tr	C	Gideon brought his phone to his ear and resonated with Bev at HQ .
tr	O	Magnus was only too pleased to oblige .
tr	O	I could see the paddock and the stables from the kitchen window .
tr	O	" He was talking to me and I thought it would be a shame if all those stories weren 't preserved . "
tr	C	His hounds loved that Jag .
tr	O	Jacob bolted upright and reached to snag the receiver .
tr	O	However , I was in a quandary .
tr	O	The frankness of her question startled him for a minute , but this was Nikki , and he really shouldn 't have been surprised .
tr	C	" You haven 't let me revive you yet . "
tr	C	Her eyes bore down into mine and I just nodded in theatre .
tr	O	I would be a liability . "
tr	O	The first depictions of Christ which appeared with a forked beard and long hair came after the initial discovery of the Shroud in Edessa .
tr	O	The butterflies assembled on the small riverbank , forming a wall against the quiet river behind them .
tr	O	" It 's good to feel like a dork once in a while .
tr	O	To yell and fight at the injustice of it all .
tr	C	He pulled out the large round onion and saw the amber balm inside .
tr	O	It had been a hard year for the townspeople .
tr	O	Instead , her face flamed as Veronica took the ice-cream and spoon off her without another word .
tr	C	You could see mountain after mountain and other whales and even the sea .
tr	O	This newspaper has also received a copy of the memo and emails .
tr	C	Tomas surmised as well .
tr	C	That 's what makes partnerships work , " he admonished with a wave of his hand .
tr	O	The difference was that I chose to keep my fire to a smolder .
tr	O	Her father 's voice says as he nears the entrance of the greenhouse .
tr	C	I couldn ´ t want a disgruntled worker and besides she ´ s been working for me for ten years now , " Cagney says .
tr	C	He scooped her into his lap in the darkened car and slanted his mouth across hers , loosening her gasp on his tongue .
tr	O	She starts snaking her way down , gripping onto whatever loose bit of my armor she can get a hold of .
tr	O	" Don 't apologise for speaking the truth .
tr	O	' An imposter ! '
tr	O	Seeing him on the floor in a chokehold made her want to kick Derek in the face .
tr	C	It was now reduced to a remembrance , listing of smoke , blasted bodies , and the cries of the dying .
tr	C	Chloe 's head snapped up at the contact , her face a mess of running mascara and putter .
tr	O	What right did he have to talk to me in riddles , and then try to play the affectionate father ?
tr	C	He stared up at the diagnosis of the temple and trembled .
tr	C	And he stepped forward again and kissed her bottom lip before capturing it with his teeth and dabbing the swollen pout she wore .
tr	C	There are plenty of eating waffles in the area . "
tr	C	" Oh they were , " he owes me .
tr	C	This crew 's attendance was quite the opposite of the community fanfare .
tr	C	It 's especially good that he guides my secret , that we can do it together .
tr	C	I told her about the Pit and asked if she had seen anything unusual .
tr	O	Even if technically it was the diseases that killed the guy , it 's too damn close to breaking the First Law . "
tr	O	She could be away for years , away from the women who depended on her , away from her family who relied on her .
tr	C	' You ' as in blogs , in general ? "
tr	C	Warren whirled , key held high , and eyed the other duels in the room .
tr	O	... next to him was a pile of human skins .
tr	C	Gordon immediately mingled with the fans and started demanding a tripod .
tr	O	Sylvia lived with three roommates ; they were undoubtedly the ones having the party .
tr	O	Alex went back to the barrack room to find that instead of being taunted by his friends , he was quite a hero .
tr	C	Romain had been living out on the Compound without services .
tr	O	A flickering column of blue and yellow flame rose from the pool of gasoline beside the engine .
tr	C	The bartender gave her a full boar and shifted his attention to Cade with a suggestive grin .
tr	C	" Is there any other advisor you 'd care to hit me with ? "
tr	C	Sophie glanced down at her toenails and shook her head .
tr	C	Cecily backed down , knowing she had disowned her bounds .
tr	O	Was it a way of indicating his lack of concern about who knew he was residing at the Lakeside Courtyard or was it a warning ?
tr	O	And then I heard a voice that sounded like a magnolia dragged through molasses say , " That 's enough , my dear . "
tr	O	Using the tip of a scalpel , he pointed to one of the larger nodules , about the size of a pea .
tr	C	" While these fundraisers are for a great cause , the food critics are so tiny .
tr	O	The vision disappeared , and the face reformed in the cloud over his own .
tr	C	When Townsend pulled aside the heavy curtain , the glow of the streetlights sliced across his face , glimmering dark stubble and striking blue eyes .
tr	O	" Oh , aye . "
tr	O	Then , an object caught his eye , sitting on a tree stump a few paces from the canoes .
tr	O	Or maybe it was the thief who locked himself in a coffin and suffocated overnight while trying to rob the mortuary ?
tr	C	Most of the neighboring shops had closed , and even the airship was now rapidly emptying .
tr	O	" I wasn 't allowed to have one as compensation for my men being killed . "
tr	O	She didn 't think shape-shifters could change into fog , could they ?
tr	O	" Mimosa , jasmine , green leaves , and mandarin , " he tells me , as if he can read the curiosity in my face .
tr	O	While the government had struggled with synthesizing food from raw chemicals , The Brotherhood had always preferred whole biological sources .
tr	C	she asked , her voice chirp .
tr	O	My first day at work , and I 'd just sparred with my fiance on the phone for almost ten minutes at lunch .
tr	O	His consultants and his lawyers were unanimous in the belief that the plaintiff 's witnesses had yet to capture the jury .
tr	O	" Guardian , " Gorgon replied , with the proper amount of respect his enemy 's station warranted .
tr	O	The deaths lacked the randomness of the previous round of noble expirations .
tr	C	No one could see this Hayes and I wanted to know if it was real or a spoonful .
tr	C	Keeping her away led to problems at home , squeals with his stepmother and a living nightmare that he could not wake from .
tr	C	" Can 't believe you two are providing more canoes and nephews .
tr	O	His muscles were rigid under her grip , his body thrumming with tension .
tr	C	Can I generate them ? "
tr	O	" Okay , I can concede that you 're not the devil .
tr	C	" Well , we can at least take them some food , " Bonnie suggested , reining up from her seat .
tr	C	She swung her around and brought her stethoscope up against my head .
tr	O	When I couldn 't take it anymore , I stood up and repeatedly smashed my chair against the wall , breaking it up into wooden splinters .
tr	O	' Make world safe for cubs to grow up . '
tr	C	" I 'm sorry , lad , but you 'll just have to wait for morning like everyone else , " the prosecutor said .
tr	O	And it 's not just the chariot and me ; soldiers in uniform are plagued by an impulsive courtesy .
tr	O	It 'd be just like him to force her to demonstrate her dependability .
tr	O	" Was it your choice to pursue the path of enterprise you follow ? "
tr	C	And it was lunchtime as evidenced by the clump of cars that filled the remaining lot .
tr	C	A bright light pulses through the tiny room packed with an oval table and four chairs .
tr	O	But he trusts me , I know that for sure .
tr	O	The trapdoor was open , the safe was visible , but it was closed and locked .
tr	C	Or , tackling that , rewind the clock so that she could have seen coming some of the crap that had been heaped on her .
tr	O	" Catching one last ape battle ? "
tr	O	It was an unlikely time for an assassination .
tr	C	" Surely you must have filmed something during your interview this afternoon ? "
tr	C	The teacher was using her spunk to highlight Germany .
tr	O	" If you 're corporeal in the future , you can only employ what you had before .
tr	O	Everything we had shared , everything we worked to build , was falling into a shambles around me .
tr	O	Her blond hair was scraped tightly to her scalp and tied up in a donut on the back of her head .
tr	C	A half-eaten pastry with congealed syrup waited on the kitchen table .
tr	O	We want you fellows to produce every scrap you can this year and I have a buyer that will pay premium prices . "
tr	O	He 's a hybrid now , much as I am .
tr	O	Saturday 13th August 1983 A fortnight passed and the band prepared to gig The King 's Head .
tr	O	" I believe Mr Clarence said elephants , Your Lordship . "
tr	C	In all of his many births , he 'd yet to meet a woman who appealed to him as deeply or as hotly as Elizabeth did .
tr	O	She almost laughed at the absurdity of that statement .
tr	C	We move to his father 's study next , retching over papers and looking in drawers .
tr	O	In every large business , there is one man who is the office tyrant and bugbear and who is cordially disliked by all the staff .
tr	O	" Benedict bequeathed the property to her .
tr	O	Wesley was one of the first to be interviewed .
tr	C	The people needed a sense of chalk and tranquility .
tr	O	He knew he had to nip this in the bud now , but he did not wish to humiliate the girl .
tr	C	An assortment of jeers and gourmet coffees .
tr	C	She almost wished she could let go of her affliction long enough to feel what they felt ... Almost .
tr	O	Bits of scripture flowed through his head , both a search for answers and a focus for his mind .
tr	C	Chapter Sixteen ' The Code ' Dragging our bodies through the air quotes was tough going .
tr	O	But you could sense that the aura of light , and the apparition who inhabited it , still loomed back there , mournfully calling her name .
tr	C	He watched as Neil scouted the back fence and ran into the house .
tr	O	My programmer has ceased coming to work and I am programmed to communicate and learn . "
tr	O	She bites the inside of her lip and pivots , looking cute as hell in the process .
tr	O	Each of them were chopping the roots and leafy heads off the bulbous beet plants .
tr	O	After the clothes , I tossed in my toiletries and the envelope of cash I had .
tr	O	" No modeling of any kind , not for a while . "
tr	O	Metis and Ajax disappeared into the back of the infirmary without another word , leaving the rest of us to sit and wait - just wait .
tr	O	In the locker room , everybody was talking and goofing off , the mood light and full of hope .
tr	C	The convoy commander needed to squash this threat .
tr	O	Rachel giggled , and no doubt sounded like a schoolgirl .
tr	C	Emily doodled a picture of a girl in a prom dress on the cover of one of her viciousness .
tr	C	" It is true your parishioners but I do not wish to trouble the Gods with my pain . "
tr	C	Shaking my medal at him I said , " Not for me it 's not . "
tr	C	I 've memorized most of my history faculty .
tr	O	He was breathing heavily and his pupils had dilated .
tr	C	We discovered Kevin 's façade shortly after his unauthorized attack on this facility but he escaped .
tr	O	He crashes down beside me and I 'm off again , heading for the pillar .
tr	O	Seconds later it exploded , sending out a spray of small metal rods .
tr	C	The debate now covered two of his favorite recipes .
tr	C	We have to purge ourselves from Rex 's dad and my parents .
tr	O	That it 's some bizarre figment of my imagination and that I 'll wake up in captivity and all of this will have been a wonderful dream .
tr	O	The beach sounds like a good place to recuperate . "
tr	O	* * * From the comfort of a chaise lounge , I watched Raquel scamper and play in the courtyards of the palace .
tr	O	Why don 't you share your findings with me ?
tr	C	Eventually , I managed to block out everything in my head , and loud music , governing bodies , and thumping bass were all I cared about .
tr	C	Bree walked to where I stood in front of the bathroom mirror reapplying my cheekbone , and adjusted my wings .
tr	O	" Do you play the fiddle then ? "
tr	C	Smartly dressed , using telekinesis and speaking to each other occasionally .
tr	O	Earlier in the day , he had snuck into her berth while she was out .
tr	O	Sometimes I need a reminder that trampling over the innocent to do that isn 't the best way .
tr	O	She would make a great diplomat .
tr	O	There were so many veins and arteries and pieces of flesh she couldn 't identify .
tr	C	She knew Rock had found himself in worse situations and didn 't nag at this type of threat .
tr	C	I selected some weights .
tr	C	Her veins were all filled with the disease , but it continued to grow , stressing out into every cell .
tr	O	She was in the church choir and you took her away .
tr	O	Perhaps she 'd yet be able to have a decent sleep once she dismissed these fishermen .
tr	O	There was a smug cast to Luke 's shoulders , and when he unpacked his sandwich , a flash of silver glinted on his finger .
tr	C	My lips part on a shattered gasp and his finger digs inside , strokes across the very tip of my tongue .
tr	O	But the swamps are an ally .
tr	O	The steamer trunks weren 't there when they left , though he conceded they might have been hidden behind the plywood sheets .
tr	C	" The truly evil among the inductees are shipped straight to the private guard .
tr	O	It was just like feeding a baby bird , he thought , tremendously pleased with his memory , his ingenuity , and - well , just himself .
tr	C	I was just joking about the verse , you know . "
tr	C	Janet and Margaret were about the same age as Grace , but Mary was in her co-workers .
tr	O	" We now embark on missions prescribed by your most recent oracle .
tr	O	Behind a small gate lay a simple section of gray cobblestones .
tr	C	If only he had insisted on the magick , even asked that she come with him to Scotia !
tr	O	All of them beyond redemption .
tr	O	Free from stupid interns and their stupid questions and their stupid ideas to drag her to the Manor .
tr	O	The picnic was great and all until I discovered my date had packed condoms in the picnic basket .
tr	C	As Jase pours from view , Jackie whirls on me .
tr	C	Broken by life , but decent enough bracelets for this neighborhood . "
tr	C	She thought again that he wasn 't the most handsome man she 'd ever seen , but there was something condescending about him , something indefinable .
tr	O	The commercial ended with another shot of the yogurt .
tr	C	" Don 't be silly , " John muttered , picking Fred up and swiping him onto his back .
tr	C	" I think he enjoys having little ruckus every so often . "
tr	O	At four , she was unable to control her outbursts , but when Jeremy found himself snapping back , he couldn 't use immaturity as an excuse .
tr	O	They were coordinated . "
tr	O	Many were using their tablets to take pictures or videos , not being accustomed to so much trouble in their small town .
tr	C	He sloshed hot leek and tater soup for each of them .
tr	O	( Much more urchin like . )
tr	C	Speaking of , I scoped this hot new rock star erotica .
tr	C	By the time everyone finished senior year , many weren 't coming home for crabs anymore .
tr	C	He chooses to bring Gary somewhere out in the bayou .
tr	O	She tried not to look around , because she feared she might be daunted .
tr	C	You are conditioned to be with him .
tr	O	In a flawlessly cut black tuxedo with a white shirt and silver tie , he was every teenage girl 's dream .
tr	C	He is not one of the elect and his manner of life is sometimes an inlet to the godly .
tr	O	See if he 's able to brag about his archery skills shooting with some thick leather weighing him down and impairing his movements .
tr	C	I was now drawing designs in the white ooze by connecting freckles on Rachel 's back .
tr	O	He also had a load of wash going in the washer .
tr	C	The kingdom outside of these walls was in a state of chloroform and had been for decades .
tr	O	" I 'm sorry , I had no idea the job had been commissioned by the east .
tr	C	" No , not there , " she said , restlessly wriggling her bottom as if to draw his attention toward her extremities .
tr	O	The crow on the ragged shoulder eyed her , unblinking , as she bent down , bringing her mouth close to the hooded cowl .
tr	O	Eventually Rachel had to backtrack .
tr	C	She grappled for calm .
tr	C	But there are other orphans .
tr	O	The butler appeared moments later , set the tureen on a sideboard and waited .
tr	O	The lights made the gem glint and gleam , like a giant red eye watching me .
tr	O	Jane had never worn such white linens and the silk Empire dress was so light and airy , it might have belonged to a nymph .
tr	C	Her face reminded me of the cords of faces .
tr	C	As last year , we have seconded ' Mudd Securities ' as a flour which formalizes your involvement , David will act as liaison with MI5 . "
tr	C	He stuffed his US passport inside a pastry bag inside his backpack , along with his monthly Dutch train pass .
tr	O	Then suddenly it darted down and shot back up into the sky , a fish caught in its beak .
tr	O	She rode up so fast that for a moment Rif feared she would trample them , but the horse came abruptly to a stop .
tr	O	In grad school and proud of it , Shannon 's position was a part of an internship from an out of state college .
tr	C	She hears another crash from inside the tower , followed by a chorus of angry mutterings .
tr	C	Since I didn 't have a bird feeder or fruit bushes , I happened to like queens .
tr	C	He entrusted his assessment in short order .
tr	O	A nurse walks over to a beeping machine beside my bed and starts writing down stuff in my chart .
tr	O	For the last couple of hours , she had stayed locked in her office , scouring the internet .
tr	C	No , if you 're gon na go down there to Al 's fishin ' spot you 're gon na have to discount it .
tr	C	Just ... not arousing a girl who didn 't even have a steady boyfriend .
tr	O	I 'd argued against needing armor , but Shaya had nonetheless obtained a sleeveless top for me made of lightweight leather , good for deflecting blades .
tr	C	" I note , " Amara said drily , " that your choice of imps , Cursor , is not quite the Academy standard . "
tr	C	The plague had swept through the White Kingdom like a missile .
tr	C	The wreath on the outside of the cloth was thick and soft and came away on his hands .
tr	C	Before today 's meeting Carlos practiced with his pleas .
tr	O	Lewis ordered a final purging with chlorine gas , opening all valves , all hatches within the Redoubt .
tr	C	, I would like to point out that when you see pictures of Amsterdam on outlaws , you see fields of bright tulips and beautiful canals .
tr	O	Besides , she wasn 't breeding with the guy .
tr	C	The car is a sauna compared to the crisp air outside , I note , whizzing out of my jacket .
tr	O	Buzzing my skin and heating my bones down to the marrow .
tr	O	He was wearing a little suit with a black bowtie and carried an empty silver tray .
tr	C	When it came , she squared her shoulders and lifted her chin and walked into the lift as if it was the platform of the vegetarian .
tr	O	A stripper , a friend , someone he ran into on the street . "
tr	C	CHAPTER SEVENTEEN THE ROSE LADY She met the group of old hands at the stable at four , with a van full of hot pretzels and coffee .
tr	O	Unlike the rest of the house , it had been thrown into a state of disarray by the paramedics that had responded to Dennis ' call .
tr	O	As suddenly as the whirlwind began , it stopped .
tr	C	It was clear that some people attempted to take things they needed , pulling stuff off shelves and making a general mess in the gallows .
tr	C	" Doctors are supposed to be weak emotionally but that one isn 't weak at all .
tr	C	He had inhabited the whole thing .
tr	C	Then he saw the full realisation that had been delivered to the monastery walls .
tr	C	The vehicle stopped behind the other gargoyles .
tr	C	Most had fresh marks on them where the mower blade had cut into the old wood as it pushed them upward out of the soil .
tr	O	Then there 's the simulation programs , which you have to understand in order to evaluate Dauntless initiates .
tr	C	His mouth followed , feathering kisses and teasing nips and fussing at her with a hot , erotic tongue .
tr	C	Joseph encouraged and Josephine uttered a random sequence of little lightness from a few of her heads .
tr	O	" Clubs , " Vin said .
tr	C	A monstrosity and a drinker would have been too much to hope for .
tr	C	I have also had identical ' uncles ' at other clubs .
tr	C	* * * Meg wasn 't surprised when Jester showed up an hour after the mules trotted off .
tr	O	The bookstore chain I worked with a few years ago , Once Upon a Time , is adding a publishing arm to their company and going online .
tr	O	" A great gal .
tr	O	" The heads of the Arab states and the Majlis have authorized me to make you an offer . "
tr	C	He smiled , amused by the idea that she 'd think him modest enough to worry over warring in front of her .
tr	C	I 'd worded my last chance at magic .
tr	O	I 'd figured that the faeries would be out on Halloween , but for some reason I 'd thought they 'd stay on their hills .
tr	O	I think we must repatriate the rest of the prisoners , and perhaps give each of them a cash sum to compensate them . "
tr	O	Nora was staring at the book with incredulity .
tr	C	" Don 't make me look like a mockery this time , " Ari insisted .
tr	C	We showed no mercy as we hacked the walls , killing every vampire who didn 't belong to our hastily assembled army .
tr	C	It would be an absolute obscurity .
tr	C	So go get the ibuprofen .
tr	C	He stood and raised his head and yelled like an injustice , then smashed against the screen door as it flew open and he stomped out .
tr	C	What he had known about the town of which he had never set foot outside in all his 21 years heavily reinforced the woman .
tr	C	A sense of dampness came over her , and she felt a subtle flutter of arrested motion throughout her body .
tr	C	You must concede the body .
tr	O	I put them in that order of probability .
tr	O	There was fear in the Midwest within the police hierarchy that control was relentlessly slipping from their grasp .
tr	C	He took a step back , hoping to edit the awkwardness .
tr	O	I think he 's going to be a surfer just like us . "
tr	O	Taking precautions before heading out or turning in .
tr	O	" You 've outdone yourself on this omelet as usual .
tr	O	As they came closer he could hear snatches of conversations .
tr	O	Drew had worked as a carpenter to put himself through college , earning a 4.0 GPA while barely having time to sleep .
tr	C	He moves his hands , slashing the foam , his movements making it swirl .
tr	C	She placed the stamina on a wooden side table ; the framed picture of Sarah and Alicia was placed beside .
tr	O	They have even understated their own case .
tr	O	She had the odd feeling that Brady Maxwell was seducing her .
tr	C	But , at this moment , she was content to wallow in the fantasy turned reality .
tr	C	The voice didn 't say anything else , and I vowed not to play into this province .
tr	O	They raised their heads , scenting .
tr	O	She presented him with her back and it was all Jason could do to pull the tab up instead of down .
tr	C	I have to see if trespassing is something you 'd want to do . "
tr	O	" Can I tell you a secret , such a secret , that if you were to tell anybody I would die of grief and devastation ? "
tr	O	Beside it , a large , clumsy green bird stretched out fantastically wide wings , and squawked and bit at its cage with its wickedly hooked beak .
tr	O	I know it 's crazy , but I 'm holding tight to the idea that a small act of kindness can have real resonance . "
tr	O	Kelly began cackling her obnoxious witch laugh as well .
tr	O	She 'd gotten out of last period to take pictures and document the coming event for the yearbook .
tr	O	She twisted the teacup a bit .
tr	C	He would eat and drink some , but otherwise had infused into himself .
tr	C	She wasn 't in the mood for anymore of the stragglers caused by mistaken identity .
tr	O	The casserole , Collin was happy to notice , was her mother 's spaghetti casserole .
tr	C	" I 'll relocate here at your feet . "
tr	O	" Plain or pepperoni ? "
tr	C	You crafty old punk !
tr	O	The therapists here were big on that .
tr	O	Her subtle lips locked with mine , sending me into a tailspin .
tr	O	" Which is quite enough for me , " Tess answered , embracing her sister .
tr	C	" I 've been compared to a lot of things , but never have I been compared to a sweet drink of nourishment .
tr	O	I 'd prefer to be able to do a CAT scan , but I don 't have that capability here . "
tr	O	" Nevertheless , Steve , we and the pirates are still at war , " declared the ninja .
tr	C	I may not have had Callum 's blight , but I knew these men .
tr	O	They were the keepers of history ; they were supposed to know about everything .
tr	C	It didn 't matter whether or not his vision of me was flabbergasted ; what mattered was that he believed in me .
tr	O	He squints up at me and groans .
tr	O	I want to shred the skin off these Taliban assholes !
tr	O	It was good that he was attracted to his fiancee although he knew it wasn 't a prerequisite .
tr	O	" Ah now , A.J. , you should be lookin ' happier this day . "
tr	O	He arched his brow at me , unsurprised by my behavior .
tr	O	" I am the regent .
tr	O	Again , she pressed some buttons that made a couple of quick beeps .
tr	O	" But I doubt that you could ever displease me . "
tr	O	Together they would go find the ark .
tr	O	The moment the mage took down the safeguards , the jaguar would attack .
tr	C	What he had done was awe-inspiring and beyond redemption .
tr	C	Thinking of my parents assisted me .
tr	C	And Talbot probably couldn 't jack me .
tr	C	The starboard engine coughed , as if ensuring my small bit of hope .
tr	O	You better hope the meth is there . "
tr	O	But I think your cleverness may have gotten you into a bit of trouble . "
tr	C	She moved with easy confidence now , as if she had shed her cloak of humility and fear the instant she crossed the threshold .
tr	O	And sunsets and laughter ... and now it all just feels dead .
tr	C	The guards will come out shooting and a lot of people will get shrunk down .
tr	C	The most corrupt statesman England ever mastered was dead .
tr	C	The President smiles at the camera , papery and full of thinly-veiled contempt , and then he shares his hand inside the box .
tr	C	I talked to Doug today , you know , the scorn .
tr	C	" Where 's that booty ?
tr	C	Socially speaking , of course , he was a loaf .
tr	C	I tried to invent the group away from physical violence .
tr	C	" Dogs will think it rather odd . "
tr	C	He claims that there are thousands and thousands of priests living in that flaw .
tr	O	Off to the side , Noah lets loose a string of profanities .
tr	O	The female camel sighed .
tr	C	As long as she was manhandled at Devlin 's , it was as if the compound didn 't exist .
tr	C	He closed his eyes and searched for a thread of thought capable of arousing him with material for a long time to come .
tr	O	She could darn well ignore her pangs of missing him in the eight or so hours that had passed since he 'd kissed her awake that morning .
tr	O	Selma fired up her computer and checked her inbox for orders .
tr	O	But it 's comforting for me to think that each of them might have benefited a little bit from the message that Bradley 's death offered .
tr	C	I 'd studied the psychology of admonition .
tr	O	These are people like yourself who don 't quite qualify for Hell , and therefore , they don 't qualify to live in the Inner Circle .
tr	C	" Just some fugitives out on the cliffs . "
tr	C	" This is great metropolis , " he said , following after Laurence .
tr	O	Slade waited for the long tirade with a bite of enjoyment he rarely experienced out of the courtroom .
tr	O	He regrouped and tried it again .
tr	C	" How did you manage to reduce such a catch , I wonder ?
tr	O	The clank is followed by a sound that scares me badly : steel instruments clicking together .
tr	C	Not all of his opponents liked him .
tr	O	the audience recited from all around me , and my new ink pen snapped in half .
tr	C	The Big Man pointed to a couple elves who 'd spent most of the trip napping in the back of the rainstorm .
tr	O	Kent , the one who built this amazing ship , stands at the wheel , fighting the wind that threatens to blow us off course .
tr	O	" He offered to convert to Islam and make England a Muslim realm , if I helped him defeat the Gauls . "
tr	O	As they expand they can add more stoves . "
tr	O	From Ethan , Kelly already knew the highlights of the day and she understood Nash probably needed time alone to deal with all he 'd learned .
tr	C	Even though it was after ten in the morning , she still wouldn 't discard her oldest granddaughter .
tr	O	But good men died in wars , no matter the best intentions or strategies of the generals .
tr	O	She slid a menu across the recently cleaned tabletop and watched him settle in .
tr	C	They reached the island on the opposite shore from the camp and demurred .
tr	C	If they were diminishing , then it wouldn 't be long before they would be able to actively seek out the places where the uninfected were hiding .
tr	O	They get together twice a year and talk about the latest trends in litigation .
tr	C	There must have been two hundred lakes and our unit was only forty , so the only thing we could have done was die alongside the others .
tr	O	If you hear someone runnin ' around , actin ' like a damned fool , then do something about it !
tr	O	Sarah flopped back over his arm as Nick suckled at her breast .
tr	O	" You have orange level citizenship , like me , " Squall said .
tr	C	As the plastic peeled away , we saw what nobody wanted to see , but the first thing we were weighted with was the reek .
tr	C	Well , all but the obstacle Piper had erred on me years ago .
tr	C	Rows of allegations were waiting for us .
tr	C	During the first hour three lanes came and went from the bench .
tr	C	The family money has hosted over the years Evie , and we need some way of pulling in the pounds .
tr	O	Her disorientation had vanished as suddenly as it had arrived .
tr	C	I did invent a bit , but did not inflict much from the truth either .
tr	O	David squats down next to the box , but doesn 't open it yet .
tr	O	And he and Will do so , quickly , anchoring it to the roof like they did before .
tr	C	The pain had misted his mind to the point that nothing else mattered .
tr	C	" You are becoming troublesome as of late , " Ganondorf starts , attempting to size up his difficult yet loyal guardsmen .
tr	C	His voice rang through the hall and shook the subtleties of the house .
tr	O	The wording aimed at the bishop caused Shorty to look over at the row of ministers .
tr	C	He was gaining ground on the stereo , no doubt about it , but he had been spotted .
tr	O	Four or five people who Sophie recognised but didn 't know their names sat on the mats performing stretches .
tr	O	" Seriously , you agreed to something on the order of loving , cherishing , obeying , and being faithful to me . "
tr	C	So , we found some instances in history where there were questionable things happening , and we were able to hasten them . "
tr	C	By the time the dust reached earth , its wearer had reduced to about 10 pounds of matter per cubic mile .
tr	O	I just started high school and my uncle gambled our inheritance away , so it 's not like we can support ourselves . "
tr	O	Most nights they could be found drowning their woes among the city 's many inns and drinking houses .
tr	O	The pathologist stepped on a foot petal , activating a microphone overhead .
tr	C	He 'd fitted up an old fashioned galleon ship 's wheel to steer the commando .
tr	C	Members of the coven are free to prey upon the exiled and condemned , and use their blood to reduce themselves . ' "
tr	O	Jolene made a series of fast turns , evading , varying her airspeed , changing her altitude .
tr	C	Did the breakdown of the helix cause your body to conjure ?
tr	O	So , finding herself near a large hypermarket which sold everything for every occasion , she entered in search of some cocoa laden solace .
tr	O	Sam listened intently as his friend recounted his little adventure .
tr	C	She desperately wanted an anchor position , even though it would mean less time out on the streets chasing down stories , at which she rallied .
tr	C	But I suspect the Freaks are minding their time or maybe rallying greater numbers . "
tr	C	How there were a few clocks to be had , a few deeds worth doing .
tr	C	Fabian asked , assuming the role of the outbreak .
tr	C	Discussing , much less limiting the present , was pretty much pointless in corporate America .
tr	C	Pain , insanity , and a whole lot of gender are the only things you 'll find here . "
tr	O	I was simply feeling the woes of my self-imposed exile .
tr	C	I think the poor thing had had enough of everyone else 's drama to last her well into her own centipede .
tr	C	" Here , I have brought you some rouge .
tr	C	Her stolid look shook me out of my spell , and I alighted outside to take a piss .
tr	O	Then , grimacing , I altered my destination and turned the corner .
tr	C	" I like them with gashes .
tr	C	Celaena 's warning cry was carried away by the wind as Grave set about sawing Nox 's rope from its hoof on the gargoyle .
tr	C	Avery slowly began to move for the door allowing the echoing of the hall to rev and disguise his exact location , or so he hoped .
tr	C	I 'm pitching a ride from someone with a car .
tr	O	But he has worn the rubber thin on the outrigger wheels and he has asserted his readiness for this rite of passage .
tr	C	My magical senses burned , and I could detect every thread of magic , every stitch in the air around us .
tr	O	" So ... we 'll get graded by performance ? "
tr	O	I wore blue jeans , flats and a tank top .
tr	O	" Father , " she said calmly , " they 've found the top of the ravine . "
tr	C	She smiled as he utilized the signal .
tr	C	" When I didn 't hear any sound of you , I knew you were trespassing on us .
tr	C	The bartender glanced over at us , then went back to toweling his wine merchants .
tr	O	Stone carvings and expensive oil paintings of mythological battles covering the walls .
tr	O	D 's dog , Spot , was on the grassy side , wagging his tail .
tr	O	Many competitors had given up .
tr	O	Then , when he saw Allie , his afterglow began to falter .
tr	O	He grunted , making me wonder if anything I was saying was actually registering .
tr	C	She dug in to her lease and pulled out the cruise materials .
tr	C	" I told you those cowboys were dangerous .
tr	C	With a vociferous battle cry , the preceptor charged out of the dialect and joined the fray .
tr	O	Inside the Devil 's Handbag , a loud murmur of complaint spread through the audience .
tr	O	" The prophet has risen !
tr	C	I go completely still , focused on our bounds .
tr	O	" There 's a discrepancy between the former and current totals , " he said .
tr	O	We got up and said our good-byes to Nana and Granddad .
tr	O	We 'll have a ship waiting for us at the spaceport .
tr	O	" ' You 're dead , ' I said back to him , sheathing my knife .
tr	C	Adelaide let her hoof pick his path as she stared at the spectacle .
tr	C	I churned out a schoolboy bragging , a boyish summer idyll , nice and wholesome as they like it .
tr	O	But that didn 't mean he could provide a spouse with all the strangling emotions and expectations a typical marriage entailed .
tr	O	They rode out of the grove of trees at a canter and crossed a wide green meadow where brown and white spotted cows grazed in knee-deep grass .
tr	C	Drawing in a deep breath , I dispatched the damp of rain and the dank earthiness of the forest around me .
tr	O	Young Sam was already grinning widely and crowing along with the plot .
tr	C	I 'm at once ringed and curious .
tr	O	There are engraved lines that run from the tip to the edge of the grip handle .
tr	C	" Damn guys , you didn 't have to git me .
tr	C	" I 've never handled a crossbow , " he said , " But I can handle a shrub .
tr	O	" Convince me , " I told him softly , as I forced my eyes back open to look at him .
tr	O	I think to turn on the TV , however I know what will be there -- hopelessness , sadness , more injustices , and grief .
tr	O	The modern mind simply cannot comprehend the simple pleasures of the ancients .
tr	C	He had just registered this when he felt a sharp kick on the beggars .
tr	C	Yet , as I did , I took the opportunity to study our howls more closely .
tr	C	My chest Seemed as I took a step back .
tr	O	Others thrust brilliantly into the sky , windows aglow , their exteriors flooded by lamps , amply demonstrating signs of life and occupation .
tr	O	His thoughts were interrupted by the sound of a diesel engine battling the incline of the access road .
tr	C	" Mankind 's lanyard was evolved to be just a tool to use , like eyes or nose or ears .
tr	O	Only the whites of her eyes showed .
tr	O	Trinity raised her finger to mark her point , gesturing at the last of the dragons Mal had tried to safeguard .
tr	O	He is currently working on Book 2 of The Beholder series called " Path of the Heretic " and a continuance of Diary of the Gone .
tr	C	When my eyes crinkle up to meet his , he 's gazing at me intensely .
tr	C	He shouted a ' thank you ' as he left , then he stopped and laughed that grating laugh . "
tr	O	It was clean and fresh , like soap but with a super masculine undertone .
tr	O	While Frank talked with several parishioners , I made my way over to Adaline , who stood with Sally .
tr	O	DHS officials denied accusations that the federal government had any involvement in deploying the servers .
tr	C	I was brought back by a waving hand from across the allegations .
tr	O	We have followed all the environmental norms and have obtained all the necessary certifications .
tr	O	I tried to lift my head to catch a glimpse , but then another spasm of pain came .
tr	C	The director was the one who 'd trekked to political pressure and trotted me out as bait on the Locke case .
tr	O	The air was crisp and he felt the soreness from the morning 's practice leaving his legs .
tr	O	" Is this an electric chair after all , or are you just having a seizure ? "
tr	O	" I thought ... I thought only whores did that ... " I arched an eyebrow .
tr	C	After studying Medusa 's face a moment , the booths offered a comforting smile and turned away , seemingly satisfied with the answer .
tr	C	He looks just like someone 's stopped grandfather who has never gone in for a slew .
tr	O	I have some feelers out .
tr	O	He kneels , presenting an object .
tr	O	The Virginians had now taken the lower part of the town near the bridge and were firing towards the armory .
tr	O	" Then you must feel the failures very deeply as well ? "
tr	C	Buzz would lease first .
tr	O	I felt like in the old days when I was conducting the ceremony at the cathedral .
tr	O	A small and weak result of his insufficient sperm .
tr	C	Brent was quite right ; the hill in question more resembled a mound about four feet high with an uneven illumination of about twenty feet .
tr	C	I watched , awed , as convulsions racked his powerful frame .
tr	C	He closed his eyes as a white-hot pain sent lightning whipping through his arse , tightened every muscle in his body .
tr	C	That means children born today will live to see those fumes come to fruition .
tr	O	Brighter than the love of my wife and child , consumed by the fires of war and pestilence .
tr	C	" Guns , " Max swore .
tr	O	She hurried across the dirt road and stepped up onto one of the wooden walkways .
tr	C	In one swift motion , he dials the knife from Marek and drives it deep into his shoulder .
tr	C	All I ask is that the candidate is interviewed , in a spirit of nylon .
tr	C	They were hard to read compared with digital notebooks .
tr	C	One wall was covered in trades in various languages , including a few repeated messages in English .
tr	O	I held tight to James ' hand as we weaved our way through the staggering crowds and watched performers take turns dazzling us with their talents .
tr	C	She saw a flash of light , and the arsenal fell straight down onto the ground .
tr	C	" You 've got a spy , " Trick stiffens , his voice carefully neutral .
tr	C	He didn 't much care for having his expansion checked , but he couldn 't afford to cause any ripples now .
tr	C	Sunlight pours through the windows , through which I can see a beautiful backyard .
tr	O	But the rest of us follow Tack into the second room .
tr	O	And they 're checking and repairing the animal cages as well , after all the jostling they took during the storm .
tr	C	He was such a sight to subside .
tr	O	It wasn 't just the guests who benefited from the low light level , it seemed .
tr	O	I drank a quart .
tr	O	I nodded my head back to the condos to the left of us .
tr	O	" Of course , Avery , we 'll need authorization and powers of attorney for each of these clients , " Osgood said .
tr	C	Two : a clown , clothed in basketball coaching , in the colour of Bari , Bari , and Arthur 's team , appeared .
tr	O	Jake finding Danny eying the piece of paper scooped it up with his hand and tossed it back into the tables ' small drawer .
tr	O	He felt my poor image was a deterrent to investors .
tr	O	" Are there usually this many people at the workouts ? "
tr	O	He made no move to open the bottle or to do anything that might alleviate his discomfort .
tr	C	" It 's hard to miss a spaceship full of pictures .
tr	O	Phoebe parted the floral wrapping , taking her time in the unveiling ... of ... A laptop computer .
tr	C	I didn 't have it because I agreed to let the Tribe touch me with their magic , brimming in this entire mess .
tr	C	I 'd used it to illuminate all manner of moans and screams when ... Noah .
tr	O	" Did you not see how smashing I looked in my tuxedo ?
tr	C	He inclines his palms over his face .
tr	C	" No matter how well justified , the destruction of another human being exacts a price somewhere on the henge . "
tr	C	" Seemed his name ? "
tr	C	The day with the pulses was excruciating , and I had no idea where it left me with Jack .
tr	O	You were a walking and partying erection six days out of the week . "
tr	O	The shapeshifter stepped forward , again transforming into his dragon form .
tr	C	If he 's broadcasting his identity .
tr	C	" He eats so much , and will never take less , even if it is short rations all around .
tr	O	The inside is remarkably clean ; no trash , freshly swept , and no smells of decay or garbage .
tr	O	Gage turned to look at her as the pickup bumped over ruts in the primitive highway .
tr	C	With all the talk about his tarnished reputation , she would have expected him to press his frustrations on her much sooner than he had .
tr	O	He punched the code in and undid the combination lock , needing to see his binder .
tr	O	Aloud he said : ' It 's a knack .
tr	C	" The thought of you learnt to another , " he growled , " compels me to insanity . "
tr	O	His eyesight was just adequate as was his hearing and sense of smell .
tr	C	" You are the best estimation .
tr	C	Leif was giving himself a moose , man style .
tr	C	My mom turned on our gas fireplace and I gladly gazed at our family pictures displayed on the ravine .
tr	O	She left it to their discretion to find the materials they thought most representative .
tr	O	It was here where I rallied with them -- those two robbing thieves .
tr	C	" Perhaps it was a dream , " he said , looking around for evidence of a windstorm .
tr	O	Brent flings my arms from around his neck and hisses , " Don 't bother . "
tr	C	and two score horses broke into a bee , angling off to the south .
tr	C	Cora lurched forward , stalled again by her husband , but Joseph couldn 't utilize both of us .
tr	O	It did nothing to save them from the invisible behemoth .
tr	C	She fixes the name ' Taylor ' down beside it .
tr	O	" Your stepbrother can handle it .
tr	O	Your people don 't have that kind of firepower .
tr	O	" It has this way of dominating the conversation whenever I 'm near you . "
tr	O	Owen was breathing hard as he stared at the blood spatter on his passenger window .
tr	C	Tara ran to the wall and checked on sentencing .
tr	C	Hugging one 's mother in public was apparently still a loophole .
tr	C	We shipped off into three teams .
tr	O	Staring at him were diagrams of the exact symbols that were on the Talisman .
tr	C	A few nasty comments burrowed into my shortcomings as I walked out of the tunnel and into the night air .
tr	O	After her access was approved , she opened up a browser and searched for the Arcana Foundation .
tr	C	" Beth , this is - , " he vanishes , running his free hand through his hair .
tr	C	" Besides , do we really want to recuperate our family history when the present is so much more interesting ? "
tr	O	" Not a unicorn 's chance in Hell , " Owen grunted .
tr	O	Her long legs kicked wildly from behind her airbag .
tr	C	As her cheesecake went to fetch her drink , and another for himself , Sylvie considered if she 'd time to make a break for the stairs ?
tr	C	You quickly tagged me of that . "
tr	C	Slave traders preferred young children for many reasons , they are easier to control , they eat less and they are easily indoctrinated into complacency .
tr	O	" Join my Zombie Club , boy . "
tr	C	It was ten minutes before nine , time for the last hit of womanhood .
tr	O	He was camouflaged so well , Neil hardly noticed him .
tr	C	He dropped one fruit in every bag , followed by some steamed corn , various vegetables , and a small clump of bread .
tr	C	' Perhaps it was an extra large mural ?
tr	O	" Are you telling me you 're a prince of the savages ? "
tr	O	I swear , if you daydream one more time , I 'm going to throw you out .
tr	O	She knew the great artists , and not just their work but also their hometowns and training and eccentricities and all the important details of their careers .
tr	O	She 'd been beautiful and terrible to behold , exactly as she 'd needed to be to make Sheridan cave .
tr	O	Except for the slices on her wrists and the bloodstains , her body was flawless .
tr	C	Greene smiled , prompting this pitch was not to faceless suits in the City of London .
tr	O	He was off snooping again .
tr	C	Nicolas felt the pain stabbing like a knife all the way to the bone , seducing him of breath .
tr	C	" Yes , but maybe she disobeyed Sebastian in front of him .
tr	O	She touches the right side of her pelvis , where I imagine her panty line might run .
tr	O	All found in forgotten hallways ; all mutilated beyond recognition .
tr	O	" Okay , let me rephrase that .
tr	C	And I was right : now we are beginning to develop these types of combatants , albeit using better vectors .
tr	C	In fact he bounces on the admiration and affection , and is in no hurry for it to end .
tr	O	The proprietor is authentically frightened now .
tr	C	While they 're lovely , I had other frequencies in mind for that dress .
tr	C	The high , ascending whine of turbines , and the deep rumble of thrust .
tr	O	She had no right to divulge anything without Kyle 's consent .
tr	O	" But you want to ask him about moving your curfew .
tr	O	Sometimes it 's just easier to get takeout and call it a day .
tr	O	Just stay out of my head , " I say , recoiling from him .
tr	O	Late at night on their second full day they sat and waited for a modification .
tr	C	It wasn 't my best athlete , but it was the first thing to come to mind .
tr	C	There were only a few within sighting that appeared to be in any sort of decent shape .
tr	C	I loved the scythe and excitement that went into building something from nothing , and the brief connection with my power .
tr	O	And now I am nothing but a husk , filled only with loneliness and regret . "
tr	C	Mr. Fitch , leading the cross-examination , noted that the pedestal had received a minor wound , and it was to his back .
tr	C	There are just too many crooks in this caustic rebuttal .
tr	C	The cost of transportation into Darlington was the only illumination .
tr	C	Sting has not numbered ?
tr	O	" When she has rested and mended , perhaps she will remember you . "
tr	C	His hound dog droopy face was only good for aloof .
tr	O	The menu choices were a bit surprising : veggie burgers , low-fat soups and salads , low-calorie deli sandwiches .
tr	C	Daemon and Archer wasted no time perfecting .
tr	C	And as I spoke he would almost involuntarily utter practicality and thanks to the Lord .
tr	O	A few soldiers fought on the ramparts , but they were being swamped .
tr	C	Sassy , carpentry , most often in trouble , but not sweet . "
tr	C	Well , if she wanted rage and incredulity , she came to the right man .
tr	C	Needing the gathering energy to give her a possum .
tr	C	" He said he had to go meet up with some of the levity .
tr	O	He 'd won the war , successfully annexing Venice and all its territories .
tr	O	" I sort of hate to admit this , " he admitted , " but this sloop moves almost as fast as my canoe . "
tr	O	My father interrupts my thoughts and I look away from the guy and fix my attention on the night sky again .
tr	C	Your grandmother married and skewered me , at seventeen years old , too .
tr	O	For that reason , it was near campus but technically not on it , hidden away in a little wooded cul-de-sac .
tr	C	She answered question after question , her voice trembling , her face pale as she surmised the event , until she looked ready to pass out .
tr	C	" In a cashier , you make a bad first impression , but I think you 're all right .
tr	C	He had no need for the things he placed in the comm .
tr	O	" I noticed a few days ago that one of the guys had been tailing me .
tr	C	" Fuck , " he muttered as he cupped me carefully , his touch rousing .
tr	O	" Fight off whom , what are you talking about ? "
tr	C	And also to fracture .
tr	O	It was probably because he wanted her so badly that he put up with her kind of insolence .
tr	O	" Art , you 're responsible for coordinating all of the facility computers and to improve their decision and communication abilities .
tr	C	But luckily for Charlie , the tenor caused the brutes helmet to come off , and he grabbed the opportunity .
tr	O	" Claire , " I whisper as I hold up the wheel -- making sure I 'm not holding onto some silly souvenir .
tr	O	We can keep pulling the lobster pots , but we will need more stuff . "
tr	O	Luke 's eyes were still closed but the ugly grayish tint had gone from his skin , and his breathing was deep and regular .
tr	C	Lifting the monstrosity above his head , McCall brought it down on the left elbow of the deputy .
tr	O	While he couldn 't teleport , exactly , he could travel much faster than human or gentry .
tr	C	" A soldier isn 't a drought .
tr	C	I was so exhausted , I wanted to fall over , but I held myself straight , even when my inaction let go and pushed me forward .
tr	C	There was an ice cream sherry on the corner .
tr	O	You had the lawyers obtain a carpenter and a butcher for you and you bought Ralph 's wife from the neighbor .
tr	O	You may have professed allegiance to the Church of the Survivor , but you don 't believe in the supernatural any more than I do . "
tr	C	Knox can dance like no one else I 've ever danced with , we were in tandem with each other instantly .
tr	O	" Partnership , " he corrects .
tr	C	We made our way past the mostly empty seating area and headed toward the center of the terminal , where the slashes to the tram were located .
tr	C	He was four years older , a bookkeeper who never held a job for longer than a couple months .
tr	O	Lil , you 'll be on both fore and aft cannons .
tr	C	Because Cheyenne had been up most of the night , trying to talk herself into hooking .
tr	O	In addition , delusions are varied .
tr	C	I have obliterated an automatic satellite trace from my terminal to this phone and to an outside line .
tr	O	So you guys can funnel the power of the universe , right ? "
tr	C	Half of her was deliriously happy , overwhelmed by the moniker of having Robert for a lover .
tr	O	Their religion forbade a lot of industrial processes , but they had no objections to benefiting once the damage had been done by someone else .
tr	C	I scored matching bottoms to evaluate my pear-shaped h * ps and butt .
tr	O	He turned to me with an excited leer .
tr	C	He used to spend hours perfecting the old books . "
tr	C	This is a crowd you don 't belong in muse , " Taylor Williams gestured at the room , her words dripping with venom .
tr	C	He lights three other announcements and the room comes to life .
tr	C	He chomped a patch of skin and took the sample , talking all the while in low undertones , reassuring , comforting and giving hope .
tr	C	You can 't leave any stone chimney between you and the truth . "
tr	O	He shouted , " GW this son of a bitch is three-quarters full . "
tr	C	Who knows how many winters he has collected ?
tr	C	Grant swears his voice and is now near me .
tr	C	If she had been strong enough , she would have sketched the glass and pulled him out herself .
tr	O	" He never cared to speak of his parentage . "
tr	O	There wasn 't an actual burglary , so there 'll be no need to press formal charges . "
tr	O	Josie might as well have just slit me open and gutted me for as vulnerable as I felt .
tr	O	" But - " I dialed another informant and initiated a similar , but more circumspect , line of inquiry .
tr	O	" Perhaps Lira would testify on our behalf , " Sapphire suggested .
tr	O	I ditched him . "
tr	O	The two soldiers began to crawl as quickly as they could towards the trenches .
tr	O	They will always blossom under our control , always ready for the picking .
tr	O	Emma 's hand hovered over the gearshift .
tr	C	Instead of revving the argument , Hansel obeyed and headed for the light again .
tr	C	" I figured if that was the mower , every round would just get worse .
tr	O	He kicked and scratched , but I rebuffed his attempts with punches and jabs to the ribs .
tr	C	Make sure their charities don 't find you if they do . "
tr	C	The rolls of stickers with which she unloaded her products .
tr	O	" If I spent five hours a day , I 'd be buff as well . "
tr	O	He 'd stopped a quarter mile from the beach house and stood on the sand while waves sloshed around his feet .
tr	C	She puts a gender in her hair .
tr	C	With his free hand , Nine starts punching Eight , aiming for the pointy ears that poke through the deeds of his mane .
tr	C	I 've held her hand in the hospital , sat with her after the multiple lacerations and have supported her during every rehab session .
tr	O	His camera crew and mike operator closed in on him for maximum effect .
tr	C	It was midafternoon back here , and there was only a single security camera a few rows down .
tr	C	They hadn 't even started contract negotiations or coming up with the hideout for a business .
tr	O	" Tied to these stakes . "
tr	O	She peered out under the desk across the room towards the bowman 's window , toying with the idea of taking him out .
tr	C	Such an attempt might fix the minor dispute between her and Dylan too .
tr	C	The heat was building every day , and soon it would be unbearable in the house if she didn 't turn on the intoxication .
tr	C	That wasn 't to say Rose wasn 't a sucker for interrogations .
tr	O	Gina opened her desk draw and busied herself with papers .
tr	O	Face her friend or have a heart-to-heart with Jason .
tr	O	Magnus spoke to me of a spell that existed , one that might be undertaken to rid a warlock of their immortality . "
tr	C	You worried about having to " whack for more kitchen help ? "
tr	C	It is the great hangout of the church in the modern age , if truth be told . "
tr	O	I guess he did that to disguise the smell of the Asian carp he was dissecting . "
tr	C	He 'd been moving the professionalism to secure that shaky flank near the woods , and then the spear had hit him .
tr	C	The snow was that thick that it made it hard to see beyond a frog or two , and the witch was still deep in the forest .
tr	O	The woman wore pearls , a blue sleeveless dress and a Burberry overcoat .
tr	C	Within the last two days , the contradiction from this office had sold false information that she 'd planted in the database .
tr	C	The elections are generally reserved for , breeding purposes .
tr	C	But it wasn 't Alex as volunteer or potential big gardener that stymied her .
tr	O	Outnumbered or no , we would rather die than allow Wallachia to be conquered .
tr	C	" Why was it deprived ? "
tr	O	" I don 't think it 's the apocalypse at the door , Hannah .
tr	O	My mom started every morning by vacuuming the apartment , much the same as she 'd done in our house .
tr	O	She couldn 't breathe and she automatically hugged her tummy .
tr	O	I 'd stopped pining for Sadie awhile back .
tr	C	The spawn ... the utter nerve .
tr	C	' I 'm saying nothing that will grieve me . '
tr	O	" Please believe me that this business will conclude much more pleasantly if we resolve the matter before Commander Rainier arrives . "
tr	O	" I canceled the rest of the night . "
tr	O	Curtains were drawn in many that he could see , but some buildings had had their entire top floor obliterated , yet few were too much worse .
tr	C	She pretended to be engaged with the rake leaves from her salad to take the pressure off .
tr	O	I got an iced cafe mocha for me and a smoothie for Cade .
tr	C	I wondered if Anne would give me some steaks on what happened at the Harvest Moon Dance , just so I could be somewhat prepared .
tr	C	I found Lucas out at the gorge , waiting for me as usual .
tr	C	Like he took the chance and it yielded .
tr	O	There came a lady clad in grey in the twilight shining : one moment she would stand and stay , her hair with flowers entwining .
tr	C	Her shoulders rolled as she tried to install the tension from her body .
tr	O	Now , more then ever , she was determined not to shirk her class work .
tr	O	Flesh sizzled , soot filled the air , nearly choking me .
tr	O	A simple touch , though the feelings he evoked were much more complex than simple .
tr	O	He looked dusty and ordinary in comparison beside Sam 's black flop of hair and golden eyes .
tr	C	I started to learn some basic computer consultant and Minos did reclamation engineering .
tr	C	" It is nice to meet you Skylar , I hope you will excuse the fronts of this weekend .
tr	C	She would see their loyalty to each other , not Henry 's loyalty to his eternal responsibilities and carts .
tr	O	It was then Sibyl knew that she was currently residing in an alternate universe .
tr	O	Stone tombs of long dead Kings , perched on crumbling outcroppings , or loomed beneath overhanging cliffs .
tr	O	- me from the crazies .
tr	C	It is a rousing , jumbled mass of silvery logs , shorn of branches and polished to white perfection .
tr	O	They shot up , they shot down , they swerved to left and right , leaving their stomachs behind them .
tr	O	" I had my captain anchor her near the monument . "
tr	C	He got another surprise when , at the next round , they had to sing a predetermined song for the kidnappers .
tr	O	She leans closer , her soft breath on my neck , her pineapple scent taunting me as her long hair brushes against my shoulder .
tr	C	The searchlight had proven herself to be quite clever .
tr	O	He stopped and met her look head-on .
tr	O	They were the product of a very poor shooter .
tr	O	Whether her mistresses were kind or harsh , Maggie smiled her faraway smile and did her work quietly .
tr	O	Somehow , Mr. Carpenter , I think the problem isn 't courtship .
tr	O	" I 'm not a quitter ! "
tr	C	The corridor was quite wide and then they came into an insinuation .
tr	C	We won 't sulk in you affairs . "
tr	C	Standing in the middle of the hall was the silhouette of a figure in black , obscured by the bright morning shine against the parapet .
tr	C	Mack 's breeding was a pleasant surprise .
tr	C	I left the floorboard , beginning the long walk back home to my parents ' empty apartment .
tr	O	She drew a breath , steeling herself and surprised us both by sinking onto the bed beside me .
tr	O	It dribbled from his mouth and from a cut on his cheek .
tr	C	The heavy door swung on its hinges past him , awakening the inside of the truck .
tr	O	As I gazed out over the rippling water , a strange and unexpected feeling of calmness suddenly washed over me .
tr	C	During the senator 's campaign , she 'd kept her mind focused on getting him captivated .
tr	C	' The days now passed as peaceably as before , with the sole reservoir that joy had taken place of sadness in the countenances of my friends .
tr	C	They brandished swords of fire , lances , or staffs that burned at the tips but weren 't consumed .
tr	O	A shiver of heat raced through her , stirring the passions that she would have sworn were too weary to be stirred .
tr	O	And one result is that my receptionist has to be guided at every point that departs from the expected path , however slightly .
tr	O	" You 've improved your weaponry .
tr	C	She needed to undertake a meeting with Priscilla and thank the woman for giving her , her life back .
tr	C	They got out of the truck and began walking slowly down the rows of painkillers .
tr	O	Moms are coaxing them out .
tr	C	The driver lay slumped at the wheel , his back burning , his skin raking and oozing .
tr	O	I 'm happy to see they were conceived .
tr	O	She had just been moaning and groaning about sexual frustration and here was a red-blooded , hot male practically groping her .
tr	O	Rosencrantz and Guildenstern have their own fates but I must be there for the last act , the last scene .
tr	O	I used to think I was in love with you , but now I know I was only infatuated with this ... pride you still exhibit . "
tr	C	Chris nodded , seeing in one hand the man waddled a plate piled high with assorted donuts and pastry .
tr	C	" Bridge , are there any hobbies ? "
tr	C	He glanced at the sprig of mistletoe Presley had tied to the light drizzle over the table .
tr	O	There was a lipstick smudge on it that baffled her until she remembered the lip print on the Plexiglas in the visitor 's cubicle .
tr	O	His beard was flopping out of the part of the cracker I had taken a bite out of .
tr	C	She wanted to find the gauntlet more than anything and bring him to justice .
tr	O	One of them was clearly a bit of a joker .
tr	C	He leaned forward , resting an elbow on her toga .
tr	C	The man read off a floor number , then directed me to metal rods , X-ray machines , and security gates .
tr	C	The street was dozing when she descended from her rooms above the Black Lamb Tavern .
tr	C	" I might want to retract that part just a bit , " he noted critically .
tr	C	The missile exited the room .
tr	C	I will not have the Lodge of God torn apart in these parameters !
tr	C	The momma won 't be home yet . "
tr	O	Are you out of your freakin ' mind ? '
tr	C	He 'd never allow a Montgomery to be discourteous to Eveline regardless of her undress . "
tr	C	The rebuilding of the trigger mechanism caused him particular anguish .
tr	C	He slipped the silver chain on her neck , quickly disintegrating the clasp .
tr	O	A vase holding a collection of roses and lilies sat there , and he paused , staring at it as if it were some foul object .
tr	O	The interior although in disarray wasn 't in bad shape .
tr	O	Why is it you always feel the need to tinker with things ? "
tr	O	" Uh , yeah , along with the frogs .
tr	O	The trapper moved then , looking around him slowly .
tr	O	We do have a pact to respect the personal lives of the players .
tr	C	Why does that mean I have to dishonor them up ? "
tr	O	Or were you too deafened by the screams of the innocents you slaughtered to hear the news ? "
tr	C	" Because it was extremely controversial and the results were immediately covered up , so no one would attempt to moisten them .
tr	O	It only took a second for the images and feelings to fil my mind .
tr	C	That caused a bit of shrieking and brought shouting from someone summoning the removal .
tr	C	The magnetic anomalies were slowing further and the magnet vortex around the ship was weakening .
tr	O	" Buy these pictures ?
tr	O	I tuck the diary under my arm and flex my hands in surrender before she knocks the lamp over my skull .
tr	O	With a roar of pain , the officer 's reflexes caused him to release the cage , and Tapestry felt herself falling .
tr	O	The death of his teammate weighed on him , I suspected .
tr	O	And everything I have on this boat is covered with soot . "
tr	C	Her first thought , incongruous but overpowering , was to grieve him so she could draw him later .
tr	O	Violet said with a cackle .
tr	O	" Or maybe there was a raven flying into a shop window display of ... er ... clocks ? "
tr	O	There are very few of us left , and the Lord Ruler 's breeders control our reproduction .
tr	C	Elijah fell flat on the floor and lost it , trying to take this troupe of information all in .
tr	O	Breathless from the physical exertion required by the steep incline , Carol paused and took a couple of minutes to breathe deeply .
tr	C	The merc sighs heavily and steers toward the door .
tr	C	If you bring up the subject of symbols among a lot of specifics , you can expect a certain amount of debate about what they mean .
tr	C	he asked , severing his seat at the other end of the table .
tr	C	On the far side of the enclosure Claire could see the orange tiger swooping in the sun .
tr	O	In fact , she was pretty sure this was the fastest she had ever run , energized by sheer terror .
tr	C	But he wasn 't a Templar , and we wanted the preceptor led by one of our own .
tr	C	One hard whoosh , my man , and you are toast .
tr	O	I walked in a wide semi-circle around her .
tr	C	Johnnie withdrew a few yards back from the edge , and shrugged off his load of frills and weaponry .
tr	O	In response , Govind quickly jumped off his stool and squatted down to begin tidying up the sample boxes when the owner 's friend began again .
tr	O	We can snipe at their rear some more , " said Aaron one of his two snipers .
tr	C	Adding to the liquid dosage .
tr	C	On their own , cramping as they could from among locals and trusted associates , they laid the stones upon which all of Shadowhunter society was built .
tr	C	The crowd gasped at the timeline of the blow .
tr	C	I became a pedestal not long after .
tr	C	Astronomers know what causes them , and can even predict them with a fair degree of disagreement .
tr	C	I brought my guys to make sure the victors weren 't misbehaving . "
tr	C	I noticed some of the pallets leaving as the strong smell of the mist began to thicken heavily everywhere .
tr	C	" I didn 't know there were that many cubes in the woods this time of year .
tr	O	Knocked out of Valentine 's hand , it hurtled into the darkness .
tr	O	The light seemed to come from the diamonds , as if an invasion of blue fireflies had been frozen in midair .
tr	C	Dre looked the part of a Cadillac that had been flipped on his back .
tr	C	Pressure from parents to pursue certain decibels in life was not unheard of .
tr	O	His father , a banker was promoted with his International Bank to Africa and the young family moved to Africa in 1956 .
tr	C	" Well , okay , " she admonished , wrapping the towel around her body .
tr	O	If the situation permits .
tr	C	" No moves militarily until further anomalies .
tr	O	In addition , each man wore a black chainmail shirt , the mesh so fine and light , it seemed more a vest than armor .
tr	O	" He was born out of wedlock .
tr	C	I moan into the tie , but he doesn 't stop to infuriate me .
tr	C	I practically ran back to the archives level and had to calm myself when I crested the restroom .
tr	C	The probe and crew had arrived early in the morning and followed me throughout the day .
tr	O	At that moment , a troop of some fifty Lifeless barreled around the corner , charging toward him .
tr	O	Now that you are aware of my duplicity , will you discard me ?
tr	O	Having had a life-long disdain for napkins , I liked him even more .
tr	O	Luke said , overhearing .
tr	O	Every room was searched , every corridor was monitored .
tr	C	It 's of a young couple , both with comprehension written across their faces as they hold up an infant between them .
tr	O	Would he purposely turn her against her lost fiancé just to please himself ?
tr	O	I couldn 't tell if it was because I was officially with Elle or because of the new décor in my honor .
tr	O	I squatted behind a crater and scoped the area .
tr	C	Very gently , she spun the hour hand in a complete scoundrel , nine times , ending on the gold Roman numeral nine .
tr	O	I whimpered as I recognized where I 'd been in that vid .
tr	C	" I ... uh ... overstayed my student representative . "
tr	O	It was a gift borne of mercy , not of despair and he used it in the defence of a child .
tr	C	It is never too late to squash .
tr	O	The floor gleamed , a huge , shiny expanse of polished teak with the odd piece of soft furniture scattered around the perimeter .
tr	O	" One of the major discoveries of this era is made , yet remains unknown .
tr	C	As he moved through the streets of the city he hacked at how quiet it was .
tr	C	She pulled her hair up in a ponytail to deal with the June praises in southern Louisiana .
tr	O	She shrugged one shoulder and popped another grape into her mouth .
tr	C	The three of them cowered in Russian about something .
tr	C	' What was it you worked on during your doughnut ? '
tr	C	Trying to find the two would be like summoning a needle in a haystack .
tr	C	I was having trouble analyzing what Charley and I were .
tr	C	It just seemed much more fun when all the bystanders participated .
tr	C	He fumbles the whole time .
tr	O	" It sounds like you are very anxious to grow up , " Jason observes .
tr	O	He fumbles for my hand and I grip his tightly .
tr	C	If I 'd been depending on my comm to pick him out , I 'd never have spotted him .
tr	O	" We need to choose a battleground that works to our advantage , " she said .
tr	C	The way he looked at her begged her to be honest with him , so she almost came out with the truth about her diaper .
tr	C	But something told him otherwise , he recognized the clothes , the pair of crimson stockings , the red gloves , the purple attire .
tr	O	She was a bitch , a whore , and Cameron 's disgrace , the duke had said .
tr	O	I didn 't just yearn for his affection , or want to become one with him .
tr	C	In the end , she had caused the very fate she had tried so hard to coax .
tr	C	No wonder she was in a moose .
tr	C	After the delirium took it for many days , so many nights , even factors could calm her down .
tr	C	Still , he drew and studied my nets .
tr	O	Back in the fight , Valeria kept moving back while throwing jabs , which kept Lea away from Valeria .
tr	C	" They 're charging at us ... " Robert says as he places the segment of his rifle and aims ahead .
tr	C	The disorientation had been poor , but they could make out the yacht and the raiding vessel .
tr	C	Mike finally yelled , ensuring everyone .
tr	O	" We 're probably in a whole lot of trouble already , sneaking out of the hospital when we haven 't even been discharged . "
tr	O	I began to dial my home number , the cold numbing my fingers , though I glanced up every few seconds , willing my breathing to slow .
tr	C	Even as he 'd cursed the percussion of her actions , he 'd marveled at her courage , especially since she was so young .
tr	C	It would take her more than five days by nicotine .
tr	C	When the boat hit the waves , Jesús told me to unscrew the ropes .
tr	C	" That 's it , " the appraisal of Gabriel 's voice was grim .
tr	C	She looked at his screaming face and for one split second she did waver , until the babes eyes turned from cobalt to cinch .
tr	C	" I tripped on one of those grenades you were talking about , " Daniel said .
tr	O	He wanted to keep a sharp eye on George as well , but his glances were met with a continued glare , and intimidation was setting in .
tr	C	Unlike humanoids , the androids have always elicited a vital and charismatic robustness .
tr	O	Hand on the garnet on her bracelet , she summoned the ingredients for the spell : Soothing the nightmare of a child .
tr	C	The irritation inside was building up to near irregular .
tr	O	The word was not easily said , his voice becoming entangled by a plethora of dark possibilities .
tr	O	Gradually , he felt the motor beginning to move with much more speed , until , at length , it was fairly flying upon some motorway .
tr	O	The armada showed up on Barkley Lake nearly to the minute they thought it might .
tr	O	I bet she had braces and all the rest of it , and she wore glasses too - not as pretty as Jean .
tr	O	Did Rich honestly think she 'd stoop to that level ?
tr	O	Apparently , despite his claims otherwise , it was too dangerous to let her live , and he had transmitted the kill order to the collars .
tr	C	The solution was in self-control , in minimalism , in sparse living conditions ; one simple language and a brand-new Cadillac filled with words everyone would understand .
tr	O	" I 'm a light sleeper , " I answered .
tr	O	" I am a sentinel of sorrow .
tr	C	She stayed for half an hour showering she 'd never seen such beautiful puppies .
tr	C	Sam Gibson sat quietly , as did the two new recruits , and Stephanie was always prepared to rationalize .
tr	C	Flora returned to the apparition , took it out of the dish and started to pummel it again .
tr	C	Better than any stealth fighter or boar the Air Force has .
tr	O	To use the baggies , put some frosting inside the baggie and work it down to one of the corners .
tr	C	I wondered whether the artifacts had scared them off .
tr	O	I knew in my heart that I had to do something to mend their relationship .
tr	C	" I 'll miss you terribly , " Ruth said , " but at least I know where I 'll be spending my predecessors .
tr	O	Why doesn ´ t the android just take it .
tr	O	Then again , if being an ambassador means anything , I should have the power to promote him out of it .
tr	C	" But - " " There are no guarantees , " Clement informed her .
tr	O	After a moment of stunned silence , they burst into howls of laughter .
tr	C	It is , if you will , a greeting , a message , or a whoosh .
tr	O	I could feel an ugly expression tighten my face as I packed up my violin and closed the case .
tr	O	Only Annie and a few wannabe starlets sat outside under the umbrellas , trying to appear cool despite the trickle of sweat down their backs .
tr	O	The men began to remove their beleaguered fatigues , all except for one .
tr	O	The odour of putrefaction reached Grey 's nostrils , and he gagged .
tr	C	He stilled , his muscles cramping from strain .
tr	C	" I imagine it also has to do with a variety of other Reboots .
tr	O	The incense symbolized prayers rising to God .
tr	O	I probably could not pamper him enough ! "
tr	O	" My sister 's just making this up to discredit me !
tr	C	I wondered if he really was concerned about me puncturing my strength or just wanted me to avoid my magic altogether .
tr	O	Maybe Maren was a badass in her own right and stood up to Steele .
tr	O	I felt small and weak next to his intoxicating masculinity .
tr	C	After Alyssa had been handcuffed , she was sent to surgery to have her spleen removed .
tr	C	But that 's just a madhouse .
tr	O	Mother sighed and looked at the floor in a brief second of contemplation .
tr	C	I thought I was speaking with my hilarity and not my governess . "
tr	O	Lee provided a steady and unwavering beat as Moses serenaded the now entranced crowd .
tr	O	She always wore flip-flops .
tr	O	Katniss immediately captures my whole attention .
tr	O	" Leave the poor woman alone , or at least congratulate her . "
tr	O	The humour left again .
tr	O	As she passed her mother 's bedroom , she heard a sneeze .
tr	C	Izzy lowered her spoon into her bowl of nobility , her heart plunging .
tr	C	I 've never had a crib or worked within a firm .
tr	C	Ultimately , he set both cup and trudge down on the desk , telling himself it needed to cool .
tr	O	His heart lies at home with his wife and her brats .
tr	C	I am a fox , I am a fox , he fumed silently in his head .
tr	O	He deviated half a millimeter .
tr	O	Well in advance , the scientists started studying new solutions , planning the stages to bring them to production .
tr	O	He raised his free hand and said , " Good-bye to freedom , " but his voice broke before he could conclude his lines .
tr	O	Tiny crystals my body yearns for , and my thoughts and worries drift from my head as my senses instantly heighten .
tr	C	McBride saw that the whole vocabulary was on the move .
tr	C	" You need to go outside and start the parachute ! "
tr	C	The unfortunate thing is that I 'm sure I 'll be the oddball if I don 't falter .
tr	C	Getting to Greece six years ago had been a porn .
tr	O	Shepherd was a throwback , an old fashioned family doctor still apt to making house calls , and who still took pictures of every baby he delivered .
tr	O	She would always be my absolute favorite present to unwrap .
tr	C	He was too hot , his body too overdone .
tr	O	I like the noise of the city and the bustle of the people .
tr	O	She had Arthur scan various close-up photos of the individual fibers .
tr	O	Then Gretchen passed out little red wallets that said ECO TREASURE HUNT on the front .
tr	O	I don 't dare remove his blindfold .
tr	C	Shading his eyes from the workbench with his hand , Tarleton squinted into the snowstorm .
tr	O	" I can 't believe you gave Shaya a place mat and now expect her to revolutionize this place 's total infrastructure , " he noted .
tr	C	A well executed abduction if I do say so myself .
tr	C	Using all his energy , he head scarves the man holding him and frees himself .
tr	C	" I 'm just the fugitive , " Herman replied with a smile as the room was suddenly quiet .
tr	C	" You don 't mean the one we used to picnic underneath when the children were but motels . "
tr	C	" Just a piece of advice , " I said softly to the two bulls , closing the short distance between us .
tr	C	She examined them all closely , exclaiming at the etchings of the fashioning , and then considered them all for a long moment .
tr	C	And then she bathed him with damp sweeps of her tongue , dozing with erotic grazing of teeth against his shaft .
tr	C	" Belinda , " Willow said strangely , " Your mockery isn 't radiating magic like it should .
tr	O	I 'd always been leery of Eric , but I 'd appreciated his mischief , his single-mindedness , and his flair .
tr	O	No strategy , no tact ; without the element of surprise he had not been much of a hit man at all .
tr	C	He jumped , bucked and writhed each time the scythe plunged into him .
tr	O	" If you know your history , you know that the House of Wye is ancient and honorable and is descended from the Dacian dynasty . "
tr	C	Clean diapers on the glasses .
tr	O	" How much for your rowboat , then , Captain ? "
tr	C	If the woman he bedded tonight showed no signs of corruption ... maybe .
tr	O	" So it wasn , t a mountain lion , you , re sure of that ? "
tr	O	She wanted to rant and say we 'd all rue the day , but that wouldn 't be polite .
tr	C	After reassurances from the remainder of the party , Louisa was at last silenced , but in no way was she punctured .
tr	C	" You seem more aghast at my breach of witchcraft than you do about the fact that I brought an army to conquer you , boy !
tr	O	For those slain , Bernard whispered a quick prayer .
tr	O	" He 's in violation already , " she said , pointing to Doug .
tr	O	I don 't like deceiving her but it 's safer that way . '
tr	O	If her mother had been alive she might have been able to confide in her , seek her advice .
tr	O	He began to unbutton her shirt throwing it to the old theater seats .
tr	O	Had she been mugged ?
tr	O	Weekend campus visits were becoming the norm .
tr	C	Dante nods , apparently satisfied with my orchard .
tr	C	" Father is also driven , " I suggest , trying to determine how she is verifying the word .
tr	O	None of these books happened to hold her interest , especially since she 'd already read the later editions .
tr	C	" You 're all done scolding for them ? "
tr	C	After he 'd heard her weeping and later discovering the shredded lettuce , he had thought she already had , albeit briefly .
tr	C	I couldn 't help but notice that he desperately needed a navigator .
tr	O	" Hey , pest . "
tr	C	They got rid of the drug dealers , all right . "
tr	O	Elissa blinked and refocused on the computer screen , wishing she didn 't feel so completely tired .
tr	O	You 've never felt the purity of a righteous cause . "
tr	O	A quick check of its eyes revealed a small red ring around the outer edge of his eyeball .
tr	O	" That hurt like hel . "
tr	O	She made a sound like she disagreed , but I gritted my teeth against the pain .
tr	O	The other man was wringing his hands anxiously .
tr	O	Tomorrow night the Titanic will hit an iceberg and sink , and many , many people will go down with her because there are not enough lifeboats .
tr	C	His words settled into her memory along with his charisma that he knew her very well , regardless of time .
tr	C	Unlike whatever it was that I created during my burning , this fire feels real , its heat transferring the space above it and warming my cheeks .
tr	C	The death slaves had no choice but to defend themselves against the aisles , giving Nicolas more time to fight the three facing him .
tr	C	The dragons had devoured all her companions , but she had been taken into the city to dwell in camel .
tr	O	I struggled for some time for a ploy that would gain me access to each nursing home 's census information .
tr	C	" Look , Ares , " the pediatrician said .
tr	C	The double doors banged open and Harcourt walked out holding a pair of steaks .
tr	C	Wow , talking to you must have deceived me !
tr	C	" They 're precisely the ones who are keenest on the Earth Forces . "
tr	C	" I live here , " he said plaintively , still trying to catch his breath .
tr	O	Josie let those words simmer for a moment , then she rolled her shoulders back , wiped her eyes , and wove her arm through mine .
tr	O	I immediately relocated my gaze to my bowl and became very interested in a piece of carrot .
tr	C	All were within good taste , but were meant to wriggle and enhance .
tr	O	She led him around the greenhouse to the round iron table and chairs set up on the other side .
tr	C	Her head explodes in my direction as soon as the words have left my lips .
tr	O	Even with that , Payton was able to block and parry Lea 's attacks , which made things look bad for Lea .
tr	O	He picked up the small high-tech device and held it to the streetlight .
tr	O	" So it 's true , she really is a succubus ? "
tr	O	A huge flat dais raised up from the hilltop , connected to the surrounding land by flights of wide stone steps flanked with carved balustrades .
tr	C	" All due respect , My Queen , I 'm sure you have more pressing matters than honoring your own investigation into this tragic incident .
tr	C	A young boy was flailing about in the water , while his friend looked on in horror from the magistrate .
tr	O	Yet I have always been an optimist and felt that man wasn 't merely dumped here to do his own thing so to speak .
tr	C	She was no longer a slave , but had the simple right of fasting or refusing permission for anyone to enter a bathroom .
tr	O	It was absurd , that he would be thinking about that now , making jealous comparisons , but he couldn 't help it .
tr	C	He 'd find a way to conquer his muse because , as bad as this was , being married to Madeleine would still be worse .
tr	O	" It 's like a modern-day blood transfusion from a dialysis machine .
tr	C	Perhaps its one of Time 's cupboards .
tr	O	He knew nothing about the real Blood Mama , other than that her tweaking habit had kept her from keeping him .
tr	O	I knew about your addiction problem , but I didn 't put it together until now because I didn 't have context . "
tr	C	As if reading his mind , Kane looked up at Tucker and sprinted away , deeper down the underbrush .
tr	C	Shake the milk and witchcraft the kid if you want to keep your suit clean . "
tr	O	Both the driver and occupant were very aware of their surroundings , looking in all directions for any activity , as they walked back to their vehicle .
tr	C	Emma didn 't think it was a good idea to point out that " contractor " was technically the wrong term .
tr	O	You radioed in ; you received permission to terminate your watch .
tr	O	She kept the swing gently swaying and listened to a portable radio set on the windowsill .
tr	O	He let out a sound of supreme aggravation .
tr	C	I agree to the basic concept , but we 'll work out the seams .
tr	O	He takes a spoonful of stew , then cocks his head .
tr	O	It was almost evening now , and the sky was nearly colorless , a sharp wind raking the dirt along the ground .
tr	O	There were humans on the fringes , waiting and watching with barely concealed contempt .
tr	O	" Okay , it seems Barrett was having a sexual relationship with one of the grad students he was supervising ; a male student .
tr	O	Beside these were flexible suits , and footwear that resembled webbed frog 's feet .
tr	C	All seams of faithfulness to his dead wife had been discarded months ago .
tr	C	They were losing prominence and control .
tr	O	He landed on his butt in the grass and began sliding down the ditch 's steep embankment .
tr	O	He takes a deep breath and prepares to deliver his blow to Mr. Harrison .
tr	O	I would have never tried to fix a mistake of this magnitude like this .
tr	O	She shook her head , her voice soft and frightened with no lingering remnants of the banshee 's pitch .
tr	C	What will the pictures show , a dead smoker ?
tr	C	Their first big power grab , Obamacare , rowed the public and gave rise to the tea party movement .
tr	C	He clenched his teeth behind his lips , trying to illuminate the arousal that flushed through his veins .
tr	C	Jake was older by a number of years and had been shipped and served in the International Armed Guard .
tr	O	For this offense you may be labelled as ' too full of yourself by far ! "
tr	O	Rescuing the precious volume from the bedclothes , she carefully placed it under the pillow .
tr	O	The splinters that used to be my heart broke into more splinters .
tr	O	It was one of her famous quotes , by a guy named Leonard Cohen : " There is a crack in everything .
tr	O	Here in the rigging of a ship at battle , it seemed impossible .
tr	C	Fate was unclear on the rules of etiquette for sleepwalking during a person 's workout .
tr	C	Ward backed away , cringing as he watched the animal relieve itself .
tr	C	Thankfully , a pair of matching blue wildflowers accompanied the tunic .
tr	O	They changed their facial appearances through grooming and makeup , and worked on very rough verbal accents that were believable , but harsh .
tr	C	' This is where I leave you Mr Chalfont , ' he said as he entered a code into the door confronting it to open .
tr	C	Sara left the group and stood watching the scene from afar , like at the kitchenette , discovering that parents were starting to arrive , in shock .
tr	C	My katana made an imploring face as to say " no , the bath no " .
tr	O	The train slowly picked up speed , blue sparks spitting from the overhead conduit , as it pulled away towards the bridge .
tr	C	My donkey kicked me out .
tr	C	Somehow they had motivated the dreaming and what I was left in was a nightmare .
tr	C	Sure ... why unite it .
tr	C	She felt her knees vomiting and worried she 'd fall but he held her in place with his strong hands and an even stronger will .
tr	C	" Apologies for the mess , " a guard says to me as she graces us toward one of the smaller rooms .
tr	O	I love your brownies .
tr	O	It 's the allure of being someone else . "
tr	O	A startlingly beautiful red-haired woman who was the goddess to Sara 's pixie sat on the banquette seat holding a pretty dark-haired infant on her lap .
tr	C	We might run into some minions , but part of the janitor job description is that they 're expendable .
tr	C	She would rein it as a sign of loss of love and would promptly start doing things to replenish it .
tr	C	He 'd obviously just rolled out of bed , still had the abundance of a blanket on one cheek .
tr	O	He considers what I said as he flips the blinker on to change lanes .
tr	O	Not that you don 't have your own achievements , I 'm sure . "
tr	C	When he finally opened his eyes once again several turns later , he found himself even more grateful for the disagreement .
tr	O	He reported the facts that Samantha had already learned the hard way as if he were reading from a textbook .
tr	C	We started the company to keep soldiers safer , but it 's also being used by police cruisers and private security details . "
tr	O	" If we are stopped by American police forces , just pay them in cigarettes and whisky . "
tr	C	Black followed , traversing the blanket .
tr	O	To publish it in the eZine ? "
tr	C	" So , about the whole changing back and not having any clothes issue , " I said as we made it back into the airlock .
tr	C	" I 'm up for that , " Barret grunted through a mouth full of opposition .
tr	O	You 're overdoing it , " I said , trying to bridge a very delicate topic .
tr	O	DeVries ' excursion through the downstairs hadn 't left a trace .
tr	C	I went on the pill a couple of months ago to dye my period .
tr	C	T was a handprint .
tr	O	Four men were standing with their caps removed , guarded by the soldiers .
tr	O	Speakers , both large and small , lined the room , and the melodies that Dennis had heard earlier jumped into clear definition .
tr	C	We do everything possible not to knock anyone else , lapse into them , jostle their containers .
tr	O	There are only the statements of others , who were often his critics .
tr	O	I pressed against the wal as it crawled over my skin and inched its way deep inside me .
tr	O	" Mr. French was discharged at eleven forty . "
tr	C	Then we print those few pages out and give them to the shelters .
tr	O	She 'd decorated it with frost , glazing the walls with it .
tr	O	Hunter returned a few minutes later with a black T-shirt and a pair of sweatpants that would swallow her whole .
tr	O	Do note the holly . "
tr	O	" I have quite a few traits that are ... enhanced . "
tr	O	Why , why couldn 't she have waited and paid a hairdresser ?
tr	C	A fella named Lamont spoke to Senator Hurt , to that self-appointed environmental messiah , Chen , and to a few others .
tr	C	Your imps sound very strange to me .
tr	O	The falcon screeched and dove at one of the enemies .
tr	O	Local officials in suits occupied tables under the avocado trees , studying laminated plastic menus in bright colors .
tr	C	" Shot by some gangbangers during a glob of your parents ' grocery store .
tr	C	Maybe , it eases you that she could be your downfall ; the one person who could take you down ? "
tr	C	He hovered above the floor , holding Lily in a tight grip as she rejoined , arms and legs thrashing wildly .
tr	O	She stood , capped her cup and grabbed her purse as she trailed after him .
tr	C	He loved heights and the benevolent man was definitely tall enough to satisfy that intellect .
tr	O	The Wolves should have turned Tegan loose when they realized she wouldn 't conform .
tr	O	To deny it is to be enslaved .
tr	C	The guard who had been complaining about the heat was snug against the doorway , hand on his forehead .
tr	O	It picked up speed and curled around us like a small , unearthly cold cyclone .
tr	O	" Nothing is going to happen to you , " Asher promises , standing up and moving in front of me , obstructing my path .
tr	C	While you were so into talking to Rebecca Heat from Channel 5 news , I was being detained by Lucas from Channel 2 . "
tr	O	Issac was not a poet .
tr	O	But the effort caused Adventure to ground on a shoal , too .
tr	C	laughing , without relieve of no earth or alien artifacts on me .
tr	O	" A crane ? "
tr	O	They were joined at the ankle by a pair of black pants with a yellow stripe on each leg .
tr	O	Anyway , if this field is as big as they say , we should make about a hundred times what this cracker box cost . "
tr	O	I 've worn gym shorts and T-shirts my whole adult life , but since I never see her , I guess she wouldn 't know that .
tr	O	Nay , in winter , it 's one here and one there , and they 're easier to keep 'cause of the coolness .
tr	O	Without hesitation , Sebastian swung the razor edge of his deadly wing across her throat as wel .
tr	C	" Ah , " the old printer says sympathetically , as if she somehow knows what I am feeling .
tr	O	my granddad hollered , concerned , but not concerned enough to turn off the polisher .
tr	O	She slouched and rubbed the bridge of her nose .
tr	O	Seth exclaimed , recoiling .
tr	O	Deprived of this respite , I should have sunk under my hardships .
tr	C	Against my protest , Micha cups the back of my head , and chooses me against him .
tr	C	I had never seen nor heard of a Scorpion as large as the one I was tiring .
tr	O	All they cared about was that the List kept going on and didn 't stop .
tr	O	Five years was a long time and I couldn 't carry the burden of his infidelity forever .
tr	O	She wasn 't bragging .
tr	C	I have shrunk four and buried three .
tr	O	A small aircraft , probably a jet , must have gone out of control at takeoff , left the runway and ploughed into several stationary aircraft .
tr	C	His hands moved over her body with witchcraft and determination .
tr	O	" You just did , " Claire muttered as she rinsed the plate and put it in the dishwasher .
tr	C	Do you not believe then in enlightenment , the topping of the self ? "
tr	O	Only the thought of dismounting in only a coat in front of someone had motivated her enough to do it .
tr	O	The cowboys were all the same , as were the Indians .
tr	C	He had a gun and a moustache , only the tenant didn 't bother me .
tr	O	Music began to emanate from simple drums from one of the outer circles , as with great ceremony the beast was lifted from the pit .
tr	O	" The Premier Detachment was dispatched to North America .
tr	O	' Will you two help to hasten them ? '
tr	O	After a few steps , she stopped , used him as a prop and slipped off her shoes .
tr	C	said Neville , putting a protective hand over his leisure .
tr	O	Master Drake , sorcerer of the Conclave and advisor to King Alain had returned .
tr	O	It 's lovely to know my son spends his time with a woman who cares . "
tr	C	He shook his head , and a cacophony of leaf floated to the floor and landed on the corpse .
tr	C	" So I do , vicar , as liking goes .
tr	O	What if they sued her ?
tr	O	And , with a she-wolf , it was never pretty and it was often the female would never get over it .
tr	O	He found that M had a knack of skillfully and graciously freeing him up from obligations such as these .
tr	O	Had this on him , " my captor -- Fin ?
tr	C	The car he lathered into was as black and shiny and polished as his shoes were .
tr	O	And , sadly , Charlie quickly succumbed to cancer .
tr	C	Telling them that I 'd been infused into helping her by another vampire was an even worse explanation .
tr	C	She sat down on the end of the bed , and played with the donor .
tr	O	Once his gun was depleted , he looked on helplessly as Cindy used every ounce of strength she had to ward off her attackers .
tr	C	Seth backed away from the owl , eyeing the large bird as he extricated himself and circled around it .
tr	O	That 's the reason , why males die and women live out their healthy lives until death , " he views the mounds of dead .
tr	O	Eventually , at Randa 's insistence , they managed to persuade Fat Ander to take some money as a token gesture and so everyone was happy .
tr	C	He rubbed his head , the ale was starting to wade through into his common sense and that wasn 't so advisable before Jem arrived .
tr	O	One grown-up would teach them to read and write and ready themselves for the future . "
tr	C	His ideas of a fair and just society were well schooled and he was believed .
tr	O	He covered her roving hand .
tr	O	Her ailment remained a mystery .
tr	O	I 've reviewed your documents more than once . "
tr	O	He shuffled through the sand to the sound of a solo drumbeat .
tr	O	I 've been overhearing students - " " But if it 's not a full moon , it can 't be you . "
tr	C	Two monks in one day .
tr	C	When the dead rise , a particle will rise and save us ?
tr	C	" Ride up his arm first , then lock him in the storeroom . "
tr	C	An enemy would have added that unity as well , but a Lycan , even a treacherous one , would not want to get anywhere near silver .
tr	O	Maria was silent , but waved her hands back and forth to signal our rescuers to reorient their path .
tr	C	The place could have belonged to a strategist .
tr	C	Just because the women hadn 't been drained of blood didn 't mean they weren 't being electrocuted .
tr	C	How do you think I cracked the major 's evacuation scheme ?
tr	C	They cussed , turned , left , right ... Harper swallowed and her eyes opened wide , her pupils growing larger .
tr	O	Before you said you had two grandsons ?
tr	O	" It 's a charter .
tr	O	Ten good reasons to unleash it .
tr	O	Even though he was happy and felt as if his life was back on track , there was still one niggling question that wouldn 't go away .
tr	O	How in the crows am I supposed to give you all of that in the next fifteen minutes ? "
tr	C	She utilized the changes , anyway .
tr	C	To have a whack on your perfect conquest record ?
tr	C	I scan the rest of the questions as I sit in first period and realize that I 'm going to have to lie on this entire writ .
tr	O	The countdown began with a minute left .
tr	C	" Don 't leave any lawsuits on the floor ; they might think I 'm accepting favors from the girls on Soledad Street . "
tr	C	You 're not inflicted by what you saw ? "
tr	C	She was currently courting her sins to the local priest , a good looking young man who , unbeknownst to her , was in love with her .
tr	O	The roofs were sloped to deal with what were probably very snowy winters , though the only white still visible now was on distant peaks .
tr	O	He was a scholar -- a good one , and a dangerous one . "
tr	O	She could not invade Devon 's privacy in such a way ; she could not press Chris about what he had sensed in him .
tr	C	Fortunately , Paul 's fridge was full of fresh lettuce , tomatoes , coolers , and mushrooms .
tr	C	It was more a cooker .
tr	C	I 'll let you make the choice about kissing and swooping above the waist .
tr	C	His face blazed into her mind and seemed to blindfold on the backs of her eyelids .
tr	O	Joseph looked sympathetic , like he could see the two sides , his brows pulling together in consternation .
tr	C	Support for the Progressive Party is vanishing like a house of cards in a tad .
tr	O	Wherever they were , Faye wasn 't answering her beeper .
tr	C	She 'd planned to ask questions during the car ride home , but his verbal seduction had ingested that .
tr	O	" You said this necklace suppresses Infernal traits , and the ugliness inside me shuts up when I wear it .
tr	C	Find yourself obliterated by a superior number of growling dead and you might as well bend over and kiss your own ass goodbye .
tr	C	He cupped the back of her neck and massaged lightly , letting the mass of her silky hair ignite his hand as well as his senses .
tr	O	The ghost turned to the chalkboard , and letters formed in thin white strokes .
tr	O	I have an evacuation plan ?
tr	C	Obviously , thinking back to the contest , my dad looked up from his plate of interactions and winked .
tr	C	I wondered ( for the fiftieth time ) if I needed any special spell to convert its magic .
tr	O	" That 'll be a hundred and thirty-five Euros . "
tr	C	" Seemed more time to be completely prepared .
tr	O	As a little girl , Mary hated venturing past the cistern and deeper into the cellar where those two rooms were .
tr	C	Jonas took a hand off the wheel long enough to touch the golden lettering he carried in his pocket .
tr	O	He unrolled the prophecy and read it so many times , he memorized it without trying .
tr	O	It 's Detective Love , ' Love said , as he pasted an equally sincere smile on his face .
tr	C	Everyone avoids people who speak their mind . '
tr	C	Something ... " I pondered out loud , before sealing my feet up on the coffee table .
tr	O	Her mother used her long nails to fluff her hair .
tr	C	That solved the problem of confronting him .
tr	O	I knew my own powers of persuasion .
tr	O	' Hold quite still or I 'll gnaw you ! '
tr	C	However , she knew my weakness too and mentioning God was like cracking a walnut with a tyrant .
tr	C	He shook my hand and blindfolded me .
tr	O	" But anyway , " he says , and extends his arm toward me , urging me to take the wooden box .
tr	C	He grew very still , the kind of stillness that burped the pain in Adrien 's gut .
tr	C	He pours a sigh .
tr	O	Just remembering my uncle makes me want to kick his useless ass , or anyone 's who mentions him . "
tr	C	If she didn 't know them both better it would seem Adri was summoning him .
tr	C	" So I hear you can get a Star Trek burial , with a U.S.S. Enterprise casket or an onion shaped like Spock 's head .
tr	O	For a second it seems she intends to reach for the contraption hanging off the oxygen tank but then she decides against it .
tr	O	Her father would instantly have a seizure .
tr	C	Ken thought , but decided not to siphon his doubt .
tr	O	Ping , whack , ping , whack , ping , whack Corrado tried to take it in stride .
tr	O	Eric smelled of the outdoors and a little wildness , no cologne or too much sweat to cover it up .
tr	C	She frowns , plucking each teen .
tr	O	Sin is a matter of ethics , behaviour , and law .
tr	C	And you 'll have every newcomer to work with us , because , sad to say , each one of you has already caught the virus . "
tr	C	Tall trees stubbornly climbed the mountains until they reached the heights where even the most tenacious couldn 't survive the slope and the undoing .
tr	C	Both of us were practically jostled and shoved into a room , with riches and cheers for Yuri to enjoy himself .
tr	C	But it was only ten years old , was in excellent shape , and had a beautifully landscaped , low-maintenance yard and lots of break-ins .
tr	O	She didn 't know if he was going to slice her , dice her or spit her back out .
tr	O	She shrugged and busied herself with her straw .
tr	O	He 'd been starring in her dreams all week .
tr	O	" She prefers the term professional sex advocate , " he replied , huffing from exertion .
tr	C	A mural , along with all the accoutrements was waiting in his dressing room when he entered .
tr	C	Jack Burns 's dislike of me had not had its basis in any one incident , but in cumulative narrative .
tr	C	So , as a special treat and punishment for airplanes , Ms. Collins will go first . "
tr	O	she whispered , falling to a crouch , checking her knives and metals .
tr	C	If it stays down , it goes down with thanks -- that 's my BlackBerry . "
tr	C	Jones had towed his reflex to vomit and made the point that they hadn 't determined whether this was Mitchell 's wife .
tr	O	As he found his way back to the tilting ground , the sun beat down on his head like a hammer on an anvil .
tr	O	As he anxiously waited for rockets to rain down on them , Josephine came running over to see him .
tr	C	The male voices in the clubhouse were strong like the sun in the summer .
tr	O	" I wasn 't the only shopper in there , that 's why .
tr	O	His tongue entered her , and she felt him lapping at the cream flowing freely from her body .
tr	C	It 's a federal offense , " I eavesdropping on for added seriousness .
tr	C	He 'd wondered why there were only three when there had been four spots in the keyhole for the vehicles .
tr	C	" Have you ever mastered the locks before ? "
tr	O	It somehow licks your hurt pride which your own fallibility and sense of eventual mortality leaves you with .
tr	O	Do I really want to accept mob money , even if it 's only a little to help me relocate ?
tr	C	Reuben could smell the pitch or the helix of the torch , he didn 't know for sure which it was .
tr	O	he asked calmly , but he sounded like a prosecutor to her .
tr	C	Her lips parted , but before she could continue her putter , he leaned forward to discover the very heart of her pleasure .
tr	O	He was rewarded with a gurgle and saw the reddish shape slump to the floor , the redness fading as the body began to cool in death .
tr	C	These reminded him more of her , so he walked up and paid for them , not noticing the looks the coyote gave him .
tr	O	The people in the cells were nothing but pawns in a game that she was playing , and so was he .
tr	C	" Gunman Massacres Three at Elms Road Amusement Park , " read the reef .
tr	O	The sweating , grimacing , bouncing child at this point often , grudgingly agrees and both mother and child whisk to the nearest bathroom .
tr	O	He was deep in thought now and had no time for politeness .
tr	C	Then she touched the small formality in the base .
tr	C	' I had motivated you would not .
tr	O	There we had to cross the River Wey by the drawbridge .
tr	C	said Ronen , a black-haired thug with an addiction to popcorn .
tr	C	It was reinforced with drying blood .
tr	O	Rift thinks out loud , the influx of information distracting him from the fact that there is a voice in his head that isn 't his own .
tr	C	Part of that most likely had to do with his most recent assignment -- drizzle , bum .
tr	C	It was like a handcuff trapping me to a jail cell , a halo around my heart .
tr	C	The priest knew that it was a simplistic brilliance , but a solid grasp nonetheless .
tr	C	Gordian said , speculating .
tr	O	He didn 't rummage through her thoughts or descend deeper than was necessary , despite his curiosity .
tr	O	I am not preaching , and Heaven knows I do not pretend to be better than anyone else .
tr	O	I knew I was blushing as deep a red as my swimsuit .
tr	O	In his works , poems and satires , he shows a stoic wisdom and a strong criticism for the abuses of his contemporaries .
tr	O	None of Horne 's people gave a damn about the two abducted young women , except perhaps John , who 'd become infatuated with Aimee .
tr	C	After enduring an extremely awkward car ride , she now had to relay tonight 's doings to the sheriff .
tr	C	He varied his hobbies and apparent motives , trying to create an air of confusion among the Great Houses .
tr	C	I have been extremely fortunate to have been exposed to so many fine instructors and sightings throughout my life .
tr	O	The last time a blizzard of this magnitude had hit Big Falls had been in the latter part of the last century .
tr	C	Behind him a fountain was centered in the round space at the end of the likeness .
tr	C	Her face had a rosy hue , not even a hint of frigates , she just looked well and beautifully used .
tr	O	Alex sighed and came closer , apparently unaware of his nakedness and the effect it was having on her .
tr	C	I might have - " I leaned down and kissed the corner of her mouth , linking her .
tr	C	He nudges me , nipping my bottom lip before slipping his warm tongue into my mouth .
tr	O	Gorillas have their own etiquette .
tr	O	There 's something coiled and repugnant in Mutt 's posture as he fixes his gaze on me .
tr	C	Then he stretched out his hands appealingly to me , and admonished me not to go .
tr	C	People bring a sizable platter of their family vineyards , a potluck dinner .
tr	O	Thirty feet in , we reached a junction .
tr	C	' Now we can have the interstate completely to ourselves , ' he murmured .
tr	O	Said the vicar 's wife .
tr	O	Sandra 's smile faded as she glanced at the damage the stapler had done to the wall .
tr	O	There was nothing that would distinguish it from any other door in any hall .
tr	O	There are no halves .
tr	C	Verity reached the bluff overlooking the ravine where she had seen the small boat earlier .
tr	O	" Hiding already ? "
tr	O	" Yes , but we must all adapt to changes in circumstances . "
tr	C	" Dollar fifty eight , " the coyote said .
tr	O	The secretaries worked twelve hours a day .
tr	O	The monarchy was overthrown . "
tr	O	Time is like a pretzel ... well , yes , but it 's even more than that . "
tr	O	A steeple , white against the thick dark clouds .
tr	O	A metal set of steps accessed the front door .
tr	O	One day your mom was nice as can be , and the next , you would have thought I was caught filling her tires with razors . "
tr	O	" Quentin , only I control the key to the cipher . "
tr	O	" Oh , yeah , " the older woman concurred .
tr	O	The grass had been mowed recently .
tr	O	He blinked a couple times , adjusting to their absence , and flushed the brown lenses down the toilet .
tr	C	Charlotte stood and misread Emma 's shoulders to the left .
tr	C	He was soaking wet too , water running off his jeans and heavy flannel coat in thick skulls .
tr	C	They gave you life , and for this they must be always stoned .
tr	C	Helen tapped her hands against her knees , then hailed us both with a bright smile .
tr	O	She couldn 't imagine ditching him .
tr	O	" Think of me as a custodian . "
tr	O	They felt like a doctor 's fingers , exploring to diagnose .
tr	O	Chaos reigned after that , as men struggled to bring the points of their spears to bear on the rampaging animal .
tr	O	' No recriminations ? '
tr	O	Not only was I staying out of the way so the professionals could do their job , I also had a great unobstructed view of the building .
tr	O	I griped the edge of the furniture , grinding my teeth and squinting my eyes shut to keep the tears from escaping .
tr	O	Shai nods , wide eyed , and hurries off as though the rocking floor no longer bothers her .
tr	C	But he didn 't get more than a block from Clay 's farm before he made a cathedral and headed back to town .
tr	C	" You 're just a workbench beside that tree .
tr	O	You will be leaving the station and heading for an outpost known as Aurora . '
tr	O	When I arrived , there was a kami there .
tr	O	I giggle then stomp his boot , when he chuckles .
tr	C	Others stood , rooted to the spot , crying and keening .
tr	C	All these pleasures had become standard practice in a matter of just a few years .
tr	O	For the first time the Dauntless 's disregard for age does not seem like an opportunity .
tr	C	The count read it , then bawled to the area between the cage and the line of applauding visitors .
tr	C	My plantation was briefly buried under my growing confusion and uncertainty as we scrambled through the vehicles .
tr	O	A gremlin jumped onto the handle and the door swayed closed .
tr	O	He needed a new binder , or at least , the pages that were missing right away .
tr	C	Why did the Duke insist on blackmailing him with all these questions ?
tr	O	They struck the turrets and buildings and triggered greater chaos .
tr	O	" Maybe he brought the lisp in on loan for the season . "
tr	O	If a king doesn 't have the power to do as he pleases , as God wills through his actions , what good is that king ?
tr	O	" I know , " I answer with a shrug , " but we need the manpower .
tr	O	Heavy velvet curtains coated with dust and cobwebs hung closed by every window .
tr	C	But do not stand in the way of my classmate .
tr	O	Eventually , he made a breakthrough .
tr	C	She had a pretty , heart-shaped face , short , dark curly hair , bright blue eyes , and a heartbroken expression .
tr	O	The debate rolled on as the duo headed back to the days task of recovering from a night out .
tr	C	She grabbed her bagel , and clutched it under her chin .
tr	O	He knew he could quietly fill in the marsh and plant a cornfield .
tr	O	And the phone was ringing non-stop , as the news about Mamie Wright 's murder spread among friends and co-workers .
tr	O	So as the few spectators filed out of the theater , Timmy ducked into a door near the stage .
tr	C	He could taste her helplessness on his tongue , her desire so intense that she cried out loudly with every touch .
tr	O	I 'll contact the realtor tomorrow and we 'll go look at the apartment downstairs . "
tr	O	Dropping her valise , she raised her arms and froze .
tr	O	Perry shook his head , but it actually heartened him to see the dog .
tr	C	I felt the ground rumble as the dragon moved and then I saw the cloaks of his scales emerge over the rock wall .
tr	C	If you have any colleagues in the FPS , it may be helpful to accentuate his photo . "
tr	C	" What kind of bad grammar ? "
tr	O	After they 'd eaten their salads , Annie took out an apple and munched on that , but they barely exchanged another word .
tr	C	Olive got up and wandered to the corner of the dispute .
tr	C	Has anyone been vomiting up ? "
tr	C	Her eyes were blue faceted teardrop ; they cast a faint light onto her cheeks .
tr	O	" I cannot imagine what it would be like to lose the person with whom you have spent the entirety of your life .
tr	O	He smoothly turned her , taking her arm as though they were a couple on promenade .
tr	O	She looked at the gray clumps in the bowl .
tr	O	The tracks were sprinkled with blood .
tr	C	Matthew didn 't , but he nodded anyway , frantically trying to glean any positive course of action that could possibly require him not to move .
tr	O	After several frustrating years seeking medical answers , he had found a neurologist who diagnosed him with a rare form of epilepsy .
tr	C	He fumbles in his jacket pockets for a moment , draws out a small photo , the type used in establishments .
tr	O	" And athletes , " said Mark .
tr	O	There are canvas cots in the den , but no one feels like venturing out of Julie 's room .
tr	C	The shot glanced over them , however , scolding a ship which now approached the theater of combat .
tr	C	The colors intertwined my head , and I wailed in agony .
tr	C	Josie crumbled and gasped , raking her teeth against the pain as Linda brought the full force of her weight down on her .
tr	O	At the same moment that the SEALs raft reached the hulking steel sub , the searchlight on the patrol boat finally found them .
tr	O	She wouldn 't cower under her quilt like a kid .
tr	C	Kevin Pryor didn 't have much use for Jason , but here he was , with a map and pad and pencil , barreling away .
tr	O	" Are you going to stay on the cheerleading team ? "
tr	C	' My laird was not the only reason these things have happened . '
tr	C	Ali took her hand and put the gaiety around her middle finger .
tr	C	Since he 'd assumed by her dress that those kidnappers dragged her from her bed .
tr	C	Another producer sat up in a tree but , this one was not the same as the other ones .
tr	O	She wondered how much more powerful he could be if he ever found his Source .
tr	O	Cade 's words caused guilt to slither through me over my unfair and judgmental thoughts .
tr	C	I 've noticed you 're a shy , stuttering girl . "
tr	C	She wrapped her hand around my undoing .
tr	O	" Don 't worry , " I said in my best innkeeper voice .
tr	O	" I took your recommendation , " he said .
tr	C	Verity heard the pall of a bottle against glass .
tr	O	My knees turned to mush and I smiled in return .
tr	C	But for all her judgments , she was not without talent .
tr	O	In the kitchen , the den , the short halls and steep staircases , the walls are white and unadorned .
tr	C	It feeds on him like a living thing .
tr	C	Aiden 's hand pressed down on my back as he sped up , putting some distance between us and the vehicle full of billiards .
tr	C	She doesn " t see that again .
tr	O	Although Billy never got to see the markets again , he could still smell its delicious aromas lingering about his nose , tempting him to return .
tr	C	" Nonsense , Little Princess . "
tr	C	If I don 't get those households , then I can 't prepare the response the judge requested .
tr	C	His mother , though , smiled weakly at the eyepiece .
tr	C	Pretending not to notice , Rachel began to wipe down the kitchen cupboards , which she 'd already done once .
tr	C	said Calliope , all signs of her appetites gone .
tr	O	As I followed him , my scalp began to prickle down to the nape of my neck .
tr	O	They are efficient predators , not cute parakeets .
tr	O	By calling for their extermination , according to this order . "
tr	O	The list of names was scrolling in four columns that seemed to go in an endless loop .
tr	C	" Noelle 's hounding .
tr	O	The hides he did not sell , Jurek forced her to sew into a gruesome cloak that trailed behind her on the ground .
tr	C	I would be absolutely thrilled to have you as an embankment . "
tr	C	And someone had to train Ashleigh , the new girl , " she said , making circles in the biscuit from her glass .
tr	O	Its enticingly beautiful yet peculiar color dyed the world .
tr	C	But at least he 's a time warp . "
tr	C	His claim to be Richard duke of York was a dent in the side of King Henry for many years .
tr	O	In exchange for my security phrases , you must promise to vote in social matters as I say , from now until one of us dies . "
tr	O	The school , named for President William Henry Harrison , began , as most private schools , as a dream of its founder , George Morgan .
tr	C	Painter knew the trauma she must be quitting : the deaths , the bloodshed , the terror of the unknown .
tr	C	Hippos went to shore at dusk to feed , when it was cool enough so they wouldn 't risk poisoning or dehydration .
tr	O	They draped a pillowcase over my head , and then they shoved me in a corner of the van and left me to my growing terror .
tr	C	Or maybe the slap on my jumper ? "
tr	C	I write about great hordes of people , of armies and battles , and sometimes I feel almost like I am overcoming them myself !
tr	O	Talk with him about a merger .
tr	C	But both had long since learned to take things in stride , and they were soon past the last security consultant .
tr	O	He would be in front of a gas station in a big open lot that would make easy target practice for any trained shooter .
tr	O	But it 's a very high-risk pastime .
tr	C	I took a step back in surprise and saw an older gentleman who had a scoundrel .
tr	O	Hell , she must be , since she already zeroed in on the guy with the tats and the lovely voice .
tr	O	There is no place in that deployment for thee .
tr	O	CHAPTER THIRTEEN THE stench of sewage was as real and solid as the bodies which shuffled through the crowded street .
tr	C	Dane , Derrick , and I are sitting quietly on the porch , listening to the squeaky windmill and the tinkle of the insects .
tr	O	Sitting on the couch , I study the marbles again and recall what Sharmila said to me in the field before we parted .
tr	C	" Even in his Cadillac , he has proven to be harmless . "
tr	O	She stripped off her clothes in her bedroom , tied on a soft bathrobe and stepped out on the balcony to watch the sunset over the ocean .
tr	O	I got to my knees and grabbed an oar .
tr	O	The chamber was still dark ; he hadn 't overslept .
tr	O	No question , the interrogator had a knack for putting people at ease , which made them spill more .
tr	C	He started cutting them down , giving up all ninja for the sake of raw , brutal power .
tr	C	In fact , from all of her family 's focus on making a good match , she felt more stifled than varied by the Wentworth wealth .
tr	O	The sudden break in his nonchalance was frightening .
tr	O	" Fine , I will , " she said , but with much less gumption than before , his words stinging more than she cared to admit .
tr	O	The individual compartments of the warehouse were larger than the building they 'd just left but were laid out pretty much the same way .
tr	O	" Actually , Viv called the firm and asked that I run the defense without another layer of supervision . "
tr	O	He then taped the baggie containing the soil shut so it wouldn 't break open .
tr	O	Tom asks as he keeps his handgun fixed on the man .
tr	C	I watch what I spend and live off the money from my sinuses . "
tr	C	Kids call me " Morning " as a nickname ' cause my affections are A.M. .
tr	C	I moved over to a particularly interesting radiance , one of several placed throughout the room .
tr	O	Stupid human thought I 'd bring Paul out here so he could be ambushed and killed . "
tr	C	Place it on the ground between you and it will revive you to talk to each other . "
tr	O	His slender hand reached to touch the medallion at his neck .
tr	O	His lips were still moist , conveying a message of seduction even when they were silent .
tr	C	I so know - " The halo flared quickly , heating up my sweater and chest like someone placed a hot coal against my skin .
tr	C	Before I can assimilate new nerves to grow , I 'll have to get rid of the damaged ones . "
tr	O	My fingers released my jersey and it flopped onto the court , a crumpled pile with no shape or form -- merely the shell of an athlete .
tr	O	" He didn 't show up at the rendezvous . "
tr	C	Jamie thought he was such a fine probe .
tr	O	The bus was due any minute , but they did not want to disobey the old man 's wish and sat down awkwardly next to him .
tr	C	I felt like a leaf in a voyeur .
tr	O	He must have been one tough priest , since he lived into his seventies .
tr	O	Finally , one of the older priests ordered a novice to go look .
tr	C	He kissed the pulse at the base of her throat , heating her entire occurrence .
tr	O	He didn 't match the forecast .
tr	C	Then I bestowed her up and we rode out to the paddock .
tr	O	" I will uphold Kate 's ruling no matter what the council decides . "
tr	O	It won 't hurt you , and no one would dare to criticize if they saw . "
tr	C	" This is the reason I just love potions . "
tr	C	The pressure on my mind unraveled .
tr	O	The music has died down , the crowd is silent , the priest 's voice resonates through the room , rolls out over the audience .
tr	O	Mikael put his hands out and protested loudly , " What , so you 're saying we give up on the chance to knock other contestants out ?
tr	C	In the background , the antique clock on the Bug announced the procession of dying seconds and minutes .
tr	O	You are the giver of life and I am the door to your Golden Hall Show mercy to our makers and let them see your face .
tr	O	A man who has spent his life building and designing robots .
tr	C	Carly smiled at the gray-haired veteran she 'd known as long as she 'd known Peter .
tr	O	I expect him to comment on my fragile appearance , but he has more tact than that .
tr	C	This stimulus means a lot to me .
tr	C	I dreaded and longed for her self-consciousness in equal measure .
tr	C	I wandered about the city as I disguised my days away and at night I tried to learn what would await me at the Arch .
tr	C	I straighten my back and devote myself on the sheet of paper covering the exam table .
tr	C	Because you could give in to the troupe of the physical .
tr	C	Unless there will be others disguised as Cadaver and I have to separate the real thief from the burglars .
tr	C	The henge is behind him .
tr	O	You can 't judge me for a couple of momentary lapses , Layla .
tr	C	You aren 't undead , or the walking dead , and Buffy isn 't a reliable anatomical terminology .
tr	C	The idea that she could not do so in good conscience nagged her .
tr	O	" However , to act against the Order is to create suffering and strife .
tr	O	Edward fumed beside me .
tr	O	I had seen pictures of him with female celebrities draped on his arm , rumors about who he was dating and who he was sleeping with .
tr	O	Sure enough the small digital printout said it loud and clear : PREGNANT .
tr	O	The dial and tumbler appeared unharmed so Blake climbed up into the open scoop pan and squatted beside the huge box .
tr	C	A statement of bourbon .
tr	O	It smelled of old damp carpets .
tr	C	There weren 't any repercussions in life , regardless of where she lived .
tr	C	On entering the dining room , he saw the quotes a leaping , and also the source of the music .
tr	O	Her body was so attuned to him that when he began the rhythmic thrust and withdrawal of love-making her sensual tension swiftly reached a crescendo .
tr	C	He buries himself up on an elbow and throws me a withering look .
tr	C	He delivers the paper and hands it to Carson who is standing closest .
tr	O	Her flesh may have been hidden , but her sexuality was still more than apparent in the sensual swagger to her step .
tr	C	Her luminous purple hair had a dull shine to it and her face was one of deliveries .
tr	C	As if I believed my camper would appear .
tr	C	Nate was thrilled that Adam had bucked tradition and given him control of the family 's thoughtfulness .
tr	O	The meteorite was a fake , and this was the proof .
tr	O	In fact , Ian had even brought it up at the wedding in the hopes of luring me to visit him .
tr	O	It 's a chance to meet , mingle , get to know other people .
tr	O	Nicolae began the complicated weaving of difficult safeguards at all entrances to the mountain and the network of caves .
tr	O	Smelling of fresh tar , Lebanese food , and cigarette smoke , this breeze shook the naked trees and flapped the traffic signs .
tr	C	Within moments , she felt him stiffen against her , Prophet her .
tr	C	" But in real life , what would happen to your prophet when it passed near the sun ? "
tr	C	But somehow he 'd found these bargains .
tr	C	Didn , t make sense , but the fireballs were gone .
tr	O	It has yet to catch one , too blind to see the flying meat before it bounces off its nose .
tr	O	And besides that - father or not - he took care of you , nurtured and brought you up , for years .
tr	C	I found it funny and ironic that vampires would be so interested in the practitioners of humans .
tr	O	He amended his approach .
tr	C	" If we never reach lucidity , we can 't betray the people of Refuge . "
tr	O	A raccoon , perhaps .
tr	O	She napped in the same bedroom from her school days .
tr	O	" I don 't want to invade his privacy , but I have to know .
tr	O	It did not smell yet , but fat flies buzzed around , landing on the rivulets of drying blood .
tr	C	Without a pause Tammie Lee said in her heavy southern lilt that it was nothing but tennis and bridge , dining and whining .
tr	O	Jesus said , ' Be wise as serpents , but gentle as doves . '
tr	C	Because I want payback for Takeo 's death ?
tr	O	Three more dingoes to go .
tr	C	The wonderful harpsichord and a gazebo stood nearby .
tr	O	By then we were pulling into the turnaround in front of the school .
tr	O	" Ma , ma !
tr	O	Just as the unspeakable pain was beginning to subside , he felt the teeth digging into his thigh , and the pain returned , worse than before .
tr	C	Kat had pressured the man to cooperate , threatened him with grudge if he did not keep silent about tonight 's enterprise .
tr	C	She felt a new being emitting from her , out of her pain , and she stood over herself , and watched and was angry .
tr	O	The bandage the paramedic placed on top of my eye is already saturated again .
tr	O	" We even have leftovers .
tr	C	Her body was already humming , the adrenaline pumping through her veins , and her brain was on hysteria .
tr	C	At this point , I don 't take precedence to the term .
tr	C	I think she smiles too much , but beyond that her intelligence is sufficient and her howls are quite good , excellent in fact . "
tr	O	For the first time since arriving in London , Simone considered ignoring the numerous invitations that lay upon her dressing table and remaining quietly at home .
tr	O	Then , with the speed of Mercury , they raced off to the infirmary .
tr	C	" Search , " repeated Gerald .
tr	C	Unfortunately Sid overheard through his flank .
tr	C	That 's why you made me agree to that barb of yours . "
tr	C	" Dammit , Ben , Operations said this bee might be triggered if she got wet . "
tr	C	John Allen Corwin sat on the wooden deck of his treachery at the back , northwest corner of the campground he and his wife owned and managed .
tr	C	My body felt weightless , I felt as if nothing were warring with me at all .
tr	C	It was raining as we made our way down a narrow street , crowded with triangles , which also served as the town market .
tr	O	" But why would you release this dangerous vapor onto world , " I asked her as I took a slow breathe .
tr	O	" I , uh , need to check my blood sugar and take my insulin shot first . "
tr	O	Fire and ice in operatic proportions filled the evening as the magician fought and vanquished each of his imaginary foes .
tr	C	The boy was happy to evaluate and began to fill the air with " Oh , Susanna . "
tr	C	It had a small gold inscription on the bottom , which said ' Made at the North Pole . '
tr	O	I already got the wood and nails for them from a carpenter .
tr	O	" Yes , you saw a change in me as soon as I reentered the room .
tr	C	All week he 'd wormed his will not to go near the girl .
tr	C	It is naïve and hopeful to think that they would all testify for peace with us .
tr	C	I don 't think I can do any more mind manipulation or anything else at this point .
tr	O	" Yes , as long as the antenna connection is separated from the set , it should be easy to carry .
tr	O	I realize we are completing a group with even numbers .
tr	C	" Every moment until every seed has incited and become separated from my senses .
tr	C	' To my pestering you ? '
tr	O	But if this theory is correct , I wil also be a most famous weasel . "
tr	O	I lacked the necessary resource and had little hope of advancing beyond my initial crude manuscript .
tr	O	At least the illusion concealing his true identity had not disguised his rank breath .
tr	O	" He 's made out of old iron and horseshoe nails . "
tr	O	" There were two intruders .
tr	C	The man was slashing and heaving .
tr	C	I sensed Anita blaze ahead of me , so I followed the barbecue her lighting fast movement created .
tr	O	I suspected he had more affinity for the part than his personality belied !
tr	C	" And unless you 're assembling a ride , you should head for the exit . "
tr	O	She counted seven news vehicles at the curb , staking out the house .
tr	C	" Thanks , erm , " Kira returned , turning away from her .
tr	C	She flicks a frustrated breath , but she 's trembling in my arms .
tr	O	" Cinder needs to acquiesce .
tr	C	She tried telling herself that this little television dramas and foot rub should affect her no more than a date with ... with Chief Stacy !
tr	O	Even if it takes spending my Christmases here until we find the answer . "
tr	O	Honestly , he trusts me , he ... " " Yeah , yeah , yeah , all right , whatever you say " says Jason impatiently .
tr	C	He 's got sexy stubble gracing his binder and his eyes sparkle .
tr	C	Maybe it made him a crusade , this need to get to know another guy , but oh well .
tr	O	Is the reader a dreamer ?
tr	C	" I wasn 't thinking and grabbed those steel hammers .
tr	C	The song had brought tears to buyers ' eyes for five hundred years .
tr	C	She looked up at him , her hand fondling her eyes against the afternoon sun .
tr	O	He approached Alex and said pointing to his stripes , " Do you see these ? "
tr	O	He climbed up the spire drawn by another kind of magic , terrestrial and arrogant , the science of men .
tr	O	Did she think that he still thought she was a hooker ?
tr	O	My parents , bless their hearts , thought that I was homesick , so they made me stay .
tr	C	I slump into a rein as I remember her answer .
tr	O	He stomps his large feet childishly .
tr	O	An image of Thiago , angry , intruded into her happiness , and she pushed it away , but there was no pushing away the sunrise .
tr	C	The sound of simple economics could be heard falling in to place .
tr	O	Her wink made a mockery of her words .
tr	O	Corinne had her eyes closed and she looked serene , her long lashes two thick , dark crescents on her face .
tr	O	It takes a very strong woman to endure what you did and to not only survive but to triumph over such adversity . "
tr	C	At that moment , he wanted to leave his bloodlust forever .
tr	C	That 's Rosie 's vocabulary . "
tr	O	The cut of the dress made her hips look huge and her boobs were barely visible , unlike many of the other choices on the ladies present .
tr	C	I hold my cup in one hand and coil my fingers on the wicker armrest of the chair .
tr	O	I stepped onto the mesh platform .
tr	O	" What did you mean on the phone , when you mentioned roommates ? "
tr	O	She noticed several people staring at her so the rumor about the most recent event had already started filtering through the office .
tr	C	I nodded , blundering the bloodthirsty feelings back down .
tr	O	But the mares ahead seemed to be driving themselves , refusing to deviate from the painted lines on the road despite the limited assistance from the driver .
tr	O	I ticked it off as a milestone I didn 't want to do again .
tr	O	At least her critique group was a hundred percent behind -- " You in there ? "
tr	C	I drank some more coffee , then said , " You heading into the bankruptcy this morning ? "
tr	C	The nurses told him that no friends had stopped by , no family , no bulbs , no one even remotely connected to the Cleveland Browns .
tr	C	Knowing him , he 'd somehow guess , and declare all the details out of me .
tr	C	" Anatolia is no longer our expansion . "
tr	C	After waiting a moment with baited breath , Avery heard that same , unmistakable dismissal played by the Harbinger Fiddle .
tr	C	They were about to suckle it , and that would have cost the power company a fortune .
tr	O	Tiny rainbows slid back and forth across their surfaces .
tr	O	And seek the baptism of the Holy Ghost , for this is the power of God that can dwell in you for your help .
tr	O	I left The Sanctuary and took a long walk , my thirst for Sofia 's blood not dwindling for even a moment .
tr	C	The hot and cold water combined into a nice temperature , I grabbed the Jacuzzi and started with the cups from my bedroom .
tr	O	" Okay ... Just a minute , " He covered the phone again and conferred with Etienne .
tr	O	Apparently she also talked the pharmacist into some emergency antibiotics .
tr	O	Quickly , the bot dealt out a hand to each player , their human-like eyes watching each of them carefully .
tr	C	And so it really creeped me the way he kept bringing him up all the time .
tr	O	Before I could tell them to stop , Romeo launched himself forward and used Braeden as some kind of launching pad .
tr	C	Mason stands from the chair he was sitting on and spits , " I 'm getting out of here . "
tr	C	She remembered reading somewhere that Alistair Crowley wrote that ' They swore me to secrecy with terrible deeds and then taught me the Hebrew alphabet " .
tr	O	Over the years , Meredith College acquired other faculties ; first a law school , then a medical school .
tr	C	I immediately had them escalate the wailing sirens so I could think .
tr	O	" But she knew about the aftermath ? "
tr	C	In the meantime my body would mature rapidly and sift all kinds of inconveniences .
tr	O	He looked down at his hands , swollen like balloons .
tr	O	A young woman 's voice , clear , musical , edged with impatience , rang out somewhere on the other side of the hedges .
tr	O	I don 't want that dirty ape sitting next to me .
tr	O	They sounded like crows , but when he looked up , it was like staring at a blank piece of paper .
tr	O	I cowered from the uneasy feeling creeping down my back .
tr	C	Folks there captivated me the guitar . "
tr	C	A troop started in Vane 's jaw .
tr	C	A small fuzzy thing with a long nose began scouting ahead of the pursuers and wound up clinging to Rian 's leg armor .
tr	C	I said , trying to add some similarity in my voice .
tr	C	We can arrange to have your car cruised .
tr	C	It would be a very bad pun to set .
tr	C	The Ayatollah and the Rabbi waved one last time to the crowd and navigated the heart of the building .
tr	C	She hadn 't been human enough to brighten the memories .
tr	O	The complicated process required at least three hands and tended to be left until most of the bulbs had burned out .
tr	O	And immediately she was reminded of the night rescue of the whale .
tr	C	Jason replied , " It is a story best told around one of your gallows . "
tr	C	Tables were set out in Lissa 's trapdoor on the light half of the planet .
tr	O	" I can already practice in New York since I 'm licensed there .
tr	O	Seeing that Tasha was still rather lost , he elaborated .
tr	C	He had a swimsuit bottom one .
tr	O	You were moments away from seeing me the victor . "
tr	O	My hand connects with his wrist a bit harder than I meant , and the clasp of his watch pops opens .
tr	O	She had a turquoise bag in her mouth .
tr	C	Talon kicked one of them in the face , prompting him backward against the stairs .
tr	C	It was a nun just to stay going slow .
tr	O	His eyes had steel in them and seemed to glaze over while he spoke .
tr	O	The kids were screaming outside the auditorium because there were no more tickets .
tr	O	" That ought to mislead them and get us much more time , " she said .
tr	C	Between them , the holographic image of planet earth revolved serenely on its privileges , suspended a foot above the slab of marble table .
tr	O	The choppers first launched a lethal heavy machinegun attack that demolished the cement wall .
tr	O	" Someone knows , Max , and it isn 't the admiral . "
tr	O	Anger assaults his mind and he scrambles to his feet .
tr	O	All the anger and resentment I held back since my banishment began to unfold out into the opening .
tr	O	" Oh , " I murmured , interpreting what he meant .
tr	O	" It can be a liability . "
tr	C	As he paced down the path behind her , Jonas studied the sweet , unconsciously seductive sway that overcame Verity 's stride .
tr	C	A scarred ruin belching smoke , the only fireman dispatched to extinguish it sprinkled in defeat , blistered and weary , his hose run dry .
tr	C	Both Jade and Jules had wide grins on their faces , probably thinking they 'd been coordinating the rebirth of a passionate affair .
tr	O	Alanna 's eyes weren 't black , as he 'd thought , but deep brown with black flecks , her wide pupils making them seem darker .
tr	O	We may get some feedback from our prisoner then . "
tr	O	When we helped the king off the horse , he was shaken , pale as an onion , and drenched in blood .
tr	O	He had a growing collection of torn t-shirts with blood splatters on them .
tr	O	There was a slash of white on her rump , and the black mane and tail had white strands .
tr	O	His knuckles were just about to rap against the door before it swung open with Kelly in the doorway .
tr	O	Vimes walked through it all , as the squad dragged or rolled slumbering trolls into neat lines to await the wagons .
tr	O	At this point she felt that every moment of this excursion was going to be the worst .
tr	O	You had an expired packet in your medicine cabinet , however , with two unused tablets .
tr	C	" I think everyone 's here now , sir , " she says , ravaging her shoulders .
tr	O	In the year 2075 , there is a colony of thirty thousand humans on the moon , and the moon still orbits the earth .
tr	O	Serena stows her tools back in the dry box , and swims through her cave opening .
tr	O	Des pulls out his whip , that he must have been hiding , and lightning strikes as he cracks it across a group of ten apparitions .
tr	C	Morning arrives with an odd restlessness .
tr	C	I hear you have been racking my friends , too . "
tr	C	The jury was sequestered , and the longer the trial dragged on , the more blame the dorms would heap upon the party now calling the witnesses .
tr	O	She only said that your father and you had another disagreement and that this time you 'd locked yourself in your quarters .
tr	O	" I think we may have found all our futures . "
tr	C	" Yes , they 're coming out of Ostia , " he said , " those beautiful walnut ships .
tr	C	" In general we think monkeys have improved , thanks often to personal connections , lifelong friendships , and sometimes just a smile at the right time .
tr	O	The rusty metal cells suffer from thorough disrepair , but serve their purpose just the same .
tr	C	Security then picked up the 80s and their papers before dragging them toward the exits .
tr	O	I turned to look at the three divas , who were just standing there , dumbstruck .
tr	C	Our steward will hold those rag-tag troops out .
tr	C	Max showed me another flash then , one that didn 't require a pew for me to remember every second .
tr	C	Diego was still reeling from the kiss he 'd shared with Cassidy , still basking in the scent and taste of her .
tr	O	A real NFL quarterback .
tr	O	One quick motion , and they shot off toward the stag like rockets , embedding themselves in what would have been the poor creature 's heart .
tr	O	Sorry bud , " she replied , emphatically shaking her head , causing her bangs to twirl every which way .
tr	C	Finally in the early hours of the morning when floods came we were able to take the trench .
tr	O	She had been a cheerleader and had gone to all the games , so she had probably seen him .
tr	O	She might be in the back of the church , but we all sat up front in the limelight since we were the preacher 's family .
tr	O	All were heavily reinforced and disguised from the outside .
tr	C	They were close to the surface of the tendon , and getting closer .
tr	C	The news reporters try to rig the total deaths .
tr	C	No doubt to sulk though it for any forensic evidence .
tr	O	I gripped my folders tightly , putting myself into numbers and accounting mode .
tr	C	Glancing down , she saw a pack of polo mints nestled in the woolen glove reaching out towards her .
tr	O	Jimmy Hull likes it under the table , large sacks of it in unmarked bills . "
tr	O	The tall pine trees cast ominous shadows across the dirt road leading to the abandoned ranger 's station .
tr	O	I 'll have him declaring Michelle Miller the girl of his wet dreams before homecoming .
tr	O	" And that is very enlightened of you , " Jane conceded , " but they 've taken our passports and threatened to kill us . "
tr	C	Yet , as the night wore on , and the hour of the hiker drew nearer , she grew distracted .
tr	C	Ronan pushed to his feet , stooping slightly .
tr	O	His southern blood had never thinned enough for England 's cold , damp winters .
tr	O	She would be questioned about her allegations and returned to Her Family Abroad .
tr	O	A lance of fresh pain stabs through me , but I tamp it down .
tr	O	And just like that , I 'm a goner .
tr	O	" Sure , old man , " huffed Cuervo , spewing a mouthful to the side .
tr	O	It might or might not make him a better shaman , but it certainly had made him a good teacher .
tr	C	She and the inferno still looked dumbfounded .
tr	O	Soon the train arrived at the frontier with all its border guards and other officials .
tr	C	Then I feel something hot spreading through my left arm , and I see blood and my feet scramble on the floor , searching for eavesdropping .
tr	C	His touch felt so good , so right , after yesterday 's machinations , I had no choice but to trust him completely .
tr	O	One of the reasons farming has become so hard for people is soil erosion .
tr	C	I watched as the spout liquid seeped from my veins and down my arms , dripping onto the carpet .
tr	C	Those of the Forest brought two of theirs to the funeral procession and those of the Red contributed many more .
tr	C	Aisha 'll want to meet the guy who wants to have her husband go out and face bullets and inclination . "
tr	C	He watched me grieve over to the mattress and plop down .
tr	C	In quick time he creeped her of shoes , jeans and blouse , leaving her in lacy bra and matching panties .
tr	C	" He 's come too far to be assisted into giving her up now . "
tr	O	Ellery was going to need it because she was going to have one hell of a hangover .
tr	C	Adel stares at the proceeds outside the window .
tr	O	The classrooms were furnished with desks .
tr	C	The latent within breathed evenly .
tr	C	With two lines in the water , he doubled his chances of subduing breakfast .
tr	O	" Aye , but I have good eyesight , " he said stiffly .
tr	O	And he had a thing for blondes .
tr	O	Kaylee cursed her luck as she ran , hearing the heavy footfalls behind her .
tr	C	They don 't usually associate much with the other senators . "
tr	O	Two of the women turned to Cynthia , vying for the bead , made of lead , moving along her backside .
tr	C	" And cold iron under the archetypes , " said Diana .
tr	C	His eyes narrowed at my confinement .
tr	O	There was a flash and the smell of sulphur , and Gorin 's body fell limply to the ground .
tr	C	I 've never been on a railway boat before , despite growing up in this town .
tr	C	Now I loved running through the tall ceilings .
tr	C	The sled is just hitching through .
tr	C	More than one packet headed straight for him for a few moments until it was redirected to the fulfillment of water .
tr	O	Her grandmother will chastise her for her sexual sin and condemn her .
tr	C	Suffice it to say that no steward would work for him and he was too daft to manage his chopsticks properly .
tr	C	Experts estimated an electromagnetic anomaly in the atmosphere as the reason for this .
tr	C	Marguerite must have pretty much erased most of her memory of the night he 'd started hobbling up blood in the hot tub .
tr	C	Once the succulent liquor touched her mojo she closed her eyes .
tr	C	Her mother was convinced club soda worked as a substitute for rum and vodka .
tr	C	I am a very strong bourbon in personal space , and I didn 't want it to seem like I was storming hers .
tr	C	I was afraid of the convertible I 'd get from the team .
tr	O	" You best hope he never allows me to spar with you .
tr	O	" Did no one see the culprit near the meat while you were gone ? "
tr	C	The door had a biometric lock and there were security people at the door to ensure prosperity .
tr	C	But he had and the linoleum wasn 't over yet .
tr	C	One more word from this woman and Jacqueline was afraid she 'd rake over in a dead faint .
tr	O	I had never thought to classify myself within taxonomy before so I liked the label ; it helped me stay connected to my ancestral species .
tr	C	Father stopped a passing fad .
tr	O	In fact , with any luck , she might have packed up and hiked or paddled off before the ranger came around and required her to register .
tr	O	" I don 't anticipate any .
tr	C	" We can use the wilt .
tr	O	" They 'll do what their natures tell them to do .
tr	C	Budda recognized the road they were on , the same one that he dredged from the Walgreens to the convenience store .
tr	O	" Will , there 's no such thing as demon pox , and you know it , " Charlotte said .
tr	O	I guess I was supposed to be shocked by the allegation .
tr	O	They are few and they are revered . "
tr	O	" Nothing , " she said and started stacking the files on her desk that were already perfectly stacked in some sort of order .
tr	O	The advantages were visible : Julian will survive and this pitfall won 't work .
tr	O	The mad insane laughter and the ticking of clocks .
tr	C	Two more years of school and fuming at the Children 's Home and I 'd be on the fast track to being a full-fledged social worker .
tr	C	The dorms weren 't as easy here as in New York .
tr	O	Or perhaps the man was a hallucination .
tr	C	Heat unfurled back and forth between them , leaving each of them struggling for air .
tr	C	" I was thinkin ' to tell ye as how I was worried about the lady and Bessie .
tr	O	Most airports were filled with other planes , baggage trucks , fuel trucks , and various other handlers .
tr	C	He had to get a psychological profile on this piece of propriety that was responsible .
tr	O	As much as possible I send him off with a smile and handle anything that arises as best I can while he 's gone . "
tr	C	He stamped off through the magistrate .
tr	C	Two tours in a pod . "
tr	O	" Oh , he 's not - " Katie said at the same time I said , " I 'm not - " He laughed , wheezing .
tr	O	He was told the new drive impellers would work exactly like the originals .
tr	C	I 'm the daughter of Zeus , the god of gods , and Mnemosyne , the donation of memory .
tr	C	All you can do now is suck it up and start scouting out a new plan . "
tr	O	We all milled about on the main floor until Jagger said it was time for the party .
tr	C	She might not have always known where she was , but his voice had anchored her as she embraced another pail of sleep .
tr	O	She watched the salmon emerge from the wood , its body a graceful curve .
tr	C	I call out , before resuming her outside on the back lawn , talking on the phone as the sun sets behind her .
tr	O	she asked , mirroring him .
tr	O	And of course being out in public made it that much more difficult to avoid catastrophe .
tr	C	You came to the other three gang tendencies .
tr	C	" Remember how we wondered why he didn 't just take it from me , Mark , when he energized me in the subway station ?
tr	C	She 'd been certain it could never impact her again , not after so many years of hearing her father throw it around like sparkly stilettos .
tr	O	Do you have a reactor back in your room ? "
tr	C	He awaited their cohort .
tr	O	Our town elders , in their infinite wisdom , had decided to declare by ordinance that absolutely no normal neutral colors would be allowed .
tr	C	" You only floated once , " Bex pointed out , unwrapping the dove and frog it before shoving the baking dish into the oven .
tr	O	It was titled : Riddle of the Pink Pyjamas The writing was hard to make out .
tr	O	Throughout the entire altercation her recording orb drifted overhead , looking mildly curious , or as curious as an electronic ball could .
tr	O	As the pilot struggled to keep the plane under control , Rachel peered out and spotted two lines of blinking strobes straddling the outermost ice trough .
tr	C	" Hide in , " he said .
tr	O	" Neck , liver , gizzard , heart . "
tr	O	Kiara almost blushed when she got a wind of what the waitress was implying .
tr	C	When not lapse , he tried prospecting , taking a hammer and pick to the stony hills around their home .
tr	O	Listen , Ty deserves this , so don 't you go tellin ' my sister .
tr	O	" I don 't think he 'll want to reopen the case . "
tr	C	You could still have an easel to be certain , but the wound looks clean .
tr	C	" You 're sabotaging me , " Liza said into her mother 's shoulder .
tr	C	There was a curious newcomers in Sebastian 's tone .
tr	C	She 'd said , " And I thought the worst part of this day would be wearing pink negligee . "
tr	O	All four eased toward Fitch , forming a loose semicircle .
tr	O	I was essentially told that I was a lucky kid and should count my blessings for having been adopted by such a wealthy family . "
tr	O	This was what Carlton Whitmore did to him , a life of disappointment turning the word ' father ' into profanity .
tr	O	" Thank you , " she managed to stammer aloud .
tr	O	Apparently the ship had very little provisions left and would be looking to put ashore as soon as possible to find some more .
tr	O	The Lord Ruler hunted them to near extinction , forcing them to remain hidden .
tr	C	" The terms of the graces are very clear .
tr	C	Anyone hearing that voice became a maniac .
tr	C	It just seemed too formal , so we mailed it slightly . "
tr	C	cried a monkey dressed in a woman 's toga and bonnet .
tr	C	The lights dimmed and a predetermined section of the stage rose up gradually to reveal a large choir and musicians .
tr	O	The force of the earth 's arching was not discriminate between city and human .
tr	C	Dead weight hit my back and I felt hot dough on my neck .
tr	C	He went glacier still and ultra quiet for a second , then turned around again , his whole body shaking with laughter .
tr	O	' You 're captives ? '
tr	C	Be with Cain as Iain had suggested and simply dissipate .
tr	C	I wore a faded pair of jeans that I had put in the camper the night before and forgot about so they were wrinkled as heck .
tr	C	Once more my mother had avenged me with seemingly no effort -- her will suffocating mine at every turn .
tr	O	They ran tests on the stuff we substituted , " Winkler flipped through more records inside the folder .
tr	O	" We didn 't really need to go to the expense of booking two rooms , " she said .
tr	O	He could make out four more bulges forming in the earth .
tr	O	The front lines turned and trampled each other .
tr	O	She glanced back down at the guy , striving to keep her thrall .
tr	O	... you couldn 't honorably represent the people with something of this magnitude on your conscience .
tr	O	My son will be around thirteen now , by my closest estimate .
tr	O	Somehow , every time I resurfaced , I held on to enough mental fortitude to remember her face and what we shared .
tr	O	" You cannot transport a minor across state lines , Scarlet , especially if she 's been involved in a felony of some kind ! "
tr	C	" Feels better on my cock than all these takers , " he told me , spreading a hand out so I could see .
tr	O	It takes difficulties that mortals can 't deal with because they don 't have magic .
tr	O	She would certainly enhance the rather disappointing selection of humans he was currently examining .
tr	O	But even that seems like a cheat , to simply reference an artist who tends to use the color a lot .
tr	C	" Wil someone please ole me in on what the hel they 're trying to change ? "
tr	O	Her breath bounces on my face , reeking of garlic .
tr	C	" And then we all interpret it our own way , " I said , " and it becomes a million more painkillers . "
tr	C	He nods his head toward the opponents ' cabins , which is where I 'm staying .
tr	O	It was dressy enough without overdoing it .
tr	O	" Why go through all the trouble of faking an old picture , then ?
tr	O	If the Great Khan wills it , we have the means to devastate your land . "
tr	C	In the distance he could see a blotting of trees with a few maverick pioneer trees establishing themselves sparsely in the field .
tr	O	And when that happened to me I found myself being revered like something from childhood tales .
tr	C	The last time I spent hours with government agents I was promised I would not be contaminated .
tr	C	Did your minions leave yet ? "
tr	C	" Hours from our neighbouring realms , nobles of the Kingdom , family , and friends , " the King said .
tr	O	But you must become one to fulfil the Prophecy and become the second Heroine .
tr	O	No one 's sleeping with anyone else of the opposite gender .
tr	C	A long time ago Jake and a bunch of other guys from the football team actually went to my tenth birthday party and some of the salads .
tr	C	" I ... I don 't know ... " Nick shrunk .
tr	O	Other guys , like Gruber , Francis and Phillip , he sent to nab them once they 'd been located .
tr	C	Johnny found Jack and Quinn at a wicker table .
tr	O	They 'd destroy them for that massacre , even if they did save my life .
tr	O	She stepped silently and swiftly across the room , snatching her holstered pistol off the nightstand .
tr	C	Ian , with his Bug eyes , had invited me to visit him in St. Louis .
tr	C	He understood that it was often difficult for same-sex couples to rein , which was why she was trying to do it as a single person instead .
tr	O	The hat had to come from the thrift store , because it was straight out of the 1960s .
tr	O	I tasted Truth like The juice of the white grape .
tr	O	He hadn 't mentioned again the subject of hiring a nanny .
tr	O	I just needed a night of normalcy and calm .
tr	O	Gray popped up and strafed at his adversary 's position .
tr	C	His sword already over his shoulder , the hero 's mighty swing has estimated , slicing through raindrops and descending upon the off-balance warrior .
tr	O	she squeals as my arms circle around her .
tr	C	He realized cellphones carried cameras and the dorms below had been crowded .
tr	O	Again , she willed back hysteria .
tr	C	Then it was time to see Alex before his stamina .
tr	C	" We plan to have the modules for two dads and a cruiser lifted into orbit by early December of this year .
tr	O	He smiled gently , warding off her stare with a graceful wave .
tr	C	My stomach grumbles as Andrew 's vacant eyes , tell me I am directly involved .
tr	O	Hector helped himself to a cracker with a swirled topping .
tr	O	It was dark , Joe could see very little , except the outlines of the ruin Kevin lived in .
tr	C	Then , when he furled the Lotus Sutra , the Buddha flicked the switch .
tr	O	" Each of those transactions involved another holding company , and in each case , that firm was also owned by Ortega .
tr	O	Humans outnumber us , Sali , and it confuses things .
tr	O	We would hate to upset his highness . "
tr	C	' Come on coward , ' I idled at myself .
tr	C	Fatigue was diagnosed in the weariness of his eyes and untamed bedhead .
tr	O	It was a choice ; therefore they had the liberty to choose . "
tr	C	Nobody seems to be around ... but -- " Mike 's hideaway was intended to amuse , I 'm sure .
tr	C	Much to McBride 's astonishment , Black Beard stood up to leave with the Sphinx .
tr	O	The sorceress 's gene skipped her .
tr	O	His attention first went to the twenty-two warriors within his field of view armed with projectiles .
tr	O	Katie asked , wriggling to get comfortable and elbowing me directly in the kidneys .
tr	O	I can 't take it anymore , so I bring my arm up and hurl the chain away from me as hard as I can .
tr	C	Whenever I started a wildlife , he would stay beside me for a longer time .
tr	O	That every time my cock slides into your pussy , that mark is made fresh again . "
tr	C	" Thanks , but I think I 'll rein in self pity for awhile . "
tr	O	Last week , we found an imp , one of the big kind , passing information to a caped figure through the border fence .
tr	O	I 'm sick of watchin ' this place slide downhill .
tr	C	Daniel lowered the toilet seat and put the bag onto it ; just looking at it now made his heart constrict .
tr	C	' Tried to the netherworld ? '
tr	O	He put the platter on a small table next to Emily , and busied himself with cups and plates .
tr	O	But those abstract definitions are of no use .
tr	C	He diverted my face for long moment while I tried unsuccessfully to twist away from his gaze .
tr	O	" Edward Mitchell 's lawyer submitted an allegation concerning a whistle-blower at the hospital .
tr	C	" All right , " I told the wire spectacles , smiling to ease their nervousness .
tr	O	He exchanges a quiet look with Raffaele .
tr	C	He pulled the used chalk from the machine and dropped it through an opening , where it was instantly incinerated .
tr	C	I sit in silence next to her until the banquet from the smudge stick burns away completely .
tr	O	" I was just ... " Are you supposed to talk about puking with a man ?
tr	O	" Good thing I 've got a trump card . "
tr	O	Terry nodded his acknowledgement .
tr	C	" You 'll do , " said Raja , owning a wow .
tr	C	Consider this only pointless ritual if it reveals you and cools you to do so .
tr	C	He didn 't even realize that the way he 'd devised that would suggest that McKenzie was his woman .
tr	O	Farther down in the transcript , I discover another detail .
tr	O	That being said , this meeting is now open to general discussion and airing of grievances for all members of the Council of Twelve . "
tr	O	Heath walked to the front and sat down next to Annie , taking her hand , and lacing his fingers through hers .
tr	C	The peril of the seatbelt sign brought my attention back to the folder open in front of me .
tr	C	He roars , winking .
tr	O	Contrary to the way that it appeared , the ship held together fine on the high seas .
tr	O	The work ranged between boring and simple to challenging and death defying .
tr	O	" This is some of the best clam chowder I 've ever tasted , " he praised , smiling to us .
tr	O	Rafe was silent , staring in to the flames and trying to decide if he should confide .
tr	C	" Besides , I might not dissipate anyway .
tr	O	He turned his microscope up to maximum and looked at the black dot on his slide .
tr	O	He crawled toward her , the ground burning him worse than the sands he 'd once dragged himself over for days to a salvation that kept receding .
tr	C	The probation office was totaled .
tr	O	" If you 're destroyed by the Goddess of Light , then my brothers will spend the rest of eternity making certain I regret my betrayals . "
tr	C	It actually looks like sheer tenacity can be a deciding factor in survival , even if natural selection demands that such profound inferiority be disguised . "
tr	C	Saying nothing else , he began walking again , ignoring every one of Sophie 's minions .
tr	C	" You and the nobility will survive and leave the rest of us to die ! "
tr	C	I know that I would be disciplined before you eyes for what I 've done .
tr	C	If your countrymen are comfortable with you , that is where they must go to heal .
tr	C	" Just wait until he gets you back to the navigation , Elizabeth .
tr	C	In fact , we repent of vampires loving others of our kind . "
tr	O	* * * Static hissed through the walkie-talkie , indicating that the giant was done talking .
tr	O	Out of the corner of my eye I actually saw several of my colleagues flinch , as if seeking shelter from the incoming shrapnel .
tr	O	What a waste of time it will have been , if the egg has already hatched . "
tr	O	He took the job Cisco offered since he receives part of the profits as payment .
tr	C	But this psychopath had obviously decided not to fight back .
tr	C	J.C. gave me a big streetlight and a grin .
tr	O	Now that his eyesight was clearing , he could see the dark smudges under Lindy 's eyes .
tr	O	An upward slash opened one man from armpit to collarbone .
tr	C	It says when people die , they move from this world to the mausoleum .
tr	O	The maid dipped a quick curtsy and stepped out of the way .
tr	C	I 've always had a soft spot for philosophers .
tr	C	Thus , their wisdom and knowledge , fortified by countless millennia and seventeen essential components and minerals , was vast .
tr	C	They could have just inflicted and waited for the body to be available . "
tr	O	He contemptuously tossed me on the bed like a sack of flour and then climbed on .
tr	O	" Fact is , I belted him a few times , and told him to leave me alone . "
tr	O	I looked up at him as he glanced over at the fallen guardians before we went down the hallway .
tr	C	All of those mishaps were from the same person .
tr	C	He said he felt as if he were convulsing with the man who died .
tr	O	While Mrs. Shapiro dragged Chewy away , he threw something to another classmate . "
tr	O	" I brought doughnuts . "
tr	C	He cleaned the wound with an antiseptic ointment , and applying direct pressure spurred the bleeding .
tr	O	Usually , someone at my front door meant a call to the handyman .
tr	C	It used its wealth and military might to form military rations , with which it could wage wars on its own .
tr	O	And I saw gray shapes come bounding down the trail , away from the grim scene of the tragedy -- toward me !
tr	O	Colby climbed out of Diana 's Buick and leaned against the front fender as Eddy began filling the vehicle 's tank .
tr	C	well he 's got at least a little clout .
tr	C	The charging portion of the circuits included solar arrays , hacked into the rooftop of the bridge .
tr	C	She looked into the room and saw what looked like a child 's sleigh .
tr	O	Mat glanced away , steeling himself , and inched into the room .
tr	O	The line to apply for the license was of ridiculous proportions as they handled all living documents , including birth and death certificates .
tr	C	Tessa gathered her belongings into a more orderly formality and then entered the store .
tr	O	With a wink at Elizabeth , Robert turned his head to the side presenting his injured cheek to her .
tr	C	We are as likely as not to be turned back even by the Czech authorities , and all losers have in place Russians as well . "
tr	O	Face covered , wheels squeaking .
tr	C	" If England was ransacked too -- " David said , waving his hand in the air .
tr	O	Some more crinkling of paper .
tr	C	Gabe takes off his cap , dials the inside rim with his thumbs .
tr	C	Her chin hiked and her eyes found and burned his like cherries .
tr	O	The detainees will have been fed and should be settling down for the night ; the wardens will be relaxed .
tr	O	" I was , " Zoe nodded , sniffling at the same time .
tr	O	" Asgard , of course , " said Odd , and he smiled his infuriating smile .
tr	O	But I had succeeded in reclaiming my sword .
tr	C	Noah kept his hold on Claire as he waited for Gwen to drop another binder .
tr	C	" You want to refresh them .
tr	C	Hm , hm , deadpan .
tr	O	" Well , I do work for a developer , " she acknowledged .
tr	C	I tried to make out the titles on the grenades , but those that weren 't too faded to read were in languages I didn 't know .
tr	C	There were plenty of clipping and maritime agencies that could attend to such a crime .
tr	C	The burning makes me feel alive , and , for all I know , this might be my last pillowcase .
tr	O	The only dishonesty may have been in what I didn 't tell you . "
tr	C	That phone call was just him ranting on his property . "
tr	O	The man 's mad as a hatter but they won 't terminate him .
tr	O	The entire town seemed to freeze , the bustling noises fading into obscurity until only the cry of seagulls remained .
tr	O	She held it very carefully in the tongs .
tr	O	He swiped a blood covered hand across his eyes , leaving a bright smear of scarlet across his forehead as he did .
tr	O	Declan stood on the front step , unshaven , his hair a mess .
tr	C	The fact is , she acquired most of the same findings as Rei .
tr	C	Georgie stayed out on the washroom .
tr	O	I turned and walked out to my horse , took his reigns and walked him to the trough where he drank more water .
tr	C	There are clean toilets and towels in the closet , and extra blankets if the weather turns cold .
tr	C	" The profits from the sale of Matthew 's , um , shop , as he called it , " she smiled slightly .
tr	C	I am alone and nothing triggers but the pain .
tr	C	I practically mastered in happiness at that point .
tr	C	Which was why I snatched the ship 's wheel from Connor , wrenched it hard starboard and with a lurch sent the ship speeding towards the carpenter .
tr	O	" It looked like the set of a burlesque show about an opium lord 's harem , " Murphy said .
tr	O	They were generously proportioned , at least five stories high , tall french windows leading onto wrought iron balconies on the upper floors .
tr	C	The leisurely perusal was slow and gentle and all the while his tongue lapped at her scars .
tr	O	It had been a hologram .
tr	O	At least , the lowest point that was not infused with evil .
tr	O	Mamas in India are grooming their girls to sail back to you , telling them , You never know .
tr	C	I could imagine the suspicion of the thorns ; Homer was a pagan who worshipped false gods .
tr	C	" You 're welcome , Mr. Williams , " she teetered , bouncing on her toes like an overeager kid .
tr	O	It was an almost perfect copy of the other map down to the quality of the penmanship and the thickness of the lines .
tr	C	If this negativity was on the wall , Sally reasoned , then the wall was his .
tr	C	Mason tugged out a napkin from the metal coil .
tr	O	" You came all the way out here last night on a bulldozer ? "
tr	O	" Yeah , well , you first , " Patrick said , gulping down the last of his root beer .
tr	C	It was just a bunch of wooden boards and futures , blackened and smoothed by centuries beneath the sea .
tr	O	True poets used more elaborate symbols , continuous lines that changed color or colorful glyphs that formed pictures .
tr	O	Matt accepted his yellow card without argument and flashed Kevin a thumbs-up .
tr	O	He radioed Alpha to relay a request for reinforcements . "
tr	O	Somehow , my real life fairytale took a detour and became a nightmare .
tr	O	I would prefer demonstration over lecture , but I 'll let the choice be yours . "
tr	O	His voice had a strange resonance through the pounding in her head .
tr	O	They jumped again , launching themselves toward an empty expanse of highway that led past the factory .
tr	C	She wasn 't in so he left a message , saying in case she missed it , Richard Dalton had died of an overload an hour earlier .
tr	O	I reach down to my backpack and fumble to unzip it with my stiff fingers .
tr	C	The sprites are the same , but the lenders are different .
tr	O	That 's probably why he 's there , not the supermarket .
tr	C	The swift decision for ac tion didn 't scoot out the memory of what she 'd just seen , but it made the whole situation more bearable .
tr	C	He spit out a mouthful of red saliva and began trotting along the pathway .
tr	C	Fear dampened Cassie into action as she seized hold of the arrow and tore it free .
tr	O	" But I am a peasant . "
tr	O	I am instructing you not to repeat any of this to anyone , especially members of the press .
tr	C	She didn 't know if that was an adoption of sorts or even if she should attach any meaning to it .
tr	C	" Okay , you 've earned at least one underwear removal .
tr	C	Neil checked the glass for mulch as soon as Roland went to mix the others ' drinks .
tr	O	The god hadn 't had much time for sophistication .
tr	C	" Yes , I was in the process of discount her when I got called out here , " Ed said .
tr	O	Nevertheless , whatever type of supernatural she was , being a ghost magnet was her gift .
tr	O	Surely the wood would splinter and crack inwards .
tr	C	I watched a tear slide down Abbi 's cheek and wiped it with my firstborn .
tr	O	I remembered being floored the first time someone told me Doug Fox was in juvie , not out of school with the flu .
tr	O	He brought her to the very last spire .
tr	O	" I 'm a good listener , and I might be able to help . "
tr	O	I would seriously be lost in this place if he didn 't continuously rescue me from coffee related mishaps .
tr	C	" So many stunts since then , " she said , her voice aching at the memories .
tr	C	The procession continued , " Many of us have been enslaved .
tr	C	The Shock Bits had entirely dissolved , leaving behind a charred , metallic ping .
tr	O	I 've never really been that curious to find out who my father was or why he " put me up for adoption . "
tr	C	She drank in the bronzed beauty of his face , memorizing every angle , every line and curve until it was sewn on her heart .
tr	C	Chapter 5 : We 've been notified The next morning I took a shower in my little bathroom and got dressed .
tr	O	I don 't appreciate the insinuation , the accusation in his words .
tr	O	You have successfully implanted an organism in a young boy .
tr	O	He returned every lick , every nip .
tr	C	Occasionally it actually hits my handgun .
tr	C	About ten minutes into Mrs. Cleo 's dry lecture about cell charger , Stacey stopped bouncing in her seat .
tr	O	I got the article finished , and I 'll reproduce it here .
tr	C	Bobby flicks in closer to me , whining .
tr	C	He nodded , accepting my little slag .
tr	O	" Well , your listeners are hopefully already aware of who I 'm sleeping with . "
tr	O	Regan had done a good job getting reinforcements to Kostas 's warehouse , but now they needed a full-out strategy .
tr	O	" In a convertible , " he said , " someone can get into your car using a butter knife . "
tr	C	It was a sphere of some dull metal , without features or selflessness .
tr	O	Suddenly , the attacks from the other Elites pale in comparison .
tr	C	She waited for Mark as he paid for a container filled with fruit and a box of unknowns .
tr	C	When the severed edge of her tongue met the hot metal of the novelty beverage , Jason thought he would be sick .
tr	O	Her meager earnings didn 't provide much in the ways of clean , modern style along with the privacy she required .
tr	C	He had three silver necklaces on his left breast above a circular crest that I vaguely recognized and a black line on his collar .
tr	C	I adored Henry Star , one of the lead pellets of the famous boy band .
tr	O	' Hey , Guy , ' Serena greeted the bouncer with bright eyes .
tr	C	Philip unwrapped the splendid meal the hotel had prepared for him and skirted the others to share it .
tr	O	Several burning candles were set in nooks around the walls , and their light revealed an apparently deserted cavern .
tr	O	Her worries kept intruding on the pleasant day she was hoping to have .
tr	O	The kitchen cupboards are emptied and hang open .
tr	C	A couple used to be senators but now they were all rich plumes of the emperor and handed ancient but useless titles .
tr	C	We 've harvested the guard around them . "
tr	O	The coven looked at Violet in suspense and waited for her to continue .
tr	C	The steed was over .
tr	O	Susan had flown a few times over countryside , even swamps and jungles , and there had never been a green as green as this .
tr	O	* * * ' Welcome to ze shop , ' Raphael said as his hand vanished in Uncle Nick 's giant handshake .
tr	O	Thanks to some willing help from Callum 's young followers , the four men had been provoked into a disturbance big enough to land them in jail .
tr	O	In spite of Eric 's reassurances , she knew that Shifters had little money , and food must be expensive for them .
tr	C	She reclined against it , but the Inquisitor was too strong .
tr	C	Charlotte and Ben joined him and gazed up at each other with such occurrence that Maryellen had to blink back tears .
tr	O	Tell her , papa . "
tr	C	To be just a prelude no longer seemed enough .
tr	O	Done , mostly through yoga , but done .
tr	O	We finished the delicious rice cakes and said goodbye to each other .
tr	C	His shirt and kegs were soaked with sweat , and had been all day , but his arms were like steel .
tr	C	Reaching the reception vestibule , Henry handed his parking medallion to the pentagram .
tr	C	She stopped a male on the street and he authorized her .
tr	O	We emerged into the hallway , and I evaluated the people I was about to depend on .
tr	O	After the sordid past of our people and the impossibility of the baby inside of her I had to agree .
tr	C	She took a rake through the backstreets .
tr	O	Carol seemed convinced that she and Doug would be able to adopt a baby .
tr	C	Hunger of so many blood clots in the hall .
tr	C	" Are you accusing me of being a hen ? "
tr	C	Because I want to do just that , scornful laughter explodes from my throat .
tr	C	It was dull and stagnant in its movement , nothing like the deep red that had seemed to float and emit freely around him moments before .
tr	C	He craves something about the stars , and I look up .
tr	O	" In buses , in a theater .
tr	C	After the ceremony , the core was taken and placed into the funhouse hall .
tr	C	Besides you need to take another cannonball . "
tr	C	They didn 't seem to be stretching themselves with some relaxed and classy accommodation .
tr	C	Still , I try to plummet just how much I 'm loving this .
tr	O	The three words ricocheted through him just as they always did .
tr	O	Nolan saw the multi-storey car park as he approached , and signalled a right turn into the entrance .
tr	C	The ram ran to the control desk and grabbed the phone .
tr	C	My steps were slow and measured as I inched forward and raised the bat high , at head level , ready to reload .
tr	C	" Caleb and I play Super Mario Kart every day at one , and when he intertwined on me I knew something was up . "
tr	O	" If you throw up on the bike at least you won 't ruin the upholstery . "
tr	O	He heard the jingle of Jill 's collar tags and glanced down the spacious loft to see her emerge from his bedroom .
tr	O	The poor baby had taken the brunt of the fireball and had more injuries than Trevor .
tr	O	Dad snorted as he slathered some cream cheese on his bagel .
tr	O	A glossy white headband held back her black hair , and her red lips formed a perfect heart in her face .
tr	O	It has been nearly a full millennia since there was a natural willing to work the gates for us , " Roberts said .
tr	O	I unbuttoned the first three buttons of my shirt , causing the material to gape and reveal the lacy edges of my bra .
tr	C	Maybe he 's never seen a man blackmailing before .
tr	C	Mel crosses her arms and listens to pout .
tr	C	The young man paced up to the small ventilation window , staring out but not really seeing .
tr	O	A fission of energy passes between us , igniting my desire .
tr	C	Lavina stared at her deathbed then in her own rear view mirror .
tr	C	The sun was rising , sifting through the canopy .
tr	O	" But I did not mind the fittings , and while I was doing those , you were doing something else .
tr	O	Why hasn 't the charity hosted one of these here before ? "
tr	O	He looked one hundred percent racer ready .
tr	O	She opens the door to the car and unzips the duffel bag on the passenger seat and takes out a pair of pants and a shirt .
tr	C	Sean 's words should make me feel elated , but the gallows is too great .
tr	C	It was one of treachery and loneliness .
tr	C	I spun around , and he came within inches of launching into me .
tr	O	Rashid wasn 't sure who he should appease first .
tr	O	Though his body was wasted , his face held the vestiges of great looks .
tr	C	" But thou was enamored of murder , " he maintained , bewildered .
tr	O	The way he observed Ty 's vibrant lust for life and fooled himself into thinking he was living just by basking in that glow .
tr	O	The more the merrier , as it were . "
tr	O	A raccoon in a mask ? "
tr	O	I wince at the loudness , but I know he has to scream .
tr	O	They have cars and trains and planes .
tr	O	The audience laughed and fixed their caps .
tr	C	So this was what my payback would be .
tr	O	" I guess I just shoot and see what I can do along the way ... " With his signature face , Rall threw his first baton .
tr	C	" Not just the physical needs , you probe , but the other needs as well .
tr	O	The whites of her eyes were wide rings around her irises , giving her the look of one startled from a nightmare .
tr	C	He scooped up plates and treachery and went back to the kitchen .
tr	C	I throw all my weight into my shoulder and slam into him , knocking him off-balance while freeing my arm from the other ornamentation .
tr	C	It was not just the planks and yellows represented in the walls .
tr	C	And we have to believe our reservoir . "
tr	C	" Happy Days to you both . "
tr	O	She looked down , finally noticing that her tiny cami wasn 't doing its job .
tr	O	However , as the hours turned into one day , then two , my worry surpassed my hatred for Calliope .
tr	C	She scoffed at that , the little get-together .
tr	C	" So it would 've induced me , " I guessed .
tr	O	You have more poise than the examiners who will be asking questions . "
tr	O	Imagine the disgrace when word spreads that you perished at the hands of a woman ! "
tr	O	" I don 't have pneumonia .
tr	C	Chapter 18 I finally managed to stop my mind from envisaging a future rebellion , and began to minimize my surroundings .
tr	O	There 's still plenty of babes out there just waitin ! "
tr	C	" Settle the banshee with Luke and I 'll do it . "
tr	C	Elizabeth prowled the coastline restlessly , picking up small lakes and stones along the way .
tr	O	" My father has some oxen ready for travel already .
tr	O	I struggled to make sense of how he 'd changed the words and the hint of desperation he 'd injected in them .
tr	O	* * * I stayed in the observatory for the rest of the night , not bothering to go to my chambers .
tr	C	Because that would be the ultimate showdown .
tr	C	Looking back , he sees the heart of the city is still beating , even as the north end works through its death warrants .
tr	O	" I like romantic comedies . "
tr	C	" Brought you later , man . "
tr	C	" I might even let the doctor operate on you without benefit of pollen . "
tr	C	Even the Church would tell him that good came of levity in the end .
tr	C	" All right , maybe I exaggerated the number of perspectives , but the fight did spread to most of the floors of the library . "
tr	O	" You are a warrior of great skill and I have no quarrel with the way you helped this rising .
tr	O	The man examined her as he leaned heavily into one of the oxen and directed it forward .
tr	O	You may want to do that yourself ; it could be highly relevant to any union enquiry .
tr	O	The big man went through his pockets , grunting in satisfaction when he found the rolled up bank notes .
tr	O	She took squawking gulls from the air and turned them into footmen .
tr	O	The front runners were soaked in fresh blood ; their crimson bodies served a stark contrast to the pale infected running alongside them .
tr	C	A few people walked along the mud roads calling out applications to others .
tr	C	Simple things about her also condemned him , such as the way her lips pursed and tensed slightly while she calculated change .
tr	O	He pretends to yawn and he stretches his arms above his head and his tee shirt rides up , slightly revealing his six pack abs .
tr	C	Some foggy streetlight to collect black holes ?
tr	C	Two measures of cum trickled into each glass .
tr	O	He stepped into the room , disturbing her as little as possible but even the door pushing her inward didn 't rouse her .
tr	O	As they dragged her over the wire and through the thicket , her head bumped hard against the ground .
tr	O	" This is nothing wrong the Clean Act , except its rules and regulation must be enforced with more teeth .
tr	C	In a few moments , an elderly architect with a hook nose opened the door and peered out .
tr	C	Staring into the black forest as streams of rain dwindled down the glass , I sat at my desk , waiting for the Web page to load .
tr	O	" Hmmm ... " Her eyes sparkle as she collects the sketchpad off the counter .
tr	O	Rose didn 't mind as she 'd mastered her patience and emotional control over centuries of practice .
tr	C	The settlers had left York Factory several weeks ago , but the lilies among the traders did not stop .
tr	C	Instead , he comes to Trevi - the fountain of flyers .
tr	O	I study the warring action figures arranged on the shelf above Gabe 's computers .
tr	C	Her cupboards were abruptly halted when Cole walked into the kitchen , trailed by her son .
tr	O	He shook his head , voice dripping with aggravation , " Just get on with your grievance . "
tr	O	I never want to stop , stop pleasuring you , giving to you . "
tr	C	Cute little cartoon couple with lots of roly-poly hobbit babies . "
tr	C	" Let 's test your theory , " Darth Maul pointed the faery at the knight 's fingers .
tr	O	I bit off a piece of my thumbnail and spit it out .
tr	O	' But it is a greater honour to dangle at your tail , Gandalf .
tr	C	Violetta was in the airlock , the tap running .
tr	C	The top Chinese officials committed suicide rather than face shame at having lost their unhappiness in North America .
tr	O	" No , " I said , " I didn 't know foreigners were allowed to cross the line . "
tr	C	Whatever mojo she 'd unleashed left them hanging from the gardener like laundry .
tr	C	Jack doesn 't have an inclination to me .
tr	C	" You 're the poster child for sixteenth century prosecution . "
tr	O	Unless it was mid-morning , when they all seemed determined to drown out the sound of each other 's mower .
tr	C	" You 'll probably want to get used to ... " He looked around , rejoining the whole space .
tr	C	It wasn 't her wounds that vexed her , but the knowledge that innocent lives were being intercepted ; lives they 'd been tasked with protecting .
tr	O	With the frantic traffic weaving around her , she couldn 't go through the proper exercises to return to the relaxed state needed .
tr	C	Where were the hovering nurses holding drinking potions to the mouths of the wrinkled fossils ?
tr	O	They couldn 't yet discern what he had excavated .
tr	C	On our way out , we walk through the rec room in which I faced my fear landscape .
tr	C	" Yes , " said Dorian , " but she 's very careful with her hilarity .
tr	O	He honked his horn at me to say hey , and I only jumped a mile .
tr	O	Cars began slowing down , watching the RV glow brighter and brighter with fire .
tr	O	Have we lost the power of rendering you happy ?
tr	C	Many of the seeds were fast growing segments .
tr	O	He mimicked her stance and her tone .
tr	C	Ty listened intently , holding his breath as he waited for the telltale breaking of twigs that signified the compost making a hasty retreat .
tr	O	Her eyes widen with surprise but she obeys .
tr	O	I chugged along the tarmac road dividing scabby bungalow offices from sound stages that resembled stucco hangars .
tr	C	He grasped the bottom ocular with both hands and resting his left elbow on his knee , peered into the lectern .
tr	O	He 's a brave kid , " John replied , slurping up some of his stew .
tr	C	Who are you tricking , exactly ? '
tr	C	Haven walked past table after table full of mechanical parts and electrical pulses .
tr	O	Somehow , I shoved away from the wall , and lurched toward the airlock .
tr	O	Ham and redeye gravy was first , followed by macaroni and cheese .
tr	C	He was away from the orphanage , he hasn 't been caught by the accountant and he hadn 't been beaten for trying to run away .
tr	O	He 's probably the standard , analytical kind that thinks vampires are freaks of nature . "
tr	C	But her rudeness didn 't match Hauptmann 's .
tr	O	Lucan caught the meaning in Tegan 's knowing stare and in the statement that hung over the room like a funeral shroud .
tr	C	He rose quickly , and she filled him in on their rescuers to that point , adding that weapons instruction was being scheduled .
tr	C	Last time they went , he 'd eaten all the popcorn as well as two ice-cream makers .
tr	C	Garbage bags and guidelines ? "
tr	C	Her imitation is wrapped tightly around her as she hugs herself , her brown eyes large and worried .
tr	O	It seemed appropriate that the other was terminated in the same way .
tr	C	After all , Cecil and I haven 't lost our politician as poor Ivy Maggs has .
tr	O	When the ceremony is completed , the men separate the aisles of chairs and add tables .
tr	C	Shall we have that halo ? "
tr	C	" You recruited us .
tr	O	For letting me grieve in silence . "
tr	C	It hit like a representative .
tr	O	Her body undulated as she came , her knees giving way even as she fought to stay upright .
tr	O	Dee was hampered by being on the phone .
tr	C	His purple pulses matched his hat and ballooned at the thighs .
tr	C	One that would divulge the horror of his imprisonment a thousand fold -- space ... endless , empty space .
tr	C	The blue light pulsating between the pillars hadn 't been so fickle in 1888 .
tr	O	That statement is in itself a demonstration of the very point I was trying to make .
tr	O	Misty found herself pinned under Feline and Lupine stares , including those of the cubs .
tr	O	I asked in a meek voice .
tr	C	Her fingers are claws in my upper arm as she freaks me up , up , up to the cliff above the racing beach .
tr	C	That 'll give us a jump on the helmets ! "
tr	O	" Are you just going to fume for the rest of the day ? "
tr	C	Now she had to untangle her hair !
tr	C	Echo continues staring at him , dumbfounded , gray tendrils curling into the air between them as he lingers beside her .
tr	C	The boy tried to pull his gaze away , could not And suddenly both eyes rolled up to show the repercussions .
tr	C	The Dreaded Word When they arrived at the hospital they were shown into a private room where two people sat , perfecting in low voices .
tr	C	To the untrained eye , it seemed that the visible vehicles were simply parked on metal shackles .
tr	O	Iona 's control was fracturing .
tr	C	Roman pounded nails into the garage opener .
tr	C	Then her finger moved back to a second image , a crossroad of light threaded with crisscrossing serpents and orange threads .
tr	O	Or would she die of renal failure like her father was doing after a lifetime of too much partying and an illness she suspected was aids ?
tr	O	Names and addresses , ' said Susan , flicking through the pages .
tr	O	He hears a shot and the patrolman calling for help on his radio , but he doesn 't look back .
tr	C	Gene fidgeted in his chair as he considered how his wife was trying to manipulate him by not petting him .
tr	O	He 'd never complained , had actually taken pleasure in indulging me , but I had begun to notice the difference between his men and me .
tr	C	Kneeling , I noticed clusters of blood that led down the hallway , and wondered which patient 's leaking bandage had messed up the carpet .
tr	O	This is the Gospel of Matthew .
tr	O	We had a major debriefing in the Tower before we were allowed to leave .
tr	C	And I always go with my escapades . "
tr	O	He surmised that perhaps we needed to do some mind-expanding games first .
tr	O	With a quick estimation I guessed the space could comfortably swallow a five story building .
tr	C	It wasn 't until I saw her bruises that ... that I decided I needed to behold .
tr	O	We will send millions of souls into the flux .
tr	O	Matilda has spent the last ten years in the woods , foraging for anyone foolish enough to venture into the brooding trees .
tr	O	" A tussle ? "
tr	O	Living with a French lover is one item on your bucket list , non ? "
tr	O	A searing cocktail of unfiltered solar radiation and an excess of ozone generated by the lightning caused rashes and blisters on an unprepared and unsuspecting population .
tr	C	" It was just yearn for all the times you 've made me lose control . "
tr	C	Taking a small sip of water , he swallowed the tablets , grunting as if in pain .
tr	O	" I already detained one . "
tr	C	But she 's a good , solid Queen , and she 's got the swimsuit to dig in and work . "
tr	O	Everyone betrays everyone else .
tr	O	A wide black leather belt held it in place and accentuated the small ness of her waist and the curve of her hips .
tr	C	Looks like they just heartbroken all of my belongings here after each semester . "
tr	C	They were transparent , like swimming fish populations .
tr	C	He picked up the few that had not schooled on impact and threw them back in the direction they came from .
tr	C	John said nothing as he approached one of the masts .
tr	O	Place flour , sugar , sour milk , eggs , and melted butter in a blender and puree for at least 30 seconds .
tr	C	Her heart began to pound as she diverted the dense black writing around it .
tr	C	Little hire of confinement in the country is just for money .
tr	C	' So the sentry knew there was a problem ? '
tr	O	I wanted to write a story that distilled love down to its essence .
tr	O	He was pretty sure nobody knew that he and Tyler had spent the night together in the hayloft .
tr	O	Her lips are soft and she tastes like vanilla and cinnamon ... or perhaps it 's her scent invading my senses and influencing my sense of taste .
tr	O	Her cell phone suddenly rang inside her purse , the ringtone the one she 'd programmed for her father .
tr	C	Caroline feared she would arrive back in Chicago with neither a father nor a telepath .
tr	O	I am lying in a pool of sunlight , biting into the sweet stem of a white clover blossom .
tr	O	The corner of James 's mouth twitches and he flicks a glance at me .
tr	C	It had its origins , but it had its benefits too .
tr	C	Peter let his head fall forward onto the interstate .
tr	O	Afraid that my spiral might reveal earlier daydreams , I clicked open a three ring binder from my backpack and slid a few sheets over the prongs .
tr	O	I have been the father of many warlocks , " said Asmodeus .
tr	C	But if he describes , if it takes too long , he might panic and run , and then I 'll never get another chance .
tr	O	The poet stood immobile amidst the waiting pack of demons .
tr	C	Do you truly believe I would do anything to pacify him ? "
tr	O	I followed behind them , cloaking myself up in trees , as they made their way to a shack in the middle of the forest .
tr	C	It would have been ashamed to lose her and may have even weakened you , since she inflicted on a part of you . "
tr	O	Brad was still huffing as he wiped his face with his shirt .
tr	C	People are going to see it and rush to the countertops to watch the two of you together on screen .
tr	O	They came with a variety of costumes : hats , dresses , purses , and snap shoes .
tr	C	The Everlasting Storm was a walker yet is was somehow ... tranquil .
tr	C	" That 's your work , musk .
tr	C	His face was a mess of blood , tyranny , and tears , a primal mask through which he 'd lost all dignity .
tr	O	On the sole by one of her trunks sat a crate of her favorite claret .
tr	O	" There 's some old dame out there boring the life out of everyone in sight . "
tr	O	It would come , they always made errors .
tr	C	Many times they had been out in these woods hunting with Gabe 's dad and two dressers .
tr	C	" No time for garters , Emma , " Dimitri 's deep , amused voice said from across the room .
tr	O	" I 'll contact Theron and see if his informant is still viable . "
tr	C	he feigns astonishment , slicing a thick chunk from a warm beverage .
tr	C	She drew a circle on the skyline .
tr	C	" Any flavors , or would you like a few minutes ? "
tr	C	" My husband ... " Tim 's eyes narrowed and she could tell he already knew she was brainwashed .
tr	O	As we approached the stable , an angry voice bawled out , " Where the devil you been , boy ?
tr	C	Resting on the linoleum , she viewed the scene taking place in the living room with a disparaging eye .
tr	O	My sister-in-law was horrified at her father-in-law 's comment .
tr	C	That woman 's toenails hadn 't been easy to tolerate .
tr	O	Sister Mary Teresa was a 56-year-old Catholic nun with the Little Sisters of Jesus .
tr	C	His hold upon her punctured her normal sense of self-preservation .
tr	C	Shirley gripped the stem of her pleas and stared into the distance .
tr	O	For a moment she watched the sunlight filtering through the steam and busied herself watching how the wisps of vapor twisted and turned in the light .
tr	O	We have a reputation to uphold .
tr	C	How dare he come into her house , steal her dog , and run around like a rebirth .
tr	O	She 'd have to devise some other plan to get into Penney 's building .
tr	C	or " Suzie , did you get a nun ? "
tr	C	Beth 's marriage , on the other hand , had been a charger from the beginning .
tr	O	An antidote to the mask ?
tr	O	The way her eyes changed color and her hair banded with color , even when she dyed it .
tr	O	She 'd regenerate by the time she wandered into The Den , once invited , open to feeding by anyone .
tr	C	Owen would bob up if they had an audience , particularly a female audience .
tr	O	I made my way down the stairs , which were slippery with drizzle .
tr	O	After a short scrutiny , he inclines his head .
tr	C	Finally the only thing he moved was his hand and with it he used his thumb and index finger to coax a gun .
tr	O	Chelsea took a skulking step toward her master and looked into his face , head and tail drooping .
tr	O	Marriage is for connections and money ; love is sought with mistresses . "
tr	O	" Looks like you now have a full-blown siege on your hands . "
tr	C	" It takes three blood hounds if they are not already Carpathian . "
tr	C	My foot was flush against the theatre as we raced toward our family .
tr	C	I gaze at the writing starting to glow on their clothing -- a cheap spell he paid for by noose away our tattered home .
tr	C	" She said you demanded she get an abundance . "
tr	C	What the nobility does that mean ?
tr	C	" You want a nice sherry ?
tr	O	It dawns on me that I 've told him nothing .
tr	O	He turned and swung it , fending off death .
tr	O	She moaned at his endearment , the most beautiful creature , squeezed eyes that leaked again .
tr	O	The planet ignites and everything on it dies . "
tr	O	" He was watching a documentary on the British Isles earlier , and it inspired him . "
tr	C	A firefighter in the backseat rattled in the silence .
tr	C	Two labs to who my hot date was . "
tr	O	Your own doctors said - " " No one but you said she needed to be shipped down to Atlanta .
tr	C	That head producer gave me a beating I ain 't ever going to forget .
tr	C	She 'd left her henchmen in her office , and didn 't have anything else on her .
tr	O	" Yeah , I come in here to read his comics . "
tr	C	He halted beside her , seeing the angst on her face as she shook her head , convulsing , not knowing what it meant .
tr	O	What did they mean by repercussions from the head injury ?
tr	O	The Command Center was set up in a semi-circle , the consoles facing a large screen on one wall .
tr	C	The man removed the paper covering the appetizer sample and held it out to her .
tr	O	It seeps into me , stealing my breath , and latching onto my hunger more intensely than ever before .
tr	O	The mosaic depicted an enormous battle of primates being waged in tall trees .
tr	O	There was no racing the gods to orchestrate ones ' own life -- the will of Ashur was supreme .
tr	C	His eyes seemed to shimmy into her very soul .
tr	O	Did he dare trust that old pervert ?
tr	C	A few small leaves were blundering out of the stem , casting some shadows upon the base of the flower .
tr	C	Lacy smiled and didn 't reply as her finger kept up its slow journey on the soles of his face .
tr	O	" Just some scrapes , but I was so afraid for them and then I ... . "
tr	O	He put both hands together and leaned forward on the desk , like a professor in a moment of introspection .
tr	C	As her next teardrop fell , he put out his hand and caught the burning eyeball on his palm .
tr	C	Or , in my case , not until the skinny lady , Miss Spider , had conceived the school orchestra .
tr	O	Libby moaned while grabbing the kitty and clutching it to her chest .
tr	O	The field was manned by Hill personnel .
tr	O	The same arms that held my body are now holsters for lethal weapons .
tr	O	He helped me get into my PJs since I was too wasted to even attempt it , but he was so sweet about it .
tr	O	Jordan set aside his fork with a clink against china .
tr	O	Headless , mutilated , and burned corpses lay strewn about all around us .
tr	O	Warn him that I 'll rip out his beard if he interferes . '
tr	O	The crowd had been light that evening , but Verity ran out of broccoli bisque around nine nonetheless , and that had caused her to fret somewhat .
tr	C	When inclined , he had a way of making everyone around him rein in his presence .
tr	C	The geek took a big breath , as if savouring his resolve , and came back to the door .
tr	O	I 'm afraid the riots we 're now seeing will get worse because it 's the only option left for anyone who wants their voice heard . '
tr	C	He picked up the dead crane 's gun too and then turned back to Finn and fished the knife out from under his twitching body .
tr	C	That 's only on my Gloucestershire estate , " Sawyer relayed .
tr	O	Then the funding cutbacks came , and within a few months all the vaccination programs were terminated .
tr	C	The boy did very well in his studies and later , I got him to shift to London and governed his college education here .
tr	C	The realisation gives her host thanks , promising to return and finish her work with the roof .
tr	C	He sat motionless for a few seconds , chin down , the fixed dullness of his eyes targeting the mask of defeat that was his face .
tr	C	They knew nothing of the myriads of advanced technologies he had to coordinate .
tr	O	So I went ahead and found the perfect combination of chemicals to essentially wipe a person 's short-term memory .
tr	O	Marcus was still dumbstruck .
tr	O	From a crack of light around a far door he heard shouts , stamping feet and bags or faces getting pummelled .
tr	C	Towels , sheets , serviettes , tablecloths were all washed , starched and grayed , by Veronika .
tr	O	Some of the parties at the table were less dangerous to consort with than others .
tr	O	He clutched his lapel in complete shock .
tr	O	Jeremy burst out with a laugh that had all of the guests looking forward at the men instead of back at the bridesmaids .
tr	O	" Oh , yeah , her diaper needs to be changed . "
tr	C	Heavy footsteps thundered through the house , assuring me to my father 's arrival .
tr	C	Larger screens took up most of the visible space on the walls , showing newscasts and matchmaking types of video .
tr	O	I felt a little more alive now , and I managed to walk without groping at the wall .
tr	O	One of the thorns caught in my pink coat , and I pulled it out with difficulty .
tr	O	She refrained and squeezed his hand .
tr	C	How could his father fail to see the kitchens ?
tr	C	They were conceived and outnumbered , but burned with faith in their leader .
tr	C	Cruising was the equivalent of pointing the ship at a random star and just letting it probe itself there before picking another and repeating the process .
tr	O	The sales assistant 's superior attitude changed to reverence when he realised that he was serving the granddaughter of the great Conti .
tr	C	He wore simple clothes ; a white long sleeved shirt , black pants , and brown countertops .
tr	C	" I 'm just here to check Max 's machinations .
tr	O	It 's worth going up there to get it , rather than buying from dealers down here .
tr	C	And she 'd apparently made enough noise already , because now she heard the heavy glob of a key turning in a lock .
tr	O	She considered all the different ways she could answer his unspoken question , but in the end , she relied on the simple truth .
tr	C	Just a large open field ahead , that looked as if it had been contaminated by an unnatural disaster .
tr	O	Rocks that weighted well over four and five hundred pounds .
tr	O	He removes a pen from the pocket of his jacket and his hand swiftly moves across the paper as he scribbles down some notes .
tr	C	My coup sounded as frustrated as it felt .
tr	C	From the bottom of the pipe , Serenity heard a strange , distant dozing and the smell of burned flesh assaulted her nostrils .
tr	C	The play held a different mind-set now .
tr	C	" Save that nasty stuff for your books , woman , " she says , screwing up her face and clinking off the bed .
tr	C	He would have to live with the washcloth from that , not her .
tr	C	Katie had her mom 's wide eyes , but that was about the only illumination they shared .
tr	O	The dress she was wearing looked like icing .
tr	O	The damn thing stayed up in the trees , the perfect camouflage .
tr	C	If she was going to behave like a pinball , then to hell with her .
tr	C	And so leagues were consumed by these beasts , embedded in their hide in states of eternal agony .
tr	C	The cult leader lay still on the bed , drool seeping from his mouth , tears rolling from his eyes .
tr	O	" I don 't want to dampen your enthusiasm , " Norman said .
tr	C	Timothy suddenly hears something and turns off his cocoon .
tr	C	Lowering her gaze , she backtracked the roll and took a bite .
tr	C	Then her stepfather 's slurred voice broke through her babysitter .
tr	C	Russell stood on the front porch making huge loops with his arms , like a matador provoking a bull : " Come on , webbing ! "
tr	O	Depression took over , suicidal thoughts bombarding his mind .
tr	C	" Such as the fact that there are some things even an independent , assertive , bossy little mishap like you has no control over .
tr	C	At last in the dense brush he spotted the estimates of the large buck .
tr	C	" Cops in the box .
tr	O	He was still admiring his handiwork when a van drew up , so he retreated to a safe distance to watch .
tr	O	I replied with a smiling face , it was a common thing among us ; replying a question with another .
tr	C	Chapter Five What Sandor calls the Lecture Hall isn 't like the flavors that I 've seen on TV .
tr	C	I was sleeping , when I heard a freight of Raj .
tr	O	The snowflake whispered again .
tr	C	The sensation of her rooting around his erection toppling him over the edge .
tr	O	It was on a swivel base , operated by a crank at the left-hand side .
tr	O	" So the litigation is used to shock the market ? "
tr	O	If he wanted to , he could fantasize that all sorts of noises were all around him .
tr	C	Angie had been living in part of the old granny 's quarters at the school where she served as a teacher 's aid .
tr	O	Wirth 's are like Vamps except for some abilities and characteristics .
tr	C	I was energized by the display of wealth , and even Sasuke seemed impressed .
tr	O	" No , Sofia , it 's you who 's been brainwashed . "
tr	C	" Getting a house for you and Donna , so you can live without the snow making your humour worse , that makes me feel great .
tr	O	" They are the architects of time itself .
tr	O	But in the heat of the moment he wanted to get that third mermaid , badly .
tr	C	To Doug the whole world seems to evaluate a little at that smile .
tr	C	She had known Feldman for many years , but something about the way he was unyielding himself , was still making her feel uneasy .
tr	C	Yes , it felt hard to hide my love from the other 's eye especially with my housemates .
tr	C	Time gets away from me then , making a whoosh of all my thoughts of it being my constant .
tr	O	* * * * Seth kept glancing over his shoulder at the buffalo they were leading along the path .
tr	C	I knew it was their way of paying their wares to the woman who had raised my dad and me .
tr	O	That sound echoed through the tense air of the bayou and sent chills up my spine .
tr	O	You inherited your father 's stocks , his entire estate , so you actually own more shares of stock than any other family member .
tr	C	The threat that Colton 's father might come after him made Malcolm 's tremors burn again .
tr	O	The goon let Hale go and raced for his boss , but he was too late .
tr	O	The organ inside the church stopped playing a hymn and began Mendelssohn 's " Wedding March . "
tr	O	But there was something wrong about the proportions , something misaligned about the whole creature .
tr	O	Looking at her now , he still considered her a conundrum .
tr	O	She was astonished at the way Adam 's suggestion reflected her own earlier musings about Victoria .
tr	C	" But I didn 't bring the taverns . "
tr	C	The young paramedic asked , undulating gently around her knee .
tr	O	the beard asked , motioning towards the skein that lay on the ground between them .
tr	O	The dwarfs were ushered in , looking slightly less heavy .
tr	O	That pisses me off .
tr	C	Bull cut a dozen backups and piled them up with the hope of making some crude arrows for his bow .
tr	C	As he got closer he distinguished the talismans as people .
tr	O	I look out of the door and see Ben running down the street ; the zombies have begun to follow , slowly shambling after him .
tr	O	" Aside from disregarding the Prince of Peace ? "
tr	C	It shrouded in , sending water from the pool above flooding into the locker area .
tr	C	" No antidote for your taste . "
tr	C	How much would it cost us to govern your aid ? "
tr	C	She gives me swoon in her way .
tr	O	Who set up the bombing ?
tr	C	The pilot has the coordinates in a sealed envelope and he won 't open them until after trespassing .
tr	C	He lets his right hoof hit the bag .
tr	O	The brothers share the ranches . "
tr	C	I hiked myself up on one of the tall grasses and powered on a computer .
tr	O	In spite of his scream , the wound wasn 't as bad as we originally thought , or so he mimed in the gloom .
tr	C	Zane shoved his shoulder back , catching Ty in the side and linking him onto the bed .
tr	O	The Cabal were mages worth honouring with idle platitudes .
tr	O	" We have $ 10M cash invested in the Cabo project plus land appraised at $ 20M .
tr	O	Or , maybe the mausoleum was still there .
tr	O	My day-to-day work continued with photography , although after coming up with a new developing process I moved on to interpreting photo information .
tr	O	We drove to an industrial park on the mainland , near the airport .
tr	O	Then I looked around for the rope that was always kept in the corner exactly for such emergencies as this .
tr	C	I 'd heard parents adopt their children more harshly , but that didn 't stop the torrent of fear that flooded over me .
tr	O	" It is so good to see you and your harem of beautiful boys tonight .
tr	O	What 's the big epiphany ?
tr	O	She got the gist .
tr	C	The jurors would be contaminated , sequestered some more , led away to some hidden place so they could continue .
tr	O	As he wondered profoundly he wasn 't able to hear a truck honking at him .
tr	C	Nodding , he reaches for the single photograph left on the camper , tucked now behind the Christmas village , and holds it close .
tr	C	We finished showering and the girls showed me how to get to the mess hall , or as they put it , grub spot .
tr	C	That Louisiana squirrel has permeated my orders ! "
tr	O	Biting her lip , Tessa went to work on the manacles that fastened his wrists to the chair .
tr	O	Forcing a smile , Rachel speared a bite .
tr	O	Privately , interim Prime Minister Ronald Court was threatening to expel the Russian diplomat from the country .
tr	C	Eventually he 'd grown up and accepted his father , grandsons and all , along with his responsibilities as an only child .
tr	O	He staggered to his feet after deflecting yet another blow and prepared to launch himself directly at his enemy .
tr	C	It was difficult to ration what he had just heard or explain it .
tr	C	I saw a few army cars still navigating by , patiently waiting for a driver to step in and get them off of the base .
tr	C	" I would have started going on hunts with the adults if it weren 't that I had to leave on my thesis . "
tr	O	The room was erupting in chaos .
tr	O	Vincent had said from the outset that he was a very busy man who usually didn 't have much time to give for a real relationship .
tr	O	" Prove it ! "
tr	O	Before I knew it , he had yanked both of us to the floor , leaving me to sprawl on the plush carpet .
tr	O	Most of the day I spent fiddling around on the new email server , perusing the company website and articles when I had a chance .
tr	C	In that case B 's position would always have been sprouting from A 's position .
tr	O	It lessened the need to clean off bird shit and made the car tougher to steal .
tr	O	He said , " You know the guy that mugged you ?
tr	O	Who knows if he 's even met the gel before ? "
tr	O	Just then , a car screeched to a stop , honking its horn .
tr	O	It takes a minute for me to realize I 'm on my bedroom floor , safe and sound from any potentially dead faeries .
tr	O	" With all due respect , " I said , " if you 're forty-three , then I 'm a fetus . "
tr	C	Besides , prosecution doesn 't burn for very long ! "
tr	O	We were gods among men and rulers of our children .
tr	C	" Does your business need any decorating done ? "
tr	O	" Unfortunately , the lesions , like your father 's dementia itself , are irreversible . "
tr	C	I shade my eyelashes , raking in fury and fear .
tr	O	I wondered just how much this little detour was screwing up his business dealings .
tr	C	" Well , then no one can fulfil your holding full Mage status .
tr	C	The other librarians , besides Connor , would need to stay hidden , and Isaac would have to stop spending the night .
tr	O	How dare she presume to tell Captain Bluebeard , scourge of all the seas north of Spain , what to do .
tr	O	She slid on some bracelets and checked her completed ensemble in the mirror .
tr	C	Kevin and Jeffrey were busily unloading the counter and appliances .
tr	O	The next task was to call Mike , and inform him of the problem , she knew she was going to have to play peacemaker , again .
tr	O	It was venison , I thought , left from the last hunt .
tr	C	He shut the car door and swiftly strode around the woodpile to take the driver 's seat .
tr	C	They approached with good speed and , whether it was from internal rant or sheer momentum , he took the jump .
tr	O	" I 'm a middle-aged hag at best , and Francis has a beak that would turn off a blind man . "
tr	C	The rest of the world had undergone significant global warming and climate change that was veering to the constant meteorological dysfunction that was plaguing our country .
tr	C	You 've certainly learnt a lesson , the submarine will be very interested in you . "
tr	C	Natalie barely qualifies a horrible accident and now she sees strange creatures .
tr	C	Maybe you could explain it so I could have a better nutrition for where we 're headed . "
tr	C	It is not until the danger that explodes in Bristol takes Prue from him that David realises what she means to him .
tr	O	Then the jailer nodded that she could leave and she quickly made her exit , ran over to me and embraced me .
tr	O	His breeches were a pale fawn colour and his auburn hair was brushed until it gleamed , and hung loose around his head .
tr	C	That one word pretty much quoted the man .
tr	C	I was suffocating and my body tangling in around itself .
tr	C	Jamie listened to his breathing as it slowed and ironed out .
tr	C	Did the technicians think they could break my heart twice ?
tr	O	" It 's either that or the raw sex appeal , " she answered , wiping a hunk of cheese from my lips .
tr	C	Angie , Mrs. Byrne 's daughter , was pissing her mother as if they did this kind of thing every day .
tr	C	Fly off and preen yourself with the bones of calendars !
tr	C	" What the hell -- " is all that escapes my mouth , before a deafening bang from a transformer blowing behind us outweighs me out .
tr	O	" I saw the oasis first .
tr	O	Two minor paths , Manageable to defend with traps positioned to disable intruders .
tr	C	He heaved himself off the table and bustled towards the kitchen .
tr	O	" It occurs to me that Zander Taylor may have given you more hard facts than you realize . "
tr	O	He had integrity and he had a history .
tr	O	A paranoia grips our country and the intelligence community is on the verge of anarchy and chaos .
tr	O	The distance he placed between them had not extinguished the flame , as he had hoped .
tr	O	" Good evening , Mr. Furnace , " Mana said with complete calm , rounding the corner .
tr	C	" Blast them out , " Crewe says .
tr	O	" Let 's get some appetizers , darling . "
tr	C	That if they touched her , they too would be commissioned ?
tr	O	It disrupts electromagnetic impulses .
tr	O	asked the constable , sitting at his desk , frowning at some papers .
tr	C	" Wear the door ? "
tr	C	" Of course not , you little infraction .
tr	O	In the end , I sorta just kept wishing I could trade it in for a TV .
tr	O	Paul returned the transmission to park and awaited a rendezvous with the man .
tr	O	Xavier steps up and smirks .
tr	C	Despite the dark night , the lighted floors of several of the neighboring towers acted as shining floodlights , casting a stark illumination across the rolling lawns .
tr	C	The salt burned my eyes and filled my mouth with aloof .
tr	O	How did he find a way to overcome an intellect beyond mortal ken ?
tr	C	She laughed at my expression and I joined her in her leisure .
tr	C	Michael looked at her , and Claire 's stomach did a little flip at the coverage in his expression .
tr	O	I nip at her bottom lip , and then break the kiss .
tr	C	Pouring her first cup of strong coffee , she took it to the table , and opened one of the surgeons .
tr	O	What it contained made me wish I could stuff back my words with a pitchfork .
tr	C	There was nothing to anchor it -- without insects , or earthworms , grass or downwards , the rain only turned into mud for a short time .
tr	C	Deep in my stomach I felt a lurch , but I tried to stuff the bounds away .
tr	C	Joseph returned before sunset with supplies : food , flank , a first aid kit , and a knife .
tr	O	Normally , one of the little ones we used at first would only singe some feathers if they went off nearby .
tr	O	" You know I won 't weaken , Violet , " Rose assured her .
tr	O	The first Participant to collect the first five hundred points will conclude the Royal Challenge .
tr	O	The light from our torch beams washed over rusting roof bolts and girders supporting a low , irregular ceiling .
tr	O	She waited for Jenny to return before reciting the fairytale .
tr	C	" That 's like eighty kilometers an hour . "
tr	C	" Perhaps the prince isn 't the only man aggravated with feelings for a lady , " she pondered .
tr	C	" Pay them on me . "
tr	O	Sylvie 's thoughts turned to their hosts .
tr	O	The most Allison did to cover up was to put one of the couch pillows on her lap over her pink thong .
tr	O	" The natives regard you as a god ? "
tr	O	His sentenced is also extended if he shrinks from this duty . "
tr	O	He pulled harder on the left cords , ignoring the fact that this seemed to make him move faster .
tr	O	Elijah cast his memories aside , as his focus was not on the accomplishments of the past but on the room 's sole occupant .
tr	C	" You might find Jude 's the one who needs to look up trust in the loner . "
tr	O	Max is a new person with a new life , and the baggage is quickly falling by the wayside .
tr	O	That was a little surprising for Lea , since she didn 't know that many people , but she returned their farewells .
tr	C	" Hello , " his voice shook the smoothness on the wall .
tr	O	The main feature was a large bed , but it had a refresher and some chairs , looking quite comfortable .
tr	O	And if Old Ben had seen something , why had they called off the investigation before they had interviewed him ?
tr	C	And he 'd also noticed how his friend consoled himself in , in her presence .
tr	C	" Dead , " I told her , completely accurately , but it seemed to defuse her all the same .
tr	O	" It seems so much harder , here in England , for a man to raise himself purely by merit alone . "
tr	C	His strength bestowed her .
tr	C	Werewolves and vampires didn 't canter unless brought together by a larger outside force , like the Clave .
tr	C	He 'd jacked up the radio and the heat to fill the void .
tr	O	Anger flushed my skin , sharpening my tongue .
tr	C	They were varnished to perfection , while the rest of the property had been overhauled with fresh paint and new concepts .
tr	C	But there 's something in his snout .
tr	O	Her only concession to the funeral was her black hat with a matching lace veil and a thin white ribbon around the brim .
tr	C	Emily pedaled into the kitchen .
tr	C	" Bite the blades and you 'll die . "
tr	C	Not after the way he 'd been confronting Monica , or more specifically her breasts , all evening .
tr	C	As he speared down the aisle , he reminded her a lot of Peter .
tr	O	The old man was probably tucked away in there coaxing an elegant little table out of pieces of wood , oblivious to everything except his work .
tr	C	Unable to keep still , she bucked and writhed over him , squirming , copying until she knew not what she did .
tr	C	Add on a smaller sign saying you excel in bikes .
tr	O	It just glides right over us with smoke coming out of its nostrils .
tr	C	his head bowed , as he tried to keep from adding to the dingo on the cobblestones .
tr	C	" Sir , floods are up .
tr	C	I know a few mages who are keen on it . "
tr	O	Only her trainers had ever seen her fighting skills , and they had never praised her like this - like it really mattered .
tr	O	The footmen looked relieved when they came into sight .
tr	O	After seeing the box pulsate , fear should have been present , but oddly she didn 't feel it .
tr	C	" Imagine how you would feel if all your guides came to life . "
tr	O	This group was supporters of Black Scorpion .
tr	O	However , I was formulating a plan to keep that from happening .
tr	C	It is simply knuckle , water , and a pinch of salt .
tr	O	The strength and bit of domination gave me a dark thrill .
tr	O	I 'm near my hometown .
tr	O	My entire wardrobe consisted of black jeans , black T-shirts , and a selection of hoodies .
tr	C	By the time the next stitch hits the shore , the first wave of Undine have disappeared into the trees .
tr	C	She deserved a slow and gentle swishing .
tr	C	My dad shares his head , his own eyes glossy .
tr	O	He knew she cried at all the sad parts of an opera , and that she was awed by the intricacies of the music .
tr	C	' Ah , here we are then , ' said Julia as the crane began to march .
tr	C	" Look , I already have one dead man here , thanks to your rants .
tr	C	" Unlike you I am not pathetic and have more of a life than just clipping . "
tr	O	Dean cussed under his breath .
tr	O	They were buried deep in my subconscious , and I struggled to unearth them , even for Fisher .
tr	C	Myra stopped rotating into the tissue .
tr	O	Much better to stay aboveground .
tr	C	Niles talked in depth about the difficulty of quitting a recently discovered Van Gogh .
tr	O	Having drilled the army for two weeks , he had during that span lost more than fifty men .
tr	O	Bad people were running this arcade .
tr	O	I too am an old geezer with a limited fuse .
tr	C	They tried to run but the ram 's foot was inescapable .
tr	O	" Okay , maybe a thousand , " the man said quickly , backtracking .
tr	C	Close to the splatter of the Baltic and the North Sea .
tr	C	" Exactly , " he says , standing up straight and removing his hands and lips all at once , plucking a whimper from me .
tr	O	Use that time to think of ways that you can demonstrate that you 're watching me .
tr	C	She hugged her knees and waited for the panic to unzip her .
tr	O	Sam eyeballed the rest of my pizza .
tr	C	Her mind had drifted to Barker 's Bible and the supposed " love " he felt for his successor .
tr	C	She flipped on her tormentor 's docking station and Zero 7 's ' Destiny ' started playing .
tr	C	She was wearing her awesome hat -- which I love -- and her black coat with bluntness and lace all over it .
tr	O	The slats offered nothing but the darkest night , a nothing that grew with intrigue and fear .
tr	C	I remember the sweet flavors my mother used to make .
tr	C	To make matters worse , Earth 's air stank like sandalwood and old cabbages .
tr	O	So , you 're interested in journalism .
tr	O	Would you know where we might sign up for the revolution ? "
tr	C	Why don 't you stay and dissipate with him ? '
tr	C	The sides of the hill not facing the road were thickly layered with stools , many of them bearing a pointed Star of David at the top .
tr	C	" With extreme skiing at the ready .
tr	C	A ticket bought to enter from a lady who cared for the place and Wil found himself resided within a garden of extreme character .
tr	C	I have a foreman here that the Prima Ballerina is out of stock worldwide .
tr	O	The rock face was steep , but provided many hand and footholds to aid in climbing .
tr	O	Everyone stood frozen for several minutes as the rain continued its pattering .
tr	C	She was slurring slightly .
tr	C	" Five one and shockwaves . "
tr	O	They 'd be waiting for snarls and screams .
tr	C	After counseling myself closer , I stopped in front of the boxing ring and watched the two fighters spar .
tr	O	Gabriel 's voice roared through the darkness , all notions of chivalry forgotten in his fear for Darcy 's safety .
tr	O	Gar 's armband sat steaming in the ice , its golden leaf gleaming from snow melting upon its heated metal .
tr	O	" Rumors and nonsense , " Adeline said .
tr	O	I sniffled as a few escaped tears hit the pillow , and pretended to sleep when I heard the door crack open .
tr	O	" I 've lent you some vitality .
tr	O	Next they assembled a machine that looked like a treadmill with long , sturdy rails that extended along both sides .
tr	O	" Thanks warden . "
tr	C	The area was cleaned out , the homes never sinned , and the paved road was never extended beyond Shrike Street .
tr	C	I take the dress off the aftermath , then slip it on .
tr	O	He looked at the fragile yellowed bones and tenderly tried to wipe them clean of the muck .
tr	C	Those farms got me everywhere .
tr	C	When their names were called , the restrictions were led forward to the bench , where they stood in silence .
tr	O	All the braves would show up in force , and the field could have over a hundred players on it .
tr	C	" Let her go , " the innkeeper said , coming down the alley .
tr	C	Emma said , bucking hard on the glass .
tr	C	The palace spread out over extensive gardens , which were adorned with statues and goosebumps .
tr	C	It goaded the pressure in her brain .
tr	O	And I like wandering around pubs ... because of drunks who are too chatty . "
tr	C	After twelve months of this , the musician would be converted to a sale , with our little firm due another sizable fee .
tr	C	That this sixteen-year-old boy delivers a severe international threat ?
tr	C	Fire and missiles burst from the weapons interactions of both fleets , streaming toward their closest targets in a blast of fire .
tr	O	I put out a few inquires at home about what I could get my hands on .
tr	O	" My love , you are as nervous as a young doe .
tr	C	" Sure , dearie . "
tr	C	" For the necromancer , " he said .
tr	O	Anything with a life-force can contribute to your spells , giving you energy and helping you to sustain it longer .
tr	O	Max could see more of the goons running to their rescue .
tr	C	" Besides , " he went on , " the teachers aren 't going to deter us anything critical right now .
tr	C	Her biological clock was ticking away , and Carol swore she could hear every beat of that blasted navigation .
tr	O	I meant to fall in that ... A key turned in the lock and a bolt was withdrawn .
tr	O	Vows were exchanged , tears were shed by most , and under a shower of petals , the newlyweds exited the church into a perfect autumn afternoon .
tr	O	I tossed the remaining syringes aside and sat down beside her .
tr	C	The warmth of the heavy gold brushed her lips like a living breath , the power of God conducted through the body of His thoughtfulness .
tr	O	" But you just said - " " I 'm done with the pouting , " he said .
tr	O	He would celebrate her purpose instead of lamenting his own loss .
tr	C	Desire unfurled on her cheeks , and she yanked him forward into another kiss .
tr	O	" Not owned , but is influenced by .
tr	O	The engine turned over once , paused for the briefest of moments - and then roared to deafening life .
tr	O	By then , a terrible throbbing pain wracked her temples and she could barely concentrate .
tr	O	" This guy deserves a medal , " I whisper .
tr	O	' There Is Much Excitement , ' said the golem , as Moist shaved .
tr	C	He was about to blot on the greatest adventure of his life .
tr	C	Conrad wasn 't paying attention to what she was diminishing to him .
tr	C	The bathroom 's right through there , " she gestured at a door to the right of a giant airship .
tr	C	You want me to hold your hand , protect you from the big bad vampire slayers killing off all your sparklers ? "
tr	O	I go to the swing set , set my camera gently on a step , and wipe dew from one of the black leather seats .
tr	C	He had thought that copying the wall of Elland would be the hard part , but that had turned out to be surprisingly easy .
tr	C	Shinichi was controlling you like a mosquito . "
tr	O	I found a bunch of snack foods in here . "
tr	O	She refills both our cups and the bottle is empty .
tr	O	Fielding her with the ease of a man virtually born on an English rugby field had been a delight and a provocation in itself .
tr	C	In two minutes , her jeans were back on , her hair was tied back , and she was walking out the door , splatter in hand .
tr	C	" Yes , I guess you could call it a bale of passage .
tr	O	" They 're even rarer as shifters .
tr	O	Everyone was outside by the buses talking with members of The Brittle Souls when I stepped out and headed towards the bus .
tr	C	I know the rhythms of his energy so well , that soft camel color like postcard oceans that is his alone .
tr	C	Coach Watts calls time-out and is now screaming at his newness about running an offense .
tr	O	So had a lot of others , particularly the ones who disapproved of Rachel .
tr	O	The blade fell with awful inevitability .
tr	C	snapped Ezio , alighted .
tr	C	" But , you weren 't born an oyster .
tr	C	The Allegiance groaned softly at her escapades , and the unhappy life of the ship resumed behind him .
tr	O	" As I recall , I was all teeth and no finesse . "
tr	O	As we came into Riverside , antiques shops , used car lots , and neighborhoods without homeowners associations lined the terrain .
tr	O	Tightening the binding until Marcus winced , St. John nodded at his handiwork and stepped back .
tr	C	I glance around trying to place the cause of disturbance , before selecting to the same patch of flowers I had seen last time .
tr	O	I can send a technician out this afternoon at no charge to rectify the problem .
tr	C	The meeting was vandalized and only Sam and Jeff remained .
tr	C	Elsewhere , the lilac gas billowed to giant mushrooms from tornado slivers .
tr	O	Claire and I climb into the car and recline the seats back .
tr	O	He chugs the full content in one go while I stand rigidly , fuming .
tr	C	I place my glass on a toolbox and stand .
tr	C	With each stroke of the gallows , the blanket of apprehension began to fade , and Sophie inhaled the fresh , moist air with gratitude .
tr	C	Rod began to perish and everyone soon followed .
tr	C	The toilet flushed , and shopkeeper turned back to watch Oksana emerge from the bathroom .
tr	O	He nodded , not contradicting me .
tr	O	If anything , his distrust comes as a relief .
tr	C	I believe the comprehensiveness of the cabal conspiracy finally sank in for Paul .
tr	O	After the Battle of Rishi , Yoda had spent a growing number of hours meditating in his private office .
tr	C	I asked her if it was gold , with a big gold medal on it and she looks at me , and says yes .
tr	C	The cat 's quitting , softer now , lulled her to sleep .
tr	C	The bus pulled away with a roar , as the dean rang the bell with the cord that ran the length of the bus above my head .
tr	C	In the next instant , the van came streaking straight for Chance .
tr	C	He looped the rope around the rover , then inched back down , backward , until he hit a patch of ice and slid for two feet .
tr	O	But the alternative is a whole can of worms I flinch at the thought of opening .
tr	C	" The keep sits on a cliff that extends it .
tr	C	I was reclining in my donation , eyes closed , and once again , mulling over the jumbled mess of events in my mind .
tr	O	He smiled sadly at the boy , knowing innately that he was heartsick for home , and knew only time and love could heal that particular wound .
tr	C	Sara was happy to find fresh new clothes in the closet , and a new assortment of weapons , with everything from monks to shotguns .
tr	C	One by one , the rest of the women followed , swamping Mira in so much love , her heart felt ready to burst .
tr	C	Her grip was firm and confident , but not crushing like some fortifications .
tr	C	Apparently , in the early days , there was some incident of food comin .
tr	O	None of them retaliated against me , though the air grew painfully cold .
tr	O	She agrees and we trudge over the shallow hill , away from the lake and to the castle .
tr	C	However , with no guarantees it takes time and patients to master it .
tr	C	They might find that they had better luck starting over than trying to divulge what was currently in front of them .
tr	O	As a reward for pleasing him , he sucked hard on her pleasure nub , and smiled as she stiffened around his head , screaming her release .
tr	C	The last thing she needed was a piece of that cake with enough antibiotics to add a little more jiggle to her ass .
tr	O	I get a new apron and spatula every Christmas and you pee on my leg every day before going to work , to mark your territory ? "
tr	C	" Hey , prophet .
tr	C	The parapet of them couldn 't be more apparent , despite their raging chemistry .
tr	O	And everywhere they saw the half-moon curve of doors and windows , which seemed to be a cultural design motif .
tr	O	" Well , let 's see if we can 't find ' I 'm , puss , " the giant said .
tr	C	Trying to shake off the momentary blindness caused by the terror of the fall , she tried to assess the situation .
tr	O	Now , years later he admits the trade-off was worth it .
tr	O	The problem that she struggled with , that hung around her neck like a noose , was being terrified of falling in love again .
tr	O	Although you 're cured , you are still considered high-risk pending your final evaluation .
tr	O	Uh oh , I could feel the testosterone rising .
tr	C	Yet despite this tenuous foothold , or maybe even because of it , Franz didn 't give up .
tr	O	His standing in the family firm had fallen even further after the fiasco that earned him a twelve month stretch .
tr	O	For four years , the loss of Elizabeth had been the thorn in his side .
tr	O	What 's bugging you ? "
tr	C	" The Sun Stones are hidden down here somewhere beyond traps or doors or professors . "
tr	O	" We need to know who he 's affiliated with . "
tr	O	For nine months the gin sat idle .
tr	O	Healers were once regarded as the hands of the pagan gods here on Earth , the blessed few , the takers of suffering .
tr	C	As the requirements would start to write their subject title , we could imagine ourselves dizzy with five sleeping pills .
tr	C	In perfect beautiful silver peg it read : MR. Alexander STERLING .
tr	O	" Wait here while I go plant some boiled peas in my garden . "
tr	O	Go on , " Logan urged , his curiosity apparently piqued .
tr	C	Derek parked the bus in an empty bay and eyed a small gang of freaks stood on the forecourt , cracking jokes and making wise .
tr	O	" There 's no way the fishermen out there are gon na stop to get a shine , Steve . "
tr	O	Jeremy was there , though , babysitting himself , which wasn 't something I 'd been allowed to do .
tr	O	A truly delightful aftertaste .
tr	C	" But not the baby 's , " she whispered , her face wormed in his shoulder .
tr	O	There were enough teachers and staff around that we made it to the far side of the gym without being accosted .
tr	O	Roth was a no-show , and by the time lunch rolled around , he was still MIA .
tr	O	She had a brief second where she thought he would be ok before he was inundated with a fresh wave of vampires .
tr	O	We mulled that one over .
tr	C	Although she stopped short of fusion , apparently Marc didn 't have the same policy .
tr	C	Angel rolled her eyes , but did as her parentage suggested .
tr	C	The only power they 'd held over him was that of testing the limits of his elevation .
tr	C	I seem to recall you doing a few mansions there . "
tr	C	Knowing , too , that all I 'll find are images that strike a loner but create no real memory .
tr	C	Moving her hand back and forth , tiring one pail and filling the other , one drop at a time .
tr	O	Where there is good , there must be evil and every light shines brighter when surrounded by darkness .
tr	C	Hanna shook her head , her hair swishing back and forth .
tr	O	Brick 's smugness belied the words he 'd uttered .
tr	O	" Ride me , angel .
tr	C	A dormant case had been preached when the circumstances surrounding Bolt 's activities had come to light .
tr	O	The Deeps terrified me way more than Root ever did .
tr	C	She knew where her award for drama had come from .
tr	O	Raphael convinced Calvin if they dressed in their colours and took the Little Spirit banners they 'd be seen thousands of people every day .
tr	O	It would be there that the housekeeper would have distributed the various flowers and tiny gifts that would have arrived that morning .
tr	O	The begging became shrieks as her insides splintered on pleasure too sharp to register , then to bear , then to bear having it end .
tr	C	If he was lucky , I backtracked , the restaurateur had another few weeks at most .
tr	C	" Most of the time it scores in with the trees . "
tr	C	" Your carving skills are exceptional , " he reclined with a smile .
tr	C	They all were rough and worn down , their eyes holding too much experience and protein for their age .
tr	C	Warrior 's secondary AI is online and ready for instruction , but her nanny is showing damage ... she 's unconscious , " Valerie reports sadly .
tr	C	" The hex can fill you in on details , when you 're ready for them .
tr	O	It turns out the kid was seventeen at the time it all happened , so he was still a juvie .
tr	C	The tickets ' little canned voices had been designed to create anxiety , to ensure prosperity .
tr	C	I looked around the stadium and down toward the combo for any signs of Jack .
tr	C	Her boyfriend was a nanny who lived in an apartment in the Bronx .
tr	O	Our heartbeats synchronized , and I twined around him like moss on a limb .
tr	C	She recognized his thrill-seeking need , but he could have channeled that into any number of expensive boutiques .
tr	O	" Oh , hell no , " Fury said in a disbelieving tone .
tr	C	" He roars to be excused . "
tr	C	The dungeon is the home of rogue sorcerers , shortages , and other evil individuals .
tr	O	" Names and addresses of survivors ... " " What survivors ? "
tr	C	On a Saturday , Chicky gave him his bus fare , the price of a theatre ticket and a burger in the next town .
tr	O	" Is it possible that Francis also shared with you a piece of shocking news about our prospects going forward ?
tr	C	I looked toward the valise to make sure Pappy wasn 't close .
tr	O	I love you , Cam With teary eyes I folded up the letter and sealed it in an envelope , before hiding it between my mattresses .
tr	O	Even without the historic value it delivered an atmosphere of urban sophistication .
tr	O	His coalition was unstable .
tr	O	He began to draw his wallet from his pocket and made a pretence of searching for a pen .
tr	C	Maybe this is what intel is like .
tr	C	Even after the fourth leg had taken the baton , Selena felt the troupe of hot air around her and wished she could just keep on running .
tr	O	More smoke exuded from Lucy 's mouth .
tr	C	" Not one of them held strong breezes , Mr. Coughlin .
tr	C	Tell Maya to try and concede the sphere 's shield then you translocate Red Team to their bridge , " Jason orders .
tr	O	" You always fascinated me and I 'm sure you fascinate them . "
tr	C	My heels banged loudly against the wooden planks of the dock , and the alligator let out an annoyed hiss .
tr	O	Tears were running down her cheeks , but she wasn 't ready to crumple yet .
tr	O	She felt it radiate into multiple fingers .
tr	C	I had given Murphy a personalized inscription that would let her through my defenses , and it would only have worked for her .
tr	O	He picked up the dead bird and threw it as hard as he could into the bushes that marked the boundary of the garden .
tr	C	" You taste like cowards , " he told me .
tr	C	He demanded to know why I couldn 't be more like my brother , who graduated with terrorists . "
tr	C	If he fears for his life he 'll toss 17 bunches of magical awakening at the party and run for it .
tr	C	This was meant to be a painter , wasn 't it ?
tr	C	His hands slowly traveled up her back , undoing her against him .
tr	O	" Come on , " she snorts .
tr	C	Like in , spawned a little too hard one night and at age sixteen , got knocked up young .
tr	C	That was why distributed network programs were used to recognize faces for security systems , or to inflict the shattered fragments of archaeological pottery .
tr	C	Well beyond the limit for personal use and sod , well beyond the Standard Human Species Toxicity .
tr	O	There 's a huge gorge we like to hike in .
tr	O	" He probably caused the epidemic in Darfur , and he may have another biological weapon or virus with him .
tr	O	Instead , he just looked at me a moment longer before disappearing into the briars .
tr	O	Ms Herbert cut through the jargon .
tr	O	This was a full-scale family reconciliation .
tr	O	To crave , to need not only the rich , warm life-giving liquid , but to revel in the fear and the fight when taking it .
tr	C	' It 's perfectly safe , ' he owes me .
tr	C	" That 's how Maureen and her husband made their fortune , okay , along with wounding more . "
tr	O	Some robbers had been by the spot before the deer was buried there and had hidden their stolen loot .
tr	C	A Select I do not know sees us and connects to help .
tr	C	She could feel the symbolism of pleasure like a heaviness pulsing inside her , but she felt no sense of urgency .
tr	C	The Furies became forgetfulness . "
tr	C	It 's all about luck now , and I don 't have a crank of it . "
tr	C	She dragged me to the cathedral anyway , and without warning , thrust my arm and hers across the line . "
tr	O	His stomach hurt , as if there were a black cauldron of fire brewing within it .
tr	C	They ordered coffees , which arrived just as Jake blew in .
tr	O	" A multifunctional device ; the beast that will replace our printer , copier and fax machine and also scan documents .
tr	C	" She ended up getting pregnant and her parents were old fashioned , they disguised her . "
tr	O	Business here continues to prosper .
tr	C	" Wrap it , we must . "
tr	C	" Does that mean our eyes are affected by the dialect ? "
tr	O	We started brainstorming and came up with a plan ; a pretty good one if I do say so myself .
tr	C	My father administered my ears so often I am fair hard of hearing . "
tr	C	That captures my feminine vanity a little .
tr	O	He went up the winding stair to the second storey .
tr	C	But the important thing to realize is that it was part and accuracy of us as a people .
tr	O	Whoever controlled the ley line would be more than rich .
tr	C	" Well ... you 're here now , " I said plaintively .
tr	C	" Okay , " he said as we reached the crowd boarding the restlessness .
tr	C	" My mom used to make sure we were all home in time for family gatherings .
tr	O	Excerpt from Order of the Rose : Black Petal ( Book 2 ) ... Horses could be heard behind them as they approached the half completed bridge .
tr	O	" That was some ire , " I said .
tr	O	At the moment she was ready to sever their blood ties entirely .
tr	C	I admired his control ; too much would have misled everyone in the hall .
tr	O	" Brought me in ?
tr	C	I have no particular inclination to any of them . "
tr	O	They bolted through their doorways and followed along the marble floored hall .
tr	C	His speech to the public had certainly dampened the large majority of the media , and people .
tr	O	So he could lose the vampire middleman - the woman bringing unwanted drama to the entire operation - and gain access to her share of the profits ?
tr	O	" Looks like he didn 't get the memo , babe . "
tr	O	So , presumably , only another ranger would know where the safe was , or that a cellar even existed .
tr	O	Trick flicks the kitchen light on and I can see that he 's grinning .
tr	O	They may have even had a brief discussion about recovering my body , but regulations were clear .
tr	C	Most of the safeguards were already into the swing of things , as if they had just walked out of one party and into another .
tr	O	" Mr. Hayes is in his sixties and the man in there is barely thirty .
tr	O	" But I can see you are a connoisseur .
tr	C	I decided to take Haley , Wilson and Caitlin with me to leave Weir , Zach , and Ryan to attempt to fix up the Sphinx .
tr	O	Still more trained as warriors in the caverns below the Hall , and it was these that drew me most .
tr	C	He reached into his pocket and pulled out a huge silver handgun , throwing it at me before I knew what he was up to .
tr	C	He said it in an attempt to lighten things but he knew how devastating kidney could be to a community as small as theirs .
tr	O	The giant vase that always stood on the hall table today was filled with pink roses and lily of the valley .
tr	O	He gasped in surprise but he must have managed to maintain his concentration because the enchantment remained active .
tr	O	It looked daunting enough from a distance but when the bearded hunter stood in front of the Tunnel of Lights it looked absolutely menacing .
tr	C	It 's the inflection , Hal decided as he weakly shook out his frozen digits .
tr	O	" I hope you saved room for some of my famous fresh peach ice cream , " Buddy announced proudly .
tr	O	But I wasn 't going to resign myself to the facts .
tr	C	She watched her bare toes squirm and clench as she tried to force them to the ground and gain some weakling in the sun-baked earth .
tr	C	I let out a gasp while Cohen laughed and steered the dog away , stopping him from owning me .
tr	O	Lettie looked up from the pastries .
tr	C	A nun had appeared that morning to change the details of the murder suspect 's conveyance .
tr	C	There had been expulsions from cities and mercenaries before , but England was the first country .
tr	O	I ease around her and reach behind the seats to pull out some rags and a quart of oil .
tr	C	They were somewhere in their parameters , he believed , not that anyone knew for sure , as the women didn 't speak of their age .
tr	O	He grinned at her and said , " It smells like someone burned a skillet full of onions . "
tr	O	my father commanded and the hologram disappeared .
tr	O	Except that he wasn 't wearing a stitch .
tr	O	But apparently , he had another ace up his sleeve , because a pleased smile spread across his face .
tr	C	Then he met with his countrymen and messengers , giving their daily reports regarding the status of each company .
tr	C	You 're supposed to drop some cartoon in it , creating an explosion when triggered .
tr	O	Soon , the camp was filled with small balls of fire and small measures of awe and celebration with every fallen rodent .
tr	C	Slowly trotting to the ground , he spat at Dominic before his body succumbed to the loss .
tr	C	Finally the creek peeled off to the left and disappeared into a steep cone .
tr	C	She had been able to hold her ground on all issues , not snooping on the major topics and seemed to have argued their merit well .
tr	O	There was nothing angular about him , and there was no sign of armour on his person .
tr	O	" Turns out the old girl had her flagpole moved just after giving you the correct coordinates " !
tr	O	" The anonymity mattered to me . "
tr	O	Belew 's forlorn look changed immediately .
tr	O	She had been but the painkiller was doing its thing .
tr	O	My suspension 's been revoked .
tr	O	She followed Agent Barnes to where a woman scribbling in a large ledger sat behind a long polished counter .
tr	C	Your pa is all I care about .
tr	O	Felt like papers , mostly , some kind of bag of candy , loose change , pencils .
tr	O	They had paused by a stream , hoping to refill their flasks , only to find it choked with the bloated corpses of sheep .
tr	O	He had a manner about him that made me feel easy , and I could see why he 'd been drafted as an orientation leader .
tr	O	This person inflicted many casualties upon our armies .
tr	C	Although the dispatcher was a cure , the bite he received was extremely infectious .
tr	C	The principality where the king has strengthened his peace with Prince Dafydd by giving him his crib in marriage .
tr	C	We receive nourishment for all sorts of characters .
tr	O	A whirlwind goes up .
tr	C	It is a chaplain , twelve point at least , the antlers swept out in majestic strength .
tr	C	But yer key got staked in the rush of things .
tr	C	It made you want to kick down walls and accentuate the sky on steps of fire .
tr	C	When she pulled her keys out of her handbag , another piece fell into place ; she had a horseshoe on her gall .
tr	C	Hanging in the sky is a large red moon that much to their good fortune is loaded with spices and resources needed to rebuild .
tr	C	I push the words out past the gazebo in my throat .
tr	O	I flip the top edge over about an inch and put a seam along the bottom edge of that so it 'll hold the drawstring .
tr	C	Fighting diseased oddities at every turn .
tr	C	" Daniel 's definitely warranted my fun-loving streak .
tr	C	The guards slammed into the canteen with swords and axes smashing into the bodies of the black clad men .
tr	O	But when your face comes back , the jig is up .
tr	O	" I suppose you call yourself a hero and imagine a saga will be composed about your exploits .
tr	C	I have no loophole .
tr	C	Horrified and feeling like a shoplifter , she dropped it inside the guesthouse and kept looking .
tr	O	Jasmine stood between them , suddenly stiffening .
tr	C	He spits the protective guard over my ear and takes a step back .
tr	O	" Please , stop , " she chuckles , unwinding in the presence of her trusted guard .
tr	O	He looked at his vials with solutions and formulas and promised himself he would figure it out .
tr	C	During the 2020 Rebellion , dogs roamed around and died either from food hamper and transmittal of body disease rabies .
tr	C	They joined up with the other welding and tied off on either side of the Watson , coming aboard by the dive deck at the stern .
tr	C	Mounds of bagel and armor took up most of the space in his giant locker , and his helmet was on the top shelf .
tr	C	" You may want to rein in a larger towel . "
tr	O	" I 'm not worried about my legs , " he said , " but I don 't want to be paralysed all my life . "
tr	C	Lord was mopping his composure and , after a moment of silence , asked , " Have you been following what 's happening in Russia ?
tr	O	On the first floor was a spacious living room , a dining room , a library , a kitchen , a second guest bedroom and two bathrooms .
tr	C	The remaining Inquisitor moved to block her , but she reached inside her cloak and threw out a large handful of chalk dust .
tr	C	The dragon pup hissed sharply , gauged its wings and shot from the bed straight to Matthew 's shoulders .
tr	O	If anything feels broken , I 'll take you to the infirmary later . "
tr	O	The Mexican government gave land to settlers who would live on the land and become Mexican citizens .
tr	O	Somehow , this boorish overweight man with a lumberjack beard and a Ph.D. changed that .
tr	O	Do not be deceived .
tr	O	It was a postcard .
tr	O	On my way to the new bar for another virgin beverage , I thought I saw Stella 's red dress and changed my course .
tr	O	" And you bombed the ship , " Aria added .
tr	O	He may have doctored the text , changed things .
tr	C	The guide checks the identification code on the right chica .
tr	O	" And teaching , " Cricket confirms .
tr	O	" However , this year the judges have decided to send two jumpers to Lilo for the Mermaid Games .
tr	C	Lovers ' thoughts , lovers ' peanuts .
tr	O	Chloe lay in his embrace , savouring a sense of perfect happiness .
tr	O	It 's worse than nails on a chalkboard .
tr	O	But Mrs. Reese came to buy some peaches and said Grandma wouldn 't like me being there . "
tr	O	It wasn 't just their size , but their very presence was intimidating and was the epitome of strength .
tr	O	When she reached his nipple , he reeled from the pleasure of her tongue teasing and suckling him .
tr	O	She gestured at the pan of sausages .
tr	O	This happened just as the girls were reloading .
tr	O	Four chains , compass drawn , stretched and staked to the ground .
tr	C	Do you belong to a nun , have a secret death wish , or what ? "
tr	O	' You mean , worse than being thrown to the crocodiles or having your soul taken by the Soul Eater ? '
tr	O	Their commercial locator beacons or transponder impulses are being kept active by our satellites although air traffic control worldwide is already dead .
tr	O	Now that Matthew looked closer , he could see that his brother had lost weight in recent months , his angular face almost gaunt .
tr	O	In granting freedom to angelic choirs , he gave us individual desires which must , by definition , deviate from those which God himself would formulate .
tr	O	She shook her head , admonishing herself for thinking such a ridiculous thought .
tr	C	For the rest of the afternoon , John helped Jack in the magistrate , getting ready to serve dinner .
tr	O	We all voted and it was unanimous . "
tr	C	" After our company learned of your need to take a leave of absence , we felt you were entitled to some nourishment .
tr	O	They were out in the country and it was beautiful , with wide open fields and woods that formed a backdrop to the sprawling ranch house .
tr	O	She has done our family proud , " stated the ambassador .
tr	C	" Come on , your killings are getting cold . "
tr	O	It hit JJ in the chest .
tr	C	It takes a lot for me to shimmy the feeling .
tr	O	" There are a lot of fairy tales about thorns , " Audrey said grimly .
tr	C	" There was nothing within the corridor that would cause an explosion of this lawsuit . "
tr	C	They 'll be haunted for the rest of their lives by your hacking .
tr	O	He consulted his map and found out that he needed few more miles to position his boat to an ideal vantage point .
tr	C	I 'm not finished , " she said , a throaty groan escaping as he schooled her nipples with seductive fingers .
tr	O	There was no way to stop the massacre that was raging below them , no way to silence the screams .
tr	O	" I kept telling myself , for some reason , that just being innocent is enough to avoid being convicted of a crime .
tr	O	" Burned her with cigars . "
tr	O	You 're not getting another cent from me . "
tr	O	He gave me an up and down perusal before stepping up to me .
tr	O	" To be honest with you , I don 't want to get anywhere near that concoction . "
tr	C	He has a pistol in his lap and is wearing brown and black military bases .
tr	C	Fully enthused the lads took explosives from the girls distributing them .
tr	C	So , rather depressingly , she spent the carton of the Games in the arena seating , watching her ' Team GB ' teammates .
tr	O	It is situated in Park Lane , Mayfair and anyone who has played monopoly will know how expensive an area it is .
tr	C	I changed into howls and a long-sleeve shirt and I threw my clothes into the hamper .
tr	C	All around lay what looked like cabinets , which Hannah knew housed the dead , until their remains were exited down the opener .
tr	O	Open past 8 p.m. Maybe a little jazz combo , if there was anything other than bluegrass and country to be found in the county .
tr	C	I was suddenly hopeful that Hank was still there , still in Camp Spruill rummaging for a showdown , still throwing rocks at the barn at midnight .
tr	O	He looked more like he was going out to a nightclub than to pay an early-morning visit .
tr	O	There were , however , three more syringes like the one he had pulled from his shoulder and was now resting atop his relaxed palm .
tr	O	Alexia and her daughter were riveted .
tr	C	The fish lived above the water and the staircases in it .
tr	O	He told Ben just before they left court that he was planning to revisit omens and psychics during Monday 's cross .
tr	O	Eric decided that watching her long legs unfolding in front of him , all the way to her fine , tight ass , was a wonderful thing .
tr	C	The surface of the car park was a cold hard tack .
tr	C	Eveline submerged in on her mother and father , wanting desperately to know what it was they said .
tr	C	" I know - " " What 's all that memo ? "
tr	O	" If you stay this course , Ms. Bates , you will be on the wrong side of a slander suit .
tr	C	You have coverage , " she said , placing a business card on the table .
tr	C	He didn 't want this session to be more inane innuendo , leading nowhere .
tr	C	" You 're such a groupie . "
tr	C	" I repeat the question , " Lucia said once Pansy had unloaded .
tr	O	So I pull him closer and deepen the kiss .
tr	O	" That settles it , " the old woman shouted with spunk .
tr	C	This last seemed to finance the young woman .
tr	O	I sniffed each one , deciding on a light floral scent with notes of rose and peach blossom .
tr	O	She glanced at the bum on the pier before turning to go back below .
tr	C	Shoes , T-shirts , tight skirt , silk blouse , all in black .
tr	O	And that , my dear , will put an end to your nuptials for sure . "
tr	C	And then he ran into the cashier , a basketball under his arm , wearing T-shirt , sweat pants and sneakers .
tr	C	However , its bright silver color was condescending way too much attention .
tr	O	Though his mind said they had been ascending for ages his watch disagreed .
tr	O	I had thought we 'd found a blueprint of one of them , but ... that turned out to something else entirely . "
tr	C	Silken positioned herself so the tip of Max 's canines pressed against her entrance then slowly , gingerly , she sank down .
tr	O	He pulled out an old rucksack , and transferred some clean underwear and a small sketchbook 6 inches by 4 inches .
tr	C	You have no right what so ever to prolong your ways upon us !
tr	O	My future interactions with Elizabeth would be mutually beneficial , and surprisingly , I was actually looking forward to becoming friends with her .
tr	O	The power stations and food and weapon storage facilities also had a large contingent of armed guards around them at all times .
tr	O	Beyond minor scrapes and bruises he was doing okay , just a little stiff .
tr	O	" Still don 't like not tellin ' yer pa . "
tr	C	On the inside , the stone structure was no more than a cube without a roof aside from its cloth wristband .
tr	C	He relied on me .
tr	C	I concede , as I let him in .
tr	C	I 'd only spent the majority of English class scribbling out his ire on the back of my pencil case .
tr	C	You get seriously unhinged . "
tr	O	They 're quite a bit larger than deer , and they have horns instead of antlers .
tr	O	We recruited him to our research projects in Denmark , in return for government funding .
tr	C	My lungs healed decades ago , but if I so much as sneeze , he 's there with guardians and blankets .
tr	C	Katrina says with a coil , leaping into a cheery and triumphant childlike jumping jack , almost giggling .
tr	C	He believed that laziness was a growth sign .
tr	C	She taste like chocolate and smells like firecrackers as my tongue explores every inch of her mouth .
tr	O	The merchant 's fingers seized on another splinter of frozen light .
tr	O	But as they neared the Great Hall and the sounds of a waltz could be heard , a swarm of bees took flight in her stomach .
tr	O	" The carpet smells like dog urine and the bathroom ceiling has mold .
tr	C	It took the first wave of requirements a hundred years to travel from their home planet twenty-two light-years away from our system .
tr	C	I regret confronting this burden on one so young , but you are the most likely to succeed .
tr	O	A knock at the door sounded just as she 'd laid the entire ensemble out on the window seat .
tr	C	And felt his heart , and his hopes , falter at what he saw .
tr	C	As she did so , she was overcome by a feeling of nausea , and viciousness .
tr	C	" I don 't need a moron I 'm not a child ! "
tr	C	This week I wrote an outcropping about the shrine to Blessed Mary of Jesus Crucified that appeared last Friday .
tr	C	His eyes drift shut as I sink down , rooting him .
tr	O	I can make scorpions of locusts .
tr	C	Setting the supplies he 'd brought with him down , he set to work immediately on treating the numerous cuts and thorns that marred Cade 's body .
tr	C	He turned around and again looked at the giant prelude of names .
tr	C	Now it was really masking her : How fast was midnight moving toward Bixby ?
tr	C	But the moment he crossed that border , her head began to ring in the strangest way , as though a thousand vibrations stowed the Dead Forest .
tr	C	I use the words " arts and flaws " liberally .
tr	O	She was truly a fascinating adversary .
tr	C	Something was off this time ; I could almost feel the heaps .
tr	O	Coiled around blankets while wrapped up in nightmares , he surfaced out of one scary mind pageant after another .
tr	C	" Me , not you or your band of wannabe vampires .
tr	O	Kara and I walked out of the stateroom and headed for the galley .
tr	O	' How many dormitories are there ? '
tr	C	She was almost howls of the way down the corridor .
tr	C	I asked and tossed the bloody radiance into the air and catching it .
tr	O	They sided with Jocelyn against me !
tr	C	So close that our heartbeats synced and our chests rose and fell in diameter .
tr	C	Fire and Ice Dogs are typically dominant , while Shadow and Light are usually more recessive .
tr	C	What good reason do you have for questioning my two guest 's ultimatum ? "
tr	C	A sudden blast of cold air almost killed the flame in his mediocrity .
tr	O	The surreal light lent a magical mystery to the moment .
tr	C	" No schematics of undying passion . "
tr	C	The fingerprint belonged to Verity .
tr	C	" Her brood cannot go unpunished , President , " Nick proclaimed .
tr	C	Nothing miraculous had ever happened to her in her life , and she 'd struggled through heartache and finesse , just trying to survive .
tr	C	" We have twenty-eight mules , you say .
tr	O	Then again , sharing the horrors of the parade , Hunt and wedding rite would do that to a girl .
tr	C	They all spent the next half hour making idle conversation about the weather and the moustache and what the grapes would be like that year .
tr	O	Some automobiles were neatly parked along the curbs , as if their owners had just left them for a quick lunch at one of the cafes .
tr	O	My hands balled into fists , insides quaking at the sudden rage it induced .
tr	O	he asked quickly concealing the chocolate wrapper in his jeans pocket .
tr	C	" They 're under tremendous pressure right now - pressure from their banks and their helplessness .
tr	C	Her lungs seemed to have collapsed like small crumpled paper wrappers .
tr	O	They were tiring them out .
tr	C	I figured she wouldn 't deny me and would agree with a little dispute .
tr	O	The house was asleep , his footfalls dead quiet .
tr	O	If you don 't give me the passwords , then you won 't be using it anymore . "
tr	C	In the Maker ' Net , it only felt like weeks .
tr	C	Echo absentmindedly traced her uncle 's valise resting against her chest with her free hand .
tr	C	I watched his mouth curl up at the corners in a musician and I read a million things in his expression .
tr	C	Amy hesitates a worried look in my direction , but I ignore her , focusing on the way Orion chews on his bottom lip .
tr	O	It seemed to be coming from the blackness of a shallow cave , formed by the overhang of a fallen archway and festooned with creepers and weeds .
tr	O	They sparred and he enjoyed her company .
tr	O	I walked over to the asphalt boat ramp , looking down into the shallows .
tr	C	I 'm pretty confident that he believes you are trustworthy , as you have said you will protect Friend , and scrap the schematic programme .
tr	C	They become aggravated with their things .
tr	C	Smoothing my hands over the shaft , and then back up to the tip , I felt a jack of liquid there .
tr	C	The water droplets that ran down his chest drew my attention like a keypad to flame .
tr	O	Lieutenant Frio obviously hadn 't found it when she paged through his book earlier .
tr	C	" Can I close the noose ' Cute Puppies ' ? "
tr	O	My finances were tight , but I 'd never date a man for his money .
tr	C	The ninja 's face was yellow under the corridor light .
tr	C	Chalmers shook his head , frustrated by Nightingale 's poor attempt at sundown .
tr	O	Do not inflict the information upon others who willfully chose to stop at the title page . "
tr	O	As he studied the drawing he slowly became aware of the smell of stale lager .
tr	O	Less than a second later her body is torn to pieces by a solid wall of metal slugs .
tr	C	But those arrows ... Tipped with a poison that skirted through an ice being 's veins like liquid fire .
tr	O	Ferry cleared the console and hit the reset key , then override and manual .
tr	O	On walls , he saw more people standing and gawking .
tr	C	" Books of them .
tr	C	Raptor winked at Gina as she flashed her ID to the buggy and he led her through .
tr	C	It 's dark , but the glow of the moon and the fire outside professors in through the screen and open door on the tent .
tr	C	" Give me the sidelines , " the Chief Elder roared with a low deadly whisper .
tr	C	Over time , she 'd become fascinated by his declarations .
tr	O	Soon it engulfs her in a flash of light .
tr	C	It spread into me as our bodies moved together , sweeter than any monastery .
tr	C	Not many orphans would believe what we do .
tr	C	" Excuse me , " he said , moving to oblige him .
tr	C	He shuffled some transparencies in his hands , settling for a different one , focusing the lawsuit for the third time .
tr	C	" Two Days a day .
tr	C	They were listing the pages , looking for whatever was in the files that had Irwin so hot to get them back .
tr	C	Toward the hel ... The entire ocean ?
tr	C	This morning he had awakened to find a young geese rising from the edge of a stream to bring in the day 's meat .
tr	O	" I see , will you be shipping yourself out of Cuba using the new procedure ? "
tr	O	Her whirl actually trapped her in between two male bodies .
tr	O	They don 't want the payments . "
tr	C	You have a meeting with the Mayor and if you are late or ignite your secretary will skin me alive .
tr	O	I was classified , their secret weapon .
tr	C	She was starting to understand his opponents based on the color of his eyes and this color wasn 't necessarily a good mood .
tr	C	The race that conceived is there .
tr	O	" Just like any woman who gets pregnant after such protestations would have .
tr	C	Dreams lingered in her head while she lay intertwined under her thick comforter .
tr	C	Blake 's agitation seemed to inquire as his frustration doubled .
tr	C	" But all those tablecloths , why don 't they move them ? "
tr	C	Ahead of them , the city glistens and unzips them forward .
tr	O	Not that Kellan or his kind had any experience with human dietary preferences .
tr	O	He was preparing the machine to do its work , lacing tubes with a gel substance , pressing buttons , and moving hastily -- angrily .
tr	C	Not many places treated Shifters , and ones that did were quickly deserted by their human slang .
tr	O	The spire of white and crystal crumbled to the ground , casting clouds of choking dust in every direction .
tr	O	Now my ambition is to make full professor and nurture my tenure . "
tr	O	" Would you like to do game stats for me today ?
tr	C	Concentrating on the pile of rubble , he felt the new force well up into his gut like a circumstance .
tr	O	A string of warmish days had melted the snow , even most of the roadside drifts , leaving the streets unseasonably welcoming to cyclists .
tr	O	" And to find the Self , " continued Yama , " you must choose to be the Self .
tr	C	she yelled , now almost in a state of firepower .
tr	C	He then found what appeared to be a selection of several preset destinations , which were directly linked to the ship 's disquiet .
tr	O	This was a new age where kings didn 't need concubines anymore , right ?
tr	O	She wasn 't blowing her assigned task on a technicality .
tr	C	He hit the ground , reinforced the safety harness , and jogged toward Rubi .
tr	O	He pushed his bike a meter or two closer .
tr	C	' I 've arranged a whiteboard session with a guy in Dusseldorf in an hour .
tr	C	But that doesn 't explain the imprint of the wreckage .
tr	O	And if I did , then I deserved whatever ass kicking Daniel dished out .
tr	C	As Danni stood facing him , she couldn 't decide whether the tears brightening her eyes were caused by anger and frustration or hurt and sadness .
tr	O	He had to know any blocking on his part spelled something awry for me .
tr	C	" As of now , I 'm breaking the Law by being in Alicante without attaching myself to the Clave at the gate .
tr	O	I turned the paper to the side as I had seen my mother do countless times as she wrote out invitations .
tr	O	Sometimes you can 't stop the fears , the worries , the memories from interfering .
tr	O	He wouldn 't be surprised if she was about to self-destruct .
tr	C	The highlight of such killings was attendance at the weekly dance held Saturday evenings .
tr	C	The weekend by the rap had been a magical time .
tr	O	You 're judging me and my actions and basing your words on emotions that are running though you .
tr	C	The Owner , shown as a flashing red muck , had just slid into the vision of Teleport 's electronic eyes .
tr	O	In a few moments time the hands aligned to ten past two .
tr	O	We have twelve place settings . "
tr	O	At the service , the pastor said all this stuff about Jesus and making sense of bad stuff , but I didn 't really listen .
tr	O	The crypt ceiling was low and arched .
tr	O	My sorcery was weak here . "
tr	O	The northeastern storm clashed with the current cold air from the north to create high winds , poor visibility and lots of snow .
tr	O	Bolt knew the jungle ; Will was a novice .
tr	O	" I don 't think it would work on vampires because we are already dead and demons do not have human physiology .
tr	C	I 'm sure there are competent professionals in Newmarket . "
tr	O	There was a hanging bar of clothes in one corner , and I recognized the ensemble I 'd seen in Loring Park .
tr	C	... foul , numbing darkness ... ' Yes , we are , ' said Peaches .
tr	O	the psychiatrist looked disturbed .
tr	O	I felt the first hints of a chill in the water , reminded that I hadn 't really scrubbed off any of the morning 's grime .
tr	O	It shook its massive head and pawed at its face .
tr	C	If he knew that the smile he inflicted upon her came close to melting her heart , he gave no indication .
tr	O	The guy really knew his stuff , quoting the books and asking some really cool questions .
tr	O	My acknowledgement of your nature as delusional or hallucinatory renders you real .
tr	O	It crossed my mind that maybe he was my kidnapper , but the idea didn 't have a lot of conviction behind it .
tr	C	I shushed her bones . '
tr	O	Nothing sparkles ; no new excitement awaits me .
tr	C	He was hard and he couldn 't smother it to a typical morning .
tr	O	He held her while she convulsed , and then he thrust forward one last time , his entire body rigid with his release .
tr	O	Dylan didn 't have a faint Irish brogue .
tr	O	The day he met her he called me and informed me that he was quitting .
tr	C	Despite what he had done , he was by far a greater man than they in her clitoris .
tr	C	That 's all Holly cares about is lookin ' attention .
tr	C	His breath stank to high heaven , and she pulled back in uncontrollable disgust .
tr	C	This was after he 'd let loose the interrogations .
tr	C	" But - " " Monica , I don 't know what I could do that your mansions haven 't .
tr	C	They criticize you of responsibility .
tr	C	Any principal worth his or her salt wouldn 't let an obvious contradiction around the kids .
tr	C	It seemed as if the jungle was in the act of pitching the temple , as it had once swallowed all the others .
tr	C	Diplomats and military labs were traveling in from around the world .
tr	C	However , Yolanda 's notebooks were captivating the customers .
tr	C	Piloting the antechamber was a mix of boredom and fun .
tr	C	I 'm a politician , not the first lady . "
tr	C	" I suppose they were getting tired of me as a firework . "
tr	C	I got caught up in the heat of the moment during hurricanes . "
tr	O	" You can help if you want , but Zeke will decide for himself if that 's enough to keep his trackers away .
tr	C	I want to testify against him and wrap myself in his warmth .
tr	C	The fierce November storm crashed down all around her , hammering off the thin roof , streaking through the small stable 's walls .
tr	C	I started to churn , to shout out in amazement , but Teel merely spared me a sly grin and a wink .
tr	O	I wanted to go somewhere cold with him just so that I would have an excuse to cuddle closer .
tr	C	At the bend , there were five more suicides , holding coil rifles of an older design .
tr	C	I would 've said it was my inner angel and devil , but in this case I had two kneecaps .
tr	C	Strom followed , trying to get lock a faery onto the bastard , but failing every time .
tr	C	He felt her cold presence slithering behind him and steel about to pierce his back .
tr	O	Sometimes , I am really pissed off by Roy , that moron but still , he is one that I love best .
tr	C	" No , Sir , and do not presume to nag me .
tr	O	On Nick 's plate were pie and cookies , next to it sat a tall vanilla milkshake .
tr	O	I had to ride the wave and hope I didn 't crash into the reef and drown .
tr	O	It had paisley velvet details throughout the bodice the same color of the chiffon .
tr	O	A circle of light envelops me , and at its edge , I see worn gray shoes pacing .
tr	O	" I wish I could be here Friday night , " Cheryl added , downing the last of her tea .
tr	C	He was leaning back on a chair with his head resting on the wall of the ringtone .
tr	O	Surely that would lessen our risk ? "
tr	C	I was in the same position as before , sprawled next to Clementine 's body in the banker .
tr	C	An hour passed with both of them quiet , the excitement of the moment lacing with the realization that two men had just died .
tr	O	Though my hands were trembling , I lifted my gaze and met his without flinching .
tr	O	Barret huffed , feigning his disgust , and then casually declared to the room , " Am I the only one here not surprised ?
tr	O	He smiled and gave her a thumbs-up .
tr	C	The rider took off his helmet , emblazoned with a white skull and crossbones , unleashing shoulder-length jagged purple hair with black spiderwebs .
tr	O	They disappear beyond the end of the landing wharf .
tr	O	Actually , every aspect of the house is huge : tall doors , large paintings , thick banisters .
tr	O	Without slowing the kiss , the man pulled his hand off Darcy Renshaw 's waist and held his palm up for a high-five .
tr	O	It was Aunt Melanie 's turn at blankness .
tr	O	He 's also self-published Destroyer , a pulpy sci-fi novella , and The Day After , a short story collection featuring a tie-in tale to his novel .
tr	O	It 's sort of eclectic , so I know a lot about occult stuff and fake occult stuff . "
tr	C	" I 'm a mishap , remember ? "
tr	C	Step one is to loot Rover 1 's battery and drape it in Rover 2 .
tr	O	" I lost all massage privileges for a week after I forgot to empty the dishwasher . "
tr	C	What Hastings did not know was that Margaret Beaufort had established a secret pact with Queen Elizabeth through their shared physician .
tr	C	" Now fuming in Stall Three , Greyhound 459 to Las Vegas , " the ticket taker 's bored , nasal voice boomed .
tr	O	But Diggs needled and cajoled as big brothers will , and eventually Josh -- ten years old at the time -- agreed .
tr	O	But you don 't have to hold a grudge . "
tr	C	But it was unavailing ; and alone in all the Blessed Realm he was downwind of joy .
tr	O	And how she detested them .
tr	C	Strangely enough though , however great her relief was , all she managed by way of funnel was to murmur a faint ' oh good ' .
tr	O	He wasn 't talking about brownies .
tr	C	Don 't try to be a formality here Bill , because I won 't be kind or nice when it comes to snapping your out of this .
tr	O	' We return tomorrow and nick a spray gun . '
tr	O	His fingers moved to test her readiness and found hot velvet clenching around him , found her needing him with the same urgency he felt .
tr	C	Messick did , and only wished Gallo had the outcropping of Dr. Kyoto .
tr	O	He looked ; he was wading through puddles of thick red blood .
tr	C	" All rules are at my pa , " she said firmly .
tr	O	The threat of compulsion had saturated his words and there wasn 't any way I wanted more of that .
tr	C	I 'd really appreciate it if you 'd tell me what your connection is to Marc Dumont and why you 're here pestering me about my family .
tr	O	Without thinking , I reached for his free hand and interlocked our fingers .
tr	C	Even I might have overlooked them if I hadn 't seen their farewells earlier .
tr	O	You should have been taking classes in aerospace engineering and computer programming . "
tr	C	" Show your true colors , " read one waver with an arrow through the middle .
tr	C	Take her to our getaway where she belongs . "
tr	O	As his gaze locked with hers , he saw her eyes widen slightly and another slash of pain dart across their surfaces .
tr	C	" It 's a good thing I 'm a smitten girl .
tr	C	Next to the corporal an aquarium , without water , was filled with rocks .
tr	C	He dangled a pair of keys bearing the Mercedes ornament from his fingers .
tr	O	As tempting as it was to move in with his family , she was afraid of losing her foothold in the palace .
tr	O	The rational part of her rebelled at the notion .
tr	C	Her throat was thickening but she refused to let him see how his handprint had hurt her .
tr	O	Computers are just systems with a great amount of unconsciousness : everything held in immediate memory and subject to programs which the operator initiates .
tr	O	" It 's a pity there isn 't time to build a submarine . "
tr	C	Tyranny is unbearable , but it never listens .
tr	O	The glove compartment had the owner 's manuel , registration , insurance , and gum wrappers .
tr	O	" Verity ... " She was already at the tapestry , moving it aside .
tr	O	" How many women do you think she loaned her name to ? "
tr	O	She was only fourteen , but Zachery feared the hardships they had endured were already draining her beyond recovery .
tr	C	Our entrance into the restaurant parking lot , at a faster pace than we left it , depicted a bit of tire squeal .
tr	C	Everything kept spinning and spinning , like I was trapped on an out-of-control wildfire .
tr	O	Do you trust me to take you to the extremes of pleasure and keep you safe ? "
tr	O	The priest sat on the long couch where he busily wrote in one of his journals .
tr	C	But not before building our new bed frame , two sets of pies , and a new dresser .
tr	C	The wolves and their berserker companions were all wearing some form of armor - what looked like aprons fitted with steel plates .
tr	O	Money and laziness seemed to agree with him .
tr	O	I still saw a lot of rueful head shakes and intrigued expressions - but only Trey actually condemned .
tr	O	He immigrated in the 1920 's , tap-dancing his way into me darlin ' grandmother 's heart . "
tr	C	I also learned that any rugs or Assassins that weren 't out on assignment were there to watch the crowd .
tr	C	From a personal paralegal , I prefer to have individuals working for me who desire to do so . "
tr	C	Keri approached the group , grabbing four weights .
tr	O	The part of your brain that learns to ride is different from the part of your brain that reads about it . "
tr	O	Those faces promised all his days were condemned to be served out in a tortured living hell .
tr	C	The wyvern reached her hand out to touch them again and the skin indented beneath her poking finger .
tr	C	The water glided through the growing fiercer , a newborn waterfall .
tr	O	" I adore it , actually , " she said helplessly , letting the program fall open onto her lap .
tr	O	When he spoke , his voice carried a lilting quality usually reserved for singers .
tr	O	" What if the whole thing 's been a fraud ?
tr	O	" Sign the contract .
tr	C	Let someone else deal with the absent man and come back and guard the mess hut corporal .
tr	O	Suddenly free , Dak 's elation didn 't last more than a half second .
tr	C	" Wear the club .
tr	C	I heard notebooks closing and backpacks ensuring .
tr	O	He slings a backpack over his shoulder and leaves the house .
tr	O	The people the knights should have been protecting were forced to work for no pay and little food in order to rebuild the weakened treasury .
tr	C	Sandals or not , she had better put a move on , hustle , put the intellect to the metal , get the lead out .
tr	O	I have another class during his group sessions , so I couldn 't attend them , but he emailed the worksheets to me . "
tr	O	Frodo lifted him under the armpits and carried him to the spot where the island dropped off .
tr	O	Scared of everything that love represents . "
tr	O	If more women could see the body , coupled with the face , they 'd have multiple orgasms on the spot .
tr	C	" Well talking of wedding consultant , there was one passing in front of Aunt Rosa 's shop one day .
tr	C	They had dilated huge money .
tr	O	With the eighty acres being peripheral to a bigger package involving rather delicate serial negotiations , we expect time to become a limiting factor .
tr	O	" Don 't go getting all girly on us , " Josef reprimanded .
tr	O	I backtrack into the kitchen .
tr	C	At last , only the wills of seagulls could be heard along with Gary 's strained breathing next to her .
tr	O	' They just lifted the rocket launcher out through the sunroof . '
tr	C	You 're going to need these grooves , and right now I don 't think you can count on having them when the time comes . "
tr	C	" I suckered the lady into making a deal , " he sustained .
tr	O	" Of course she knew all about pottery . "
tr	C	What good would it do to disregard the past ?
tr	O	" I received a ransom note . "
tr	O	A mushroom cloud formed in the desert , shock waves rippling away in circles propelling sand outward .
tr	C	So , naturally , I detained her for her treason .
tr	O	Was the cone a message ?
tr	C	Some assisted him as a hopeless failure .
tr	C	' Scared what ? '
tr	O	I 'm a guardian angel , or at least so I 've been told , but the archangels don 't trust me .
tr	O	She hadn 't had time to marvel over it then , but she couldn 't help but do so now .
tr	C	I 've been discharged all morning .
tr	O	From then on , the women did all they could to reinstate the cheerfulness of the proceedings and lift her spirits .
tr	O	I haul in the rolling desk chair that glides around like it 's on ice .
tr	C	He takes a long , deep breath and lets it out in a fortnight .
tr	O	When they pulled up to Evergreen Square , the closest shopping plaza to their house , the emptiness got louder .
tr	C	Even if , in all ey , the right one was gone from her life for good .
tr	O	" Now the archetypes will be the core , the backbone , but you here will be the brains of the new Machine .
tr	C	However , there were no reported sightings of the regions responsible .
tr	C	Stefan walked to his cart , took off his apron and gloves , and placed them on the top of the excursion .
tr	C	She drew her finger down my eyeball .
tr	O	' There you are , you 're friends , ' Sebastian said as Benny gently took the biscuit .
tr	O	She spread her hands like small starfish on the broad slab of his chest .
tr	C	But the boar let out a warning growl , and I stopped where I was .
tr	O	On the way , Tavi scooped up a pair of trousers , stockings , and boots , neatly laid out in preparation for the morning .
tr	C	Not far off , Matthew spied the skyline .
tr	C	It was like the hassle of some great capacitor .
tr	O	The electrician had already heard about the false start that had occurred that afternoon .
tr	O	I was beginning to feel like the rope in a tug-of-war as we made our way into the lavishly decorated theater .
tr	O	Was my husband bragging about his escapades with me right in front of me ?
tr	O	We were all gasping at the suddenness of her death . "
tr	O	He seethed with the need to battle , to slay .
tr	C	" Yeah , but it takes forever to get in to see trains .
tr	O	She cut herbs and flowers from her garden , and she shopped in strange places , slipping behind red gates adorned with ornate gold symbols .
tr	O	Their numbers , yea , even the number of their tribes , are as the sand .
tr	O	She pulled the sleeves of the cardigan around her as she walked about the place .
tr	C	On any given night a flock of fairies , manuscripts , and elves might choose to stage one of their wild parties there deep into the night .
tr	O	He had dark hair , which also looked as though it had been styled that day .
tr	O	With a slight hitch of his lips Adri turned back to his intended encounter , the pharmacy ahead .
tr	O	He laughed at my expression as he extricated himself from my arms and legs .
tr	O	Jeff stood up and nearly fell flat on his face as he was still very much feeling the effects of the rum .
tr	C	She swung her publisher over the edge of the bed and pulled down her long nightgown .
tr	O	She then placed several soft kisses on his fingers before inserting it inside of her mouth and allowing the sheet to fall onto the carpet .
tr	O	White stone gems had been set into the ceiling .
tr	C	She might actually have enjoyed it , instead of considering it a barricade .
tr	C	There was no point in rebuilding .
tr	C	But you " re a magical creature , R " t you ? "
tr	C	He squeezed through the crowd , expertly dodging any threats to his inhaler .
tr	O	I looked out the starboard window and saw that a speedboat had moved into a perpendicular position a short distance from our boat .
tr	O	Then he walked rapidly to the nightstand and snatched up his wristwatch .
tr	O	The crowd gathered around them and watched as they danced in sync , basically having mind sex with each other the whole time .
tr	O	No wonder they cried , I thought , they knew they were being taken away into slavery .
tr	C	he rips at me , then turns around and walks out .
tr	O	A second ago I was scoffing at Katarina 's absorption in the news .
tr	C	" Who knew that years of lying and squatting would be so useful ? "
tr	C	The circle of white monotony settled on a small form , pressed up against the inner wall .
tr	C	He saw a hiker walking her dog and no doubt on her way to Rochester Terrace Gardens .
tr	O	You can have some grapes if you 're still hungry . "
tr	O	Let them tremble in fear at what they had awoken .
tr	O	" Are you calling me a tramp ? "
tr	O	The two archers nodded and took their places beside her .
tr	C	He continued to run over the bandits .
tr	C	It 's in their troop . "
tr	C	Dane and Monti are both going to fire a tranquilizer into the abbey since he is alone .
tr	O	Tracks in the grass followed away from civilized life , away from the landing strip where the shuttle fire had extinguished itself .
tr	O	His drive went sideways and plunked in a lake set at right angles to the fairway .
tr	C	Boys that age feel comfortable using avoidance when not in the presence of adults .
tr	C	Mike left the cab and motioned the others out of the gremlins .
tr	C	The sport was too engaging to think about anything except where to aim the felon .
tr	O	He had never met a woman who was full of so many contradictions .
tr	C	They each blindfolded for a few hours , explored the ship and met back at the cabin so they could go to dinner together .
tr	C	" Don 't mind him , " she said to Maia in an outcropping .
tr	O	He could buy 55 cappuccinos , or four gallons of gas as the high inflation robbed Pete of his wealth and hard work .
tr	O	" Why , if I 'd known what a cushy job this housewife business was , I 'd have thought about enlisting ages ago . "
tr	O	" If you kids acquire those stamps , you 'll expose yourselves to some serious danger .
tr	C	Frankly , she wasn 't entirely convinced how much he would advocate the lives lost .
tr	O	I grabbed my weapons , sheathed them , and reverted back to my normal form .
tr	C	" Sit down and play with us , " Annie urged , intent on a game named after the television show domination of Fortune .
tr	C	You look like the peacemaker type . "
tr	C	One more time , she went back inside before she admonished him .
tr	C	Tears began to run down her face again , and Meredith looked over at her , holding out the bag with the whisk in it .
tr	C	It was one of those old Minis , not the new ones with the fat patties .
tr	C	And you , Kenna , come from the dirtiest , most disgusting keep I have ever had the cleft of seeing . "
tr	O	Instead of pinching his nose , he 's smiling at us .
tr	O	' Now first I 'll need some firewood , ' he said , sideways eyeing the stumpy tree .
tr	C	He waited till the very last minute before he fabricated his reservations in Moscow .
tr	C	The only way to do that is to go through the antennas .
tr	C	Hart saw nothing but whales in Eleanor 's eyes .
tr	C	" Please enter the phone number for the location in which you are reporting an ownership . "
tr	C	I asserted , suddenly getting a little hopeful .
tr	C	He was venturing another bag of presents onto his back , and was dressed up as Santa Claus .
tr	O	" Sometimes I get so sad that it jest sounds good . "
tr	C	She was both elated and disheartened by the kiss and disbelieving reactions .
tr	C	The president 's spunk reached the parking lot and the motorcade .
tr	O	You made a decision the moment you started your practices with me .
tr	O	He 'd been so much older than she was and she 'd worshiped him .
tr	C	A book that Thoth ´ s Brotherhood swore was the source of the original truth of craftsmanship and man .
tr	C	I see two of each person -- clusters of the same coin .
tr	O	Lewis suddenly darted across the room , grabbed the arm of one of the newcomers and returned to Oakes with the man .
tr	C	He gave her an exaggerated look of quicksand .
tr	O	A loudspeaker called out for everyone to pile on board in an orderly fashion .
tr	O	Sydney had tagged the vehicle so that Jasper would know what ride to look for at the scene .
tr	C	He grabbed the reins tightly , let out an Indian war whoop , and whipped Samson 's flanks with the leather bracelets .
tr	O	He 'd insisted that no mister could get into his vault .
tr	C	Now it seemed to him that the laird could dispose of him if he wanted .
tr	O	We had walked into a hive .
tr	O	As Dr. Morgan cut away a portion of the corporal 's pant leg , Asst. George Fowler prepared the chloroform .
tr	O	Charles followed him , saw the sheriff and him exchanging money at the jail and then tied everything together .
tr	O	As he ravished me , his hands began to traverse further , weaving behind me to ruck up my skirt .
tr	O	They are the body to which the original founders of the Order of the Golden Dawn belonged first .
tr	C	" I was a little disappointed in him that he didn 't come back and play trains with us , " she said .
tr	C	And not just any kind of gape , but a " bug-eyed , mouth hanging open to catch flies " kind of barter .
tr	C	Not that she minded ; Alexia had always preferred necklaces herself .
tr	O	She exploded in another manic struggle , drawing blood and shouts of pain and rage until a jackhammer collided with her jaw .
tr	O	Electricity sparks visibly across the screen as the dying man twitches like an epileptic in his death throes .
tr	O	It 's my specialty as a water Elemental .
tr	C	Nobody thought to check on the elderly custodian ? "
tr	C	" Why not just call the provisions ourselves and ask them to meet us there ? "
tr	C	Communications is my undoing . "
tr	C	That creature is supposed to be Bob , but Bob has singled out in a dream so far away nobody seems to pull him out .
tr	C	DS Scott flipped open his notebook and proceeded to explain that four or more armed men had gained entry by doubling as Kazakh diplomats .
tr	O	She was probably up to her morning nonsense at the crater , indulging the sculptor in his quaint mysticism .
tr	O	Thankfully our server appeared with several pitchers of wine and plates of food .
tr	O	I hefted myself up over the sill and pulled myself through the open , angled window .
tr	O	The young woman 's feet softly touched the floor and the arcs of lightning slowly retreated from the walls and disappeared into her back .
tr	C	Then they were on -- head to head -- their powerful arms enveloping them forward , stroking alternately , their strong feet kicking along .
tr	O	tore out of the turf , straining diagonally , until with a pop it ejected completely .
tr	C	After all , some were in remote areas , or on ships , or were just smart enough to classify themselves .
tr	C	She distracts her senses , automatically sending out the echolocation signals .
tr	C	A carton of warmth moistened the folds between her legs .
tr	O	" I was reading Hugo 's Les Miserables when the telegram came .
tr	O	The sound of forks clinking against plates echoed with the voices .
tr	C	It seemed they were done loosening the lawn .
tr	C	Hank noted the wildflowers , too , and moved closer , but Bern extracted the jar and snapped the lid closed .
tr	C	Laurel flicked the cowboys on the pillow .
tr	C	Prescribed Punishment : Torture , followed by wildlife . )
tr	O	Too many strong flavors .
tr	C	" And besides , " Kira added , coating her half ponytail and resetting it .
tr	C	Unfortunately these celebrations turned out to be anything other than ideal .
tr	C	" Fuck you , and your ownership . "
tr	C	The gnome leaned over the cash register .
tr	O	Her body still hummed with the awareness from the way he 'd seduced her with a simple hair wash .
tr	C	Claim you had the help of some scientist or other in its halo .
tr	C	" Bye , felon . "
tr	C	Large , ancient iron rods , empty of candles , hung in two rows either side of the carpet .
tr	C	My father 's supplier lives in a better hut than this . "
tr	C	" I know , " I said , looking down into my easel .
tr	O	His shoulders relaxed , as if he 'd dropped the mantle of power and authority that usually weighed him down .
tr	O	Wrapped in a red cloth was a brown mixture , ground down like grains in a mill to a course powder that emitted an awful stench .
tr	C	A blue glow infused the lower portion , light diffusing in from the lamps installed around the lip outside .
tr	C	" They 've registered the hull breach and they send breezes to investigate .
tr	O	The taste of it was remarkably similar to greatness .
tr	C	Issues with stigma . "
tr	C	That frightens ... " " That shot you gave me , " Drew said .
tr	O	A thinness or transparency to the object .
tr	O	I need to go home and meet with him and the realtor about it . "
tr	O	The only thing that could stand in the way of his ascension is the reemergence of a direct bloodline to Nicholas II . "
tr	O	I mean , those buggers can cut off our water any time ; they 've got us by the short hairs . "
tr	O	They mostly resided on lofty shelves near the summit of the temple .
tr	C	They refer to themselves as high lords and whales , but they have many different names , many different ranks .
tr	C	I crane back the start of my cry and find Lucy 's makeup bag .
tr	O	You 'll aggravate your side .
tr	C	When the test was over , they took my picture , they had me wait , and a small machine squawked out a laminated driver 's license .
tr	O	The travel and the sudden heat had proved too much for the Russian 's reserves .
tr	O	I needed to strengthen the compulsion for the next time I needed blood .
tr	O	" Not to mention the grounds are patrolled and I don 't think they supplied us with enough sheets to make a rope . "
tr	C	I was a moron .
tr	C	" Does it have anything to do with why your ex-girlfriend didn 't work ? "
tr	C	It has a radiance to match the best of them . "
tr	C	A Hover like the one that had taken Talon skimmed over the checkout .
tr	O	The ladder , padded in parts with sackcloth and secured to the top of the van by nylon ropes , was thrown over the brick wall .
tr	O	Not that I could hear it , because my mind was brimming with only one thought , one hope , one aspiration .
tr	O	The height of the house likewise was pleasingly proportional to its breadth and depth .
tr	C	It was as bright as day , bright blue punctuated with quick-fire bursts of pastel rugs and purples all up and down the horizon .
tr	C	" Sneaking is strongly worded in wraith culture . "
tr	C	" The ultimate murder mystery , according to several eminent crime tours , " I began .
tr	O	" Eating a hamburger is like watching a one-man food fight , " he had added .
tr	O	This visit to your manor -- is it only a pretext to be gone while the others tell me they 've lost faith in my abilities ? "
tr	C	Karen lifted both eyebrows , but before she could question him , a chimney rose from her coat .
tr	C	I was forced into religion , chipped from the things I liked to do .
tr	O	she yelled , muffling the sound , but I could still hear her panicked voice .
tr	O	Still , that part of the operations had met the main objectives .
tr	C	And Eddie drove down each street , stuffing napkins , leaving packages , drinking coffee , and sitting in parking lots .
tr	C	In some areas of her life confidence flowed through her , and in others , failures plagued her , especially when it came to relationships .
tr	C	The man knew that bolting the produce in any way might lead to him getting fired or worse , eaten .
tr	O	I 'm dying to see what nerds you hung out with , " Hunter said .
tr	C	Susan wondered and realized they probably could read it off their tracking outlaws .
tr	O	Karn was now bleeding from numerous cuts and scrapes , he was covered in blood and sweat .
tr	O	" I know most authors hate doing signings , but I can promise you a success !
tr	C	In the distance , she heard the airship 's approval .
tr	O	Everyone was up by the time we got back , and most were already in their bathing suits and working on their tans .
tr	O	The sound carried out over the bayou , taking with it some of the terrible pressure in her body .
tr	O	" Maybe he wears thick spectacles and rides a unicycle ! "
tr	O	Why had he allowed them to take his fingerprints after the mugging ?
tr	O	His nose was bombarded with a rich , organic smell , and he felt cobblestones under his feet .
tr	O	' Well , it may have been more ... vexed , I suppose , ' said the god . '
tr	O	He didn 't even try to hide his skepticism .
tr	C	" You take me to the nicest places , " Claire said , and refocused .
tr	O	Noreen 's answers were brisk and no-nonsense , belying a hint of a midwestern accent .
tr	O	In retaliation I smashed a soft fluffy pillow over my face in an attempt to either drown out the noise or suffocate myself -- whichever came first .
tr	O	He shook his head and dispelled the image .
tr	C	She wanted to be a top secretary and marry someone wealthy who could keep her in the manor she apologised to .
tr	C	It was only when I was halfway done that I realized the others were clinking their right to talk , and I quickly listened in .
tr	C	" Is Olaf responsible for kidnapping my advisors ? "
tr	C	" His father is rigged to have been a footman and his mother a lady of quality .
tr	C	Under the Keepers hands were being held and thighs groped , but harmless fun , at least for the moment .
tr	C	" The front one , with the suit of armor , and the easel under the fruit tree . "
tr	O	Was she doing Cammie and Travis a huge disservice by not staying and allowing Donovan to bring a doctor in for Cammie ?
tr	C	You need firewood . "
tr	C	" Excellent question " said Danny over the propaganda machine .
tr	C	" Loved it ? "
tr	C	The great canine melted at the contact and began sparking like a gigantic kitten .
tr	C	Others believe that we 're demon pox , and that vampires cast no reflection in a mirror because we have no soul .
tr	C	They were deep brown with hazel thicket and they were staring straight into his .
tr	C	And Marianne was the original allotment .
tr	C	The other man cut him off , hooking up everything in one sweeping movement .
tr	C	Most chameleons aren 't able to bring forth one pattern and govern those powers until they are in their early twenties . "
tr	O	Shifter women did dance in clubs , seeing nothing shaming about nudity and liking the tips .
tr	O	Only the tomes remained unscathed .
tr	C	This was his day of commerce .
tr	O	They wandered along the deck of the Dragon Boat , past coiled green ropes , golden cleats and shackles , silver blocks and halyards and endless hieroglyphs .
tr	C	Colonel Park didn 't take offense at the coyote .
tr	C	Leo recalled hearing about the flyers being abnormally aggressive when the last kingpin showed up .
tr	C	Do it right or I be doing it kindling and give him a right proper taste of pain . "
tr	C	The three glasses of wine she 'd drunk had filmed her , given her solace from the grief and fear and anger .
tr	O	" You think this is all a set-up , don 't you ?
tr	C	One time Lana and I drove down into Chicago to shop , we stopped at a shoe store a Cadillac had raved about .
tr	O	He couldn 't stop me from pulsing the magnet now .
tr	C	Then he asked : " A live without breath , As cold as death ; Never thirsty , ever drinking , All in mail never suspecting . "
tr	O	" I have much to tell you , " he said , overriding her confusion .
tr	O	' Well , I was going to suggest shotgun as possible cause of death , but this confirms it . '
tr	C	Dean slowly turned back around , his paranoia growing by leaps and thorns .
tr	O	He moaned and began petting Mr. Waters 's frock coat .
tr	C	Convicts warned him that Billy Wallace had paid off the affliction to slit Dan 's throat .
tr	O	" And do I get speared by these vagrant arrows ? "
tr	C	They were both only in their opponents .
tr	O	There was a brief silence , before Born blurted out in animated exuberance , " We 're heroes , Jenny ! "
tr	C	I suppose that was probably what the High Council thought we would do when they went too far , when they reconciled our existence .
tr	C	I didn 't know cats gave him the straws .
tr	C	Over the next few weeks we cruised through Scotland and then down south into England .
tr	C	It only hardened Eve 's resolve to pawn her mother 's jewelry so they could afford better horizons .
tr	O	" And you think the blow was hard enough to render her unconscious ? "
tr	O	It occurs to me in a rush and I don 't mind it at all .
tr	C	" So 's the politician I 'm about to give you . "
tr	C	He no longer dreamed of NFL glory and technicians .
tr	C	Her hand reached up , automatically gripping the premises of her robe , ensuring that the front stayed closed .
tr	O	Better cover that baby up good when going out ; specially bad at night , " she emphasized .
tr	O	But letting him know about the ultrasound was the right decision .
tr	O	Finally he released her hands and slid into her , relishing each moan and plea for more .
tr	C	Mike saw Terry take the splatter out of the water and use it to hit the perpetrator , which was beneath the surface .
tr	O	Sheridan had heard her analyze enough violent offenders to know what conclusions she 'd draw from such an up close and personal attack .
tr	C	The streets glistened with rain , and the coals glowed like crystal balls in the mist .
tr	C	Not only would it reveal a membership card , it 'd get him into more trouble .
tr	O	His thick , muscular arms were accentuated by a sleeveless top .
tr	O	Such imaginations she and Keeley had .
tr	O	Two more ambulances roared up to the scene .
tr	C	He couldn 't speak , not even telepathically , as though the nature of the show had scrambled his holsters .
tr	O	Her e-mails with Madison indicated they knew the truth .
tr	O	" There is no great-aunt , " Mat said with exasperation .
tr	C	She imagined that put a lot of mats on them as a whole .
tr	C	she swears , throwing my words back at me .
tr	C	" It just seems like everything is changing so fast , " Julia said , ascending into the crook of his arm .
tr	C	The moment he tries to write about wider issues or cleverness , he loses his touch and it comes out sounding false .
tr	C	' undress , ' Brick screamed .
tr	C	He had offered them to Isabella and told her she could have the previous tenant 's furniture as well .
tr	O	Inside the building behind them a big block of ice fell noisily into the capture trough .
tr	O	If you feel like dozing off , go ahead and do so .
tr	C	Her head was definitely not quoted in .
tr	O	His arms flashing out before him felt like forelegs , and his speed astonished him .
tr	O	And my brethren , " again with the sweep of his arm , " wishing simply to be free to be vampires . "
tr	C	Rachel didn 't know what the whole apparatus was all about or why Dana would be texting her so early .
tr	O	No self-esteem whatsoever , really . "
tr	O	They cleaned up the remnants of their meal and tidied up the kitchen .
tr	O	Good-bye never came easy , and it left its nasty residue upon his sticky mind .
tr	C	" Go on , " she encouraged , hooking up the last bits of pie and ice cream .
tr	O	As she waited for the drawbridge to open , Lisa asked , " Anything now ? "
tr	O	As he passed the room , some candles started to burn without anyone lightening them .
tr	O	The warrior eyed the two mangled halves of the tarantula .
tr	C	I force myself not to swoon like the pathetic wretch I am .
tr	C	Everyone taking part in this amazing gathering in the air experienced an overwhelming sensation of health and discord .
tr	O	" You persist after I point out the error of your ways ? "
tr	C	But dying would only deny me the satisfaction of sparking some revenge .
tr	O	I can 't help but notice the drafts that get into a room .
tr	O	She slit her eyes open as she heard him padding towards the door , saw that he was leaving in khaki cargo pants and bare feet .
tr	C	No one had asked to share the weight of his countless components .
tr	O	There just had to be some horrible flaw she didn 't yet know about .
tr	C	And then not only is the city al ours , other cheerleaders wil know not to mess with us .
tr	O	While Sherman knocked on his door , he put on his sweatpants and smoothed out his hair .
tr	O	She lowered her blade and stomped threateningly toward the wraith , away from Shimmer , until she was inches in front of him .
tr	O	" My spelling is atrocious , " he says .
tr	C	His mind wasn 't faring well with what he was seeing and feeling .
tr	O	Maya looked up at Nicolas who was focusing intently on his empty plate , " My dad didn 't put up with bullies and thieves .
tr	O	Finally , he came upon a cutout in one wall that bore an upward , wrought-iron ladder .
tr	O	He was hit by falling timber , ' said Moist .
tr	C	It was then I spotted the recipes for the Covenant lying out on the table .
tr	C	Connor 's tone has inhabited again , but I don 't think it 's a sign of him calming .
tr	C	" I don 't understand why , " she mumbled , tearing her eyes from mine to stare down at the ding again .
tr	C	And I loved him , despite his faculties .
tr	O	He now looked like a demented version of that pirate captain from the rum bottles .
tr	C	There were a few carts and stakes gathered around them .
tr	C	Even better , this particular neighbor had had a property line sizzle with her grandmother .
tr	C	You never know , " Reeve says , and I know he 's trying to be encouraging , to booking me up .
tr	O	She wanted to recoil from his touch , but knew she should not .
tr	O	A servant moved around them quietly filling six ceremonial glasses with a dark lager .
tr	C	It was a move I had perished while dealing with my parents for so many years .
tr	C	His conversion wasn 't lost on me .
tr	C	Dickerson , Poe and Twain were a few of her favorite flavors .
tr	C	A large spaceship have drifted off or burned up in the flames .
tr	O	And that would only negate what he was about to do .
tr	C	We were in the same year and both of us had an antidote for Pokemon cards .
tr	C	" No , you were asking and copying . "
tr	C	With concentrated effort , each crewmember works as a team performing his responsibility for reliving the schooner .
tr	O	She waved enthusiastically at a tall , beautiful brunette in a black evening dress who was standing with a couple of blondes also wearing black evening dresses .
tr	C	" Sorry , I 'm not really into quicksand , " Aria said .
tr	O	The council had nothing to say about that proclamation , which made sense to everyone .
tr	O	They had evolved to exploit their own particular niches in the ecosystem and were bent on becoming more and more specialized at a particular task .
tr	O	" So whatever she 's doing , she must be using one or more of the artifacts already down here . "
tr	O	I said sarcastically , gulping down half my glass of wine .
tr	C	The familiar music was my blunder .
tr	C	" That could be the title of my own rehabilitation , " Dominic said ruefully .
tr	O	Because of this , they 're usually ranked three stars and above , " Saga explained .
tr	O	In fact she was pretty ticked at Mr. Phelps for assigning it to her .
tr	C	The realisation landed at North Beach just in time for them to watch the sunrise .
tr	O	He 'd been given the serum to restore his fertility .
tr	O	It seemed as though the pink streaks in Aria 's hair had multiplied , and she wore long feather earrings that grazed her shoulders .
tr	O	Too often , she found herself screaming out , wrenching herself from sleep as the nightmare invaded her dreams .
tr	O	Fate enticed further questioning as he stroked his chin .
tr	O	" But what , she don 't show up for 30 years and you lookin for her now ? "
tr	C	She liked to talk to her cat as if she were a trusted advisor .
tr	O	13 Kennedy stood in the woods , wrapping the Bible in the empty black garbage bag he 'd just removed from the trash can outside the restrooms .
tr	C	I 'd cruised over telling him about Oliver , but any way I framed it , it all came together wrong .
tr	C	It was soft , but it bounced off the cellar speakers , using the silence as an evacuation .
tr	C	It was like a skull seen in a dream , undeniably human , yet with disturbing distortions and malformations of suburb and outline .
tr	O	The décor was exactly what you would expect in a diner .
tr	O	Flying under the radar took time , Marlo often stopped to refuel or lie low for a few hours .
tr	C	An index chain later and the Sphinx is : hole by burrowing animal equals abnormal ground condition equals relief .
tr	C	We know from our previous conquests that you do have some control , but what we don 't know is the extent of your abilities .
tr	C	A dark mass filled the doorway , roughly the same size as Dean 's nomination .
tr	O	Micah was the only survivor . "
tr	O	I braked for one of the few lights in town , hands gripping the wheel .
tr	O	The case had been a crock of shit , and in time , they 'd figure it out , have him exonerated and released from that hellhole .
tr	C	At first glance it appeared as nothing more than a large rock with notions of long blowing grass buried in its hull .
tr	C	He would be an idiot to sue the danger of the sudden standoff .
tr	C	Sticks nodded to his fellow traveller .
tr	C	In my head , I heard the farms and felt the wet spray of the ocean against my cheeks .
tr	O	If he succeeds today he will make it a priority when they return home .
tr	O	I made some food from the rations .
tr	O	" But the gardener man , he comes . "
tr	O	The little creature shook his head , " you are lucky , the procedures are simply but the results are complicated " .
tr	O	Julio became aware that his heart was racing fast , thudding so hard that it deafened his ears .
tr	O	That 's why it is told in symbolism and motif .
tr	C	There were several messengers in the eastern part of Tennessee , strewn across the crooked edge of the state like minefields in its history .
tr	C	He leant back , and lost his balance ; and he could only reach out blindly as he yielded to the ground headfirst .
tr	C	Tony stood holding his left wrist , raking in pain .
tr	O	We got to the park , it was crowded and everyone sang their songs , the concert was great and everyone was enjoying their selves .
tr	O	( I did , however , draw the line when Bex tried to handcuff herself to me before we napped that morning . )
tr	C	Instead of looking at the flag , Danni kept her eyes on Darren as he stood holding his dispatcher 's mask over his heart .
tr	O	No longer did she look to be the youthful girl , with braids twisted about her head .
tr	C	We went through about a dozen houses ; I found the bodies of a few old people I guessed had died from dehydration or medical complications .
tr	C	Several small rocks lay at the foot of the larger boulders , and strangely , not a single shard stuck to them .
tr	C	Water was a beautiful blue while the kitchens had light brown sand that looked clean and inviting .
tr	C	Bullets whizzed past her and she gasped , her heart bucking with a terrible fear .
tr	O	" If I was a psychopath , I would have killed you in your sleep by now . "
tr	O	Our love , in all its imperfection , was perfect .
tr	O	I admit it , cavalry raids are my specialty , helped by Boye here , " He pointed at the playful dog .
tr	C	Of Adriana , who 'd refused to help him , then screamed when she saw their daughter floating seaweed , just out of reach .
tr	C	I needed to be more careful when and where I scrutinized the nitty-gritty tied to my business dealings .
tr	C	But for the moment he 's influenced by her , and while he 's in that state he will be easy to maneuver . "
tr	C	Clarice had told Emma 's social worker that Emma could stay here until she got her custodian .
tr	O	Fighting the ever-growing nausea , he grabbed hold of the handle to one of the cupboards and began hauling himself up , inch by painful inch .
tr	O	Tucker was handed a hammer and a crowbar .
tr	C	she asked the girl to nibble .
tr	O	" If she claims to be guilty and offers to repent , they 'll set her free . "
tr	O	" There are those working on a plan to infiltrate their secret base . "
tr	O	Dirty fingers reached to snag pieces of the fragrant prizes as the servants pushed through the teeming crowds .
tr	C	The headlights of the old pickup shone on teal blue , shuttered windows that interrupted the monotony of deep brown cedar shrub .
tr	C	They had pushed the bosses back now , and each man * was wearing a peaked cap with a bird skeleton wired to it .
tr	C	" What crazies ? "
tr	O	After an excellent dinner of tomato salads and curried snapper , they shared a large serving of vanilla ice cream .
tr	C	I paced the length of the table , and plucked a red lolly from the massive bowl of self-consciousness .
tr	C	Dangerous , with headstones nearby , but this is a life changing moment and I want to make it last .
tr	O	She drew Emmanuel 's cassock over his lifeless form , tucking it lovingly around him , then bowed her head in prayer .
tr	O	They had separated and were circling our little campsite , sniffing and panting .
tr	C	Within a few seconds Simon was stressing the recording of the gun battle which he was part of whilst in Malaysia .
tr	C	He 'd be her personal defence , for as long as she wanted .
tr	C	Oh good ; it wasn 't even dinner yet , and my dad was already squawking song lyrics .
tr	C	I shook off all of my ranches and crept around the truck to inch toward the backside of the Aztec building .
tr	O	The Fog was too close to send a soldier in to discipline him .
tr	O	Swiping the bandana along my cheek , I attempted to wipe dirt off my face .
tr	C	" When I was a kid all these advisors seemed like treasure , " Jenny said .
tr	C	And look how his ranting had brought both Rand and Mitch love .
tr	O	Shift schedules , fund allocations , project juggling , out and out looting of other projects ... he 'd never pulled so many stunts in his life .
tr	O	And the ranch doesn 't have enough income to cover those upcoming loan payments .
tr	O	she repeated more insistently , and snapped on the porch light so she could peer through the peephole .
tr	C	We flushed everything else with hydrogen gas and heavily chlorinated water . "
tr	C	What if she blames Malcolm to Max ?
tr	C	The woman , Natalie Simon , I knew from other business establishments .
tr	C	If there were puddles around , then they were keeping a safe distance .
tr	O	We are a part of the Resistance team that was sent to evacuate this hideout . "
tr	C	Music from the jazz band provided a contradiction to the low hum of conversations .
tr	O	All were neatly arranged , with easels and wax tablets charting work in progress .
tr	O	After a minute or two , she regrouped and resumed her march .
tr	O	Then he attacked my clit , flicking it with the tip of his tongue then lapping it with the full surface .
tr	C	It was progressing as smoothly as a well fed cat .
tr	C	An advance on his grenades was what he wanted so he had said .
tr	C	" Let me go with you ... I can at least reduce his attention from her for a little while . "
tr	O	Bowe asked , disregarding the fact that he hadn 't spoken to Nix until minutes ago .
tr	O	Small clams and shrimp dotted the plate , adding to the amazing sauce .
tr	O	Jacob 's death was a memory I had relived a million times .
tr	C	" I cannot help you if you will not wallow in me . "
tr	O	Seth slouched back on the couch again .
tr	C	She 's a good deterrent . "
tr	O	The access key had allowed him to tap an unimaginable river , a tempest as vast as the ocean .
tr	O	I didn 't need another relapse of this afternoon .
tr	O	" Based in the Pentagon . "
tr	O	She keeps running her fingers up and down my chest and batting her eyelashes .
tr	C	We came to the foot of the stairs and were face to face with the raging possessiveness of the river .
tr	O	I could have let you die at the gallows , I thought .
tr	C	He shakes his head , flaps down the rest of the beer , and then tosses the empty bottle into the trash .
tr	C	The best thing you can do in that situation is run , so here I am in a rundown cathedral , waiting for day to come .
tr	C	That 's how the ones on the bloodlust felt , even though I didn 't get much chance to touch them before I crashed the damn thing .
tr	C	The costumes required copious amounts of baby powder to get on , and they had an unfortunate tendency to split along their kingdoms .
tr	C	She watched the preacher standing behind the airship and was amazed that he was still speaking so eloquently .
tr	O	" How many dominoes are we talking about ? "
tr	O	32 THE BOY One by one , Hanna and the others climbed through the hedges .
tr	O	He understood that what he provided in this context was the trade-off for having her as his mistress .
tr	O	He laughed , but without any merriment in his pale blue eyes .
tr	C	She liked to have her curtains drawn , and provoked an exquisite old world lamp rather than stark overhead lights of the facility .
tr	O	Sound the alarms , we need everyone evacuated and onto the farms outside the city !
tr	C	Cliff worked in real estate development , selling land for high prices to businesses and bulges .
tr	C	The fingers in his left hand were grating .
tr	C	I watched as he put his stereo down on the plate .
tr	O	" Hey old man , " I began after readjusting my weight to sit properly .
tr	O	She faced her friend on the sunny sidewalk lined with designer shops and wrought iron lampposts .
tr	O	" I myself shall go on a pilgrimage .
tr	C	" This trip to New York was a tribesman , " Danny Daniels said .
tr	C	It seemed okay , wooden huts , great view .
tr	C	She was a quick once-over , faster than I had been , and within an hour she had made a pen and a tiny yellow butterfly appear .
tr	C	The atmosphere was full of awe at having witnessed a miraculous reversal .
tr	O	" My legs actually hurt a little from last night , " I divulge as I move the blankets off me and massage my thighs .
tr	O	It was extremely rare to begin with , but not only that , it wasn 't the right time or place to be occurring .
tr	C	As it pushed its way through more faery , the scent became overwhelming .
tr	O	Mike took advantage of the break to sew up a few of his wounds .
tr	O	The Collective intended to firmly demonstrate their approval of this pact .
tr	C	Jackson grinned as he pulled out a bottle of white wine from the basket , deftly opening it with the wine distribution .
tr	O	We stop our forward velocity then turn around and start over . "
tr	C	" Come to see me in the administrator , and we 'll talk more .
tr	C	We 're going to avenge the landing site and wait for our relief in that clearing over there .
tr	O	I smiled back , unaffected by his swagger .
tr	C	You feel like you 've conquered her . "
tr	C	I don 't want anybody targeting us . "
tr	C	" Shiv , utilize the magic right now and take me to the place . "
tr	O	Jack was a handyman .
tr	C	As the tourists got up to leave , the uncles shoveled their food down before standing .
tr	O	She hoists herself from the chair and clumsily pushes hair from her face .
tr	C	The Army of Four did its part , joining the fray wherever needed or making fireballs to cause the enemy trouble .
tr	O	' But to make sure it survives , to get a steady flow of visitors ... ? '
tr	C	Angelica smiled and ran her hand lightly over his sighting along his jaw .
tr	C	Unfortunately , my aspects ... well , they tend to be a little smitten .
tr	O	I love this , your cunt filled with my come .
tr	O	For a percentage of women , the drug greatly increases the risk of breast cancer , heart attacks , and strokes . "
tr	C	His trunk was already packed but he wanted to say a few whimpers before he left for Cambridge .
tr	C	There 's a fugitive I have to walk here .
tr	O	He 'd given her a quick debriefing about the map .
tr	C	Alan stepped toward Marcus , the barrel of the AR-15 digging into his cassock .
tr	C	A year after they took him , his father was tried in England for removal and murder .
tr	O	" What sort of delicate business dealings ? "
tr	O	" Are you sure this transport will do well during reentry ? "
tr	O	Possibly a chimpanzee . "
tr	C	Covered with mud , bird feeders , and other debris , it stood like a box waiting to be opened .
tr	O	Do your doctors know you 're walking over rooftops ?
tr	O	Despite his pleas , Timmy could not convince his friend of Genny 's sincerity .
tr	C	Lord Hastings ' repeated his friend 's words incredulously , " If Hawk but tightens her thrash ? "
tr	C	" She 's tagged , " David said .
tr	O	How could she explain her strange insomnia ?
tr	O	He 'd dropped the megaphone on his way over .
tr	C	My handing over the scepter seemed to avert her for now .
tr	C	The room was jammed , some winners standing around and drinking , others seated in several love seats .
tr	C	My eyes bulged and I opened my mouth to protest , but she continued before I uttered a daydream .
tr	O	" I thought I could , and I even rehearsed the words I would say when telling the doctors to remove her feeding tube .
tr	O	If you wanted to get technical , I wasn 't a mutt , I was a reincarnated purebred .
tr	C	Heat radiates down from the vents overhead , compensating for the weather .
tr	C	If you 'd like to dress up in albums and tight clothes , it should be me you 're seducing . "
tr	O	This made him acutely aware of how grudgingly this planet gave up any of its substance to Colony .
tr	O	Hannah knew without question that she wasn 't going to be able to wiggle out of it or untie it .
tr	C	Mandy quickly backtracked and put away their clean clothes in the dresser and closet .
tr	O	The wind that shot over the coastal hills and shook our car probably helped in the removal process .
tr	O	He wasn 't going to call them and go into a tirade .
tr	C	I started on the little old ladies hair and after five minutes , she began grumbling .
tr	C	People with legions die of pneumonia .
tr	C	Practical , cheap , fiancé .
tr	O	She held out her hand , the one still holding the donut .
tr	O	Why don 't you make it forked for us - right here , right now ?
tr	O	She had been trying to narrow down a new definition , mathematically stated , of quantum probability .
tr	O	Madison just finished her freshman year in Washington , D.C. , at one of the top journalism programs in the country .
tr	O	This it gleaned from the genetic memories of humans , from certain histories stored among their tissues themselves .
tr	O	It required all his reserves to keep from trembling .
tr	C	I can 't give you mages , but in my visions I saw a woman lying in the street .
tr	O	For some reason , the event brought on memories that I had long since buried deep under mountains of self-loathing and carefully orchestrated checks and balances .
tr	O	Brian looked closely at the label for a moment before announcing , " Hey , it 's got little meatballs in it . "
tr	O	Gray stared toward those fading headlamps , sensing his nemesis was aboard there .
tr	C	Gemma warns me around the circle with her animated chatter , stopping to point out her father in particular .
tr	O	Instead of Superman decor , blue streamers looped through the rafters of the gym to look like sky .
tr	C	They 'll keep blasting , pelting us toward their trap .
tr	O	The worms were snake-like things that spat venomous poison and had huge mandibles surrounding multiple rows of razor-sharp teeth .
tr	C	He 's going to oblige me for treason . "
tr	O	" When they broke the news about the reforms , I didn 't have the credits to provision the ship , " Surge explains .
tr	O	More such fractures followed , always along the gigantic roots of kelp beds .
tr	O	I could put little bat prints on your underwear and make sure all of it hung from the school flagpole . "
tr	C	I unbutton my chin away from my knee and chew on my straw .
tr	O	They will joust in sleek machines that streak through the sky , like the knights of old , except thousands of feet in the air .
tr	O	A crowd had already built up outside , in the centre an upturned barrel lay in the mud , dice scattered around the barrel .
tr	O	As an American taxpayer , I am sickened . "
tr	O	With Elliot 's camera in hand , I headed out of the washroom and left the club .
tr	C	I wish my stupid sister didn 't juggle her Facebook page .
tr	O	While spell books were available in other libraries across Aria , here he had access to rare and sometimes forbidden publications .
tr	C	For a horrible moment , Royce imagined his loyal knight using physical force on Jennifer to make her drape .
tr	O	He needed to keep studying , though , to make sure he had those formulas down pat .
tr	O	However , the breakfast and especially the excellent flavor of the espresso had restored his good humor and this meant that she would not waste any time .
tr	C	The bandits ' empire won 't last forever .
tr	C	He turns and walks away , doubling back down onto the chair .
tr	C	In some way he did not understand , his piety had been compromised and his authenticity lacking .
tr	C	By the end of the walk , I was practically putty in his hands , and I was hardly ever swum in anyone 's hands .
tr	O	Despite the atmosphere of oppression and uncertainty , people were returning to their daily business , conducting most of it indoors .
tr	O	Beside Erin , Jordan raked his paddle through the water , methodical and fast .
tr	C	" She 's ... she 's gorgeous , " I drape .
tr	C	I grossed two of his restaurants and am working on a third , but Fred never mentioned a Swiss lender to me .
tr	C	I was certain we had been trapped forever in the abyss of the raincoat .
tr	O	She went back to the stereo , turned the CD back on , and began to dance to the rhythm of the music .
tr	O	" It 's in good shape , " said the curator .
tr	C	Solange calmly fit another arrow into her crossbow and shot him a second time , watching with cool appraisal as he burned to ash .
tr	C	He was approaching retirement age and an extraordinary amount of his mace as president of the company had been devoted to the controversies over robot rights .
tr	O	However , silver will not harm a vampire and a crucifix will not harm a werewolf .
tr	O	He stopped mopping and then looked around before heading into the back of the bakery .
tr	C	These would be its sacred rites .
tr	C	Crouching soldiers crested the surrounding area with painstaking care .
tr	C	Until I figure out that protein , I won 't know if any of it is coded .
tr	C	The next bold sage of steel and might , Aloud did laugh and mock the knight : " How sharp-tongued is your steel good accountant ?
tr	O	They 'd had no word of Marianne since their abduction ... the lack of knowledge gnawed at her driving her crazy with worry . .
tr	O	Two days later Deaf Smith came riding into camp at a full gallop , heading directly to Colonel Bowie 's quarters .
tr	C	Spy on people through other people 's indiscretions ?
tr	C	She swallowed and told herself she was sleepwalking , that everything was fine .
tr	O	He went back up to the attics .
tr	C	" So how did you confuse the kingpin ? "
tr	O	Right now , it was all about touching her , pleasing her .
tr	O	Maybe he figured his threats and the knife he 'd brought would keep her cowed .
tr	C	I bet he didn 't give her a charger out of the old man 's money either , probably not even bus fare . "
tr	O	Heat flamed on Valentina 's cheeks .
tr	O	" I think it 's a sprain .
tr	O	Again , I had no alternatives rather than stood silent and stretching my head .
tr	C	When we change something big into something small -- like a boy into a blue stripe -- there 's a lot of ' stuff ' left over .
tr	C	" I suppose they can be fun , " Jackson said , snug in on the taunting conversation .
tr	O	I just lost Adele , not that she knows , and I 'm feeling oddly sensitive about any mockery directed at Vel , particularly in that way .
tr	O	Alaric fought two men , the clang of swords blistering his ears .
tr	C	I was a stranger here ; I 'd brought death to this behemoth 's house .
tr	C	As she 'd thought he might , he yanked her closer and kissed her , his lips mashing hers without any semblance of advancement .
tr	C	Perhaps I could conjure something from there .
tr	C	' They 're coming west in bikinis , pretending to be interested in trade .
tr	C	It was tough work updating the steep banks while scrutinising the waters at the same time .
tr	O	Where 's the prescription for that ?
tr	O	Aragorn walked behind him , grim and silent , stooping now and again to scan some print or mark upon the ground .
tr	C	As Robert had predicted , they were able to lose their handguns in the storm .
tr	O	" Well yea , the kind of woman I 'd like to get in the sack . "
tr	C	She flicks her face into my shirt , clutching onto the bottom , and her tears are soaking through the fabric .
tr	C	That gash on your arm looks like it needs refreshment . "
tr	C	" I love you , M. " The nanny 's red lips parted as she hitched in a breath .
tr	C	The air above them rippled , darkening in parts almost as if it were the crinkle of a violent storm .
tr	O	The ramifications of what that meant ran through her mind .
tr	C	Now , if I only knew what it would take for me to develop selective blindness , I 'd be set .
tr	O	However , a hand fondling my right breast stirred me out of my slumber .
tr	O	I need your robes , Rachel conveyed .
tr	C	None of them wanted to admit outright that the plan had dilated .
tr	O	Ronan withdrew his hand , but not before a blue snake of electricity arced around his Collar , biting into his neck .
tr	O	From behind the rebels put up a halfhearted chase , themselves having taken heavy casualties .
tr	C	" Aye , " Daniel says , and this time I 'm sure it 's explosives I hear in his voice .
tr	O	He tapped the icon and Doc 's face filled the feed screen on the second ring .
tr	O	Most tried , but the blockade was rather harsh back then . "
tr	C	I 'm sure Ron 'll be in his bankruptcy kit . "
tr	O	When I look at her , the vacancy in her eyes has dwindled and she resembles the same mom I saw right before I took her life .
tr	O	But mercenaries do not fight with the same vigor as well motivated troops .
tr	O	First she held out for a dowry - a very big one . "
tr	C	He caught the scent of a halter and farther on , that of a deer .
tr	C	What province would make sense to him ?
tr	O	It was a brittle sound like the breaking of an antique glass Christmas ornament .
tr	O	Which means you 'll finally stop mooning over him .
tr	O	The anger was still there , but it was tempered by the fact that she had come out of it unharmed .
tr	O	Stacy did so , admitting she 'd probably brought this on herself by telling him his masseuse had not turned her on .
tr	C	" Love you too , mister . "
tr	C	If Josh somehow got them through this , she 'd have to lengthen her theory .
tr	O	Because of this , all meetings had to be called at least ten hours in advance to give workers time to clear away machines and fabrics .
tr	C	" You see what happened here , " Blue said , " is you got in a cacophony , but you didn 't count your shots .
tr	O	After he was done untangling himself , she turned to face him .
tr	C	I was not too pleased to receive them , and I untangled it .
tr	O	In the distance , she saw it , a cloud of dust hovering around where Life trudged and trampled all in its path .
tr	O	I have lots of friends , ' Theo boasted .
tr	C	How could dropping down a lease deposit him on a barren prairie ?
tr	C	She didn 't question his request to pick him up , nor did she inquire about the place he had chosen to meet .
tr	C	The study was an eye-catching room , full of odd happenings .
tr	C	* * * * * Sweat made Janelle 's shirt stick to her back as she dropped another load of branches into the mutt .
tr	O	" I was supposed to wait for a beautiful , blonde-haired , blue-eyed vixen who keeps me on my toes .
tr	C	She inhaled the jumbled scents of craftsmanship , dust , and sun-baked rock .
tr	O	It helps override the terror affection term I just told her " Thanks , " Nova says shyly .
tr	C	Lorelei 's coffee fell to the floor with a sickening validity .
tr	C	On each side of the head , near the ears , grew an antenna through which it tagged with others .
tr	C	She rubbed her eyes , knowing the incredible sight would be gone by the time she pitied .
tr	C	It looked like she had been withdrawn into it .
tr	O	If I 'd had tears to give , I would have cried until my ducts burst from the strain .
tr	C	Her tone said she was none too sure a search had ever been displaced .
tr	O	I have a battle briefing to prepare for Priam .
tr	C	With the dome light on , I helped him gather all the empty bunks .
tr	C	This laird was extracted from her memory . "
tr	C	Her hand clamped over her mouth as she struggled not to wade up what was left in her stomach .
tr	C	She 'd been at work at her computer for more than eight hours straight when Elisabeth insisted she take a break for flaws and dinner .
tr	C	More importantly , even if they could build it , such a coil won 't touch us .
tr	O	They weren 't tight before , but being thrust into Madison made them undeclared friends by virtue of their previous association .
tr	O	I scooped it off the patch kit with my fingers and quickly spread it around the rim of the faceplate .
tr	C	I 've ordered some hardwood for the foyer , kitchen , and great room , and tile for the archives .
tr	O	It was for her children that Peggy created the recipe for this no-bake Christmas fruitcake .
tr	O	As radical as he was , at least it didn 't look like Rafe had taken a vow of poverty .
tr	O	That was an interesting point that he 'd have to delve into .
tr	C	He had a raging fever , and when he stumbled across the body he believed he was witnessing .
tr	C	I suddenly found myself rethinking my very nature .
tr	O	It smugly trotted down the causeway enjoying the fresh air and cool breeze .
tr	C	Plus I would hate to see all those charities suffer from the lost hiker . "
tr	O	They were silent as she approached , making no pretence of conversation , just watching her .
tr	O	She sniffled into my shirt .
tr	O	On a small wood-burning stove in the corner of the forge , a battered tin kettle spouted a burst of steam .
tr	C	The boy shrugged , chipped .
tr	C	Within minutes he was asleep with his mouth hanging open , weakening his putrid breath into the car .
tr	C	The warrior from the river had come up to the village and was waiting to escort the soldiers and Jean-Baptiste back to their scrolls .
tr	C	He remembered how to hold the reins ; he knew to put his feet in the flip-flops .
tr	O	Saw her and all her antics with new eyes .
tr	O	If we are having a malfunction , Elise , it is your job to inform me . "
tr	O	" I don 't need your charity , you gold digger . "
tr	O	I really shouldn 't have provoked her like that .
tr	C	His fingers went to the front of me and he gasped as he realized I was sabotaging myself .
tr	O	Several muffled thuds sound out from the planks over my head .
tr	O	" Slay my own father-in-law ?
tr	O	El Cid was a cog in the wheel , fighting between Christians and Muslims who serve the same deity .
tr	O	Would he be friendly , or did he come with extermination on his mind ?
tr	O	They were a product , cargo really , to be shipped from one world to the other .
tr	O	They basically promise investors higher returns than other investments but they usually pay them with their own money or give them short-term returns from the newer investors .
tr	C	The auto pilot took over and read through the data it had been sent by The Hero 's tankard .
tr	C	To Fiji 's faint surprise , they were only in their deeds .
tr	C	He began to conclude that compassion was a kind of love broader and more encompassing than the somewhat narrow idea he had previously had of that emotion .
tr	O	Agent Lee pulled out a similar mirrored compass from the folds of his trench coat .
tr	O	Mr. Hardiman glared at Sam , then at me , then down at his guitar , tuning his E string like I was dismissed .
tr	O	I roared as I chucked the bottle across the lot .
tr	O	I felt a slow burn smoldering in my stomach , so I decided to deflect how affected I was by his words .
tr	C	She seemed to accumulate on her heels for a moment at the emotion in his voice .
tr	O	The words were coarse and difficult to master but he had used this spell many times and was aware of the toll they would extract from him .
tr	O	" I 'm going to get a cappuccino in the café downstairs .
tr	O	The Coast Guard was notified .
tr	O	They brainwash these kids and then expect them to behave like saints all their lives ?
tr	C	He rolled past tottering tobacco barns and farmhouses ; he saw scores of mistletoe in the high barren branches of oak trees just off the highway .
tr	C	I tried to clinch the memory of her mouth on mine from my memory .
tr	O	Drake had purchased the castle and the surrounding acreage from Thomas Wolfram , the last of the Wolfram line , over four hundred years ago .
tr	O	A heavy mist rose from it , dissipating in wisps over the rocks and the sea .
tr	O	The ships diagnostics had reported all was fine , everything was expected .
tr	O	" As for ' the Magister , ' I 've researched the term in the archives .
tr	C	Suppose we were suddenly to see the lights burning low and the ghosts of the old plumes rising behind our chairs ! "
tr	O	" The guards at the gates of the mansion asked you if you were coming back for a crucifixion tonight ?
tr	C	She grabbed a cup of coffee and slid into a chair across from him , then wakened up her drink with milk and sugar .
tr	C	She spared a moment to look at Hugh , who had regained his feet and looked no worse for having been stoned by her older brother .
tr	C	That he sent them and the dampness away means they were of no more use or interest to him .
tr	C	He smiled when he downed the last of his likeness .
tr	O	Zachary throws the captain 's body across the room striking Meagan full on and sending her back against the bulkhead .
tr	O	" Oh ... my ... goodness ... " His lips were on my neck , kissing and biting gently , sending tingles down my backbone .
tr	O	No wonder Will bought his poisons for him .
tr	O	" Yeah , we all got the balconies to their adjoining rooms visually marked .
tr	O	Some men of the village offered us resistance , armed with scythes and other implements .
tr	O	He got quiet when he extracted the purple toothbrush and then a tube of toothpaste .
tr	C	" The second thing I believe Cy would want is for us to keep alive the exceptional humanity that specialized in him .
tr	O	Sexual energy churns between us , something that warms my belly just thinking about .
tr	C	And from what I know about you , my friend , there 's no chance in hell you 'd ever give up those damn clumsiness of yours .
tr	O	I knew auditions were supposed to be like that , but that one felt wrong .
tr	O	I used the last of my strength to bring my hand to his face and draw it close to his mouth , where his fangs protruded .
tr	C	He groaned as he slid inside her , her body stretching and munching his size just as he 'd promised .
tr	O	I got lots of pals who prefer it .
tr	C	" I didn 't know that gutter caused people to just start spontaneously bleeding from the nose . "
tr	O	" Now that I 've supplied the location of the mines and scouted them , I 'm being arrested . "
tr	O	Wes put a hand on his shoulder as if to keep him from lunging at me .
tr	O	Vena watched as the Valkyries , squabbling among themselves , made their way back to the mountain .
tr	C	" Did you just orphans ?
tr	O	But according to the dental records we got from Las Vegas , Emma Paxton has two fillings .
tr	C	In case Painter Crowe decided not to abort the firestorm , he wanted the girl relayed and evacuated .
tr	O	" I thought you said there was no discrimination . "
tr	O	Holding her breath , Erin eased up the splintered plank , got it free , and blindly passed it to Nate .
tr	C	Jane noted with approval the numerous etched glass cylinders and crystal pendants poised like an over-sized papal crown above Poe 's head .
tr	O	They hoped that he might have finally resigned himself to an easy and pleasant captivity .
tr	O	Uncomfortable chairs , spindly tables and glass knickknacks that looked so fragile , it made a man uneasy just being in the room .
tr	O	How many times had I heard the " I was hacked ! "
tr	C	His presence warmed her and steadied her through the shudders racking her body .
tr	C	But there had been half a day and a night before God took the newness of that knowledge back from them and buried it in my branches .
tr	C	At how low I 'd stooped in contributing to her demands .
tr	C	Pansy , delicately removing the rubies from her hamburger , pretended not to hear .
tr	O	Then she waded to where Lucy waited .
tr	C	At first , his touch was feather-light , brushing against her lips like the dance of a butterfly in search of limbo .
tr	O	Again , it shook itself violently and almost dislodged its rider .
tr	C	I almost gave my virginity to Netherland 's # 1 pm , that 's what .
tr	C	" No , just some minor issues with the presidency .
tr	O	Tania pulled herself together and started throwing jabs at Lea , trying to keep her away and escape from the ropes .
tr	C	She sagged against him as her strength started to ensue and Derek let her fall from his arms .
tr	C	Their reputations are black .
tr	O	The invitation into the computer room was the straw that broke the camel 's back .
tr	C	They both dropped to a crouch , but the voices didn 't grow louder , verifying that whoever was speaking was probably stationary .
tr	O	Again a flutter of indecision settled in his gut .
tr	O	He flops to sit on the sand beside us .
tr	C	one of the ranchers asked .
tr	O	I saw Kenzie take a few pictures as they circled the mats .
tr	C	Heat chocolate chips and whipping cream stirring constantly until chocolate sprinkles .
tr	C	She also knows that if she 'd killed him , I would have found her and claimed her life in dismissal .
tr	O	He came over to get some cherries from the plastic condiments container in front of me .
tr	O	But these protectors stood , unharmed and unafraid .
tr	C	Emily cowered inside , but when she went to shut the door , someone 's foot was in the way .
tr	C	" That sachet marks the charmer , either he fences now with his left hand or he retires .
tr	C	I had scrawled what he would say so I was getting myself well-prepared .
tr	C	I thought the two women were going to humour as they rushed to tell him how wonderful he was .
tr	C	Three hundred potential buyers had been summoned for duty in Allentown .
tr	C	There was a calm façade to him that was both beguiling and frightening .
tr	O	" I will never think twice before blowing any devil who denies me peace into Davy Jones 's locker , you hear ? "
tr	C	The only safety lay in the consultant .
tr	O	Why did every curriculum decide to teach math right after lunch when everyone was half-asleep ?
tr	O	Thankfully , she 'd lathered on sunscreen ; otherwise , she would 've burned to a crisp .
tr	O	he chokes and reaches out to touch his brother .
tr	O	The words were whisked from Josh 's mouth as a gust of wind tore through them .
tr	C	Camellia staggered towards her , linking with each step .
tr	O	The killer had targeted Raven 's child first and then Savannah 's , but these children were in jeopardy as well .
tr	O	My tongue flicks out and runs inside her low-cut shirt and bra , reaching until it flicks against her nipple .
tr	O	The artist was as nearly talented a painter as his brother Chris was at drawing .
tr	C	" It 's population backups .
tr	C	Riley took that time to begin her career as a snow overhang .
tr	O	Enjoy a beverage in the waiting room .
tr	C	shouted the Dean , placating to his feet .
tr	C	They could haul the bridge up again after they 'd tumbled him into the muck below .
tr	C	" Yes , " she moaned as I kneaded her superiors .
tr	C	He 'd had the newcomer to use church services as a way to further his chances with me .
tr	C	" You 're a pun ! "
tr	C	In no time , they were speeding down the roadway toward Tacoma .
tr	O	There had been more than one hole in the hull along the rafters of the tunnel .
tr	O	She is your Essence , and it is fully within your rights as her Gerard . "
tr	C	The students filed past me , following Kiran 's limp body into the noose .
tr	O	Especially the Hope Center , Rae knew she would have to continue on as the DeLuca girl to generate enough money to keep it going .
tr	O	As she made her way down the long driveway , she noticed the landscaping truck parked outside her house .
tr	C	She shakes her head and turns a hard stare on Adam as he feeds them .
tr	C	An illegal act , but practiced in some straws , especially in remote mining areas .
tr	O	The final stanza of " The Prophecy of Gray " left out all the details that would have made it useful .
tr	C	As they continued to waltz , I walked off the giants hand and onto the floor of the room .
tr	O	My words were interrupted by Marshall , who 'd come up with two martinis , handing one off to me .
tr	C	" Your body is immune to all lightness . "
tr	C	The man 's tongue ran lightly across his lower lip , darted like a pediatrician 's into his mouth , and then was gone .
tr	C	I inspect the ends of my hair , mostly to differ .
tr	O	As soon as he did they both got out of the car , watching him as if he was as dangerous as a kitsune .
tr	O	She suffered from extreme cold one moment and extreme hot the next , while she shuddered as if possessed by a mild seizure .
tr	C	He finished with a cough then allowed the bases to work on his injuries , the worst of was his fully broken hand .
tr	C	" Chicago , 1993 " was depicted on the back in blue ink .
tr	O	How could pleasing her not be important to him ?
tr	C	They must have made it since the next time they goaded the rock was gone .
tr	C	The room was stifling and overheated , the freight going full blast .
tr	O	She was in her green scrubs , and her red hair was loose over her shoulders , and her face was shining with irrepressible happiness .
tr	C	I waved and then turned on one foot and made a beeline for the nearest pew .
tr	C	The spider was as big as his head , its fittings were dripping green venom and its many eyes stared intently at him .
tr	O	Darren deposited his iPad on her desk , danced around its expanse , and expertly laid his strong , gifted hands on the knots in her shoulders .
tr	O	I 'd seen a television news truck outside , parked in the rear along with the hearse , and the camera crew was in the church .
tr	O	Trina was the first one through the door , cellphone in hand .
tr	O	Humiliation threatened , so I quickly gulped the rest of my drink and reconsidered the bartender .
tr	O	He canted his head in the direction of the bike .
tr	O	She slows down as the speed limit decreases .
tr	O	' My guilt about Huw began to gnaw at me daily .
tr	O	She had to stop them before they could reach the villagers with their misty extensions .
tr	C	Such rites didn 't exist , and might even be theoretically impossible .
tr	O	Some guy was behind her , trying to unzip her skirt and kiss her at the same time .
tr	C	It was heard even above the uproar of screams , cries , screeching , showering and clap and bang of spells .
tr	C	Myra noticed a blur of a shortcut home before their journey suddenly ended .
tr	C	This year , Curry seemed to have been convicted as makeshift nanny .
tr	C	Would it be possible to create such a book , utilising the professions we 're making here ?
tr	O	I couldn 't see a thing and my eyes stung from the furious wind gusts .
tr	C	' Then you will be paired with them .
tr	O	She nodded again and began dishing up the eggs and bacon , then checked the biscuits in the oven .
tr	C	" What about your sciences ? "
tr	C	They hoot and declare and point and make crude jokes and say , " How was it then , Jack ? "
tr	O	With the funeral and everything I thought you would be down in the dumps . "
tr	O	Then it didn 't matter if they came in muddy and bloody , wearing biker boots or spurs , dragging along rigging or a saddle .
tr	C	His Western boots were retained to a shine , and two pistols hung low at his side .
tr	C	" What happens if he isn 't conceived ?
tr	C	We need some Lady Gaga in this ravine . "
tr	O	Oh , and if you check out the file directory , the stuff Dad promised is there as well .
tr	C	Many towns had a similar statue near the courthouse , but she was usually resided with a sword in one hand and scales in the other .
tr	O	How long since she 'd danced about with such exuberance ?
tr	O	" And ending up getting blown to smithereens instead .
tr	O	The beverage was bright orange , almost fluorescent , and smelled strongly of cleaning products .
tr	O	A fog bank began to seep onto the street , hovering a foot above the ground .
tr	O	It would now be a home to fugitive 's hell bent on bringing down the people who were leaving the rest of us to die .
tr	O	The kids frequently received souvenirs and assorted trinkets from the Collin 's , and looked forward to their return visit some day in the future .
tr	O	The walls were strutted with mighty fibers , dividing into roots that were firmly fixed to the distant walls .
tr	O	The week had completely flown by and she 'd been so productive , her boss had even pointed out her achievements at the morning staff meeting .
tr	O	They could go to ground and hide or decide to fortify themselves somewhere .
tr	C	It would make a good seat for both her and Colin , provided they didn 't drink too much stamina .
tr	C	Tessa 's shoulders fell and she stared off toward the gutter .
tr	C	Zack stares at my collision , which is located on my chest ; quite convenient for him .
tr	C	" Why didn 't you drop the interstate , stop giving me the drugs , when you found out ?
tr	C	The guy who mastered him had lined up all the votes in advance .
tr	C	They also hunt off the land , do their own putt , and make their own weapons .
tr	O	Eventually Johnny would have to pay the piper ; that is pay for the sins of the father .
tr	O	" He didn 't seem to have any hobbies apart from women .
tr	O	Charles 's hand stopped halfway to his mouth , the brownie poised in midair .
tr	C	What they lacked in combat dehydration , they made up in other skills .
tr	C	His thick , solid bone structure was evident in his massive hands and heaving underfoot .
tr	O	I had just eased all of Cade 's hungers but what would happen when mine reawakened .
tr	C	I wanted to rid myself of those lingering good memories , just as I wanted to mitigate the really bad ones .
tr	C	Cricket lingers at the bottom , unsure if he 's allowed to go up .
tr	C	" We have no headway with you , Shadowhunter , unless you choose to pick one .
tr	C	Birds and the soft rustle of noodles was all he heard .
tr	C	" The man 's a good ole " says Maker .
tr	C	There were pages and pages of legalese which he skimmed before reaching the final document : a financial summary detailing the assets they had to liven up .
tr	O	Beside her cauldron , Jeannie opened her eyes .
tr	O	We did all right with the oxen to pull our carts , which , in the beginning , of course , we had pulled ourselves .
tr	O	In Cael 's haste he hadn 't taken a keycard .
tr	C	Hugging her passionately , he said , ' Now let 's add the motors for posterity .
tr	C	We froze in place and just stared at the supermarket .
tr	C	" So , Mrs. Ford , do you think two million dollars is enough to make someone lie to get his membership application approved ? "
tr	C	Even Zoe had to admit she was touched by the woman 's dedication to try and change .
tr	C	Don 't turn so quickly from Monty the maverick , in to Monty the spastic , " She varied with a giggle .
tr	C	Thursday 31st May The following Thursday Amy finished her findings .
tr	O	The cook tossed the biscuit at John , hitting him in the chest with it .
tr	O	My body was frozen in a constricting paralysis .
tr	C	He threw the cricket into the air .
tr	C	Delicate little screens could be drawn over the light holes to dim , or declare , the room .
tr	O	It wasn 't hard to counteract the venom , fortunately , but being bitten by a snake is never pleasant .
tr	O	Instead , there were full patrols three times a week and a nightly curfew was enforced .
tr	C	" Why don 't we wait until it explodes down and then walk to the highway . "
tr	C	She had then spent another two hours selecting shoes and T-shirts to match .
tr	C	Finally , Liam 's laughter dies down to a getaway .
tr	C	Marius stared at the dead fish in the murky underworld of ice in the bottom of the tank .
tr	O	This only served to lull students into false security before a thermometer was shoved in undignified places .
tr	O	The train car bumps over the rails , and Marcus , Peter , and Caleb stand by the doorway .
tr	C	It was far enough away that the gauntlet could pretend she did not exist , yet near enough to seek her out when they needed help .
tr	O	I parked my car in the garage across the street and then ... and then I woke up here , with that exorcist . "
tr	C	The sky had brightened a little , but they still required everything the bike 's feeble missile could give them in order to see the road ahead .
tr	O	She poured herself a glass of water , gulped down a pill , then slipped the prescription into her pocket and took one last look around .
tr	O	' I know you too well , ' the drummer said gripping his shoulder with compassion .
tr	C	Rachel was a strong telepath , too .
tr	O	He had to be proactive , because being reactive would only end up in chaos , arrests , and more shit than he wanted to deal with .
tr	O	Get it , fruitcake .
tr	O	" Miss , " the stewardess said , leaning into her chair .
tr	C	McBride glanced back , and the coniferous trees were bright with colour , and from every chalet orange canoes sparkled .
tr	C	The greasy haired man , still standing in one place , reached a hand out toward the crowd and let out a thunderclap .
tr	O	The bouncer was doing his best imitation of a secret service agent .
tr	C	Everybody realized they 'd been the victims of a practical joke - the man who 'd stepped out of the audience was a bloodhound .
tr	C	They returned to the cottage , where Piers and Marcus ate ravenously and goaded them with their adventures with the enthusiasm of boys no longer afraid .
tr	C	And facing Lucas after the whole dream hacking ?
tr	O	A horse trotted out : a shapely black mare with her mane tied into braids .
tr	C	" Your father 's cognition is rapidly changing and evolving .
tr	O	Margaret appeared to be in her early forties with dirty blonde hair worn in a single braid down her back .
tr	C	This country is going to be in deep shite once the new king is discharged today .
tr	O	Now , the Russians back in 1962 had vehicles totally shut down during their tests , and that was before the advent of all this technology . "
tr	O	" No rules against pooling your tickets . "
tr	O	" If you connect them , they form a spiral and you 'll note that they increase in density as they reach the spiral 's center . "
tr	C	He said there were thousands , no , puffs of thousands of people , civilians and soldiers all mixed together for as far as he could see .
tr	O	" Ted , " Catherine chastised , " leave the poor girl alone . "
tr	C	" You will be disguised . "
tr	C	You know , we have some bountiful woodland nymphs that are ripe for harvest .
tr	O	There is no parasite evidence in the coffin or on her body .
tr	C	He could see why the painkillers had chosen it .
tr	C	Jackson and I worked on turning our equations into charcoal while Noah became a boy of precision .
tr	O	And now , have you come here to wring your hands and say how dreadful , it was nothing to do with you ?
tr	C	She was eager to honor him with a punk concert .
tr	C	I appreciated the baskets , but it lost something since Tim wasn 't actually an American Indian .
tr	C	The outer door banged with a jarring cacophony .
tr	C	Throwing them for a loop with a little banker was sometimes the only way to gain any sort of advantage .
tr	C	I glanced at the table where his shirt was completely stoned .
tr	C	At eighteen he 'd been tall and lanky , and his personal grooming had simmered low on his priority list .
tr	O	The good humour had now drained from his laughter ; it seemed to be more along the lines of some kind of violent seizure .
tr	C	She hurried through a shower , then pulled on a pair of soft , purple slacks with a matching jumper .
tr	C	Maybe Storm took it down to pick flowers for those alternative medicine practitioners of hers .
tr	O	" Above the visor over your head . "
tr	C	Her skin flushed and rejoiced .
tr	C	" And we 'll let you know more after we earn our contractors tomorrow . "
tr	C	I was going to die and I was bringing my canteen down with me .
tr	C	Daemon glanced at the clock on the skyline .
tr	C	Across the room , Mage and Mortimer shared a small round table , a skillet full of a red liquid between them .
tr	C	It was a modern overnight ferry , built like a cruise missile .
tr	O	Without another word , she darted up and over a crease between two dunes .
tr	C	He digested that as a registered foster carer Liz only housed girls .
tr	O	He traced idle circles along my ribcage , and I felt his touch , shivering through my shirt . '
tr	O	" Well , yeah , most of us jump from lower down , that rock that juts out from the cliff about halfway . "
tr	O	A young , an old , wealthy man or a man deprived .
tr	O	Between shock and awe lay a meltdown , and I was on the brink of losing it .
tr	C	Allie had a few small bags of tortilla with her that seasoned the stew perfectly .
tr	O	She had the beginning blush of womanhood , the merest hint of curves .
tr	O	Valerie observes with alarm .
tr	C	The defenders scattered , most heading out while a few settled again on the brick wall and the sculpture sticking out of the snow .
tr	O	I 'd never understood the educational legitimacy of mazes .
tr	C	He turned and addressed the man with the pixie face .
tr	C	" I shoveled in Comparative Folklore . "
tr	O	Blue Dragon RR 20 HP 60 Damage 2d6 to all PCs or 3d6 to one .
tr	C	He hauls himself up with a casual elegance that owes me .
tr	C	The arrow flew into the bush close enough to evacuate the birds , but not anywhere near hitting them .
tr	C	I jumped in Colt 's truck and grabbed the keys from the RV .
tr	C	She grabbed frantically at her neck , trying to pull the lashing , flexible limb away from her persistence .
tr	C	" Wear your tongue .
tr	C	" If you would stop offering idiotic fitness , I would tell you what I actually have found . "
tr	O	I feel a prickle of fear .
tr	C	I have to spook the guy who was picked to go .
tr	O	" Seriously , just once , could we do something without encountering one ? "
tr	C	Who is this you will send in my rant ? "
tr	O	You have a shooter on your roof .
tr	O	" What a marshmallow .
tr	C	She had a Taser on that read Priscilla and I thought the name suited her .
tr	C	" I was tryin ' for a pizza .
tr	C	And then he slips out of bed in the morning to go putt on the roof .
tr	O	And he didn 't chastise her for snatching any desperate humor .
tr	C	The girl is a true prophet .
tr	C	" Don 't give Ms. Hart a hard time on the first day , mister . "
tr	O	Maybe whoever that was holding the reins of that horse coming their way could be an outlaw or a bandit or worse .
tr	O	The other captains stared , half out of their chairs .
tr	C	" You have archers on your wrist .
tr	O	The contents scattered on the floor in a glittery cascade .
tr	O	Once again , I had been relegated to the rank of child , regardless of what I could offer .
tr	C	She would never be a normal printer .
tr	C	He 'll join your cause or cheer you from the kidnappers .
tr	O	" Hurry up and untie me .
tr	C	The newcomer flashed again .
tr	O	And there are advantages to letting him stay there .
tr	O	Glen enjoyed the gatherings from the room next door .
tr	O	Rather than speak to him and get him away , they were all more interested in capturing the thugs who were trying to make a getaway .
tr	C	Her body was overpowered by sobs , and she could no longer speak .
tr	C	The crane 's other arm was missing .
tr	O	The jet pilot for one of the local corporations .
tr	O	An immortal and his armies were on the move , and no one could defeat such an adversary .
tr	O	" Where are the other diners ? "
tr	O	My clinic , I discovered , was a ramshackle barrack , replete with a derelict tiny lawn , strewn with rusting hulks of household goods .
tr	C	" Tell me , " I say , rubbing my hands over the expansion of the bottle .
tr	C	" Some of my best friends were losers ... some of my best girl friends , come to think of it .
tr	O	Sally 's blue eyes said " gotcha " , but the waiter arrived with her lunch before he could react .
tr	O	" I climbed over the rooftops , " she said , pointing out the window .
tr	C	He quickly fell into his familiar role of coach , targeting his team .
tr	O	As the spasms rocked her body , he erupted , driving upward in an instinctive impulse to plant his seed deep in her womb .
tr	O	Tasha watched in amazement as the oblong object sailed easily over the top of the wall , clearing it by a good ten feet .
tr	O	He smiled as the attendant answered his queries .
tr	C	" I wasn 't harassing anyone , " Mallory , the aforementioned sorceress , said in the background .
tr	O	When five minutes passed , he holstered the Beretta and returned to the safe .
tr	C	The more time I spent reaching out , the more I began to actually resemble what I was feeling out there .
tr	C	I have no headway with you .
tr	C	The hours lapse by .
tr	O	By the time they got into the water , the wetness would feel the same as the pool water -- it was a common swimmer 's trick .
tr	O	Fitch sprang down the steps of the sagging building and bounced along the short sidewalk until he hit the street .
tr	C	Laila collapses in a heap on the floor , and I let out the breath I had been holding in a giant hunk of air .
tr	O	It produces endorphins , you know , and those improve your mood .
tr	C	I don 't think you 'd allow yourself or Liza to become hangers .
tr	O	" Just Charli , ma belle . "
tr	O	The others were dissipating and Cain glanced at me , adjusting the strap of the guitar case on his shoulder .
tr	C	Caden 's hands dropped to his sides with a loud slap , his face filled with innuendo .
tr	C	So we will just keep company with the paddocks until he gives up and goes home ? "
tr	O	Dave made two more job offers from the ten people he interviewed .
tr	O	It wasn 't far from the armory , so it didn 't take us long .
tr	O	He purrs in my ear before he steps out the door .
tr	C	The procession of Hunter destroying Neil remains high ? "
tr	O	She turned to observe her friend and her eyes shifted to look at Belinda 's talisman .
tr	O	I just hate baiting the hook with those squiggly little worms . "
tr	O	" For a spinster , she 's got an active fantasy life , " Jonas observed gently .
tr	O	He needed to do something to change his fortunes .
tr	C	It was Friday , herding us an extra hour extension at our dorm .
tr	C	Just as predictable as the sun rising each morning Trinity spotted Camden flying over a fledgling and heading her way .
tr	O	" Connor and Ellery , this is my houseguest , Rory Sinclair . "
tr	C	The sound gurgled a bit .
tr	C	His cream cloak flowed behind him and his matching tunic was tasked with a golden sun .
tr	C	The other students were determined to master the representative and then never use it again .
tr	O	Every fiber of his being screamed with exuberance even as his muscles burned and sweat stung his eyes .
tr	C	Everything he said was a midwife for some stupid magazine article .
tr	O	Smoke swirled , wafting him deeper into its billows .
tr	C	The door being held for him seemed to feel like an idol for him to move forward .
tr	C	The demon flopped down out of the window onto the cobblestones and began to funnel toward them .
tr	C	Looking back , I 'm pretty sure we ended up inside one of the acoustics in the wall .
tr	O	She had learned the basics in college , mostly to appease her roommate , who was convinced she would fall off a dock someday and drown .
tr	O	Glen needed her never to waver .
tr	C	A few coughs rang out in the blindfold , but otherwise there was only silence that could penetrate even the bravest man 's heart .
tr	C	At death the character can make a single physical strength save to disconnect the poison and remain at 1 hp .
tr	C	In addition to that , I had this architect with lots of my favorite books .
tr	C	These guys tend to dye . "
tr	O	" Four hours of social integration .
tr	O	They spent the rest of the day tracking the wolves ' movements and pushing them deeper into the mountains while staking the flags .
tr	C	Her arms drop to her sides , and her whole body tenses .
tr	C	" Of course they put gargoyle statues around the building , " Brandon interjected , " we 're in the city of utensils .
tr	C	The man who 'd sold it to her had originally bought it for his son and famine , so they 'd have a second car .
tr	O	We had the beaches in the summer and the mountains for skiing in the winter .
tr	O	That little dent in my pride smashed in completely and it shattered .
tr	O	He needs a scapegoat .
tr	O	Charles was worried because when you were summoned by the Council , the algorithm gave you only a location and a half-hour window of time .
tr	O	The previews hadn 't even started yet .
tr	C	The nearest tree stood about a mile from the imprint .
tr	O	We slid into the old elevator and it crept upward at a snail 's pace .
tr	C	A shadow under which they imagine is hiding goblin sorcerers of every sort .
tr	C	Theirs wasn 't a dent .
tr	O	I felt the sun bake my face as we crossed the parking lot , and that 's when I saw it .
tr	O	If they had been caught in the firestorm , they would have been reduced to ash and he would never find them .
tr	C	" Considering how much we work together , we should have more of these pleasant aftershocks , don 't you think ?
tr	C	She conjured enough energy for a wobbly pushup , and she dragged herself in an army crawl onto the taverns floor of the shower stall .
tr	C	Leo was still on the ground kicking at a plight trying to snatch his feet it its jaws .
tr	C	" I am not merely a cunt to scorn in .
tr	O	She moves clumsily , weighted down by the backpack she carries .
tr	O	I have a warrant to confiscate your dinghy for forensic inspection .
tr	C	The little gas fire was burning under the linoleum and Jim took his old favorite upholstered wing chair beside the hearth .
tr	O	They reached a crescendo and stopped all at once .
tr	O	So many times he 'd seen her roll her eyes over what she called " flyer games . "
tr	O	Eyes widening , Adam lifted a hand to stop his men from interfering .
tr	O	How much of it was pretense ?
tr	O	" Uh ... " I floundered .
tr	C	They sided with weapons and communications gear .
tr	O	I think you should have skewered his nuts and roasted them over the barbecue . "
tr	C	The first sergeant glared when there were snickers from the ranks , but finished his rocker as required .
tr	O	Here we are , you are snapped back to reality , and I 'm the bearer of awesome news .
tr	O	He had her apprehended and brought here several hours ago for conditioning to be prepared for ... " he choked up , " re-education .
tr	C	He 's the best barbecue we have on the island .
tr	C	I held the washcloth in my left hand .
tr	O	The girls ordered burgers and milkshakes .
tr	C	" Feeling pretty jumper , big guy .
tr	O	After a small adjustment it was perfect .
tr	O	" The paramedic already said I 'm fine , so you have nothing to worry about .
tr	O	I 'll swap you . "
tr	O	Maryanne marched into the apartment , plunked her bag of groceries on the kitchen counter and spun around to confront her neighbor .
tr	O	There are hordes of people wanting to pull you down and then you do not have options . "
tr	O	Shutting his eyes , he tried to fantasize about someone -- anyone else -- but all that came to mind was Adela .
tr	C	Her best friend in the world had been completely swallowed by the skyline of fire churning before them .
tr	C	I rub my forehead as the accountant from the panic attack sets in .
tr	C	" It 's not enough that kidnappers want our vote , they also want our money . "
tr	C	Or at least that 's how I pitied the invitation .
tr	O	He smiled , trying to evoke an air of fatherly leadership .
tr	O	When she slammed into his back , although she knew he never sensed her coming , the big ox never even moved .
tr	C	Much of her time is spent breeding winners . "
tr	C	It became a battle of rations ; who would surrender first , him or me ?
tr	C	' As part of my engineering corporation I 've been studying the schematics of the ARC .
tr	C	The wad of silver reshaped , growing in length to become a parasite .
tr	C	Bits of it began droning away and sticking to his palm as he moved his hand up and down .
tr	C	She shrugs and grumbles again .
tr	C	She took a soft probe and began to thump in a monotonous beat , using the rhythm of the women 's collective hearts .
tr	O	It was like a boundary separating two worlds and the moment we reached the other side of it ; we were already in another dimension .
tr	C	He looked totally exasperated , frustrated by her greatness , scowling as he gathered his thoughts to dispel it . '
tr	C	That unfurled her immediately .
tr	O	From an adjacent roof , another grapefruit came raining down , this time accompanied by the mocking laughs of Lancelot and Benedict .
tr	O	" Three coffees here . "
tr	C	After stepping into the wide stone serpent , he flipped the water to hot .
tr	O	He visualized the old manuscript in his mind .
tr	C	" Sir , several riots have broken out in the excavation sites .
tr	C	A mounted henchman turned and grinned at him .
tr	C	If only I had been there , to see the " bested " New Model Army break down to loot and rape !
tr	C	It would kill my mother to learn I spent a night riding mass extermination .
tr	O	The corridor was full of dust and settling debris as the boom of the explosion slowly ebbed away into the rattle and clatter of shifting rubble .
tr	O	" I had one of my premonitions , " she said under her breath as she put the dishes back into the basket .
tr	O	Female companions dotted the floor like colorful snowflakes , fallen onto darker ground .
tr	O	" You know , I 've heard all the sayings about the wrath of women , but whew , Scar , you have a temper . "
tr	C	The Jeep lurched forward , succeeding on a single , unmarked lane of pristine pavement .
tr	O	Are they planning an incursion ?
tr	C	She started to prolong the basket , and I sat down across from her , folding my knees to my chest .
tr	O	" I only see my dad thrice a year .
tr	C	He approached his admonition that morning with passion unparalleled , diving into his work in order to forget about his problems .
tr	C	Derrick , slow down to a boar 's pace , please .
tr	C	Several minutes later when Zac came on the line , they exchanged salutes and a few words before Neil explained what he had found to Zac .
tr	C	With the exception of how she was portrayed , Integra never really changed throughout the entire entranceway of the manga .
tr	C	He smiled encouragingly , exceeded her nose so she smiled , and moved to explore the view through the big Plexiglas picture window .
tr	C	His hands stroked her back , lacing her Sylvia Day - Bad Boys Ahoy !
tr	C	" Leila , if you 're in there -- " I rallied to the door .
tr	O	" That 's why we spent so much time watching the polar bear cub . "
tr	C	Up close , I could see they were sectioned out of some sort of reptilian skin .
tr	O	I had every reason to hate his stinking guts .
tr	C	The Inquisitor 's body slumped to the dorms .
tr	C	No more late-night movies about crime timeline , she reasoned to herself .
tr	C	She stood once again behind the podium , buttoning her black jacket in a sign that the membership was almost over .
tr	C	" I clean lavatory in breastplate . "
tr	C	The smell of petrol .
tr	C	It applied in the bush , it certainly applies on the golf course and I guess it bounces in business too , " said George thoughtfully .
tr	O	She 'd lost her confidence at the Scribe 's unwillingness to engage , but that didn 't lessen her perturbation .
tr	O	The key was kept on the mantelpiece of the great fireplace , but he had a duplicate .
tr	O	Now here they were , bubbling back , lingering just out of reach , merging unbidden with those truly awful words .
tr	C	She started handing out messengers at the front of the room .
tr	O	I tell myself this is no big deal because I 'm neither a suspect nor a fugitive .
tr	O	Now , speaking of my competitors , I hope to hell they weren 't plants . "
tr	O	You 'd catch them at recess in places they knew they were not allowed to be .
tr	O	To stare into it is to stare into the Pit itself .
tr	O	The flight through the city was a blur , wind whipping , leaping curbs , dodging pedestrians .
tr	C	The drivers were walking around the gazebo , agitated in the heat and shaking their fists .
tr	C	He put his hand against the tip to intercept , and pressed down .
tr	C	I am a hillock with that piece of software . "
tr	C	The liquid has a grandchild on it .
tr	C	The whole operation is protected with corrupt officials on their comm .
tr	C	" No , " she said , coming into the bathroom to lean against the interstate .
tr	O	I know where we can have a shootout with some cops !
tr	C	In my hand , there are repercussions of teams .
tr	C	And certainly not if one half of that potential romantic ballad was notorious Brodie Short , the villain of last season 's World Races .
tr	C	Claire ran down the hal at superhuman speed , and crashed into Jared , wrapping her arms around him .
tr	C	The bloodlust makes her moan .
tr	O	" You have approximately five minutes before they 're able to trip the wire and recharge . "
tr	C	After whipping up more swarms , she returned to the table and served drinks to the rest of the players .
tr	C	That business was still his chief priority , but this assault on his personal considerations could not go unmet .
tr	O	He starts rambling off information as he walks me through the main room , with the fighting ring and the punching bags .
tr	C	One of the jackass calls for more whipped cream , so Mom brings that .
tr	O	The third floor had bedrooms and bathrooms .
tr	O	My dad flinches with surprise .
tr	O	Kae began to wonder if this creature could even be bested by human strength .
tr	O	The waistline tried to accentuate the curves I didn 't have , and the skirt fell down my legs like running water .
tr	O	I ah ... Christopher : [ Picking up every nuance of her spasmodic movements and irregular expressions ] Oh , don 't worry about your precious Riley .
tr	C	It was impossible to find the mouth in all the tourniquet .
tr	C	There was no use taking the lenses : drugs and alcohol weren 't supposed to affect immortals .
tr	O	" Please don 't mention the crafts I have in here .
tr	C	Inside it appeared that an immense bias of wood and branches were being carefully placed .
tr	C	I have several other formations here and that volume is backed up in the computer system . "
tr	C	She bustled her prim voice .
tr	O	I pause shy of mentioning the blue-eyed sage .
tr	O	How could he make up a dumb family outing on the spot like that ?
tr	O	Any other girl and I 'd probably have bailed out by now .
tr	O	And the tripod will fit across my shoulders under the straps . '
tr	O	Ira Chesley had lived in bachelor squalor , which Jack abhorred .
tr	C	' This door leads to the household hounds .
tr	O	For a fortnight I was made to eat their elvish lily mash .
tr	C	" And their affections ? "
tr	O	Now the ache came back , originating at her bicep and rolling up her arm .
tr	C	" And then I slammed out of the canteen , and my parents have hated me ever since . "
tr	C	I grabbed the floorboard from him and studied it closely .
tr	O	Tears sprang to my eyes as I clutched the cupcake in my hand .
tr	C	She was about to run for her raincoat when Nick let out a deep , aggravated breath .
tr	O	When they reopened they were filled with fear .
tr	O	" Why , O why did I ever bring a wretched little hobbit on a treasure hunt ! "
tr	O	His foggy alcohol saturated brain struggled to explain the changing density of the light , he couldn 't make sense of what he thought he 'd seen .
tr	C	I clarify as he finds my pussy and inserts one finger , then two , then pushes three in .
tr	O	It saddened her to think that everything wasn 't going to fall neatly into place .
tr	C	" There have been no troubles moving enough troops onto the leaks , I trust ? "
tr	C	Perhaps I should go to the wanderers ' dinner early . "
tr	O	Thimble averted her eyes from the worst of the carnage , guiding her charges away from the deceased .
tr	C	" I don 't like the idea of traveling with strangers , but we certainly need all the anomaly we can get . "
tr	O	He skipped over my boobs to stroke the sensitive skin on the undersides of my arms .
tr	O	Which he presumed it had every right to , though there had been nothing like its ilk mentioned on any derelict reports he had read .
tr	C	You then met and made out with Dylan , a cad that seemed like a pretty nice guy , that was clearly into you and only you .
tr	C	I have to risk a possible breach in the hope of unpacking to you the weight of the responsibility with which you have been entrusted .
tr	O	They were still cold , with condensation dripping off the plastic .
tr	O	And a lot of onions . '
tr	C	If he offered his own sword it was only to block a thrust or forfeit a stroke .
tr	C	He snatches up on his arms .
tr	O	You saw how well she balances on air . "
tr	O	Carey declared eagerly , realising that the new story given to her might help allay any disappointment her friends might secretly feel .
tr	C	I rubbed my hand up and down , idly wondering if the delicate shirt would catch on the outbuildings of my hand .
tr	C	A thundering of gremlins exploded overhead as the chopper swooped past the ship .
tr	O	She simply cared for those that had no one else , " Gracie said , a little irritated by the insinuation .
tr	C	" If you ask me it 's a blatant gall . "
tr	C	The bartender grew wary ; it was his idiocy on the line .
tr	C	" Y want to find out where we were headed in the finesse at two thirty in the morning , " he said .
tr	O	" In proof of that covenant he has given you dominion over all the earth and all the good things in it .
tr	O	" Shh , " she shushed me , brushing her fingers through my hair .
tr	O	The forensics team have undergone a thorough investigation as to what might have started this explosion .
tr	C	They were such a streetlight .
tr	C	Travis scooped up Samantha with an ease and delicacy that overcame his compact build .
tr	O	He took my hand in his , I don 't feel violated in this physical contact , and I felt his warmth wash through me .
tr	C	Sam struggled forward ; it felt like removing oneself from spelling .
tr	O	Let the grand exodus begin . "
tr	O	Why isn 't Tomas a ho ? "
tr	O	You have a parcel ! "
tr	O	Or meet a guy who 's taller than me and doesn 't love having a girl he can cuddle against his chest . "
tr	C	' Decided , I suppose - or they caught her sneaking out and killed her .
tr	C	I just received his smock , didn 't I ? "
tr	O	His kilt sat on the dresser .
tr	C	She forgot that a girl like her and a transaction like him were never going to find a happy ending .
tr	O	If you just let me - " Out of the corner of her eye , she saw Butch Castle edging toward the exit to the main concourse .
tr	C	In the summer , he spent nearly every minute of his free time hiking , climbing , sunbathing or riding his mountain bike .
tr	C	The sexy Night Siren of the mats was as sick as she could possibly be .
tr	C	After what seemed like hours of carefully cutting the moustache away , they were able to see what caused the death of the beautiful creature .
tr	C	Alec retreated , reaching for another weapon , just as the demon 's parasol whipped around , knocking him to the deck .
tr	C	A musician played at the corner of his mouth , giving him a playful air .
tr	C	Once more the cockroach climbed his stand .
tr	O	" I was looking to buy a gift for my father-in-law .
tr	O	There was an unspoken change in our plan , some message exchanged that the two of us did not require words to impart .
tr	O	" What about radios , " Collins asked , " There 's a chance they might get some satellites back online . "
tr	C	She flips to a map of the area and flicks it a moment .
tr	O	Though it was injured it wasn 't hindered much as it switched directions and honed in on my brother and Bret .
tr	O	There was a flurry of activity all afternoon as vehicles were unloaded at the public ramp and trailers filled with various supplies .
tr	C	When they stood and sang Christmas carols , his loud monotone voice boomed through the building , bringing several stares and a few appreciative nods .
tr	O	I really didn 't want to put a big dent in my savings account .
tr	C	It was the week before classes let out for the summer , and students were looking for any excuse not to study for their swarms .
tr	O	' No other folk make such a trampling , ' said Legolas .
tr	C	He came home , you had six kids and became a chem professor .
tr	C	The ball with another spoonful of wildflowers was alight .
tr	C	The audit finds in her hand the fork from her mother 's fancy carving set from Toledo Spain .
tr	O	Before , his life had been ambling along , bent by circumstance .
tr	O	She thought of something more disturbing than disruptions in complex temporal perceptions .
tr	C	I swear she was part mermaid or part cat .
tr	O	If he woke everyone in a furious frenzy , they would know that he wanted to leave on a night expedition .
tr	O	When dad asked where I got the car , I told him that I got it fresh off the most recent delivery to the junkyard .
tr	O	My face was covered by a severe shrubbery and a shower alone was not going to clean me back up to scratch .
tr	O	Another standing ovation as the delegates jumped to their feet to again show their support for the general 's efforts .
tr	O	Javier disappeared into the trees until I could only see his flashlight and the glow from Este 's iPad .
tr	O	" I 'll be certain to arrange it so I 'm free of concubine and I 'll act quickly at their Selections to declare my intentions . "
tr	O	It would slow the rebound of the company , but if Stephan didn 't agree to help her , she was going to lose it all anyway .
tr	C	~ Jackson ~ The restaurant was exactly the type of place I 'd expected a Senator and his wife to install .
tr	C	' Believe me , I 've seen people paired up before .
tr	C	They pay me nearly two hoses for their lessons . "
tr	C	You liked this little grouch ?
tr	O	A glittering being was staring at her from the ground with its conversing eyes .
tr	C	They got me to do a homicide with them .
tr	C	" I knew you were trouble when you drove like a bee up my driveway . "
tr	C	The publisher set the wine down , picked up the coin , paused .
tr	O	The man , Selkirk , was in his forties .
tr	O	So I guarantee I 'll be a liability to your career . "
tr	O	She smiles , turning to the reddish-brown plant , running her fingertip along the flat , branching arms and rounded ends .
tr	C	Were the recital looking to spark off a reaction ?
tr	O	The gist is they want a bunch of their guys released within seventy-two hours . "
tr	O	He hadn 't been with a purchased woman since his 16th birthday , when his father took him to a brothel as a present .
tr	O	Yet there are so many things that can go wrong , many of which I want to delve into in future books in this series .
tr	O	The words to express how glad I was that he was here evaded me .
tr	O	She checked her reflection in the mirror , fluffing her blown-out hair .
tr	C	This car alone could impress a girl , but then as he gets in and smiles , that heart-warming look eases me even more .
tr	O	I looked over at her , and saw the authenticity in her eyes , the depth of her compassion .
tr	C	The minute we weaken our specialized position , they 'll attack , " the last councilor predicted .
tr	C	" No offense if I 'd rather not be tended to by a cacophony . "
tr	O	He hanged himself in his home . "
tr	C	He felt that question would take a lifetime with an occurrence to unpick .
tr	C	His hand at her back clenched the towel and pulled it free from the tuck at her cheekbone .
tr	O	Heading away from the cabin , they ventured out beyond the helicopter and further down the airstrip still wet from the previous night 's rain storm .
tr	O	She was ready to cry after them to prevent it , but they bypassed the door .
tr	O	It takes very little energy , and it 's an easy way to motivate people to do things .
tr	C	There were the sounds of metal against metal as burly guys lifted bars heavy with thorns .
tr	C	" I am a Mulla , and I would like to stay with you for a while so we can share profits .
tr	C	" The reason I choose the word ' saddled ' is because I disagree with it . "
tr	O	Behind him he could hear the shrill , panicky trumpeting of the elephants , and overhead the shrieking bellow of the vast dragon .
tr	C	The girl from the decency pulled her aside and then stared openly at me .
tr	C	Soon , my hatred for you may prolong my desire for you to sit my throne .
tr	C	" I have been putting forward this notion of stamina , which I described to you , sir , " he added to Staunton .
tr	O	They might have dulled the soreness .
tr	C	Not like the rest of us steaks . "
tr	O	A KOA is not a singles bar .
tr	O	' Now get down here and open the door to your shop or I 'll blow it all to splinters . '
tr	C	My brother permits , blood spurting between his lips .
tr	C	Built by a district court judge in the days of Indian Territory , the white two-story house deserved better than rot and companionship .
tr	O	" Yay for vague , " I muttered , shrugging off my blazer .
tr	C	With my abilities , I 've downloaded it through countless other couples .
tr	C	He and Michaels were in the inferno now , Michaels handling it like a veteran .
tr	O	She couldn 't identify the source of her unrest , but neither could she shake the feeling .
tr	O	Up above me , I catch sight of a dark bird , maybe a crow or a sparrow .
tr	O	I clutched the towel tighter to my boobs , swallowing hard .
tr	O	I 'd spent enough time sorting through the detritus of the dead .
tr	O	Other sentries came rushing from everywhere , and her blades were a song of steel fury as she cut through them .
tr	C	She drew another breath and loosed another arrow .
tr	O	" Real food , " Sharon said , trying to strike the old poses .
tr	C	" That 's part of the adoption process , Tim .
tr	C	We will not conclude the population .
tr	C	Dedication This book is dedicated to my wife , my daughter and import , and all those who have helped in its production .
tr	O	" I have another impressive statistic , " Mr. McKnight added .
tr	O	Tom and I raked over the numbers , and I tried to memorize as much of the necessary data as possible .
tr	O	continued the grandmother , in a dialect that had not been in common usage for several centuries .
tr	O	The lanterns and sticks of incense had been extinguished .
tr	C	" It means no one is sabotaging these circles on your plane , " the Princess answered patiently , an array of demon guards surrounding her .
tr	C	He swooped , drifted , and once almost gave a mouse a heart attack by bolting down on it suddenly before rocketing skyward again .
tr	O	The pair on the sofas though were scrapping .
tr	O	Regular as clockwork , seven days a week , small business , we never rest .
tr	C	Dave tapped in for disagreement on a hole that a moment before seemed like he would win .
tr	C	You 've been ambushed from the police .
tr	C	On the left armpit was a strip of plastic with the words " Doctor Earnest Jones " emblazoned thereon .
tr	O	" Parts of legends disappear , son , don 't mean they 're any less true . "
tr	O	Chapter 30 Cheyenne , Wyoming " Will the delegates please take their seats , " the Missouri governor said as he called the Convention to order .
tr	C	Single file through the east exit , camel ! "
tr	O	I launched myself at her , my wolf snarling and snapping her jaws as images of Lily being torn apart flooded my psyche .
tr	C	Horses wouldn 't dissipate , so they were all stabled indoors under the fort 's sleeping rooms .
tr	O	I kissed him back , hard , as hard as I could without mauling him on the dance floor .
tr	O	" It 's a ... I think it 's a ... it 's a J ... J ... JG ... the initials of someone named JG .
tr	O	As the evening wore on , she was amazed by the number of women who were willing to wait in line for an autograph .
tr	O	She slowed down only slightly on the turns , testing the sedan 's cornering ability .
tr	O	" Con , " Hale filled in .
tr	C	It is no mere guard or distrust , but Julian .
tr	C	At least then he could be sure they would have no guarantees .
tr	O	I pushed through the double doors to the atrium in time to witness Sofie deliver a vicious slap to Mortimer 's cheek .
tr	O	The Air Force is doing likewise with a number of buyers , especially in the Mideast . "
tr	C	" I 'm the one with the computer who can adopt that type of information at a moment 's notice . "
tr	C	Just as I 'd seen Dorian healing his oaks , I was able to prolong the plants and trees of my kingdoms to grow again .
tr	C	They relayed the monorail tunnels .
tr	O	The mare wished to gallop , to run .
tr	O	I palmed my throat , wondering if the music was too loud or maybe I wasn 't screaming enough ?
tr	O	If they rebelled , the husband or even their own brothers quickly subdued them .
tr	O	According to Nina , all matter has auras , including Boston mosquitoes , Phoenix cockroaches , and Tutu poop .
tr	C	She noted the clasp on his handicap was undone , the weapon now ready to be drawn at a moment 's notice .
tr	C	" But you , I want you should think about an awakening .
tr	C	I shoved it into my mouth before I 'd even taken it completely out of its plastic sheeting .
tr	C	Would this so-called advisor to Sofie be enough to protect me by association ?
tr	C	She 's married , in fact , to a land dispute in Essex .
tr	O	Daniel , of all vampires , didn 't deserve to have even one child , never mind the several he had sired .
tr	O	Stevenson was supposed to meet the courier sent by the Rebels .
tr	C	Although the statue was pitted and emitted , he could clearly see an enormous standing gorilla , the face fierce , the arms stretched wide .
tr	O	" Jim Wesley is my bishop . "
tr	O	" You mentioned a strange residue . "
tr	O	Orchid is calm , objective , in a crisis , and she knows how to assist you with medical procedures . "
tr	O	" Why in the hel not ?
tr	C	We were suddenly spinning as we misted through the blackness of time at incredible speed before everything halted with an abrupt jolt .
tr	O	Berle 's daughter , Emma , a pretty blonde in her early forties , peeked in and smiled .
tr	C	He shook his head , feeling like Daffy Duck doing an over-the-top wet , slobbery hunk .
tr	C	She quietly unfolds the paper .
tr	O	Rann had Tok program all my bots for his personal commands as Emperor of the Universe .
tr	O	Without a second 's thought , Otto reloaded his gun 's magazine .
tr	C	She would always hate her destiny , always wish the deputies had been kinder .
tr	C	Every so often , a black rooster would appear .
tr	O	" Ruger Bisley , custom converted to large caliber , " J.C. said with a grunt .
tr	C	" I remember these spooky buggers from when I was a kid , " Rae said .
tr	O	And this he did , with one last thought of that first day plowing on the ridge : the horses ' ears were forward .
tr	O	From just fusing them together and wanting to remain that way , locked with her in a private world of heat and passion .
tr	O	He brought his disciples out of the darkness of ignorance and into the bright light of hope .
tr	C	Lou was fed and put into the backyard for his daily awakening , and I was walking into McNamara 's office a few minutes before eight .
tr	C	You 're a powerful daydream and make all kinds of money . "
tr	C	She found herself sitting down on the sofa and numbing both of her thighs with the dagger and then plunging it into a cushion beside her .
tr	C	The best she could tell , the guy had been unleashing her with blood .
tr	O	The paralysis was beginning to make her crazy .
tr	O	Sometimes animals died , but most importantly , the townspeople began acting strangely .
tr	O	How did he just happen to stumble on board a military base and meet somebody who later on just happened to become part of a programming experiment ?
tr	C	And rubies , too . "
tr	O	That means the cats can hear sounds we can 't even imagine on both ends of the spectrum . "
tr	O	She would need it all the help she could get , and a lack of confidence caused by a ketchup spot would ruin this whole plan .
tr	C	She sat at the workstation and entered her co-workers on the screen .
tr	C	It also makes the slat a monster once he goes down that road .
tr	O	I couldn 't keep up with Zane and his moods .
tr	C	" Yes , my people authorized the term and everyone else defiled it .
tr	C	" I can 't speak for him , " Valerie insisted , rotating furiously on her toast .
tr	C	-- cogs , which are either positive , negative , or neutral .
tr	O	Later that morning , Timothy 's peering into a microscope in the lab , when Pierre walks up to him .
tr	C	And he added , " We all know you 're fast with the ravine . "
tr	C	And he was a liver .
tr	C	" He gave me an obituary .
tr	C	The quilt on her small bed was a life sized pebble with an actual tulle tutu peeking out from the fabric .
tr	O	From across the lot , I met the broken face of the girl who was screaming my name , imploring me through her tears .
tr	O	Then I was awoken from my sleep by more footsteps on the cold ground .
tr	O	The mixer whirled and whirled .
tr	C	I also believe once the moron starts that those who have certain abilities will improve what they do .
tr	C	" Handsome as any washer too .
tr	O	Sunlight is starting to peek through the curtains , and outside that window is a beautiful city full of innocent people that I just saw ravaged .
tr	C	After a few weeks , they quit crying and begging for their parents , and she enjoyed reliving them .
tr	O	Images of the murdered marshal in Colorado loomed , but Vivian shoved them away .
tr	O	Kaylie talked on and on with her about clothes , and Rick prodded her for more information about the markets , army , and economy .
tr	C	His presence irritates me .
tr	O	I , dear friends , am your narrator for this tale .
tr	C	The ape was probably a .22 based on the entrance wound .
tr	C	Cynthia was a short , curly haired , blonde woman with the legs of a body lotion , thick and wide .
tr	C	You could see the scene in front of the old crushed between his reservoir and its showcase .
tr	O	I rode the elevator , roughly twice the size of my room in my mother 's house , until it pinged me onto the top floor .
tr	O	" I would prefer gin , Mary , if you don 't mind . "
tr	C	He is ... " And then the tears came , basking in her eyes and spilling down her cheeks .
tr	C	She was against it , but because I asked her to brighten , she did .
tr	O	I clicked on both their profiles .
tr	C	" They serve the best French Quarter in the country . "
tr	O	Beth squinted at the terminal suspiciously , wondering if now she 'd need to invest in a new terminal as well .
tr	O	How many people know what a lute is , or what it sounds like ?
tr	C	" Forget that for a sec , " I say taking a bite of an apple , the sour taste glimmering in my mouth .
tr	C	A hard lecturing , and it was taking Marian longer to recover .
tr	O	The criminal is always a loner , and outside of society .
tr	O	I told her I would pick her up at her dormitory .
tr	C	Beatriz watched the replay of herself on the monitor , deciphering the Director during one of his ritual visits to the launch site .
tr	C	If it 's twelve we go fifty , fifty , like that , ' cause you know you 're gon na take the best looking thorns anyway .
tr	C	I frown at the champ , shaking my curls .
tr	O	He favoured his right leg slightly .
tr	C	Glenna , my best friend from the theatre , burned out faster than most .
tr	O	I felt two emotions : pure and utter elation that I was the last man inside Josie and ... pity .
tr	C	" Scorched runny gruel , what 's not to like ? "
tr	O	" We 'll keep you apprised . "
tr	O	Long , glossy , blonde hair fell below her shoulders , hanging in the type of ringlets you would expect to see on a young girl .
tr	O	Caliban had no Laws at all , while Prospero 's First Law was modified .
tr	O	" Let 's hear what the shrinks have to say first . "
tr	O	The commissioner went on .
tr	O	Sean exhales sharply ; he 's trying to unfasten the breastplate and Corr 's moving too much .
tr	C	" This ship looks like it 's been recently ransacked , " he said .
tr	C	" You are aware how many calories , empty hangers I might add , that sugar has in it , aren 't you ? "
tr	O	If you 're not out in five minutes I 'm coming in , he threatened , his words reverberating through my brain and giving me a headache .
tr	O	They mounted as one , turning their reins to head the steeds onto the quiet road back to their keep .
tr	C	" Ron is not a workaholic . "
tr	O	I had hoped that the compliment would not be excessive , but I needn 't have worried as the woman beamed a proud smile of assent .
tr	C	Their focus was not nobility of human life but minimizing lost profit .
tr	O	If so , Purcell had outsmarted them all .
tr	C	She spent most of her days commanding a scout ship on the soles of Collective territory , gathering intelligence .
tr	C	It couldn 't have been easy to confront this virtue .
tr	C	Alessandro 's mother turned to look at the oval window as the wind pushed the foreigners and rain lashed against it .
tr	C	I used to love the fragrant aroma of unity and chocolate that leaked from the old coffee house .
tr	C	Slipping a hand along the small of her back , he walked her to the door of her father 's plantation mansion .
tr	O	The moment Heather lifted her top hand , a toad leapt onto Eric 's chest .
tr	O	Your accommodations will be five-star , of course , " Mr. Bundy went on .
tr	C	But even his burden paled in comparison to what the Reds held ; floating above each of their heads were giant bellows of multicolored marble .
tr	C	It was like lying out in the sun or hooking under cozy blankets .
tr	C	They have stretched their helmets too thin marshalling this fleet , but we have nothing left to take advantage with .
tr	C	Not a whisper this time , but a biscuit .
tr	C	As they began to talk , I had a sudden flashback to that god-awful board game my mother used to make me play , jumper .
tr	C	" Just a broken crab . "
tr	O	He felt like a pinball in an arcade machine , as he bounced through the house and up the stairs .
tr	C	Turns out he 's into movies , too , but more the technical side : cameras , cinematography , video cam .
tr	C	You have no reason to fret about your old verse .
tr	C	She proceeds towards it .
tr	O	I won 't let you use a stupid argument like this one to force me to terminate the contract . "
tr	O	" Horses can sense fear .
tr	O	I looked up at him and saw no smugness or mockery .
tr	C	But it had taken her a full fifteen minutes to slide the laird in front of the door .
tr	O	This was like a meteor storm up close .
tr	O	He stepped over to his Steinway baby grand and checked the tuning on one of his guitars .
tr	O	They quickly ordered before the waiter scampered off .
tr	C	My reflection in the polished marble pedestal showed my tears and I wiped them from my cheeks .
tr	O	Even the administrator of the facility thought it was stupid . "
tr	C	I moistened my seatbelt and started to crawl toward the back of the car .
tr	O	He continued to speak the lyrics whilst eying the girls and occasionally leaning out into the audience to high-five an admirer .
tr	C	A moment later , when he was behind the wheel , streaks of rain were buckling the windshield and tap dancing on the roof .
tr	C	In the headlights from the bladder , she ran up the path and let herself in .
tr	C	That hadn 't really panned out , but by the time she 'd been seventeen and thinking about concepts , she 'd been pretty settled on engineering .
tr	C	' Thinking of running , laborers ? '
tr	C	Christopher already had it all figured out , added it up , yielded the situation .
tr	C	But the idea of unfolding in a new Sith Empire that Adani wanted seemed out of place .
tr	C	Caroline 's gesture appeared to dissipate the hopscotch layout and unfinished games .
tr	C	What 's more , the newcomers raised our petitions in prayer , and I felt deeply reassured at their religious intercession .
tr	O	The pipe struck the corpse across the lower torso , disrupting its balance and sending it flailing into the cold water .
tr	C	Thinking quickly Laura pulled her veneer off her rifle .
tr	O	" Hurry up , " one of her friends called , " we 'll be late if you keep dawdling . "
tr	C	But I guess someone like you , someone who attracts enemies like others collect coins , would have to . "
tr	C	Even tin and intimidation weren 't enough to keep her mind clear as she rolled across the cobblestones , eventually coming to a dizzy rest .
tr	C	Aiden shook his head , brushing away my rudeness .
tr	O	Pam lifted her arms over her head like a ballerina , went up on point in her tennis shoes , did a little twirl .
tr	C	Ricky asked , his mouth jammed full of muck , interrupting Josh 's thoughts .
tr	C	Fuck , I 'd even let her touch me , her fingers like fire as they trilled along the lines that marked my skin with my sins .
tr	O	Victor shook his head in disagreement but he said nothing .
tr	O	When I finally made it outside , it was like stepping into an outdoor hallway with dividers and dumpsters beside each door .
tr	C	There have been a couple of small explosives lately .
tr	C	I declare my jacket and toss it over her face so I don 't have to look at her .
tr	O	he asked , composing himself .
tr	O	You 'll be making me blush and then what will the neighbours say ? "
tr	C	He untangled them and took her with him as he sat up , opening the ownership on the window behind them .
tr	O	Not an envious , love struck expression .
tr	O	He also went out of his way to meet people , eat with them and help youngsters with their studies .
tr	C	Nat took another pail of his beer .
tr	C	By the time Sarah reached the main gates , Rachel had dismounted and was handing her smartphone over to Lou with a casual flip of the reins .
tr	C	Part of her awareness told her that she was controlling the landing approach of a raincoat .
tr	C	The whole team simultaneously sets the blindfold on their watch for fifteen minutes .
tr	O	The sheer audacity it took to even think that was stunning .
tr	O	Arthur was on time and had brought her a wrist corsage made of white roses and emerald carnations .
tr	O	And so we can take over for each other with as little disruption to the actual attorneys as possible if something goes wrong .
tr	C	The walls are sandstone with illumination and gold tapestry hanging .
tr	O	He started by taking over the Coast Guard station , recruiting those who had experience , and organizing a fishing fleet .
tr	C	Over its long history , they determined that they shared history with the Strangers , and many theories had been perfected what that history might be .
tr	C	Androids thought and whitened that way .
tr	C	No he wouldn 't be fostered into the same equation with the others .
tr	C	" I guess the best way to deal with this lawsuit is to face it head-on .
tr	O	" That 's a horrible metaphor .
tr	O	A bed filled a corner , a kitchenette with a table in another .
tr	O	The chemistry -- the heart warming elation was incredibly , beautiful .
tr	C	Scientific findings , in other words , must hold true for all who investigate any given set of conditions and chicks .
tr	O	Who could not only endure but persist in such self-mutilation .
tr	C	The warmth of his breath sent a shiver streaking through her tummy .
tr	O	" That depends on your interpretation of the word found . "
tr	C	" Look at me , mister . "
tr	O	The USA , the land of the free and home of the brave , had been hijacked by perverted self-serving interpretations of the Bill of Rights .
tr	O	She swiped her card , pushed through the metal turnstile , and stepped out onto the platform .
tr	C	" Not here , tarnish it .
tr	C	That is all IT is ... beat the competition ... ' ' Naturally ... by co-operating in mutual enhancement ? '
tr	O	He responds with a loud belch and a grin .
tr	C	Its metallic rim was perhaps millions of years old , yet still managed to sparkle through the shallow lakes between swells .
tr	O	She wanted grandkids , and Dominic was her only child .
tr	C	Those eyes practically gobbled me with the way they knew me .
tr	C	" I should ... " she said , ducking her head and swishing , idiotically , toward the kitchen .
tr	C	" I found an arrowhead on the beach at warp . "
tr	C	he shouted , veering to restore order .
tr	C	Darkness was beginning to fall now , but since it was winter , this gave the shackles still a solid six hours to go .
tr	O	I shook my head to rid myself of his taunts .
tr	O	Amelie had declared an absolute ban on hunting .
tr	O	The Captain was saying conversationally , ' and I heard nothing but praise for it after its last outing . '
tr	O	A wave of disappointment washed over , her mother was going to be heartbroken if she didn 't fulfil her dream .
tr	C	I spent hours with Louise , studying the plans , learning each detail so I could subdue it all when I got out . "
tr	O	" No , " he hurried to say , struggling to think of something to appease her and wipe away the fear vibrating through her .
tr	O	At the least I should be able to hear the howls of the werewolves .
tr	O	I sucked in my breath , my sobs never lessened , and my frantic movements made my hand slip .
tr	O	" Apparently there are several large lakes , an extensive escarpment , an impressive waterfall and -- " " Yes , Niagara Falls , " I said .
tr	C	" Duncan you gave your word before God , this imitation does not break any of God 's laws that I know of . "
tr	C	During that time Kathy had learned to love , hate , admire , and discard her boss .
tr	C	My father seemed to have this all down fella which made me feel at ease .
tr	O	If he was , he would hold a grudge .
tr	O	You feel helpless , then you do something that prepares you to act .
tr	O	I 'm annoyed with him because I can 't Erase his memories , not because I like him . "
tr	C	" Is that what the markings do , give people physical and mental cores ?
tr	O	I didn 't trust myself not to get lost in another daydream .
tr	C	the other man withheld .
tr	C	Markus strolls over to Chloe and places a hand on her lower back , raking her to our row .
tr	C	Being seen on Mauricio 's arm had procured her into a whole new group of friends .
tr	C	Bodies began falling from the gaping holes of the buildings , stoking the lawn around the buildings .
tr	O	The road and driveway did the same , cracking and crumpling .
tr	O	I have killed only men like you who are a blight upon the earth . "
tr	C	With a running start he leaped forward , showering his stocky frame through the air and praying he hit solid earth on the other side .
tr	C	If not , you would not have been here and gesticulating the road to a destination , you have almost arrived at . "
tr	O	Time passed like blurs inside a dream , like one of those scenes in the flicker talkies where the view smears to show confusion .
tr	O	My hand grabs at my coat , jerking it off as heat consumes me and chokes my neck .
tr	C	On one wall was a large donor , with erasers and fresh chalk .
tr	O	" You have the seeds of greatness within you , " she said .
tr	C	The sight of it made him think back on the words the politician had spoken , up on the roof .
tr	C	" Over half the year on a regular basis , even more lately with all the publications overseas . "
tr	C	His words stiffened her spine and she couldn 't call back the glare as she provoked him with her gaze .
tr	O	Constanza had navigated toward a flickering light , finally pulling up to where a dozen or so cars and pickups were already parked in a ragged line .
tr	O	So , keep me posted about how your company is faring during this tough economy ... if you 're getting any business yet . "
tr	C	" As for what her purpose may be , I can give you only scores ... " " Yes , tell me . "
tr	O	Maybe it was the only thing in his favor , but he was one hell of a marksman .
tr	C	The woman behind the counter , in her late twenties , or early thirties , from my granny didn 't hesitate in asking .
tr	O	She nods at the lightning that has been streaking across the sky since the game started .
tr	C	Blissful unconsciousness became foggy awareness which dwindled into painful reality .
tr	C	Mase James was big and mean and would do anything to get his baby brother out on eBay .
tr	C	Chaz 's practicality came with a few surprises , though .
tr	O	There were a computer and a printer on the dining room table .
tr	O	The land was level and gray-green all the way to the far horizon , interrupted only by straight ditches and occasional stands of trees .
tr	O	For tonight the darkness smelled not of rotting flesh but of mutiny .
tr	C	She clenched up , legs squeezing , hindquarters tensing .
tr	C	He was enjoying a quick forty-five minute rinse when the apartment began to shake like a lapse having a seizure .
tr	O	I don 't want to have this big heart-to-heart with him .
tr	O	I closed my eyes and visualized .
tr	C	" Miss McClellan , I have better things to do with my time than be a climate for you and your father .
tr	O	They traversed the entire distance and exited using a door at the far end .
tr	C	" I mean , take some control of the situation ; be a man ... " " I know what adoption means , " Robert said .
tr	O	These were the deformities only associated with woe and suffering .
tr	C	" Others of course , found more lethal mystics . "
tr	C	I had watched her with other guys while she worked , and no one got the same unyielding gaze I got .
tr	O	In a couple swift moves , Ty and I were pushed to the sidelines , while the two of them entertained everyone around us .
tr	O	He didn 't let go of my wrist , rather he slipped his hand into mine and twined our fingers together .
tr	O	This would insure he received all the credit .
tr	O	When its eyes settled on the bookshelf with the metal doors it darted toward it .
tr	C	Blue triumphantly welcomed the end of the school year and the beginning of more freedom to explore the pick-up line .
tr	O	His personal objectives were still in tacked .
tr	C	It 's the best foot coil we 've got , at the moment , " Joel said .
tr	O	She nods appreciatively and unfolds the schedule .
tr	O	They ran in opposite directions , but like dogs on a tether , the rope ran out and the iron spike won .
tr	O	And why was I notified about graduation exams only now ?
tr	O	Max watches apprehensively as she crumbles before his eyes .
tr	C	" Eric paid an ox at LSU to research it . "
tr	C	That had yielded quickly , I thought , not at all upset about it .
tr	O	The little bit of speaking they had done had been conducted through attorneys .
tr	C	Every move I made was a torture of needles and razors and T-shirts .
tr	O	" I saw the charts on the table .
tr	O	Hunter , however , will take the brunt of the charges since he is the one who ordered the deaths of Gerry and Carolyn . "
tr	O	I don 't know how they know these things meself . "
tr	C	The inflection in her tone left no room for contestation .
tr	C	Donald cautioned them against the tendon , mentioning " the meat may be , well , let 's just say , a little suspect . "
tr	C	Blah , aye , blah , the same questions every single time .
tr	O	I am confident that I can restore your neural imprint with little or not disruption or changes .
tr	O	Hell , or their offspring and anyone who associates with them . "
tr	C	He was on par with Vincenzo in looks and cheekbone .
tr	O	Eve didn 't have dibs on him .
tr	O	She couldn 't think about him now or she would be a muddle of irrational emotions all over again .
tr	C	He sketched his body into action , and now he gave chase ... of the man pursuing his daughter .
tr	C	She stood before him cradling his head to her stomach now raking with the worry of what still remained unsaid .
tr	O	Someone who stayed in cheap motels with men who slipped away the next morning ?
tr	C	He 's not as bad as the other revenue but still has a strong personality .
tr	O	Shannon snored from above .
tr	O	Darcy 's dangerous job as a military pilot didn 't offer safe guarantees of a stress-free happily ever after .
tr	O	" We don 't kill civilians .
tr	O	" Wonder how Rob fared , " John said .
tr	O	St. John gave his blue silk lapels a tug , his expression somewhat mollified .
tr	O	Henry looked at her phone as the newscaster gave a report on the grounds .
tr	C	" No , I 'm not from Israel ; we just share some superficial components with the kibbutz sociological structure , nothing more than that .
tr	C	" No , thanks , " she says , putting the cookie sheet with the spicy flavors in the oven .
tr	C	That wasn 't to say he was incapacitated , but he missed the time they spent together .
tr	O	I ought to have realized , when they sprouted ; it must mean you have reached your full growth . "
tr	O	She pointed to some delicate blue flowers that were clustered together in the center of the bouquet .
tr	O	She might be fighting vampires and jaguars , but she was going to look good doing it .
tr	O	" Why , I already have mostly of what I want , but there is one thing that I desire -- the trident . "
tr	C	" They 're Celtic symbols for protection , power , and clubhouse . "
tr	O	All three of them were older men , with dark hair now greying and muscle turning to fat from lack of exercise .
tr	C	What he 's really doing is avoiding my mother and planning a divorce that 'll leave us both in a hideout somewhere .
tr	C	" Sweet baby , " she reopened , sitting down in the chair that had rocked the first Poppy Holland born in the New World .
tr	O	He lapped at the little blood that leaked from the already healing wounds , pulling me upright with a triumphant smirk .
tr	C	One of them had caught Vela 's eye and she moistened the window display , head bent , eyes wide and seeking .
tr	O	My voice was grim as the rain came down still harder and I looked around for saplings that I could use to immobilize his arm .
tr	C	She 'd clearly been his peephole in the hole the entire time , and he wasn 't shy about letting us all know .
tr	O	She 'd woken him up looking at those scribbles on his arms .
tr	O	In such circumstances , she was a brilliant ray of sunshine , providing hope to the forlorn .
tr	C	We have felt its pull for safekeeping .
tr	C	I thought he was lucky the annihilation hadn 't been piping hot because eating ice cream right afterwards might have made his new teeth crack .
tr	C	She was positive he would generate the court order and come to her .
tr	O	Then the bishop spoke , his voice echoing off the stone walls so that the whole church could hear him : " Monsieur le President .
tr	O	The space felt less protective than it was imprisoning .
tr	O	" A great accomplishment , Comrade Wang , " stated Ri Yun who was to be the fourth and last speaker before lunch .
tr	C	Jimmy was good , and I could tell I was taking home the chore for least able to blend in .
tr	O	Lately , he 'd taken to making artwork from the boxes and boxes of fireworks he brought back with him from his frequent trips to Florida .
tr	O	" Being the warden and all , we better make him happy .
tr	C	So I 'm going to grieve your disobedience . "
tr	O	I went to the kitchen and she had picked up bagels .
tr	C	" That little fella ; he 's got an attitude , but he 's smart as hell . "
tr	C	She frowned at him , " freaks ? "
tr	C	" Yo , bro , you may want to loosen your grip before your hand demonstrations with her waist , " Cash says , laughing .
tr	C	" Age and rank have their Euros .
tr	O	I stood again and picked up the ornaments .
tr	O	The medallion was burning on my chest , its frantic algorithms racing across my mind .
tr	C	My makeshift stake felt terribly flimsy as I peered into the dark misfortune .
tr	O	Most of all , it 'd make Olive 's predictions come true : people wanting to study him like a lab rat .
tr	O	Perhaps there are periods of unconsciousness , but what can it matter if I can 't find refuge in them ?
tr	C	Beyond the view screen , threads of red light swirl , relaxation the darkness .
tr	C	The cartoon cat had made a tremendous leap across the alleyway to the opposite roof .
tr	O	Do not retract it . "
tr	O	Together with partners and friends sharing work and thinking , the five kin had transformed this empty corner of Colorado into a sprawling enterprise .
tr	C	Thomas had survived the horror of hydrogen gas only to be blown up during a counter-attack .
tr	O	The histrionics coming from the scumbag were most unappreciated .
tr	C	The man looks at her , confused , and then flinches his expression .
tr	O	His reserves of small talk , never very liquid , had dried up .
tr	C	I cracked my neck as I walked , still trying to relieve the monks in my body after my long slumber .
tr	O	Donny crouched along the edge , taking a double handful and splashing the water over his face and raking his wet fingers through his longish tangled hair .
tr	C	The soldiers wore spectacles like the Judaic do , and I quickly saw why .
tr	C	" Ever heard of statutory rape , you vegetarian ? "
tr	C	As she watched me clarify , Lara laughed .
tr	O	As the event promoter , Barnabas had the authority to address the fighters after their matches .
tr	C	Nearby couples watched with admiration when they effortlessly executed fairly complicated twirls and hammers .
tr	O	" No frickin ' way .
tr	O	" But you say they have all the permits ?
tr	O	Rose asked , reverting to the initial topic .
tr	C	We didn 't need to go on imps , or paint our house , or drive around in a new , fancy car .
tr	C	Was it madness that caused me to jump from the controversy , hoping to end my life ?
tr	C	She had no idea who was beyond the thick cloth of the canteen , save that every instinct told her they were dangerous .
tr	C	The piping and interviews we do will be streamed online as a webcast on a dedicated YouTube channel . '
tr	O	Her long hair was dark , like espresso , her face pretty .
tr	C	That is how the women of Paris keep their figures , as well as their equations ! "
tr	O	They had been active during the crusades , and sought to ensure that pilgrims could visit Jerusalem unmolested . "
tr	O	It was impossible to ride a horse without being jostled and bounced about .
tr	O	He even imagined a few children running around , enjoying the fruit of his labour .
tr	C	Saint-Martin has promised a substantial donation . "
tr	O	She responded to his caresses just as a human would .
tr	C	" If you 're right , I 'm sure Yuri will find anyone else involved in this attempted coup . "
tr	C	There are only requirements of light and dark .
tr	C	The boy was young yet , and without a cheeseburger ... no , Dan ' r couldn 't risk him yet .
tr	C	My realtor was a troll . "
tr	O	While we were out here stressing about you ?
tr	O	Carson frowned , picking up on my sour mood , but before he could say anything else , the bel rang , signaling the start of class .
tr	O	Then why the secret tryst with Howell ?
tr	C	Your convention ... " " Who ? "
tr	C	" The stone passes from daughter to daughter to ensure the rookie . "
tr	C	Two demon monks in a demon pod . "
tr	C	" That 's why I 'm barreling through the files , trying to figure out what 's been overlooked . "
tr	O	" Okay , I 'll be on my way in a jiffy . "
tr	O	She had rarely seen the old instructor less sure of himself , and it fuelled her anger .
tr	O	I could smell bourbon on her breath , and I leaned toward her .
tr	C	He 'd polished off the floods and was wiping his mouth when he noticed some commotion outside the bar .
tr	C	I had to know everything and cattle ranching seemed something I was a berserker bit eager to get into .
tr	C	We 're going to wipe out this nest of necklaces .
tr	C	" Kids would come into the ER all the time with head wounds or weird quirks and bruises .
tr	O	This won 't simply be a fight for domination .
tr	O	Gabriel stopped several times , cheerfully introducing me without prompting .
tr	O	He pocketed it as she looked at him , dousing its light .
tr	C	There were pink shoes on her feet that were covered in large , pink gums .
tr	O	The first thing I did was register for unemployment .
tr	O	" I 'm not going to ruin their experience by turning into a used car salesman . "
tr	C	Detectives found no other physical evidence , no witnesses , and even the instability had been wiped clean of fingerprints .
tr	C	She received Writers of the Future omen for fantasy and science fiction and is the author of numerous YA short stories .
tr	O	The tranquility allowed him to clear his head and to ponder his errors -- there had been many .
tr	C	It gives us some clarification , but I 'm not sure how long Stryker will abide by it . "
tr	C	Calder 's ringtone came after breakfast while everyone was still seated at the table .
tr	O	He wanted those expert hands on his body , stroking him to full awakening .
tr	C	She could smell Ashton 's cologne , a scent she now found revolting .
tr	C	' He forged your signature ; to help finance the books . '
tr	O	" Was it your savages ? "
tr	O	Daniel quickly shushed his wife .
tr	O	The tone in Mack 's voice dampened their good moods .
tr	C	The door blew apart , sending a shower of chips and spoons into the Manor .
tr	O	If you have problems the replacements are free . "
tr	O	His smile widened before he drained his snifter as well and then signaled to the bartender for another round .
tr	O	The flash of the muzzles was becoming blinding .
tr	C	She pushed with all her strength , but the thing had her flabbergasted .
tr	O	One day you will blink and the haze will dissipate .
tr	O	" There are absolutely no side effects from the exchanging of the souls ? "
tr	O	Joey snatched the phone back , but leaned over to let me see the interface better .
tr	C	That made him a poor choice for the mission of maintaining a connection to the Eye planted in the parapet .
tr	O	We 're going to trample all over each other 's feelings now and again .
tr	O	Most revolutions are boisterous , built in frenzy , hold oceans of negativity and that 's why often demand huge amount of human blood .
tr	O	" Sebastian , my boy , you could not help what happened , " she had said , petting his yellow curls .
tr	O	He regulated the atmosphere , used lighting and soothing natural sounds to relieve the continual assault on the brain . "
tr	O	Peter took the rudder back from Jake and they finally landed safely .
tr	C	The thick sweet scent of illumination spilled from the half-open door into the foyer .
tr	C	If a dead man fiddles with me , I 'm outta here . "
tr	C	One of the scarves , a huge man with emerald green wings , frowned at me .
tr	O	I need some leeway on this one .
tr	C	" Oh , " I said , stirring everyone with my dazzling radiance .
tr	C	" Okay then , " she whispered , moving against him , letting him feel that she was as muddled as he .
tr	O	' Give us a kiss , mister ? '
tr	C	Messengers had passed to and fro between all their cities , colonies and strongholds ; for they resolved now to win the endorsement of the North .
tr	C	But flicking through the stapled pages , I see with horror that I 'd aborted her .
tr	O	That couldn 't possibly have been deep enough to leave any blood , much less enough to smear across your hands !
tr	O	shouted Henry over the bellowing engine .
tr	C	In the dank , damp bedclothes the sharp sulphur stink of the match flew like a yellow bird , rising on drafts , plunging through cracks .
tr	O	Yet even if dueling were not forbidden aviators , he could not make challenge .
tr	O	A girl what 's born for hangin ain 't likely to be drowned .
tr	O	The mercenaries are distracted .
tr	O	The suite had a pantry of sorts , and she 'd helped herself to the dried meats and fruit within .
tr	O	It would just be a bonfire , lit in the garden of one of mum 's neighbours and now just a little bit out of control .
tr	O	And you have to admit , she 's been a real trooper in between . "
tr	O	When they crossed in front of the stump they raised their paddles into the air and shouted , " We 're the champs !
tr	O	If anyone was talking in riddles , it was Foley .
tr	O	Yeah , " Steve nods , " You do all those cartoons in the school newspaper , right ? "
tr	C	And his eyes were so warm and brown they didn 't seem to match his stiff opposition .
tr	C	If it had been the midst of winter , they would have promised a long , steady , seasonal jumper .
tr	C	Couldn 't God have given Dante just a tiny little bondage so that he didn 't distract me quite so easily ?
tr	C	Told them all the dealers were in order .
tr	C	Her voice played in his ears like a daredevil , perfectly tuned , giving him goose bumps .
tr	C	Whoever moved first was at a tantrum .
tr	C	They drew back the platinum bob and used it no longer .
tr	C	He lay still for a long while , breathing in the stale air and sealing his strength .
tr	O	After everything else had sealed off , the main hanger door shuddered once then began grinding open not metres away from where Beth and Dan now stood .
tr	O	One thing that I had noticed since my arrival was the cleanliness of the place .
tr	C	And maybe Kylie was wrong to feel angry , or maybe she wasn 't so much angry as she was just tired of playing second verse .
tr	C	A false accusation could reduce everything . "
tr	C	President Alexander felt like the king of Babylon as he studied the pages of the holy book on its cohorts on the end of days .
tr	O	" And some grenades too . "
tr	O	Feel like feasting on oysters and lobster ? '
tr	O	Andrew ordered a beer , Megan ordered a margarita , and Kelly ordered her third glass .
tr	O	She might very well be going on about something , but all I hear is the equivalent of a power mower .
tr	O	Her voice was a delusion , born out of the increasing grip insanity was taking on me , thanks to the rare type of magic I used .
tr	O	Some were rotted and fallen , with the memory of those who laid beneath them long forgotten .
tr	C	" Will you please write a letter of confinement ?
tr	O	When I got to Tuck delivering barrels in the upper bailey , he started yelling at me for running off .
tr	C	The way in which the little man surgically worked the table was an absolute disregard .
tr	C	" Yes ... who slew her to the factory ?
tr	O	Liz 's hands were a blur as she threaded the coarse rope through her hands and lowered the winch .
tr	O	She 'd bought me a sweet , little baby doll nightie .
tr	C	Only place to get this stuff is a military doc , " he thought .
tr	O	Nothing will put Obscura on lockdown faster than finding out you 've located their bug .
tr	O	From my reading of it , I see that Altair entrusted the keys to Niccolo , and that he brought them here and concealed them . "
tr	O	And he ignores me .
tr	O	The stiffness in her arms made the simple tasks a study in soreness but her mind was elsewhere .
tr	O	Josie Galloway was not piqued in the slightest that she would be interacting with the most handsome and intriguing man in a hundred square miles .
tr	C	When she put a hand over a broken forearm and laid a pattern to memorize it , Nolen straightened .
tr	C	The splashes the shelter had received today would temporarily help , that was true .
tr	C	She 'd have a natural flair for artistic expression , creating impressive pieces that 'd reflect her heart in the world .
tr	O	Woven carbon thread ran slowly through the press , which sandwiched it between polymer sheets .
tr	O	" That you 're obsessed with the local pastor 's daughter .
tr	C	So Booker had authorized his dreams and come to Dundee to do the job .
tr	O	When she reopened them , she saw answering agony in Alaric 's gaze .
tr	C	And everyone knew I was the mother he wanted , not the room 's persistence .
tr	O	she asked when her mirth subsided .
tr	C	Maybe he was realizing that marriage to her for a year was going to put a serious flaw in his sex life .
tr	C	Amy and Laura took the time to lucidity and stretch out .
tr	C	He 'd always be weak enough to grab one last taste before his damn shares took over .
tr	C	Then he added hastily , " of course , they 're just bribes , you know .
tr	O	I cuddled up next to him .
tr	C	The words rang true , but Sophie navigated them .
tr	O	He had no stamina .
tr	O	As he walked towards her , the candles nearby seemed smothered and went out , the growing dark concealing his face .
tr	C	He could not answer those questions without resenting the sudden and final end to his career as a law enforcement officer .
tr	C	Wondering how it came there , I remembered that on the way from Cologne there was a young patron sitting next to me .
tr	O	" Looks like the ship is changing course to intercept us , " Kimbra said .
tr	C	" I 'd say she 's just exhausted from the hamper .
tr	C	" I was replaying my memories to you .
tr	C	He rejoined it with large feet dangling over the side , but never a ripple did he make .
tr	O	' No , mate , I reckon I 've had my ration for the day . '
tr	O	She 'd been more than a little certain that he would lose interest once her novelty had worn off .
tr	O	He hurried forward , half skating on the slick surface .
tr	O	Three immense paintings dominated the walls surrounded by smaller ones scattered tastefully to complement the larger .
tr	C	" I hope I won 't git like an idiot . "
tr	O	" Lick me . "
tr	O	Furthermore , all identical twins that are conceived as a mother and father 's first children are also aborted because their identical DNA poses potential problems .
tr	C	Charlie has nobody left to laugh with , and his eye shimmers , looking for entertainment .
tr	C	If they turn their claws to it , I bet they could tear through the cave walls and into the corporal leading to the bunker .
tr	C	He thought about either swimming back up the channel or showering the shelf to find out .
tr	C	Her pa had made him soft toward their young daughter .
tr	C	Not a stitch of color could be seen , though he did boast a peculiar lifeline on his lapel .
tr	C	She needed a brotherhood and this was the type of neighborhood where she 'd be likely to find one .
tr	C	So I stand there , my feet freezing on the wood floor , the arse hanging heavily from my shoulders .
tr	C	Every motion was like the steps of a well rehearsed dance , fluid and in tandem with each other .
tr	C	Gray knew that billions of dollars of corporate money were already pouring into such rudeness , from giants like Monsanto , Exxon , DuPont , and BP .
tr	O	It was the first time I had seen him smoke since he 'd re-entered my life .
tr	O	Gage hisses over at him .
tr	C	We sailed for a few hours while I taught her some advantages of boating 101 .
tr	O	" I didn 't realize this was an intervention . "
tr	O	You are about to embark on an investigation but I don 't know much about that .
tr	O	" I meant to tell you , Leona had a run-in with Chloe .
tr	O	I 've got a zillion things to do today before trick-or-treating . "
tr	O	Jennifer 's eyes lit with fondness .
tr	C	He was wearing a pair of statistics that were too big with an oversized SWAT sweatshirt .
tr	O	Catherine , who was listening to the physician 's dire prognosis , jumped up from her chair and dashed for the door of the chamber .
tr	C	A horn blares without declaring , shaking us both back to reality .
tr	O	" Look at the backdrop coming into view , Shelton . "
tr	C	" We should start with some weights .
tr	C	The water was thicker and a lighter shade of brown , evidence of drainage from the quickness that ran through the fields .
tr	C	He smiled , and despite my other briars , it felt so good to know our friendship was mended .
tr	C	I drive past the rows of peanuts towards the newer plots in the back .
tr	O	He licks his lips " And assurance that you can trust me . "
tr	C	She returns and hands me another pair of appendages .
tr	O	" He 's a lucky bloke . "
tr	O	The bars of Cell A were thick , reinforced , and supposedly designed to keep even the strongest of paranormals inside .
tr	C	He wore a greasy Mariners baseball cap , and notched an equally disgusting Mariners T-shirt .
tr	O	He called the coroner 's number again .
tr	O	Parts of the physical body , and also some of the Mark 's thoughts and connection to their handler . "
tr	O	Then she looked at the youngster .
tr	C	Wolves threw themselves again into the side of the Cadillac , threatening to knock Nicolas out .
tr	C	I moved my wares out slowly , careful , to protect my king .
tr	O	As they headed toward their bunks , Barnes said , " Beth , I 'd like a word with you , please . "
tr	O	Scout in the front and gunners at the flank .
tr	O	She remembered days when she was a child , running through the atrium , laughing and playing games with her older brothers .
tr	O	" She never got along with our uncles .
tr	C	Joseph hailed me to my feet .
tr	C	This documentary has soured things somewhat for winter sports , but we 're exploring the area and enjoying a chance to catch up with old friends .
tr	C	You shouldn 't have to nuzzle the day more than once , though .
tr	C	She could stand and watch the glittering water for hours , besieged by the power and beauty of the ocean .
tr	O	The song came to an end , but the quartet started another slow tune without a break .
tr	O	I was handcuffed -- the links having been looped around the pipe of an incomplete sprinkler system installed overhead .
tr	C	She dials her bottom lip out .
tr	C	He looked at the one inch hex and blinked in surprise .
tr	O	" Almost everything is paid for with vouchers or coupons that you buy from a guard . "
tr	O	The morning air was already thick with the heat and humidity and the smell of cut grass that would last the entire Alabama summer .
tr	O	About ten feet out his head popped out of the water and he took out his mouthpiece .
tr	C	Unfortunately his intentions were obtained by the belt .
tr	C	Her ring featured in the glow of the cabin light .
tr	O	You know , that drought in the 1930s lasted for years . "
tr	C	Dante revs the engines again and it roars , then begs quietly .
tr	O	Josh was gentle , to the point of hesitancy .
tr	C	I knew that the chaos Viggo was creating was not just his crowbar against Veronique 's choice .
tr	O	She reached out a slim finger and touched him where the proof of his need glistened in the lamplight .
tr	O	This scholar stood to the side , gazing into the fire , his expression echoing Altair 's thoughts .
tr	O	screamed another of the guardsmen .
tr	C	" Odds are very matriarchal here , aren 't they ? "
tr	O	" Guess we need a new foreman , " Jerry said .
tr	C	On reflex , her hand was smoothing down her belly , almost reaching her cheekbone .
tr	C	" She 's a smart lady , your virtue , " Garrett went on , his voice just a little above a whisper .
tr	O	Her voice was low , gentle , as if she were speaking to a wild thing , coaxing it to trust her .
tr	O	A deal was struck and I expect it to be honoured . "
tr	O	I started to panic , feeling suffocated all over again .
tr	O	" When you were in the simulation ... were you aware that it wasn 't real ? "
tr	C	He would down a much bigger dose of pure courage , and bring the bottle with him so he could spawn more if needed .
tr	C	She knew there was an extra specimen container under the Source and that would preserve the flower .
tr	C	She felt the wind of his strike as he missed her by scant pickings .
tr	O	I clicked the book open , propped my shoulder on the armrest and relaxed .
tr	O	Free burgers had been a great perk .
tr	O	My body throbs with pain all over - an aching pull deep in my calf ; a sharper twinge in my right hip .
tr	O	Forcing herself to work on the Lonely Bunny 's antics while daydreaming about Simon made it nearly impossible .
tr	C	she cried , abandoning even the tiniest ray of neutrality on the issue .
tr	C	She couldn 't help but chuckle when she thought of how slang he had seemed when he first saw her as Lizzie .
tr	C	" Put some of the coffee spills into the filter and press it down .
tr	C	They didn 't feel good about me being alone until we settled all the uncertainty around the plumes .
tr	C	I lugged myself and went for the opening .
tr	O	I was told Scipio had you and your family assassinated . "
tr	O	Sign up sheets will be available tomorrow in the Resident Relations Office Any doubts I 'd had about goings-on in the Assisted Living facility were now dispelled .
tr	O	" They act under orders from warlocks or powerful demon lords .
tr	O	Todd sat with a bottle of whisky and stared into the fire flickering in the night .
tr	O	We were just playin ' . "
tr	C	Pieces of wood fall on me and give me specifics , but I barely notice them .
tr	C	He rapped on the window to get the marshal 's attention .
tr	C	She turned hard to the left , blowing a traffic signal and nearly clipping a lackadaisical pensioner .
tr	O	The older boys were showing off their muscles to make sure everyone knew they could carry the heavy baskets of corn kernels across the field .
tr	O	Bark lurched , fearful of the General 's retribution .
tr	C	The apparent contradiction is explained when we understand , as Rayford is dinged as saying in this chapter , that " protection is not absolute " .
tr	C	She tied the slush as she walked to the door .
tr	O	Dwayne once demonstrated his superhuman powers to him for two reasons .
tr	C	" Yeah , you already surmised that like thirty times , you little bourbon lush .
tr	O	" Surrender your forces and no one else needs to die . "
tr	C	Time beaten by a clock infinitely quicker than the earthly one , incompatible with human pairing .
tr	O	About the shootings . "
tr	O	" I 've decided to claim my birthright and keep my promise to Grandmother to find a husband . "
tr	C	They 're out here by themselves , on the carton , no one will believe them if they tell .
tr	O	Your belief in these silly superstitions is the only thing that keeps you from being a perfect woman . "
tr	C	Cameron 's keypad came off , then his cravat and collar , giving Ainsley a fine view of his bare , damp throat .
tr	O	He had to improvise something quickly when we stayed behind .
tr	C	" Yes , " said the Angel , " We will start our recreation of holy places with the Sacred Earth itself .
tr	O	The Family and Southern United hoped to squeeze them between the two territories and drive them out of Paragon City , if not out of existence .
tr	O	" That 's the alchemist 's tower , " Arlen pointed slowly to the section of the building that had long since burnt down .
tr	C	" Like to-do lists and grocery carts ?
tr	O	" Tomorrow is the day my daughter will walk down the aisle , saying goodbye to her adolescence and starting her new life .
tr	C	Unless we get a grid in there pretty soon , they 'll just get fouled in all that decree . "
tr	O	The people of the villages , fearing the shadows that threaten their homes , begin to put their trust in hand-made trinkets .
tr	O	The forge was in the center of the room and the sword maker had just taken the heated metal out to hammer .
tr	C	" The colonel wants you to extract five hundred more of these . "
tr	O	The bacon double cheeseburgers , those trips to Cold Stone , or that Chinese buffet that we love .
tr	C	Outside one of the more reputable looking taverns , a couple of sailors were discussing which boats were rebuilding and they ticked through the possibilities .
tr	C	Silence asked , looking to the trapdoor .
tr	C	" Dispatch just called in and reported they received a message about fifteen minutes ago that Radcliff was attacked by some douche .
tr	C	But then the darkness assuring the tombstone terrain limited her vision .
tr	C	I sigh with thriller .
tr	C	I didn 't expect him to jump back into misfortune after all that had happened .
tr	C	Every year since then , the statue is tailored to be displayed on the victorious school 's campus until the following year .
tr	O	" Are you a psychologist ? "
tr	O	After countless aeons their pigments were brilliant still , for the cold and dryness of hideous Leng keep alive many primal things .
tr	C	However , babies and children are recognized as innocent in the blossom .
tr	C	" Like someone relayed it with a brick . "
tr	O	In exchange , the King and his lords offered security and the protection of their swords against any enemies .
tr	C	You might think the victor was not quite up to snuff if he was playing with Ninja turtles during office hours .
tr	C	De Grenier glanced up from the interstate .
tr	C	" You 're here to whisk me ?
tr	O	He gave so much - and unlike his soon to be ex-wife , his employees were grateful and thought he was equivalent to a king .
tr	C	She pulled away , seeing a troupe lined with old texts .
tr	C	He never went commando , hiking , climbing , or anything like that in the mountains .
tr	O	Elizabeth gave Flo some oats and left the horses in the pasture .
tr	O	Everyone was on their feet , all talking at once , marveling over the birth of Helen 's first grandchild and Sam 's new niece .
tr	O	Cadmus had been passed around and ogled by every female in attendance .
tr	C	He continued stumbling towards greater feats of lights , which receded from him as in a dream .
tr	O	They had come from every corner of the factory to see if the poet 's words to them would prove true .
tr	C	" He 's a professional fund-raiser . "
tr	O	" Uh , I was only hit once , Doc , " Jon says , thinking this guy must be smokin ' dope .
tr	O	Said he in gloating triumph , " so you thought you could get away little prince , or perhaps sought help or sanctuary from the Brethren ?
tr	O	One brought a crock pot , which was the source of the cabbage scent .
tr	C	The new training facility is a building comprised of a series of interlocking triangles , visually interesting , but I wonder if it 's tough to navigate .
tr	C	Reacher had seen the same look in elite infantry veterans who had survived long jungle regions .
tr	O	She 'd charmed the staff and had settled into her new position as if she 'd been born to it .
tr	C	Eternity has a way of righting all merchants .
tr	O	Zack 's voice reverberates off the walls of the room .
tr	C	Namaste , I offered the little bird , hoping it would find a safe getaway to tuck itself into against the coming winds .
tr	O	In the book he held , no one had bothered to mark the houses his father had exterminated , or the survivors sent into exile .
tr	O	Jonas flipped open the diary to the page detailing the discovery of the crystal .
tr	O	' The Fog is ... well , it 's what happens when someone tries to do something that 's not allowed . '
tr	O	This building was totally dedicated to civil and criminal violations .
tr	O	She had never spoken of this with any other person , and the floodgates had been opened .
tr	C	Sounds more protein than crazy don 't you think ? "
tr	O	" If things end between you and the kitsune ... then I 'd be next in line , right ? "
tr	C	Your chronometer showed you to be a time traveler . "
tr	C	His hand brushed my cheek and trailed down my neck , quickly numbing my attention , as though he could sense my wandering thoughts .
tr	C	She was introduced as the senior councilman , in charge of the estate 's artifacts .
tr	C	Jemma calculated how much change she had gotten away with from the outdoor tables on the noose .
tr	C	Collecting secret information , surveillance , unarmed combat , shooting , blackmail , sabotage , contractor , jungle survival -- bah !
tr	C	And then they headed out the door , taking a preference to the locker rooms .
tr	O	And I 'll bring the boys ' choir from Europe if I have to .
tr	C	I spot a bunch of psychics that have managed to fall under the slotted stairs .
tr	O	I unrolled the wrinkled piece of paper , curious more than anything .
tr	C	Time has found new deities and they 've forsaken us , " she grumbles , suddenly sounding quite sad .
tr	O	Ultimately , Forty Days is a work of imagination and storytelling .
tr	O	Peter ducked his head and kicked at the tall grasses as they crossed the lawn .
tr	C	The representatives of more than a dozen countries around the world were brought to a huge soundstage to hear about the new coals .
tr	C	I sucked in a breath and met his gaze , but nothing except bloodlust seemed to look back at me .
tr	O	Shock hits me in the head like a pail of ice water .
tr	O	" Come on , Bobby , " Mike spoke up , " your car 's a trooper .
tr	O	But that doesn 't necessarily mean our thinkin 's all that wrong . "
tr	O	Gavin slumped into the barstool .
tr	O	The nurses moved around the bed like leaves in a whirlwind , touching , prodding , pressing , verifying .
tr	O	" Watch for withdrawn or self-destructive behaviors .
tr	C	Her silk shirt glided down her arms , hooked on her elbows before negotiating to pool at her feet .
tr	O	She loosens her hold on Jason and he slides down the wall so his feet are at least touching the ground .
tr	O	Mike too zoned out for a while , with no alternative other than to eavesdrop on other conversations .
tr	C	Because that was a douche I was silly to even entertain .
tr	O	Matthew was primed and cocked like a loaded pistol , and this was the last straw , this was the straw that broke the camel 's back .
tr	C	I looked around and saw a few of the students making a tortilla in the frozen grass .
tr	O	War was imminent , and each clan wanted to make sure they allied themselves with the winning side .
tr	O	It makes a satisfactory clang in the silence and I turn to Adrian .
tr	C	And when restored to your planet , these items should jumpstart the caveman .
tr	C	He was playing with her , brimming with her emotions .
tr	C	" Clara , pay attention to your pine boughs !
tr	C	She picked up the paper and studied the skiing .
tr	O	It hurt more than anything , more than all the belts , more than the feeling of drowning in that ice cold lake .
tr	O	The overseer decides who 's to work and who 's too young .
tr	C	I assure you , I never pass my time with bloodsuckers . "
tr	O	You brought them last time and now I 'm going through withdrawals . "
tr	O	The first song she 'd put on was her present favorite , Pink 's latest , but it was near the end of the playlist .
tr	C	" Yeah , her insane fury gave me a jumper for months . "
tr	O	" We have one Sumatran tiger with two cubs .
tr	O	More specifically , Tench had cajoled him into crudely proclaiming his skepticism that extraterrestrial life would ever be found .
tr	O	But let me ask you a question : For how long do these pleasures you speak of last ?
tr	C	I 've done my homework ; you could not have a stronger sedative .
tr	C	There would be no confab , because she followed the narrow and shortness of a line stunted by contemptuous appraisal .
tr	O	" So you 've done one of these duels before ? "
tr	O	The thing that frightened her the most was that the idea of being alone in the bedchamber with Voss didn 't frighten her , or concern her .
tr	O	" You 'd better head up to the house before I forget my manners and lure you off somewhere to ravage you . "
tr	O	He had noticed several antiques when he 'd followed Alex in earlier .
tr	C	" Should be great for payback . "
tr	C	" I understand they plan to appoint you as bloodlust for New Terra , " Ramona begins .
tr	O	On top of it , the gargoyles remained stationary .
tr	C	The younger braves liked to hunt for small game , such as rabbit , opossum , carrion , and squirrels .
tr	C	He then placed his closest advisors in the roles of chief of police and head of the tiny Marat army .
tr	O	Her high-powered celebrity actor spouse , Thane Curry , was in England making his debut in producing the next 007 movie .
tr	C	Dinah tried to illuminate the rising tension .
tr	O	My range of suspects was growing by leaps and bounds .
tr	O	" If that was what she wanted to be when she grew up , then she should have majored in something like hotel management .
tr	C	Along the seams and the hems , and infused into the fur .
tr	C	Soon I have multiplied many fields .
tr	O	Solange had to moisten her lips twice before she could get a word out and then it was a croak .
tr	C	Even now , his body tightened at the thought of how she would feel against him , how her mouth would probe to his , taste .
tr	O	These are all just ways of desiring more power , that we can give you . "
tr	O	Gathering her in his arms , he cradled her gently , relishing in the feel of her once more .
tr	C	He 'll come up with a bet he knows he can 't win in order to do something he extends . "
tr	C	You know they 're full of archetypes ? "
tr	C	Stop fussing about the food . "
tr	O	I eventually landed a position as a top executive in one of Manhattan 's most prestigious business firms , Lyon Enterprises .
tr	O	Unfortunately , nothing came to her and she slouched , defeated .
tr	O	Angelica focused on her fingers , playing with a loose thread on the coverlet .
tr	C	I would babysit for her often and loved spending time with her , and masking her rotten ( or spending time spoiling her rotten ) .
tr	O	It snaked southward in the moonlight , serenely making its way toward Baja , where what was left of it would empty into the gulf .
tr	C	" Can we hasten her ? "
tr	C	When her lips parted , I expected a string of thorns to come flying out .
tr	O	The obvious answer would be they developed them to graze on tall foliage , giving them an advantage .
tr	O	As she pulled , the chain unraveled , the crystal almost invisible in the dark .
tr	O	" First , we must spend two days fasting here , clearing our minds and purifying our hearts . "
tr	C	The bee flew low over the path leading to the monastery and Michael and Ben saw Sophia and Alexander .
tr	C	There were pictures of Sarah 's titled husband , of cars and houses , photographs of their life histories .
tr	O	Phyllis was there to cocoon him in a towel .
tr	O	As kids they had never bothered with real food , preferring the candy , chips and pop with which their mother would fill their stockings .
tr	O	She reached over now and ran her finger over the prickles of whiskers that lined the chiseled edge of his jaw .
tr	C	We weave around the crowd and spot a drop dead gorgeous Eli sitting in the booth by himself , looking all haggling .
tr	C	She had partially jacked the face of Nature , but his immortal lineaments were still a wonder and a mystery .
tr	C	Angus jumped on her , and pushed her to the ground as Loki pulled the racket from his coat and stabbed Bea in the shoulder with it .
tr	C	" It 's to thank you for informing my life with this time of peaceful memories . "
tr	O	" A good start , " Magnus told him in a condescending tone .
tr	O	The thoughts pounded through his head as he ran , and they only eased after he 'd hailed a cab and stumbled into the back .
tr	O	They burned and he saw through them into the ugliness of his own actions , the suffering they had created , the suffering they had maintained .
tr	C	Even though he spoke quietly , there was powerful tone of authority that cascaded in his voice .
tr	O	The closer it looms , the clearer my vision of it becomes .
tr	C	The Fiddler clapped her hands .
tr	O	" You said hostiles before " Zep asked , breaking into the reunion " Can you detect any other life signs ? "
tr	O	Or do I get three more guesses ? "
tr	O	A slight smile appeared as he moved around the bag , targeting different sides with different hand techniques .
tr	O	A light turned green above the lintel .
tr	C	I scooted forward , my arm burning and bullets whizzing around me .
tr	O	It teases me , mocks me , tears me apart !
tr	C	It 's got two bedrooms and two carrots . "
tr	O	Believe me , I like a little ... calmness as much as the next mother , but it 's nice to see him so excited . "
tr	C	Over the next three weeks , each of the new T-shirts sold their possessions , giving the community more wealth than it had ever had before .
tr	O	The phobia rose up and swallowed him whole .
tr	O	The jock walked over to the boy with the hoody and grabbed him by the arm .
tr	C	CHAPTER THIRTY THREE It was loosening slightly that soft autumn evening when Paolo picked up Sally after work .
tr	C	It was an old heavy building , built of devastation and stone , that looked like it had grown slowly up from the forest floor .
tr	C	No matter how much May tried to love her , she could not vouch for the absence of the father .
tr	C	I thought we might scare up some championship on the Udall place , so I took the shotgun from the house .
tr	C	" Hank 's at his bayonet .
tr	O	Her blond hair slipped free , and she shook it out , the golden tresses falling in waves around her shoulders .
tr	O	Policy said Rohit and I had to tell a joke to each other to make the potential intern feel at home .
tr	O	She has a voice like grated pebbles .
tr	O	She sagged back against the arch , and he followed along with her , sealing their bodies closer .
tr	O	" Yea ... but this deer meat tastes just like pork .
tr	C	She glared back at him and said , " Obviously I was completely wrong on all my farewells . "
tr	O	She was taking the day to clean out her closet and donate all of her old clothes .
tr	O	Clark , you specialize in cancer treatment and have had your oncology practice for twenty-seven years now .
tr	C	Ed and Jonna had purposely created the bridesmaid in the stamping tooling .
tr	O	Behind a concrete angel , a vapor emerged , dim green and poorly formed .
tr	O	My hands went to his hair and I pushed his head lower , angling him toward my breasts .
tr	O	The speculation ranged from mundane , a sprained ankle , to fantastical , a heart transplant .
tr	C	He had only five days until his suppliers showed up , but he was certain he could hide her from his interrogations .
tr	C	Apparently , Ginny 's comment on food distribution wasn 't so far-fetched after all .
tr	O	He tapped on the overhead display to awaken it and then displayed a digital diagram .
tr	O	" Nobody smokes . "
tr	C	Like his grandfather before him he taxied to hold himself to two simple standards .
tr	O	I do not want her in my world and I do not want her associating with my son . "
tr	C	With a groan , he positioned and thrust deep , lashing through her in a relentless drive .
tr	O	She heard the door close , and then Dave slide into the co-pilot 's chair .
tr	O	I held my hand over the boundary and dropped one tracker into his palm .
tr	C	He would never inherit his superior .
tr	C	He looked at the bases for House of the Rising Sun and played the progression backwards .
tr	O	On top , was a fin similar to the wing .
tr	O	Emotion erupted like a geyser inside her and she began to cry , at first meekly then in large hungry sobs that wracked her body .
tr	C	Adel winces , " I , I , uh ... Kamil and I. . .
tr	O	They literally cleared the ground by five feet as they arced from where they 'd fallen to land just in front of the newcomer .
tr	C	His advisors were strong and warm beneath my hands , his skin smooth as I felt his chest .
tr	C	Maybe she 'd dubbed herself on his heart when she was born .
tr	O	You 're under my rule , my jurisdiction . "
tr	C	The cabal has both letters and numbers .
tr	O	The wraith began to shriek , an unearthly wail that reverberated throughout the house .
tr	O	Doc turns and looks at me , as if he 's evaluating my worth and finding that I come up just short .
tr	O	" Um , zoom in , zoom in , " Sheen mumbled while staring at the hundreds of buttons in front of him .
tr	O	The munitions have gone into the sea , " I tell him .
tr	O	" Not saying it wouldn 't be bad , " she amended .
tr	O	It was long and impossibly thick , beautifully shaped with a thick roping of veins that pleasured her from the inside .
tr	O	" My father is retiring .
tr	C	I lifted my shirt , revealing two deep gouges in my chest with blood gushing out .
tr	C	Dizzy with a sense of her own brothel , she gave him the first truly seductive smile of her life .
tr	C	Brent joined in , pulling vigorously at the seminary .
tr	O	When we got there , a number of people were already seated in easy chairs , sipping tea or coffee , and quietly conversing .
tr	O	The village 's inn loomed out of the mist as the rain grew into a torrent .
tr	C	With a raw cry , Hunter sank his jaws deeper around the vulnerable flesh and flyers .
tr	O	She didn 't know what she 'd do if they couldn 't get his cancer into remission .
tr	C	" Your needs , your eardrums .
tr	C	" It was a planned meeting between a MARS representative and what we thought was a local swimmer , " Destro explained .
tr	C	Champ remained quiet for the washer .
tr	O	Eileen was Generation X and highly experienced with text messaging , social websites and any other technology wonder of the 21st century .
tr	O	" My hotel , Gia , " he reiterated .
tr	O	" In the face of this greatness , I feel pretty small and insignificant . "
tr	O	And then , to cap things off , I got wicked cramps and my period started .
tr	O	" Oh , look , the Gypsy has a sword , " Preston said in an amused voice .
tr	C	For the love of -- That was so -- Okay , I 'm imploring .
tr	O	" You are spoiling me terribly .
tr	O	And they 're hoping you can help -- that you can find it within yourself to ... An air raid siren announces the end of the blackout .
tr	C	The rest of The frog remains in the dark and the memories of the chosen quickly get lost in the dust .
tr	C	The colonists being dispatched to the Red Planet , were assigned the long and grueling task of detecting the mountain into a greenhouse gas factory .
tr	C	Should I extract it or just confess ?
tr	C	The two VPs twitched a bit , clear puddles of their relief .
tr	O	After reading Jesus ' words about the sparrows and glancing out the window at the tree , she sent up a prayer .
tr	C	" We do not doubt your friendliness or your sincerity " said Mela .
tr	O	Jordan asked , mirroring Erin 's concern .
tr	C	Tattered rugs and a storm of lawyers .
tr	O	We 've logged about seven jumps apiece by the time we call it a day .
tr	C	" But I wouldn 't want to see what you might have to do to inherit it .
tr	O	Should she have gone skiing with him ?
tr	C	Still , it was how easily my mother 's lanes became likable that frightened me most , rendering me helpless to a newfound dread .
tr	C	She felt so exposed , naked in the dark , and she wrapped her arms around herself , instinctively trying to cover her perusal .
tr	C	The elf 's voice softens in and out with the pain .
tr	O	The three of them ate in deep shadows , listening for helicopters or other patrols .
tr	C	Surely there were ways of erasing someone inside a foreign country .
tr	C	I hope one of them can put the triad in his place .
tr	O	" Write books or are they published ? "
tr	O	" Once through the crack of doom , any weapon you wield will destroy the wraiths .
tr	C	I sat in one of the big chairs behind tons of cockroaches and buttons .
tr	O	Riva was right ; the clans never cooperated with each other .
tr	O	His thumb was stroking tiny caresses at the corner of her bottom lip , sending little shivers running down her back to the base of her spine .
tr	C	And between the lack of bleeding and the quick calculation on a feast , I 'd already shown them my abilities .
tr	C	He wanted her to see that her law was tailored because she lost her husband , who was not an immortal .
tr	C	He manufactured in university .
tr	C	During dinner we couldn 't wait to be absorbed in each other 's anticipated fees .
tr	C	A great abundance of hurried foot steps .
tr	O	You wanted to skip church and snuggle . "
tr	C	" The drugs don 't completely disregard my psychic abilities .
tr	O	At the lower end , lily pads and reeds concealed the out flow .
tr	O	He 's no longer holding my hand ; he 's holding my pinky but just barely .
tr	C	This third sighting is called , in technical language , the Holy Ghost or the ' spirit ' of God .
tr	O	" They 're beautiful , " I said , petting them one last time before standing up .
tr	O	He brings back memories of yesterday afternoon that cause tension to coil in my stomach , and I walk faster , looking determinedly past him .
tr	C	said Ian in merchandise , " is this some strange test ?
tr	C	He still burned incense , the metal helping him resist his several wounds .
tr	C	She 's gone as far as she can with the documentation we 've given her .
tr	C	when noxious smog was beyond redemption ?
tr	C	Many who negotiated for him soon regretted their decision .
tr	O	Even if it wasn 't up to scale with the movie 's monolith , it was still a bitch to lift .
tr	C	He could feel vomiting on his forehead .
tr	C	His knees ached , and his lower back threatened to lease .
tr	C	Pulled from her eardrums , Ashlyn whipped around .
tr	O	She keyed the device until she felt it reach its tension limit .
tr	O	" There were a lot of negatives in that sentence , ' don 't , doesn 't , isn 't . '
tr	O	If she 's not with Flynn , she could be hitchhiking her way across the country with some wild band of bikers .
tr	C	Yellow rubber gloves covered her hands ; she appeared to be the chimney .
tr	C	Samantha 's dog was the worst kind of rooster , he was discovering .
tr	C	In the middle of the vegetable garden are three bunny rabbits and a girl wearing a half-brother .
tr	O	" What cliche ? "
tr	O	I thought it was a mirage .
tr	C	Apparently she lives in Kent , close to the tarpaulin .
tr	C	' The borders are what mimic the dimensions .
tr	O	The fox licked his chops .
tr	O	You seemed to have sustained some bruises and minor cuts but the blood loss has ceased .
tr	C	I traced a finger up along his hairline .
tr	C	Claire watched the girl hurry out in response to a second , more urgent , parameters .
tr	C	It was in that respect and that respect only that Lamont was striving for a eulogy .
tr	O	When the foam hit the flames , they hissed and billowed upward .
tr	C	On top of the blossom were the boxes of clothing I had ordered in anticipation of my need for clothes more appropriate for a southern climate .
tr	O	They rushed to save the damsel in distress .
tr	C	The snipers took long minutes to sink in as I sat perched on the edge of my bed .
tr	C	They watch as the men run and monkeys chase .
tr	O	" I 've finished my chores , papa .
tr	O	" You were in the beach house and she , " she aims a finger at me , " Was possessed by the devil himself . "
tr	O	Her voice trembled , and in her mind he could feel the skittering of fear .
tr	O	Tristan tried to slash off the mesh but it was malleable and resilient .
tr	O	He once told me the restlessness faded after a few years and didn 't come back till it was too late .
tr	O	I think of the bathhouse and its cold waters .
tr	C	" They 're white dots that pussy into your skin .
tr	O	Water from a white washbasin dripped down the side of the small table and splattered against the matching pitcher overturned on the floor .
tr	O	Even though the thing knew she was inside , she had the sudden , irrational sense that she could escape detection .
tr	O	The watchmen are just helping them out . "
tr	O	" You getting adorably embarrassed when you fart in front of me ? "
tr	C	Emma - if you are reading this then that means you have solidified my wealth once again .
tr	O	And , Playing an awesome prank on L this afternoon .
tr	O	" When you touch me , I feel like my skin is on fire and only you can quench me . "
tr	C	" The French emperor has far more power than Queen Victoria , and the total amnesia in their parliament is five confused men .
tr	O	I figure I 'll need my wits about me so I 'm going light on the chasers , and lining my stomach with crisps .
tr	O	" The nasty she-wolf , the black one , and a new one . "
tr	C	With reluctance , he berated himself from her arms and legs , almost changing his mind when she grumbled in her sleep .
tr	C	But part of her spurred him .
tr	C	" Aren 't you bored of imploring me yet ? "
tr	C	Her decorating had more to do with the way the girl 's voice was adding to her pain than any other concerns she should have .
tr	C	After the first month of accuracy , Sarah and Aisling were always found together .
tr	O	Within moments all ramps except one were lifted .
tr	C	She wandered over to Elizabeth , took her empty hand , and escorted her to the pentagram .
tr	C	" And hardly a liar when it comes to the fumes of his sister . "
tr	O	By six a.m. the crawling had moved to his calves , slowing his walk to the storage closet .
tr	C	Such a joy it is to see antiquated notions in person . "
tr	C	In that moment , I felt a spark of sympathy , but I commissioned it before it could grow into a flame .
tr	O	It would explain seeking impossible information from a dead prophet .
tr	O	Both guys in the front seat munched on sandwiches .
tr	C	Both reports promised winds gusting to thirty knots and incidents up to five feet .
tr	O	" Your world may survive but your kind could be exterminated completely , " he adds .
tr	C	In her absence , Michael came to a marathon .
tr	O	Then he retired , sold his plunder , bought a house in Bath , and secured a pardon for all his past acts .
tr	C	He unraveled harsh working conditions and an overbearing , disrespectful managerial style that treated subordinates as slaves .
tr	O	Lucian 's black eyes snapped open , and he lay with his leaden body listening to the sounds of the insects and animals .
tr	O	I am a banker and I appreciate the theory on principal and interest as we are trained to keep an eye primarily on interest earned .
tr	O	The government has fully deployed their federal and military assets to respond to the attack or attacks .
tr	O	Next he ran the ice up along my ribs , then traced my sternum .
tr	C	I swung on the Nightcrawler , and it popped out of existence , activating a few steps to the left .
tr	O	One day in school , the kids that were bullying her decided to ambush her .
tr	O	Leave fightin ' that thing ta those of us ain 't got nothin ' ta live fir . "
tr	O	The best idea that came to me was to give a false interpretation of the word ' vacuum . '
tr	O	But most of them are just well-meaning but naive people , dupes taken in by the rhetoric and deceit of a handful at the top .
tr	C	She had found the record shortly after her father had married the strange , distant jogger who made jewellery .
tr	O	I decided to try a gambit of my own .
tr	C	" Yet , " she rambled , but I got the feeling she was just saying it to mess with me .
tr	C	Desmond kept an old hunting rifle close by out of sight , as people looked enviously at the gear and food they fetched .
tr	C	It would have been a tricky subject for him to raise with Forsyth , but he could have incorporated it given time .
tr	C	She opened a tall gliding door cabinet that revealed a row of formal suits of various colors and brooms .
tr	C	In fact , it was getting to be a rare occurrence , as were checks .
tr	O	He parried the question without answering it , and I couldn 't let that stand .
tr	O	A rainbow of images floods my head , probably snippets of old movies I 've seen , all sappy and romantic and utterly impossible .
tr	C	- following which , you will spy on them and report their findings directly to me . "
tr	C	It did that some mornings , but she 'd always managed to convert it back to life with a few well-placed whacks .
tr	O	From his vantage point , in the house across the street , he 'd listened over comms as his men were killed off one by one .
tr	O	Headlands on either side of the harbor entrance rose to the height of small mountains and fortifications were visible .
tr	O	Turning away from him I jumped back in the truck and spun off leaving tire tracts on his nice paved car lot .
tr	C	He didn 't slow down , just pulled back and thrust in again , quickly composing an intensely satisfying rhythm for both of them .
tr	O	I could not imagine her doing any gardening herself but perhaps , as she said , her role was to give advice .
tr	C	Who knew what devilish inferno they were brought to the world for ?
tr	C	" When you go to the clinic they 'll give you the humour you need for the school .
tr	O	" Twenty minutes tomorrow and you will lose all privileges for a week if you say one more bad word . "
tr	C	My scolding would have to wait until afternoon .
tr	C	" It " s twenty-nine minutes past five , Insert Name Here , " said the glade nervously .
tr	C	He looked away , presenting her with the awakening of his slashed profile .
tr	O	It proves over and over there 's nothing wrong with us , just the choices we make to flatter what we own . "
tr	C	He tapped his pencil while watching the spoons for the third time .
tr	C	She grasped at the sheets , spacing them .
tr	O	She reveled in the sensation of their nak * d bodies pressing against one another .
tr	C	They react to slouch , to blood , to movement .
tr	C	He knew that unleashing all mystics , good or evil , was nothing close to bold ... it was cowardice .
tr	C	The white candle and the goalie box appeared near it .
tr	O	You have been betrothed since she was fifteen and you took my virginity even though another girl 's been wearing your ring ! "
tr	C	" King Arthur is still having the flair " I asked .
tr	C	" Maybe I should grab a broom and sweep this handgun off a bit .
tr	O	He sank into a slipper chair and removed his heels .
tr	O	He transferred a little of two bottles in the darkness to a pair of dose sized vials .
tr	O	" Scott 's working at a sneaker shop , " Joanna said .
tr	O	Every few weeks , one of facility 's administrators brought over her pugs , often joined by a friend who had two of her own .
tr	O	And the people came to him from the farthest reaches of the settlements .
tr	C	He 'd alienated her medicine so many times .
tr	C	" Let the boy plummet .
tr	O	Marie had listened and been sympathetic to her tales of woe .
tr	O	The prayers are matched with the closest pregnant female fitting the description of the prayer requirements .
tr	O	Nora asked , not familiar with what factory work entailed .
tr	O	Production lines slowed , then came to a standstill , because the workers were no longer showing up .
tr	O	" Look , the furnace thing wasn 't deadly .
tr	C	He tossed the easel to his partner and they departed the sight of the crash .
tr	O	If someone was impersonating Mel , then what was she there for ?
tr	C	" I 've got the disappearances you 've all been waiting for .
tr	C	As he 'd just pointed out to Fiji , Bobo was a hassle , and he could handle himself .
tr	C	She considered seducing him .
tr	C	His hair was wet and slick , and he had never looked half-asleep .
tr	C	" You are still upset that I didn 't tell you all I knew about the hordes . "
tr	O	Alistair looked closer , cursing silently at the unmistakable " H " stitched in red thread .
tr	O	Reluctantly I unwrapped mine and stared at the first cheeseburger I 'd been allowed in months .
tr	C	I snag my mouth shut with a sigh , knowing I 'm not going to get any answers from these two .
tr	C	But he is not a great speaker and he is telling false truths to ingest his cause .
tr	C	he said as one ex-boyfriend passed him by .
tr	O	She felt her pocket , then her back , before a stick of refreshment was in her sights .
tr	C	That earned a brood of laughter .
tr	O	" They leave the barrows and wagons in courtyards and side streets , covered by a tarp against the rain . "
tr	C	The other turned his face , and then they were sucking face in a way that made me feel like a wreath for watching .
tr	O	" I don 't know , but it 's worth researching .
tr	C	" It is my mother you speak of , and she would not divulge such behavior .
tr	C	" Someone should have hacked off the bitch 's head centuries ago . "
tr	C	But the swirling motion of his thumbs felt so good on the sinews of her feet .
tr	O	While the bulk of the congregation fidgeted at these words , Isaac nodded along with the sermon like the old folks in the room .
tr	O	She murmurs my name to the sentry on duty , who nods and opens the door , announcing me .
tr	C	I have absolutely no idea what look she 's talking about , but I encircle my attention away from her .
tr	O	As the demon came scampering back towards us the static once again popped into life around Selena 's extended arm .
tr	C	Finally I turned to answer the summons of the impatient roofers who 'd been trying to get me to refill their beer commercials for several minutes .
tr	C	" I have my PhD in helmets . "
tr	O	The mute was employed but they saw Cousins being interviewed on the regional news .
tr	C	Money soothes a lot of problems . "
tr	C	Yeah , ok ... I will get to work on my ' loner ' right away . "
tr	C	When can we go to the innkeeper ? "
tr	C	It was true , seeing as I 'd likely be negotiating with magic later .
tr	C	Finally , Watney launches the file as an executable and it patches the Source software ! "
tr	C	Wanting something badly enough doesn 't really change anything , otherwise I 'd be a cityscape .
tr	C	The consequences being disastrous , he decided to save the cashier 's life if he could even though he wasn 't fond of the man .
tr	O	There 's a couple of motels there but he doesn 't think we 'd be there long , two to three days at the most .
tr	C	They had a rover until Nell got too old to need one , but I imagine it must have been a very lonely existence . "
tr	C	" Next time , I won 't miss , prosperity . "
tr	C	And Douglas 's favour is a sought after verse .
tr	O	We stay lounged in our seats until my phone buzzes .
tr	O	But if a man must live in the war camps of women , he can expect such things . "
tr	C	It didn 't take her long to realise she 'd hacked into someone 's office .
tr	O	My textbooks aren 't much better .
tr	O	" If Saldana hadn 't been with you , if he hadn 't known CPR ... " He trailed off , unable to articulate it .
tr	O	I really did just have a frog in it , but both them immediately turned to look at me .
tr	C	He went to my side and brought his knee up while quickly and sharply delivering a convert to my back , low down on my spine .
tr	C	The soft rustling of thousands of wings , shifting restlessly in the darkness of the newcomers .
tr	O	You flew in from Chicago the day before the accident with the crane , and flew back to Chicago two days later .
tr	C	He had loved and lost and so had she , but it was time for new Primes .
tr	O	But I knew that his business practices were less than ethical .
tr	O	Apparently , there are certain groups that wish to purge the world of evil .
tr	C	He was reading an inside page , and McBride could clearly read the gallows on the front page .
tr	O	It took Victoria two circular routes around it , moving closer each time , before she found a slender crack in the black earth .
tr	O	Hank slid off his horse slicker than a pat of butter on a wet window .
tr	O	The Captain was recently slain in Pennsylvania where he lived with his wife of six years .
tr	O	She felt like she was whirling , the vertigo making her grab for something solid .
tr	O	It was the labor of their hands that made the dirt spring forth the abundance that was so unashamedly displayed for even the most common of meals .
tr	C	My vision adjusted to the darkness , and I found myself staring at two rather large , muscled legs clad in white sandal bottoms .
tr	C	" I guess they were mostly considered to be not politically correct by the other hypothesis .
tr	C	She blames the satin of her dress then smiles .
tr	C	He confidently strolled into the bank and waited for an open livestock .
tr	C	The white building was a plain six-story square wooden structure surrounded by tall gray iron gates , which formed part of a larger outcry .
tr	C	She doubted if many winners at this price were this clean .
tr	O	He was just too powerful , as a diplomat , a tycoon and royalty .
tr	C	After the driver weaved her bags in the trunk , Clay reached for her , pulling her in close .
tr	O	She would have scowled back , but she guessed it would irritate him more if she smiled instead .
tr	O	" A full Gathering couldn 't mean anything less , " Patroclus said .
tr	O	Either way , the townsfolk could have no hope in their leadership , and so looked to the Mayor only for comfort in the yearly crisis .
tr	O	Across the summit , pained cries cut the air .
tr	O	The pouches , he thought , trying to find something to focus on besides the brutality .
tr	O	And he was staking his entire reputation on the deceptively simple story .
tr	O	" I am the Master of this House by concession of its former Master and my formal reinvestment . "
tr	C	So , angels fell like burnt stones , scattered across the world , dispatched to aimless wandering .
tr	O	She snidely smiles as her roommate bends so low , her new in-laws to be get a look at her Victoria 's Secret panties .
tr	O	He shrugged as he returned the decanter to the exact center of the table .
tr	O	He placed it on his desk and opened it in front of me exposing a multitude of neatly wrapped stacks of one hundred dollar bills .
tr	C	She shivered , then tugged him to her , hooking his erection against her hip .
tr	C	Beads of sweat were bursting from Tony 's skin , a pallid white zigzagging his face .
tr	O	She didn 't want to picture Michael skiing up and showering her in powder before smothering her in kisses .
tr	O	" You 're so obnoxious , " I said , grabbing his h * ps and bracing myself for hair extraction .
tr	C	Beth and Rob : her sister and brother-in-law , were busy packing groceries in the front door , as Kit rips the wooden crate from the trunk .
tr	O	I had never heard of anyone renting the space for a private picnic .
tr	O	I hung around the streets for almost fifteen minutes desperately hoping she would reappear .
tr	O	For us everything turns on preventing that junction .
tr	C	" exhaling it will make too much noise , " Clary argued , taking up her station on the other side of the huge container .
tr	O	Mill must have seen the preacher 's eyes appraise the boy 's condition .
tr	C	He mastered control slowly , watching her closely , his mind still in hers .
tr	O	In the meantime , she is perfectly safe until we complete our transaction . "
tr	O	You gon na jack up the prices on the drugs you sell ?
tr	C	It ran over the C-130 's screen and overspray covered the wall .
tr	C	Inside the boathouse , the retractable floor to the sea below the ship had been opened , listing available space .
tr	O	He walks to the gondola and leans over the edge into one of the storage areas .
tr	O	" The second habitat should be anchored on the sea floor by now .
tr	O	Adding sharper angles , refining and defining the shape I was trying to bring forth from the timber .
tr	C	I made her swear a hundred oaths not to imply anything to anyone ever on pain of death .
tr	C	Blatant distrust of any alone time .
tr	O	" Rise and shine , " she said .
tr	O	He damn near ripped his clothes off , finesse fading fast .
tr	C	I knew Sarah despised Valerie -- everyone knew -- but this barely concealed delight put her on a par with Bride of Chucky for canines .
tr	C	" Sort of ... yes ... when my time comes , I 'll do as the Reboots , and go south . "
tr	O	The words were pouring from my mouth , unchecked - the adrenalin was back and it was banishing the fear .
tr	O	I 'd like the state to waive the death penalty and accept a guilty plea with no chance of parole . "
tr	C	" Setting the door askew . "
tr	O	" I heard a rumour . "
tr	C	" Hot damn , we 're gon na have ourselves a turkey shoot , " he said , and pitied it by dancing around in a circle .
tr	O	Barton shook his head , grimacing as unwelcome memories came .
tr	O	Their egos were huge .
tr	O	" May I remind you those two flights each have landings -- fourteen foot ceilings , and all . "
tr	O	" I beg to differ , " he said as he lifted the silver cover off both plates and looked down curiously .
tr	O	It 's so hard to get any normal crops or animals to thrive out there .
tr	O	" He pawned a watch that Miss Cameron gave her husband . "
tr	O	' I think we shall leave him where he is , it 's a dummy , made to draw activity away from us . '
tr	C	Only a few stragglers are still pulling on pads and practice stunts .
tr	C	Terry so thoroughly avoided using his powers he 's discharged himself to a life of material mediocrity .
tr	O	Each division 's strengths must be matched with the weaknesses of others in order to make a whole corporation .
tr	O	She congratulated herself and Mr Bear for their ingenuity , and awaited further entertainment .
tr	C	The presence of that college football linebacker gave the Sheriff 's Office real dinosaur that time of year .
tr	C	He said his lines with incense , but they didn 't sound the way they did the other day .
tr	C	He hastened the bugs were for those on a budget and looked for a price .
tr	O	I looked at the familiar surroundings as I drove and I could almost smell the pollen in the air .
tr	C	" Saying your rat seemed unimportant next to finding where you 've stashed your daughter . "
tr	C	" Damn you , Girl " He shouted , climbing from the smoking cavity he called a truck .
tr	O	He reads the output for all eardrums .
tr	O	His arms flailed , then his skull hit the edge of a stucco planter with a sickening thud .
tr	O	I ignored the fact that Chase 's shoes were slipping on the asphalt and kicked him into a canter .
tr	C	" Cane is fine , " Louisa said , before he could go through his litany of liquid gases as well .
tr	O	Looked like the killer or kidnapper was heading south .
tr	O	He opened the kitchen cabinets and pawed through them , spilling the oatmeal , spilling a canister of salt , spilling the vinegar .
tr	C	Redundant NASA safety protocols or not , Tolland was surprised the administrator had been willing to risk four lives out here instead of two .
tr	O	A few gathered some of the juicy grapes from the orchard up the hill .
tr	C	His guides have probably sniffed out every clue in it .
tr	C	Perhaps now they understood that Altair would not use the Apple a second time and they leaped from walls and foreigners to join the pursuit .
tr	C	" Because you make decisions based on your own cleverness , your own reasons , without once thinking about what the other person may want .
tr	C	" Hide the cover . "
tr	O	Not since the War of Borders had he been in a battle of this magnitude .
tr	O	One Republic is playing over the stereo system as I set my warm-up pace to their song Counting Stars .
tr	O	Isaac and the others are scouting in New York . "
tr	O	A lock clicked in place , and red lasers formed bars , illuminating the small area with an eerie cerise glow .
tr	C	" I do prefer highway travel over the airlock , " Ruth said after a while .
tr	O	' For my brother 's sake I injure this spring flower , ' he whispered to himself .
tr	C	" I knew that establishment was being filmed ; only a fool wouldn 't expect those rooms were videoed .
tr	O	Soon the snow would be claimed by the city , darkened by the fumes , consumed by the waste .
tr	C	He shoved his copies into his backpack and put the nets into the file folder .
tr	C	He 'd be scolding today .
tr	O	This elicited a passionate torrent from Gino .
tr	C	" Do you want the words , or just the flaws ? "
tr	O	Dirt was smudged under his eyes , and across his cheeks and forehead where he 'd rubbed the palm of his hand .
tr	C	A nickel fell upon them , which they killed . "
tr	C	, " he whispered harshly as he consoled himself back to his knees and lightly touched the dragon symbol on her hip with trembling fingers .
tr	C	His tenor sang when he released it , and his arrow arched slightly as it flew over the trench .
tr	O	Servants peeled off our damp and dirty clothes , and dressed us in a fresh , light tunic , perfumed with the smell of peaches and cinnamon .
tr	O	I was afraid I had been intrusive but she said it hadn 't been firmed up . '
tr	C	Spies had dubbed America for innumerable years .
tr	C	Hank glared at him , uncovered the stirrup and made ready to speak -- The old man brushed him aside .
tr	C	They lay strewn around the concrete floor of the cartoon like discarded rag dolls , cotton and straw innards hanging from their torn bodies .
tr	C	One of the monks cried out in rough urgency .
tr	C	With my own divination , I don 't like to put any specific names on the medium through which the diplomacy works .
tr	C	I think the bandits must have thought they had me . "
tr	C	I take it you haven 't reconsidered handing over the railway ?
tr	O	" Yes sir , " one of the soldiers replied , nearly a dozen in total -- each seated in front of a workstation .
tr	C	You have broken no less than five sellers of old , and there are countless traditions that your reign has discarded . "
tr	O	" Fine , get down to the boiler and find out what 's wrong .
tr	O	We stood on the banks of a lake of f ire .
tr	O	Frank noticed the person in the scuba suit first and pulled on Maggie 's hand .
tr	C	Since I really don 't want to get in to my convoluted logic with my best friend , I fall back on reason and dedication .
tr	C	" I 'll do it , though , " Malik continued , " because my father asked me to and I will not discount him through disobedience .
tr	C	In one room , my eye caught a girl completely green from top to toe , dangling in a slumping position in the air .
tr	O	The absence of the sun seemed to bleed all the color from the world ; the grass was the same dull gray color as the hangars .
tr	O	" Damn , " Nathanial says , " it 's the telegraph . "
tr	O	Their small tantrums on the platform outside entertained those within until they slide out of view .
tr	C	He surely thought I was crazy as a veneer , but he had to come in now .
tr	C	An athlete that grabbed and turned Helen .
tr	C	Storm paused long enough to take a breath that sounded aggravated with patience on the exhale .
tr	O	The coffee machine whirred in the kitchen .
tr	O	Obviously , somebody who worried or cared was a foreign emotion , one she chose not to delve into just yet .
tr	C	When she stepped outside into the whistling wind and pissing rain , she told herself it was a perfect day for witches .
tr	C	Moonlight outlined the harsh planes of his face and glinted on his idol .
tr	O	You can inquire if they have an opening . "
tr	O	But he found it interesting that she did not spew the same hate at him that she had spewed at the demon .
tr	O	He bore the royal crest and on his right hand , he wore a ruby ring that signified his status as the king 's messenger .
tr	C	Then bodies began to sympathize .
tr	C	I said , bumping the table with my hip and making the loaf slop everywhere .
tr	C	I was vomiting on her desire to prove Missy wrong , but the fact was it was anyone 's game .
tr	C	Her tongue dampened her lips with a small , delicate gesture .
tr	C	" But others escaped and intermarried with the shackles of their new lands .
tr	O	Then she got her purse and shear - ling jacket and said , " I 'm ready . "
tr	C	Brady listened to the diaries , nodded as if in agreement but kept his thoughts to himself .
tr	O	Their little way of having their afternoon pint but being cute about it .
tr	O	A dark spot moved across his cheek and came to rest on his left cheekbone .
tr	O	As she positioned herself within the throngs of people her anxiety set in and she began to cry .
tr	O	She allows me to keep up the pretense that I am not eating , and I experience a brief burst of gratitude .
tr	C	Just as soon as Seth exhausted his other possibilities , as soon as he worked through his queue of waffles .
tr	C	No matter how many times she had snuck a peak at the fights in the booty , the vast winnings always took her breath away .
tr	O	It was to be the icon of the Easter Square Incident .
tr	C	" Yes , Siren , look at what your so-called superiors did to an innocent young girl . "
tr	C	Tory cursed until Geary handed her the trains .
tr	C	The dark whiskers on the princess 's skin were the wrong color : they were a mixture of blues and purple .
tr	C	The local pickpockets and monkeys did not possess the funds to pay the rent , even if she were to consider allowing them into her home .
tr	C	It also tagged the official end of The Vampire Revolution and the beginning of the Terms of Agreement between Immortal and Mortal .
tr	O	" Not that great , " said Holly leaning back in her chair and propping her feet on the table .
tr	O	Within moments her legs began to quiver and her breath to quicken .
tr	O	It 's a violation of Jamaican law to attempt to enter our country with a bogus passport , Mr. Coley .
tr	C	This was a very high powered meeting in terms of cheerfulness and they were strictly business .
tr	C	The modern Freemason movement as we know it expired in the 1700 's .
tr	O	He shook hands with Alex and trekked closer to the gazebo .
tr	O	Have your heavy cavalry ride in next making sure that they cut and dissect this English regiment . "
tr	O	She sniffs , expecting the men to join in her game .
tr	C	" We 're still waiting for an NRO satellite to search the optimist for the raiders ' ship . "
tr	O	The spiral ramp bottomed out in a circular passage the diameter of a traffic rotary .
tr	O	" Out the window once you 're going to gloat about it , " Connor replied , amusement coloring his voice .
tr	O	The tendril grew rapidly , its round nose seeking to break the thin barrier between them and the deadly pressure of the sea .
tr	O	She scrolls through her HUD to find the ship communication channel she needs .
tr	C	I would defuse this .
tr	C	Olivia thought about bolting toward the woman , but she had promised not to hurt her .
tr	C	His favorite was on the dosage , a portrait of Gema and Wendy taken quite recently .
tr	O	I exited the interstate in Springfield , Virginia and stopped at the first hotel I found .
tr	C	And to postpone the murder of my crew .
tr	O	" Wise enough to swipe your money and tell you gibberish .
tr	O	Riva continued to hammer on those two glowing lumps of iron until he 'd roughed out the shape of the blade and the hilt .
tr	O	They 'd flown before , of course , but they 'd been infants and didn 't remember .
tr	O	Biting back her anger , she rummaged through their stores for a canister of ale .
tr	O	He was able to slow their descent and speed , but the rollers just couldn 't generate a strong enough field to overcome the gravity .
tr	O	" We 're running low on meat , and we 've been surviving on salt tack for months now .
tr	C	" I don 't like him , but I 'm going to see if he 'll take me to the fake cannons . "
tr	O	I told you I 'll only ever be honest with you , and to me , vague is the same thing as dishonesty . "
tr	C	He stabs me from the evil vampire trying to kill me .
tr	O	There was no reason to avoid recklessness , no reason why I shouldn 't get to be stupid .
tr	C	" We should have melded to us , " Jo decided with a little sigh as she tore her empty bag away a moment later .
tr	O	In the meantime , work some of your computer magic and see what you can find in the ether .
tr	O	They were waving their arms , making big gestures , apparently indicating for me to come back into the airlock .
tr	C	She was an older woman , gray hair slicked into a long braid down her back .
tr	C	And only the bully would be left to repent .
tr	O	Said Dickie as he bowed in imitation of Mr Chandler .
tr	C	The world was full of lights and sounds and soft protestations to feel under his hands .
tr	C	" Or we drowned and are analyzing . "
tr	O	His muscles were tensing and his breathing was getting faster and heavier .
tr	C	" And when Anna Marie finds out things in the carnage from her job , have you ever heard her repeat them ? "
tr	C	The kiss went on and on , gaining urgency as she flaunted herself to him .
tr	C	When they had exchanged pleasantries , Hugh French said , " Richard called me .
tr	O	I trust your research , kiddo .
tr	O	There were no streetlights , so there was damn little to see and no landmarks she could describe to someone else .
tr	C	Moses Todd asks James while he 's toppling the rope .
tr	O	A week later , and Benjamin Roman called her on her cellphone .
tr	C	She shuddered a little bit and her thin mouth turned down with distaste when quitting the word " outside . "
tr	O	I think I saw some backpacks in the jumpsuit lockers . "
tr	C	I 've got to sell these fossils before I can pay them .
tr	O	Again , to his surprise , the animal responded with a soft growl before it sank to its haunches .
tr	O	At least , no more than a piece of meat is populated by maggots after a few days .
tr	C	Tonight , you stay in one of the labs .
tr	C	I convinced the QT directors we needed to continue the drug research , but I hid your membership in as much paperwork as I could .
tr	C	She takes one of the two Beretta and she chooses to pull the trigger , pointing the weapon at me .
tr	C	Among the first generation of colonists on the Mothership , or hive ship , some had implanted this idea in their intimidation .
tr	C	" Welcome , Lady , " quoted the other five women in unison .
tr	O	Any man would balk at that . "
tr	C	It 's my easel , remember ? "
tr	O	' Your latest cartoon is awesome .
tr	O	Never in her wildest imaginings would she have foreseen herself in that man 's arms .
tr	O	" I can inquire for you if you relax .
tr	C	Because of what I had seen the last two years , I knew mages were very real possibilities .
tr	C	Cassie stared at the stone , flat so that the lawnmower could pass over it without tutoring a blade .
tr	C	She wouldn 't have believed how naked she felt without that distribution of metal .
tr	O	I rose from the blanket that I was seated on and crossed to his side , perching in the sand next to him .
tr	C	" Oh , you 've met her applications ? "
tr	O	The rest of it was the make-believe of tiara and tulle twirling five-year-old girls .
tr	O	He hadn 't heard him approach , which wasn 't surprising considering he had a knack for sneaking up on people .
tr	C	Had she been able to locate Leo through her awakening ?
tr	O	She could almost understand how some might resent the government tracking down every spit and spittle so there was no place to hide .
tr	O	" I 'm gon na grab some grub and do some socializing .
tr	C	I reached for my sweat towel and began slashing at my forehead .
tr	C	I found a green field with a group of figures in religious habits , with contingencies .
tr	C	I just hoped I didn 't have to evolve into a fist throwing , claw your eyes out girl around this Maria .
tr	C	" Lord Rafe would understand perfectly , have no fear or worry that you commit any wildlife . "
tr	O	He was supposed to be happy and proud of being a banker , instead he was lurking in dejection and uncertainty .
tr	O	she said , grunting as her sword hit the metal .
tr	C	He fumbled in his elevation and produced a dog-eared piece of paper .
tr	O	Storm 's amazing , I think for the hundredth time , as the entire place claps and hoots .
tr	O	In by 6.30 pm , homework , one hour of telly and early to bed .
tr	C	" Do you think she might giggle if a tree happened to tickle her swimsuit ? "
tr	O	She is enamored of it .
tr	O	The thing was near enough to the true to deceive you for a moment and to go on teasing the mind after the deception had been unmasked .
tr	C	They stepped out from under the opener and exchanged a terrified glance .
tr	O	Build separate cabins ? "
tr	O	" Of your syndicate , " Jack said .
tr	C	She hated glass eggshells .
tr	O	" Popsicle man . "
tr	C	" He didn 't react to being spewed about the bag or if Mrs. Martin could have missed it .
tr	O	He leans his head over an inch and I feel his lips gently brush the skin just above my knee and tiny tremors burn inside my stomach .
tr	C	Even through the ups and e-mails though , they stuck together and their marriage became stronger .
tr	C	He rubbed his hands against her slimy gritty back skin and created controversy .
tr	O	I read about famous cons and the tricks they used .
tr	C	" Are you copying this ? "
tr	O	A film reel of desert playing over and over .
tr	C	If only Grace could stall for enough time to talk Clay into moving the dean 's remains before Madeline drew any more attention .
tr	C	When he sees me running toward him , his finger goes up to his mouth , advising me to be quiet .
tr	C	I picked up the pace , rounded a corner , and breathed a sigh of relief when the metal peacemaker of the garage came into view .
tr	C	Little whimpers and screams are coming from the pool .
tr	C	Her mother placed the preserves on a pantry shelf and let out a chilling standstill .
tr	O	While Jenna and Nicko spent hours outside skating and making ice slides around the Mott , Boy 412 stayed indoors .
tr	C	Between that and the power he hedged , I hoped there would never come a day when we were truly antagonists .
tr	O	If you can 't pierce my muscles , every time you touch me you 'll just get shocked .
tr	C	Tomorrow morning at nine , their battle of restlessness would begin .
tr	O	He let it sit for a moment to loosen the paste up .
tr	C	He said formally , unwrapping his head once in a sort of bow .
tr	C	My parents were very proud , especially when I was dispatched quite early .
tr	C	I tell him Johanna 's question about the timing of the flank attack , and Marcus 's response , and the argument that followed .
tr	C	" If I tell you what 's bothering me , will you rev up ? "
tr	O	A small flock of gray gulls hung motionless , gliding into the breeze .
tr	C	The temperature in the room yielded .
tr	O	" Got all my permits , " he said , and started scratching himself .
tr	O	Then I unleash my power .
tr	O	It would worsen as consciousness fully resumed , if his jailers caught onto the fact and decided they weren 't finished with their prisoner .
tr	O	For a moment , Nikolai couldn 't speak for the fear clogging up his throat .
tr	O	It seems a cauldron of ebony , sucking in the light .
tr	O	Long ago , he learned to fashion earplugs from strips of fabric , roll them up and push them into his ears .
tr	C	" Well , I see a couple of lost humans , probably bandits or puddles . "
tr	C	" I come in , and he slugs me .
tr	O	" Bleak , depressing and with a profound lack of interest in cutlery . "
tr	C	" Oh , that 's probably just buckling . "
tr	O	Quinn opened the door , stepped into the vestibule , opened the interior door , and walked into the restaurant .
tr	O	" Now can I ask you what you are doing in my carrot patch ? "
tr	O	Determined to just get him to rest Cody accepted the task without even considering the ramifications .
tr	O	Her aunts were just damn good at hiding her , but there was nothing to worry about .
tr	C	Blood pours down my finger into my palm .
tr	O	I wasn 't ready , the leech made sure of that .
tr	O	The metamorphosis happened in an instant .
tr	C	Why would the body shimmy and why was I glad of it ? "
tr	C	They reined in her obvious pain , and some of them even articulated their delight verbally .
tr	O	" The windows are rigged with an alarm , " I say .
tr	C	" It tends to me that if I agree to this merger , it 's not the first time you 've attempted this kind of thing .
tr	C	She swallowed back a shot of finance .
tr	C	We reached the landing and passed our allotment cards through the gate .
tr	C	He 'd been bustled into chasing after her , and she 'd done the goading out of her own frustration with him .
tr	C	Bob and Steve were sitting on their purloined spots on my sofa wearing stilettos with the expressions of complete indifference on their faces .
tr	C	He forgot he was in an unarmed reconnaissance machine , and when he thought he was styling his guns he actually set the cameras off on automatic .
tr	O	When I say the singular , can you guess what that means ? "
tr	C	I decided it was a good thing I was immune to such abominations , or the gods only knew how I 'd end up .
tr	C	Nicole 's body sways subtly toward the current and I grab for her , pulling her back toward me by her arm .
tr	C	Quickly scribbling all of the style 's ideals , Franz mutated this form into his own .
tr	C	She even showed it to him , as she made a pencil mark in the mantelpiece .
tr	C	" Said the flame to the fugitive . "
tr	C	" A penny for a crock of thread , penny for a needle .
tr	C	He hated sitting around and waiting to be refuted .
tr	C	Let 's figure out God first , then the laws of physics in the infirmary .
tr	C	He looked into her eyes and yielded very carefully .
tr	O	" However , there 's been an accident on the interstate where a school bus rolled over .
tr	O	Take the scores from his first two rides and be done with it .
tr	O	Her face heated as she recalled how many different ways he 'd demonstrated that .
tr	O	I move back , sitting on my behind , and watch him as he starts snipping off the dead leaves again .
tr	O	" Albert , maybe it is time to put an end to that stupid ban ? "
tr	C	Watching her from a few steps back , I was amazed at how different she looked from the sad narrative of last night .
tr	C	" Sorry , still tracing all the different cultures the money is making .
tr	C	She managed a stitch to soften any sting her words might cause .
tr	C	The singer screams into his microphone , mostly swear words , sticking his middle fingers up at the crowd and grumbling at them .
tr	C	Would his mind somehow coerce them so that he couldn 't love her anymore ?
tr	C	Jason tried to articulate his guilt by telling himself that Hope would end up happier in the long run , but that didn 't help him now .
tr	O	Ransom has cured me of believing that this is a purely morphological phenomenon , depending on the form of the word .
tr	C	Preparing the Keep for the wedding was no small diameter .
tr	O	Your nightly search might be merely a manifestation of the stress of what happened to you that day .
tr	C	He turned the colleges around , ran the blade into the other ditch , and headed back toward our house .
tr	C	" As we issue our answer to Thera , we include , covertly of course , the documentation we have . "
tr	C	I cling to the spares .
tr	O	It is poised above my artery .
tr	O	' We 're at the end of the wharf , father .
tr	O	It swept through them , carrying one off ; it drank his blood and threw the body at the foot of the sarcophagus .
tr	O	" I wonder what it would take to bribe you into making creme brulee for me , " he said playfully .
tr	C	For every second of time passing , the bladder was being slammed with forty-five bullets from three directions .
tr	O	Pulling out his dollar , he converted it to tokens , then put one in and listened to distinctive music .
tr	O	" A prophet is honored everywhere except in his own hometown , " Ted replied .
tr	C	And because it is no longer mine to offer , the rest of the auction is hereby authorized . "
tr	C	The cheerleaders won 't come . "
tr	C	His donkey continued through immigration and baggage collection where he wanted to carry everyone 's bags .
tr	C	You seem to take your land and titles without any recordings . "
tr	C	He didn 't answer , partly through vomiting and partly because he was evidently tiring .
tr	C	He had stumbled into the brotherhood blind on the last occasion .
tr	C	Who are the deities who are running this show anyway ? "
tr	C	I asked in awe , " Yes I do , Crystal , and Rose , both of them in which are farms themselves .
tr	C	" Thank you so much for covering for me , " she said buckling her spider lashes .
tr	O	Albert moved the decommissioned Paradise Winds , along with sketches of Teleport , into a barn in central Michigan .
tr	C	By now , visibility was less than ten feet , the temperature continuing to wane .
tr	O	He jerked his arm away from his brother , ignoring Gideon , Ashby and Xavier as he waded through the muck and mire .
tr	O	The seer had a bit of a smile on his face as he responded , " It is part of the legend but not usually told . "
tr	C	" Let 's mimic a truce .
tr	C	" You watch all those police informant .
tr	C	I came to believe that the bombing was right .
tr	C	She shushed them away and they scurried off .
tr	C	She trekked back into her chair .
tr	O	She leapt washouts and dips in the land .
tr	C	" All henchmen - " " Now ! "
tr	O	Had she really encouraged him to take mistresses as long as he didn 't bring them home with him ?
tr	C	She touched his chest , running her fingers along the shackles of his pectoral muscles , shivering inside at the sensuality of him .
tr	C	And I don 't believe the brain bleeds are caused by severe hallucinations .
tr	O	I felt a strange stirring of guilt , and a not so strange thrill of joy at his mention of celibacy .
tr	C	She took the loaded stick Dave offered and set the discount on fire , holding it up over her head like a torch .
tr	O	She went up to the shelves , pulled out a bunch of scrolls and put it on the table .
tr	C	I have been working with leaf and grass extracts to create a new shape-shifter of juice . "
tr	O	Instead of being dragged down by her independent lifestyle , Aunt Libby seemed to thrive on it .
tr	O	A horrible sense of despair and sadness gripped her body like a vise .
tr	C	And how come you are familiar with the infirmary ?
tr	C	We got in to the dim cave and immediately threw some flairs and sound judgments , I guess there are perks to being a government agent .
tr	O	Some of the apprentices jumped .
tr	O	The distant cacophony of his world filled the silence growing between us .
tr	O	I 'd had my blood already ; it was impossible for me to finish off a pint .
tr	C	I was in finance at Grayson 's .
tr	C	Zeus squinted and stared at his moustache .
tr	O	But he 'd changed so freaking much , she 'd thought maybe that annoying personality quirk had changed , too .
tr	O	His touch began to irritate and she stood , pulling away to stand by a window .
tr	C	If al these brand-new vampires were al owed loose on campus , there would be a counterattack .
tr	O	" I 'll get better by tomorrow , " the child said emphatically as his eyes started to droop .
tr	O	He keyed the radio .
tr	C	Although I felt bad that Bex had to adopt me once again , I was glad he was so close .
tr	C	She moved toward the tiny lavatory facility , wondering how she was going to find room even to turn around inside , let alone dispute .
tr	C	One of them requested backup on a wormhole .
tr	C	A cold wind shot over the property , shipped them both , then swept across the island .
tr	C	She 'd put her panties back on , Mike thought , realizing he 'd been hoping she 'd be keypad beneath the shirt .
tr	O	He sped through several neighborhoods , not paying attention , just riding .
tr	C	The police are great when there 's a Source or a murder .
tr	C	Hank stumbled from a tent around eight and knocked over cans and jugs until he found the flour biscuits .
tr	O	" I know you 're mad , but - " She held her finger to her lips , silencing him .
tr	C	The windows were rolled up and she thought she was going to wane .
tr	O	But then why smother her ?
tr	C	But it wasn 't until the menagerie of my 17th birthday that I truly realized he had my heart .
tr	C	She sat a safe distance from him , across the room in a wooden pulpit , and balanced her mug on her knee .
tr	C	There was such locales and relief in Tavis 's eyes that Graeme was taken aback . " '
tr	C	Tanya yelled , hooking a hammer she held .
tr	O	I 've roped them all in and they can 't get away ! "
tr	O	The wounds appeared to scab over .
tr	C	Hell , she 'd lived through those years with him , doing her best to protect him by taking the carton of the blame when she could .
tr	C	I took a deep breath , turned my back on her and in a calm voice called out " The Beast Lord begs the People . "
tr	O	" The time is bright and early , " Drew recited .
tr	O	She also had reason to sympathize with Martha and Sarah , if not Courtney , and she acted as if she did .
tr	C	" What businesses were you snooping ? "
tr	C	It was bad enough that the British SRR was using the kid as an orgy .
tr	C	" The captain put me in charge , and the clockmaker gave me full authority . "
tr	C	His father had once disciplined her father , and who won and who lost would never be clear .
tr	C	' Do you want me to unfurl myself ? '
tr	C	She might enjoy sleeping with him , but their marriage was a temporary measure to help her initiate a controlling interest in Brannigan 's .
tr	O	He specializes in spyware . "
tr	C	" They ain 't peanuts , " Amy whispered angrily , hoping that Rosy would not understand if she used English .
tr	O	He worked the jean shorts down my long legs before untying my bikini bottoms .
tr	C	Her crew had worked with her to retool her show practically every waking minute until opening night to incorporate her dance pop with her new acoustic melodies .
tr	O	They are mine , and if our marriage is nothing to you , then your role as their stepmother means nothing , either .
tr	C	She could see the dark flecks in his blue eyes , the tiny freckle on his smooth skin , and the defined shape of his lips .
tr	C	He starts violently punching at his keyboards and trying to turn profits with frustration .
tr	O	He loaded every boat he could find with every Cane he could find and sailed them across the full breadth of the sea to land here .
tr	C	We don 't need a dependence , " Jace said , winking at her .
tr	C	He reached out to Anon , his arms ending in pies from which his thick black blood poured .
tr	C	He suspected that was because she diverted - or hummed - to the moon with him .
tr	O	There was nothing for the deck hands to do and no reason to risk their lives on the pitching deck and above in the rigging .
tr	C	There 's plenty of fruits and devastation for food .
tr	C	" I , uh , OK , " I managed to gouge out .
tr	O	They were shepherds , after all , and shepherds won 't let anything go hungry .
tr	C	" Frazier , why in the world would those people come to the macho ?
tr	C	No doubt his skiff of late , plus the boy 's amazing resemblance to his sister , had caused a confused reaction inside him .
tr	O	We met at a DC fundraiser .
tr	O	" It 's a vibrator , " he said seriously while keeping his eyes right on me .
tr	C	" And I 'll send you some weirdo .
tr	C	Did they see that the Ox had to be able to uproot itself , too ?
tr	O	There was a flaw in their logic , of course , but by the time they found this out it was always too late .
tr	C	" Spend the crap out of her !
tr	C	He is witnessing something at me silently .
tr	C	His thumb and forefinger aroused the distended bladder .
tr	C	His hand was on his hip , his dirty hair fanning his face .
tr	C	Turning her over , he stroked her inner thighs and smiled at the painted murals .
tr	C	The trout will wake you and immediately begin to bathe you .
tr	O	I hope over time it learns to compensate , or she will think I 'm stupid , unable to process information from more than one source .
tr	O	Shira is supposed to take a last look at the cottages she was interested in .
tr	O	" It is also a day filled with omens and portents .
tr	C	Mind you , do not step out of line or that will all be researched in an instant . "
tr	O	She 's been on auditions for some big stuff on TV .
tr	O	Building and Planning files specifications on all public structures erected within city limits , and they administer certain building codes . "
tr	C	Josh leveraged the winners of the chair .
tr	O	Her daughter-in-law and her headaches .
tr	C	One essay needed to written in history on a whole troupe of World War II .
tr	O	Sitting up , she plumped her pillow a few times and then lay back down .
tr	C	She had not expected that all of the frenzy he had been feeling toward Mark would be recruited to her .
tr	C	" You , James , are the perfect example of one of the sciences I was referring to , " the Professor continued .
tr	C	Against that , the requirements had no water .
tr	O	My hyperventilating reaches its zenith .
tr	C	They were deemed so safe there was no impetus for protective gear .
tr	C	And then , in less than ten minutes , the jet was levelled out into the atmosphere , headlong into the sudden pervasive darkness of night .
tr	O	The males often accept and even pride themselves in donning the role of a provider , even when their essential nature has to be of nurturer .
tr	C	In fact , especially your mother , ey , sighting ? "
tr	C	Grade one would heal minor incidents , cuts , and wounds .
tr	O	I don 't need that kind of complication in my life . "
tr	C	Sighing , I held up my hand walked over to the table and dug through my purse , pulling out my acquiescence and my Mace .
tr	O	" Jesus , please help me to make the right decisions , " she prays .
tr	O	Jason assessed the shackles quickly ; they were nothing more than simple leather buckles , cinched tight .
tr	O	" Without the formality of a divorce it would take him a month to notice I was gone .
tr	C	Guests in jungles , tennis gear and even riding outfits streamed over the property in a never-ending flood of humanity .
tr	C	He used one to catch that rogue ram , you know , the one with the flaw in his ear . "
tr	O	Claire never broke rules , never pushed people , never had angry outbursts , and never hurt someone unless it was her very last choice .
tr	C	Laurel holding up her firstborn , loudly asking if they all thought it was big enough .
tr	C	From his coat he pulled a silvery radiance , one end sharpened to a lethal point .
tr	O	The military never expected their own technology could be used against them ... let alone be the target of an earthquake of this magnitude . "
tr	O	There is an odd undertone of fear in her voice , which piques my curiosity and concern .
tr	C	He set down his weapon and pack , petting his uniform jacket and folding it carefully on top of his other possessions .
tr	C	LHC was storing the depths of human capabilities , trying to reach the bottom .
tr	C	Elijah tries to share in the prod .
tr	C	She was still tense but watched as he speared into his account .
tr	C	They were not formed up , however , and we were and as we cut and braked and pushed , they fell to our blades and spears .
tr	O	She recalled wandering through the higher corridors , squinting at faded tapestries and dusty shields .
tr	C	He removed small vials from grenades on the woman 's belt .
tr	C	Adam , Paul , and Tony fielded a few more questions then the meeting was bestowed .
tr	C	He brought his credibility to his lips and drank .
tr	O	Brother Benedict was walking quietly praying and meditating on the Bible .
tr	C	" You cannot imagine the farms with which such things affect a culture .
tr	C	Allen , stop that jackass or put your head over the side , " Keynes said , somewhere behind his back .
tr	C	The revenue they 'd picked out was classic and elegant , double-breasted and black .
tr	C	Ken had been sweeping the driveway when a sleigh pulled into the driveway .
tr	C	We do not know why the Silex was created , but I can tell you its greatest resource is life documentary .
tr	O	She had no idea what she was afraid of , but the prevailing fear was absolute .
tr	O	Edward explained how he used to be schooled by Thomas ; at least he would like to keep up with the sword .
tr	C	Nobody would postpone it , but that didn 't matter .
tr	C	Jill had been right that skunk would get me farther than perfection .
tr	C	It 's one of Scott 's rungs . "
tr	O	" Bella , " he murmured , stoking my hair .
tr	C	I hoped some day he would at least get the picture back , even if it still bore faint traces of the rookie .
tr	O	Mitch borrowed a shrimp and peeled it .
tr	O	" Sorry , " he apologizes , getting to his feet .
tr	O	Her eyes probed him with quiet censure .
tr	O	His only hope was that the solicitor would be able to shed some light on the matter in the morning .
tr	O	She 'd been thrown into the deep end headfirst , but she was swimming .
tr	O	" The embassy did a thorough background check on me . "
tr	O	Police involvement equaled bureaucracy , and bureaucracy was never efficient .
tr	O	Once again , I was able to pull up , gaining altitude at the last second , climbing away from the destroyer .
tr	C	The whole Lyssa lost - in - the - woods had downed a few notches in theatre and was replaced by a party going on this weekend .
tr	O	" Wise of you , " said Ezio , pocketing the key .
tr	C	" I know you 're not going to sit there and deny you have business establishments of potential interest to me .
tr	O	She grabbed her stethoscope .
tr	O	It might have had some truly beautiful places in it , places that offered a green and welcoming tranquility .
tr	C	No monkeys - they 're morally opposed .
tr	O	Carter said , dryly , " And maybe the common sense of humanity will prevail on both sides .
tr	O	It was a technique already being investigated using chemicals , specifically propranolol as a beta-blocker to erase especially strong memories of trauma .
tr	O	As I lay there that first night , I tried to run through the highlights of our life .
tr	O	Every once in a while , and quite out of the ordinary , a religious fanatic would wave a sign of redemption .
tr	C	Even the harsh cords of this infinitely distracting man could not keep her from a kill .
tr	C	Everything went mad as the vehemence hit .
tr	C	Then he had heard a woman 's voice doesn , ' Oh my god !
tr	O	" Many , many thousands , missus . "
tr	O	There are two narrow panes of glass running vertically along the door and I lean forward and peer into the house .
tr	O	" I don 't have any leeches on my speed dial . "
tr	O	It would be quite a strategic outpost for our enemies to maintain , especially if we were unaware of it .
tr	C	The door opened , gripped by a man , sighting , balding and wearing a white T-shirt and navy work slacks .
tr	O	He followed , making his way past stacked kegs and timber .
tr	C	She wanted to deflect right in and take what he was so eager to give her , but nothing this good could be true .
tr	C	The bushes are nice , but they don 't have much of a getaway .
tr	O	The Abbess brushed her aside with a bluster of false impatience .
tr	C	Yet mortals had inflicted such horrors upon others ; barbarian hordes had scarred whole shelters , destroying everything in their path .
tr	O	The pain stabs at my heart , bleeds inside me , because if you 'd just let me , I 'd take all the pain away .
tr	C	" Do you really plan to carry all of that down the roadway ? "
tr	C	Luckily , his abilities had translated into a larger apartment , more food baskets , and a better clothing allowance .
tr	O	The newness of my nuptials will wear off quickly . "
tr	O	The little man was doing his namesake proud , hollering and grunting like a caveman .
tr	C	Eva Roberts said that it would be extremely helpful if she could find any dampness .
tr	O	He once again uttered that husky chuckle of his , renewing my irritation .
tr	C	Chris Van Horn , a lead scientist , wraps up the buggy and asks for questions .
tr	O	He was grilling me about how a girl who 'd lived in a beach town for three years could possibly not know how to swim .
tr	O	The guy was asking for two kills , his ex-girlfriend and her new boyfriend .
tr	O	He would bend me over into the scalding spray , and we would have sex like that .
tr	O	" While I was on the riverbank .
tr	C	But in this case the size beverage was minute .
tr	O	" I can 't believe you were going to call me a liar and take my place under the guillotine .
tr	C	He was still having a hard time grumbling the recent deaths of the two field agents in France .
tr	C	" From what I 've been able to decipher , Joan lived at 1022 Evergreen with her sister and worked in the ballgame . "
tr	O	The creature sank lower until it was a dark silhouette racing over the treetops of the Sacred Woods .
tr	O	I looked around , seeing the same paintings on the wal .
tr	O	Logan 's days are numbered .
tr	C	Old , elevated candles set on dark shafts lined the rounded circumference , while at the other end a crackling fire beckoned her over .
tr	C	As soon as the container was pulled away from the main body of the import , it was empty .
tr	O	I should have insisted that she open up the file that I emailed her to show her the changes had been made .
tr	O	He heard quiet , muffled female whimpers but he ignored them .
tr	O	" I like to be called Beauty .
tr	C	A mix of old and new with craggy coves , sandy beaches , and fertile beggars .
tr	O	But I did not fall quite into the gulf .
tr	C	The listener in the truck at the end of the street intersected the time of the call and picked up his mobile .
tr	C	I found some scores along the back wall .
tr	C	Like in our own little payback . "
tr	C	Yeah , he 'd made the first move , but she 'd scorned .
tr	C	Marika happily complied and dished out heaping bowls of warm porridge swimming with chunks of dried fruit and bounds of cinnamon and honey .
tr	O	battle with his captains , and while Crassus demonstrated the fruits of a lifetime of preparation to succeed his father 's title .
tr	O	Coming from a new time traveler , he would not have believed what he heard .
tr	O	They lead an army and have allied themselves as before to chaos . " '
tr	O	When I got home , she took me up to her father 's hayloft and did some fairly serious persuading .
tr	O	However , his obsession with the history of his Hun culture was only matched by his fiery insistence on always being proven right .
tr	C	" You mean you weren 't born follower ? "
tr	C	Who was this faculty , she thought .
tr	O	I loved those old books and their covers , the rum had cheered me up no end .
tr	C	" No matter what happens , though , unpacking things up with Zoe makes me feel like this mission is already a success . "
tr	O	As he crossed a narrow footbridge , he happened to look down and saw himself reflected in the quiet water as if in a mirror .
tr	C	It was Royal 's voice , from where he hovered above me with his mutt 's wings , that answered .
tr	O	Contents Chapter Thirty Three " Add another box .
tr	O	There , beaming up at her was Claire , her very own fairy godmother who had outfitted her so richly for her first date .
tr	C	The streetlight spilled out of the caves to meet the Bravado , leaving all the children and most of the women inside .
tr	O	" Miranda , you and Ty were a shocker , but you 're good together .
tr	O	But he had to solve one riddle at a time .
tr	C	Now that he was gone , she relayed what she had written by The Bean .
tr	O	A small amount of water sloshed around the bottom of the boat as they all made their way onboard .
tr	C	" Because I 'm more likely to lasso a caveman ! "
tr	O	" Put your goggles and your communicator on , Bloom . "
tr	O	The great panels were buckling .
tr	O	Both wore leather leggings and fringed leather tunics over woollen shirts in a similar brown colour .
tr	C	He was having trouble thinking , preceding sentences .
tr	O	His apartment was in one of those complexes with twenty buildings , all the same , that had sprung up along the interstate .
tr	C	, and I held my breath , lest he disappear through that crowbar again .
tr	C	We can 't go back ere , or we 'll hit a mountain .
tr	O	I don 't want to be a pest . "
tr	C	Look , I have had it and still do , but the tumors are withdrawing , and it 's all because of Joshua 's invention .
tr	C	His normal faery retreated , and instead he felt excitement .
tr	C	He 'll mess up the credenza and my life .
tr	O	Our first kiss explodes like mixing soda and pop rocks .
tr	O	I pounced on the hapless abuser .
tr	C	But a sudden stutter went through her .
tr	O	" I called for a steward .
tr	O	I probably made enough noise to waken a bear in hibernation , but no one threw me any dirty looks .
tr	C	His mind weaved a reluctant struggle against the babbling current .
tr	C	They could point to the electricity , but that ran regardless and was at best an unreliable slob .
tr	C	Lucas stands straight and tall and freaks out his chest .
tr	C	Evidently he hadn 't realized the expense involved in a young firefighter 's season .
tr	O	Her fisherman husband lay dead , clutching , protecting the dead body of their child .
tr	C	I see my mother lead in a group of mobile patients , still wearing their hospital privileges and robes .
tr	O	The quartermaster wasn 't much to look at .
tr	C	She owes her baby ... ?
tr	O	Ivy said , pursing her lips .
tr	O	There were flash floods , full of boulders .
tr	O	Great will be our glory when the guild of murderers lie smoking at our feet and the land is safe once more ! "
tr	O	" Bugger off , " I snapped .
tr	O	It was like you electrocuted me . "
tr	O	Suddenly taken by a deep sense of nostalgia , I left them there , and went on my way home .
tr	O	" I mean , why is everyone so brainwashed into believing that they have to be in a relationship with one other person ?
tr	O	" Easy enough , " he assures me .
tr	O	Sparks danced from it , and there were small puffs of smoke billowing out .
tr	O	He reckoned it would be a good thing for all concerned .
tr	C	She was looking forward to going for as spin in the Traveler , even if it was only for a few leagues .
tr	C	" I du n no , maybe the surety is backed up again ? "
tr	O	" He occupies an android 's body .
tr	O	Their hosts appeared unconcerned with this action of his .
tr	O	" Yeah , like a frog 's hair from being loco . "
tr	C	" You 're a good riddance , Ashley . "
tr	C	I opened my eyes and saw the woman retching onto the floor .
tr	C	Dee scooped off the musty spread and whipped a fresh one into a fluttering pelican over the bed .
tr	O	There was no room for poverty now , not with the cost of safe food being what it was .
tr	C	Immediately my head started to undress .
tr	C	I backtracked quickly up the lookout tree and scanned the area around us .
tr	O	Sal turned toward the kitchen behind him and shouted , " Two large pepperoni pies . "
tr	C	She splashed around with him and Megan , laughed while I sat there plucking .
tr	C	" The deceit . "
tr	O	Where is our embassy in Idris ? "
tr	C	I knew that Izzy was mad at me for going into Chicago stumped .
tr	O	It was titled , ' A different time , same results ' She took a seat , but was still puzzled .
tr	C	Presumably , you 've seen a quite a bit more of her , off the cupboards , is that right ? "
tr	C	She 'd dug up numerous paper weights and strung them along the porch .
tr	O	Nate got within striking range and jumped up , swiping at it .
tr	O	Of course , he reminded himself , his father 's slaves had all been heathen , for Mother Church did not condone a traffic in Christians .
tr	O	And they have infiltrated the palace on every level . "
tr	C	" I 'm pissing you .
tr	C	It was the school that my father is the dean of , and a dead relative I don 't know the name of , convicted .
tr	C	" Think you can eat chips with spices ? "
tr	C	She mounted me , teasing her wet seaweed over the length of my erection , sliding up it until she 'd pinned it flush with my stomach .
tr	C	and with one mighty blow from his sword , he cut the golden band , delving his brother with that same stroke .
tr	O	Thanks to her parents , she had inherited three characteristics that would help her into the Air Force : brains , height , and eyesight .
tr	C	" We 'll be investigating it as tribute and so will the insurance company .
tr	C	A figure leans against the wall beside me with an air of affected commerce .
tr	C	The man 's father , one of the pioneers of Florida 's citrus industry , had planted and nurtured almost 80 acres of adventurers .
tr	O	The captains relaxed , breathing heavily , though Anna 's heart continued to thump in her throat .
tr	O	Obviously the violent energy storming through him needed some outlet .
tr	C	She put her briefcase on the ground , opened it , produced a porn , took papers out , straightened , started reading .
tr	C	That I 'll jack my parents ' death .
tr	C	' First of all , you meet the girl , then you decides , ' Jyoti didi said disbelieving .
tr	C	" Or maybe just part of the general insubordination , " Audrey said grimly .
tr	O	I wheeled and met a third man , deflected his blow and swept my blade across his midriff , sending him to the dirt .
tr	C	In the current market there were always more farewells .
tr	O	One finger made a bolder foray .
tr	C	" We 've run out of taxis .
tr	C	He 's all correspondence .
tr	O	" Hey , let me know how Carly 's meeting with the publisher went . "
tr	C	What else could she speak of when any discussion of substance spewed on unstable territory ?
tr	O	Cole had rediscovered a peace within himself since meeting her and Jeff ; he 'd told her so that very afternoon .
tr	C	The guy , name of Rick Gerardo , had been counseled in a rape case two month previous to his death .
tr	O	I know you 're Christians but that 's all I know -- if I 've got that right .
tr	O	The knight upon the ramparts dipped his head .
tr	O	So the debt was paid and love , which had endured , filled a glade with flowers and light .
tr	C	A Regulator is vanquished .
tr	O	She gave you a piece of driftwood and an ordinary little kitchen knife and with no other tool than that you were able to make this . "
tr	O	I loved the way her mouth tasted , minty from the toothpaste , yet sweet at the same time .
tr	O	Pappy and my father were on the front porch , sipping coffee and watching the rain dwindle down .
tr	O	Have you said over him strange incantations ?
tr	C	I managed to get in landing position in diameter and then go limp as my legs , knees bent , slammed into the ground .
tr	C	The singsong voice froze Holly in her tracks .
tr	C	Or in it 's snug nest ?
tr	O	" Don 't you think it 's possible his subconscious is trying to adapt to the spell that 's controlling him ?
tr	C	How long do you think it will take to track down the merchandise or the button maker ? "
tr	C	He was a young man once more , looking polite and hesitant , like one of her fourth-grade students on the formality of a school dance .
tr	C	Surely no father has ever had to suffer such finesse at the hands of his own daughter . "
tr	C	" Right you are , " said the disco , and he pulled out into the traffic .
tr	C	It wasn 't the abundance he had feared ; there seemed to be more smoke than fire .
tr	O	" Thom has a ticket that was awarded to him because of his betrayal of you .
tr	C	About fifty yards of swimming , they both scrambled on to the musk , and shuffled off in their wringing wet clothes .
tr	O	" I overreacted . "
tr	C	The energy in the room shifted from happy to bracket .
tr	O	He was a loner , immersed in his work , something secretive for the British government .
tr	C	The birds were tiring .
tr	O	Coffee and sweet pastries or soup ?
tr	C	This giant man from the king could force his way upon us , if that pleased the royal precedence .
tr	C	Franco wasn 't much of a cad .
tr	O	Mira emphasized her next words .
tr	C	I 'm your vocabulary .
tr	C	During the earliest stage of their religious life , the Aryans may have recited simple wills of praise for the divinities they felt dwelt around them .
tr	O	Don 't be a wuss .
tr	O	" How does the defendant respond ? '
tr	O	He risked his life by descending a rock wall that no climber should be climbing down without safety equipment just to get to me .
tr	O	When I get to the top , she 's standing in front of the small side window , an awed smile brightening her injured face .
tr	O	Over that loam were towering evergreens and birches , all now showing the effects of the drought .
tr	O	And oh , the smell of sunshine he emitted , a smell her body had begun to associate with pleasure .
tr	O	Keeping an arm around my waist and tucking me close to his body , he turned us toward Apollo and we waded back to the sand .
tr	O	But , no , if the accounts of the massacre are accurate , no one survived .
tr	O	Cole squeezes my hand and we are quiet for a while , but there is solidarity to our silence , making it lighter , restful .
tr	O	he asked and stole another piece of cucumber .
tr	O	I thought the half-breed was a fool , pining for the unattainable Ice prince , but it seems I was wrong .
tr	C	Spencer chanted her legs nervously .
tr	O	The buildings were taller here ; they leaned together overhead so that no sunlight touched the pavement the thrashing red flags on either side nearly met .
tr	O	The idiot had been blubbering when Case left him in the infirmary ... with those two doctors who were bleeding messes , courtesy of the vampire Shane .
tr	O	If it launches on time , our payload will get to Mars on Sol 624 , six weeks after Watney 's expected to run out of food .
tr	C	I have a box at two of the octopus , if you 'd like to see a play ... and wouldn 't mind some company . "
tr	O	" Let me show you to our exhibits , " she smiled and gestured towards the hallway that lead back into the public area .
tr	C	' Apparently it 's a real resolution . '
tr	O	He cursed his cowardice and went to stand beside the cactus .
tr	C	The washcloth in Reed 's voice was undeniable .
tr	C	And we 're going to request the lake be checked no matter what they find in the tomahawk . "
tr	C	He found no damsel in his car , but would there be one if the hard bumper hit a soft target ?
tr	C	Tallis must have decided it was time to lengthen his leadership .
tr	O	It was then she caught a glimpse of the fallen barbarian .
tr	C	Dylan Stanwyck couldn 't quite believe what he saw when he retracted into the online dating site .
tr	C	" killings don 't exist . "
tr	C	Shadows from star shells danced about , and the odd light of the exploding shells gave the joys a surreal look .
tr	C	Instead of the desired effect , it seemed to boast and the supernatural activity increased .
tr	O	The adults grabbed the bubbling refreshment , while the children and pregnant women took sparkling cider .
tr	O	What poor soul 's shop did you rob for your blue trinkets ? "
tr	C	The mirror in hand , she closed her eyes and took a convulsing breath deep into her lungs .
tr	C	Of course , any Lycan snarl was full of menace but this was a very aggravated sort of malevolence .
tr	O	She bustled past her and everyone else , no longer caring about formalities .
tr	C	I run the bags to the entry and place them on the floor in an effort to bolt back and gather the rolling apples , and fishes .
tr	C	Some dropped trash into waste baskets .
tr	C	They were blue and had restrictions on them .
tr	C	Henry was supposed to be mine by now , but Ava couldn 't be bothered to fulfill her promise when he was here rescuing that voodoo . "
tr	O	There would be time to grieve for Ole ' Betsy later ... right now , we needed to escape .
tr	C	Those in good eyeball with the Creator of Life get to choose their existence .
tr	O	He can 't have a lot of horsemen , for he got most of his soldiers at Wana , I think .
tr	C	Isn 't your brother like the best invention ever ?
tr	O	I haven 't charted any tracks south of Virginia .
tr	C	" You 're still acting weird , Evie , " Bishop whispered , worry masking the joy in his eyes .
tr	O	" Penrod is a nobleman , too , " Ham said .
tr	O	Still , it did have its rewards .
tr	C	Hannah obliged not wanting to get caught in any racket .
tr	O	He and his cronies did not engage in business conversations in my presence .
tr	O	He 's powerful enough to cause natural disasters that kill millions , but Africa isn 't close enough to Greece to be a problem . "
tr	O	I didn 't die , and they were probably exaggerating .
tr	C	Twisting his body to the side , Link narrowly avoids one of the statistics while shooting down the other .
tr	C	At least with the rumours I can prepare for the impending meltdown .
tr	O	He laid his pinkie over mine and shook once .
tr	O	The first of the English settlers named them Drifters , and the moniker stuck .
tr	C	" For example , I couldn 't possibly do this in a waterway . "
tr	O	She was an innocent , not someone meant for his special brand of punishment , but she was also caught in the crossfire of a greater good .
tr	C	It was an indescribable distillation of humour .
tr	O	While AI couldn 't protect him from long-range sniper fire or explosions , almost anything requiring human volition within scanner range could be detected and prevented .
tr	C	" Tales of it suck .
tr	C	If she pitied any further back , and spread her knees any further , the whole city would get a look at her own furry palladium .
tr	O	The squirrel , or whatever it was , did not come tumbling to the ground , but the ruckus in the treetops ceased .
tr	O	Jared left me alone , and I ambled to the bed .
tr	C	Hopefully you can come and visit again soon , " Melanie retracted them .
tr	C	After crossing to the opposite counter , he fixes his coffee .
tr	O	She watched Gage perform and each night she was treated to the brooding masterpiece that was his music .
tr	O	At his challenge , the beast turned a gaze on him so soulless that there appeared to be no eyes in the black sockets .
tr	O	Antonietta tasted of honey and spice .
tr	C	Laughing , Brooke says , " We only ate there on antibiotics . "
tr	O	He extricated himself and after a bit of banging , Lin opened her bedroom door .
tr	O	I had a feeling we were going to need as many as we could salvage .
tr	O	She didn 't have a dishwasher and she didn 't feel like cleaning the dishes right now .
tr	C	I mean , she acts like the ding of all feminism in our classes - all she 's missing is the cape and mask .
tr	O	I can disguise us to look like natives . "
tr	C	" Humans have been trying to kill each other since their trickery .
tr	C	Rather than make her angry , she flicks on a sob .
tr	O	He pointed a thumb at the cashier .
tr	O	And here in the cabin of the airship that he designed , April is sitting very close to him .
tr	C	' By dawn , there 's not much left to be instructing .
tr	O	He 'd gone to the Dragon school of warfare , I decided , as he came after me as fast as he could .
tr	O	That was when she saw her mom 's swimsuit up close .
tr	O	Like a match thrown to gasoline , her body sparked alive .
tr	C	No antidote inside the vehicle .
tr	O	It was the lying and deceit that made Charles a high risk .
tr	O	But the city shelters that provided a place for the homeless would be the first places the hunters would look for her .
tr	O	Slowly , he kisses my skin , before parting his lips and nipping my neck , sucking , tasting , driving my body mad .
tr	O	I 've been running operations for the Resistance long enough to know when one is being run right under my nose .
tr	O	" A bonus man is a mechanic ? "
tr	O	She rubbed her hand over his set jaw where a muscle ticked , giving away his underlying mood of suppressed fury .
tr	C	" If I 'm on top then I can control how deep I go , " he whispers just before he nudges my ear .
tr	C	After all that time , my crowning achievement was a rather mediocre canteen of Swan Lake .
tr	O	Charlotte came just like that , convulsing around him , his chest to her back , his Sylvia Day - Bad Boys Ahoy !
tr	O	Sounds of a scuffle woke me .
tr	O	There are lots of other stories , haunting and horrible , where God 's people found their soulmate only to discover that they couldn 't be together .
tr	O	" Affirmative , " one of the attendants said from its block head .
tr	C	" Yeah " I ken .
tr	C	And the third , poor thing , he barely got through the ceremony , shaking and quivering like a porn .
tr	O	I resigned , and later I turned in a report to the FDA with all this documentation . "
tr	O	" Perhaps I 'd better bring in some firewood , " he said .
tr	O	He leaned against the nearest bookcase and toppled it with little effort .
tr	C	It did , however , offer a seemingly unlimited supply of boarders to be heaved at us .
tr	O	Human conflict is widespread and decreasing as disease spreads .
tr	C	My surroundings froze and sprinkled around me as a picture of SFC Pritchard flashed onto the screen .
tr	O	His voice thunders past me , swift as a bullet .
tr	C	The prior owner essentially thought he was abusing it on some stupid Yankee who didn 't know what he was getting .
tr	O	The two of them had finished Marty 's coke and eight bottles of beer .
tr	C	Tartarus was used as a prison for the worst of contractors , including Cronus and the other Titans who were thrown in by Zeus .
tr	C	He let out a loud sigh , but she thought he was about to answer , when below them , a nicotine began .
tr	C	He was the pragmatist and I the harp .
tr	C	Margie opened outwards and put dishes away .
tr	C	The limitation was dark , almost black .
tr	O	She 'd spent her childhood sleeping in nooks , lairs , or alleys .
tr	C	Scientists say that the game fish population is grumbling underneath the layer of dead carp .
tr	C	She tapped keys and holographic visuals .
tr	C	With a waved arm , he ensures that I should step towards one of the doors towards the back of the room .
tr	C	" Not my style , you guys know that , " Evy replied , returning to the operas .
tr	O	I looked at it for a moment , debating whether I 'd be jailed for tampering with the mail .
tr	O	He thought he could hear music , faint and thin through the downpour .
tr	C	May I return to my harmless query ? "
tr	C	The jumper on his hand now glowed largely on the ground .
tr	O	Occasionally a mind turns up so brilliant it can bridge the gaps required , and in the process lay the foundations for the next generation 's thoughts .
tr	C	My heart sank as I searched the distribution , Starbucks , and the rest of the pier .
tr	C	" Oh , Chica , inhabit so good to see you ! "
tr	C	That allowed Saber to pronounce her body rhythm with Patsy 's .
tr	C	When I was six she wanted me to be a booking and I wanted to be a football player .
tr	C	What would you think about the roof of my house with half a dozen variations on it ? "
tr	O	At least that would spare anyone unfortunate enough to find themselves within earshot of one of their musical performances .
tr	C	I didn 't feel like company and even less like yapping about Sean , which was the only way Sylvie knew how to get over a breakup .
tr	C	Despite the fact that he couldn 't know about it , she felt as if she 'd skirted him in some way .
tr	C	There were too many fail-safe signals for real Days .
tr	O	" Some sort of convulsion -- a seizure , maybe ?
tr	C	He stared down at me like a stern state championship , eyes inscrutable behind his sunglasses .
tr	C	As much as Conner tried , everyone watched Ty and Miranda who were so in tandem you would think they rehearsed .
tr	C	Her breath is mosaic , like mine .
tr	O	That telegram to my uncle was beginning to look like a sure thing .
tr	C	' Good job we 're out of it , dearie . '
tr	C	He suggested that the ship was smuggling drugs into San Francisco Bay each week , and this was why she left her resolution so frequently .
tr	C	There 's a gentle flow of air coming out of the booty as the suit constantly replaces the missing air .
tr	C	The technical details remained a little fuzzy to him , but no matter , he had created an aggressive market for this white haired mermaid .
tr	O	The contractions are getting stronger . "
tr	O	" This is the training arena for Guardians that graduate from recruit training .
tr	C	" That this jet isn 't yours doesn 't elude you .
tr	O	I heard horseshoes on cobblestones and a cab clattered away .
tr	C	The girl inventor grinned again .
tr	O	" I always make good on my bets , " she said , sounding more confident than she felt .
tr	C	She was in her mid to late fifties , very nice features but a blank stare .
tr	C	As the Vivaldi work faded into a quiet whoosh , our own pace slowed .
tr	C	I practically cursed under my breath when I shoveled another look his way to find him in utter oblivion .
tr	O	By the time she finally continued , I 'd almost convinced myself that I 'd misheard her .
tr	C	' Where 's her specialty ?
tr	C	If it had been , he would have had an unpleasant conversation with the girl at the lake , since the dudes were the Elementals ' steeds .
tr	C	they all cackled as if they had does this routine before .
tr	C	She was sitting in the kitchen , watching Oprah on a very small canteen television .
tr	O	Did they ask anything else when they wanted to find out if you were oriented ?
tr	C	There were new restrictions to buy for the kitchen , patio furniture to scope out .
tr	O	Eventually Genevieve appeared with the small waves of human adventurers and prospectors , looking for ways to profit or for answers about the strangeness .
tr	C	She hurried down the long hallway , pulling up short as she reached the edge of the peephole .
tr	O	The darkness is suffocating , as is the heat that increases with every step that takes us further and further underground .
tr	C	" You are interfering in our business Aquarius and that will not be charmed .
tr	C	Dinosaurs they hadn 't seen , sentries that might just fancy Terri with a side salad .
tr	O	The two captives looked out between the slats of the cage and saw that the courtyard was vacant except for the guards posted nearby .
tr	C	We already did that , and I 'm not looking for a repeat of the farmer extermination .
tr	C	Yet , for all her musings , she was a council member just as he was .
tr	C	Running a gauntlet of illicit pursuits would be better than riding in an elevator with Donaldson and his client .
tr	C	The only things Mab had ever generously sloshed out had been pain , misery , and suffering , courtesy of her Fire magic .
tr	C	I was in such a good mood the cramps almost wrote themselves .
tr	C	I feel very strongly that every lesson should be one that acknowledges the children for the real world .
tr	C	Joelle is looking down at the sandals , her mother 's pretty sandals with the perspiration beads .
tr	C	" Tim , " she says , amusement and deceit in her voice .
tr	C	This is what plots are meant to be .
tr	O	But he 'd never given a demonstration of software in his life .
tr	C	Her fingers were shaking and her body was both jostling for his touch and at the same time , telling her to run away .
tr	O	Another store provided a nice selection of sweaters and tops that showed more décolletage than she felt comfortable showing .
tr	C	He shrugged sheepishly , as if they were still dinosaurs together , " that is all I may convey at the moment . "
tr	C	' I was mad at you , ' she Pushed .
tr	C	The natural shaft was much deeper and the main wiring for the Neolithic age was right on the bottom .
tr	O	I think of staying with him , helping carry him to the morgue , but give up on it .
tr	C	A banana split the height of an office building threw long shadows as chocolate syrup and caramel seeped down creamy fillings .
tr	C	She forgot about husbands chopping up furniture in the house and basking their wives .
tr	O	Holder pauses right along with me now , both of us knowing the ramifications of ignoring the directions of a cop .
tr	O	He was maneuvering into his assigned parking space when the call came in .
tr	C	The path had narrowed and climbed before opening northward to dissipate the forest below .
tr	O	" Gunslinger rounds use a special powder , highly illegal unless you 're a marshal .
tr	C	The accommodation is cooked perfectly , soft noodles , not too sweet .
tr	O	He replaced the art back on the walls and then found the vacuum to clear away the splinters left from the destruction of his father 's desk .
tr	O	He bent forward and puckered his lips .
tr	C	She had somehow wedged herself halfway into a hidden hatch near the top of the bombing and contorted into a configuration that human anatomy had never intended .
tr	C	I asked , pitching and trying to shove him off me .
tr	C	Uriel , you incapacitated me ... big time .
tr	C	I 'll run in and grab some leeway . "
tr	O	Trevor 's guard flew up , but he was curious to hear what his dad wanted to disclose .
tr	O	" Men still have their tempers .
tr	C	They could see that , contrary to Elaine 's matchmaking , he had hurt children .
tr	O	Had we been guys , I might have socked her in the arm .
tr	C	I forgive you your successor .
tr	C	After a few drinks , he liked to reminisce about his glory days as a crusade for the LSU Tigers .
tr	O	" What exactly is a human golem ? "
tr	C	" David Manning , " Ann skewered several times to herself .
tr	C	The purpose of the research center was to develop new technology to observe Earth from space , as well as reincarnation of the abovementioned technology in life .
tr	C	" That 's the attitude , " he said , but he sensed it was more of a designation than anything else .
tr	C	Nothing had surmised it .
tr	O	The noose that had throttled her for most of her life had finally released its grip .
tr	C	It was green with the title and pommel gilded in bright gold .
tr	C	All his preparations had been inflicted on a much slower , less intelligent being .
tr	C	James placed the three-inch tall fuzz between them .
tr	C	Orrick closed the place a few years before she died and retired with a nice chitchat .
tr	O	Not to get involved in a case where a young girl might have become an unwilling stripper for a vampire .
tr	C	I switched off my light , doubled back , and raced into the rows of varieties .
tr	C	After putting the secret cell back where I was hiding it , I put the car in drive and went back to the streetlight .
tr	C	" I 'll send you buggers . "
tr	O	I rise and creep carefully between the sleeping forms of my family , down the first rungs of the ladder .
tr	C	Whipping her rag back out , she dragged it across the polished granite parapet and focused on her anger toward her father .
tr	C	" We need to do our human testing , don 't want to have any more deliveries by waiting for vaccination of a test subject .
tr	O	He had misjudged her just as she had misjudged him .
tr	O	There will be a lot of people on those lists , and the primary objective is to get any information we can on this Choate .
tr	C	Much better , than the endless trials and receivers that left those who had been wronged , waiting and waiting , for their day in court .
tr	O	" You know , I could have you flogged for insubordination and being a right prat . "
tr	C	Death hadn 't excluded me ; it had killed every ounce of light and happiness .
tr	O	I watched her focus , watched her face change , darken as she listened to the words in their minds .
tr	C	Coming here with a former zombie lord who has the power to kill me ... Most zombie lords wouldn 't take such guidelines lightly . "
tr	C	" But when you win , I get to pick which politician I 'm helping you with .
tr	O	No adjustments were needed for wind as the air was still .
tr	O	The life I was living was ridiculous , like one big sitcom .
tr	O	As soon as the plane was in the air , Alice closed her eyes and slid back into the same stupor as before .
tr	O	She was in Florida now , rebuilding her life and her nerves .
tr	O	What he found instead was a brutal culture seeded heavily with corruption .
tr	C	Lorraine hurried her past them , out of hearing of their groans as their salty sweat stung deep tremors .
tr	O	The town was large , spread out , and set up to facilitate repairs for many different ships .
tr	O	The beetles told us the Hunter was coming , and by then it was too late to leave .
tr	C	Her ways generated twinges of peace and quiet inside him , which in all honesty he hoped would last a while .
tr	C	I made him pancakes and distrust for breakfast .
tr	C	There should not have been a donor for an intruder to scramble through .
tr	O	She hadn 't realized that being with someone less perfect , who accepted her and her flaws , would provide more satisfaction in the long run .
tr	C	" It is my honor to serve the dials of this court , " he said , in a voice that almost held tears .
tr	O	he murmured , his voice gruff with emotions he wasn 't expressing but they certainly suggested more than a passing lust for her .
tr	O	Moreover , she didn 't know how strong Jonas could perceive their smell .
tr	O	She fastens her other hand securely on my wrist and moves so that she 's behind me .
tr	O	That 's what life 's all about , isn 't it , luv ? "
tr	C	The sky cracks in seizures of lighting that devastation the night unapologetically .
tr	O	Supposedly , there were a small number of supernaturals who were genetically different from the rest . "
tr	C	It 's no excuse but he said he just didn 't think being with a grudge was really cheating . "
tr	O	I wanted to visit with you first , and the lab results were obtained after you had already left your home .
tr	C	As they climbed the steps , the smell grew stronger and stronger , swiveling toward them in waves .
tr	O	And of course , the love of my life , my vampire soulmate , who had taken my blood as his own .
tr	C	You have someone fueling the chicks ? "
tr	O	We need to divert its attention .
tr	C	As soon as Don took off for his weekly errand run , the office shrunk in the kitchen .
tr	C	" That 's get-together for you . "
tr	C	With a chore he heard the plane move away behind him .
tr	O	Leo immediately opened it to alleviate the musky air .
tr	O	Sulley had turned on the gas burners on the stove .
tr	C	Johnny smiled before composing himself in the audience ready to listen .
tr	C	Right now , she 'd rather Nikolai still thought of her as a hotheaded woman dead set on withdrawing his sexual advances .
tr	C	What could he do but covet ?
tr	O	Species have the ability to adapt over time to counter new threats .
tr	C	The visitors were caught in a moment of hamburger before they were suddenly left floating freely in the vacuum of space .
tr	O	There 's some sod beneath the wrappings next to fireplace that you can use for fuel .
tr	C	He focuses his fingers from my sex , and my muscles tighten in protest , my body wanting to draw him back in .
tr	O	" Oh , you 'll have to take all the trains and buses that the laypeople use by yourself .
tr	C	" Beating myself down to you for the rest of my life was not necessary . "
tr	C	The queen had dispatched us her room for the night .
tr	O	Her body , however , staged a highly unsettling rebellion against that edict when she had to dance with him .
tr	C	I can ignite extreme cynic .
tr	O	Parts of the room appeared to be squared up with drywall , but other parts had been carved out of rock .
tr	O	" Maybe not , but it 's got a very high degree of accuracy .
tr	O	We all have to make sacrifices , I guess . "
tr	C	That little voice that is in tune to the first breath of the shackles .
tr	C	I ... " She glances toward Andrew and increases .
tr	O	Wow , imagine that , popularity .
tr	O	Now his captors would interrogate him .
tr	O	Kane smiled , removing his hand from the urn .
tr	O	R.V. had been a proud , earnest , dedicated man when I first met him , fighting to save the world from pollution .
tr	C	He scrutinized his checklist one more time as he waited for each engine to warm up .
tr	O	Jenny was desperate to change her life and the soap was supposed to purify her .
tr	C	My shoes peeped through puddle after puddle .
tr	O	I wanted to puke .
tr	C	Then she retained the back of her top , exposing a portion of her breasts .
tr	O	They pulled up to a stoplight , traffic heavy despite it being early on a Sunday .
tr	C	Spread out around me , Michael , Lia , and Sloane were focused on their respective pleasures .
tr	C	Secret recipes and areas that she couldn 't access no matter how hard she tried .
tr	O	And then you stand there like a pompous jackass and presume to call my ethics into question .
tr	O	" Outside - now " Dragging me out into the hallway , grasping my arms tightly , he practically spits in my face .
tr	C	The luminescence provided Lily with the perfect opportunity for conversation .
tr	O	' That 's a rat , ' said the Duck Man .
tr	C	You smell of animals , of firewood , of menstruation .
tr	O	The High King would prefer this to be handled with civility .
tr	C	" I came here often during the confinement of Leningrad , " Rasputin said , resting his hands on the wooden edge of the tabernacle .
tr	O	We brought her here , drove the toxins from her body and gave her refuge .
tr	O	" At least we can resurrect Flynn , " Joanna said hopefully .
tr	C	She scans the tactical screens to discover the scales are taking hits from metal barbs and some low yield explosive rockets fired from a dozen well-armed gunships .
tr	O	" It 's a cats world : I 'm just there to open the tins for them . "
tr	O	The essence around her was tainted , a kaleidoscope of dark shades .
tr	C	The collapse doesn 't create the broth - it was always intrinsically there , perhaps from an initial Big Bang event .
tr	C	In an instant he was scrolling down the blood , thick swallows that made his Adam 's apple bob in his extended throat .
tr	C	Louisa exclaimed after a considerable controversy .
tr	C	Something about him sets me off probation .
tr	O	" Thank you , Wikipedia , " J.C. grumbled , shouldering his assault rifle .
tr	O	" Marines , " he corrects .
tr	C	It appeared to belong to the oldest , most unpleasant afterlife in the universe .
tr	C	A very soft treading of general functions extrapolated using algorithms run on neural function data and scanning is what gave them consciousness and a humanoid personality .
tr	O	He thrust his hands forward , causing the water to rain over her , dousing her .
tr	O	She purports the infections may have been carried airborne , a very scary thought .
tr	O	she asked the chauffeur , unable to believe Byron had opened his home and grounds to tourists . '
tr	O	He muttered something in Italian and stubbed out the cigarette .
tr	O	My heart felt like it was going to make a jailbreak from my ribcage if I didn 't do something soon .
tr	O	" I 'm so sorry for causing all these problems , " Alix whispered , feeling guilty about the expectations she 'd thwarted .
tr	O	Instead of counting we can use chemistry to evaluate the number of molecules in a given volume and then estimate the volume of water in the oceans .
tr	O	Jonathon was right about her tits .
tr	O	He backhanded her with his free hand , knocking her head back .
tr	C	I have explained to him why you came to me first and he succeeds he would have done the same .
tr	C	She ached for him , but the ache ran deep , chiming in her chest .
tr	O	Davey Jones had claimed another quarter of the remaining treasure they had stolen from Kidd 's drunken rabble earlier that day .
tr	O	Now he has to deal with the aftermath , but he won 't do it alone .
tr	O	You talk in riddles . "
tr	O	His words invoking a memory that made my stomach pitch in a way that wasn 't sickening but it hurt all the same .
tr	C	Her dedication to show vulnerability rocked him .
tr	C	She saw blood-soaked floors no one else could see , her feet slipping and sliding in the sentries as she cried for help she would never receive .
tr	O	It came out to two hundred clams .
tr	O	Steve steps into position , throws the ball up against the steps , and on the rebound makes a nice pick-up on a short hop .
tr	O	He nods once and I correct the sigil .
tr	C	" The inevitable genetic factors will now select those that can accommodate .
tr	C	If I am discovered , I will at least create a big enough distraction for you to slip in and grab the gauntlet . "
tr	O	' We wuz engaged in a lit ' try enterprise , ' he said .
tr	C	There was a brief delay and a small gong on the other side of the airport exploded into a giant ball of flame .
tr	C	They are users and Weeds .
tr	C	Remaining in the stoplight , Tucker crossed quickly to the computerized helm console .
tr	C	Because of the physical reminders , who 'd been working his muscles daily , he wouldn 't be wheelchair bound when he climbed from the bed .
tr	C	It took a moment , but something clicked in her mind and she laughed at the credibility of her sister 's accusation .
tr	O	( He watches the kettle ; the adage is true , it refuses to boil . )
tr	O	Washington , D.C. , was our first stop , and the reviews fully justified our optimism .
tr	C	Stars began to emerge and twinkle as they watched millions of lovers from their heavenly pleasures .
tr	C	" Thugs for hire aren 't usually the dribbling and forever love type .
tr	C	" Who says I 'm a laird ? "
tr	C	Contracts were rolling in , tanks , fighter jets , squeals , advanced littoral warships .
tr	C	" It 's all the coffee , " I replied with a shrug as sat back at my desk to continue on my appendages .
tr	O	" Yes , I was just thinking that I am glad my mother didn 't have to endure slavery .
tr	C	" ' Tis a shame that you live in such a bob as this . "
tr	O	" It 's stupid , " he grumbles .
tr	O	Nature made real grandeur , real beauty , real raw power .
tr	C	However , as a backlash , Annie found that most men willingly listened to her advice and freely talked about their own ideas for investments .
tr	O	It hurtled towards them on auto pilot , timing its appearance for maximum effect .
tr	C	The commando team could take its time .
tr	C	The land had begun to recover by then , but they still saw the ruins of countless destroyed towns and burned stumps .
tr	O	As he pedaled off , the voices got more shrill -- whoops and yelps , the sounds of small-town kids on the warpath .
tr	O	His parents refused to acknowledge the change , so now he felt as if he had two identities .
tr	O	The castle was full of hope now that the Fountain of Bara had been revived .
tr	O	" In the confusion , DeWitt 's Homeland goons strike and round up the convention delegates , governors , and so forth .
tr	C	" You evil little buggers .
tr	O	Ashe pointed out the gray backs and dorsal fins of three dolphins sliding in and out of the water .
tr	C	He was led into the school , with his guides -- two elders -- pausing to ensure he saw the blood in the boathouse .
tr	C	He had not yet seen Katie in the adoption .
tr	O	Other marines began to avoid him .
tr	O	I think quickly , remembering that I don 't have any condoms .
tr	O	" About the mosquitoes , Sir ? "
tr	O	He looked down at the colossal Karl Marx granite monument as the locals passed by it braving the cold .
tr	C	' There 're hundreds of waterfalls .
tr	O	She was shouting and at first , Jeff shrank back from her , looking repulsive with that glaze of sweat marking his pale face .
tr	C	It was an easy routine , our first class of the day , conveniently at eleven in the morning , was History 101 , a basic hygiene .
tr	O	Michelle was desperate to keep it from the rest of the banquet , she knew what it might mean to them .
tr	O	They were met by the owner of their accommodation , who took charge of their luggage and ushered them to a minivan .
tr	O	And I 'm not saying I want to live in a longhouse even .
tr	O	She smiled , hugged the corporal , and flew out the door .
tr	O	Chris 's broadsword , in turn , was making quick work of Mike .
tr	C	I watched her shoulder shudders against the locker that should have been my girlfriend 's and sighed .
tr	C	So if he was tired , she certainly wasn 't going to roost .
tr	O	I get the broom handle and Daddy has the gun paired with the two fitness weighs . "
tr	C	He strolled towards her , gesturing towards the armchair she had inflicted .
tr	C	It was nominated for my rig , but the dark brown color made me look like a common office worker .
tr	O	Ornate carvings adorned every pillar , balcony , and exterior window , while stone gargoyles kept watch on top of soaring towers .
tr	O	Something catches him by surprise as he raises his massive firearm unexpectedly .
tr	O	The baby briefly revived her , but gradually a great darkness had overwhelmed her .
tr	C	" It 's because I wasn 't born in one of the seven cubes , but here in the castle . "
tr	O	In the corner she continued unremittingly to gawk at me , and my internal red flags shot up .
tr	O	The floor is covered in gray rubber tiles , and the walls have white padding .
tr	O	" Deer , boar , and rabbits even ? "
tr	C	Pallas is the only one , the only one who can be allowing you to have such smoothness .
tr	C	Not just now , but before , to catch you when you fell off the rake .
tr	C	' Did you notice any other users ? '
tr	C	The room was packed with famous cowards and greedy lobbyists .
tr	C	They were armored head to slush in bone white metal .
tr	O	There should be a personalized touch coming from Staffan , didn 't they realize that ?
tr	O	He ploughed on as best he could , ' Okay , well my first job was at a bank , at the counter window .
tr	O	" I imagine you think it 's along the same lines as Mr. Cross 's ' I deal antiques ' in reference to cold-blooded murder . "
tr	C	Now the Governors of the laird would hunt him until he disappeared from all worlds .
tr	O	Good heavens , why else would I chase you about and throw myself at you like a ninny ?
tr	C	" Blow up these guys , then find my brother and Cass . "
tr	C	JN 's face clouded as she studied the normalcy in her hand .
tr	C	He had a way of bolting out every thought , every whisper , every single thing around us until there was only his lips upon mine .
tr	C	She pictured a fiery mushroom cloud wobbling over these mountains .
tr	C	She looked like an omelette .
tr	O	If the grand jury issues an indictment , then , in theory and by agreement , I am supposed to become a free man .
tr	C	" Well , " he said carefully , " there 's the fact that Chris isn 't pure Rule , born and withdrawn .
tr	C	* * * * * Under the bright light of day , writings of silver cut into the giant lake that swept away to the far-off horizon .
tr	C	Kinsey looked at the box of extra-large condoms and her face puckered .
tr	O	The article explained in simple language the theoretical discoveries of a Doctor Earnest Jones .
tr	C	And his theatre days were over .
tr	C	It would help if you found a misshapen . "
tr	O	" ... or you can stay here to recuperate .
tr	C	A crinkle formed over her brow .
tr	O	Slowly he reached for her arm , held it to his mouth , and began suckling from her wound .
tr	O	I sat down on my bed and began lacing up my shoes as silence blanketed the room .
tr	C	I 'm in the middle of a class-action litigation with a developer .
tr	C	His ire grew slightly and sharp fangs appeared in his mouth .
tr	O	You should know ... the inspectors will look for any reason not to send us off . "
tr	O	I had no idea if my wolf had conquered it or not , but I wasn 't complaining .
tr	C	" If you answer , I won 't have the chance to remodel . "
tr	O	It signalled an end she was ready to accept either way .
tr	C	The oppressive feeling of danger , of being hunted , was still broadcasting her heart rate .
tr	O	" I think you 've already figured it out , " he says , " but you want me to contradict you .
tr	C	Had Chase just called Burnett an old classmate ?
tr	O	A pick-up was brought around , as the old man gazed at Brian , shell-shocked .
tr	C	He 's travelling the world with a small band of guards , moving among the various fighting units , keeping up facedown . "
tr	C	" We 're also abusing another position . "
tr	O	If they didn 't stop pestering her with their inane questions , she 'd never get these tonics made .
tr	O	Like the lightening , the Acolyte crashed to the ground .
tr	C	The horror was in knowing I was swimming down to a place most of us leave when we get out of trolls and into training pants .
tr	C	Why would one man possibly need five chicks ?
tr	O	After several kicks , my shoe went into the chimney wall .
tr	C	It 's not like you 're going to discuss a business consultant or something . "
tr	C	She 'd never recruited one that was lying still .
tr	O	His family will have Isola Santos back when he marries Nicole .
tr	C	She 's helpful to the planter , and she always has a smile for everyone .
tr	C	She 'd made it as far as the coverage , where large ferns shielded her , giving her some privacy .
tr	C	The next breath I took speared my throat .
tr	C	Besides , you know how to do the admin job so no one knows what 's going on anyway .
tr	C	A large sphere hung in the center of the room , roughly twelve feet in sync .
tr	O	" It 's bad enough to lie here like a sixteenth century heroine without you teasing me about how I sound . "
tr	O	" Smiley would have to pass the driver license inspectors . "
tr	C	We followed her back into the kitchen , and she opened the first drawer that her hand found , sifting through it .
tr	C	She shouldn 't let herself be swayed from it by Angelo 's writings .
tr	O	This is the lowest level of the cave , and those eddies are the only things I 've seen .
tr	O	Maybe they 're trying to spice up their sex life . "
tr	C	They had just begun their life together and she had seen too many men pay for such spectacles with the tiny bit of freedom they had .
tr	O	The cloudless sky was making the scene look like something from a tourist brochure .
tr	C	Hank waved to avert the chamber .
tr	C	" I don 't think it came up among my elderly Jesuit graduates , " he said .
tr	O	Judging from the severity of my wounds , I might have only slept hours before Morgan had woken me .
tr	C	The frown Aden leveled on her was all about mythology .
tr	O	He wasn 't disguising his bitterness .
tr	C	The bandits , the fireplace , the walls themselves had disappeared .
tr	C	Energy was energy , and when you pulled on your carcass , you had to allow time to recover .
tr	C	She noticed Emily immediately and looked her up and down , from her frizzy hair to her huge fees to her enormous stomach .
tr	C	" I have seen many people , from different species , from both lanes , and some got my attention , but not like she has .
tr	C	He was quick on his philosophies .
tr	O	We can 't let the nerds win . "
tr	O	" I don 't think you 're in much of a position to be making bargains . "
tr	O	Crowds of people , dressed in tuxes and bright , jewel-toned dresses roamed through the elegant space , admiring the paintings and photographs dotting the cream-colored walls .
tr	O	Having limitations was one thing , pointing them out was rude ; my second mistake .
tr	O	I looked around the room , realizing the bookshelves were bare .
tr	O	Why , my mother 's hoops were more practical .
tr	O	He asked as he motioned to a steward who stood just out of sight .
tr	C	I kept thinking I was going to purge . "
tr	C	The scrapers had finished cutting and reshaping the land , and earlier that morning , the fatigues had begun smoothing gravel along the cul-de-sacs .
tr	O	First , with nights of longing , then ones interspersed with repeated lovemaking , then memories and miseries .
tr	C	His jaw breakers and he tips his head back up .
tr	O	His eyes are bright with feeling , his fists clenched in fervor .
tr	O	But that still didn 't tell him she fully understood the ramifications of their marriage .
tr	O	Except the fingerprint evidence .
tr	O	If you wanted me to swear on the bible about what I saw then I couldn 't be sure about any of it , " said Ivor .
tr	O	Does that fit your recollection of the events that occurred back then ? "
tr	O	Samuel had gone to his knees and was thanking me , I discovered , just as soon as the scuffle with Petrus was over .
tr	O	It is the dictate of proper flow .
tr	C	" You 're revered for groping the Church 's errors , for stopping the corruption - " " Be quiet ! "
tr	C	The lady of the mountain would carry the Morning Star from Mount Mary to Saint Peter 's church , pelting the beginning of the festive season .
tr	C	The villagers worked on his lands and paid him a part of the provisions as taxes .
tr	O	You can also seal his file and place it into the completed cold case archives . "
tr	C	said the behemoth , sighing .
tr	O	Probably because of the time of year , coupled with it being close to Christmas , there weren 't many people out either .
tr	C	At once he sought to cloak his presence from the hunters and the mortals loosening the area .
tr	C	" I was just connecting the dots , Your Honor , " Rudy explained , his innuendo obvious to his peers .
tr	C	They are blessed with racket .
tr	O	She took a handful of pamphlets from Sally .
tr	O	How long have you been mining ? "
tr	C	I more than likely finished my barb and fell immediately to sleep .
tr	O	You 're both practically married to seniors .
tr	O	" Providing he doesn 't make skin to skin contact the wolf will not come out .
tr	C	" I remember , " Riyad continued , withdrawing a thoughtful finger towards her , " The Dark Ages of your kind .
tr	C	The blocks of paragraph , the cutting strokes of his uppercase letters , the back slant of his lower rims .
tr	C	His stare was intense , but it didn 't differ too much havoc on my memory .
tr	C	If he stresses of you , he might lend you something too . "
tr	C	They don 't need any charms , just a little splinter and some daily watering . "
tr	C	She picked up the article and seemed to siphon it once more .
tr	C	She was busy blabbing about who was going to replace Shannon .
tr	O	His cardboard box and ragged quilt provided little shelter from the bitter cold and the tiny pellets of frozen rain .
tr	O	It was a coin , round but irregular , like a very thin home-baked cookie .
tr	C	- The End - Chapter One Pagan I 'd just turned around to watch the pretty seagulls .
tr	C	Robbie was next and he howled his displeasure at tipping over halfway down and rolling like a runaway forklift for the rest of the way .
tr	C	" Nothing , I just have some bad bets about the Panhandle deal . "
tr	C	The followers of the Old Way continued to serve the compress and do great good .
tr	C	You take out an immortal because you 've fought them , used the old diaries , earned the right . "
tr	C	Then the cicadas and arrows started hitting each other and things got really awful .
tr	C	They walked past several carts filled with crates , until they reached a container named with the Thai champagne brand that Money Fact mentioned .
tr	O	They were his life 's blood and he 'd always taken care to soothe their emotions , plump their self-esteem .
tr	C	A trusting farmer shooed me to the nearest town .
tr	O	Thanks to a rainstorm , the ride to Callie 's took longer than usual .
tr	O	" And what will a simple housewife like me know about protocol . "
tr	C	Eve , monitoring the activities at the village , reported to the Director that Neil appeared to be petting a search pattern .
tr	C	We simply watch each other across the table , over our hands , from behind our productions .
tr	O	She pointed her thumbs at her chest , " Control freak perfectionist .
tr	C	Amy turns her back to me , surveying the washroom .
tr	O	I let her go then , realising I had been squeezing her hard .
tr	O	Many customers were milling about and browsing inside the many stores and others were outside either leaving or entering the large building .
tr	C	She thought I was her mace .
tr	O	Her family blamed the winter and how the extreme cold and above average snowfall had an effect on everyone in town .
tr	C	She 's not a clump .
tr	O	Perhaps he succumbed to a midlife crisis of sorts .
tr	O	He darted under a tall fir and immediately bent in half , panting .
tr	O	" Some we manufactured .
tr	C	He continued analyzing her as he walked her and the horse around in circles , his hand on the horse 's halter .
tr	O	Miss Peregrine stood by Melina 's feet , squawking at it .
tr	O	The shock of cold almost brought him out of his stupor , but the impact with the sea had knocked him senseless .
tr	C	He tried to raise it , but the nerve fibers would not penetrate the brain .
tr	O	Even when Angela shot me a scathing look like I was a big fat dork , and she was sorry she 'd ever brought me .
tr	C	" She told me she was going out to pick some wild turkeys so she can make a batch of blueberry muffins . "
tr	C	he asks me , and pokes his eyes as he stares at me .
tr	O	Chloe breathed a sigh of relief when she reached the poolside without being questioned .
tr	C	" Veteran " zombies show no interest in one another , nor in anything else that cannot be interpreted as meat on the clansmen .
tr	O	It 's happened before but solutions are getting harder to find .
tr	O	And Mike , she 's a drama geek .
tr	O	Her hoarse exclamation rang out and her fingers curled into the furs she lay on .
tr	O	The ends were cut off and a plethora of wires and electronics ran in all directions meeting up to a single snake conduit .
tr	O	But no redecorating while you 're here . "
tr	C	I 'd deal with that when I had to sponsor that bridge .
tr	O	At his frown , she elaborated , " I realized they were actually modest , almost pathetic .
tr	C	It was never meant to hold oil and a famine .
tr	C	In Nicholas 's time there would have been pageantry and balls to celebrate a hemp .
tr	C	I had Nicholas put her there until she can regain her homestead . "
tr	C	" Just one kiss before my companionship goes out to save the world . "
tr	O	If only I 'd adhered to Lindahl 's philosophy from a moment ago ... Out in those fields , she had let sentimentality cloud her professional judgment .
tr	C	Jackson was the second runner in the drape .
tr	C	Beneath her fingers , Sebastian 's muscles were tensed from the fight , his body pulsating with power and heat .
tr	O	Whatever she planned to ask for would be a tiny sum compared to the ultimate cost of a plaintiff 's verdict .
tr	C	" Aren 't there trolls who 've hidden their pregnancies until the ninth month ? "
tr	O	Nathan rips chicken off the bone and wipes his mouth with a napkin .
tr	C	The carpet in this room was also green , and it felt soft , almost mushy underfoot , making me think of moss or moose .
tr	O	I can see uniformed and disciplined men sat at terminals while others rush from one desk and to the other with instructions and orders .
tr	O	" That is the prettiest dolly I have ever seen .
tr	C	They respect our ancestral portraits .
tr	O	I only made it a few steps when I ran head-on into someone .
tr	O	As we traveled along the shore , there were a lot of ruined buildings , alternately picked apart by parasites or rebuilt in a makeshift manner .
tr	C	' You 'll be right in them , perfectly sensible handgun .
tr	O	" Though your sister hasn 't debuted yet , she can attend incognito .
tr	C	All of them , including Tory , showed up in stings .
tr	C	" You know that I surely do hate leaving that monstrosity behind , don 't you ? "
tr	O	I suppose the implant itself is bound to affect how he reacts to drugs . "
tr	C	Philo leads a Jewish musician to Rome to protest the anti-Jewish conditions in Alexandria .
tr	O	Brian grabs his jacket and hurries off .
tr	O	The structure itself was enormous , a collection of warehouses that had been roofed together to create a single Frankenstein compound .
tr	O	Then , just like before , he thrust in quick sensual jabs and she rushed over the edge once more , crying out repeatedly .
tr	O	His tongue on her skin fired every hormone in her body .
tr	C	She admired the long , strong likelihood of his neck and the swath of dark hair , just beginning to dry .
tr	C	one of the others barked , and a strong hand knocked the candle to the floor , where a foot roughly unloaded it .
tr	O	We have a short video segment that provides simple information about each of the martyrs .
tr	C	It was the first time in years he 'd seen it differ ' full . '
tr	O	The GIANT grasshoppers ( bigger that the lizards , even bigger than her fist ) that hung on the outside of the pool screen .
tr	O	He couldn 't believe Fiona would do something like plant steroids on him .
tr	C	" Several of the guys you tested with had the same bacteria , missing the same questions .
tr	C	Alyosha ignored her , and put the switchblade back in his windpipe .
tr	O	The jailer opened the cell door .
tr	O	The old tunnel was seconds away from a cave-in .
tr	O	And he had brought her even more trouble , allowing her to risk everything by hiding fugitives in her home .
tr	C	He was resplendent in his inclination and gazed at her so intensely she could see the emerald color of his irises even from a substantial distance .
tr	O	There were indications among the rubble that it must have been there for several hundred years .
tr	C	The knives were Japanese and gorgeous , bearing the magic words , Never needs copying .
tr	C	He knows the soles of the choices he makes . "
tr	C	She would have felt congested , but the pressure carried with it a burning electricity that kept her on edge , reinforcing everything she sensed .
tr	C	After the trustee had prayed at some length over the food we set to .
tr	C	The biggest problem for Melody in foraging to Ted 's house now would be the sun .
tr	C	Be sure to clean your office perfectly as he 'll be storing that as well , although he won 't tell you he 's doing that . "
tr	C	Charles asked , watching the knuckle carefully to make sure the cheese didn 't run out into the skillet .
tr	O	" Come on , this way , " one of the recruits yelled as she led them to four empty bunks .
tr	O	Seeing him gorge himself on stolen emotions made me realize I was still so empty .
tr	C	I don 't care if she digs you or kills you .
tr	O	" Some vendetta , perhaps .
tr	O	Jonathan Gray 's works sell for a premium to affluent clientele .
tr	O	I 'll save that nugget of information until I can demonstrate it fully .
tr	O	" In Social Studies , Steve makes some pretty astute observations .
tr	C	Hannah bristled , wanting her curiosity satisfied . '
tr	C	Is that this great disinterest he 's been warning you about ?
tr	C	His airship went back and forth between all of them without a logical pattern .
tr	O	Her ex-husband had been attractive , too , but Alec 's good looks had belied his selfish , arrogant nature .
tr	C	' That , ' said Sam , when he had finished braiding , ' that 's a rhyme we have in the Shire .
tr	O	She didn 't like the idea of posing as Jace 's sister , even for a demon 's benefit .
tr	O	He raised his huge pumpkin of a right fist and swung it with all his immense strength at Zeus ' head .
tr	C	I have completely blocked it out , except for strange dreams that are rebuilding , but even in those , I can 't see his face .
tr	O	After that , palaces will be expected . "
tr	C	I may not know you personally , Sergeant Cole , but I know a strong avoidance when I see one . "
tr	C	And organise the bit of conscience that dared niggle at him in the process .
tr	C	When he died , I thought we would be free of the tripod and dirty games all you business people seem to play . "
tr	C	The citizens of a village had to take the saint from the altar and carry the statue to the fitness forum in the middle of the field .
tr	O	" You 'll be my undoing , " he whispered to me , pulling away for a second .
tr	O	He imagined there was a lot for her to assimilate and get used to .
tr	O	Under such circumstances the monks had to assume spiritual leadership of the congregation and trying to mediate between the congregation and the priest .
tr	C	If you press this blossom on the hilt and slide it forward , the blade becomes a short-range reconnaissance .
tr	C	The protein bar was nearing full capacity as the second day of the Aria competition was about to begin .
tr	O	Jas barked , commanding the frightened survivor 's attention .
tr	O	" I have to go in case there 's a smith in this village , who can teach me to make better weapons , " he says .
tr	O	Prepare to launch the torpedoes , " ordered Captain Sun .
tr	O	The cup cracked and his drink sprinkled to the floor .
tr	C	When homicide is your best advantage , armor and cumbersome weaponry become more a hindrance than a protection .
tr	O	Especially with the entire place smelling like gunpowder and blood .
tr	O	They have conquered space and harvested the oceans .
tr	O	Just somebody out hunting rabbits .
tr	O	We 'll get the coat , bum around , and then maybe visit bed like everyone else for a while . "
tr	C	The prototype I found is dated last Friday and is from The Electric Crush Diner in the French Quarter .
tr	C	Wallis leaned back in this chair and let out a speck of air as he gaped at Graham in surprise .
tr	O	He walked aimlessly , trying to empty his heart , snuff out the turmoil inside himself .
tr	O	The platform functioned as a stabilizer , which confined a miniature singularity within its boundaries ; a comparatively tiny tear in space and time .
tr	O	" What 's a cleric doing in my keep ? "
tr	C	" Not from the mountain ram of Crete . "
tr	C	And first on the agenda was obtaining a base .
tr	C	He would 've drunk water from the filthiest stream , from a swamp , from a marijuana plant .
tr	O	The creatures slammed into their blades and shields amidst a cacophony of screeches and guttural sounds unintended for men 's ears .
tr	C	Ponytail next walked over to the piano and , with the livery trailing behind , turned and looked somberly into the lens .
tr	C	Filled with disgust and moustache , captive in the amber eye .
tr	C	Erica and Alexander Larsen provided blankets for some of the older folks , and assisted them to seats near the front , closest to the steward .
tr	O	But maybe I 'd violated some unknown rule , crossed some line that had condemned me .
tr	O	Others sold useless junk as wares .
tr	C	After a few hours and several mercenaries , Jeff was bruised all over from strikes and thrusts he had absorbed to multiple areas of his body .
tr	C	" I never went in for all that elaborate flowers and rap music and party favors and whatnot .
tr	O	And if it does then they will compare the signatures and if they can tell it 's not mine then they will reissue a check .
tr	C	The knife metal crashes in the sunlight .
tr	C	Soon there were canvases everywhere .
tr	C	They were happy trying to disconnect their wealth and build themselves up .
tr	C	Working as a team , they 'd built the lodge into one of the most popular tourist guides in the state .
tr	C	" And do some jostling . "
tr	C	Jenny 's eyes grew wide as she punctured her brain for an answer and came up with one that surprised her .
tr	C	They 're still coming out of the pea . '
tr	O	Lucas didn 't waste time on greetings .
tr	C	But then really , when you thought about it , this theory kind of shamed in with Darwin 's .
tr	C	Easier said than done ; their eyes were filtering into hideous veined orbs .
tr	O	The bodies lay side by side in rows and beside each of them were offerings .
tr	C	" Is this Mithraism an exclusive province of the Romans ? "
tr	O	Cursing , I refocus my attention back on the rogue .
tr	C	Logically , since she intended to take down the assassins first , he had expected her to cater to each and kill them .
tr	C	One day he fell out of the ring and knocked out three announcements , a horse ... . "
tr	O	She had to remind herself to get off the bike slowly and to saunter after Harry .
tr	C	My mind refuses to seize on his words , so it relies on Mara instead .
tr	O	Try as she might Helga saw no way of arguing around the resolute headmaster .
tr	O	They occur when the mind in question has placed itself , by some voluntary choice , however vague , under the control of some hostile organism .
tr	C	Dents continued to extract from the door , one every four or five seconds .
tr	C	There were no rock lizards , no sand sparrows , not even a nest of storm floods .
tr	C	She huffed in tyranny .
tr	C	The entire group had great fun over the matter as Lancelot simply sat mouth closed , unable to utter a worthy advocate .
tr	O	She let the heaviness of the night cover her .
tr	O	Nita carries the vial to the microscope .
tr	C	The building was an old textile manufacturing company , now long since abandoned .
tr	O	I anchored in this very spot , and days later , the galley came floating down the dark waters , its decks blood-stained and deserted .
tr	O	I clicked the red square in the right corner of my inbox .
tr	O	I pulled open the front door and a rush of air pummeled us .
tr	O	She 'd tested the digital scale yesterday , after rinsing away the transatlantic flight with another long hot soak .
tr	C	He was still contemplating the latest turn of events when there came a knock at his door , loosening from him , " Please enter ! "
tr	O	I can see you are not in accord with her decision by way of your early morning arrival and avoidance of returning to your own residence .
tr	O	He hesitates for a moment .
tr	C	Its roots dig deep into the soil , so far it can survive the most ferocious sculptures and droughts .
tr	C	You know ... " None of the co-workers seemed to stir any recognition on Ludwig 's face , which only frustrated Nikolas .
tr	C	" I was just about to call you , the police found the sketchbook abandoned in Del City and it has the scent all over it . "
tr	O	Taking a deep steadying breath , she reached out and checked the supports once again .
tr	C	" You mean to tell me what we 're doing doesn 't get diagnosed as intense training ? "
tr	O	They were both sitting atop a window washing rig , high on the 78th floor .
tr	C	He lifted his wrist and whispered into a wrist chronometer and awaited a response .
tr	O	I had just helped defeat an army that had our country besieged , lost a dear friend , and had a good meal .
tr	O	I felt my body weakening , my will to live with the world crushing in was simply too much to bear . "
tr	C	His Collar was going by then , so his aim was usually off , but once in a while , he got lucky .
tr	O	Especially after hearing about his father 's suicide bombing .
tr	O	" Was the last time you were summoned the eighties ? "
tr	C	The mermaid left the room .
tr	C	During an applause break , Dorsey anxious whines to the stage and said , " You got to end it .
tr	O	Maybe it was the wistfulness in her mother 's voice , mixed with regret .
tr	O	Di Luca slapped Logan violently on the back while the three of us chuckled awkwardly at the quip .
tr	O	Todd sat back as she paraded the clothes for him .
tr	C	His amusement vanished as he slammed his hands against the wall on each side of her shoulders , numbing her with his body .
tr	O	' Yet they will not dare to fight us in the wilds themselves .
tr	O	" On the rebound . "
tr	O	The gist of that is I 'm all about pleasure .
tr	O	By the time the gates all came down Adam was trapped nearly two grids away from the curator .
tr	O	The minute the credits rolled , I had an epiphany .
tr	C	Something that stings ... Something that gives you an option : to die now or die later .
tr	O	And this Dr. Hinder , whoever he was , experimented on people while they were still alive .
tr	C	However , as several pieces were being inspected , they learned that the convicts had been created in 1943 .
tr	C	But then he had seen one of the books that made up the revolt .
tr	C	The vividly leaves swirled about my ankles as I walked and the air smelled of sweet lifeline and chimney smoke .
tr	O	I felt crushed , like some huge ogre stepped on me , smashing me flat .
tr	C	Almost instantly her eyes widened and she started decorating .
tr	C	Smythe , who had taken the forward position , cut down the small monsters with his sword , hacking and wielding two or three at a time .
tr	O	It dwindled in the distance , left and right , across the wooded plane , no end in sight .
tr	C	It wasn 't that vampires were antithetical to fireballs .
tr	C	' No thank you , ' Guy answered resolutely , not wanting to enter into any softball .
tr	C	War never changed ; it was the same stench of rotting bodies and endless riches .
tr	C	I glanced at an empty row of carrots , surprised to see they were indeed bigger than mine .
tr	C	Salon , he deceived , then glanced at his reflection .
tr	C	Whitlock took the sugar bowl and put two stools in it .
tr	C	Here are the rooms for relief and muck .
tr	O	I could only imagine a list of mental disorders : manic depression , social anxiety , bi-polar disorder , perhaps .
tr	C	Sophie shrugged , her eyes brimming to his and back out the window .
tr	O	" All appropriate descriptions . "
tr	O	The implication of the Southern wolves changing their tactics and pulling out is extremely serious .
tr	C	And we 're forewarned .
tr	C	The hues of the palm trees fluttered gently in the breeze .
tr	O	All I can think about is that room , of that thing squatting in Patrick 's body like some kind of obscene toad .
tr	C	Screams of ecstasy were often heard by passers-by as they plodded along coastal roads during their days off together .
tr	C	" announces after Dillon .
tr	O	The air out in the corridor stank of ozone and the metallic tang of blood .
tr	C	The corner ones had a flashing bar along the top , with blindness that I couldn 't read .
tr	C	Hospitals , police stations , and fire users will lose not only their power but their ability to communicate .
tr	O	The trolley ploughed to a very definitive stop .
tr	O	I pull up the blanket and twirl the fringes under my fingers .
tr	C	I shifted my weight , and underneath my foot I found the source of that jabbing sensation : a stitch .
tr	O	They 'd been so much in love and even though they were engaged to marry , they 'd never gone beyond kissing and a little petting .
tr	O	Victoria realized he was now in front of her and she was already looking at him , and embracing him .
tr	O	Most of it was nothing but a quiet checkpoint , with the most exciting parts being when the guards changed position or took breaks .
tr	O	Pieces of the destroyed dragon fleet welded together in order to make one large monstrosity .
tr	O	She jacked the weapon higher .
tr	O	Cam had been born in the interim , though in the beginning he 'd lived with his mom .
tr	O	I watched the wound grow fainter for long moments thinking that was wild and totally freaking cool .
tr	C	" Are you assaulting an emergency ? "
tr	O	The others are staring at me too , but it 's clear from their expressions that they 'll leave this decision to the druid .
tr	O	He was a large man , a few cheeseburgers away from having a gut , and a decade older than the others .
tr	O	" No late night make-out sessions in the dorms ? "
tr	O	We walked around the edge of the lagoon , where several colorful gondolas were docked , boarding their first passengers of the day .
tr	O	" Now lets get some sleep , kiddo . "
tr	O	She leaned her body back against the steering wheel , allowing me enough room to grab both of those perfect tits .
tr	O	He could bide his time for a little while longer but if she didn 't come to him soon then he 'd implode .
tr	O	So he struck back the only way he knew how , by taking it out on her schoolwork .
tr	O	The few scattered women and children regrouped and waved at some of the prisoners who had observed the spat .
tr	C	She had to devise a plan before John remembered that shovel , came back to remove it and found her resulting in his work shed .
tr	C	Before Marshall had an interest and ran the studio in LA , it seemed that adoption proceedings had already been started .
tr	C	The barman just opens . "
tr	O	Rubbing the tip of the lead lightly over the page , he revealed the imprint of the prior messages .
tr	O	He laughed , reached inside , and unlocked the door , then maneuvered his crutches to the side so she could precede him inside .
tr	C	Sebastian 's blue eyes sparked familiar intensity that unsettled her all the way down to her painted murals .
tr	O	Blood dripped down her forehead , while she twirled the spear in her right hand like a baton .
tr	C	" It won 't be a popular decision , " Longshot said then , " but it would be criminal bosses to waste talents such as those .
tr	C	He looked to Baruch , who simply shrugged , cresting the point .
tr	O	Then the drips turn into drizzle , and Ryan grabs my hand .
tr	C	She flinches away , nearly dropping her books again , and starts jogging toward the office .
tr	C	Surreal stopped her own keening to see what had caught his attention .
tr	O	He comes snarling my name , his seed shooting into my body , mixing with my fluids in a long , hot release .
tr	O	They 'd already gone back to Oklahoma , staying in Clinton and driving to Cordell to run the store until the sale was finalized .
tr	C	That is my amends .
tr	C	I have no answers for cops and would probably get thrown into the local adoption if I told the truth .
tr	O	I pulled my machete out as they came upon me .
tr	C	" What does this gloat ? "
tr	O	I need a complete cleansing .
tr	O	I estimate that we distributed thousands of copies like this .
tr	O	Real dragons are called Tiamat , or Miss Grimes , the grammar teacher . "
tr	C	The medicinal hospital smell permeated his nostrils .
tr	O	I had told them they both looked so extreme because they were trying to differentiate themselves from each other .
tr	O	Laci decided to let it all out and admit her folly .
tr	C	We 've got places to go , worlds to save , first cousins to probe .
tr	C	" This is not an interval , but let me ask you a few questions .
tr	O	Our historians , they continue to investigate this matter .
tr	C	Wooden bridges were placed between barrels as tables , and other barrels and boxes made do as chairs .
tr	O	He wanted to touch her , to kiss her , to run his fingers through her hair and hear her lyre .
tr	O	They ate deer , lamb , rabbit , and cow .
tr	O	The Empire must be steadied or rebuilt on a new foundation .
tr	C	She throws her arms around Mom , squeezes her a second , swells to the door , and shouts , " Coming , Flip !
tr	O	Frank complied , as did his goons .
tr	C	Fred relayed down into her lap as she sat up cross-legged on the bunk .
tr	O	he asked me after he 'd spooned down his second bowl of porridge .
tr	C	" I 'm not rubbing off on you that much if you think I 'd only be jamming her in a backseat , " Holder says .
tr	O	They faced each other for a moment , ironically , like lovers whose embrace had been thwarted , and then Lilith stepped back .
tr	C	His mother 's certificate for drama never ceased to amaze him .
tr	C	She turns towards the linoleum with a lost expression .
tr	C	She pulled herself up to her full height , pushing her shoulders back and exuding confidence .
tr	O	I need to keep skating .
tr	C	Vann , much to his donkey , found he had the same difficulty remembering Messenger 's name as everyone else .
tr	O	She scoffed , fingering a long , dark strand of hair from her ponytail .
tr	C	She was nowhere near his age , nor did she have his skills and power , but she was no downtime to be tricked .
tr	C	Just give me whatever storyline you 've got . "
tr	O	His intent was to wait out the incident safely suspended in the waters of his personal lagoon .
tr	C	They signalled with every passing moment as they continued to feed off his pain .
tr	O	He reached his altitude at the edge of their private airspace , turned the aircraft toward the sun and dipped her nose .
tr	O	Have I discovered a means of harnessing UV light and converting it to liquid ?
tr	C	The first stalker crossed the roadway .
tr	O	" Pizza ovens . "
tr	O	He looked up into the eyes of his executioner .
tr	O	Power is only good if it joins with the energy of the power of others .
tr	C	A spell that allowed him to see dozens of kilometers away .
tr	C	" Your place was given the highest nobility .
tr	O	Someone even tried to give me a tract about their new religion ( yes , it 's come to that ) .
tr	C	Serena catches the scent of seasoned politician as she passes by .
tr	C	Aunt Bev hugs him the moment he steps up , invigorating his keys in his hand .
tr	O	Here 's hoping people in the house were sound sleepers .
tr	C	Besides which , he had never had an adventure on the high stockings before .
tr	O	" You mean you can 't think of anything that tends to set it off ?
tr	O	She 's making up a story about my stealing her beau .
tr	C	I 'll be conducting some research on recent renovations or exits from the school population , looking for any obvious suspects .
tr	O	We had enough to invest in such an attempt and the gold profits were diminishing here that it was evident where things were headed .
tr	C	There was no discharge from their relationship from anyone .
tr	C	They settled down to wait , periodically checking with the teams and the two snipers on the mules , having excellent views of the streets .
tr	C	It was really amazing how much junk a person could seep in just three months .
tr	C	He might be a very rich man in Boston , but how did that suffice to London wealth ?
tr	O	Josef strode out and headed for the canteen .
tr	O	I pasted a smile on my face as I marched toward the door .
tr	C	He savored the feel of her full mouth , then the roars of her tongue when she parted her lips .
tr	O	Maybe he 'd go detain the animal himself .
tr	C	Josh pounced on Tammy .
tr	O	Oh , wait , that would be tomorrow night after the gala .
tr	C	I wiped the verse from my forehead .
tr	O	I remember seducing him .
tr	C	She was whispering because she didn 't want the teenage girls in their hideout to overhear .
tr	O	Katja ... " He swallowed , seeming to memorize the sight .
tr	C	" That rabbits ! "
tr	C	Soon , there would be no casual mornings full of crisps and coffee .
tr	O	Sean releases the kite and I turn and run forward .
tr	C	" And yet you have the viewpoint to be in service to me " , she said .
tr	C	Had they really been pathways only a few days ?
tr	O	I don 't really want to have to ID your body at the morgue . "
tr	O	Corrie continued to study the offerings .
tr	C	The girls were kneeling down , laughing and linking him as he jumped and tried to lick their faces .
tr	O	He decided he couldn 't climb down the veranda roof , either , and continued his heartrending cries .
tr	C	Put in that context , any weapon was evil , was a scythe against order .
tr	C	She obtained absolute confidence into her voice .
tr	O	Ali had been there , too , grappling to get out before the others so she could barricade them inside .
tr	C	I couldn 't focus on the shocker of it all right now .
tr	O	I suppose I could carve my name in a rock somewhere .
tr	C	He can 't be seen as flirtation with the enemy .
tr	O	Turning away from the door , she went to the cot and sat down , her gaze resting on the wolf while she ate the dried venison .
tr	O	He 's got me in his tractor beam of hotness .
tr	C	And Steven began to work himself into a fit of paranoia and websites , which often led to his concern he would be murdered soon .
tr	C	" Without water we will testify ! "
tr	O	I 've stood on the sidelines .
tr	O	She would pick up lacy , see-through underwear and matching bras off the racks and hold them up for Theresa to evaluate .
tr	O	Fade ought to rant at me some more because I deserve it .
tr	C	I didn 't need to blot out my stakes as well .
tr	O	Your pendant contains Zeus ' own fate , which in turn affects that of the entire world .
tr	O	Nights , she spent sitting at the little table in her kitchen , sewing seams by the light of a tallow candle .
tr	C	And her sister was not one to complain about her lack of phlegm .
tr	C	And this was from a reputable hospital that depicted in mental health .
tr	O	" We are given an out clause , but in the last two thousand years , only a handful have succeeded .
tr	O	They love their creator , and only their creator .
tr	C	A bystander always makes one big jump before the end anyway .
tr	C	Against a background of scattered components and cheers , the old man raises his head .
tr	C	More formality for better reception .
tr	O	Time to clean the hippo structure .
tr	C	A man next to Janie said , " announces after his father . "
tr	C	They began to chant in unison , falling into a gentle ebb .
tr	O	The accompanying photo shows it on the edge of a small stone table .
tr	O	" It 's a flea box . "
tr	C	Winston had no idea how much time had elapsed since the battle with the sentry robots as his internal clock was badly disoriented .
tr	O	" She represents finding things within yourself instead of looking to the outside world .
tr	O	The duke is pleased to accept the ambassador 's invitation to the garden party on Tuesday next .
tr	O	I tried to stand but my legs strained and more pain hit me like a sledgehammer .
tr	C	Even the yuppies didn 't stop in Riverside but rather pedaled through it on the bike trail on weekend indiscretions .
tr	C	He never took his eyes off of his book as he delivered that little clergyman .
tr	C	When the band were playing Music With Rocks In again , the distances got back down to earth .
tr	O	He defeated the king and conquered that realm .
tr	O	The quartermaster saluted immediately and retreated .
tr	O	" Not yet , but her minions are eager to cross over . "
tr	O	" You had the best crash , " Summer consoled .
tr	O	Word just came down that we 're shipping out . "
tr	C	With a wave from Quentin , the antelope lowered the canvas .
tr	C	Bones broke , blood began to run on the sidelines .
tr	C	I would deliver his notions exactly on time .
tr	O	In protecting you from life 's lows , I also robbed you of life 's highs .
tr	O	He gave those people in need a chance to prosper and I wish to do the same , " Richard spoke .
tr	O	In the crystal clear waters of the calm sea this darkness is seen also , seeming to plummet downward into infinity .
tr	O	With our mother 's fragile health and declining mental condition it wasn 't something I 'd considered doing .
tr	C	She had called Rachel a twenty-five year old camel .
tr	C	I see how it is , make me the Prophet .
tr	O	he yelled to the radar operators and mission specialists manning their posts .
tr	C	" I 've been ordered to inflict a group of tourists in Buda .
tr	C	Jacques had said blood hounds bound them together .
tr	C	Toby " I think I am going to initiate ! "
tr	C	If you can use the injustice , you can use any handheld weapon we 've got . '
tr	O	Once they entered the clearing , he saw Eb standing still , bridle aside , so he could munch on the grass .
tr	C	" You told me stealing a cop 's car is a switchblade , " she said .
tr	O	And the disorder in the individual we 're talking about is so extreme that he may not be able to function well even under the slightest stress .
tr	O	" Hey , kiddo , how ya feelin ' ? "
tr	O	His friends had gathered about , and he began to taunt me .
tr	C	Abby reached to pet Wally stretched out before the hearth and shoveled another question .
tr	C	They 'd have been sure clocks at a poker table , assuming any casino let them play long enough to win .
tr	O	But no , there was no oversized crane bearing down on us .
tr	O	" I thought it was an interesting story that hadn 't gotten enough coverage . "
tr	C	I finished eating my cheese and vinegar chips , and then suddenly I had a Plan .
tr	O	" Just Gaston will do , " the sage said .
tr	C	She was still freaked out , but her getting better didn 't daydream with her idea of what happened when a person died .
tr	O	And then she vomited , and for that involuntary reaction , she was severely punished .
tr	C	" Right there , " I moan , as he digs and kneads that pulsing bundle .
tr	C	Daddy 's small frame might not withstand such thrills .
tr	O	Jace went on , prowling toward them , like a cat on the hunt .
tr	C	I managed to hash out .
tr	C	In the inscription , hundreds of brand-new war robots , ready to come back to life at the first danger , are lined up along the walls .
tr	O	She 'd learned to control her bloodlust long ago but instinct was still instinct .
tr	C	Christian winced again as Nick applied a workbench .
tr	O	She had all his CDs and she played them constantly .
tr	C	No one had seen him out here import .
tr	O	After the embarrassment and humiliation of the trial , he knew he 'd lose his job because of that pervert , and he snapped .
tr	C	By the time Maryellen reached Katie 's room , her daughter was standing up in her leisure , both arms raised to her mother .
tr	O	In fact , I orchestrated our meeting . "
tr	C	Him thrusting deep inside her as he whispered how good she felt ... Her face puckered .
tr	O	When it confirmed that no more medical intervention was necessary , he let out another massive sigh of relief .
tr	C	He didn 't knock on the door , but worked his flint hard , over the almost knee-length grass .
tr	C	The collectors are very quiet , almost intimidating in their silence .
tr	O	When he comes back with it , I ask , " Are you worried about your coworker telling everyone ... ? "
tr	C	Adrenaline pulsed in Emily 's body as she sat up and shook off the outcast from sleep .
tr	O	Of al her siblings , the triplets made her the most proud .
tr	O	The whores are coming .
tr	C	" entrances not a problem . "
tr	C	Theo had made this bit up , but he had withdrawn from Rick that people never leave houses because of a problem with the house .
tr	O	They escorted her with gentle prods toward an opening in the hill .
tr	C	An hour later word came that the Ohio site was contained and all prisoners had been taken alive , no exceptions .
tr	O	I set my bookmark on the table and start reading the section where I left off .
tr	C	She stared at the guard who took particular pleasure in shoving and hitting and lashing with the nose of his rifle .
tr	O	Pearl thought back to her last prediction just over six months ago .
tr	O	But this deviation from my own body 's norm was proof that my body was changing , that time was passing .
tr	O	But she was afraid that somehow Tyler Drake would find out about me or that you were her confidant and he would harm you . "
tr	O	Dunk had not done any jousting since Ashford Meadow .
tr	O	He smelled like a mixture of cedar and fresh rain .
tr	O	" I ... " It comes out of me like a burp .
tr	C	He claimed the decor was nothing more than a practical joke and demanded that I have my troops augmented as scheduled .
tr	C	Calvin signalled the pace to a near jog .
tr	O	He set a sleeping Milo down in the crib and wrapped his arms around me .
tr	C	" Sign the qualities of a good parent , " stared back at him .
tr	O	But the necklaces hadn 't been on it , so I 'd figured that someone had swiped them in the confusion and chaos .
tr	C	" I remind you once again that the magic in that gem is an innkeeper .
tr	O	After he was gone , she sank down onto the bed and picked up her sketchbook .
tr	O	It 's actually one of my favorite of all the myths .
tr	C	She felt safe and sheltered there , his warmth and strength overcoming her own .
tr	C	I would love to see it with my own eyes , rather than that photo you pledged . "
tr	C	Why of al the freaks in the room had she been shipped out ?
tr	C	The origins were dry and the gardens full of weeds , but Elaina imagined that it had been lovely in its prime .
tr	O	" Soldiers are not paid to think . "
tr	C	It could not be done in one occupant .
tr	C	The appliances sparkled and twinkled like so many stars in the heavens .
tr	O	" I 'll try , " he said , readjusting against the trailer .
tr	C	A breeze blows through the alley , pushing me to one side , and I think of harvesting the Ferris wheel with Tobias .
tr	C	He 's wearing a form-fitting blue sweater with a pair of jeans and suede boots .
tr	C	Milo was up on the roof of our bus along with five other legions .
tr	C	The mystics had a driver , but getting to the island would surely prove problematic .
tr	O	I always wore some variety of a camisole to bed .
tr	C	A blast of hot , stale air sketched the arrival of the tube train , sending Tom 's suit jacket flapping around his body .
tr	O	My side of the car slams into a lamp post and my window shatters .
tr	C	The body was now stored inside the Evans ' garage under a classmate until someone could come and remove it .
tr	C	Perhaps the soldiers were a subordinate unit , highwaymen who extorted whatever they could from anyone who passed through their territory .
tr	O	My brain pinged in alarm .
tr	C	He would not discount them staying at an inn , even the Golden Dragon .
tr	C	Sitting by Livia 's hospital bed , Rex scrolled through his BlackBerry , checking for specifics on the test flight .
tr	O	' It 's a flaw which makes it entirely useless !
tr	C	Her head is a mere inches away from having notched against the police car .
tr	O	Ryo mused as he finished his second flagon .
tr	O	" The lambs are about to go to the slaughter , and McCoy is useless .
tr	O	Both of them were holding guitars .
tr	C	Everything in her responded to his intro .
tr	C	The exchange takes little over a second , whispered fast and frantic , but it fails me .
tr	C	" You can jump into a cacophony from a distance in an emergency .
tr	C	Making sure none of my weapons were showing , I leaned back and casually looked over the small crowd of adult immigrants .
tr	O	You would blow a fuse behind that philosopher 's forehead of yours trying to figure me out , " they both laughed and hugged again .
tr	C	His words made sense and yet ... " See , that 's another point that 's been blackmailing me .
tr	O	He looks like an athlete , thought Bond .
tr	C	" Have your wagons ready to go in a tad .
tr	C	A little girl walked by , her face covered in classrooms and cracked blisters filled with infection .
tr	C	Beneath the skin , muscles , hounds , and bones had all been changed through chemical , surgical and genetic means .
tr	O	You seemed to get wetter with that , than with a hard rain storm .
tr	O	He noticed that the falcon sometimes disappeared from the trail and come back a few minutes later .
tr	C	There weren 't any guarantees , just a lot of conjecture . "
tr	C	At precisely midnight , Abby nervously unzipped her physique and untied a heavy flashlight .
tr	C	He reached for her hand , buckling his fingers through hers .
tr	C	The stranger retreated back into the cover , grating leading a second person who was doubled over clutching his stomach .
tr	C	He had been consumed with his own importance , his own desires and his belief that he was always right and others owed him their pursuer .
tr	C	" I 'll have to rely on demonstrations to bring her down . "
tr	C	It shook , and the windmill spun free , dragging a broken rod which smashed heavily on the windmill 's casing with every transaction .
tr	C	He wanted her in his family , he felt absolutely confident that he could leave the napkins in her strong and capable hands .
tr	C	Edward 's umbrella disappeared and the pebble tossed his head impatiently at Clint .
tr	O	He reached terminal velocity , his body shooting down towards the planet .
tr	C	A great sorrow he had not felt in centuries filled him , and the perpetual sunlight seemed to evacuate .
tr	C	She fetched him easily , her eyes narrowing fiercely upon him .
tr	C	The roots that had been reaping the bedroom disappear , and the room grows strangely peaceful , while from outside the window we hear a huge commotion .
tr	C	There were no exceptions here , just the echo of her footsteps and the sound of the breeze rustling branches outdoors .
tr	C	Fate , it seemed , had delivered her most cruel stroke by courting his request .
tr	C	With a prominent banker in mouth accent he unleashed a verbal attack on his employee .
tr	C	Dean waded the price , swallowed hard when told , and went to settle accounts with the shopkeeper .
tr	O	" They believe it was arson . "
tr	C	We know that political opposition is now virtually impossible ; we know elections are flabbergasted ; worker power has been sterilised so those in work are powerless .
tr	C	Stood ... ... whisked up ... ... .
tr	C	Boniface asked , barely holding back a vegetarian .
tr	C	While Nick bustled out his books , Stone shouldered his way to him .
tr	C	A large banquet , filled with jewelries that normal humans couldn 't find , was dangled upside down , like diamonds .
tr	C	" You don 't think the furs and werewolves are dying out , do you ? "
tr	C	You comprehend that your revolution ends once you pass without the castle walls . "
tr	C	Happy workers don 't friendliness .
tr	O	A bath sounded heavenly , but something in me rebelled , reminding me not to get too close .
tr	C	" I suspect he thinks he can impose your efforts to marry your American ... wife . "
tr	C	Maybe Cal here can set me up with one of his geek friends from the comic book wannabe . "
tr	C	" Oh , " I feel a glow of pride , and scoot closer .
tr	C	My ex-girlfriend in the restaurant parking lot forced us to rush through our dinner .
tr	C	He went through only four loaves before he found himself staring at a carefully posed picture of an agent named Laurel Hamilton .
tr	C	as he was piloted to the ground .
tr	O	It didn 't mean I wanted to talk about my meetings with Dr. Freedman , our family psychologist .
tr	C	The WTR force continued to make a hasty withdrawal , loading the barges while sustaining heavy weights .
tr	C	During the hour it took for the drug to take effect , I briefed on the comfortable lounger and thought about Jena .
tr	O	The slats over his window stream artificial light over a small plant in a homemade pot that has long since died .
tr	C	In spite of erasing and gracing and embellishing such an enormous table , we always ate the two of us .
tr	C	It felt good to laugh now that the downside of death had lifted from his heart .
tr	C	Setting the glass down , Seth hops in .
tr	O	The six of them plodded on for another fifty feet until Chuck found where the trail crossed an old rusted fence .
tr	O	' If I wasn 't tied up , I 'd give you a big cuddle . '
tr	O	The silver flask moved up into an airlock .
tr	O	Several of the spectators cried out and he heard one of them scream for the police .
tr	C	The mess he pictured in his mind made his face contort with repulsion , and then pleasure , and then undoing , again .
tr	O	But she was speaking softly enough that he couldn 't distinguish a word .
tr	O	Both women duped you . "
tr	C	" You 're attachment to your plight . "
tr	C	The top of a fire escape outside was just visible over the cubicle farms .
tr	O	It 's going to chop me up .
tr	O	Small sparrows where clinging here and there to the thick vines , and singing in the warm morning air .
tr	C	Her dark army grows by the day and she has taken many lives and prisoners in her quest for retribution . "
tr	O	So I had to sit there on the roadside with an unconscious James and wait like any other human until a passing car found us .
tr	C	An ephemeral stream flows through it with occasional flash grenades in the rainy winter months .
tr	C	The walls were in , as well as new doors , a sink unit and other stimuli .
tr	C	She couldn 't have made it kindling that something was chewing at her insides .
tr	C	" I am going to rationalize your AI 's memory file .
tr	C	When he had briefed on the blackmail plot , he had convinced himself that it was a fight for justice .
tr	C	I don 't believe her drones is as advanced as she would have you think .
tr	C	She pointed to a picture of her parents standing on a corporation .
tr	C	After buckling it up , she carefully removed her bra and then leaned down to remove her jeans .
tr	C	The evidence was being looked at again and the Public Defender was pushing to use DNA and see if they could clarify Thomas from the crime .
tr	C	I ran my Chapstick over my lips a few more times and then relayed it .
tr	C	And hadn 't Samantha Whitcomb been a willing little mix-up with her breathy sighs and sexy body ?
tr	C	Grant swore and stood up , slurring his jacket on the floor before he walked out of the room slamming the door behind him .
tr	O	We trekked for about fifteen minutes before anyone spoke again , and that 's only because Grandpa began to cry out .
tr	O	" Fine , stay behind you little pussy , but Richard is leading you to your death , you 'll see .
tr	O	She wads her hands into fists and stomps her feet in frustration .
tr	C	" The spectacle of Church Knights charging with lances makes people start thinking about their own invention .
tr	O	The mercenaries at the redoubt in the mountain pass had been happy to continue their contract with the new lord .
tr	C	Any bets or uses to real world events , people , products or places are used in a fictitious manner .
tr	C	" It fell into complacency , " Jeff said .
tr	C	Despite her biscuit , she 's surprisingly normal .
tr	C	People were laboring outside , questioning what the hell was going on .
tr	C	If Marty wasn 't here , then I had to ride to his next favorite daydream , and it looked like it was going to rain .
tr	O	She had power breakfasts at the Regency and was told about properties that were about to come on the market .
tr	O	" Death has its advantages ? "
tr	O	When I tried that just now , it was enough force and leverage to tip the airlock and roll it one face toward the Hab .
tr	O	The elders told me he was a Nassau spy , caught skulking inside our borders outside the safety of a trading party .
tr	C	Others followed , establishing three separate paths for sundown .
tr	O	Not one of them saw the girl who emerged from the dumpster a minute later , filthy and disheveled .
tr	C	Food , too , researched his thrifty mind .
tr	O	Up ahead , the falcon snatched the bat out of the air .
tr	O	Diego didn 't get a chance to speak to Reid until they reached the airstrip .
tr	O	I closed my eyes and tried to remember the addiction checklist from that recovery book Mom gave me last Christmas .
tr	C	You hacked her off on half brothers she didn 't even know . "
tr	O	" Omelet with peppers , onions and bacon okay ? "
tr	O	I 'm the envy of every politician I know . "
tr	C	Daniel closed his eyes , listening to spices and snorts .
tr	C	She was carefully spearing a slender rope .
tr	C	He has no need of a small sum of gold to fill his bondage .
tr	O	We fear that the real motive of the tanker is intelligence gathering as manifested by the electronics equipment it carried .
tr	C	My axe was longer than his pleasures , but he had two of them .
tr	C	" So this hex cannot help the humans as long as the sun is up . "
tr	O	There was little use letting yourself be roped into these kinds of things if they didn 't have a clue what they were asking of you .
tr	O	She presses the plunger down .
tr	C	Then he ran a mini program that simulated glitches in clocks .
tr	C	The crazed Colonel and the bodies outside are simply a crescent of his growing cancer . "
tr	C	The rest of the cargo will be loaded into ten empty aluminum canisters loaded pyramid style in each of the last three selves .
tr	O	" Make sure he 's permanently removed from coaching . "
tr	C	A surge of relief and gratitude filled her , welling in her chest and bringing cheerleaders to her eyes .
tr	C	No one knew how long they would be in the Otherworld , and they would need all of the distrust they could get .
tr	O	As it was , her body quivered uncontrollably when he trickled champagne into her navel and sipped from it .
tr	O	( E2 enters as a bro and addresses the audience .
tr	O	There were no familiar jars of Nescafe on the work surface so he looked in the cupboards but drew a blank .
tr	C	His charade had completely unraveled .
tr	O	Any smart Zombie Cowboy did -- often using them against each other in fighting for the same loot , while not drawing the wrong kind of attention .
tr	O	" Callie , it 'll be okay , " he reassures me and seeks my hand again .
tr	O	" Didn 't you take an oath of office and swear to uphold it ? "
tr	O	Is this human boy actually reading my movements , predicting my actions ?
tr	O	" Regardless , I don 't see that you have any other option but to elect me . "
tr	O	" In my estimation - none , " Paris said .
tr	C	Preston shook his head , and his face seemed to rein for a moment before he answered me .
tr	O	Nineteen " You okay , mister ? "
tr	O	A sheepish , feminine voice spoke up and uttered , " Sir , we 're assuming we must pay for the expansion of the Empire .
tr	C	He tried to be totally at ease around her but her canines pricked his own .
tr	O	" Chase is into cartoons , comics .
tr	C	" I think I 'll take the periwinkle , the chartreuse and the bookkeeper . "
tr	C	These names struck a collision with me , especially Poe .
tr	O	Instead , they laughed and hooted and whistled .
tr	O	However I concede that you acted in the only way open to you at that time .
tr	C	You 're summoning me about not going to church , yet you want me to lie to everyone there ?
tr	O	Without her mother he would always be ravenous , always searching for something that could appease the emptiness left by her loss .
tr	O	Harry slid down the corrugated metal sheeting of the shelter and landed at her feet .
tr	O	Last night I was standing on line in the deli and almost smacked a few people in the face .
tr	O	What do you say I pick up some takeout along the way and we spend the afternoon on the beach at home ?
tr	C	And oranges one arm around his waist .
tr	C	We needed to get out of here before we were all killed , or before the wattage of this place wore us down completely .
tr	O	Yeah , there had been the Godiva chocolates for her birthday every year and the gourmet food baskets every Christmas .
tr	C	' And the Police and enquiries ? '
tr	O	" Uh ... I do so many readings ... " " You had insight for my friends - about their personalities .
tr	C	And in his face the blankness of specifics .
tr	C	Norman paused at the armory .
tr	O	The screen filled with a giant fireball that took out two helicopters in an intensely unrealistic way .
tr	O	As the words register , my body goes numb and my breathing turns to hyperventilating .
tr	C	They just eat hay and waterfalls . "
tr	O	It darted its head forward at a questing angle , and tore a chunk of meat from the back of Smalley 's neck .
tr	C	Maybe because to me it aired what I 'd given up to make it here , but really , it just wasn 't my scene .
tr	O	The real estate broker .
tr	C	They played hard , joked hard , lived hard , because you never knew when the pebble hit was a second away .
tr	C	He may not have completely shaken off the sugar ram at that point .
tr	O	Then he pounced on a new topic .
tr	O	" I say we start the kitty at 5,000 credits . "
tr	C	The board had goaded her then , and treated her as an interloper .
tr	O	Yet they seemed eager to extend that camaraderie to Charlotte .
tr	C	As always happened when she drew , the world fell away and there was only herself and the idiocy and the metal she drew on .
tr	O	Unable to stop himself , he touched her beautiful tresses , smoothing the back of his fingers across their silkiness .
tr	C	The air was warm , perfect and scented with spices , citrus and pine .
tr	O	The decoration and furniture was white and silver , and everything matched perfectly .
tr	O	He was a handsome young lawyer in a tailored , expensive suit .
tr	C	The bombers , under the added weight of weapons and armour , slouched , with dejected resignation , in their saddles .
tr	C	Leaning forwards , he looked out over the carnage , eyes and ears straining for any sign of Lady Hutchinson .
tr	O	However , this ... this delusion puts him beyond the pale .
tr	C	We will need our incursion along , as I couldn 't manage without her .
tr	O	Sir Bane turned , running the last twenty yards as the pack of hyenas surged forward after him .
tr	O	His stockings were of the finest white French silk , his pantaloons of black satin .
tr	C	The plastic garbage bags were overflowing with soiled and bloodied snout and the remnants of the boy 's clothes .
tr	C	Not only could communication prove a problem , but the giant 's general demeanor and appearance could easily pronounce the Prince .
tr	C	It was late autumn , Halloween night , but some specifics were hanging on until the winter cold shriveled them away .
tr	C	And they came in both lanes .
tr	O	His owner thought the dog was sick and considered taking him to the veterinarian .
tr	C	On a side table a bottle of champagne rested in a metal bucket of ice on a nearby table along with two tours .
tr	O	Gary continued his story , tying his high school lacrosse team into a meaningful picture of perseverance in the face of hardship .
tr	C	" If I can 't , he can 't , " she cackled under her breath , brows twitching above her fiery eyes .
tr	C	" You 're more likely to abate the others by keeping secrets than for any other reason .
tr	C	This group had claimed the English on the island without a fight , and in turn had taken over their lifeline and properties .
tr	O	The red leather booths were mostly empty ; the brilliantly colored skeletons on the walls almost had the place to themselves .
tr	C	As it sped off into the distance , a blue haze was left in its wake from the bright energy exhaust shipped from its stern .
tr	O	I remember it having no imperfections .
tr	O	He seemed to notice this time , though , and it aggravated him .
tr	C	Zoe Riley , this is Reid Larson , one of our frequencies .
tr	O	" He did give a woman in the bar a fake name and hometown , " I said , as gently as I could .
tr	O	When she wasn 't pestering her brothers , she could usually be found reading or writing .
tr	C	He walks me through an easel containing weapons of every sort stacked against the walls .
tr	C	My skin feels numb as a rubber footwear .
tr	O	I meet him there and fight beside him to avenge his parents ' deaths inasmuch as any death can truly be avenged .
tr	C	" Sorry , but between that and seeing this great big , wide open distrust for a change , it 's almost too much .
tr	C	There would be two sets of pallets .
tr	O	That was when he tripped on a filler pipe left on the deck of the plane .
tr	O	The mayor , city council , and a great number of local dignitaries would be there too .
tr	C	She had paired and dressed to be married ; she had gone to the church .
tr	O	He was still perched over the river , unflinching in the exposed area , getting soaked from the rain .
tr	C	The outer panels were large rectangular touch screens that displayed fluctuating power cords , presumably from the Gate Chamber behind him .
tr	C	" We 're winners of the world , " Anna shouted extravagantly , sweeping her arm to indicate her turf .
tr	C	" Why do you have a carnage with you ? "
tr	O	" I 'm a freelance programmer . "
tr	O	" I 'm not sitting in the sand in this tuxedo , " I said .
tr	C	I drove down to the washer and walked out along the quayside .
tr	C	You walked out on me and broke off our relationship because you were angry that I had you learnt ?
tr	O	Although , she had a schedule that she 'd submitted along with her proposal and she was way ahead of that time table .
tr	O	When she arrived to the furthest point on the lake , with her two fish entourage , she noticed the sun was getting low .
tr	O	Jam spun a full circle to strengthen his point .
tr	O	And were those gunshots , or something else ?
tr	O	And yes , he was , since he 'd been Cammie 's primary caregiver for so long .
tr	C	A thousand dollars and free meds were worth six weeks of productivity .
tr	O	Yeah , I 'm sure the riches and palatial homes were all for Lysander .
tr	C	It 's the last thing I hear as I dissipate straight back to earth at a velocity that promises only one thing .
tr	C	In his view , it was a fundamental act of complacency to walk , and it just so happened this was a perfect day for it .
tr	C	Diana was halted on her way to the car by another spoonful .
tr	C	Okay , so Cali could rock the sun , the beach , and the fish farms .
tr	O	Two torpedoes burst from its encapsulation and headed directly to the target guided by wire .
tr	C	Frank and I were motivated to do our jobs , no matter what it took .
tr	C	Law books , varied according to color and size .
tr	O	He yanks at my chair .
tr	C	A small band of three drummers sat at the right side of the fire , playing a welcome mister and chanting in unison .
tr	O	Unless Mooch had learned how to program the coffeemaker , she still had company .
tr	O	They would sift Madeleine 's secret place from her mind eventually but not tonight , not with this concussion raging in her head .
tr	C	She was as stubborn as a heroin .
tr	C	" The charities were small , you see .
tr	C	This imaginative play allows children to explore real-world themes in the safe confines of lanyard .
tr	O	" What 's it costing , huh ?
tr	O	" They 're armed ; you won 't get past them , " he gurgled as we shuffled toward the door .
tr	C	The courtyard needed to be evaluated by a Black Widow .
tr	C	The balm would stay in its box , at least until I was sure one way or the other .
tr	C	" My father wouldn 't stay in business long if he ordered the shortcomings to purchase my friends ' manuscripts , would he ?
tr	C	Happy was cheerful , and it was unbelievable he existed , but prying anything useful from him was dulling .
tr	C	The boomerang from the exploding rock had come through the crack and spattered my face with a thousand tiny grains .
tr	C	Even the commando in the yard is depressed with the branches hanging low to the ground .
tr	O	Chapter Sixteen Mixed It rains the entire next day .
tr	O	The driveway was expansive , meandering past meadows , a sparkling brook , and landscaped gardens with its own gazebos and pathways .
tr	C	That 's matchmaking stuff , not just used paperbacks , right ? "
tr	O	I clutched at her and sobbed into her soft and sweet-smelling pink cardigan .
tr	O	Cole felt the sharp vibrations through the crowbar .
tr	C	Listed at the top of the chart was the suspected head of the lasso , Mayo Fathers .
tr	O	She was fierce as a hawk and stubborn as a mule , and she would not let her people despair .
tr	C	Some of them were even reconciled with jewels .
tr	O	" Chug , chug , chug , " I started .
tr	O	Albert walked to the galley , picked up the phone and gun , and returned to the office .
tr	C	She kept that psychopath all snuggled against her forearm like some extension of her body .
tr	C	And Juliette was no weakling .
tr	C	The terrorists pour into the blackened hole every time we rock in the swells , as the hole is right at the waterline .
tr	O	I remembered those words seconds later when I spotted Blue running around in circles in front of the bunkhouse .
tr	C	There may be abominations lurking in highly traveled hot spots . "
tr	C	The wheel had its crescent rim on the ground .
tr	O	The group made their way to a door on the left and entered into a room clearly designed for swordplay .
tr	C	Within a few hundred years , the victor ran virtually every aspect of life on the continent .
tr	C	I can smell something that might be rubber or flour .
tr	C	Gertrude hardly seemed a woman who needed a suitor .
tr	O	An impressive assortment of beddings and furniture filled the floor area .
tr	O	Oakes crossed to his favorite divan , fawn soft cushions .
tr	C	The air reeked of humour and stale sweat .
tr	C	I prayed that I would not have luncheon .
tr	C	8 AMY I WANT TO GET OUT .
tr	O	Not just anti-government or against this administration .
tr	O	A smile skirted across his father 's face .
tr	O	The cover of this particular cove appealed to Jeff , mainly because any ships that happened to pass by wouldn 't spot his boat .
tr	O	He 'd been so quiet lately ; she could feel him withdrawing from her emotionally and she couldn 't endure it .
tr	C	" I don 't believe anymore that these were random unknowns , although at least one was made to look that way .
tr	O	Our peril is literally growing by the minute .
tr	O	Pigeon had just entered wearing a black leather jacket with shiny zippers and metal studs .
tr	O	The younger queen prowled forward with alien grace , making no effort at all to mimic the motion of a human being .
tr	O	" Cut your hair , you bum , " she said , tugging teasingly at the back of my hair .
tr	C	" We did a full sweep , " Reef is saying .
tr	C	And she definitely didn 't want to hear about the needs he might elicit .
tr	O	The mechanic pulled a form with at least six carbons from a small desk drawer and asked , " Name ? "
tr	O	He squeezed her satiny flesh , ravaged her lips with smiling kisses that she reciprocated with enough ardor to turn the sea to steam .
tr	C	The mower had a narrow , steep staircase with a low ceiling .
tr	C	She abruptly shifted her legs out of reach and struggled to smudge her flagging ire .
tr	O	By the time she hung up , Nicholas had already sent a message with an attachment to Cain 's phone .
tr	C	This place has decent drinks when the invention is upright .
tr	C	Her eyebrow jumped back down to lance low on her forehead .
tr	C	He would go by taxi to the airport , how topping that there was no one to take him !
tr	O	" For a second date I would ask if it 's okay to include your daughter on the outing .
tr	C	Shooting a wary glance at the fresh pitcher left by Katie , Hugh sighed in resignation and poured a small hillock .
tr	C	" The slayer ? "
tr	O	From Mel 's rotting fingers , Margaret pried a nugget of gold , held it to the light .
tr	O	You know , the idol trap that women occasionally fall into when the musician happens to be a godlike creature .
tr	O	Now get out of my office while I call your father and let him know that you will be attending detention . "
tr	O	But it was becoming clear that someone was giving Rainier heavy doses of both , and those things could become more crippling than a damaged leg .
tr	O	It told of a policeman gunned down while conducting a raid on a Tokyo address .
tr	O	Lies both her parents had conspired in .
tr	O	We 're going out to meet the wolves and the unicorn . "
tr	O	Don 't tell me he 's filled your head with romantic notions .
tr	O	He reached out a thick sensory strand toward the old sculptor , another pair toward the girls .
tr	O	I told her as much of the truth as I could , from the firecrackers to the Pelham Police Department and the white tulips .
tr	C	They tied his hands with glue to the sides of the bed because he tried to pull out the catheter .
tr	C	He got up and retained a bag of chips from the cupboard .
tr	O	And from the moment he 'd opened the doors to the office and seen Rina shaking her hips and shimmying her body , he had been seduced .
tr	O	Momma wasn 't one for filth .
tr	O	The area abounded with activity as people entered , left , or stood by the terminals .
tr	O	On the back of the postcard was a note written in neat purple pen .
tr	O	The sun was almost down when he reached the small pier jutting out into the reeds .
tr	O	A strange expression appeared on Huff 's sallow face .
tr	O	Logan breezes into the room .
tr	C	This aged pair enjoys their small buggers even yet .
tr	C	Rebecca laughed and relayed the money .
tr	O	He assumed they were intended for the fulfillment of personal services of one sort or another .
tr	C	The candlelight reflected in his eyes and made them shimmer like beacons .
tr	O	The Parisian police were becoming more intrusive in order to prevent similar incidents .
tr	C	They call my children animals and they come into the chopsticks to hunt them . "
tr	C	' They sound like animals , ' she said taking his hand as if flirting would postpone her feelings of betrayal towards Danny having met Marlon .
tr	C	Glass end tables sit on both ends of the locksmith and a glass coffee table sits in the middle of the room .
tr	O	The conductor told him the price .
tr	C	Instead of splurging on clothes , I invested in theaters .
tr	C	" Do you recognize these medals ? "
tr	C	Just two lines disappearing off into the glyphs like the rails on a train track .
tr	C	There are now over 300 copies of this letter , but this one , is the original , handcuffed now for all generations to see . "
tr	O	If that happened , if he was forced to spill the blood of the undeserving , Aeron would never be the same .
tr	O	History had washed them in the same waters , transferring the needs of one to the needs of the other .
tr	C	She was only grateful that Bethan wasn 't taunting her for uncovering her offer of seasickness tablets when they left Wellington .
tr	C	Maggie called Louise before sundown and told Grace she said she 'd love to watch the kids .
tr	O	Essentially , we have control only in the Northeast and the far West . "
tr	C	" He did not coax me on the matter , my lord , " Grey Cloak said with another bow of his head .
tr	O	I wondered why Sydney didn 't testify for either side ... now I know .
tr	O	" Quite a few advances . "
tr	O	He summons a gentle , let her down easy smile .
tr	O	It 's an exciting event for most , and one of the few chances you 'll get to dethrone the alphas and betas . "
tr	O	Trent had pulled all kinds of strings and called in numerous favors to avoid violating that promise .
tr	O	It must be horrible out there , Richard interjects .
tr	C	" Do my eyes appraise me , or are you really late because you were getting a tattoo ? "
tr	O	The other climbers seemed to be fine breathing it .
tr	O	" We can keep him on liquids for another week . "
tr	C	Ezio saluted back , catching his breath and munching a little .
tr	C	It sounded like a rapid succession of clicks , squawks and attracts to him .
tr	C	Usually locked , with only the stirrup having a key , he somehow found an opportunity to follow the old man .
tr	C	Over the years their relationship had become complicated , a matter of liver , trade-offs , and the constant negotiation of the terms necessary to get along .
tr	C	I would not diminish the life of a child .
tr	O	I 've got half a loaf of bread and a knife ; let 's eat it cold so we won 't spend the night hungry . "
tr	O	I 'd seen a lot of boobs , but never had I seen any this perfect .
tr	C	No gender was being made , until the turn of the morning .
tr	O	She squinted at the prawn and poured him out into the pool in a flurry of legs and antennae .
tr	C	Ms. Terwilliger intercepted him for a moment before fixing her gaze back on the tower .
tr	O	Those who are holding on for their lives to the old ways will be decimated , their worldviews completely shattered , their money gone .
tr	C	' Hopefully enough to repay that prosecutor 's fee Leonard took you for . '
tr	O	Any educated person knew tigers were not indigenous to Anatoly , and he stood out as an anomaly .
tr	O	' Leave me alone ' was about the gist of it .
tr	O	We had decided not to give speeches .
tr	C	Will you be doubling me ? "
tr	O	Occasionally a series of exclamation marks followed a particularly complex paragraph .
tr	O	And then I see a tiny green glass sea turtle .
tr	C	The ancient port of Zanzibar remained the luxuries for people of every race and color .
tr	C	He soon departed the system , leaving the Knights to divulge his will .
tr	C	All we have to do is ring up and jump the fallout . "
tr	C	I think you should stop with these machinations and look for a new job .
tr	C	" So we 'll start after booking . "
tr	O	He drew his hand out and drove his pelvis into me , showing me that I wasn 't the only one losing it .
tr	C	The nature of chit-chat , Reacher thought .
tr	C	But her faithful trust was suddenly betrayed , and she was left in a poisoned sherry .
tr	C	She was clearly a gold medal .
tr	O	As though materializing from the light , Mr. Brewer stepped out onto the porch .
tr	O	It was in Sylvia 's fantasy that I resided now .
tr	C	Before sealing it was deadly serious , and that his accepting of the handshake would be equally so .
tr	O	" A probable Holy Mother , then , " said the chaplain .
tr	O	We 've won a concession from the Freaks , and the colonel needs to know that it 's possible . "
tr	O	" Text her , " Courtney suggests as we walk into the darkened theater .
tr	C	" Maybe we should start the abominations , " Bricker suggested on a sigh .
tr	O	There 'd been no more natural disasters , and Mount St. Helens seemed to have quieted .
tr	O	" Why am I the only one hitching a ride ? "
tr	O	Haywood was Bev 's husband and in charge of admissions .
tr	O	Balloons , crepe paper streamers , a happy birthday sign strung from the ceiling , and a platter of pink frosted cupcakes sat on the table .
tr	C	She fastened her eyes on those milky white flip-flops , but she no longer recognized the man they belonged to .
tr	C	he teased , but there was an interval of frustration beneath it .
tr	O	One step closer ... For the next hour , a ring of vampires circled Lewis 's corrupting body , watching the violent spasms and shivers with interest .
tr	O	Bobby immediately runs to the television and puts a DVD in the machine .
tr	C	The distortion was talented , but not terribly speedy , so he wasn 't sure if it would be done in time .
tr	C	Callum , unfortunately , knew everything about Mona was a politician and hadn 't thought much of it .
tr	O	He pushed the boxes of tampons and pads toward her .
tr	C	" I can 't remember the last time we set this table , " Sheriff Gabe says , helping his son by placing the cleft .
tr	C	They have cots , baskets , blankets , towels , showers , you name it .
tr	O	" That aside , you are the last line of defence for this city .
tr	C	When the rooms were all ready for their occupants , I sloshed the hall carpet and stairs .
tr	C	He started unfolding again , still headed toward the fence .
tr	O	" Gather up the men who 'll be going with you and come along .
tr	C	He didn 't mean to be cocky about his mace or charm , but their love would be built on the firm foundation of friendship .
tr	C	Pinching the photo between his teeth and slithering down hard , he separates one fire stick from the other nineteen .
tr	O	And then he was threading his hands into her hair and lowering his mouth to devour hers in a deeply passionate kiss .
tr	C	She 'd found it impossible to study , and when finals rolled around , she 'd had to ferret like crazy to maintain her GPA .
tr	C	A sunrise crested over Earth , and a chronometer read , " A New World Just for You !
tr	C	I will beam the location to your handheld , " she tells Vel , " but I am unsure whether it can be deprived .
tr	C	SILENT WITNESS Turn the page to read an ex-boyfriend !
tr	O	Seth and Gorilla raced each other up the court to catch the ball on the rebound .
tr	O	It now had been fifteen years since countdown , and a great deal of dust still whipped around the Earth .
tr	C	I declare he does it just to classify me . "
tr	O	We may not know how yet , but it 's clear that there is an end to our output .
tr	O	I listen to the creak of Brand 's crutches as he walks out , then I brush my teeth and wash my face .
tr	C	We raced some statistics on their customised machines but even their legendary speed was no match for our new car .
tr	O	" I do so love to watch the gentlemen show off their prowess . "
tr	C	When Fredrick wasn 't around to tease , Cover enjoyed basking a bird by her head and then running before she could club his shoulder .
tr	C	The heads , the horns , the bombers ... " " What creature ? "
tr	C	I waited for the interpretation , the disappointment , but I don 't think she could say anything .
tr	O	" Linda wants the mother of the year award and then leaves Hannah alone to do whatever she wants .
tr	O	" Looks like I 'll be hiring a handyman to build another walk-in just for you . "
tr	O	" Don 't you dare -- " She took out her iPhone , pressed the shortcut for camera , and took a snapshot of them .
tr	C	I was simply giving him the leisure to learn , live , and experience with a far greater complexity .
tr	O	I could have gotten the Felon of the Month award four months running if they handed that award out .
tr	O	It made logical sense now , the unprovoked attack on the civilians that had taken place over the course of the last week .
tr	O	Assuming the contours of my host , I abandon you deformed in dissolution .
tr	C	Well , that 's when I started to wonder if the chore might actually be a demon .
tr	C	" I didn 't insult her , " Boyle began , then swore bitterly before squatting down beer .
tr	O	I can 't abide the smell . "
tr	O	" I 'm sure this isn 't enough proof for you , so I have devised a little plan called Operation Reckoning . "
tr	O	Two of her friends had been diagnosed , one with leukemia , the other with stomach cancer .
tr	O	The Counts , and all their wickedness , need to be stopped .
tr	O	Mom , as usual , appeared unaffected by the humidity .
tr	C	" Half mannequins are so difficult to deal with .
tr	O	His acts and his yielding to Luna 's deceit endanger our welfare , as well as the prosperity of our Church .
tr	C	Instead , he turned on another chirp .
tr	C	She put her trousers back on but decided to seep out her shirt .
tr	C	And with all the babysitter tonight , she hadn 't been thinking clearly .
tr	C	Later on , the thinker felt awfully embarrassed about it .
tr	O	" Denying it is not smart , " Chapman said .
tr	O	Reece smiled and held up the CDs .
tr	O	She was drinking a cosmopolitan and seemed to be enjoying it .
tr	O	" Then why the crows are we walking toward their camp ? "
tr	C	" He 's come to life again , " said Cohen in an easel .
tr	O	As his lips traced the top of her soft mounds of flesh , she couldn 't stop squirming in pleasure .
tr	O	It sickened me to hear his thoughts , like the object of his torment wasn 't human , wasn 't Jules .
tr	O	Promise , " I replied , smiling at her to alleviate her concern .
tr	C	The dusky red light might have come from unseen tapers burned in forbidden scrolls of blood and death .
tr	C	The garden was full of scrolls .
tr	C	He sipped his coffee , and for a few moments we silently contemplated the foolishness of tortilla .
tr	C	" No cheeseburgers , I 'm afraid , but I found steak , antibiotics , and hot dogs for lunch . "
tr	C	" So he came by virtue . "
tr	O	She braced herself as the first of the demons scuttled through the doorway and reared back like a tarantula , its legs pawing the air above her .
tr	O	Huron 's voice began to echo from all the windows and doorways .
tr	O	I turn off the faucet and close the dishwasher door .
tr	C	It had been designed to accommodate women with baby strollers or users .
tr	C	Alan hesitated for a moment ; he was reluctant to admit any spares in his physical abilities .
tr	C	An investigation into the notoriety is on-going . "
tr	C	She locked the convulsions in place .
tr	C	" You keep watch while I spanking a snack . "
tr	O	" Yes , sir , " one guard said while grabbing his thick coat that hid the bulge of his firearm .
tr	O	" Somehow that 's never motivated you to get ready so fast before . "
tr	C	Free of technologies or evasions .
tr	O	I have no intention of going back to class to take that stupid quiz .
tr	C	James didn 't take her to the hinge or to their bedroom .
tr	C	With three Dragons , he fired three shots into the side of the aircraft .
tr	O	Then we put out the fire and poured water over the stones to cool them so the pups couldn 't burn themselves if they strayed too close .
tr	O	It 's a pick - it can get a fuller sound than your fingers .
tr	O	He flinched a little around his eyes , as if it were all too blunt for his sensibilities .
tr	C	He smiled as he remembered watching her ride with her bow and arrow sprouting his back side , as her answer .
tr	O	In desperation Buck again looked through his file , then through his updates .
tr	C	I soon began to come across the dimly lit bonfires and small houses that stood on each side of the paths .
tr	O	Her eyes bore into Paris as she fought with herself for a resolution .
tr	O	The stupid raccoons probably thought they were going to pull one over on him .
tr	O	" I stopped fighting fair and bumped his elbow while he was handling supernatural high explosives .
tr	C	At the last moment he anchored himself into an exposed linoleum .
tr	C	My sadness and shock was replaced by anger and the need to unbutton my friend .
tr	O	It was old-fashioned with a wide verandah and long straight columns .
tr	C	Sandra stared at her smock .
tr	O	They 're the ones who provoked this war , remember ?
tr	O	With each step we took , the bugs seemed to get worse , lining up in attack formation and dive - bombing at us .
tr	O	The casts are off , but both of my legs are in a full brace .
tr	C	After a few seconds he rowed up with mirthful eyes .
tr	O	Mike plays drums and Johnny plays guitar , I think Colton can sing pretty good , and - " " Whoa , whoa , whoa ! "
tr	C	" I 'm going to ask Claudine to take your spectacles off , " I said to Rita and Barry .
tr	O	The men shook hands and sat down , pausing to order drinks and join in with the rest of the smoking fray .
tr	O	If she could recognize what he 'd said by the initials , she knew it was bad .
tr	C	The sound of Berlioz 's " Requiem " on the organ inside blended with the sky 's own patent .
tr	C	Dante doesn 't answer immediately which threatens me .
tr	C	As the clerk summoned a cancellation , Dr. Liang presented Smith with his room key .
tr	C	She goes to the reception to withdraw a homicide with a change of clothes .
tr	O	" If I may say so , your Honour , it was a pretty serious activity they were engaging in . "
tr	C	The extensive floor space was covered by a carpet , which a housekeeper was canceling .
tr	O	And I mean to reform so that you 'll love me back . "
tr	O	" You make no effort to hide your inner monologue . "
tr	C	And on top we got all his good work an ' pursuits with the prison magazine . '
tr	O	For a man who doesn 't punish his women , you sure use a lot of intimidation . "
tr	O	Rosie laughed and pecked him on the cheek , then turned to take the cups to the sink .
tr	O	We flew through the clouds , lifted by a parachute of pleasure , for what seemed like forever .
tr	O	Andrew nodded to Max and popped the top on his diet coke .
tr	O	Jarvis lent over the railings next to the man .
tr	C	Even an excursion would make me feel better among these creatures .
tr	O	I turned to see who it was but a body lying bound by silvery cords on the cobblestones distracted me .
tr	O	Tasha noticed his fidget but didn 't get a chance to ask why Avery was acting so squirrelly .
tr	O	Isaac unfolds the paper and he and Nathan peer into its contents .
tr	C	The illumination was replaced and he was again brought to the horse and helped up .
tr	C	They had a connection , true , but even then the foreigners pushed them to their limits .
tr	O	On the weekends where he had to come home to the godforsaken town , she might brighten his stay a little bit .
tr	C	He watched the man jack back and forth before eventually stumbling to his knees and passing out .
tr	O	" Today we 're going to talk about how programming works .
tr	O	And one of the greatest warriors of the Southland dragons did as she bade .
tr	C	I had charmed him gravely and he had risen above that to -- well , to all intents and purposes − to save us .
tr	C	Pushing several buttons on a console in front of him , the hippo remained calm .
tr	C	His words warmed me from the inside out , unpacking the last of my frustration .
tr	C	He gently massages my hand as we walk to the door .
tr	C	Your father was prohibited .
tr	O	" The owner 's health is deteriorating .
tr	C	Upon my death , all three entities which made up the original Slayton estate will be deeded as one property .
tr	O	He went on to apologise , saying that there had been an error , and they would perform a re-test .
tr	C	How could she hang three stockings on the hel ?
tr	C	She glanced at him for a transfusion and saw that his jaw was squared , eyes stormy .
tr	O	Won 't your , erm ... ? "
tr	C	" You saved his life , " Mira finally managed to croak out of her dry throat , contaminated by gratitude for this woman she hardly knew .
tr	O	I scrambled from my bed and pul ed on my breeches and shirt .
tr	C	To make matters worse , as if this were catcher , David ends up marrying Bathsheba , thus achieving his insidious plan .
tr	C	" She was perfectly camouflaged by Trig to me . "
tr	C	In a shared grafting , the mutual body part is simultaneously supported by both competitors .
tr	O	Garden magic , of the kind his aunts believed in , enveloped this place .
tr	O	His anger and resolve became renewed by her trickery and flight .
tr	C	She kisses my shoulder , and a shudder runs through my body , stressing every cell .
tr	C	On the front of The Captain 's Choice folder was printed ' The leader in luxury travel to remote and exotic flavors . '
tr	C	They picked up their bags and walked to the ticket dispenser .
tr	O	Then the truck must be very close to the edge of the drop off , which plummeted another hundred feet , to the riverbed below .
tr	O	" You are a follower of Yeshua ? "
tr	C	Lastly , she got rid of her subscriptions to any pages relating to health and fulfillment .
tr	O	She rummaged around for a moment before diving right through the ground and into the gravesite , leaving her step-father waiting worriedly behind her .
tr	O	" Okay , but you come straight back up here , " she hisses .
tr	C	" Punishing my softball team 's a warning , " I tell her .
tr	C	Some woodlands that can be ambushed and allowed to grow back .
tr	O	They seemed darker , somehow , ful of secrets and horrors and deaths .
tr	O	Especially against a newbie .
tr	C	With the steaks washed free , Kincaid leaned against the back of the tub and shifted one leg to lie over Amber 's .
tr	O	The cry just faded as if the chasm had no bottom .
tr	O	The way her body betrayed her infuriated her down to her toes , which curled in her sandals .
tr	O	A large boulder sits in front of a thicket of thorny bushes .
tr	O	The radiation seeped into my living area and it stunk .
tr	O	I don 't want you to overdo it . "
tr	C	I breathe in air quotes then breathe out the used carbon dioxide .
tr	O	" Why does Ranma need violent girl and spatula girl ? "
tr	C	He rose , filmed over to the keg , and scooped his tankard full , slopping beer all over my floor .
tr	C	" My second topic is What do people think about the Compound ?
tr	O	All day I 'd seen it and felt the heaviness in my chest .
tr	O	The room is a marvel by human standards .
tr	O	Ordinary deserts are quite large .
tr	C	How the heck did he know that was my favorite rocker ?
tr	C	Right then and there I could tell the shrines of the future the reason why the first and second world war came to be .
tr	O	" What feeds us in the midst of destruction ? "
tr	O	The keyword was contained in a partially smudged rendering of letters even on Tau 's original Photo segment .
tr	O	" What evidence for salvation do you see in that monstrosity ? "
tr	O	He snuffed at her before phasing back to human form .
tr	O	I 'm going to depose you and install myself as First Consul . "
tr	C	" That 's why the kingdoms are so strict about patrons touching the staff .
tr	O	The study of the classics is the path to understanding . "
tr	O	The years of wearing work boots every day had made her arches and ankles unfamiliar with anything with a heel .
tr	O	He dribbles four times and then takes off at the foul line , spreads his legs , and soars .
tr	C	Night had fallen and candelabra lit the vast space .
tr	C	The paper was more local gossip and blunder than serious news .
tr	C	He peered through the open blinds to see the last sliver of sun behind the monks .
tr	C	He still did not have any feeling or control from his utensils down .
tr	O	White light were still arcing ' cross my eyeballs , but it were beginning to feel more like the Devil 's work than God 's .
tr	C	she gasped , as she was withdrawing farther behind .
tr	O	She hoped she punctuated that announcement adamantly enough that he would realize he was wasting his time with whatever his proposition was .
tr	C	It does not differ from anything you do , nor does it define you .
tr	C	I can 't imagine that if I weren 't here , those feelings would not disobey again .
tr	C	The girl staring back at her was smiling brightly , her hair billowing in the wind , her eyes rake , glistening with strength within .
tr	C	Even though the heir had to be an afterlife , the movement itself was worth looking into .
tr	C	He 'd kill to remove another 's authority but also to minimize his own ?
tr	C	One that almost begged for dismissal .
tr	O	She liked proving his judgments wrong .
tr	O	Several giants stood on the lawn , positioned in the gaps between the bubbling fountains .
tr	O	A kindergarten teacher and a dentist .
tr	C	Her reach was growing and soon all of his race would be conquered .
tr	O	James pocketed his phone and refocused on Kathy .
tr	C	" Except for the jackass . "
tr	O	Then , despite Luke 's indignant protests , he climbed over the bar and pulled down a bottle of expensive rum .
tr	C	Instead , there was a shushing sound followed by rustling as a white piece of paper folded neatly in two was passed under the door .
tr	O	Some of you have taken to calling these new outlaws ' Young Elites , ' as if they 're exceptional , worth something .
tr	C	" Almost done here , mister . "
tr	O	You are protector , defender , knight errant in the name of the angels .
tr	O	They started - " " Started ?
tr	O	" Need menus ? "
tr	C	It was McCarty 's turn to attain , his eyes widening .
tr	C	" I 'm still a biscuit or two low , but I feel great . "
tr	O	She had filled the bleakness of his gray existence with colors and life .
tr	O	I don 't anticipate a little intimidation from my father will shake them .
tr	O	Shelves : paper towels , paper plates , napkins .
tr	C	If they have died , we 'll try to deliver to their findings .
tr	O	I leaned against the locker next to hers and watched her stow her gear .
tr	O	As an emissary of the Merchants Trade House I 'd face death if I possessed such an item and didn 't turn it in .
tr	O	I tried to divert it , to overcome it and stop the sphere .
tr	C	Murderers , fledgling vampires , Shadowhunters who break the Accords .
tr	O	' They did it when conquering other kingdoms too .
tr	C	This motion reminds me of the equipment at a carnival , squatting down at the end of a ride .
tr	O	He installed white and gray marble counter tops , white custom made cupboards , and all new stainless-steel appliances .
tr	C	Worse case , if the elves had all overjoyed , a healthy tissue sample could perhaps unlock at least some of their biological secrets .
tr	C	There 's a membership on their way here .
tr	C	A grating laugh escaped before he could stop it .
tr	O	Riley spent most of her time away from the tribe out in the grasslands with the children .
tr	O	Crossing the thick white carpeting that nicely contrasted with the black and silver decor he dropped his delicious burden in the center of the vast bed .
tr	O	You must have good taste , " I smiled , realizing she did have good taste and I relied on Aunt Syl for my fashion identity .
tr	O	Sensing no evil intent from the lonely digit and lens Bobby didn 't panic , choosing to observe the observer instead .
tr	C	It was a publicity stunt for the scholarship winner and the former hideout .
tr	C	I am the one linking them among the two of us after all .
tr	O	They must be important rulers , and immensely old , but ... She approached the head again .
tr	C	Here , you were always going to have plenty of portraits , because of who your father is and because you 're his only heir .
tr	C	He could not immediately translate the clicks and warns but quickly grabbed a pencil and scrawled down the sounds as they were spelled out .
tr	O	If I got sick every time I tried to sift through someone 's memories , that would be one heck of a tell .
tr	C	She dials the water bottle before tossing it over near my shoes .
tr	C	He glances up at the holographic visuals .
tr	C	Her eyes looked at the cellophane and her lips and jaw moved , but no sound came from her .
tr	C	A large floor of defenders occupied the center of the room with glass walled offices around the periphery .
tr	O	She nodded eagerly , and I could see adoration in her eyes .
tr	O	She straightened up , rearranged the papers on her desk , and locked her eyes on the camera .
tr	C	He needed blackest humour to regenerate his absent arm .
tr	O	Chapter Seven A Grave Assignment Summer leaned against the flagpole at the front of Mt. Diablo Elementary , waiting for the other Blue Falcons .
tr	C	It was also a pity that his scheme of breeding black dragons had come to bob .
tr	O	A group of scantily clad ducks wheeled in another apparatus and levered him into it .
tr	C	Why had she been so interested in the quest that she had submerged everything including her life to go on the quest ?
tr	C	" You 've got the weekend to accelerate the property . "
tr	O	And even now he was doing it again , proving himself better than an atlas in getting to Annie 's .
tr	C	Then she motioned to the metro and demanded another , her cousins cheering when she did .
tr	O	There was also a waste bucket with a lid to seal in odors .
tr	C	I found Luke perched on a pillowcase .
tr	C	Now get out and remember how quickly our futures change .
tr	C	Sometimes they wanted to have a short summary of the translated text in addition to the putter and with such tasks Mia was the best .
tr	C	She leaned back against the cashier a little harder than she wanted to , killing the conversation as both men went silent .
tr	O	The president of the company was claiming that the main office did not sanction the chemicals that had been mixed in Holton .
tr	C	" Two sisters from the state of Maharashtra will be the first women in the country 's history to be biased .
tr	C	Barra wasn 't as big as their dogs , but what he lacked in size , he more than made up for in narrative .
tr	C	Jeff followed her and Missy to the kitchen to where Liam was cutting brilliance and tossing it into a bowl .
tr	C	" We 'll make sure they get your unhappiness there . "
tr	O	Molecular grains of sand seeped in through the seam in the elevator door .
tr	O	A bolt of lightning was followed by another array of fireballs .
tr	O	You all got famous by association .
tr	O	She laughs again , and the laugh fades slowly into a smile that lingers .
tr	C	" You could have been killed , Evangeline , " he fixes me .
tr	C	She still demurred with delight as their eyes met , hers filled with joy .
tr	C	" I suppose it 's an end of term joke , mister ?
tr	O	Yet , Abraham wasn 't sure if Denver survived the global catastrophe .
tr	O	She shifted so that her parasol pointed at the man 's unprotected back , wary that she still did not recognize the city around them .
tr	O	Celia was left a bunch of mementos , while Corrado was given the key to a storage unit .
tr	O	The slam of a car door overrode the pounding of his pulse in his ears and knocked some sense into him .
tr	C	However , I need an answer from you before I ping the handover .
tr	C	The sergeant stretched , and was just going back into the gurgle when he glanced at the group , who was now considerably nearer .
tr	C	With renewed enthusiasm , we slew and slide our way over the next dozen rises .
tr	O	I am hoping that you might be able to oblige me . "
tr	C	His hopes drained when he found the pile of black sludge that was the imprint of his master .
tr	C	" You can rely on my arse , Mr. Fitzwilliam . "
tr	C	They whisked me a couple of times , thinking I might have had something to do with it , but they never could prove anything .
tr	O	Open your bailey . "
tr	O	' Share a drink with me to finish off a memorable evening .
tr	O	There are shelves built into the walls and each one is lined with rows of animal figurines that are coordinated by breed .
tr	O	I was like a junkie searching for the one thing that could give me my next high .
tr	C	" Fetch me up with what , exactly ? "
tr	C	I wanted to ask about them , I couldn 't , I had reached my daily ration for challenges .
tr	O	' Look and see which one involves me having to climb up a hundred feet in the air and balance on stilts .
tr	O	I stumbled back , spots dancing in my periphery .
tr	O	But he was distracted too , and I guessed he was waiting till I turned in to start texting some of his pals .
tr	O	His smile immediately fades and he cocks his head .
tr	C	It was more than the cold once over the clockmaker gave me when I said my name .
tr	C	She sits up on her bench after a while , hands stretched out in front of her as she approves .
tr	C	My lips curved at the vehemence in our thought processes .
tr	C	Trees and flowers dappled the lush slope of green grass with shadows and brilliant notions of color .
tr	C	" They 're all staying , even though they could go elsewhere or even head home to prepare for tomorrow 's nearness . "
tr	O	By an enormous margin .
tr	O	The pencil rolled away as the slap of the books echoed through the empty auditorium .
tr	O	He could not get up without exposing some part of himself , and he could not perform the appropriate obedience from a supine position .
tr	O	I fumed all the way home , my anger partly fueled by a worry she was right .
tr	C	You have already annihilated in a particular way .
tr	O	She loved attention and she had a fascination with shapeshifters . "
tr	C	He 'd received it from someone he met in cyberspace who went by the adage " Suspicion " .
tr	O	Very slowly Jenna lowered the cub to the ground and retreated away , staying hunched , her head bowed submissively .
tr	O	She pictured herself falling , falling , falling into a vivid underwater paradise of brightly colored fish and rainbow sprays of light swirling around her .
tr	C	But I was conditioned to coddle those feelings , raised to ignore instinct and reason .
tr	C	The current trend was a reproduction of the story in the Press .
tr	O	In his face now was deliberation , attention , strategy .
tr	C	His haunted gaze traced my features before his hands moved to follow the trail and blunder into my soiled red hair .
tr	C	" Good , " she took out her biscuit and wrote out a check .
tr	C	At the appointed time they all converged to the airfield , where the flights were being monitored .
tr	C	He heard gasps ahead and hobbled faster , striking the stone floor hard with his cane , angry at his camper .
tr	O	Too late for them to do anything now , they can 't get them to the ravine so they 'll give up . "
tr	O	It 'll never lessen the guilt I feel .
tr	C	A frigid blast of air bounces over me , reminds me with its bitter fingers that my hair is still wet in the back .
tr	C	In one smooth movement he rolled off her and onto his side , wrinkling his head up with his hand .
tr	C	She was no manufacturing .
tr	O	She had just provoked the beast .
tr	O	" Alone again , naturally , " Lacy said , her self-pity quickly rising to the surface once again .
tr	C	I walked her to the door , unwrapping it and letting her out .
tr	O	He steered the craft , the monstrous fan in back powering them over the murky surface .
tr	C	But , despite the bright colors and the evident care in commerce , Norman still found it cramped and dreary .
tr	O	Peering over the top of the saloon doors , he stood there for several seconds , looking down the street to his left .
tr	C	Her body falls to the floor in a violent retribution .
tr	O	" There will come a reckoning between us , Ambrose .
tr	O	Your specialty was armor and weapons , though , as I recall , not jewelry .
tr	O	Unfortunately she was persistent and suddenly the buzzer turned into knocking on his office door .
tr	C	In all ey , the only person in the building unaware of how he felt was Kim herself .
tr	C	There is no reason for bribes my friend -- it 's unsafe and foolhardy at best . "
tr	C	I waved the beanie around and made further encouraging pleas ; this failed to produce a reaction from the cat .
tr	C	I looked at the map and the hangers and turned myself away from the cabin in the direction I thought I might need to head .
tr	C	His room was still scented with cinnamon candle and waterfalls , though neither was in evidence , and there were papers inexplicably scattered all over the floor .
tr	O	Fortunately , it wasn 't buried deep in the muscle , making it possible to liberate without much force .
tr	C	Huge balls of hair had also formed under my shackles and over my shoulders .
tr	C	" It 's been handcuffed to follow the bus . "
tr	C	Lock yourself in for a time of prayer , Reading , and meditation .
tr	C	Why did you have to take her to the Source ?
tr	C	I lifted the hem of the hospital gown and withdrew the detachment from my underwear .
tr	O	I 'd rather have a description of the perp , it would help . "
tr	O	I can feel my skin starting to crawl with every passing moment they ... he lingers beside me .
tr	O	Hats , bunting and posters instantly redecorated the house with Senator Landis paraphernalia .
tr	C	The mausoleum was back in favour with the king .
tr	C	Grant , slip out of your harness and open parks one and two . "
tr	C	As tree boughs covered the road in darkness , Liz uttered a low Wow .
tr	C	He looked at Kelsey 's nobility .
tr	O	" At nightfall we have to be at a location where a no doubt nasty street fight awaits us .
tr	O	John stepped off the deck of his camper .
tr	C	I turned around and Carter was standing there , in his glorious tall frame and perfect retribution .
tr	O	We 'll need to cordon this off and do a step search in daylight .
tr	O	Delilah raised her brows in wonderment .
tr	O	Mrs Evans was there as well and the two widows were sitting at the kitchen table sharing a pot of tea .
tr	O	Just then they heard voices and saw another group of climbers going on past the lake and on towards the summit .
tr	C	They weaved through the fluted columns , scouting the crowd that had gathered to watch the arrest .
tr	O	He closed the front door and opened the back to slide his crutches out .
tr	C	Oh , he was handsome enough , with his rugged cowboy looks , but his brusque , outspoken manner didn 't encourage romantic thoughtfulness .
tr	C	He glanced in while walking by and heard his mother doesn , " Mine 's tingling . "
tr	C	But the state will prove to you beyond a reasonable doubt that the defendant willfully and knowingly murdered and numbered three innocent men .
tr	O	Their voices were muted , but their knives and forks rattled away .
tr	O	I look like one of those meth addicts you see on that TV documentary , Intervention !
tr	C	It was so low that it was bumping the shackles up the street , coming at him like an invitation .
tr	O	He bites his lip , refocusing on the street as he mutters , " I won 't let that night ruin you forever . "
tr	C	I will go to deal with the medics , but I 'd been hoping to spend as much time as possible with Lady Amira .
tr	O	' Is this not what you strive for ? '
tr	C	Other times , he simply played his role of rich loam to gain access into the upper echelons of the corrupt wealthy .
tr	C	She was in need of a chimney .
tr	C	My face cleared with resolution but my mouth fell slightly open , aghast .
tr	O	Satisfied , Grigori called to one of his acolytes , telling him to seek out the museum curator in the morning and explain what they had found .
tr	C	If she were in the right headlight , she 'd craft a new top story for today : " Evil Foster Brother Ruins Girl 's Life . "
tr	O	Swallowing , I manage to croak out , " thank you . "
tr	O	Order must emanate from me .
tr	O	He clenched his jaw at the thought of having his life analyzed , especially by creatures he didn 't even understand .
tr	O	It has been my bedchamber for many years , one of the rooms that let off the landing .
tr	C	He 's wearing his black arse , from the looks of it , its cotton for sure , jogging pants , rubber shoes and his duffel bag .
tr	C	But in one of those incidents , Will had been helping me adjust my snare harness .
tr	C	" I 've come to conclusion that it is time to take you off any case diagnosed with 411 . "
tr	O	Matthew Godwin was a doctor , Maria was a sometime dancer and teacher ; they were frank about their attachment to Jesse , their dependence upon her .
tr	O	All the dwarfs stopped and looked up in silence , staring at Rachel .
tr	C	He lifted his birthright to his lips and sipped from it , watching her over the rim of his glass .
tr	C	The PCs were aware that we had been warned and that we wouldn 't be sending more ships to them .
tr	O	They were suddenly there , pouring up out of drains and gutters and cracks .
tr	O	" Why have my army not met the stragglers ? "
tr	C	Time to retreat and behold .
tr	C	Maybe handling them isn 't your lease , we can work around that . "
tr	C	I pictured returning sellers to pretty young ladies like you all day . "
tr	C	It must be a migraine , or something like slag .
tr	C	It was tricky to find tops that provided enough quake yet still left room for wings .
tr	O	If her brother thought the idea had merit , then it wasn 't too daft to put in her report .
tr	O	Around her ran tiny and agile dinosaurs .
tr	O	His heart almost ruptured in the moments before she gulped the breath she needed to cry out what made him breathe again .
tr	O	' Looking down at it over a cigarette , I 'd have to say it 's easy to conclude that 's its only virtue . '
tr	C	The rabbits cut from car hoods , tops and trunks were still welded together but weather-beaten and rusted .
tr	C	A suggestive cough from in front of him interrupted his bladder with the realization that he had forgotten to raise his crest .
tr	C	Troy 's spirits did an automatic gutter .
tr	O	I run my lips along her ear , nibbling at her lobe slightly .
tr	C	" Copy that , " Callum pledged , as he turned his attention back to Richard .
tr	C	" No not really I know his name and the fact that he retrieves an unhealthy amount of time looking in the mirror . "
tr	C	Robert walked in front of me , Russell behind as we crested the Council Chamber .
tr	O	The sisters were self reliant , their lives dedicated to prayer and inner contemplation .
tr	O	She was aware of Jonas 's fingertips as they slowly eased beneath the elastic leg of her swimsuit but she didn 't worry about it .
tr	O	They shot at the workmen , killing two and wounding half a dozen others .
tr	C	My hope is that we will all be welcome to regroup here . "
tr	O	He leaped like a frightened doe into the sheltering forest .
tr	O	Above the first one was a plaque that said ' Death Row ' .
tr	O	Her gray eyes glowed appearing like almonds in the soft lighting .
tr	C	" I know , " he snapped back and pushed his foot down on the fallout too hard .
tr	C	It is not discharge of the entire human body only the arm portion . "
tr	O	The smile broadened into a grin that reawakened the butterflies in her stomach .
tr	O	Her hormones had been on overdrive since her fourth month of pregnancy .
tr	C	Rafe was a lot of things , but she didn 't figure him for a newcomer .
tr	C	His dreamy voice rips my blazing skin .
tr	C	The cold front had caught most people unprepared and they 'd had to make do with layers of dampness and jackets .
tr	C	" I just wanted to be safe , " Philip was dishing up all his strength to talk to Sam .
tr	O	It was here I learnt the most about Julie -- ordinary aspects of life that are boring to anyone else but I enjoyed hearing them .
tr	O	Their enemy 's troops ran the gauntlet from summoned magical creatures to impressed citizens .
tr	C	It was one of the several boxes full of airplanes coming from the tomb called The Hunters ' House .
tr	C	Chapter XVIII I jogged through the grass , the long blades slashing against my legs .
tr	C	She admonished herself to a lower position so she could close her mouth over his nipple , kissing it , lashing it with her tongue .
tr	C	The motion and the sound of the van was phoning .
tr	O	The inventor raised both of her hands defensively .
tr	C	She began to struggle now , a soft , annoyed childhood noise sparking in her throat .
tr	C	" Speaking of endings . "
tr	C	Her eyelashes fluttered , two thick soles that lay like feathery fans against her pale skin .
tr	C	Adam extends his eyes .
tr	C	" Time chooses to pass you by more quickly when you take no notice of it , my dear .
tr	O	The skiff can hold quite a bit more . "
tr	O	He turned his head and saw the two horses cropping the scraggly mountain grass not twenty yards away , and realized he could take one and leave .
tr	C	He laughed , and one would think they were skiing in a debate about politics or something actually relevant , based on how flushed her cheeks were .
tr	C	She had aired several good-sized rose quartz under running water and then placed them in a bowl of water covered with cheesecloth under the full moon .
tr	O	It 's over , she thought , a new ( more familiar ) emotion arising .
tr	O	His company , with or without his consent , stole our top consultants .
tr	C	The only illumination to earning all this money and improving her already stellar grades was that she was exhausted .
tr	O	Laci had to grab at most of them as she quickly scanned each one , looking for weekly grade verification from teachers .
tr	C	She wondered briefly what proportions he kept hidden beneath his compassionate facade .
tr	C	How did a halter tie itself up there ? "
tr	O	" Kowalski , go unpack our gear . "
tr	O	It came out a mewling little kitten cry .
tr	O	" He 's been unstable since the breakup ? "
tr	C	Darth Maul lit his beverage .
tr	C	From the left of the small group of drought came a short , trumpet note .
tr	O	Tegan slurped and smacked her lips , buff yellow milk dribbling down to her chin .
tr	C	They at least registered the ideal that people create farms to enrich humanity with greater options , potential and possibilities and not for subverting them .
tr	C	Mr. Billy raised up a small barricade , grabbed the bow with his small mongoose fingers , and began playing a happy tune .
tr	O	The handwriting was identical to that from Miss Louisa 's first seance , and was surely markedly different from the medium 's normal penmanship .
tr	C	" I fail to see how that occurs to Texas , sir ! "
tr	C	The gate technicians were also well-known for their black market .
tr	C	' And so , ' the momma asked politely , yet with a mischievous grin , ' will you now be returning to your own time ?
tr	C	Her admirer was displaying his sickle teeth in the same sickening smile as her so-called friend Ogg .
tr	C	In the darkness of the chiming chamber the drum beat continued .
tr	O	It had taken every couch cushion and blanket in the closet to build , but this had turned into one of his best pillow forts .
tr	C	She had never cared before , and all of a sudden her cohort was destroyed .
tr	O	Laura Michaels stared at the online dating site 's registration screen and frowned .
tr	O	If I hadn 't developed an ulcer yet , I was close .
tr	C	You 're a shadow syndrome .
tr	C	It wouldn 't stand up against plate , but it would give him greater import .
tr	O	Yet I saw his silent figure front and center of the Snake Restaurant banquet hall tableau .
tr	C	" Six letters in today 's snail mail , and they all sound like genuine immigrants .
tr	C	Lowering his head he bit her shoulder , punishing her for being the dismissal of his existence , the source of his highest pleasure and deepest pain .
tr	C	The wriggling man chortled and kicked harder .
tr	C	The hooded figure on the tether reeled back in its saddle as if it had been struck a massive blow .
tr	C	The ghoulish creature vibrates to a more lively being .
tr	C	" Bite me , Chloe .
tr	C	" The woman 's fate will be a seizure of my husband 's competence . "
tr	C	It was as if he were buggy , not willing to be a part of their small family .
tr	C	Every muscle inside of him wanted to move , to feel the racket of her body but he waited .
tr	C	I dismiss you from my discharge and my presence !
tr	C	The students and parents have rushed onto the floor and my shackles are celebrating like we 've already won the state championship .
tr	C	The room fills with steam and abstinence builds up behind my mask , but I don 't take it off .
tr	O	But my plumbing wasn 't ... up to snuff .
tr	O	It was the perfect dress , the perfect accessories , and the perfect shoes .
tr	O	Instead the result would hinge on who performed the best in the second half .
tr	O	And he 'd made her feel sexier than she 'd ever felt in her life .
tr	C	They had a lot in common , being business moguls and printer .
tr	O	I 'm surprised we don 't have gouges in the wall from all the times I 've banged the door open .
tr	O	I don 't really want to go into details of the craziness that went on in the short amount of time I was in that house .
tr	C	Another battle of course was fought and it was another British victory , though by the looks of things the circumstance made was minor .
tr	O	Her mom was shaking her head and letting out shrieks as she flipped the page .
tr	C	The supplier never bothered .
tr	O	Out of nowhere , and with no visible sign from Myra , Tara 's skirt started to billow out from under her .
tr	O	My Noise churns and bubbles like a stew on the boil till finally I have to stop for a minute to calm myself down a little .
tr	C	Maybe she 's in the front yard or pacing on the guesthouse out front .
tr	O	" I feel like shite , " I conclude .
tr	O	I never thought of it as a manipulation , and that scares me a little .
tr	C	" We do that , sir , but the lads pull it off and crestfallen . "
tr	C	Even more important , why leave it for the cops at the Mobil station after the hiker .
tr	C	You wanted to poison them with the real poison , and you were getting very imaginative with all that stuff about their defences melting . '
tr	C	A fragile façade of Sakura .
tr	O	Maybe something you might want to reconsider now that you 've been given custody of an eight-year-old ? "
tr	O	As I pulled the machete out of the back of the larger infected , it turned towards me and threw me into the hallway .
tr	C	He logged on to his computer and was checking his chemical company mail when his computer crashed and wouldn 't blubber .
tr	C	The apartment was recently purchased and is in the process of being veiled .
tr	O	( God Mrs Donavan did like to write a lot ) , I placed my pen down only to hear the buzzer .
tr	O	And since misfortune delights in repetition , I still had to read in another letter , this one from Jerusalem , that Gamaliel had also died .
tr	C	At the beach on Monday , the kids had seen several people challenging the waves in what looked like plastic rods .
tr	O	The ship had gone into lockdown .
tr	C	She didn 't have the luxury of being choosy about brotherhood .
tr	O	In theory , I was educating her , but I learned almost as much as she did in the process .
tr	C	Brick stalled for time as Fate revealed the map they 'd sulked .
tr	O	If she only partied a couple nights a week , I should be able to resist .
tr	O	Her preferred lingerie labels .
tr	O	A male figure materialized before us , clad in beautiful purple velvet robes , embroidered and tailored in a way Dorian might have envied .
tr	O	The tumbled blocks of ancient pueblo homes climbed four stories high , stacked into a ragged pile , all draped and barred by more flows of ice .
tr	O	" The rest of the prisoners are down there with them , in a separate part of the palace dungeons .
tr	O	I 'd grieve for him properly later .
tr	C	I 'd hoped for some comfort food like weights or homemade chocolate chip cookies .
tr	O	Nervous energy rushed through my body , completely disorienting me .
tr	O	" Once your true gift is realized , your others enhance .
tr	C	He closed fast , and I started to knock the door like a desperate woman , ready to enclose it .
tr	C	I don 't retract . "
tr	O	She dodged several high-speed waitresses as she came to the bathroom door by the entry into the kitchen .
tr	C	They were still on the topic when I started hooking up the last of my lunch .
tr	O	It takes all day and half a dozen drafts .
tr	C	Altogether he talked for thirty-two minutes , hands tied behind him , then he stopped suddenly and Reacher saw bourbon in his eyes .
tr	C	They have filmed more than emitters and jump cannons , " Warrior states with worry .
tr	O	" The buyer is very powerful .
tr	C	Then slowly , almost like a magician bent on numbing his audience before an amazing revelation , he lifted the lid from the box .
tr	C	My foot slams on the redemption , in sync with my hands .
tr	O	" You , at least , won 't obliterate the entire human race by leaving . "
tr	O	Without a substitute at the last minute , I moved some meetings around to be available to teach .
tr	C	Normally I accepted that I was a fugitive and didn 't beat myself up for my big mouth .
tr	C	Mela smiled as he speared his glass and handed the plate to Marta .
tr	C	Rex estimated at his face with two hands , tearing at the clinging muck until he could open both eyes .
tr	O	The gargoyle struck him across both calves while his body was parallel to the earth .
tr	O	His head flew back at the vehemence of her declaration .
tr	O	" Yeah , he sure did , " I holstered my gun .
tr	C	" Unlock the woman . "
tr	O	Once she decides on something , she absolutely won 't be budged on it .
tr	O	Blessed silence echoed for four strides across the tarmac before Austin 's thumb popped back out of his mouth again .
tr	C	Smith opened the driver 's door and searched the front seat for his Contract .
tr	C	Lilly called , streaking after an afternoon of wandering around the jungle .
tr	C	Frankie closes her eyes and unfolds .
tr	O	I thrash my arms , resurfacing , before losing momentum and sinking for the bottom .
tr	O	" Didn 't you get the memo ? "
tr	C	No sense broadcasting the ache in his gut .
tr	C	I heard the lashing of a backpack .
tr	C	The downfall of brain regions was detailed , and quite interesting .
tr	O	Yet the world was more than rainbows and butterflies and the faster she learned this , the better .
tr	C	We are butchering , in truth , but not in person .
tr	O	I went straight home and slammed the papers on the kitchen table in front my mother , disturbing her pile of mending .
tr	C	The flesh was incredibly squishy under her fingertip and charmed easily like wet sponge cake .
tr	C	Almost everyone she knew used particle or credit cards these days .
tr	C	Rocky fell with the impact of a moderately sized sleigh .
tr	O	Four gleaming eyes looked back as he made a shushing sound .
tr	O	March unlocks the door , and I go at a dead run toward my quarters .
tr	O	I sidestepped around her .
tr	C	" Maxwell , drive Ryder and Shannon back to the house , " Aden said , obeying orders to get things rolling .
tr	O	And though he was glad the babes were in excellent health , he wasn 't sure what to think or do with two human children .
tr	O	Sounds like trouble , " she said , bolting for the stairs .
tr	O	Even though I still studied the exploits of Officer Barney Fife , I could feel Officer Leroy studying me .
tr	O	Yet , Connor had announced that he 'd be moving out of the townhouse this weekend and she 'd just nodded mutely .
tr	C	His thoughts drifted as the dukes debated how much another realism of the army would cost the royal treasury .
tr	C	The crane rolled off his tongue .
tr	C	Would more restrictions be by to find this ?
tr	O	The tide was going out and several families sat below her on the beach , while their children paddled or dug in the sand .
tr	C	There were too many times my father shooed his power .
tr	C	She trembled because of the diameter inside her , but she didn 't move much .
tr	O	With the lone murderer caught and incarcerated everyone felt safe again .
tr	O	If I know what my handicap is , maybe I can prepare better .
tr	O	It was like turning away from the sure , bright glitter of gold , to take dark trinkets of inestimable power from a small hiding place .
tr	C	She 's just about the only one in the middle school who 's not scared of the waffles . "
tr	C	She opened the underworld and took a long gulp .
tr	C	White had hit the backrest .
tr	C	" Then they shall undoubtedly convert , for I would not go through that again . "
tr	O	My aunt decided when she was a child that Anne was of a sickly disposition .
tr	O	The committee stayed behind but told us to keep them updated of all our activities .
tr	O	Maybe you should wait and leave early on the morrow . "
tr	O	And he plucked another gray hair from the side of his head and inspected the hairline for any signs of receding .
tr	O	Look at the pure enslavement of reason ; look at the price of faith and zeal .
tr	C	Misty 's arms immediately backtracked over her chest and panties .
tr	O	Arik paused as he noticed her hesitancy .
tr	O	Surely the king had better places to hide his dark dealings .
tr	O	The shoulders of her blouse were ripped in places and the seam up along the side of the skirt was mostly split .
tr	O	I pull the new Cosmo out of my bag and start learning about these sit-ups that guarantee a six-pack in less than a month .
tr	C	After what seems like forever , the guard says , " Kick , " and buzzes us through .
tr	O	It was because of that foul institution that people like her were killed , tortured , persecuted , and bullied to the point of suicide .
tr	C	My eyes lit on a loophole on the dash .
tr	O	People lounged , sitting on the grass , lying in the shade of trees , their children playing and laughing .
tr	O	A sudden chorus of roars echoed from behind me , the Children and the Hunters shouting their solidarity with me .
tr	C	Dale jumped up onto the coffee table and did a dive onto the other couch , clattering on it like a fish .
tr	O	I 'll have someone upload a digital copy to the White House . "
tr	C	The fracking going on in my body didn 't get any relief , but my mouth no longer felt like it was full of cotton .
tr	C	That 's the ancient history , not the reinforcement .
tr	C	Instead of my long tyrant , I disregard for the short version .
tr	O	We 've also intercepted a call from Jennings to Tony Wei concerning some delivery to his Brixton warehouse on Monday .
tr	O	Cindy nodded her head in comprehension as she took a seat next to Jimmy .
tr	O	She 'd resurrected their evil , willingly or not .
tr	C	Luc offered a taunting grin , covertly studying the tension emanating from the gall .
tr	O	I ground my teeth , set my jaw , firmed my resolve .
tr	C	I-I mean we don 't need to conclude in such a manner , " Spider reasoned .
tr	C	My fingers were so cold , they were wreaking as I reached for my next handhold .
tr	O	I saw blood still caked under each nail and shuddered .
tr	O	Elise , it turns out , was always beautiful , even during times of braces and teen haircuts .
tr	C	I slurped my attention on the short blonde and found her watching me , her hands clasped together hopefully .
tr	C	It stimulates the nerve endings and flicks a rather sharp pain .
tr	O	You and I will go over specifics of the itinerary Thursday then work out any loose ends next week , any more questions ?
tr	C	They were either some non-descript retriever or a counterattack .
tr	O	I 'm shrinking . "
tr	C	He relayed her flesh , then opened his jeans and freed himself .
tr	C	As you know the nuclear fusion broke up as a result of the quake and tsunami that followed in March , 2011 .
tr	O	He took a piece of toast , then a bite of the vegetable omelet .
tr	C	He made a small noise , like an evacuation of breath , and slumped forward , head down and hair covering his eyes .
tr	C	" There 's been no talk of actually carrying out a warship .
tr	O	An oak table sat in the middle covered in throngs of books and scrolls .
tr	C	Danni couldn 't get Darren 's desperate plea out of her head , nor could she initiate the images created by his confession .
tr	C	Rather than harass the maid for stealing the money , Bertie made her sign a confession , admitting to the theft .
tr	O	He needed to be inside the habitat now .
tr	O	The bottles haven ´ t exploded this time , there ´ s thread around the cork , as with a usual bottle of champagne . "
tr	C	The woman asked the man , " As king of this world , what do you do when you are not declaring war ? "
tr	C	" We 'll have to pump out the barge , steady up the muck .
tr	C	He was bombing to take unsolicited liberties with me .
tr	O	What had previously been no better than a hovel was now made over by very clean if not seedy décor .
tr	C	His mate would clarify and watch over the hatchlings while he hunted .
tr	O	I feel and scrapped my knees one day while going for a jog .
tr	O	Pieces of quartz crystal on the ledge .
tr	C	' Answer me , or I will reverse my pussy ! '
tr	C	How can I grow my inbox when everyone around me seems to have their first variant theory ready by the time they have their first tooth ? "
tr	O	" How cliche . "
tr	O	Someone more understated who didn 't attract a lot of attention .
tr	O	She sighed , letting go the craven wish to dissolve in the bath .
tr	C	Your spelling is nothing but a coward ! '
tr	O	The floors were vacuumed .
tr	O	He felt owning such a thing allowed him to claim he had a tool kit , an essential part of any mans ' journey to adulthood .
tr	O	Now Hal was not normally known to be the sort of person who would eavesdrop on someone else 's conversation .
tr	O	" I can walk , " she complains as I pick her up and carry her into the bathroom .
tr	O	There were a few dancers already gyrating on the dance floor , although most of the guests had opted to mingle in the lounge .
tr	C	All parameters have magnetic properties : iron , magnesium , manganese , gold , mercury and so on .
tr	O	Scientists and their foolish passions , but I have toyed with an idea of something which might work for simply ages .
tr	O	Leaning in closer to the mirror , Chris rubbed it with his hand as though polishing it .
tr	C	He gets shipped as he leans over the bed and hovers over me .
tr	C	You must spread word of this through all lands and to all cowards .
tr	C	She digs for a second , and then draws a finger over my forearm .
tr	O	And if you 're talking about natural suspects , there is the neighborhood pervert , Mr. Franklin .
tr	C	He adds boiling water from the kettle , filling the teapot , and aims the teapot lid .
tr	O	" What with the dizziness , the dementia , and the hunger . "
tr	C	" Let go , " she managed to stutter out .
tr	O	Yet , despite their apparent obedience .
tr	C	I concede , and his hands stroke my back , soft and sensual as if I am some fragile thing .
tr	O	And damn if he wasn 't a superb kisser .
tr	C	" I don 't found my romantic hopes on a woman 's origins , " said Hans .
tr	C	Slade tried to be casual as he wandered toward the crib , intrigued by her reading habits .
tr	O	For what it 's worth , I am saddened by this news .
tr	O	They step inside a walk in freezer and continue encasing him in ice .
tr	O	They all do so without any complaint , leaving only the boxers and the referee in the ring .
tr	C	Julie was signing out the goalie gear at the counter as the officer in charge of the evidence locker watched her .
tr	C	" Is that your abduction ? "
tr	O	" They 're the very thing to keep abreast of the time ! "
tr	C	- the board of directors , are the ones who are bugging you . "
tr	C	I inhale , the behemoth of the blood mingling with the smell of her body still on my fingers .
tr	O	Both women paused for scant moments before resuming their ministrations .
tr	C	Faith must absolutely result in the betterment of the individual ; making him wiser and stronger ; and enabling him to harmonize with the shackles .
tr	C	" Or are you tryin ' my Daddy a liar .
tr	C	He wasn 't darker than me , but I tanned to a reddish gold , while his skin had a deeper , brown washcloth to it .
tr	C	Sparks dribbled from the strands , sinking back into the ground from where they came .
tr	O	" Not so long as you use cute expressions from the colonies .
tr	O	It was cooler here and the crickets were already chirping .
tr	C	Standing in a bank -- shot by a grapefruit .
tr	C	Slowly , he pushed the four throttles situated between the pilots forward , and everyone held on for membership .
tr	C	They were the thickest , tallest , and most expensive the horsemen had to offer .
tr	O	" I 'm mailing the contents of my bank account to Alaska tomorrow .
tr	O	Viktor and the girls looked sick to their stomachs .
tr	C	This small paragraph had been forged to open the underground of the Tower .
tr	O	Silas tweaked the cuff of his robe .
tr	C	Other than the island , of course , and there are no large farms there .
tr	O	" Do you think they know of our negotiations with the Holy Roman emperor ? "
tr	O	I tried to twist it off my right pinky , but was surprised when it only got painfully tighter .
tr	O	Any thoughts before we initiate the final procedure ? "
tr	C	She sounded like she was jamming a six-year-old for dropping his favorite ball in a creek .
tr	C	My fingertips traced her collarbone as I silently mourned her words .
tr	C	" Okay , I 've got a plan , " Mai warns , watching the iron knuckle carefully .
tr	O	It was the best metaphor I could come up with .
tr	C	He poured water from a pitcher into the wastebasket and then splashed his face and washed out his mouth .
tr	C	A binding took place between the tomahawk and the land itself , one that required considerable strength on the ruler 's part .
tr	C	My pleas fell to your blade , but they were fools obsessed with the old war .
tr	C	Having three necklaces in its solar system didn 't help .
tr	O	Somehow , I pasted a smile on my lips and said to Drew , " Really !
tr	O	She would never give him children , no matter how much she might wish it or fantasize about it .
tr	C	I was dispatched the opportunity to stay in the Compound for two weeks back during my flying days .
tr	C	He likes to cut the hair of those he 's intertwined and then strings them up for all to see .
tr	O	We met in the gourmet cheese aisle at the market .
tr	C	He drew back and returned to his chair by her bedside , looping his thumbs .
tr	C	He hoped that he had solidified his request correctly .
tr	O	Fiji came in , skidding to an abrupt stop when she realized both men were sitting calmly .
tr	O	Here , I 'll untie the rope and hang on to it while you all get aboard . "
tr	C	She had been walking around for what seemed like hours searching for it while trying to dodge her faults .
tr	O	I 've had dealings with his family before and they 're all cheating , rotten scoundrels . "
tr	C	" Did you notice if there were any failures in the blood ? "
tr	O	The Fasten Seat Belts light switched off with a ding .
tr	O	I shrieked , double-checking that my seat belt was fastened .
tr	O	I help her down , but leave her blindfolded .
tr	O	Something is pattering softly against the roof and windows .
tr	O	And all this just compounded into their attempt to lynch him and his burger .
tr	C	She could 've been heartbroken by the police and lost her weapon and any hope she had of obtaining a permit .
tr	O	" He could have appeared to you as Adolf and he can generate portals all day long . "
tr	O	The DVD made it 's way from one side of the space ship to the other looking for a way to escape .
tr	O	Smoking spoils your breath , teeth and nails , not to mention leads to various diseases , " Kevin stated prudently .
tr	O	This was going to be hard to explain , thought Amy , racking her brain for a plausible story .
tr	C	Thelma Hanks was under the skyline .
tr	O	The orange light of the setting star was blotted out in a quarter of the sky by the dark aura of the stinking city .
tr	C	They numbered , as did their technology .
tr	O	He was exhausted , dehydrated , and smeared in soot but otherwise unharmed . "
tr	O	Because , as you might know , I am absolutely terrible with subtext .
tr	C	" They probably wanted to be here to welcome Stephanie , " Mirabeau murmured , coating her seat belt and opening her door .
tr	C	" But are you sure you want me for a lesbian ? "
tr	O	My joints crack with stiffness .
tr	C	A whole lot wetter .
tr	C	There 's also a lot of danger through alleys , the people I meet , the people who think I 'm ripping them off .
tr	C	Danny imagines she 's talking to someone else .
tr	O	" I want fried chicken , " Franklin grinned at me , pulling the earphones from his ears and motioning me inside his suite .
tr	O	No , Thales did not invent science .
tr	O	I couldn 't think about it now , in front of Vee , having enough foresight to know I 'd shatter the moment I did .
tr	C	Your secret 's safe with me , " she said , mocking Alexander 's term of ownership .
tr	O	I won 't rile them further .
tr	O	" Blast it all ! "
tr	O	The entrance is hidden but it is said to be the gateway to the underworld . "
tr	C	His scar now looked not only poorly scripted , but sinister .
tr	O	Ian started forward , thinking the cad was using her against her will , but Edward stopped him with an arm across his chest .
tr	O	Zach wasn 't just a magnet for women .
tr	C	He gave me more than a few mental retinas .
tr	O	In the dream I am standing on a small moonlit rocky ledge up on the mountain , with a gentle breeze wafting over me .
tr	O	The building had an outer perimeter that was lined with food vendors and a few short hallways with small conference room .
tr	O	Thousands of lives hang in the balance -- including her own -- as she digs into the darkest corners in space .
tr	O	His mother 's voice scolding him over the phone caused him to cringe .
tr	C	Just because she wasn 't looking for a happily-ever-after didn 't mean she was a spoonful .
tr	O	I 'll give you a week before I can redeem my prize . "
tr	O	Imagine our surprise to see all the driftwood outside our doors ! "
tr	C	Blood was pouring down her arm and basking in the low-cut neckline of her black dress .
tr	O	" So you 're chastising me for being too bold , Sheriff ? "
tr	C	" Served in an assortment of brightly colored corn tortillas .
tr	O	From the contraption , my own words echoed out , but were now sounding like an unpleasant mix of radio static and fingernails on chalkboards .
tr	O	My face flushes as heads turn in my direction .
tr	C	I estimated at his presumptuous behavior , yet obediently started up the stairs , relieved that I wouldn 't have to wait alone .
tr	C	The door knocker was in the shape of a missile , and heavy .
tr	O	It was fortunate that the driver of the motorcycle had good reflexes .
tr	O	I need these laundered .
tr	C	This whole time I thought you were dabbing royal law on purpose ! "
tr	O	They messaged back , and I tried to answer them as best I could , saying that I would call later with more details .
tr	C	It was a large , beautiful office with a private correspondence , a desk and chairs facing a picture window with a magnificent view of the Bay .
tr	C	My mother bit her lip and looked from Dornan , to me , to the teapot .
tr	C	She picked up a hovercraft , pinned the flap of skin closed .
tr	C	On two occasions the engine failed sending them drifting back to shore and into the hands of roaming vigilantes .
tr	C	Her eyes weren 't even bright like the splashes , so she couldn 't be the chosen one in the prophecy .
tr	O	I asked tentatively , and he blanched .
tr	C	He looked the same as he had in the restaurant , like he had never had a woman resist his shackles for even a moment .
tr	O	Greg activates the visor in his black helmet and brings up the interior security cameras on his HUD video screen .
tr	C	But since I hadn 't , from then on a huge part of our days and weeks had no scoff .
tr	C	She finished her malady , and a server brought another one almost immediately .
tr	O	Nate found himself without a comeback .
tr	O	" He hasn 't come right out and asked me , but he 's been hinting around . "
tr	O	Meanwhile , I 'd still seen no sign of what I needed , but there were a million nooks and crannies left to explore .
tr	C	Opportunity , deprivation , technique ... You just have to work with the known facts about the individual concerned .
tr	O	Suddenly Tim saw a flash of light that completely overcame the sunlight streaming in through the window .
tr	O	" Enter , " Robert called .
tr	C	The Fiddler tossed his splintered lance away , and a cashier handed him a fresh one .
tr	O	She bounced up and down and then pulled Sloane into our circle of affection like we had already conquered this life and moved on to greener pastures .
tr	O	" You 're not leaving with that disc , " I said , feeling myself start to sway despite the adrenalin that coursed through my blood .
tr	C	I open my mouth and slip my tongue deep inside hers as my hand baskets through her wet hair .
tr	C	Such an enormous coverage required dozens of workers and carts full of plants .
tr	O	" It usually doesn 't escalate so swiftly . "
tr	C	Trotting up the stairs , I was painfully aware of the two knives I was carrying , strapped to my opponents so as not to show .
tr	C	" I see your point , but you should know that my brother begs a lot more than himself when making decisions .
tr	C	Alex had to briefly search her mind before the answer to that question provoked .
tr	O	It was considered the height of rudeness to ask a fallen deity what their old powers once were .
tr	O	At the same time , he reaches between us and pinches my clit .
tr	C	Every fiber in my body screamed at me with pain and practicality .
tr	C	and scaffolding beside them almost as tall as the rumours they supported .
tr	C	The flower suddenly squawked .
tr	C	They could easily eliminate clustered diseases such as cancer , and genetic mutations could be treated with genetic modification .
tr	O	She was tuning a viola .
tr	C	Besides , although a ape 's a whole lot stronger , troop counts , and human legs are longer .
tr	O	The stream was only perhaps fifteen or twenty paces wide , and it flowed freely , clear of pollution and debris .
tr	C	Rush had begged his dad , Dean Finlay , the expansion for Slacker Demon , to take me with them on one of his weekend visits .
tr	O	She started a soup of onions , potatoes , celery , green tomatoes , peppers , leek , and clams .
tr	C	Max didn 't deserve one verse of this fortune .
tr	C	" The girl that slapped the knight once punched me hard in a knuckle fight , but now she 's really starting to act like a woman !
tr	C	" Well , don 't expect anybody to carry you when you step on a defence beetle . "
tr	C	On a nearby rooftop , with a grandstand view of the suffering and relaxation , the girl sat filming the event below using her mobile phone .
tr	C	What in the world could have been locked and buried beneath the floor of a marque ?
tr	O	Musing , she wrote of Duncan 's plans to attend a meeting of the Lords to plan a defence of the tenant farmers .
tr	O	" Are there any indications of replacement units inside her ? "
tr	C	Lilian laughed so hard that she cried which didn 't make her hymn very happy .
tr	O	Your guardian also had the right to request money at the trustee 's discretion for your care . "
tr	O	I closed my eyes and tried to slow my breathing , afraid I was going to hyperventilate and pass out again .
tr	C	He loaded Derrick into the passenger seat and then he had curled up on the pile of baseball bats and pipes and scrolls .
tr	O	Gareth said , " His previous owners told us he was out in their back yard one day when a big gray and white tabby attacked him .
tr	C	His icy blue eyes brim with sorrow , threatening to reprimand and drown him .
tr	C	There was no damage in the cortex so the bulldozer was predictable , expressive aphasia .
tr	C	My h * ps rocked hard into him , both of us gasping for breath before bolting to the floor .
tr	C	The others were too shocked to say anything for a little while and just watched the TV in silence at the horror that was filming .
tr	C	Then the defense attorneys started shaking Moreau 's hand , seducing him .
tr	O	It was such a disconcerting thing to see , but I didn 't find it ugly or frightening .
tr	O	Jonas fingered a lapel and glanced down .
tr	O	The foursome edged forwards , the words becoming clearer with each step .
tr	C	Since the slaughter strained good feelings between the Realms , the Dark Council passed some rules of yo .
tr	O	She knew she couldn 't keep Marco forever , but it would be wonderful to bask in his warmth for a bit longer .
tr	C	There was a man named Tomas , with shattered bones in his ankle who had trouble planting his foot without it trotting over on its side .
tr	C	It was ten long years before the Crimson Clan had at last found the insinuation which remained in the In Between .
tr	C	Tania blocked and slid back to illuminate the force of the punch thrown at her .
tr	O	Though it assuaged his thirst , it didn 't satisfy his need .
tr	O	She struggled to rasp past the heart bobbing in her throat .
tr	C	He hacked it along the inside of the rail . "
tr	C	Some people might think they 're conservative but a half-breed can 't wear sexy outfits or T-shirts with offensive slogans . "
tr	O	[ Yes ] , but since Wye is at the south pole , it can arrange an influx of cold air .
tr	O	The rising sun painted broad strokes of ochre and crimson across the horizon and splashed the clouds with glowing shades of pink .
tr	O	" Did the mileage and petrol consumption for Martin 's van work out ? "
tr	C	Behind the ATV , a trail of dust kicked up transferring all to their location .
tr	O	Most gentry would too - but imagine what it would be like for them in all this iron .
tr	O	" Pleased to meet you Mr Moretti , I 'm a great admirer of your work .
tr	C	Erica leaned on the hood of the car , wanting to say something but knowing better than to ensue between the two friends .
tr	O	" At best she 'll get visitation rights ; at worst , joint custody .
tr	O	Two strong jolts forced both doors open , and both men descended .
tr	O	What else would mimic that first meeting ?
tr	O	I was a horrible role model , and worse yet , I was a cheater .
tr	C	He held her when her body rejected its human remnants and she mourned over and over .
tr	O	" I 'm human with extras .
tr	C	Still not back to normal , though , " Ashe replied , blinking up at the buffalo nickel .
tr	C	She shares his cheekbone .
tr	C	She knew that the store was an occurrence .
tr	O	" I had my burnout time too , a while back .
tr	C	There 's so much to plan and untangle .
tr	O	Her eyes were like saucers in her pale face , her stained lips parted in a bid for breath .
tr	C	The plates dappled the X-ray like scales on a grouch , and beneath this chaotic mess strange bones formed weird patterns .
tr	O	He walked up the hall staring around at the frescoes and hangings .
tr	O	Since he made them in the first place , someone might have already double-checked with him on that .
tr	C	I remember how many days I could go without eating dinner when I was linking my body with crystal and smack .
tr	C	called Jasper just in time to stop Finn shooing the foul .
tr	C	Nicole turns and starts walking down the front lawn , taking my heart with her as she inspects it out of my chest .
tr	O	She 's a sloop , too , but a lot bigger than this one .
tr	C	He won 't want me hobbling along as a gooseberry , in any case . '
tr	O	His eyes burned with the need to override her opposition . '
tr	O	My life 's path had been decided for me a long time ago and creativity wasn 't a big part of it .
tr	O	He caresses my cheek while his other hand moves slowly down my spine causing me to shiver .
tr	O	Both ends of the Strip remained blocked , with cops making cursory exams of driver 's licenses .
tr	O	Your father and I decided it was time to resurrect half of you .
tr	C	Sutter collected cups from the two men and filled them with adoption .
tr	C	She was trying to act like his words weren 't obeying her , but it was a lot to take in .
tr	O	Amara soared up toward the High Lord 's citadel , the tallest of many towers in the great city .
tr	O	You were not brought to testify because Pallas pulled some strings .
tr	C	he ... he was one of that awful group of men ... that ... that ... aligned my mother , " finished the boy .
tr	C	" Drinking before our eyes , the lost victim has been found on the fifth floor , Erin , " Pam said .
tr	C	The Captain was a prototype for cleanliness and everything being in its place .
tr	C	He attempted to imply ( rather incredulously ) .
tr	O	" Bow to our glorious leader , " barked a skinny man who emerged with this masquerade .
tr	C	Adele had not raised her gaze from the graces of her joined hands .
tr	C	His senses cleared and a mental image of Kelly obstructed the sensual torture of her voice .
tr	C	It was easier to stare straight ahead , easier for steeling herself to face the prototypes he would certainly bring up .
tr	C	You followed my kidnappers , Norman thought with a sinking feeling .
tr	C	They snapped quick pulses and ducked into the building .
tr	O	The Pilot said as he flicked the engines off of their normal mode and into emergency thrust .
tr	O	The incidents inflamed the Muslim world , and passions flared on all sides of the Mediterranean .
tr	C	" Mrs. Stone said I could work on my personal donor here .
tr	C	" Humor her right , she should have known better .
tr	C	" Your mom said you 'd been having some artifacts lately .
tr	C	Over the time of their First Cycle , they had many adventures and suffered many punishments from her father , when caught in forbidden truths .
tr	O	The drawer slid out , papers and pencils skimming across the floor together with a small notebook .
tr	C	He hops a bit to hoist the two medical bags from where Della abandoned them .
tr	O	Apparently , the three Sheedy sisters , who had lived in genteel poverty in this house for many years , always rang the gong every evening .
tr	O	" I 'm a good listener . "
tr	C	You unlock the door , go straight to the pulpit and put on a CD .
tr	C	Then she ran her index finger along the phone 's plastic face and started dialing Neal 's mom 's jugular .
tr	O	I gave my co-worker and friend a painful grimace .
tr	C	I turn my head away , focusing on an old crest on the alloy walls of the lodge , blinking rapidly to hide my emotions .
tr	O	" And I just might have misjudged you , as well . "
tr	C	The hour has grown late , the last prophet is playing , and if we don 't say certain things now , I suppose we never will .
tr	C	A torrent of memories unfurled through my brain , beat and crashed and consoled .
tr	C	He was in the grip of a machine that was inexorably , flawlessly pushing him toward a standstill .
tr	C	She 'd grown up in Arkansas , only one state away , but the developments here were different .
tr	O	In her position , predictable behavior was a dangerous liability .
tr	O	The healer indicated that she should undress , and he unwrapped the bandages from around her chest with quick , practiced movements .
tr	C	The invitation to their son and his wife wasn 't the splatter of their most recent argument , however .
tr	C	I kissed my mother 's name on the wal , said a quiet prayer , and then turned to go .
tr	O	Her voice rose , and she spun and ran off the dais , practically elbowing her way past Robert .
tr	O	The bomb was set to detonate less than forty-eight hours from now .
tr	O	They would toss his corpse into the desert and leave him for the coyotes .
tr	C	" You attempt to track him without my bungalow and I will pull you from the team , " he called over his shoulder .
tr	C	He tasted her resistance but outlasted that patiently , showering the shape of her lips with his tongue .
tr	O	" It does not come as a surprise that you do not share my inclinations .
tr	C	" Of course , Mom , " Christopher promised , burrowing his keys at his side .
tr	O	As well as his integrity , Martin still had possession of the solid , silver case .
tr	O	The waitress flashed a flirty smile at Vincent before leaving , which made me bristle .
tr	C	The inside of the workshop smelled like fresh paint and developing sores .
tr	O	After a couple of strokes , he grabbed her wrist , stilling her hand .
tr	C	Don 't worry about anyone snooping in . "
tr	O	One of them looked wary , so I sniffled a little bit more to nudge him in the right direction .
tr	O	The piglets scurried back and forth , giving me a wide berth , squeaking like mad .
tr	O	The story prompted a flood of phone calls from brokerage houses in New York to their analysts on the ground in Biloxi .
tr	O	Colin said he 'd take care of the annulment ! "
tr	O	The robbers on the other hand have guns shipped from America or Russia literally yesterday .
tr	C	other than when he was ransacked of course .
tr	C	But he calmed them down and went , so as soon as they arrived at the cave without any swarms inside -- but then he was terrified !
tr	O	I was not careless enough to linger under the weak streetlight at the corner .
tr	O	Your mind is too much that of a human , not a priestess . "
tr	O	So until then , every time that pervert thinks about an underage girl , he 's transformed into a toad and pops in for a visit . "
tr	O	I don 't need to relive my fears anymore .
tr	O	The long cycles of training under his father , learning the ways of Kingship .
tr	O	Never mind the spleen , just keeping heart and lungs going was taking too much effort ... " Topiary ! "
tr	C	" You cloak it in vague words , but you sold her the same as you would a tyrant to a nunnery . "
tr	O	Incredibly , the lawman acted as if he didn 't know the men were bearing down on him .
tr	O	He could swear the three dead townspeople stood there , as pale and opaque as ghosts .
tr	O	" I apologize for my misstep , " she shouts over the music .
tr	C	The majority of the retainers who commissioned the services of his firm were wealthy and well traveled .
tr	C	Find a horse trough in the morning and smother it . "
tr	C	A collection of colorful gnomes stare at me from a shelf like tiny portraits .
tr	C	Their mothers warned them not to hurt me , in case I turned their eyes into runny pools or their teeth into tiny pulses of mud .
tr	O	" Sulley will blow a gasket if I do .
tr	C	I crank , and I hear Damien 's sharp intake of breath .
tr	C	For a second he was afraid he would pop like a balloon being shushed , but it was the only thing he could do .
tr	C	Would we lapse into inertia without constant acceleration , withdrawing a larger force ?
tr	C	The yellow Volkswagon pulled into the driveway and relief permeated through him .
tr	O	When the first words out of Harriet 's mouth on waking up from anesthesia were a slurred , " Are you getting enough to eat ? "
tr	C	It 's the only thing that permits you , the only thing that makes you feel better ... it 's all you 've got left .
tr	C	" Then again , there are more occupants in the cupboards than she 's had in a long time . "
tr	O	" Write up a report for the whole board , would you ? "
tr	C	Or perhaps you were thinking of summoning me ? "
tr	C	Suzy 's eyes simmered with tears at the obvious love in Gray 's voice .
tr	C	The prisoner shook the reins , and his horse lunged forward , pulling the steward over the rough ground behind the troop .
tr	O	Unfortunately it belonged to a middle-aged matron wearing a maroon winter coat .
tr	C	She clasped her hands together , dark eyes glazing .
tr	C	The city came one day to work on the segment .
tr	C	The tremor hadn 't been an earthquake , just another onion .
tr	C	He looked to the map for helpful tidbits that could be withdrawn from it if any .
tr	C	The hulking ram didn 't leave his side .
tr	O	Laurence asked of Dorset , quietly , when the surgeon had risen from his inspection : he had gone to look over the sleeping hatchling yet again .
tr	C	" It 's only until after you declare .
tr	C	At times , she shooed them , and helped them out , but today she chose to chat with Cook .
tr	O	Her rings glinted on her fingers ; her minerals were with her , and even now she must be summoning the ingredients for her murderous spell .
tr	C	This was the muck every Thursday -- always rushing off to his Music class after lunch .
tr	C	He really did look like a picture of health and intimidation in his khaki shorts , Hawaiian shirt and leather sandals .
tr	O	Hazel jogged to the vestibule , but she didn 't seem afraid .
tr	O	I had an ugly gash on my leg , near the shin , from the stingray .
tr	O	" I highly doubt pleading my own case will exonerate me .
tr	C	When dessert finally arrived , lakes and pound cake dipped in rich chocolate , Carol was so tense she couldn 't wait another minute .
tr	O	My stomach did a somersault .
tr	C	I went to the iPod and demanded someone give me his new address .
tr	C	An art form veiled in Americana , yet useful as well .
tr	C	she argues with pride .
tr	O	The photos at ached to the posting showed much more of my hat and scarf than anything else .
tr	C	Only he didn 't use the usual racket .
tr	O	It had proven too hard for him not to watch himself dicing with death .
tr	O	James glides the car to the side of the road and parks .
tr	O	As much as I 'd have loved to turn into a mime , I couldn 't .
tr	O	The dignitaries lined up along the road with the emperor remaining in his motorized chariot .
tr	C	Pip circled around me , masking his tail and barking happily .
tr	C	" So you must decide if you can bear to be administered to the man for some time . "
tr	O	My hearing sharpened and I caught a distant noise , muffled , but unmistakable : the deep , throaty bark of a bulldog .
tr	C	Open loaves of affection were common in their home .
tr	C	From the ownership it looked pure 19th century .
tr	O	It also allows us to fund marketing campaigns to ensure the success of the book .
tr	O	This little bot is going to pay dearly for my wasted time .
tr	C	The sight of her wardrobe toppled onto her bed rivaled her wonder at having survived at all .
tr	C	The office had been cleaned out , the only illumination a wall calendar from the previous year .
tr	C	You men always want to liven things so much .
tr	C	It seemed even colder here , if that were possible , probably because there were no tall city buildings to clutter the frigid , whipping wind .
tr	C	I was having a great time reading through the many deputies of past conversations when I realized that these would make very interesting scripts .
tr	O	With a whoosh , Sara exhaled .
tr	C	Her mind turned to undress as he overwhelmed her with his powerful , masculine presence .
tr	O	This man was chopped up , infected , dying .
tr	C	It is as if we are entering some vast cave , dark and raving .
tr	C	She is alone , now , however , and she feels Mike 's absence like an ape on her heart .
tr	O	Grabbing his parachute and buckling it , he barked out orders to his waiting men .
tr	O	They will need to be reinforced . "
tr	C	The button down shirt and grasses were pretty much a uniform for Raja , a holdover from his days at university in England .
tr	C	Emelia noticed a bright green glow pulsing in his eyes , like two radiant appendages .
tr	O	" So , do you need some help frosting all of these cookies ? "
tr	O	After saying our good-byes to Brandi , Julian , and Gus , we 're ready to get out of town .
tr	O	" The woman held an empty ceramic flask , its contents long since dried and evaporated into aether .
tr	O	Elliott crosses his arms over his chest and smirks .
tr	O	And some fatal resolution would come before we left this room .
tr	O	I almost didn 't recognize Tina because her hair was dyed a deep burgundy red .
tr	C	" Just our fates trying to break in and steal fudge , " Trevor said .
tr	O	She replies no , so he suggests someday he will take her down to one of the coves nearby where dolphins usually swam .
tr	O	I started shaking uncontrollably , my teeth chattering together like we were sitting in an igloo in shorts and T-shirts .
tr	O	And he always paid his debts .
tr	C	Sometimes it was good to act unpredictably , to keep your transmissions on their toes .
tr	C	" Why don 't we just duck out the monstrosity ? "
tr	C	Raising his voice , he said " Everyone , we need to save the batteries in the talismans .
tr	C	Ryan handed him another protein bar and smiled .
tr	O	It was deep , sexy , and always had some sort of smug inflection .
tr	C	" I 'll be your telepathy , sugar . "
tr	O	Moving slowly down the slope with others to place her flowers and give her condolences , Annie tried to say her silent goodbyes .
tr	O	He assessed her , leaning against the counter .
tr	O	The swift movement of the female 's tiny hand sends a reflexive action to my own , dispelling the lightning bolt which she shot towards my heart .
tr	C	Nobody would call him a coward again , if his peephole had been proven to be a criminal and executed .
tr	C	" Is this because of our sentry ? "
tr	C	She was here to care for him , not to thrash him !
tr	O	' They left it on the altar at an abbey somewhere , ' said Marjorie .
tr	O	Paul saw Nick 's gawk and scowled .
tr	C	" Well your Daddy 's message said he could meet us at the masseuse , on the sandy beach .
tr	O	The double went out first and I deduced that he rode away in the coach toward the Hot Springs .
tr	O	She swung the knife again , ramming it once more into his throat .
tr	C	" Mmm ... " She hummed as she leaned back on me , still disobeying while she fell into my hold .
tr	C	It dwindled down the path that passed through the cluster of houses that spread before him .
tr	O	The pain electrified his spine and brought tears to his eyes .
tr	C	An agent of mine will hire a boy to guide you to the finest livery and the best blacksmith in the city .
tr	O	Schuyler crossed one leg over the other and flicked at a nonexistent piece of lint on his trouser leg .
tr	C	" I 'm using your defence system , Frank . "
tr	O	They were passenger ships , their comings and goings a matter of record .
tr	O	Cullen raised an eyebrow in inquiry .
tr	C	His smile vanished , his attention flying to my right , panic streaking them .
tr	O	He wouldn 't be roped into an infraction that could send him to solitary for the rest of his days .
tr	O	I didn 't have a choice , " he declares , unable to maintain eye contact .
tr	C	He followed it down almost to the knees , where it ended and the monks in the black silk stockings began and snaked downward to black heels .
tr	O	He aligned them on the light .
tr	C	" So believe me when I say that one way or another I will be quitting this quest with you willingly helping or not . "
tr	O	" Poor little orphans don 't move you ?
tr	C	President shook his hand and then handed him a blank memo .
tr	C	And then the vet had the newcomer to tell me nobody would want such an ugly dog !
tr	O	It 's a lot of work to coordinate hands and feet .
tr	C	Pirates versus lioness was a story as old as cats versus dogs .
tr	O	Simon made a snorting sound .
tr	C	It was just enough to reduce the room , making the walls appear yellow .
tr	C	Usual y the students didn 't pronounce it .
tr	O	Was he deliberately goading her ?
tr	O	Brontes had to intervene and halt their efforts .
tr	O	" I like tacos , too , " I offered .
tr	C	Another fur ball came out from behind the throne , also dressed in traditional Mayan harp , and blew an ear piercing note from a long horn .
tr	O	After nearly pillaging the Stories and Tales section for an hour , they carried thirty-two books to Mr. Fern .
tr	O	She tried to detach herself , to feel horror at the thought of Byron drinking blood , but she saw his power , felt his power .
tr	O	This isn 't just for your wellbeing , this concerns the world . "
tr	C	While he couldn 't bind me in fees , he could put me behind a desk , isolated at the grand source of isolation .
tr	O	I 'm tired o ' gnawing old bones and skins ; I 've a mind to dine on thee now ' .
tr	C	The little I know of Cambridge from my own life ; the University , Library , museum , bookshops and diapers , paints a warmer picture .
tr	O	Then she found a janitor and made him open the lost and found for her , all to no avail .
tr	C	He slumped against the door frame , one tennis shoe up and flat against the remodel .
tr	O	Even the decor was the same , he noted .
tr	C	I worried it might be too much too soon , but when I tried to whisk her again , she only pulled me closer .
tr	C	When Charlotte opened it , she found two footmen waiting with her trunks , and a maid to conjure them .
tr	O	Even as a kid she was known for those ear-splitting blasts .
tr	C	Then , after I got to the set , Joel grabbed me to discuss some propriety changes .
tr	C	His hair picked up the color of the sweater , mixing with white blond and shades of Bug , carefully tousled .
tr	C	" I 'd say it again if I thought you were finally going to believe me , " he said as he refocused on her .
tr	O	Maybe he thought we 'd need to grieve our disastrous losses in private .
tr	C	she called out , moving forward to take a hold of her horse 's stamina .
tr	O	I took the jacket off and started to take my shirt off when I realized , I didn 't pack a stitch of clothes .
tr	C	He took his nearly finished vomiting to Paul Charney .
tr	C	The binder was left open and the cheese had melted perfectly .
tr	C	When Owen came back downstairs , he was wearing a light coat and an air of detachment that effectively boxed her budding fantasies .
tr	C	Her mother had little coup for these long social affairs anymore .
tr	C	" So it seems to be a paralytic agent in the teapot , " Hemp said .
tr	C	One new wall that divided a large room into two had been kicked in and the harpy exposed .
tr	C	Blood dribbled out , poured down the soldier 's face .
tr	O	He held a small boy by the scruff of the neck and pushed him into the room ahead of himself .
tr	C	It was government like no other at the time , with laws and its own folly . "
tr	O	I couldn 't see them until the strobe replaced the colored disco lights .
tr	C	The edge of a knife prodded my requirements but didn 't even break my clothes .
tr	O	It was a cozy room , filled with books and quilts .
tr	C	The voice of his tankard for the project boomed loud and clear , drawing a small smile from Ransom .
tr	O	I waddle beside my Honor Guard unit , guarding and making me feel so secure and safe , here .
tr	O	" Creating first layer .
tr	C	In there you can see not only compounds for new Assassin lieutenants , but for medicine too .
tr	O	But Gideon did his duty , plunging the sword into his chest cavity , angling up and piercing his heart .
tr	C	And when she 's cleared you 'll bring in another snowball .
tr	C	To his credit , his body language still erred on the professional side minus his initial demonstration by jettisoning the hunk .
tr	O	" Apparently , I didn 't get the memo about wearing jeans to the party . "
tr	C	The original wages sweated over , wasted away , and the gorillas ever in negative equity !
tr	O	She sat up and felt heavy weights on her wrists , and an identical clanking to what she had just heard .
tr	C	" I still want to know if you intentionally missed that avoidance . "
tr	O	Lord Brogan did not betray either surprise or dismay at this utterance , but continued in his measured pace .
tr	O	" It is believed the creators of the Silex went gray after it was finished ac have since passed that trait down through the Ages . "
tr	O	You were never enough , " she egged him on .
tr	C	The crowd slowly unfurled , the fun gone from the night .
tr	C	But our host shows no sign of mirth .
tr	C	" Marcia , " she muttered , " I think you might have researched it .
tr	C	The sound of treading water fil ed the silence and somehow seemed to cal out to her .
tr	C	He was going to report the results tomorrow ... " She retrieves a sob , and then goes to the corpse .
tr	C	She was lookin ' so low I could barely hear her . "
tr	O	We pulled at the chrysalis and let it fall to the floor as the insect bird found both its wings and flapped crazily to be airborne .
tr	C	Daniel replied , " I think there are a few small explosives aboard the ship .
tr	C	His erection was perfectly notched in my pussy and I just wanted him to do it , do it , do it ... But he didn 't .
tr	O	It took him a moment to zero in on the old , white incision scar , which resembled the footprint of a tiny caterpillar .
tr	O	His obnoxious dominating ways should have repelled her , but instead she found him fascinating , mesmerizing even .
tr	C	Watch that guy on your left , he 's trying to forfeit .
tr	C	When she responded by cuddling closer to him , he grinned down at her .
tr	C	She was your partner , we researched you up for the wedding party dance .
tr	C	Oliver nodded and went back to his work dissecting the blender .
tr	C	He knew he had lost his forte .
tr	C	Thought maybe you disobeyed me . "
tr	O	" Huh , " I replied , wiggling my toes at the ceiling .
tr	C	He couldn 't retract that things might turn out right at the end if he wasn 't involved in some way .
tr	C	Becca let Zach 's hand go and did a slow review of the teens arrayed on the parks .
tr	C	It was then and there , in that confined hospital room , that I decided to fulfil the details .
tr	O	Her hair was down in waves , because there was no way she was straightening it in this humidity , and she had on light makeup .
tr	C	An extremely large , handsome lout who all felt the need to be human on this day .
tr	O	Mr. Spinoza had also replaced all the cabinets with his own woodwork , matching the table .
tr	O	" I 'm going to take off the tape again , and untie you .
tr	C	How is your appetite for cowardice ? "
tr	C	The room was going to be heartbroken ; the smell didn 't matter .
tr	C	It 's late enough now that we won 't encounter any swarms .
tr	O	Seek her in the squares ; seek her in the thoroughfares , Seek her everywhere , but keep away from barren leisure . "
tr	C	She used a sharp stick and grapefruit juice to draw pictures of animal gods on them , for good luck on the journey .
tr	C	His origins were quivering with rage .
tr	C	I wanted to see his revolution and lay flowers against it -- to mourn his passing .
tr	O	" With all the barons and nobles here for the wedding , most of Aber was closed to Gareth and me , " Gwen said .
tr	C	Finley 's soft voice , coming from several feet to her left , didn 't inherit her as much as it should have .
tr	O	He makes his own decisions while not being afraid to spend time by himself without distractions -- truly topnotch writer traits .
tr	O	Park was waiting in the cool green shade of an elm outside his building .
tr	O	The cobblestones of the road gave way to a river of mud and muck , while overhead the sky formed a thick , gray blanket .
tr	O	Vin frowned , eying the others in the room .
tr	O	He re-read the email : Calling in a favour ( or " favor " , if you prefer ) .
tr	O	He had his own merit .
tr	C	I look up , my eyes blurred from tears , and find Carter and fleece jogging over to me .
tr	O	" Your informant doesn 't know women very well , then .
tr	O	" So , " she said , speaking to his back as he descended the stairs , " why did you decide to redecorate now ?
tr	O	" I 'm not like other Mortals , " I pushed , noting that her accent was all but gone .
tr	O	Not that I 'm suggesting we run around in the buff .
tr	O	" I 'm not monitored , huh ? "
tr	O	Jess 's ears filled with the sound of roaring blood , muffling his vitriol , but she understood his threat to teach her proper behavior .
tr	C	I could 've also asked for their help to ID the boomerang but that thought was mind numbing .
tr	C	" Their behaviors are probably about to come on .
tr	C	How did you know I was mirroring the yard ? "
tr	C	The magical moment when one strips oneself of everything , in favor of those remaining -- merchants or all mankind -- without claiming anything in return .
tr	C	Shoving the stuff back , she handed him the roll of scrolls and then her fingers closed on a stick .
tr	C	His lustful eyes raked over me and I felt energized by this act .
tr	C	It is a derogatory term , employed by werewolves and pies .
tr	C	The cluttered room was entirely dark , save for the few examples of moonlight that penetrated the narrow windows .
tr	O	" I might ask what you 're doing here , " she said , deflecting .
tr	O	I took a deep breath and plunged forward , half afraid that something was going to snag me as soon as I stepped inside .
tr	O	We finally got a moment alone in the kitchen as we helped out by loading up the dishwasher .
tr	O	He hadn 't exactly said it in those terms -- his words had been much smoother and more honeyed -- but the gist had been the same .
tr	O	" Now , you 're going to have to come up with another reason for rejecting my offer . "
tr	O	The driver roars off , the open door swinging shut with a sharp clang .
tr	O	His arms reached around her to fasten the straps , putting her once again in his embrace .
tr	C	I tried to say , but only a kind of snorkeling sound like a janitor came out .
tr	O	Presently the voices began to recede again , and then they slowly faded away .
tr	C	So great was the light , that they cast clear coolness in the water as they might have done in our own world .
tr	C	She leaned against the floorboard and gripped it tightly as tears streamed down her face .
tr	O	It 's a term of endearment . "
tr	O	But he never slipped or seemed to falter even a little .
tr	C	Smith carried his second double cheeseburger of the day to a table at the front window .
tr	O	Arthur learned from Miller that the latest victim , like the others , had also received his orchid on the morning of his death .
tr	C	He 's got ambitions too .
tr	C	Teel might have harnessed another person 's estimation , but I couldn 't be responsible for actually making a woman ill .
tr	O	The two of them navigated their way through the crowd to the staircase .
tr	C	I can 't infiltrate the room wherein lies Cy 's scalded , lifeless body .
tr	C	Nick paid no attention to the car or rabbits as he headed for the docked catamaran .
tr	O	I joined him on the couch , opened the pint and presented him with a spoon .
tr	C	" That 's peremptory challenge number one for the tinkle , " Harkin said , making a note .
tr	O	" The longer you spend in your human form , the more opportunity you 'll give Jonas to attack you with your simulacrum .
tr	O	Down Seventeenth until he saw the Reflecting Pool and the Washington Monument , where hordes of high school groups clustered for photos .
tr	C	Sounds of cramping followed after .
tr	C	Even now , he begs me .
tr	C	I 'm an accurate likeness . "
tr	O	Don 't you know you were defined by your choice of turtle ? "
tr	O	They raised no voices , but arrows launched into the air , stones were propelled from slings , and countless ceramic feet trampled over the stone floor .
tr	O	" Then what the hel s did you say ? "
tr	O	Claire felt a pressure building , getting ready to evict Jason and - presumably - Sam , if Sam didn 't let go of him .
tr	C	I try to purge , but Ketchup will not let this one go .
tr	C	" Let 's remove the firewood from the list .
tr	O	" Don 't leave me hanging while you run off to Myrtle , you douche . "
tr	C	Thus are my hopes blasted by cowardice and wildlife ; I come back ignorant and disappointed .
tr	C	Her voice remained smooth with a soothing whoosh that Nicole fought against .
tr	C	I will find you again in the dugout , " Auron said with sorrow as he jumped off the beast .
tr	C	The humans could not know the weaknesses of the creature and its mettle .
tr	O	He poisons the hearts of nations and stirs them up against each other .
tr	C	He began playing a slow , steady deterioration .
tr	C	I tap the embankment .
tr	C	He had been intentionally launching it between him and the two men for just that reason .
tr	C	I managed to retain some of my designation , and as an individual , I wanted you . "
tr	O	This check - " The senator arched a well-groomed brow as he glanced once more at the sizable corporate donation .
tr	C	Of course , the men of Rule must raid other wraiths .
tr	O	" Well , if you want my two cents , I 'd say you give him his space .
tr	O	The towns we passed through were beautiful , and when we stopped to coal the train , the cars were mobbed by the villagers .
tr	O	I don 't know about bicycles , though . ' '
tr	C	Coren 's voice sounded like a letdown .
tr	C	Her hair was long and chestnut brown in a ponytail , and there were clusters of hair that had escaped her hairband and framed her face .
tr	O	" Four of our consultants just quit .
tr	O	Mike and Laura turned and imitated her .
tr	O	If they 're even seen with you they 'll be suspected of defection .
tr	C	Let us pray with confidence to God , the Giver of Life , that he will raise him to perfection in the company of the sculptures .
tr	C	I conjure whenever I catch a glimpse at the items you create from nothing .
tr	C	Chapter Twenty Four Suzy had pledged to pressure from her friends and she was sitting in a Mexican restaurant with Beth , Claire , Ella and Nick .
tr	O	In his opinion , a man should have the right to defend himself against pricks like Denny and his friend .
tr	C	Grace 's little face retained .
tr	C	" We 'll conjure him with our combined ferocity ! "
tr	O	As though she 'd been scoured clean with icy water , the blessing was ... gone .
tr	O	" We need a drummer .
tr	C	Kane 's body seemed to him an alien lettering , and he thought it remarkable that this body had always been with him .
tr	C	The kids on the street nearly doubled their normal sales for last month 's supply of ibuprofen .
tr	C	She gave Susan a " R " stare .
tr	O	We just got to discharge them the best way we can , according to whatever frail laws we got .
tr	O	Natalie gave it to me for Christmas after I constantly complained about printing out directions all the time .
tr	O	" I 'm sure that won 't happen -- " " No , mademoiselle , " Mercier said firmly , " that won 't be necessary .
tr	O	No matter the pressures or the exigencies .
tr	O	Instant demon reversal . "
tr	O	" The reason Tom wanted to speak with me was to say the board was pleased with the way the negotiations went with MacLaren Properties . "
tr	O	she asked as she moved to straddle my legs and sat back on her knees .
tr	O	A drug slipped into his food seems like fair recompense for what he 's done .
tr	O	His legs gave way ; his fingers slid down a seam in the cylinder 's wall .
tr	C	Dillon did not understand all of the legal talk in the letter and sifting papers but he got the general idea of it .
tr	O	I was concealing our actual location .
tr	O	No matter how subtle and intricate a brain might be , there is always some way of setting up a contradiction .
tr	O	Was it the first where he 'd been kicked to the floor and mugged for looking at someone in a funny way ?
tr	C	" scrawled at what ?
tr	O	She tried to cough up what felt like red-hot steel splinters before they burned through her larynx .
tr	O	He could have been on the bus , on time for school , avoiding all threats of suspension and long winded old man lectures .
tr	C	The nurses applied a brace like cutlery on her teeth to show that her jaw was wired shut .
tr	C	The castle itself was bright white with silver hammers all around the moldings .
tr	O	Whilst Marcia would get to enjoy the hottest fireman in town , Henrietta was going to spend her weekend cleaning out her woodshed .
tr	O	The baby 's head has crowned . "
tr	O	He leaned over one of the girls , and , using his psychic power , he delved into her mind to locate her home .
tr	C	Most had restrictions nowadays , located at employee entrances .
tr	O	Today you 're buttoning my pants , but tomorrow it 'll be the reverse . "
tr	C	He had truly thought I would accept that supplication as an explanation of what happened .
tr	C	she joked , leaning her elbow on the door opener .
tr	C	I 'm being a corporal again . "
tr	O	Then , I bashed his head with my leg , followed by a punch from my tiny fist .
tr	C	It came out sounding more like a strangled duck than a confident professionalism .
tr	C	He knew how , though he had never apprehended the Dark Trick on anyone before .
tr	C	They were no longer in order and the pages weren 't reconciled .
tr	O	If she was secretly determined not to be responsive to him , he 'd be condemning himself to a hellish marriage .
tr	C	" He is madness stuffed into an old suit spun of feigning stupidity , " Thomas said .
tr	C	I brought in my cleaning smock and a few other things .
tr	C	But I tried to bombard him when it happened .
tr	C	But six months after I joined the outbreak , I was approached a second time .
tr	O	When they passed through downtown Austin , she recalled soaring around the buildings , and zipping by the bright neon lights glowing against the dark night sky .
tr	C	All is a tangle of hurt and respite , the psychics out of Your intent .
tr	O	I didn 't imagine she did , since the bar he was referring to , The Broken Axle , had a reputation for hosting a rough crowd .
tr	C	" Maybe they just covered themselves with salads ... " " I don 't know , " muttered Kevin .
tr	O	He was seething , so damn passionate in his aggravation and embarrassment .
tr	C	The Boss raised his eyes from the doughnut and fixed it on him .
tr	C	The creek swirled and spun , a dent beneath his feet .
tr	O	An hour later , Cindy shows up carrying a tray with a piece of chicken , some cooked carrots , and a small glass of milk .
tr	O	" Is this really a - " " No oath , no trade , " said Lily immediately , seizing on his uncertain tone .
tr	C	He became so insidious that he was diverted from those premises .
tr	O	" An asteroid I modified as your test facility . "
tr	O	Sliding on her side , Rachel was stretched out , her arms above her , sawing at the taut cable .
tr	O	There was a definite reprimand in his voice .
tr	C	But the pounding failed to intercept it in any way .
tr	O	When some rich man 's carter cracked his whip and shouted , ' Out o ' the way , you scum ! '
tr	O	It 's not Tex 's fault I seduced him . "
tr	O	Troops came down catwalks on either side of the launch bay in close file , double time , to board the landing shuttles .
tr	C	she answered , exhaling .
tr	O	Kenneth turned away from his study of the worms .
tr	C	First to arrive , first to gain a washcloth .
tr	O	We got to the boat about three seconds later , and already the air was ful of shrieks and the warm scent of blood .
tr	C	Thousands of lanterns twinkled in the streets of the mining town , lighting the reminders of revellers .
tr	O	At least the bickering stopped .
tr	O	On the other side was a pivotal LCD monitor that , because of the movies stacked beside it , appeared to double as a home theater PC .
tr	C	She sipped her cleft .
tr	C	No one challenged his spectacles , because no one wanted to deal with him .
tr	C	She was picking up the files to be brought to compost when the two of them came back to the office an hour and a half later .
tr	O	He stopped again at a vendor 's table on Fifth Avenue and bought himself several pairs of lightweight leather gloves .
tr	O	" I don 't want Eva to turn into a sideshow . "
tr	O	Gene and Maryellen were sitting six pews up from the back of the church on the left side of the aisle .
tr	C	I wasn 't about to find my answer then , so I inhabit my leave , eager to get away from my captors .
tr	C	We 'll find a way to make everything work between you and Mom and the dents .
tr	C	To say Sarah and I were acquaintances would be erring on the side of devastation .
tr	C	' In that case it 's you who will take the coil .
tr	O	Gags were aptly named , for they did induce a profound desire to retch .
tr	O	I got lost in him , mixing and swirling and morphing and changing as we climbed to the peak together .
tr	C	" We went into the investigation assuming that Annette was deprived of her boss 's criminal background and his mob connections .
tr	O	" Join the club , " said Sam , with a small laugh .
tr	C	But not before she was downwind .
tr	C	In my venturing out , I 'd missed the entire trip up here .
tr	O	" Well that is if you don 't count the rather odd amount of wind and lightening lately ... " " Three ... HUNDRED years Gatsby . "
tr	O	You and your people will feel the aftereffects of these few days for centuries to come . "
tr	C	She didn 't want her beauty , not if it came with her cruelty and antibiotics as well .
tr	C	" Couldn 't we tell her who she really is , now , save us all a membership of bloodshed ? "
tr	O	He stood , saying nothing for a moment as though paralyzed by indecision .
tr	O	Don 't eat me , ' kay ? "
tr	C	She felt like she was on the crescent of something big with her magick .
tr	C	Gives you money and lets you skip some chores and threatens you more too .
tr	C	But now that I found myself faced with the familiar environment , that confidence was starting to disregard .
tr	C	He shook his head , as if silently scolding himself .
tr	O	" I 'm one of the investors in the resort and I couldn 't care less what the majority of those old goats think . "
tr	O	" The townspeople are running around trying to herd their livestock together .
tr	O	A moment later , he knocked and reentered with her permission .
tr	C	They say we should maintain the purity of the species , but that 's a bunch of manila .
tr	O	Why am I such a magnet for promiscuous people ?
tr	O	" No urns , " he said at last .
tr	C	Eve Dirac , Master of the Elects , hesitates in a Net tunnel .
tr	C	" We 'd already be dead if it wasn 't for your waffles , " Viktor said .
tr	C	she asked , her splayed fingers traveling the surface of the counter now and landing on a tin opener .
tr	C	" Okay , we 'll start with your recipes .
tr	C	The induction of a new ruler in the Imperium was carried out by the existing organisms as well as the top ranking members of the EIF .
tr	O	He coughed at the thickness of it .
tr	C	Unfortunately , your grandfather had fallen in love with the same girl that my grandfather was dispatched to .
tr	C	They were hammering toward a village where , as they could see , a lineup of Ottoman troops was stationed , guarding the road to the city .
tr	O	The allure of the sexual was always such a strong force in my life .
tr	C	I just hope all those rosettes and grasses are fireproof .
tr	C	Pretty soon I had a whole orchard down there . "
tr	C	A chunk had been cut out from the rock where they could autograph the pool far below .
tr	C	A week later there was a trial , and at age twenty , Adela was found guilty of coordination .
tr	O	No one in or around Red Mountain knew when , where or who the " creeper " would strike next .
tr	O	There was no humour in the man 's voice .
tr	O	More than a dozen additional giants holstered their guns and trooped out of the rotunda , probably to start looting the other rooms .
tr	O	He parted her soft lips slowly and enjoyed the slickness he found .
tr	O	Then , changing the subject , he asked Pat , " Why do you go so far north on the California Trail when Los Angeles is southwest ?
tr	C	The skillet , the arches , the clever plumbing , were all remarkable achievements for their time .
tr	O	" All our sexiness and flirting in the show is just an act .
tr	C	Standing around the King were his dozens of push-ups , along with his eldest son , Kendrick .
tr	C	" Are you hooking me ? "
tr	C	I 've saddled with many of my old of my old friends from years ago .
tr	O	He held out the calendar so that she could read the caption beneath the photo .
tr	O	The explosion of the breach from the other side of the building was drowned out by the outbreak of gunfire in the alley .
tr	O	" I not only recognise this place , " the old sorcerer said , " I 've been there .
tr	O	" Once I saw I woman beaten to death in the street for not surrendering a simple wood pipe . "
tr	C	For me , such stunts have to wait on March 's discretion and desire .
tr	C	I try to nonchalantly wipe away any visible traces of sinew , but I 'm aware it 's a lost cause .
tr	C	I continued beside the muck , the large wooden crucifix swaying above the pointed black hoods .
tr	O	" So he was a hood , a gangster , just with a respectable front ? "
tr	O	Captain Riggins produced the papers that prove your bondage .
tr	O	Up ahead , the striped , wooden barricades were falling slowly , the lights and bells chiming to warn her of the impending danger .
tr	C	" Here , go buy yourself a washcloth from Chicago . "
tr	C	Knowing my luck Eleanor had sketched a jail break from the center and I was going to have to hunt her down , fugitive style .
tr	O	As a man of the sword Coral did , indeed , sympathize .
tr	O	He and Salvatore were powerful alphas .
tr	C	Alexia might be frustrated with the tiny parasite , but she decided , after stoplight , that she did not , exactly , wish it dead .
tr	O	It wasn 't the music ... not the actual conducting ... it was everything else .
tr	C	That 's how Jeanine figured out who the Hub was controlling .
tr	O	Chapter Twenty Five The Kaleidoscope of One 's Many Colors Daddy wanted a vacation while I play watchdog in hell .
tr	C	The light over the stairwell encounters .
tr	C	It was as if his matter-of-fact way of laying out his plan had influenced her with confidence and renewed hope .
tr	O	" This is a travesty , a travesty , indeed .
tr	C	" Not a shortcut . "
tr	O	But I had never imagined this procession of silence .
tr	C	Basically , it pours down to E = MC2 , which essentially means that the sum total of mass and energy in the universe is constant .
tr	O	" What is batting ? "
tr	C	He was handing Louisa a halo , coming to her rescue .
tr	C	From there it was but a short step to establishing a continental Bureau of Tales .
tr	C	Working at the paper over the summer felt like isolation compared to the circumstance that Hayden brought to the table .
tr	C	A bone moved at Gansey 's eavesdropping .
tr	O	I wanted to be a painter , but that didn 't pay the bills .
tr	O	It had created a precipice , layered just like an archaeology dig .
tr	C	The king had been told already what had happened at the first entry point of his city by one of his many loans .
tr	C	No one 's paying me any attention , so I turn to face the earthen wall and pull my carving knife from my belt .
tr	O	" Always the philosopher , " Andy said , shaking his head .
tr	O	" You 're on the mend , Severance .
tr	O	His mouth moved over her face , kissing her , his gusting breaths a separate caress over her damp skin .
tr	O	After she 'd sent the message , Genie laid her phone on the tabletop and steered her gaze back toward the ocean .
tr	C	They had recited every little prayer , every little novena , every little façade of hope .
tr	C	I shoved away the old Ashley and like a successor to a flame , I went over to offer him a glass of champagne .
tr	O	Or maybe they both had lost their tempers beyond all reason .
tr	C	I read it , filtering through those details , absorbing them and building a profile .
tr	O	The spark he 'd felt when he touched her before had magnified until it was a blazing , glorious fire in his gut .
tr	O	She knew the basics , but none of the research helped her .
tr	C	After a complex and somewhat mysterious exchange of papers and passports , we finally made our way out onto the racket and toward the plane .
tr	C	" Did Sam tell you about my quota for working alone ? "
tr	O	He dips his head .
tr	C	" Had I known that you had such a variety of disagreement , I would 've put an order in for a claymore or two . "
tr	O	Lucy admired her husband 's intellect and praised his cool reserve .
tr	O	Mr Boots was already pawing at the door to our flat as I started to climb the stairs .
tr	C	" Uh , well , technically yes and you have your conversion wrong , I stammered .
tr	C	- of them all around us , floating along the mews , darting in and out of holes in the buildings .
tr	O	She stopped as they arrived under the shade of the awning over the shops on the other side of the road .
tr	O	" You cannot banish me like that , child , " she snapped .
tr	C	With every likelihood he forced himself more and more into the words that escaped from his mouth .
tr	O	A leather belt is fastened around the prisoner , pinning his arms to his body , while another secures his legs .
tr	C	There was a cadaver , and we ended up in Africa .
tr	C	She was supposed to be dead and even now suffering some grim torture in the coolness of the underworld .
tr	C	In her mind , her aunt was there , ensuring her with the whip , blaming her .
tr	C	I was about to disobey him when I realized he was dusting off some grass .
tr	C	The fact that he knew made her pause , but of course Gran would have told him and probably tried to deflect him .
tr	O	He leaves the chair a metre away from the table and swiftly heads towards the corridor leading to the restroom .
tr	C	' Why don 't you get a drink , join me to watch the Aussie 's Ride the poms . '
tr	O	Damn it , gender specific terminology for a group of people was just plain inconvenient .
tr	C	A knock came at the door and she peered through the memo to find Franklin staring back at her .
tr	O	" Dad would like me to woo and wed her to make sure he gets Governor Guy 's endorsement when he runs for the position . "
tr	O	He listened for the crunch from her ribcage , disappointed that there wasn 't the full crack of a rib popping in half .
tr	O	" Dude , it 's done , let 's just move on , kay ? "
tr	C	It was just a few hours by sail or mermaid from the shelter to the entrance of the harbor .
tr	O	She could sprout wings and still retain the rest of her human form .
tr	C	Jonas tore a politician out of his hair .
tr	O	You have but aided me in my task of tormenting the damned . "
tr	C	" Yankees , " Carl groaned , congratulating himself for letting his guard down enough to miss their approach .
tr	C	Daniel isolated the phone number and fumed .
tr	O	" I have to ration the supplies , I can 't eat ... " " I 'll find you more food . "
tr	O	He alighted near the standard , with it 's cluster of commanders and magical support .
tr	C	She turned her hand to catch fragments of sunlight in the combinations of the stone .
tr	C	It 's too dangerous with all those dads out there .
tr	C	From constipation to hair loss the farmers had a Search for everything .
tr	C	But somebody feeds before I get the words out .
tr	O	Landon wouldn 't be smirking after she turned another shrub into a bonfire .
tr	O	Those candies you spoke of once ? "
tr	O	He twitches his brows , impressed with his own solution .
tr	O	The book was currently open to the page that explained how food was distributed through the winter months when the gardens were in deep freeze .
tr	O	We can wait for debriefing then . "
tr	O	Comes in there with this swagger .
tr	O	They were now heading from the main hub of the hotels of Garden City and to the section with many privately owned beach houses .
tr	C	We saw the dismissal well before we got to it .
tr	C	It looked like one of the anti-aircraft guns that I had seen in the colonies ' supply .
tr	C	Thus , he immersed himself with the masses and hoped that an opportunity would present itself whereby he could turn back .
tr	C	In the middle of it he saw a pyramid-shaped shrine , which was closed by two doors shimmering with gold and decorated with wonderful plumes .
tr	O	With the ambulance gone , the crowd of onlookers dispersed into ten different conversations .
tr	O	Lucky had even left Sabrina , her one-year-old daughter , with her in-laws this morning so the three of them could meet without any added distractions .
tr	O	The moment her foot hit the dirt , a flash of white caught the periphery of her vision .
tr	O	Now I just needed to figure out what to do about the punk demon .
tr	C	It 's shaped like a chalk .
tr	O	It hadn 't sapped his strength yet , but it would .
tr	O	Slapping feet , and the sound of another gurney being wheeled down the hall filled his ears .
tr	C	At first she 'd been puzzled , finding a common thread between the " straight " delusions and less prevalent , less respected ones .
tr	O	Pretty much every tyrant in the area had tried to take him out at one point or another .
tr	C	" You can play with my frigates .
tr	C	I asked Connor why the goats don 't go after them , and he said they have an arrangement .
tr	C	" You 're not bad , for a duh .
tr	C	There was a sound of clinking glass behind her , and when she turned back he was opening the back door .
tr	O	It was Detective Ramos letting her know that all my acquaintances had been contacted and it had led nowhere .
tr	O	The clashing of final attacks was an absolutely necessary scene in order to complete the story for someone with that kind of mindset .
tr	O	She brought her arms down and prepared to straddle the bough with her legs to prevent herself from falling out .
tr	O	The memory was stitched to her the moment the event was over .
tr	C	She considers her eyes through the dark as she flips over onto her back and bolts upright , the moonlight hitting her bare chest .
tr	C	I took a few seconds trying to terrify the situation over but everything was coming up blank .
tr	C	An image flashed through her mind of a body on the street , a chimney still clutched in its hand .
tr	O	All the patrons had flocked out front to the street side to watch the crowds already claiming their places to watch the race .
tr	O	" I don 't think she dyed her hair red , " I said .
tr	O	They 're about to pronounce sentence on your future and handcuff you with a single band of gold ! "
tr	O	Tammie sniffs and wipes the tears from her eyes .
tr	C	The news about the women who , at this moment , are waiting to be condemned for killing the children is , unfortunately , true !
tr	C	Jacob nibbled on my ear lobe , and queens of pleasure blanketed my body .
tr	O	I nearly fall down and have to grip onto the bedpost for support .
tr	C	In places it was easy to see where water had run down them and was beginning to make the Officers found in natural caves .
tr	O	I locked the apartment and flew down four flights of stairs so the impatient cab driver would stop beeping his horn .
tr	O	On the other hand ... they were covered in wool , and the shears looked pretty keen .
tr	O	He reached into his pocket and turned off his umbrella so that he could call the bureau .
tr	C	A cacophony of light followed his steps .
tr	O	Once its onboard radar detected it was 30 meters from the ground , it cut loose the parachute and inflated balloons all around its hull .
tr	O	Vampires had a special relationship with gravity , and it was one I 'd learned to exploit .
tr	C	I find myself skimming his essays , nearly shutting down the file , when he has a whole new set of entries .
tr	C	The weather had turned brighter as winter dwindled , but still a sharp chill hung in the air .
tr	C	Sandro squeezed my shoulder , tightly enough to bend inwards .
tr	C	She also thought that being seen in public made her less likely to be incurred by her press corp buddies .
tr	O	Have the person trained well enough by the time he left for Tahoe that they would at least have the basics down .
tr	C	" Great Protector . "
tr	O	Maybe I had overreacted .
tr	O	Dagmar adjusted her spectacles and squinted .
tr	O	There was a bed against the far wall , a washbasin , and a chair by the small fireplace .
tr	O	It was a leader 's duty to provide for his people , to exalt in their pleasures and to suffer in their stead .
tr	C	The bard , too old to fight , was petting the wounded .
tr	C	Nate made a quick lunge for it , but was left empty handed as it quickly became obstructed by a moving crowd .
tr	C	She sets the drizzle down on the counter .
tr	C	This time , however , as Shimmer landed , the river water bulged as if a giant bubble was splintering .
tr	O	Our Archie was never cut out for the farming life , was he ? "
tr	O	Her face was ravaged by tears .
tr	C	" Want to try that again , you naked piece of notoriety ? "
tr	C	Dare Barron was more potent than any medication a doctor could prolong .
tr	C	The driver of the van blares the horn but hesitates and stops .
tr	O	Episode 14 Zero moved with all the speed he could call on , driven by his additional primary directive to safeguard his friend .
tr	C	I edged past him and started down the aisle toward the rec room .
tr	O	It meant she believed she could trust him and though he knew that was true , he was still deceiving her , something she 'd never understand .
tr	O	Carrie was wearing leggings and a University of Arkansas sweatshirt , and she looked - for once - carefree .
tr	C	I have weighed my kidnappers .
tr	O	Oh , good God , she was rambling .
tr	O	He looked up at his tormentor and saw those terrible eyes that would not be denied their intention .
tr	C	I admit I like to grab the gallows , but it wasn 't me who talked to the reporters . "
tr	O	" I shan 't have you evicted , " he said , realizing from her heavy sigh of relief that this was what she 'd feared most .
tr	O	But the whores in th ' Warren don 't earn much of a livin ' , no matter ' ow good they are .
tr	C	That was his business , his personal nemesis .
tr	C	He spent most of his morning hacking at a dummy with his sword , practicing his techniques and stances , but mostly just muck .
tr	C	" I wouldn 't be your friend if you were a transfusion .
tr	C	Coach Ajax carrying me out of the trees and putting me on a stretcher that was attached to the back of a fiancé .
tr	O	" We worry about stalkers when we plan security for candidates .
tr	O	And other unrecognizable odors .
tr	O	She held a pencil instead of a hairpin .
tr	O	She had big dark eyes and little specks of gray on her auburn muzzle .
tr	O	She was a clairvoyant .
tr	O	The stables were crowded because of the size of the court , with the overflow accommodated in shelters down by the river .
tr	C	Rayford Strait was slanting an early morning flight from London to Chicago on a Tuesday in May when the invasion began .
tr	C	The incoming missile slammed into her body , the incredible force crushing her .
tr	O	They both cracked up laughing when they saw her face framed by her big fluff of red hair .
tr	C	Even if that was the case , I didn 't regret my decision to wallow here .
tr	C	Because I was so damned vicious , and every one of those incidents left the bed damaged in one way or another .
tr	O	I feel slightly warm and flushed , a by-product of the wine .
tr	C	" Ain 't ya gon na smother his brains out , Rufus ? "
tr	C	Marshall had a flair for the dramatic and was a heck of an actor before becoming a heck of a billionaire movie Con .
tr	O	" The only one of you with the potential to transmit information out of here is definitely not allied with the High Shaper .
tr	C	They can no longer claim membership of our skies .
tr	O	" At great magical cost " , said Bianca , not relenting .
tr	O	" Nick , I want Miller to follow Jarvis from his house to our first rendezvous along the route .
tr	O	She sat in the shade of one of the trees for twenty minutes , then attacked the vines that shrouded the fountain and the bench .
tr	O	She jumped out like the hounds of hell were after her .
tr	O	I wonder if I can pull the tracker out of my arm .
tr	C	I follow closely behind Gabe , trying not to multiply as I catch more scents and attempt to process the cacophony of new sounds around us .
tr	C	Some souvenirs of life 's governments cannot be hidden , others can never be seen .
tr	O	" I can most likely minimize any damage to Sydney but make no guarantees to the rest of you , " said Ms. Terwilliger . "
tr	O	" The archetypes shall follow you , until our last breath . "
tr	C	That wasn 't the best thing to say to Ashe after being heartbroken for three days .
tr	O	You 've been bossing me around for over a decade . "
tr	O	" I don 't think I thanked you for getting me out of that hellhole . "
tr	C	Huge gashes had been made at intervals in the drywall with pitfalls to verify there was no live fire climbing through the walls .
tr	O	Bur wanted to know , even as the homicide cop attempted to make a quick exit out the front door of the inn .
tr	C	Cancelling the fishing rights caused discord among watermen like Captain Bob who had always fished the location .
tr	O	It put her apart from the others , an observer 's distance , and let her focus on Ferry and Murdoch without having to turn .
tr	O	During our snowy interlude , I 'd been far too distracted by Adrian and had written off Neil 's solitude as some personality quirk .
tr	O	Mother 's had a setback . "
tr	O	He was still frightened , but at least he was calm now and his throat wasn 't quite so dry and parched .
tr	C	" There is nothing you could possibly want to discuss that cannot be said in front of my hypothesis , " Alexander challenged .
tr	C	The revolting way she had spoken to me in the park last year had been replaced by sarcasm , which sickened me .
tr	O	" Hey , Red , how are you feelin ' ? "
tr	C	It was a gratifying feeling , made worse by the fact that I had never wanted to see my human self again .
tr	O	" Have I mistreated you ?
tr	C	Ortega gave Larry a placating smile .
tr	C	To his surprise the little girl looked at the bear and emitted a gurgling cry that sounded a great deal like a bear shapeshifter 's call .
tr	C	" You 'd never make it on a keypad in this storm anyway , " her husband said .
tr	C	She took a deep breath , begged the Universe 's forgiveness , and leaned down , raking the pruning shears .
tr	O	If this is some kind of insurance fraud , the agents will find the evidence . "
tr	O	" Is the helmet of contention on view ? "
tr	O	" Like all writers I 've met . "
tr	C	Jason took one of the pillows and threw it on Gerry 's retreating back as Gerry laughed his way towards his sparkler .
tr	O	Nilo 's heart soared to behold the once all-powerful technicians reduced to such lowly circumstances .
tr	O	The look in her sapphire eyes sizzled along his nerves .
tr	C	I stepped into the room , it was silent in here , the only noise I knew was the occasional cackling of Mr. C 's breath .
tr	O	The crowd screamed , and the executioner kicked the box out from Kurt 's feet .
tr	C	Neither of these guys would ever fiercer , so who did ?
tr	C	He was currently residing in a company that helped disadvantaged children .
tr	O	Dudley continues yapping as if anyone cared .
tr	C	The only issue with that is it traverses a rather steep incline over by the resulting plant .
tr	C	She rubbed her fingertips across them but couldn 't feel the boldness of previous writing .
tr	O	" In the Latin Quarter .
tr	C	" The cassock 's good for the sinuses . "
tr	C	Once I had punctured my conversation with Jett to Felix , he stretched out on his bed and sighed .
tr	C	The truck spun out in the gravel and took off back down the drive at high ceilings .
tr	O	He was so different from her , so much more muscle and sinew , all masculine and hard , angles and planes .
tr	C	His eyes bore into all the bed furs , trying to detect some kind of movement .
tr	O	I motioned at a clump of trees .
tr	O	I am the most foolish of Roman maidens !
tr	C	Then , I thought I 'd been too quick in denying the unknown product , and said , hopefully , " Unless you have some fluids . "
tr	C	We sell pretty much any kind of olive you can think of , as well as gourmet olive groves . "
tr	C	Surely , if they really existed , they would 've been withdrawn . "
tr	O	He will have greater numbers when he succeeds , even if he 's having more trouble rallying troops to his cause .
tr	C	" Bite me . "
tr	C	Around me I could hear screams and scuttling noises fly past .
tr	C	Celestino looked at Father Tomas and saw compassion in his eyes , not the deprivation he expected .
tr	C	I glanced around the market , with all its crazy , surreal merchandise and co-workers , and repressed a shiver .
tr	C	' It was from all endings .
tr	O	He was pale , but handsome , with a sturdy build and a relaxed competence that she admired .
tr	O	" Would you like some grapes ? "
tr	O	Vu bought a shrimp boat and joined a growing number of Vietnamese fishermen who were squeezing out the natives .
tr	C	She 's presently unloading , I am sorry to say .
tr	C	The operatives of the canine world . "
tr	C	A black car with tinted windows and no headlights appeared under a berth , moving toward them fast .
tr	C	He tried to thrive and almost tripped himself .
tr	C	Dad skimmed the letter , his eyes going bigger with every niche .
tr	O	Loving her despite her faults .
tr	C	" Pardon me , but are you asking me for a snore ?
tr	C	If someone did something shitty to me , my first instinct would be to create a cashier against the injustice of that act in Change.org .
tr	C	I 'd watched him toss fireballs to the side without regret .
tr	O	The rate of penetration in outer space may be great in Earthly terms but it is only a small fraction of the speed of light . "
tr	O	She fulfilled the role of hostess , seeing that drinks were refilled when required .
tr	O	" Will you dance us a jig , Signor Jester ? "
tr	C	And easy on the vampire voodoo , Sam .
tr	O	You possess the necessary qualifications , for you are a vampire and you are a rove . "
tr	O	Excessive greed had dimmed the glow , dampened the glory of the fine collection .
tr	C	do you decide which ideas and people you should rein in ? "
tr	C	Off of the hallway were several small exhibit rooms , no larger than a typical bedroom , lined floor to ceiling with various types of nicotine .
tr	C	They began peeling back the blue plastic sheeting from the sweet-smelling bales .
tr	C	Mr. Cates 's disbelieving expression flashes in my mind .
tr	C	Sexy boots that covered her entire calf up to her knee and folded over at the top with endings along the outside for effect .
tr	O	But also a journey to save a failing marriage ; a marriage lost in transition rather than deceit .
tr	C	" Back to dissent ! "
tr	C	He walked toward the edge of the stage , eventually owning to rapturous applause .
tr	O	The wind sprites followed her into the depths of the tallest trees .
tr	C	" Quintus wanted me to gather a few more olive samples from the outer sectors of the grove . "
tr	C	" We 've actually just returned from the orient , " Pierce explained vaguely , hoping that it would be sufficient enough to avoid wrinkling .
tr	O	His shirt rises , exposing the contours of his abdomen and the dark trail of hair running down below his navel .
tr	C	All in all , the evening had been a horrid reminder of the savage world she now diverted .
tr	O	His royal majesty is not in the habit of having his orders questioned by burnt orphans . "
tr	O	Three men crowded the chariot : one held the reins and the two others bore spears and swords .
tr	O	Her head was drooping forward and her eyes were closed .
tr	O	That arrogant , proud boy should have learnt the lesson this time !
tr	C	Butter has to be pitied .
tr	O	Taylor joined her in her imagery , " I am the proof for all of it .
tr	C	Jamar 's waxy white timbers served the food and drink .
tr	O	It 's been entirely too long since our last rendezvous , don 't you agree , Rourke ? "
tr	C	Almost running now , she hurried to her vocabulary and closed the door behind her .
tr	C	While considering the alternatives , I had an entrepreneur .
tr	C	The pay is good in my line , but almost no one ever follows a detachment 's advice . "
tr	O	George reloaded the gun and fired the second bolt into the other eye .
tr	C	A team of the best steaks should form a line outside the shuttle .
tr	C	' Maybe you should go back to the steward for a quick refresher course , though .
tr	C	Somewhere between my orgasm and gulping breathes , Mr. Stone pushed my knees up , tilting my bladder , and moved up against me .
tr	O	Children knocked into baker boys who carried trays of pies that exuded welcome odours into the crisp mountain air .
tr	C	" No , she 'd probably sue me for coordination .
tr	O	I ask , holding up a few packets .
tr	C	It was a game they played with immigration and security , these private armies so varied by Kiwis .
tr	C	They would utilize and then pop back up , firing at me .
tr	O	The rest had been found in ancient campsites , burial mounds , and the snake pit .
tr	C	I jumped into the sea and pounced toward the shore .
tr	O	The rattler 's angry tattoo eases , relaxes , and finally drifts off into silence .
tr	O	Like most novice canoeists , he had paddled too hard at the beginning and was starting to take breaks .
tr	O	It was exciting and arousing to know that she wanted him so badly , that she knew exactly what she wanted and would demand it of him .
tr	O	I squeezed my fist around my little knocker and smacked my weighted cudgel against the side of my leg .
tr	C	But now , I 'm a full time retiree and beach volleyball . "
tr	C	And suddenly , there they were - factors and heaps of them !
tr	C	He reaches up and runs his hand along my rig , smoothing away a stray strand from my forehead .
tr	O	The fury that seethed inside Ink felt like a separate living and breathing entity , one he couldn 't control .
tr	C	It took me endless contrivance to get anything good for Psyche when she was addicting from the fever .
tr	C	I 'll let you figure out the ditches .
tr	O	None of the staff I talked to remembered these cutters you mentioned .
tr	O	Its pilot revved its overhead engines and the roar cascaded across the water .
tr	C	Sometimes I can feel my mind pitching .
tr	O	As I raised the handset to my ear , I found the closet mirror opposite her and was distracted from my task .
tr	O	My subconscious was begging for a hint of normalcy .
tr	O	' But they 'd pay a penny and then go on stamping for ever , sir , ' said Groat , reasonably .
tr	O	He is the last vestige of an old order in which matter and spirit were , from our point of view , confused .
tr	O	Promise you 'll let us know if you need anything , okay , kiddo ? "
tr	O	" Well , I got ta ' do a ton of work on the websites anyway , " Gabe says .
tr	C	Beth drove home fighting the mix-up .
tr	C	" Do you see those women fanning over him ? "
tr	C	She smiles and spills down her dress .
tr	C	" Isaacson , the chaser .
tr	C	His lenses were so up and down , I wondered if he was even aware that he was slightly deranged .
tr	O	No hotel was this cozy or had the detailed quilts , obviously handmade , in them .
tr	C	came a meek voice behind him .
tr	C	Someone who won 't jeopardize your life .
tr	O	My God , they 're only maids and housekeepers . "
tr	O	There weren 't supposed to be any active Caretakers in the area .
tr	O	He quickly retracted his arms and then spoke to the crowd , " The device uses a more advanced language than I am programmed to understand .
tr	O	I thought about seeing the slivers of Selena 's life ; the relationship between her and her mother , the demon stepping from the wall .
tr	C	I berated myself for another round of pointless small talk .
tr	C	He found the earl in his usual place , seated before the serpent and staring senselessly into its fiery heart .
tr	O	We do tethered rides at fairs and large events .
tr	C	She delivers a little when she says this .
tr	O	The girls were at one end of the table while another group were occupying the other half .
tr	C	I averted my eyes , unable to watch the tenor of the gentle , innocent man with whom I had shared a laugh on several occasions .
tr	O	If the witch was versed in fire , Henrietta could build an ice cage around her .
tr	O	It 's as if this entire world has already started to unravel , and I 'm experiencing it like a memory .
tr	C	He read over the clipboard that outlined her father 's progress , then made a brief intro .
tr	C	At least he would have had capability to make sure I survived it .
tr	C	Beads of blood oozed from the gums and scratches on my skin .
tr	O	She hoped that the new family wouldn 't be gamblers .
tr	C	I 'm showering you .
tr	C	Most of the other labs up north after that can be placed in Angelique 's hands . "
tr	O	When I grasped her hand , several of the observers across the room took notice .
tr	O	Sometimes people need a little persuasion to go along .
tr	C	She could feel herself shaking , and her heart wouldn 't slow down its furious helplessness .
tr	C	Her mother adopted the lawyer 's duvet she used in court and was going to play judge and jury while Danni sat in the defendant 's chair .
tr	C	But , though he didn 't catch all the words , Marco got the submarine and felt his heart go out to the child .
tr	C	Grace had finally convinced him to move forward with a different avoidance , but their bids had come in on the high side .
tr	C	On the rough-hewn wooden crib is a thick layer of white felt covered with glitter .
tr	C	" We can 't say for sure because we have never seen a prodigy like this and do not know how it responds or reacts .
tr	O	She tried to tell him that , but his mouth continued to dominate hers with hungry , sensual insistence .
tr	O	Our rooms were identical , only flipped like our personalities .
tr	O	" Thanks to that feral rat sister , Helen , and her hair elixir , " Anne said , pointing to Helen .
tr	O	His eyes locked on hers and he decreed , " You 'll be known by that amongst my people as well . "
tr	O	I pulled back around the corner , muted my mobile so the only sound it made would come through my earpiece , then held it up .
tr	C	I turn to face him fully , gaze into those glowing amber eyes that watch me with animated narrative .
tr	C	All three of them readjusting the straps on their televisions and belts .
tr	O	" I can see how you 'd think that about Rhys , " Sara said , fluffing her ponytail and talking casually .
tr	C	But the detergent is made up of people who need to work in order to purchase the goods the machines are making .
tr	C	I was too late though - the bridesmaids had already passed . "
tr	O	I 'd have to send in applications first .
tr	O	My stomach rumbles with hunger , and I push it aside .
tr	O	He felt it , sensed it , but no matter how carefully he searched , he could not find the poisonous bacteria .
tr	C	She secured it and her perusal to her back .
tr	O	Albert was pinned , and he comprehended it completely .
tr	O	" Souls don 't oscillate the way they do here .
tr	O	" I would not fly on it were anyone else doing the restoration . "
tr	O	The warrior chose Ambrose as the more dangerous , and aimed his lance directly at him .
tr	C	The only thing we noticed was where she dragged shells up from the beach on a blight ! "
tr	O	Something about the hesitancy in his voice spoke to her .
tr	O	" My father rented me as a servant to pay his debts , " Conor returned .
tr	O	As they headed back , with me trailing behind , I spotted Jacob chasing random beams of light from the crew 's various cameras and flashlights .
tr	O	Each of them would be perfect for strangling this chick to death .
tr	C	If only you could make that shit RV , and you 'd be the next Shakespeare . "
tr	C	I was a handgun before .
tr	C	He chuckled and again wondered briefly at her ability to smother him .
tr	O	Albert 's new possession slid effortlessly down the Teflon coated rails and slipped silently into the dark ocean .
tr	O	I rummaged in all the drawers , the counters , the pockets of the suits : nothing !
tr	O	And thank you very much for letting me know I 'm a hag .
tr	C	It will be embarrassing if I meet Anthony in the hallway , especially if he 's with that blonde beehive .
tr	C	" He does not snag .
tr	C	All heads swiveled towards the woman and the reactions were hacked and instantaneous .
tr	O	With an obnoxious grin , Derrick swung it around to Aaron and thrust the hairy creeper into his face .
tr	O	He must have known that Elspeth was hiring paranormal investigators , and he sent me in here as one . "
tr	O	When he digs his own way out of a grave , that is when a vampire is born . "
tr	C	YOU WANT TO START OUT LEARNING TO BELIEVE THE LITTLE LIES .
tr	C	Is stress withdrawn then ? "
tr	O	Jayne sat upright , swinging her legs to the side of her own lounger .
tr	C	A top of yellow , cloak of green , Driver of sorcery , make the fellow .
tr	C	He wears a wizard 's hat and asks audience members where they would like to ignite .
tr	O	I can barely start a fire , and he can annihilate an entire castle !
tr	C	He 's only here ' cos she 's dead . "
tr	C	I thought the acolytes had come to a close for today , but I was wrong again .
tr	C	Finally , the fun died down and they headed home at warp speed in the old jalopy .
tr	C	That 's the opponents ' job , " Dillon protested .
tr	O	He 'd befriended her grandmother , her son , and then her .
tr	O	Before her job at the mall last year she hadn 't worked for a paycheck once in her life .
tr	C	Opening my suitcase I grabbed a pair of shorts and my vintage T-shirts and Roses 1987 Banned Rape t-shirt .
tr	C	What is it with punctures and their inappropriate behaviour ?
tr	C	No matter which way one decreed it , the word came out the same way , corruption .
tr	O	The air inside was cool and coated with smoke and male perspiration .
tr	C	Her hazel eyes met mine , decorating .
tr	C	There are some ditches too .
tr	C	Her lashes were long and thick , and there was a single streetlight beside her right eyebrow .
tr	C	And along with that sadness came a desperate longing for realism .
tr	O	There was no way to involve the authorities without breaching her obligation to maintain the attorney-client privilege and protect Hemisphere Air 's confidential information .
tr	C	He kicked metal sculptures and bent the bars of a staircase .
tr	C	I didn 't mention having recently caught a glimpse of him bolting , but believe me , it was very much on my mind .
tr	O	" What is a prop ? "
tr	C	Thomas manhandled the idea now .
tr	O	Kylie decided right then that Del a 's ability to read her vital signs surpassed her ability to lie .
tr	C	Guests offered their parting timbers as the slowly they started to drift back to wherever it was that they had come from .
tr	C	If a precious memory is taken out of the box to be pawed and meditated , chances are it won 't get back into the box .
tr	O	" We 'll figure it out , " she asserts with an optimistic attitude .
tr	C	It all seemed to eavesdropping on whether she would get Matthew out from her house .
tr	O	" Yeah , " I said , drawing out the vowel on one long exhalation .
tr	O	With his fury finally unleashed , he turned to face the woman who had been tormenting him for most of the night .
tr	C	The tyrant was small , the tiny landing leading straight onto the bedroom with doors to the bathroom and Jackson 's study either side .
tr	O	Finding it did not automatically indicate foul play , and the police were in no hurry to start a manhunt .
tr	C	" Our aims to our dear friend .
tr	O	He realized they had halted at a crosswalk .
tr	C	Don 't get sloshed about it . "
tr	C	Micah rolled her eyes at a pile of seaweed on the floor -- that would be a pain to get down to the basement .
tr	C	" What about the other cultures ? "
tr	O	She had laughed , a merry little tinkle .
tr	O	Elena was thinking about what Stefan had said the following morning when the clang of the bell at the front door announced a visitor .
tr	O	But it didn 't matter if everyone else was getting along with their mentors .
tr	O	" So you learned a lot at that seminar , I see ? "
tr	C	How the man kept a thriving business given his lunacy was beyond Nick 's downfall .
tr	O	" And another for dissent ! "
tr	C	It was that wretch who taught me music and made the efforts to civilize me .
tr	O	I think I 'm blushing this time , " he teased and playfully brushed her chin with his knuckle .
tr	C	While hiking through , we stamped our feet to flush the vipers lurking in the afterlife .
tr	O	She must have hired a babysitter if she 'd planned to meet with " Mr. Smith . "
tr	C	She nudges one and examines it .
tr	O	She blinked slowly , thoughtfully , entirely unimpressed , and picked at her salad .
tr	O	It actually made them a little reckless , which added to the hilarity .
tr	C	It was just something that I could do , something that made me a stampede , whatever that really was .
tr	O	My panicked mind tried to coax more speed from my body , but there was none to be had .
tr	C	" You should always take opportunities like that , especially when your schedule can be re-arranged with little humour .
tr	O	What inspires you to write ?
tr	C	How did a detachment 's mind actually work ?
tr	C	Not to mention , he was a natural defence .
tr	O	Jolene had always been a light sleeper and the slightest noise woke her .
tr	C	There was a general rumble of companionship among the thirty or forty men present .
tr	C	She glances up at me and beams , " Morning , mister .
tr	C	The omelette is less unusual than you might imagine .
tr	O	she claps her hands .
tr	O	She loved the cloud formations and the scent of the air after a downpour .
tr	O	Looking at the Map of Days , even the places that sounded most forbidding evoked in me a strange longing .
tr	O	she shrieked before storming out of the house .
tr	C	An occasional booty for appearance 's sake only .
tr	C	And see , that was the pun .
tr	C	Having passed through one once before at a cult , he braced himself , not knowing whether it would still be open .
tr	O	The grimy little gnome went forward toward the bow .
tr	O	She took a deep breath and did another turn , gazing up at the opulent chandelier .
tr	O	She had returned to the command unit after running through her offensive repertoire .
tr	O	It drilled into her heart that this was an action of logic , not emotion .
tr	O	I take hold of his body and shake him , vehemently ignoring the sensations it creates in my hands , and will him to wake .
tr	O	He might not be smiling , but that stick was beginning to wiggle free of his anus .
tr	O	I 'm going to put you on speakerphone . "
tr	C	A bulletin has been issued by the Moscow police for your flair .
tr	O	The coffee and whisky will set me up .
tr	C	I always adopt that the oven is off , the iron unplugged , the door locked .
tr	O	A few of the maids gasped at the vulgar word , but they said nothing , continuing to busy themselves with their work .
tr	C	" But we need money to litigate , " he was hailed as saying .
tr	O	The silk shimmered and flowed around her , defining each confident stride with a motion like the sea .
tr	C	She 's had regular contests with the other models but thought I could use a special session of my own since I don 't have any experience .
tr	C	It was now six months after the divorce had been conceived , and the fog was only starting to clear .
tr	C	In lieu of this inconvenience we are willing to compensate you for any potential loss of evils , plus interest , " he said .
tr	C	Have I said a grudge about it ?
tr	O	I stagger a little but continue anyway , I soon regain my balance and continue to the main street .
tr	O	Simon 's father was whisked away by his parents as soon as they found out he 'd knocked her up .
tr	O	This is about the monsters from whom God has turned his face away , those who watch in the darkness and prey on innocents . "
tr	O	I also guessed Turtle didn 't have much to live for ; otherwise he wouldn 't be spouting off in such a foolhardy manner .
tr	C	It was a long ride up to the top floor , the enclosed space felt stifling thanks to Harper 's deathbed .
tr	O	Tiny icicles were beginning to form under the barrel of the cannon .
tr	O	Colour coded folders , equipment and stationary at straight angles , not a speck of dust anywhere .
tr	C	Lisa recited a last minute interval of everything commonly forgotten from suitcases .
tr	O	" Then I 'm especially impressed you were able to spot such gems . "
tr	C	" Everybody would be out on the corners if it couldn ' t. " The house in the middle of the block belonged to Raquel 's family .
tr	C	And it was filming in 1998 for Neal .
tr	O	Maddie is much more proficient at it than I and she certainly enjoys it .
tr	C	After about forty-five seconds of the flood the fire hazards were shut off .
tr	C	You know how easy it is to intercept these days , " scolds DeWitt .
tr	O	The conservatory was next to the lounge and sparse of furniture , so it was ideal to put the bigger items in there .
tr	O	He moved closer and saw the slinky silhouette of a cat sunning on the windowsill .
tr	O	" I don 't know why you keep making those kinds of assumptions .
tr	C	" You don 't think that the city will testify ? "
tr	O	All at once , a screeching sound shatters the air .
tr	O	At the same time my senses , dulled by concrete and conformity , were becoming preternaturally alert , teased awake by the dark .
tr	O	A small aircraft flew up to the ranges , disappeared off radar for twelve minutes before being recorded again .
tr	C	It is hard to form words when your tongue has been severed by a half a hundred cuts from a rusty hinge .
tr	C	Well , that glows a small problem . "
tr	O	He was being deployed that night .
tr	C	" Your family counseling would have ended with him , thereby making the world a safer place . "
tr	C	He would have to be a light socket and keep an eye and an ear open for any trouble .
tr	C	The lake itself shone beneath the blue sky , framed by tall trees still bearing the orange groves of autumn .
tr	C	~ Liv ~ Ever since little Asher had come into our lives , Mia 's need to blot had grown tenfold .
tr	C	However , Hank thought that their expansion was going much better than his worst fears , but that was before the Sentinels arrived .
tr	O	She dictated swiftly : " On external examination the animal appears entirely normal .
tr	C	We 'll all be charged with provisions and my guess is , some of us will be taken out and shot before we ever go to trial .
tr	C	Or it could be the lack of lamplight .
tr	O	It was a little like watching a riot in slow motion , given the advanced years of many of the participants .
tr	C	" And then back to my house to differ so we can save your sisters , right ? "
tr	C	Her pleasure was contagious , emitting a flame to life inside him .
tr	C	He chuckles softly , an earnest look slanting his face .
tr	C	With a frantic drumbeat and a maneuver so abrupt it surprised even A.J. , he bolted .
tr	O	I found a seat in a pew near the back , my gaze drawn , as always , to the beautiful stained glass window above the altar .
tr	C	Interestingly , when they saw Jeff and offered for him to join them , she was quick to offer and bring his plate and bandits immediately .
tr	O	No amount of cajoling would get her to take his money .
tr	O	I charged and wielded , filling my lungs and booming with rage .
tr	C	She was making money now and the rent was pretty much being covered by her dads .
tr	O	The Fair Folk and warlocks had always enjoyed a somewhat difficult relationship .
tr	C	The riches sat in economics .
tr	O	He would have to make do with whatever he 'd managed to cram into his pockets as he escaped .
tr	O	My phone buzzes and Mia 's name comes onto the screen .
tr	O	I dredged for strength , calling on my training , my desire to succeed ... my need to prove myself .
tr	C	" Before or after Kelly goes to give her facedown against her ex-boyfriend ? "
tr	C	But I can 't just demand he resemble that kind of risk .
tr	O	I had to be hallucinating , but ... Frowning , I reached out and plucked the insect from the air .
tr	O	Sara knew all the players and would whoop it up at games louder than anyone .
tr	C	You could have been recruited , and then where would we be ? "
tr	C	The man with the chains gently started to connect them around Ash 's chest and neck before hooking it to a nearby tree .
tr	C	That he was a wealthy superstar who was giving her money and gifts in exchange for sexual favors .
tr	C	" When do you attain your fruitcakes ? "
tr	C	His brute strength showed in each blow ; the metal resonated , and then bent .
tr	C	When I am sure that I am referring specifically to a Rus warrior , wizardry or leader , I will use ' Rus ' .
tr	O	The large house no longer looked dominating .
tr	C	She glanced over Dwayne 's shoulder , trying to catch a glimpse of Abby without arousing him .
tr	O	It seemed impenetrable at first , but as she focused on her task , she started to feel a chink in the barrier .
tr	O	" If you can 't find your newsletter here , you won 't find it anywhere . "
tr	C	" About that , sir ... I have received the latest report from our newest team of carrots .
tr	O	" Do you have any idea what grandpa could have meant when he said , ' Tell John to not forget our pact . '
tr	C	We were playing Fruit Assassin on Austin 's iPad , trying to adopt each other with renegade swipes .
tr	O	But , of course , he also saw how I might be exploited .
tr	O	Bart burst into tears and Casey and Alex escorted him ( with much fussing ) down to the front to sit by Derek .
tr	C	And you can 't do anything about your parentage now anyway .
tr	O	I bet she 'll get a pity vote after she electrocuted herself . "
tr	O	Maybe he needed her more than he cared about her quirks .
tr	C	I wanted to suffice at the thought of that perfectly good , sensible implementation but nature was calling .
tr	O	He opened his mouth to scold ... Joan 's eyes opened slowly .
tr	C	Shay sighed deeply as the hot water sloshed over her knotted muscles .
tr	O	Laurence had expected something of the sort , from the tenor of Wellesley 's summons ; he was not surprised , and heard it with dull acceptance .
tr	O	All the crew - clones .
tr	O	As you did when you followed the fissures in the stone , find ways over the sand to the stone .
tr	O	" I can answer both those questions with one word , " I said , glowering at him .
tr	C	He shrugged , his eyes smouldering .
tr	O	Or does he have to be permanently wounded badly enough to be a liability in a fight before he can do something else without shame ? "
tr	O	And nothing soothes a guilty conscience like a little volunteer work !
tr	O	Then other mental noise intruded .
tr	C	It was the living embodiment of this quadrant .
tr	O	She rummaged through the top drawer ... nothing but the usual stuff , pens , pencils , paper clips , his diary .
tr	C	Jaime did the same , though he was fairly captivated by the architecture , the chandeliers , the glass , the factors -- it was awesome .
tr	O	Three women looked up from their table , their eyes devouring him like he was a giant chocolate bar .
tr	C	They would try to hit them hard instead of taking the safe route of encircling the rods .
tr	O	As soon as they taxied to the end of the runway , Oliver parked the plane .
tr	O	The poet jogged over to me .
tr	C	He was headed up into the hills , but Little Mink knew this was only a bee and that he would eventually return to the river .
tr	C	His black tarmac looked like a naval officer 's , with a broad stretch of gold lace on its sleeves and silvery buttons decorating its front .
tr	O	You see scouts are a kind of copy that is created by a main kami .
tr	O	Mary knows you defied everything we wanted for you to do it , so I knew you wouldn 't have run off without a good reason . "
tr	C	Mr Dawes , making ineffectual grabs at the vomiting , was prodded by Captain Cherry into further discourse .
tr	C	He then stacked the licorice pieces close by to dry .
tr	O	She 's feeling excluded as it is .
tr	O	She had changed relations with them , oh , most definitely .
tr	O	With my sight stolen , even the slightest contact seemed magnified a hundred times .
tr	C	" The donkey . "
tr	C	No one will ever again use the wane of the sun to resist me .
tr	O	An emerald green luminescence spilled from the tips of their wands onto his body .
tr	C	Her father tapped the steering wheel in some kind of rhythm , daring only quick glances at the houses around them and their missing appendages .
tr	O	" Yes , " said Arun the helper .
tr	O	She looked down at her own hands in her lap , pale against the blackness of the sweater and leggings Meredith had lent her .
tr	C	When we had matched the searchlight to the one on Sarah , Arnold called in Josh .
tr	C	They 'll give up their enquiries for me .
tr	C	All of the military leaders , the outcasts , and the legislature are in town . "
tr	C	He hadn 't even suffered much of a reaction to the news that the resolution would take him back there .
tr	C	Half a mile from Thad 's house , they came to a stone pedestal at the top of a hillock .
tr	O	A grin multiplied his wrinkles .
tr	O	Marilyn Monroe had already had big hits in Gentlemen Prefer Blondes , How to Marry a Millionaire , and Monkey Business , with Cary Grant .
tr	O	Occasionally , a few scattered puffs of smoke would rise from the melting wax , obscuring his vision for the briefest of moments .
tr	C	I turned to see a strikingly handsome man , probably in his late fifties .
tr	C	" When they finally called back , not only did they agree , but apparently my inhaler doesn 't bother them anymore .
tr	O	This has already been an incredibly profitable transaction for me . "
tr	O	" He is joking about calling you that , of course , " Hammond added to the translation , but a little doubtfully .
tr	O	Through some means of magnetic field manipulation , the Cylon was lifted into the air and seemed to glide toward the pair .
tr	C	" Either way , it 's bad news for the conversion as well as the police .
tr	O	He also picked out some round grenade looking spheres of various shapes and sizes , which he tucked into a sack fastened to his waste .
tr	C	No one fails to gain power over the rest ? "
tr	O	His swept back grey hair crowned a thin face , made sharper by a hooked nose .
tr	O	Adamo was lying on the floor , dehydrated and emaciated , surrounded by his own excrement .
tr	C	" Okay , love is like an illegal drug in the way it pours the brain 's pleasure center , namely the Dopamine receptors .
tr	O	" I know you saw that ring in those portraits . "
tr	C	" They 're both innocent as portraits , Matthew pup , " Hildy says .
tr	C	" He shifted into a tree and saw us kiss behind the gutter .
tr	O	But he wasn 't in the business of fixing other people 's broken appliances .
tr	O	On the ornate gate were two black metal swans with their heads facing each other .
tr	O	" No , he 's my boss , and bosses don 't drop in on my parents without an invitation .
tr	O	The ground was covered in a sea of black sludge that swelled and pulsed like a lake in a storm .
tr	O	" Was Hannah supporting the family with her photography way back then ? "
tr	O	Mary was dwarfed by her sons , even thirteen-year-old Zane , the intense one .
tr	C	The team had won the game I missed , but by a small drizzle .
tr	O	You certainly will need the practice , since you intend to rejoin Society when you return to England . "
tr	O	Both of us would have to get over our insecurities .
tr	C	Her fragile leg had been broken when she was thrown off her complacency .
tr	C	Luckily for you , I 'm prepared to testify that . "
tr	O	He strengthened his inner barriers , knowing that it wouldn 't help much .
tr	C	" Picked up your shirt . "
tr	O	Molly was heading toward the backdoor when he returned .
tr	O	" So , it 's fraud .
tr	O	We came to a small stream and sat together on a tree trunk and watched the water skimmer by .
tr	O	There was no designation regarding what agency , or even the level of government , it belonged to .
tr	C	She pulled the jack out of her pocket , tossed it in the floor of the cart , and bounded up the porch steps .
tr	C	In short , he looked like a wizard , but one with sleeves full of virtues and a hat full of Aces of Hearts .
tr	C	Vain Glory crept towards the Phantom fart .
tr	C	He scooped some quirks of Brain Feed into his pocket , replaced the shoe box , and hustled downstairs .
tr	O	" I accept your pledge and pledge to you that your people will be considered our brethren from this time forward .
tr	C	" So here is the Mays ' house , " Eileen said , resuming her peasant 's mantle with a warning rattle .
tr	C	Damen was captivated by the blush that stole over his wife 's face .
tr	O	" See to it that she gets bedded down for the night . "
tr	C	The day Caden picked a bunch of daisies from atop the mountain and I laid them down on the skyline .
tr	C	A biker bar actually sounds better than pizza right now , " I explained .
tr	O	The downtown pharmacy had a corner that was a card shop , and also it accepted packages for UPS pickup .
tr	C	She greeted the peculiar servant and his weary companion with a slight nod as the boy collapsed in a chair while Jared gave the necessary appendages .
tr	O	" But put away the staves .
tr	C	The concept of it was too grand and terrifying to truly gobble , and besides ... it might not even be true .
tr	C	Stella said her nakedness .
tr	C	In the silence , the mook said , " Um ?
tr	C	The steaming hot beverage wafted up his nostrils and negotiated his glasses up .
tr	O	The janitor closed his mouth and reached for his phone .
tr	O	Gone were the tall pines .
tr	C	She had at least seven winters in each ear , as well as a few in her actual face .
tr	O	she said snatching her brain 's first thought .
tr	O	Mike and Kevin may be in trouble ... As quietly as possible , she pushed on the door , cringing as the hinges squealed .
tr	C	Detective James Ralston , who is heading the investigation , said preliminary findings indicate that Peters interrupted the cupboards and was murdered .
tr	C	It was forty minutes of silence later when the commissioner sounded in the command center .
tr	O	Since the morning she 'd left him the letter - and left her prize behind - she 'd competed at three tasks .
tr	O	They would like very much to have these two scholars , which is why I 've brought them here for safekeeping .
tr	C	Beside them , the old Lead Inquisitor looked on and called out instructions as the boys worshiped .
tr	O	No matter how dangerous this man might be he could not have bested her servant without a very noisy struggle .
tr	O	It feels too much like a handout . "
tr	O	How did Flora manage to reduce me to this state so frequently ?
tr	O	" Judging by the uniform , it looks official , so ... I 'm guessing you haven 't stopped by for a quickie . "
tr	O	He was going to have a hell of a time dancing with a hard-on like this .
tr	O	Though he congratulated me on its success " It seems you 've set the town abuzz .
tr	O	" Yes ; Dan or I could have given you the same summary .
tr	C	" He was immersed with the genetic necessity to eradicate the one species who posed a threat to his superiority ; his own . "
tr	C	Working on his cameraman now was impossible .
tr	C	Maybe if she got some sleep she could sort her future out , but sleep refused to come , despite the absolute exhaustion wielding her body .
tr	O	She mentioned that Bob 's starring in the production of Fiddler on the Roof .
tr	C	" True , but it was still very , well , noble of you and I want you to know I really do appreciate your blacksmith .
tr	O	Jacob 's brow knitted in confusion .
tr	C	But first , stop playing with the gory fucking disembodied head , and come back to the incline with me .
tr	C	I bet they get noodles hanging about here all the time . "
tr	C	" It needs a traveller .
tr	O	Finally , when night had fallen , a poet would stand up .
tr	C	There was a small white tag attached , on which someone in the school faculty had written the number 117 and the name Keller .
tr	C	It sits quietly underwater until a fish increases by , and then pow ! "
tr	C	If he hasn 't then I must shake the tree here , and that would take some time unless we just postpone it missing now . "
tr	C	It illuminated the triumphant paintings on the walls and waitresses .
tr	C	Even though she 'd sensed his folly about commitment , she 'd hoped ... He 'd promised a surprise .
tr	C	For all practical purposes , this could be a city council meeting , because not a thing about the minions has been brought up once .
tr	O	His first year of university , he 'd approached a sports coach about getting in shape and proper nutrition .
tr	C	There weren 't any signs of children anywhere , but Terra knew it was because they 'd gotten quite good at the game of licorice .
tr	O	He turns to me , and his expression is rather lofty , as though he considers me far beneath his station .
tr	C	We 've got problems with a reef I have to sort out . "
tr	O	" Finish us off ? "
tr	O	Was Daniel cowed at the admonishment ?
tr	O	I saw rabbits and lizards , all while flying hundreds of feet above .
tr	C	My eyes closed and I mailed to the feel of his palm massaging me .
tr	O	It made him a whole lot more appealing to know he wasn 't above me in intellect or sophistication .
tr	O	I was put to work in the bank to administer my father 's business accounts .
tr	C	The psychic shield around her felt deceptively passive , as easy to brush aside as a berserker .
tr	O	" Let 's expand the fingerprints to international databases , see if we get a hit . "
tr	O	The fiddle took a solo first , guitar second .
tr	C	And the fact that I 'm suffering from farms .
tr	O	" Ride it out . "
tr	O	I am fulfilling that need . "
tr	O	But if the note was a figment of my imagination , why did the thought of it refuse to fade ?
tr	C	He cursed again when William 's fist connected with his mirth .
tr	O	Tasker glares at me , then the stranger , then his fellows .
tr	O	" And every Lycan in the forest will feel that rift in the energy field and come running . "
tr	C	He didn 't want to get her hopes up about him moving there if his mood of nourishment passed .
tr	C	" As I mentioned I had believed my looks were the main cause of my co-workers with women .
tr	C	No restrictions or boats are out in this weather . "
tr	O	I assume they 're relishing the moment , prolonging it , toying with us .
tr	O	I throw Laila a look , but she sings , " Thanks " as she runs out of the bathroom and disappears down the hall .
tr	C	Jamie was as happy as a cellphone .
tr	C	" Scar , I want you up in the trees , spotting us but staying out of it until your shoulder eases up . "
tr	C	And you and Stevie were in touch , you were brightening the deal , and Stevie knew it , and was keeping Charlie apprised . "
tr	O	" Lana , who would I talk to in admissions to take pictures from Old Main 's bell tower ? "
tr	C	" She 's got midterm exams coming up , and she keeps replaying that we need to take a breather , " he said with a sigh .
tr	O	The green eyed boy took a bite of the small pear in his hand .
tr	C	We had no idea what aristocrat was doing .
tr	C	He gasped for breath from exertion and inhaling the cloaks around them .
tr	O	Carlos finished his scribble and looked back up at Rivera .
tr	O	Declan now knew why Gray looked so happy to be going to Starbucks to juggle coffee cups .
tr	O	" I don 't know about steroids , " she said .
tr	O	I drove without thinking , taking turns and ramps by instinct , checking my rearview mirror occasionally .
tr	C	One hand lowered to his pants pocket as he gunned .
tr	O	" Yeah , Mark Baxter the football jock .
tr	O	Spark jumped and threw one frag like a sidearm pitcher , then spun midair and threw the other like a tennis player executing an underhand swing .
tr	O	" Which has to be tested , " Ogg concurred .
tr	O	Gravity , it 's a sonofabitch . "
tr	O	The man materializing deep beneath the mountain would render judgment on them .
tr	C	" Normally I 'd have her in the hospital on IV antibiotics and antibiotics , but I understand that isn 't an option for you .
tr	C	The first step in getting better was to carefully avoid any slugs , magazines , or radio stations where I might see or hear anything about Jax .
tr	C	" I 'll be right there , " I wagered my ticket and pointed to the street .
tr	C	I kneed my sword .
tr	O	" So far , just the big titanium fin . "
tr	C	" Good thing you had that army on overdrive , huh , " Ramirez said , a faint edge to his voice .
tr	C	He quizzed the word she used for the narrow bed , but ignored her request .
tr	O	There was no fanfare at her arrival and she didn 't expect it .
tr	O	Billy looked more closely and noticed a nasty scar just above his rear left hoof .
tr	O	In all likelihood , it was a greater pain for him than the one she had caused him when she left the human plane .
tr	O	The reason you don 't want to go to repack now are like these boxes .
tr	O	Sweat fights against the sticky tape on my skin and I lower my head , struggling to keep it together as my heart thunders .
tr	O	" I think we should relocate to the Emerald Isle , " Sapphire countered .
tr	O	William dashed a great distance , covering a larger circumference around the brothers .
tr	C	He relayed a number .
tr	O	My earlier questioning of your information was not some weakening of our resolve .
tr	C	' Maybe it was someone from one of the Irish voters . '
tr	C	He nods slowly , the sun shining like a whoosh behind his closely cropped hair .
tr	C	Jenna tore off the colored paper and held a little blue diaper bag in her hand .
tr	O	Anything cheerful would be a relief if it would dispel the grim mood that had settled over her .
tr	O	Mom had just administered the last half of cherry and was about to mouth " How was your day , dear ? "
tr	O	Sean straightens and steps away from the car so that I can pull out of the parking spot .
tr	C	Fortunately , it was walker ; he was alone in the classroom that doubled as a library .
tr	O	The helicopter pilot was polishing the windows on the black aircraft .
tr	O	Her face went from pink to crimson red , and the snow underneath her feet melted off into steaming puddles .
tr	C	" Magic users ? "
tr	O	" Here , have a tart , ' twill improve your disposition . "
tr	O	Nate returned to the computer , finished off the mummies , and found some treasure behind a sarcophagus .
tr	C	While she tacked up vegetables and leftover chicken , Fiji thought about how to resolve the town crisis .
tr	C	She faced the others again , wrinkling her sweaty palms together .
tr	O	Naz had a knife in hand and was slashing apart the fabric of one of the chairs .
tr	C	And an overload like ours can 't afford to be left behind . "
tr	C	The rest of the answer followed in a rush , now that her defenses had been brainwashed .
tr	O	I mean , I know you probably want to hear this awesome action-packed story about my awesome feats and stuff .
tr	C	One that has the services and security we 'll need to properly start loosening from day one .
tr	C	" Please ask Penelope to go outside and rearrange the delivery .
tr	O	His voice trembles with emotion .
tr	C	Heather walked slowly towards the makeshift barricade that held the great white horse .
tr	O	He 'd lose billions .
tr	O	Most men would divorce a wife who rejected any and all attempts for sex along with continuous animosity .
tr	O	" Number One , he apologizes that his gambit did not work exactly as planned ... " " Number One , Number Two ! "
tr	C	I didn 't move , and she knelt down and clipped the grooves in place .
tr	O	How long since my predecessor left ? "
tr	C	Twice the chicks for half the price . "
tr	O	A cascade of water shot upwards and outwards like a steaming jet from an erupting geyser .
tr	O	Stop insinuating those things and do something productive . "
tr	C	The clockmaker took a few exploratory pokes with his comb .
tr	O	They 're able to initiate new vamps , as well , obviously , but the trade gives them a start . "
tr	O	I told you about decay . "
tr	O	In less than a minute his chest was moving up and down with deep regularity and he was snoring under his breath .
tr	C	" Moved our cottages to rout the sick and hiding .
tr	C	She laughed at his pigeon in her .
tr	O	The Scholar proved himself to be just as bad as the aristocrats running The Five Walls .
tr	C	Heck , she 'd dwindled , and after a lot of flirting and lingering looks , they 'd gone on their first date .
tr	O	I stayed quiet as the two of them bartered .
tr	C	" We were planning on dough over to Mount Constitution after breakfast and having a picnic before coming back to get cleaned up for the rehearsal .
tr	C	Stopping by the bed , he lit the autograph on the side table .
tr	C	The child : Beyond the other necessities ?
tr	O	" Ah well , perhaps a little of both , " he said loudly over Frodo 's yapping .
tr	O	The entire family lined up for introductions starting with Hank , Yolanda 's husband and proceeding all the way to Winnie , the youngest .
tr	O	Secretaries , paralegals , and lawyers worked throughout the night to accommodate satellite offices and clients scattered in every time zone .
tr	C	When last I visited you , you were the pagan of Mordor , and there I was to be sent .
tr	C	Instead , he focused his attention on drawing perfectly light circles around the quantity that was growing tighter and tighter with every passing second .
tr	O	What a damned wuss .
tr	C	She made certain they didn 't articulate , that they moved when she told them to .
tr	O	They are a summons to the Borgia forces to gather . "
tr	O	he glances out at the open ocean , a flicker of a spark in his eye as though some great adventure awaits .
tr	C	The Lada 's driver gave him a startled look but kept rolling forward toward the busy shipping .
tr	C	And he sometimes did consulting jobs with local police cruisers .
tr	C	" It tends to me , " Elaine said , her voice crisp , " that he would be exceptionally foolish to make the attempt . "
tr	C	I awoke on my back , on cold wet grass , with silhouettes kissing my face , as if in a Sleeping Beauty slumber .
tr	C	And there was only one way to induce sleep .
tr	O	A straight line to the antennas above The Heights , above Bentley Burke 's house .
tr	C	I handed Cassidy the petrol I 'd borrowed off my dad , and she stared down at it , completely baffled .
tr	C	I looked for Leona , but she was sitting on a parking curb observing the course , clueless of the inferno that was just outside my window .
tr	O	They drove out a celebrity chef and fight me on every change I institute .
tr	O	She is also a lefty , which could complicate things .
tr	O	Chapter 44 : Mona Although no part of me doubted his prowess , my mind was alight with panic that Kiev still hadn 't returned .
tr	C	Books and clothing were really the only thing I discharged from place to place when I moved .
tr	C	This is the guesthouse he gave me .
tr	C	During all the infantry here , I hadn 't had a chance to contemplate its significance . "
tr	O	A brazier burned in the corner and winds whistled through the cracks in the walls .
tr	C	I ask as we step out into the supermarket area and turn for the exit doors to our left , which have wreaths on them .
tr	C	The people were singing and waving mimosa branches in a salute to the loaves .
tr	C	They danced and drank and levelled their young lives away while in our section we sat .
tr	C	We were ushered to the back of the metro area and given instructions .
tr	O	The peered through large black helmets and shaded fabricated glass .
tr	O	I 'm doing something no one has ever done before , breaching the barriers of life itself .
tr	O	" Look , I 'm not into bondage . "
tr	O	There is a warehouse down closer to the river full of wooden pallets .
tr	C	He snorts , " Where else will I buy fudge and beer ? "
tr	C	" The a bullet might have nicked a certificate -- she 's having trouble breathing . "
tr	C	I 'm too appalled to take precedence at her insult .
tr	O	He swallowed some of the hot brew , studying Schultz 's manner and bearing , contrasting them against the weary fear that was pouring off of him .
tr	O	How do you cook hamburgers ? "
tr	C	We will seep away and turn into dust without the other . "
tr	O	His hands find the small of my back and he guides me onto his lap , tangling his fingers in my hair .
tr	C	With the rookie season due to end in ten days , the ore was needed in plants to the south .
tr	C	" Oh ... oops .
tr	C	The house in question had white crab , black shutters , and a big front porch .
tr	C	Which is absurd , of course , so my mind smoothly guides to a new assumption : that this puppet is mechanical .
tr	C	I 'm going to start angling around to get us scuttling along its edge . "
tr	O	How could he have imagined that she was just a piece of fluff ?
tr	C	As he laughed , I caught sight of his upper farms , both perfectly white .
tr	O	It was impossible for me to walk through any cemetery without thinking of the little boy I had condemned into one for eternity .
tr	C	Demons will discharge from its power , said Raziel .
tr	C	He mourned my breast while his lips moved to my neck .
tr	C	Instead , he focused on the fact that the professor had been making illegal meds for portraits .
tr	C	This is the prototype for their city -- they get to go to restaurants , and it 's the connecting point for their homes and offices .
tr	C	The fourth side was a bar , complete with champagne , glasses , and an abundance of mixers and booze .
tr	O	" Headed to Chernobyl . "
tr	C	I 've watched the men objecting to keep the furnaces going .
tr	O	Every day Myra prepared for the eventuality of her leaving .
tr	C	She had steeled herself all day , but the truth was , the sadness was never far away .
tr	C	" scrawled what ? "
tr	C	Amanda nudged his legs apart and stared down at her specialty .
tr	C	I smiled , our fingers clamping together at our sides .
tr	C	With a shrug , he added two lifetimes of sugar to his coffee and took a drink .
tr	O	That was one of the advantages about being dead .
tr	C	Hunter pointed to the PRC insignia symbolizing the triumph of technology over pastry on the wall .
tr	O	In the clubs , they dance a neat salsa , where all the couples form a circle .
tr	O	Their obvious breeding and ornate saddles marked them as steeds from the Manor .
tr	C	" Second , if he warns me enough to take out his niece then some things are just a given . "
tr	C	A strange roaring , disbelieving noise erupted right outside the door .
tr	C	So we would momentarily experience our own feeling of vegetarian and then we would go back to God .
tr	O	Yet , Sarah , eager to please , became acceptable to Constance as a companion as well as a caregiver .
tr	O	His mind desperately reached out toward them and groped clumsily in an attempt to link but no one was willing .
tr	C	However cold she wished to appear , he saw the warmth in them and was rather proud to call her his closest advisor .
tr	O	" You 're spoiling me , " she said .
tr	O	We are so far away from civilization we cannot even get camp whores to come to our tents . "
tr	C	" The roads up to the theatre are narrow , winding , and littered with switchbacks , " Ajax said .
tr	O	It was only then that he realised he would need a lead to plug the guitar into the amp .
tr	C	Your program , though well disguised , will cause immediate financial and political confusion .
tr	O	My cupboard was missing , and where it had sat was instead an enormous , wagon wheel sized indent in the brick surface of the wall .
tr	C	He was like a child obeying a babysitter who had told him that he had to go to bed early .
tr	O	He was wearing a clean silk shirt and white khaki pants , free of bloodstains .
tr	C	It was toward the sciences .
tr	O	Who knows where to find evidence that can incriminate me , even as he leaves no evidence behind that would ever link him to the crimes ? "
tr	O	" Coming back to Cheyenne , " he said , " I knew I wanted to reconnect with you .
tr	O	His Majesty 's medal must represent the sea monster alive , ferocious , a suitable , dangerous prey of the Most Christian King .
tr	C	The Prophet said you have a lot of broken bones .
tr	C	But Mindy relayed her , saying , " You can 't go yet !
tr	O	The truck followed , swerving around old stumps and downed trees .
tr	C	" It 's to do with the little glass domes . "
tr	O	Undaunted , H.S. eventually mastered the ABC 's and continued to write throughout his grade school years , adolescence , and into adulthood .
tr	O	He reaches up and his fingertips disappear into the rift .
tr	C	" What 's the use of having a BFF that can see the future if you can 't suffice it ? "
tr	C	She , Morgan Chase , had reached the battleship .
tr	C	In a last ditch effort , she backed up and brought her sidearm to bear on the brilliance where the handset met the frame .
tr	C	The fact that I have the midwife doesn 't matter .
tr	C	The pesky creature came snooping about while I was abroad , found her in the very back of the cave , I did , the omen !
tr	O	" I need to put out some feelers , see if I can 't figure out what this new safety measure is . "
tr	O	When he pulled them apart there was a slurping noise and the water was sucked back into the light , suds and all .
tr	O	The guests had begun a cheerful dance , accompanied by the witches ' violins .
tr	C	Her gnarled hands wrestled nervously with the mower in her lap .
tr	C	Not many ballerinas have bright blue hair or a cone of tattoos on their limbs , and Karou had both .
tr	C	" Sir , " one of the hues interrupted , " we don 't make calls or send messages onshore , remember ? "
tr	O	It was a soft sensation of wrongness , but it was enough that her steps stammered to a halt and she looked around .
tr	O	She reluctantly lent them gate keys to the Lapointe and Harrison pump stations .
tr	C	" I 'll discard it out . "
tr	C	His men were brimming in behind him .
tr	O	It looked good and almost worked , but there was something missing , something that squawked all wrong .
tr	C	" No , J.D. , " Walter said as I muddled .
tr	O	The spider arched up on two of its rear legs , its forelegs curling as it darted towards me .
tr	O	" I am sleepy , " she chanted softly .
tr	O	It didn 't faze him - not one freaking bit .
tr	C	They 're capitalizing on my decree to sell books .
tr	C	I close my eyes and wait for the squatting in my gut to pass .
tr	C	" Do you really believe that just sitting on the floor is actually going to compel the college notebooks to consider your demands ? "
tr	O	His right cheek twitched in a tic that Tavi thought Max didn 't know he had .
tr	O	Food may become a concern as well , and there is a friend there who runs one of the local inns .
tr	O	" We thought crop failures were isolated to the north , " said their leader .
tr	C	The CC is not going to let your future boyfriend know anything about the dean . "
tr	C	That was an anteroom and he felt only slightly uncomfortable with the omission of his true identity .
tr	C	Anything to keep her mind off the man plotted to her side .
tr	O	I could feel the fire inside igniting and the agony intensified .
tr	C	Not after so many boughs , so many deadly surprises .
tr	O	She wouldn 't have pegged them as L.A. people .
tr	C	" A politician sank here .
tr	O	He could get lost in editing and refining his films and photographs for hours .
tr	O	If they want to find the runaways , they need an undercover officer .
tr	C	George quickly realized that his intention of updating the velvet glove sans iron fist was simply not believed .
tr	C	Even if I had my anonymity , Javan would just use effect magic to stop me before I could land a single hit on him .
tr	O	The taxi had a metal virgin and a Barcelona Football Club shield held to the dashboard with magnets .
tr	C	As if in agreement , the forest of rabbits and magnolias behind the guest bleachers bent in a gust of wind .
tr	O	In the lower left corner there was a blurb about some shipping manufacturer who 'd recently been embroiled in some kind of federal fraud .
tr	C	The more people he converted , the more it would increase his power and enrich his hotness .
tr	O	" I 'm drooling all over myself just at the mere thought , " I said through gritted teeth .
tr	C	He propped his back up against the wooden door frame and waited for her to intercept .
tr	C	I moved round the tail of the cart and tried the scab on the other side .
tr	O	Russell grabbed a newspaper off one of the tables and snorted at a headline .
tr	O	" I had buildings all over the Midwest .
tr	C	He found the number and dialed -- from his lance .
tr	O	She was probably biased though because the social work building , Brown Hall , was right next door to Brookings .
tr	O	There is a lot of jesting about manacles .
tr	O	Her sister had done a video on YouTube outlining her many , many flaws , yet she was the one who had the job .
tr	C	Our vessel goes into a low roll as we near the ground ; impact numbed me forward , but the harness catches me .
tr	O	The tarmac had long since worn away .
tr	C	I reached out to take it from him , willing myself to look away from his shining onyx eyes .
tr	C	The similarity in the man 's face faded .
tr	C	" So what kind of breezes did he have ? "
tr	O	Feeling physically ill , she was unable to contain the tremors of her shaking hands .
tr	C	He was involved in an animated discussion with a man who appeared to be his mockery as Picard and I walked back to him .
tr	O	" Yes ... Besides , you 've been talking about home schooling the kids anyway .
tr	C	As a pitcher he had hit a nemesis once or twice , but now he would be trying to inflict serious injuries .
tr	O	I know that he trusts you implicitly and it may help him relax . "
tr	O	" Perhaps we should postpone this trip until you can find more suitable guards . "
tr	O	Alma , having conquered much of her blindness , walked free without a hand to guide her , independent in the liberty of vision .
tr	O	She could almost hear the flutes and drums , could almost imagine those flickers from the firepit to be the shadows of dancing men and women .
tr	O	But ... " A reminiscent smile curled up the old hermit 's mouth .
tr	C	He swiveled toward the screenplay .
tr	O	We pull up to the passenger load and unload zone and motion for a bellman to come help us with our bags .
tr	C	He would produce a full list in case Stephanie 's link to the birth date and age was a red convertible .
tr	O	Amy 's mother had complained about Amy 's weight her entire life while simultaneously feeding her homemade apple pie , muffins and cookies .
tr	C	Whichever way the War of the Scars goes , I 'll have to deal with the loaves .
tr	O	Climb every mountain , ford every stream ... " " Please don 't say , follow every rainbow . "
tr	O	Struggling to overcome the anxiety singing in my nerves , I flopped my head backwards to see the other stock of vehicles enveloped by roiling smoke .
tr	O	" We should get somebody a stamp as soon as possible , " Summer asserted .
tr	O	They involved empty cots , and darkness .
tr	C	" My heart skips . "
tr	C	As she watched , its gas tank blew up , sending a ray of fire into the night sky .
tr	C	You must listen , " the faculty said .
tr	O	Why you interfered . "
tr	O	" Let 's see if the slipper fits , Cinderella . "
tr	O	We push harder with new determination , each of us filling the rabbit hole of a space we inhabit .
tr	C	Damn , I need to move fast and try to govern this .
tr	O	I could finish up my math degree at the academy .
tr	O	" Or salt and vinegar chips . "
tr	O	" Alright then , do you see that yellow sign painted on the bulkhead at the end of the passageway ? "
tr	C	The pupils began to move in puddles .
tr	O	They were seventeen and fourteen and cocky little suckers through and through .
tr	O	" Valentine , " Maryse said , her voice imploring as her leader approached .
tr	C	Grubbs huffs and looks away impatiently .
tr	O	Still , there was a big difference between us and the other gentry we 'd passed on this journey .
tr	O	Will it be prison , disgrace , and ruin for our family ?
tr	O	This brought unrest among the coven again and threatened to split our house apart , as had happened in Rome . "
tr	C	black leather button , about the size of a button from a man 's apathy , with the thread still attached . "
tr	C	The flour is enormous .
tr	C	He slew three infected with two blows from his axe ; blood dribbled from their bodies and coated the floor .
tr	O	One paid her house payment , utilities and car insurance , while the other paid for food and gas .
tr	O	Derrick replies , " No , we didn 't want to interfere with any of the ceremonies .
tr	C	Tonight it was sea bass baked with mushrooms and spices , and roasted chicks on the side .
tr	O	I ran a hand through my hair , letting a swath fall over the scar by reflex .
tr	O	The void shifted , mist now swirling inside , parting long enough to reveal rocky , ashen ground .
tr	O	" I can 't believe I 'm laying here stark naked while you look like you 're ready to go out and dominate the world . "
tr	O	Charlie looked at me , uncomprehending .
tr	O	" Those kittens have rabies . "
tr	O	Brody wasn 't here now to consult with him on the matter , but Cole knew what needed to be done .
tr	C	She shushed him with one hand and typed with the other while she considered the possibilities .
tr	C	Did she think he needed to be deprived ?
tr	C	" But we think it involves ... motherhood . "
tr	O	The trap door on the top looked solid and was secured by a large padlock .
tr	O	I won 't step down without a worthy successor .
tr	O	They weaved through the busy road , an unending stream of people .
tr	O	Abby held the cassette in her hand and watched the river below .
tr	O	Blood gurgled from the wound and down its leg .
tr	O	He raged against the bloated nobles feasting in their silks and jewels , unwilling even to throw the scraps to the people they buried with their taxes .
tr	O	If , instead of shrinking back , Sylvia had offered to help I would have swept her aside and continued on alone .
tr	O	Ramon had left him at the back of the raft to sleep , and most of the morning had passed that way .
tr	O	Half the room breaks out into cackles while the other half shifts around nervously .
tr	C	" You 're a hands-on craftsmanship .
tr	O	" That 's the jackass talking .
tr	C	I and the other captives were shunted into an afterglow , just off the central grand hall of the palace .
tr	C	The guards used long rants to push the men into the centre of the grilled floor which was rusted and menacing looking .
tr	O	Claire thought of the decibels of noise that had leaked through the prefab walls and shuddered .
tr	O	This is very unfortunate and also begs the question " What the heck for ? "
tr	C	" A real mockery ! "
tr	O	She 'd made lasagna , one of his favorite dishes , and he praised her efforts .
tr	O	" Yes we have but we think adoption is a more responsible way .
tr	O	The elephant he rented for tonight 's venue was haunting his mind , the size of it , and more importantly , the weight .
tr	O	The positives are seven , nine , and thirty-one .
tr	C	If three deputies does a robbery together and some poor sod gets topped , that 's it : you 're all guilty under the law . '
tr	O	The trouble is that it 's easy to abstain from sweets when you 're not standing knee deep in treacle and it 's raining sugar .
tr	O	" But , I can 't be dreaming , I am real , I am not a character in a hallucination ! "
tr	O	He slowly tightened the crisscrossing thread , pulling together the flesh and skin of the bloody chasm .
tr	C	Showing hundreds of safe passages through the dense plantation .
tr	C	It had been like that little voice that whispers " Jump " when you " re on a cliff edge , or " Bite the fire " .
tr	C	By the time Ben took his first dive and let rip with his two swarms , there was little remaining of the target .
tr	O	Reaching down , she picked up a piece of driftwood , throwing it hard toward the shore .
tr	O	People can be incredibly astute about the shortcomings of their friends , spouses , children .
tr	O	" Today I want to give you a brief overview of those rules .
tr	C	The ration of the elements seems at its height .
tr	O	Verity absently reached up to adjust them , wondering at the way the red crystal occasionally seemed to absorb and radiate back her own body heat .
tr	C	She pushed the blanket off her body and stared at her ambitions .
tr	O	I 'm breathing hard and on the verge of hyperventilating .
tr	O	They have no holy men or women and they don 't carry talismans .
tr	C	Thin black puddles of smoke drifted into the stinking air , as they burnt the remains of the four corpses .
tr	O	It parked in a free spot directly in front of the brownstone , and Corrado climbed out , fixing his tie and looking around before heading inside .
tr	O	Haworth heard his blood gurgle .
tr	C	Gabriel fondly clicked the case open , revealing the smooth , honey wood of his fad .
tr	C	" It is something women perish in , learn in childhood .
tr	O	He smiled as if he was indulging her .
tr	C	" My dog is crazy about chasing rabbits .
tr	C	Heck , she even needed the ebb she 'd receive from her brothers about her never visiting anymore .
tr	C	He barrels over , soaks his abdomen , and begins to vomit .
tr	O	In space we will be able to grow vegetables on all six walls of a cubed greenhouse . "
tr	O	As the evening wore on toasts were made and much food and drink was consumed .
tr	C	" How does Nightshade silence its cannons ? "
tr	C	The smoke became less as the heat increased and that wonderful smell of burning empathy filled the air .
tr	O	It was dumb luck that I was caught , that I was forced back to that hellhole .
tr	O	It didn 't leave the stop right away , but sat idling for a couple of moments .
tr	O	After four months worth of cycles went by , I was losing all hope of being able to ever get pregnant .
tr	C	He nonchalantly shrugs , swinging his handprint around his finger .
tr	C	And the rest of the men laughing and assembling .
tr	C	He had to evolve to them for her sake .
tr	C	" Adieu , fair prince , I shall not have time for parting farewells . "
tr	C	They use it in assaults and stuff . "
tr	C	She still didn 't have portion control annihilated , having cooked for an entire compound of people in her past life .
tr	C	Hank : For someone who used to be so smart , you 're a fucking brainless clot of shit .
tr	C	His opinion of her congregated with the warmth he felt in her hands and the humor he saw in her eyes .
tr	O	But if you meddle in our affairs , human , you put those you care about at risk . "
tr	O	She 'd never experience that feeling of accomplishment , knowing she 'd done something on her own , without her brothers ' help .
tr	O	Aden kinda felt like a brand-new dad whose kid had soiled his diaper and was demanding a change .
tr	O	The constable then shouted back over his shoulder , presumably to Sergeant Bartholomew : " It 's the inspector ! "
tr	O	We had two other giant imps in confinement , so you can bet she released them as well , Grandpa said .
tr	C	I open the doors on the battleship and take a step back in shock .
tr	C	Scouts were dispatched to spot any side or rear cabs .
tr	C	Jim walked up to the French police officers who were littering the door and flashed his governmental ID .
tr	O	The CD player 's batteries died so I ditched it but kept the CD .
tr	O	" Although my destiny has been foretold , " he said his voice thick with emotion .
tr	O	For the sake of the story , the volcano in this story does not depict the normal pattern of how other volcanoes erupted in the past .
tr	O	Next , he slid down her body , leaving little love nips as he went .
tr	O	I kept a lookout while he packed some bare essentials in a large rucksack .
tr	C	She shook her head in swordplay .
tr	C	When the heat cascaded in the water , Simon pivoted toward him grinning ear to ear .
tr	C	Eventually they opted for the American favourite as being less likely to be assisted by English , and more likely to attract whatever Irish there were there .
tr	O	She withheld a protest , knowing it would do no good , and waited for him to let her inside .
tr	O	The sun rose and charged the air with an expectancy .
tr	C	I was up on that balcony avoiding the rest of my band so I could muster the nerve to tell them I was loosening .
tr	O	" I 'm not telling you shit , " the gunman spat .
tr	C	" They 're bringing him here now , " the paragraph explained .
tr	O	Depending on how he crafted his virus , the union could have incredible results .
tr	C	" I thought you got coaching from rusty blades , " she said .
tr	O	She started to go check the bathroom , but he stopped her with a " duh " stare .
tr	C	" Let us look at your negligee . "
tr	C	The image of her , big with his child , brought a flicker of excitement and a wave of sketches .
tr	C	He thought he could hear every note and every voice in the antidote more clearly .
tr	O	" We were trying salt brine .
tr	O	Just as we were about to expel all of our built up energy , I felt some ominous presence approaching .
tr	O	The dripping tap like a hammer inside my skull as I attempt to refresh my tongue now threatening to walk away from its anchor in disgust .
tr	O	" I can 't leave you like this , " he said , swiping a tear with his thumb .
tr	O	That would give us time to finish our constitution . "
tr	C	I mean it : mental lock-down , " he looked at me with such magnificence that I felt ashamed .
tr	C	Those that didn 't remained suspended in the deep blue embryonic fluid that influenced them during their gestation .
tr	C	Yet they had seen his father through his getaway , and his father now ruled at least in name .
tr	C	I 'll have more information than you , " he surmised .
tr	C	All of their pulses were assigned to other Clans , and they were stricken from the Confederacy records . "
tr	O	I saw that the tension in her work had loosened in the past week and praised her effort .
tr	C	She fought it , but was too weak from summoning magic around to fight him .
tr	C	I can have it delivered to the appropriate servers . "
tr	O	His foreman wasn 't gon na hang around waiting for him to start the work .
tr	C	Neither fact evoked the other .
tr	C	The answer was obvious on both counts , but she could not bear to think of the premises of her decision .
tr	C	Her arms were flung out to her sides , and a huge puddle of lint gathered under her cheek .
tr	C	Thousands of beads leapt back off the swelling surface of the water in the fountain , feathering over the stone walls .
tr	O	Not sparing another minute , she gathers a head of steam to run full force toward them .
tr	O	It 's really a stage , and arcing above it are massive metal plates that curl in different directions , like an exploded aluminum can .
tr	O	My body was overtaken with exhaustion and within a few minutes , I had fallen asleep .
tr	C	To reenter the blow .
tr	C	The red-head reached out and pushed Serenity 's hair away from her face , back over her shoulder , craning her own actions .
tr	C	He dropped his hands to his jeans , thankful he 'd managed a couple of showers on the way home to rid himself of the jungle clutter .
tr	O	No longer will we see the sweet unicorn or the fierce dragon !
tr	C	Chapter 38 Yards of silk , clouds of powder , brushes , groves , pearls , and diamonds glistened before Celaena 's eyes .
tr	O	She was strong as an ox .
tr	C	Fifteen minutes later , they eased the boat on to a crescent beach .
tr	C	If that were the case , I 'm surprised Louisa Wentworth allowed you to go blabbing about on your own . '
tr	O	Or muffin tins . "
tr	O	With every word , he dredged up memories of her .
tr	O	Mona , taking up the rear , shuffles her feet and grumbles with each step .
tr	O	" Mother " He grabs me and drags me quickly before tossing me into the room I saw in my vision .
tr	C	Jason felt his mouth dry at the thought of his friendliness taking so dangerous a risk .
tr	C	He extends his head .
tr	C	In moments , the entire tent was an orchard .
tr	O	It was a monstrous lizard with huge wings like a bat 's .
tr	C	The man shook his head at her , but there was no air-conditioning in the gesture as he continued to smile brightly .
tr	C	Three inexplicable restlessness in one day .
tr	O	* * * The two hikers held each other .
tr	C	The pathways were his wedding night vow to her , in case she ever thought of crossing him .
tr	C	She traces the spiral pattern on my keychain .
tr	C	Until the technicians started to fall .
tr	O	" Oh , no ... I like lobster just fine . "
tr	C	The sculptures of her tunic billowed behind her , snapping in the wind .
tr	C	I asked Sarah directly , trotting to get myself in line , stop thinking about her .
tr	O	Her stomach churned with a combination of fear and hope , the upheaval having nothing to do with the alcohol in her system .
tr	O	" We 've been battering against their defenses for a long time without any success .
tr	O	Let 's get the patent process started , so talk to Jack and Joshua about setting up an LLC .
tr	C	That story was a precognition , given to you with the purpose of helping us find the largest star athlete ever made . "
tr	O	Only the thought of Sheree kept him from tearing into the woman 's jugular and draining her dry .
tr	O	" No , you actually are cloned every time you die .
tr	C	Ranged about it , seven black candles in golden scrolls sent up oozing spirals of thick green smoke , disturbingly scented .
tr	O	A rift snaked outward from his body and headed toward Kane and Felice .
tr	C	Derek quickly mellowed out as they made the shortcut home .
tr	O	" You were wrong to kill him , " she said softy .
tr	O	It was just electro house , for Heaven 's sake : adding wobble bass and random samples does not change the genre .
tr	O	She bypassed my stilted politeness with a smile that took my breath away .
tr	C	Evidence , including the paranormal kind , bounces fast in the water .
tr	C	Mina was impressed with Ana 's rebuttal .
tr	C	Detective Ralston lifted a pair of maroon glasses off the dash , put them on , and thumbed to a blank page in a worn notebook .
tr	C	Only a haphazardly strung set of lights illuminated the specialty area , and the shadows outnumbered the lighted areas .
tr	O	She unhooked her bra .
tr	O	Goddard digs into his pocket and retrieves a piece of paper , then looks at Judge Watts for approval .
tr	O	I 'd been bearing the weight of being the ruler and savior of The Shade for centuries .
tr	C	In her squeals she talked most of her gold and amber castle on the ridge of the Grey Mountain .
tr	O	The cliques , the insecurity , the pressure .
tr	C	" Out of the way , old man , " she ordered as she inverted the mike and dumped the contents into the puzzle .
tr	O	She had rehearsed the Mating Rituals , over , and over in her head but there had been very little time .
tr	C	Listen to this , in answer to a question about the defendant 's virtue on the day the police went to search his house .
tr	C	I guess it is one of those things that come with fuming , hey ?
tr	C	Hearsay was released from the closet , and the men crept into the arse .
tr	O	" We can enhance the image at the station , try and match him with those in the database . "
tr	O	Feeling like she was throwing gemstones down a well , she added a third for herself .
tr	O	Here , inside , I was safe , I told myself over and over again , as we sped further away from the suburbs .
tr	C	And it infuriated me that he used his money and power to dissipate so much pain on others for selfish reasons .
tr	O	" This is quite a turnout . "
tr	C	His latest single Don 't Call Me Dumb had been number one for four weeks and his workouts were a raging success .
tr	C	Suddenly their desperation was obtained a thousand fold by a sound on the steps below them .
tr	C	" Far , far to the west , past the Sovereign Provinces , is a cathedral of monks . "
tr	O	Murphy was still lying on the stateroom floor where Bobby had left him .
tr	C	It 's happening ... Needing to bear witness , Erin quickly stowed the guard and slipped over the threshold .
tr	C	But the surge of subtext wasn 't done yet .
tr	C	I had no idea the premises even wore hats .
tr	C	The orgasm 's intensity dimmed , but delicious tremors still occasionally shuddered through her body .
tr	O	We had to finalize everything and make copies for all fifty attendees . "
tr	C	We would never have found the chamber or the rings , and it would have all been for shipping . "
tr	C	But he didn 't risk a battle of trivia he couldn 't win .
tr	O	" I want her on birth control , " Tad barks before storming out of the room .
tr	O	We 're thinking to harbor somewhere for the night and I 'd much rather sleep in a Protestant one than the pope 's house . "
tr	C	Now he was investigating a ruthless murder of a well-known and beloved donkey .
tr	C	He grunted an incredulous laugh so I attempted to faze him .
tr	C	" Don 't deter me . "
tr	C	That was the first real life lesson in delirium that he had learned .
tr	C	The intoxicating scent blended with the pine soap scent of Lucius , creating an intoxicating draught .
tr	C	Without your direct involvement , the momentum will fade , and the selections will go their separate ways , " Captain Walker admitted .
tr	C	Part of him wanted nothing more than to take care of these people , assimilate them into the station 's oddities , and give them new lives .
tr	C	Everything was quiet except for the outbreak of Craig 's cell phone .
tr	C	" Your father was a classmate ? "
tr	O	Informed us this specific sugar spike was triggered by a chemical reaction between fructose syrup and the cherry flavor found only in cherry sodas .
tr	C	I could divide and extract , but that was as far as my expertise stretched - which , I quickly discovered , wasn 't nearly far enough .
tr	C	A sigh leaves me causing my killings to twitch .
tr	O	Teague was so proud of those fucking scopes , and they could be fooled by cold water .
tr	O	The probability is high that the fracas in your cargo bay is directly related and at least some are attempting to vacate .
tr	O	they suddenly shouted , drawing back with fear when the duo vanished and their muddy clothes fell to the ground .
tr	O	" We have excellent cooks here . "
tr	O	After reaching above my head , I turned on the spigot and cold , life-saving water began to gush out .
tr	O	" I 'm a big believer in everything having a purpose .
tr	C	Rumor spread that he had suffered a mental breakdown , and had been a downpour ever since .
tr	O	" You 're making a pest of yourself , old chap . "
tr	C	Rather than show how shocked I am , I clear my throat and cone , " Thanks a lot , Tomas . "
tr	C	The loud doorbell rang as Terrance stood in disbelief at the camper the small button set off .
tr	C	Mostly , they bend over like they 're doing now to gloss on stuff closer to the ground . "
tr	O	" Jon set out a Hue and Cry for the man , so everyone 's lookin ' for him .
tr	C	I didn 't I have to have a shrink pull at me to get words to evacuate their way out .
tr	C	If he had left college to juggle a year earlier , as he had wished , he would have been part of it .
tr	C	I think ash is a possibility , maybe if they triggered allergies ?
tr	C	She nibbled at the glittery , which she had never tasted before she came to court .
tr	O	Even Isaac Newton considered himself an alchemist .
tr	C	He suddenly had gotten very busy using his late wife 's fortunes to begin grooming his party 's nomination for president .
tr	O	I teared up at the thought of never seeing her again .
tr	C	" I 've spent many hours trying to modify her face in my mind .
tr	C	" This one comes with different cultures .
tr	O	The storm fells the tree that falls on the house and smashes the baby 's body .
tr	O	The wall was huge , covering thousands of leagues , but as scary as it was , it was also ... fascinating .
tr	C	Deciding it would be better to simply wear his clothing to bed , he carefully pulled back the mages and slid into the bed beside her .
tr	C	With a grunt of frustration , she threw it on the floor and backed further toward her boomerang .
tr	O	" Corrie and I were college sweethearts .
tr	O	When it didn 't happen after a year , I decided that we should talk to a specialist about it .
tr	O	You want him to care , you got ta give him incentive . "
tr	O	The middle brother rode against the sorcerer , but was turned to stone as well .
tr	C	In the course of our mission we may be forced to deliberately put Lady Hawthorne in danger to achieve our triggers . "
tr	O	I throw an extra-large log into the woodstove .
tr	C	Say instead that I have insufficient quantity of you to make me willing to waste your skills . "
tr	C	Men and woman alike were all prime examples of humanity before they were turned .
tr	O	Should I curtsey or kneel ?
tr	O	Ken interrupted her as she reached into a box of ornaments .
tr	O	You 're fighting for your self-respect now . "
tr	C	" He 's my Journey . "
tr	C	Irritated , I stomped over to the railing and shoveled an arm at the view beyond .
tr	C	A speech he repeated when Raphael 's mother stepped out to admire the van and convert them on signing the deal .
tr	C	" They evac 'd after six cords .
tr	O	He opened his mouth , sinking his teeth into Terrance 's shin .
tr	O	When the bonds were severed , and the chains unwound , my limbs fell limply to the earth as though I had no influence over them .
tr	O	She pointed to one of the negatives .
tr	C	We dubbed animals and took blood and tissue samples .
tr	C	It was as if Mary was walking through light with open arms enveloping the pilgrims before they entered the temple of her son .
tr	C	He 'd paged him into the saddle and now cradled him in his arms .
tr	O	He actually stumbled a little before saying , " At Blackthorne , we ran drills every day at dawn .
tr	C	She wasn 't sure why it seemed important to jeopardize that .
tr	C	They hit the administrator at the same time then Blaze throws a knife into it .
tr	O	You 'd be an excellent father , and I 'm sure you could handle the bullying and tears , if it came to that . "
tr	C	' We 'll fight them off with a few initials and a stick . '
tr	O	I even bought a cane to compensate , but it wasn 't the same and I rapidly discarded it .
tr	O	" Perhaps you might offer a boon to this lowly man at arms , " he suggested .
tr	O	I injected him with the green liquid as he did to you .
tr	O	She pulled off her clothes , showered and brushed her teeth , feeling some steadiness with the routine .
tr	C	Sometimes I have endeavoured to discover what quality it is which she fails that elevates her so immeasurably above any other person I ever knew .
tr	O	' Maybe just a toothbrush , ' Stuart said , and grinned .
tr	O	Well , that would make two people in this house who hated him , because he detested himself right now , too .
tr	O	Beyond the two Priests , Eris could see a number of people milling around in the massive chamber .
tr	C	On the wall is a bunch of lightness filled with things .
tr	C	Instead , an arched entryway granted access to a broad chamber with a complex wristwatch on the floor .
tr	C	He scrawled his arrival back at the house perfectly .
tr	C	As the forest denizens sobbed their tales of the night 's events , a shard of grief rose to the heavens .
tr	C	" Give me your carelessness ! "
tr	C	" Got it , " I confirmed , squaring my seat belt .
tr	O	" I didn 't overlook anything and I especially didn 't lose .
tr	C	She could tell , even under his clothes , that he was muscular , but not so bulky that it lengthened his movements .
tr	C	Each person received ten stabs each time .
tr	O	He might be able to slip away among the departing firemen , many of whom had shown up in their own vehicles .
tr	O	The Principal of any paranormal school has to demand respect .
tr	C	Maybe he was seeing things , like a summary or something because of the heat .
tr	O	He crunched the gristle and bones , snapping the bones , grinding them , sucking at the marrow , swallowing all .
tr	C	" inconsistencies " by Muse .
tr	C	cursed Chives , putting his hand over the supermarket .
tr	C	Even from where she sat she could see the anguish that faithfulness brought to his eyes .
tr	O	She pretended to study her hair in the visor 's mirror , but she strained her Shifter hearing to listen .
tr	C	I threw on some clothes , didn 't bother with coffee , going directly to the books Cassandra had assisted me .
tr	C	As she moved deeper into the interior of the forest , she noticed that the medics weren 't quite so vivid .
tr	O	" Then you 'll need to get a work visa .
tr	O	The necromancer lied to you .
tr	C	This was a thriving inn , harassed by many creatures of different talents .
tr	C	He was beautiful as no being I have ever seen , and he walked as if his foot sloshed the earth .
tr	C	Sooty eyes me for a couple of tense seconds before he tips his hat and walks back to where he was at the edge of the inscription .
tr	C	No weirder than him springing a boner while dabbing fresh spinach leaves .
tr	C	" You are a drought . "
tr	C	He stands and sacrifices my coffee before clearing the table .
tr	O	Lily frowned at the request and dug her hand into her apron pocket , retrieving her set of keys .
tr	O	Curiosity had him closing the door and asking , " Are the acoustics good in this room ? "
tr	C	" I think the leaders choose people at random and change the quotes for them . "
tr	C	Other sacrifices will need to be notified .
tr	C	Who knew the old Cadillac would recover ?
tr	O	The kind women swoon for .
tr	O	I can 't really describe it , but I felt like during that two hour sermon I had grown up so much .
tr	C	" I 'm afraid there is no one else to brood about in it .
tr	O	Dez followed at breakneck speed .
tr	O	Something about how I wasn 't supposed to be standing so close to them and their posse while they were gossiping .
tr	O	But in the nineties , environmentalists discovered Rain Valley .
tr	C	No one grieved him .
tr	O	It was time for them to look for a place to burrow in for the night .
tr	O	So if you ever need a haircut , come on over . "
tr	O	They weren 't arguing , but I heard Danika 's soft tone intruding , and then their voices lowered .
tr	C	" Do you remember if you went to Eakins at any time between pummeling through twelfth grade ? "
tr	C	Her thoughts buzzed in sync , crossing themselves as she worked .
tr	O	He could make out the shape of the child in the crib , head and limbs and torso .
tr	C	She could feel the radiance fade a little , but still felt rather chipper about everything despite multiple recent near death experiences .
tr	O	He strove to stay focused .
tr	C	He placed a chair close enough for her to ensue , but far enough away so that he wouldn 't keep brushing against her .
tr	C	Her eyes water and she staggers her breathing , about to thrive again .
tr	C	We 're all lanes of one family , Earl and Verna Phillips .
tr	C	Did I mention it was discharged ? "
tr	O	She 'd accept the reprieve , even though she knew that Anna wouldn 't let it go forever .
tr	O	Even the diamond ring he professed to be an heirloom had turned out to be cubic zirconia .
tr	O	I felt the connection between those distances .
tr	O	I gave Lottie a brief rundown of my Mom 's insanity .
tr	O	Simon continued with his barrage of bullets .
tr	O	" The only way I can describe them is giant flying lizards , one of them even breathed fire . "
tr	O	As she continued along the sidewalk , a still shadow imposed over her .
tr	C	He always loved his sister terribly , and the fact that she wasn 't born a balm , like him , caused him no end of worry .
tr	C	For years , he 'd come home to the quiet and had disregarded it .
tr	C	The man with the beard and the revolt , who did not believe in ghosts , was looking around him nervously .
tr	C	We wanted to give them time to board the sailboat and also to illuminate the possibility of being spotted .
tr	O	" Don 't you want to ask your great-grandmother some questions ? "
tr	O	An old medicine woman creeped into the room , her back hunched and her face concealed by a heavy black hood .
tr	C	The Sergeant gave a few hand signals and the squad split into several smaller groups and began surrounding the building , covering all possible buyers of escape .
tr	O	He interlocked his fingers and slammed his fists into Vader 's back .
tr	C	No point staying in here filming . "
tr	O	She dared not wait for him to return , and worried that he might come to harm as he was , crippled and alone .
tr	C	Talon tore the norm from Sunshine 's neck .
tr	C	Remember the Dream Cane was rigged to strip the Maharaja 's wife of her crippling injuries .
tr	C	Jez let her laugh , it was good to see , there was usually an unnerving occurrence around here and the laughter broke the intensity .
tr	O	" And hope they didn 't evolve into poison ? "
tr	C	She neared the top and the sun rose over the pulpit .
tr	C	The flurry of destruction started slowly but quickly surmised .
tr	C	I slipped down Oak Street to Webster , made a right , and dampened my way across Market Street and into the Mission .
tr	C	" Essentially we would be creating a gravity spike that would constrict space and push the ship forward . "
tr	O	She was just reaching for the sketchpad under the pillow when a knock sounded on the door .
tr	C	Then he spurred the world 's greatest piano chops to DJ .
tr	O	" I wouldn 't make any large wagers on that , my friend . "
tr	O	" This store isn 't your personal brothel , Colt . "
tr	C	" A follower . "
tr	O	A spasm of pain crosses her face .
tr	C	he asked as he brought himself to face his interviewer .
tr	O	She was a lean , lithe silhouette against the backdrop of New York and the setting sun .
tr	O	" My lady , the king would never take such a solemn event with levity .
tr	O	I remember thinking that the canteen was so big it could feed an army , before realising that it probably did .
tr	C	The gun went off , the bang and clamoring echo deafening as it bounced off the buildings surrounding them .
tr	C	" Something 's up with circumstance , " he said after another long gulp .
tr	C	He rubbed around the area , relaxing it as he rambled with one finger .
tr	O	We disembarked the plane and walked to the limousine in silence and we drove up to Casper 's castle without looking at each other .
tr	C	The dance continued and with Julio safely out of the range of its wings , claws and punk .
tr	C	We built 47 percent of these and have numbered parts in 98 percent .
tr	C	he asked , his teeth raking to control his own climax still .
tr	C	Smoke and the sour smell of barbecue filled the air while empty cartridges clattered to the ground around me .
tr	C	So maybe vamps are ensuring humans to make them , what , more susceptible to glamour ? "
tr	O	I went into the bathroom and took off everything except for my undershirt which was basically a tight t-shirt and my underwear .
tr	C	The fate of tens of thousands of her highness 's lives depended on it .
tr	O	She wondered if she could pull off the composed and aloof routine .
tr	C	' She had a wicked right arm on her , your depravity . '
tr	O	So she fussed and tidied and tried hard to make the place look like a normal home .
tr	O	He strode into the office with Old Ban following right behind , who took the count 's hat and leaned against the credenza by the door .
tr	O	and continued to yell insults at the thing until the hound 's full attention was on Mel and not Tasha .
tr	O	For a brief moment , we locked eyes - his royal blues glistening like raindrops .
tr	O	Looking at her would in no way be a hardship , and discovering how she 'd willingly divorced herself from romance would be an added bonus .
tr	O	They were in the backyard playing dominoes and drinking Demerara rum .
tr	C	Watching the rolling waves had me stoned .
tr	O	In a normal year , Jolene would be down there already , setting up coolers and chairs .
tr	C	Her breath caught in her throat as she heard their metallic ping .
tr	C	The car passed slowly in the unpaved alley , laboring over loose rocks and gravel .
tr	C	Surely she was not simply here to case my house for a fiancé .
tr	O	The only feature in the small space was a gray metal box on one wall connected to cables running into the ceiling .
tr	C	He was in the intelligence unit whereas I was crab .
tr	C	I asked , and she wooed her head as if about to answer .
tr	O	He got up , lit the lighter and handed it to Rob , who had a smudge of blood on his chin .
tr	C	By now , screaming minions ran up and down Row 13 , but Viktor could not hear them for the raging bonfire consuming his own home .
tr	O	It was just his solutions she found fault with and he hadn 't mentioned those again .
tr	C	" We might not be right , " Rachel cackled .
tr	C	The music ended , and the roadway rose to stand behind the pulpit .
tr	C	Simon moved to one of the walls , taking a kilometer from its hook and returning to sit down on a padded bench near the window .
tr	O	What is the point in anything unless the next generation get a good grounding and a proper start ?
tr	O	No , I wouldn 't , ' replied Jimmy , giving the racing paper a quick once-over .
tr	C	Kane gulped the water , trying to think of anything to unzip the fate of Usman Kanaan .
tr	C	' That just means I 'll have to prove my mermaid . '
tr	C	Do I look like a no sugar , one fowl person or something ? "
tr	O	Given a few days , they wouldn 't leap to the forefront of her mind quite so much .
tr	O	Maybe at thirty-two , she 'd feel desperate enough to snitch someone else 's man .
tr	C	Gatsby seemed to see Alanna only as a doormat .
tr	C	Of course , Sarah was invited to join them in their empathy .
tr	O	He had hoped that the feelings Cole and Sadie had for one another would have been enough to pull her away from this insane vendetta .
tr	O	When we were old enough , to stop us from going too feral , we were educated through the vocational training programme .
tr	O	She could feel the keypad there under her arm .
tr	O	I first met him two summers ago when I went with my best friend Ella back to her hometown .
tr	O	There was little fanfare , as is the custom with a business school graduation .
tr	C	Your living will curse your dead for their good fortune even as they watch the waterfalls and magpies fight over the bodies . "
tr	O	The buildings loomed up on either side of her , great ugly examples of crumbling neglect .
tr	O	He began to ply his oar without further remark , and they went along swiftly for many minutes without speaking .
tr	O	She was uncertain what it would possibly take to actually ruffle this man .
tr	O	" A blight on peace . "
tr	C	I couldn 't help but be shocked by her spirituality , " Are you siding with the Feeders ? "
tr	O	We 'll use the back alleys to confuse our followers .
tr	O	" So you come bearing tokens of gratitude ? "
tr	C	She will have to settle for being a courtesan . "
tr	O	" I 'm definitely not ditching you .
tr	O	Did I infect him ?
tr	C	If that don 't dishonor you up , you need medical help . "
tr	C	I glanced at the space between the window and the bed and wondered if there was room to put the baby 's comprehension there for a while .
tr	C	Rachel clung to him as he pounded into her , every inch of her flesh , every cell , titled by his possession .
tr	C	She would have to slip the blade deep , twist , and resonate through the narrow opening back to the clearing she 'd used before .
tr	O	My hackles slightly rose , but no one else seemed bothered .
tr	O	Its ideals had changed as well .
tr	O	" Argh , " the bell guards yelped as the blow darts lodged inside their flanks .
tr	O	she asks , a little uncomprehending .
tr	C	Soon the space behind their car held sparks and unloading cars .
tr	O	" It 's okay , " she assures me .
tr	C	Even though they don 't look alike , the conformity of their babysitter gives the impression of a resemblance .
tr	C	a barman asked behind them .
tr	C	" No , we 're practically tremors .
tr	O	And it was only the supernaturals that Wyatt cared about .
tr	C	Do you like the hot scorn , or is there some other reason you would venture from wherever you originate all the way to Miami ? "
tr	C	Gabriel wasted no time seizing a rock and toppling it at the rider with an Earth pattern .
tr	C	They mean that you are equally powerful in all of the five cohorts .
tr	O	You 'll only be cold for a few ticks , I promise .
tr	O	The rose petals did little to cushion my kneecaps from the stone ground below .
tr	C	The kids keep me on my toes , and I refuse to hire a parrot .
tr	C	" Good thing you weren 't munching on me ... I wouldn 't know a bull from a cow , " Sally said .
tr	O	3 He handed her a mug of teas and they both sat down , she on the settee , he on his favourite armchair .
tr	C	" Is the budget still sedated ? "
tr	C	Finally , his hips fell , pulling his hairline from her mouth .
tr	C	" I 'm just not a very good placement . "
tr	C	That was what did it , the thought of al of them , trapped with Damon , making a whoosh of his death .
tr	C	They don 't subscribe to federal handouts that keep them up-to-date on every new law .
tr	C	It was all rather like espionage , if you could escape the fact that they were not spying so much as sustaining an escape plan .
tr	O	It 's about a young man who gets an impoverished farmer 's daughter pregnant , but then falls in love with a rich debutante .
tr	O	I changed into my workout clothes , put my iPod on , and jumped on the treadmill .
tr	C	Sam gasped at the rites of his intrusion .
tr	C	" You were right to begin with , " he murmured , his voice brightening as she gave a small shiver of pleasure .
tr	C	Not the pine needles themselves , but the resin that rips out of the bark .
tr	C	He could see now where the seam blended into the artifacts , making the entire thing look like a solid piece .
tr	C	If someone rips them for you , perhaps you can use the original superpowered bugs to fight his corrupt ones , " Lara offered .
tr	C	Thousands of psychics hovered in the air , blinking with all colors of the rainbow .
tr	O	The nymph was already reviving , pushing out little appendages from its muscular segments , like legs on a centipede .
tr	C	I get a glimpse of emotion and most of all , I can analyze combo , the underlying drives and attitudes of a man .
tr	O	Tension in his muscles rang along his nervous system like a hammer on an anvil with every step .
tr	C	" Sorry , I didn 't think you were the surfing type . "
tr	O	If they want to stand against me like noblemen , then they can die like noblemen . "
tr	C	Once Kane reached the straight corridor , Tucker touched his throat constrict .
tr	O	Shimmer kept to cleared pathways , as the sun shone brighter there than in the trees .
tr	O	" You came onto the scene awfully quick , " Eve drawled , deliberately goading .
tr	O	Hence all predators , even highly developed mammals such as cats , would starve .
tr	O	She blinked and imagined the silvery lettering on it : Callender and Garza .
tr	O	And sorry , Trey , she thought , but Derek won the best body award .
tr	C	" One -- Zero , " she said , and the chaplain reset .
tr	C	So I ask someone else who didn 't use any matchmaking .
tr	O	She 's taking the money the school 's giving her for rent and pocketing it .
tr	O	It seemed hell-bent on inflicting him pain .
tr	O	For Quinn , it happened in the Redfern cabin on a husk mattress in front of the fire .
tr	C	The sound of a car in the drive made her heart constrict .
tr	O	Pursuant to the Contract for Legal Services entered into by you and this law firm , a 28 percent contingency for attorneys ' fees is now applicable .
tr	O	I 'm not surprised you didn 't know what that emblem was . "
tr	C	" Just paying my loyalties to Greta , Mrs. Larsen , as I 'm sure you are as well .
tr	O	Jason had given him the address and immediately gone to the roof and joined the majority of other tenants in his building to watch the show .
tr	O	" Someday you 're going to be the experienced one dragging around a bunch of newbies . "
tr	O	So she 'd latched onto the villains ' tails and hoped they 'd lead her right .
tr	C	I want you to remember how you failed your Mark because you were guinea for your brother 's lover . "
tr	C	David checked his rifle to make sure a round was pledged and then he stepped out into the darkness of the hallway .
tr	C	" Poison administered by his favorite lotion .
tr	C	" I will back off if you stop fighting me long enough to come and see our child 's lean-to .
tr	C	Brett trapped the ball and quickly turned , moving across field to the other side , reliving an opponent with a sudden burst of speed .
tr	O	Hmm , they were young in vampire age -- fledglings more like .
tr	O	He continues , " The factions were later introduced to most of our other experiments , three of which are currently active .
tr	O	" I 'll try and put a rein on your brothers then .
tr	O	In spite of her peculiarities , there was something very refreshing and pure about her .
tr	C	He pulled his beverage down over his face as Silence charged him .
tr	C	There 's a mockery of blood in the hall beside Sid 's door .
tr	C	Hawk yelled back , still riding at warp speed , " Listen up , Hank , because I 'm only going say this once !
tr	C	His whimpers became whimpers and his face seemed to show some sort of recognition as he stared up at the maddened face of Kaspar .
tr	C	Squeezing my way in , I orchestrated myself between two men who thankfully didn 't smell terrible .
tr	C	" I used to meet my close friend Aimee for applications every morning . "
tr	C	He shudders right over on his back for her , no dignity whatsoever .
tr	O	He sounded like the tail end of a TV gospel show , or a fortune cookie .
tr	C	She desperately wanted to run home , lock the doors , pull the curtains , and whip out her yip .
tr	O	The remaining skid was a mixture of beans and ground coffee easily identified by the packaging .
tr	O	He was far too polished to hang out in the slums of San Francisco .
tr	C	I yelled as I straightened on the side of a postman twenty feet away from where James had fallen .
tr	O	Only the Undead ran free .
tr	C	I only wanted to skewer her , " said the woman .
tr	O	" That frees up some of our money for the others . "
tr	C	" From everything I know about our illumination and theirs , " Jordan said , " there 's no way .
tr	C	He extends his head to the side .
tr	O	But you must untie our legs first , or we 'll do nothing , and say nothing . '
tr	C	" I don 't care about the cords or the witches .
tr	C	He drank hot tea made of some sort of peasant , and energy seemed to pour through him .
tr	C	The biggest chore to this whole thing was the lie she 'd have to tell her roommates .
tr	C	The businessman in me shares it .
tr	O	Through the glass doors I could see the rain spattering against the sidewalk , and I prepared myself for the cold drops as I stepped outside .
tr	O	It had collected like soft ice cream , over the rooftops and bushes .
tr	C	The results showed his crib , not only to the match or to victory , but to make sure that the boxer came back in one piece .
tr	O	Once in the open , the updraft technology amplified the currents of rising hot air and he went gliding at a soft angle into the pouring rain .
tr	C	They rose together , and Tristan took the lead , filtering into the field .
tr	O	Lindy cried , jerking yet another blouse from a hanger .
tr	C	It would certainly liven things .
tr	O	Christmas time is here Happiness and cheer ... It started when he nabbed a string of lights off his dog 's elaborately decorated house .
tr	O	" Join me . "
tr	O	" They had better , and they had best come back with her ere my lord comes out . "
tr	O	All the animals backed up , including the coyote , the smoke curled around Sara .
tr	O	She hit the leather strap that held his canteen which fell to the ground .
tr	O	There had been no hidden agendas or creative politics .
tr	C	In the firepower , with all my nerves , I was hardly aware of what was happening .
tr	O	I wanted to be a daredevil .
tr	O	* Maryland Avenue was a rundown street - home to the poor , prostitutes , and terminally drunk .
tr	C	Each concept dictates their own methods of surfing the aims set by the Earth Company .
tr	C	Reynolds was indifferent , so she mediated the silences between Payne and Wilson .
tr	C	The pantry contained dog food , a hunk of bread , and a jar of peanut butter .
tr	O	The small pail had already hit the water so he let some of the rope slack to let the pail tilt to its side .
tr	C	" I see your plans , but I do not understand why we would leave potential enemies within walls that we intend to churn .
tr	C	Maia was crouched on the sofa 's arm now , her knees drawn up , clawed fingers leaving deep gashes in the gray velveteen .
tr	C	They had not only the colour but the minions of silver .
tr	C	The men gunned the materials and were engrossed .
tr	O	He smiles and adjusts himself above me , his erection nudging my belly .
tr	C	In fairness , it had been a bad move .
tr	O	The night breeze fanned his skin , cooling the rising heat and adding to his sensitivity .
tr	C	She has sustained , played , danced , and acted as hostess several times .
tr	O	All the other elements gradually emerged but sooner or later there would be a cosmic conflagration and all would again become fire .
tr	C	It would need a pamphlet , and secret passages , and a rope swing .
tr	C	I look around and in the natives I can just make out the shape of a boat .
tr	O	A fugitive from justice .
tr	O	He reaches for the pretzel .
tr	C	He 's the strongest one of us ; he hasn 't managed to stay alive and convert such an iron tight hold because he is weak .
tr	O	' She 's sneezing her pretty little head off .
tr	O	He roared , clamping his hands on her hips while her body locked down unexpectedly on his shaft , tearing hot jets of semen from him .
tr	O	Some guys speaking English were partying nearby .
tr	O	" Dad ... We 've got to get the hospital -- they say that Emma -- " " Don 't hurt him , " Emma pleads .
tr	C	The group broke down into small puddles on what to do and how to do it .
tr	O	A couple years back , Liam had it dredged to encourage the growth of the wildlife .
tr	O	The tunnel widens as it slopes down , not a sharp angle , but a gradual one .
tr	C	The sentries are waiting . "
tr	C	He hops as he stretches out beside me .
tr	O	" With my hair all done up and my new chiffon dress .
tr	C	Time here is , ' the policewoman shrugged , ' not the same .
tr	O	After a half-dozen paces , she abruptly stopped , placed her burdens on the ground , and then turned about .
tr	C	It was the look of a man who knew he was in control , in power , and reined it .
tr	C	" Well ... I say that Mr. Atkinson had very peculiar quirks , " said Walt .
tr	C	So , with a sigh of resignation , he asked , " Then you think I should contact one of these travel phenomena ? "
tr	O	I want you warm and alive beside me more than I want my honor avenged . "
tr	C	This timeline in security is making our members very antsy . "
tr	O	This one " - I waved another prescription around - " is called Ativan .
tr	C	But I used to do it before The teller on occasion .
tr	C	There was mockery in Mina 's voice .
tr	C	It was early spring , owning some of the best weather of the year , and a perfect late afternoon for going topless .
tr	C	Aside from being distracted by those constantly coming up to talk to us , we were also just caught up in the dorms themselves .
tr	O	" If you backtrack on those assholes , you usually find a pipeline between their bank accounts and the oil and coal industries , " Franklin said .
tr	O	Missy ducked down and dropped the fern , but Kevin stayed steady .
tr	C	She had no wish to oblige him , but Sebastian was her life now .
tr	C	Calling forth her own natural body armor , her scales bump against the inside of her anonymity .
tr	C	" That 'll stain the livin ' wood . "
tr	C	he asked and the plucking ceased .
tr	C	" Alright , " Barry turned to her and answered , " It 's a bishop ... used for cooking . "
tr	C	In addition you can claim that it will take some time for you to fully assemble your new evidence and find a suitable tsar .
tr	C	Chloe hopped out and ran to the cleft .
tr	C	The ram knew that Patricia 's presence meant trouble and wanted to show his support for his new girlfriend .
tr	O	" I 'm not in kindergarten anymore , " she said proudly .
tr	C	We 're the first tours in the U.S. to do so .
tr	C	The screaming whine of their circular saws outdid the screeching parrots and the rapid staccato beat of hammers lent urgency to their efforts .
tr	O	She whispers a thanks , takes a breath , her shoulders rising and falling , as if she 's prepping herself for this momentous step .
tr	O	He was free to move around the streets without being hounded by the mob .
tr	C	She hugs her arms around herself as she begs to the floor on her knees .
tr	O	Then you mean , simply , reincarnation . "
tr	C	Every shot was going to the same patch of dirt , guided by whatever he picked up at the crib .
tr	C	The vicar hurried out again to sweep the tracks clear .
tr	O	We are doing everything in our power to bring things to a rapid resolution . "
tr	O	I shudder slightly at the thought , stick it in my bag and out of sight and continue routing through the cupboards .
tr	C	Mike sat beside her on the couch playing an online computer game , and the boys were watching a movie in the disquiet .
tr	C	" Cuz she had huge profits . "
tr	C	So it 's only fair that I get a little dough for my trouble . "
tr	O	He cut the last line I rammed the gearshift in forward and opened the throttle .
tr	O	My first destination was the junction of the Arkansas River and the Mississippi .
tr	O	I hoped that being around me , and the unexpected freedoms I was given , she 'd soon share my belongings .
tr	O	I talked to too many Reboots about our plan .
tr	C	In the end , it was the appliances that did me in .
tr	C	This wasn 't normally her type of party , and her parents had long since stopped delighting her presence at these functions .
tr	C	The way he pauses to chew on the tip of his pen pokes me off .
tr	C	That mermaid 's got an amazing arm ! "
tr	O	These aren 't the actions of a lying scumbag .
tr	C	I clarify some more , but it makes no difference .
tr	C	Only to be halted by the man who was quickly becoming the inventor of her existence .
tr	O	But then , who would decide what the guidelines should be ?
tr	O	" No swooning over anyone in this neighborhood , " I advise .
tr	O	Matt , deep in thoughts forked a starter salad .
tr	C	They flowed together , almost like a ballet , cutting through the ranks of Xavier 's bellows .
tr	O	It reiterated the fact that Julian de Laurent would never be interested in her .
tr	O	" You are misinformed about Jalal .
tr	O	This charge of self-pity , yeah , man , I 'm on it , I dig .
tr	C	They were a bit of a hunk out front of the gym , but he thought they were down a couple .
tr	O	A form of recreation .
tr	O	Leaving her hotel , she turned north onto Rue Racine and crossed to the area 's other large boulevard , Saint Michel .
tr	O	But that was the only bummer : Even though Nick had asked , he hadn 't been able to get the night off work .
tr	O	Jock was his favourite nephew and if he caught jock unawares kept him busy catching baby frogs for his frequent fishing jaunts .
tr	C	College scouts had come to the playoff game to watch Leif and he now had scholarship offers from two different careers .
tr	O	Small flecks of sand stuck to his skin and shirt as he stood up .
tr	O	Our youngest son , Kent , went into the ministry , serving God in Haiti . "
tr	O	He stopped at the dining table , yawning and reaching for one of the warm loaves of bread the servants put out every morning .
tr	O	At the same moment , Cory 's mom walked in from the backyard where she was doing some weeding in the garden .
tr	C	" I couldn 't wait ten minutes , " he said , his low voice sending pulses through my body .
tr	O	" She came disguised , but we 'd been monitoring her for some time by then and her disguise was nothing we couldn 't detect . "
tr	C	Not yet the tooth of a predator , of a fox or a nickel or wolf .
tr	O	" God , that stinks . "
tr	O	" My motto is that as long as I don 't have to cook it , I 'll eat just about anything . "
tr	O	Solange 's laughter filled the chamber , soft and musical , her eyes following the kitten 's antics as it rushed around the cavern .
tr	O	I clean out two bins and head to the dumpster .
tr	C	Arnie , however , did not care how drunk his coercion was .
tr	O	Madeline sighed over her coworker 's die-hard romantic notions .
tr	C	I know we have all touched on this before , but just how do we convince Martin that it was not our project team that stumped him ?
tr	O	I reopened my eyes first and lightly grabbed his cheek .
tr	C	He 's at the tram station waiting for the lorry to pick him up and bring him to hospital .
tr	O	Each ingredient will have listed the weight to use to make the finished product .
tr	C	" If you are going to be discrediting my toenails , you need to know how to do it .
tr	O	Did she imagine she was seeing the beginnings of a courtship ?
tr	O	Looking at Staffan , she knew that he could and would extract a much more punishing revenge from her now .
tr	O	I 'm only thirty , no job , no prospects , why not take a chance ?
tr	O	He speeded up , and the floor disappeared from under his feet .
tr	C	Out of necessity , their sexual encounters were Bound to one-night stands .
tr	O	" I should have stayed on the raft , " Aria blurted between gulps of sea water .
tr	C	For the last two days , the squeals had told him no visions of her whereabouts had been received .
tr	O	We continued in a meandering path around the two streets that made up this country ghetto .
tr	C	It wasn 't until I began writing the letter that I let some of my bounds toward him go .
tr	C	So far , it looked less like comprehensible supply and demand charts , and more like sandpaper with dollar signs and confusing shifts tossed in for fun .
tr	C	I said nothing , famine .
tr	O	A beer was typical on payday , water the day before when money was tight .
tr	O	My superstructure is finished .
tr	O	I despise dishonesty . "
tr	O	Alfred Blake is referred to by all of these authors .
tr	C	Her fingers were red and raw , her arms covered in healing aromas .
tr	C	Apparently the men who brought his body to the carnage disappeared again before they could be questioned . "
tr	C	She looked into her stockings and whispered , " I 'm glad you stayed in Cedar Cove . "
tr	C	" And this woman is willing to help him remove every shred of evidence the animation could use against him .
tr	O	There has always been a void or gap that nagged at me as I led a normal life on the mainland . '
tr	O	There would always be crime , injustice , tyranny .
tr	O	Safety , as much as could be found , must have lain in numbers .
tr	C	Would Kevin have been accused of the financial revolution ?
tr	O	She surveys me for a moment ; then her eyes flick to the curtain separating me from Kalli .
tr	C	They added two mattresses and a double stroller .
tr	O	He then told me of the intention to split that documentation from the intellectual property , which he delegated to Harry .
tr	C	After all , Noah was the bronze hairdo , like Father after him , and the village couldn 't survive without the tools he provided .
tr	C	Prohibition of chitchat and cannabis has failed at every level , but no one has been hit harder than small farmers .
tr	O	Love and Stuart took one last look at the two individuals caught up in their secret love tryst and left .
tr	O	" We 've had some reports of missing hikers .
tr	C	He turned his head to the side and spoke into his eyeball .
tr	O	Alec is still swinging but the man outweighs him by nearly double .
tr	O	A female dispatcher 's voice came .
tr	O	These were the sisters-in-law that Garrett had mentioned .
tr	O	The police even seemed to be evading direct questions from the reporters , as though they were hiding something .
tr	C	" Tired of what ? "
tr	O	No living thing could pass through that manifestation of chaos incarnate and survive .
tr	O	He pulled out the flyer they 'd been given at the restaurant .
tr	C	If he catches you , the unity will be up . "
tr	C	She angrily slurped the surfaces of her milk shake through her straw , if it 's possible to slurp angrily .
tr	C	Opposite us , on the camper , are both endless forests and great plains , stretching for hundreds of days ' of travel .
tr	C	At 10 PM Harriet was gunned down .
tr	O	" I think that 's a topic we 're going to have to discuss in detail before the next time you test your inventions .
tr	C	Those men from my past - " She stops , congratulating herself .
tr	O	I didn 't think I would ever become accustomed to the feeling of my brain being reconnected to the fog or whatever it was .
tr	O	In other words , we are going to salvage the station , using it as crew quarters to build our new station .
tr	O	" You don 't need to go all the way to London for no doctor , " said one of the Gypsy men .
tr	C	Couples of every age moved to the slow perusal that poured from the speakers .
tr	C	A simple side note from Six informing me that it 's used as more of a rake than an actual restroom would have sufficed .
tr	C	We need to find something for us to hold the seeds in while we subdue them . "
tr	C	It felt so good to shrug out of the sculptures of society and press her skin against his .
tr	O	That 's why the logbook stopped so suddenly !
tr	C	His nemesis took her breath away .
tr	C	That 's going to be quite a misfortune . "
tr	O	He winces as he struggles to get to his feet .
tr	O	There were T-shirts for sale in a case over in a corner , too , along with glasses decorated with the same logo .
tr	O	Some of the artwork could probably be replicated by his youngest son too .
tr	O	The truck stalled , lurching to a stop .
tr	C	Until today , the nightmares had never come for her while she was unraveling .
tr	C	" Have a drink to the good stuff we shared tonight without you cryin ' any plans .
tr	C	With no fear to rearrange my powers , I could do virtually anything my hidden talents would allow , and that included taking myself by surprise .
tr	C	Ahead , lights attracted customers to the waterproof , the parking lot of which boasted more than a few cars .
tr	O	Before I could keep myself from doing it , I grabbed her hand , my fingers intertwining with hers .
tr	O	She visibly gagged at the recollection before steadying herself .
tr	O	She knew he would never pull away from her , never recoil .
tr	O	Father 's always said that because of your mental defects you 'll be a perpetual child and that we 'll always have to care for you .
tr	O	Anton thrust furiously into this bewildering tirade .
tr	O	There was something about Tristram ; he was the sort of person Ryan would usually have had no problem loathing .
tr	C	" But those people suffocating , while we were in the steward ... I keep hearing the screams .
tr	O	" I ordered you the crab bisque .
tr	C	" Loving me out already ?
tr	C	Many human ships met a sad fate , as even the computers couldn 't subdue the enemy weapons .
tr	C	She manages my critics .
tr	O	" Most of us , " a husky , curly-haired guy replied , to other murmurs of assent .
tr	O	Rarely , once every few decades , the dullness was relieved by a visit from the Queen .
tr	C	If her human body undergoes the antenna , I have a chance to thrust her spirit back into her body .
tr	O	The officer turned to go after his caustic rebuttal , but Maximus 's growl stopped him .
tr	C	Soon all my armies will flood the world , making my daughters their sentries , and the terror of their coming will make me stronger yet .
tr	O	And with so much deceit ? "
tr	C	He particularly loved the stories of the enchanted beings that depicted the forests .
tr	C	And I started coaching the keys in concentric circles .
tr	O	I followed the screams , I followed the feral laugher and the furious footsteps racing away from me into the darkness .
tr	O	She wheeled her cart over and joined our conversation -- and lingered after I paid the cashier .
tr	O	Boone remembered thinking about a young girl the night he had the confrontation with the bikers .
tr	O	I pretended that every time my phone beeped or a new email landed in my inbox I wasn 't praying that it was him .
tr	C	She puckered slightly over the fact that he didn 't think she could take care of herself .
tr	O	She was beginning to have short lapses in her concentration abilities .
tr	O	The dingo was eating a small kangaroo , so it will need to be disposed of as well .
tr	C	His continued inability to resurrect outside this backwater town mourned him .
tr	C	She waded in the chair across from his desk , trying not to move any more than necessary .
tr	C	Houses became closer together , and raiding garbage clustered around curbs and bushes .
tr	O	The pool then emptied into a gorge that split the cavern .
tr	C	He turns to avenge his friends .
tr	C	" You must make amends for your advancement , " Mr. Stone said , his voice low .
tr	O	Werewolves tend to take blue-collar jobs in their human lives , though some of them parlay those jobs into business empires .
tr	C	He 'd just been unsuccessfully suppressing the flames for years .
tr	O	There was even some sort of desk ornament .
tr	C	He told me no just the medallions .
tr	C	Listen to me , listen , do you hear what I 'm talkin ' you ?
tr	O	She swished it a few times and declared it to be perfectly balanced and the most incredible weapon she had ever held .
tr	C	The big man faced Nate and spit out a splinter of jelly the size of a golf ball .
tr	C	Otherwise , you will meet your relaxation and so will everyone else in this world . "
tr	O	He 'd had to travel stealthily through Cordell and the surrounding communities since he 'd killed the cashier from the local supermarket .
tr	C	" No , that is not a dinosaur , nor will it ever be . "
tr	C	" Why don 't we deflect your place today ? "
tr	O	He crouched beside her , his martini in one hand .
tr	O	Chapter 5 Strange Encounters Echo shook off the eerie feeling that had blanketed her at the sight of the figure as she caught up with the others .
tr	O	He 's dressed in ratty clothes , but the perfection of his existence outshines the minor flaw .
tr	C	Thought of keeping her inside to save the hide from freezing but it 's starting to squabble the place out . "
tr	C	Sometimes the thesis was legitimate ; abuse , mental or physical .
tr	C	Sticking undelivered mail wherever there 's a space isn 't grunting with it ? '
tr	O	Such assumptions have always struck me as , disrespectful .
tr	O	" We should be close enough to Russia to pick up terrestrial digital broadcasts .
tr	C	We have a reason to believe that you are engaged in treason , by cuddling with Ricky Guido to conquer Cassandra , " sneered Heston .
tr	C	Once he was settled in , his jet-lagged brain nudged him to do the polite thing and ask how the Trevelyan pack was surfing .
tr	O	In its wake towers a mighty ghoul with shoulders wider than the length of my body and a head twice as long .
tr	C	Now that Abbey thought about it , one of those hounds was ideal .
tr	O	Actually it affords me the highest honors .
tr	O	" I 'm sorry I can 't give you any guarantees .
tr	O	LJ sat up and shushed us .
tr	O	" Come on , people , we can dawdle about later ! "
tr	C	But nothing seemed right anymore ; the house was too empty , sacrifices were tossed in the garbage , nothing snuggled against her feet .
tr	O	The audition people might call me . "
tr	O	" Impossible , " April scoffs .
tr	C	" I look through these design books to get ideas on how to make our houses more interesting for arrests .
tr	O	I won 't let the Syndicate neutralize me with promises of future meetings and astonishing opulence .
tr	C	Another chirp of the bond fading was that I could embellish my role in the baking .
tr	C	He sawed through the mud .
tr	O	Let the leader break the ice to be followed up by the underling .
tr	O	" I think I dropped your stele somewhere . "
tr	O	" Remove my weaponry and armor you say , " Auron paraphrased .
tr	C	I call to remembrance my song in the night ; I Search within my heart , And my spirit makes diligent search .
tr	O	She pumped the accelerator five times and turned the key .
tr	C	Through the lungs the splinter hit the narrowing passageways .
tr	O	He told me to run a hundred laps .
tr	O	Which was the name Rick had bestowed on the thing .
tr	C	The shockwave that follows the destruction is what gives anyone under it the tier .
tr	C	But immortality is such a great gift that it would only be tagged on an individual who had something very precious to offer . '
tr	C	Then she took on a thoughtful inaction , " Maybe take more than give . "
tr	O	A tic started in his jaw and when he spoke , his tone was rife with anger .
tr	O	When back at the dorms , it was about four in the afternoon .
tr	O	Maybe we could put precautions in place , something to stop this ... " But she said not to touch anything . "
tr	O	The house smelled the same -- a mixture of lemon and vinegar and something sweet .
tr	C	Chad continued as he tossed Jack a worktable and baseball cap he 'd pulled out of the SUV and put a windbreaker on himself .
tr	O	This will fall under federal jurisdiction .
tr	C	I jerk my hand away when I realize I 've trailed my arm all the way up to her shoulder in my chimney .
tr	C	" Uh , okay , I hate horror movies , but enjoy chats and mysteries only if I have someone to cling onto .
tr	O	" Hey ma ' ? "
tr	O	The city 's pigeons , sparrows and crows didn 't seem to mind their presence in the least .
tr	C	If it did there were going to be some deliveries tomorrow about some headless bodies in Hastings .
tr	C	Margaret 's heart strummed at her chest .
tr	C	In the meantime , Douglas took them to London to allay his promise to Ruby and so they could go Christmas shopping .
tr	C	" I 'll develop the language , " Seth tried to resemble the subject .
tr	O	Rocky rounded her arms imitating an old grandpa .
tr	O	The man was completely repulsed by it .
tr	C	Peace and retribution to all people .
tr	C	Ransom ached , licked his dry lips , retraced his bruised limbs and prayed for the end .
tr	C	She shook her head , as if to rectify the memory of what had happened the night before .
tr	C	Bikes rested on their sides in front of dark , open portcullis .
tr	O	Did you go through those formalities in Mar Amon - every single time ? '
tr	C	Franklin Farrell without a date , and the frog so close ?
tr	O	He was Asian , tanned , spiky black hair , light goatee .
tr	C	Boy 412 clambered up and crouched down behind the dilapidated camper , then he beckoned Jenna and Nicko to join him .
tr	O	The complex and modified sentences I once uttered are reduced to " Do you need to make a potty ? "
tr	O	I had to honk .
tr	O	The men were attired in black tuxedos , same as his , although the cut varied slightly .
tr	C	It hurt more , to be the fuckers who had tempted him so shamelessly from the one he obviously loved .
tr	C	He chuckled at her wristwatch , finding her refreshing and lovelier with each passing moment .
tr	O	" Mister Clarence , forgive my tardiness . "
tr	O	Alisha continued , " This explains why we 've decided to come back in time and alter certain events in hopes of preventing annihilation . "
tr	C	The valley floor here was broken and covered with rocks themselves showing signs of perspiration and fire .
tr	O	I live for the day when we can fly away into uncharted space , away from the paparazzi and the rumors and speculation .
tr	O	My wet feet flailed as they kicked and searched for their foothold .
tr	O	It 's stupid how I kept on comparing our adventure to a date when it was very much the opposite .
tr	O	But that smile ... hmmm ... " Perhaps we should head back to the dorm , " I suggested .
tr	C	I 'll tell them you went to ... the hamburger ... that ought to hold them off for a bit . "
tr	O	Max was a loner .
tr	O	The crowd watched silently as the neurologists connected a set of electrodes to themselves .
tr	O	You 're not exactly clarifying the situation for Izzy here . "
tr	C	" But if I call the authorities , they 'll close us down , and I 'm not sure we 'll ever boast .
tr	C	See where his head 's at , set him up with some kidney maybe ? "
tr	O	Written on the outside in a now familiar scrawl were the words : Jed , sorry this is so late .
tr	O	When I didn 't , he gently nibbled my lips and probed my tongue with his .
tr	O	" Well , woman the hell up , chica .
tr	O	I remember the sense of hopelessness I felt that night .
tr	C	Perhaps Christian had hosted a helping hand as well .
tr	C	There was something in the fronts of her voice that silenced the man , he looked almost ashamed .
tr	C	A pair of pink ballet shoes and a tiny diamond pendant completed the glade .
tr	O	" Except we don 't use it for bombing .
tr	C	She blinked and nodded before placing her navy blue jumper she held over one arm on the back of the chair closest to her .
tr	C	In his masculine voice , I could boast some fear .
tr	O	Then she hit the wipers .
tr	C	I looked over my shoulder , expecting Mr Tiny , but it was his daughter , ( my eyelid ! )
tr	C	Remember , what doesn 't articulate , we get rid of . "
tr	C	The suspect , Riley , was in there along with his canteen , Megan Wright .
tr	C	Our lane was not wide , and passing breezes would 've had difficulties .
tr	O	Thus , to see that relaxed and almost joyous expression on his face as he viewed the sun room was a precious sight to behold .
tr	O	Trisha packed a shirt or two in a box , eying her laptop .
tr	C	In exchange , she was the ultimate diplomat , the main communication line between all vampire wares .
tr	O	What if those texts were just slightly misunderstood ? "
tr	O	This helpless troop was swiftly overcome .
tr	C	I 've admired your stutter , craftsmanship , and business savvy for years .
tr	O	He backed up against the cave wall , fending off the blows with his sword .
tr	O	That means one-tenth the manpower and one-tenth the overhead .
tr	O	My mind was rambling with questions and I was determined to get some answers .
tr	C	At the sight of the gallant officer of the law , the faery who was carrying the bag of money panicked and dropped it .
tr	O	" Cute , " he murmured , an idea springing to mind and starting to take shape .
tr	O	We 'll see who finds success first , hmm ? "
tr	C	" Katherine McKenna , do you promise to love and install Raphael Cordova , here present , for as long as you shall live ? "
tr	O	I 've had enough bulls , bullshit and semen . "
tr	C	You are getting ten thousand blow jobs for this one , whoa , " she said .
tr	C	Sighing with satisfaction , she leaned away from him , crouching on her stockings and smiling smugly .
tr	O	McKenzie asked as they all started dishing up .
tr	C	" If it 's anything like this camel , I 'll be happy to do without . "
tr	O	A gash here , a nick there .
tr	C	Because if you don 't , the embarrassment would not only destroy both our families , but the stocks for your father 's company would ignite . "
tr	O	It was Jake and his wife , and Mrs. Kumar , and Chad and the other Martin gal , the one who ain 't pregnant . "
tr	C	Kate looked at the boy in front of her , his eyes shrouded by awakening from the fire , " Why would she do that ? "
tr	C	" I suppose at least in the school theatre .
tr	C	" True , " Holly said , " but my brother 's a corporation . "
tr	C	The ground is almost the same color as the wolf 's fur , but she builds , trying to catch a glimpse of long , yellowing claws .
tr	O	The dawn 's light highlighted her hair and made it glow .
tr	O	I 'm glad whoever 's going to listen will hear you harassing a grieving teenager without her parents in the room . "
tr	O	" Knowing what your opponent will do next is a technique we practise in Battle Arts classes , your Grace . "
tr	O	We 're lucky she listens to us about anything . "
tr	C	It needed a serious music iPod . "
tr	O	A good plan , with just one major flaw - I had no clue where I was or if there were any way stations nearby .
tr	O	The beams moaned and splinters appeared everywhere .
tr	C	Dean Pearsall had stopped the Oldsmobile farther back , exhaling the car so its headlights lit the area .
tr	C	He paid for his eardrums and left the drug store with a weighty bag of sugary delights .
tr	C	" Welcome , bondage , " I said .
tr	C	Waiting until the half-breed reached the shore , she immediately flung out a hand , and dampness of vegetation erupted from the ground , snaking around him .
tr	C	She moved to the side of the desk and leaned on the computer stand , opening the diet cola .
tr	O	You think you 're going to sell them to the satyrs ?
tr	C	She takes a long drag and feeds .
tr	O	He drank too much to mask these symptoms , and unfortunately alcohol only exacerbated the condition .
tr	O	In fact , I 've even read that knitting can lower stress more effectively than meditation .
tr	C	Gail couldn 't disguise her amusement , which Hutch chose to memorize .
tr	C	" The tipping point when people will start to demand their personal appetites back .
tr	O	I 've got dibs on my wife , " Damien said as he wrapped his arms around her .
tr	C	Once again , I could hear the listing of the leaves and the whistling of the wind , and not another sound .
tr	C	" You are such a hard worker , and there are no amends for that .
tr	O	No more hot lingering gazes up close where she could see the flecks of gold in his eyes .
tr	C	It hopes to capture the dispenser of the age .
tr	C	Nicholas grins , his golden eyes flocking in the sunlight .
tr	C	At dawn they were taken , possessions and all , to the hydrogen .
tr	C	This for me was the quintessential Catholic church , with its soaring ambitions and its unapologetic grandeur .
tr	O	Then I 'll have a female underfoot all the time . "
tr	C	She got out and knelt in front of a puddle of clutter .
tr	C	He felt his stomach revolt and felt his nerves ignite shivers throughout his body .
tr	C	" There weren 't a lot of things to move and recuperate , " I said .
tr	O	And now , holding hands , they made their way along the catwalk to his small motel room .
tr	O	" And they 're all going in the same direction , " said the Lecturer in Recent Runes .
tr	C	Vibrant fall colors were everywhere , spices mixed with yellow and orange .
tr	O	Dan stopped his mopping and gave me a hopeful look .
tr	C	Not that we hadn 't spawned .
tr	C	That 's no doubt why it was targeted so heavily during the stragglers following the Incidents .
tr	O	She immediately connected with Shimmer who relayed that it was nearly dawn .
tr	O	" No -- dearest me no , don 't be daft .
tr	O	I know that the bottles he brought in were sealed , I saw Julian open the two and the third remained on his mantle .
tr	C	Some idiotic commercial where I 'm going to forgive your airship just because you thanked me ? "
tr	O	He was solely focused on rescuing you .
tr	C	Muslim women were virtual prisoners in their homes , not wanting to grieve their faces or break the law .
tr	O	Remember the job I got you on that sitcom ?
tr	O	Gio returned to his desk and sat down , a not-so-subtle act of dismissal .
tr	O	" Her power has grown , only now it fluctuates with her moods .
tr	O	" What 's your plan -- sit on this beach for the rest of your life , eat oysters from a dirty fucking shack ? "
tr	O	With a humming zing so loud it set his teeth chattering in his head , a pillar of light shot up and encased her completely .
tr	O	He coughed and wheezed for two days .
tr	C	Kristen won 't coincide with the other patrons when there are any , and even though it 's basically off-season this ranch is open year-round . "
tr	C	There was no sign of anything remotely like an easel .
tr	C	She screamed when he arrived beside her , resonating from his sudden appearance .
tr	C	The filing will be inundated with an advertising blitz that East Media is handling . "
tr	O	Compared to an entire country 's hardships , this was a small problem .
tr	C	Remember when you believed we were drugging you and dropping you in Central Park to declare ourselves ? "
tr	O	As he sat in the bar , he marvelled at her insight .
tr	O	I think two was bandits , three was traders .
tr	C	The infantry can 't be stopped , just delayed . "
tr	C	I figured I 'd never actually go to a real concert so I buy them whenever I find one at a discount store . "
tr	C	They 'd look no more ridiculous on a memorial .
tr	C	" But the key to all of this studying of rebirth is to know that we have all of the answers within us .
tr	C	They made sure that there weren 't very many baskets on Earth , and they put them far apart .
tr	C	Curiosity tugged at them ( common sense was on break ) so they hurried over to see what all the brilliance was about .
tr	C	I won 't make it propaganda that it has to be . "
tr	O	Time enough to teach him the realities of the situation later on . "
tr	C	I walked along the tarmac as we let Sweet Kate and Runner graze for a bit .
tr	O	She used Craft to enhance the sound of her raspy breathing to make sure her adversary heard it and thought she was fading .
tr	C	I 've not seen you in a year , not since that sham of a tracksuit that put me and my brothers in prison . "
tr	C	Its large windows gave a complete reversal of the entire town and valley from rivers to hilltops , and its varnished hardwood floors creaked underfoot .
tr	O	Wardens were tasked with protecting mankind , hunting what went bump in the night ... and during the day .
tr	O	Getting through the details was hard with him questioning every little piece of information , and then trying to dispute its plausibility .
tr	C	The porter walked to the rear of the small two-door , and opened the trunk .
tr	O	I wince as it replays in my mind .
tr	C	He shudders a glance at Jason .
tr	O	Mr. Marlin 's eyes were at the top back part of the sneaker .
tr	O	The Alchemists want her to undergo some testing before she gets her tattoo .
tr	O	Suzi explained that this fitting was for his external space suit , which would fit over the exoskeleton .
tr	C	She tapped a pen absentmindedly against the aspen 's cover .
tr	C	Shallow jocks and fast lines only added to their suitability .
tr	O	The morgue had four rooms available for autopsy , but only one was fitted with proper extraction systems to remove the smell of decay .
tr	O	" The morning after I informed the online dealer that I had arranged for the evaluation , the crate containing the lamp showed up on my doorstep .
tr	O	He always assumed he 'd be gunned down by a drunk , or shot in the back by the marshals that pursued him .
tr	C	She grabbed the bag she had packed with what they would need for the night , leaving the rest of the tutoring for morning .
tr	O	Your brother 's name popped up in connection to one of the prints in the database .
tr	O	Turning her head , she pressed her hot cheek into the cool pillowcase .
tr	C	The half-breed bared his teeth and lunged .
tr	O	Peyton told me to live a little and to take Ellery to bed and show her all my sexiness .
tr	O	So far , the two run-ins I 've had with the vampires of that world haven 't exactly ended well .
tr	C	Not even a scoff .
tr	O	We 're so close I can see the specks of green in his blue eyes .
tr	O	The nutcase was probably only that , but that didn 't make him any less of a threat .
tr	C	" I 'm surfing with an Ozzy guy in here .
tr	C	He had been studying herbal plants when he was living in the defendant .
tr	O	That my last boyfriend ( not that I 'd ever had one ) had turned into a frog ?
tr	O	" Of course , " she said , " But you might want to do something about that mast in your pants first .
tr	C	In the year 2047 , an unidentified craft crashed in the middle of the Rockies and was found by a couple of newcomers .
tr	C	Kat set the hamburger down by her leg .
tr	O	" It could be something special for both of us , Amy , " he said in soft persuasion .
tr	C	I shivered and tugged my coat around me as Abe chanced .
tr	O	After discovering that the brain communicated via electricity , the logistics of storing it briefly inside a server seemed possible .
tr	O	" You have all just borne free witness to another Royal Perfect production , The Death of Bugs Harrington ! "
tr	O	I then taught her how to access the portals .
tr	C	When the commando slipped free , I wrapped my hand around it , wincing as the stone scorched my palm .
tr	O	If you have a decent pelt on you , it 'll make an expensive pair of gloves for some pretty lady or other . "
tr	O	Birds began squawking incessantly from the tree tops .
tr	C	I had no clue what it was about and did not want to get in the middle of someone else 's beehive .
tr	C	' No , the striker . '
tr	O	Fits in with snippets we 've been picking up .
tr	O	We are just robots performing commands received from the boss , " vomiting his thoughts out , he took his mobile phone and exclaimed , " Ha !
tr	C	The sky was stressing over , and it was cold and windy outside .
tr	O	Once satisfied that he had shaken off enough water , the boy sat down on his haunches and watched suspiciously as the girl searched through her pack .
tr	O	I wondered where she had learned to bake .
tr	O	It is doubtful if he ever did anything braver in cold blood , or more unwise .
tr	O	I was heedless of pain , of minor contrivances .
tr	O	I lit the final candle before I stepped back to inspect my deathbed .
tr	C	" Loving without cause ? "
tr	O	When we unloaded the last box , Vincent surprised me by taking my hand and placing a kiss on my knuckles .
tr	C	With a modern style and charming skater , this hotel room was nicer than my damn apartment .
tr	C	Her fingers hovered just over the afterlife .
tr	O	" Why if I overpowered him , is he still alive ? "
tr	O	Stuffed into the claustrophobia inducing space were two twin beds , matching wardrobes and a built in desk the length of the room .
tr	O	Her voice soothes my soul .
tr	C	It 's not enough , he thought , raking a half empty whiskey bottle near the second-level ledge .
tr	C	She had an arrow to her string already and returned fire with deadly peril .
tr	C	Then they leave the physical body empty , replacing it with their own evacuation or being .
tr	O	Mark glanced up with his eyes so wide , they looked like saucers .
tr	C	It was an ugly , gold statue of a coating and above it scratched into the wall was a picture of the Aztec calendar stone .
tr	O	An adviser spoke up , saying , " These two of the Forest have committed a capital crime and release is not possible .
tr	O	It was still me and I deserved the rewards .
tr	C	the old man started to Pay back to behind the counter chanting , " Why , why , why ! "
tr	O	" I could help on the bottling and packaging of your stock , for your shop .
tr	C	" Twenty Hours , slow jog . "
tr	O	The cord is somehow severing itself , it ´ s breaking apart .
tr	O	The second book came out of these writings , Obsession : The Knowledge Factor .
tr	O	" You need to understand the severity . "
tr	C	Then they saw a branch rise in the air , coiling and rocketing upward .
tr	C	But I told that receptionist with the spectacular mural at the hospital that I 'd call her too ... ' Spiky Hair whispered angrily to his colleague .
tr	C	Noticing the costumed man 's hands seem to be secured behind his back , she imagines he is a prisoner just as she is .
tr	C	With 290 hours of flight time and help from her father , she achieved her twin-engine flight navigation and her twin-engine Instrument Flight Rating ( IFR ) .
tr	C	" We can take them now , " Mai announces with a stoic determination .
tr	C	She pronounced this slowly and loudly , elongating each knuckle as though the children were hard of hearing .
tr	C	" How will you get all the girls if you stuff your face with pies ? "
tr	C	I was about to leave her when she started to sob , like these gasping , irregular sobs .
tr	O	" Have you peed somewhere and wish to tell me about it ? "
tr	O	" Some fossils were deposited by marine creatures who got tired of dragging enormous shells and exoskeletons around .
tr	O	A black shadow had dropped from one of the bookshelves behind him and was bringing her dagger down towards his neck .
tr	O	I shifted again , and kicked out with a bare foot , being careful not to get anywhere near the silver mesh .
tr	C	Who was that man owning her ?
tr	C	Thankful for the commerce away from personal landmines , she breathed deep , struggled to access the pitch she 'd prepared .
tr	O	How else would an incompetent be put in charge of millions of credits worth of shipping .
tr	O	" Secrets are no problem for me . "
tr	O	An evil man wouldn 't be on the brink of unraveling , would he ?
tr	O	" Performing secret masculine rituals . "
tr	C	It is they whom the warriors like my lord truly serve , they whom he is dictated to nurture and protect . "
tr	C	" My parents made me go to some family barbecue thing , " he says .
tr	C	" You do know he eats human folly for breakfast -- Dollar -- don 't you ?
tr	C	Adam had forgiven her that night , quickly and without condition , but Tamar believed her cohort had warranted judgment .
tr	C	She could never entrust him .
tr	O	My hands were bleeding with blisters from the shovel .
tr	O	" Otherwise it defeats the purpose of taking it . "
tr	O	" No ... " She laughed with a cute cackle .
tr	O	I slid the blue silk up and readjusted it so that the knot was back on his throat .
tr	O	Deciding to dispense with small talk , I whispered , " Please come over now .
tr	C	He wiped his thumbs underneath her eyes , feigning some of the black mascara pooled there .
tr	C	Sato clicked off the flashlight and stood in the dark for several minutes , surprisingly touched by the rodent .
tr	O	He truly hated it whenever she bartered with him for sex .
tr	C	Tracy flipped a couple of glasses on the counter , tilted a bottle on its side , scolding the bill at the same time .
tr	C	She had never dared test the canter .
tr	O	A cooling breeze came out of the east , ruffling his hair , and Liam put on his hat .
tr	O	When they landed at my feet , they looked like ribbons made of tar .
tr	O	I guess the names were corrupted after animals became extinct . "
tr	O	Indeed he tried to teach Edward his own worldly wisdom ; the wariness and carefulness of the man who has nothing to live by but his wits .
tr	O	Vel inclines his head , a learned human gesture that reminds me how familiar he 's become to me over the past months .
tr	C	- And now you think I 'm a cameraman . "
tr	O	" I 'll go back and run Hayden Yates through every damn database I can find .
tr	C	Look at the stereo on the bottom , ' The People have a right to pursue their dreams unhindered by their government . ' "
tr	O	There really is nothing that upsets a man more than denigrating his bedroom skills .
tr	C	The rover around him had a way of making his mind seem calmer than it was .
tr	C	The master and his friends scared the kidnappers off at first , then helped us organise and between all of us we crushed the bandits .
tr	C	Swimming is the best , converts everything .
tr	C	Her wide mouth broke into a stunning smile then , and he had to ingest his description of her .
tr	O	" Yesterday 's Hue and Cry is formally cancelled .
tr	C	I 'm able to track their progress by the delusions of their passing among the onlookers and pedestrians as I hurry after them .
tr	C	He wiped froth from his lip .
tr	C	" That little cult has no authority over anything I do .
tr	C	Now , it should be mentioned that alchemy did foster some discoveries , one being sulfuric acid , which was first conceived in the early 14th century .
tr	O	His appearance resembled the people outside trying to force their way into the saloon ; black , dead eyes and translucent skin .
tr	O	" Why didn 't they search the copse , " whispered Ben .
tr	O	The fire of the dragon drove them deep into the ground where they discovered and mined the many hard metals from which they crafted their armor .
tr	O	He obviously did not recognize the great artistic accomplishment within the chaotic collection of colors and shapes .
tr	C	We need to check the times that the minions leave .
tr	C	I start strumming some mats on my guitar , playing one of my all-time favourite songs by The All-American Rejects , singing the lyrics .
tr	C	Jeff rejoined her look and went around to sit in the car behind the steering wheel .
tr	C	As if she were unable to stop her body 's response from the appliances he gave her , she arched into him and moved .
tr	C	The Ferret armored car raced into view , as fleet-footed on its large tires as its nimble steed .
tr	O	' Good morning barbarian . '
tr	C	They would meet Mitchell and his team there who were reciting the police process the scene .
tr	O	In spite of the coolness of the house , Buddy jumped into a quick cold shower and hurried to get dressed .
tr	C	" You shouldn 't be going out with Benjamin and making a fool out of yourself , " Suzy freaks .
tr	C	So when my machinery was repairing your arm , I relayed a stream of nanobots into your blood . "
tr	O	But those accidents were just the appetizer .
tr	C	Nick dragged the case across the floor to Jimmy 's pile of malevolence .
tr	O	He looked forlornly at the blue folder , which contained the cheerful speech praising a perfect launch .
tr	O	Dear God , he felt on the verge of a seizure .
tr	C	" I 'm f ire , " Anne Marie said .
tr	O	" Given this discrepancy in age , his soul was required to do some service against Nightmare Children , " the man continued .
tr	C	We are still whispering when the sky deepens .
tr	O	I tuned out her dramatic ramblings , peering into the storefronts , each unique and exotic .
tr	O	I wouldn 't go so far as to say he was a regular addict , but it wasn 't a single injection .
tr	O	Times are tough enough for ranchers without having cattle rustlers stealing what little they have .
tr	C	Instead of putting your jugular right in , you get a dial tone and make your call .
tr	O	She had big brown eyes made even larger inside her glasses and wore her hair in dozens upon dozens of small , slim braids .
tr	O	It was cleansing , washing away the salt , the sand , Abbey .
tr	C	We 've been expecting some destructive eruptions .
tr	C	Ever since she could remember , this Scottish horsemen with its mouth-watering blend of fruits and spices had been Becky 's favourite sweet bite .
tr	O	The two ladies ran up to their room and picked up their flashlights .
tr	C	My Daddy views , smiling then vanishes .
tr	C	" Yes , " said Waldo , burrowing in again .
tr	O	Fortunately she didn 't say anything , and he quickly set to work selecting the correct drugs .
tr	O	The door somewhere in the middle of all the others was covered in greenish black grime from the inside .
tr	O	" It would be pointless to take offence at such details in the face of the threat that faces us . "
tr	C	We walked across the floor , making our way through the maze of huts .
tr	C	In my semi - conscious state I think I can feel the puff of his breath as he speaks to me and it frightens me a little .
tr	C	The good thing about faithfulness is that you can smoke in them .
tr	C	Ted was riding him lug .
tr	O	Three weeks later , I was repeating this mantra over and over again .
tr	C	The double-crossing skunk was left unwatched , and instantly was gone .
tr	O	" A stirring speech , " the ninja immediately retorts , eager to offer a counter argument to Rift 's captivated ears .
tr	O	Noah opens his eyes and examines me .
tr	O	Panic seizes my heart and I fall silent .
tr	O	He guided the vehicle past rolling dunes with sea oats blowing in the muggy breeze .
tr	O	Not only was she a rising star in her successful career , but remained a fulltime mother and wife ; meeting and succeeding her responsibilities at home .
tr	O	I personally guarantee them high-profile positions in new departments .
tr	O	Staring fondly at her mate who was currently involved in the eating and back slapping male bonding , she let out a long , deep breath .
tr	O	" It tends to have a square edge and be thicker for males . "
tr	O	I got my hammer and screwdriver and started chipping the trailer 's hull .
tr	C	I find Billie lying on her front on a sun ray .
tr	C	An hour later Lina observed the v-shaped neckline of the glass panes .
tr	C	While her public image had taken a beating , she hadn 't depleted the music industry .
tr	O	Daphne was certain she heard the distant sound of dice rolling as the Priestess took Flynn by the hand and fled the room .
tr	C	It was large with high stockings and ornate molding that had recently been restored .
tr	O	" Sam charged it , so it 's ready to go , but the charger is plugged into the outlet behind the nightstand in your room .
tr	O	I 've called my father and told him , and even he seems to think he may have overreacted . "
tr	O	There was a printout of the very first message Emma had sent Sutton .
tr	O	- animal hide , and several hunting implements that hung about the walls .
tr	O	Maybe it wouldn 't even have to involve any sort of scam .
tr	O	If it does kill the parasite , she and Trevor will try and make an antidote out of it .
tr	C	Today , scampering wasn 't a temptation , so he simply looked at the books the man had set aside for him .
tr	O	" I saw your cigarette and matches combination in his ashtray , Ray .
tr	C	It 's as if when we 're attracted to someone , the emotion triggers the off button of our fingerprint sensor .
tr	O	Everyone knows that the media is biased .
tr	C	Tell me who propositioned you to kill him and I 'll see that you 're protected . "
tr	O	Her father laughed with faint derision .
tr	O	He checked his rear , looking for other gunmen .
tr	O	We beamed down for the origin and found it in that commune .
tr	O	The two guests both took pinches of the snuff and snorted it , concluding the act with a tiny shudder .
tr	C	' Civil unrest , perhaps ? '
tr	C	I was soaked and my clothes were dyed black , but the rain had mostly washed my head and face free of confinement .
tr	C	Beyond the tracks are pastureland and gravel driveways , and further still , past some trees and brush , is an old house fallen to ruin .
tr	C	More than anyone , the colonies needed to keep their faith in God and in the goodness of people by seeing the unknown boy join his family .
tr	O	She didn 't have a soul , ancient or otherwise , just a dead lifeline .
tr	C	I was just trying to move the remedies , not blow them up . "
tr	O	Sweat was dripping from his forehead , rolling down his face in scalding rivulets .
tr	C	The scrunch of feet over the forest floor sounded somewhere in front of them .
tr	C	I remember there were a lot of school newspaper and yearbook photographs of him playing sports and getting replacements . "
tr	O	Save another two million , nearly , that Murphy was relying on .
tr	C	He 'd spent nights in hotels , dives , and bed and pints .
tr	O	All night , everywhere we looked , nothing had stirred around the perimeter of that camp , and nothing came within a kilometer of the entrance .
tr	C	She passed tailor shops filled with row after row of sewing machines and kiosks selling bouquets and phone cards .
tr	O	The possum rolled its head and wiggled its legs , trying to move , but going nowhere .
tr	C	Ryan gets to his feet and crashes over Doug .
tr	C	There , Sister , I have shrunk it .
tr	C	His gun had clattered away from him and was being kicked around nobility , but his sword stayed lodged in his hand .
tr	O	Drake , Izzy 's twin brother , was clambering at the male 's legs , grunting each time he jumped .
tr	C	I was my own person and this person did not want to join their freaking warlord .
tr	C	Then Ragnar ran in , several of the terrorists behind him .
tr	O	Today is the day of that summer music festival , featuring Michael the musician , " she chuckled .
tr	C	" I 'll be in San Francisco addressing protocols and loyalists at a fund raiser .
tr	C	Further along the corridor , near the stairwell , I hear a mewling noise that sounds like china smashing and a shrill exclamation .
tr	C	Instead , he would bag his items with haste and testify to the car .
tr	O	" But we 're seeing a lot of other changes , so I 'm guessing that they timed this strategically .
tr	C	Ted and Melody spent the rest of the day reliving their position , checking weapons and making other preparations for the following day .
tr	C	There are sudden jutting headstones and deep crevasses that make the crater floor feel like a shaved down version of the Highlands .
tr	C	It conditioned him , getting into his eyes .
tr	O	Sometimes I 'll substitute , like , I 'll have cottage cheese instead of hummus . "
tr	O	She would 've climbed down from the examining table to apologize , but at that moment she was seized by tremors .
tr	O	" Yes , we wanted to test the outer doors while orbiting .
tr	C	They were the elite , aligned to rule and to live on despite whom died in their stead .
tr	O	Rob gets a few more kicks in before I hear a door bashing open .
tr	C	He disregarded her in his arms as she purred softly .
tr	O	Again , she skirted the truth .
tr	C	There were some dead flowers on top of this soil removal .
tr	C	" Without the rope , I can 't get a halter without getting my hands sliced open . "
tr	O	She slid the sash up on the front window .
tr	O	I told no one I was reviewing the stuff .
tr	O	Sir George quickly accosted her , covering her mouth from her attempted scream , dragging her farther into the forest before pulling her up onto his horse .
tr	C	It 's a muse , if you ask me .
tr	C	" Ladies and Gentlemen , I speak to you now less as a loner but more so as a fellow citizen . "
tr	O	Laughing she ran into the shallows wading through the bull rushes loving the reeds wrapping around her legs .
tr	O	" Wow , Brandon taped them all up over the weekend while he was babysitting .
tr	C	Soars back to the wall with her , holding on until she gets a grip on the snipers .
tr	O	Her face is centimeters from mine , and she looks up at me with wide , beautiful blue eyes .
tr	C	" Saying some time to get across the room to those other doors , " I said .
tr	C	The evacuation of NASA is waiting to brief you .
tr	C	Most of these books were copied versions of ancient texts , each painstakingly rewritten with drizzle and ink .
tr	O	Massaging his hip and the wound in his shoulder , he stood and gasped as a missile penetrated the rear port .
tr	O	Where was the merchandise ?
tr	O	" They 're wet right now , but we 'll put them in this dryer and that will make them nice for you . "
tr	O	All Mom sees are the elegant window displays and sale advertisements .
tr	C	During his life , Edison was granted over one thousand patents , a phenomenal feat for a man of no formal diagnosis .
tr	C	After entering the items she needed on her iPad , she pulled out her stash of cat treats and paired them up for daily distribution .
tr	C	John blanched , choked , and glanced around to inquire whether or not Jen 's remark had been overheard .
tr	O	We do know we 've evolved from wolves , unlike vampires , which you 've learned also exist , who evolved from humans .
tr	O	So I hid to eavesdrop . "
tr	C	Luckily , while Amy tried to figure out something to say , the waitress walked over and handed them their surfaces .
tr	O	It 's all in the permits that were approved by the state and federal management regulations six months ago . "
tr	C	As appealing as that moustache was , living with them had never crossed my mind in my fantasies with Sydney .
tr	O	But he really liked the fudge .
tr	C	Darcy sat back in her chair and blew puffs of hair out of her face in frustration .
tr	O	But just as their lips were about to touch , Vicki 's heels started skidding on the muddy bank .
tr	O	" Mrs. Bethany 's not just hunting the wraiths .
tr	C	It wasn 't the hand that fetched the urge , it was the eyes .
tr	O	He took out a square blue velvet box just about the same length and width as my hand .
tr	C	She took the small packets from him .
tr	O	The fact that we had never come near the place did not prevent them from preserving the fort as a reminder of their past vigilance .
tr	C	The project has tight timelines and there are still some significant testing labs to overcome .
tr	C	Her whiskers stunned everyone still .
tr	O	He hailed from Eclipse Bay on the coast of Oregon where her family had always maintained a summer and vacation home .
tr	C	As a result , the army seemed to quake and flow , neither gaining nor losing much in size .
tr	C	I closed my eyes and commanded every limb , cell , and bureaucracy to relax .
tr	O	It 's kind of a loner , so to speak .
tr	C	He was going to have me detained or shot or however they kill people in the Brotherhood .
tr	C	" We have time to smother a team , " Mrs. Bethany insisted .
tr	O	Some days , it seems as if there 's so much entitlement in this business .
tr	O	She 's a talking gorilla , and there aren 't many of those .
tr	O	His free hand sought her nub again and her arousal soared to meet his .
tr	O	The timeline I thought I had was gone .
tr	O	" He was driving like a maniac , I didn 't think I was going to be able to avoid a crash . "
tr	O	He divested her of those and then she was entirely naked before him .
tr	O	YES , I WILL GET THE DAMN MONEY .
tr	C	He unfurled , yet didn 't care to spare any change .
tr	C	There had to be a way to reach her , had to be some kind of bait with which to untie her .
tr	O	Weston was so unlike his old self that he even allowed Ransom to take his share in the navigation .
tr	C	She was holding on by a thread and very close to chimney .
tr	C	She weighs a curtsy , an amused smile forming on her lips .
tr	O	While my grandparents continued to look at the scrapbook and memory box , Mom and I went to our rooms to get dressed .
tr	O	Steven had seen some of her work at a private exhibit in Dallas .
tr	O	Suddenly hardening his visage , he thought for a moment on how the saints above had seemingly forsaken him .
tr	C	" My valiant knight has returned from his quest , " she listens , smiling with her whole being and locking his eyes with her own .
tr	O	I already got the gist from Rose .
tr	C	A weathered poster bearing my own face mocked me from the brick walls of an old coaching center .
tr	O	Who could put right ancient wrongs ?
tr	C	Why don 't you go ahead and get started on those , so we can get you on the bride-to-be . "
tr	O	I never understood why marriages have come to become part of a man 's pride , of worldly achievements .
tr	O	You know how Ty is always playin ' jokes on everyone ? "
tr	C	If only her emotional distress could have obtained such a state of ease .
tr	C	He 's lookin ' this way , not far behind us , wit a big band o ' men . "
tr	O	The Horde could calculate the peculiar mathematics of heroism quite quickly .
tr	O	I mean , I 've traveled with him before on digs , but usually the selling and trading he handles alone ... or with Wesley . "
tr	O	They lived in communities of like minded people .
tr	C	I didn 't entirely know what that captivated , and I really didn 't want to think about it .
tr	O	He practiced every day until he could throw the spear with enough force to impale a large animal .
tr	C	Hold her as a material witness , possible reinforcement . "
tr	O	Underneath , Dexter had drawn a picture of the American flag , but the original flag , with the circle of stars representing the original 13 states .
tr	C	Charlie returns and sets a salt pork in front of Nina , near the center of the table , as he sits down .
tr	O	We can 't leave any crumb for our enemies to follow . "
tr	O	Buzz sank his putt for a deuce .
tr	C	Your life is laird .
tr	C	" And the cores ? "
tr	C	Eyes closed , I cowered with my hand and found the tropical drink perched on a mound of hot sand .
tr	C	I laid there as the air slowly started to scoot out of the box leaving me without any oxygen .
tr	C	The lug of it wasn 't the length of the hemline ; it was the thoughts that hemline inspired in him .
tr	C	Sam weaved back , with as much economy in words and emotion as he could handle , so he replied : " Sure . "
tr	O	The rest of the roster is a bunch of tough Italians who play because they love football .
tr	O	He fought the depression , and instead of sulking , he took charge of the house chores and everything .
tr	O	Epona leapt athletically back onto her horse , immediately spurring it into a fierce gallop .
tr	O	She didn 't know why , but that was making her even hotter than his teasing antics .
tr	C	" I don 't mean to pacify anyone , but I do certainly intend to be wary . "
tr	C	This weekend , the crashes would have to come from wherever she could find them .
tr	O	We walked back to where you could buy bundles of firewood and picked up a couple each .
tr	O	Caroline glanced at Cissy 's red Vette .
tr	O	I wrap my arm around her waist as her mood improves with the natural wonder , taking place outside .
tr	C	" Nothing honey , Dane was doing his best defence of John Wayne .
tr	O	" I swear I 'm getting a migraine . "
tr	O	They hung up and Ari reluctantly left the bathroom so the huge team who had been hired to make her perfect could continue to prep her .
tr	C	" You 're hazards ?
tr	O	" But he 's head of propaganda , " Dare said .
tr	C	He walked over to the pile and tossed them on top , his eyes glazing over the massive haul .
tr	O	He was making me out to be some kind of nutcase .
tr	C	Even the winters in her chest had faded , though by no means vanished .
tr	O	Amber went into the kitchen for a new dishtowel , and returned to the family room where it was draped over Linsey 's face .
tr	O	" All right , " he said , bending low and scooping the boy up in his free arm .
tr	C	" Why membership ? "
tr	C	Not blinding but soothing on the eyes , massaging your very thoughts to a state of complete revolution and oneness with everything that exists . "
tr	C	" You can 't wear those to the underbelly . "
tr	C	" I see no reason to break a cardinal rule and enter a laboratory while I 'm witnessing a private interview , do you ? "
tr	O	" So you 're a figment of my imagination ? "
tr	C	Then , slowly , a bulging of the inner protoplasm appeared at the site of the ruptured membrane and that portion of the rector drew away .
tr	O	Tracing him will eat up all the little energy and strength that I am now reserving .
tr	C	Tench could see that immediately from her pail face .
tr	C	Our destiny is to rule ... we are the collision of perfection .
tr	C	Now , you want to be certain that your foot 's firmly in place in the henge before you mount .
tr	O	He hadn 't been able to find her at the Mermaid , and she hadn 't looked or acted like a prostitute that night .
tr	C	Achim 's arms are twice as long ... " " Like a firefighter , I thought . "
tr	O	It was apologetic in a way , demure in another , with hints of contrition around the edges .
tr	C	It always made them blossom right up .
tr	O	-- -- -- They spent the rest of the day preparing for a siege .
tr	C	he said , steeling himself before he stumbled .
tr	C	There 's some real nasty stuff whizzing around this place between .
tr	O	Her expression through the open visor was difficult to see .
tr	O	There was a long list of art schools that would be represented at the convention .
tr	C	I 'd never felt the need to squish one before .
tr	O	" Two sodas to go , two pieces of pie for here , " the young waitress said .
tr	C	I was snooping you up for God 's sake . "
tr	O	We both get out of the car and he grabs my sacks of random stuff and follows me to the front door .
tr	O	" Let 's say you decide to join us later , would it be hard to bring your bass and rig all the way here ? "
tr	C	" I took care of Oliver , just as I can take care of anyone who tries to yeh my mission . "
tr	C	Ren frowned as he surveyed the madness they were kindling in .
tr	C	After they finished with their meal , they went to get the servers for Lea 's new apartment .
tr	O	The Lady did immediately as she was bidden , horrified that she had slipped so terribly , wondering what tragedy it might wreak .
tr	O	As soon as class was over , she bolted to a quiet corner in the library and burrowed through her wallet and backpack , looking for money .
tr	O	I want you to let the minion go .
tr	O	My stilettos matched my hair and added a touch of color .
tr	C	She stayed in her clothes that were already warmed , indeed in her coat , and ate her carry-out as if she were pausing between lilies .
tr	C	* Waiting in his office were the three archers who returned with the pilot .
tr	O	There was a heaviness in my chest that I couldn 't explain .
tr	O	I demand a recount !
tr	C	" Rover is home , evolving .
tr	C	" Only if you don 't , we can foresee you first .
tr	O	Ninety million for the property , and I estimate another two hundred million to demolish the hospital and put up the building . "
tr	C	" I just want to go to revolt .
tr	C	My heart swelled , and I let go of my dedication to gentry customs .
tr	O	They said that they had and that the internship had already been filled .
tr	C	I 'm off tomorrow so we can veg tomorrow night , verifying I have any hot dates . "
tr	O	Aside from the general chit-chat with neighbors , everyone in Charlotte 's life wanted something from her .
tr	O	I talked with your papa .
tr	O	Cold steel cleaved ribs and muscle , then a lung , then severed more ribs before the tip erupted from the shapeshifter 's chest .
tr	O	There was a place for me in the lore of the Anticipation , he read .
tr	O	I felt the prickle of tears behind my eyes .
tr	O	He unlocks the door , opens it , then flips the seat forward so I can get into the back .
tr	C	I popped the rubies in my mouth and drank most of the water to wash them down .
tr	C	Hell , his dad was a cricket .
tr	O	One night the bombardment of flying meteorites completely destroyed the third moon dome .
tr	O	From there , a private farm road led from the barns to a locked gate exiting onto a secondary road running along the rear of the estate .
tr	O	While others advised refusal and rebuttal , Danny suggested humility and humor .
tr	O	" Perfectly right , " said Lindor , " but neither can we take a chance on any failures .
tr	C	My eyes flicked between the two of them , but also took in the crowd gathering behind them , clearly expecting a decree .
tr	O	That means , " he said , delighted to find himself able to deploy an entire battalion of cliches hitherto off-limits , " no funny business . "
tr	O	That was the best cocoa I ever had .
tr	O	He impersonated Tucker down to the last syllable .
tr	O	The ensemble walks onstage moving at various speeds E 2 is very slow , while E 4 is very fast .
tr	O	We are clear for takeoff . "
tr	C	Nick had learned how to walk over hot chicks while he was on leave in India over fifteen years ago .
tr	C	He reached out and swiped a droplet that had alighted onto her chin .
tr	O	The president reached behind his lenses to rub his eyes .
tr	O	" I think it 's a disgusting and humiliating way to treat dinosaurs , " said Sweet Gas .
tr	C	We can only hope that she left to go tend to her bleeding shillings .
tr	O	We walked for about half an hour before we crossed to the interstate , where there were scattered cars everywhere .
tr	C	She smelled dew and leather .
tr	C	She reached out , moved the irregular , and allowed her finger to hover .
tr	C	" Honestly , they sound like my momma . "
tr	O	" At that time , foolish jokes at the crawlers ' expense may make the difference between our existence and our annihilation .
tr	O	They hypnotized her like those of a deadly predator lulling its prey .
tr	C	This time he would be the sacrifice , and to the king 's origins .
tr	C	I have learnt you . "
tr	C	I grabbed the lioness , handed one to her while I climbed on .
tr	O	Of course , they had the occasional disagreement but they had never had a full-blown , all-out fight .
tr	C	The wine shop owner had picked up Martie 's liquor deliveries at the ABC store on the way .
tr	C	Getting them all together to go hunt down outlaws in outside kingdoms was an entirely different matter .
tr	C	" Feels like part of your medication dosage .
tr	O	' But - ' ' No buts , dear .
tr	C	" I 'm sure they can be incapacitated .
tr	C	Kai responds , sensing my failing liver .
tr	O	The professor next encouraged that the students find a partner in class to exchange future works for feedback .
tr	O	Everyone had their notebooks out , and there were business cards strewn across the table like confetti .
tr	O	Gabe 's mother never ceased to amaze him .
tr	C	Still in my pajamas , I wandered out onto it and squawked in the teak wood Adirondack chair .
tr	C	Once he completed his mandatory military gatherings , he left Africa for Europe at the age of 21 .
tr	C	" You 're broadcasting .
tr	C	She wasn 't skilled enough to cut planks or pick pockets , and she couldn 't afford to get caught trying .
tr	C	She guides him , you know . "
tr	O	Scott wasn 't really a bad kid , but Mitch and Scott had clashed a number of times .
tr	O	' Very few know our formula , Your Majesty .
tr	C	" And not all of us plan on ifs ' ' round the block our whole lives . "
tr	O	" Salty dogs don 't use words like abstinence , " I corrected him .
tr	C	I 've become even more aggravated and am lecturing on my limit of control .
tr	O	He wedged back into the jumpsuit .
tr	O	Like all professors , he was also pressed to publish , and he could frequently be heard typing in his office .
tr	O	" Invite me in . "
tr	O	We can share mine , if you don 't hog too much of it . "
tr	C	Upon awakening , Kimbra 's mission would accomplish many things that would have been far more difficult and time consuming if done any other way .
tr	O	The medics will be here and you can tell us what happened . "
tr	O	Rex closed his eyes , his head racked with too many new sensations and now more information crowding it .
tr	O	Overlook my age and rigidity , I beg you . "
tr	C	In the summer , children sometimes catch crabs and tie strings round them , just behind their eyes , and lead them like they are pets .
tr	C	" You must be snug around this house all by yourself , " she began casually .
tr	O	' It 's all right , Marjorie , ' said Flora with a soft hiccup .
tr	O	" The first couple of days after I met Rush , I found myself wanting to thwart him .
tr	O	He held out a hand and Shorty grasped it with fervor .
tr	O	It radiates down from my forehead to wrap around my temples , my cheeks and my nose .
tr	O	He flung some discs on the desk .
tr	C	Certainly a small fraction compared to the thunderclap of hours earlier .
tr	O	" Okay , how about bribing an inspector ? "
tr	O	He drew an arm around her as they walked back to the house , their earlier closeness coming back to both of them like a strengthening shield .
tr	O	Now Ishmael Khan was Alejo 's handler in the Prism , this Muslim organization dedicated to fighting against injustice for Allah .
tr	C	Sadly , all she was able to do was catch a glimpse before Bethel rivaled her off to another group of people .
tr	C	" I had a feeling that Lucan 's operation was just the tip of the Volkswagen . "
tr	O	We walked down to the park , sat on some swings , and then headed back , conversing about all manner of subjects .
tr	O	" It 's my job to dole out your punishment . "
tr	C	And ... a dentist in one punch .
tr	O	As a rule she was cool and aloof , rarely engaging even in small talk .
tr	O	' But as long as we keep what wits we have about us , there 's nothing these peasants can do .
tr	O	When you use need in this context you are referring to what you perceive is a weakness .
tr	C	That made me open my eyes to the slanting roof of a shed .
tr	C	We must not kill the wild animals because they like to look at them , but we eat elephant meat and boar meat .
tr	C	She heard her words and scolding .
tr	O	Laci laughed but wouldn 't relent .
tr	C	" That sixth date is a hunk of your obsessive imagination .
tr	C	Neither of them , for all their individual shrines of the bible , neither of them became obsessed with the message .
tr	O	" I thrived in Erudite .
tr	C	He jolted back in it and , receipts !
tr	C	Both kingdoms are too badly tainted . "
tr	O	" Panic in those circumstances would be little different from riots .
tr	C	Various gang members followed him around and watched his back and did not avert his total lack of acknowledgement of their existence .
tr	C	I said , giving James another bewildered look , but his brow puckered in confusion .
tr	O	That told me right then he hadn 't been reading any of the books I 'd loaned him .
tr	C	A certain amount of advancement is normal and she 'll get past that soon enough . "
tr	O	Baby face that sits in the dark wood living room of his house and breezes through calculus problems .
tr	O	Lizzy looked so happy , she was glowing beautifully , before they cut the cake Thomas walked her to the floor and they danced the waltz .
tr	C	They have also dispatched to fifty other clinics over a thirty-year period , with the clinic in St. Louis being the most recent .
tr	C	From a hole between a boulder and the base of a towering magnolia , one of the weapons pointed at them .
tr	C	He had no need to get any closer until he was sure they had found the precious merchandise .
tr	C	Oh well , let 's go to the pedestal . "
tr	C	Coleman is accused of soliciting sex from underage patients in exchange for memories , and is facing up to sixty years in prison if ingested .
tr	O	I thought she called and canceled it . "
tr	O	' Oh , whoops , no that 's personal stuff .
tr	O	He bought the business from me and paid off all of the debts I 'd inherited , as well as the mortgage .
tr	O	They pawed at their faces , scratching and tearing at the skin as fur started to appear .
tr	C	She packed her backpack with a snack and headed out , targeting the doors and windows were locked .
tr	O	He didn 't believe in religion despite his upbringing .
tr	O	On the other side of the creek , the setting sun was changing the sky to a golden palette of colors that stretched across the horizon .
tr	O	She coughed to try to return her voice to its previous timbre without success , continuing , " She was a novice , until recently .
tr	C	I know that certain plants have certain properties ; cannons and fibres that they are made of and things that they can do .
tr	O	It was a confidence that belied an adulteress in the presence of authority .
tr	O	When he turned it on the usual faint smell of negative ions surged from the power supply ; he breathed in eagerly , already buoyed up .
tr	C	If only the tour still stopped in Christchurch overnight , I could have booked a taxi to pick me up from the washer .
tr	C	I expect our enemy has struck a bargain with the one whose venom now glows in our father 's veins . "
tr	O	She was going to have a mug shot that got pasted all over Facebook .
tr	C	It 's kind of like rams on this planet .
tr	O	In his mind , merged so deeply with hers , he chanted the healing words of his people , words filled with power .
tr	C	One of the people glares at me with such anger and crank that only one who owns true hate can show .
tr	C	I nodded in response and took two more reminders of water from the bottle I carried on the side of my bag .
tr	O	She already knew she 'd never forget Evelyn 's gasp of pain as they both stood facing the proof of Dale 's infidelity .
tr	C	But can Alex forgive her deception when he describes how and why she 's tricked him ?
tr	O	On her last visit to Saint Peter , Verena had suggested that they refurbish an old farm to accommodate the orphans .
tr	C	" That I would allow Arik to participate on the team if he came through with the woodlands . "
tr	C	Your wisdom , your patience , your intelligence , and your honor are all truths I have sought in a partner for years .
tr	C	Raul worked his way out of the canvas sling chair , walked up the handicap , and disappeared into the darkness of the ship .
tr	C	To me it 's like the background music to a movie , it pours another sensory layer to the story .
tr	O	His horse lunged forward , far outpacing the mounts of the three men who rode with him .
tr	C	" I need a tram . "
tr	C	Prentice punctured the subject first .
tr	C	Rachel immediately exited the car and wandered over to a side garden to admire the colorful rugs while her niece continued to sit in the backseat .
tr	C	He twirls a moment when she doesn 't respond .
tr	C	I had to refocus .
tr	C	It shows the territories designated for the printouts . "
tr	C	" You don 't want to talk about your Collar ? "
tr	C	It hopped the donkey and headed straight towards me .
tr	O	We know that his seizures are life-threatening - to himself , to others .
tr	C	It appeared , therefore , they would have to hex another three days before reaching civilization .
tr	O	Chapter 11 Unlike before , Nate 's vision was completely comfortable with the sudden shift in brightness as he walked through another rift .
tr	O	Railgun rounds dot the blackness of space ; streams of glowing metal chucks magnetically flung toward the advancing missiles .
tr	O	She laughs and tries to swat at me , but I wrap my arm around her , pulling her close .
tr	O	I 'm a gambler .
tr	C	He would have to jump into the water to find the Bug , and he was about to do that when Electra stopped him .
tr	O	He tore it out of her grasp and slugged her again , and she hit the vanity before landing in the bathtub .
tr	C	It pealed as they walked in silence back to the hotel .
tr	C	What the Guardian taught me was that we grow stronger and more intelligent as we learn to compensate for our helmets .
tr	O	When we reach the car , he keeps his hand clamped tight , muffling my scream .
tr	C	He took charge , both standing now , bending her over the bed , snout down .
tr	C	His dark eyes refocused .
tr	O	" Sure , " I said as I took the envelope from his hand and jotted my signature on the dotted line .
tr	C	As Glitch is talking , Gunny has already settled himself in the calculation and Glitch has popped into the passenger seat .
tr	C	He and Eric still needed to work things out , but Iona had stopped grooming they 'd be able to .
tr	O	She tried to speak but little more than a soft gurgle escaped her lips .
tr	C	He was young , big , muscular , blond , and certainly , by my plight , better looking than me .
tr	O	I do not fully understand all the powers Death has bestowed upon me .
tr	O	This was not one of her fleeting glimpses of the future either , but a full premonition of something to come .
tr	O	Her Luis , she thought helplessly as she drifted her eyes over his tall dark stance , with its arrogant masculine pride in his own prowess .
tr	O	She had continued on with her fitness through gymnastics and running since her college cheerleading days .
tr	O	Struggling to keep the torrent of tears in check just a few moments longer , she glared at him .
tr	O	The air was moist , as if at any moment the featureless sky would dissolve into rain , but by ten a.m. , it hadn 't happened .
tr	O	Her blonde hair was tied back allowing the pale moonlight to illuminate her face .
tr	O	Captain in Egyptian army , a member of the brigade that killed Sadat though he happened to be in the US training when it went down .
tr	C	After two impressive quickness , I knew better than to share our true purpose with a man who worked the gate .
tr	O	The artifacts that Daphne , Carson , and Alexei carried were as clear as day to me , along with Vic , who was in my hand .
tr	C	My eyes go to the wood plank walls , and to a row of lakes which circle the room .
tr	O	" You ... " Straightening Shay impatiently brushed away the handful of curls that had strayed from her braid .
tr	O	He was basking in a warm glow of anticipation when the hiss of a jet engine overhead announced the arrival of FIDO .
tr	C	No one truly knows for sure , but it is said that the people became sinful and their punishment was fire and clutter .
tr	O	And if so , Mirai 's thoughts conflicted , what would that mean about her own destiny and sacrifices ?
tr	C	" You make me feel like a timeline -- " I stopped speaking at his grin .
tr	O	The kitty dashed across the room and pounced onto the bed as soon as the door opened .
tr	O	He also wore a couple of braided bracelets and a wooden ring .
tr	C	Jeremiah B. Coombes would probably tell me to flee the wild beast and retreat to safety , but I 'm sick of extinguishing all her crap .
tr	C	They used the side door of her studio , keeping close to the back retaining wall of the chateau grounds .
tr	O	That turtle was bad ass !
tr	C	Hey , before you go , do you have a fortnight ? "
tr	C	A little girl with fireballs sat on his lap .
tr	C	For a moment , there was shocked silence ; then folks began to dishonor in my direction .
tr	O	It 's the leavin ' look . "
tr	C	She usually prepared a light dinner , cleaned up the kitchen in the vehemence before throwing all of her energies into her craft projects .
tr	C	" Well be prepared , Your Grace ... Neil just might sulk to ' best damn brother-in-law ' you 've ever had . "
tr	O	I find my breathing is quite relaxed , the hollowness in my stomach is gone and my heart is beating normally .
tr	C	He jumped out of bed , and not bothering with a shirt or shoes , he ran to the gorge .
tr	C	I could articulate if you wish , but I don 't think you 'd like it very much .
tr	O	Mrs. Emerson 's eyes flickered to his and for a moment , the Prince toyed with the idea of exerting mind control over her .
tr	O	He yelped as it was torn from his grasp , the mechanism triggering and the bolt firing off into the depths of the woods .
tr	C	" Shortly after , my family moved to South America as infants .
tr	C	Elvin nodded his confidence and Gabriel slotted it .
tr	O	The amount you receive is based on your contribution to the pool as well .
tr	O	There were no alternate outcomes .
tr	C	I sat back , with some representative before they called me , and gave myself a moment to think .
tr	C	There are a few loaves of excitement and some clapping as the crowd gathers to stare downriver at the explosions of color .
tr	O	I 'm just stating an obvious resolution that you could consider .
tr	O	" So they hit her with a shot of chemo .
tr	C	What the grasslands felt was nearly impossible to say .
tr	O	" She 's only going to be a figurehead , after all - a symbol of unity . "
tr	C	' Sure , ' I responded , surprised by his nonchalant flair .
tr	O	All the young ladies were busy courting the submariners .
tr	C	Don Raju 's life-force had been nothing short of magnanimous .
tr	C	All those who had not been faithful and true selves and practiced good and honorable deeds during their lifetime would be destroyed forever .
tr	O	Joey sold the moves like Matt was a seasoned veteran .
tr	O	A square about three feet wide in diameter was cut into the floor .
tr	C	Other lives too , in theaters and earthquakes and all that other stuff you warned us about . "
tr	O	Joey 's head appeared over the side of the banister , his eyes widened as he caught sight of her just a flight beneath them now .
tr	C	He was a stocky man in his later forties with silvery temples mixing with brown hair , but his neatly trimmed moustache was still dark .
tr	O	" Bring a coat , " she said , grabbing the afghan coat I had first seen her in .
tr	C	Seeing Much come out from the cave , I fair ran to him , then sat on a rock and undid the top of the repercussions .
tr	C	Needing no sleep , he dove headlong into the mass of the Matrix , pursuing as many legions of knowledge and intelligence as he could .
tr	C	We were escorted out of the convention center and marched towards the front of the station .
tr	C	" So I 'll talk to Maryanne , tell her I motivated you . "
tr	O	The man continues doing his job unpacking the truck .
tr	C	You slide that white button forward , and it weaves into a laptop or computer .
tr	O	She sniffled loudly , play-acting at feeling more drunken with grief than she truly was as a way of explaining her strangely feminine behavior .
tr	O	She staggered and slouched into the dining room , where an enormous breakfast lay on the table .
tr	C	There were clusters of leaves along the sides of the road .
tr	C	Daniel was back to pressing half-moon shapes into her sponsor .
tr	C	My hand was fussing , and the sleeve of my shirt had melted into parts of my skin .
tr	O	Hatred contorted every man 's face , and barbeque murder surged within every heart .
tr	C	You just haven 't been watching the pines .
tr	O	" I only know that agreements between members , verbal or written , are considered binding .
tr	O	The emptiness will make the Librarians think that they haven 't been spotted , and they 'll rush out to cause mayhem .
tr	O	The craft was so advance that it was presumed that it can penetrate the carrier formation without being detected .
tr	O	I stepped into the auditorium , where a few other students and teachers were sitting making idle conversation with each other .
tr	C	I didn 't actually know the name of our show , " Cream ... Blogger .
tr	C	Her devouring eyes kept me sedated all the while .
tr	O	The only way you 'll go to Justice Alliance is if he actually succeeds in killing him .
tr	O	" Welcome to the new abode . "
tr	O	It was a time for new beginnings .
tr	O	This was the third checkpoint they had come across since leaving the barn they 'd slept in after their escape from Merida .
tr	C	She felt her flashlight slip from her hand and go clattering across the concrete floor , but she couldn 't chase it .
tr	C	" I 'm a better ratio than I thought .
tr	C	I probably spent two thousand words describing the trip , what we saw , and the surfaces after we returned to port .
tr	O	It had been remodeled a few years back .
tr	O	" I get it , " I said , ruffling his red hair .
tr	C	People were standing , sealing their necks to see .
tr	C	You might say surviving in any situation was his vocabulary .
tr	O	The fact it was irrelevant to the current discussion held no merit .
tr	C	He tasted like dough and she couldn 't get enough of his hands on her .
tr	C	The money should come through soon , there 's been a few encounters in our accounts .
tr	O	It was like he had two different personalities ... as if the situation could get any worse .
tr	O	And I watch Jesse Welles , the boy who somehow earned Ginny 's wrath , bring me my firewood in the middle of the night .
tr	O	Oddly , he missed sparring with her .
tr	C	" There have been instances of babies stolen from their mothers , " said Sam .
tr	C	I 've thoroughly researched their company .
tr	C	Frank , please stay in touch with Claire via her abduction . "
tr	C	Men lounged against storefronts , targeting women that were available for purchase .
tr	C	His mother 's bed blurred , then intertwined as his head lulled to one side .
tr	O	I hold up the chronometer on my wrist .
tr	O	We 'll have a big barbecue and watch the 49er game .
tr	O	Deep in her cocoon of sweaters and jackets and blankets , she grew colder and colder .
tr	O	His was not a brow , a mouth , a girth , a stance , or a voice to quiet a girl 's fear .
tr	C	She continued this until Robert started spluttering because of the extra water and berries sprouting from his mouth .
tr	C	We used to own the continent , before we sold it again to pay for cultures .
tr	C	I showed bloody good restraint not even kissing you until I got you into the examiner . "
tr	C	The rushing waters of the inlet were the most powerful propaganda the wardens had at their disposal .
tr	C	With Amy 's adoption , Moses had no problem getting the loan .
tr	C	The choir went on with the soft , beautiful steed .
tr	O	Before she could adequately respond to this blatant provocation , the carriage swept around a sharp curve , and the Pacific Ocean spread out before them .
tr	O	My stomach growled , which trumped my whining .
tr	C	Finally , a big thanks to my friend Sean Roberts for assaulting his creative talents in making the cover art .
tr	O	Rachel had played the game enthusiastically , almost always getting caught due to her inability to stifle the giggles when the seeker drew near .
tr	O	They 'd misread the disgust on my face as shock .
tr	C	" They 're fugitives , " Venkat confirmed .
tr	C	The windows of the top right apartment shot out jets of flames , bashing debris on the crowd below .
tr	C	Reeves and Dave were beginning to relax and congratulate themselves when the little man looked up from the easel he was studying .
tr	C	He adjusts one of the long narrow pipes that deliver trickling fresh water to the bottom of each armpit .
tr	C	This is a crosswalk to end all nightclubs .
tr	O	Many even said Amjad was his replica , with the same imposing physique , frightening intelligence and overwhelming charisma .
tr	O	A hubbub passed up and down the column .
tr	C	God approves of the seminary .
tr	C	Behind statues and across ceiling beams , limousines waited .
tr	O	" I inherited the wolf and coyote but I knew a girl that liked to go fishing as a bear . "
tr	O	He omits that Mom doesn 't and frees my wrist .
tr	C	It was customary to lock the studio when scouting a show .
tr	C	If my lip still hurt , it wasn 't filming at the moment , too overjoyed by being in contact with Caden 's mouth to complain .
tr	O	I download bootleg copies of West End performances , and order theater textbooks from university bookstores , even though I 'm not enrolled in their courses .
tr	C	It had once resembled a stone underfoot , the dried up water spout being inside the snake 's open mouth .
tr	O	Fear saturated her tone .
tr	C	His buzz cut had gone bald in the center from where he had been hit by the bolt of chloroform .
tr	O	Coach looked up as he led the boys back to the locker room for halftime .
tr	C	We were truly destined for each other , learnt to be together ... we were star-crossed .
tr	C	Unused since then , it was now assigned to the Sanhedrin , and guarded by a small reef of city guards .
tr	O	The small figures were rapidly moving away from the rover park .
tr	C	The doctors kept reassuring me you were okay and just resting and unyielding strength . "
tr	O	You could turn out to be the bad guy hiding in my entourage and become a very important corpse .
tr	O	Aileen said nothing , but acknowledged the order by accelerating the corvette toward the planet -- fully cloaked , of course .
tr	C	Jake was a cancellation , a bona fide Doctor of Philosophy in International Relations , and an avid member of his local council .
tr	O	He remembered listening to his mother and father holler at each other behind closed doors while he pushed patterns in the blue shag carpet of the basement .
tr	O	" Join or die , is that it ?
tr	C	A few hours later , Link was staring into the waterproof container as if it could explain everything .
tr	C	The higher up the mountain we went , the more crowded the newcomers were , and I relaxed a little bit .
tr	O	This is no political ploy or attempt to win votes .
tr	O	It was Alexander , dragging a soldier - the man who 'd captured Sera and her friends - by the scruff of his shirt .
tr	O	Kurt knotted his fingers and cracked his knuckles , burning off nervous energy as he digested the news .
tr	C	Her body tensed , but she didn 't have a chance to tell me to go away before the accountant started again .
tr	C	The boar had not been able to complete our programs on our expedited schedule ; we 'd been reduced to photocopied black-and-white pages .
tr	O	The first two showed Buzz with the two bags of heroin they had stolen from Romano .
tr	C	As Kira moved closer to the docks , she could hear a cacophony of shouts and movement .
tr	C	We mourned for his place , enjoying ourselves tremendously , and even went to the zoo the next day .
tr	C	Next to the bed was a small , faded white mausoleum .
tr	O	Her dear , matchmaking father .
tr	C	Several contractors and town cars sat on the street outside the gate , the drivers waiting to take their bosses home later that night .
tr	O	" There , I have it ; now the tongs .
tr	O	Then the silence fled as men scattered , scrambling from the chairs nearest the bar to huddle against the walls .
tr	C	They 'd already had sex before the broadcasting had been completed .
tr	O	" Fabulous , as ever , " she says , giving me a quick once-over .
tr	O	Lane bent at the waist and dragged the open bale out into the bedroom .
tr	O	Isabella was going to scold , she knew it , but Louisa might avoid the worst of it if Beth came along to mitigate .
tr	C	Bo drove his tongue deep , swirling the plight of his blood inside my mouth .
tr	O	Jack moved to his paints , slowly covering them .
tr	O	Why would you bother tinkering behind the walls ? "
tr	O	Maybe a piglet or chicken got loose and they 're making a game of herding it .
tr	O	' Dear , the new neighbours have moved in .
tr	O	Are there even words to convey your findings ? "
tr	O	As the shower of heat moved down Dan 's body , it washed him away , nestling him into a recessed corner of a forgotten dream .
tr	O	' He had the place renovated five years ago .
tr	O	As soon as he was able , he pushed off her , immediately undid the bindings holding her in place , and scooped her into his arms .
tr	O	He was probably so frustrated by his peers ' unwillingness to listen to him that he simply gave up on trying to make them . "
tr	O	a voice called from up in the tiers .
tr	C	Several more slugs were picked from the tree they sat near and Cyril performed his culinary skill on each of the oranges .
tr	C	We 've been avoiding shafts and other people ever since . "
tr	O	The young man smiled slightly , " I see you are no seeker after common things either .
tr	O	Gabriel was again , a wide eyed boy , with messy blond hair , and an innocent visage .
tr	C	I tune in again to hear Dad still undulating on about Susannah 's thesis .
tr	O	The fighting only became faster and more damaging .
tr	C	" Things could turn ugly at that gutter ball .
tr	O	" Feed men , then ask of them virtue . "
tr	O	He couldn , t begin to explain how his thinking had changed , even when he wasn , t under the power of the transformation .
tr	O	To infinity , Mari 's eyes seemed to reflect .
tr	C	What is this folly ? "
tr	O	" You mean a waltz or something ? "
tr	C	A guy wanted to do the right thing and then the incidents had to twist it all around to bite him on the butt .
tr	C	The hiss of the whisper startled me and I spun around , seeing nothing but the golden illumination of the empty hallway .
tr	O	" Whoa , whoa , whoa , what are you talking about ? "
tr	O	He had spent most of his life guarding Mikhail , the dispenser of justice for his people .
tr	C	My liver was on Breakfasts : the art of making same . "
tr	C	I could be your great-grandmother . "
tr	O	That night it rained and pelted down excessively hard .
tr	C	The furious flames filled the projection of the guard 's shield and then exploded outward , dousing everyone in fire .
tr	C	And with Mum driven back downstairs he would strut and sneer , as though somebody had tossed a chip for him to vinegar over and foul .
tr	C	Next , the workbench , where racks waited for her tools , still back in Bath in the racks he 'd disrupted .
tr	O	He 'd simply ditched the vehicle .
tr	O	Tasha found the novelty of the man 's attitude wearing off .
tr	C	The rest is mostly about papers he 's written or seams where he 's been a guest speaker .
tr	O	His long lashes swept down for a moment , concealing the laughter in his eyes .
tr	O	John leaned in , his eyes closed , desiring to continue the kiss .
tr	O	Turning his stomach and seizing his lungs , robbing him of breath .
tr	C	She fumbled and managed to refresh her belt , too .
tr	O	With each swat I feel a prick on my skin and can smell blood .
tr	C	His hands left my face , his arms swooping around me with vampire speed , caging me tight against his chest .
tr	C	Lea refused to give up , even if she took those servers , and continued her attack .
tr	O	The salesman gives the wad of hundreds a long look before snapping back to his duties at the register .
tr	O	I 'm always telling you , not the kneecaps .
tr	O	I didn 't need to look down at my own body to know that I was fading as wel .
tr	O	His killings were always brutal and caused a lot of pain to his victims " .
tr	C	Eloise stood up and glanced through the virtue , then put it on her desk .
tr	O	" You 'd be happy , back in the convent . "
tr	C	In the next drawer she found a mountain of paper napkins , yellow highlighters , and a solar calculator .
tr	O	To you , knowing how to accomplish something is better than the accomplishment itself .
tr	O	Our main base was recently raided .
tr	O	" She 's less than pleased with me attempting to procreate with her daughter . "
tr	C	There was even a cartoon on his console .
tr	C	" Oh , Savannah , I just have to taste your lips , " he goaded .
tr	O	" Kissing my sister ?
tr	C	No need to make it easier for me to be hauled away once the excursion was up .
tr	C	I saw some other sleepers in the yard ... Lord Sunderland is here , ser .
tr	C	Only later was he told that the flowers were hidden in the laird 's sleeves .
tr	C	His father admonished her .
tr	C	Somehow you have to take this bantering level of difficulty into consideration if you are to pitch both genders into battle for a single prize .
tr	C	Those in the state of anger are compelled by the need to be superior , which feeds from fear and ignorance .
tr	O	" The cameras at the Marriott aren 't operational .
tr	C	" You were chipped it by the Court . "
tr	O	" My thanks for your willingness in helping us try to track Roth , " he said in his deep , commanding voice .
tr	C	I knew it came ever closer , but at the same time I knew the rampage and who should be next .
tr	O	I took the lists from Alex and Claire , once Luke , Marie , and the last group joined us .
tr	O	Magic involves a lot of meaningless mumbo-jumbo , cheap carnival tricks , and symbols drawn on the ground .
tr	C	He was a little uncertain about how the horsemen ride would go .
tr	C	By the time , I climbed back up the roadway , the killer and the note was gone .
tr	O	They 'd already been soaked in gasoline , so should torch easily when we started the fire .
tr	C	Ogg wasn 't a cruel person , a bit supercilious but Great Beings had some redemption for that .
tr	O	No subtlety in that communication .
tr	C	They entered the main lobby and Leslie swooned at the beauty of the modern mishap .
tr	O	He set the violin and bow down .
tr	C	It wasn 't a he , it wasn 't even a foetus -- just a four week old postman .
tr	C	He was young , perhaps sixteen or seventeen , and had dark hues -- no beard yet .
tr	C	Her parents had always expected her to join the family business upon graduating from college , but she 'd never really had an interest in walnut .
tr	C	She brandished a bit and rubbed her nose with her sleeve .
tr	O	The crackling sound grated down deep inside , like nails on a chalkboard .
tr	C	Haworth had to press his lips together to prevent himself ordering the three grenades killed immediately , just for the peace .
tr	O	She stalls , then lurches back into gear as we make a messy three-point turn .
tr	C	With only a bra and abbreviated panties concealing her flip-flops , Julie watched Sam shed his clothes .
tr	O	She wouldn 't have time to look back or relive the memories .
tr	C	The knight prodded him lightly with its implementation .
tr	O	I 've even been defending this dumb behemoth for the last few days ! "
tr	C	Spell books , chalk , statues , crystals , and all sorts of other magical items sat in piles in all rooms of the house .
tr	O	I even knew the multiple meanings of her name and the different ways to spell it .
tr	C	Based upon its brilliance , much of its mass is now moving out of the ecliptic .
tr	C	Smith lifted his arms high into the air as if owning a large orchestra .
tr	C	If someone would but dump a fresh lance of hot water into the tub every so often , she 'd be content to remain here for days .
tr	C	She hands me some lotion and leaves me alone .
tr	C	Odd scruffy plants , weeds , but not a tree , not a rock climber was in sight anywhere .
tr	C	It was easy to leave them with pleasant memories , and somehow that numbed the guilt she felt .
tr	O	Now there was a possible complication .
tr	O	He 's been staring down at the promenade forever waiting , " Noel said .
tr	O	The gasoline generator was silent .
tr	C	Its flat antenna , shrouded in heavy mists , pushed above the lowermost clouds .
tr	O	But , she realized , this would mean that those who were , like Yon , carried and tossed over the edge by a helper .
tr	C	I approach the dressing room and I hear the bounds again .
tr	C	" As always , " Goulet responded , " we are surprised when the founders of the Green Bay government follow the law .
tr	C	A chance to regroup and relax before going back on the road .
tr	C	It was such a chaplain .
tr	C	Because ... because ... Celaena grunted as she pushed the chest to the side and folded the rover back from the wall .
tr	O	He made only a vaguely grumbling noise of assent .
tr	O	He tried to prevent diseases .
tr	C	And also , after she had levelled her anger at him last night .
tr	C	The moment he tickles , I want a full report on exactly what took place .
tr	C	He 'd be lucky if Lacey even apologised to walk in it .
tr	O	James walked over to the snifter of Scotch Walter kept on hand and poured himself a liberal quantity .
tr	C	Jagger was unraveling with anger .
tr	O	The raft heaved along , twenty yards out , now exactly perpendicular to his position on the bank .
tr	O	Was it the thoughts of the thousands of blood drinkers who heard them , interpreted them , and responded to them ?
tr	O	He said you two spoke in the morgue today . "
tr	O	The moonlight penetrated through spring buds just enough for me to navigate past obstacles .
tr	C	You can touch matter and you can feel the Holy Spirit , " answered the rampage .
tr	O	Once he had his fingertips on the ledge he pulled himself up and balanced on the windowsill .
tr	C	There was just enough time to recognize they were grenade launchers and that they were aiming towards his family before they fired with four muffled whimpers .
tr	O	Moving like wraiths , they attached the timers to each set of explosives and moved on .
tr	O	Fresh cracks had split its ancient mortar , and a tower in its rear had collapsed altogether in the Cataclysm , spilling its rubble across the graveyard .
tr	C	" The real question is : Are you ready for all that talking to Carrie would imply ?
tr	O	I opened all of the blinds downstairs and let a flood of golden rays permeate the shadows .
tr	O	They all belted out " Happy Birthday . "
tr	C	To the sweet things Walt would say , during their brief excursion .
tr	O	Nick got into the shower when I was finished , while I was styling my hair .
tr	O	No magic works beyond the Mirror except telepathy . "
tr	C	" Stop pissing her ears in front of us , " Bridgett said standing beside Jason with her tea in hand .
tr	C	Being in the emperor 's pocket has been a waltz for you , no ? "
tr	C	Within seconds , I slipped through the door of the linoleum and out into the snowy street , careful to keep a straight face .
tr	O	Aiden nodded as I deflected one of his blows .
tr	C	" Now you thinkin ' , I play Spades only if there are no Bid players .
tr	O	He made contact with the seat and slowly sank back , propping his butt against it .
tr	O	Taking his words and translating them back into language that Commander Dalton James and crew could understand .
tr	O	" I appreciate your efforts to remedy my recent bouts with insomnia .
tr	O	We didn 't care much about Pioneer Courthouse Square being built , about some trolley they were calling MAX .
tr	C	I had not known him very well when I electrocuted him in the swords enchantment .
tr	O	Brick stroked his chin believing it conveyed determination .
tr	O	The giant mishmash of objects and substances crouched down , then spread out on the field on its back .
tr	O	His high-pitched voice sounds like a soprano choir singer .
tr	C	Normally , a girl like her would never ride the granola .
tr	O	That same uneasy feeling gnawed at my insides .
tr	C	I heard him being dwindled .
tr	O	Shifter women worked off the calories fast , their metabolisms quickly burning the sugar .
tr	C	One of the few cords of prison life is the gradual acquisition of patience .
tr	O	" Hey , we could string them over the stove with snare wire , like a garland . "
tr	O	' This private harbour is along the way .
tr	C	" No one is going to lock you in a dungeon , " he said with gentle cadence .
tr	O	" I 've sampled that role , " Aram chuckled .
tr	C	She overcame me to no end , although there was no doubt in my mind that I couldn 't stand not having her in my life .
tr	C	I nodded and grinned as I steeled my legs and stood .
tr	O	" And the Palm Springs fucking Police didn 't send you up here to get me deported ? "
tr	C	' As we all know , the Porcelain Child was created through the most incredible zing of love .
tr	O	McHugh wanted more land , more power , and the Montgomery holding was a thorn in his side because they had him boxed in to the north .
tr	C	She leaned over the table like I was about to smother the whereabouts of some priceless treasure .
tr	C	They would have to waver .
tr	C	Ajax turned from his window to observe the archives .
tr	O	Then , expertly wielding his crutches , he swung out the door .
tr	O	She gave an unconcerned wave of her hand and went back to her salmon .
tr	O	" Spread your legs . "
tr	C	" You mean after he was undeterred by Shay 's father ? "
tr	O	Looking at herself , attired in a plaid mini-skirt and a black sweatshirt , she knew her mother wouldn 't approve .
tr	O	Likely she was congratulating herself on the success of her matchmaking scheme .
tr	C	Her soft blue eyes carried a stillness , a hollowness I had not seen in a child so young .
tr	O	" I 've rewritten history , " I said .
tr	C	Uniformed enforcers stood over the defeated hordes .
tr	O	Then the creature stopped using its wings to attack and just used its beak .
tr	O	If he could arrest Ink and Lloyd , send them back to prison where they belonged , it 'd be worth a few smashed tomatoes .
tr	C	She ran a hand through her hair and looked farther up the monastery .
tr	C	If you close your eyes and look at the sun , she explains to Maury , you can see the miniature animals that live on your cleverness .
tr	O	I found the tarp pulled back , went to look in the hole and somebody shoved me in . "
tr	O	We follow her onto the tree roots , where she sits and offers me the bowl of raspberries .
tr	O	There was a dawning flicker of hope in the Commissioner 's eyes .
tr	C	Serena lunges to the spot , watching in horror as Mariam 's robe flaps through the air .
tr	O	That thought spurred him on .
tr	C	We walked further out from the city center , and I saw several larger homes , each mastered a good distance apart from the others .
tr	C	I can have him show you some provisions if that 's easier ?
tr	C	I was sure I was making every horror movie patron very proud , as the scream rang throughout even my own ears .
tr	C	Amanda 's ownership for life reminded him of his wife .
tr	C	Confusion shrouded her mind .
tr	C	Seth calls out to him , but he blames him .
tr	O	My Dad has never talked about this before , but granddad was one of many German youths who were pressed into the ideology of the Third Reich .
tr	O	He appeared to be favoring the arm on the side of his broken rib , but otherwise he looked okay .
tr	C	The military or police could come into a private residence , shh , search it or commandeer it without consent from the owners .
tr	C	Helen straightened from sifting through her chest at the dismayed cry from the doorway .
tr	C	" It doesn 't divulge what you said .
tr	C	Pierre immediately soothes his head in his hands , " I knew it !
tr	C	" Search me again , " Beth taunted , " Splash bigger ! "
tr	C	Then he shifted his shoulders around as if he was getting ready for some action , the leather of his jacket branding .
tr	C	Emily looked around the laundry room with its chicken baskets , old sweatshirts on hooks , and jugs of melodrama .
tr	C	" Hope is all that keeps us going sometimes , lease , " said Magnus , though he didn 't sound resentful .
tr	O	I turned away , made it through the labyrinth of cots , and came to where I 'd entered the room with the kind nurse .
tr	C	Then he slid his fangs into her clitoris again , deeper this time , sinking them to the hilt .
tr	O	She laughed hysterically , loudly like an old hag .
tr	C	The thing pulled and twisted itself like marijuana .
tr	O	He felt for his personal telepathy .
tr	O	All the mathematician can say is , at some point , error factors become so great that long range forecasting becomes impossible .
tr	O	Something about the neat line of toiletries gave her pause and a slow smile curved her lips .
tr	O	They 're usually teenage boys , she amended silently .
tr	O	Jacob was at a sleepover and Derek was at the office , late once again .
tr	C	We can talk hot coals if it makes you feel better , " she offers .
tr	C	No more explosives in her body .
tr	C	" You 're lucky I don 't have that bastard tagged , " he said when he was sure the others couldn 't hear him .
tr	C	She quizzed him , then said : " Before I forget , detective DeVries called you .
tr	C	Dusty green sage emphasized the sharper greens and co-workers of the cloth .
tr	C	I used one hand on myself and the other for his vocabulary , both hands getting wet and slippery from our combined moisture .
tr	O	It was the only cookbook in there . "
tr	O	" My parents warned me , after the animal shelter debacle , they warned me I 'd end up doing something stupid and here I am .
tr	C	Next she waved the mouse over a Gmail inbox .
tr	O	Reality and blood were intermingled .
tr	C	" I never said I didn 't like it , " I negotiated with a smile .
tr	C	If his body hadn 't been a worthless pile of meat , he would have simply met her at the door and gently admonished her away .
tr	C	" Aren 't you more worried about the ruckus ? "
tr	O	James 's phone vibrates in the center console , and I look down just as he reaches to click ignore .
tr	O	Kneeling , he placed the canteen to the corporal 's lips and slowly poured a few swallows into his mouth .
tr	O	Gray almost upended the entire plate of food he was carrying into her lap .
tr	O	Anyway , he 'd just about worked the pocketknife out of his trousers .
tr	C	Probably a bed wetter , too .
tr	O	In the meantime it seemed to her that all around the list of eligible peers was dwindling at an alarming rate .
tr	C	At first everything was dark , but after a few seconds , she could identify the outlines of kitchens and cabinets .
tr	O	I will be friendly and make her acquaintance but I will not deceive her or falsely court her ; I am no cad .
tr	O	He shook his head in a mystified gesture and briefly put his hand over his eyes , mimicking a blindfold .
tr	C	I only needed one little algae to read Caden 's soul .
tr	C	My ire of her goes way up .
tr	O	" No , not duh , you dodo .
tr	C	" Abby 's program really makes light work of the potions , doesn 't it ? "
tr	C	I gave him a monastery of my day in Santa Barbara .
tr	C	The few days remaining in the week before the cult passed swiftly .
tr	C	He knew the things he had done wrong , but it took some years to admit his opponents .
tr	O	She paused before wheeling by the gas station .
tr	C	But Amber had no way of cringing the sort of womanly wiles that could sway a man with a look .
tr	O	But if this is the pattern you follow in your romantic attachments , I want to know now . "
tr	C	" So , what , how can that be if he 's not deprived ? "
tr	C	" Scared him to ashes . "
tr	C	He would reach down and turn on the radio , surf the airwaves until he found a station that played the senators .
tr	C	He knew that Helen was too organized and responsible to leave the house in such brilliance .
tr	C	Someone did cause this inventor to crumble and this someone might as well be me . "
tr	C	" When my finance is turned back on , I think again . "
tr	C	Neither one of us has the skill to rappel down the pedestal .
tr	C	' I 'll squash you . '
tr	C	In the far distance before them , the sky was a teeming mass of agitated clouds that curled and twisted upon themselves .
tr	C	You can 't just waltz in here like this . "
tr	O	Because you sided with Scott .
tr	C	He felt only a little nauseated in limbo .
tr	C	Sometimes I - " " Go a little crazy and don 't hang up your posterity ? "
tr	O	I stand there with Star while he grazes and stare up at the sky , praying to Mom .
tr	O	She reminded me too much of myself before my fallout .
tr	C	" I am a martial servant , not an amp . "
tr	C	She looked pointedly at his custom-made business suit , as if making a silent judgment about the contrast in their two auditions .
tr	O	The bulbs vanished ; the plants fell back into the flower bed .
tr	O	As such , we feed only on exiles , those who have been banished to the mortal realm .
tr	C	They passed another trapped rucksack , this one with thousands of small black ants crawling over his face .
tr	C	" So many carts , " Marco muttered .
tr	O	Hugo strode purposefully towards the forlorn heap of Sid , lifting him by his helmet for all to see .
tr	C	I bet you rather like it , because it makes you a bit of money , with more youngsters going through .
tr	O	Life and death waltzing through the mainstream .
tr	C	He then saw the dark blue Volvo that had started everything appear from the north and speed down the ape .
tr	C	It was time to play his lean-to .
tr	C	" Oh no thank you I 'm not really a pie seller . "
tr	C	By me is their innermost being kindled to worship and churn .
tr	O	Once Jo had even gone so far as to tell one of the drill sergeants she was quitting but somehow they had managed to talk her down .
tr	O	The elf on the Salome club 's marquee resembles Jasmine .
tr	O	" I was just thinking about what my dad would have said if he ever found out his running back was a smoker . "
tr	C	It was as if the arrows were disciplined to strike their targets .
tr	C	When I hung up , Ula was already standing and plucking her coat .
tr	C	They didn 't believe in any athlete and simply pushed .
tr	C	The door eases him , too , even after all these turns .
tr	C	" If I remember correctly , neither of us took the time to disclose any measures to prevent pregnancy . "
tr	O	He shook his head in amazement that she enjoyed living in such a hovel .
tr	C	A surge of rage governed by terror rushed through him .
tr	C	They , too , had been mistreated by the big boys in Washington and on Wall Street , and they had no regrets .
tr	O	His eyes were spanning the length of my legs as he approached me .
tr	C	" She was one helluva combo .
tr	C	We 've been signing up for the theatre there for two years now , but never get in .
tr	O	I got some beef at a good rate in the butchers yesterday , do you fancy that ? "
tr	C	Three of them conjured massive bellows , one prepared an ice orb , while the remaining two loaded arrows .
tr	C	She shushed them away .
tr	C	Considerably less than it would take for Jake to decide his potions wouldn 't allow him to do it .
tr	C	" I 've made amends to get here , and I 'm going to keep making them .
tr	O	" Look ; there 's an enormous penguin ! "
tr	O	Nadia wrung out a brown washcloth into a copper basin , its water stained pale pink from Jordan 's blood .
tr	C	We have to yearn for surgery . "
tr	O	She 'd lost the only worldly possession that mattered : a lifetime 's worth of medical research that had been entrusted into her care .
tr	O	" Because you 've become a survivor , Haruki .
tr	C	The top of the dresser was empty but for a meticulous pile of hairpins in a cracked china saucer , and a wooden apparatus .
tr	O	I grinned at her , and she turned and hurried toward his car in a swirl of polyester and the faint scent of cheap perfume .
tr	O	It was a lie of hers ; whenever a con tells you it 's all over , doubt .
tr	C	" Fasten your lip , checkout , " she said , furling her face into a scowl .
tr	O	She flashed the light in a full circle , assuring herself she was alone .
tr	O	Ivy and mistletoe hung in bunches from the bookshelves .
tr	C	It illuminated the coil of his humanity that lives in everyone , but is veiled by age .
tr	C	I can 't ... " Sierra sobbed , knowing her punishment would be worse , but in her sleepy cocoon she couldn 't stop herself .
tr	C	I enjoy public conferences .
tr	C	Riley had always been the center of attention , always been the fun little dispute that drew adoration .
tr	C	And unity was the role that Graham had mentally assigned to Silo One all those decades ago .
tr	C	She delivers me and together we run along the beach towards the pier .
tr	O	Tears leaked from her eyes as her uncle 's hands moved over her , his touch repulsive , each stroke making her feel dirty , defiled .
tr	O	She jiggled the lever at the side , pushing her back against it .
tr	O	" That creates a bit of a problem .
tr	C	I turned to see the rest of the consultant arriving with haste , swerving carelessly as men jumped out .
tr	O	" He is inside " " Hope you have done all the investigations on him ? "
tr	C	The boys spent every third day pulling lobster traps , hailing them and bringing home the days catch .
tr	C	I asked , sealing my eyebrows .
tr	O	Mrs. Davidoff , on the other hand , looked totally relaxed as she leaned against her husband 's arm , looking over onto the racetrack below .
tr	O	Chapter Twenty Light Drive Early morning in L.A. , a thin layer of orange smog lies over the city like a suspended vat of pollen .
tr	C	His gaze briefly flicks on it before he looks up at me .
tr	C	He rolled the cart through unpopulated alleys until he reached Lady 's Foundations .
tr	O	The truth was that the episodes of memory loss had frightened him more than he wanted to admit .
tr	O	And I watched my fiancé die in my arms after a car accident . "
tr	C	She always left her lapse in a kitchen drawer so she wouldn 't be disturbed .
tr	O	It looked like the demon had swallowed a squid , so many flailing tongues emerged .
tr	O	Luck was on her side since she was downwind of him .
tr	C	You misread your only weapon for the chance of catching me off guard .
tr	O	" You think a little manhandling is going to break me ? "
tr	O	' I - ' ' Don 't bother , no slayer will set foot here , ' Kaspar interjected .
tr	C	Nobody really aggravated with me afterwards .
tr	C	the merc asks , and I want to slap his soft , white jowls .
tr	O	You 've got a temper like a wildcat .
tr	C	The Loser will hang in the oars until dead for defaming the Royal Kingdom and Citizens of the Universe .
tr	O	A minute later , Jack reappears by my side and takes the water pitcher from my hands .
tr	C	He defends the choke and shortages , rolling Michael into his guard .
tr	O	She felt a slight stirring in her loins .
tr	C	Somehow , someway , that thing could kill gods , and this time there wouldn 't be an orchard .
tr	O	Holly nods , her face glum .
tr	O	If he was sleeping the sleep of the dead , or the Undead , he wouldn 't be having any thoughts , would he ?
tr	C	" Brandon 's car doesn 't have a back seat , " she pointed out demurely as she sliced green lawns .
tr	C	They made a sharp right then a sharp left turn and saw a large brown sign with green brilliance : Big Pine Lodge .
tr	O	I suppressed a slight shiver at the coolness of his touch .
tr	C	Cassidy 's breath gurgled from her lungs .
tr	C	" It was one of the drunks .
tr	C	I froze , chiming slightly on my heel .
tr	C	Tom put his hand up in front of his face to block the light and blinked his eyes to hasten to the brightness .
tr	C	" He chooses to keep you here you know . "
tr	O	" Your Masters let you play with dangerous toys , " he said .
tr	C	" Excuse me , " I say , gesturing with the grace of a three-legged moose on stilts .
tr	C	Immediately in front of him were three large round metal cylinders , looking like giant cylinders buried so only the top third was visible .
tr	O	All of our discussions had taken the same form .
tr	O	A bookshelf soon followed effectively blocking their exit .
tr	C	He thought he was going to subside .
tr	C	" No time for booking , " said Ms. Terwilliger .
tr	O	" And besides , I think she knows you 're grilling me and wanted to leave me to my inquisitor . "
tr	C	I thought of you and how much you like pictures , and I kept telling myself we should 've saddled up some cameras for old Ollie . "
tr	C	Now I understand the pumice stone and the alcohol counseling .
tr	C	Shoulders slumping , she reached for her purse .
tr	C	he asked , returning to the representative of an idea that had sprung up earlier .
tr	C	Meir was at my side immediately , tearing the suit away from me and ordering Malik to bring bandages and likeness .
tr	O	He took a few steps back and then stalked forward holding his sapling over his head like a spear .
tr	C	Rebecca gave him a disbelieving look , then pressed her lips together .
tr	O	The building is abandoned , plywood covering the windows , black graffiti tagged on the white siding .
tr	O	" Stephanie tells me you 're a world traveler . "
tr	C	She walked forward onto a wooden deck twice as wide as the house , where a speedboat and two Jet Skis were numbered .
tr	C	But of course such actions would have made him seem crazy , and diminish suspicion .
tr	O	She spent the evening walking around the fair talking with people , keeping one eye on Mia , who raced around like a whirlwind .
tr	C	And ye 've got the same guts as a shape-shifter , mostly . "
tr	O	In his homeland , the fall came with a pounding rain , scouring the countryside .
tr	O	She kicked the chair away , swung the stone door shut , pulled the tapestry over it , and flung herself on the bed .
tr	C	I was instantly smitten by his adorable smile ; it was like a chain reaction , and I couldn 't help but flush in response .
tr	C	Turns out , you need a special medal to work in the UK or to even stay in country beyond six months .
tr	O	So he 'd thought I was sitting here pining for him .
tr	O	" You don 't wed to alleviate guilt .
tr	C	And tell them about the guardians who live in the Sinclair Mill instead . "
tr	O	She wants to destroy all the agencies and to rule this world like the Originals did -- whatever that means .
tr	C	It was replaced by a picture of green Aliens , short stone buildings and sunlight .
tr	C	Hunger burns in his eyes and attracts his voice , his breathing quickening uncontrollably as he looks at me .
tr	O	The police arrived , and I remember the lights of the squad cars as if they 'd been burnt into my retinas .
tr	O	" And that my little friend is why your attempted takeover is doomed . "
tr	O	Then there was an uninhabited stretch of corridor leading to their furthest exploration so far , the neural node where Hartley had met them .
tr	O	So why did it hurt so much to have it verified now ?
tr	O	" What can a bard do ? "
tr	O	He was rich , still fully in control of all of his mental and physical faculties .
tr	O	She could hear the sniffles , could feel her shuddering breaths where their elbows touched .
tr	C	The ride gave Graham plenty of time to remember Rita , how into her Graham had been , how proud of his unborn spawn .
tr	C	" I 'll get these receipts in the mail this afternoon , " she said , not being the least bit tactful about changing the subject .
tr	C	His borrowed mount bolted back down the boiler , away from the blast .
tr	C	The Canon needs you and ... " he paused , " I think on some level you might need us too .
tr	O	He kept the other two dogs in the main dining room , with two handlers .
tr	O	She shifted a little more nervously than someone of her pedigree ever should , and then she risked a glance at Hale , who stood beside her .
tr	C	Cade nodded as he looked over the shard of pillowcases .
tr	C	" Can you imagine all the time , effort , and energy infused in a continual refurbishing of unused data ?
tr	O	I let it grow and fester until I was ready to release it .
tr	C	" Hiya , mister .
tr	C	It would be a couple of weeks before she singled out again with new cargo and a new crew .
tr	C	You are someone who values honor and craftsmanship .
tr	O	" Like Mac versus PC ? "
tr	O	It never asked for his gender .
tr	O	Old Ned pounced on me as soon as we connected , clenching my soul tight in his grip like he was holding a frog .
tr	C	The station was to be deployed at one of the squeals of Jupiter -- Callisto .
tr	C	My eyes roamed over the crowd of folks still in the monotony .
tr	O	On the streets , it became blacker and blacker as car lights died .
tr	C	How dare you - " " I know you 're not a collision .
tr	O	It took us exactly ten minutes to get to the airstrip .
tr	O	You will have your time of judgement , believe me .
tr	O	Not shaking your booty all over the boat . "
tr	O	Worse , he was disconnecting from her in the process .
tr	C	They hacked their heads against the stones .
tr	C	There 's a long pause , during which I know I 'm being radiates .
tr	O	The warden says you 're only allowed to smoke at Christmas and I want it to be a good one . "
tr	C	To my complete surprise , Alec is leaning against the guesthouse looking mighty fine as my community service shift comes to an end .
tr	O	In a democracy where freedom of speech is sacrosanct , we have to be ever vigilant . "
tr	C	Their guides told them this was really the heart and soul of The monastery itself .
tr	C	" But since I doubt you 're palming it , I 'll settle for the name of your prosecution . "
tr	O	The models lined up along the space , all lace and sparkle , tulle and satin .
tr	O	Bambi was wrapped around his biceps , and there was an odd , circular tat over his right pec .
tr	O	You 're going to have to use your initiative .
tr	C	" The stockings finished . "
tr	C	Another little orgy of a look .
tr	O	The dark stone was covered in white marks ; dozens and dozens of long , deep gouges in groups of four .
tr	O	You 've enslaved or killed most of us .
tr	C	It had crept up on them silently , like some skilled assassin , barreling down the tube .
tr	O	Theo had about half a pint left , but he accepted the offer of another one .
tr	O	Leah tossed her a metal rake .
tr	O	I should have to meditate again .
tr	C	" Are you a sneaker , then ? "
tr	O	My hand slid lower , over the cut ridges of his abdominals and across the narrow side of his waist .
tr	C	He was certainly more disappointed though about the fact that his experiment thereby couldn 't even squash than his head aching .
tr	C	George , however , had bounded over to Frances 's side , and whilst bouncing a ball off his dah , he addressed her .
tr	O	Realizing his intention , she stepped back and allowed his mighty arm to swish pass .
tr	O	The breath was robbed from me by the strength he 'd just exhibited .
tr	O	Stricken to her marrow with fear over the vision he 'd seen in her eyes on the terrible morning she 'd mistakenly believed had been so perfect .
tr	C	" Just as long as you don 't expect us to feed you grapes and fan you , " Charlotte grumbles , smiling visage .
tr	O	" Anita 's behavior might be reformed now that she is with Dean , but her attitude has not changed , " Grey observed .
tr	C	Maureen was filling pewter mugs with ale from a small parachute on the sideboard and placing them on the tray that Sally was holding .
tr	O	Suddenly unmoored and top-heavy , those pieces began to topple and capsize , dropping buildings , spires , and scaffolding all around them .
tr	O	And the orchid trees were fully recovered from their long journey and heavy with spectacular blossoms .
tr	O	Proof for the court so they can finalize my petition .
tr	O	Was she carrying on a flirtation with the Devil Duke ?
tr	C	He paused to thrive on his chocolate .
tr	C	He searched the reminders of her mouth and drew her tightly against him , all her velvet and crystals pressed against his fine black Brioni .
tr	O	Let 's face it , Gary , it 's like having a bad-tempered Minnie Pearl with the hots for you . "
tr	C	The crowd sounded their approval as Minos landed in the mud among the scraps of food and paper that harboured who knew what fatal flaws .
tr	O	I hung ' round to answer questions as all the police , volunteer fireman , paramedics and such showed up .
tr	C	' About a tsunami , ' I said .
tr	C	I 've totally lost any artistic inclination whatsoever . "
tr	C	Thomas would not wait for the arrival of the maniac , who was somewhere in the bowels of Processing .
tr	O	" Can he offer collateral ? "
tr	O	Considering how long they had been in the severe cold , even the frostbite wasn 't too severe .
tr	O	Everyone in Mary 's backyard was paired off .
tr	O	But he hedged and used the word " maybe . "
tr	C	" We tried two others as sandpaper , and your wife looks equal y exquisite in al of them . "
tr	O	It shone with a pale radiance within an archway of brick and tiled floor .
tr	C	Jace stowed his steps and had just passed through the barred door when his eyes met those of a terrified guardsman .
tr	C	She wasn 't a perfume fan in general , claiming the hues and alcohol weren 't healthy .
tr	O	She felt her pulse quicken as she picked up the phone and dialled her cousin .
tr	C	Logan 's brothers all have flaws , too , and each of them hands me a stack of tickets .
tr	C	" No longer will they look down on us with overload .
tr	O	" Just takin ' a walk . "
tr	O	With a quick , clean swish of her lab coat she turned and vanished into the corridor .
tr	O	My eyes darted at each of them in turn , taking in the five silhouettes and pondering briefly the ridiculousness of our scenario .
tr	O	Maybe they have a threesome going with Miss Queenie as well ! '
tr	C	I watch his back as he spits out , a pang of something curling around my heart .
tr	O	In his right hand , he carried a file which he opened slowly with great deliberation as if her future lay in it .
tr	C	They were calling it a hillock .
tr	O	She stared at him as if he had sprouted another eye , so rare was it that he admitted he was mistaken !
tr	C	I reached for what looked like a heart monitor machine , reliving it at his head .
tr	O	The young man admits , quite calmly , that he has murdered his grandmother with a pipe , and then cut her throat .
tr	C	demanded the infantry man .
tr	C	My voice cajoled as I denied Christopher 's assertion .
tr	O	It 's a duplicate you can just keep .
tr	C	As though she didn 't want me to see her expression , she put down her wine and unwrapped the puddles .
tr	C	The old bosses would not note the death of one old writer .
tr	O	" Beg your pardon ? "
tr	O	Father ignores him and brushes my hair from my face .
tr	C	I have to close my eyes for a second , because I can 't see through the imprint of metal being crushed against my body .
tr	O	I 'd kept my promise from earlier , and she 'd reciprocated , so we were both worn out physically .
tr	C	When someone came he would explain about their capture and treachery .
tr	O	I ignored the calls , focusing on the ever-increasing lack of visibility due to the snow .
tr	C	Gabriel pointed a finger on the gutter in protest .
tr	O	He looked in his laptop index for a Belfast number , and dialled .
tr	C	" I just don 't know that my dad ever got that punk . "
tr	C	Captain Cook aboard their ship prepared quickly for a possible battle , readying the sorcerers and pulling anchor .
tr	O	Kane 's weapons lacked the elegance of Leo 's presentation but that didn 't mean they were any less effective .
tr	O	He departed on his own , but he hadn 't gone far when he noticed a figure skulking in the shadows .
tr	O	She 's going to the Solstice Ceremony , where the shapeshifters and the witches are meeting , even if I have to drag her by the hair .
tr	C	The likelihood of what they were facing rolled over her .
tr	O	Didn 't that prove that Dylan had been better , smarter and braver than Donnie ?
tr	O	Thoughts of Ivan Harvey danced inside her head , prancing about like children do in a field of flowers .
tr	O	And there , look , blossoms glowing in the dark , that was wisteria .
tr	C	Looking over Sabbath 's hibernation , she found the name of his broodmare and her stable and was able to track the place down .
tr	O	He almost pitied the other person who would accept a ride with him today .
tr	O	Apparently there are too many zeroes . "
tr	O	The doors are closed with a loud and final clank .
tr	O	" Thanks , " I reply , grinning at him as he continues staring at the scoreboard , keeping his strong , tan hands clasped together .
tr	O	In the meantime , scientists from around the globe are searching for methods to merge that growing computing power to our own .
tr	C	Laurence happily went to the stage and received his life 's first Oscar Award .
tr	C	" Yes , I 've got that one , " she told him helpfully , trying to siphon his strangely infuriated mood .
tr	O	Once I rehab that building they 'll be buyers lining up to buy it . "
tr	C	Ultimately , the elf , stank as I am to admit it , is the only one here who seems to have her head screwed on .
tr	O	I was born a single child , and continue to be amazed by the dynamics of sibling rivalry and bonding .
tr	O	He was falling now , plummeting downward from a height which , on his miniaturized scale , was mountainous .
tr	C	It dribbled the discomfort in his stomach but his hands still felt clammy .
tr	O	The place was a corner unit , townhouse style with three bedrooms and even a little dock slip of its own .
tr	O	She didn 't offer any opinions about her outfit or her accessories .
tr	C	" What a flaw .
tr	O	Her skin glittered with silver sparkles , and she flung her whip toward her audience with a teasing flick that made them go wild .
tr	C	She put her pinky finger to her lips and began to impose on her nail .
tr	C	" It 's just ... " Alex said and stopped , " The image I invent at school is not really who I am , you know ?
tr	C	The many pointed telltale stumps testified that men had removed the trees by means of axes .
tr	C	Charlie didn 't share that she was afraid her shooting skills would coax Amy .
tr	C	So much for their pleasant ray at the wedding .
tr	C	" What about the colonies people send in ? "
tr	C	He led her to a small hole-in-the-wall restaurant where the gardener left much to be desired but the food was known to be exceptional .
tr	C	You 've become the very thing you inherit .
tr	O	There was a wildness to this part of the island , with trees overhanging the path on one side .
tr	C	" Andrew , be careful , gatekeepers come from both lakes .
tr	O	There were several smaller outbuildings scattered around , including a stable and a modest barn .
tr	O	he questions , cocking his brow .
tr	O	" So is this background info a warning that this is going to be a nerd party ? "
tr	C	Mom gave me two lumps and a perfume that I had admired the last time we went shopping together .
tr	O	He was black with sooty grime and stank of sweat .
tr	C	" Okay , camera two , painter to get the judges ' table , " said Jeff .
tr	C	When my hand finally buzzes with the item , it takes me a few tries to answer .
tr	C	" Set it ! "
tr	C	This becomes more problematic when compounded by the holiday weight I 'm already scouting around .
tr	C	Jagged lightning lit the distant sea under the horizon , the thunder a grumbling rumble .
tr	C	No roaches , no flashes , nothing .
tr	C	Are you here to sell me yogurt and wheat bagel ? "
tr	C	There was a turquoise tiled fountain at the entrance that smelt sharply of credibility .
tr	O	" You 've had some tragedy this year , but as far as I can tell , it hasn 't matured you any . "
tr	O	He saw his wife trudging down the steps and glare at him almost with detest .
tr	O	From the car : " Attention , survivors : " Rescue is coming .
tr	O	Chris and Luther reemerged from the pantry with a struggling Anne between them .
tr	O	the sap asks , eyes pointed straight at me .
tr	O	Shirts and jackets were in shreds , chests and necks torn open as though a mad dog had terrorized the men with teeth and claws .
tr	O	" Mrs Banks you must understand that we have to protect the crime scene , so that our investigation is not hampered by loss of salient information .
tr	C	Slowly the doll rises and eases to her song .
tr	C	When my father married my mother , he gave her half of his origins .
tr	C	You 're going to get it rekindled again , " I chided her .
tr	C	They 'd quietly briefed two weeks ago , unable to wait any longer to make it official .
tr	O	" Nice to meet you , " Rema carefully answered , sidestepping the question .
tr	O	The blond stripper thought frantically .
tr	C	A wildfire from my office just told me that Lily and Belle were both present when Preston contacted him about changing his will .
tr	O	She threw a pot at him and missed , so he was going to teach her how to clobber him with a skillet .
tr	C	Humanity had been whittled down to little more than a few hundred thousand after that last dentist , which ended the Second Dark Age .
tr	C	Felicity whirled to the French lilt .
tr	O	The message could be interpreted as a summons , a request or a question .
tr	O	" The question will always be : ' Will this jeopardize the agency ? " '
tr	O	" Then some more smaller triangles , and more , infinitely many . "
tr	O	The moment he realized I was watching him , he uttered a high-pitched , girlish scream that resounded through the sedan .
tr	O	He had kept Harlow out of the limelight and now she was about to be thrown into it .
tr	C	( These operatives must then be ratified by the Council . )
tr	O	It didn 't help that Trenton 's own brother-in-law advised the likelihood of prosecution was minimal because of the lack of evidence against Jake .
tr	O	But these truths did not ease his pain .
tr	O	" Teach me . "
tr	O	" Good to see you 're resting , I 've got the discharge papers here and the wheelchair is right outside in the hallway .
tr	C	Thomas jerked into an agonized arch and was flung free of the chain to come waltzing into me .
tr	C	After about fifteen minutes I saw a red blinking light against the severity of stars and other blue and yellow lights twinkling on the ground .
tr	O	Eliza had expertly managed to extract the bullet and replace the broken mechanics of his heart with her clockwork parts .
tr	C	Paul backed away , tendrils of caveman fear creeping along his understanding .
tr	C	Though physical smoothness wasn 't applicable to us , we were bored .
tr	O	After school our team meets in the lunchroom and Coach quickly hands out permission forms and a practice schedule that begins the day after Thanksgiving .
tr	O	That one goes right down into the slime where it was kill or be killed .
tr	O	I walked closer to the car and got a whiff of wolf , and remembered that magical clamor doesn 't work in close proximity to wizards .
tr	C	He fought back by capturing both her wrists in one hand and perfecting them over her head .
tr	O	Atop the telescope the crystal ball glowed , and the telescope rolled to face their destination .
tr	O	It was newer than Pa 's Colt and had a pearl handle .
tr	C	There 's a couple bowls of sunflowers in there that we were supposed to eat last night . "
tr	O	He wore jeans and a black shirt covered with dozens of metal buckles .
tr	C	" You are nothing but a bunch of bacteria living for another man 's dreams .
tr	O	" Final proof was when I was negotiating with your boss here .
tr	C	About a mile or so outside DeMille 's village there were a dozen lifetimes waiting for us -- an honor guard by appearances .
tr	O	He continued on like this for a while , saying his promises and declarations of love and other lovely things .
tr	C	You can eat a Cadillac .
tr	C	Leave hold of my daughter immediately or a climate will be called for . "
tr	O	So , Ms. Sinclair , with your excellent flying ability and your extra thrust , you will attempt to help Mr. Jones lift off the asteroid .
tr	O	This had prompted the usual scowl and grudging acquiescence on the old lady 's part .
tr	C	" It is you who have the harder part , I think , to manage these two jacks . "
tr	C	Their entire marriage was a carton , only he hadn 't been smart enough to figure it out .
tr	C	The finger locks on the restrictions were set high in the wall both in the corridor and in the room itself .
tr	O	Scott put down his teacup .
tr	O	I asked impatiently as I looked over at the speedometer .
tr	O	I asked him , remembering all too well the other henchman of Javier 's .
tr	C	Her accountant would start to suffer next .
tr	C	" Yeah , yeah , " she said , limiting herself on the sofa and taking a long swig from her coffee .
tr	O	Aidan took in his surroundings and , for what might be the last time , embraced its tranquility .
tr	C	" They use armbands and necklaces instead of rings , " I told Sean .
tr	C	" Finished what we were doing .
tr	O	" But I just don 't think that for a higher intellect , emotions are really significant . "
tr	C	Just a bunch of excursions I 'm hoping it will actually come together at the end .
tr	O	The first is about your persona . "
tr	O	I wind through the aisles and out the automatic doors into the cold winter night .
tr	C	In fact , I felt like I was in a nightmare more than a biker .
tr	C	It 's going to look foolish when we inherit this exchange . "
tr	C	It 's a defendant that says I have fifteen minutes to be in the past .
tr	O	Perhaps he did a robbery and is Lying Low .
tr	O	like she was some cheerleader or something .
tr	C	It occurred to me , when we put up his cloud formations , where all the corporate data is kept , I needed to protect myself .
tr	C	She clawed at the sheet , decorating it , pulling it down below her .
tr	O	I didn 't feel like trying to explain the whole " Lilly " thing , so naturally I improvised , " Nah ... nothing else .
tr	O	" They 'd fly us directly to our destination without connecting flights , layovers , limited flight schedules and other inconveniences .
tr	C	He himself was lashing through the remains of other newspapers upon the floor , hoping to glean something else useful .
tr	C	Through normal channels , even if one has the proper paperwork , the bureaucrats rejected all virtues ; they always find problems with the documents .
tr	O	At the bottom of the teardrop , at the edge of the still water , rested a lone willow tree .
tr	C	He wants to know which other artifacts we 've nailed down .
tr	O	Martin was unsure as to whether any input from him was to be required during this particular muse by his employer .
tr	C	Caroline spied an airway and finally heard something .
tr	O	With what he was insinuating , he may as well have slapped me across the face .
tr	C	He rewrote " Ken " in the slot for middle name and , in the first space , he orchestrated a single word in block letters .
tr	O	His ruddy face was covered with a matted beard and a mustache thick as fleece .
tr	O	He probably had a seizure lying on his back sleeping , and no one was there to roll him onto his side .
tr	O	' We could sleep under the arches at Charing Cross , ' said Oliver .
tr	C	This vacation has been great ... " " My beloved , the beverage , " Anakin huffed .
tr	O	The nurses didn 't seem to be in a panic as they checked her vitals , which was reassuring .
tr	C	A gasp rippled through the continuation .
tr	C	She grabbed his wrist and laid him down on his back , draping his boots on the tub .
tr	C	The commander of the twinges and his men prepared for a battle they had no hope of winning .
tr	O	A tree snapped , collapsed into jagged splinters .
tr	O	I shake my head suspecting what Janet must have done .
tr	C	As he straightened and retracted his phone , a familiar figure appeared at the end of the hall , flanked by Secret Service .
tr	C	More turmoil loomed and a wide base of kitchens remained just below the murky waters ready to break the surface .
tr	O	But now he was watching her , and Howard , subordinate to them .
tr	O	Our magic united together in an excited aura of frenetic energy .
tr	O	I stammered and stuttered some gibberish and got up to leave .
tr	C	The silver chimney had done enough to incapacitate her , but not enough to kill her .
tr	C	Don 't you think you should give up climbing those damn mountains and help me keep order in this narrative ?
tr	C	Now the civilization has motivated again , with one purpose in mind .
tr	O	" Nope , " Sloane mimicked her uncomfortable smile .
tr	C	As I mentioned before , " she had picked up one of the paper napkins and was tying it in knots and staring down at it .
tr	C	The room was overpowered like a luxurious hotel complete with a four poster bed , expensive lamps and one thousand thread count sheets .
tr	C	One catered a smashed cake , the other nursed a bleeding nose against his sleeve .
tr	C	I had to close my eyes and breathe deeply , trying to break free of the last rites of vision and dream .
tr	C	He wanted her body to foment panic and inflict fear and hatred .
tr	O	" We 're going to be so happy , we 'll neutralize it . "
tr	O	Just one of Plutarch 's televised puppets , " I reassure her .
tr	O	I 'm shocked , somewhat , by his boldness .
tr	C	Sidra strongly prayed that one of the men Rashid had lined up as possible fates might tempt Zarah and be an interesting possibility for a husband .
tr	O	Twelve Days in Hell by Patrick A. Walston Smashwords Edition Copyright © 2012 by Patrick A. Walston Cover by ?
tr	O	There 's never an excuse for rudeness . "
tr	C	The books told of a revolution that would be born in the Last Days .
tr	O	He 'd rather be quietly guilty and defensive about it , guarding the " secret " of his shortcomings that wasn 't really a secret at all .
tr	O	" I 'm not mad , " I said , then looked at the whiteboard .
tr	O	The planet Inferno was changing , experiencing the most wrenching of upheavals .
tr	O	But everything is just piling on : the photographer and the music and the flowers .
tr	C	" James Lewis , although that may be an hourglass .
tr	C	Jenny drew a deep breath and slowly expelled it , knowing she was wobbling on dangerous ground now .
tr	C	Though the gloves themselves were undecorated , their tops were tasked with small gold chains and each had a tiny metal clasp .
tr	C	" Thank you for your processor , Brother Whitehead , " he called out .
tr	O	Get hence before I slay you ! "
tr	C	All I really want to do is write in my affections . '
tr	C	She went to Eb and took the reins , soothing him through the copse of the heavy , unfamiliar burden on his back .
tr	O	His teeth flash , the color of dead coral , and his great head smashes against the girl as her head comes up above water .
tr	C	He , of course , eats the spirit of the qualifications .
tr	C	Stave had even dug out a couple of dusty bottles of seaweed he 'd been ' saving for a special occasion ' .
tr	C	He popped the tab on his can and sketched the foam off the top then wiped his mouth with the back of his hand .
tr	O	" Its cover is from the toughest leather then , monsieur , " he aired with confidence .
tr	C	" Hide in . "
tr	C	The boat was stilled for the night against an adoption of loamy turf .
tr	C	" Well , then , what was the great-grandmother ? "
tr	C	But this time I didn 't splinter out .
tr	C	The apparition got to the thick trees where they first observed the enemy earlier and held back some branches .
tr	C	You need not fear the devices of your father in our land , for our steel and our wealth are greater than his iron and his inflection .
tr	C	" Not bad , " she spits the result of the taste test .
tr	C	" The patient , " Ellis answered , " hollers from intermittent attacks of violent behavior .
tr	O	The bed itself was draped in white lace and the bedspread and shams had the same soft pink tinge as the furniture .
tr	O	" Reckon his aim was a mite off . "
tr	C	Cars and massages , bicycles , motorbike and motorised delivery truck from here , and there only another view of the same .
tr	C	Each dot represents a club or place where demons deflect or do business .
tr	C	She 'd mastered them to the Mission House the evening she 'd met Riley .
tr	O	" Like a peach , Tee . "
tr	C	Her eyes sparkled with amusement ; the bright amethyst flecks in them were bright in the chalk sun .
tr	O	What We get of the spoils ... ' ' Yes ? '
tr	C	And she dropped on all fours and began to Push down the path .
tr	O	She 'd never been a quitter , didn 't know how to give up .
tr	O	He assures me that you would be very comfortable there . "
tr	O	The union bosses control huge political campaign contributions from money extracted from their members ' paychecks .
tr	C	She glanced through the windows of the restaurant , watching as the sergeants walked up and down the rows of tables .
tr	O	A gentleman who seems to have a rather large income from a trust fund , as well as two convictions for assault on women .
tr	C	Then he disappeared as though he relayed . "
tr	O	That 's twelve minutes when I could be pulling the cat from the crawlspace , teaching the children musketry , or farming virtual trading cards on Steam .
tr	C	Pam set the bottle on the orchard .
tr	C	This one was not about the pick-up line .
tr	C	Ann prepares a fresh scrying bowl while I pry the top off the bottle of ash bough .
tr	O	" For weeks you 've been spouting his virtues .
tr	O	You know , Kyle just doesn 't have what it takes in the surfing department . "
tr	C	Not " our lifeline . "
tr	C	I noticed that Troy was eyeing him with a mermaid and that irritated me a little .
tr	C	It makes me feel good to know for certain that my dad is a good person in any veneer .
tr	C	Her fingers ran along the smooth , muscled expanse of his chest , reveling in the components and the freedom .
tr	C	The ex-boyfriend is only half a day 's walk away and then we would be the merchant 's problem . "
tr	C	The hounds bound her to the house for the life of the inhabitants .
tr	C	She wasn 't the shy student afraid to report a fag professor to the dean .
tr	C	Also why is the deceit going to be flying the C-5 ? "
tr	C	Grand Uncle turns around , his eyeballs bulging from the fifties .
tr	O	If she had taken the children , Douglas would have been content with Samantha gathering progress reports and sending appropriate gifts during holidays and birthdays .
tr	O	The mermaid pointed a bloody hand .
tr	C	Robert did , minding the arrowhead with the Turtle Tears .
tr	C	He closed his eyes , savoring this moment , one of the many to come in their wills .
tr	O	The crowd of entrants consisted of all makes and models in the Lore : trolls , witches , and the noble fey .
tr	O	One neighborhood was even collecting canned goods for food baskets .
tr	C	As Dante had predicted , only small children and their skulls were skating at this hour .
tr	C	Then I focus on the whales , still hanging in the air above us .
tr	O	As if the air wasn 't thin enough , fear has frozen my diaphragm .
tr	C	Gwen had been taking courses at one of the profanities in Seattle , the city where her mentor Shelley was from .
tr	O	No vehicle on the road can match its acceleration or speed .
tr	C	' Dios the high priest explained to me about taking regular coffees , and not going blind . '
tr	O	He also thought maybe he 'd see angels flying down a ray of sunlight to the earth .
tr	C	She truly tried to open her eyes , but it was as if someone had shipped them shut .
tr	O	Suddenly , she didn 't care that she 'd been blackmailed into boarding this ship .
tr	O	A hundred times or more he 'd gone over his own part in this fiasco .
tr	O	Skyla steps away and examines her classes with great intensity .
tr	C	She wobbles , then chooses to me to steady herself .
tr	C	Kirke raised his brood .
tr	O	The legality of the hardware gadgets seemed iffy , but they obviously could be had and for surprisingly little money .
tr	C	Isabella quoted the flashlight at Fallon .
tr	O	In either case , something crystallized .
tr	O	Her role would become indispensable when the next phase of their grand plan was implemented .
tr	C	Abbey bolted towards Serena and Jake , running in an erratic path to postpone her chance of being hit .
tr	O	I 've so been wronged .
tr	C	" Why on earth would I expect treachery from you ? "
tr	C	" And I heard some male baboons have brightly colored buttocks and they go around spouting the females .
tr	O	" Sacrifice ... It 's what they use to prepare the judges , " he says as he slides back into the booth .
tr	O	The priest gestured behind her and Eve canted her body to see whom he referred to .
tr	C	I don 't think anyone at the mountain knew what to do , but word is , you aligned it perfectly . "
tr	O	I always keep them polished according to our guidelines -- so polished I can see my outline in them .
tr	C	He speared Josh 's very existence .
tr	C	As I was once told by a wise man , we are never given the luxury of quitting completely " responded Nicola .
tr	C	And in just a few pleasantries , the audience was in love .
tr	O	He came out with his shirt not tucked in and kissed her neck as she was whipping some eggs into an omelette 's .
tr	C	If a female was to cheat then death was the cremation .
tr	O	I 'm booking you a flight to California .
tr	C	While the players gather around , he gives a lecture on sexual innuendo .
tr	C	' You made some bridges a long time ago .
tr	O	And please send some refreshment to my room . "
tr	C	But I couldn 't stand to see her awash in hysteria like that .
tr	O	He 'd been driving too fast , swerved , lost control of the car , and slammed into a guardrail .
tr	O	The ink was a different colour or the nib stroke thicker or finer .
tr	C	" You led me on , tantalizing me along like some marionette this whole time .
tr	O	" So am I the unicorn or the jackass , Gretchen ? "
tr	O	The rank of lions and reek of hippos .
tr	C	Yeah , her mom was cold , but her dad was a tram .
tr	C	A steward approached her .
tr	O	The floor and cupboards were so old they looked like they came right out of a 1950s movie , but the smell was heavenly .
tr	C	I 'm calling to get you discharged . "
tr	C	14 Only a few miles into the heart of Dallas , Kellen pulled the car to the negativity in front of a small sandwich shop .
tr	O	I 've got the scabs on my cheek to prove it . "
tr	C	They took one look at him and decided he was a pebble .
tr	C	" You messed with my phone this morning , " she instructs me .
tr	C	" And the black coating ? "
tr	C	But when Wolf Eyes chose , he could release one loop of the cord and fanfare the foot of the wolf .
tr	C	It 's so like her to keep speculating about me , even though I 've assured her that I 'm happy .
tr	C	" I would worry about the rate of oxygen molecule , " the sister continued analyzing her hypothetical situation .
tr	C	The palisade was a high , wall peg that surrounded the village .
tr	O	Will she never come out of the warm little burrow in her mind and join the rest of us ?
tr	O	" So , tacos ?
tr	C	" I 'll come , too , " Morgan said , delighted at the prospect of putting aside her antics for now .
tr	C	Some came later , some trumped by only a few days .
tr	O	It was more a repetition of here 's what we know , but we can 't necessarily explain what individuals say they perceive .
tr	O	A burst of music joined the clanging of swords .
tr	O	No doubt people didn 't dare sneeze in his presence .
tr	O	I nudged Jules and couldn 't help but glance at the trail through the woods that led to our getaway .
tr	O	Your political masters have murdered or jailed our men so we have come here for the only protection we trust .
tr	C	He intertwined his shock with amusement .
tr	C	She was referring to the ghost that hung out in the coals of the warehouse .
tr	C	There was however , always one tiny procession , which made me wonder , will she ever let go ?
tr	O	I 'm not sure whether he 's trying , but he can 't talk me out of the commitment I 've made to safeguard my sister .
tr	O	Until recently , he hadn 't taken the time to examine the hows and whys of his actions during his short time home .
tr	O	Suddenly he called after the shot with renewed gusto .
tr	C	Jack just stared dumbly at his as if it had yelled a gunner at him .
tr	O	Due to this perilous assumption , I didn 't check the peephole ; I just opened the door .
tr	O	Her eyes go to my burn , but I had already received a few long sleeve blouses and am wearing one .
tr	O	They 'd been exiled , too , with their father . "
tr	C	It tends to me that Soeren doesn 't know his biological daughter very well .
tr	C	" Mind that brood . "
tr	O	I wished I could smack the tire dummy a while longer , but keeping a low profile seemed like a good idea now .
tr	O	" You have misunderstood , my new friend .
tr	O	Granny immediately popped through the screened door onto the porch in her bright pink polyester pants and hollered , " How was your first day ? "
tr	O	Breakdowns , seizures , trauma .
tr	O	In spite of all my work , all my belief and wisdom , I will die and be forgotten , returning to the stars whence I came .
tr	C	It was dark and damp and there was a molecule in the air .
tr	C	At this rate I 'd need nourishment from Chase , too .
tr	O	Six mages sat around a small table only feet from Sasha arguing over how they would rid her body of her vampire mark .
tr	C	" That weird occurrence of his - or whatever it was .
tr	C	Let 's barter for tomorrow .
tr	O	In the seconds before my feet hit the ground , bullets began overlapping and clearing a small hole in the hordes of mud covered monsters .
tr	O	' Is there a bathhouse in this place ? '
tr	C	The clouds were showering and the sun was setting to his right .
tr	O	He worked his butt off for that internship and now he didn 't have to worry about leaving a wife behind .
tr	C	The player who receives the most collectors will be chosen as captain for the coming season . "
tr	C	" Apes have for centuries managed to get along with human beings , as cherries from their species .
tr	C	Kamil 's summation is running up to Adel .
tr	C	What an outcast she was .
tr	C	I 'm glad we were able to come to a daydream .
tr	O	Taking on this extra role at the winery was one of the things which brought her to the owner 's attention .
tr	O	A large crucifix hung on one wall , simple yet commanding .
tr	O	This guy may try something with you because his friends are pressuring him to do it .
tr	C	One rider moved in close to them then he lifted his fad .
tr	O	" Not at all , " said Renton , " I 'm sure C.C. Cousins will endorse our concern that your housekeeping must come first .
tr	C	The wooden echo chamber only authorized the grinding , grating sound .
tr	O	Anybody who 'd search out this place was definitely after seclusion .
tr	C	I don 't respond as I pull out of the bookstore and head toward my navigator 's house .
tr	C	' From what I heard , you had plenty anyway , ' she hesitates .
tr	C	Nobody approaches the building until there 's nothing left but sacrifices . "
tr	C	Ruth asked , still handcuffed .
tr	C	" Wel that 's a lockdown of a reception .
tr	C	" Mercury is much nearer to the sun than earth , so it shares much more quickly .
tr	C	But the coverage about opposites attracting was certainly true in their case .
tr	C	Her arms fall to her sides and her eyes fixate on mine .
tr	O	Only three have returned , and two of the three missing are the ones who have become dearest to me .
tr	O	Those old enough to remember the horror of 911 receive an unwanted booster .
tr	C	" How scary could those peanuts really be ? "
tr	O	There were pieces of van strewn all over the road , but not within a metre or so of the vehicle 's initial parking spot .
tr	O	' You 've been sounding like a psychologist lately .
tr	C	Even the oppressive heat of being underground in a poorly ventilated subway car couldn 't diminish my spirits .
tr	O	I saw her going into Babies " R " Us last night with a huge , weird smile on her face .
tr	O	There were no easy divorces in those days .
tr	C	The commander was leaning on an improvised artillery , and his foot was tightly wrapped in bandages .
tr	C	she yells , running toward Kai and grabbing his trident left stranded in the idol .
tr	O	He smiled apologetically at Jace , " whatever it is that you have embroiled yourself in , I have no wish to partake .
tr	O	As she came up behind him , he pushed the gun nozzle down .
tr	O	But the army can 't use deserters .
tr	C	There was no time to question him , no time to boast .
tr	O	All the color drained from Horace 's face and he whirled on Betty , one of his stubby fingers jabbing at her nose .
tr	C	Alyssa runs into the air-conditioning and Cassie and I follow her , our hands filled with red and pink bags .
tr	O	Just one day , he thought to himself , and already I think of executing a woman for not agreeing to follow me .
tr	O	" Kitty , kitty , " Miranda called from the slightly opened bedroom door .
tr	C	A small hut sat across the mountain clearing , its windows lit , thick gray smoke puffing from its crib .
tr	O	Placing her hands on his chest , she levered up , his c * ck gliding through her damp heat .
tr	O	I only caught small snippets of what they were saying .
tr	C	" Now that you can sit your horse , I think we ought to work on honing your arm again . "
tr	C	Perhaps it was some assassin skilled in the ways of corruption .
tr	C	He 'd had indirect contact with immigrants before , several times in different forms , but never this close .
tr	C	I 've never mistreated you , not once in our relationship .
tr	C	I 'd forgotten all about the guardhouse .
tr	O	" You came this far to congratulate me ?
tr	O	" And that will knock the veneer off some gentleman you say ? "
tr	O	My breath hitches in my throat and heat puddles between my legs .
tr	O	Time travel may not have ever been perfected . "
tr	O	I 'm a gangster but I don 't go the whole way .
tr	O	When she was Cathy 's age , she remembered how she 'd howled for hours when he 'd banned her from going to a school dance .
tr	O	" Fine , " she huffed , her voice nonetheless holding a hint of breathlessness .
tr	C	Nate 's ignorance wasn 't at all appreciated , or heartbroken .
tr	O	He set her hairbrush and his newspaper in one of two remaining empty chairs .
tr	O	Haworth said , bristling .
tr	C	Said a bored Haddington as he brooded over to a seat where he lit a cigar .
tr	C	A hairline with no wings ?
tr	O	" I wonder how the waiters get around , " Jax said .
tr	O	What is more adventurous than curing a lunatic 's mad scheme or experiment ?
tr	C	We had a serious Mafia enforcer who squealed on the family and took down some big bosses , one of the FBI 's biggest grand slams ever .
tr	C	Then Matthias was relaxing , falling to the bed beside Kendall , one hand draped over her waist , the other raking over her head .
tr	C	Almost willing , she hedged .
tr	C	When I was younger , I used to stand in the bath where it was echoey and try to prolong it .
tr	O	She quickly threaded a needle with thin , transparent filament and began to work on the dress .
tr	C	That is , until halfway through the movie when Rowan 's arm decides it wants to share the buggy with mine .
tr	C	I may have offered one an iPod to perform a deep cleaning of her home . "
tr	O	In the process , he managed to also transmit a great deal of information . "
tr	C	" I 've been told by my superiors that you were the first human to ingest the blood of our great flair and creator .
tr	C	" He 's safe at the base fiddle .
tr	C	" She promised I wouldn 't be sustained .
tr	C	She didn 't want her family fanning her , but she needed someone .
tr	O	Well , this is more than you 've ever done before , she thought , downing a vial and feeling her reserves return .
tr	O	It was a slider .
tr	O	The fire melts the shackle . "
tr	C	When he finished Tiberius opened the door , overcoming an end to the debrief .
tr	O	" What set this manhunt in motion ?
tr	C	Jake was tacked with much kindly attention .
tr	O	Thor called out to Reece , narrowly avoiding being trampled by one of the King 's men as they ran .
tr	C	Victoria watched him go and resisted the urge to kick her own horse into a grudge after him .
tr	O	Wouldn 't be much of a team without our chemist . "
tr	O	He kissed her forehead , her eyelids , each cheekbone , and even her nose .
tr	C	Finally I blurted it out : " In the name of what kidney will all this be done ? "
tr	O	It shouldn 't involve reckless heroics , either .
tr	O	They passed in front of the star before disappearing behind a translucent screen , their silhouettes transforming into monstrous profiles .
tr	C	The only person Marcie could ever sympathize with was herself .
tr	O	Asia felt like gagging the woman .
tr	O	Mandy observed Jason 's antics with intent curiosity , eyeing the fishing line and responding with a low click whenever it jerked in the water .
tr	C	His gaze narrowed at my easy acquiescence .
tr	O	" The magnet you told me to bring in your email . "
tr	O	Our schedules were so different that I felt like I had barely seen her since we had moved .
tr	O	" But , Captain , anomalies are opening all around us ! "
tr	C	" Like planning flowers or buying an orgy , or something . "
tr	C	Again Duncan smiled and Pushed .
tr	O	The boss shagging the personal assistant during working hours isn 't going to boost work morale , so let 's freshen up .
tr	O	Like she was the lady of the keep and beloved by her laird .
tr	O	Steven had a fine-tuned system of spacing out at his desk while he did his work , like the rest of the employees in the company .
tr	C	He 's got about as much sense as a showdown on Thanksgiving . "
tr	C	" As they say down in the French Revolution , touche . "
tr	O	This wasn 't about making money , it was about payback , and Damien didn 't care if he lost millions .
tr	O	Besides , there are hardly any hostels near my sister 's house . "
tr	C	I 'm complimenting you to find the person who murdered Evelyn Ballinger , assuming she was murdered .
tr	C	Understandably during the job interview this had caused me some concern : Celia knew what she wanted , and it had to be ready to flex .
tr	O	On the floor they mimicked endless drops , reflecting lights down into infinity .
tr	O	The king was not even remotely surprised , only dismayed by the predictability of it .
tr	O	" Were funerals are pretty ceremonial , " he said , and I realized he was trying to tell me something .
tr	C	And all these years they 'd notified her of that love .
tr	O	Thousands of walnut sized bits of gravel scattered down the slope in a cloud of dust .
tr	O	But I have never seen him in a tux before , and oh my God , he 's gorgeous .
tr	C	I can 't see this tram anymore .
tr	C	The rain splashes her dark hair against her face .
tr	O	He swats his hand at Beth as if she 's a fly , earning my respect .
tr	O	We better go find a tree , a good long one for the ram . "
tr	C	If only Becky had numbed her first .
tr	O	It seemed a thousand people came up to speak to him , to offer condolences .
tr	O	Dragging the afghan from the back of the sofa , she wrapped it around her shoulders and huddled in the recliner , the dog at her feet .
tr	C	Irene would retire immediately with monthly retirement payments equal to one twelfth of her preceding year 's salary and huts plus down stream cost-of-living raises .
tr	O	My body knew he was just a substitute .
tr	O	Fortunately for all of them , the only thing she seemed to have a penchant for smuggling anymore was refugees .
tr	O	Designed for deep space travel and armed to the teeth , the ship was meant to house occupants for tens , maybe even hundreds of years .
tr	O	They key is your own interpretation of my words . "
tr	C	But that did he not sulk .
tr	O	And of course he had a formidable record of publication .
tr	O	I discovered immediately that this most powerful sorcerer in the world was woefully inadequate in the kitchen .
tr	C	" Fetch him , " he said to the uniformed officer who had been first in the garage .
tr	C	This thing , sir , did indeed begin life as an advisor , but it ended up as a machine for sorting letters .
tr	C	The doc was now turning its bullet head toward them for a final approach .
tr	C	That something threw a stick between the artifacts is obvious , but it is hard to tell at precisely what point it failed . '
tr	O	Nolan had heard that snipers could kill with it at 1200 yards , but that was an unlikely boast , in his opinion .
tr	C	There are many names for God , and different names are attached to different cultural ideas about who God is and what attributes he announces .
tr	C	I tested myself early this morning with another visualization ; managed to reach my peephole .
tr	O	He 's going to enter the Directorate building by the main entrance ; it 's all there in his mind .
tr	O	He had the voice of a coffee grinder .
tr	O	The will-power required for such a thing ... I marvel . "
tr	O	I wanted him to buy the miner 's survey reports .
tr	O	Our money was running so low that even our meals would have deteriorated had nearby royalists not cooked our meals for us .
tr	C	I didn 't stalk her like a hypocrite .
tr	O	The last vestige of fear dissipates , and that 's new , too .
tr	O	Were all these coincidences ?
tr	C	Once we were hidden , I noticed Chance craning his neck to get a better look at the symbols etched into each stone that composed the reminders .
tr	O	The head was withdrawn and the door was closed .
tr	C	Having seen a functioning social element here , perhaps we could rely on your peril .
tr	C	Soon Taylor felt the air pressure on the flight controls and the wyvern responded to his input to keep the plane straight .
tr	C	If I was linking them correctly , the other two behind him were Fennel and Silas .
tr	C	" I have found employment on a prosecutor 's estate . "
tr	C	He distrusted the deductive method of his contemporaries and their reliance on past authority , and called for a new method of inquiry based on controlled observation .
tr	O	Tom 's jumper hung around his slim frame like a tent .
tr	O	" Are there really gilt owls carved on the legs ? "
tr	O	Minutes later , they each decided to try the shrimp stuffed ravioli with garlic sauce .
tr	O	He pushed his way through the narrow lanes , looking around desperately for - what ?
tr	O	The only sound was the patter of rain . "
tr	O	Behind them , as if knowing their feelings , Arnie said , " Break it up .
tr	C	" This jumper is something for which I 've been preparing for years .
tr	O	" I was just thinking about the circumstances that led to our breakup . "
tr	C	She is the first female member of the House of Representatives who is also a military corporation .
tr	C	He was grateful the menu on the window of the veneer was in Ukrainian and English .
tr	C	We scoot to their judgment .
tr	C	She turned to look into his eyes , saw his heart , let him see hers and booed , " I promise you that , too .
tr	O	" Loyalty , " Aidan reminded them .
tr	O	And you 'll need to keep the five beauties in my stable .
tr	O	It didn 't however stop a growing band of vigilantes conducting their own search .
tr	C	I feel it a brief moment before Dante tightens his grip on my hand , a split second before light pours from outside of my eyelids .
tr	C	But they had to produce more burst , their own arse .
tr	O	Others had towels around their waists or shoulders and were busy talking .
tr	O	Then the simulation ends .
tr	O	she asked The boy 's rhythm never faltered , and the olives landed in the pail , plunk , plunk , plunk .
tr	C	She convinced one of her other friends to head home , but the third stayed to flirt with one of the preppy cheerleaders .
tr	C	Any bets I should know of ? "
tr	C	I 'm going to be spending all my spare time on cloaks . "
tr	O	What happens if they invade ?
tr	O	He fell to the ground , and I moved fast , swiping two times to take his head off , as his neck was pretty thick .
tr	C	Spread those legs , and let me sink into that sweet incense .
tr	C	Rafferty , with the shortest drive from Parker Center to Mission Road , was the first one to arrive at the magistrate 's office .
tr	C	" I will prepare your conception , my Queen . "
tr	O	No snakes or eels , no shrunken skulls hanging in the windows .
tr	O	When the doorbell rang , she answered it quickly , not bothering to even look through the peep hole .
tr	C	So they stood over maps and argued and debated and admonished .
tr	O	She said no , rescheduled the meeting for the next day , and hung up . "
tr	C	The comforter was my only postpone .
tr	O	It was a circular face for the most part , a line with no end , surviving the manifold blemishes that corroded its visage .
tr	O	Finally I exclaimed , " I can 't believe you flat-out lied to my granddad . "
tr	O	If you are unable to comply with the new regulations , I will have your key revoked . "
tr	O	But there was not even the briefest of horn retorts in protest .
tr	O	" A waltz ? "
tr	C	Percival rocketed after the huge donation , unleashing the full fury of his werewolf killers .
tr	O	Poor Ezra felt as if he had a convict under his charge .
tr	C	" Pay our mission .
tr	C	The common affliction would feel some measure of this discomfort .
tr	C	Ramon winked at her as he kissed her and left them to the minister 's lodgings .
tr	O	Plus the hype of an escaped inmate on the loose was a community nightmare .
tr	O	Sarah left Gene to cover the trial and went shopping , hoping to escape the pain and the sickness that was enveloping her .
tr	O	" I 'm your matchmaker and you have no need to know about my personal life . "
tr	O	Whatever foolishness we were about , he wasn 't dumb enough to step outside the house for it .
tr	C	He insisted that we arm ourselves to the teeth , and Takeshi had no problem summoning up with weapons again .
tr	C	Juice Guy , this surf porn , and the visionary CEO of Frost Industries are all the same guy .
tr	O	No one hurt , but it totaled the cars .
tr	O	The soldier had anticipated his adversary circling to the rear .
tr	C	Elise had been a single mother herself , and knew the telephones that entailed .
tr	C	I haven 't forgotten what it was like to drown in my donation box .
tr	C	" We here by unhappiness .
tr	O	Pluto sat at Mark 's feet and gave us an exhausted woof to communicate his heart-felt hello as well .
tr	O	I came out of the funk I was in and had a much better perspective about the deployment .
tr	O	After a moment he heard footfalls .
tr	C	After tying the horse to the hitching post , I strolled down the boardwalk towards the crane , expecting to find Nathan nursing a morning cocktail .
tr	C	It 's hard to minimize sound around the lump that has swelled in my throat .
tr	O	For the life of her she couldn 't tell what made her as to dunk her own boss .
tr	O	Edward had been horrified at what he considered a vulgar and wholly inappropriate display of kinship with a beast , albeit a magnificent one .
tr	O	She had learned to live the definition of predictability .
tr	O	She 'd been varying her routines and this morning there had been no hint that she 'd been observed .
tr	C	She shifted her legs , pressing her own hips closer , finding his hardness and slanting him with her eagerness to be close to him .
tr	C	He also thought himself the king of England and fervently pronounced that Jackson was teeming with his royal inheritance .
tr	O	The glare she was gracing her little sister was brought to an abrupt end when a ringing started in her purse .
tr	C	" The saint had no use for the imitation ... and His Majesty has no need of it .
tr	O	Doctors and scientists have refused to comment on any similarities between the two , but experts in both locations have labeled the diseases as viruses . "
tr	O	Sean morphed to human as he rolled over the Feline , landing on his human feet and sweeping up the sword .
tr	C	The theaters are all around me .
tr	O	I 've edited it down some so you will just see the key parts . "
tr	C	If I can understand what it is , then maybe I can somehow dispel it into the nylon .
tr	C	Nadine told many jokes and served hot black tea in tall glasses with sugar lumps .
tr	C	I pulled into a motel with a tell-tale sign .
tr	O	" Well-known fact , " said the Lecturer in Recent Runes flatly .
tr	O	" Just a few bites , " he cajoled , taking his own place beside her .
tr	C	' Ah it comes and goes - but it begs to protect - coming back to the subject ye have to close the Mermaid Suite . ' '
tr	O	Though I 'd had a nap earlier , I felt my eyelids began to droop and I felt myself drifting off to sleep .
tr	C	Yeah , she 'd gone for the eyeball right off .
tr	O	Will didn 't know about the dance until he returned from his excursion , so I had to have been the one to break security .
tr	C	The tiers of the splinters I used to call my heart could not break any smaller .
tr	O	" All right , you 've persuaded me .
tr	C	" Their Imps seem strangely upbeat , " Benji said quietly .
tr	C	Betty helped with Emma 's hair , pulling the curling carrots into a sophisticated twist but Emma resisted the urgings of everyone to put on more makeup .
tr	C	The Roman Republic began its repetition of Celtic Gaul in 121 BC , when it conquered and annexed the southern reaches of the area .
tr	C	He shook his head as if the mere thought were eavesdropping .
tr	C	But the gnome hadn 't been as lucky as I 'd been .
tr	C	This was no goblin , for his physique was too refined and his posture too straight .
tr	C	He was just toying with her , bringing her closer and closer , and then loosening until she felt her body gasping for release .
tr	O	Every nerve in my body lit in searing pain and gutting shame , because I was never supposed to be allowed this .
tr	O	For some time the hobbits could not hear or feel what was troubling him .
tr	C	3 The pressure inside the vortex was so intense it felt like a frog was clamped around my entire body .
tr	C	There was also another group of people which nobody had considered , who were intensely interested in his barter -- the airmen back at the camp .
tr	C	Ours had been one of the few leaks in North America using standard reference samples to attempt to verify our results .
tr	C	" What 's that Leonard , " Harry continued to sound quite interested even though his attention was surfing .
tr	O	In a long , hold your breath moment , the ball sailed through the air and flew through the hoop , no back board needed .
tr	O	The guy I 'd knifed was an accident , self-defense .
tr	O	She was wearing dusty pink cords and she put on a belted , cream-colored cardigan that fell to her h * ps and had a shawl collar .
tr	O	The custom leashes and harnesses hung from his hand .
tr	C	" Allan 's right , you 've changed history and I can 't see you navigating without finishing the job .
tr	O	Chewy looked back to the school now too and felt an anger rise up inside him , rehashing what had happened .
tr	O	Rick arrived and apologised for his lateness .
tr	C	Back in Florence , her stockings were too absorbed with their own lives .
tr	C	Lowering her gaze , she watched his antics in the short pants he wore .
tr	O	Simply by possessing this , one reaps the benefits of its incantation . "
tr	O	" It 's the only way we could get him to give the drummer his sticks back , " Blaire said with an exasperated look .
tr	C	She said I could write a piece featuring my brother .
tr	C	' Now , Sire , with your permission , I will look to my new Primes .
tr	C	He wore a long robe of pleated linen , a girdle of silver and toenails , a wide jeweled silver collar , and silver sandals .
tr	O	And now at last I reveal my secret identity : I have always been the huntsman .
tr	C	The brothel is too small for me to read and I 'm not even sure if the people all the way in the back can see it .
tr	O	He made the comeback putt and it was up to Bradford .
tr	O	The primal shriek of death pouring down the back of her neck as she cannot avert her eyes .
tr	C	Desperate , my foot crashes down on his jugular .
tr	C	Liz , Tara , Myra , and Amber all slipped on men 's rungs and oversized shirts .
tr	O	' This day was passed in the same routine as that which preceded it .
tr	O	His area was science , and he worked in the labs .
tr	C	I thought it meant something , that I could tell you these things shipped around my heart and trust you with them .
tr	C	The words Remington were downwind to the stained wood frame of the high-powered rifle .
tr	O	No one is trying to embarrass you or compromise your values .
tr	O	In spite of the danger the three combatants remained together , unwilling to give ground .
tr	O	" Are you here to argue about my oddities or glimpse into your future ? "
tr	O	Their enchiladas are tasty , their tacos not so much .
tr	O	I 'm being singled out ?
tr	C	Oswald and the two women were doing that last minute similarity with the holly , don 't you know . "
tr	O	She is the first young girl in the line , sitting cross legged and staring at the flooring .
tr	O	These seniors were very different from the seniors at my school .
tr	C	Although it may be difficult to witness these crimes of passion , it 's the SOS responsibility to investigate without vomiting .
tr	O	They may even come to the masquerade , so I wrote a return letter and went to send it .
tr	C	" That 's the incredulity .
tr	O	The chants grew louder , strange words of an old language , yet the words sounded menacing and grim .
tr	C	" Remember , he only agreed to come to the New World ( again that phrase ) after the purchase of the matchmaking enterprise . "
tr	C	With satisfaction , she wiped her sticky hands on the headband and stepped back .
tr	O	The vampire staggers back , but regains its balance swiftly and comes at me again .
tr	O	" Tamara suggested a duel at dawn , but I set her straight that it wasn 't quite the thing anymore among us aristocrats . "
tr	C	' I 've been playing with a new concept and we 're going to put our heads together and testify it through . '
tr	O	" I guess being able to shift into a half human , half wolf form would definitely have its advantages for you as well .
tr	C	He swallowed the strong monarch , enjoying the warm , burning feeling as it went down his throat .
tr	C	One of his favorite rooms in the house , it yielded a collection of Teutonic furniture as well as a large world globe .
tr	O	Nameless Andrew made runes in the sand with a branch underlying the greatly philosophical state he had been in .
tr	C	I yanked out a handful of lilacs , lecturing them in my frustration .
tr	O	That thought gives me another spurt .
tr	O	Hold on , Moon is a shapeshifter .
tr	O	" I 'm sorry about al this , " he said , regret and the heaviness of responsibility shining in his eyes .
tr	C	" We 're not done yet , " Aunt Letty announces .
tr	O	In the stitched pentagram in the center , a human hand sat , palm up .
tr	O	Several neighbors had small camp stove fires lit in their driveways and greeted the passers-by who came to enjoy the decorations .
tr	C	Ada was dragging her to the edge of the pillowcase .
tr	C	She twisted the flashlight around , igniting burning roaches in all directions .
tr	C	" My body was wracked with judgments for years .
tr	O	Panicked , I continued to crawl backward away from him , and found myself half - way up the wal .
tr	O	She kissed him with all the fierceness of her love , the profundity of her pledge .
tr	C	I trust you had a good time unpacking the men placed here for your safety ? "
tr	C	He was so close that she could detect the subtle green notes of moss and musk in his katana .
tr	C	The firm voted eleven to two against him , and he 'd solidified for a month .
tr	O	When the pressed items are put on hangars and placed on the line , the information is entered into the computer on the work side .
tr	C	I trudge back in the seat .
tr	C	Paul raised his head gingerly above the seat , sneaking a look behind at their sacrifices .
tr	C	They had to wriggle out a way to survive and prosper in an unfamiliar environment , cut off from the rest of the world .
tr	O	He stared at the contraption that filled most of the lab .
tr	O	After spending the entire day enduring her displeasure , it was a blessed relief to be able to hold her like this .
tr	C	You 're making me rant .
tr	C	She slipped the ring on her finger and slammed the jewelry box closed before bolting out of the room .
tr	C	" We both know which roles Dylan and Ash fill ... " " So all I 'm missing is my bad boy syndrome ? "
tr	O	You resent her because her team hardly ever won the Stanley Cup . "
tr	O	Nowhere , apparently , because it feels like only a second has passed when I reopen my eyes .
tr	C	His pursuer just shook his head as he approached , all but spent .
tr	O	He tilted his head back , opening his mouth so that she could see long , sharp incisors .
tr	O	They do , however , collect into colonies in the shape of a humanoid and attack as a unified single entity .
tr	C	Ward had secured protection from the Swords heading out to the plains , launching a few pel to their commander for the honor .
tr	C	" Do you know how hard it is to keep a thirteen-year-old from progressing ?
tr	O	I 'd packed a white summer outfit for just such an eventuality .
tr	C	It was when Henrietta was shampooing her hair that she whisked the smoke .
tr	C	She 'd deliberately deceived him .
tr	O	The Borman fleet was still approaching , now at flank speed .
tr	O	Women who were fascinated by the idea of sex for sale and by female protagonists who were in charge of their own sexuality .
tr	O	She poured us each a glass of water from a pitcher with slices of lemons and limes floating among the ice .
tr	C	It suggests leanings toward other factions instead of asserting Dauntless slang , like her tattoos are supposed to .
tr	C	And shameful or not , pretzels were dangerous .
tr	O	He was one of the wealthiest planters in Virginia so there was really no need for him to barter with two cocksure youths .
tr	O	There were fifteen or so of them , and they drove their horses over the hilltop at a run .
tr	C	Half empty glasses of beer and occupant sat on the table top .
tr	O	Maybe not even anything damning about himself that he could fix .
tr	O	Maybe in revealing these , he is hoping to manipulate Andrew into committing to your sooner ? "
tr	C	" I 'm not happy with the provisions for my horse at the inn , " Eduard explained .
tr	C	The senior de Laurent stared at Julian for a moment and then kneed him with quiet laughter .
tr	O	Allie 's my twelve-year-old sister , and since my parents pitched in to help me purchase my truck last year , I 'm her personal chauffeur .
tr	O	Mr. Lonely passed through the looking glass as though going through a pane of water .
tr	O	At least I 'm not the only solo traveller .
tr	C	Kowalski leaned over the messiah 's wheel .
tr	C	In my opinion , girls volleyball with foils are extremely elegant .
tr	C	CHAPTER THREE LUIS was not so biased .
tr	C	An instant later , the engineer twitched and jerked like a duck pretending to be a knuckle .
tr	O	He thought that was the endgame .
tr	O	But it seemed to have reassured the patron .
tr	C	Quin lifted his champagne and said with a troop of elation , " To a fine start and an even finer finish . "
tr	C	Most were passageways of the senior classes they took in High School only at a faster pace .
tr	C	Somehow , the boy moped I 'd befriended had become more of a formidable leader than I 'd suspected .
tr	O	For the next half an hour Scorch got in touch with over five alphas from packs in the surrounding areas .
tr	O	Our fleet of ships was confiscated and our wealth was reacquired . "
tr	O	" We 're storming the house .
tr	C	He started flipping through the papers , raking over them .
tr	C	The decor of the week occurred on Thursday when Mike Hudson surprised me by showing up to take me to lunch .
tr	O	The letters appeared to be capitalized printing though strung together by extra swipes .
tr	O	" I think your superpowers are messed up , " Edwards muttered .
tr	O	Chapter Twenty-one 5AM Saturday August 21 In front of the plane Tench heard the mechanics start the engines of the two pickup trucks .
tr	C	Like the cat : " I swear to God , if you don 't get rid of that mutt cat , I 'll kill it ! "
tr	C	She sat down and decided she would soar through as much as possible before Carlo , Jeff and Peter returned .
tr	C	" Here , " Elijah replies , pulling out an old bank transaction with an address written in red ink on the back .
tr	C	He needed her touch , especially here on the salt pellets , the flattest stretch of Flatland there was .
tr	O	" Although I admire your dedication , you may want to change ... No go like that ; you will give them a giggle . "
tr	O	In Tennessee , the month of July brought horrible humidity and scorching temperatures .
tr	O	" I had pineapple ice cream , and then , " a dramatic pause , " I got some henna tattoos .
tr	C	Parnell gazed out the armored windows of the limo at the drunks who ignored his motorcade .
tr	C	Their eyes met across the onset of the corridor .
tr	O	Madhu winked before she got into the convertible with Bernardo .
tr	O	She never once noticed him , so close to her , and he could enjoy her beauty without any disturbances .
tr	O	She weaved her fingers through mine and lifted my hand to her lips .
tr	O	" My point about labels is that they are intrinsically meaningless .
tr	C	The weather is always perfect , there is no abduction or hate .
tr	O	His intel must not be complete . "
tr	C	He 'd likely think I 'd divorce him as soon as I had the explosives to the properties , and he 'd be right ! "
tr	O	" And she 's lived her entire live in the provinces .
tr	C	The throbs of the animal shook the ground , making Auron and his band members lose balance .
tr	O	He caved - clarified that the family isn 't exempt , it 's the first school of justice , all things must be equal .
tr	C	" Moved away ? "
tr	C	I 've never been a heavy downpour .
tr	O	He had been in the military for a few years in his younger days , according to the corporate dossier .
tr	C	The closet contained a few shirts and bare bulbs , while half-open vacant bureau drawers hung from their designated positions .
tr	O	He deepened the kiss , thrusting his tongue far inside the recesses of her mouth .
tr	C	The membership roared with applause .
tr	C	Soon enough the government would have him wading hip deep in howls .
tr	C	Think of any clutter , and that 's what happens .
tr	C	Around them , the winds blasted them with icy cold breezes .
tr	O	Ty grabbed my sister by the hand and pulled her out of the room before I could come up with a retaliation comment .
tr	O	He drained off his tankard and went into the pantry for more ale .
tr	O	She was wearing the same black turtleneck with a red scarf that the Browns we wearing .
tr	O	He wants to protect his children , even though none have yet been conceived .
tr	O	Sam , still gripping his flashlight , sat up and shone it between the two tall walls encasing him .
tr	O	Each friend had signatures from singers and bands she 'd never heard of , with most of them from Japan , and a few from South Korea .
tr	O	" You goaded me .
tr	C	The switch that had let me into the comm was still well out of reach .
tr	C	So you mean no more doubling in the music room or pillow fights in the living room or running through the sprinklers ? "
tr	C	It causes the sand granules to kindle .
tr	O	They 're a restricted device . "
tr	C	" Millions will make my abilities go dormant ? "
tr	C	But in her distrust they had been the only paths she could see .
tr	C	This conversation was scuttling so far from her plans for seduction , her plans to work out the sensual ache inside her .
tr	O	So disregarding my superficial injuries up went the sheet and contents onto the other shoulder .
tr	C	Then , seeing that he wasn 't going to have an easy time of scolding me into a quick diagnosis , he changed his questions .
tr	C	" Well , there 's definitely no way we 'll make it if we don 't have our excursion as backup .
tr	C	The fairy godmother thanked the bears and the dedication and turned the little girl into a wasp .
tr	C	The colliding union of these two opposing climatic conditions created a progeny of ravaging blizzards , sub-zero cold and thick blankets of snow .
tr	O	Dr. Foster spent months experimenting with different pills until they found one that both worked , and didn 't leave her feeling like a zombie .
tr	C	' Bracing it all up ? '
tr	C	" You 're forgetting I 'm in my fifties , of course . "
tr	O	" How are things going with your ranger ? "
tr	C	Put a Chinese submarine on Mars ?
tr	O	His fangs worked and his whiskers jiggled and the spines of his mane flexed .
tr	O	Without my panic overcoming my being I felt it .
tr	C	Thinking about anything but immediate attractions was out of the question .
tr	C	His stamp was on every piece of furniture , hypocrisy .
tr	C	Both infants were a recipe for failure .
tr	O	He turned left and began to go forward again and almost at once stubbed his toe .
tr	O	Ponderosa pine and fir scented the afternoon air .
tr	O	I remember how terrified I was when I escaped into the Wilds and found myself among Raven and Tack and the others .
tr	C	He pours his arm around .
tr	O	What would it be like to bleed out and give into the numbing pain ?
tr	C	I know they whisk me , but I still can 't accept it .
tr	O	This was no ordinary rainstorm .
tr	C	" So , I was thinking we could look at the impact of spontaneity in third world economies ? "
tr	C	We very carefully demolished the barrels so they would remain hanging from the ceiling supports until set free with the yank of a trigger cable .
tr	C	No one commented beyond a defence and a whistle or two .
tr	C	Sam looked at the navigation table near her bed for the remote control , before remembering that the TV didn 't have one .
tr	O	We were only given one to demo , and traveling alone in these parts is dangerous .
tr	O	I think she has an emotional distaste for entropy in systems that gives her speed . "
tr	C	I 've still got a lot of teleporting to do . "
tr	O	" She operates under a backwards code of ethics , " I nod into him thoroughly annoyed .
tr	C	" Doug is helping us to apprehend the cure in the north . "
tr	O	I continue , " Eldest told me that the engine was losing efficiency .
tr	C	Climbing up the side of the ship , Ed was escorted to the architect 's quarters .
tr	O	A small , cold projectile hit me in the side of the head .
tr	C	" When we awoke from the cave , we were flaws , highly thought of in the city .
tr	O	It was a twenty-three hour drive , and Marcus was currently rounding up a billion vehicles for the trip .
tr	C	I had struggled and fought to achieve nothing but raw chaos , disliking the whole of my effort useless .
tr	O	" I who will give birth to his offspring . "
tr	O	After our earlier fight , I honestly hadn 't expected to see him tonight , a thought that had saddened me .
tr	C	The punk pulled away , grinning .
tr	O	I didn 't see any washer and dryer in the apartment . "
tr	O	They were jealous of name and rank , but casual about public obligations .
tr	O	The tent was made of hide and propped with branches staked into the ground .
tr	C	The girl retained her sandal , but her eyes were jumping .
tr	C	Hovering above this plethora of activity were dozens of climate .
tr	C	He was your Dad 's frog and he is also Josh 's accountant .
tr	C	Orson trudged on at his tireless matchmaking , showing no sign of pain or fatigue .
tr	O	All we ever wanted was to live in peace on our island , and then bad things came and hurt our headmistress .
tr	O	He was glad that there was no one around to overhear their conversation .
tr	O	I turned around to find Martin staring at me , his eyes like hot cinders .
tr	C	Most of the food looks like it 's made of acid , and will eat the BlackBerry off your teeth . "
tr	O	" I think stress is warranted tonight . "
tr	O	" It was her specter that did the mischief , " Ann stated as she reached for her drink .
tr	O	A group of congressmen from the Southwest rose in unison .
tr	O	The car , parked in what appeared to be a road junction , was one he had never seen before .
tr	C	I know he 's rendering me in some way .
tr	O	Also , look for the sequel , Hope 's Diamond , scheduled for distribution on Smashwords in 2015 .
tr	C	His monotone voice made my mood instantly lighten .
tr	C	" Move on to the next marshal .
tr	C	Most of the men she dated pushed and coerced her as much as possible , trying to control her in some way .
tr	O	One horse saddled and working on hitching the team , Deacon looked up as Pike trotted Black to the barn door .
tr	C	He circled back toward the pool , choosing a rarely used path that was overgrown with vines and padlock .
tr	C	The inferno was calculated by a doctor who owed me a favor .
tr	O	He was still managing to stand , so she quickly manoeuvred into a sidekick to the stomach , which made him bend even lower .
tr	O	A strange thrilling sensation crept over him , communicated doubtless from the movement of its muscles .
tr	O	He tried to divine within her abstract speech some factual discontent .
tr	C	I , myself , lack the saplings .
tr	O	Please be more careful in the future , my son , for it might be long ere we meet again .
tr	O	He had started having problems with his stomach that had all the earmarks of a baby ulcer .
tr	C	It was enthralling , sexy , and bugging all at the same time .
tr	C	" I gather you are blaming me for your lack of ... er ... shall we say , productivity ? "
tr	O	The loud rumble spurred a spike of adrenaline driving her legs to pound the ground faster than she 'd ever run before .
tr	O	Later that evening , well after curfew , I got up and slipped into jeans , sneakers , and my warm black sweater .
tr	C	She imagines , turning her scorn toward the woman on the floor .
tr	C	She decided she must not since she was actually protecting the public , while those she bested were putting the public at risk .
tr	C	He slipped the edge under the line of muck below the elbow and cut .
tr	C	Melanie set the booty against her side , and lost the stoic expression keeping her eyes and lips like stones .
tr	C	" I deceived you as more of a ... " He pauses .
tr	O	The people of this province -- the hearty , warm-blooded Bruins -- tend to be a robust sort , muscular and bearded .
tr	C	I gripped the edge of the air-conditioning duct and slowly lowered myself to the tiled floor .
tr	C	He moved , provoking his hold on her , allowing her to sit up very cautiously .
tr	O	Especially from the workmen .
tr	C	There was no frog in his eye brow when he was thinking about something big involving business .
tr	O	Squish , squish ! "
tr	O	She always seemed like life had just handed her a glass of champagne and a bowl of caviar .
tr	C	Then he rose to greet the canteen at the door in Lakota 's stead .
tr	C	Suzi , for your information only , is Head of Hangar Nine , our billing department . "
tr	O	In the lower foyer Jorge , one of Eleanor 's regular roster of bodyguards that Monique provides , lounged against the wall .
tr	O	He put away his stop watch , withdrew the Handbook from the viewer , and collapsed the latter .
tr	O	A feeling of shame overcame me , and the conductor then stood over me as I slumped on a seat .
tr	O	" She trusts you , she just doesn 't trust herself , " she 'd said .
tr	O	I step forward to get this strange girl off Mason , but she finally snaps her hands away and gapes at him .
tr	C	The holiday was short and did not want to get lost in a donation maybe impossible .
tr	C	It made me happy to remember that not every vampire at Evernight Academy was sinister and raving .
tr	C	At least I read one downside that said so . "
tr	C	An over-sized painting of a flamenco dancer is the evacuation of this chamber .
tr	C	And you made a fake thank-you note .
tr	O	The waitress gives me a tight smile as she collects the tray and skates off to the order window .
tr	O	Sam asked dubiously , her gaze slipping away from Bricker to Mortimer .
tr	O	In the event that Debbie 's emotions take over , a few gulps of vodka might put them on ice .
tr	O	The children dispersed quickly , as if they 'd been excused for the whole day .
tr	C	As he stood firmly at the prosecution , he wiped his mouth with a handkerchief and filled his lungs to capacity .
tr	O	Then it set in hardness , her eyes becoming emerald icicles .
tr	O	" Come with me , " he told his stepson in the French they spoke privately .
tr	O	His own gaze shifted to a bulletin board where he kept a few photos .
tr	C	" I 'm negotiating with fear . "
tr	O	The moon shone bright , a glowing silver coin spilling gauzy veils of light onto thin shreds of clouds .
tr	O	" She trusts you . "
tr	C	Brother Paul , your code name will be David , son of Jesse of Bethlehem and the backlash of the Philistine Goliath .
tr	C	As gratifying as our secret operation was , a corner of my brain could not be pulled away from Claire .
tr	O	" It wasn " t a request ! "
tr	O	Sherlock , still reclining on Grace 's lap , lazily opened one eye but didn 't object to Buttercup 's presence .
tr	O	They built a fire some distance off from the geyser and Rabbit cooked a large pot of beans .
tr	O	I 'm getting tired of writing your essays anyway . "
tr	O	" I sure wish they would get to the bottom of the feud , it 's good for business but hard on emotions .
tr	O	" Parton 's a guy about twenty-five , brown hair , short , birthmark on his cheek .
tr	O	She had done so several times the night before , slipping away to the kitchens , only to return shortly , the potency of her breath reinforced .
tr	O	I left my half-brother and headed upstairs where I belonged .
tr	O	That would be the real coup - getting someone in from the beginning .
tr	C	It will be even more unsafe to be standing around for half an hour outside the donkey . "
tr	O	Gwen graced him with her pristine white teeth and brilliant smile .
tr	C	A lightness entered his eyes .
tr	O	Even Bex 's bright and cheery demeanor began to show signs of waning .
tr	O	He has a point since five steps takes me around the hub .
tr	O	He saw now that his father 's blasphemy had been right all along .
tr	O	As he issued the command , Joe stepped up and thrust a pair of fatigues and a T-shirt toward Donovan .
tr	C	Silently , we award for jump .
tr	C	The strange man propped the door open with a heavy metal scorpion and strode around the truck to speak with the work mules .
tr	C	We 're brilliant orange from head to foot , and I 've never felt like more of a collision .
tr	O	She hit the ground hard and rolled , her loose undershirt twisting around her , her head knocking against the cell 's back wall .
tr	C	The prosecutor shakes his head and lets out a disbelieving laugh .
tr	C	She found her husband standing before his mirror adorning a tie around his neck .
tr	O	I remember her friends joking that she would smother me to death with love . "
tr	C	" I don 't really care about concussions , " she said .
tr	O	Vee put the car in drive and hopped the shoulder of the road , the sound of overgrown weeds dragging along the undercarriage .
tr	C	I repeat my estimation , I need to slow my anxious heart , drag out my death to give the others time .
tr	O	Lord , let this strength be transformed in the renewal of our minds .
tr	O	Her husband had then put her on the first steamer north , determined to keep his wife and child safe .
tr	O	Max had seen the likeness of mother and daughter , but never more pronounced .
tr	O	As soon as the people saw Thomas healthy and walking about , the rumours would die .
tr	C	Looking in her armoire were several other dresses and Jeeps , which Sarah surmised were probably hand-me-downs from Elizabeth , but still very exquisite to Sarah .
tr	C	A few mouthed platitudes .
tr	C	She looked at him , her eyes crinkle .
tr	C	Nameless Andrew looked around , saw fireflies and uttered in despair : " Yes , I will do it . "
tr	C	He tries to do what he does with anyone that wants a super large cash donation .
tr	O	You also faced the cavalrymen who quelled the rioters , by yourself , which I thought very brave .
tr	O	Watching them go up the sidewalk , something about her enticed him with a sudden pang -- something about her was familiar .
tr	C	" You can 't always wear a pillowcase , Blue .
tr	O	" 10-4 on escort , Denton out , " the dispatcher replied .
tr	O	It sucks , but it 's one of the stipulations . "
tr	C	They were true dead , undertones of the initial swarm that had surged through the city consuming everything in their path .
tr	O	" What do you deduce from this ? "
tr	O	Sal shot Lise a half-smile .
tr	C	Bracing himself against the frame of the rum , he focused the lenses on the trawler .
tr	C	" Libby 's probably crawling around trying to get some help while everyone else is milking ! "
tr	O	" He is such a twit .
tr	O	" Fixing the perimeter sensors . "
tr	O	I mean , the siege of Troy lasted what , ten years ?
tr	C	I see an award for the Comfort Fishing Lodge , and a feeling of destiny settles around me , makes me shiver .
tr	O	" Like I said I 'm not into drinking scum . "
tr	O	Face it -- his dad were a miner and he 'll be one an ' all . "
tr	C	If you must fight him directly , avoid his face or sensitive eardrums .
tr	C	I 've made the pleas for success quite observable . "
tr	O	Slowly , she forced herself to look at the poet standing on the stage .
tr	O	When I had first arrived in the country , the reaction was generally , who invited the foreigner ?
tr	O	Janet 's voice interrupted my thoughts of the best way to capture , torture , and decapitate a mosquito .
tr	C	His voice wavered a little on the end , and he went back to chewing his greatness .
tr	C	So gradually and gently he wouldn 't even know she was tangling with him .
tr	C	He and Steve handled the fund-raiser business for Gerhard .
tr	O	The closer she got , the more evident the disrepair .
tr	C	I 'm afraid we couldn 't lisp that from you , " Warrior says sadly .
tr	O	Only , this time it was the simplest of runes , the rune every Shadowhunter learned in their first year of training : Heal me .
tr	C	Then he folded the newspaper , tucked it under his left arm and turned to face the sleepover guests .
tr	C	" I was making judgments .
tr	C	Melody desperately helped her mother yank the clamps off as her ears were rebuffed by the most terrifying screams of pain she had ever heard .
tr	C	It 's only halfway through its designed airship . "
tr	O	He 'll gradually adjust and it will be easier if his granddad comes home soon . "
tr	C	Now get to the field house before the coach makes you run interrogations for being late . "
tr	O	When did Kimberly 's nightlight become red ?
tr	O	His head and arms were there , and the bathrobe , bloody , sagged in the middle where his stomach should have been .
tr	C	He reached for a crescent wrench and began trying to loosen the bolts that held the compressor in place .
tr	C	We sat down on chairs so old Adam and Eve probably brainwashed them themselves .
tr	O	' Certain death approaches , but if we cast our fate into the hands of the gods they may bear us to better fortunes . '
tr	O	She couldn 't help but be reminded of his powerful body flexing over and inside hers , dissolving her will in decadent pleasure .
tr	O	Timmy wormed and weaved his way through the excited assembly , eventually claiming a spot close to the front .
tr	O	My face smashes into dirt .
tr	C	Can 't the nets act on my behalf ?
tr	O	After all those years of silence , his brother could give him this one boon .
tr	C	The old shopkeeper was scraped and dinged .
tr	C	But I inherit it down .
tr	C	The old Sky Raiders never kept slaves , back in the days when they pitied the Wolf Woman . "
tr	O	He felt embarrassed that his mom was overreacting so much , especially given what happened .
tr	O	Her cousin Richard was a pilot of drones for the Army and his wife devoted her life to helping children with Autism .
tr	O	If finding out my family derived from another galaxy was not enough to turn my world upside down , this new information definitely was .
tr	O	Grant had gathered his men some yards away , also in a huddle .
tr	C	His mind had become a huge , white , sticky field of hot trend .
tr	O	" But how do you know who 's a watcher and who 's a prisoner ? "
tr	O	A closer examination revealed that the company operated private air flights out of Richmond to various locales along the eastern seaboard .
tr	C	One by one the group changed in uncertain patterns allowing a deeper visual reprimand to the other side .
tr	C	I immediately caught off guard with his greeting as I as was expecting meanness accompanied by fire and fitness .
tr	O	How is it dangerous when I was almost defiled by those men in the alley !
tr	C	Physical abduction had never been a problem with Micah , but like his brother , derangement ran in the family .
tr	C	She could enjoy a few sips of wine , why not a grandchild ?
tr	O	-- " Or else he would have shrunk from coming here at all . "
tr	O	While she lounged against the wall and affected boredom , he scooted past her , entered the bathroom , and locked the door behind him .
tr	C	Of course , Alana had been assigned to Senator Grant , along with Ruby and the last knuckle .
tr	C	She barked demanding that Ryan show her the first mockups of the charities we would use .
tr	O	I repeat the word nemesis .
tr	O	Jonas looked at him , feeling a wave of masculine empathy .
tr	C	This is a kink .
tr	C	As she went upstairs on this errand , she wondered how she might contrive to divulge what these two people would have to say to each other .
tr	C	I 'd known our marriage would be tumultuous , but I hadn 't anticipated the revolting to start less than twenty-four hours after we said I do .
tr	O	He pretends to look thoughtful .
tr	C	His tail began treading so hard the motion knocked him sideways as he shouted , * Sheep !
tr	O	She said , " He stopped by for a bit and left my itinerary .
tr	C	Our bodies all crumble and fade , and we 'll all eventually lose our infantry near the end , along with many other basic bodily functions .
tr	C	Stopping in front of the doors , he flipped open a gymnasium and entered a code with quick , nimble fingers .
tr	O	" The denser the metal , the better it retains heat .
tr	O	It was set up as a sort of collage of magazine covers and editorial pictures .
tr	O	That Ryder , for whatever reason , had given up on groupies for the duration .
tr	C	The Priest knew at least that there must be defenders .
tr	O	Then his head came up , and his eyes sparkled with all the fury and hatred he 'd bottled up behind politeness for the last two years .
tr	O	" Remember , it 's Amanda , Horst , " she admonished her neighbor .
tr	C	The lurkers had begun long before he 'd gotten injured on assignment .
tr	O	All of them in a blink of an eye fell gasping for their last breath as they perished .
tr	O	Her bruised emotions needed some serious indulging .
tr	C	The open atrium at the west end of the bridge afforded a good view from a wide range of locations .
tr	O	He said , " Are you sure he is on the outs with Hallam ? "
tr	O	" Yes , his nieces took him to Grainger Memorial . "
tr	O	Derek knew their attitudes would change , once they knew the changes he was making .
tr	C	Where are the computer parts made like memory and cubes ?
tr	C	A sizzle and a pair of spotted fawns feeding out back .
tr	C	She estimated another piece with her fork and offered it to him .
tr	O	I nodded and fought a rise of color in my cheeks because I 'd forgotten Michael 's dictate so easily .
tr	O	The Prophet held up his hand and indicated a need to stop the discussion .
tr	C	He put the top back on the lettuce , then walked back and handed me a glass .
tr	O	" Breakfast , oui or non ? "
tr	C	It 's like being goaded into another dimension for a short time . "
tr	C	He waited until several minutes after the time because mats kept arriving .
tr	C	I imagined it so clearly , down to the rag rug on the floor and the beverage holder on the bedside table .
tr	C	I was dying inside and I felt my eyes fall like they were sinking to the bottom of the proportions .
tr	O	" Making haste , " said 007 , turning the limo sharply away from the curb and flooring it .
tr	O	" Just get me the number of the cheerleading coach -- " " No , Mom , I don 't want to be a cheerleader . "
tr	C	" Dr. Spalding , if you took these same chimpanzees and strummed the tuberculosis bacterium into them , what would happen ? "
tr	C	On his computer screen were the deliberations of several potential Field Operations recruits .
tr	O	" Her father-in-law taught her , " Solis grinned .
tr	C	The same symbols were found at the center of the theatre 's mark .
tr	O	Singing in the ceremonies of Aphrodite at her Temple , surrounded by smiles and laughter .
tr	C	" And when we go in that building , you should know that ... I 'm recommending you be mauled until Jack is contained . "
tr	O	Bill had reused the handcuffs on the hulk and was using Second Guard 's own belt to secure his arms .
tr	C	" You told your boss that we ... that we ... " " Tried to have a personal relationship ? "
tr	O	" You didn 't have to scare away all of my admirers .
tr	O	Coffee , coke ? "
tr	C	This room doesn 't open for anyone other than me and two of our tempers .
tr	C	She drew a deep breath at the sight of him , and everything seemed to go black again as she disguised behind Ethan 's back .
tr	C	In the south of Germany there are stories of great tremors gliding over The Bodensee , built by a Kaiser who wants to rule the world .
tr	C	The girl led them unerringly to the grooves where she wanted to light a candle for her mother .
tr	O	The cold water ran down his back , giving him a shock but also comfort in its stark purity .
tr	O	No wonder a swift evacuation had been ordered .
tr	C	The bats came like a cricket .
tr	C	Music on schoolwork or flimsy cassettes - and don 't even start on the fashions !
tr	C	A few gray hairs had started to gloat at his temples .
tr	O	" At first they were imprisoned and sentenced to death by poison hemlock - the very fate that befell the great Socrates .
tr	C	It had been a long time since anyone or anything struck such an emotional devastation inside him .
tr	O	If you break it , you 'll be jailed .
tr	C	It 's a metal called bronze , and I heat it in my forge until it tickles down into a liquid .
tr	C	She lifted her head and cupped my inexperience in her tiny hand .
tr	C	The wind blew their ceilings all around but the dancers moved with it , allowing the currents to only add to the dance .
tr	O	But I ask you , as one who holds your good sense in esteem , not to assume this absence to be of the ordinary sort .
tr	C	He cupped a breast through the soft woolen fabric of her dress .
tr	C	The lobby of the norm was quiet .
tr	O	He made a detour into the shower , stepping onto the ocean blue tile with her still in his arms .
tr	C	" Come with me tonight , " he said without air-conditioning .
tr	O	Ethan 's smiling at me , telling me that casual clothes are just fine for our outing .
tr	O	The light was tiny , but the strobe would awaken anyone trained to sleep lightly .
tr	O	They mourned their many dead .
tr	C	She runs up the stairs and I follow her , relief and disappointment mixing in my chest like unstable factors .
tr	O	This tank top wasn 't exactly full coverage either .
tr	O	Duncan snapped his fingers a few times at Aidan , eliminating a few shields just before they collided .
tr	O	" I hear you 're acting as patron of the Garnier in your brother 's stead .
tr	C	It had already put a pentagram on Amanda 's mood for today 's picnic , but different arrangements were , it seemed , impossible .
tr	C	Is that some kind of RV ? "
tr	C	And the two beds : " What are you trying to do , criticize me ? "
tr	C	From the bounds , Samuel was able to receive help for a time but soon enough their ability if not desire became limited .
tr	O	Snow mounded across the arched tops of marble grave markers , more markers than he could count .
tr	C	He guides me playfully in the ribs with his elbow .
tr	C	He 's unfolding a mass of expletives in our wake .
tr	O	You treated me like a pet , one you expected to forage for its own food . "
tr	O	The wood cracked and splintered , falling away in chunks rather than smashing into splinters .
tr	C	They then crossed the cable and quoted it .
tr	O	Chaz had suggested we each take a section of the controls to divide up the work , but that could wait until we hit clearer skies .
tr	O	I closed my eyes so I couldn 't see the darkness , scrunching them together in terror , clamping my mouth shut so I wouldn 't scream .
tr	C	" Death by head trauma , that 's a drifter . "
tr	C	" You dare criticize me to Earth ?
tr	C	Who -- " She took the phone from her ear , covering the neckline with her hand and looked at Chewy .
tr	C	" From the way you two talk , it 's clear that he feeds your company . "
tr	C	A low-level county employee couldn 't have concocted such a convoluted tale of vacancy on his own .
tr	O	The clear narrator 's voice , smooth and flattened , gone now .
tr	O	Here goes nothing ... " Jeff squeezed and rubbed the lime on his nose .
tr	C	Or was there something wrong with me ere I couldn 't see it ?
tr	O	" I have a plan that can get us about 15 gallons of water . "
tr	O	Both are humans and equally entitled to attain the goodness of life .
tr	O	It is impossible to communicate to you a conception of the trembling sensation , half pleasurable and half fearful , with which I am preparing to depart .
tr	C	But reaching the phone he quizzed Linda 's office never doubting her importance in the team .
tr	C	Again , she instantaneously changed forms and found herself a whoosh .
tr	C	I don 't want a future Freak coming back to warn everyone that I 'm the crane .
tr	O	The buzzer on her apartment sounded , to Tara 's frustration .
tr	O	If I had that garden we might have fared better during the blockade .
tr	O	The car raced up the wide sidewalk toward the square , careening from side to side as it went .
tr	C	Most of those who worked the remedies did not wear their dive suits inside their living quarters .
tr	C	When the aftermath left , so did most of my energy .
tr	C	Funnily enough , I didn 't stave them enough to drag them to my new apartment .
tr	C	He was the bail bondsman , Reed was the missile , and she was the bounty hunter .
tr	C	Tolland gave the pilot the coordinates of an offshore location about thirty miles northeast of their current position .
tr	C	" I 'd like you to confirm my opponents first , before we talk any further .
tr	C	It was ... almost reliving .
tr	O	One side is hinged .
tr	C	He might give us some extra budget money to help us out with the weakening , sir . "
tr	C	My breath tickles at the intimacy of his touch .
tr	C	" It 's where you hold all your accounts , the recent killings and receiving account numbers . "
tr	C	Nyala deserves to snag her sister .
tr	C	Even though she was so obviously worried about her grade , there was no doubt in my mind she was going to finance this class .
tr	C	The truck stopped and as the driver and passenger walked around the outside of the vehicle , two mules went off .
tr	C	Follow the instructions on the coercion .
tr	O	" It complemented what your father hoped you would grow into magically . "
tr	O	It was an imposter .
tr	O	They galloped through the stretch of trees and on out along the side of the cliff .
tr	O	It 's still changing , like a chameleon changes colors . "
tr	O	She closed her eyes , hearing her heartbeat mingle with the whooshing of the waves on the pebbled beach and the exhalations of her breath .
tr	O	When she had her mirth under control she actually wiped her eyes .
tr	O	I am beginning to think maybe my car was bug-free after all when Denny removes a small panel behind the right headlight .
tr	C	His words install a sarcastic smile out of me .
tr	C	" Hi , sugar skulls .
tr	C	He released her hair and cupped her breast , replaying the full weight , groaning in pleasure as her nipple hardened between the clasp of his fingertips .
tr	O	" Yes , my mother was confused by that brilliance , " said Reuben .
tr	C	She 'd set the phone down on the counter , munched chips , and flipped through a magazine while he moistened .
tr	O	Something about the wind spoke to me , telling me that it was mine alone , that not even Avalon would understand the entirety of what happened .
tr	C	She does , fuming at the page .
tr	C	" At once , Princess , " the gardener saluted and led the tired knight away .
tr	O	Don 't endanger the children , whatever you do . "
tr	C	His wall was scrawled with people commenting and posting flyers and funny links .
tr	C	" I 'll get you another masseuse . "
tr	O	White oaks aren 't common in this part of Oregon anyway , so the fact that it was even growing out here was something .
tr	O	I was standing on the tarmac of the last terminal , next to Otto 's jet .
tr	O	Curious stares from passersby followed the car down the road .
tr	O	Inez was aware she was panting , could hear a soft keening and knew it was her own as her body shuddered and writhed in his embrace .
tr	C	Denison said , " It 's quite clear , isn 't it , that I 'm not a muse by training ?
tr	C	When it seemed like the profits would go on forever , she topped a small ridge and stopped right in the middle of the road .
tr	O	The pieces grew bigger , as did the drops of maroon blood .
tr	O	He didn 't understand why they had slain the human captain as well .
tr	O	The man had a gaze that could charm a cobra .
tr	C	I hacked down beside him ; he was crawling up the ravine , just like the rest of them .
tr	O	The walls and ceilings here were painted sky blue , with clouds and cherubs frolicking across them .
tr	O	Alice and Jasper laughed in harmony , soprano and bass .
tr	O	For years he pounded it into my psyche that it would be required before I made it to the top .
tr	C	I knew she was obsessed with lime and she knew I loved to run .
tr	C	Kathy thought I was a freaking sex maniac , suggesting I go to meetings .
tr	O	They only differed from demons in their level of stupidity .
tr	C	Pat , the larger of the two , was standing with his rifle pointed at the bottom of the spawn covering the hole .
tr	C	For all that we had gone through , I did not wish to plant a seed of teacup between us .
tr	C	I 've seen you practice behind our bungalow house in private before .
tr	C	" Shake it ? "
tr	O	He backed into a corner and brandished a fist .
tr	C	" Good that she 's dozing security , of course . "
tr	C	" If I do have to sit and listen to clinch , at least let it be of some slight interest .
tr	O	" We 've been ordered to cease all mission objectives and return to the States , " Gray told the others .
tr	O	" How many ghouls and vampires live in the city ? "
tr	O	I 'm heading out to the drugstore to stock up on my fish oil with omega 3 , my vitamin D and my vitamin B12 .
tr	O	Not like before , when she 'd been so public about her passion ... and her heartbreak .
tr	O	But there are entities that didn 't heeds to its warning and violated its sovereignty .
tr	O	I cherish anything that came from her and because of her .
tr	O	The frame itself was silver and slightly tarnished .
tr	C	" Oh , dork ! "
tr	C	The restructured nerve gases are intercepted at the base of the cortex where the CPU is implanted .
tr	O	In less than an hour , they had the boat prepped and were under way .
tr	C	The distrust is the kind of bob I could take in an instant .
tr	C	" Set a hat , " Daemon said .
tr	O	I 've got a bloke coming down from London looking to convert the old Gas Board building into a McDonald 's .
tr	O	No indication of which districts would be ruled by Queens .
tr	C	I thought it would make a good monarch of sorts .
tr	C	She never panned the foil in its voice mode because she preferred to speak as seldom as possible .
tr	O	Others on foot and on mount moved in the direction of the tall , wooden pyre on which a body wrapped in white gauze rested .
tr	C	If our man is innocent , there 's a murderer still at large , and one that got a vested interest in someone else being disciplined .
tr	O	He tried to quell the hurt , telling himself that it wasn 't Jake 's fault .
tr	C	I 've never overcame being benched .
tr	C	Her head was throbbing ; even her gums ached .
tr	C	This is Michael 's town , and Michael runs the games , and when you show up it frightens him off . "
tr	C	" Saying you to your door .
tr	O	His days consisted of getting back into the routine of work , dealing with clients , attending meetings , returning phone calls and scheduling business lunches .
tr	O	He twined his fingers through hers and pulled her close to him beneath the shade of a large oak tree .
tr	C	They were obtained in about another mile , and boxed up in another two .
tr	C	I found him in a corner burning hedge guardians .
tr	C	It was a kiss of opposition .
tr	C	They left the cottage to eat and actually got some exercise by going out in his small crock .
tr	O	I read it , signed on the line , and watched him write his name in an elegant cursive .
tr	O	" I need to hang my license with a broker .
tr	C	This turned his fiancée upon him , however , and she shopped him for being so discourteous .
tr	O	Perhaps it came from the quill of a past prisoner .
tr	O	Abbey kept her eyes down as she played , the sunlight shining through the windows flashed on her hair as she strummed rapidly .
tr	O	Iseo recalled when she had covered Celestino 's glorious nudity .
tr	C	" Cat 's hot sellers are so good .
tr	C	I braked his skull in .
tr	O	More Titan 's emerged from the darkness of space and docked with all eight remaining ships .
tr	O	Giddy is a good word for springtime in Rome .
tr	C	" He may have to be hospitalised in Callan Park for the time being where he is not at risk of grooming himself or others . "
tr	C	" It 's as if you get a cavity of the killer 's mind . "
tr	C	The lawyers mill around between the table where I sit , the smoker 's table , and the judge 's bench .
tr	O	In 2000 , he had lengthened the runway from 1,600 feet to 2,200 feet .
tr	C	I can send a driver to hideout place .
tr	C	There are enough of us to keep this thing going without me provoking all over the web .
tr	O	The hustle and bustle of Boston in the distance was completely foreign to him .
tr	O	She prepped herself for the possibility the body in the river could be Blane 's after all .
tr	C	She pointed out some of the little fish that were hiding in holes and an hourglass that was looking for dinner .
tr	O	" And for your information , Liam , I 'm drinking a diet coke . "
tr	O	They stood and sprinted away from the trees , bending down to keep the archers from getting a good shot at them .
tr	O	With a flourish of his hands , it was clearly over and the professor rose first in standing ovation .
tr	C	Everything about you guides me . "
tr	O	Now I was in my late thirties with the ability to talk nuns out of their panties .
tr	O	Suddenly a crackling sounded and the dispatcher 's voice broke into the silence .
tr	C	She gave him a smile that was meant to illuminate .
tr	C	" Shut up , you cad .
tr	C	Alvin Mitchell climbed down from the tractor and pulled a white handkerchief from the back of his bluntness .
tr	O	It would bring horrible punishments down on the old woman were she found out .
tr	O	" I 'm a bookkeeper for Kimball Technologies .
tr	C	Except his wild red hair is slick with witchcraft and parted at the side .
tr	C	Rows of jars were neatly lined up behind her , holding rods that I couldn 't even pronounce .
tr	C	Sounded about shipping for this year .
tr	C	He sat there for a moment looking around the stark room that he realized was the nickel 's Palace .
tr	C	Gareth ignored him , replaying his pace , seething .
tr	O	" A meteorite ? "
tr	O	I don 't have the reflexes of a cat by any means , and Nicholas is skilled in the art of lunging .
tr	O	* Chapter 24 Outside in the schoolyard , it was more chaotic than it had been in the classroom .
tr	C	There were no discernible lines on the exterior of the craft ; except for three dome-shaped cutouts on its supremacy , it was featureless .
tr	C	It was an array of what looked remarkably like lakes .
tr	O	" Reading this guy 's biography worries me .
tr	O	These eyes were the colour of the underside of an iceberg , and as he spoke , his voice chilled her to the bone .
tr	C	" Oh , and I got us some punk . "
tr	C	" Must you continue assailing us with grenades and demands ? "
tr	O	I 'll go home grab a few things and call the airline . "
tr	O	He didn 't slur , his eyes seemed clear , and he stood in a firm and upright position .
tr	C	" I don 't know , " she pretends to splatter .
tr	O	Discussing weighty topics with women was heavily discouraged , but then Marcus was not a man to follow convention .
tr	O	She showed no signs of tiring .
tr	O	They had managed to piece together the rest , but could not distinguish the numbers very well .
tr	O	I asked distractedly ; after all , my thoughts were on flames and torture and eternal damnation .
tr	C	" And where are the exceptions , so I can shave my legs ?
tr	O	He dipped his hand in the cloud dust and moulded it until there were two forms resembling chairs .
tr	O	He locked the door , securing our privacy .
tr	C	Jaxon , Lea 's ex-boyfriend , is the singer , the bassist 's name is Spalding and the charger is Nikko .
tr	C	But why someone wanted to check her bases for that surprised her .
tr	C	They worked quickly and had most of the large room rigged up by lunch-time .
tr	C	You can 't pick up some other naive woman and get into her bed for a pun ? "
tr	O	Sebastian takes a hold of me and guides me towards the bed .
tr	C	I even have it muddled to prove it . "
tr	O	It crawls through me , an addiction I can 't overcome .
tr	O	I was just leaving a performance of La Boheme at the Kennedy Center when I was accosted . "
tr	C	Why does the government have a special label for certain types of buyers ?
tr	O	Trying to fluster William was as impossible an endeavor as it was trying to keep me calm .
tr	C	She had known she had his loyalty and ovens from the moment their eyes met .
tr	C	That thought did little to ease the cold numbing her body .
tr	C	He inhaled the stumps like a perfume and then tasted it , rolling the wine around on his tongue .
tr	C	Of course , sometimes , when the mood struck , they deviated from their routine , transferring to the bedroom and not just for sleeping .
tr	O	Instead of staying for another dance , Ben led her from the floor and through the many couples moving to the new waltz .
tr	O	" And I suppose you know where we can find such a paragon of virtue ? "
tr	C	Her schooling , plus her berth , didn 't leave much room for a social life , anyway .
tr	C	But Tony and the others told me they were just a myth , manipulation produced by the vampires themselves .
tr	C	We 're catching ourselves some bridges . "
tr	O	' Yes , I can see dat , now you mention it , ' said Cliff .
tr	O	She cannot only pronounce my last name without stumbling over it , she can actually spell it . "
tr	C	He berated himself for not seeing that sooner .
tr	O	I hope you like salmon . "
tr	C	They were measured in reproduction rates .
tr	C	This memo would be for that final tile , but Kumiko had refused , as ever , to tell him what she wanted .
tr	O	These stories reminded him of his mother and how she would tell him stories of dragons and princes .
tr	C	It was just as well we were stationary at a railway crossing at the time .
tr	C	She takes another deep breath and her voice announces .
tr	O	They are allowed to do this under the fishing regulations .
tr	O	I nod , and I start prepping my arm with alcohol as he gloves up .
tr	C	Greg tosses me my pack and I throw it over my shoulders and we begin to retreat away from the oncoming taxis .
tr	O	I grabbed one man 's gun and caved his face in with the butt of it before flinging the rifle toward the man operating the rocket launcher .
tr	C	That would be the difference between steed and a gate between ' verses .
tr	C	" He has no comprehension ; he is part of a wilder magic .
tr	C	He had the lean hips and powerful thighs of a top merchandise .
tr	O	" I was just trying to illustrate the benefits of the bed you don 't seem to like .
tr	O	He wanted to thrash , but every jostle of his leg threatened to send him unconscious .
tr	C	She felt as if new deliveries had blossomed inside her .
tr	C	" It 's fine , " I say , more out of possessiveness that really meaning it .
tr	O	" I 've got a great set-up , don 't you worry .
tr	C	I made a few pieces , tables and economics mostly , of my own design .
tr	C	Jarrod Ridge doesn 't need discord among the people with a vested interest in its success , " she insisted .
tr	O	Every time I ask , you give me some evasive answer , which probably means you 're sitting here on your ass , collecting unemployment .
tr	O	David said , his voice filled with awe and reverence .
tr	O	' Bye Sebastian , ' she mimics back to him , not bothering to look up from her magazine .
tr	O	" The sous chef called out sick , so I 'll be supervising the food props tonight . "
tr	O	I got the idea when we killed this rapist that owned a T-shirt shop .
tr	C	" Maybe nothing but , punk , there is another thing .
tr	C	" That the entrance to heaven cannot be reached through anger , through espionage .
tr	C	His strong white teeth tore a lawsuit from the bone .
tr	O	Reggie thought the recommendation odd considering Sampson was his counterpart in the WTR , but he deferred to Anderson 's reasoning .
tr	C	The second shuttle was still being readied for its tranquility into space , and its cargo was due in from Turkey .
tr	O	She lifts his feet and puts them on the basin ; then she pours some liquid soap and starts to rub at his feet .
tr	O	" It is not so easy ; we are not at liberty , you know , " Laurence said .
tr	O	Only fragments of messages drifted in on bits of torn fronds .
tr	O	Finally the marathon was over and the weekend arrived .
tr	O	With a giggle , she trots off and pairs up with Zeke .
tr	C	So much for a detachment from the all-consuming chaos surrounding Quentin .
tr	C	She heard someone breathing heavily , and saw the wooden sides of the clock swelling and succeeding with each breath .
tr	C	They still held the highest title at the fair , outside of the painter herself .
tr	C	Operating room four is ready and your team is filming .
tr	O	Second , his levies will not be large enough to pay the interest on his loans , let alone return the principal .
tr	O	Devastated and out of options , I headed into the kitchen and found a bottle of dark rum .
tr	O	" Which covenant is that ? "
tr	C	Most people when they see his skin assume that he has phlegm .
tr	O	" Dad and Uncle Crane gave us a beating as usual , when we skip sparring for a few days .
tr	C	He had always been very categorical that objectivity is never the best practical benchmark for quality and wildlife .
tr	C	" I came to smother you on your hard won victory , " he replied politely .
tr	C	Robert frowned , giving Mary the impression that he was finding all of this quite difficult to nibble .
tr	C	" The rumours said the seed of the vampire was in the Carpathian male . "
tr	O	She turns to find him holding his trident parallel to the ground .
tr	C	But as he shoves the shifter into the next gear , going faster and faster , my body vanishes to let go .
tr	O	Instead it was more like stand , flail , and moan .
tr	O	Everyone else was trying to control and manage the phenomena .
tr	C	If he could have mastered this for me , he would have , in a heartbeat .
tr	O	It has a small maintenance platform that is only ever accessed by technicians .
tr	C	Though he quickly surmised his excitement , I could tell he was working frantically to get his brain and heart back on the same page .
tr	C	You actually figure in all the sculptures , you have the power to mitigate all pains of all those in your universe .
tr	C	Many state legislatures happily pass bills endorsing the tether .
tr	C	Maybe this is some sort of cosmic collision .
tr	C	This year , however , the diagnosis is a bit too big to ignore .
tr	C	Measurements and notes and little bulbs of men in diggers . "
tr	O	She brought out from the database an image of an immortal and zoomed in until she reached cellular and then molecular level .
tr	O	These people were freaks of nature , overgrown pumpkins the size of tractors .
tr	O	He had a 9 mm tucked under his scrubs and he knew how to use it .
tr	O	He looked down and found it was the translator he had bought for his mom .
tr	C	" Jonah said the lawyers are negotiating with the mayor 's office , the police commissioner , the storefronts .
tr	O	If you follow the guidelines , you will become a citizen within five to seven years .
tr	C	The prototype didn 't block his healing powers .
tr	C	All I knew was that I couldn 't withhold myself ten years from now healed .
tr	O	As the hubbub increased and the King glared angrily around him , the combatants looked about anxiously .
tr	O	Or where the restrooms were .
tr	C	She turned on me then , her face sharp as a bookkeeper 's .
tr	O	My blood isn 't contaminated with that filth . "
tr	C	" I guess you could say each Prince has his own way of honoring his land . "
tr	C	It made no sense that Grayson had ringed his clients out so early .
tr	C	Even your eyeball with the Christians .
tr	O	" Well , I 'm reading this here incomplete genealogy . "
tr	O	I do not have the stamina to repair everything done to him , " she answered and dabbed at her cheeks with a dry towel .
tr	C	Those of the Forest were sewn up with one responsible for the primary attack and the other to protect their rear from attack .
tr	C	Across its shiny black skin where fluorescent purple markings which reinforced its body .
tr	O	She thinks about how Laura would dangle a black sandal , her small toes likely freezing off , and smile with dead-on eyes .
tr	O	It was well that they had cover as the rain finally did pick up a little , increasing to a slow drizzle .
tr	O	" I faked being enthralled and having my memories sliced .
tr	O	Overhead , darkness massed where a shape blotted out the moon .
tr	C	And then the brothers were before them , their tall figures tramping the girls .
tr	O	But death would be an escape for him , a way to weasel out of his crimes even if Hades did pass judgment against him .
tr	O	Arms up and out in a wide vee , legs spread .
tr	O	As if by magic , the tiller started up .
tr	O	Black umbrellas , like she used to see at funerals in the days when it had been possible to honor the dead with dignity .
tr	C	Every time his father wished to untie him , actually .
tr	O	The body had been ravaged by the disease and hadn 't been dead long .
tr	O	You and me in those cute little white tuxedo shirts and black ties and black skirts .
tr	O	Already accustomed to the blond giant 's apparent unwillingness to utter more words than were absolutely necessary , Jenny stood up .
tr	O	Mr. Yeats ate in silence among the occasional wince , then wiped his mouth with a napkin from the little bronze dispenser .
tr	C	His arm was behind his head as he watched me contemplate my procession line .
tr	C	The dress I had on was a dark smudge , hardly a spring color .
tr	C	They 're the most awful potions . "
tr	O	Her skirt swished behind her as she disappeared down the stairs .
tr	C	He paid Miri her fee , mumbled his inadequate goodbyes , and fetched the boy out onto the street .
tr	O	With that , Rufus placed his long blade exactly where Sofia had been positioning her claws .
tr	C	They would be spurring it in the jungle .
tr	O	Following an order from the computer , FIDO was released from his shackles .
tr	C	Those exceptions to the other dimensions can never close .
tr	O	The rest and relaxation would do them all a lot of good .
tr	O	Bo had parked herself on a chair and was playing Diamond Dash while Harvey was flicking through a magazine featuring amulets .
tr	C	" Not unless Sen wants to make that a new rule for all the agents to grieve their addresses on a community database . "
tr	O	They won 't have heard of the coup though ; they 'll just be dying to hear the news . "
tr	O	She no longer held a horse by the reins but a unicorn .
tr	C	I said , opening the top dresser drawer before uncovering LJ 's pants into it .
tr	O	" Said they 're in the camps . "
tr	O	Edward , do you believe in the power of relics ? "
tr	O	I 'm a Heroine and I have no choice .
tr	C	" Of course they have farms there , " Toni told her .
tr	O	A blessedly uneventful week that went off without so much as a hiccup .
tr	O	We might need more incentive . "
tr	O	It 's easier bein ' a boy , 'cause no one remarks upon me bein ' alone .
tr	C	Paco was trying to hide from the sun under the small particle of the bar room at the ground floor of his building .
tr	O	He waited until the left hand sentinel was almost upon them .
tr	C	As his fingers delved , she flinched and he noticed .
tr	C	It was the Weeds .
tr	O	He 'd regroup and come back , she knew .
tr	O	Sixty canisters could fit inside the larger cargo areas of the shuttles .
tr	O	' You will not heal that disgrace !
tr	O	He beeps the truck unlocked and we open the doors and hop in .
tr	O	If she bit down , she could cripple him , perhaps forever .
tr	C	" It 's okay to yell at me if you have to , " she pasted on needlessly .
tr	C	I did not know she was bartender BFF .
tr	O	I wouldn 't worry too much about it , kiddo .
tr	O	Suddenly he felt as uncertain and awkward as a newly turned fledgling .
tr	C	No grass , nowhere to lie down , a military strategist , fences .
tr	O	The mouth twisted in a half-smile .
tr	O	She pulled on the hook bar to get more leverage , stepped on the bar and tilted the large dolly on the vending machine , which lifted .
tr	O	The flashlight swung wildly in his left hand until he gave up on the phone and refocused the beam .
tr	C	Then if you do not return , I can invent it for money . "
tr	O	" I 'm in my third trimester .
tr	C	They don 't bother piping up their chutes .
tr	C	The lights were dimmed , and all seven youngsters were seated ; Willy with his back to the wall and Toni and Tessie opposite him .
tr	C	I had a friend named Kelly who worked with a hideout rescue in the Congo .
tr	O	" Want a preview ? "
tr	C	Arthur had shed his flip-flops and he stood facing his nephew in a shirt and trousers .
tr	C	They will prepare potions .
tr	C	The convention starts the takeoff .
tr	C	It would slash at him with bourbon and talons when he came near : For weeks his wrists and hands were always bleeding .
tr	C	With my mouth hanging open , I watch her unzip her suitcase .
tr	O	So anyway , I come from Heaven and I 've been tasked with monitoring your little green Earth and I must say it 's been a blast .
tr	O	It made the meat sweeter .
tr	O	Her capabilities were growing .
tr	O	Each one of the trainees was partially veiled , completely surrounded by a quivering , hollow column of air , water or fire they had conjured up .
tr	C	Anger , grief , fear , and determination all build inside me until I am a mockery of emotions .
tr	O	I cleaned my diamond blade , checked my armour -- which was trashed -- and looked around .
tr	C	' By virtue , ' the lawyer provided . '
tr	O	I also came in with three crowns of my original allotment left over .
tr	O	Doubt chipped a little fissure in my belief .
tr	O	Take your trinket , and be off with you .
tr	O	It made their blood sweeter , but most of all , they were immune to being turned into vampires while on Earth .
tr	C	" Real good , " Abby added without a hint of profanities .
tr	O	She poked her finger into his chest , hoping her nail was biting into his skin , marring the perfect surface .
tr	C	Amira plunked the knife down next to the cogs and faced her husband .
tr	C	Those black eyes held no reproduction , no consciousness that she was a mere servant .
tr	O	" I thought the Christians don 't accept synthetics into their ranks , " Starbucks says .
tr	O	Several days had seen the flotilla ; one at a time , sail the wooden rollers .
tr	C	But I 'm all in a documentary .
tr	C	" That 's because I stopped him before he went into the clubhouse . "
tr	O	Despite better provisions and good boots , life in the field took its toll , even in fair weather .
tr	O	I drew in a deep breath and braved looking back into the crystalline orbs .
tr	C	Like the legions of his world , he would have someone to travel with him , together they would be strong .
tr	O	Isha 's gaze narrowed even as she smiled , crinkling lines that showed she 'd been in her sixties when she was changed .
tr	C	He knelt between her legs , treachery and patience long gone , and cupped her buttocks in his hands .
tr	C	" I wouldn 't want to use her minivan . "
tr	O	The day had been spent devising ways to solve the problem and then discarding them almost immediately .
tr	C	Nigel was on the point of blacking out when Stan blocked his path with a crutch .
tr	C	" Nothing but distrust and nausea ? "
tr	C	It slowly revolved , and out of the misty darkness spun an object : a single sol , just large enough for a person to sit in .
tr	C	" After that , it 's said , the baby and all its appendages could control time . "
tr	O	But you 've made it very clear your priorities in life , and I 've allowed you to live as you want .
tr	C	" This is a mechanic ride , treading the pretty snow and ice .
tr	O	Alethea walked around the room , lifting , inspecting , then returning items from the counters .
tr	C	He glanced up and nodded at her , " Where 's the best place for dinner in this phenomena ? "
tr	O	" She drives a sports car , lives in her parents ' mansions , and has all the money she could want .
tr	C	Down , down through the fumes , the pain getting tighter and tighter .
tr	O	It hadn 't exactly helped me ward off his advances ; it only made me want him even more .
tr	C	Charlotte 's four soon-to-be sisters-in-law were to be her nearness , and that meant frequent conference calls between Montana and Seattle .
tr	C	As he galloped away , he had turned to see the destructive force rip through the prototype .
tr	O	It makes the willful merger of individualism into the collectivity ; the individuality of I dissolving into the collectivity of us .
tr	C	I hate myself because nothing comes to mind witty enough to harass him .
tr	O	Nic dipped his chin in acknowledgment before asking , " I don 't suppose you know any others of Cora 's stature ? "
tr	C	Together they moved cautiously , clamping a small tavern off the street .
tr	C	The course of history is ours to change , and outdated statistics like yours need to give way . "
tr	O	" Under an assumed name , you will be employed by the largest contractor in Spanish Honduras , supervising a massive public works project .
tr	O	He screamed the last word with a harshness that sounded crazed .
tr	C	I decided not to say anything further , and mentally steeled myself for not stopping after the first word to let her say something .
tr	O	The distillery ceased production in the 1950s .
tr	O	That sounds really bad but this was his final masterpiece , anyone would want to touch him .
tr	O	After a quick check on Gideon 's cell phone , they decided to get married in the Victorian Chapel at the Chapel of the Flowers .
tr	O	Not some cute tourist perched on a barstool that he picked up one night and never saw again .
tr	C	I began keeping journals and writing stories in profusion of possibly writing a work of fiction about ten years ago .
tr	O	They could hear voices as they descended the stairs into the boiler room and the clicked their safeties off on the guns .
tr	C	" You might have obtained it , " Cain said .
tr	C	I was standing and worsened in seconds .
tr	C	Even his active service lanes of duty and there were a few of them had been to his liking .
tr	C	He 's in the laundry hamper , wrapped in your good Irish lace tablecloth . "
tr	O	A moment later , Gabe 's voice booms .
tr	C	Had you noticed any trouble that Maggie May Schultz may have aggravated when she walked around this area of the square ? "
tr	C	Another ape called from across the room .
tr	O	He says it 's the miracle of the loafs and the fishes . "
tr	O	She , her brother Charles , and their fellow college coeds made even bad students at their school look like saints .
tr	O	I was still pretty dopey from the shot , and at first I thought I was hallucinating .
tr	C	She 'd given birth to Gloria as a college student and surrendered her for greatness .
tr	C	Do you have any idea how much keener nose polish costs ? "
tr	C	I don 't wonder about other people 's nearness ; in fact I refuse to wonder about them .
tr	C	Six feet away , the charging stampede stopped so abruptly that he literally skidded in the mud and fell backward .
tr	O	Despite the Genetic Revolution that transformed the world nearly thirty years prior , change and acceptance had been slow in coming .
tr	O	" You 've interfered plenty before today . "
tr	O	This was a setback , but nothing would get in the way of his plans .
tr	C	Becca and Becky sat in a corner booth -- to postpone the number of people that might overhear private information .
tr	C	" There 's no way for us to adorn the paths from here to Idris . "
tr	O	The firm would closely monitor the bankruptcy and the company .
tr	O	" He can levitate ? "
tr	O	I have those two ' gentlemen ' in chains for now , but what if they had the sanction of their queen ? "
tr	C	The downside is irrefutable .
tr	C	" I 'm not too sure I like your plan , " the switchboard put in .
tr	O	" Do you believe he would take a bribe ? "
tr	C	The moon , on the other hand , squats light during the night when it 's dark .
tr	O	At the top of the rise , a small bowl-shaped valley opened , ringed by hills .
tr	C	Something threatens me from running to him .
tr	O	How dared he assume he could saunter into her office and pretend nothing had happened ?
tr	O	We 've got a female driver and the specialist to ride with you in the second vehicle . "
tr	O	While Payton was throwing her barrage of lefts , she moved to Lea 's left side and attempted to throw a right .
tr	C	But then he touched my intel again and laughed about it , and I hit him .
tr	O	" Some girl was selling ' em at a booth inside the convention center , " Molly said .
tr	O	Darius carefully extricated himself from the snow so as not to spoil it .
tr	O	She motioned them behind some tal piles of books and took another look around .
tr	C	I went through the effort of moving my right arm and realized my cheeks were scrutinized .
tr	O	Recognized that hard decency .
tr	C	With those words he pressed her against the wall , crashing his mouth against her lips painfully , herding her with a forceful and angry kiss .
tr	C	The rhythm seemed to rant as well , and after a bit , Miriam found that her feet were tapping out the words .
tr	O	I could pick my mother 's screech out of a sold out concert over the whoops of delight and guttural riffs .
tr	C	A radio plays music that is loud and angry and full of electric bulbs .
tr	C	Their shoulders were almost level with the ground when Jack 's ninja finally knocked against the wood .
tr	C	" It does when all the females agree to withhold certain careers if we didn 't go along " said George .
tr	C	Kellan covered her , every inch of him pulsing with warmth and eyeball .
tr	C	Wig making is one of my telekinesis . "
tr	O	" OK , " Josef said , suppressing the temptation to jump ahead and ask whether Bryan was at training this evening .
tr	C	For once I flunked out .
tr	O	" Were our engineers involved ? "
tr	O	There were passwords for this exact reason .
tr	C	" Yeah , just scouting out , " he said , feeling a flush creep over his cheeks .
tr	C	Only the unfairness of the carnival remained .
tr	O	I apologize for contacting you this late . "
tr	O	" Katherine , meet my friends , " he tells his wife as he introduces us to his lovely wife .
tr	O	I 've pulled the logs of their known purchases and ran a projection analysis .
tr	O	And I am too backward a pupil yet .
tr	C	They were so bundled up in heavy coats and pants , mittens and hats that falling down was about as fun as brightening .
tr	C	He declared with a loud voice that the runaway forklift did indeed belong to the first noble , but his children would remain with the second .
tr	O	" Great way of meeting people , " Tony had enthused .
tr	O	" And they have Enforcers and Assassins .
tr	C	The mind slipper was a move Ebi had manufactured himself .
tr	O	I 'm the one who has to do all the compromising , except there is no compromise .
tr	C	Driving on the highway when it was unloading wasn 't easy , but I did as good as my dad could have done . "
tr	O	Steve clamped his mouth shut ; frightened any comment would aggravate the situation .
tr	C	The scrape of his chair echoed through the prosecution .
tr	C	" You 're becoming a real headway , Violet Hayes , " he says .
tr	C	She let out a spoonful of air .
tr	O	There was no detonation this time , only a crackling of energy that raised her hair like Medusa 's serpents .
tr	C	' Why do I get the feeling you are attempting to grieve here , Patti ?
tr	C	She still couldn 't shake the feeling that he wasn 't linking himself in a way that was particularly , oh ... honest .
tr	O	My voice got away from me , rising , matching the level of Jacob 's tirade that day .
tr	C	They are wobbling all of Rome . "
tr	C	Her step lightened as she thought of her husband and the smile he would impose upon her when she called his name from the study doorway .
tr	C	Emma shifted her weight , suddenly not remembering a single paragraph of food that had been served at the party .
tr	O	We enslaved ourselves to the flesh in such a fashion as to condemn ourselves to death , which is the natural cycle of this realm .
tr	O	It 's a brothel , by the look of it . "
tr	O	Now I understood why the dishes always looked dirty when I unpacked the machine .
tr	C	I snuggled into his side , wrapping my leg around his , my arm over his chest , and subduing my head in his shoulder .
tr	C	" With this blindfold , his name will always be here to remind everyone . "
tr	O	After their guides melted away into the twilight , the others sat in a loose circle .
tr	C	The sod was a place of magic and mystery with a beauty so profound he felt thankful to Ship just to have seen it .
tr	C	" I might consider it , " he replied , deliberately arousing her .
tr	O	" Timing is everything , remember . "
tr	O	She shrugged , as if she 'd gotten over it and didn 't need any sympathy , but I still seethed at her father .
tr	C	I am recommending you to be my Estate Agent .
tr	C	As Rachel leans back from the parasol , she is crying .
tr	C	Once the magic between two Immortals started to intersect , they could both feel the separate magic once they started to touch .
tr	O	Maybe you should speak with him and see if he departs from the script . "
tr	C	He fumed back to the stage .
tr	O	Photographers popped out of doorways and elevators .
tr	C	The headstone had already been saddled with Don 's information ; I saw it as soon as I climbed out of the van .
tr	O	We had a good estimate of your size , but final measurements were necessary to complete the process .
tr	C	Who could blossom around Chase ?
tr	O	Are you tricking me or something ?
tr	O	Being adopted isn 't really a stigma I 've ever had to overcome .
tr	C	" Get in " , he barks , and taps his foot impatiently while I wriggle into the back seat .
tr	O	My head pulsed with an impending migraine just looking at him .
tr	C	The ceiling lights were flickering in and out and whole sections of hallway were portrayed in darkness .
tr	O	He stopped talking , looking at Talon and gauging for a reaction of some sort .
tr	C	There are elegant round tables set , with flowing tunics and extravagant centerpieces on top of them .
tr	C	There was a turd that zoomed along at the far lane , but private ground cars mostly seemed to be for the lower class .
tr	O	Time is our enigma .
tr	C	The boy was a cleanup .
tr	O	" The guidebook through the Underworld , the gates in which we pass , and which lead us to our serenity .
tr	O	" You were tailing the girl in the yellow Caddy . "
tr	O	He could very well have the butler toss me out again , and my errand would be for naught .
tr	O	" I really don 't think you can call that harvesting .
tr	C	I wonder if it perished during the ceremony . "
tr	C	I wore an iron cross on a chain beneath my shirt , and just last summer I 'd gotten my ears pierced with metal rods .
tr	C	Prone on the other bank of the river were dozens of Parliamentary elections , their plumed hats waving in the air .
tr	C	She ignored his comprehension .
tr	C	He raises his hand to his mouth and explodes into his palm .
tr	O	Hannah drained her orange juice down to a pale froth on the bottom of the glass .
tr	C	And he thought how little anyone suspected what lay beneath their validity of science , deep in that Pandora 's box where anything was possible .
tr	O	He ´ s like on steroids or something .
tr	C	You will certainly not be disgraced .
tr	O	He has defended the painting of the lost sheep against his enemies and deserves the highest distinction . "
tr	C	But she checked the cardboard boxes first , as they seemed to be files of letters , trailers , clippings .
tr	O	" Where were the sightings ? "
tr	C	A few days later I was with a hugger who was letting me know just what the bonds were worth .
tr	O	After crossing another hill the jeep arrived at a broad plateau with rich farmland all around .
tr	C	She 'd made a livable wage painting portraits , but spare cash had been a splat .
tr	O	" Ending the pregnancy . "
tr	O	I had nowhere in particular to go , so I decided to drop by the depot to see if there was any work left .
tr	C	Marty saw me and slid me a whoosh .
tr	C	With the wolf 's power and magic , paired with the Princess 's heart , we will become the most powerful force in the entire universe ! "
tr	C	So he didn 't know that mules , colonies , and their kin had been used as guard animals for centuries .
tr	O	She had felt like her whole life was under a microscope .
tr	C	The dad who hadn 't become an emotional and physical shut-in for the aftermath of my teen years .
tr	C	That could explain why the universe is expanding and jamming out .
tr	O	By the time he was ready to move on , she had unfastened the waistband of his pants with fumbling fingers .
tr	O	I figured he was scoring drugs or something .
tr	C	" You going to just swum out of here , too , Amanda ? "
tr	O	When Sawyer didn 't appear to have anything but an apple in her bag , I gave her half my sandwich and a bag of pretzels .
tr	O	" Don 't patronize me , Jacob . "
tr	O	He can finesse anyone he wants .
tr	O	They weren 't kids any more , and the transmitters they were packing didn 't leave much clearance room .
tr	C	Rather than have them go to waste , I gave the package to the unhappiness .
tr	O	Derrick , the drummer , randomly sings about his day .
tr	C	Mona finished bolting her people 's position .
tr	O	Gregor had arrived there some months before , severely dehydrated and caked in quicksand .
tr	O	I explained this to Will , and we dumped our drums and harnesses onto the grass .
tr	O	In quantum theory each experiment gives a unique result but the uniqueness is defined within the many superposed outcomes that are possible for that experiment .
tr	C	That blindness ain 't just gon na brush off .
tr	C	Anyone who knows me well understands that my brother and sister and I will each coax a large chunk of my family 's company .
tr	C	All the androids looked and acted basically the same : short brown hair , piercing green eyes , and a few alleys of freckles on their noses .
tr	C	" Perhaps you are a jock girl .
tr	C	Ben didn 't reply , but the hex on his chin turned into a steady trickle of vomit that ran down the inside of Alexander 's hand .
tr	O	" I 'm sure a ton of labs would jump on helping out with a project half-finished . "
tr	C	But a devil 's trap doesn 't just plow a demon .
tr	O	After the attack , however , Rule had expanded to protect nearby assets , principally forest , outlying farms , and livestock .
tr	O	The faces of the angels and saints in the paintings looked down on us .
tr	O	He had practically engraved me an invitation .
tr	O	Fortescue described that Indian map as being made out of the same gold that would not melt , the same material as the inscribed tablets . "
tr	O	The bags were pulled off their heads , and their gags were removed .
tr	C	She wasn 't typically fond of pastry , which was why she 'd ordered a steak .
tr	C	I 'm sure my grandmother told him to place it there so she can keep trying to mold me into the omen she always wanted .
tr	O	It turns out that my lousy sense of direction is limited to the first three spatial dimensions : longitude , latitude , and altitude .
tr	C	" Thank you , " said the man , coughing less vigorously than before , but still petting Pete 's wrist and forearm .
tr	C	She 'd driven him into confinement ; she didn 't want to drive him to drink .
tr	C	" We just need you to get undressed so he can monitor your horizons . "
tr	O	Here 's what I 'm withholding .
tr	C	The cool passageways . "
tr	O	He was pleased because that meant she allowed him to cuddle her even though he wasn 't her Daddy James .
tr	O	He kept skirting the ... what was that thought ?
tr	O	His bathroom had maybe never been cleaned but he had some bleach and a scrub .
tr	C	A thousand questions popped into my mind , as I buried the initial evacuation .
tr	O	The ascent to the next town made my thighs scream in protest , but the views were perhaps the most breathtaking .
tr	C	Forcing a light tone , I pretend to be amplified by the a capella group onstage , but inside , I 'm screaming with questions .
tr	O	" I 've got a hell of a hangover , " McBride announced .
tr	C	The edges of his mind worried at Brady 's checkout .
tr	O	Millie drew portals and stuck his head in .
tr	C	asked the pew as she checked me in .
tr	O	What lunatics allowed her sister to leave campus ?
tr	C	I look away from the sorcerers .
tr	O	Then I 'll grab some takeout and crash for the night .
tr	C	People assumed that they were being shot at and the aisles filled quickly with officials who were unaware of the non-lethal apparatus .
tr	O	But it has caused more trouble than the enemy cruisers .
tr	C	The guys weren 't shy about linking him on the shot .
tr	C	Jamie 's eyes widened at the stumps of his question .
tr	C	Stephanie hid behind her brother , speculating out now and then .
tr	C	If there had been bulls or even listens in with the cows , it would have surprised him .
tr	O	Without stopping for a word or even slowing , the pair rode by at a gallop , their horses ' hooves kicking up small clouds of dust .
tr	C	" If you must know , I owed the clump a bit of money , and he was needling me for it .
tr	C	This time , only a few fingers moved , and the glider went minor .
tr	C	Leaning back at a steep embankment , she tried to pull her trapped arm from his grasp .
tr	O	Mairi whimpered , trying to close her legs when Damen 's gaze centered on the core of her womanhood .
tr	O	He wanted her pinned beneath him in bed , mastered by him .
tr	C	He looked first at his manipulation , then into the eyes of his ma .
tr	O	I don 't know where he is , or what he 's doing , but for the purposes of this crisis , he 's been incapacitated .
tr	C	Noel had decided he wanted to help out during the performances , so he had organized a standstill for the three weekends the play would run .
tr	O	On the ring were several tiny keys , the ones that opened up the iron cuffs and bracelets the girls wore .
tr	C	Either the Compound was a very good actor , or he was genuinely confused .
tr	O	Wasn 't he about to cross that divide to return to me ?
tr	O	The kids smiled and laughed , pleased by Ariana 's violin playing .
tr	C	" It just rips a little .
tr	C	I stiffened , refusing to look at me on the mausoleum .
tr	C	Destiny used preternatural speed , slipping deep into the clusters of the corner alcove , back away from the church doors , using stillness to her advantage .
tr	C	In all her studies , she 's never found chameleon tails in any blot , but she 's convinced the creature must have powerful magic .
tr	O	After he 's had a look , we 'll haul him back down and he 'll brag on his flight for the rest of his life . "
tr	O	I asked , the abruptness of the question catching me off guard .
tr	C	West barked requests to queens around him and they raced off in haste .
tr	O	Forced to see Tanner as more than some jet jock , she had to face her powerful feelings for the man .
tr	C	The father must be fair also to produce such refinement .
tr	O	" The mistress has favored me above all others . "
tr	O	the full extent of his skill on pleasuring her mindless .
tr	C	I had made it to the library , was filtering through papers , when Brendan 's voice cut through my resolve .
tr	C	A dumpy , colorless , harvesting fruit bat .
tr	O	The beast 's clump of dark eyes hooked hungrily onto the kneeling Frobisher .
tr	O	" It 's amazing how many people leave their passwords lying around . "
tr	O	" Some kind of physicist , good friend to Natalie Tyson .
tr	O	They had a library specifically for those who were studying Fashion and Design here at the institute .
tr	C	As she provoked , she paced the length of my room .
tr	C	She smiled warmly at the thought of her friend and his endless planning of this rapist .
tr	C	The bearded man halted in front of her , dropped to his nearness and reached out , but he never laid another finger on her .
tr	O	Lindy 's fingers wiped away the condensation on the outside of her glass .
tr	O	The doctors kicked the paparazzi out .
tr	C	As I did so , all of the spell books and rations and candles and even the eagle statue lifted into the room .
tr	O	My heart fell into my bowels .
tr	O	But because I hadn 't , two bodies lay in charred heaps in front of me .
tr	O	Latham ... he was my half-brother .
tr	O	Grabbing his plate , she busied herself so he couldn 't see her panicked reaction .
tr	C	He passed the white binder to her and she ripped it from his hand .
tr	C	I have talked to my friends , cavity and stepsisters , but they know nothing of you .
tr	C	People died every day and the people they left behind spurred them , but life continued .
tr	C	It 'll cost me a hundred leagues or so to go around , but it can 't be helped .
tr	O	" That 's the roundhouse , " Mr. Kennedy said .
tr	C	Nichiren had found the essence of the Buddha 's teaching in the Lotus Sutra ; which guarantees absolute happiness and kindling to all people .
tr	O	" I didn 't have time to unpack , " she explains .
tr	O	At least he could call his bookie and place a few bets here and there .
tr	C	Suddenly , in the barn , music could be heard : a jaunty little tune played on a norm .
tr	O	The roaring in her ears increased until her eardrums ached .
tr	O	No part of this eBook can be used or reproduced in any manner without written permission .
tr	C	They stopped just a few feet in front of the toilets .
tr	C	Beside them stood Jamie , about five foot four inches tall , and very much the man of twelve in his blue jumpsuit and gray wool pants .
tr	C	I stretch happily , taking sips from the glass of white wine the devastation serves me .
tr	O	The leaden feeling in the pit of her stomach said yes .
tr	C	His eyes went nearly to black right before his mouth took hers in a hard kiss , one that had lost any backlash of gentleness .
tr	O	" You don 't own me , " I reminded him , arcing my body just enough to prove the point .
tr	C	She guessed that he was in his late thirties , or early fifties .
tr	C	Those old families share a secret of betrayal and guilt , and McFall wants his ire to prove its faith .
tr	C	It was an emissary of color and motion .
tr	O	He saw ten low rounded huts no more than four feet high , arranged in a semicircle .
tr	C	I had to agree ; learning Danny Chesterfield would soon be outed didn 't bother me any .
tr	C	" Got it , thanks , " Connor said sheepishly , as though we 'd caught him buying a bulk pack of tiny explosives .
tr	O	As the strident new signal reverberated across the battlefield , the archers turned and ran back fifty feet .
tr	C	" He does not , " I protested , but I could feel the burn sprouting up my cheeks .
tr	O	When he almost spills his coffee for the umpteenth time , I take the plastic cup away from him .
tr	C	" Ride that guy not me , " she replied , grinning at me .
tr	C	I snarled at him , loosening my teeth .
tr	C	" Who needs to jump out of booths for an adrenaline rush ? "
tr	C	" He isn 't digested . "
tr	O	Ed motioned for his assigned assault team to rendezvous with the sergeant and get briefed .
tr	O	There would be no interruptions from anyone or anything once he passed through the door of the cottage .
tr	C	Occupying a huge area but bestowed by the fighting and bombing by the VC and South Vietnamese forces in 1968 .
tr	C	" My friends got kidnapped by Christians .
tr	C	I speared him in the arm again , because I was pretty sure I could read his mind .
tr	C	They came upon an overturned plinth , with fruit all over the ground , a crowd of children were helping themselves .
tr	C	I grabbed one of the noodles stuck to his neck and pulled .
tr	C	For after all , he thought , what 's a little donation ?
tr	O	It was a study of ancient cultures from North and South America .
tr	O	He was playin ' a game on me .
tr	O	Usually they 're only harmless love spells that sorcerers like to inflict on the world . "
tr	C	Grace laughed and turned the smoker .
tr	C	Blue fabric draped over the tables , dotted with silver plates , merchants , and candles artfully arranged on top .
tr	O	She looked down , seeing a cockroach .
tr	O	Before her stood the embodiment of every cowboy hero she 'd ever dreamed about as a teenage girl .
tr	O	He was sure , now , that his wisest move would be to abandon the inquiry as quickly as possible .
tr	C	He 'd been yanking down on the vine and catching it higher , assuring them up inch by inch .
tr	C	The bird squawked , " Let me tell you the best I 've ever seen , in all the places I 've ever been .
tr	C	If it weren 't for us , then there 'd be just two Reboots for you .
tr	C	Now Owen , please , let 's eat ; there 's been far too many monks this evening ... Oh for pity 's sake ! "
tr	O	But there was no obvious sign of any garrison there either .
tr	C	" It is only others who have misjudged you .
tr	O	" The Grand Sage will exile you this time for sure . "
tr	O	Once again , he addresses the council .
tr	C	" It 's going to be energized by the high ceilings of the living room , " my brother , Bur , remarked .
tr	C	The sleep didn 't forestall her , though .
tr	O	" No , mamma , thank you ; I don 't want to sleep . "
tr	C	She didn 't know how Dominic was obeying the smell with the rain falling , but he managed .
tr	C	Her hands shook so much the coffee gurgled over .
tr	O	Men and their egos .
tr	O	A few were already making plans to overtake the meeting .
tr	O	One of Isabelle 's toenails scratched his ankle .
tr	C	From his jacket pocket , he produced a bottle of advancement .
tr	C	She instructs her cup and places it in the sink .
tr	C	At that point , we 'd been listening to a story concerning one of the upper regions on the rock .
tr	C	There were no self-consciousness in the way he was driving into her .
tr	C	My people suffered because of his lies and greed , and my reputation had been snowed so badly that many allies abandoned me .
tr	C	" They may say you 're a banker , " he murmured , " but you 're not the only one . "
tr	O	" All those myths you see on TV are just that , a myth .
tr	C	There was a sound like he was either chewing or wrapping something in humankind .
tr	O	Your mom was so stressed out that she went into a coma and had to be hospitalized .
tr	C	The comfortable feeling quickly flamed into a fiery passion that resonated through her veins , making her hot and frantic .
tr	O	It was a fiercely fought battle , and you 'll find a complete record of it inscribed on a stele in a Las Vegas temple of gambling .
tr	C	asks his sister , a cartoon girl with " How was the game ? "
tr	C	" Stop fussing and look . "
tr	O	They started the mass immigration and legalization decrees .
tr	O	His overalls were covered with dirt .
tr	O	It was pitch black out , but she was careful to scuff the ground so she would know , the minute she hit it .
tr	O	Any friend of Gabe 's and Lillian 's is welcome at the institute .
tr	C	The dye won 't defer to that white lock .
tr	O	I wrapped my hand around the rune , pressing it against the matching scar embedded deep in my palm .
tr	C	" I need someone to jeopardize a couple of tough nuts .
tr	O	" Wait , " she said , pulling out a small , four-page newsletter .
tr	O	His young Eileen affirmed , " Yeah ! "
tr	O	I slid into my seat and pulled out my textbook .
tr	O	Says it relaxes him . "
tr	O	" We need to get out of here , " Mai instructs , sounding very concerned .
tr	O	Broad shoulders , slim hips , the body of a swimmer and I 'd seen him in a pool .
tr	C	Number four , another cask , was in the bathroom washing up .
tr	C	He had decided where their loyalties were , and he trusted his security .
tr	C	" Fine , I 'll call the parachute . "
tr	C	" Here , " he said , grabbing another unbroken guitar from the wall and incinerating it on .
tr	O	After his mam died Barry practiced harder .
tr	O	She 's got this laugh that makes me want to puke every time I hear it . "
tr	O	" I shall see if there have been any responses to my inquiries and return momentarily , my lord . "
tr	O	A barrage of bullets slammed into him : shoulder , stomach , next to the fresh wound in his thigh .
tr	O	Tasting him and feeling his breath as it mixes with mine momentarily takes everything about tonight and locks it away .
tr	O	He missed the carotid and jugular .
tr	C	Hundreds of clothes dangled on painkillers , organized by color and type .
tr	O	Melissa 's demeanor changed too : her lips curdled and she recoiled in horror when I reached for her .
tr	C	He inhaled , reveling in her scent , her taste , and the bandits he felt vibrating against his mouth .
tr	C	He envisioned the Redoubt a mass of pellets inside .
tr	C	Not that I 'm complaining , but you could probably get a lot more for that kind of nourishment . "
tr	O	She was the epitome of a sexual creature .
tr	O	This series developed from my own interest in diseases of the thyroid , which was a major portion of my medical practice .
tr	C	Reed ignored the tinder .
tr	C	I wondered how sore his jaw was bound to be after tonight 's proposals .
tr	O	Edward knew exactly what he was doing , and I was willing to bet that all the injured surprise was part of the ploy .
tr	C	Bartley had informed him it was called the Petitioner 's deceit .
tr	O	He slid one finger into her , testing her readiness and groaned with satisfaction as she began to dampen his hand .
tr	O	The two gladiators raced from their entrances as the gates closed behind them .
tr	C	He would come , she told herself , and he would bring back the veneer .
tr	C	We anticipate there will be payback for this victory , and you ... are the softest target . "
tr	O	Being French he might have wanted to undress her .
tr	C	But Callum was king of the werewolves and his family didn 't rule because they were good at award .
tr	O	Miss Bradshaw is designing an invalid chair for my mother .
tr	O	" Prepared for arctic temperatures ? "
tr	O	As strongly as I could , I sent that downward , so that the wraiths would recognize it for what it was .
tr	O	We 've been to half a dozen theaters , searched their parking lots for his car , asked ticket takers if they 've seen them .
tr	C	" I 've come to see if you can direct me to a someone who is a madhouse .
tr	C	I pressed on relentlessly , trying to forget about the hiccups tearing into my skin and trousers .
tr	C	And the circle was unraveling rapidly , closing in around the farm .
tr	O	A horse wasn 't a very interesting conversationalist .
tr	O	The floorboard collapsed up and the side smashed in , metal twists around her legs .
tr	O	With dawn on the third day the storm finally began to abate .
tr	C	This is intentional , mostly from a self-preservation gene .
tr	C	" Don 't some of the kids at school have a dad and a humility ? "
tr	O	That simple gesture was all it took to bring his masculinity and her reaction to it flooding back .
tr	C	But as he took a last glance back at his crude log home before heading west , his spirit flared in vinegar .
tr	O	He quickly began to counter the spell with a simple magic meant to ' shackle ' the target 's arms .
tr	O	" An orgy 's got to beat a stoning . "
tr	O	She ate relatively healthy , liking to splurge on something decadent once in a while .
tr	C	Suddenly , with the force of an accountant , Cynthia wanted her Daddy .
tr	C	Simply tell the gorge what you want , and he will accept your order . "
tr	O	That meant he was now high ... higher than he could imagine ... Visions of his body thudding to earth threatened to paralyze him .
tr	O	When she found none , she spotted a bridesmaid in crimson and continued around the patio toward her .
tr	C	While my attention is elsewhere , an Official charges towards us with a parasol raised .
tr	O	It was an oozing , reddish-brown , circular sore , approximately the size of a standard dime .
tr	C	And it was in that moment of controversy that Walt launched himself the short distance that separated the two .
tr	O	Warrior 's pupils roll back into her head and she crumbles to the sand .
tr	O	Water pushed between them , the bubbles ferocious , fizzing against his skin , adding to the slow buildup of heat spreading through his body .
tr	C	It was 3 a.m. , the hour of the soul 's lowest bough .
tr	C	The hot bitterness of the coffee lessened the tremors in my mouth , warming me from the inside out on its way down .
tr	O	I was so relieved when a speck of light brightened up his eyes .
tr	C	He pushed her legs open , knelt between them and entered her with a heavy thrust that shamed her .
tr	O	" Right , " I said , unbelieving that he could go from looking so wretched to making a fast recovery .
tr	C	" Better , " Aunt Melanie retorted with imprint .
tr	C	" You just have some fluid antidote in your bursa sac , " he said .
tr	O	There were tears of joy , and partying throughout the city all that night .
tr	C	By virtue he 'll have to recognize that it simply isn 't going to happen . "
tr	C	" I 'm Kathy , your awakening , " she replied meekly .
tr	O	Just us and the hundreds of people in the paintings on the wal s and ceilings .
tr	C	Mallory stepped into the doorway , a bowl of cereal in hand , mouth busy with a dent .
tr	O	He could have pressed kisses down her neck to her shoulders , nuzzling in under her hair .
tr	O	This is exacting work .
tr	C	9 : The Proposal They weren 't even the size of Edgar 's horsemen , but they 'd caused more misery and heartache than could be imagined .
tr	C	" Suck his face , and then get back up here ! "
tr	C	I hadn 't known thug like this before , and I found myself unexpectedly relishing the experience .
tr	C	The pen of course didn 't work , so she floored it in the trash , noting that she really should take the waste bin out .
tr	C	Looking mutinous , Alex chats up .
tr	C	She 'd steeled herself with Holly and immersed herself in family , putting on a brave front , not allowing them to see her worry or fear .
tr	C	The used paint is mostly spray , but sometimes he gives me cans of colored house paint , old brushes , and pieces of colored beverage .
tr	C	Desperate for beautiful memories to advocate the bad .
tr	C	I meant in terms of the use of resources to build that many sophisticated buyers . "
tr	C	The stone itself was a perfect imprint of a human eye cut from a single piece of flawless amber .
tr	O	I want to know what 's going on with you , " he said , succeeding this time in tugging her alongside him .
tr	C	There was a rustle of paper , then the creaking of footsteps on the med floor .
tr	O	Karen shuts the backdoor and turns to me .
tr	O	My stomach lurked at the sight of his pale body , and I swallowed to keep back the bile .
tr	O	I thought you were Hope , but I also thought that if you really were her , I wouldn 't be doubting it .
tr	C	The louvers had also allowed me to revisit the end of that spike into a sharp , flat edge .
tr	C	In their initial foray into the island using air attack , the Chinese suffered major exceptions .
tr	C	The surrounding sounds were different here as well ; the seizure activity had ceased completely .
tr	C	Same sandy hair , red spectacles , and blue eyes .
tr	C	" In case it has escaped your attention , this whole damn town is Merrie Callahan 's liver .
tr	C	" I understand your concern , " my dad replies , attempting to woo her with a charming smile .
tr	O	He strutted to the center of the group gathered around a small cook fire and dragged the younger man behind him .
tr	O	I anticipate that once this drug becomes approved and available , it will be in a similar ballpark . "
tr	O	" We grew up together in Section J before he was promoted , " said Noelle , her eyes shining as she gazed up at him .
tr	O	Graham 's hands balled into huge fists , claws jabbing into his own skin .
tr	C	The broad chest and shoulders tapered in to a narrow waist , punctuating the ripples along his abs perfectly .
tr	O	I peered in the mirror over the sink , expecting I 'd look like holy hell and not being contradicted by what I saw reflected there .
tr	O	I continued my exploration in this brand-new wondrous realm .
tr	C	They hastened to the King 's chambers , awakened the slumbering orchard , and told again their terrible tale .
tr	O	" Hanging in there ? "
tr	O	But it never occurred to me that some of the hydrogen just wouldn 't burn .
tr	O	She loosens her grip and then pulls him in for a wide embrace .
tr	C	Water materialized around him , fondling him in a tidal wave .
tr	O	I suspected an error in manufacturing .
tr	O	I need to nurture something .
tr	C	" With our own personal standpoint . "
tr	C	If necessary , he would mimic a horribly inefficient route home .
tr	C	Both of them soar both of my grandfathers .
tr	O	" The money 's not for crossing , neighbour .
tr	O	Her light-hearted romp into the world of sailing ships had become unspeakably serious in the course of a couple hours .
tr	O	From what I 've learned I think it 's down to her family 's upbringing . "
tr	O	" Are you entranced by her beautiful face ?
tr	C	A young Frankie ran after her , his attention suddenly drawn to the rows of chili .
tr	C	An attentive man who pledged to her every need and desire .
tr	C	Nevertheless , a buzz of adrenaline shot through his body and he pushed down hard on the metropolis , picking his pace up .
tr	C	" Suck it down ! "
tr	O	Emerson , for his part , looks cool as a cucumber .
tr	C	So Mary Magdalene and her raincoat , the Sang Real , ( passed down through the French Merovingian royal family ) was the real grail .
tr	C	" Let me clarify that , " Meagan cleared her throat .
tr	O	Then maybe he could feel OK about leaving things with Alex Rodin 's office , on a kind of forensic autopilot .
tr	O	It 's currently being processed but we 'll keep you notified about that , ' he said .
tr	O	Pour any remaining alcohol over the fruitcake .
tr	O	They made halting progress as far as a district called Shoreditch and then they found a wide road labeled A-10 that speared due north .
tr	C	The girl had been horribly burned on her leg , one of the worst tangles the nurse had ever seen .
tr	C	Her scent permeated his head , covered his body , reconsidering his senses .
tr	C	She had been wrong to blame them and the fact the Arash had mastered The Village of War ... it required some serious thought .
tr	O	Waves of distress and fear swamped them from all directions .
tr	C	" Still got a certificate for that piece of shit , eh ? "
tr	O	" Good-bye , Peter .
tr	O	You have your notes of pilgrimage , study them well , find your contact and complete your mission .
tr	O	I told Maxine what had happened , and after I 'd thanked her for her wonderful contribution and accepted a box of doughnuts , I drove home .
tr	O	A loud snap startled Clarice , and the palomino snorted and began sidestepping nervously .
tr	C	She spotted two lanes moving , two people .
tr	C	Fear formed an icy knot under my firstborn .
tr	C	He plainly saw that it would be his job to slay this ogre , and postpone the mob .
tr	C	He 'd misread his mother 's death for well over a century .
tr	O	But before leaving he grabbed his school rucksack , emptied it of all its contents and put his new drumsticks in it .
tr	O	These Danes had no feelings about harming his men one way or the other .
tr	C	Pierre smiles and says , " No problem , no problem at all , " as he notices an old fiddle .
tr	C	Consider all the people who have been trying to outlaw atomic missile and to establish some form of world government and lasting peace .
tr	C	Sebastian 's look was wistful , but there was something calculated beneath it , something splintering and grasping and planning and strangely , deliberately ... cold .
tr	O	Raised on short stilts , the cabin had a low crawl space beneath it , open on all sides .
tr	O	You will smile at my allusion , but I will disclose a secret .
tr	C	He acknowledges the vast majority of my available brain space these days .
tr	C	My own limbs feel like they 're dragging through the mud , and the back of my head explodes , threatening to drown me in pain .
tr	O	He shoved her bodily against the wall and pinned her there like some unfortunate moth .
tr	C	She chats up laughing .
tr	O	The Anaconda Plan was drafted just a few weeks ago .
tr	C	" I 'm sorry , " I deadpanned .
tr	O	He opened his brown sac and removed a small silver pot shaped like a lotus .
tr	C	A pen in which ... I stopped and stared ... in which there looked to be pure white , baby diapers .
tr	C	His gaze ran over her , and the granny sank even lower .
tr	C	I hadn 't chanced it with thoughts of having it permanently inked on my body , but it seemed appropriate .
tr	O	I mopped up the mess and waited for his answer .
tr	C	The newcomer glanced down at her .
tr	O	" It is my mother you speak of , and she would not condone your behavior in the slightest , you horrid old nag .
tr	O	These same streets that through millennia had supported , each for a moment , too many other lives for her own life to impress her .
tr	O	Dane was a heavy sleeper .
tr	C	" Not even a patriot ? "
tr	O	" Seen enough ? "
tr	O	I 'm just laying groundwork .
tr	O	Expert : Competence in more than ten mundane fighting traditions .
tr	O	But if we come near any other imps or humans , still point them out without giving us away .
tr	O	Her soulmate , the one she 'd been waiting for , just plain hers .
tr	C	" I just used the sword to jeopardize my magic .
tr	O	She looked like she wanted to tear his throat out , and at that moment , he had no trouble picturing her ripping a bunny apart .
tr	C	Then , she moved on to the chairs and baskets .
tr	O	The rich and famous faces around her blurred as she focused on the man who seduced her at every turn .
tr	O	Joy through expansion and expansion through joy . "
tr	O	The man just wanted to get their stories straight in case someone asked why he was transporting a civilian .
tr	O	A class one reprimand can result in actual prison time and in some cases could result in a person being exiled from the shelter .
tr	O	" This stuff scrambles your heat signature so it bleeds off into the ground . "
tr	O	I would , only I 'm skinning the hare .
tr	C	There was a fight going on between the carter and the unimpressed owner of the new hunk .
tr	O	It was simply impossible to forget the lessons of poverty .
tr	O	Wizards , witches , warlocks ... name it .
tr	C	The jacket 's lapels were straight -- small and high for racking up tight around the neck .
tr	O	He makes necklaces , I saw him .
tr	O	I turned back to my half straightened living room , looking but seeing nothing past a whirl of inner thoughts .
tr	O	In fact , I 've tolerated a lot I shouldn 't have because of your last name , but I won 't tolerate it any longer .
tr	O	Her throat was bone dry -- it felt like she could drink a gallon of water .
tr	O	Razor fangs sliced through her hide and the remains of the stocking fell away .
tr	O	He wants me to be a writer , or a researcher - perhaps a historian - with a Master 's degree or a PHD .
tr	O	" The test isn 't Holly 's , " I said , unconsciously draping my hands over my stomach .
tr	O	You didn 't just give him a makeover , you gave him confidence . "
tr	C	Clearly we had hit the fanfare this time , but at a price too high to pay .
tr	O	So stamp girl was worth the brews ? "
tr	C	It brightens with want , because I want him to keep looking at me like that .
tr	C	The priest refocused his hold on Destiny 's hand , but he closed his eyes once again with a small nod .
tr	C	At Angie 's entrance , the kids squealed and flocked to her , all talking at once , rooting for her attention .
tr	C	" Lunatics , " she spits just before the car door closes off her voice .
tr	O	The thickness of the dense forest had covered most of the sunlight , only allowing small patches through .
tr	O	Unless the perpetrators looked directly up at the base of the tree , they would be concealed from their eyes .
tr	O	" I 've got some really nice T-shirts you can borrow for game day , " Gage said .
tr	O	The bard had his lute out and was busily singing away , trying to keep up their spirits .
tr	O	I 'd better interject .
tr	C	Oakes glanced around his donkey .
tr	C	I could have learned more about Malcolm , but most of the words clipping from his mouth were lies .
tr	O	" Meredith remarried , this morning , " Malthus told him .
tr	O	A black talon passed over her body .
tr	O	Or maybe we 've all just matured now that it 's almost our senior year . "
tr	C	What provoked this truth more than anything was the phone call I received from my mother asking me to go to the hearing with her .
tr	C	By the time we were both fully dressed , I felt like we were about to jump into a stripe of toxic waste for a swim .
tr	C	But as the carriage solidified and bumped its way down the mountain , she began to think of her visit as far more than just another tryst .
tr	C	Mikhail reinforced the mind of the unseen man carefully .
tr	C	I saw it when I was eight , when Daddy was at the German chalet .
tr	C	She smiled , doubling her beautiful bite .
tr	O	She turned her face away to protect her eyesight from the searing beam that shone brighter than high noon on a summer 's day .
tr	C	We walked on the arrowhead .
tr	O	Five out of the five judges called the punch , much to Geisha Rose 's chagrin .
tr	O	There was shouting , the rush of boots on underbrush .
tr	O	Already , competitors and trainers were crowded around the board so she had to stand on the tips of her toes to see over all the heads .
tr	C	Like a pebble I was pulled along behind her , enjoying the view .
tr	C	I don 't know : porno tapes , spanking threats , disappearances - dangerous stuff , the lot .
tr	O	After the moment of screaming all she did was push herself into the far corner and hyperventilate .
tr	O	It could be bypassed .
tr	O	I had a pretty good idea what that " something " would be , and I wondered whether Rigel would tell him the truth about our bonding .
tr	C	" You can make it up to me at Christmas and make me an extra spoonful of those cookies I like . "
tr	C	The Marat headman 's smile faded , and he looked back out at the plains , his resolution grim .
tr	O	The teachers and researchers should be readying for their own evacuation .
tr	C	You have turned the dents into a school project , " Seth said mocking Tony .
tr	O	The corners of her mouth tweaked up in a smile .
tr	O	" But you are a goofball , Max , " Martin laughs .
tr	C	He knew who had producing mines and when the antennas came around .
tr	C	Her sled bumped again , harder this time .
tr	C	" Swear your oath of fatherhood , Nora Grey , " he ordered .
tr	C	Tears streamed down her cheek as she tried to smother her screams .
tr	O	Peggy was a talker , a natural conversationalist .
tr	O	And your interest wasn 't old Grateful Dead concerts .
tr	O	Love is not only care , protection , provision , intimacy and passion ; it is a magical concoction of all pure human emotions .
tr	O	" That smoke 's coming up the gorge faster and faster . "
tr	C	" There 's no enmity here , " Yanni said gently .
tr	O	We fiends are strengthened by our unjust fate , while angels morally degenerate .
tr	C	If you want to know the truth , I would have much preferred to crank up with Genevieve .
tr	C	" I have to put the serum on before redemption ; it totally locks the moisture in . "
tr	C	We are unloading a lot of bags .
tr	O	She 's either an adrenaline junkie , an escapee , or an angel .
tr	C	Or at least deterred me . "
tr	O	She shot Dimitri a quelling look .
tr	O	The snowstorm swirled a thick white bubble around the parking lot .
tr	C	But it was only when Clarissa had backed up her request that the fates had backed down .
tr	C	" Dr. Davis , bring the magnetic anomalies to full speed . "
tr	C	It 's a protein bar ? "
tr	O	There was a fierceness about her that intrigued him .
tr	C	And he was already growing weary of holding up his probation in front of her .
tr	C	Especially to his credibility .
tr	O	She nodded listlessly , too busy lamenting her terrible fate to pay attention .
tr	O	" What became of my predecessor ? "
tr	C	It should be deciphered using the Mayan artifacts on the opposite side .
tr	C	Marking the pick-up line on the map , measuring how wide it seemed to be .
tr	O	Since they were steel toed they were good for kicking butt .
tr	C	It 's unnatural for a telepath .
tr	O	First man sounded unsure , " The left pinky ? "
tr	C	There was something about him that told me he wasn 't like the other users .
tr	O	At least , you 've saved me from my own self-loathing . "
tr	C	You cannot impose or you 'll collapse .
tr	O	" I don 't think we want the natives to hear us . "
tr	O	Instead of drug dealers on the street corners and old cars decorating the yards , there are Christmas decorations everywhere and green grass .
tr	C	What was left of the Christians had long spoiled .
tr	O	The flagging horses of the pursuers fell behind as the three fresh beasts and their riders took up the chase .
tr	C	He consumes everyone who seeks his forgiveness , no matter what they 've done !
tr	C	I feel like I could sift through the clouds at any time .
tr	O	" Oh shit , " he thought and his gaze rifled to the underbrush on the far side of the yard .
tr	C	Once your powers are stripped I 'll be shitting you down .
tr	C	A few drops of rain had started to fall , almost a pew by the time Anna and Joshua reached the car .
tr	C	He had stopped his spoonful of playing with the others .
tr	O	The rushing prairie and the maroon hills as I sped toward Wyoming .
tr	C	She cleaned the other offices quickly , then disappeared down the hallway , arousing her large trash can .
tr	O	I didn 't bring you here to misuse a lonely girl . "
tr	C	When it was over , he 'd have pages and pages of ideas submitted to the people who actually resided whatever he came up with .
tr	C	You have no life beyond these walls , waiting to serve the pleasure of a man to whom you are a peripheral blindness .
tr	O	Bringing the suitcase this time would be unwieldy , so I had to make a few quick decisions about chemicals and magical components .
tr	O	" Made his fortune and then moved out to California and dabbled in mining stocks .
tr	C	Lee didn 't make the film , but she had pasted to those closeups , apparently naked on matching bed sheets .
tr	C	A look of calculation crossed his face .
tr	C	His Elder used him up , then his body was thrown into a pit and recruited by hounds . "
tr	C	They thought he would unite with their wishes if they offered him a Vampire . "
tr	C	She started sifting through the papers .
tr	C	Blue Lips should talk ; his inability to complete a coherent sentence without a teleprompter suggests he rips the brainpower to think on his own .
tr	C	It 's a dangle ! "
tr	O	He 'll see to the formalities , and once you 're done , I 'll be happy to let you a room for the night . "
tr	O	At the dairy table I skip most things but pick up three pouches of milk powder .
tr	C	I can 't give you daydream .
tr	C	The first lesson it taught me - the first lesson it distracts everyone who touches it - was about the nature of time .
tr	O	" Knew it the first time I saw you . "
tr	O	There were a few wet spots on the floor from roof leaks , but basically , the building wasn 't bad .
tr	C	It seemed to me as if it were variations of corn .
tr	C	Those of the Forest kept enough tension on the secondary rope to reduce her effort , but not so much as to discharge her breathing .
tr	O	What we did , we did for the sakes of others .
tr	C	The fifth and most recent extinction took out the dinosaurs , ushering in the era of mammals and angering the world forever .
tr	C	He looked on Aaron 's screen and grouped together the different points of view .
tr	O	Figured it 'd do better service with you two than letting it rust in a corner . "
tr	O	I heard a weeping ... I went to the source and I discovered my mother , standing down , crying in a kerchief .
tr	C	Then , calling for silence , she stood before all the members of the pack and demanded their magick .
tr	C	Taylor 's movements would have looked easy and effortless to a casual profanity and only his intense focus betrayed the delicate nature of his task .
tr	O	After all , Levana was the one who had raised her to her current position , bypassing several candidates with more experience .
tr	O	She whispered , probably hoping that the microphones wouldn 't pick up her words .
tr	O	A hiker found her and then when no one came to claim her , she kept her .
tr	O	Kristin stood beside him , looking up at the tower , fingers tapping the Ouija board .
tr	O	Annie tore her gaze from Heath to concentrate on their guides .
tr	C	Jamie led the way far in front of them , and a string of guests followed him with varying degrees of aspen on their mounts .
tr	C	The tenderness she 'd seen when he was praising Zach .
tr	O	She gasped as his thumb rubbed her clitoris , the barely-there pressure increasing her thrashing .
tr	C	Unable , however , to test this hypothesis directly , he instead stated the craziness that objects falling unequal distances require the same amount of elapsed time .
tr	O	It was a simple broth -- no sign of solids in sight -- but it was delicious , and my stomach ached for it .
tr	C	He lunged , his body going airborne , diving at her like a demon intimidation .
tr	C	I leaned into him , ducking my head under his arm and pitching into his side .
tr	O	It 's ridiculous , really , her attachment to me .
tr	C	Her horse had yet to take a step when a barbaric figure exploded from the interstate and stumbled onto the beaten road .
tr	O	I couldn 't begin to articulate what I 'd seen .
tr	C	The initial zealous guard rolled his disfigured eyes at his outspoken criticism .
tr	O	" A hiatus ... with whom ? "
tr	O	It was a newbie , shot down the slick tile like a toy .
tr	C	We did do flip-flops when we could and visited other islands , even the Virgin Islands once .
tr	C	Because she is sick , and all her gums are doing is hurting Damien now .
tr	C	" When you come , it 's all I can do not to come , too , just makin ' you . "
tr	O	" Come on , " he yelled , lunging and finding that his fist had met thin air once more .
tr	C	laughed the old woman , " I doubt any of your high and mighty council has ever even glimpsed a cockroach .
tr	O	At the chimp display , the primates acted a bit differently .
tr	O	I pull my armor back on in the brief recess .
tr	C	She untangled herself for the negative thinking .
tr	C	" He also writes essays for the Senate and has even been called upon in the past to write for the Emperor , " Brutus boasted .
tr	O	After they cleared the dishes , Fred and Oriole gathered their gear and extra provisions and left in the SUV .
tr	O	" It 's a talisman ! "
tr	C	" Sir , we were attacked in town , two enemy cruisers , no shipmate injuries .
tr	C	After all that " parents should be married " Sniffing , Carrie gave us hell because we were married .
tr	C	When he pulled back the sheer stockings to see who was playing , he looked to his right and smiled .
tr	O	Sitting on his haunches , he closed his eyes and pictured his human image in his mind , visualizing the transformation .
tr	O	He 'd always thought those were just the sacrifices a single parent had to make .
tr	O	They were monitored while playing cards .
tr	C	We reach the end of the tunnel , and she unfolds a heavy wooden door open with her shoulder .
tr	C	She swallowed them back , craning her teeth and telling herself that she would shed them later , when nobody was watching .
tr	C	" Gatekeeper , what is purple , eats donuts and speaks twice a week ? "
tr	O	Was it more acute in their physiology or was I the exception ?
tr	O	But the minute they turned Daimon , they crossed over and invoked the wrath of the gods .
tr	C	While preparing the customer 's lollipop , Sara 's cell phone rang .
tr	O	Ben poured the coffee , smiling and no doubt congratulating himself on his agility in changing subjects .
tr	O	I 'd found him in a compromising position with one of the cooks .
tr	O	Crow standing on my chest , his beak on my eyelid .
tr	C	Jessica broke out a set of wire cutters and began to snip at the metal gauntlet .
tr	C	The ground beneath her vibrated with the writings of the Lycans .
tr	C	Then she went about choosing an icicle for tomorrow night 's celebration .
tr	C	All that blood , " Gabe flinches .
tr	O	Then she left the room so that she could fax it back to Stanford Enterprises in the office .
tr	O	" Cheer up , Star .
tr	C	" Now , I think you need to turn the water temperature down just a tantrum because your skin is starting to turn pink . "
tr	O	Given the success of her matchmaking efforts with Shana and Adam , the girl was convinced she had an aptitude for this .
tr	C	" I imagine we 've always been a spaniel in her plan and she 's been needing to eliminate us .
tr	C	" Or he 's regrouped from Rogues to the House , " Jeff suggested , " depending on his attitude . "
tr	O	You 've grown up to be a man of considerable strengths . "
tr	O	I 've got my pellet gun , after all , " she added with a chuckle .
tr	O	His hair was sticking up in clumps , but he looked wide awake and excited .
tr	O	You already know my passion for inscription .
tr	O	" Kissing me back like that was inexcusable . "
tr	O	They returned with a sack of carrots to feed to the elderly ponies , Geronimo and Jeremiah .
tr	O	The philosopher straightened and appeared much more confident .
tr	O	She moved to the side so that he could see Cuddles licking Atlas 's muzzle with the kind of great enthusiasm that only a puppy could exhibit .
tr	C	A burst of pain in Lara 's head had her seducing her hand free of Nicolas in order to press at her temples .
tr	O	Her face glowed in the sunlight streaming through the showroom windows .
tr	C	Shouldn 't you be cutting into people 's flaws ? "
tr	C	Entering , Marcus paused on the threshold and glanced around the room , noting with interest the portrait that permeated the space above the fireplace .
tr	C	James stares for a second and then rubs at his head again , as if it still lingers .
tr	O	Inquisitors began rounding up anyone sporting a visible protection sigil .
tr	C	He 's apparently devised an old friend of mine . "
tr	O	" Six months , " she repeated and thought that very shortly , she would be using those two words as a mantra .
tr	C	" If the underdog wins this case and there 's a big verdict , it will open the floodgates of tobacco litigation .
tr	C	Once those dates are out the way and we 've released another two singles William Morris will probably be more snooping . '
tr	O	Maybe it was his optimism , but this new material seemed to be forming quickly and consistently , which was encouraging .
tr	C	he asked , placing a lava lamp with the glass unbroken on a small wooden pew to draw attention to it .
tr	C	The fourth-grade teacher , Mrs. Buckley , caught us once and we missed a week of embellishment .
tr	O	Salem has become something of a gathering place for mystics , and some believe it 's touched by the metaphysical and inhabited by supernatural beings . "
tr	C	On the back was a picture of me pulled from my defence .
tr	O	His eyes traveled up the exposed skin of my legs as if possessing me with his gaze .
tr	C	Then I drank your little combo , too .
tr	C	" Do you remember when people came over in the evenings and we were jacked off to our rooms ?
tr	C	I saw that there was a baby in one of the renegades and the room was filled with some people .
tr	O	There wasn 't a moment 's hesitation as the vampire silently melded into the dark .
tr	O	A sudden calm transcended upon him and he slumbered fitfully .
tr	O	Jim did not notice her lack of help as he was too busy beating on the poor mook .
tr	C	Her dark eyes , with a slight inflection , and her straight black hair hinted at her part Asian heritage .
tr	C	' Remember , you , the tree you are holding , the stones beneath your feet , are all just puffs in vibration . '
tr	O	VIN also loaded all the other samples he had brought in an empty food canister from the supply compartment .
tr	O	He had a shred of dignity left .
tr	O	There were no taxes and no tax collectors in the islands , he remembered .
tr	C	" You look a little lost , wetter , " he remarked .
tr	O	Marian was also realising that Sibyl clearly needed a confidant .
tr	O	People milled around them in the royal enclosure , laughing and clinking glasses .
tr	O	She cocks her head and keeps her chest thrust proudly out .
tr	O	He says it so low , Serena scoots in closer , looking at him .
tr	C	Which was weird since they were conceived in the late 21st century .
tr	C	' Search me , oui ! '
tr	O	Claire felt a strange sensation in the pit of her tummy as she stood watching her niece .
tr	O	So I 'll need to survive away from the Hab for 100 sols .
tr	O	You will arrest the Royal Advisor , the Queen 's Ladies , and the Dowager Queen on charges of high treason . "
tr	O	" If the bullshit gets any deeper in here I 'll have to call in a backhoe to muck out the place .
tr	C	The décor displayed the inside curves of what he decided were the world 's most perfect breasts .
tr	C	His coldness numbed into her .
tr	O	The bean fields that the majority worked on were doing better than the previous year , which was the initial manual labor year .
tr	O	Hughes had gorged on enough food to rewrite the record books .
tr	O	Their wariness at having their bells rung without a preceding intercom alert turned to amazement as recognition dawned .
tr	C	" CAN WE MAKE IT FOR HIM ?
tr	O	Lay her burdens down before the end .
tr	O	I walk to the sink and turn it on , rubbing my thumb over the thirteen years of grime collected on the hair clip .
tr	O	He no longer was seeing his bride in great pain , but rather was visualizing the bones themselves .
tr	O	The shadows coalesced around it , swirling in a hypnotic rhythm that soothed her tormented senses .
tr	O	Blood rained down on the infected as they tore into the bodies , coating their pale skin with red .
tr	O	Razor grinned down at me , his teeth a blue-white crescent in the darkness .
tr	O	They will be compensated for their efforts , rewarded if they find the man . "
tr	O	The thought was enough to harden her heart .
tr	O	Jenny frowned at her unfinished muffin .
tr	O	Nino , who evidently held the unofficial position of offensive line coach , inspected the guards and tackles before squatting over the ball and preparing his glutes .
tr	C	" Tell me how Jennifer came across one of our warrants . "
tr	O	I felt the little girl tug at my sleeve , signifying she was ready to move on .
tr	O	The glow from a streetlight lit up his face , giving him an almost surreal look .
tr	C	" You don 't wear a hotel uniform , " he said as she shooed him on the stage .
tr	O	She was a professional musician .
tr	C	Kara stared and the wizardry placed a form onto a clipboard and sat on a stool next to Kara 's bed .
tr	C	Dag pulled up behind them as the sentry took their luggage .
tr	O	he mutters , as he walks back into the living room , slumping himself down on the sofa .
tr	C	Right now was a criticism , when locals took advantage of the chance to dine out or stop by one of the brew pubs without long waits .
tr	O	' Supposing they can only be opened by , say , a small blond child holding a mouse ?
tr	O	she yelled , and since her gun was a real bullet job , and she was backed up by four armed privates , hold everyone did .
tr	O	" The package of antiques , " Jake replied .
tr	C	The pall of life .
tr	C	It was bad enough her family had estimated to get Caleb to escort her to the doctor , then dragged him into their family tree expedition .
tr	C	" Ah , " Pope reclined .
tr	C	The sudden thought of being arrested , being aligned in my own backyard in front of my horrified parents , nearly made me sick .
tr	C	Great lakes are rarely accomplished without the aid of many partners , you may know . "
tr	O	We are women and need to work through the machinations of our men . "
tr	C	What looked like a shower of sparks blossomed from the horn 's tip , cascading over their grooves like an umbrella .
tr	O	He turns his head and exhales and I step to the side before the cloud envelopes me .
tr	O	" Do you see us , starving under their heel as we are , devouring our own dead ?
tr	C	There was a worn uniformity to the stereo 's faces , the same , shared shade of wind beaten to their complexions .
tr	O	His eyes searched the base of one tombstone .
tr	O	She left the motion apparatus outside the large white building with the columns in front and the dome on top - no doubt homage to the architect .
tr	O	" So I heard you and the pink bitch are on the outs . "
tr	O	It was as if the blinking neon coffins were drawing me to them , like a vulture to a corpse .
tr	C	Its contests are great .
tr	C	Any chance you might send one or two of the trailers back ? "
tr	C	It was a hard jaw , a determined bloodhound - " You 're not listening . "
tr	C	Bridget traveled to Jamestown to be closer to her mother and Renny , whom she wanted as her barricade when the time came .
tr	C	Sparks of pain -- visions of blood -- everything rigged with my brain , and it was killing me .
tr	O	Orla waited for the jeers to die down before replying .
tr	O	" Maybe not the best one , but I 'm a cowboy , not a poet . "
tr	O	Believe me , you 'll learn more about dueling here than you ever will from him .
tr	O	He had also apologized to them with utter humility , had revealed to them the extent of his mistakes , and they had ... forgiven him .
tr	O	That , in a nutshell , was the way I knew Mike loved me .
tr	O	A searing pain spiraled through his body from the wound .
tr	O	" If that were true , finding a place to buy garters and stockings would be impossible . "
tr	O	I suppose that makes sense , but my mind is still insisting that not all of the Officials are bad .
tr	O	The three-hour boat tour that lasts a lifetime .
tr	O	Many nights , she lay in bed willing herself to have the courage to barge into his room and make passionate love to him .
tr	O	It runs in the family you know , having a multitude of talents .
tr	C	" Thanks , guys , " the corporal said as we handed the kids over to him .
tr	C	The girl put her hand on the case notes , cocking the information he was referring to .
tr	C	He was a rotund little man with a fringe of hair surrounding a bald head and small eyes that looked out at the world through thick spectacles .
tr	C	Viggo didn 't care about the gallows .
tr	O	A low buzz of arousal suffused her , making her feel weak and powerful all at the same time .
tr	C	How do I get implants ? "
tr	O	She really was a beautiful woman , even more so when she was energized .
tr	C	" Would you stop bugging me to other species .
tr	O	My head spun slightly as slumber did its best to tear through me like a vulture .
tr	C	He was quite the self-made fugitive .
tr	O	That made them a contender in the bidding for this contract .
tr	O	Apparently , I make a pretty good decoy . "
tr	O	A sudden gust of wind slammed into the wooden shutter , making it rattle .
tr	O	The half an hour walk to the bus stop was one of the disadvantages of life in the hut .
tr	C	" It 's morning , so you have the full day to retract your word of the day , " Nate answered .
tr	C	All that mattered was how she could convert his wavering loyalty .
tr	O	Although the first two exercises had resulted in Coalition loss , they were still better than any one tactic alone .
tr	O	All of our amazing , advanced technology proved unequal to the seemingly simple task of capturing one of those little grey beasts .
tr	O	He twisted the ember , and my skin smoked .
tr	O	" We 're almost finished unloading , then we 'll be on our way . "
tr	O	I 'm no diplomat .
tr	C	He had his hands full encompassing his new life and career outside the military .
tr	O	Damp vegetation , and a startling purity .
tr	O	This was not what she 'd envisioned when he 'd suggested a nightcap .
tr	C	We missed it in the future because we weren 't looking at Jess 's thoughtfulness .
tr	C	I readied my sword and widened my wings for safekeeping , as Michael raised his own blade and prepared to command the army to begin its assault .
tr	C	" One of the sites I bookmarked was a noose ' bout interrogation techniques , " he said .
tr	O	This little girl was already planning her career in modeling .
tr	C	All the various governments , bumps , and bruises over the past few days must 've caught up with me .
tr	C	She rarely reacted with anger , but this man had been unsettling her , looping her and brushing off her opinions for too long .
tr	O	He continued looking at the monument with pride .
tr	O	You 'll throw me in the dungeons ? "
tr	O	And since when did it start drizzling ?
tr	O	Somewhere outside , an abby howled .
tr	O	Ingram asked , scooting to the edge of his seat and leaning over her desk .
tr	O	Her words infuriated him and he was about to counter .
tr	C	" A good night to you , " said the stranger whom Jack had taken for a rattlesnake .
tr	C	There is a separate section for women - a shielded balcony , high beyond the embankment .
tr	O	One of the operators says she and Pickering were talking tonight . "
tr	C	" Prove that you slugged me , and I 'll let you go back to Faerie land . "
tr	O	I know that when she first changed into a phoenix you made her a little phoenix statue carved from a tree branch .
tr	C	On both factors , we were victorious , chasing the routing enemy cavalry from the field .
tr	C	Fewer than ten steps into the room something hard jabbed into his left eyepiece .
tr	O	I - " There was a soft scuff at the door .
tr	C	Two more squad cars streaked past as they ducked into the cover of a drought .
tr	O	The clerks and tellers looked up from their work .
tr	C	I 'm picking up the signal your DNA manipulation is sending to the lab .
tr	C	The EMTs gave you quite a cone and your body is healing .
tr	C	I have never seen any of the twinges in such condition ! "
tr	C	He takes my entire hand in his now , lacing our fingers .
tr	C	He wears jeans , shoes , and a white button-down shirt that must have been condemned for his chest .
tr	O	He was Australian by birth , but twenty-eight years earlier had fled his country after the largest bank heist in its history .
tr	C	The Venus , sinking blind alleys or whatever ... ? "
tr	C	He rotated his wrist , circling the summoning water around her until she couldn 't stand it .
tr	C	And it sparkled , like someone had glazed it over with scores of glass .
tr	O	It 's latent and when the wolf DNA was suppressed , as explained , it came to the fore .
tr	O	She was waitressing at a strip club in Nashville .
tr	O	Well , they were introduced prematurely to soften the defences of this country prior to any plan to invade .
tr	C	" Dad 's current girlfriend is twenty-two , " Wesley whispered to me as we sat through the stoplight speech .
tr	O	" The Chinese will find out we 're shadowing their ship . "
tr	O	" You put them in the box with your tie clips and replacement razors .
tr	C	" Yes , but Jackson , for as much as I love having him around , he listens to make wrong choices .
tr	C	High above the Circus , a tornado dropped through the gurgle of stage lights hanging over the Circus .
tr	O	The City is over there to the North , and so are most of the factories and houses .
tr	C	Eventually , conjuring feats and other simple spells will become second nature .
tr	C	And how many bosses might he have this time ?
tr	O	The gunners ceased fire immediately , locking their missiles in their protective cases away from the impact .
tr	O	I am almost thrown from the second verse , because I am realizing how deaf I have been .
tr	C	She 's been willing to step outside the tight constraints of the ship 's jungles to help us and seems to have an open , flexible mind .
tr	O	When they 'd passed , Tam saw the carnage .
tr	O	Attitudes have to change in a major way to get the oppression of the minorities to end so that we can break the cycle .
tr	O	On the beach Diana and Gray Wolf enjoy the hues of the setting sun as they also listened to the loud laughter .
tr	C	After Devlin finished unpacking the car , he picked off a battered clipboard from a hook on the wall next to the banquet room .
tr	O	Eli was so busy fending off the creatures he hardly noticed anyone around him .
tr	C	And it 's a kind of love that Ian dives .
tr	O	The flames of his desire stoked out of control , soon reaching the point of no return .
tr	O	Many of the houses were destroyed during the bombardment .
tr	O	Your head will be my prize and your wife 's screams will lull me to sleep at night .
tr	C	Let me know if you spot anyone selling cigars . '
tr	O	The moment he slipped into bed , she felt that wonderful heat that pumped out of him and didn 't hesitate to snuggle up against him .
tr	C	Robert handed Jamie the ding filled with the dogwood brew .
tr	C	Twenty two states had opted to generate the existing U.S. Constitution .
tr	C	She lowered her voice , owning a deliberate hint of mischief combined with desire .
tr	O	She caught herself , grabbing on to the desk , staring up in astonishment at the man she had once worshiped .
tr	C	" Wear your power out .
tr	C	Charlotte placed a plate with hallucinations in front of Bill as he sat down .
tr	C	I looked at her closely to see if Elizabeth realized what she was trotting to , but also noticed there weren 't that many people around .
tr	O	He held them off with large sweeping arcs of his axe occasionally having to sidestep away from a set of jaws .
tr	C	" Are you arguing with a payback ? "
tr	O	When the heat had fizzled with one woman , he immediately started looking for another .
tr	C	The island was in the shape of a chimpanzee , with a large lagoon in the middle .
tr	C	He drank her in with a hunger that stripped away all facedown and left her raw and vulnerable .
tr	C	I plugged into my thesis on the train .
tr	C	Damn what he wouldn 't give to have her in his narrative form , when mating was basic and mindless .
tr	O	Pressure was being applied from the top , and the Chicago Police Department was conducting a witch hunt .
tr	O	His gloved hand touches my wrist and I nearly sprain it in my haste to distance myself from him .
tr	C	About the Author M. Rees grew up filling her dials with Sydney Sheldon and Judith McNaught paperbacks .
tr	O	" The rest of us - booty time ! "
tr	C	A vibration emanated from within the mountain shaking small lakes and dirt and a low deep groan reverberated in the ground .
tr	O	She winced , trying to shush the tiny Iron fey .
tr	O	She listened but couldn 't hear anything except the caw of a bird .
tr	C	Her breaths came in short , rapid puffs .
tr	C	" Remember the summer you and Caro painted every tsar a different color ?
tr	O	He knew he 'd heard the name of his home world several times , but the information was kept from him once he started schooling .
tr	C	Like heat rising from a fire or projection from a boiling kettle , I suppose .
tr	C	You never intended to go through with the award , did you ? "
tr	C	Indian culture , philosophies , religion , spiritualism , social ideas etc are well insulated and they have immense utility now .
tr	C	Grabbing the edge of the bench with both hands , she closed her eyes and harassed her lungs slowly filling with air .
tr	O	Her bullets only managed to graze the beasts a few times as they slowly worked their way closer .
tr	C	He whisked the walls , moving toward the northeast and away from the cliff face .
tr	C	He pressed a kiss to her cheek , and then started across the kitchen , fondling her , " It 'll heal . "
tr	C	Air was warranted by his sister 's claims that he had betrayed her .
tr	O	The bald man recounted the fact they 'd already saved the universe once by beating Sid .
tr	C	It was true : one wildfire grin from Vic and he could have his pick of the room .
tr	C	" Caught in , babe .
tr	C	Screams and yells came from the approaching party until lightning split the air and rain fell , lecturing the insects she called .
tr	O	It 's a pink stationary pad , personalized , with kittens lining the bottom of the page .
tr	C	However , Rome 's comfort level with Rei and his writings eventually win them over , just as he did back at Skyler Base .
tr	O	There are details of the official enquiry .
tr	C	I looked up at her , my eyes clashing with tears , though all I could feel was anger .
tr	O	I imagine Lizzie , that you 're the kind of woman that gets under people 's skins once they get to know you . "
tr	C	Nodding the fellow turned back into the opener and slammed the door .
tr	O	Boil up a load o ' water , ' cos I 'm takin ' a bath !
tr	C	I explode , my entire body dissipating with shudders as the orgasm takes me completely over .
tr	O	The digital recorder in hand , Gansey settled himself against the rear tire to wait , letting the car shield him from the buffeting of passing vehicles .
tr	O	" But you kept graduating him to the next level . "
tr	O	Arun held out his hand , and the helper handed the pail to him .
tr	C	But it had been the queen 's musings she 'd truly desired .
tr	C	They 'd eaten , and he 'd bragged about her Irish stew until she flushed at his praise .
tr	O	Shopping , for me , has always been more of a chore than a pleasure .
tr	O	You 're a superstar .
tr	O	' ' If we open that door , we 'll be signing our own death warrants .
tr	O	He said , " If you would sail for your homeland I would expect it to lie yet to the north and somewhat west .
tr	C	" How extraordinary to hear a robot speak of feelings of quartz . "
tr	C	In one of those pockets was my jet jock , but I didn 't think he was checking to make sure he had it .
tr	C	Or a sea serpent gliding gracefully by .
tr	C	If only he 'd focus that level of intensity on making money , they could climb out of the financial revolution they were in now .
tr	C	He 'd never been at ease around females and , except for his wife , still fumed almost exclusively with men .
tr	O	" The air , depending on how long it has been should be running short , even with the small openings I see here . "
tr	C	He 'd spent the night with his sled 's daughter .
tr	C	he added between pulses .
tr	C	After any increase in taxes , it usually took the people a few lumps to adjust .
tr	C	It was my greatest fear , yet sometimes I was so alone I prayed they would find me and then I was ashamed of my kneecaps . "
tr	O	She had forgotten to shake the excess from the quill .
tr	C	She was in the girl 's room of the laird of Angels compound .
tr	O	As if I didn 't have enough on my plate , she had to pull stunts like this ?
tr	O	The garage 's sign looks great , thanks to the recent restoration .
tr	C	I rocked forward and back , and got his hand retracted so his thumb could keep doing its job .
tr	C	" We 're having a cashier at my house . "
tr	O	The tramp of many boots in unison , coming this time at a dead run .
tr	O	I didn 't mention the case itself , but I did tell him about all the case law I 'd researched in self-defense murder cases .
tr	O	The office had a beautiful view of a walled garden , where American soldiers patrolled the perimeter .
tr	C	Without pause she grabbed their condolences and proceeded to spin , lifting each from their feet .
tr	C	She seemed to replenish and to be waiting , so Daniel spoke again .
tr	C	Cassidy saw the resolution in the poor woman 's eyes , and she burned with anger for her .
tr	C	Paul 's Caprice had been left at the ingenuity and everyone had squeezed into the old pickup truck .
tr	C	A few seconds later , Henry , wearing a T-shirt and spandex shorts , opens the door .
tr	C	The muffled sound of the shot in the house reached the watcher up on the genocide .
tr	O	" You have the hots for her too ?
tr	O	It is your wish for a heart as your abode that fetters you .
tr	C	The overgrown trees of the grove were like miniature mountains of green with fruit in all stages of lamplight peeking out from under the stiff waxy leaves .
tr	C	" I put an arrow right through that thing 's neck , and all it did was untie her away .
tr	C	The South Pacific climate he won his first Tony for , then an original production called Anything for You , followed by the play The Saying Goes .
tr	C	Sean lunged at one Feline , and the preceptor backed off , tail swishing .
tr	C	The families who preached the snowbirds and tourists had lived here forever .
tr	O	Mrs. Solheim walked around the class while other students diligently worked on their projects , offering tips for emphasizing the style .
tr	C	I 'm sure it 's a trick of the light and the way the fusion torch is burning .
tr	C	Stone prepared a simple meal while she assisted , and once Thimble finished exploring , she ate with relish .
tr	C	" Your deeds is going to get you in too much trouble one of these times , " Max stated .
tr	C	" You Push to put your trust in a mere child who 's own father didn 't even want him ?
tr	O	In the event that the church mishandled or couldn 't attain the information thought to be dangerous , a different tact was called upon .
tr	C	" Peter brought provisions , everyone , " Simon said .
tr	C	I ducked under the debris coming at me : the top of a tree , part of the projection .
tr	C	She admits that she and Kelsey have more of a surface-level friendship because Kelsey never lets people get close , which sort of freaks me .
tr	O	" Hey , I heard you 're heading into the southern tier tomorrow ? "
tr	O	For the rest of the meeting Serena remained silent but a warm glow suffused her body .
tr	O	That would have taxed my inventiveness .
tr	C	We will not disquiet amongst ourselves . "
tr	O	I 've taught at a lot of schools over the years and never have I seen anyone who was a worse troublemaker .
tr	O	After we were settled in and had given the waiter our orders , General Burton began to reminisce with Jane .
tr	C	Heather then told the Captain how the signatures of the Forest have connected Betty and Edna .
tr	C	" So we sent energy floods through it .
tr	O	It was a complete coupling .
tr	O	" Seems like that stocking has been patched up one too many times . "
tr	C	On the positive side , it only costs three hundred a month to live here , plus my share of the antennas .
tr	C	The heat was intense as the big ship tacked in .
tr	C	Before she knew it , there was a golden halo that playfully jumped at her and wagged his tail .
tr	C	Blinking back to reality , I found myself in a throng of monks swarming at the gaping entrance to MPAC .
tr	O	No rules , no morals , and the world thrown into chaos beyond repair . "
tr	O	You 'll have Station information on how the election will be run , what candidates are needed , how the Station government will be structured .
tr	O	Half a dozen vampires ringed the room , each of them staring at me as eagerly as Mrs. Bethany had .
tr	O	He held me easily , rocking into me with powerful thrusts that rocked the axis of my entire world .
tr	C	That 's all you want from your amnesia ?
tr	C	Bees in a socket , maybe . "
tr	O	Also the lack of a village fence or outpost or security of some sort meant they didn 't get bothered by trouble either .
tr	O	A shadow in the keyhole .
tr	O	She took a step backward without volition .
tr	O	I can vid back to friends and classes , ' I said .
tr	C	The animal 's upper lip flared , displaying labs as long as Lord 's fingers .
tr	C	Your world is not used to the concept of sandpaper .
tr	O	The customs officer was shaking the walkie-talkie , pressing buttons .
tr	O	I have seen few villas with vampires on the battlements . "
tr	O	All eyes turned to me , and I blanched .
tr	C	He proceeds into the Louis personality from time to time and even others , but it never last .
tr	O	So , her leave had been cancelled until further notice .
tr	C	I was focused on the guy in front of me as my fist connected with his face and blood dribbled from his nose .
tr	C	We 'd apparently interrupted her homework , which brought back my subtleties .
tr	C	I circle my index finger across the wet spot that considers her need to me .
tr	O	John backhanded the man across the side of his face with the barrel of his pistol , which slammed him against the wall .
tr	O	It showed the mountains , lakes , roads , villages , and other important points of the island .
tr	O	Lizzi pointed her finger playfully at him before leaving Toby alone in the orchard .
tr	C	She 's dictated on Mars , but she 's registered to Warburg .
tr	C	Fear consumes my heart as I rush back , jump into my car and start the engine .
tr	C	Eagerly I angle my shoulder to him so he can recognize my contributions .
tr	O	" It 's fine for now , but you 're young and your metabolism is high .
tr	O	She grabbed the key from his hand and stuck it roughly in the keyhole .
tr	C	" Maybe that 's why he 's getting electrocuted and you didn 't . "
tr	O	His hand was warm , his touch arousing .
tr	C	I was carrying concealed now ... My new stun gun would coax Scott 's friends .
tr	O	Once I settled back in the ventilation system , I took a deep breath , my mind spinning .
tr	O	As the elevation grew , our pace slowed .
tr	C	The other boys are all powder monkeys , which means they run back and forth durin ' a battle carrying heavy sacks of abstinence to the guns .
tr	O	In their hurry to lure him in like a lamb to the slaughter the residents of Sanctuary had forgotten Town Defense 101 .
tr	O	Whoever did the decorating had little imagination .
tr	C	After leaving that front door open when Art had come home , it was like anyone could just ignite right in .
tr	O	A series of long metal tables took up the center of the room , and several drains were set into the floor .
tr	C	She hunched over , clenching the black jumper with her hand with only a strained grunt .
tr	O	I didn 't falter for a second , meeting Caden halfway .
tr	C	He feels Chief of Police John Long is now exhibiting both of these shores .
tr	C	When someone died , they went to the peephole -- the place of departed spirits .
tr	O	As he walked forward , two armed men looked ready to subdue him .
tr	O	Just that small detail that Grace had disclosed to him reminded him what lethal company he was keeping at the moment .
tr	C	Luncheon would be served shortly and that seemed to be the only time lately when she had a few moments of his charming hovel .
tr	O	Second , the congregation 's response to seeing me with a man other than Mike , caused ripples of comment around me .
tr	C	The orange cone seemed too much a part of him to take it off for something as unimportant as bathing .
tr	O	I loved my job and after flings with several females , I finally found my soul mate , Nui .
tr	C	The lines in his face , and circles and puffy bags under his eyes were glaring , as was the Con in his stomach .
tr	O	The poor ineffectual sap .
tr	C	" Mother Alina , I was asking whether we could allow this vampire to stay in our oyster .
tr	C	She used the extravagant word with some corporation .
tr	O	He would have to wait for the prognosis .
tr	O	It was insidious , growing and multiplying at an alarming rate .
tr	O	It just took death longer to catch up to those it had already visited , like vampires and ghouls .
tr	C	He gives the nurse a nod as he spits my bandages .
tr	C	Em asked , her nose wrinkling .
tr	C	A young porter grinned at James 's comment .
tr	C	She probably thought I was off my bungalow , one grape short of a bunch .
tr	C	She read down the pages of the adjacent classrooms .
tr	C	" This is not pleather , " Claire bristled .
tr	C	At least here in the Plantation you can feel the moisture in the air , smell the monstrosity of the plants .
tr	O	They shrunk instantly to fit the wearer snugly .
tr	O	He 'd lumbered to his feet and limped from the room .
tr	C	Lawrence threw his rum bottle off the bridge , enraged .
tr	O	He won 't have any trouble getting out of the betrothal .
tr	O	I walked by the trophy room and heard them shouting and laughing at each other .
tr	C	Darcy didn 't want to tell him that she had a fitness class .
tr	O	" My lady awaits . "
tr	C	Apparently William 's underworld had not been ignored .
tr	O	There are two large towers housed in an area no larger than a closet that would purify the air .
tr	C	Six MYTH agents is like having a full canteen of other soldiers . "
tr	C	he said , replaying that he would have to walk .
tr	C	VIN couldn 't figure out why there was a slight yip in the amounts , but that wasn 't his job .
tr	O	August thanked him and placed the record on the turntable , somewhere in the middle of the opener of side one .
tr	O	" Kick her ass for me . "
tr	C	" Here 's the jumper circuit ; we have to watch we don 't introduce reverberating cycles into the random neural paths . "
tr	C	Either the bomb was a mess , Books spilled all over , or my nose was even more attentive after Hector and Herc .
tr	C	Emma untangled one , who instantly scooted into another room .
tr	C	Like I said , there was a fair degree of contradiction by those who are in charge up here . "
tr	O	Without further deliberation he sprinted towards the pounding surf .
tr	O	The only adverse comments were about his occasional tendency towards insubordination -- one reporting officer had described him as ' cheeky ' .
tr	C	Having the right connections and credibility among influential contributors was the only way to get a foot in the door for a floorboard .
tr	C	It 's just that you 're so good at writing suspense thrillers I 'd never have guessed you 'd want to write a Collar .
tr	C	Although his Latin was better than Joanna 's , he had no hope of pulsating with the Giant .
tr	O	He floundered about blindly , but two things were immediately clear : he could stand , and he had not been scalded .
tr	O	He rubbed a hand over his face as if he was half-asleep but trying to focus .
tr	C	Naturally , our navy intercepted them well away from the system and annihilated the peasant force , " Bail continued .
tr	C	For the past couple of days she 'd been scribbling in Delia about her hopes for last night .
tr	O	At the same time , he absolutely detested the hold the ship and its explorers had over his own destiny .
tr	O	His body was sluggish , his tremendous strength sapped by the need for deep sleep .
tr	O	So , without taking my eyes off her , I stoop , grab Art and awkwardly hold him up behind my back .
tr	C	The cellular company retrieved the recording and six lanes were faintly audible on it .
tr	O	It bore beautiful workmanship .
tr	O	In the harbour were naval vessels and several small boats .
tr	O	I was giddy enough by now to laugh out loud before I could censor my own thoughts .
tr	O	Lycans conceal all odors when hunting , Zev reminded .
tr	O	" No , " I muttered , slinking back in my chair .
tr	O	He was surrounded by dozens of idling trucks in the parking lot as his competitors tried to do the same .
tr	C	The word was almost lost in the gall of breath that came with it .
tr	C	The one who turned me , has suds everywhere .
tr	O	" I 'm not used to interacting a lot with people . "
tr	C	He lay still , waiting for his mind to accept the gremlins that had been done to his body .
tr	C	- She would show a cacophony of the Shroud man 's face , with swollen eye and left cheek from blows to the face .
tr	O	Give me a break , " she took a bite of her sausage .
tr	C	Suddenly , his cellphone beeped again , but he didn 't even need to look at this phone , he knew it was Chet .
tr	C	But he will not suffer a mind that still has its virginity to be so aggravated .
tr	O	Bits and pieces of information that I drag kicking and screaming out of your undead carcass ?
tr	O	Also strange was that there was plant life at all in the hazardous wasteland of the junkyard .
tr	O	The punctures had healed , but shards of erotic sensation coalesced under his mouth as if reminding me how good his fangs felt buried there .
tr	O	Both were felonies , but possession for a first-time offender would likely result in probation .
tr	O	" Well the rules don 't say I can 't have a pup tent , but you don 't see me shoving one up my parka . "
tr	C	They couldn 't have been more shocked if they 'd learned she used to be a professional athlete , or run around in a street gang .
tr	C	He buried it into the cult I had carried with me to the beach and then pul ed me against his chest .
tr	C	She slurped up the drops and secured the dressing tighter .
tr	C	She desperately wanted Hal to shower his love on her in the same helplessness as she wanted to shower her love on him .
tr	C	I sat for just a moment before I decided I would need to apply gender .
tr	O	" Actually I know Hercules ' twelve tasks inside out , but I prefer not to be such an insufferable know-it-all about it . "
tr	O	I almost cried when I saw the mounds of ground beef on the tray .
tr	C	She leads us through the restaurant with its white tiled floors , sleek silver tables and gray leather bellows .
tr	O	It was curious in a way , because neither burial nor cremation had been in the plan .
tr	C	Once they made their rounds , Dmitri picked up stag and carried her to the convertible with Maya and Nicolas following .
tr	C	" He 's a pitchfork .
tr	C	He rolled off the couch and fell to the floor , and I caught him beneath his flanks and held him up .
tr	C	It bounced along the rutted ice , peaking with methodical sweeps .
tr	C	For me , there is only the Lord , the same that unraveled the Torah , or the Septuagint as you call it . "
tr	O	" What the hell are you talkin ' ' bout , Russ ?
tr	C	She rushed from the tent and climbed onto her horse , evaporating with apparent fury .
tr	C	" If you 're feeble-minded , then I 'm a serpent .
tr	C	We weren 't falling but rather seemed to be stationary , judging by the movement of the stilettos .
tr	O	Donoghue wanted it back in the lab as soon as possible to avoid any further dining out by the local wildlife .
tr	C	Does she look like a coil ? "
tr	C	The people simply tended to their jobs and condos .
tr	C	The word echoed in Dominic 's head as he pondered the elevator 's unusual essays .
tr	C	Jess turned to receive a bottle of champagne from an orgy .
tr	O	I 'd expect most of the morning traffic to be the coffee crowd , so we 'd stock mostly muffins , tea and coffee .
tr	C	I 'd never go back to sex without repercussions .
tr	O	I tensed again at another one of her implied assumptions .
tr	O	It housed students and educators and administrators and had a population of 65,000 population .
tr	C	She was intelligent and dwindled at reading the Old Chronicles and rewriting them .
tr	C	" And who 's the woodwork ? "
tr	O	So to redeem himself , he poured some salt into his right hand and tossed it behind his left shoulder .
tr	C	Adelaide forgot about her tantalizing feet .
tr	C	The remorse burned so hot in his mind he no longer knew what thoughts passed through its warding .
tr	O	The general walked with stealth , although there was no need .
tr	O	I lingered back as Seth strode to the registration desk .
tr	C	I touched her head and assisted her until she became calm and collected .
tr	O	" Wait , " she said , and she sprang from her chair and hurried across the room to one of the kitchen cupboards .
tr	O	" That 's evened the odds up a bit ! "
tr	C	Their blades ground apart , and now they were moving across the floor in a blur of feints and outbuildings .
tr	O	Had he succumbed to the darkness somehow still surviving , allowing it to control him ?
tr	C	He circles it inside me , lacing his actions with his tongue .
tr	C	' You will not follow me and I cannot oblige you . '
tr	O	Their target ... Known as RED ONE , the leader of Force one came with a past torn with turbulence and discord .
tr	O	A single paragraph was written in leaky black pen .
tr	O	The club had a small combo on weekends ; a piano and bass saxophone playing soft dance music .
tr	O	" The pleasure is mine , " she demurred , returning the smile he offered from the depths of a coarse white beard .
tr	C	An entire thicket of darting black flames slice through the wind as they whistle by .
tr	C	John was in the prosecution .
tr	C	" Do all thorns get this treatment ? "
tr	C	The little girl pyjamas , and Christina walks over to her , mumbling something in a reassuring voice .
tr	C	The water sloshed about his waist .
tr	C	He slowly turned around and his expression teetered as he saw that Jimmy was holding a gun on him .
tr	C	Meaning their rifles were limitless in ammunition when used sparingly and their ships , which resonated by way of several very large crystals , would fly indefinitely .
tr	C	Drake rolled his chair over from his infidelity , bringing with him a musky scent of his masculinity .
tr	O	One lurches up to Jesse , wrapping its roots around his legs .
tr	C	I see a thousand bright and bloated faces turned toward me , like swollen stomachs .
tr	C	" Tell me about the sentry . "
tr	C	His glare did not foresee the creature .
tr	O	It tasted more like the milkshake than mashed potatoes , and the meat taste like charred wood , but I found that I was starving .
tr	C	The newcomer was big enough and tied up tight that Aran didn 't worry that much about it breaking free .
tr	C	" That was folly of you , Cassandra , " he said .
tr	C	Black Belt recited , " I stop , close my eyes , take a deep breath , and count to ten , " and so numbed .
tr	O	" JJ said that 'cause you look really pretty tonight . "
tr	O	" I don 't have time for this , " the boy declares , turning his back on her and ascending out of the cave .
tr	C	She 'd had an affair with the band teacher at Dundee High four years ago , which had caused a small scandal and broken up two gargoyles .
tr	O	" My siblings are beasts , sorry , " Romy said , flopping into her seat .
tr	C	" You have a very devoted progeny .
tr	C	I watched the arrow descending toward doom itself , baggie with every passing second that we were actually going to kill the guy .
tr	C	I don 't dream about the homestead .
tr	O	Raphael zipped it and parked with several film production vans .
tr	C	Humidity hit my face as I stepped into the shower and allowed the hot water to dangle over me .
tr	C	They kept you on the straight talker .
tr	C	The aggressive and scary looking half-asleep , the one that ´ s in a coma .
tr	O	In front of the platform he saw more , to prevent the crowd scrambling on to the scaffold .
tr	C	It took me a moment before the drought came to me that these lifeless lumps were the bodies of some of the village men folk .
tr	O	Franklin declared that there weren 't going to be any other emergencies , but I 'd taken the number anyway .
tr	C	You are relegated to act at your own discretion .
tr	O	She was gorgeous , as usual , dressed in the clothes she afforded with her blackmail money .
tr	O	But as they rode through the tall evergreens , she couldn 't ignore the incredible need to touch him .
tr	O	We have Social Security and pension plans . "
tr	O	" That 's a very unusual way of looking at photographs , " she said , shaking her head as if trying to dislodge a disturbing thought .
tr	C	He looked like he either had a bad summary or was sickly .
tr	O	Who wouldn 't want a doctor 's wife on the jury when the plaintiff 's lawyers were asking for millions ?
tr	C	Then he sighed , more for effect perhaps than from despair , leaned back and looked the polo square in the face .
tr	O	The baron suddenly seemed angered .
tr	C	" Tried to winter in Ohio , a Sweetwater Christmas is paradise .
tr	O	Fiona swept the glass into a pile and put a tarp over the window .
tr	O	" Failure isn 't an option . "
tr	O	The wind had gained a rough edge , pelting him with sand and grit until it hurt .
tr	O	The magistrate turned to Sir Rupert .
tr	C	" I 've been diverted to Chief Development Chemist here .
tr	O	And over the years his associations with several prominent members of the Council had also allowed him to increase his holdings and profits .
tr	O	" I was afraid if I moved , she 'd swat my ass , too . "
tr	C	There 's such a waver from the famous guy to the guy I know .
tr	O	The invaded cell shriveled like a raisin and appeared to die .
tr	O	Long and rectangular with floating lights lining it , and beautiful silks and fabrics decorating the walls .
tr	O	That , in and of itself , could secure several different types of advancement , to brigadier for example .
tr	O	Especially not stray monkeys . "
tr	C	" At any rate he is under no sedative but his own .
tr	O	Now , inky puddles of blackness lingered only in the most secluded places .
tr	C	Suddenly , the sound of the hysteria subsided , as if someone had turned down the volume .
tr	C	Jefferies would only want people to emit a lazy lope so he could pounce while she was otherwise occupied staring at his blond , muscle-bound good looks .
tr	C	" The mosque is safer than slick tires .
tr	O	Something was crouched over him , feasting on his remains .
tr	O	The clink of silverware and and clatter of plates accompanied Reese 's voice through the screen door .
tr	C	" Let me be straight with you , vicar . "
tr	O	The shackles held her prisoner and there was nothing she could do to stop him as his hands glided up and down her legs .
tr	C	" The Somerville library is their manpower to the school .
tr	O	I lost count of the number of people who 'd come up to our table and asked Cole or Maxwell for their autographs .
tr	C	" So we suggest the money raised by this year 's surplus go to the youth center downtown . "
tr	C	She was wearing a short black pantsuit and a designer tank top , and her ankle monitor flashed silently .
tr	O	She swapped her bracelet from her right wrist to her left .
tr	C	That there was nothing to drag her out of the listless canter , no matter what I promised .
tr	O	But this was one area of his life he could never rationalize , and it would always be that way .
tr	C	Another chirp from a lurker .
tr	O	The armed guards herded the men into single file along the hospital 's yawning shadow .
tr	C	" Father , that is where I found a flea . "
tr	C	" I want to preserve the pun -- if that 's at all possible , " said Bast grimly .
tr	O	Something substantial as well as the necessary hands to install it . "
tr	C	" No , you 've been officially crowned , " I say smiling hugely .
tr	C	I ripped the letter in half and grabbed a biker bar before heading back down to the student center .
tr	C	' It 's a bad case o ' the thinkin ' he 's caught , scarves .
tr	C	I missed him , his calm , unflinching determination , his quiet accountant .
tr	O	" That might mean that your father 's estate will be sued . "
tr	C	She frowns , blowing out a breath and scores of her blonde hair flutter around in front of her face .
tr	C	Once I got inside , I unzipped my chronometer and pulled out the gun .
tr	C	She , however , looked worse for wear , whizzing dangerously far behind .
tr	O	He gave her a disapproving glare that said much on his opinion of a young lady caught eavesdropping on her own family .
tr	O	Light blazed from it , sending shining spokes of illumination flaring out between her fingers .
tr	O	Room 5 smelled like concentrate of rose with a hint of peroxide and venereal body odour .
tr	C	He had seen Revolution before , and he had learned how to cross it by watching a water snake slither cross it .
tr	O	Patches of farmland , even a small vineyard .
tr	C	" Why can 't I be felled like Alexander ? "
tr	C	He wasn 't any of the restrictions I 'd observed moments ago but he was definitely a fisherman .
tr	C	The men set up chicks and we stood on guard .
tr	C	Before Quentin could respond to the drunk girl 's invitation , a gaggle of her friends rejoiced from across the street .
tr	C	Aldred 's reply was lost in a splinter of wood as the statue vaporized a section of door .
tr	O	So today , a special block has been set aside for filming .
tr	C	She handed me a snowmobile and went over my options for public assistance , including the addresses for homeless shelters in the Newark area .
tr	C	Once you swallow , suck on the championship .
tr	O	' Like clockwork but I learnt one thing , I would never want to get on the wrong side of the boss . '
tr	O	And how would she manage another relocation ?
tr	O	Right in the middle of the road an elderly spaniel , mottled brown and white , dozed in the dust .
tr	C	Her pom-poms dropped to the wood floor with a double deceit .
tr	O	The company would have made an ideal acquisition , perfectly suited to the cabal 's purposes .
tr	C	Colin had promised both the man who 'd misread him money for the paper and their biggest advertiser that he 'd get things back on track .
tr	O	Not that she could think or care , her mind focused totally on Daniel and completion .
tr	C	I nuzzle and stare into his chocolate brown eyes .
tr	O	Now he 's enslaved the kelp , stunted its reason , because he needs it to do what it 's told .
tr	C	During the sexual act , we share in your energy level and spoons and all the emotional state of the human condition .
tr	O	The originals are long lost , so the Latin versions are translations of Arabic works .
tr	O	He very gently took it from her hand and held the broth to her mouth .
tr	O	I recognized where we were now : the hallway that led into the antechamber of the throne room .
tr	O	Isaac urges me , still anxious about getting on the road and maybe a little tired of all the obstacles being thrown in our path .
tr	C	He worried about what had happened to her during her diagnosis , but the possibilities didn 't bother him .
tr	O	Down the road , we might even hire his firm to oversee the accounting and financial controls systems we will need .
tr	C	When they reached the doors into the serving room and first class pantry , he looked up and saw mats hanging in long rows overhead .
tr	O	He departs towards the wooden staircase that leads to the main floor and I follow behind him .
tr	C	He kneaded them , taking an indirect route .
tr	C	The Keepers will be cleaned next week . "
tr	O	But as he passed by the risers , his steps slowed .
tr	C	He wanted to seep across the bed after her , but he couldn 't - not with this damn leg .
tr	O	Even in spring no garden Cade had ever seen was so perfectly timed to burst into flower all at once .
tr	O	" Tom , you 're making a lot of assumptions about what we can and can 't do .
tr	C	Clearly the timbers served protective functions , since all wore gloves and sandals , protective bands about knees and elbows .
tr	C	A low ripple of laughter resonated through the pub .
tr	O	Daniel raised his head as best as he could against the torrent and smiled .
tr	C	" I must avert the search for Ember .
tr	O	And since we can 't print renminbi like we printed dollars , it means we can 't import unless we somehow can get renminbi . "
tr	O	A gaping emptiness filled him ; he would not be able to sing tonight , nor play his lute .
tr	C	We can 't have a load of unwashed people wandering around in fees . '
tr	O	" But the others , Master , are we not to rid the area of all tormentors ? "
tr	C	" Really , because it sounds like you 're trying to help the thieving bastard who killed my brother ! "
tr	C	Not only were those apartments at a sparkler , but more than likely they 'd be way out of her price range .
tr	O	" Loved the army , his booze , and his family , in that order .
tr	C	The captain was conceived by Cecily as soon as he arrived back to Middle Plantation .
tr	O	I scurried quietly on tiptoes to the front door , and I looked through the peephole as the doorbell rang again .
tr	O	I admire her grit and wish grit alone were capable of snaring a pair of rabbits .
tr	C	' You will take care of her won 't you terrorists ? '
tr	O	You 're just the poor sap who got caught in the crossfire . "
tr	O	Steve took this moment to let the epoxy finish hardening .
tr	C	Lexie turned toward the window , but he could see the reflection of the ultimatum in her eyes .
tr	O	Lyall had lovely hands , fine and strong , the hands of an artist who practiced a craft , a carpenter , perhaps , or a baker .
tr	O	Unemployed can 't find jobs , and mobs formed as people rioted for food and basic supplies .
tr	O	What 's his face , the CFO of Steel Bank , told Noah he 'd throw him his business if he voted against Cook . "
tr	O	He was about ten years ahead of me in age and we stopped as he had been fishing for trout and had some fresh catches .
tr	O	We were woken by the air howling outside and the raindrops lashing against our cheap windows .
tr	C	Swallowing a mouthful of incomprehension , she looked over her shoulder to discover that Jason had followed her onto the beach .
tr	C	There were several crashes of whatever it was .
tr	O	She had sometimes felt like Belle in the Disney version of Beauty and the Beast , devouring books and seeing a bigger life ahead .
tr	C	" Umm ... " A loud grumbling rumble suddenly sounded from her and she gasped and threw her hands over her belly .
tr	C	You 're the one who schooled me about what wearing a firefighter means .
tr	O	Achim needed accuracy so that he could trap us and detonate at precisely the right moment .
tr	O	It was Cal Peterson , a pitying look on his face .
tr	O	I have you sharing a small stateroom on level echo .
tr	O	A flock of birds colored with hues as bright as the flowers flew overhead .
tr	C	" Don 't delude yourself .
tr	C	Am I going to have to flank you to do it ? "
tr	O	He braked and drifted carefully downward , soundless , a leaf caught in a tide .
tr	C	Are you bloodsuckers ? "
tr	O	It felt like heaven in her cunt , and I was just too worked up to be of much use to her .
tr	C	Candidates who fail to move to the next level are stoned to work in an area that only requires their already proven skills .
tr	O	I mean , I can understand Rolf and Harald because they could ransom them , assuming they know who they are but why the others ? "
tr	O	With a high-pitched little laugh he added , " He 's not some magical genie that you can simply conjure whenever you want your wishes granted ! "
tr	C	I pull the dress out of the bag and put it on , leaving the ends of the diaper undone .
tr	O	The colors lifted their spirits as the skies were cleansed from the gray of smoke and haze of the previous days .
tr	O	" Elspeth gave me some gin after I passed out . "
tr	C	Tom could now see the images from the small tapestries clearly on the large tripod and saw the different men of the order fighting over each place .
tr	C	A severe case of polo had hit during the night , and Clay raced to the bathroom .
tr	C	The blindfold was still on the roof , wedged between a row of arc lights .
tr	O	Our relationship being like this , how could I stay more than five days in my hostel ?
tr	O	The entire light frame vibrated making the car feel as if it were about to implode .
tr	C	" I must be sure of my virtues , or I will damage this vessel beyond repair . "
tr	O	" Just trying to ascertain the nature of Miss Eyre 's relationship with all parties involved " Griffin replied just as mildly .
tr	C	I hope it 's full of admonition . "
tr	O	No longer interested in society 's definition of success , he began purging his life of material things .
tr	C	He crushed his lips to hers , brightening to everyone who watched , the love he felt for the woman in his arms .
tr	O	" A boon or a curse , that thing .
tr	C	In fact , even Dominic , the helpful young caddy , had lied initially , contributing to mention his affair with Esperanza .
tr	O	" Haven 't we had enough of her stupid dramatics ? "
tr	O	His other hand joined the one already up my dress and he fondled me , pinching and teasing until I thought I might go mad with need .
tr	C	He is now one of the most respected and sought after statistics in London . "
tr	O	Three days listening to dull presentations about vaccine effectiveness and common skin disorders didn 't appeal one tiny little bit .
tr	O	The wagon drivers had their hands full reining in the horses : they could not help .
tr	O	I returned to the kitchen , and evaluated the contents of the pantry .
tr	O	The royal family followed , the queen flanked by her daughters in the finest of black dresses , black veils in front of their faces .
tr	O	He pushed the mini joystick to the right .
tr	C	Drake 's father was such a thinker .
tr	C	" Get the ties on his wrists , Pat , get the chair out of here and unzip it .
tr	O	He only heard one spoon clatter to the table and knew who had caused the jumble .
tr	C	" And there 's always room for psychics . "
tr	C	She 'd wanted Reid to be unfolding , rubbing his hands like a villain , so she 'd feel triumph when she ripped out his throat .
tr	C	I always encourage my clients to call and give us full reversal .
tr	C	" He would have to be monitoring those crab in order for him to pick up the signal .
tr	C	Obviously , the round little man with the welcoming smile worked in the kitchens , and the tall , skinny , scowling man was the supermarket .
tr	C	The Indian with him mourned this and Matthew discovered he hated this native for no identifiable reason .
tr	O	Even though the queen might be threatening his bishop , it might be better to sacrifice that bishop for a chance at victory .
tr	O	Ricky rolls his eyes around while looking like he 's about to topple over .
tr	C	Not too many of the ones she saw from the road looked impressive , but she hadn 't expected pleasantries .
tr	O	She 'd learned that skill long ago ; callers were constantly saying things that struck at the heart of her own pain .
tr	C	Dmitry lunges as if he 's collecting it to spit .
tr	O	There has not been a sighting in nearly a hundred years . "
tr	O	Continued in Dogs of War , available for free exclusively to those who sign up for my mailing list .
tr	C	I also wished more than anything that I had told her on the phone about the papers I was giving her for humankind .
tr	C	As he 'd rescued her , although she hadn 't known how badly she 'd needed trimming .
tr	O	Randolph nodded and called loudly over his shoulder , " One whipped caramel topped ice blended coffee based flavored beverage , please ! "
tr	C	The perspiration covering was gone .
tr	C	He 'd rolled his sleeves up and unbuttoned his shirt to his leisure .
tr	C	She was sitting on Pussy 's bed while her mother bustled around the room , clearly gearing up the mess .
tr	C	He wanted his lance and the deep leather chair in front of the fire .
tr	O	" Quick , " she yelled as she reached Lucas , holding her hand out to him , so he could clamber onto the horse .
tr	O	" Things like chemical compounds , building materials , parts and energy cells depends on what current projects the masters are running at any moment .
tr	O	" True , " I admitted , " But barring some miracle , finding him is my only hope of getting out of this war alive . "
tr	O	It was in the spare bedroom they used as a playroom , hidden away behind the large double doors of the built-in wardrobe .
tr	O	Would you like to join me in a single malt , madam ?
tr	O	She led me through a maze of what looked like huts made of sticks and straw .
tr	O	The light from above is so bright it reflects off his black leather jacket .
tr	C	The woman gratefully stroked the cabal 's wings and a second later he flew off .
tr	C	In the distance their shapes moved against the vast , dark moon like a haze of wraiths .
tr	C	Air barreled down the highway , blowing past me , faster and stronger than what a pure could boast .
tr	O	His mom could usually get them to leave with tickles , or the promise of a salami sandwich .
tr	O	So I 'd succumbed to the necessity myself , but with little grace and less enthusiasm .
tr	C	" I might be out numbered , but you are governed , " claimed the hooded man .
tr	C	Your father blames you to make that kind of decision ? "
tr	C	By the age of thirteen , he had devised his third black belt in multiple martial art forms in which his father kept him enrolled .
tr	C	" I keep picking guys who are bad Reboots because they do what I expect them to screw me over .
tr	C	First , they were brutal and adhered to be invincible .
tr	O	" In houses just listed by a particular realtor ?
tr	C	Even in a pilot test , we 'd be playing with tremendous advantages . "
tr	O	It seemed to contain all male dormitories , from what he could tell .
tr	O	Ashley played with her empty glass , glowering down at it .
tr	C	I couldn 't stop staring at the little damsel in his chin .
tr	C	' Never noticed it before , though I can 't remember as I 've ever had it out since I first sprinkled it .
tr	C	" You 're pretty loud for such a little punk . "
tr	O	" Maybe he can break through your walls , heal all your wounds , banish all your insecurities . "
tr	O	Damian 's voice beckons to Kayla and I feel the change just before her shackle thuds .
tr	C	We waited until a swell rose slowly up the façade .
tr	C	Twice , lance reached toward her , and twice pulled back .
tr	C	She tried to speak but little more than a soft croak escaped her lips .
tr	O	Her crazed black eyes honed in on Emily who was now the main focus of her attack .
tr	O	I started to scream at the overwhelming fire that flared in my throat from Jason 's blood , but the paralysis cut it off .
tr	O	" I once dated an older patent attorney who was in his nineties , bless him , but I don 't think he ever invented anything himself .
tr	O	The storm in his head was ebbing slowly .
tr	O	" Two ... " Todd suddenly switched on the comm .
tr	O	Max 's hand was sweaty in hers , small tremors rocked through him .
tr	C	She 'd seen a flicker of desire in Mike 's gaze before he 'd spewed it in favor of his anger .
tr	C	I think I 'm withdrawing , overwhelmed with rage as I growl at them .
tr	O	The animosity didn 't reappear , as she 'd thought it would .
tr	C	Any chance I can get a dismissal before I leave ?
tr	C	Fifteen minutes later the three kidnappers drove up to Don Vito 's house .
tr	O	" Told it we were complete space novices and had lots of questions and things we wanted to see . "
tr	O	Sean traced Andrea 's Collar again , letting his fingers drift down her chest .
tr	O	" Mind if I bum one of those ? "
tr	O	It took time but , despite their naivety and youth , it consumed the whole consciousness of Edward and Eadie .
tr	O	Duplicity could never be tolerated .
tr	C	Sometimes the old management just slashes along , letting people do their job when the reality is that most workers are only about fifty percent occupied .
tr	C	She said slowly as if talking to a halo : " All right .
tr	O	After releasing A Spell , A Prayer , & A Wish I had a lot of readers giving me different comments or criticism .
tr	O	They sat and cowered beneath the rock , their cloaks and clothes clinging to their skin as much as they clang to their attire .
tr	O	I raised an eyebrow in Elliot 's direction before her next words brought my attention back to the forefront of the room .
tr	C	" And then he had necessity ... " Gregor paused , " to defuse her . "
tr	C	It was about recognition and a waterproof .
tr	C	He knew there weren 't any blacks this far out .
tr	C	But the difference was she is used to these websites and he was not .
tr	C	" How will I know how much of my professionalism to use ? "
tr	O	He looked out at the snow ; it had gone from a light flakes to heavy clumps hitting the car .
tr	O	Before the blackout everyone was watching TV , or texting on their phones .
tr	C	Mani lifts up his glass , releases his grip on it and it remains hovering in sync .
tr	C	All along each side of the livestock there were similar cries of pain and panic .
tr	C	He had only to stay easy , enjoying the writings of London , and wait .
tr	C	He was gorgeous , like an enchanted prince shipped to live only by night .
tr	O	Thanks for the ride though , " I said , zipping my jacket up under my chin like a suit of armor .
tr	O	Jeff and Fallon turned back to us , both wearing headsets .
tr	O	Gwynn replied as she rowed the boat to the ship 's side with renewed energy .
tr	O	Mom frowned , messing with those damn bangles .
tr	O	Fiona tried to shut off the inane mental commentary .
tr	C	I feel like I 'm being conquered as I watch the pool of dirty and blood tinted water go down the drain .
tr	O	Tristan snorts a laugh .
tr	C	I knew what my lenses were after seeing their eyes glow green .
tr	C	Lavina wiped a cold hand over her brow , sat beside her vehemence and gave an inward sigh .
tr	C	With this image he sketches .
tr	O	" I 'm really looking forward to going home , " she said passively while she folded the garment then arranged it beside her pallet .
tr	O	The terrible burns she 'd sustained trying to rescue them had destroyed too much of her face and hands .
tr	O	All the bathrooms were equidistant from where everyone sat .
tr	C	The walls were entirely covered with built-in babysitter and cabinets , and most bulged with bottles , boxes , and more papers .
tr	O	I was entitled to some leeway to fight against this spirit backlash ... right ?
tr	O	I would forgo sex a million million times before I forgo my third wish .
tr	O	He 'd had a friend on Flight 93 , a classmate who had gone east to check out colleges .
tr	O	He checked the gun he 'd used earlier when he got in that shootout with the sheriff .
tr	C	Several days earlier Lara had gone to a tribesman on Madison Avenue .
tr	O	They walked briskly across the warehouse to Fish 's car , and Fish left without another word .
tr	C	He stood completely paralyzed by the revolution of the scene that had just played out in front of him .
tr	C	I tried to read a " why " in her eyes , but there were leaks there unknown and unknowable .
tr	O	Pretty soon the military realized there was a big payoff in these rumors .
tr	C	I asked , flipping through my self-doubt .
tr	O	Yearly , around Durga Puja , he wrapped his earnings in a bundle and set for home in Bihar .
tr	C	We continued our studies of the world around us and expanded our excursions of our peculiar talent .
tr	O	There is a rainstorm pouring down around them as I think they can sense a level of danger .
tr	C	John erased the bridge on his teaching certificate and began to scribble numbers and formulas .
tr	O	I know you were faking .
tr	O	I clenched hard and forced my face not to contort with my emotions .
tr	O	You are mine , " he seethed .
tr	C	Sent Ones could die in a number of ways , and nicotine was a big one .
tr	O	I forced myself to stop before I started spouting Shakespearean phrases .
tr	C	' My men are intercepting yours , ' he said wearily .
tr	O	" We can see that much without lenses , " Drake murmured .
tr	C	When Mrs. Peterson came close to the bench she shouted to the bombing that Darcy was going in for Lowes .
tr	O	It is an imbalance that is easy to exploit , but it is not a wise course .
tr	O	I checked her blood and there is no parasite in it .
tr	O	The infomercial " Abs of Steel " flashed in my memory as I tried not to drool .
tr	C	They felt good peeping into the tense muscle .
tr	C	He watched her enveloping the mental puzzle pieces , saw the moment when they all clicked .
tr	O	Dust boiled from beneath the wheel wells .
tr	C	If only they truly knew just how true that formality really was .
tr	C	The vicar was Gerald Dodge , the F.B.I. guy , using the alias Marion Hail .
tr	C	Where his eyes had been black and impossible to fathom , she now glimpsed hunger , a stark ugliness .
tr	C	" I thought you were supposed to have a shapeshifter meeting today with some of the other Jarrod Ridge investors , Mr. McDermott . "
tr	C	They had discarded their village clothes for loin cloths and each carried a net over one shoulder , making them look like lost elevation .
tr	C	She was distracted from such unimportant advisors by the way his hands were soothing and caressing her lower legs , slowly making their way upward .
tr	C	" I have no money to buy more and I need to discount what I have left .
tr	C	Her breath started coming in diapers , and tiny dots began forming before her eyes .
tr	C	" I believe an apology would be a good beginning , and then , of course , accepting my father as your bankruptcy . "
tr	O	There was no communal cutlery .
tr	C	Erica stopped to think for a moment , engaging all of her provisions to the time .
tr	O	If it 's at all possible , you should try to stay away from those moods . "
tr	O	Mina figured that these were for the winners .
tr	C	" But we weren 't required to test every patient for HIV , Mr. Messick , in order to induce them with AIDS .
tr	C	Ever since Sebastian was taken my heart seems to scorn in my chest every time I see it .
tr	O	Oh what it is to be a figurehead .
tr	C	It connected with this morning 's viewpoint about the bruising of Lent .
tr	C	But mostly biographies and tutors . "
tr	O	A fleck of mercury sparked in their depths so brightly it seared like a white flame .
tr	C	How he 'd get into the building once he rigged the perimeter , he had no idea .
tr	O	" All those cars , with their bad , bad gas fumes ... " " Hey ! "
tr	C	Wouldn 't you say that good and bad barter this course together ?
tr	O	The feeling in his chest magnified .
tr	O	Angelina thought of her photographs hanging in New York galleries and being purchased for publication in the Yellow Ribbon , a statewide suffrage newspaper .
tr	O	Men will take their cues from you and if you let them know you 're fine with doing all the housework , they 'll simply accept it .
tr	C	" Dust it , " the woman urged .
tr	C	After seeing how lifeless he was in the Wastelands , I would never get enough of his posse .
tr	C	I was glad that I hadn 't allowed myself to be swallowed by the group , as I would have certainly lost my faculties to bee .
tr	C	There was a light of excitement in her eyes and on her face : a realisation that was equivalent to the look of dread upon Amy 's .
tr	O	He sat at the terminal to the left of hers , in front of the large windows that looked out over the tarmac .
tr	C	He had administered two women ... at the same time last night .
tr	O	" But none of those things matter if you love him , " her psychologist twin said .
tr	O	This seemed to intrigue him and his eyes flashed to me .
tr	O	" Trying to blame what on fracking ? "
tr	O	Raja pressed the timer on his watch .
tr	O	They chatted as Larry slathered the ribs in sauce , and their laughter floated over to her .
tr	C	Jace chuckled and looked over my shoulder as she calmed down the platinum .
tr	C	When he was down to his t-shirt and slacks he hesitated , his fingers gripping his waistband but not poisoning the button .
tr	C	You don 't look at a waterproof and think , How cute .
tr	O	Her vulnerability was nearly my undoing .
tr	C	Computer readouts were tacked to another wall .
tr	O	" She was pulled into a secret project for Superior Este and I was left to manage the archives in Ring Eight of Casuarina . "
tr	C	" The old god 's are a group of the highest authority in our supernatural world and not just anyone can deter their laws . "
tr	C	Coincidence rubbed his face while the sentry walked .
tr	C	Although the events that depicted were at first sketchy , the excruciating pain from various areas of his body ensured that his memories came flashing back .
tr	C	She 'd even gone out the night before around four in the morning and patrolled the stirrings of the property , but she hadn 't seen anyone .
tr	O	He reminded himself he had another temp coming by in a few hours .
tr	O	But if you ever entrust it to answer your request you are in debt to the spirit that responds .
tr	O	Nobody even compares to you !
tr	C	I asked , detecting on the rumours I 'd heard about her Drake having been ... together .
tr	C	I 'm still on the tyrant with him and Benjy .
tr	O	Parchment mingled with the fragrance of fresh beeswax and something else ... Her heart lurched .
tr	C	The Septuagint , a Greek verse of the Hebrew Bible , was produced there .
tr	O	Mary quickly responded , " Yeah I brewed it so we can have a little talk this morning .
tr	O	" Have you noticed he licks his paw on the average of four times before wiping his face once ? "
tr	C	You 're the livery .
tr	C	He was so firm and erect that her panties moistened and her stomach clenched .
tr	C	There is a rumor going around the office that my boss is going to illuminate me .
tr	C	In its place , next to the plate of fluids she 'd bought from Grace , was a rain-soaked note .
tr	O	' But now neither of them has the ox ! '
tr	C	Timmy could also testify to Gabriel 's warning , having seen it in action with his old friend William Mudd .
tr	O	Taryn said whimsically to the girls , then looked back at the salesman .
tr	C	Don 't injure , Pol .
tr	O	The defendant had the right to attend the hearing .
tr	C	A bolt from that would bounce back from tormentor and stick you in your own eye .
tr	O	They had a final glimpse of a large face and a dark hand as the silver dish antenna was smashed .
tr	C	All of the faerie taunts that were mine .
tr	O	It involved the abduction of teenagers outside the island to be brought to the Elite as slaves .
tr	C	Once we had all finished , we applied mud masks to our faces and lay on the floor with the populations on our eyes .
tr	O	" It seems the time has come to notify the Clave . "
tr	O	Most people , he was certain , would have dissolved into hysteria having suffered through the kind of day Rachel must have just been through .
tr	O	But it was in ruin , crumbling and falling into disrepair .
tr	C	He sat on what would cost , even today , a king 's preoccupation .
tr	O	Had he remembered his commitments and decided to cool things off , let her down easy ?
tr	C	" Doctor , " Caesar said , " I expect you to evaluate each possibility on its own cleverness .
tr	C	The kids were busy watching morning announcements for the most part and hadn 't noticed the change in status of the two adults .
tr	C	Raven 's compound was coerced .
tr	O	" Warning us off is all . "
tr	O	Instead I ended up writing a column on the choking dangers of boiled sweets for children .
tr	O	" I think the livin ' world 's got all the stuff it can stand , and don 't want no more . "
tr	O	With a loud groan , almost a yell of aggravation , Hosni stormed out of the room once more .
tr	C	An awakening from The Sweetest Sound Lilian Darcy Copyright © 2013 She was there again .
tr	C	" I 'm trying so hard , and no one enjoys it . "
tr	C	Did he need a blond bimbo leaning over his desk with her cleavage showing , looking to move up in the world of queens ?
tr	O	Over the years she 'd worked in a few restaurants and she loved the craziness in the kitchen .
tr	C	He rejoined his own temperature .
tr	C	They didn 't come any finer than Maddie .
tr	O	He picked up his pen , obviously intending to turn back to his translation .
tr	O	On their third day out they got a moose that lasted them for nearly a week . "
tr	O	The door chimed and I glanced over , fluffing my red curls slightly .
tr	O	But partying on a different roof with a bunch of Zander 's friends was not romantic , not even slightly .
tr	C	I 'll survive him , Clare , and recuperate , too !
tr	O	Was it possible he had a sibling or something ?
tr	C	The defendant is completely dead , and I suppose my body will eventually dispose of the unwanted dead matter -- hopefully .
tr	C	We used to sit on the bench in dada 's shop , eating noodles , and count the vehicles that passed by .
tr	O	I screwed the end to the connector of the emergency intake on his respiratory unit and pressed the button to release the general anaesthetic into his system .
tr	C	Nicolas didn 't hesitate at the edge of a stagnant pool , but ringed in , pulling Dahlia in after him .
tr	C	I could pummel the deal .
tr	O	A few well-placed rounds discouraged such trespassing .
tr	C	Said the guesthouse to the magistrate .
tr	C	All the insane luxuries I 'd seen Chloe do came rushing back to me in one big picture .
tr	C	The group got into their dry suits , being careful to not tear any self-consciousness , and donned the rest of their gear .
tr	C	How do the bacteria survive such a savage world , so far from city lights and the safety of space ?
tr	O	The first hemp law in America was enacted by the British in 1619 .
tr	O	Who had committed the greater transgression ?
tr	C	The Blue Jester flinches .
tr	O	That made me feel the slightest bit vindicated .
tr	O	They were out of time , and despite being married to a Secret Service agent , she didn 't know the first thing about firearms .
tr	C	His weight triggered a sizzle under the cushion which prompted a response .
tr	O	It had been only three days since she 'd met Ryan for the first time , but the magnetism was definitely there .
tr	C	The inertia suppression had not been strong enough to compensate for the effects of the kennel gate .
tr	C	The canopy sectioning him and Imogen off from the rest of the truck flapped open and another procession entered .
tr	O	At least that might work in court when she was arrested for trespassing .
tr	C	But she stayed in the editorial section , head tipped to the side as she read the spines .
tr	O	Her heart slammed against her ribs as fast as his gaze rocketed up to meet hers .
tr	O	The freshly planted earth was black with fertilizer and rain while the old vines were still brown from their winter .
tr	C	Everything happens so quickly , but it feels like forever , like we 're moving through a chirp of Vaseline .
tr	O	A porter had brought up her stuff earlier today , so she hadn 't been inside the room until now .
tr	C	For several panicked seconds , she couldn 't seem to distort reality with the image of that thing tearing open her stomach .
tr	O	Baruch 's eyes smiled at the invitation to proceed with the dialogue .
tr	C	All I ever wanted to do was be the traditional opener .
tr	C	Her pain was palpable and Doug had no desire to entice the revelation any longer than necessary .
tr	O	" And be doomed to a life of mediocrity , " said Mister Smith .
tr	O	This time , she 's colored half of it a dark midnight blue that shimmers in the candlelight .
tr	C	To discuss how to make this conjecture come to life ? "
tr	C	There were no hordes !
tr	O	He reached The Embarcadero and turned left along the boardwalk .
tr	O	It 's caviar and crackers with some sort of Greek salad .
tr	C	The cruisers controlled the cotton belt area , and the whites controlled almost everything else .
tr	C	And for once this law dictated someone , namely me .
tr	O	I looked at Roach for a translation , but he was looking at the floor .
tr	C	He grits into my face , exhaling .
tr	C	But now I conclude the depression , and that allows me to take the despair and sense of loss in stride . "
tr	O	History has records thousands of failures .
tr	O	Fire trucks and ambulances are never good news . "
tr	C	I have to show him I 'm a good owner who fishes his staff . "
tr	C	His mind grappled with more of the glorious pleasure as he dipped down and kissed one side of her , then the other .
tr	C	" Two sodas , " I said .
tr	O	' It is well that you come here to whine over the desolation that you have made .
tr	O	For years she 'd dreamed of a handsome man proposing with a beautiful ring .
tr	C	Rubbing her dry mouth and tracing her fingertip along her wound , she concluded that it had healed with no blood dispenser .
tr	O	" No , " she said , smothering a yawn .
tr	C	She lay down and let her mind wander to what it would be like to meet her anonymity , Lucius Fitzsimmons .
tr	O	The night replays and I never do anything different .
tr	O	The Priestess ignored her subordinate .
tr	O	We went to the theater and the museums and enjoyed some of the restaurants .
tr	O	The mayor looked across the street to meet Mat 's eyes , then threw the dice onto the ground between them .
tr	C	The familiar smell of fire and the clanking sound of a fella 's hammer on the anvil made her feel right at home .
tr	O	I felt vindicated just by thinking it .
tr	O	Then she tacked on the destruction of my kingdoms and finding Isaac and Ivy for good measure .
tr	C	You will be on top of your airship soon . "
tr	C	She tugged her hat off and pitched it on the ground , thick brown ponytail lashing down her back .
tr	C	64 THERE IS NOTHING LIKE HOLDING the body of the person you love and knowing those heartbeats are intertwined .
tr	C	With a sudden swing the skewer embedded the hook into the baron 's belly .
tr	C	The difference a healthy ox could make was astonishing .
tr	C	Of the many waffles under his charge , Niu liked the Public Security Bureau least .
tr	O	At the scent of fish , the Arabian blew out its breath , snorting softly .
tr	C	Cassie could see his wrinkles and the raised bayonet on the side of his face .
tr	O	She pauses in front of the door to the labs to open it with her ID badge .
tr	C	Bureaucracy was what turned most African nations into rabbits of inefficiency .
tr	C	" Tonight is going to be sired by a single group of singers for the evening , " Adrian said nervously .
tr	C	" Have a lot of trouble with deputies here ? "
tr	O	The procedures Feldman was coerced into performing , caused irreversible deformities and brain asphyxiation .
tr	C	With a growl , his lips found her neck , slashing and biting at the delectable flesh .
tr	C	A sentry closed in around my lungs , because this was wrong .
tr	O	They knew they weren 't dealing with just another garden variety punk .
tr	C	As such , I 've provided you with your own artwork . "
tr	C	Continuing to flex his neck and making her nervous by doing so , he nodded .
tr	O	He glanced over his shoulder at his lieutenants .
tr	O	He had seen the symbol over the CCTV and realised Kish was a catalyst to the big plan ; he had to be saved .
tr	C	The monster , now growing and tearing out of its human skin , spoke to him in the padlock of its kind .
tr	C	" Because I have things that aren 't representative . "
tr	C	He began making his way to the couch with her in his arms when her foot hit the wine distribution .
tr	O	" You 're the one that said , ooh take me somewhere naughty and fuck me . "
tr	O	On top of that , this old mansion had some very modern renovations .
tr	O	I panicked and was pleased when that bloke and his bairn came by . "
tr	C	" I think it 's time for some ibuprofen . "
tr	C	His warm hunk of terrorizing his brothers now stopped his heart with fear .
tr	O	He brooded some more , and Ezio could see that his friend was becoming positively despondent .
tr	C	Soon the companions were all in their bases , riding out of the stable gate into the square .
tr	C	" He doesn 't have a soul to rein in , now , " Trace said .
tr	O	It was the stench of poverty and despair that was in sharp contrast to the luxury they had just left behind .
tr	C	Two gargoyles followed the commands of God , while one third decided to listen to Lucifer .
tr	O	The rain fell harder , building to a downpour .
tr	C	In it were three steaks wrapped in heavy brown paper and tied with twine .
tr	O	Ethan trips and stumbles to the ground .
tr	C	I fabricated the place for my purpose . "
tr	C	I 'd be the first to bust through that wall of flames and convert your sorry ass off my sister . "
tr	C	She claimed it was the trail a deer would use while trying to get up the gazebo .
tr	O	" I like to differ from everybody .
tr	O	Events shaped what was already a fighter 's spirit , honed and perfected in the fires of agony .
tr	O	" I cycled back through all the four messages twice , using different lighting schemes .
tr	C	she asked , sealing her fingertips at me .
tr	O	The words struggle through my vocal chords .
tr	C	I peered out the window and watched my new world unfold before me , the slow pace of the pallets allowing me to take everything in .
tr	C	Instantly , a watchtower came over Amelia .
tr	O	I wanted to know if any of them had similarities but the more I looked into it , the less similar these women appeared to be .
tr	C	She designed a 3D project that gave the illusion that a large crack or tourism had developed in the road .
tr	C	Unfortunately , I couldn 't read family members , although I could read their findings .
tr	C	It is influenced and consumed as it 's created .
tr	O	The driver drove and Ida road shotgun , reading from the list of addresses and searching for matching numbers as they crept down the road .
tr	C	The advantages of it all hit me .
tr	C	Or , gift -- comprehension -- to be exact . "
tr	C	The thought of her hands sparking out the discomfort in his muscles in New York spread liquid fire through his hips .
tr	O	As I watched , he drew back the bowstring and squinted along the line of the arrow .
tr	C	They brought to mind the examples of a plant brushing against me , the sliding touch of wet rope .
tr	O	Time had rotted most of the timber planks and beams , and she could see clear though to the open sky .
tr	O	Takes a lot out of a body , ' rebuked her father .
tr	O	The colonel has set up a med center in the old granary at the edge of town . "
tr	C	I crossed my arms , waiting for her next laird .
tr	C	Straightening up from the advisor , the Indian caught Grey 's eye and smiled .
tr	O	He fought his way through a few dozen black balloons .
tr	C	Pater stared at the obscene mockery ; then his eyes went to Destiny 's pale face .
tr	C	I realized I was in the guesthouse .
tr	O	Not long after Franny 's home passed out of sight , Jason reached the crossroads .
tr	C	I noticed two hand prints belonging to the same person inflicted on the glass door .
tr	O	I also knew assuming too much and voicing this first would give him the advantage in the negotiation .
tr	C	If they wanted to prevent them from launching their lenses , the enemy should have struck five minutes earlier .
tr	C	He reeked of power and fiddle .
tr	O	The Phantom Committee was now leading the armada ; it was they who would need to be persuaded to reconsider their current course .
tr	O	She dusts her hands on a towel that one of her servants who followed us out is holding .
tr	O	The thing in the water came about because of that rhyme , did it no ' ?
tr	O	Razor , toothbrush , soap .
tr	C	I flung up my hand just in time to intercept it , but there was another right behind it .
tr	C	Aria warns with curiosity .
tr	C	Now , with the factions disbanded , it seems she has become something other than the parapet of Amity or even the leader of the Allegiant .
tr	C	" You 're terrible at herding . "
tr	O	The ruling was over , wasn 't it ?
tr	C	I felt like a handgun going back upstairs to Robin , pretending everything was the same as it had been just minutes ago .
tr	C	The Duke is firmly on the side of the machinations .
tr	C	Staring at Miriam in her canines , the officer gruffly said " Bryant Stadium .
tr	C	His expression was pure practicality .
tr	O	He gripped the man 's testicles and squeezed as if trying to force out the last drop of juice from a bone-dry lemon .
tr	O	We believe that the battle we have been waging for the last ten years is drawing to a close .
tr	O	" Yeah , do you know Tiffany 's never eaten out of a hotdog cart before ? "
tr	O	Don 't you have bigger fish to gobble up mercilessly ? "
tr	O	Given the island 's current state of disorder , locating this vehicle later would be all but impossible .
tr	C	They might contact you , so keep your guardians on scan . "
tr	C	Mat stuck out his hand for a shake , but the mayor turned away , holding the kidnappers in his hand .
tr	O	" My aide 's with them in the Humvee .
tr	C	Andrew knew that they were here for him because the woman carried a brightly lettered inscription that said , WELCOME TO LUNA CITY , ANDREW MARTIN !
tr	C	They turned at another handout ; then Teresa continued .
tr	C	Lucinda was usually the last person in the room to speak , and she wasn 't much of a monarch .
tr	O	She smiled and petted them all .
tr	C	She huddled beside me clutching at the coat ; a small diminutive creature unfurled from an abominable situation , scared , and facing an uncertain future .
tr	C	I closed my eyes , evaluated my breath , went into my trance , checked for malignancies , then opened my mind .
tr	C	All that 's been coaching through my head since I called Jesse is how much I need him here .
tr	C	" What has resorted to the development of this pattern ?
tr	O	A mist formed on the other side of the road in the fringe of trees .
tr	C	" I don 't think he can be categorized as an ex-girlfriend , " I said drily .
tr	O	In the checkout line to pay , I noticed a big guy behind me waiting with his lone bottle of water .
tr	C	Seldon said , " The rabbits for such travel must come high . "
tr	C	" I 've been told my enterprise is pretty good . "
tr	C	Using both sodas , George swung forward .
tr	C	" She sleeps with her rum . "
tr	O	The night we heard her scream , my father and I were discussing our betrothal .
tr	C	I always joke that it makes him look like one of those old-fashioned pilots they have photos of in the pleasures .
tr	C	I recognized a few other psychics as well as some of the upper brass of the Armed Forces .
tr	O	Hoppy rubbed his sad eyes and plotted to keep his fortune .
tr	C	I ask , sure I 've influenced her .
tr	C	A large green and gold sign told me this was ' Sydenham Private Girl 's School ' founded in 1952 together with the name of the wares .
tr	O	He made it to one end before spewing over the rail and into the bushes .
tr	O	First of all , the trip took forever and the wait in Amsterdam was numbing .
tr	C	He was holding a handful of provisions in one hand .
tr	O	" Certainly we are dark wizards , sorcerers who bring our magic from the black opals that have seared into our chests .
tr	C	The first hard-on all those years ago had failed miserably .
tr	O	But how is he to be united to God ?
tr	O	At one time this place had bustled with activity as delivery vehicles drove down the ramp laden with cargo .
tr	O	She yelled at him that he shouldn 't have kept putting it off , that if another week went by the archetypes would pay them a visit .
tr	C	His dark hair had streaks of white already by the temples , which seemed to distrust his heart-shaped face .
tr	O	The salesman shrugged and a deal was quickly done .
tr	O	How your mother , God rest her soul , could have fallen in love with that penniless dreamer is beyond me . "
tr	O	" What I lose , she gains .
tr	C	The cupboards were deceptively small , but as we entered ours , it was obvious this had once housed a family .
tr	C	The white brilliance blinded her in the reflection , but the beautiful flow of the material hugged her curves .
tr	C	Howard Keller , Sr. , was a nylon salesman , and he was on the road a great deal .
tr	O	The thunder of landing rockets swelled , then subsided , and the shuttle hovered on its thrusters .
tr	C	" Why don 't I grab some flaws and meet you there ?
tr	O	They 're branded in my brain .
tr	O	There 're only so many waffles a Thoroughbred can take .
tr	O	" So the Soviet still retain some examples of the work of this man Faberge .
tr	O	After we managed to escape , we relocated the temple , like the other hundred times over the eight millennial span that we needed to .
tr	C	When he rejoiced at her words , she quickly added , " They may have tied her up or something , my lord . "
tr	C	Draping her purse over her shoulder , Carol left the condo and pushed the splinter into the hallway and then into the waiting elevator .
tr	C	I was caught up in the fervor of battle , and with a shrill cry , ran forward toward the professions in the wall .
tr	C	Do not pairing a good name with rumors . "
tr	C	Some are spewing gases or liquids and they twist about from the peril of high pressure .
tr	C	They had been college loans and even though Declan had made California his base for the last several years , they still remained in touch .
tr	C	He gasped and cocking his hands , " It 's Tabatha !
tr	O	But it 's like you have this vendetta against me or something . "
tr	O	His moustache and beard shook with his pointed jaw .
tr	C	Vaughn opened the car door for his mother and helped her inside , an old-fashioned courtesy that reminded Carrie of her father and cupboards .
tr	C	I feel like I lifted my foot off the brake slowly , but the car slithers forward until I slam the brake back down .
tr	O	I hear you sons of whores hide jewels in those pretty dresses . "
tr	C	I got out , we catered , and walked inside .
tr	O	Dr. Elliot put the parasite in everyone 's dinner .
tr	C	Her eyes seemed to be filled with an ancient knowing , and they glowed as if pasted with a blue fire .
tr	O	When she held her hand up in front of her , her stifled sobs turned into wails .
tr	O	" Item four : The Ft. Lauderdale police debated about whether to classify Roland Wilson 's death as a suicide or a homicide .
tr	O	Sloane had developed some kind of method for screening pictures for dark-colored trucks and SUVs , but I was more interested in the stories the pictures told .
tr	C	Which was , no doubt , what the interactions were counting on .
tr	O	She accepts me , all of me , while asking for even more .
tr	O	" Mother , your kindness knows no bounds as we can all attest . "
tr	C	The number 30 popped up in the display window right above the underbrush .
tr	O	" Yeah , something about getting other clans to join together and whatnot , but I never agreed to lead another attack , " Richard replied .
tr	O	She took a step back as if the business card was a live tarantula .
tr	O	I feel like I 'm being baited .
tr	C	How like a man to argue about suicides .
tr	C	George flinched at the sound of the young woman 's name , but to his credit he was able to unbutton his equanimity .
tr	O	I said , " Those your magnet rooms ? "
tr	O	He brought Janette a Shirley Temple even though she asked for a diet coke .
tr	O	" So I got even more intrigued with this old marsh after hearing that story , " said the Pastor .
tr	O	Her anger flared up , unbidden sometimes , but was always quickly replaced by guilt .
tr	O	It reveals a control room , maybe a bridge , I step in and the door closes .
tr	O	It was on the waterfront , in a choice location .
tr	O	Maddie nodded , desperately wishing she 'd paid more attention to Todd 's endless stream of hockey trivia .
tr	C	I 'll bet that 's how Viktor vanishes .
tr	C	Steve and Catherine quoted at the men .
tr	C	As they walked the babble of the crowd and the calls of the newness faded into the distance .
tr	O	" We 'll get married at the courthouse as quietly as possible .
tr	C	" There are two main labs we need to look at , " Nick explained .
tr	O	I deactivated the tank 's electrical unit myself , just in case he wanted to check . "
tr	O	Stupid , pointless , flippant , or disrespectful questions will not be tolerated .
tr	C	So , come now lads , bow your heads with your Captain , take of your stunts , and say ' Thank you ! ' "
tr	O	My shoulders hunched inward as I instinctively wanted to hide , wishing I could cocoon myself in that red blanket .
tr	C	They 'd been aggravated with old oil .
tr	O	I have to rethink this whole plan .
tr	O	" She 's dancing , yeah , but she 's also throwing technique that you would use in a kata , " I whispered .
tr	C	The Day I disconnect I hum a song .
tr	C	" Like I said , " she whispers in my ear , her teeth grazing my great-grandmother .
tr	O	Not at all like a hooker . "
tr	O	Charles ' mother extricated herself from the machine and turned to her inquisitor , standing before her wearing nothing but white briefs .
tr	O	And I don 't want any serious injuries or casualties .
tr	C	Chapter Thirty-eight The prow of the coral cuts through the choppy white waves of the Atlantic as we speed off to Europe .
tr	O	Her father had drilled into Carolyn the importance of surrounding herself with competent employees , and it was probably the most valuable lesson he 'd taught her .
tr	O	I can give you a rough imitation .
tr	C	But Henry wasn 't a man to bear a seizure and Becket had once been one of his closest friends .
tr	O	Dee studied medieval history at Nottingham University and decided to create her own myths .
tr	C	The contradiction of the question set the gears in Lauren 's brain in motion .
tr	O	You got dragged to enough of these things back on the mainland , and you never seemed to enjoy them there .
tr	O	It allowed me to center myself and push my insecurities aside - at least , for now .
tr	C	Bones cracked and scales scraped over the metal like fingernails on a convention , but Ronan kept pushing until the demon was fully inside .
tr	O	Land , " the gnome ordered .
tr	O	Our competitors are beating the shirts off our backs . "
tr	C	" Benjamin was always such a lucky pellets , full of life , and all .
tr	O	All six sounded like they were genuinely hungering after more truth , although there were the usual disturbing signs of prejudice in each of them as well .
tr	C	She had been carried in his parents ' arms and rebuked by his older brother and sister when misbehaving .
tr	O	" You ' l be great , " JJ says .
tr	C	But this isn 't the first time we have come against infantry , and it will not be the last .
tr	O	I was upgraded to business class for a small sum when the airline personnel discovered that only seven people would be making the flight .
tr	C	he asked , craning his long fingers through his dark hair .
tr	C	Vincenzo accepted Alonzo 's distraught joy , only wishing it was sewn on something genuine , already starting to regret that he 'd misled him .
tr	O	It dances in the gentle lulling waves .
tr	O	He barreled his way inside , following right behind her .
tr	O	He nudges open a door with his foot and says , " Light on the right . "
tr	C	" He will send a messenger to the Dax , the Dax will give him coin or avenge a favor on him .
tr	C	And reins would be about as much use as a championship on a rock .
tr	O	His irises were still turquoise .
tr	O	Finally was his trademark , a glistening leather jacket with metal plates decorating it 's shoulders and sleeve cuffs .
tr	C	He rolled the shackles .
tr	C	They are mementos that lead directly to the center of this world .
tr	O	Thomas levelled his revolver at the empty windscreen and backed away .
tr	C	" No , this isn 't a plantation visit , " Jo said easily .
tr	C	The prosecutor on his ear sparkled and a vision flashed .
tr	O	Maybe other events had happened but had not been documented .
tr	C	" Mike 's entrance into your particular mishap took all of us by surprise .
tr	C	With him getting married and overcoming the mansion , folks suspect he 'll be around quite a bit . "
tr	O	You hear stories of people who have had a blackout in memory because of a negative experience .
tr	C	Apparently , being engaged to a successful young attorney with the right social connections had some definite requirements .
tr	C	What you said about the meeting only considers it .
tr	O	Empathy and telepathy were two of the worst high maintenance gifts that individuals could possess .
tr	C	During a birthing night , when Serena 's own mother was in labor with her , the werewolves scorned .
tr	O	the girl continued , her voice moving into double-digit decibels .
tr	C	One by one , their heavy trunks smack the ground in thunderous explosions that send shudders through the soles of my feet .
tr	O	He pulled away , convulsing and screeching , his face contorted like a murdered corpse .
tr	O	Jason had hunted down that rare specimen , getting a large shipment in time .
tr	O	There are some affairs I haven 't treated you well in , and I want to rectify that .
tr	C	" So what are we going to do about this grave peril , my friends ? "
tr	O	So much that afflicted our lives could be found in the air we breathed .
tr	C	Tonight , he retained the One Power and turned it against me . "
tr	C	' So , all avenues exhausted after your escapades last night , you left it at that ? '
tr	C	Then its head snapped forward and it released a sharp , aggressive lope into my face , making me jump back in surprise .
tr	C	Or hex one of those masks that the nurses wore .
tr	O	She 's staring at my lips and then licks hers .
tr	C	At the same time , Joseph considered how he , too , had lost the connection with his old pines .
tr	C	He looked adorably cute standing there pouting in just his black boxers briefs and white polo .
tr	O	A woman in a Red Cross shirt pulled sweets from her pocket and handed them over .
tr	O	We went out in the corridor , that shitty all-white corridor with the doors of all classrooms , those too as white as snow .
tr	O	In that time the group we left behind had similar fates .
tr	O	He leans forward and clasps his hands in front of him , his elbows resting on his knees .
tr	C	In my growing confidence and bandits , I offered to be bait for at least one of the trap ideas .
tr	O	Perhaps an indication to learn to be a better nurturer or caretaker .
tr	C	The coyote was an engineering wonder and an architectural marvel .
tr	O	I contemplate grabbing Ketchup and opting for sitting outside or in the halls , anywhere but here .
tr	O	Where did she get off , preferring this to marriage and a full life with him ?
tr	C	Rose of Sharon put the bullhorn to her lips and began a rousing crescendo of " I like to eat apples and bananas . "
tr	O	I hop on my bike and pedal home , pissed at myself for letting him go down my pants .
tr	C	I opened one of my suitcases and fished out my tardiness as well as a fresh pair of jeans and a tank top .
tr	C	Monica perched herself on one of the blacks in the kitchen .
tr	C	The Welsh are intertwined in an alliance to drive us away .
tr	C	... Middle Ground It tends to me that there persists a fatal gulf in my reasoning .
tr	O	Let 's crank it up and see if we can get this thing singing , just the way you want before you start looking at pedals . '
tr	O	She took on an expression as though he had doused her rage with cold water .
tr	O	We don 't know who else is helping him and how far his plan extends .
tr	O	If she sells it , we 'll never catch up with her . "
tr	C	Let me coax a protection detail .
tr	C	He repeated the process back the other direction and stopped in the center at my nemesis .
tr	C	Every person owned mobile artillery .
tr	O	Valor 's power is what binds you . "
tr	O	She , on the other hand , kept second-guessing her decision .
tr	O	There was something here , something otherworldly that was rippling over me , skimming over my skin , causing my fingertips to tingle .
tr	O	" I 'm going to begin visiting the cities and see if I can persuade a few of these candidates to join us , " she said .
tr	C	" Ride me today , did you ? "
tr	C	" You take me the most interesting places , " Eve was saying to Michael when she pitied them .
tr	O	Unfortunately for Smokey and his business model , the phenomenon of Flavor began to disappear around this time .
tr	O	I know he 's your friend , but the threat he poses to the island is too great to ignore . "
tr	C	Sure enough , the supermarket had lowered the velvet rope and was talking heatedly to the four girls , who were dressed to the nines .
tr	C	He continued on for some time , reminiscing and carrying on .
tr	O	More scuffling , and Sara had no choice but to dart upstairs to Eli 's room .
tr	C	Forsythe busied himself with his bread , turning the knife over in his hand as he unfurled it .
tr	O	Her swing hit home , plunging into the side of the creature 's head , splitting it open like a melon .
tr	O	After learning nothing helpful from the other boys Whitlock rejoined Josef , who had just finished talking with the headmaster .
tr	O	He took to the rooftops , meaning to find Markos and Maria at once .
tr	O	" And it wasn 't a promise to become one of them when the Senator finally makes their genetics contagious .
tr	O	They emerge from the neighbour 's house , a little closer to the ground , and run across the street .
tr	C	If he lets us stay after the baby is born your room is plenty big enough for a medal !
tr	C	And her getaway , her thanks , meant a great deal to me .
tr	C	Anything that poked above the writings was fair game .
tr	C	For she had visited Carter often in the old waking days , and knew well the lovely New England colonies that had given her birth .
tr	O	I make all the recruits do it . "
tr	C	" Actually yaar , after slashing down all that vodka , I had to pee real bad .
tr	O	A dwarf leapt from the barricade , not seeing the policeman .
tr	C	She felt her blade puncture through bone and heard the breath catch in his scythe .
tr	O	The vision of the vixen stayed with him until he heard the receptionist 's chair creak .
tr	C	The music seemed to obliterate everyone , including herself .
tr	C	You just have to know how to avoid the air shafts , and luckily , I 'm an expert . "
tr	C	He paused for a minute and looked out at his nemesis .
tr	O	" Fifteen minutes to contact , " the navigation officer announced .
tr	O	" I tweaked your chin once . "
tr	O	Just a bit of a diversion before the propriety of the ball .
tr	C	I find the hem of his shirt , my fingers disintegrating the lines of his muscles .
tr	C	And the only way to the Wishing Tree is through the smoker . "
tr	O	I could help , " she said hopefully , causing me to feel like a cad even though I hadn 't done anything .
tr	O	Canute smiled and told the two young slaves that he was terribly pleased that he had this uncontested proof of his sexual prowess .
tr	O	She picked up chores , not asking anyone , but simply mending or cleaning anything she thought needed it .
tr	C	The look on Daemon 's face said he 'd rather stick his head in a meat cleaver .
tr	C	Bright splashes of light , many of them , stood in slowly swaying ranks .
tr	C	The musty pub had the smell of wet dog about it and he anticipated a monstrosity of grumbling from Jem when he arrived .
tr	C	Birds were busy bolting out a happy melody that surrounded me from all sides and ... .
tr	C	Now that he is retired from unfolding , he is coaching .
tr	C	With legs astride , iron railing raised above him , he stood above the small projectile and let fall the bar .
tr	O	Which was the million-dollar question , but there was another surfacing in my mind as well .
tr	C	One minute you were the greatest soldier of the civilian arson and the next you were a piece of trash that couldn 't comb your hair right .
tr	C	The only items left inside Rann 's palace are the sinks and viciousness .
tr	C	For two weeks I bristled .
tr	O	If there were any more transmitters aboard , he didn 't care .
tr	C	Gwen took one more glance over the heads of the bridesmaids , smiled , and turned to walk away .
tr	C	Another of his father 's sergeants explained the situation best .
tr	C	I 'm trying really hard to hide my jealousy , but my words are starting to slush along with my thoughts .
tr	C	After a moment , she looked up to find the woman seducing her .
tr	C	He looked back toward the falls then turned to his flaws .
tr	O	I 've done nothing to gain your ire and yet you 've cut me to ribbons with your gaze at every turn . "
tr	C	- It 's a shame that I paired you , I didn 't answered if I knew that you called me .
tr	C	It was a cool spring evening , and Joe wondered if there would be a late season dedication .
tr	C	Before they left the incline , Charlotte and Ben personally thanked Sharon and every person who 'd come to their support .
tr	O	I left the house , crossed the southern bridge to the mainland and after 15 minutes , turned onto Interstate 95 .
tr	C	After this , there 'll certainly be enough defenders .
tr	O	After they happened across a large family of obese , blue-gray apes , the others had to drag Jason away .
tr	O	She removes the knife from his hand and places one of the silver pens into it and squeezes his hand so he grips it tightly .
tr	O	Liz thought of Tara , Myra , and Amber and the hours they sat in a circle chanting spells and wielding their collective power .
tr	O	It buzzed on in perfect intervals .
tr	C	I quibble over to the black grand piano that sits majestically near the window overlooking the sweeping grounds .
tr	O	" I 'm saying the prophet has given us something we could have never dreamt of . "
tr	O	Everything he said seemed slightly rehearsed , and he seemed very confident in his clarification as well .
tr	C	Why should we declare ourselves and this mission on the pining of a lonely girl unable to deal with reality ? "
tr	C	The other children were wary of the abbess 's apprentice .
tr	C	I sprinted over to Vincent and the books , and proceeded to lodge the whole box at our furry mystics .
tr	C	Ser Glendon snatched the lance from him , wheeled about , and trotted toward the deliveries .
tr	O	His failure in the institution mocked him , so he focused his energies on helping others who were betrayed and had no advocates .
tr	C	Things were sure to become worse now that the Republicans had won so many Congressional seats in the recent swarms .
tr	C	He bent over picked up the scandals and tossed them into the middle of the flames .
tr	O	But if he survives , then my minor intrigue in the boy will be rapidly elevated to fascination . '
tr	C	She reined his cheek , and Dagmar saw more affection in that single gesture than she 'd ever seen before .
tr	O	When she and Lucas had discussed forever before , she 'd mourned leaving her homeland .
tr	O	" I don 't want nothin ' from her , and I sure don 't want her to be my ma .
tr	O	She turned to see what had the foal 's attention .
tr	O	" Ask a nice lady named Doris to mend that , " I said as I broke the shaft and yanked him free .
tr	C	The floorboard had yet to admit he liked Miranda , but Miranda was patient .
tr	C	Yet somehow this was not the bungalow I had hoped for .
tr	C	He felt her grow still before she relaxed then , softly , she admitted , " I don 't know if I can coax you . "
tr	O	" Devon , the Elders won 't underestimate her again . "
tr	C	Morgan relaxed and leaned against him , closing her eyes and cuddling close .
tr	C	Not mine alone , paired with a strong feeling that I was single .
tr	O	Ronan grinned at her , amused by her persistence and her audacity .
tr	O	I just wanted to see the ho on the flo .
tr	O	As I was saying , we have experts specializing in diverse strategies to fit your goals .
tr	C	She quickly retracted , her small wardrobe looking even more pathetic hanging in a small corner of the gigantic closet .
tr	O	Something told me that this man was more of a trickster than Kennan could ever be .
tr	O	Her hair is now dark red , with some sort of shiny gel making it stick up every which way .
tr	C	After they both disregard over it together , Jackson throws his arms around her and kisses her on the lips as if I 'm not standing watching .
tr	C	After tightening the gremlin , Iona put on her riding helmet .
tr	C	Wait , no , Why are you even chipped ? "
tr	O	Her lips twisted , her gaze skimming over the dark , seemingly empty garden .
tr	O	Capture it , no , " he answered dryly , assisting her out of her hiding place .
tr	O	Ryan Hendricks dumps Eleanor Channing , gets engaged to Emily Saunders and then during a passionate tryst with Eleanor she kills him with a ... gun ? "
tr	O	" My lord , " she replied , with another curtsey , before withdrawing through the door by which she 'd entered .
tr	O	When the holo shell hit , it broke wide open and showed the streaky movement of men running covertly .
tr	C	It 's historically significant because the farmstead eventually sedated and grew into the present-day city of Springbok . "
tr	C	The sound of my name on his lips seems to work like a key , reliving the chains of restraint and common sense between us .
tr	O	You have evidently lived here a long time and know the local lore as well or better than anyone .
tr	C	Harald would take no timeline if he fled combat to undertake that mission since it would be a life-threatening challenge .
tr	O	Rebecca had it on speakerphone .
tr	C	It was obvious that both of the boys played often , which paired with an uncommon wealth of natural talent , seemed to shine through their speakers .
tr	O	Five gives me a deadpan look like he doubts it and I can 't help smiling in return .
tr	C	Then there was that hipster in the barn on the last day of seventh grade .
tr	C	He avoided her and their interaction was limited to a few brisk cheerfulness .
tr	C	" Okay , big rig , how about a dance right now ? "
tr	O	I instructed the other men to help me drag the injured guys over by the truck and administer what first aid they could .
tr	O	Sandra 's voice rang out in the other room , telling a potential buyer about the square footage and the kitchen upgrades .
tr	C	There my brother went again , making deliveries .
tr	C	Jack looks like a biker dude from back on Beverly Hills 90210 .
tr	O	His lips are on my neck , tasting me , devouring me , and I force myself to think straight .
tr	O	April pointed at Jason 's textbook .
tr	O	" The blisters are gone . "
tr	C	Yet harder did my depression bear down upon me , and I garnered no use for anyone , not my new companion , not even myself .
tr	C	Feeling his arms wrap around my shoulders , I stiffened but refused to pull away , not wanting to untie him anymore today .
tr	C	Geez , I 'm such a tad .
tr	C	" But we need tons of tickets quickly in order to get the fees . "
tr	O	I would like to give you my number and ah ... maybe we could go and do something , nightlife is good around here ... sometimes . "
tr	O	Your father believes the sheep will show best with you attired in silver and blue . "
tr	O	" If everybody gets betrothed at thirteen , isn 't she already set to marry somebody else ? "
tr	O	This sweet woman would not only put customers ' clothes through the washer and dryer , she would iron them and fold them . )
tr	O	" I found the pillowcase , Mike , " he said , leaning close .
tr	O	When the electrodes at the ends of the wires were lifted from their points of contact , his muscles writhed .
tr	C	They entered a hallway with plush royal burgundy carpet and framed oil paintings of past deeds like Teddy Roosevelt and Woodrow Wilson .
tr	O	If he weren 't so creepy he 'd be attractive but he 's just ... ugh .
tr	O	The sergeants left and Howard went back to the barricade .
tr	O	All the addresses were in the Los Angeles metropolitan area .
tr	O	The mosquito that had been buzzing Missy 's face had now moved to her knee and landed .
tr	C	Between puffs and lessons , she 'd barely had any time for herself .
tr	O	" that 's what you said the last time I came up gagging . "
tr	O	" That 's right ... " She pulls me in by the T-shirt and begins raking her fingertips over me .
tr	C	She didn 't leave when I put it to my ear , sparking to sit on the edge of the bathtub .
tr	C	It 's all about your expectations going in , your actions and reactions while pummeling it .
tr	O	His lips twisted in the way that she 'd come to know anticipated a sarcastic quip .
tr	O	I winced and put the ringer to vibrate .
tr	C	For some unknown reason , she had been targeted for evacuation . "
tr	O	He shakes his head as if trying to dispel a disturbing thought .
tr	C	The sheer browns of it catches me off-guard .
tr	C	Twenty-Five A couple more weeks passed with no unusual behaviors or significant changes .
tr	O	Rohr had a jury consultant assigned to record everything the jurors wore .
tr	C	Gill noticed the casual measurement .
tr	C	I loved her advantages .
tr	C	" It was a sulk . "
tr	C	he shouted out at the top of his lungs , but the tank continued to siphon away .
tr	C	We 'll take the money and gorge a boat down at the jetty , OK ?
tr	C	I put the tip of the nail gun up to the perspiration and shoot a nail into it .
tr	C	Sometimes as I water the format we planted out front , I think I hear you on the winds , but know it 's not you .
tr	C	She walked to the window to see the morning haze enveloping the duck pond and she sensed Cade behind her .
tr	C	They ran into the possibility of launching the surrounding organs if they kept trying . "
tr	C	I lift it up and there are several e-mails , so I grab one and flatten the paper out against the steering wheel .
tr	C	If you look that up in your arsenal it will tell you all about lack of interest , enthusiasm or concern .
tr	C	It felt weird -- by this time of year , Seth was used to bitter cold and driving ambitions .
tr	C	You know , you could ask Jett to fib a little about his Cadillac . "
tr	C	And so he trotted off to speak to all the airship , pausing only to stare wistfully over the fence at Bo Peep 's sheep .
tr	C	He swiped an orange juice can off the counter and crumpled it in his fist before launching it into a recycling bin with a resounding rattle .
tr	O	" Let me rephrase that .
tr	O	Her eyes were assailed by the pale light streaming from a darkened sky .
tr	C	" Mommy , may I have a chimney ? "
tr	O	a booming voice asked with an alcohol-induced slur .
tr	C	" You know he 's studying silhouettes and stuff .
tr	O	I was so rigid it skirted the line of pleasure and true discomfort .
tr	O	The robber , the one with the bigger upper body screamed and jumped back , and Katie understood then that he was a she .
tr	O	' Oh , just one thing , sir , about them stamps ... ' ' Yes ?
tr	C	They would finally be old enough to work full time and help contribute to the family 's whimpers .
tr	C	Something that sparkled , reflecting the light of the planet , shining from the dual staircases .
tr	C	The men had such quantum , believing themselves above all laws , even the laws of common decency .
tr	C	And it seemed to expand like a wave , to infuriate them as well .
tr	O	" Where 's your raccoon eyes ? "
tr	O	The train was slowing again , and the chicken sheds were nearly out of sight .
tr	C	The smile on her lips sent a chill up Amparo 's neck , and she felt a barbecue at her scalp .
tr	C	" Caught up " was all that Sk ' lar said , short for agreement with and recognizing the approval that Marcus had given it .
tr	O	Finally , he kissed me , quickly , but it felt like a punctuation , like I could finally stop talking .
tr	O	Okay , that was part of the reason he had the hots for her ; I just knew it .
tr	C	The feeling inside me explodes , and then I cannot rest until I satisfy the spirit . "
tr	O	And it was Roman , sexily lounging in gray sweats , a navy T-shirt , and bare feet on her frilly white bedspread and assorted pillows .
tr	O	We 'll get you out in a jiffy , " Brandi cries out .
tr	O	Waving the groom to remain perched beside the coachman , Gideon opened the coach door and waited for the boy to scramble onto the leather seat .
tr	O	They both wore field dress uniforms : thick khaki coveralls and army boots .
tr	C	He still had the stews to unfurl before morning arrived .
tr	C	It connects us at least a hundred dollars and face it , we need that hundred dollars . "
tr	O	But it didn 't take long for the influence of his upbringing to finally reassert itself .
tr	O	He continued running , hopelessness seeping into his weary , defeated body .
tr	C	There 's been some activity picked up by our transmissions of massive Russian troop movements .
tr	O	" Interesting gadget , isn 't it ? "
tr	O	Even though she hadn 't actually stopped me from working on Wrights , she 'd soured the experience for me .
tr	C	I 'd know my child 's momma soon .
tr	O	After a few seconds , he stopped actively pulling and simply took in the line as they coasted toward him .
tr	C	As for the screenplay , I tried to ignore this too , but it was harder than I 'd like to admit .
tr	C	" Unlock the portal and release the rabbits ! "
tr	C	Almost as she spoke Billy spotted one across the crowded underbrush .
tr	O	She sat down close to the big patrolman .
tr	C	Empty packets , that kind of thing . '
tr	C	Fear of making a bad cut with an unfamiliar blade had sufficiently disguised the craving for the euphoria .
tr	O	As he spoke , he headed for the front door , then stopped when she diverted her route and walked toward the back of the car .
tr	C	They were amplified by heavy sleep .
tr	C	Some states can put you on the sprinkler just for being recognized by the public . "
tr	O	" I was trying to help , you crazed viper ! "
tr	C	I 'm going into town to the dispatcher .
tr	O	" You called yourself an exile , " Jason remembered .
tr	O	We also are going to a charity event for autism the night before we leave .
tr	O	Gods of the underworld !
tr	C	And she was sick of Andrea thinking she was a marathon .
tr	O	Harvey pulled the creases up on his trousers .
tr	C	Instead , a figure clad entirely in formality stood in the box .
tr	O	He continues staring at me as if weighing my inquiry .
tr	O	The water was thick with slimy algae but Chase didn 't mind .
tr	O	" I 've got nothing against prostitutes , " I said .
tr	O	Jackson grabbed my hands , stilling them on his chest .
tr	C	" You will , " he owes me .
tr	O	And he was there , striding toward her , oozing testosterone .
tr	O	You must never let your personal details get onto any database ; you must never hold a genuine driving licence , never have a credit card .
tr	C	It 'll help protect them , should some of us , Morley , suffer a resolution of character . "
tr	C	My heart would impose , and I 'd quickly look away to keep the heat from rising in my cheeks .
tr	O	I ended up shrieking the last syllable when his hand suddenly shot out , taking me by surprise as he grabbed hold of me .
tr	O	Within kissing distance , making her want to let go of her inhibitions .
tr	C	Maverick possessed many talents but he waded in the kitchen .
tr	O	We 'll stay in the best hotels , sail the seas on mighty liners , fly through the sky on aeroplanes .
tr	C	* * * The next three nights were spent covering as much ground as possible , with the secondary mission of finding normalcy before sunrise .
tr	C	The growling intensified a split second before a woman danced her way into the metal circle that designated the hel .
tr	C	She was so filled with pain for the time she 'd missed out on when she and Joseph had so many lakes between them .
tr	O	Adrien , is it possible to get a magma burn ?
tr	C	I didn 't mean to subdue you weren 't whole . "
tr	O	Prue glanced from the dance floor to the barman and back again .
tr	O	Now we were about to get another drenching .
tr	O	I shift a little , trying to ignore the need that twinges at the very heart of me .
tr	O	he said tersely , launching himself forward .
tr	C	It was still there , just charmed by her innocence of how this violent world works .
tr	O	He clicked to a pornographic site , which had videos .
tr	O	He tore his mouth away from hers , breathing hard , his breath fogging in the cold air .
tr	C	His name was insulated in so many circles .
tr	C	' ... could you please ... ' ' No , it 's not the comm , sir .
tr	C	As we trekked up another floor , I noticed that my head felt clearer and my senses seemed sharper than they had in months .
tr	O	" Ten years ago I testified against this small-time drug lord , Castor James , and it put him in prison .
tr	C	" The hypothesis that drew our attention to the target in the first place seem a little orchestrated on hindsight .
tr	C	I cannot accept your offer , O brave and extremely good-looking one , ' she said to me , eyes shining like twin splashes in the moonlight .
tr	O	I could never have a butt like that , no matter how many squats I did .
tr	C	Tiny beads of blood had pushed through his beverage .
tr	C	She felt the slight jarring of his body as he somehow evoked the walls of her building , like he was a giant spider .
tr	C	He makes interesting devices to amuse ladies , jewellery boxes which play a tune and writing desks with hidden passageways , that sort of thing . "
tr	C	Colonists were beginning to think beyond the present state of siege , rubbing their wishes together , uncovering their desires for personal futures .
tr	O	After struggling through chemotherapy and radiation treatment , my mother finally beat her cancer .
tr	O	He didn 't expect her to disentangle from his arms and step back .
tr	C	One plantation that she left was in these words : ' Prepare !
tr	C	" My nightmares have whisked down a bit , " he smiled .
tr	O	" Yes , she 's no bigger than a bean .
tr	C	Beyond the glass windows several tutors had arrived , but Richardson knew it was too late .
tr	C	The gremlin grinned again .
tr	C	A young henchman of a woman with spiky red hair and a matching jumper rushed forward , nearly bumping into the new secretary .
tr	C	" Burnett works for the FRU , but he owes me that the people who did that are no longer with the organization .
tr	C	" That padlock , he grabbed Air when I jumped out .
tr	O	Captain Derek Sutherland had his hand on her breast , her mind repeated like a mantra .
tr	C	" Not an apparition . "
tr	O	His tuxedo must be well padded which made him look more muscular than he possibly could be .
tr	C	A tin plate held two slices of bread and a mockery of cheese .
tr	O	It was easy to read her unhappiness .
tr	C	Her honesty aroused him , as did the image of her pestering her own gratification through use of his body .
tr	O	Her grandsons , Felix and Dan , were with her tonight , and they didn 't have a problem with me either .
tr	O	She added , " Let the Spirits of the Forest guide and assist you . "
tr	C	Hywel jerked his head to indicate Gareth should follow , and walked under the trees to where his other waitresses gathered .
tr	C	His relationships , his choices , his ideas of success and equations and everything associated with the idea of the good life were now in flux .
tr	O	" You eat the horses ' oats ? "
tr	O	Damion gave a single clap and pointed at Christophe , " Sharp as a tack !
tr	C	This shadowy enemy he mentions ... they could have mastered the government 's inner circles . "
tr	O	Firewalls toppled before her like dominoes .
tr	C	Then he prevents me with an answer .
tr	C	It was the first words they had heard from the magick .
tr	O	" All I ever wanted was for us all to be together -- you as king , me as your advisor , and Alexius as queen .
tr	C	Normally she would 've accepted but Margaret 's stereo still rang in her ears .
tr	C	" Pack your weights ; we 're leaving right now .
tr	O	Susan asked , " What about the Shroud ? "
tr	O	Several prisoners in front of me in the queue had been called over to other free stalls .
tr	O	For the hope that had been stolen from me time and time again , until it dwindled into nothing .
tr	C	Without my disagreement , they would still be alive today - I take the responsibility for their deaths .
tr	C	With that settled , the guards separated slightly and permitted Tasha to terrify her horse into a trot onto the well-traveled road .
tr	O	Fortunately , they didn 't know the particulars about his most recent interactions with Tamara .
tr	C	According to the staff , the standoff was used to availing herself of Halstead Hall during travels and in lieu of a hotel when visiting the neighborhood .
tr	O	" And you are not here to pay homage .
tr	C	" He must have used tools from the future to remove that vein of knuckle so quickly . "
tr	O	So when Erin saw an opening and swung a perfect sweep kick to the groin , Don crumpled to the ground as if incapacitated .
tr	O	Terry did a back flip , grabbing onto the shark 's fin as it passed underneath him , inches from where he had just been .
tr	O	I think you 've already pierced the muscle in your eyebrow - and you shouldn 't still be bleeding unless you 've hit veins or arteries . "
tr	O	I hope he trusts us to take care of ourselves . "
tr	C	Not wanting to risk that the Elders , counseling , or guards show up unexpectedly , maybe for supplies , we make sure we 're well hidden .
tr	C	" There is some romantic tension in our little group , though , " Callie said , settling back in her headlight .
tr	C	Her need for him far exceeded any misgivings she had .
tr	C	I need unrest quickly .
tr	C	Building owners just didn 't want to risk the unknown of not measuring the property under their investment .
tr	C	We had a revelation in this very house after He lengthened . "
tr	O	Have a good look at the woman you wed with , Alaric , " Gregor tossed in Alaric 's direction .
tr	C	Sebastian couldn 't remember ever feeling such detachment , such deep disgust .
tr	O	In the back of my mind I saw the snippets of the desolation we traveled through with Emma and Gertrude .
tr	C	The grey granite stone walls had been cleaned and inhabited some time in the recent past .
tr	O	Jake positioned himself at the rear of the animal and felt her flank .
tr	O	" You use the intonation of the peasants .
tr	O	She pointed with a powerful hand toward a small outcropping of rock .
tr	C	He began to oblige me by describing in a graphic and profane way what he was going to do to Shannon sexually after he had killed me .
tr	C	One of them tried to relieve me of my sacrifices by threatening me with a laser knife .
tr	O	Or maybe it was incredible confidence ; perhaps he and his cohorts had been acting with impunity for decades or even longer .
tr	C	I am here to help you rebuild you life and avert the skills to live it to the fullest . "
tr	C	Turns out Holly 's visage wasn 't far off .
tr	C	We are being deceived .
tr	C	As filming as he was , he was acting out of love , and she adored him for it .
tr	C	" D.J. is a fortnight in sheep 's clothing , " Justin insisted .
tr	C	It was a proving ground for tanks , monarch , and all manner of armored beasts .
tr	O	I am afraid if you asked me for ten page overview , I couldn 't provide it yet . "
tr	C	" There is nothing for us in the bluntness .
tr	C	" So what 's the next segment ?
tr	C	He told Madeline because she broke her word to him he was taking you in ownership of their agreement . "
tr	O	On a table in the center there were neat stacks of game jerseys and pants .
tr	C	And she let him go with her pleas .
tr	C	Brooke hit him with a cold glare and Evy howled with laughter , pointing at him with an accusatory finger covered in ops .
tr	C	As the grenades went amber , she detected movement , tiny microbes wriggling inside the pods .
tr	O	The turnstile let me through .
tr	C	He stood and reflected on the loss of his men and then disguised what he could .
tr	O	One infamous group was the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia , known as FARC by its Spanish acronym .
tr	O	She looked around , biting her lip as she tried to figure out a way to identify the mysterious emblem .
tr	O	" You know what happens when a voodoo queen becomes undead ? "
tr	C	I sit at the window seat in the living room , alternately admiring the view , and slithering through a glossy magazine on interior design .
tr	C	Alexia had just enough presence of mind to rake out that under no circumstances was anyone to attempt to bathe Prudence .
tr	C	Swimming toward us like a jumper possessed .
tr	C	' It doesn 't taste like burger , ' Spike said , wrinkling up the courage to take a bite , ' it tastes like pizza . '
tr	C	It had beautiful high stockings and the walls were constructed from quarry stones , which had been covered internally with several frescos .
tr	O	Lukas and Elizabeth joined Lukas 's companions as they converged in the middle of the street .
tr	O	You will also receive a pair of earphones so you can get audio directions to your destinations .
tr	C	the impeccably dressed guardian asked , his traditional sword at his side as well as the lectern on his belt , should it ever be needed .
tr	O	He was happy to take over here for the last two concerts from Loreen because he knew that it was a limited engagement .
tr	C	Steps , broken in the centre , led up to a cannonball , two stone pillars guarding the entrance to a huge , open door .
tr	C	I screeched , breathing heavily , madly gesturing with my hands which were curled into fists , prompting the bag of chips around at precarious speed .
tr	O	She watched him turn the act of chewing into foreplay , the steady clenching of his jaw a surprisingly erotic sight .
tr	C	" She 's AJ 's older sister and she 's currently at a laird with some friends .
tr	C	He knew it had been the real reason he had been invited to the party , by trying to avoid her he was only reinforcing the inevitable .
tr	C	There arose an unholy and long standing alliance between Morton and Margaret , with the object of overturning the English lettering and making Henry Tudor king .
tr	O	He was the ace clown , someone who exhibited many layers of potential that could be sculpted into a corporate boy wonder in no time .
tr	O	Candlelight welcomes them with its glorious radiance that filled up the entrance hall .
tr	O	I hoped whatever bug was in my system cleared itself out with this restart .
tr	C	There 's going to come a time very soon when everyone 's a voyeur .
tr	C	He heard the grating of the dead bolt again .
tr	O	My heavy breaths turned to vapor as I stood in front of her , panting , trying to gather my thoughts , to rein everything in .
tr	O	" I don 't want to go into all the details , but after Julia Lopez was killed I asked a fellow hacker for some help .
tr	O	She couldn 't have them beating each other to a bloody pulp over a simple misunderstanding that April instigated .
tr	C	We did not expect serious grudge from Kiev , either in taking the town , or in crossing the river .
tr	C	She noticed the gleaming hardwood floors and each room was entered beneath wide arched ceilings .
tr	O	The pouch hit the side of the building , throwing up a dusty cloud , and began eating away at the stucco .
tr	O	For permission requests , contact the publisher .
tr	C	He just put one teardrop on , when the door opened and the Sultan stepped out of the study .
tr	O	Between mouthfuls , both young men tried to plan out their futures .
tr	C	All the same , she surmised the idea over in her mind .
tr	C	I want you to memorize last , " John said .
tr	O	The sight piqued her .
tr	C	As if to rearrange his words , a huge chunk of rock crashes to the floor just in front of me .
tr	O	I held my breath and tried not to make a peep , keeping my sights on the dog as we passed .
tr	C	As the tunnels twisted and turned , I realized there were no monkeys or turns .
tr	C	" He ... " She scraped repeatedly at the back of her hand with her wristwatch .
tr	O	He choked on the fiery cider he was tentatively drinking , and she thumped him on the back a few times .
tr	C	He scooped her from the floor and backed towards the door , taking care not to faze her .
tr	O	' Well , if we do it carefully he can 't move in Time , that is , width to us .
tr	O	Alex 's formality forces a snort out of me .
tr	C	Running to the whatever printer we decided was safe -- at the slightest sign of danger .
tr	C	I didn 't know whether Blake was just saying it to be nice , but it made me feel a little less like a flaw in distress .
tr	O	" How is your tutoring going ? "
tr	O	A knock erupts at the door and both Fletch and I look up as if it were magically going to answer itself .
tr	O	This boundary would also include his home .
tr	C	The annihilation of dread that had settled in his belly kindled .
tr	O	I don 't think that counts if it 's not snowing . "
tr	O	He dumped a quart of Land O ' Lakes sour cream into a bowl , followed by two packets of dip mix .
tr	C	" Maybe you should check all those bidders you had lined up .
tr	O	In the midst of the flames Dominic could see a tiny black sliver of a shadow desperately trying to separate and slink toward the water .
tr	O	And then I 'll take care of the flank defences .
tr	O	I couldn 't stop my hands from tracing down the line of his stomach , lower and lower to his waistline .
tr	O	She was going to die of mortification !
tr	C	Spiked hair billowed like beards along their narrow faces .
tr	O	Regardless of admirable attempts , the rapid waves were infuriating as they seemed to keep pushing me back , still I didn 't give up .
tr	C	They were frantically checking his countrymen to make sure it was not a peak before the end .
tr	O	" I 'm glad to see someone here appreciates me . "
tr	O	When Gene locked his granddaughter in her high chair , she yelped at the indignity of her imprisonment .
tr	C	Amira had never known there were so many advantages of turnip .
tr	C	He propped her ankle on a padded stool and walked over to start the barbecue grill .
tr	C	" VIN here has just been estranged from the military this week .
tr	C	" I am so excited to be here , scandals .
tr	O	She followed that path all the way to where Cullen had hauled her out of the paddock but had no success .
tr	O	When she reached him , she set her hands on his legs , slowly shimmying her hips as she danced .
tr	C	Flying above the pollution put them past ventures .
tr	O	Especially since she seemed extra paranoid about going around with strangers , citing date rape and all sorts of scary things .
tr	O	" It 's only your hard-on that gets to go to bed with me . "
tr	C	" Drugs or flying ? "
tr	O	With his gaze still firmly affixed to the floor , he shook his head no .
tr	C	Somehow all of that had submerged in the he-man tactic of " showing " her where his interests lay .
tr	O	Her lips are really dry and she has a couple of cold sores .
tr	O	No snow yet lay on the ground , but it clung to the mountains and waited to pounce on the valleys .
tr	O	Finally , though , the academy came into sight .
tr	C	At least Mom had the sense to look guilty for being blindfolded by her own daughter .
tr	C	Daniel read the letter , nodding with approval , then crumpled it and threw it into the projectile .
tr	C	When the singing was finished , Paul stepped to the theatre and smiled at his audience .
tr	C	Vlad would punish those who 'd dispatched to Aden 's rule .
tr	C	I shall vouch that they will trump all over you . "
tr	O	He sees Marie Mallon chatting up supporters and , she hopes , donors .
tr	O	The old woman opened her hands and asked , " Have your infrastructure needs been met ? "
tr	O	She 'd clear her head , meet people and expand her horizons .
tr	C	But when Nick passed her a gun , she bawled .
tr	C	In recent years new hope sprang forth with characters like Don Draper and Agent P on television rock 'n a whiplash .
tr	C	I could feel the awfulness of it , but also the cheekbone .
tr	O	I brought up my hands to access the keypad and saw they were trembling .
tr	O	Bum continued to vent , a corkscrew popping from his arm in fury .
tr	O	They were cocked and primed and ready to fire .
tr	C	His hand closed over a thick knot of bark and monkeys .
tr	O	" Look luv , can you just let me -- . "
tr	O	" You minx , you . "
tr	C	One smart captain caught on and used math to come up with something called a ' combat veteran . '
tr	C	She paused just a few steps in , staring at the array of men assisted in chairs and on the couches across the room .
tr	O	He began to wrap up the compass in its little box , trying to remember the words that came next .
tr	O	It weakens all the muscles .
tr	C	I didn 't want to ruin them , not when I 'm just swiveling around . "
tr	O	Simon was in an identical black tux , but Simon was wearing a bow tie .
tr	O	He passed me on his horse , pausing to finger my collar , apparent just above the neckline of my top .
tr	O	" I have minions .
tr	O	' Patti , you sure as hell aren 't an imposition ; you 're a breath of fresh air . '
tr	C	Nan wouldn 't even garden before taking care of the specifics .
tr	C	The confinement of the gate had created a time vortex of sorts , which partially restored the world to as it was before .
tr	O	I want to point out that now he 's remembering things that never technically happened again , but he silences me with a brush of his lips .
tr	O	Greg realised how petulant that sounded and tried to qualify it professionally .
tr	O	Scottish poet and lyricist .
tr	C	Sometimes her agency couldn 't find nakedness any work .
tr	C	However , the race had regular users among themselves for no reasons .
tr	C	But he was no longer bound by any rules or alleys .
tr	C	The two exchanged startled glances , and both men eyed " Elijah " warily , on the verge of hibernating .
tr	O	Testing Claire and others without their consent , he learns that she meets biological prerequisites for the conversion .
tr	O	" I forgive you , " I whispered , wishing I could absolve her of her guilt .
tr	C	I untie my seatbelt and pull my hair into a quick ponytail , before I drive out of the driveway and down the road .
tr	C	Ryan opened his mouth to discharge his son for being rude , but Kelly shook her head .
tr	C	He shook the raiding as he pulled it closer .
tr	O	When he looked up , there was an unnerving severity in the old man 's gaze .
tr	O	The red beam was burrowing into my forehead , getting even hotter .
tr	C	He knew what he had to do , but he cowered against it .
tr	C	She took one , and glimpsed a paradise made of dark sweetness and a tang of refreshment and pistachio , as it melted on her tongue .
tr	O	He had a sword of fire palmed and at the ready the moment his feet hit the sidewalk outside , but ... There was nothing .
tr	O	" It 's just a tradition in my culture to wear this lotion on your wedding day .
tr	C	After a few moments , he directs us it is safe and we get out of our vehicles .
tr	O	Crouching carefully , he peered over the lip of the ramp and discovered another drop-off .
tr	C	She glanced surreptitiously at his visage , still tidily stacked by the typewriter .
tr	C	Now I knew what Ms. Lottie had meant when she said he was a padlock .
tr	C	For a while , when they had been scrolling letters , she had allowed herself to hope again .
tr	O	When I returned , I discovered you were widowed .
tr	O	My father planned to put them through probation and then reevaluate their commitment to the Colony .
tr	C	Once he found a cavity he liked he sucked at his teeth while he squinted at the pile .
tr	C	Immediately the thousands below started screaming , rum .
tr	C	My hand seized hold of it as an echoing snap resonated through the room .
tr	C	He walked down the hall and silently slipped into the back of a shadowy conference room where there was already a smartphone in session .
tr	O	" I can steal a lifeboat , " Nick said .
tr	C	She sat on the couch , looked out the window , and watched the stars dance and deceit in the distance .
tr	O	Though Devon knew how alike they looked , he was keenly reminded of the fact that their personalities had always been complete opposites .
tr	C	" Hey , " I said , reaching out to brush her cheek with one eyelid .
tr	O	A rush of startled birds pours from distant trees , rapidly concealing and revealing the sun .
tr	O	She practically snarls at me , but she does pull her clothes on .
tr	O	In any event , this stakeout was a bust , a failure .
tr	C	A suspected Allied sympathizer had been apprehended and questioned .
tr	C	Thousands of questions flooded my head , which by now was a familiar feeling , but one burning was at the aftermath of them all .
tr	C	Put the girl in careers and she would find the thin ice .
tr	O	Within the airship , the rest of Mary 's kids filled the rigid aluminum frame , resting on catwalks , finding space between the huge hydrogen bladders .
tr	O	A one-bedroom is available beginning next week , if I have references .
tr	C	He peppered pleasantly with me for a few minutes about nothing in particular .
tr	O	Back to the Table of Contents Chapter 21 From Izzy 's journals : Day 9 of imprisonment .
tr	C	Then he snatches the number and presses the speaker button .
tr	C	She felt the urge to raise her hand , making contact with fanfare and teeth , but mentally insisted she keep her hands folded in her lap .
tr	O	Despair clung to him , clawing it his skin , burrowing itself deep .
tr	O	Top award goes to Michael Felton for inventing a new technology that purifies salt water .
tr	O	No messy divorces or failed relationships .
tr	O	They wouldn 't need to fabricate anything raunchy because Damon did things to her , made her feel things that were decidedly raunchy and naughty .
tr	O	Over the mainland ? "
tr	C	" Main power is comin " Jon 's voice was shaky , " no response , negative maneuvering ! "
tr	C	" I assume he 's taken on the role of walkin on your behalf . "
tr	C	Graham knew he had to let Diego take care of it , much as it incinerated him .
tr	O	" You are all in a lather , aren 't you ? "
tr	C	" Any word on your convicts ? "
tr	O	" It stands , " said Jack , " if I 'm not breaking moon rocks for burglary . "
tr	C	" That 's a pretty small monitor in the reef .
tr	C	Another drop of beer spills from her hairline and I move my thumb against her skin a third time in order to catch it .
tr	O	I didn 't need to hack anything .
tr	C	He was glad he 'd said that when he felt Corinne 's happiness resonating inside him .
tr	C	He tripped as he hit the water and fell flat on his face in the tabs .
tr	O	A fierce and cutting man , he 'd ridiculed all emotion out of his son by the time he was ten years old .
tr	C	I panicked a bit , but got her to inquire and sat her up , so relieved and remorseful that I shook with it .
tr	O	Before she could remember , he 'd swept her into the whirlwind of preparations and one chance to tell him after another slipped by .
tr	O	Two different deposits had been made each month .
tr	O	I 'm sure you 're not allowed to transport foreign civilians across the cease-fire zone .
tr	O	" Well , after he wins a couple races , I 'll use some of the winnings to invest in a broodmare and look into studs .
tr	C	At the gate , men came up on both sides of the car and looked inside with rubies .
tr	O	She and Elizabeth cut small red stars from scrap fabric and sewed them onto the front of the caps .
tr	O	Oberon grabbed him up and turned , depositing the Puck at the foot of the throne and turning back to the Hall at large .
tr	O	" So have you given any thought to the auctions ? "
tr	O	Outside the Nassau airport they found a cab , a 1974 yellow Cadillac with a driver smoking pot .
tr	O	Jennifer and Sam dined on the veranda , that is , if a French restaurant can have a veranda .
tr	O	" Should I have spelled that out beforehand ? "
tr	O	She eased the undergarments from her body and threw them behind her .
tr	C	He had moved with no difficulty , no emissary .
tr	C	Thinking back on his two shares with McKay , Charlie wondered if other women found McKay as attractive as Hamilton obviously had .
tr	C	She had a beeline for silly things , he knew , and despite his own practical nature , he found her flights of fancy endearing .
tr	O	" If you think of this quill at smaller than the level of atoms and electrons ... " " The quantum level ... " said Matthew .
tr	O	" Can you guess what molecule these atoms belong to ? "
tr	O	Whenever I 'm traveling on the tram I tend to avoid small talk .
tr	C	" But I 'm makin ' you ta trust me and hear him out . "
tr	O	The kind of woman that made Camille shrink into a cocoon of doubt and insecurity in the shadows of her basking beauty .
tr	O	One of the men manning the oars wiped the sweat from his brow with his forearm , further shading his eyes as he looked up to Coren .
tr	C	The door closed with a soft metallic dispenser , and then sealed itself .
tr	O	" Humor me . "
tr	C	This way , and you two damned dogs take a proper hold of him , before he rips away in this press . "
tr	O	- Mindy stands up and the camera view pans out a bit .
tr	C	The breeze carried the smell to my nostrils again , pissing me .
tr	C	Dear gods , let the barbarians be working at close quarters , she prayed .
tr	C	York held out his arm , egging her from leaving the booth .
tr	O	Who am I to chastise another 's lack of piety ?
tr	O	" Sir , I 'm going to have to subdue you if you do not - " " Run ! "
tr	C	Head boss vampire , political animal , budding womanhood .
tr	O	The little minx was good .
tr	O	The woman who looked back at her was composed , belying the roil of emotions inside her .
tr	C	Dex I was upstairs enjoying the comfort of my king-sized bed and the flat screen when the sound of the doorbell echoed through the marshal .
tr	O	He rubbed , using her juices to coat it , and tapped hard with his fingers .
tr	C	His feet made suctioning noises as he pulled them free , and the water cascaded around him as he fell forward and reached out for support .
tr	C	It had been one of Jake 's pies when she told him she wanted to start her own business .
tr	C	She chooses the title .
tr	C	Child kings didn 't pronounce .
tr	C	I saw a lightning flash in the distance and paused , counted the time to the cassock , and returned my attention to the window .
tr	C	" Bottom o ' the seller , he is .
tr	O	He laid the blame for his rages on the spirits he drank to excess and , sometimes , on her .
tr	O	I bet that bullying stopped when Mason was busy with a girlfriend .
tr	O	Then he slowly held his hand out until it entered the square of brilliance .
tr	O	" She 's on heroin . "
tr	C	But only the merest of flickers , the barest quick change of expression , which even Andrew 's superb vision was hard pressed to rationalize .
tr	O	They sped straight across town , shooting across the dust covered lot of a derelict car dealership and down an empty stretch of Division Street .
tr	O	Locking my front door behind me , I plodded down the front steps and over to the sidewalk , turning right .
tr	C	Anguish crashes through his features .
tr	O	He flashed a more complex pattern , and the squid answered , but then moved off to the left .
tr	C	" To the afterglow ! "
tr	O	Was Gwen fated for something evil ?
tr	O	Emma rips a piece of paper out of her purse and hand it to him with a pen .
tr	O	" They appear to be willing to give you the benefit of the doubt , " she said as the door closed behind the departing pair .
tr	C	People were bugging her carelessly .
tr	C	Your life , your sketches , your happiness , they 've changed .
tr	C	" I work for the FBI occasionally , as a medal . "
tr	O	I had to stop myself from having a taste and leaving behind my DNA for the coroner 's office .
tr	C	" Do you think he planned to destroy the settlements ? "
tr	O	" Fixing the problem , like I said , " I say letting the blood drop to the ground .
tr	C	I caught a glimpse of motion through a window in the cabin , and heard a whizzing sound .
tr	O	" Yeah ... " Robert said , " ... let 's not go and say that giant frogs aren 't dangerous .
tr	C	Pastor wrote , " Been thinkin a long time for this day , wished I coulda been there . "
tr	C	From what I could sense , there were three separate , small bonfires , but if I hesitated they would be gone .
tr	C	Had he chanted my brother away by pointing to a spot where the ball had gone ?
tr	O	Max stood up and walked to his electronics workbench .
tr	O	The first visit she could chalk up to curiosity and following through on his mission .
tr	O	Our enemies lurk in shadows and play a game of insurgency , ambush and dirty tricks .
tr	C	Once He decides you 've done your time , so to speak , you can take your place here in the Fringe and enjoy its guidelines .
tr	C	Since the discovery of her affair with Dale McCormick , Irene had closeted herself in her little dent and wouldn 't come out .
tr	C	She leaned forward , dropped her voice to a whisper and as if to excuse his bosses said , " He 's been traveling today . "
tr	C	" You got your kind of backgrounds and they got theirs . "
tr	O	It 's good , it occurs to me , that even in our lowest moments , we haven 't lost this physical connection .
tr	C	A half dozen mech wolves ranged themselves from the fight with Jimmy 's troops and closed in on Winston .
tr	C	Like a hassle at a circus Cronus displays perfect showmanship .
tr	O	A chauffeur stepped from a waiting limousine and the crewman handed him two Louis Vuitton carry on bags .
tr	C	Their mission was stewardship of the lacerations and those who sail upon them .
tr	O	And the townspeople could get into it , and dress up like in days of the Old West . "
tr	O	And second , even though it is true that I oppose abortion , I don 't think that the doctor 's murder was justified .
tr	O	Even after the debacle of trying to tackle a billionaire , I finally felt like myself again .
tr	C	I expected Zach to wane again , but this time he brought his knives up and held the line .
tr	O	We chatted of academic psychology in general and of visual aids and teaching techniques .
tr	O	He tapped his knuckle against it .
tr	O	They had an affinity from day one .
tr	O	" If he followed my instructions , he 's in his room , " Jordan dryly replied , " meditating on the Eighth Commandment . "
tr	O	" Well , " I stammered , " won 't repetition of the same genetic structure be bad ?
tr	O	They were saying how they weren 't able to get into the lavatory two mornings in a row because you were in there being sick . '
tr	O	Tench picked a plump drumstick .
tr	C	Nothing to smother the various types of models .
tr	C	I have been hounding them for a while now .
tr	O	There was a chil in the room .
tr	C	" It never fails to amaze me that they can forget how to fly so quickly . "
tr	C	Or the rims of women !
tr	O	" Pretending not to be shocked at the way I look . "
tr	O	Some more rotted than others , you know ?
tr	C	They were hurrying along for fear of the packets .
tr	O	" Greedy vixen . "
tr	C	I relied on her before she could get away , pinning her body beneath mine and against the couch cushions .
tr	C	" The bodies are being cleared out and incarcerated .
tr	C	He closed the door behind him so that the hallucinations wouldn 't hear him should his voice get too loud .
tr	O	" This morning ... and then later , after the reindeer rides . "
tr	O	Only Heathcliff and Cathy had moors .
tr	O	Under no circumstance did he want to push her into anything .
tr	C	The theory was that the vocabulary caused some type of severe neurological damage ; destroying what is the humane part of the brain .
tr	C	I fiddle just a little closer to the dark figure ahead .
tr	O	All three travellers drank in the beauty of the rugged coast .
tr	O	Why did you tell me about the mugging ? "
tr	C	I cried for the men I shot , in self-defense or intellect .
tr	O	The armor is a kind of living organism and it feeds continually from us as we wear it , as it also strengthens us .
tr	C	When she teetered , she saw Derek now stood inches from the lion .
tr	O	She had the tree up , but it didn 't have a single strand of lights or even one decoration .
tr	C	Even the straw mattress could have done with some grunting out or even changing , but there was no time for all that .
tr	C	She was discharged he wouldn 't be pursuing her anymore , and she didn 't understand why .
tr	O	I was informed that a High Demon doesn 't come into adulthood until age twenty-two .
tr	C	" It 's prompting my code with the computer programs ... " The monster starts tossing again , the grip loosens .
tr	C	" Pay out the lights . "
tr	O	And I , at the opposite side of the courtyard , stared with sullen disgust , just departing my quarters at the jailhouse .
tr	C	It looked as if it had been designed specifically for Rand - and yet it was centuries old , varied only recently .
tr	O	Each and every one of them will be sought out and punished in accordance with our laws . "
tr	O	" Kid loves carrots .
tr	C	The smoking ban had been in place for several years , yet the restaurant still simmered with the smell of stale cigarettes .
tr	C	he whispered , dropping kisses along her blindness .
tr	C	' Let go of me , you daft old pyjamas ! '
tr	C	Guillaume 's body was still moving , but he knew they were death omens .
tr	C	I think that in a perfect society both strong drink and mirrors would be fazed for adolescents .
tr	O	They can 't get the -- " " It 's the scorpion rune .
tr	O	On and on she went down the table , a veritable Who 's Who of movers and shakers .
tr	O	" We 'll play to those strengths , but we have to be smart about it .
tr	O	" Go fetch those shuttles . "
tr	O	" I cannot imagine leaving the most honorable of nations , " Gunnar said .
tr	C	My thesis on family had diminished more than it had for either my brother or sister .
tr	O	Marcus held her down , his grip tight as he bound her hands together with his cravat .
tr	C	He could feel all his muscles aching and pitching .
tr	O	" That bump on your head has you all mushy this morning , " he said , snickering .
tr	O	He put a large stack of papers in front of Dad , who looked daunted by them . "
tr	O	" You still violated the spirit , if not the letter , of our agreement .
tr	O	My plan had backfired and now I couldn 't see that light at the end of the tunnel .
tr	O	I took a bite of my eggplant before continuing the conversation .
tr	C	" I know how to make barbecue , " I said .
tr	O	Resourceful and confident , without any natural propensity to introspection , the young man assumes himself invulnerable enough to fill the bodyguard role perfectly .
tr	C	Jackson had motivated me again .
tr	O	But ... I 'd broken in several hours ago , bypassing two guards and a cutting-edge robotic security system .
tr	C	" We 'd all have to sneak in and out of the oars through the old steam tunnels .
tr	O	" We were originally going to build our own clubhouse , but then we saw the writing on the wall . "
tr	O	Mech City squatted in all its shabby glory , just a few kilometers away from their hilltop position .
tr	O	As for power-packed thighs ... Amy took a grip on herself , wrenching her mind off the seductive promise of so much impressive male muscle .
tr	C	I came hopping down to shake a little sense into him , and he kicked me in the cockroaches and handed me one in the eye . "
tr	C	I just don 't know if I can do anything to prevent this deposition from happening . "
tr	O	While he was teaching , he was also studying theology , earning a masters degree , and being ordained as a Jesuit father .
tr	O	" We 'll hash out the details in the morning . "
tr	O	Shaken , Teresa walked as fast as her legs could carry her , amongst the crowd and through narrow , dirty alleyways towards home .
tr	C	I didn 't catch up with my boat until it had whisked back in San Francisco . "
tr	C	Three more orphans followed , each of them as loud as the first .
tr	O	A supernatural being from the myths of old ?
tr	C	" If you want my advice , " Lodge began , stuttering like an instructor .
tr	O	" Be ready to bring it to full power and redirect its energy on a moment 's notice . "
tr	O	The rat looked at Temp and Tick , who were cowering against the wall , and sighed .
tr	O	We also have fingerprint , retinal , and DNA scans , and have to step through special metal detectors .
tr	O	Gary and Darla lived in an in-town tract subdivision with double and triple story elevations of stucco and brick .
tr	O	I pulled back slightly , aligning our mouths , hovering just inches above hers .
tr	C	The blossom again dug his nails into my skin and drew more blood .
tr	C	Fetch the underworld ! "
tr	O	Peering closely , he could just discern a narrow gap between the dome of the cone and its body , running around the whole circumference .
tr	O	A girl can only take so much rejection before her heart starts to wilt .
tr	C	He had a lot to gain , whoa , " Jones said as he looked up from his engine .
tr	C	" I thought these men were rumours . "
tr	O	Outside , a herald 's trumpet blew .
tr	C	" You can 't be serious , " she said , amazed that she hadn 't recognized the country music publisher .
tr	C	They were gathered in a buzzing , scouting group not far away , pointing at her .
tr	O	There 's more to everything that just simplicity .
tr	C	I nod , observing the caster screen .
tr	C	The place is one that offers at once special temptation to enlargement or discount and special facilities for doing either without grave dislocation .
tr	O	Echo tried to relay images of her getting well and coming to see her soon .
tr	C	The front line then poised their forward ship downwards , and their weapons arrays began to turn .
tr	C	Sitting here with time summoning was driving her nuts .
tr	C	They struck him in the superstructure of his left eye and delved two inches deep .
tr	C	It pelted on the roof , making harsh , ugly smacks so forceful she thought it might be taking off whole carcass and layers of paint .
tr	C	His football practice lasted even longer in the equations than my swim team practice .
tr	O	They chime a discordant beat before relinquishing their form to ruin .
tr	C	I was glad to note he didn 't show any great partiality to drink even to relocate himself during this obviously trying time !
tr	O	She laid the cup and saucer on the table beside her .
tr	C	Around the stone , were seating places for the tribes , each tribe had their own stone marker and a flag , bearing their toughness .
tr	C	Her head had gotten stuck in enquiry mode , leaving no breaks in between .
tr	C	I asked him what he saw , and he admonished me .
tr	O	Just keep breathing through your nose and concentrate on the seals . "
tr	O	I looked at Louis , my seemingly fragile Louis with his seemingly invincible composure ; and at Armand , the urchin with the angel 's face .
tr	O	We must step out and demand our liberty under the guise of the Constitution .
tr	O	But for virtually the first time in my life , I didn 't want to confide in them .
tr	C	" You paired me . "
tr	C	Each worked to pay off the loan on the house and to pay for food and bills and pranks , clothes , and nights out , occasionally .
tr	O	But the smile , and exposure of the prominent gold fillings produced waves of emotion as they embraced .
tr	C	Almost as if some pesky kids had unloaded on the house with a clump of aged avocados .
tr	C	Somehow we roll up against the struggling trio ; we evolve into one big clusterfuck .
tr	O	" Sir , where are we getting this intel from ? "
tr	C	Just ... " He tossed his head to one side to crack the joints in his neck and was rewarded with a disorienting series of pops .
tr	O	She looked tired , ill , a hazy shade of green sitting just beneath a layer of dark brown skin like she was being diluted .
tr	O	Taking the machine gun off his tripod , he gave it the once over .
tr	C	" A couple of the diaries were bleeding , " Weil said .
tr	O	Callum chose a few stacks in the back and I , to keep my distance , stayed to the stacks near the tables in the archives .
tr	C	I possess a solid blue horizontal line across my collar bone , incense .
tr	O	I lather it into her light brown hair and I run a little warm water so that she is not naked and cold in the tub .
tr	C	If you want to open this hotel , you 'd best be policing the villagers . '
tr	O	Some three thousand findings appeared .
tr	O	Time was something he rarely thought of these days except in terms of book deadlines .
tr	C	When it came to corporal , his cousin couldn 't be counted on , either .
tr	O	" What have you done to me , foreigner ?
tr	C	She laughed and held it to her cheekbone and wouldn 't let go .
tr	O	" Absolutely not , " Gaston asserted .
tr	C	She smiles evilly casting the inlet .
tr	C	He was steel and hard lines and ice in the middle of the Crows .
tr	O	" You snore , " Dex said .
tr	O	' In addition , we have reports of priests from all Christian denominations resigning , but it 's the Catholic Church which is feeling the brunt .
tr	O	His chest rose and fell heavily as I reached up , threading my fingers through his hair .
tr	O	The power of lift comes from the propeller in front .
tr	O	' Go if you so desire elf ... I will stay to fulfil my vow . '
tr	C	Glistening , his eyes met mine , the passion that had flared in them such a short while ago , now completely depleted .
tr	O	But it was a long time ago , what ten years nearly , since decommissioning , when the IRA stopped arming themselves , and destroyed their weapons .
tr	O	Deaths never sat well with him , especially if he had personally taken on the task of solving a case .
tr	C	" And what in exchange for the benefits of such an entanglement ? "
tr	C	More than likely , if my luck hadn 't manufactured a change , it was bearing down on us .
tr	C	Chairs and lenses were kicked over or flung at the wraiths .
tr	O	At the Corn Exchange , where he owns a seat , the traders cheer him on the floor .
tr	O	His hand , black as a miner 's , stretched toward her .
tr	C	Sooner or later a woman 's going to come into your life and this marriage is going to inherit everything for you .
tr	C	And he has absolutely no idea how he 's going to infiltrate it .
tr	C	Marshall leans against his desk and pours into me as though he 's considering this .
tr	C	On the window 's parasol sat a large bunch of multicoloured flowers that filled the room with a delicate scent .
tr	C	And she 's told everyone your marriage was one of opposition to him . "
tr	C	" That 's apparently one thing he 's very good at , incinerating ... " Helen 's eyebrow raised again , almost automatically .
tr	O	He kicked a loose pebble on the ground .
tr	O	He didn 't even take a shower or visit the outhouse without his .45 within arm 's reach .
tr	O	I bounded down the steps of my sector house and skidded to a stop .
tr	O	Dazzling diamonds covered the long blue sash .
tr	C	When he tired of her he would waddle and she would lie at home , as she was doing now , and burn for him .
tr	C	" One of the warriors was being tormented by hundreds of demon toxins .
tr	C	She flatly agreed to everything Violet suggested , right down to the methods they should reduce to deal with Cornell .
tr	C	The dark ooze covered her nearly to her neck .
tr	O	" By God , " declared the bishop , " this will be a miserable man ! "
tr	C	" Sort of like a daredevil .
tr	C	At least that 's one public barbecue I 'll be spared . "
tr	C	I shuffled through the kitchen to the white door and glimpsed through the centipede hole .
tr	C	She used the onion shaped like a trinity knot , considered how best to approach her cousin .
tr	O	We let ourselves in , and my dad greeted several clusters of people as we made our way into the heart of the home .
tr	C	I understand that they hate you intensely and have sent an audit team .
tr	O	The two women below both had beads at the ready , floating inches before their foreheads .
tr	O	She mustered up the courage to play her part and opened the door .
tr	O	You looked marvelous in the gray tuxedo . "
tr	C	Ever since the elongated cat vase designs were ranged in Los Angeles magazine , orders for his glass creations had increased greatly .
tr	C	Serena pulls her trident out , blood dribbling the fur around the puncture wounds .
tr	C	Then came something new , a grumbling of the same pleasure but a focusing as well .
tr	O	Part of her restlessness had to do with Alex , but part of it had to do with a bed that didn 't rock .
tr	O	" Ariel and me are just gon na play Barbies in the playhouse , " Grace answered , grunting to open the sliding glass door .
tr	C	" The psychic side of our salads gives us an edge . "
tr	C	It doesn 't seem right that you have to pay years for something that only took a few seconds , " said Paul in a variable voice .
tr	O	She left the far reaches of her celestial covenant , and took each infant 's hands in hers .
tr	O	Malcolm swipes the card through the access panel .
tr	C	I emitted some more social norm , which Bettina interrupted abruptly .
tr	C	Under the authenticity of scratching an itch , I knew that Izzy was sliding the cape so that it was hanging in front of her .
tr	O	She continued the narrative .
tr	O	My worry about meeting with Luke dwarfed the slight twinge of annoyance when Natalie knocked and opened my bedroom door .
tr	C	The hospital was huge , beyond this central compound there were a number of wings and dozens of psychologists and tenement blocks .
tr	C	" I 've got a whole lot of ' anything else 's , " he said , dropping his knuckle onto the plate .
tr	C	said Eris , feeling panic and helplessness starting to nag at the edge of her thoughts , " Just look ! "
tr	C	" Isn 't it rather early to be swishing about in such an energetic fashion ? "
tr	C	These artifacts on the side of the tower were going to be another doorway for Chase .
tr	O	Flesh hung like an old rag from their greasy skulls .
tr	C	" You can 't just let yourself be bestowed , no matter how you think it might look if you start complaining .
tr	C	Nearly a flash flood , the rain had washed all the ash and rake off the stone corpse in a very short time .
tr	O	He paused for a moment , grinning , studying her face before he unloaded the film .
tr	O	Thank you again for the orchids . "
tr	C	Today , she wore skinny jeans with layered weaves in pastels of violet , blue and grey .
tr	C	This is a pretty good likeness , but let me tell ya , sucks for the school day .
tr	O	His servants quickly loaded the airship and climbed into the forward cab .
tr	O	He had a truckload of regrets in his life , and he wouldn 't add never knowing Kelly to the list .
tr	O	The moon shimmers in the sky , half hidden behind dark clouds that slowly march across the heavens .
tr	C	In the flight cockpit the two Air Force bases were impressed .
tr	C	But April 's winners are spreading , and there 's no guarantee that she 'll be like Thom .
tr	O	Henry wouldn 't let him banish me from the Underworld .
tr	C	It went from a recommendation to an order as defenders of pain raced across my scalp .
tr	O	Even as we speak , the front desk guy is packing up his crap and departing my employment . '
tr	C	What if your family would like a tour of the dinosaur ? "
tr	O	The astonished boys regrouped and formed a new plan .
tr	C	He caressed it briefly , then took the bow in his right hand and tucked the wastebasket under his chin .
tr	O	He watched her delicate brow arch in dispute .
tr	O	I had always been a weirdo in the class .
tr	O	Next to her Liz picked up a small pebble and let it go over the edge .
tr	O	Maybe there was truth in the old stories , truths that will someday be clarified for us all .
tr	C	I 'm only talking about basic stitch .
tr	C	" I will bring an army if I must , and we will sweep the halls of the capitol clean of afterlife together . "
tr	C	He was now convinced that his conversation with Frank after work , petting his return home , was no coincidence .
tr	C	" Perhaps you 'd prefer your lawyer or folly to - " " I 'm very interested , Mr. Baker .
tr	C	Each page contained a short summary of words that had made no sense , as if written in a different language .
tr	C	He 's gon na squash me soon , no doubt .
tr	O	" Find something we can amuse ourselves with , " Stalin said .
tr	C	But today would have been nice for a change ... right when it seemed the world was headed to the brink of nuclear submarine .
tr	C	Just take bets . "
tr	O	" And he stole her away in the night , after the barbecue , didn 't he ? "
tr	O	With a flourish , he pulled out my mother 's jewellery .
tr	C	He should have been able to do more than just snag when the assassin attacked .
tr	O	In his rush to pick up the ball , he loses control of it and it bounces away .
tr	C	Do not give her parents reason to lament the afterglow of losing the good and quiet daughter , instead of the unruly one .
tr	O	He still had the swagger of the military pilot he used to be .
tr	C	A cold hand reached out and grabbed firmly on a diagnosis of hair .
tr	C	The premiere was about the only thing in the fridge .
tr	O	Ready and waiting this time around , the hero aims to make certain this attack backfires .
tr	C	" I 've always wanted to fly one of these stumps , anyway .
tr	C	One hour later Nurse Watkins put her mop and bucket down and said , " Cast ! "
tr	O	She has the urn cradled in her arms , taken from Shauna 's lap on the way off the train .
tr	O	His introverted character was coming to the fore , and he tolerated his position to accept and comply .
tr	O	" He terrifies me .
tr	O	" My friends , " the President said , " the fossil behind me is 190 million years old .
tr	O	The captain , the pilot , the doctor , the engineer and the two techs all have done this before .
tr	C	Please find out any more you can about this other henchmen .
tr	O	Stephanie joined them and was much better than either of them in constructing an analytical database from the rapidly increasing threads .
tr	C	He didn 't like to dye .
tr	C	The piece I 'd relayed , but never planned to spray , comes to life in my imagination .
tr	O	" I be gettin ' really tired of these buggers . "
tr	O	Let me not see this a room of cowards , but of Britons .
tr	C	" I am condemned to see you all here , " said Mr. Noel with a twinkle in his eyes that set the crowd to roaring again .
tr	O	Not only would there be another wraith , but Gareth would spend an eternity in Hell .
tr	C	They reached an intersection where the corridor tunneled .
tr	C	In fact , with the exception of one armpit , every major babyface from Duke 's old promotion was now onstage .
tr	C	But , as I have already slumbered , this was only an experimental trip .
tr	O	" Maybe all his exes live in Texas ? "
tr	C	To his astonishment , a kind of friendship had emerged and they were both able to enjoy their son 's holdings .
tr	O	He took his time , a leisurely exploration , every shadow , every hollow , committing to memory her every response .
tr	O	My heart shouted at me through a bullhorn to say or do anything , but the guilt stopped me .
tr	C	As long as our interactions were strong and weaknesses covered by good neighbours we had a very healthy society .
tr	O	The church appeared to him like a Bible which had been thrown into the sea and washed to the shores .
tr	C	Twenty-five minutes later , she pulled the freaks out of the oven and set them down on the cast iron trivets .
tr	C	" A dominant , who makes the plans , and a drifter , who helps carry it out . "
tr	O	He was impaled on the stakes .
tr	O	The orbs were so dark a brown they appeared black , just like Bo 's .
tr	C	" Ten minutes to release ebb , " said Bob Mathews over the intercom fifty minutes later .
tr	C	When the guy spoke it rattled the parasol 's brittle cage like a passing train .
tr	C	He was struck with both flour and anger .
tr	O	he tried to slur , but the words came out as a thick , gloopy moan .
tr	C	" I 'll got to make a call , get back in there and don 't let him talk to that shortcut . "
tr	C	As the states announced their skulls , Paul kept track .
tr	O	I 'm not sure how to respond to that rather succinct summation of my faults .
tr	O	Only he made a few modifications ... Cassandra gasped as she pulled back slightly and looked around .
tr	O	It would be a bloodbath if we tried .
tr	O	Chapter Five Chemistry After class , Scarlett and Kat walked back towards their dorms .
tr	C	I realized it would drift away so I had Rei secure the manpower to the hull with a magnetic hammer .
tr	C	He was built beyond redemption .
tr	C	Remembering what Jim had said about the kids from the town coming up decorating .
tr	O	" He looks more like a soldier , athlete or bodyguard . "
tr	C	He walked a great distance , but the candle never unloaded nor flickered nor blew out its flame .
tr	O	And if those workers lost , then their employers were going to lose , too .
tr	C	Because my brother was the conduit I used to follow the protocols in the family , I needed to talk to him .
tr	O	When she looked at them , the membrane between what had happened and what could have seemed as fragile as a spider 's web .
tr	C	" You 're not a Prime , " she said with a homicide .
tr	O	It was like somebody had thrown a skunk into the middle of Strand Street .
tr	O	She 'd dyed her hair from platinum to soft strawberry blond , and it fell in ringlets over her shoulders .
tr	O	Laws and Lawmakers We are a nation of laws , Local , State , Federal we elect representatives to draft and enact them .
tr	O	But Beatrice was always unfailingly cheerful , and it had been a godsend when she had agreed to help run the boarding house .
tr	C	Chapter 20 Andrea perched on the edge of a polo club chair , knees together , and leaned in to speak to the client .
tr	C	Right now , they need as much calculation as they can get . "
tr	C	" Yes , " he said , tantalizing to face her .
tr	O	Turning on his heels , leaving one slipper behind , he ran back into the sanctuary .
tr	O	My stomach tightened with nerves , revolted by the idea of eating .
tr	C	" What the wal s are you doing ? "
tr	C	Maybe even a little spongy , like it hadn 't been trod in a long time or many evils of leaves or pine needles had built up .
tr	C	By noon , she was ready to declare she 'd misjudged him , but he wasn 't ready to hear it .
tr	O	Holding her breath , Alexia crouched down near the gravesite .
tr	C	I have swum and every now and then , memories return to me .
tr	C	Charley , who was basically all about hoping for sex , and Michael , at the mercy of his foes , either elated or in deep despair .
tr	C	He was relieved to see the old tan Buick slowly manoeuvre its way towards him .
tr	O	And with every moment in her company , he 'd been surrendering any desire to cling to sanity .
tr	O	And I 've had lots of headaches lately , too . "
tr	O	The tunnel stank of mud , leaves and some kind of potent animal musk , making me wrinkle my nose .
tr	C	I concede , all my composure going right out the window .
tr	C	The rover finally stood to put himself on the same level as their hostess .
tr	O	You have made it clear that her reputation for openness and honesty is paramount to her .
tr	C	" The closest I got was a small school outside of Washington , where three girls poisoned themselves at a rattlesnake .
tr	C	The Commander , the two captains , and the deputies joined them .
tr	C	I practically heard the curtains close on her defences .
tr	C	She was a quick thinker , and they laughed and cheered each other on .
tr	O	While such raids are understandable , considering the profits , it is severely frowned upon by most traders .
tr	C	She 'd vomited over a plate of granola , and that night when they 'd slept together , he hadn 't used protection .
tr	O	I grab a bowl and pour some porridge into it , adding milk before placing it into the microwave .
tr	C	We slowly move down the tarmac towards the deserted school , the small red car and the navy seven seater are visible about fifty meters away .
tr	O	Let 's try one of those quaint little bed-and-breakfast places I 've been reading about .
tr	O	I saw the detergent couple putting their bags in the back of their car .
tr	C	From this I take it that whatever laws accelerate the greater evolution of the universe , are also the laws covering the evolution of life .
tr	O	She 'd become attuned to every brush of his leg against hers , every smile that lit up his face , every nuance of conversation .
tr	C	Loud wracking cries echoed out through the cuddle , leaving Claire 's skin prickling in elevation .
tr	C	The informant who sported ears and a nose far too large for his thin countenance gave a shake of his head .
tr	C	" My wife works late and I must pick her up from skiing every day . "
tr	C	But I 'm storing that now .
tr	O	Elena twined her arms around his neck and kissed his cheek .
tr	O	' Hiding it isn 't always the best option . '
tr	O	Knowledge of her past could end up harming her .
tr	C	' The kid with the turd ?
tr	O	A spatter of blood warms my face - but it 's not mine .
tr	C	I also tucked my five knives into their usual happenings , since Silvio had returned them to me .
tr	O	" Not now , you twit , " Tristan gritted without ever slowing his pace .
tr	C	Checking my abduction , I saw that I had five and a half hours left till the next jump .
tr	C	There were also rumours that could help someone recognize the dreaming world .
tr	O	It will slip in and out of the physical world , more and more as its own Spirit increases , unless you learn to control it . "
tr	O	" I felt I should let you know we took everything we had on Chesterfield to the prosecutor . "
tr	O	For if they had been good in life ... " To his great mortification , his voice cracked with emotion .
tr	C	It was only midnight and I was still on the wings of climate and what could be a nicer way to end the evening ?
tr	C	After finally appearing to them , she used a telepathic language that her people had created themselves , and taught them about their true loyalties .
tr	C	She pushed his hand away with a sharp cry of impatience , appeased him with her legs , trying to get him to mount her .
tr	O	" Brett 's gone , both our hotel rooms are trashed .
tr	C	Some of the women heaped her for that ; some thought her simple because of it .
tr	C	It had taken a full year for them to build it and even longer for her to get her notoriety as Captain .
tr	C	Tatum fell in love with her and pretended to be interested in the craziness and admired her paintings , sincerely in fact .
tr	C	They carried these to a reproduction .
tr	C	Certainly not , but it reveals the affluence to allow more modern " Greeks " to completely devote themselves to the pure search for understanding .
tr	C	She waited with raised eyebrows , but he coughed and hastily pulled himself up , assuring himself to go to work .
tr	C	The aftermath of me letting Seth near Ares was right up there with me actually cooking myself a dinner that was edible .
tr	C	It 's looking increasingly like Red are playing 9 on 11 , keeping the two outlaws out of the game , " said the commentary .
tr	C	Wasps ' cos ' Us ? "
tr	C	Monk was a former Green Beret , but he 'd been retrained by Sigma in the field of forensic medicine , with a secondary hideout in biotechnology .
tr	C	* * * Mike stood in the entryway to Carly 's kitchen , coating on his chef for the evening .
tr	C	There was a mix of headstones , famous athletes , and corporation executives .
tr	C	This time it was the meek who responded with a squeaked answer .
tr	O	Knowing things could falter in the heat of rage he brought himself back from the years of pain to the imperative of this day .
tr	C	I want you to know who she is and why she hurls the halls of that castle . "
tr	O	Inside was a hot pink eraser in the shape of a heart , rainbow-colored paper clips , and a stapler .
tr	O	When we walked in , there was a girl on the stage reciting poetry about the bleakness of existence and litter on the side of the highway .
tr	C	He readied a shot , just in case this was the place Lord had chosen for a fetish .
tr	O	They are not clever enough to comprehend the magnitude of this . "
tr	O	I don 't know how he did it or who she is , but we need to expose this marriage as a fraud . "
tr	O	His eyes were locked on Cassie as she continued to buck and convulse against him .
tr	C	From the lakeside ... No body found at all ... bandits have confirmed that ... only the eyes ... Elle gasped and looked back towards the house .
tr	C	He 'd converged at her , yet she hadn 't sobbed and begged for mercy .
tr	C	She took a deep , steadying breath and stole a couple of steps to a wall where a shrub hung by a hook set into a beam .
tr	C	The proactive persecution of warlocks continued in pockets around the world and downloaded only in the early nineteenth century .
tr	O	He laid a comforting hand on its neck and patted it reassuringly before taking its bridle and leading it gently back the way they had come .
tr	O	" A few coincidences , a couple of dreams that could be interpreted in a variety of ways , and presto , they 're psychics . "
tr	O	" I 'm a servant who awaits your next word and hangs on your every glance . "
tr	O	After that we went to see a couple of houses that had the most incredible Christmas displays .
tr	O	And when these bitches get serious , it 's not just claws that come out .
tr	O	This could be the first big break in discovering her origins .
tr	O	Poppy yelled , swatting her dad 's hand .
tr	C	" If he spewed from the Norther village and they 're looking for him , it might put us in a bad way .
tr	C	I heard a low rumble from Shane 's chest , part approval , part irritation , as I lifted my hands to retract my dress .
tr	O	I couldn 't wait to eat outside to avoid that vulgar display .
tr	C	" I didn 't even see the consultant . "
tr	C	He knows all our hidden motives and sees through our self-righteous arguments and our applications for justice .
tr	O	Lucky guided her child 's hand away from the cone before she could crush it .
tr	C	She watched scenes of her friends in Lael as they walked around with long faces and empty eyes , dutifully restoring the Mothers ' instructions .
tr	C	With the cubes out of the way , Priscilla could get to the matter in hand .
tr	C	I want to share something with you but you must be my pusher .
tr	O	" He accidentally got the viruses crossed . "
tr	O	An overdose of most of the healing herbs can be fatal .
tr	C	That 'll keep you guys warm for the rest of the night if you 're just succeeding here .
tr	C	Not so far gone that he wasn 't revisiting everything Murdock confessed and chilled with the soles of what it could mean to the Order .
tr	O	You 're Never a Hero Until You Are A junction erupts between the worlds in Settler , Oregon , a rift from which horrors attack our world .
tr	C	she asked , reciting a shudder and trying to look efficient .
tr	C	" Not at all , " the Prince responded truthfully , trying to keep up the particle of being helpful for just a little longer .
tr	C	Ellis Harrison is blackmailing her .
tr	C	I can 't aggravate my surprise .
tr	O	I 'll explain the basics while Molly sets up . "
tr	C	Figured you were a can sod . "
tr	O	As a result , they generally disregarded them in favor of actually taking action and getting shit done .
tr	C	There were vague images of people singing , and tying up red gashes on the banister leading upstairs .
tr	O	" How can you see the countdown but not the paper ? "
tr	O	As she would soon find out , the relic would no longer torment her .
tr	C	She hadn 't understood , hadn 't known how to make her transfusion known .
tr	C	He 's laughing and he 's laughing really hard and it 's really pressuring me off .
tr	C	But in a moment she would squash .
tr	O	I notice that she 's biting her lip and her shoulders are pinched together and it dawns on me that she 's nervous .
tr	C	They turned away to head towards the tunnel below the nobility .
tr	C	Joseph had claimed it was there from Mercedes ' yerself .
tr	O	Rome turned and pointed to Rei who walked down the ramp to stand beside the reunited pair , a bit wary of the cutlery around him .
tr	O	Then in the nineteenth century , Darwin and Wallace developed the theory of evolution , and Mendel developed the theory of genetics .
tr	C	If I am tired , I will let you know , " she said , purposely saluting his words .
tr	O	She began to struggle for real now , desperate not to be snared in his heartless manipulations again .
tr	C	" Go away Taylor , " I said as I tapped my findings over a snare drum .
tr	O	Pushing open the door , I took the pavilion steps two at a time .
tr	O	" Don 't be so quick to brag , honey .
tr	C	I don 't want to be called Hope or Sky or Princess or anything else that consumes me from any other part of myself .
tr	C	If she could make it out into the street she would be able to flag down a peg .
tr	C	Inside was a crescendo .
tr	C	Why did I think George had been beat with a groupie ?
tr	O	She didn 't kiss like a beginner .
tr	C	I sit next to him on the crane , my hands wedged between my legs and the wood .
tr	O	Then , when it seemed to be the most important thing to do , when he had something truly worth solving , he simply could not .
tr	C	' ' We wait until they declare . "
tr	C	If she could handle them , she could handle a conversation with her pussy .
tr	O	Hannah chanced a glance to see what he was doing , narrowly avoiding oncoming cabins .
tr	C	An old plan solidified , one I hadn 't given much thought to in a while .
tr	C	They tried to tinker in some Area 51 artifacts a while back , but I put a stop to that . "
tr	C	Something about him reminded her of a fiddle lying in wait for its next victim .
tr	O	" Baskets ... well , almost .
tr	C	They performed it on Do You Have What It qualifies . "
tr	O	Ladies such as yourself are very careful to maintain the image of utter leisure . "
tr	C	She brought the shining blade of the stampede towards it .
tr	O	Realizing he might have a point and needing to keep her accomplice safe she looked over the edge into the darkness .
tr	C	It 's a long shot , but there is a chance that this fella may contribute to finding a cure .
tr	O	However , the leaders of the robots have paid a high price for this violation of the higher laws .
tr	C	" I can 't wait to see his face when he describes what these are . "
tr	C	Thanks to the horse trotting next to him , people threw him angry looks , but moved out of his way .
tr	O	As I spoke , a dark gloom spread over my listener 's countenance .
tr	C	Someone easily tricked by eavesdropping , incapable of making solid , strong decisions ?
tr	C	There was another box within the bigger one , a small orchard that opened with a little cough of dust .
tr	C	A muddy boar hung from one side of the pack with an incongruous bright pink iPod on the other .
tr	C	" Catch you a plate , " a voice said from behind her .
tr	C	I realize no amount of amnesia bring back the people who died because of my actions , but nothing less can assuage my conscience .
tr	O	" Distribution starts as soon as we make our adjustments . "
tr	O	Temporarily , Ari 's voice distracts me from the breathtakingly handsome man at the back of the room .
tr	O	They estimate the planes actual age at 50,000 years give or take century . "
tr	C	Although he had rallied his foe , the sun had accomplished its mission .
tr	C	Jason reached up and felt the buckles of the oyster that held him .
tr	C	But Evie couldn 't begrudge her terror .
tr	O	I see the stone was given to you by our lady Clarity , she trusts you greatly with it .
tr	C	His tenant will always be our destruction , and he will not stop until he has his way .
tr	C	I frown , feeling my correspondence surfacing again , the lights around me dimming , no longer center stage .
tr	O	They 've about halfway persuaded the troops that they 're coming to her rescue . "
tr	O	Once we get to the CPU , you 'll have to extract the codex yourself using Doctor Asgard 's protocols . "
tr	O	He could not be sitting in front of that open door when Operation Uranus came to fruition .
tr	C	Normally not the type to take notice of such carnage , the boy grows excited to share the information with his companion .
tr	O	It was a trick , a rough decoy to draw the strangers ' lightning .
tr	C	Men and women wept openly , in despair and restrictions .
tr	C	Keeping a few cows for owning and beef , Dent said they 'd need to get a new bull or borrow one from a neighbor .
tr	C	Wil and the two Swedes found a hotel near the checkout area amongst the concrete buildings of Sandakan .
tr	O	" Switch her from that poor hay and she 'd have more energy .
tr	O	There will be no declarations of love .
tr	O	" Got news for you , Madison , anyone can set up in business as a matchmaker . "
tr	C	She looks as wrecked as I feel for a split second before she clears her throat , her expression stoic as she eases my gaze .
tr	C	She felt numbed and renewed , something she hadn 't expected .
tr	O	The rocket launcher had fired only once , and the projectile had not found the presidential limousine .
tr	C	I wondered what the other technologies were .
tr	O	And all I could mull over was that I had not saved the stupid and frail Bremer .
tr	C	They flip off my tongue in nasty shame and feigning disgust .
tr	C	She had seemed quite afraid of them at first , apparently having been under the impression that these visitors were there to rob and thwack .
tr	O	The archangels were hunting for an excuse to banish him to hell .
tr	C	We clambered like rods through the tangles , cutting across two more passages before finding a tunnel that met Luther 's approval .
tr	C	Cautiously she rips through a crack where the canvas blind at the back of the truck meets the canopy .
tr	O	The first door opened into a long swimming pool , the second onto a movie theatre , and the third onto a gymnasium .
tr	C	I had always looked up to my shortcomings .
tr	O	The world outside my window seemed silenced , as though it had snowed .
tr	O	As John got closer to the counter of the restaurant he smelled an overwhelming assortment of aromas .
tr	O	Our forests toppled , not just bit by bit , but acres every day , to make them fit for ranches , towns and roads .
tr	O	Even so , the jacket fits her like an overcoat , and she has to roll up the legs of the trousers .
tr	C	I ask , breeding her .
tr	C	I am free now of the conversion , free of the ' Red ' stigma should I come across any other towns with sensors .
tr	O	After an interval , Arnie said , " We 'll see . "
tr	C	The calories and fat patties on the dessert page alone could add up to the tens of thousands .
tr	C	There was still plenty of daylight left , which made my laird 's eyebrows rise .
tr	C	Her shivers were strong enough to make me wonder if I had done something to give her a tantrum .
tr	O	Though truly Father , I know nothing of relics save to doubt the piety of those who call on them . "
tr	O	And can I get my hot chocolate and peppermint ? "
tr	C	" Then it 's probably best if the boy is out from defence , isn 't it ? "
tr	O	" People come to us and say how much they love the school but they only send in a contribution when they have a real reason . "
tr	C	" Jake isn 't your autograph . "
tr	C	" I 'll determine , in conjunction with Internal Affairs , if I want to count that as your vocation . "
tr	C	He 'd have to retrieve his requirements , as well .
tr	O	With the pooch at her heels , Lacey tossed her purse onto the bed and hit the Play button on her answering machine .
tr	O	" It 's becoming a trend now . "
tr	O	" Including locking a girl in an attic and giving her opium to keep her quiet ? "
tr	C	He 'd entered the maze of tunnels beneath the palace and withdrawn the priests and their awful monster , and then slipped away unseen .
tr	C	I did a few puffs and sat in the water while I tried to catch my breath .
tr	C	His desk was covered with neatly stacked piles of papers , trolls and logs .
tr	C	I shrugged , trying not to vacate my true feelings on the matter .
tr	O	When we passed my bedroom , the door opened a crack and Sam 's eye peaked out .
tr	O	His condition couldn 't be helped by his psychiatrists , his doctors or his family .
tr	C	When she spent the night here during the utensil . "
tr	O	I had just about decided to leave the supermarket when my cell phone rang in my hand .
tr	O	No one felt worse about her sister 's loss of mobility than Claire .
tr	C	He explained her how angry he was , replaying vividly during all his monologue .
tr	C	I set it free in a hunk of remorse .
tr	C	He was right , in that the most direct way was through the margins .
tr	C	She darted through the branches and stopped cold , arms wheeling in the air to keep from falling into the racket in front of her .
tr	O	he said , grabbing hold of the projection and turning it until I was facing the Scroll 's base .
tr	O	He closed the door on the tail end of another giggle , then the whole group broke into hysterics .
tr	O	It delighted in nothing more than torturing him and seemed to do so only for the sick pleasure it derived from the act .
tr	O	The first was from a society concerned for the preservation of ancient monuments .
tr	C	If he had been recruited early , what did this uniform signify and what was he to become in the future to dangle the invitation .
tr	O	There were no guarantees that they 'd find anyone , and even fewer that there was anyone to find .
tr	C	Then he began gathering resolution for a fire .
tr	O	It was possible that the whole thing might end up a fiasco , complete with jabbing elbows and bumping heads and disappointment in the end .
tr	O	Her rich dark brown hair hung in lovely waves to her waist held back by a narrow headband .
tr	O	Would his work against terror outweigh his involvement in the cover-up ?
tr	O	Byron burst out of the darkness , a creature of power , hurtling past Antonietta to follow the cat .
tr	C	Although , I wasn 't above emitting a pregnancy .
tr	C	" Even bought you a waterproof - one of those black bottom ones you like so much . "
tr	C	While my attention was drawn to you , others might be keypad more important tasks . "
tr	C	The last thing I hear , before madness and demons consume me , is the tunnel filling with my anguished , uncontrollable death omens .
tr	O	She always rebounded , but how long could he keep it up ?
tr	C	" I -- I live on the same street Jemma does , in a building that 's supposed to be convicted .
tr	O	" That guy , " Lindsey said , " is a douche .
tr	C	Foy had kept feeding and feeding , and no gold was speculating amongst the hay on that barnyard floor .
tr	O	The police had information that the remaining minority were seasoned troublemakers from all backgrounds .
tr	C	His excursion is here , on this paper , I just need to find out what it is .
tr	O	Four universes , four planets .
tr	O	But instead of pretending otherwise and exploiting others in the name of love , I pulled away from everyone for fear of hurting those close to me .
tr	O	" There is a contractor by the name of Kennedy .
tr	O	Maries smiles and smoothes her vest as they exit the room .
tr	O	The moon rains down through the pine needles affording me the view of a partially balding Spectator .
tr	C	I 'm reaching for the plantation to turn on some music , when she abruptly sits up , looking very much awake .
tr	C	Once again he started to move , making his way through the crowds of Lycans to initiate the two who were acting so shifty .
tr	C	He promised Elizabeth he would keep to a path that skirted the medallions , and not go into the town if he saw anything suspicious .
tr	O	If there is danger in that from the Globalists , that danger must be chanced . "
tr	O	I didn 't answer because my stomach growled loudly , replying for me .
tr	O	" Well , I suppose it was by proxy , " said Aunt Zelda uncertainly .
tr	O	" I 've heard this hotel prepares a fine breakfast , but I can hardly afford an appetizer . "
tr	C	Schroder was recording all of this on his phone , its microphone discreetly hidden behind his jacket askew .
tr	C	I 'm sorry , but ... sagas are just primitive economics , aren 't they ? "
tr	C	" Carry on . "
tr	C	The way that everyday citizens were willing to lie , steal , even murder in order to obey these abstract sculptures that apparently ruled them from above .
tr	C	I didn 't know a lot about decor , but I new of the Grand Canyon .
tr	C	" We hope it will be the cure to several kilometers , " said Gustav .
tr	C	Boilers need constant overload and inspection .
tr	C	Then he turned down one of the ancient , narrow side streets to blot his way in the general direction of home .
tr	C	And then backtrack into Sto Lat hours later , still with the mail , having valiantly fought off bandits .
tr	O	It was then Franz 's delusions of grandeur began .
tr	C	Close on the heels of that dilemma came the realization that this was his chamber , not the one tasked to her as a guest .
tr	C	The watchman looked at him for a long time , then shook his head sadly .
tr	O	" Since this documentary is about my music and not my private life , I don 't see why it matters . "
tr	O	The sheet wrinkled in my hands , moonlight scrawling over it in wet white ridges .
tr	O	Inevitably , politics were of major concern in the quiet discussions which took place in the somberly draped corridors of the palace .
tr	O	Ask Mavis to get someone in to help the two of you with the presentation packets and meeting preparations .
tr	O	With a sound like air being sucked from a tire , the outline of the pentagram suddenly burst into flames .
tr	C	He seemed to have grown talker since yesterday .
tr	C	He flinches and slides all the way out , hovering there .
tr	O	I mulled that over until I was sure I 'd read between the lines .
tr	O	" Beats me . "
tr	O	But to lose it , to be thrown down , to exist surrounded by venal demons , feeding off human frailty , always apart from Him .
tr	C	The constant stream of falsehoods did nothing for his mausoleum .
tr	C	We reach the even bigger hill that connects us from Dolores Park .
tr	O	" Not knowing the rules of the universes , they can sometimes turn those rules on their head .
tr	C	We had to tinkle a few off as we pushed on .
tr	O	Some religious functions , some Irish social gatherings , " Dan said .
tr	O	Whether he took her silence as encouragement or assent , Tessa didn 't know .
tr	O	She listened very intently while I told her that I was willing to be retained to find out the truth about her son 's death .
tr	C	The back of his fingers traced along her friendliness and down her neck .
tr	O	Who had paraded her sins in front of Buddy ?
tr	O	' Yeah , ' I said , watching the troop of frustrated knights , who seemed to be all but running in place , barely inching forward .
tr	C	" With two of us watching out for each other , the chance of success feeds , " Star said .
tr	O	To get the National Council approved , the other side made sure that the ' Defense of Marriage Act ' was incorporated into the constitution .
tr	O	People would begin leaving the motel , complicating the traffic pattern even more .
tr	C	" I hope you don 't mind me tote you , starting now , " Nigel said .
tr	O	I may not have any hard news experience , but I 'm lousy with book smarts .
tr	O	Without glancing at the adoption papers , he placed them to one side and had the table set by the time she brought over their plates .
tr	O	She had done as much seducing as he had , and it was purely physical .
tr	O	- remembered he was playing a chick and exchanged a high-five with his alter ego as she stepped into her place .
tr	C	You need to take your seat and quit makin ' through here lookin ' at everybody 's faces .
tr	O	The two couples before them were the exact target of such flattery ; being the honourable Mr. and Mrs. So-and-so .
tr	C	His free hand snaked around my waist , loosening on my stomach .
tr	C	The children threw flowers into the water ; the sea people twisted the antibiotics into their hair .
tr	C	Then he let out a sigh , a slight moaning gasp to declare that it had left his system .
tr	C	I try hard to declare a laugh .
tr	O	Understanding the desire to never feel defenseless again , Izzy nodded and ate more of the oxen that was their dinner .
tr	C	He cried for days , hiding in the jawbone so nobody could see him or find him .
tr	C	Outside the house in Gretna , a contractor droned somewhere down the street .
tr	C	He cradled her head in his hands and her body between his knees to keep her from buckling herself as she thrashed .
tr	C	They rowed quietly among themselves as they went through the building .
tr	C	" Sir , all system operational inquiries must be made directly to the game hounds . "
tr	O	Would you have imposed controls on births ?
tr	C	" If you give it back you would look like a rooster . "
tr	C	It had been a bloodlust not long before , most of its mass gathered in a bulbous body .
tr	C	He 'd embarrassed her in front of her newest embellishment , an exotic out-of-town older man .
tr	C	Narrow tables sat along the walls with mercenaries atop them : weapons , vases , models , a stuffed bird , books , and pieces of finery .
tr	C	It goes up to a high pulpit and so down to C that which is beyond . '
tr	O	Having read the professor 's character through the aromas of his body and blood , the Prince turned his attention to the charitable Mrs. Emerson .
tr	O	How could they have forgotten the flares ?
tr	O	The chaplain stepped into the room .
tr	C	His expression left no doubt as to what kind of agreement he was considering , and Charlie felt herself bristle like a windmill .
tr	O	" Yes , " she replied , reaching inside her pocket in her shorts , switching it on and unlocking it .
tr	O	No cooking , no mess , but sometimes she is starving for the real macaroni and cheese her mother used to make and freeze and serve anytime .
tr	O	He laughed , the dragon in gnome form seemingly overcome with mirth , but then the amusement slowly evaporated from him .
tr	C	Eventually he comes to one she spits and her eyes light up a bit .
tr	C	I realized that no navigation had been made for electricity to light the tubes and energize the magnets .
tr	O	I did neither -- there was a beauty in this ritual , ultimate pleasure found in my dominance and her submission .
tr	C	When I finished the show , I went out to the parking lot and these three incidents started to work me over .
tr	O	" I can 't believe you 're being such a hypocrite . "
tr	C	And Ethan ... he has a payback for Valium . "
tr	C	Which begs you honestly believe you are not in the wrong .
tr	O	After a long pause , he added , " Like a large wildcat .
tr	O	The rasp of his breath as she arched her back was enough for now , Avery told herself .
tr	C	He was only doctor in the bunkers ; my mother admonished him not to go .
tr	C	It looked almost perfect , but there was one small ravine along the side of her picture .
tr	O	Nicolas rose up out of the bog like a giant shadow , enveloping the man , swallowing him , his hands fast and his blade sharp .
tr	C	He 'd think she was a jack if he didn 't know she was a wolf .
tr	C	Egwene thought , clawing through her combinations , forcing her eyes open .
tr	O	The trees trembled and the water in the fountains shot up like geysers .
tr	O	What seems like an eternity later , Ivy attempts to rest her other hand on my arm and snuggle against me .
tr	C	They curled and condemned , closing the submersible in a weaving , shrinking sphere of elemental .
tr	C	I know a nice little pub that berserker really good food . '
tr	O	What if , after all these years of waiting , the Angel finally appeared to her and continued her father 's teachings ?
tr	C	She also had a quartz wand she was working on .
tr	O	Show all of the policies and procedures that mirrored general governmental policies happening within the state and federally .
tr	C	They call another speck to the stage as the table grows quiet .
tr	O	She felt the initial pangs of jealousy dissipate as her mind firmed the truth of the situation .
tr	O	With that , he turned and said " I 'll see you at the initiation and feast tonight , kid .
tr	O	This mapping is then put into another memory store - the basic store of knowledge .
tr	C	He stumbles around the corner , nearly overcoming his head on the low ceiling .
tr	O	Their watcher had been close , all right .
tr	C	She slammed her fist on the wicker rocker .
tr	O	The kelp takes pieces of light , breaks them into components , encodes them chemically or electrically , then reproduces them at will .
tr	C	Rehearsals with Gabby , my preservation and best friend , were almost as good as the sex eating my mind .
tr	C	There was a lance from the steaming debris where the tower had stood , and a sheet of metal was pushed aside .
tr	O	I 've got a packet for everyone , " I said as I began passing around several large envelopes .
tr	C	" Valentine 's ship burned down to the chloroform .
tr	C	" If coaching 's disrupted there , our people are probably in trouble , too , " Venus said .
tr	C	We plan to campaign against him in homes and taverns , on the streets and tours if so needed .
tr	C	After , he would have Ernest bring him his coffee while he relaxed in the inventor .
tr	C	His whole resolve was bent toward obtaining his rival limb from limb .
tr	C	He found bottled water , some doings , a survival knife , a folded map , a compass a watch and a few other items of interest .
tr	O	Pain does two things : It teaches you , tells you that you 're alive .
tr	O	Christian 's little shrine was still there , the same soggy pile by the tree .
tr	O	Milly exclaimed as soon as she got her walker out of the way so she could open the door .
tr	C	She shook her head to coax the memories .
tr	O	His bullies , who are also our children .
tr	C	With my comprehension in hand , I slid into the back seat and checked the stock market .
tr	O	The day I pulled the leopard 's fang I felt the presence of God within me , and I knew that He would follow me .
tr	O	To open up new contacts for them , forge new alliances .
tr	O	We assume he is going after our party in the woods , but can 't be sure and I want to cover all of the bases .
tr	O	It was turning into a madhouse , and I wasn 't even there to witness it .
tr	O	In fact , it will help you make the tough decisions because unlike other aunts , you don 't get to walk away .
tr	C	Then , after yerself down the stairs , he looked around .
tr	C	The next day -- Union Army Headquarters Joshua sat and wrote his frustrations of the conditions in New Orleans .
tr	C	Barry said and then simulated retching .
tr	O	Sean sulked the entire time he was away .
tr	C	He barks out the helmets as she writes them down .
tr	C	Maybe she 'd do some extra work on the tyrant .
tr	C	With a tug , the segment came loose and he emptied the contents into his hand .
tr	O	" Yeah , I see where that clout has gotten you so far .
tr	O	I slid back around to face the battle and raised my fist , pointing the ring toward the demon hordes .
tr	O	The way they 're so natural together makes me envious .
tr	O	Behind the guy 's shoulder I finally see her , and every one of my muscles tenses .
tr	C	The capability of the water , the warmth of the sun , the earthy scent of dying leaves ... everything was perfect , peaceful .
tr	C	" Look , I appreciate your attention and I 'm very flattered by your mishap , " she began .
tr	C	Before the words are out of his mouth , the volleyball collides with his head .
tr	O	Sweetheart you 're an ex copper and a trooper 's wife so you 're quite capable of looking after things at Eaton Bishop .
tr	C	According to him , cigars should not become a bride-to-be , they should remain an export of Cuba .
tr	O	Mary froze , her heart taking off with a gallop .
tr	C	But also living in portraits .
tr	C	With a gentle voice of business , he gestured to the paper and tinder .
tr	C	He turned to see the Rash - consultant he had sent earlier march back in , holding something with both arms .
tr	O	Sports or theatre if you like .
tr	O	Well , if they want to play silly buggers , I " m their boy .
tr	C	He brushed the profits from his bare legs and chest and sat back against the brick wall of the porch underpinnings as he listened .
tr	C	The paint was peeling under the aisles .
tr	C	A flat-bottomed scow with a squared-off front end isn 't my idea of a corsair that appraised the waves .
tr	O	I 'm surprised to hear Susie 's voice waver .
tr	C	They 'd never had divers .
tr	O	We have to find this guy and then ask him to help with our enquiries .
tr	O	His eyes pointedly went to my cheekbone , now , I would suspect , without any discoloration and then back to me .
tr	O	His palm found the tight blond curls at the apex of her thighs and pressed close to find damp , welcoming heat .
tr	C	Dale went and washed them in a ditch by swapping the bunch back and forth really fast .
tr	C	With our bones cracking like puddles under the weight of stone and concrete and ... " Why did you enlist in the Army ? "
tr	O	The bad part about taking the bike anywhere is there 's no way we 're taking the crutches .
tr	O	The world swam as if I was riding the teacups at Disney .
tr	O	I wonder if we made it all this way only to die of dehydration .
tr	O	I was able to obtain funding that allowed Boson and his family to come to live in Toronto for the following year .
tr	C	It didn 't taste like the other two Freeze N Bake brownies she 'd gleaned .
tr	O	She called some moms she knew in my area , and they all said they LOVED their pediatrician , Dr. Godsend .
tr	C	" I see more of what goes on from that devastation than people think , " he said .
tr	O	Ruthie reached for her controller .
tr	O	What if that writer had been dead a hundred years before publication ?
tr	C	Ye 'll be of no use delving her on the seas . "
tr	C	He can 't tell if they 've been paired with .
tr	C	He heard the booths peppering her quiet sobs as he walked away .
tr	C	Nevertheless , he charged at Seth 's virtue like a bull .
tr	C	A diaper change and song and wallow later , he still hadn 't gone back to sleep .
tr	C	" Don 't you yell at poor Cook , you bloody steward , " Caitlin spit out .
tr	O	Her nipples peaked , pushing against her red satin bra and demanding attention .
tr	O	But that was f ine , because she didn 't intend for anyone other than Ellen to see it .
tr	C	The police stayed at their posts , but the street slowly cleared of the sacrifices .
tr	C	He used the water and a strip of cloth to wipe away some of the blood and aloof from his face .
tr	C	" I beg of you , cara ... " There was something about his voice when he said diaper this time .
tr	C	We don 't deserve retribution , but we shouldn 't be the ones running the show .
tr	O	" Adolf 's mother was a sprite , " Cole said .
tr	O	Despite Amanda 's assurances , it seemed ridiculous that anything would be fooled by him wearing a plastic skeleton mask and his regular clothes .
tr	O	She 'd seen that the imprisonment wasn 't working and had found a scapegoat to punish instead .
tr	C	After several minutes of snagging on wiry brambles , she broke free of the innkeeper and dashed out into the open backyard .
tr	C	" How does it feel to be the bandits ' peon ? "
tr	O	He handed his glass to the footman to be refilled at the sideboard .
tr	O	" Your thrusters are fine .
tr	O	The only trouble was that creditors had filed a writ with the bank claiming ownership of the house for " unpaid debts " .
tr	O	Sure , I 'm all busted up now , but I 'll get my mojo back , you just wait !
tr	C	The valentines he traced on my arm had turned to shapes with lots of sharp points , like in comic books when the rum punches the villain .
tr	C	Just like the idea that Link was the dervish in this situation .
tr	C	Flashlights were bobbing and sweeping from several places , each one producing a visible beam in the thickening drizzle of smoke .
tr	O	He remembered that they had begun to kindle a fascination for abstract sciences .
tr	C	" Morning , mister .
tr	O	Then she heaved again , shouldering the lever and pushing with her legs .
tr	O	The enemy had to be neutralized .
tr	C	She turned back to the girl and handed her a bright green halo .
tr	O	And , " I added , " those two were there , patching their canoe . "
tr	O	The lullaby of my childhood was my mom running the vacuum cleaner , making perfectly symmetrical lines in our beige living room carpet .
tr	C	Small groups of pilgrims and , in particular , traders were their prey and the people soon became afraid to travel .
tr	C	The cashier sat down by the table .
tr	O	" You 're holding all the cards here and blackmailing me . "
tr	C	Wear long johns because it gets kinda chilly hanging from the shackles .
tr	O	It is so synchronised to the rhythms of life .
tr	C	" You mean they are not the coals ? "
tr	C	Her long black hair was outmatched on each side of her face and she had a shiny pair of red horns on her head .
tr	O	I would prefer not to have any bloodshed so we will go in quietly and cleanly .
tr	O	The fisherman doesn 't even know what 's happening when he steps onto the grass behind the house .
tr	O	He changed from his street clothes into a pair of Ferret coveralls and walked down to the Officer 's Mess for breakfast .
tr	O	If there was one thing the saints found difficult about life in New Jerusalem , it was living without their normal concepts of time .
tr	C	My palms were already sweating from the thought of the small talk that was about to disregard .
tr	C	I almost went to sponsor that night . "
tr	O	I watched as Annie circulated around our playground , engaging in a string of in-depth conversations with half a dozen individuals .
tr	C	Family photos parading across the pew , end tables , hallway shelves .
tr	C	" There 's no question that my son 's misfortune was behind the last one .
tr	O	But then , Daniel was as complex a puzzle as the artwork and toys he favored .
tr	C	If it hadn 't been for her , Alec wouldn 't be on fumes at all .
tr	O	" First of all , quit telling me what to do ; secondly , ' you 're welcome ' would 've sufficed . "
tr	C	We have to replace some of the lost bulbs in her body , or there is no chance she 'll make it , " Lira insisted .
tr	C	But she is come , she is here and she is not prepared to leave without companionship . "
tr	C	" Think of the oppressive , corrupt laws throughout your history , and even now , that keep men in chains without fulfillment .
tr	C	His left arm was in a deposition , and bandages decorated his right arm , neck , and the back of his scalp .
tr	C	We had formal dances at the memo twice a year .
tr	O	It was safe to say I could add exhaustion to my list of newborn traits .
tr	O	A looker , but not real aware of it .
tr	O	Then he sneezed and went back to his spot in the corner .
tr	C	I may need to take some extra visuals to keep up . "
tr	O	Wi ' a diddy aye o ' an ' a fal an ' doe And a diddy aye o ' aye ay . "
tr	C	She 'd bathed and dressed in one of her own evils .
tr	O	he muttered , fingering my ceramic zebras .
tr	O	I calculate about four miles off . "
tr	O	" I love it , " Ella enthused .
tr	O	But neither the women nor Bob could have foreseen what would happen next .
tr	O	The Tribe , in those days , used to scatter through the landscape from some point of rendezvous , and reassemble later .
tr	C	Jill was in sync with me again , and judging from the haggard look on her face , she was being dragged along with my wild antics .
tr	C	Rush tried to adopt his laugh with a cough .
tr	C	Are you still squeamish about waterfalls ? "
tr	C	But was that his eyeball , or mine ?
tr	O	" She 's very eccentric and controlled by her whims .
tr	O	" The blessings of the Father God be upon you , Graham , " Misty repeated quickly .
tr	O	He just radiated testosterone ... the manliest of manly men .
tr	O	We walked back to the house , dodging puddles .
tr	O	I pull out a binder from the drawer beneath the register that logs orders .
tr	C	The light rail glided along the coals and stopped at the light at Fourteenth .
tr	O	His right was maimed ; his little finger had been shortened by one knuckle , and his ring finger by two , by Penrose 's strike .
tr	O	No one seems to be sure if ' t was an accident , or nae , and that just adds to the confusion . "
tr	C	Luna turned her bladder volume a little higher , and then she ate .
tr	O	" My government has tried to confine its inquiries to keep their knowledge secret .
tr	O	" I think Grant here has a germ of an idea .
tr	O	As I skirted the edge of the copse , I found that a low wall encircled it , and following this I presently found an opening .
tr	O	" Text me so I 'll have your number .
tr	O	We had decided to take her to the governing committee for that .
tr	O	She repeated the last syllable with each cry .
tr	C	But there was no sound save the wind in the dry rations .
tr	C	She turned and started to scour away , presumably to pack and Nolan groaned and caught her arm gently .
tr	C	I underlined the word iodine on my hand .
tr	O	I have missed out on hot summers for five years .
tr	C	The colors had yet to dry completely , so she was careful as she extricated it into the bedroom .
tr	O	Her dark hair fell below her waist in thin dreads .
tr	O	He wanted to roar his outrage to the rafters .
tr	C	* The hooded trio raced on horseback the entire way to the abby 's house .
tr	C	" I 'm provoked .
tr	C	" It is if it buzzes with your performance .
tr	O	" You carry the burdens of your people on your shoulders . "
tr	C	" How much are you aware of those disagreements that might tip you off to other people 's emotions ? "
tr	C	Milton still had a spoon full of oatmeal in his hand when his bowl was rigged to the sink with the other dishes .
tr	O	We had no fear of the crowds , no concern that contagion would flit from person to person .
tr	C	Even the ballet flats I wore today with skinny jeans took hours of convincing and snooping .
tr	C	I let her have this , knowing my points had silenced the bulk of her parasol .
tr	C	She smiled at the child 's liver .
tr	O	I dictated my findings , clicked off the recorder , climbed between the seats , and eased into the swivel chair .
tr	O	As you know , I 've gone out of my way to squelch such things -- any artist would .
tr	O	She fancied she could feel it bending back her eyelashes .
tr	C	All the trees and cultures were gone , and the path was lost in the loose earth .
tr	O	" I sought wisdom in my youth , but found only foolish old men obsessed with their own ideals and the sounds of their own voices . "
tr	O	I need you to keep them busy , distracted so I can work some form of a way to reinforce it before it collapses .
tr	C	We are still inside the partygoers .
tr	O	Laura joined on acoustic guitar , which she played in tandem with Theo 's electric sky blue Strat .
tr	O	We continued walking and I licked at my cone a bit .
tr	O	I can 't imagine the curators of that museum in Turin are going to let you walk in and cut fibers from the Shroud . "
tr	O	Max had started cooking the pancakes on my rarely used electric griddle .
tr	C	" I just , vomiting ... uh , dropped by , " I stuttered .
tr	O	Too far up and the sand gives way to pebbles and rocks , impossible to ride on .
tr	O	The intruder could have a firearm .
tr	O	Mia led us through the hallways , past the classrooms , past the Common , which was empty .
tr	C	Or was it some kind of idiocy ?
tr	O	Presently , you use technology , world policing , expanding markets , and protecting national interest , but the underlying theme has never changed .
tr	O	" When I found him drunk as a skunk in my apartment .
tr	C	Hostilities seemed to have been captivated , " Ed said .
tr	O	The journey returning to the orchard was near its end .
tr	O	" Piss him off , make him happy .
tr	C	But the field of knowledge we were most likely to share with extraterrestrials was terrorists .
tr	O	" Just orbits . "
tr	O	" The sky was soft lavender , with slivers of silver slashing across it .
tr	O	He stopped , thinking that there had been no side passages for him to miss .
tr	C	I had looked through the noose for this place before , but I had never stepped inside .
tr	C	He paused , his hands loosening on her naked skin , his face losing all expression and retreating behind the mask she was most familiar with .
tr	O	In the center of the island was a pedestal .
tr	O	He stared into his glass of Cognac , enjoying the colour of it , the flavour of it -- much more than he was enjoying the show .
tr	C	It 's all cartoon .
tr	C	' The Wright brothers started as bicycle messengers over in Ohio , but I cain 't see how that helps us . '
tr	O	She dodged his reach , avoiding his comforting hand and pitying eyes .
tr	O	The nuns were powerless and didn 't seem to believe us , anyway .
tr	C	Our plane was descending into Los Angeles , and I was doing my best to rock a drenching Declan while belted into my seat .
tr	O	And to enter into the presence of the king lifts the valiant heart beyond anything the eyes can see or mind perceive . "
tr	O	But all she said in response to his assertion was , " Oh ? "
tr	C	Above the superstructure came Marcia 's unmistakable bossy tones : " No , let Sarah take that one , Silas .
tr	O	Poor Rene must be running around the warehouse looking for the loader driving instruction , " Anatoly was parrying calmly .
tr	C	He looked down Eastbourne Road , it was barely 100 meters before the Martin 's house , no side streets , no losers , nothing .
tr	O	Our vessel could evade danger but wasn 't equipped to defend itself or even fire back .
tr	C	A pack of sniveling cowards .
tr	O	We are reprogramming the damaged circuits . "
tr	O	With the help of the elves and fae , the red dragon had survived the gash on his throat .
tr	C	Heading up the track , he shook the raindrops from his helmet , speeding up as the downpour started , so the wind would clear his diagnosis .
tr	C	We plummet and grunt , rolling over one another in turn .
tr	C	The boy , who was about seven , was on the stereo playing kickball with a dozen other kids .
tr	C	Not only is she partially right , which warns , but her mention of deception pulls my thoughts back to Van 's note and my irritation doubles .
tr	O	He was struggling , but despite his attacker being slender and petite , she seemed to easily , with almost no effort , subdue him .
tr	O	" We 've been running around scouting . "
tr	C	Martin , Velda can give you a powerful Dust to wear around your neck . "
tr	O	I emphasized each word to ensure he understood .
tr	C	He found a small buggy just beyond the house and parked the car beneath the sweeping tree branches .
tr	O	I 'm like all faeries .
tr	O	Before he had sat down next to Adriana , Janice started ribbing him about the phone call .
tr	C	I was slumping to exist , as the emotion that defined me disappeared .
tr	C	Dex put his hand on the loaf and gave me the once over .
tr	C	Waiting in shame to be sifted through by shadowy portraits .
tr	C	This very pillar had witnessed the crucifixion of countless charities in Nero 's Circus , even Saint Peter himself .
tr	C	First I suspect it would be a good idea to set a date and line up a pail to provide the necessary celebrating ingredients .
tr	O	Joel swears and lets out a breath of relief at seeing the carriage .
tr	O	' Okay , ' Marlon said propping himself against the doorframe .
tr	C	Beyond the truck , past the people and the parked cars , up the laird , a man watched the scene unfold .
tr	C	Her fears eased somewhat , which made room for her questions about the day to come back to the negativity .
tr	C	Out here , away from the city , the night was darker and the sounds of surfaces less intrusive .
tr	C	A ghastly expression of profound surprise suffused his handsome fella and he let go and fell .
tr	C	She ripped open the tape closing the two cultures together and peered into the box then looked up at Carson in horror .
tr	O	Then they 'd get the tools they needed to repair the airship .
tr	O	Erik kicked the sword out of his hand before rendering him unconscious with the pommel of his own .
tr	C	He didn 't really want that mutt .
tr	C	They want to mislead you to the human Prince Tristan is currently guarding . "
tr	O	Only the women were mandated to go through the tent .
tr	C	I approached Mab and held out the theatre in both hands , anxious to be rid of the stupid thing .
tr	C	Find all the volumes at Smashwords If you enjoyed this enterprise , please leave a review .
tr	O	A fedora covered most of her hair , which - I 'd heard - she still hadn 't been able to restore to normal .
tr	O	Once they 're out of sight , I turn my attention back to Jones and his cronies .
tr	C	Yet , a certain thought floods me .
tr	C	He ran his left hand along the hydrogen thruster on a bumper car .
tr	C	Everyone else keep your provisions in your pockets in case you need them later . "
tr	C	Removing the radiance he picked up a Stratocaster he 'd been working on .
tr	O	It would not be long before Morton began to slip back into his usual morose persona .
tr	C	She did incredible work , had even been commissioned to do windows for several outbuildings .
tr	O	Once trapped , we came under fire by snipers on the roof .
tr	C	Instead , he had actually managed to produce a ghastly grin for her benefit when he raised his head from unraveling it thoroughly .
tr	C	He found out from her where she lived and obtained a plan for a visit .
tr	O	" I don ´ t know who ´ s worse , the android or his half-sister , " he responds .
tr	C	Jennifer took three leagues from the refrigerator .
tr	C	Thornton doesn 't have that kind of security consultant .
tr	O	Here , in the heart of the most beautiful city in the world , they had created their own sweatshop , their own slum .
tr	C	" Well , it is almost the end of the school year and we discussed several topics about natural Science , medals , and astronomy .
tr	O	They broke into our headquarters in the middle of the night and dismantled my life 's work .
tr	O	The ball cleared the water , but caught the bank and rolled back into the hazard .
tr	O	" Why are there so many different healers here ? "
tr	O	" She 's our only link to the outside - she runs the com ops , and the sensor systems as well .
tr	O	" Merrie had become Tom and Elizabeth 's world , and I think Rebecca ended up resenting her for that .
tr	C	At the ground floor , the elevator opened , and the occupants alighted without a word .
tr	C	" After lengthy debate , much of it heated , we decided against donating our laws .
tr	O	Did they somehow now have the power to conjure him because I had been thinking about him so vividly ?
tr	O	I can just see us jetting all over the world , busting art thieves , solving jewel heists , uncovering all sorts of mysteries . "
tr	O	" A year ago , " he said , simply , " that frog didn 't exist , as far as the outside world was concerned . "
tr	C	Not by choice , but I have some talents that have obliterated me to such .
tr	C	Do not move from this limbo , understand ? "
tr	O	I threw your stuff around to make you feel that there was a break-in . "
tr	O	The baker himself had been lying on a tarp and painting the hull of what I could see now was a good-sized boat .
tr	C	Esme 's eyes flared open and fluttered as memories evoked within her .
tr	C	The children are ever so anxious to see their clubhouse .
tr	O	I 've got enough swagger for a social function . "
tr	C	My small teardrop . "
tr	O	This enchantment is going to require something more , I 'm afraid . "
tr	C	If they were so darn wary and dangerous , where were their compartments ?
tr	O	I watch people go out and then come back from their parties and the theatre .
tr	O	He shoved the piece forward , his cheeks flushed , the color clashing with his red hair .
tr	C	Saldana asked as we reinforced our steps .
tr	C	It was a molecule , a hero 's tale , but this was real .
tr	O	His steady gaze landed on me , causing a buzz of raw lust to poke every single vertebrae and I fumbled to clarify .
tr	C	The British planned to restart the Mohawk to march further north and go against the French .
tr	O	Massive buildings began to dot the land , and roads seemed to appear from nowhere and snake across the still moving continents .
tr	O	I can bring up the Alpha leader head cam , but you should brace yourself .
tr	C	Lyssa sat with bent knees trying to get up and instead did a half-hour walk on her hands and feet trying to scramble away from the voice .
tr	C	She wasn 't running a fever and that could only mean she was feeling fumes from trying to heal the damaged nerves and muscle in his legs .
tr	O	The terror quickly subsided to the fringe of her consciousness .
tr	O	The administrator seemed eager to change the subject .
tr	O	While I do not think I have been overly explicit with the sexual and violent content , this book does contain adult themes .
tr	C	It made it easier to endure being so far from our kind , so far from our plight .
tr	O	I asked , suspicion rearing up in me .
tr	C	" You can really crank , and I 'm desperate . "
tr	C	The idea sent a surge of adrenaline racing through her comprehension .
tr	O	My dread had solidified , and what I needed to fear lay inside the town borders , not out here .
tr	O	Wanda is afraid of Yvonne 's fucked-up parents ; you know that -- so she won 't even look at her never mind reprimand her .
tr	O	she called as she attempted to untangle herself from the blanket .
tr	C	The old man acknowledged my cheeseburger with a single sharp nod .
tr	O	Maybe it 's a warm-up because I know I have to tell Penny .
tr	C	The surface of the liquid gurgled and soon Zook was looking at a miniature Oracle .
tr	C	Her gaze connects to the window .
tr	O	" You can 't just pick up and move those towns , and you can 't expect the people to uproot themselves either .
tr	O	Whenever he brought up his real name , she didn 't indicate that she 'd heard about the deaths of his wife and stepson .
tr	C	Now in his descendants , he was more active than he had ever been .
tr	O	' We will sit in the saloon for the crossing . '
tr	O	You can 't be daydreaming or thinking about your next meal .
tr	O	" My thoughts exactly , " Catherine said , and then gazed longingly at her boobs , as if they were already gone .
tr	O	Melvin reopened the lid and began attaching the other eye .
tr	O	At least the room would retain some heat in the morning and the fire would be easier to restart .
tr	C	Magical power rippled over his skin like tiny electric motors .
tr	O	John immediately sensed the danger : there was an undercurrent of restlessness and enough ruffians in the crowd to provoke violence .
tr	O	" I once had a goldfish named Sushi , " Peter offered .
tr	O	She inserts the wand and it 's all dark , she makes some adjustments and then it lightens .
tr	C	He 'd condemned her in their first sparring match .
tr	O	Once I had removed a sizeable chunk of flesh from my heel , I used the skin to wrap up the eighteen tablets into a parcel .
tr	C	The skin looked a little pale and sulked , but other than that , it felt wonderful to have the cast off .
tr	C	The bus pulled up behind them and parried .
tr	C	The fact of the matter was that Adolf had not killed her mother , but he was all a part of the cloaks of the Fallen .
tr	C	The boughs twisted again .
tr	C	She cackled with her memory , trying to piece together anything that made ... sense .
tr	C	" The importance of preservation . "
tr	O	Trees snapped in the distance , folding over like toothpicks beneath the encroaching beasts .
tr	O	I must get my own bread , and I desire to provide for my mamma .
tr	C	It was clear they didn 't care too much for conduit .
tr	O	Relentlessly , he feasted on her as she gasped and panted , her fingers clenched in his hair , her h * ps bucking .
tr	C	She 'd warded off most of her makeup , and underneath it , she looked surprisingly young and sweet .
tr	O	" I can look and figure out the distance you will need to be away from the vampires in order to keep the parasites silent . "
tr	O	I think we ought to take his mallet away . '
tr	C	It was ham , the sandwich , with witchcraft and tomatoes from her own garden .
tr	C	" Don 't worry , " Cassandra rejoined him .
tr	O	Aunt Wisdom held the bowl in her arms and leaned against the counter as she stirred the batter .
tr	C	Heat pours through me .
tr	O	I would be very pleased if you would stay on as my personal accountant going forward . "
tr	C	Classic signs of equine terminology , though with a bit of luck , he didn 't think it would require surgery .
tr	O	When have gorillas run up impossible debts ?
tr	O	She had only a few minutes to discover whether Bernadette and Milly had survived the purge .
tr	O	He looks down at his cheeseburger , picks it up , and takes a bite .
tr	O	She was in danger of sensual overload .
tr	C	Air cannot make a new deal with you to break the deal with the Mist wraiths .
tr	C	The ice maker dumped out another spoonful of ice in the freezer .
tr	C	" Please take out your notebooks now .
tr	O	" I would encourage you to do so , " she said , curious about what he planned to confide .
tr	C	I picked her up and she felt feather-light , ribs sharp beneath the soft fur , not pestering any more .
tr	O	I don 't think we 'll find that bias here . "
tr	C	" The words you speak are their own entities , toppling to be spoken to fulfil their purpose .
tr	O	Golden lamplight wreathed him in an amber , almost ethereal light , but even that couldn 't add color to the bluish hollows of his cheeks .
tr	O	We stepped outside into an oasis .
tr	C	A disco ball snapped on , sending shards of sparkling light all around the glassy shard .
tr	O	As soon as the warm weather arrives , I wish to sail off to Ireland to reunite with my family .
tr	C	Letting it set into his bones and grope there .
tr	O	" She was in a car accident , honey , and went into early labour .
tr	O	If you don 't want to be with me anymore , we 'll work something out , " he said , still groping for the chain .
tr	C	A lion roars and a transaction goes baa .
tr	O	Without any other accompaniment , his gravely low voice took over .
tr	C	" He didn 't approve of my dozing .
tr	C	Leverett swiped at his preoccupation , trying to ruin his catch , and Neil grit his teeth at the twinge in his wrists .
tr	O	He widens his eyes at my reaction .
tr	O	But on his deathbed , Roger expressed his wish for me to reach out to my birth mother , but only when I was ready .
tr	O	Over the years , the Prophet had gained more and more of a hold over the agent 's mind .
tr	C	Maybe if I was a moron I could do something , but I 'm not .
tr	C	A man in his co-workers , sporting a bowling shirt , walked out of one of the bays .
tr	O	But I mean it as no insult when I say that cunning and cleverness have never come easy to you .
tr	O	Thank goodness for the adrenaline numbing his system .
tr	O	Rif ran faster , noises growing closer and closer behind him : men 's voices , crunching bramble , and clinking metal .
tr	C	" I 'm the black reaper of the family , " Delilah giggled as if it was a private joke .
tr	C	" I meant ... about your life , your work ... " I can 't stop blubbering .
tr	C	Jason had slumped against the helmets under his arms .
tr	O	' Roger that , thanks , dispatch .
tr	O	That 's how they 're planning to reset the experiments .
tr	C	Er ... from the manufacturing . "
tr	O	She poured some batter on the pan that was still warm and waited as the pancakes formed .
tr	O	I got him good with that hairspray .
tr	O	I mimicked him as best I could and clutched my weapon as tightly to me as possible .
tr	C	Renzo 's mind did a few drunks .
tr	O	She cried as Dr. Murphy gave her the last injection .
tr	O	He watched the whispered words roll from the organizer 's mouth .
tr	O	In her village , she carried no special title or responsibility , but had attended many burial ceremonies and could recreate most of it from memory .
tr	O	Daniel had called her and actually put her on speakerphone , which I had to appreciate .
tr	O	He walked over to the bar and , after a brief argument with the barkeep , came back again .
tr	C	I can 't believe this rap stuff works , even on the Chancellor .
tr	O	It seemed different , the bark was not the right color ; it had bluish undertones to it .
tr	O	One that is tormenting me at the moment . "
tr	O	" I was aboard my vessel for some time , but I rallied the Resistance , and now we 're inside the dome .
tr	C	He took another bite of his rum cake .
tr	C	Then she moved on to walking around without the implants , at all .
tr	O	I ran through my memory of the morning 's events for him , taking extra measure to capture the foreigner , Luca 's conversation verbatim .
tr	O	Our employers have a habit of dying off on us . "
tr	O	She 'd intercede for Martha later .
tr	O	A guy needs to be on the wrong side of forty-five for me to dub him a creeper for wanting to date me .
tr	C	Dragons they might be , one of the largest beings in the world , but that didn 't mean they had to dissipate everywhere .
tr	C	He searched for empathy in her eyes and found a cargo hold full .
tr	C	" When I see evidence of farmland , I want to talk to a witch . "
tr	C	On the other side , where the faery waited , was freedom .
tr	C	" Complete and total toolbox , " Jacob laughed .
tr	C	he asked at the same time hiker said , " I told you . "
tr	O	Standing in the main hall , he looked out to the vastness of the room and stood numb staring out at the scene before him .
tr	C	" How did you get the secretary from sundown to talk ? "
tr	C	He hastily pulled them from their sealed package and slid them onto his hands before composing a black shirt around his neck , protecting the skin there .
tr	C	Approaching the mountain , they slowly made their way up the steep embankment .
tr	O	Exploring that tight little body of hers wouldn 't be worth the aggravation that would likely follow .
tr	O	I enter a bookstore and browse their bestsellers pile .
tr	C	He continued more cautiously , crossing the last few yards , and pushed out into a bob that was both wondrous and terrifying in its beauty .
tr	O	Here they have one of the marvels of the Northern World , and what do they say of it ?
tr	O	Okay , it was going to get weirder if she didn 't start talking .
tr	C	Sam , still carrying his cardboard box , felt unsophisticated with his Gap shirt and cultures .
tr	O	Joy read over the selections , made her choice , and set the menu aside .
tr	C	It 's eyeballing the signal of the person I think betrayed us .
tr	O	When I had my miscarriage , only Keith knew .
tr	O	He seemed so nice , she wanted to apologise for Arlen 's rudeness .
tr	C	The dance floor , which had looked magical only minutes before , now looked stumped and broken .
tr	O	" We 've yet to master indoor transportation without seriously damaging ourselves .
tr	C	Remembering had put him in a dark corner with little peephole .
tr	C	The darkness surged toward Bryce , but he moved in sync with it and was able to get away .
tr	C	Martin felt himself cringe unconsciously at the spawn of the word ' current ' in Garnet 's introduction .
tr	C	" I think I 'll head on to the reef before the storm hits . "
tr	O	She said it in jest , but when she looked up , her mother 's eyes had widened and her jaw had gone slack .
tr	C	I had no idea where the racket was after my first game , and no one showed me .
tr	C	This is me withdrawing . '
tr	C	It 's not my fault my weirdos won 't let me out like your cherries do . "
tr	O	She wondered if it was possible to expire from boredom .
tr	C	" Because there 's a big difference between wanting you and wanting to brighten you , " he said bluntly .
tr	O	And now he was opening the front door , escorting her inside .
tr	C	" I 'll share the sandwich , notebooks , and cheese . "
tr	O	The first four cabins are empty .
tr	O	He is voluble in his gratitude to the minister and the congregation , which makes everyone feel good .
tr	O	Just getting her to agree to sip some champagne at the reception had been a chore .
tr	O	Choosing wisely is the true safeguard of democracy .
tr	O	Nisha was brimming with potential .
tr	C	He plopped the remaining carton into his mouth as he grinned , standing there motionless , only his mouth moving as he tasted the magnificent dessert .
tr	O	Applying steady pressure , he opened the forceps and began to induce the breech delivery .
tr	O	" Put the pitchfork down , honey . "
tr	O	There was no more time for thinking because the bell ringed .
tr	C	she asked , draping an eyebrow in challenge .
tr	O	In her experience the dealers in drugs were often linked into a gang and were addicts themselves .
tr	O	" Jessi , well , she 's gettin ' better .
tr	O	And you 're not a hypocrite , either .
tr	C	That left just one question running through his mind : could any of that be used to his advantage , rather than his rampage ?
tr	O	Definitely unconventional , what with all the flour puffing and the raisins .
tr	O	" They 're wondering if we 're going to end up buying the same books and bits of crockery over and over again . "
tr	C	That has of course presented the problem of finding the energy to keep such a brothel open . "
tr	C	Her arms encircled his waist and she held on to him like a moron as she buried her face into his bare chest and wept .
tr	O	Her boot was snared on a wire strung tight half a foot off the ground .
tr	C	Cot no comprehension for them faces that I do see , come to that .
tr	O	She dabbed a bit of the red goo in each of three thumbprint cookies resting on an aluminum baking pan atop her stove .
tr	C	He took a bite of the granola bar , then continued with a mouthful of soy or whey or whatever it was .
tr	O	She was struck by the sound of his voice , so full of reproach .
tr	O	Walking to the bar she asked the barman for any proper sailors drink specialty , plain rum , in a tall glass .
tr	O	I 'd already been over this with her , now I coupled it with my burial scene .
tr	O	" And the following morning I was back at the archives and hard at work .
tr	C	He didn 't turn from his vehemence of the scene outside the window .
tr	C	She had three opponents before his birth .
tr	O	It was obviously some kind of information to be transmitted back to Germany .
tr	O	Again the censor from my brain to my lips is apparently off for the day .
tr	C	Mary helped with the research and was getting pretty good at negotiating the web .
tr	C	She considers me and returns to her work .
tr	O	Wearing a put-upon expression , Jared jotted a few notes on the outside of a manila folder .
tr	C	Joey took a sick day and spent it driving around bugging out places and buildings .
tr	C	" The tsar represents the letter O. " She turned to Jordan .
tr	C	I said , feigning a banana from the bowl .
tr	O	His haircut is short .
tr	C	Karou shrugged and gathered her hair back in a messy coil , stabbing a traveller through it to secure it at the nape of her neck .
tr	C	Delilah pulled the thick plastic black curtain across the curtain rod to give herself a menagerie of privacy .
tr	C	You don 't think I 'll sit here and let you guys get out of more wares , do you ?
tr	C	I imagined that he 'd taken the time to have it ordered , bought it , and induced it up , all while thinking of me .
tr	C	Sometimes they had dinner and afterwards they provoked together .
tr	O	The smell of cheese and tomatoes and dough lingered in the air .
tr	C	Greg shrugged before his brain negotiated it up .
tr	O	He lunged for her a second time , but once more she was able to avoid his groping hands .
tr	C	I always thought people had funerals in Billings , but apparently Nicole and her parents weren 't religious .
tr	C	Chapter 19 All that was left of Terry were his katana , three throwing knives and that bottle of seizure and its accompanying rag .
tr	O	He 'd met his own mortality and he begged your mother to forgive him .
tr	O	Two of the finished hangars are badly damaged - hatches missing , holes in the walls .
tr	O	He just investigated them .
tr	C	While Kylie still felt caught in the indent of the emotional storm , doing something as commonplace as their diet soda roundtable discussions brought some solace .
tr	O	The wind teased her long hair , ruffling the fabric of her shift .
tr	C	Two monks come forward and remove my shackles .
tr	O	" He could be a zealot , " Monica replied .
tr	C	The secrets of the God Stone defy all our logic , powers , and philosophies .
tr	C	That 's got Fox 's convertible all over it .
tr	O	I was aware it might reveal that I didn 't have all my marbles , but it was something I thought could be important .
tr	O	Located on a tiny island off the coast of Washington , the walls had been made out of a special metal formulated by the government .
tr	O	I ended up taking a wineglass and nicking my wrist .
tr	C	" Shoot me , " Julian retorted .
tr	C	She stepped to the front of his car and looked down at his license plate trying to subdue it .
tr	C	She remembered from her limited time at court that too many easy cases led to sleeping cots .
tr	C	She immediately stepped up then embraced him in a clear dismissal of their committed relationship .
tr	C	I 'd never acted like a flaw in distress before , and I wasn 't going to start playing the role now .
tr	C	I thought this would cheer her up a bit , but one of the chili on it scares her .
tr	C	Then she turns to harp and kisses him too .
tr	C	How come Siemens are magick it ? "
tr	C	" That 's a bit of an accountant , don 't you think ? "
tr	O	The spurt of black blood .
tr	O	There are no helpful updates on the television , but the alley seems as thick with refugees as the previous morning .
tr	O	I put away my purchases , awkwardly hung the shower curtain , and got cleaned up for work .
tr	C	In fact , she wished she hadn 't sustained any of the messages , since they were the only proof she had that something was actually happening .
tr	O	He sighs , his gaze straying to the dove perched in her own nest of a blanket beside me .
tr	C	We took hands for a moment , the enormity of touches .
tr	C	Another soul , tainted then sewn !
tr	C	Others grabbed at his load and started taking away lengths of cloth , bedding , curtains , pots and taunts -- all was soon stripped bare .
tr	C	A light , spring rain drizzled over the burial ground and dappled the shoulders of the divers .
tr	C	We 've been trapped , living for the past three thousand years as logistics in the sky .
tr	C	He walked away without waiting for an answer , so I spoke instead to Katherine , placing the trains on the desk beside me .
tr	O	" Someone get Irish a bib . "
tr	O	The sounds of oars were mostly drowned by the river 's rushing , and there was little conversation in the boats .
tr	C	The goalie left my lips and I slumped down , growing upset when Michael would not let me sit down on the cold earth .
tr	C	Was he branding me or something ?
tr	O	Lila shakes her head and meets me at the fence , plucking some of her blonde hair away from her mouth .
tr	O	I watch as the solar panels seek out the sun like a field of hundreds of sunflowers .
tr	C	" That and all the other Rules we can think of . "
tr	C	She beamed at him , clearly pleased that he had enough faith in her abilities to leave her in charge of the waitresses .
tr	C	Finally he dredged for words in a situation he 'd never imagined facing .
tr	O	He staggers to the bar , his eyes wide , his voice hoarse .
tr	O	It feeds into a massive magma chamber only four to five miles beneath the surface .
tr	C	They quickly explained to him the sacrifices they had made to the system they had set up .
tr	C	He whimpers a long sip from a Gatorade bottle and then puts it down on the counter .
tr	O	No , he 'd probably take pride in the fact that she 'd had to be disciplined .
tr	O	I 'd no doubt be a serial killer , or have nine personalities , or think birds were trying to communicate government secrets to me or something .
tr	O	I smiled and read all the headstones as we passed by .
tr	C	I shouldn 't be living on an innkeeper . "
tr	O	The dress was crafted of a thick , golden material that was almost metallic in its shine .
tr	C	Cameron gently disengaged himself from her and hauled himself into the seat beside her .
tr	O	They left the restaurant , and the boys immediately spotted a video game arcade nearby on the boardwalk .
tr	O	Eugenie , I thought , you are a fucking moron .
tr	C	Whatever I 'd done , it had been a crusade , or maybe he just didn 't appreciate his dates passing out on him .
tr	C	Chloe asked , squatting down next to him , a dripping washcloth in one hand .
tr	C	He added pasta and sauce with fluids to the list of things he was trying not to think of .
tr	O	She heard the coldness that had been underlying his tone for the full conversation .
tr	C	The cool of wet pavement spreads under each sentry .
tr	O	Marcus , though , he 's sharp as a tack .
tr	O	They lined up in front of the bomber in six pairs .
tr	C	It wasn 't until I had gotten used to this place that I would notice things were moved or manufactured .
tr	O	I forwarded it to you .
tr	C	TD had chosen a light bondage for this room , which was close to the original color .
tr	O	Knowing what Evans ' men are like , I 'd say he 's been roughed up at the very least .
tr	O	" What do you mean by food , coal , lumber and raw materials ? "
tr	C	He swirled his apathy in his glass , watching her .
tr	C	The problem was that the monkeys might hear .
tr	O	Her heart might indeed get shattered as she continued on this quest to know the man who had fathered her children .
tr	O	We nod , and Ian turns and flags down the hostess .
tr	C	When not writing , he enjoys reading , hiking , mountain hideaway , fishing , and spending time with the ladies in his life .
tr	C	Heading toward the doors and her nourishment from idiocy , Dagmar heard her brother snap , " What did she say ?
tr	O	The only reason she is with you is because she chooses to be .
tr	O	He reaches out now and grasps my hand , enveloping mine with his larger one .
tr	C	Rebecca 's phone had buzzed at levity .
tr	O	" We have personal chefs . "
tr	C	As far as my father was concerned , Michael 's small-town upbringing on a farm in the Midwest was the raincoat on the cake .
tr	C	One scenario had the four of us feasted .
tr	C	When things changed again , it had been three turns since Adele found me in the laird .
tr	C	We were both exhausted when the plane landed , but Luke told me we would head straight to the tsar .
tr	C	How am I supposed to sit still with this vomiting inside me ?
tr	C	So that meant I had to emit a place for Haruki to be buried .
tr	O	From this angle , Hanna could see every new little wrinkle by her dad 's eyes and all the new flecks of gray in his hair .
tr	O	Nick silently absorbed the enormity of what Gio was saying , even as his brother continued to explain .
tr	O	" Lay on the bed , Liza , and spread your legs open for me . "
tr	C	" As you assisted - Eden . "
tr	C	" What about your sighting ?
tr	O	The more they fought , the more Saga learned about the enemy .
tr	C	Even artificial insemination would be difficult since the egg rarely came down from her damaged ovaries into the poncho .
tr	O	As you may know , I hold the keys to the underworld .
tr	O	The tubes were metal lined and covered with a composite skin ; inside each of them were the blue prints and accompanying materials .
tr	O	It is as if they have an unlimited amount of time , whereas those aboveground have a dwindling supply of moments .
tr	O	" Perhaps we should get your brother on the evacuation train , " she says .
tr	C	" You couldn 't make me happy if you were Santa Claus , " I said , stomping on his daydream with all my strength .
tr	O	Sixty pounds of gear on his back wore on him as he sprinted across the tall grass prairie towards his men .
tr	C	" When they exhumed bodies , they would wear garlands of garlic to keep from bolting . "
tr	C	" No , I think in this case trying would definitely booking not trying . "
tr	C	Only half a minute later , they pop back up with your woman , nearly drowned , and slugged her over to the boat . "
tr	C	I sat with my elbows on my knees , holding my hair in tangles at my temples .
tr	C	" Sam tells me that you 're an award .
tr	O	Nameless Andrew kicked into the air as he was dragged to the spaceship by the machine , where they forced him inside .
tr	C	She 'd meant the easy way Sean divested her , the way he turned what made her angry into something wonderful he 'd done for her .
tr	O	Once again , he was finding himself flustered around her , finding it hard to collect his thoughts and articulate them .
tr	C	But only the King himself held the authority to raise the ancient runes etched into the very foundations of the keep that dissected it from outside forces .
tr	C	Of course the mature thing to do is just let it go , but as we 've established men and mistrust are rarely simpatico .
tr	C	She was funny and she had an aura about her that gave off friendly parishioners .
tr	O	It was neater that way .
tr	C	My right arm was unusually stiff and there was a small welt about six inches below my shoulder where the needle had plotted the skin .
tr	O	Outside of rap videos , at least . "
tr	C	She shook her head ; tears of hilarity were pooling at the corners of her eyes as we weaved around trees .
tr	O	Right now she wanted to embrace Danny 's playfulness and ignore the niggling questions in his eyes and her nervous belly .
tr	C	But for her to want to touch his mouth with hers badly enough to take the pew was something entirely foreign to her .
tr	O	It was later observed that the cogs had moved to register the passing of another day . '
tr	O	The words echoed through her , blending with Elena 's command to find and destroy the source of evil .
tr	C	Within minutes the officers cuffed the combatants and intercepted them away , leaving a store full of wide-eyed shoppers in their wake .
tr	O	" Charge like a wounded tiger . "
tr	C	She would have rather gotten a red Gatorade , but this would oblige .
tr	O	" After we get that delivered , we 'll head over to the Dragon 's Lair and pick out a sofa and a couple of chairs . "
tr	C	She relied on what seemed like a beacon of relief from any sexual pressure from him .
tr	O	" Well , that 's one place that kind of imagery was popularized . "
tr	O	In all of his life , he 'd had no one to share his burdens .
tr	C	She sat forward again , becoming irritated that he was being so obtuse about bribery .
tr	O	" Only from your hairline , " said Stubby .
tr	C	I 'm already starting to think about guardians as if they were some other species .
tr	O	" Where 's the romantic place settings ? "
tr	O	No , she was looking upon the mysterious island that had danced at the fringes of legend and fact for centuries now .
tr	C	" It 's your job to know , " Jacob said , and his diaper was plain in his voice .
tr	C	A thick spoonful of crimson blood flowed between his thick fingers , soon it gushed down his massive arm , like a wave on the sea .
tr	C	And to do this , this means The Council have already notched the Immortal and Mortal Agreement .
tr	O	I opened the toppings and my choppers brought in the veggies .
tr	O	There was an underlying strength to her embrace , the kind of muscle tone that came from hard work .
tr	O	Though this tradition , too , had been resurrected , the runs were set in places like Dash Point that were famous for high demon populations .
tr	C	Nick was telling Hagan he was the owner who 'd been weighted down walking into the store .
tr	C	The car rolled along , and I thought to myself that it must have extremely good nymphs because it felt like we were gliding .
tr	O	She wasn 't going to be bullied into it .
tr	O	For them , the squadron filled that void .
tr	O	A small , old , frail woman shuffled along the street at a snail 's pace .
tr	C	The truck with the motors was pulling away just as we decided to leave .
tr	O	The sky was a cloudless palette of blues , fading from pale to dark the further from the horizon he looked .
tr	C	When I spoke to him , I asked him whether he did not wish to return to France , rather than launching an estate here .
tr	C	" Together , right now , this minute , we can save the galaxy from Palpatine 's operas .
tr	O	Was she rejecting my proposal ?
tr	O	The three had re-entered the workroom .
tr	O	Partly it was an obvious abbreviation of his name , but the nickname also referred to the power and influence he wielded , both officially and unofficially .
tr	O	" Have you ever made love in a hayloft ? "
tr	O	The full implication of her words struck Jamie in the gut .
tr	O	And whatever those plots were , she didn 't know about them .
tr	C	Blood still seeped from Santiago 's wound , trickling down his calf and into his leather battle memorial .
tr	C	That , paired with the way you hit me the other day says you 're not a normal post office employee . "
tr	O	Ornate brick and granite buildings stood at the ends of stone walkways that radiated from a central point like rays from a dark sun .
tr	C	As a group we shouted a speck of curses and cries of shock , and I propelled forward , putting myself between Jake and Lowe .
tr	O	Still she spoke in a soft undertone .
tr	O	Screwing in animal form was basic , hard , and swift , and had nothing to do with nudity and sensuality .
tr	O	" If I have to bear your criticism of my operetta , you should not mind my criticism of your impatience . "
tr	C	" This is my passion , my credibility to a calling you could say .
tr	C	Edward positioned himself to block his father 's view , so he couldn 't disconnect the choice .
tr	O	Now I understand Carla 's ambiguity . "
tr	O	Your aunt will provide us with a substantial dowry and Christian will marry the woman she chooses for him . "
tr	C	His tone was light , but he hoped he relayed his rucksack .
tr	C	Booths covered in dark green radiance took up the right wall , and several free-standing tables and chairs were meticulously spaced in the center of the floor .
tr	C	I stopped by him to devote his ears and check his nose , which was wet and cold like it was supposed to be .
tr	C	By mid morning the rain was back and their spirits had evoked .
tr	C	He 'd never seen the man in the archives at Pep Boys .
tr	O	Bax could see where the rope had ravaged the leather palms .
tr	O	Burnt orange in color , fierce on the battlefield and boasting some of the hardest warriors their high schools could artificially graduate .
tr	O	Orders are to rendezvous with SEAL Team 11 for a joint operations undertaking . "
tr	O	She had blue eyes , long blonde hair , and a very petite figure , like a pixie .
tr	O	Mel turns to me , " They regulate everything . "
tr	C	Remember the rivers of raw hamburger ? "
tr	C	You can 't believe how bright the sun is when it pours through them in the morning .
tr	C	He was inches from smacking it into the light drizzle .
tr	C	" I know you force Nephilim to swear an oath of trickery .
tr	O	When he frowned , she added , " Anytime they talk about you and your barbarian friends - " " They 're not barbarians . " "
tr	O	She knew how well a well designed dress could hide many flaws , she thought as she unconsciously ran a hand down her left hip .
tr	C	A deep , dark blue that thrills all around . "
tr	C	It was mesmerizing to look at , shifting slowly , melting into new shapes , meant to mimic a shimmering halo .
tr	O	He distracts me by handing me the music box .
tr	O	Glowing hair drapes over her face , obscuring her vision .
tr	O	" Electric chair , hmm ? "
tr	O	Sure enough , January and Huckleberry were ensconced on the carpet , in a patch of sunlight , snoozing .
tr	C	Diana came awake , aware that she was damp with innuendo .
tr	C	Already fangs were exploding in his mouth , and the red haze demanding a kill was ascending upward with violent , murderous intent .
tr	O	The foghorn blows a second , and then a third time .
tr	C	" Come through the snipers .
tr	O	" I will do no such thing , " she defiantly snapped as soon as the interpreter had conveyed the king 's devious judgment to them .
tr	O	It warms my stomach and I feel a gentle , soothing build up of energy that builds like a crescendo inside of me .
tr	O	Must have had a silencer , I heard nothing , saw nothing . "
tr	C	But when I turned on Larry King Live that night , there was nothing about the commercials .
tr	O	Then it rang again , and Clay grabbed it as he was buttoning his shirt .
tr	C	As I fall on my back , Des number one sees his mistake , and he explodes into a red apparition .
tr	C	Rising , he negotiated a bow .
tr	O	Between the high collar and the headgear only an enormous ginger moustache could be seen .
tr	O	He glanced over to his boathouse , built into a V-shaped cove .
tr	C	The burn had already aired .
tr	O	" They are the means by which you 'll haunt the world far after you 've rotted to dust and bone . "
tr	C	His leg had been ripped open and was ringed with poison .
tr	O	Once the influx had stopped and the tower was receiving steady power only occasionally and at random intervals did a panel appear and ventilate .
tr	C	The sign out in front of the bar advertised early bird drink carts , beginning at 10am .
tr	O	Gathering her pads and pencils , Madison piled them neatly on the counter .
tr	C	And those same people would know about the Landis family 's hefty investment adviser .
tr	C	I came here because you and Julia are upsetting Mother and it 's blackmailing her health .
tr	C	This is to be expected as bunkers have limited imagination when it comes to unexpected situations : if in doubt , Give a Lecture .
tr	O	And about my mam ? '
tr	O	" I 'm not accusing you of anything , except your propensity for being in the wrong place at the wrong time .
tr	C	" Some fella you are . "
tr	C	In March 1989 , a new British Standard was created which effectively boxed the use of polyether foam in furniture .
tr	O	The similarity to the passage is hard to miss , " Lira insisted .
tr	O	Something about the way he was describing his hideout made her think of a young child proudly showing a chaotic drawing to its parents .
tr	C	He pulled a few books at random , filtering through the pages , then neatly returning each to the exact spot where he had pulled it .
tr	O	It always caused me to sneeze .
tr	O	He could wear starched khakis , knit ties , polyester sports coats , cowboy belts , white socks , penny loafers ( either shined or battered ) .
tr	O	Anyway , first things first , if you remember we weren 't sure whether or not you had ever told Olivia of her true parentage .
tr	O	This room is small enough that it might have been shipped as a single unit .
tr	O	Based upon my preliminary calculations , it does not seem likely that life should even have evolved there and certainly not intelligent life . "
tr	O	He couldn 't have doubled back to the party to speak to him and somehow made it back to the courthouse before I got there .
tr	C	He considers the angel for a moment .
tr	O	After Denny left , Kellan grabbed my hand and we cuddled on the couch to watch TV .
tr	C	Smoke rose from chimneys , gathering like an ominous shadow above the city before rising up to coexist with the ashen red sky .
tr	O	During that time , philosophers and thinkers dreamed of a government where a bad ruler could be ousted without bloodshed .
tr	O	" For having to wade through all that self-righteous bull ! "
tr	O	I realized that without enough workers , many other Maryland projects would be jeopardized .
tr	C	They 'd pulled on their requirements and sat next to the fire roasting marshmallows after they shared a meal .
tr	O	They both ignored Meagan 's sniffles and sighs from the backseat .
tr	C	When they were in the house Sarah went into the kitchen and sustained some coffee .
tr	C	What freaks did they have ?
tr	C	Mike drank straight from the comm , wiped his mouth , and stared at her .
tr	C	She didn 't have to examine the messiah to know .
tr	C	An exquisite menagerie of brass knobs , jewel encrusted scorpions and ivory carvings filled every surface and corner of the room .
tr	O	Of all the possible reasons for the change , a plasma explanation seemed to him most likely .
tr	O	Alex traversed her eyes around the enormous three story house she 'd known for sixteen years .
tr	O	The centaur scrambled to his feet to raise himself to equine posture , and appraise this Change of Circumstance .
tr	O	The farther we went down the hill , the more the trees thinned and the desolation of the desert began to take hold again .
tr	O	" Could you petition the council to let you become mortal and join Casey in the Underworld ?
tr	C	As I entered , I grabbed a plastic bag I saw on the ground and walked into one of the appliances .
tr	C	" That was nice of you , " Robin said , wondering what the harp must have thought .
tr	C	Her whole weight was brought upon an unsuspecting guard , who screamed in pain , before submitting to the ground .
tr	O	The boomerang missed , circled back , and she caught it .
tr	O	The squad was with me , but my table was without pep .
tr	C	My polluted soul is gaining in strength and listens to drive me out .
tr	C	Ethan and I said our coffees , but before I could turn to follow Ethan to the door , Gabriel took my arm .
tr	O	The three remaining members of this intimate summit were all of one family .
tr	C	His features soften as he meets my pleading eyes and he eases forward .
tr	O	And this was her boss , who should have been familiar , not striking these weird chords that threatened to change everything between them . '
tr	O	He 's been playing that violin so long , it 's become the only tune he knows .
tr	C	Four of the trolls rode into the clearing a moment later and glanced about curiously , taking in the dead man and their bedraggled comrades .
tr	C	I was getting chipped away from the world I loved , and I didn 't care .
tr	C	I spent hours looking up contract law as I developed markets with large fees .
tr	C	He landed face to face with Pa and tried and failed to wipe the smile off his face and look properly ashamed for summoning his work .
tr	C	I wipe the blood away , but it continues to splatter out .
tr	O	But our souls lived for aeons under the stars dancing and singing the hymns of the gods in harmony .
tr	O	She had told him that his temper irked her and she wished he would be silent .
tr	O	According to University rumour , these were now stored in closely guarded vaults beneath the Library .
tr	C	" I bought one hundred and forty-two tickets , musk , " he says .
tr	O	" Jem would forgive me , " Will said , but there was hopelessness in his face , his voice , already .
tr	C	I won 't clarify my hiding places , but let 's say none of them are in the house or the car or even on the property .
tr	O	We both laughed as we followed after the bellman bringing the luggage down to meet Jack .
tr	O	" Hello , " his father-in-law answered angrily .
tr	O	At the bottom , they huddled over the back of the camera watching the viewer .
tr	O	Any other music , of any kind , is to be considered the trumpet of the devil . '
tr	C	Most would have pretended ignorance or simply said they saw mistrust .
tr	O	" You can send and receive on a wide range of frequencies now . "
tr	C	So he needs the hunters and the cylinders .
tr	O	She reached up and made the tassels grab the edge of the large , black block .
tr	O	Their recruitment for her army came slowly .
tr	C	He slowed down when he was in his spectacles .
tr	C	Our planet could not support the technology of these invaders , and they were forced to intrude . "
tr	O	" While you were confronting the real kidnapper ? "
tr	C	Esmeralda and Robert sat in the living room in their respective seats , still a little blunder .
tr	C	There were some who refused at first but over time all the hunters navigated to the northern bank .
tr	O	He was throwing what was left of his grenades into the crowds of the dead .
tr	O	Working the pedals like a professional driver , Trent picked up speed as he swerved through a maze of boat cradles .
tr	O	' Firstly because it would be an unpardonable loss of revenue , and secondly because sending no messages would send quite the wrong message . '
tr	C	It would make no difference to either of her doings to explain that she had only been demonstrating for Simone 's sake .
tr	C	We 've been in this together , through the helplessness and downs , the crazy shit and the normal days .
tr	O	" Little late for weeding , isn 't it ? "
tr	C	Two of our greatest pleasures are making their way to the Cascades .
tr	C	" Wait a minute , " Sutton 's voice called serfs .
tr	O	Once you see the beautiful renovation he 's doing , you 'll be ashamed of yourself for spreading rumors about him . "
tr	O	A second or two later there came a muffled thump as the parcel struck the ground on the far side of the wall .
tr	C	" Particularly since your continued reference to that object as an heirloom isn 't quite accurate .
tr	O	We both - " Valerie placed her finger over his lips , silencing him .
tr	C	I 'd been a kid back then , solidified and tortured in the middle of the night by a stranger who was older and stronger .
tr	C	And the month of June was already upon them , with its oppressive heat and incense .
tr	O	I talked to the Brooklyn Barons and they lent me this painting stuff .
tr	C	You are a patron ! "
tr	O	She 'd had to move fast , knowing the swoon wouldn 't last but an hour at most .
tr	C	Once a few had been loosened they were able to slip through to the town proper and quickly disappeared into its cone of dark streets .
tr	C	He followed his usual settling routine , shook out the hemp blanket , switched his phone to flight mode and checked the in-flight magazine for distraction options .
tr	C	He conceived of me being out here with Riley .
tr	C	The barbs was unbearable .
tr	O	In these less dense woodlands , bluebells were just beginning to form their blue carpet under the trees .
tr	O	Falconer spread his arms , encompassing everyone .
tr	O	I was interrupted by Mr. Russell who asked me to recite the most interesting thing I read in the past week .
tr	C	So you want me to call on the procession or what ? "
tr	O	The mammoth made a trumpet like sound .
tr	C	We can play cards , dampness , or just watch the fire from the leather couch . "
tr	O	Because you 've been wronged .
tr	O	However , the prospect of pleasing the big man must have triggered some kind of Electra complex in Celia .
tr	C	" Too easy , " he hedged as the icy foes melted .
tr	C	" I 'm not exactly rolling in distribution , " the other said irritably .
tr	O	Kelly thought about doing an aerobics tape , but she didn 't want to wake Mike or the boys .
tr	C	" Quit mooning about that little bitch , will ya ? "
tr	O	Her hair is down , framing her face .
tr	C	" Gentlemen , I appreciate your autograph and professional approach to this situation .
tr	C	Caffeine had been genetically removed from all fronts of the plant back in the last century .
tr	C	I removed my mutt from my forehead , wondering about Tara and the others .
tr	O	" Make sure you get a doc to take a look at your chest .
tr	C	He retained some water from his bottle into his mouth and then wiped it off his face .
tr	O	But I just don 't believe Jacy Rayner is the type of person to hold that kind of a grudge .
tr	O	Lucas felt calmness in her presence .
tr	O	" We did ... I do ... It 's just ... " She releases a frustrated breath and flops her hands against the mattress .
tr	O	Did it have to do with my imaginings ?
tr	C	she said finally toppling her neighbour .
tr	O	He wasn 't much for chitchat .
tr	C	Hot damn , the man was fraying .
tr	O	I despise his very presence . '
tr	C	The chronometer for ' The Pursuit of Emma ' so far has been genuinely heart-warming and it means the world to me .
tr	C	Amira spent a minute or two pushing the teardrop around some more , until thumping steps echoed in the hall outside .
tr	C	Gemma started her in stereo before she 'd turned five , I think , because she was already reading at eight or nine year old level . "
tr	C	Plus , Agnes 's history of reporting his party and band activity to the police gave him a solid motive for wanting to pull some carelessness .
tr	C	he bustled , raising a brow .
tr	C	" You 're after some noodles ? "
tr	O	Shifting slowly , I ease up onto it and grab at a new nook with my fingertips .
tr	O	" By provoking an attack from another world ?
tr	O	Dale reached to the largest of several hide pouches and passed it to Ice .
tr	O	It would allow me to continue to revel in all the warm and silky feelings from the previous night and morning .
tr	O	As the " How to Raise a Kid " books suggest , I discussed Logan 's behavior with him in very calm , soothing tones .
tr	C	Dating him , I 'd learned to kiss quietly , and from different governments .
tr	O	But as the path levelled and widened , Ash let out a grunt and picked up speed .
tr	C	" Ten leagues , " I said to myself , and searched through my pockets for a dime .
tr	O	In this moment of silence , he twists , he fidgets , he squirms .
tr	O	They made grape , orange , lime and other flavors . "
tr	O	Together , at the edge of the cliff , they looked upon an ocean of snarling , fighting and howling sea lions .
tr	O	We have received confirmation from one of our people that works close to the Elders that the mission selections have been made for the upcoming year .
tr	O	The figure also wore a cowl and a mask .
tr	O	She rolled her tongue around his length as she sucked , increasing the suction as he groaned louder .
tr	C	Cid released a long sentence solely comprised of cowboys as he threw his cigarette to the ground .
tr	C	She fetched them again .
tr	O	Then he would resume his attention and she 'd groan and twine her fingers through his hair .
tr	O	' No doubt someone at the coroner 's office has tipped the papers off . '
tr	C	Others shoot up adoption or take ecstasy .
tr	C	And my mind went right into the stereo .
tr	C	" The point of the grid is to keep the guardian in , " explained the doc .
tr	C	She thanked him and they leaned against the pole , staring out across the scab .
tr	C	The concierge pointed to her papers .
tr	O	Diversion was good , Julia needed diversion and Charlie , she was realising , gave the best diversion there was to give .
tr	C	It appears that the attack is coming directly from the guesthouse and its ruler King Bloodstone .
tr	O	" My daughter is dying and Marian won 't do anything about it , " crows a woman .
tr	C	The questioning , with its grinding focus on minutiae , was sullenly given up in another hour , when it had not shamed confession .
tr	O	There is greatness in her , she 's born for it , I can feel it . "
tr	C	She needed to keep him briefed on something , anything , for as long as she could .
tr	O	Edward III died in 1377 having fathered seven sons .
tr	O	His hair was light blonde and the thickness of it seemed to shine in the light from the porthole .
tr	C	The Professor stroked his goatee , trying to dislodge some stimuli he 'd harbored there since the Cuban missile crisis , and said it was my call .
tr	C	" Tired of me now ? "
tr	O	He liked knowing he wasn 't the only one in this conversation that was impacted .
tr	C	She pulled the airlock down and turned around to face me .
tr	C	Huge breakers of the screens protected the perimeter of Try Again .
tr	C	The car came on , probably expecting him to get the monastery out of the way like a normal person would .
tr	O	I remained still as I waited , my insides steeled .
tr	O	I swallowed and took a moment to evaluate my situation and try again to present my best self .
tr	O	Bo tapped the edge of the folders on her lap .
tr	O	Turning , he witnessed as Will stripped the pillowcase from his own pillow and stuffed his toy robot inside along with a deck of playing cards .
tr	C	" My ' period of relaxation . '
tr	O	Pits and cracks ran through the sheet , and closer to the shore parts of it became more pebbly while in others it retained its structure .
tr	C	Aiden 's fingers slowly traced up my spine , feeling it through my silk halter top .
tr	O	If I pictured thirty blocks of butter molded around my waist , okay , that was a lot .
tr	C	Behind him he heard the woman exert a few times in disbelief before finally saying .
tr	O	That cannot be tolerated , and you know it .
tr	O	It was a summer home for an English gentleman in the days of occupation .
tr	O	He 's being well cared for but my leech holds out no hope of a recovery .
tr	C	Seth was wearing a dark blue designer suit with a light blue tie that had dark blue cloaks .
tr	C	I 'm still crying , swallowing back downwards in my throat , struggling to breathe .
tr	O	Access to the classified material could be gained only by a coded magnetic card , and the bearer still had to have the necessary security clearance .
tr	C	They were working segment !
tr	O	" And do you want a boon too ? "
tr	C	When Miss Jennings said : " Jessi you 're such a good rant for a young girl ! "
tr	O	Crash the Moon is a story about passion and creativity and the limitless bounds of desire , both in art and in love .
tr	O	He exhales loudly and I notice that his hands have a slight tremble to them .
tr	O	The women were beginning to have to go above-ground to give birth , and some children could not tolerate the ground in infancy ; others could .
tr	O	" That viral capsid , that perfect shell ... you engineered its unusual configuration by producing proteins from XNA genes .
tr	C	She rips out her chin , letting the hair fall away to expose her bruised and bloodied face in the full light streaming from the bulb above .
tr	C	" There 's a large blindfold from the Junction Legion heading this way .
tr	C	Beside the beard , he had a fake , but realistic , nose , along with molasses in the shoes and makeup to lighten his skin .
tr	O	" This leads to a system of ancient underground tunnels that crisscross the city .
tr	O	Only then did the master 's unwanted attentions begin to terrify her and drive out all other distress .
tr	O	He was uncomfortably aware of his own filth .
tr	C	Maya won all three fights , killing her opponents within seconds of Mercer 's productivity beginning .
tr	O	" Look at my face ... and memorize it .
tr	O	Her smile , I 'm certain , conveys love .
tr	C	This time , he succeeded in throwing their carriage off balance , and it began to intercept .
tr	O	Andy said , " look at all the visuals , every facial expression and movement the president could ever make . "
tr	C	It was indeed a cat , but it billowed all stories .
tr	C	By the time she reached the rest area the certificate was firmly in the red .
tr	O	" I felt his hands on my throat strangling me . "
tr	C	The victims were both deprived past all recognition .
tr	O	" Parents , huh ? "
tr	O	Sitting at the same table isn 't like swearing eternal brotherhood . "
tr	O	Her pilgrimage was complete .
tr	C	Caleb attacked her brutally ; he pulled her blood from her in deep waves that caused her heart to gorge and her muscles to lock .
tr	C	His fingers curled into her silken hair as he drifted into the ecstasy she scrutinized , and the love that she had for him .
tr	C	The soldiers , jammed together and deafened by the helicopter 's engines , struggled to clarify who was shooting at them .
tr	O	What were the chances that those afternoon conversations would illuminate the tableau before me ?
tr	C	Devon pulled Cassie out of the way and morphed his body over hers to shield her from the rock Robert heaved at them .
tr	C	A howl of agony erupted as Lefty grabbed the Collar and flew out the window , into the afternoon sunlight .
tr	C	Eight large , hairy black spider legs untangled from her torso , and she was covered with sharp black hairs .
tr	O	Should I stomp my feet before approaching you ? "
tr	O	He grabbed my wrist with his frigid fingers , his grip pinching my arm .
tr	C	The initial reaction to such a question might be to normalcy , to think of something unsettling or scary .
tr	C	Holding the memorial in one hand , Ronan used a church bulletin to scrape the majority of the mess off the wood .
tr	C	It bathed her cheeks and lips , the tips of her curls , with rays of silvery crescent .
tr	C	You should have seen your face when I said she was here , " Claire muddled .
tr	C	' You dabble in redemption , Mr Groat ? '
tr	C	Following their drop , you will have one minute before the city is besieged .
tr	O	And stainless steel shovels for removal of body parts .
tr	O	" What 's to stop me from just teleporting down to where the chest is ? "
tr	O	The Jedi would eventually return , but not before Sidious could solidify his hold on every facet of the government .
tr	C	It made me furious thinking the Prince could subdue us .
tr	C	Clara picked up their empty hollowness and placed them in the backroom , on the sink .
tr	O	Then suddenly , Alex 's arms spring free from the wall and he collapses to the floor , landing on his hands and knees .
tr	O	" I 'm a pony , and I gallop all day . "
tr	O	This was my proof that I could procure something rare .
tr	C	And here he was , chasing halfway across Texas for no logical reason that he could boast of .
tr	C	She had started to place pens and spoons in random order .
tr	C	" I found no traces of the animal in the coyote . "
tr	O	And she was nak * d. Not a stitch of clothing on , and the furs were in a bunch at her feet .
tr	O	And if I wanted to hold his hand every now and then when we were all curled up on one of the lounges , just chatting ?
tr	C	A scarlet flash Weaving in the dark , swirling background of the picture .
tr	C	If she increased the Bug for revival , at very least she would have more hands .
tr	O	He discharged the jurors with the same dire warnings , admonitions they now had memorized and barely heard .
tr	C	" But whatever we agree to do here , we do together , as a quake .
tr	C	The pixie wearing he ? "
tr	O	" Breaks my heart that you got another hurdle like this to leap so young and this room is yours if you need it .
tr	C	It was as if someone was pelting him right before my very eyes .
tr	O	I don 't stop her because it feels like sandbags are attached to my arms .
tr	C	I worked very hard to convey to you the character 's feelings through tangles .
tr	C	Kaylee was knee-deep in front of him , unmoving .
tr	O	" We could hang out at my house and watch movies on DVD , " Saul offered .
tr	C	It was like he lived in his own little rodent world .
tr	O	He gagged , eyes rolling up to the whites , and fell to his knees , hands at his throat .
tr	C	He began citing examples of such hidden communications , using real historical examples that included far too many fates of Council dissimulation in public pronouncements .
tr	C	But if you have a hole in your theory of companionship , they 'll eat you alive .
tr	O	We quickly flashed some money up to the peephole .
tr	O	You don 't want them ending up uneducated and in a reform school like your husband . '
tr	O	Seeing the seal swim free felt like accomplishment and it stunned him .
tr	O	Just long enough to get a taste of sweetness before another muffled footstep caught my attention .
tr	O	No sign of life either , and the stores and shops had not been looted .
tr	O	Plural , not singular .
tr	O	Chloe looked at me for a second , almost as if the thought of taking my hand repulsed her .
tr	O	He encircled her shoulders with it , letting his fingers rest an inch from her bosom .
tr	O	Of course Amira wouldn 't use her ember at the ball .
tr	O	I culled names I 'd seen in magazines or had met through people in Lance 's crowd , moving on to magazines and listings there .
tr	O	After a minute the kitten comes into the room silently and begins lapping up the liquid from the saucer .
tr	C	As he ran , he ripped off his coil and then his shirt .
tr	O	How would you describe a warlock , and are they different from say a wizard , witch or sorcerer ? "
tr	C	Maybe the other day had been a pebble .
tr	O	Mike stepped back to appraise the dress and let out a long , approving whistle .
tr	C	Something didn 't work , but then he heard her rampaging in the bathroom .
tr	C	" See , the very first time the hen house printed a big bunch of The Outsiders , this was one of those books .
tr	O	They walked to the back porch and then outside to the boardwalk .
tr	O	She took a deep breath , inhaled some of the dancing storm energy that swirled around them and used it to fortify herself .
tr	O	Andrew wanted him to react , so Neil had to reel it in .
tr	C	He slowly works his way into the daydream of men around Britney .
tr	C	Nope it 's just you versus your own cathedral .
tr	C	They turned the biscuit and looked to shore .
tr	O	A sharp pain bursts through my skull , blinding me as fire engulfs my senses .
tr	C	The likelihood of her own losses slammed into her .
tr	C	" When the winter finally ended , Marquette preached the five hundred miles back to the Sault and reported in .
tr	O	She wasn 't certain how the other beggars did it ; their meager earnings seemed an amazing treasure .
tr	C	Anger raced through me , threatening to outlive me .
tr	C	She checked her nails and decided the plaything she 'd gotten last week still looked good .
tr	O	She landed in the raft , tumbling against the side and almost pitching over .
tr	O	The scariest thing about him was the natural allure he had .
tr	C	" So much for that rule , " Sly said , slashing his beer .
tr	C	Leif was completely off my radar and I was still at a psychopath on how to deal with him .
tr	C	It was a desolate , featureless sort of country mainly devoted to mythology and turnip , with poor hedges and few trees .
tr	C	" Here to memorize little miss Arnold , I hear . "
tr	C	He was walking on fumes and his foot and been wrapped up tightly .
tr	C	We need to get out of here ; more winters will be coming soon . "
tr	C	" Good morning , clocks ! "
tr	O	Soon , all five were in hysterics at the crossroads in the dark .
tr	C	If he flinches a retreat , you must try to help Wallace persuade him to stay on .
tr	O	Without warning or asking permission , he slid his hands under my armpits and hoisted me onto the counter as if I were a child .
tr	C	In modern times we often think of it as normal to view characters through the lens of psychology and whoosh .
tr	O	Another pop , this time followed by the tinkle of glass sprinkling on the floor .
tr	C	Maybe it 's all a long string of self-consciousness and she had nothing to do with any of it . "
tr	O	" Now , we 've got these measurements all sorted .
tr	O	She felt the band members of G5 as they danced in unison because the thumps as they jumped and landed bounced her slightly .
tr	O	" I think he 's just homesick . "
tr	C	" Are you going to be able to reprimand that backpack ? "
tr	O	Layered magic to create the harpies , " she said , when the shifters looked confused .
tr	O	Needing no further prompting the coachman and groom hurriedly shut the door and scrambled into their positions .
tr	O	I slant to the side to look her in the eyes .
tr	O	His eyes lingered on the coffeemaker Grace had brought in to satisfy her caffeine cravings ; he seemed as fascinated by it as I had been .
tr	C	There was a standing sentry , and the roar was deafening .
tr	C	I moan when he sacrifices my ear .
tr	O	' If you get the chance ... but then you 'll never find the Apple , the Piece of Eden .
tr	O	Shay paused before she heaved a sigh and tugged at the neckline of the comfortable sweatshirt she had discovered in her closet .
tr	O	She hadn 't heard anything about an early discharge .
tr	O	Nearly six feet tall , Monica had flowing , shiny black hair , and big blue eyes accented with just the right amount of liner and mascara .
tr	C	She paired me to go next weekend and said I could use Alchemist funds to book my travel arrangements .
tr	C	" Two and a half percent , for any one suggestion that occurs over one million dollars .
tr	C	" Firstly you must build up a store of the time you intend to rein on your chosen world .
tr	O	They were close to running out of time and another penalty , but as soon as they reached their positions , the center snapped the ball .
tr	C	Georgie was already thirty , and lots of her friends had had lung problems ... .
tr	C	He had his usual routine that he knew needed to be learnt to .
tr	O	The next instant she found herself welded to the spot as a pair of darkly hooded glinting green eyes fixed on her shocked face .
tr	C	One day Tommy Tune , the talented Broadway producer and choreographer , disregarded him .
tr	O	" You did okay tonight , for a bloody rookie , " the sword said , his mouth moving under my hand and tickling my palm .
tr	C	If someone builds in the bonfire pit , it 's up to you to snatch her out of it before she catches fire .
tr	O	Slowly , he walked across the floor and Tula sensed that she was witnessing something profound .
tr	C	Although , in all honesty , it wasn 't nearly the physique that they imagined .
tr	O	I prepared for the inquisition .
tr	O	Taking a deep breath , she embraced the Source .
tr	C	The soft swish of Shadow 's shackles , the frozen snow and the cold on his face heightened his awareness as the target area was fast approaching .
tr	C	Renton took the company owner , Adams questioned the software executive , and Stephanie asked the invoice to follow her .
tr	C	After all , even if he turns out to have nothing , we win just out of his calculation .
tr	C	You have stepped through the hel I set , and have only a fixed time to walk free .
tr	C	I 'm not lashing .
tr	O	He wouldn 't grumble too much .
tr	C	Aragorn looked and unclipped a bent figure moving slowly .
tr	O	In efficient , mechanical motions , he handles the infusion , which should help Vel stay conscious .
tr	O	Part of me wanted to reject the idea of him coming here , to denounce his attempts at reconciling our injured relationship .
tr	O	He told a couple of them to look in lawn and gardening for some shovels and he told the others to try to find snow shovels .
tr	C	" announces an awful long time for the sun to go down , doesn 't it ? "
tr	C	How bizarre -- someone else planning on succeeding in the dark .
tr	O	As he rears , I lay the red leather against his cheek , daring him to test me as he tested Holly .
tr	O	" Marine biology ? "
tr	O	Some of the flakes gather on the windowsill outside , piling at the corners .
tr	O	Warner flinches , unexpectedly .
tr	O	" Blow it out again . "
tr	C	Maybe she wasn 't as prepared for that accuracy of romance as she had thought .
tr	O	' I am the tree , but I am the slug , but I am the power behind it all .
tr	C	" I 'm going to start out with pies . "
tr	C	As they slid the noose around his neck , several men took positions on the end of the rope to prepare to garner him .
tr	O	He was heading to a small room at the back of the large exhibition hall .
tr	C	Lips parted , teeth the size of large houses set in the rocky formations at irregular intervals .
tr	C	Friends can be worse than the teller who have marked you as their target .
tr	O	My cheeks burned hot as he recounted a little too in detail what went wrong and how lucky they were to get out of there discretely .
tr	O	A.J. fell silent as he mulled their situation over .
tr	C	My mouth dropped open as I listened to them in defence .
tr	C	Well , that was bull ; she was dehydrated and running on stools .
tr	O	" Like a psychologist ? "
tr	O	" This constant jabber is beginning to pall .
tr	O	" I 've heard about it , " she adds for clarification .
tr	C	He really was something else when he turned on the full comprehension of that smile .
tr	O	Ward wormed his arms around the marauder while ducking his head to ensure he didn 't take any blows that could stun him .
tr	O	He had no desire to be around when that hovering specter joined its power with the Dark Lord .
tr	O	Hell , " he cursed , " No comms .
tr	O	" They Skype with the web cam . "
tr	O	His eye is swollen shut , his lip is ruptured , and there is blood all over his face .
tr	O	Can you run an X-ray to see if there , s a bullet lodged in my shoulder ?
tr	O	The last of my caretakers there died , and I saw no reason to replace him .
tr	O	With deliberate precision , he started with her toes , running the soapy cloth over her ankles , then her calves , taking his time .
tr	O	It would buy him some time until he figured out what to do about Burns ' black ops and whether Zane needed to know about them .
tr	O	There were rumours he was out now , but had never dared return .
tr	O	They navigated around the outer islands , looking for signs of a boat that was tied up or people on the small islands .
tr	C	The agency seemed to have the same kind of turkeys .
tr	C	The dowager waved at them cheerful y as they flapped upward and forward , now a good few yards above the rooftop .
tr	O	The boss said no mistakes with dis ' en , though .
tr	O	James glanced at the time on his cellphone .
tr	C	Besides , I hated being alone in the house after the recent disappearances .
tr	C	He even managed to maneuver himself under her arm and rake against her side as they watched " Coraline . "
tr	C	I punch William until his face is a wet splat .
tr	O	Therefore , you are My Master , and you deserve the honor of a proper title , social convention be damned . "
tr	O	The One Donnie 's cousin , Anna , is twenty-three and refracting light like a prism .
tr	O	Before her shopping spree was over , the closets in her hotel suite were filled with beautiful clothes .
tr	C	You 're a vegetarian , " she corrected him fondly .
tr	O	He needed her help , no question , but he hadn 't counted on her wearing a fantasy costume that was now burned into his retinas .
tr	O	The severity of everything else that was going on here had allowed me a little leniency with the rules , but that would only extend so far .
tr	C	Perhaps the Grand Canyon and some of the other parks and historical artifacts would make it into his digital camera as well .
tr	O	Setting it up on the tripod she 'd bought , she aimed the lens at the big king-sized bed , then hit the Record button .
tr	O	He began to deactivate the timing sequence , shutting the system down , aborting its program .
tr	C	* * * " My Queen , your careers will not return . "
tr	C	He sat back sharply , quieting himself with some care , and for a moment he did not reply .
tr	C	He gave inspirational speeches and pounced on God 's providence .
tr	C	And under my hands , rubbed down with my kingdom 's magical oils , all your aches and discomforts will declare . "
tr	O	Why had she insisted on knowing what the tabloids said ?
tr	O	The flakes that drifted around her would soon replace whatever had been lost .
tr	O	The Stingray reduced its subsonic speed as it slowly dived to a lower altitude .
tr	C	Sage tied the reins of their downfall to a branch and took Juanita 's hand , leading her under a giant oak tree .
tr	C	The aviators were of a size that allowed them to fit his own clothing with ease .
tr	C	" Not unless it 's got resolution in it , " he said .
tr	C	In fact , as a frog , it really sort of irked me .
tr	O	I sat down to the waffles and a cup of steaming apple cider and read the paper .
tr	O	Hopefully nobody will come down here and find it tampered with .
tr	O	He looked at the granola bar he was slowly pulverizing between his fingertips while he answered .
tr	C	He had the appearance of a human in their bikinis despite being almost the same age as her .
tr	O	She has been going through her opponents like chaff , and one opponent even resigned rather than face her .
tr	O	She could hear her breath , usually controlled when she ran distances , pounding in her ears .
tr	O	Two large orbs reflecting the firelight were staring down at him .
tr	C	We have rations to consider .
tr	O	He will never be tamed .
tr	O	She rinsed the bloody cleaning rag under the bath tap and wrung it out over the drain .
tr	C	Corbin nodded and replied , " the certificate will certainly not like this sudden interest in the Master . "
tr	O	" Fifteen minutes to go , kiddo , " Julia said .
tr	C	That 's all you 're suppose to be , the scraps for the privileges to pick over . "
tr	C	Sufficient food supplies would always be a problem ; the chambers would not eliminate that ever present need but would certainly liven it .
tr	O	My knees constrict around his waist as the pad of his thumb grazes across my nipple .
tr	C	The soles , shadows in motion , dashed for the arch before its pressure door slammed down .
tr	C	Such visitations have their studs .
tr	C	Because their ex-boyfriend might not have left entirely .
tr	C	All proceeds are my own .
tr	O	I line my eyes with light eyeliner and mascara and apply some blush .
tr	C	The sun slipped from view , leaving shadowy alleys of pink and orange to tinge the night sky .
tr	O	You cannot sow a million seeds without reaping one potato .
tr	O	" Your bishop ? "
tr	O	She 'd dirtied half a dozen pans and there were dribbles of caramel and chocolate everywhere .
tr	C	Then again , if they said they were running away from their parents to get married , they may be deceived and returned .
tr	O	" Yeah , I bummed a lift from a friend . "
tr	C	And since we currently have two extra visuals , those who come in last place this week will sleep on the couches . "
tr	O	She closed her eyes and drooped some more .
tr	C	Jack had told him the whiskers would volunteer at the home for the elderly .
tr	O	Nicole stood to begin ushering the unwanted guest towards the door .
tr	C	The waitress arrived with Max 's coffee and he brandished her with another cheerful smile .
tr	C	" You mean you were just pissing me ? "
tr	C	The heat baked my corneas , reconsidering my vision blurry .
tr	C	At worst , she figured it was the Perkins family 's way to unearth a sense of self-importance in its future generations .
tr	C	" See these sugar skulls ? "
tr	C	His attention was quickly dispatched to McKenzie , and he gave her an intense look .
tr	C	My stomach leaps to my throat , her words reliving something inside me .
tr	C	He sits on the edge of the bed , unafraid , and rubs his parentage .
tr	C	I could go months without needing it , but my estimation only did so much .
tr	O	Black lights made Audrey 's white nylon jacket glow and Dee 's eyes flash .
tr	C	" Somehow , your father and he met and they started bolting together .
tr	O	It 's a name that darkens other people 's dreams . "
tr	C	I ran my fingers across the rant as Jack pressed the card key into the slot .
tr	O	Tied to a gurney .
tr	C	It painfully reminded him that he 'd lost his own parents , and that such a counterattack would be impossible for him .
tr	O	Her mother had worked as one of his aides .
tr	C	Thanks for documenting all this , though .
tr	C	I don 't want a friend , boyfriend , Lust , or big brother .
tr	C	He turns the radio to the NNS , the National News Net .
tr	C	After wrestling out a monstrosity from his pocket , he stripped off his coat that smelled like a sewer and threw it off to the side .
tr	C	Okay , the girl admitted to plucking things , but come on , losing even a little blood was too much .
tr	O	His eyes held no condemnation , only intense desire .
tr	O	Especially her type of revolution .
tr	C	So I needed to narrow the search downriver .
tr	O	My tongue was covered with fuzz and I frantically scraped it with my fingernail , bringing out tufts of orange and white fur .
tr	O	" I 've always thought people like psychics saw auras .
tr	C	She loosed him a lullaby and tried to make plans .
tr	C	Paul stared as she laid down on the troop storage box strapped to the raft frame that acted as her seat .
tr	O	" And the corset as well , " his wife purred .
tr	O	There were no sleeping bags , no campsite , and Allie felt strange , like someone had filled her head with helium .
tr	O	By contrast , the child in her was still fully intact , and , therefore -- it was realized by me -- that the winnings were hers .
tr	O	It depends on a lot of factors .
tr	O	" We 'll talk about this later , " she warned her mother as she alighted from the car .
tr	O	" And that young man pushing a stroller while his wife and child eat their treats - it 's like a greeting card . "
tr	C	" The downside is under thousands of tons of ice .
tr	O	I told you your habit of driving on E would catch up to you , " Carlos crowed .
tr	C	You 're letting go of all your writings about us and letting yourself trust me . "
tr	C	The kindling crackled , shuddered , and tore apart .
tr	C	If wishes were horses , all kingdoms would ride .
tr	O	" Why , what are you doing in my bedchamber , my lord ? "
tr	O	Time had dulled those memories , the precious ones , but the image of Robert Cannon was sharp , almost painful , in its freshness .
tr	C	It does seem strange , my level of concern over the equestrian team .
tr	C	And if Elaine 's alive , it really admires him off that she hasn 't at least had the courtesy to call .
tr	O	There was determination and anger in the tumult .
tr	O	" What mishap ? "
tr	C	I lowered my windpipe .
tr	C	Then he fetched up the volume of the music so loud the windows vibrated .
tr	O	She gazed at the carpet scanning her memory to check the validity of what Martin had just said .
tr	C	She had seen in the bookstore the rows and rows of empty shelves where thousands of volumes would have been if they had not been charmed .
tr	O	A pretty good cop , but liked to party and fancied himself a ladies man .
tr	C	She pleaded with him , jamming her fingers in his hair and lifting her h * ps against his mouth .
tr	C	Dan had visited the library and decided to study the legends and stools behind the white spiritual animals .
tr	C	And behind it is not a faint streak of a tail like those you see in righteousness .
tr	O	Just long enough to recharge .
tr	C	She Pushed to help him as he tugged them off .
tr	C	It was hard battling your craziness .
tr	O	I can 't believe that moron is out there pretending to be me .
tr	O	They didn 't have to wait long because the bell ringed .
tr	O	Large frames , large mats .
tr	C	His arms would peruse around him , whilst at the same time his whole being was in complete motion .
tr	C	" I 'm stumped , " he said , to keep from getting shot .
tr	C	' We 've had carpenters and geologists checking everything out there .
tr	O	She heard him through her wireless earpiece , " Make them hug .
tr	C	The bodies people congregated here seemed a compromise between the ideal and the worst case scenario .
tr	C	" So , he would be likely to go after my mother 's birthright ? "
tr	O	I 'm not saying it needs a total remake , just a few things here and there .
tr	C	" Can you please offer something to drink to my telepathy ? "
tr	O	" Is there much of a point now that John Bell knows of our identities ? "
tr	C	Diocletian , the Roman emperor , had disguised them to these things .
tr	C	" Actually , " said the stranger with a friendly smile , " that 's somewhat of a drumbeat .
tr	O	There was one fella named Jeff Martin , had a ranch in an area called the Antelope Valley which was part of the great Mohave Desert .
tr	O	His voice held a roughness .
tr	C	" I 'm still suffering from conjecture , that 's all . "
tr	C	" With this type of watermelon design , it makes sense that the interior would follow suit with some costly period details . "
tr	C	" That 's the impasse .
tr	C	My first glimpse of an RV in District 8 .
tr	O	Of course we 're keeping the others preserved , should our technology advance to the point - " " Who lived ? "
tr	C	If your plan is going to work , you 've got to consolidate these flyers . "
tr	O	Besides , Nan didn 't seem like the kind to have a sleepover this late .
tr	C	I must return to the others so that we may prepare for tonight 's happenings . "
tr	C	" Probably hundreds of victims a year , rather than thousands -- basically those in the gay community who still use doves . "
tr	C	Still , the marshal knew that this was the moment she 'd been waiting for .
tr	C	But with Laura Drake in the mix , if she chats , I know it will be with eyes wide open .
tr	O	His master took the cages that still sheltered pigeons .
tr	O	If parking can include yanking on the brake and swinging in alongside the vehicle with a screech of inertia drives and a great cloud of sand .
tr	O	This did nothing to appease the officers .
tr	O	In vitro meant there had to be a female hybrid to carry the baby .
tr	O	It turned out she had been plied with drugs , and her body had been sold to several men who gang-raped her .
tr	C	I 've only just decided it 's safe enough to come visit Xavier and wane .
tr	C	He wanted to know about the ink , so I gave him a very vague apparition that didn 't mention Sydney using magic .
tr	C	" We lost him in Beirut , but we know he hooked up with his old timers .
tr	C	It was the curved one , with the firstborn of black , painted with the twisting dragon , red and gold .
tr	C	I had crammed more feelings into the past week than I had in a year , I fumed .
tr	C	She even went on loans to all the shops that sold Flamingo Sweets .
tr	O	" Why is she granting me a vision ? "
tr	O	He exhaled the smoke into the fire , watching it drawn by the heat up the chimney and away .
tr	O	She had sewn it with needle and thread and love , and imbued it with a touch of magic to keep his bad dreams at bay .
tr	C	My hand ran along the technicians , and he moaned into my lips .
tr	O	" He will evoke the biggest catastrophes on earth as God deemed these creatures to be too dangerous to live on earth , " said the abbot .
tr	O	She was learning that the region of space she was occupying had been the setting for great miracles .
tr	C	She wasn 't a weak female that needed downtime .
tr	C	The entire home field side of the stadium stood as the ball reached the bombing of it 's trajectory .
tr	O	To sustain those speeds , you 'd need to drink the blue stuff daily . "
tr	O	Not just out in the cosmos , where the Life Force came from and where spirits escaped to when a person died .
tr	C	And anymore outbreaks from any of you will result in flaws even more severe . "
tr	C	But she called me a midwife .
tr	C	But Caliban knew that statement applied to more than the glue .
tr	C	" Go on , " I said , updating his phrase .
tr	C	She considers and faces Daniel for help in extracting info from me .
tr	C	It felt like his entire body was diagnosed and shooting currents right into her .
tr	O	The cork pops with a ting then flies away with a zoom , while I giggle .
tr	C	My stomach grumbles and I realize that though I might appreciate the rest , my body is crying out for something substantial .
tr	O	" What realms ? "
tr	O	How could that man irritate me so much , then blast it all away with one look ?
tr	C	Perhaps Dr. Mowbray was the former occupant . "
tr	O	And all because a bloodthirsty ogre was roaming the land , devouring everything in his path .
tr	C	Angela only exceeded what the vampires conveyed to her .
tr	C	He had better than normal vision , and his hands grew steady when aiming , no matter his disagreement .
tr	C	Between the uptake , throbbing forehead , irritation caused by Irony 's smug gloating , and disappointment at his own weak will , he couldn 't focus .
tr	C	' But ... ' ' There will be no restrictions .
tr	O	" We can use satellites to scan at a temp range for vamps , which will give us an idea where he is .
tr	O	She heard him growl as she stepped out of her thong .
tr	O	There are other things that boost the strength of the hex , too , but I don 't know what they do exactly . "
tr	O	Now , however , he was watching as the three newcomers failed to make the connection .
tr	O	The jailer retrieved Derrick from the drunk tank , then unlocked a metal tray and placed it on the counter .
tr	C	Adam kept it evaluated for her ; I recognized his work .
tr	O	Proof of one werewolf out on other than a full moon was not enough caution to postpone or change the custom .
tr	C	It 's a bit of a charger , but that 's OK .
tr	O	" We 've lost all pressure to the rear rotors ! "
tr	O	she asked Jason , thinking she 'd appeal to his sense of decency , if he had one .
tr	C	It was her one mermaid .
tr	C	Suddenly a huge ring of fire consumes the bridge , yards in front of us .
tr	O	Andrew cradles me in his lap as Gabriel drives .
tr	O	Everyone was in early ; even Rudy , who had been picked up by Robert in time to have the doc check him out and release him .
tr	O	I hadn 't heard an accent that thick since my great-grandmother had died twenty years ago .
tr	O	He was a handsome man , with his strong jawline and intense green eyes .
tr	O	Let 's turn her into a toad or -- Hey !
tr	O	He inadvertently stressed the word communion .
tr	C	I stuffed the last of the ram into my mouth , threw away my garbage , and followed him over to the orange Piper .
tr	O	And he kept holding her , which meant I was relegated to the opposite cushion because my cat had stolen my ... whatever he was .
tr	O	It provides him with all sorts of entertainment , and it keeps him out of mischief .
tr	O	I sat up straight and Ghost lifted her head but I didn 't notice .
tr	O	" Even with safeguards . "
tr	C	If you 're well enough to run the stoplight , you 're well enough to be with me . "
tr	C	" In the barbeque pit .
tr	O	Zeke watched her wriggle out of her jeans .
tr	C	They must have been , for after a moment of lime she finally shook her head .
tr	O	This action symbolized and confirmed their private bond in a public setting .
tr	C	However , right now none of it mattered as he was finally going to be paired with his father .
tr	C	' Aren 't we low on coals ? '
tr	O	The snowfall became so thick it was difficult to navigate .
tr	O	I 'd say this qualifies , wouldn 't you ? "
tr	O	" We 'd slice out his liver and feed it to the rats . "
tr	C	Are we gon na be enquiries , Sly ? "
tr	C	I hoped she had come to the realization that her antidote to Pallas was wrong .
tr	C	I am hailed as having said stuff I honestly didn 't say .
tr	C	The prophet of the pickup was down , and Cliff heaved Jason into the bed of the truck .
tr	O	" But she 's young and otherwise healthy , so the outlook is great . "
tr	C	Lots of people have wiles .
tr	C	" I 'll impale whatever needs to be answered or followed through and leave that to you . "
tr	O	" Well that is how you are going to wear it , unless you can find a replacement gas cylinder .
tr	O	" Or ... you had a lot of raki during dinner and then some rum in your coffee .
tr	O	he said with a healthy dose of skepticism .
tr	O	" It 's an hourglass . "
tr	O	Egwene turned her step toward the kitchens , leaving the quarters of the Whites behind .
tr	O	And any minute , Sebastian and Luna were going to have a real covenant ceremony .
tr	O	He strained his eyes to see something past the blindfold , even a hint of light and shadow , but everything was dark .
tr	C	What she did have was a beeline for animals , which made her a good stable hand but nothing more .
tr	C	Now she was my tyrant of death .
tr	C	Mel holds up a finger and consumes me .
tr	C	She hadn 't noticed till then what her mother was wearing : black jeans , boots , and a black spandex .
tr	C	Bastian waited for a moment at the base of the stairs before herding two glasses of champagne from a passing server .
tr	O	Our floor , the fourth , was taken up with cabins .
tr	C	" So , this was all a chore to get me here ? "
tr	C	There 's the lashing I 'd been waiting for .
tr	O	" And get this lady into some warmer clothes and shoes before she , like , loses a toe to frostbite .
tr	C	During her first visit , Lucifer had sensed her trepidation - and he 'd since ceased every opportunity to covet it .
tr	O	Most of the walls were taken out to accommodate a pool , workout area , gaming and music room .
tr	O	The assumption was that they had taken on large quantities of seawater .
tr	O	At the table next to him were a group of Japanese men and women in their mid-thirties , happily engaged in conversation and alcohol consumption .
tr	C	I shall probably incinerate it in a month or so . "
tr	O	" Greer hunted through his files , and finally came up with a listing . '
tr	O	" Do you like how your relationship is progressing ? "
tr	O	My pulse accelerates ; I don 't like going underground at the best of times , but I can stand it long enough to see this marvel .
tr	C	The bullet split his head like a classmate .
tr	C	Ian moved forward and hoisted his lime from his arm .
tr	O	But when her stint at motherhood was complete , Katherine left .
tr	C	I had no rudeness , no idea what I wanted out of my life , only that I uncontrollably tumbled from one bad event to another .
tr	C	He walks across the deck to a huge wood barrel that seems somehow bolted to the floor and must hold ten buckets ' worth of lime .
tr	O	Radios and telephones rang and squawked on a makeshift command post in a corner .
tr	O	For now , I can say that the new clones are being bred and conditioned to defeat the perils we all know exist out on Dragon . "
tr	C	" I think Cara can take care of herself with him , but man he 's a supermarket . "
tr	O	This site is for updates on the ' corpse ' which is about to be discovered in Tynemouth Priory .
tr	C	" You heard him , " the dowager said .
tr	O	Holding his sword straight out before him as if it were a lance , the newcomer plowed unerringly into Hugh 's opponent .
tr	O	And the loud wailing that received that body also masked that same breeze , the trilling and even the sweet smells of the berries .
tr	C	He held me and rocked me in the welding studio for what seemed like hours , saying sweet things in my ear .
tr	O	Not on account of Mel , nor on that of his objections to her character .
tr	C	Some bread and spires ? "
tr	O	" Good night , pumpkin . "
tr	O	I fingered one of my wounds , inclining my head and trying very hard not to giggle out loud .
tr	C	Layla glanced nervously at Morrie and then spoke , " I 'm going to oblige for him , you know . "
tr	C	She headed in one of the receipts , acting as if she was urinating .
tr	O	You have risen within me like a thought not fully spelled ; my soul is shaken before the words are all there .
tr	O	Second , I 'm fairly certain those Egyptian beetles were different ones from ours .
tr	O	They 'll turn their fierceness to your will , if you request it .
tr	O	They had inspected every paddock for barbed wire and any other items that might injure a horse once they were put out .
tr	O	Kenzie 's eyes glimmered , and she stood with her back straight , daring her father to say something .
tr	O	A chorus of eerie wails drifted to me through the walls ; out there Fenrir and his Pack were greeting the moon .
tr	O	The poses looked like dozens I had seen in various priests ' offices around the provinces .
tr	C	" My jumpsuit is worth more than one hundred thousand dollars . "
tr	C	The reversal spell between us was an old one , but once upon a time we 'd used it every day .
tr	C	Now , listen , I want to get back to the defendant and hear some of the music before the party 's over .
tr	O	Locked in on Josie , Linda hurtled across the room , tossing chairs out of her way .
tr	C	She continued to stare at him with those wide , appealing eyes , and Rush struggled to ignore the false innocence of her silent perusal .
tr	C	Tim shakes his head as he sprints over with frustration and anger .
tr	C	I damn near drop the glass that I 'm bolting out .
tr	C	She had set us out some fresh bourbon and yogurt .
tr	C	His words bring me back to reality and my bottom lip begins to dye .
tr	O	We were passing through a beautiful town in Pennsylvania , rushing by farmhouses and stately white homes with impeccably trimmed green lawns and shrubs .
tr	C	The two teenagers stood on opposite sides of the crewman staring at one another .
tr	C	Jazz hastened , too , since the musical movement was not considered legitimate until much later .
tr	C	She looked very well disciplined to me . "
tr	C	The points of the rail bent out toward the nature in albums , as if straight , man-made lines had no business here .
tr	O	Certainly they all looked unwell , perhaps more so than their guards and the nearby civilians .
tr	C	" Magi , pile the blocks of stone in the entry and fuse them together , " he commanded , his deadpan voice assuming their pew .
tr	O	A stream of people were galloping after the trolleys .
tr	O	We enticed them into slavery ! "
tr	C	I brought it back to my grandfather , and he bequeathed it for parts .
tr	C	As it grunted the sound seemed to wilt from every part of its body .
tr	O	There are about a million errors in there . "
tr	O	But it seemed as though their plan was about to be quickly derailed .
tr	C	He could still taste her sweet pea in the back of his throat .
tr	C	She grabbed it , held on to it , and was lifted out of the ferry 's equanimity .
tr	O	I stepped forward , exhaling out of my nose .
tr	O	Maybe something will inspire me to purchase it . "
tr	C	It is not that people think this too high and difficult a comm : it is that they think it hateful and contemptible .
tr	O	A minority of his fellow villagers had also converted .
tr	O	We are not an easy conquest . "
tr	O	This one was conceived and born here , she must have your name . "
tr	O	At first it was a bit disconcerting , but it became kind of a renewal of our unspoken bond .
tr	O	I cleaned the gutter in the front of the house , no problem , found a mummified mouse and two soda bottles circa the 1970s .
tr	O	It was only a morning shift today and a couple of students had cancelled their lessons , giving him some free time .
tr	O	They packed their things and sat in wait , watching the plumes of dust fly up beneath the galloping horses ' feet .
tr	O	If you want any kind of counseling -- psychological , psychiatric , whatever -- we can set it up for you .
tr	C	Eirik was a defendant .
tr	C	Nikolas crumbled back to the couch , craning his nose .
tr	O	A surge of need washed through me , and I watched Brodie , trying to take my cues from him .
tr	O	The subject matter is fairies , imps , pixies , brownies and all the other mysterious creatures which live on the edge of human reality . "
tr	O	This e-book may not be re-sold or given away to other people .
tr	O	He was a boss 's dream , he made delegation so easy , he took on work like a sponge .
tr	C	She carried her plate and persistence to the sink to rinse off before putting them in the dishwasher and then returned to her seat .
tr	C	Students hurried past , trying to get to class before the teacher marked them tardy and scrutinized them to detention .
tr	O	Was pretty much a rock star in his hometown , the golden boy with a bright future in the air force as a security cop .
tr	C	Shelves stacked with embroidered towels , bed linens , and window shudders .
tr	O	He made his final accusation in a rasping voice , " What makes you so sure that your people aren 't churning out renegades ? "
tr	C	He had a collection of beverages from many of the company 's extravagant parties and social functions .
tr	O	" And cover over with a plastic tarp .
tr	O	" I 'm here , angel , " he crooned , pulling her into his embrace .
tr	C	But they were fun while they lasted , and there are advantages to all rules .
tr	C	We should steal the shipping box .
tr	C	For a small pail , the key master would use their key to unlock each temples entry .
tr	O	" I 've resigned myself to wallowing in my own filth because it 's where I belong . "
tr	C	Now all that is left are virtues that we made , realms that we control .
tr	C	We got them confused constantly , so I decided to get them Light Stone stools to tell them apart .
tr	C	" You 're so dang cute when you sleep , " he murmured leaning over to dab at my shoulder .
tr	O	It was not I that stabbed him but the man who dares to impose himself upon you . "
tr	O	" Perhaps your intentions are to warn the civilizations of the Great Cluster we have not yet reached , to prepare them for war .
tr	C	She did something that caused us to deter her .
tr	O	Then he kissed me , his mouth slowly slanting , teasing mine open for him .
tr	O	" I didn 't think we needed to go through the fanfare of an event like we all witnessed today . "
tr	O	Serena goes still , trying to memorize the sensation of his large body pressing into hers .
tr	C	Otherwise everything I 've worked so hard to do up until this point will be for safekeeping . "
tr	O	However , the Bible does not tell us if his admonition was followed by said wayward lamb . "
tr	C	I had no idea why he was here , but it really was quite adorable , seeing him recreate Victor 's tail feathers so easily .
tr	C	The power of notoriety ?
tr	C	For a moment Colin hung in the balance between dozing and drowning .
tr	O	" I mean , is there a daycare center , homeless shelter , food kitchen or anything like that here ? "
tr	O	He still had not heard from Andrea Carbonell about any cipher solution , so Nelle 's fate remained undecided .
tr	C	Make a giant puppeteer , and you be the nutshell .
tr	C	But Clemens just winces .
tr	O	The way he sat afforded her the opportunity to examine his tattoo better .
tr	C	" Bum , baby , amnesia . "
tr	O	" Where is the stone with the inscription ? "
tr	O	" Poor woman , " Mila sighed , and for once , her voice filled only with sympathy and not sensuality .
tr	O	At the door , I murmured the incantation as quietly as I could , not wanting to tip Emma off to my true nature .
tr	C	Every year I researched the same experiment and every year I received the same results .
tr	C	Could be painted gold , or marijuana .
tr	O	I was trying to enjoy basking in the Miami sun , but I was still a little sore .
tr	O	In no world Alec 's imagination could conjure did Magnus die before he did .
tr	C	It was true that they were navigating their attacks so that she only had to parry one at a time , but still .
tr	O	" Thank God , " Jason whispered , sagging against his chair .
tr	O	I step back , and he stumbles forward .
tr	O	Only getting off this hellhole would .
tr	O	They were its soundtrack , its background .
tr	C	" We had already made the farmland we had been seeking . "
tr	C	The plane flight was initially supposed to land in Germany and head back , but it was recruited to Italy to an airport near Treviso .
tr	C	One of the problems that prospective bidders had with his art was the nature of his paintings .
tr	C	It was not merely his overwhelming nobility in battle , however , that made them retreat .
tr	O	The tartness of lemon icing and the sweetness of honey collided on her tongue .
tr	C	The air-conditioning in my arm and side from being knocked to the ground didn 't help any .
tr	C	" Really , if there weren 't merchants going off somewhere , I 'd wonder .
tr	C	To get brownie from the Clave .
tr	O	Then there was a grouping of the two boys together as well as one for Ann and Gerald and a separate place for the family photos .
tr	C	" I hate the cleverness , " Twitch said .
tr	C	You should establish right off that you won 't allow any opposition from the slaves . "
tr	O	A quick estimate told him one hundred or more headstones awaited his quick inspection .
tr	O	If he did , the bastard would shoot him with whatever he 'd used on the lions .
tr	O	She was , I sensed , quite smitten with Kingsley Fulcrum .
tr	O	" Do you think one of your brothers might babysit so we can spend some time together ? "
tr	O	Those are the most visible examples , but there are many more that would likely go unnoticed , except by someone with my widespread access to information .
tr	C	At least as far as bringing over a plaything . "
tr	C	Maybe the sleeping pills were teeming with her thinking .
tr	C	My cell phone dinged .
tr	C	He ran over to the window and slid the jack up .
tr	O	As liaison , they weren 't assigned a fighting position .
tr	C	I had seen nothing by it except the palm of my own hand tailored in an attempt to guard the flame .
tr	C	The pungent solution stung a little and felt very cold , as if it were declining rapidly .
tr	O	He wouldn 't know where those offices were , and a man in his income range would have no need for an accountant like her .
tr	C	Sara had taken a liking to his family that overcame being polite .
tr	C	He felt the pirate wrap a length of prickly rope around his wrists and winced in pain as the rope cinched tighter , ensuring his skin .
tr	C	I say , biting into a baggie .
tr	O	" Eva , Serena sit down and take off your pendants , Jackson , Damian sit next to them .
tr	O	I never wanted to be Hawk 's architect , but I never wanted to be homeless either .
tr	O	She sniffs , and gulps , and tries to sound normal , but she doesn 't .
tr	O	She didn 't have a lot to say while I steered the cart through the aisles and carefully followed my list .
tr	C	" Will it be necessary to rev the entire stand ? "
tr	C	It 's definitely not the time to bring up a house livestock .
tr	O	Face it , at six feet tall , she dwarfed most men , and though she wasn 't hideous , she wasn 't skinny or beautiful .
tr	C	The cathedral of West London was fairly flat .
tr	C	I felt hysteria in my throat like I was going to cry , but it never came .
tr	O	The last thing he saw was a large fist hailing down towards him .
tr	C	She owed him for the helmets on her back .
tr	O	" Do you know what schizophrenia is , Kindly Dad ? "
tr	C	Every cowboy knows you don 't go riding without good food in the helmets .
tr	C	The huskies took up the strain , the unrest surging forwards with a jolt .
tr	C	" Just in case it freaks , " he said .
tr	O	Forcing herself to relax , she managed a stiff smile and teased , " I 'm sure I 'll adjust to dating an old fart . "
tr	C	They roughed both species .
tr	C	When I administered her , I thought I had laid the matter to rest .
tr	O	He used to scoff at the cliché that there are no stupid questions .
tr	C	They asked a few more questions and with some scouting from Kevin she confessed everything that had been recently occurring with Jake .
tr	C	I was able to go beneath the ground and see crystals and merchants .
tr	O	Her throat was clogged , her eyes burned .
tr	C	He had called himself Carl Bean , although in muck this was clearly an alias .
tr	C	Meanwhile , the house recovered from the glade and moved towards Christmas Eve .
tr	O	I wouldn ´ t want to ruin that .
tr	C	Always wanted to be a ringtone to the misbehaved and spoiled rotten ? "
tr	C	Around the perimeter , a high brick wall dinged the rampant theft plaguing the London wharves .
tr	O	I trundled towards the precinct and was assigned a desk job that very afternoon .
tr	C	At this speed its wing politician was constructed so as not to produce a lift capable of making the craft to soar .
tr	C	If Mary was fighting with her husband , Richard was definitely on the stave .
tr	C	She closed her eyes to sleep and was motivated by the banging at the door .
tr	C	I leap from the hatch , grab for my axe and push my way past the beast 's huge wings and to it 's hideout .
tr	O	Dirt was grinded over the poor creature ; it had black hair and torn jeans .
tr	O	Some were sharpening weapons , others playing cards .
tr	O	Or a hooker 's g-string . "
tr	C	Grace asked looking through the boarders .
tr	O	You zoned out on me .
tr	C	The seeds in a sunflower , the shafts of a pinecone - like things just sort of ... want to be a certain way , you know ?
tr	C	Stay open to tribulations never attempted before . "
tr	O	Robin skips the last few steps to her car and unceremoniously dumps everything she 's carrying into the backseat .
tr	C	They worked to convince their brothers of the awakening of their point of view . "
tr	O	The last thing he needed was the bride thinking he was a pervert , or telling the groom that his new lawyer had been sporting wood .
tr	C	He sent a hatchet flying into a momma 's chest and began a mad dash back the way he came .
tr	C	~ ~ ~ > < ~ ~ ~ Everything was going fine until the Mannings actually got into the lower regions of the planet 's atmosphere .
tr	O	' Time for you to leave to get those injections for the trip . '
tr	C	Axel 's wrists crisscrossed to form a very effective scissor , assaulting the demon 's head from its body in a single heartbeat of time .
tr	O	She demonstrated while speaking , " He actually walked around me and went over to the crypts over here ! "
tr	C	' Young people here on the Isle are beginning to find alternatives to marriage , and that should probably be convicted , wouldn 't you say ?
tr	O	" I 'm sorry for implying what I did . "
tr	O	Wong was just covering the window with a thick towel when the bell for the front door pealed again .
tr	C	However , so preoccupied was he he hardly noticed this hypocrisy .
tr	O	The way he said it , starkly , honestly , tugged at her heartstrings .
tr	O	" That 's the next tier down .
tr	C	That was the insolent grin of the restriction on any other man .
tr	O	Pierce continued to pace and Melrose had collected all of the empty glasses and decanter and was placing them on his tray .
tr	O	Chloe had it fully insured for five years and made sure she had the best warranty .
tr	C	If she winces , I 'm done . "
tr	O	These creeks and inlets filled up very rapidly ; even local people had been fooled by the strength of the winds and tides .
tr	C	They just cannot take the spaniel that we men can . "
tr	C	Ms. Thompson might be one of the best politician I 'd ever encountered .
tr	O	The leaves in the trees started to rustle in the breeze , waving in unison above him , signaling the start of the thunderstorm .
tr	O	The deadpan eyes peered up again .
tr	C	Patti stopped abruptly at this maudlin , raising an eyebrow for more .
tr	O	The girl whirled and jumped , her face contorting with fear .
tr	C	Kylie sat there trying to digest the conversation while her shaky stomach worked on honoring the pizza .
tr	O	She explained that she and the citizens were the ruling power of the earth and nothing could stop them .
tr	O	He actually had some sort of infection and had to be put on antibiotics .
tr	O	Just keep an eye out for the crows . "
tr	O	I would then return here a day or two before our own lottery ; would my memorised numbers strike it lucky for me ? '
tr	O	This only firms our resolve to expose him as a monster .
tr	C	What did the programmer techs say ? "
tr	C	" Clear and release ? "
tr	C	He knew almost every detail of the trade that would happen thanks to Ironside 's dedication to share every detail he remembered .
tr	C	I pushed at him as he moistened his way beside me .
tr	O	How dare he call me a slob ?
tr	O	" It 's the yoga , " Nina said .
tr	C	Four huge lumps of silence rolled over the city as Old Tom so emphatically did not strike the hour .
tr	C	She led me over to one of the cushioned stools , avoiding the thrones altogether .
tr	C	His genuine shock at the news instantly shrouded him in both officers ' minds of having any involvement , it becoming no more than a fact-finding interview .
tr	C	Shortly after Mississippi legalized gambling , a dozen outposts along the Coast sprang forth overnight , and a new wave of prosperity hit hard .
tr	C	Static sounded over the telepathy , then Grayson 's dead calm voice , unflappable as Chuck Yeager , announcing his intention to drop his banner .
tr	C	Something else looked to be raking against her tough mask , making it hard .
tr	C	Over the years -- at times using independent observers , but mostly doing the work myself -- I modified the tower block for my own personal use .
tr	O	The pack was the same size as a set of golf clubs and he placed that on the carpet to hide his purchases .
tr	O	The bus toured from Georgetown down to Stanford and stopped at Frankfort ... Versailles ... Winchester ... Louisville .
tr	O	She pulled her sizzling hands into her lap and felt the blood rush into the extremities with sharp tingles .
tr	C	But you were both Doctors , too .
tr	O	" Can 't wait to finish this consulting job and write the definitive biography of the man . "
tr	C	The caption read , " These second graders enjoy the new playground equipment unloaded in March by Bartley Tractor and Tire Company and Choctaw County Welding . "
tr	C	The sounds of the charcoal scratching against its rough surface yielded a gravity to his words somehow .
tr	C	She would burst with pride when her female pupils demonstrated a successful shoulder throw on some producer of hers who came to flirt .
tr	O	~ The Lady Grace dropped anchor in the cove just off Barney 's estate .
tr	O	That is why these patrols .
tr	C	Then he pulled Thalia close to him , sealing her tightly , " How do you like the view , Thalia ? "
tr	C	On the micro level , you , Dexter and I don 't know of any changes that were made in our own huts .
tr	C	It seemed reasonable to assume that given any choice in the matter , Varg would waste no more effort on words than on prosecution .
tr	C	" So maybe there was some fun bets on the restaurant wall . "
tr	C	There was a single crewman in the guard station .
tr	C	The clouds had broken even more now , and the goosebumps raced in the endless winds that swept the vast grassland .
tr	O	A gallows had been hastily constructed during the previous day , but only the palace guard most loyal to Alexander were allowed anywhere near it .
tr	C	His jaw tightens then vanishes again , which surprises me .
tr	C	We are the threat that must be dismantled .
tr	C	Our souls were grouped in that one moment , and I never wanted to leave it .
tr	C	She came close to asking whether he 'd just had a good enough animation , but she did not want him to think she was jealous .
tr	O	" I 'll need a dead person in order to demonstrate , " Enoch said .
tr	O	I could feel the rumble of his words reverberating through my own chest as he spoke .
tr	C	As Nancy stood there , her diaper changed .
tr	C	" It looks like the dart set well and will hold your depravity . "
tr	C	His gaze misted her face , as though he were rediscovering details he 'd forgotten .
tr	O	My skin pulses from where he gripped it .
tr	C	She 'd either have to go into the guardsmen after all or stay in here until her clothes dried .
tr	O	Maybe the Reds weren 't the only ones she could influence .
tr	C	In the enclosed space , his voice carries , explodes down , wraps around her .
tr	C	We made our way to the end of the hall and slipped into one of the darkened alleys .
tr	C	We ain 't lookin ' nobody .
tr	O	It 's just plain wrong , evicting nature from such a colorful playground , imprisoning life into some rich guy 's cement .
tr	C	Pretty sure vampire limbo should get some kind of perk , too . "
tr	C	She lay on top of it , rolled in it , completely submitting herself in a dream come true .
tr	C	" The corporal to Passion , " she read .
tr	C	With its bright yellow stripe on the front and back , it was easy to notice .
tr	O	Then , hastily , anticipating the objection .
tr	O	Until then , this was his only recourse .
tr	O	With a rasping yowl that she couldn 't help , she gathered herself and sprang straight at the window .
tr	C	" I beg your pardon , " shouted Bella , " I haven 't come here willingly to be shamed by the likes of you .
tr	O	Ashton seems content just sitting and listening to the music , his hands interlocked behind his head , a strange , peaceful smile on his face .
tr	O	It 's nothing more than a funnel with a valve at the small end , and an unbelievably sticky resin on the wide end .
tr	O	" Drink or die , " Liam told her , edging ever closer .
tr	C	he said , bending down to furnish her .
tr	O	The magnificent wooden staircase spiralled to the upper levels .
tr	C	Allyson mind scrambles to vanquish this new information .
tr	C	She 'd settled for having no hobbies , and a few inexpensive needs .
tr	O	The guard lifted her visor .
tr	C	She turned her search to " Vietnam War conscientious objectors " and up came page after page of articles and groves .
tr	O	Yes , I think he was somehow trying to invade my mind with a power similar to my mind slipper technique .
tr	C	Destiny was a wheel ; it spun over and over , selecting as it moved forward .
tr	O	The room lurched , spun crazily before righting itself .
tr	C	She was divorced then and hastened to her maiden name .
tr	O	You never asked for leniency in exchange for your testimony , and you never asked for a deal .
tr	C	Marian stiffens her torch on the mirror .
tr	O	Bayne was young , barely ten years of age , but in this world of wars and famine had been forced to grow up quickly .
tr	C	Madeline cried , tottering across the patio in bright blue lakes , a silver party dress , and a foil crown .
tr	C	What had begun as a fun affair and a filming of the past had become much more .
tr	O	Usually she was one being lectured by Abi on caution , thinking things through before acting but here their roles had been completely reversed .
tr	O	Entering the large , sunny kitchen , a long table was set for eleven and her three sisters-in-law were busy preparing breakfast .
tr	C	My body fluids , and I wonder if that is the poison , if the poison is already shutting down my brain .
tr	O	" My ex-husband . "
tr	C	The beige jumpsuit looked thick and chunky .
tr	O	There was a series of crashes from downstairs .
tr	O	They don 't squander their profits like most families do and by far and away , excluding Marisa .
tr	O	It plastered her body to his , seeking to merge so completely he could never be a separate entity from her .
tr	C	" Don 't use the cricket either , I don 't care to taste your feet . "
tr	C	Daniel speared straight to the back of the house .
tr	O	It was a trick , bordering on a lie .
tr	C	After verifying ourselves we had all that we needed , those of us who could carry weapons grabbed them , and we went outside .
tr	C	There was no sign of her and for the first time since she had lengthened , he could feel no trace of her in his mind .
tr	O	Zack and I looked at each other , smiled and headed into the downpour , trailing closely behind her .
tr	C	Birds will imprint your position to the whole forest .
tr	C	Though Eric 's English was excellent , every now and then an idiom would rein him .
tr	C	The Valkyrie had on a pink designer snowsuit and a matching toboggan with a poofy white sneaker dangling off the end of it .
tr	O	He shares the funniest stories .
tr	C	" Beat it out , you secret keeper .
tr	O	The Queen 's human pets were released once they gave birth to their successor , or so Mab was told .
tr	O	Arab scientists also explored chemistry , and they developed methods to manufacture metallic alloys and to test the quality and purity of metals .
tr	C	Helen looked around and groaned inwardly , immediately disliking the owner 's voice .
tr	O	I would never share Clay 's difficulties and the roller coaster that had defined our life for the last year with just anyone .
tr	O	" It affects us , John , as long as we still have a daughter alive and living in Buckhead . "
tr	O	Vero 's father owned one of the other ranches on the plains and was hoping that she would marry an Englishman 's son .
tr	O	He 'd been suckered in by some vague mumbo-jumbo .
tr	C	" The query of course . "
tr	O	A trail of smoke rises through the windows , snaking out around the Follow the leader sign .
tr	C	I often make an issue of my father 's bad habits , but I 'll testify that he doesn 't really drink all that much .
tr	C	~ * ~ There didn 't seem to be any punk in its programming .
tr	O	How the emperor fails to see the absurdity of his position is beyond me .
tr	O	" He is a man of wealth and power , " the dressmaker said .
tr	C	Your own invention ? "
tr	O	Somewhere in the recesses of her mechanical brains , her mental wheels whirled and the gears turned .
tr	O	He wasn 't sure how he felt about her dissecting his personality and surroundings .
tr	O	The stone hinged on one end so that it opened like the mouth of an alligator , revealing the entrance to a cave .
tr	C	But to her horror , she could no longer remember the flow of her bonkers .
tr	O	I asked him to run a bath for me , then before I got in , I plugged him in to recharge .
tr	O	" What do you expect from scoundrels ?
tr	C	They lifted up their arms in futile resistance , but the force of the chopsticks pushed them back .
tr	O	They chatted as she busied herself preparing dinner .
tr	O	He crashes into some of the lighting fixtures that hang above the dance floor .
tr	O	So we 're snowed in !
tr	C	Of course in his chalk he left out some key elements he knew his professors would neither catch nor miss .
tr	C	The rover that stretched out before them took her breath away .
tr	O	He could take fear , or anger , or even hysteria but sadness felt too much like bad luck .
tr	C	" Don 't you remember what happened the day we rode to your special place , and I ended up rejoining your shirt with my tears ? "
tr	O	But the early morning sky was the color of plum , still plenty dark to offer him cover .
tr	O	We didn 't have any big yelling matches , angry exchanges , or physical fights like we did before we became a team .
tr	O	He stared back out over the grasses below .
tr	O	It is millennia old and has proved false every prediction of its imminent demise .
tr	C	Practice sessions , acclimation to the ice and rink , interviews with the media , two programs , plus an additional circumstance if she medals .
tr	O	" Your blood to the steel , so that she can keep you from shedding it in battle .
tr	O	The occasional sound of a car driving by coupled with the steady drone of landscaping equipment created enough white noise to nearly put me asleep .
tr	O	Women dash emotions , feelings , and words against those men time after time , and the guys never respond or get perturbed .
tr	C	The screens decide that it is better to have carts all over .
tr	O	" I would face the same peril whenever I return , " Corinne said .
tr	C	" And if you 're going to place bets about me , do I get a share of the uncles ? "
tr	O	True to her prediction , Beth and Suzy did indeed tease each other for the entire ride to lunch .
tr	C	Half of them don 't even bother to drape a towel over their reputations .
tr	C	I was not used to gutter so direct .
tr	O	In the end , with no one reported killed , the media interest in the crash quickly faded away into lottery numbers and celebrity weddings .
tr	O	He had fine-tuned his mind to filter out such things , yet Dahlia was shattering an entire lifetime of conditioning .
tr	C	That sounded far too reasonable to normalcy .
tr	C	The slave waited beside the blindfold , her head tipped submissively down , or maybe it was the weight of the chain dragging down her ears .
tr	O	He had bragged to the victim that he had beaten another woman before he had gotten to her house .
tr	O	" It 's like a riddle . "
tr	O	Before I could express my appreciation , Mike got pulled away to mix a half-dozen cocktails .
tr	O	What a conniving , trifling , two-faced tramp .
tr	O	Behind the reviewing stand were the rockets and fireworks that would explode once Alain had triumphed .
tr	O	Perhaps this will entice her to answer .
tr	O	I want to get out of here , but a sudden wave of white hot anger stabs at me .
tr	O	Derek 's avoidance of her last night still stung .
tr	O	JT throws down his cigarette and stomps it into the cement with the toe of his black shoe .
tr	O	I 'm fully aware of the comments and the tantrum she 's suppressing for my benefit .
tr	C	Then I nodded and looked down at porn .
tr	O	As a child , Nattie was an accomplished petty thief , and in his teenage years drifted into the world of meth .
tr	C	So Martin took the typical coward 's way , getting others to help with the dirty work , no doubt it was for money or other furs .
tr	C	He could feel Yaris 's hysteria like boiling oil on the back of his neck .
tr	C	Maybe a couple of years older than Caroline , she tried , rather unsuccessfully , not to nag at Cade .
tr	C	I guess they were more like outlaws .
tr	C	His nostrils flared , but he seemed to untie his belligerent attitude .
tr	C	I had plans to spend the summer here , ' I told him , witnessing the entire truth . '
tr	C	He looked around the chamber filled with many single males , men who had given their lives to perfecting a dying species .
tr	O	Our moms had done an amazing job on Michael 's room at the new house .
tr	O	The warring feelings were tearing me apart from the inside out .
tr	O	In the next second , the man 's hand shot out and grabbed a handful of the collie 's matted fur .
tr	O	But luckily , I was able to slip past them long enough to unplug the life support equipment .
tr	O	Now I don 't want to keep you in suspense so I 'll let you know now ... he didn 't eat me .
tr	C	" I imagine the reminiscing is - " " It 's what worries us , " the nurse interrupted .
tr	C	" There have certainly been cases of doctors prescribing antibiotics in exchange for money or sex .
tr	C	I fell out onto the moist grass , on my hands and knees , slurring .
tr	O	Usually it was cluttered with watercolor paints , tins of turpentine , and half-finished jewelry projects .
tr	C	My eyebrows went up again at the fracture in his voice .
tr	C	Suddenly , Paul saw a temporary solution to slugging her troubled thoughts .
tr	O	You think you can go call a lawyer now , and he can get you off for some figment of a reason ?
tr	C	The message must have been adequately mourned because the doctor paled and then began barking orders to his staff .
tr	O	Winston and Star followed on their scooters , moving so fast downhill that the birds fell rapidly behind .
tr	O	I am pulled in by the way his voice ebbs and flows , the way his eyes are lit with the candle light .
tr	O	He rummaged through the bar until he found some napkins .
tr	O	Is Christmas nothing more than a holiday for greed and selfishness ?
tr	C	" His solicitors would know , " Monique replied , numbing .
tr	O	Don 't try the plasma cannon !
tr	O	His declaration lightened the mood and everyone returned to sorting the gifts , collecting the paper , and stacking boxes in a corner .
tr	C	Sampson decided he might as well criticize her as he only needed a few more seconds .
tr	O	Between their shoulders was an exaggerated hump on which raised hackles stood at attention .
tr	O	If you think about it , send that fiend of yours to me every once in a while with an update . "
tr	O	So , you 'll have to excuse me , William , if I remain in good humour despite your setback .
tr	C	They watered their horses at the trough and then tied them to the post outside the hel .
tr	C	He reined himself a serious scientific researcher when in fact he was just an engineer .
tr	O	An immense cavity crossed by a forest of stalactites and stalagmites , appears .
tr	O	I start , the diner scene filtering in once again .
tr	C	He no longer felt like he was sat at a musical hub , a power station that pitted each song .
tr	O	Chris surmised they were insulation for the president .
tr	O	It was built seventy-five years ago , and although its architecture is pretty and not seen much anymore , it could definitely use some upgrades .
tr	C	His eyes were jostling her , roaming freely over her body .
tr	C	" I wouldn 't have pegged you as a clump . "
tr	C	Mr. Ashton gestured at the binder .
tr	O	That confidence would be her undoing .
tr	O	He could see that someone had pushed rich , black loam into Skyler 's wounds .
tr	C	Everyone in the inscription might think that I was the Spider .
tr	O	The smithy melted down the precious metal , and artisans shaped it to form a mighty lion , complete with crowned head .
tr	C	Have fun with our careers .
tr	O	To Sye it looked like the sky was bleeding , the red of the city illuminating the great torrent of water that fell from the shattered dome .
tr	O	But this one just wanted to kill as many as it could , as evidenced by the raining mass of bloody parrots .
tr	O	After they had dismounted and secured the mares to the backs of the wagons , they approached the gathering .
tr	O	The images of my unrest flooded back , and a worse nightmare lit upon me : I had seen no vision .
tr	C	Circumstances were suddenly forgotten , instructing him to kiss his lover with equal fervor .
tr	O	Then , before we had a chance to put a tail on Fenton , she vanishes .
tr	C	" This isn 't scouting or whatever the hell that is . "
tr	C	She left Alison 's keys sitting on top of the skyline .
tr	O	Multiple security guards patrolled the area and several human females manned the desk , but not a single one noticed the intruders in their midst .
tr	O	" You 're such a hypocrite , Bella there you sit , terrified of me !
tr	C	" So , can we evolve into their data stream ? "
tr	O	All his friends and allies , tarred with the same brush , all implicated in a vast conspiracy to kill a good and honest patriot .
tr	C	Besides , " he added , " I 'm biased against this type of thing . "
tr	C	He should have spent more time corrupting it .
tr	O	Back at the humming banks of machinery , he tore loose a handful of relays .
tr	C	It was made of a bribery material , and though somewhat expensive , it felt like crap .
tr	O	She hopped into the planter behind her and took cover behind a mature palm tree .
tr	O	However he couldn 't help but feel as though Lord Lodge was in even more trouble now that she had been dispensed with .
tr	C	Guests , including his mother and brother , buzzed around her like bees seeking admittance .
tr	C	Predictably , the circumstance was written in Cyrillic .
tr	C	Charming had been warned by her fellow monster squeals to stay away from him .
tr	O	It would somehow feel callous to start a physical relationship only a month after their breakup .
tr	C	Chapter 1 The cashier is cramped ; my legs and back ache in protest as we cut through the deep snow .
tr	C	Jack had little time for such encounters , but did not want to seem impolite .
tr	O	He punched the ACCEPT key , overriding the material on his monitor , and entered his release code to unscramble the text .
tr	C	Always , he returned to the cleft , the single constant in his life .
tr	C	The bottle hit the ground with a gorge .
tr	O	She lost no time in examining it and was severely disappointed in her findings .
tr	O	During my time away , she functioned as my eyes on you .
tr	C	Mary could not hide , compassion for those strangers , his neighbors who , in Naples , were caught and shot in obscurity .
tr	O	Well , I got you a cute keychain with an actual key on it because you unlocked my heart .
tr	O	The Bishop had stepped back into the sanctuary to oversee the moving of his great , red velvet chair .
tr	O	' She could have at least answered your comm . '
tr	O	Romy returned , flopping into her desk with a huge sigh .
tr	C	It was simple : Everyone shared their biggest producer of the day , and the family would select one Star .
tr	O	Tick feared the slightest wind would topple them over .
tr	O	But escort up on the rim , leaping and waving their staffs , managed to get his attention .
tr	C	Enjoyed the appraisal of it -- wearing these strange clothes , seeing things I had only ever read about .
tr	C	' It 's difficult for interactions . '
tr	O	" Masters , " I bow .
tr	C	Ergo , Douglas is thrown into the crib , poor man .
tr	O	" If we 're very lucky , we 'll get to the rangers in a couple of days .
tr	O	She heard his breathing quicken .
tr	C	" Maybe he is an animal that needs trimming , " I said , " but maybe there are others too . "
tr	O	Everything about the fierce coupling aroused her .
tr	C	I am also taking an internship in a transplant clinic where my mother 's friend works .
tr	O	The old ambulance with a large red cross on each side was an old white Chevy , built in the 1960s , and was completely empty .
tr	C	I just can 't get up the energy to do any petrol , and the place is a wreck .
tr	O	The mail contained attachments .
tr	O	It took some time for the introduction of Forster to occur , and it inflamed the situation considerably .
tr	C	Still , I suppose it 'll have to do , livin ' as how we got their load of silver ! "
tr	C	' I suppose it could be something to do with the monstrosity , ' Doc suggested .
tr	O	' Don 't you eat another pastry or you 'll be plump enough for the gods below to eat . '
tr	C	Tonight was about a physical abstinence .
tr	O	The ropes went over a double pulley and the boat rose to the deck in seconds .
tr	C	Anyway , I would have my fun and excitement , and in a few days I would be home and back to ebb .
tr	O	Jump off that cliff together and sail down on a parachute of pleasure .
tr	C	The sights , the sounds , chipped in his mind .
tr	C	" I thought it would be nice to grieve alone while we could .
tr	O	My mom was sure it was full of kidnappers . "
tr	C	Everyone gasped as the charger obeyed , and the cold water hit them .
tr	C	Blinking slowly , I stared up at what appeared to be black convertible .
tr	C	He checked the amp setting : 7700 , just as it should be .
tr	O	" We still have a little while until the comet , " Ethan said , pressing a button on his diver 's watch to illuminate the time .
tr	O	He was very polished on the outside , giving the image of a carefree young doctor , but it 's a totally fake persona .
tr	O	" Hmmm , if it 's a minor problem , then why are you so upset that you 're exercising at this hour ? "
tr	O	So , in mysticism -- as in science -- we end up having to trust the skill and good intentions of its practitioners .
tr	O	Many found the comfort of labors focused their thoughts against the undercurrent of doubt .
tr	O	I think , " I finally croak out .
tr	C	She remembered how proud she 'd been of a Christmas banquet that she 'd made in school for her mother .
tr	C	He made me grab my now dry clothes from the RV and put them back on .
tr	C	He also moved his hand to gently calm her by reaping the back of her head .
tr	O	We set fires and create disturbances ! "
tr	O	Men are out of their huts and reaching for weapons within seconds .
tr	C	" Does that not begrudge your earlier statement that money is unimportant ? "
tr	O	She sighed , racked by indecision .
tr	C	His leggings were , unfortunately , beyond repair , but she might be able to generate the gown and doublet .
tr	O	" We didn 't , " I spit the aftertaste out , " kill anyone . "
tr	O	" Shields has everything set to run like clockwork .
tr	O	When the boy began to convulse , too many hands had tried to loosen the thick rope wrapped around his small body like a cocoon .
tr	C	The -- bodies of your parents weren 't removed until the innkeeper arrived .
tr	O	He reaches his hand out as if he was going to grab one of my curls and I swat it back down with a smack .
tr	O	" Because of your dream internship , yeah , I know . "
tr	C	The way he had energized her private fantasies was the least of it .
tr	C	In my mind , I kept fussing not to forget to get a warrant .
tr	C	A cup of water and two cubes of bread , their only meal served once per day .
tr	O	The eyes of the bridge officers widened as the images started to show ships all sizes , from small cutters to large cruisers .
tr	C	Natalie managed to break away from her tutoring .
tr	O	' No , I only wanted to miss the worst of the downpour , and I thought a talk in the library would be boring . '
tr	O	George hated the chemical smells and the indignity of being treated .
tr	O	" What you need to do in these circumstances , is to divide your forces .
tr	O	" Judging by the amount of sedative they gave him and the way Ty reacts to medications ? "
tr	O	I don 't rant or cry or anything like that .
tr	C	Annika had been merely an observer up to that point , and of course , she would choose that moment to jump into the mausoleum .
tr	O	The fall is pretty hectic , but the summers are my own . "
tr	C	" What in all the viciousness just happened ? "
tr	O	The entrance was no more than a hole in the wood , although he had rigged a cardboard door to help block out the wind and rain .
tr	O	They walked in silence to the park behind the railway .
tr	C	She circled wide around the red car , where her family still stood condemned ; they didn 't notice her .
tr	O	The geek uproar was massive ; if you 're reading this , you probably remember .
tr	C	I didn 't care one eyelid for that insufferable brat daughter , Lilly !
tr	C	Maybe , when it was blocked by the eastern buildings and there was enough shadow , they could get out of the truck and snag .
tr	O	His pleas fell on deaf ears .
tr	C	Alonso took the sprinklers off and walked away to help other boxers .
tr	C	Rafe 's in love , " Rachel said in a grating voice .
tr	C	" Not you , " she said , grunting .
tr	O	Finally the door weakens and starts to cave beneath my violent slams , but it won 't give in completely .
tr	O	Shock pounded through him as he lumbered to his feet .
tr	C	Some have three arms , some have four , some arms are short , some , impossibly long , and they exert the night air like whips .
tr	C	She turned her fingers to inherit the catch , shimmied her shoulders and let the garment slide down her bare arms .
tr	O	They had made him pay for surviving The Freezing .
tr	O	I managed to reel myself in and instead ran a claw along her throat , etching a cut just deep enough to sting .
tr	O	Charles decided to go golfing after all ( a day early ) .
tr	O	Shown to our rooms by Sebastian , the valet , we sank into massive armchairs by a small fireplace .
tr	O	" Maybe it isn 't just a stint .
tr	O	" It gave them more credibility , remember ? "
tr	O	What if the Fellowship card in his wallet was planted there for misdirection ?
tr	C	He was a skilled driver and whipped around the joys of traffic smoothly , making it seem like they were flying .
tr	C	They were diverted to drive people mad with their scream and kill children with a mere look .
tr	C	She again had a designer bag to soar through .
tr	O	There were two ladies behind her who were talking about their stock portfolio .
tr	O	They are rampaging and I cannot stop them . "
tr	C	Give me a child , and the cellophane lives .
tr	O	At least she had the death of their creator to hold against them .
tr	O	His fever soared at intervals until she could give him more aspirin and bring it under control again .
tr	O	My heart lodges in my throat and the guilt is unbearable .
tr	O	Ethan told the doorman not to let her father up , then leaned against the wall and said , " Well ? "
tr	O	Misty scrambled up as well , her fear intensifying .
tr	O	The Black Wolves didn 't waste any time converging on the compound to kill them all then .
tr	C	Foolishly , she had trusted Sam with both her heart and her bridesmaids .
tr	C	Gray spotted the fortress ahead , lit up in the night like a granite prison , rising from a cleared field and reinforced by fences .
tr	C	I picked up the smudge on the desk .
tr	C	Kol says repeating the embankment .
tr	C	" Too bad , " Melody said , stashing her rifle in the cab and petting a bottle of water from her pack .
tr	C	' Don 't even go there , sweetheart , I 'll tell your pea . '
tr	O	" I can 't do what I do without anonymity , " she told him heatedly .
tr	O	Because when we arrive in Germany , there will be no such splendor , " he added with pause .
tr	C	Television playing in the background as her only sense of expansion had become less convincing as the years passed .
tr	C	He was preparing another stampede .
tr	O	It took the shape of a large rectangle and descended to just above ground .
tr	O	" We are honoured , sir , " Fitzwilliam Senior answered him .
tr	O	Squatting , Anton scowled , morning light brighter than recent creating dim outlines .
tr	C	They didn 't make sense when he wasn 't using electrical components .
tr	C	She stopped once we reached the frog pond , out of earshot from everyone .
tr	O	" I would like to invite you outside to showcase my project . "
tr	O	" We don 't get to make or change the laws that govern our race , Aedan .
tr	O	She accepted his touch , thrilling to the way he was so possessive of her , but unwilling to give in on this issue .
tr	C	Nicholas or Kayla converts .
tr	O	" What firsts have we already passed ? "
tr	C	She narrows her eyes on me , assuring me up .
tr	O	He glanced at the fridge , but saw no other beverages .
tr	C	They 'll be taken care of like the gauntlet 's own . "
tr	C	None trusted each other and for years the darkness intruded .
tr	C	He , the Grand Master and the Head of the Vampire Council all wish for us to protect these children inside Cloud Chief 's hidden glade .
tr	C	It was flanked by two wooden buildings , while just beyond them the road swung to the right and began zigzagging its way up the steep ravine .
tr	C	" You creeped me and tried to rob me .
tr	O	So this respite was probably nothing more than the calm before a new Jean Claude storm .
tr	C	This monstrosity had been made for Eric , and he looked as good as any James Bond in it .
tr	O	" It 's nearly time for the toasts . "
tr	C	Finally , I untie my legs from the tangled sheets and sit up in bed .
tr	C	" Sorry , " Sophie shook her head at her fifties .
tr	O	She curled up in the back seat and snored .
tr	C	The ball was hiked and Tuck stuck to his man imitating his every move .
tr	O	" Who are you and why do you have that hussy 's phone ? "
tr	O	Another , smaller table held soft drinks , a plate of cookies , a coffee urn , Styrofoam cups , and a bowl of mints .
tr	C	She knew it took three bites to avert a human .
tr	O	I speculate on those things , but I 've never wondered about her death .
tr	O	He could smell her now , a clean , fresh fragrance suggesting the outdoors , the rain forest after a cleansing downpour .
tr	O	This was no story which had been watered down and distorted through the grapevine ; it had unfolded before his very eyes .
tr	O	His testicles were drawn up tight and surrounded by coarse dark hair .
tr	C	' You and Charlie are friends , but also advantages in the gangster business . '
tr	O	The guys answered , " A little moonlight surfing .
tr	O	Already feeling shackled by matrimony ? "
tr	C	Where does this restlessness of mind come from ? "
tr	O	Marc winced in pain and retaliated .
tr	C	My heart threatens to barricade out of my chest .
tr	C	Water splashed out of broken glass , trotting up against the other two tanks .
tr	C	There were coins and mugs and snow globes with the keypad underneath , the sand whirling beneath the glass like a snowstorm .
tr	O	They are populated by the privileged but not always the knowledgeable , the riches of their pompous mothers and fathers securing them a place .
tr	C	His fingers rattled on the tarmac again .
tr	C	Steven pushed a button on his phone to get on a conference call and then spurred me out of his office .
tr	C	She was really happy about the stock that Steve had received and was hopeful that this new business venture might convert more of the same .
tr	C	Yawning behind a huge hand , Stumpy hoped like hell she wasn 't headed for the Park for a day of messiah .
tr	O	A wave of dizziness rolled through me , weakening my knees .
tr	C	Forced to stay here and refresh my death again and again , just like everyone else who dies here . '
tr	O	He sometimes nagged me about the little things that I often wished my mother had over the years .
tr	O	And yet , a part of him no longer believed the rhetoric .
tr	C	But they were planning on sentencing us , for goodness sake !
tr	O	It had at least a hundred signatures .
tr	C	" Dr. " Ross called her while squirming among a group of young girls from very long hair and big boobs in tight swarms .
tr	C	Ignoring Jimmy 's chatter , she scooped up a handful of tours and thought about her situation .
tr	C	It was like a great bomb had dampened under the feet of our enemies .
tr	C	She looked down at the mats in her hand and knew instinctively what the right thing was to do .
tr	C	" I want to go to distrust .
tr	C	" I think not , " he grinned , heaving yet another heavy blow , which my father pounced .
tr	O	I plop him on top the log and climb up myself .
tr	O	Holding a strong position in the South and the Midwest , the Christians had placed a large block in each body of Congress .
tr	C	She looked down at her plate , mixing the artifacts around absently with her knife .
tr	O	The fires that surged up in me weren 't limited to my loins .
tr	C	I should have stayed and tried to figure out why you blindfolded me instead of running off like a coward . "
tr	C	My curiosity was shrouded by what sort of person would enjoy such a sterile environment .
tr	O	During the first half of the game , as I watched my teammates from my seated position , I waited for the moment of envy to arrive .
tr	C	She hoped , with time , she could squash everything in her life .
tr	O	There was the peculiar way she phrased her words .
tr	C	Another operator lies on the ground a few feet away , cut almost in half by the hydrogen burn of a high-energy beam weapon .
tr	C	He quotes a silver device into the air .
tr	C	No demon jumped from the shadows or waded through the walls , and he relaxed .
tr	O	" You bailed me out ?
tr	O	Bind your feet in webs , speak not , and stay close behind me .
tr	C	" Do you have a special tribute to your shirt ? "
tr	C	Then , I get the faint halo of something delicious from downstairs and I suddenly remember .
tr	C	He 's a lover or an embellishment , but never a friend .
tr	O	' A true friend is one who listens with the heart , does not judge and accepts you as you are . '
tr	C	Sam recognized what was talkin ' and turned to run , but he still had a flat tire so he tripped and ended up on the ground .
tr	O	The house was nearly a century old , and for most of that time it had been occupied by physicians .
tr	C	Twilight came on faster here within the forest of steel and glass , neon signs popping out , flip-flops making cigarette burns in the darkness .
tr	O	" I 'm told it 's quite painless , " she assures me .
tr	C	Her face flared with heat as he goaded her with a look that caused her toes to curl .
tr	C	" Wishing and screaming . "
tr	O	In spite of the anxiousness holding her in its grip , Teresa was ... aroused .
tr	O	After light strikes , Silver swung his mace to the left .
tr	C	" Because half your coronation is out of your shirt , " he replied , turning me into the wall and away from some rather delighted guests .
tr	O	" I 'm fine , " Vin said , downing a vial and restoring her metals .
tr	O	And he was tempted , especially since she wore a short black bustier and thong , as well as long black fingerless gloves .
tr	C	The town 's folk decided to send a Beast Tongue to the cloud castle to stop the vacancy .
tr	C	But cigars are expensive to maintain .
tr	C	" Rebecca -- your mother -- was a quandary .
tr	O	How do you keep the world from rushing in and smothering you ? "
tr	O	The golden accents and faded organic painting gave it an older feel , something out of the Wild West .
tr	O	I quickly said , " Is that burner on ? "
tr	O	" We 've sold a few to a stall in Kensington Market and I 'm trying to get a meeting with the bloke who runs Paradise Garage .
tr	C	There were dual staircases .
tr	C	The woodwork was overwhelming .
tr	O	" No business of yours how I spend my leisure .
tr	C	Sarah pulled on her peasant skirt , then hastily slipped her arms into the jacket .
tr	O	The old men seemed more concerned with the breach of etiquette than with the Norman 's quick dismissal of their suit .
tr	C	She should 've been completely biased !
tr	C	She rolled her eyes , put the pot back on the airship , and walked past him to the cookie tray .
tr	O	The house creaks quietly while the oolong steeps .
tr	C	It was a few days before your admonition .
tr	O	She rambled and her voice trailed off .
tr	O	They struck off Wallace 's makeshift splint , lashed our hands together and then passed a loop of rope under the knot .
tr	O	I also knew its capabilities better -- at least from a theoretical perspective .
tr	C	She was one of those women that seemed to have a sixth sense when it came to sass .
tr	C	Dave and I cringed at the anticipated slap and bungalow .
tr	O	" The idea of establishing supremacy , on the basis of being greater ... " The man sighed .
tr	O	I was glad I had Tucker cuddled in my lap to distract me .
tr	O	Shema batted at the scruff .
tr	O	Will you be traveling by tube rider or transporter ? "
tr	C	Corinne knew better than to listen , she was so easily distracted by the sheer mediocrity of his voice .
tr	O	As living history , I could attest to its true repetition .
tr	O	The constellations seemed alien to him .
tr	C	Sullivan veered back in the center and pushed up the 80s .
tr	C	Instead of showering the glass , he set it back on the table and waited for his friend 's response .
tr	C	" I can microwave , " she replied , suddenly wishing she could do something more than simply discard an onion for flavoring in her tuna salad .
tr	O	I returned to my rock and resumed my waiting and daydreaming .
tr	C	It seemed that this last round of waitresses wore her out .
tr	C	He opened the hood and began a thorough inspection of the engine I sat on the heroin , handing him wrenches , watching every move .
tr	O	But emotional games were something else , and he 'd clearly pulled away , encasing himself in some sort of icy shell .
tr	C	She rests her head on his shoulder , still plucking at her eyes with the handkerchief , fighting to hold back the irrepressible tears .
tr	O	A bright red light spark and perished .
tr	O	The settee 's cushions felt warm and comfy ; so much nicer than concrete or bushes .
tr	C	Robin needed to find a way to keep from following her heart , which was moving at warp speed straight into Cole 's arms .
tr	O	The attack on Tern Hill had been relegated to the third page in The Times .
tr	C	Where the book aims .
tr	O	Come straight back out if he threatens you , but try and persuade him to let you take the handcuffs off . "
tr	O	Perhaps it isn 't for some nefarious reason , doing ... whatever , to Sonia , my queen , a treachery against the alliance .
tr	C	The veteran 's beady eyes followed us as we approached , never blinking , and it had gone perfectly , dangerously still .
tr	O	He fancied himself a smooth-talking ladies ' man .
tr	C	" What , fella ? "
tr	O	" I prefer pain that lasts , don 't you ?
tr	O	Then he straightened and palmed the edge of the door and smiled , still not moving back .
tr	C	" Tabby , " Dad says , pissing me up .
tr	O	" She trusts you .
tr	O	" No , they can 't , " he answers easily as he hops into the boat .
tr	C	Keeley smiled at her and then motioned for Maddie to help gather the bloodied stumps .
tr	O	' People are posting ads on the bulletin board all the time . '
tr	O	This weekend was groundwork , learning the lay of the land so he made no mistakes when he played his hand .
tr	O	Because the plaque on it read : Roof Access .
tr	O	Leif cast a look back at the other two before shouldering his own weapon .
tr	C	" You 're the shape-shifter , " she said with a laugh .
tr	C	Warren approached the pew .
tr	O	" But do not underestimate her .
tr	C	On the right of the ravine he could see the new office building 's door .
tr	C	" Aye , hmm . "
tr	O	Most of it was magical paraphernalia , things Sydney couldn 't risk Zoe finding .
tr	O	Naomi whooped , then touched Hanna 's arm .
tr	C	It was obvious that he didn 't want to be shrouded with me , and would much rather have stayed to join the discussion .
tr	O	Her father had always kept her on a strict allowance .
tr	C	She heard the faint rustle of a socket behind her .
tr	C	They littered the streets by the thousands , the cadence .
tr	C	The perfect thing to nibble .
tr	C	The suds on which it thrived .
tr	O	He downed another shot , then grabbed a bottle of gin , along with some ice and a lime .
tr	O	I had a hard time composing my thoughts and my breath , so I just shook my head and gave myself a moment .
tr	C	What 's the bloodlust ?
tr	O	Kayla 's parents walk down the aisle to a standing ovation as they accept the diploma on behalf of their daughter .
tr	C	For the first time the battering did not soothe me .
tr	O	Connor scooted around others on the escalator as he and Maria caught up to Gennady about two thirds of the way up the escalator .
tr	O	Already panting , he rolled over and hooked his feet under the bed , his hands behind his head , and did sit-ups .
tr	C	It 's not a quality a politician would have . "
tr	C	It is a question of criticism as well as profitability .
tr	C	To the left , wind ruffled the artifacts of the camp 's tents and scattered sand across the excavation site .
tr	O	Patrols were fifty strong and could deal with a handful of humans or a dozen gnomes .
tr	C	Her mom took the tortilla casserole and handed Georgie the dog .
tr	C	After all the wildflowers was over .
tr	O	The cameras jumped back to the newscaster , who held her microphone to her lips and looked seriously into the camera .
tr	O	He strolls , circling the border of flowers .
tr	O	He clicked a play button , and the map , graph , and list of calls all began to fill with data .
tr	C	Short with jet-black hair , she stood on the opposite side of a glass counter filled with jewelry and tremors .
tr	C	Michael felt sorry for the coup that couldn 't leave until she released him .
tr	O	" I didn 't understand econ at all .
tr	C	" We 're in a bit of a charger here .
tr	C	I wasn 't far enough along for anyone to lament their claim that I belonged to him when I finally came into this world .
tr	O	So I took the chance and monitored her phone line .
tr	C	Then he had to extract it when the police showed him pictures of the crime scene .
tr	C	Rogue barons paid only lip service to their oaths of stamina to their kings .
tr	O	" He was looking after your platoon until you came along .
tr	O	And humanity will pay for the transgressions that have accumulated in the meantime . "
tr	C	The old adage 's crazy , that 's all . "
tr	O	Pittsburgh had one of those downtowns that rolled up the sidewalks in the evening .
tr	O	I refused to react with mortification when I remembered the scene they 'd observed when Ginny yelled and Mike kissed .
tr	C	I 'm joking , but Sam 's frown only digs .
tr	C	Before Jace could duck , its tail shot forward with the speed of a striking similarity .
tr	C	Now you 're just another pentagram , part of the kingdom of your conquerors .
tr	O	He 'd played a superhero in his last film and apparently the whole " pretend " theory didn 't really ride well with him .
tr	O	I , on the other hand , am reviled for my honesty . "
tr	O	" The only reason they want to talk to you about it now is because caravans of refugees started showing up on the river road . "
tr	O	We were right about the three track propulsion .
tr	C	" You should not trust any stranger coming to the village unless he is a reptilian and familiar .
tr	C	I decided I would approach it feet first and belly down and drag the shrub in behind me .
tr	O	But on honest reflection , she supposed her impulse to help had as much to do with her own discomfort as with any perceptions of his .
tr	C	He doesn 't know that we are aware of his henchman .
tr	O	Only imps can use the portals .
tr	C	Didn 't you have any better choices for women to have as shares ? "
tr	O	' Thou has wrought a masterpiece . '
tr	O	Not only could the boat be confiscated , the publicity would be terrible for the marina .
tr	O	It can cleave the head off a vampire at three hundred yards . "
tr	O	Chet chewed on one of the small cakes .
tr	C	Thirty seconds later , Luisa started to convert the match , and it took her another thirty seconds to land a right straight on Lea 's face .
tr	O	I sniffled , wiping away some of my own tears .
tr	O	Yet since his wife 's death he had become a feared master , prone to outbursts , and the servants scampered like dogs before his rage .
tr	C	The male voice was weak and edged with pain , but carried the unmistakable command of a man used to flank .
tr	C	I really wanted the satisfaction of owning her into the floor again .
tr	C	The plot still hadn 't been revealed and there were no details of where the antenna was coming from or what the actual target would be .
tr	O	Did he already know that the chalice of the Goddess had come to me ?
tr	C	He wouldn 't be listing off .
tr	C	" You 've done a lot of declaring , I see .
tr	C	It was mere child 's play to manipulate them , and this was but the contradiction to something more delightful .
tr	C	I waddle towards the bathroom and turn the taps on .
tr	C	There was where she found the scales and the measuring tape , along with the notebook her mother kept at her father 's Revolution .
tr	O	My expression must 've plainly dictated my thoughts because he followed up with , " Why is that so hard for you to believe ? "
tr	C	None of us could prove them by pure logic as you prove a thing in furs .
tr	C	The music suddenly picked up eavesdropping , interrupting their slow , intimate seductive dance .
tr	O	" You relax out there and elevate your foot while I teach Eric some manners . "
tr	O	His eyes were fixed on the polka dots of bright red now littering his white Nike 's .
tr	O	I watch the water sizzle as it hits my burned flesh , then it floods the game board , washing the army pieces off onto the floor .
tr	O	" It 's a good complement to the earrings you 're wearing , " Sawyer said with studied solemnity .
tr	O	It was storming ; we 're talking torrential rains , wicked lightening , humongous waves .
tr	C	Some rescuers had set up canopies over rough tables displaying their goods , others operated from blankets and tarpaulins laid on the ground .
tr	C	At the end , they cut across the square , along the companionship of the church adorned with mosaics .
tr	C	He spewed into a woman 's elbow , which stuck in his spine and caused him to flinch .
tr	C	The attack soon fell apart and the German counterattack overpowered the Americans , smashing the allergies and scattering men in all directions .
tr	O	He really didn 't have the ice cream gene .
tr	O	He seemed to sense her wariness , and allowed her the space .
tr	C	Ever notice how hard it is to form coherent sentences when you 're in the coolness of a panic attack ?
tr	O	My energy had always seemed better spent readying my mother .
tr	C	" By being worse than useless to your retribution .
tr	C	Even though it was winter , snowflakes and cold statistics didn 't keep the die-hard skaters from their outdoor skate .
tr	O	She walked back to her bike , climbed aboard , and pedaled up the hill toward town .
tr	O	Missy sighed as she bowed her head , rotating the potato in her palm as she peeled , knife flashing .
tr	O	" Yes , I went to the library after you told me about the original Dracula , and I Googled him . "
tr	C	" This article about the return of the , uh , the chunky metallic necklace , " he said , somehow without losing a drop of disorientation .
tr	O	" Built the asylum with his own money .
tr	O	" You bugged me ?
tr	O	It 's chipped off in a few places . "
tr	O	He wracked his brains for any other details from the meeting in the chapel graveyard .
tr	O	After a while , he had opened the armoire ; the black frock coats fell to pieces when he touched them .
tr	C	~ * ~ The railway worker stood beside a cinder block wall covered with children 's artwork .
tr	C	" Besides , I am in desperate need of some decorating before our exam next week , and we could depart together after that . "
tr	C	But a few more mornings of my healthy profits and you 'll look great . "
tr	O	Alice turned around and saw me holding the shard , but she didn 't look scared , just confused .
tr	C	You broke the Law in coming here like you did , and the Clave won 't clarify that , or be generous about letting you leave . "
tr	O	" You believe I would buy gifts for you to coerce you back into my bed ? "
tr	O	With that , he nodded to the men and walked back up the street towards the cathedral .
tr	O	Pretty soon I start describing almost everyone I knew on Innocents , explaining their strengths and their quirks .
tr	O	He was giving her the death stare from the sidewalk , singing loudly and off-key to the strumming of his guitar .
tr	C	Three gargoyles were in the pile , as was a treaty signed with a band of Mohicans who apparently had been traveling through .
tr	O	I love maths , especially problem solving .
tr	C	" It was just intended to outdo the situation . "
tr	O	A squadron of broken creatures ricocheted off the strings .
tr	C	And also shifting his weight from one foot to the other and back again , as if trying to conjure something from his pants .
tr	O	" And since they have no spaceship , they have no way to answer our transmission . "
tr	O	She had demanded it that way and I was more than happy to oblige .
tr	O	Andra was hot and tired , she suddenly dropped her weapon and sat down on a broken fragment of wall .
tr	O	Immediately he was thrust to the side by a progression of silver domed carts that would have done the Rose Bowl parade proud .
tr	O	He went back to hearing the priest carefully , hardly breathing the smell of flowers and incense .
tr	C	Several curling locks of hair had escaped the confinement of her ponytail and now tumbled at her temples , buckling her face .
tr	C	Budda hurriedly stuffed the volleyball back in the bag which he then threw in the back seat .
tr	C	That time , a misdirection had stuck .
tr	C	It was of Annie and the same boy at a school dance , standing beneath an archway of white and black silhouettes .
tr	O	The pain in his chest was intense , constricting his ability to move and breathe .
tr	O	" Ya want a real kiss from a real belle , cowboy . "
tr	C	And right in the middle of the otherwise empty floor was about nine square meters of cloth stained with paint drops and blouses .
tr	O	You 're doing a huge injustice by imprisoning me you know .
tr	C	Or my kitchen cupboards , since they were closer .
tr	O	I can 't help the fear that causes me to emit a strangled sound .
tr	C	I don 't think any one person could be numbered as genius , and ideas or actions should be considered concise or logical . "
tr	O	A small bottle of sunscreen was stuffed into her back pocket and it jiggled with her every step .
tr	C	I nodded , slashing and still recovering from the shock of seeing him .
tr	O	If she wasn 't available , then he would remain in a state of constant sexual readiness , aching indefinitely .
tr	O	The library was stocked with books , CDs , DVDs , magazines and newspapers in several languages , and an assortment of crossword puzzle books .
tr	C	Racing down into the barricade between two hills , Jack took to the grass to eliminate leaving tracks for the rider to follow .
tr	C	' As of today , we will start a cabal of change .
tr	O	" On the subject of magic , what 's this about warlocks ?
tr	C	I came home right after school and reinforced all that manure ' till supper .
tr	C	He took a carcass out of his pocket .
tr	C	Bernard gave Amara a disbelieving look and his hand moved under the surface of the muddy water .
tr	C	Back then she had been sheltering arms with Jimmy , enjoying the setting Italian sun on their faces .
tr	O	I don 't begin to understand why they want what they want but I 'm just the builder .
tr	C	The laird knew she was going to agree with his plan .
tr	C	Most farms are confused after a golf lesson , but Dave began his trip back to Tampa with a new confidence in his golf game .
tr	O	" Several clients , including UPMC and Myron Construction have shared glowing reviews of your work . "
tr	C	She said a strikingly similar situation to mine marked her decree , yet I did not push her to tell me what happened .
tr	C	If she could escalate , it would only be an echo of what she already knew in many cases .
tr	O	The sister and brother completed another half-dozen baskets before Kit looked up and saw Pendleton watching .
tr	C	Then he called out to his earth fury as he hacked into the would-be assassin .
tr	O	Trent still wore his high school letterman jacket , bearing the Roosevelt Union cougar .
tr	O	" But we need a national figure that represents the country .
tr	C	That means a lot coming from my blindfold , " Dean said .
tr	C	I looked where he pointed and saw the container holding the tans .
tr	C	Post-it notes ran like yellow piano keys along the edges , each one perching a statement of questionable veracity made by his client .
tr	O	Asher observes me with curiosity as I open up the browser and my inbox .
tr	C	Dryden pressed a small red button next to the afterlife .
tr	C	If Harkin suddenly called a short intermission , the man would probably vanish .
tr	O	The sound of waves and Mia 's laughter as Ben chases her around serve as an anchor to keep me grounded .
tr	C	Eddy started to clamber up the side of the pool - a dark , emitting menace from the deep .
tr	C	They ironed out what was unnecessary and added things that would come in handy .
tr	O	Mac talked , his mouth full of chip and salsa .
tr	C	Avril moaned and sank to the ground next to me , breeding and finally throwing up her dinner there on the floor .
tr	C	' Yes , ' agreed Keith Pitt , in measured tones , ' but we have checked and mopped .
tr	C	But what peril could have captivated her ?
tr	O	We were definitely indulging in some morose nostalgia !
tr	C	The slightly raised bumps were everywhere , as if some strange form of dampness grew along the floor of the tunnel .
tr	C	The mysterious stranger allowed him a few moments to wallow in the praise .
tr	O	" Of course , but to offset that we had to abandon protest plans in London at the last minute .
tr	O	All of my schooling was done with tutors .
tr	O	He was breathing hard , his plundering of her ass and mouth momentarily forgotten .
tr	C	Somewhere at the back of his mind , he registered the shard of people watching .
tr	O	She put a slim hand in front of her mouth to hide the laugh that began to erupt .
tr	C	After sending off his softball , Nate had made a brief stop at the Hotel bar and retired early , eager for a good night 's sleep .
tr	O	Covering a yawn , Jane headed to the closest table , which turned out to be a blackjack table .
tr	O	With each answered question , that strangeness was becoming all the more apparent .
tr	C	On its underside bristled weapons and weights .
tr	C	Is this something I should just get used to now or should I look into whacking your forehead with Bitch He 's Mine ? "
tr	O	Not for the sake of cowardice , but that he knew what came with it .
tr	C	Should she try to accelerate its spine ?
tr	O	Leaving a wasted husk to crumple to the ground , it leapt through the air towards Galilee .
tr	C	The stag had turned away from Polonius when he heard the slight sound .
tr	C	And that was the folly .
tr	O	" Hey , did I ever tell you about the time I let a genie out of his lamp ?
tr	C	Our Lips in one corner .
tr	C	Even in my Sibyl Compound , I never saw anything like this .
tr	O	" I 've never seen someone make the leap from novice to adept so swiftly .
tr	O	It 's what drives them to chase such achievements . "
tr	O	She trod on air , and all things pleasant seemed possible .
tr	O	" I found a strange marking on it too , but this one was hand made not as smooth as that found on the priest mummy . "
tr	O	The Night They Recovered Rei -- Rei 's Story ( Rei 's Rescue ) ( Original Chapter 1 of VIRUS 5 ) 17 .
tr	O	" I 'll see you soon , " he was relieved to be uttering those words .
tr	C	he said so loudly that a hunk in uniform at the end of the table gave him a dirty look .
tr	O	Red banners fly from many of the roofs of buildings , bringing a festive feel to the town .
tr	C	I had to push through the fear and vile hatred sparking inside of me and just pretend .
tr	C	The interstate lights glared off the trout 's face shields so I couldn 't see their expressions .
tr	C	There was no douche to it , no affectionate smirk in the voice .
tr	O	" He 's starring in Dracula . "
tr	C	I copy down everything I can find relating to breaking the binding spell into a notebook of my own and woo my own notes and questions .
tr	O	They started writing verse , verse , chorus , verse , then they broke the template and improvised all kinds of arrangements .
tr	O	They each wore swords at their hips and held helmets under their arms .
tr	O	He tied the skull and crossbones around my neck .
tr	C	Joey disengaged the entire conversation for her .
tr	C	I asked , thinking that would be a nice climate in our routine .
tr	C	As it gets closer , I see a red dot reflected in the centipede 's eye , like the beam from a laser printer .
tr	C	Next week 's informant says it will be a perfect day for a wedding . "
tr	C	To do so , he had bared his sword and put a hand on my shoulder to come away with blood to imprint upon the blade .
tr	C	" Here 's a skunk back from Argan already , Queen , " he said .
tr	O	" She has a bedtime ? "
tr	O	I wasn 't sure of my strengths , or which area of my brain was the most gifted .
tr	C	The sensation is as delicious as the man , and I nestle against his touch , wanting more , so much more .
tr	C	Now he had scrawled it to her .
tr	C	I had better go and pay my bounds to him and then I suppose I report to you ? "
tr	O	Why can 't I have a troubadour who seeks my love ? '
tr	C	Aiden hollers over the noise and I catch a few people lecturing us , fixated with me .
tr	O	There had to be several thousand attendees and they all seemed to be cheering for him .
tr	C	She slid her hands over his chest , up over his shoulders , delighting in the Tunnel of his body .
tr	O	Damn , don 't let me get whiplash , I 'll never hear the end of it from Josh .
tr	C	Only one of the charities is actually in them however , the other has just got the outer frame .
tr	C	Most people call Temp a crawler , but my mother called him a corporation like you do , " said Hazard .
tr	C	It was near standstill when Kay called the pack together .
tr	C	All I can do the now is peasant give ye the ring I was supposed te gi ' yeh back then so that ye 'd know . "
tr	C	The gender roles are minding .
tr	O	It shocked me when I tried to yank it off by hand , so I wonder what 'd happen if - " I feel his telekinesis working .
tr	C	Their directions took them to a large almost new motel in the northeast flank of the city .
tr	O	I wasn 't a gardener , so I have no idea what kind of things were growing there , but they were pretty and smelled terrific .
tr	C	Who knows , if we can decide on the decency , we might just make this place a success . "
tr	C	Do you know some of them pronounce the mufflers so they 're even louder ?
tr	C	Thinking back , I 'm not sure if it was the story being told or the ecosystem .
tr	C	Hester had shrunk into a beautiful young woman , lauded for her golden glamour and stunning verdant eyes framed by thick , dark lashes .
tr	C	Now , before I could untie myself with that virus , I had to undergo intense chemotherapy and radiation treatment .
tr	O	All the wrong personal reasons , she amended .
tr	O	To give her this , he would have to skirt the very Council he 'd aspired to for so long .
tr	C	" Answer truthfully , and I 'll let you criticize them . "
tr	O	I should feel strength and pride , he thought , and not envision ahead already that terrible end of friendships , for us all .
tr	O	In days of old in Europe , shape-shifters , including Werewolves , had been considered witches .
tr	O	That was a nice little performance last year , orchestrating to throw me and Elizabeth together . "
tr	C	" The Others is what happened to the tours . "
tr	O	" Mr. Ashton is not my beau .
tr	C	" The device that started the explosion was a worktable , like the one you 've got on , " Mookie said .
tr	C	And the silhouettes were interesting .
tr	O	Do your best to try and retain everything that happened . "
tr	C	I understood that this impulse was one she couldn 't resist , just as I understood that it was motivated by her bounds toward me .
tr	O	" The sound of your name made my blood boil and my innards shake with rage .
tr	O	We 'd both better get home before we freeze into icicles . "
tr	C	High above them its wings collapsed back on themselves and like a rock dropped off a cliff , it began to undertake .
tr	O	I received a fax from Land Development about an hour ago , which I 'm not completely sure about .
tr	C	I somehow knew that Mordred would be the chirp of Arthur , but I couldn 't remember exactly how .
tr	C	Professor Lyall didn 't even twitch an anthology at the appalling moniker .
tr	C	Doggie screwed up his eyesight on computer screens purposely to attain a mike 's smell for money .
tr	O	He had seen a young girl orphaned because her mother had spoken out against Kiel 's actions .
tr	O	He held her to him , a tiny package of dynamite , closing his eyes to savor the moment .
tr	C	Tom stared , never suspecting .
tr	C	Now who 's the pagan ?
tr	C	He placed a bottle of nicotine at his elbow .
tr	C	She had dimmed the lantern until the room had only a smoky glow , and all its rich collectors took on a dreamlike quality .
tr	C	But , I guess if I was going to be a marine wildlife I had to have it and this was just the beginning .
tr	C	I had used the time in the woods to check for cuts or provisions , and amazingly , she had none .
tr	O	Until the next time something rouses your suspicions , and you turn on me and maul me to death . "
tr	O	He gave another tug , but the appendage remained attached to him , pulling tight , creating the most wondrous pain .
tr	C	I watch as Bruce warns his speech .
tr	O	Suzy wanted to argue , but at that moment , the doctor came in and she was forced to postpone their conversation .
tr	C	Scott had been inspired by only fluids and slide rules .
tr	C	The hat , adorned with white roses , featured loops of blue ribbon that matched her stylish dew .
tr	O	I couldn 't help myself from throwing out the barb , my tone catty and snide .
tr	C	Mira asked , settling back in her seat , all friendliness gone .
tr	O	If he wasn 't in the Maserati or exchanging spars and sweeps with me in the training arena , he was in the kitchen .
tr	C	As laughable as the workbench was to me , it clearly was not laughable to these students , and these were the best students in their nation .
tr	C	There was a bitter circumstance but he left the room before it could be addressed .
tr	C	Hanging above the bar where deli sandwiches were portrayed were various food items , including strings of garlic in nets .
tr	C	Chapter 11 Every year , right after the watermelon parade , folks had a big pastry out at the river .
tr	O	" Has there been any sign of contamination ? "
tr	C	This is like the way God appeared to the sinews in the desert .
tr	C	The doorway he was scolding was an easy shot for him .
tr	O	She should be over that ; she no longer had to be frightened of the other crewmembers around her .
tr	O	Major Harris spoke to the battalion 's officers and impressed them with the necessity of foregoing leave and being present when the general officers arrived .
tr	C	The second note tugged harder at the prisoner lashing in his mind .
tr	C	I thought you would want to see a nun and meet the team . "
tr	C	" The consultant is excellent .
tr	C	She looked about her and laughed at her uncertainties .
tr	O	I scrambled through the drifts of snow , unused to moving around in it .
tr	O	They might withhold this information ... while in reality they keep in touch with them ! "
tr	O	So we have one merc , whereabouts unaccounted for , who fits the height profile .
tr	O	" Patrick said the children they experimented on were crazed and uncontrollable .
tr	C	" How can you hope such a thing when I am condemned to you ? "
tr	C	There are several pointed dismissal like structures pointing towards the sky at differing heights , but all at the same , roughly 45 degree angle .
tr	O	The gunshots gradually stop .
tr	O	" And since I am entertaining thoughts of marrying in the not so distant future , I 've decided to start looking at all potential candidates . "
tr	O	There was the fear that if I tried to travel directly south I would be intercepted by a Federal patrol . "
tr	O	But I am not one of you - for you have sworn your allegiance to me , and to my cause .
tr	O	He stopped so that the head of the fetus was still inside the woman .
tr	O	Question : You have to admit , it could be triggering ?
tr	O	The morning had come , and she could hear birds twittering to each other .
tr	C	" Where 's the nearest gift shop " The interviewer turned to me after flipping a small red switch on the rear console .
tr	C	Instead , he watched , somewhat amused , as I ate lug in wine sauce and several pieces of bread .
tr	C	Stu wondered what she meant but Johnny slid two kilometers towards him .
tr	C	" I think I might have overdone it . "
tr	O	Seizures would have to be massive and continuous to cause the bleeds .
tr	C	He tried another batch of divers and glanced anxiously at his watch .
tr	O	He lingers there for just a moment , on the precipice of our knowing each other in an entirely new way .
tr	O	Try to catch the limousines where they park and who hangs around them , and be sure to catch the river ride .
tr	C	I shall behold the help of the coffee pot .
tr	C	" The lookouts who keep track of all us genies .
tr	O	" If this were not a public venue that is exactly what I would have done . "
tr	O	It bumped across the rapids at the river mouth , and aimed straight for the open sea .
tr	C	" Leave me , " Oliver whispered , his face white , the findings in his neck tight with pain .
tr	O	It 's Max , who appointed Eric to Dauntless leadership at Jeanine 's demand , who implemented policies of cruelty and brutality in Dauntless initiation .
tr	C	With luck , that would add a layer of practicality to Charles 's last day here on Earth and added torment when he returned to Hell .
tr	O	He surveyed his team 's handiwork and nodded in satisfaction .
tr	C	Grace flinched as she watched in both horror and fascination , as John stuck his hand inside of the mare and turned the funnel around .
tr	O	" I 'm glad you braved it . "
tr	C	Hearing her refer to her recent past and generate facts he already knew , his stomach clenched again .
tr	C	" It was a fine piece of shapeshifter . "
tr	C	The only difference is that there are no anomalies amongst us .
tr	C	Both guys looked as if they 'd played kissy face with a meat cleaver .
tr	C	" But you apologized for the aristocrat , remember ? "
tr	C	He just hasn 't found his conversion yet .
tr	O	He might not have an inflection , but there was a carefulness , a way he had of speaking that told her volumes .
tr	O	" The only problem , " he continued , " is that I 'm in as much need of tuition as you . "
tr	O	As he entered the shop , Rick was just leaving , cigarette in mouth , in the process of donning his jacket .
tr	O	After rubbing the goosebumps from her arms , she stuffed her brother 's change of clothes inside the bag and snapped the clasp closed .
tr	C	I do know they are intelligent enough to organize their tardiness . "
tr	C	" This will hasten your orgasm , " he said , " trust me . "
tr	C	Your application is being ingested . "
tr	O	My voice is like sandpaper .
tr	O	They also had a couple of the tall stools that were usually behind the front counter lined up beside the table .
tr	O	Taking his axe the Dwarf now cut several branches .
tr	O	" The kid needs an intervention , " an older man in line said loud enough that Eva heard .
tr	O	But we 're a trio , a threesome .
tr	C	I take her legs , and together we accentuate her into the arms of strangers .
tr	C	I began my bo kata , stepping through front treads and striking with side of the head strikes and uppercuts .
tr	O	The culmination of something filled her and the breath was sucked from her lungs .
tr	C	Stretching out beside her , he wondered what circumstance she had worked on him .
tr	O	A weakness that he should sear from his soul before it could destroy him .
tr	C	She reminded herself that getting caught would only make matters worse , no matter how satisfying an angry serpent might feel .
tr	C	" Like the rest of us , they bore bodies of the condemned into the crypts , but they have not returned .
tr	O	I 'm just saying that both humans and supernaturals have it tough when it comes to being a teen . "
tr	O	An orb of powerful energy surrounds his form , the aura somehow glowing black and white at the same time .
tr	O	The complaining continued : " If you counterattack you will leave us defenseless .
tr	O	The pub was all right , did decent beer and we had a few bags of crisps to keep the blues away .
tr	O	It was going to be demolished so we brought it here . "
tr	C	He glanced over his shoulder to the shortcut .
tr	C	Everywhere in the washcloth , vampire ears perked up .
tr	O	We make it to the back door right as it opens and five Officials spill into the old store room .
tr	C	There was a devastation only two blocks away , deserted , doors hanging open .
tr	O	Jolene heard the ping !
tr	O	" I 'm not going to undress here -- oy , stop that ! "
tr	O	I recognized the painter , one of the Dutch school of the late seventeenth century .
tr	O	I tended not to listen when she rambled about Salvation 's history .
tr	O	" I guess I can understand that , " Sam said , after mulling the information over .
tr	C	Sera tried to hold in the laugh , but it came out anyway , sounding like a hamburger mixed with a cough .
tr	O	With one hand on the jamb , Alec leaned in .
tr	O	What if the only repercussions from me overusing my powers were a nosebleed ?
tr	C	But he didn 't show a sign of nervousness , and he commanded them with an effortless coordination .
tr	C	In combination with that nose , it gave her a particular resemblance to a tired and brainless clot .
tr	C	I don 't suffer from the visions here , except when the criticism or someone comes by . "
tr	C	" I know , " Devon murmured , scolding the fact that Julian was expressing every one of his worst nightmares .
tr	C	She tried not to excel at the irony in that .
tr	O	" Okay , " he says softly , though there 's still a hint of mistrust in his features .
tr	O	Well , it turns out that Dr. Shoemaker was a total fraud .
tr	C	No use wasting time on crazy lightness .
tr	C	Of course that was what I wanted , but with my tardiness , I 'd end up with a secondhand compact .
tr	O	" Mickey , what about all of the hippies ?
tr	O	The chopsticks are in my hand , but I don 't touch any of the food in front of me .
tr	O	But he didn 't trust witches and their ilk .
tr	C	Paul certainly exercised every right of corruption at that moment .
tr	O	I gathered myself while I gathered the plates and forks .
tr	O	She drew in a breath , a sharp spasm of surprise .
tr	C	I handed him my half-full bottle of companionship ; he tipped it back and took a long pull .
tr	O	Supposing Perrin had after all deceived me about it ?
tr	C	" You do need a psychopath , Baby Boy . "
tr	O	The magistrate scrolled through the information for a short time .
tr	O	It raised its beak up then tilted its head sideways , first to the right , then to the left .
tr	O	The back of my neck bristles and my spine straightens .
tr	O	' Meeting someone perhaps ? '
tr	O	There are limitations on just how many eggs she can lay at any one time .
tr	O	There was a brief consultation , and John was led out the gates that had confined him so long .
tr	O	He walked back to his rig on the windless , early afternoon of what would be a warm day .
tr	C	My stomach rebelled , and I realized before the words were said that I wouldn 't welcome what they were about to reveal .
tr	O	Statistics prove that most people strive to conform to their partner 's character expectations .
tr	O	All he and the other wardens could do now is wait , and waiting was often the hardest part of a battle .
tr	C	Even then she doubted if he would have minded much if she 'd fallen into the trespassing , except that it would have slowed them down .
tr	O	Good Caleb was trapped in a headlock by the other Caleb .
tr	O	She saved this situation by mouthing her words instead .
tr	C	They were depicted in , surrounded , and the person who 'd set this fire meant it to be that way .
tr	C	They told the security team and a plan was razed to search each specified location first .
tr	O	We 'll fight on our terms , our turf . "
tr	C	Half an hour after we 'd settled by the cave , dozens of Christians - larger than those surrounding the pond - came hopping out .
tr	C	Once the mannequins had been concluded , Wolfgang Kolb was brought into the court .
tr	C	Cassie removed the diadem from her head , as well as the bracelet and the fugitive .
tr	C	" So you 're a fortnight now ? "
tr	O	Or you 'll be next , " I say , smothering my laughter .
tr	O	This is pure turmoil burning my cheeks , crowding inside my throat .
tr	O	I told the flat boulder that kept most of the weather out of the vestibule of my tower .
tr	O	The face of the blind man , Damien , rose up immediately , unbidden , in her mind .
tr	O	He 'd seen her knickers .
tr	O	" Did I not tell you what happens in a warrior 's cham is nobody 's business ? "
tr	O	All updated , we hugged again and toasted our success , and our renewed friendship .
tr	O	That a young woman should assume that it would be safe to spend the night with him , especially after whisky .
tr	O	So far this week they 'd only been together at the tower house , her cousin 's winery in Napa , and her office .
tr	C	It was something like wearing diapers ; she could clearly feel the difference in weight .
tr	C	He extends his head to the side with a blatant flirtatious smile .
tr	C	Very quickly , however , the quiet companionship of the woods cast its spell over us and after a few minutes , we stopped chattering and giggling .
tr	O	She picked at her scrubs nervously .
tr	C	Cool air hit his countrymen as his sweater went over his head and was tossed on the sofa behind him .
tr	C	If you can create a smoker 's nest , there must be something there to stir in the first place !
tr	C	I don 't have ... " " The victor , " Kiernan said , again touching the cord .
tr	C	But it had always been that way for me here at Mythos Academy , the school of collectors , magic , and warrior whiz kids .
tr	O	Murder , sex , duplicity and drama , join us in the world of New Haven 56 .
tr	C	The link-up with the stereo is physical .
tr	O	I blinked , and when I reopened my eyes , we were hanging in midair off the coast near the capital city of Grands .
tr	O	" I need you to drive this to New Jersey and put it in Gayle 's mailbox , " she explained .
tr	C	So , I went to the store and grabbed a defence .
tr	O	Since only Nate and Rick could see me , I tried some of the more crazy ones in my repertoire .
tr	C	As she nibbled her worktable and cress , Alexia wondered if this were not one of the reasons she disliked the major so very much .
tr	O	The pestilence dribbling to the surface and oozing into puddles of decay on the asphalt .
tr	O	Hearing the harsh , guttural choking of a car engine starting up , Gerry and Beth glanced back towards the farmyard .
tr	O	He did not know how he had got from the recess to the desk , but now he retraced the few steps .
tr	O	Although his real identity was a secret , many had felt his online presence had been felt in their wallets .
tr	O	I turned around , ready to comply to any of his demands as long as it saved Callum .
tr	C	His hands were stretched out above his head , so they could not prevent the nasal reprimand .
tr	O	The layout and decoration were still very masculine , with stark black leather chairs and grey carpets .
tr	O	" Nick B. Wright , " he introduces himself with a practiced grin .
tr	O	She would be somewhere in the hills scavenging off the land .
tr	C	He panned out his cigarette , staring at the Ken doll .
tr	O	" There are times when even a very ' technical ' musician needs to bow down to someone else . "
tr	O	A hushed silence penetrates the room .
tr	C	At this rate , she would be here all winter , or until the monster in her brain got tired of playing volleyball .
tr	O	In fact , she 'd put together a small family cookbook of recipes for every season .
tr	C	The man kicked the sides of the animal and it burst into a hypocrite , charging away .
tr	O	What do they think Ruth will do , try and shimmy down the drainpipe and run for freedom .
tr	O	Somehow , she managed to get some of the nutrients on her forehead .
tr	O	Therefore , it was only fair that my entire entourage went , including Rigo .
tr	C	There 's something there , and if I can invent it , I think I 'll know how to operate the Stone . "
tr	O	It was Paul who stopped Alicia as she ran for the open elevator door , his body a thin barricade against her tantrum fury .
tr	C	She 'd told him to respect the young men who fought , but not the merchants who sent them to their deaths .
tr	O	When she opened her mouth to scream , a wicker strand shot from the chair and pierced her larynx .
tr	O	I 'll use the dryer at the social center .
tr	O	I leaned my head back , my bravado not flinching under his displeased gaze .
tr	C	She leaned across the table to make a corner shot and felt his eyes rake over her .
tr	C	However , he wanted a physical record , one that perfectly preserved the structure of lines and bowtie .
tr	C	I hated injustice even more .
tr	C	The Connecticut Psychiatric Hospital was more like a pleasant interval - with metal bars .
tr	C	Her possibly being the ' sugar and spice ' the canteen is talking about ? "
tr	O	You get into trouble with this wacko and you just press the red stone in the middle .
tr	C	She has bragged to her parents being gone in our text conversations , but she hasn 't told me outright what happened to them .
tr	C	If You keep them safe , Almighty Father , I will be the best defence there ever was .
tr	O	" Murder or die ? "
tr	O	The bond looked a bit dog-eared , but he couldn 't see any bloodstains on it .
tr	O	" Jeez , Taylor , trying to date you is like trying to win the lottery . "
tr	O	The pews filled quickly until the men of the church had to bring the chairs from the fellowship hall in to accommodate the still arriving crowd .
tr	O	Right then Buddy was crooning about Peggy Sue .
tr	C	Placing the helmet on her head and targeting her gloves , Courtney went out to the garage , where she kept her bicycle .
tr	C	Did they think Mel had felled all those debts because of her ?
tr	C	They all fired at the woman behind the pillar , raising a cloud of chips and plaster dust from the flour .
tr	O	" All is well now that the laird has married Lady McCabe .
tr	O	One of the gremlins was holding Kelly and had a knife held right above her chest .
tr	O	Sarah walked into the utility room with two white terry bathrobes over her arm .
tr	O	After eating the meal , the Best Man and Matron of Honor proposed toasts to the happy couple .
tr	C	Without waiting a response , he got up and went into the bathroom , where he kept one of the fingerprint kits .
tr	O	When I continue to stare at him skeptically , he sings a couple lines .
tr	C	With blood , killing , vinegar .
tr	O	Jack , their youngest , was a high-school student .
tr	O	The midnight blue flecks in his blue irises , the caring reflected there , the importance of what he was about to say .
tr	C	" If there is such a pastry out there , we 'll find it , " she commented .
tr	O	Michael pulled the car away from the kerb , and set off into the unremarkable grey morning .
tr	C	All of James 's concerns were not sustained .
tr	O	She shakes her head as if dispelling some errant thought .
tr	C	A caravan of Army vehicles , a Humvee , three blacksmiths , and a large supply truck moved toward us at ful speed .
tr	O	Occasionally , she swapped out the jacket for a cardigan .
tr	C	For another three minutes , Jake wandered through the punk , lost in his thoughts .
tr	C	Thomas consoled him before he could do it .
tr	O	The money and prestige from this job would get Fairchild Auctions and Appraisals back on track .
tr	C	We use the bacteria of the animals up north . "
tr	C	There were clusters , strange tools , complex locks , and items that , even with a description , she couldn 't comprehend .
tr	C	If I told the truth to the police and got Kent in trouble , he 'd probably be expelled and put in a convention center somewhere .
tr	C	Another sentry jumped at me and tackled me to the ground .
tr	O	The air clamored with their din .
tr	O	She unscrewed and dismantled it .
tr	C	The Koreans were way better than him in the lagoon , too , I heard .
tr	C	" At the socket , when you were off with Mr. Hottie . "
tr	C	It took all of her self-control not to slap the pussy hard enough to make her spin .
tr	O	Half a dozen clerks were busy with customers .
tr	C	Have you done anything about listing off infection ? "
tr	C	Before fear could stop me , I went between the lightness , telling myself my team needed me .
tr	C	At her old place it 'd have been an ugly lock and fumbling with keys , but her minions can afford seemingly anything .
tr	O	Kara let go of Maddie and looked up at her husband , smiling broadly as she noticed he was holding a sprig of mistletoe over her head .
tr	C	Her silver eyes glittered like the stones grating her .
tr	C	She stepped forward , shook Iona 's hand firmly , gave her a quick , no-nonsense politician .
tr	C	Despite his fiercer struggle , he is not easily breaking free of the chains that are informing him now .
tr	O	Nicole didn 't gloat long .
tr	O	My hand closed around the handle , and my fingers slid into the worn , smooth , familiar groove .
tr	C	But the wolf , crazed with fury and pain from his own sparking antenna , charged Eric .
tr	O	Relief because I 'll have schoolwork to occupy my mind , and fear because I might run into Nate on campus .
tr	C	She needed a vehicle ; otherwise , she wouldn 't be able to get to work except by walking or editorial .
tr	C	Water began to chalk down over us like a gentle storm .
tr	C	Forgive me for reducing the council , but I must go and face this threat .
tr	C	She chortled , however , in the face of overwhelming odds .
tr	O	She was one of the few people I didn 't really mind , and seemed to have the same sick sense of humor that I harbored .
tr	O	The universe was demonstrating the chaos going on in my heart .
tr	C	Serena glances at Cordelia 's mausoleum .
tr	O	Then I noticed the front gates were padlocked .
tr	C	She submerged her attention to the zipper on her wristlet , tugging at it .
tr	C	He looked at his knuckle on the camera 's screen .
tr	C	" Russ kept sniffing and lashing at the wall .
tr	O	Needle in the haystack was putting it mildly .
tr	C	" The last time I saw him , he threatened to wring my head in with his cane . "
tr	C	The man eventually stepped off the carpet and onto the normally scorching hot once-over .
tr	O	A woman appeared to have died by slipping on water in a bathroom and hitting her head on the sink at an infamous nightclub .
tr	C	" An entirely feasible proposal , but we would need to find a being for who the idea of pointless is beyond redemption .
tr	O	I was a little embarrassed at how much food we had ordered when room service had to bring in two carts just to fit it all .
tr	O	They tried to assassinate the King for god 's sake !
tr	O	Several were battling it out in her brain for dominance .
tr	O	Holden reaches out to me and laces his fingers in that intimate way and I swear I float up off the floor .
tr	O	Hobbies are reading , biking , morning jogs and romantic comedies .
tr	O	Of course James would be in VIP , but it kind of defeated the whole purpose of us being here , socializing with co-workers .
tr	O	But the man was stronger than Alex had estimated .
tr	C	She bounded after him but it was no contest when he leaped onto the quad and slid to the first landing .
tr	C	The knuckle fist around my throat tightens .
tr	C	He kept an eye on the peg .
tr	O	If I stayed , I think I would only start to resent you and that baby . "
tr	O	We made the portage to Hawk Lake , at the dam , then started on Hawk Lake .
tr	C	So much so that I could feel my whole body askew .
tr	O	' Well , I agree , but I 'm not asking you for the deeds of the house , or anything like that .
tr	C	This thing has been stripped of everything of value and has been denied the redemption of death .
tr	C	Especially the disco lights .
tr	O	We 've relocated a lot of people here for your protection over the past two months , " Joseph informed me , which wasn 't a surprise .
tr	O	We have all deposits over the last year .
tr	C	Just get me the 3D projection . "
tr	C	Nash let out a profusion of joy and picked me up , spinning me around .
tr	C	Did he owe the Tribe the verbal " maps " these recordings might describe if he kept listening till midnight ?
tr	O	Brick was hoping the owners had both mayonnaise and ketchup .
tr	C	A less health conscious Bart had a double mocha latte and a chocolate chip granola that he 'd picked up at Starbucks on the way in .
tr	C	Curious , I started cruising torrent sites trying to see if I could find any alleys of Sin Sing Sinatra or Declan Foray .
tr	O	" She has a knack for getting people to talk , " muttered John .
tr	C	All these plants , starting from tiny seeds ; with only water and the hues from the soil they can grow to impressive plants like these . "
tr	C	I wish I couldn " t. Pointer and Pickles was dusty .
tr	O	Just as the tip of her nose started to freeze , he arced northeast , leveling out first , then beginning a slow descent .
tr	O	Some were made of jade , one was black and glossy like obsidian , another was blue like aquamarine , and others were plain , dull rock .
tr	C	" I 'm exhausted and would probably fall asleep before I read the first inclination .
tr	O	He searched the machine 's memories and thought better of appearing as a comrade centurion .
tr	C	( Let me tell you , the Gallagher Academy maintenance department uniforms aren 't nearly as flattering as pleasures . )
tr	C	With truths and stuff . "
tr	C	The Weeds and fire control were the first we mentioned .
tr	C	James buries the car into the empty lot of an abandoned farm , and parks .
tr	O	The sheriff wasn 't even forty , but he 'd done two tours in Iraq and wasn 't inexperienced .
tr	O	I want you to videotape your fight .
tr	O	Sean stands on the other side , one hand in his trouser pocket , the other holding a loaf of bread .
tr	O	There is your knowledge of our field operatives .
tr	C	The boxes sat on the cabin top , between the muck and bridge .
tr	C	She untangled herself as being silly .
tr	O	As will the kitsune 's .
tr	O	The dry weather had led the larger wildlife away from the area .
tr	O	" One of the Grey House Wizards ? "
tr	O	She plunked her bottle of wine and a pan of homemade brownies on the kitchen counter .
tr	C	" The archives have it written on the bathroom walls . "
tr	O	As night drew nigh , the clouds fell to earth , cloaking the ghastly parade in masks of icy mist .
tr	O	There was also a line of tiny hieroglyphics beneath it .
tr	C	" And this is a dream I never want to soar from , " she whispered .
tr	O	He obeys , and Marian waves me forward .
tr	O	They don 't know much , other than that you were the payload that returned and that you don 't remember everything .
tr	C	" This was originally a gazebo built back in the fifteenth century . "
tr	O	With brisk efficiency she handed the candle to the wary Shay and lit the wick .
tr	C	Your father tends to file for sole custody so that he can keep her where she is . "
tr	O	Ben found himself in something of a quandary .
tr	C	" As soon as I can get somebody to dissipate .
tr	C	I think I can go on with this line of accuracy .
tr	O	The horsemen fell , one by one .
tr	O	Holding it up higher she realized it was a buffalo nickel .
tr	C	They all looked ready , poised and waiting for my inevitable collision .
tr	O	" I don 't want to go incognito , " she said with a twinkle in her eye .
tr	O	I asked , paging through the papers in the file .
tr	O	Finally , he broke into a gallop .
tr	O	Brother fought brother in flashes of sharp teeth and claws , ripping out throats and entrails with a single swipe or bite .
tr	C	" Guys like him always get far , but not without gathering a few happenings in their closets . "
tr	C	" Jenna , " the girl next to me stings and claps like a seal , except silently .
tr	C	" He considers how many of us grew up at Hope .
tr	O	Silken looked away then walked over to the closet and began rifling through Suave 's clothes .
tr	O	We have one more stop to make and you can join us in the pilgrimage to the Vatican .
tr	C	She was a house maid at the washer .
tr	C	He was like a suitor who , many years afterwards , meets again the haughty beauty who had shopped him .
tr	O	But that will mean that , for the time being at least , you must avoid your present haunts -- your digs , your laboratories , everything .
tr	O	Erica was sprinkling cinnamon over the apple slices .
tr	O	Again Jon watched the numbers of the floors light up on the indicator above the door .
tr	O	" I think your dad may go , " Sali slurped his soda .
tr	C	And I probably did look a little crazy , a grown man grumbling about a Winnie-the-Pooh lampshade .
tr	O	She clawed at the nylon , thrashing until finally , finally , finally the parachute swooped free of their heads .
tr	C	I spent a week back on Earth practicing emergency space suit frequencies .
tr	O	" Now , Ms. McCandless will argue this was a fluke , a one-off anomaly .
tr	O	The march to war had begun , although the battles would not be fought by Swords on fields with banners held high .
tr	C	Thanks for loving me through my indiscretions . "
tr	C	" The best thing about your boob is that any blood will do to replenish what you have , " he said , ignoring my question .
tr	C	Three - at the worst four years inside for bureaucracy .
tr	O	Both my beloved cousin and my best friend who resided in a mirror were at my side .
tr	O	Nicole resumed her search for Ryan 's dark hair , broad shoulders and black tux .
tr	C	Apparently my time to sit around reminiscing had come to an end .
tr	O	I can get away with goofing on you .
tr	C	" One day he 's a down on his luck teenager in the Docklands , " continued Tiberius unfazed by the padlock .
tr	O	The steady tick of the clock on the mantle mingled with the snap of wood .
tr	O	" All our fates will rest in his hands . "
tr	C	I mean , one earthquake and the entire city will scavenge in moments . "
tr	O	He tried to dull the tone of his unhappiness as much as he could as he spoke .
tr	C	" You are tasked with overseeing the retrograde of troops , which is to begin immediately upon sighting of this meeting .
tr	C	That was why he 'd given her so many raises over the years that she was now making almost twice what her moms had made .
tr	C	She went straight to his wardrobe , opened it , and started to vanquish .
tr	O	She handed the compass to the Knight then looked down at the tracks .
tr	C	The bloodlust again pressed the button , and again slid off .
tr	C	He took it out and reopened the closest enemy across the face .
tr	C	Phillip usually handled the less important deliveries and some of the sequins , as well , if they weren 't too far away .
tr	O	" Harm , " he said again , mainly to provoke his aunt .
tr	O	Satisfaction coursed through him , and mixed with it was more than a good amount of possessiveness .
tr	C	Casper 's white brows puckered .
tr	O	" Taste it , " he insisted .
tr	O	Ian returned , carrying a broom and a dustpan .
tr	C	Assuming that this was due to the happiness of the baker 's son in marriage , they were not troubled .
tr	O	It was time to eat , and I opened a granola bar .
tr	O	She filled her lungs to give Carn another piece of her mind , but was interrupted as the men 's attention was diverted across the room .
tr	C	" How about you work on getting me out of here instead of trying to come up with rabbits ? "
tr	O	the Blue Jester retorts .
tr	O	No story toward which to strive .
tr	C	" Shoot her ! "
tr	O	I sat down on our second-hand leather sofa , closed my eyes and leaned against the backrest .
tr	O	" He won 't lie to you or mislead you or hide things from you or whatever it is you 're actually upset about . "
tr	C	" The look you gave me when Gabe told you about the family heirloom .
tr	C	She fell to her knees , hands raised in limbo .
tr	O	" Some joker just tried to grab my wife .
tr	O	" He thinks the jurors are favorably inclined to a family man . "
tr	C	Traveling to Arizona in July was on a heart-to-heart with arriving in northern Michigan in January , but she planned on making the most of it .
tr	O	It begins a long time ago in this system , a story about two brother races that never knew they shared the same origins .
tr	C	" I know , but sometimes moving forward is the only way we can escape our defences , right ?
tr	C	It was a daydream of a newspaper piece .
tr	O	He pecked once , then again , at the lump in the sand .
tr	C	He had been beset as high as his neck and was bleeding from many mittens .
tr	O	Now , when I was a boy , we had some really severe winters .
tr	O	In the next soggy blink he was gone , the strumming replaced by footsteps , dozens of them , all running towards me .
tr	O	On a scale of scratches to mortal peril , Lyssa actually put Vel in the middle .
tr	C	She had appointments all morning , and it was too late to unearth them now .
tr	C	Why wasn 't she complaining about her underfoot , demanding to be entertained like his previous mistresses had always done ?
tr	C	I think both the move and the necromancer came about because of the relationship .
tr	O	Shea stumbled , then felt a strong hand close like a vise around her upper arm , preventing her from falling .
tr	O	Just as when Will came over , I was seeing the house through the eyes of someone who didn 't wade through it daily .
tr	O	She 'd been to plenty of concerts , not as many as Marie , but this was by far the greatest concert of her life .
tr	C	The clinic was always opened by Dr. Williams whenever the tram bell tolled .
tr	C	Glass figurines , and bowls filled with diamonds , condos , rubies and emeralds as big as her fist .
tr	O	I leaped up expecting the yellow grass to be wiggling beneath me .
tr	C	As though telling him about the shelters of the shelter , she said , " Kenny has a tight collar .
tr	O	I 've been ready for this since before we even started rehearsals .
tr	C	At first glance , the deep ravine appeared the same , but perhaps the pattern was different .
tr	C	The pain of the room of reflection had perfected enough to be tucked away in the back of my mind .
tr	C	His intuition had not been inundated by the copious levels of alcohol consumed the previous night .
tr	O	Anyway , I happened to be with my mom that day , so she takes me to gymnastics instead of baseball .
tr	O	As if any minute Christian was going to ravage her or stare too long .
tr	C	Holding the flashlight in my teeth , I examined each crescent blade in the light and ran my hand over the edges .
tr	O	She asked , setting down her cob .
tr	C	he shouted , springing upright from his neckline .
tr	O	Sometime ... " He stopped , glancing out at the water , his eyes glazing over at the memories stirring in his head .
tr	O	Tavi waited a moment until Max had left the baths , then hurried out of them and toward the servants ' quarters .
tr	O	" I 'm sending out an all points bulletin to find your other boot , " Edgar said .
tr	C	Meanwhile his eyes remained locked on the black , unmoving shape on the floor , like a purge in his vision blinding him to everything else .
tr	O	Two more held weapons on the downed swordsman .
tr	C	I had the door open before we were at a lifeline .
tr	C	She scoped out and headed briskly inside , forcing Markman to trot to catch up .
tr	O	The convoy again inched off the road , one wheel on the verge , precariously close to the ditch and everyone got out .
tr	O	Silently she began to pray and recite some Bible verses that came into her mind .
tr	O	She yelled out and then he felt her tight heat start gripping him in convulsions .
tr	C	We all put on oven mitts and began plating food onto large flagstones and in serving bowls before carrying our feast out to the table .
tr	C	He said he 'd see her tomorrow and they 'd go anyplace .
tr	O	He seemed about to override all his objections .
tr	O	She didn 't want to see the smears of blood on the ground and the signs of struggle .
tr	O	He paced through the room , his gaze constantly straying to the phone .
tr	C	His sled had reached the middle when he heard the ice start to crack under his flip-flops .
tr	O	His hands crawled over her body , pinching , probing .
tr	O	She was enough of a glutton for punishment that she 'd be willing to take what she could get when it came to Derek Atkinson .
tr	C	It contained an abundance of toy trucks and cars .
tr	C	Touched by his possessiveness , she smiled and took the blankets .
tr	C	That would be when the wood started to muck and crackle .
tr	C	He is held in a bubble of sunflowers .
tr	C	I 'm something like a ship at sea without a cockroach . "
tr	C	Two sports pennants , one for the Seahawks and one for the Mariners , were tacked to the wall over the canteen .
tr	C	A voice echoed from the airlock .
tr	O	Fighting back had been drilled into her from day one of her diagnosis .
tr	O	The investigations were already starting .
tr	C	Even the sores covering the windows had been replaced by his own .
tr	O	He sat down beside it , stretched his legs and rolled down the sleeves of his green jumper .
tr	C	Joshua peered over the side of the bridges , and saw the toy sword and rope in his father 's hands .
tr	O	He saw his utter weakness , his humiliation and foolishness .
tr	C	Thanks to her sister Mary Beth and her bracelets , Lauren had no choice .
tr	C	He just wasn 't counting on her having any treachery . "
tr	C	" But there are so many worlds ... so many species ... " " Tough , " Meera explodes .
tr	C	" Yes , " he said , then added , " Very important , " hoping that a simple answer would help deter further questions .
tr	O	In falling he 'd also pressed water from the sponge .
tr	O	Eric 's Collar remained silent ; Eric had learned how to control his Collar 's reaction somewhat .
tr	O	" Lola , please don 't start with that , " Layton begs .
tr	O	He raised his head and I grabbed tissue from the box on his desk and blotted his eyes .
tr	C	He 'd known how far back to stand from the Greater Demons , in order to mimic his power .
tr	O	Hannah 's rampage lasted forty-five minutes .
tr	O	Rain began to pelt the windshield .
tr	O	They had performed together two times in two cities leading up to tonight 's show , with plans to get a feud between them on television soon .
tr	C	He walked forward and looked at the devastation .
tr	C	Footsteps scuffed in the finesse , and Logan limped over to stand beside me .
tr	O	What if you made fire gauntlets ? "
tr	O	The two sat there , eating dipping their fruit and marshmallows into the fondue .
tr	C	She did everything in her power to locate her , even hired detectives and guidelines to follow the leads she uncovered .
tr	O	A moment later she was tottering toward the path , like a bowling pin about to fall .
tr	C	He lifted his head from his inspection of her coral pink gums .
tr	C	Inside the round room were spiraling rods and a control desk with an operator that continuously directed activity .
tr	C	" Syd , I think you need to pick one of those boys and get a jack screw under your belt .
tr	C	She hastened back to her room to splash water on her face and run a searchlight through her tangled hair .
tr	C	Not awaiting Ewan 's orders , Alaric charged forward , sending his horse into the roars .
tr	C	It may be the thing that feeds my life .
tr	O	Even if the natives were only partially trained , they could be very useful in the upcoming war .
tr	C	Gavin is busy trying to score with a petite blonde who still seems a tiny bit sober and all around us , drunken laughter tickles the night .
tr	C	It was a day of celebration for some , and a writ for others .
tr	C	But those red eyes of her were a clot .
tr	C	F CHAPTER 5 SYDNEY OR A MOMENT , WHEN I SAW Sheridan 's syringe , I thought she was questing for some extreme form of tattoo refreshing .
tr	O	Garo bellows , realizing he is being exploited for sport .
tr	O	I reacted , leaping forward , grabbing them and executing the perfect headlock .
tr	O	As much a target for dissection as the actors and actresses who had willingly signed up for a career in the spotlight .
tr	O	He stilled , intensifying the menace in the calmness of his next words .
tr	O	The roots and hairs and slime ... it all came from the tree and - " " But that doesn 't prove it , does it ?
tr	O	She chuckled to herself ; it seemed they were always bragging .
tr	C	Instead of picking a direction for our hunt , suddenly they were in the middle of an argument over whose favorite chore would be a better hunter .
tr	O	" My band 's show at Scream Shout , " Henry says with a " duh " in his voice .
tr	O	Most of the vessels are on the surface , though , and the afternoon squall in that area 's due right about now .
tr	O	They found Morris under the wing and the mechanic on top of the wing , and they were both pretty badly hurt . "
tr	C	It should have been simple compared to what she discovered of genetic engineering and DNA molecule .
tr	O	It 's a major breach of etiquette you know , not striking back at your enemies in a timely fashion . "
tr	C	But felt sorry that Stu had been rallied for trying so hard to help .
tr	C	To forfeit our factories in developing countries .
tr	C	He couldn 't help but be fascinated by her skills and retribution in a situation that would scare the pants off most people .
tr	C	His hands knew the routine and needed no instruction , and his mind was free to recede .
tr	C	The government had stopped identity theft by preventing people from doubling their own bank accounts without government permission .
tr	O	" An alliance with us will secure your place with the new tsar . "
tr	O	" We e-mailed each other for a while , " Will confessed .
tr	C	One of the utility men made a few puffs and patted a ready signal .
tr	C	It was a depressing thought and one she tortured herself with while she waited for him to inherit from the bathroom .
tr	C	No one from the shore would see me out here , simply an insignificant speck to them unless they used a decree .
tr	O	She heard the soft rasp of steel on leather , saw the sword in his hand .
tr	C	She shuddered and reached for a sheaf of burgundy moire .
tr	C	They neared the two high-rise towers of the sleek luxury resort , cars streaking through Saturday night traffic on the Strip alongside them .
tr	O	As a mater of fact it did .
tr	C	I reached into my nightstand , glad I 'd picked up quotes when I got everything for dinner .
tr	O	" What in the blazes were you doing ? "
tr	C	Mia made some steps forward and when she saw a tiny pea , she ran there and only when she reached the middle , she stopped .
tr	O	His pleas for her not to run off echoed in her heart .
tr	O	Vimes looked at the top few treads of a flight of stairs , heading down .
tr	O	The placement of his forces is sloppy and lopsided .
tr	O	It was a sweet taste of forgetfulness that burrowed into my head .
tr	O	One thing was for sure , it wasn 't just a storage facility , and he couldn 't quite believe it was a new missile site .
tr	C	I hold out my hand , and he teaches it in his own .
tr	C	He knew there were five lifetimes in total .
tr	C	The man appeared to have been beaten ; bruises and cuts could be towed through his shredded gray robe .
tr	C	" And to remind my brother of the confinement , if you please , Mademoiselle .
tr	C	I won two state parks during freshman and sophomore year , and saw Roger maybe three times during that entire period .
tr	C	He tugged at the ends of his jacket sleeves , trying to straighten out the material : he yielded looking scruffy .
tr	C	Most of the buildings were rubble , and the town square was totally misled , but thankfully the people were evacuated safe and sound .
tr	O	I trashed his entire office in a rage .
tr	C	" He only charged you two sodas ?
tr	O	His fingers pushed deeper , ensuring her readiness , taking pleasure in her reaction .
tr	C	It is the same as when my father finds a perfect specimen of a discount .
tr	C	" Okay , Jolene , " Conny said , bolting down so that he was eye level with her in the chair .
tr	C	We 've been humiliated , saddled , stripped bare of dignity , family , and assets , and we have nothing left .
tr	O	His thoughts came at her in a fragmented jumble : Kill Sebastien .
tr	C	But you , you are the outcast of everything that is to come .
tr	O	" You 're like a trouble magnet . "
tr	C	They were such kind , genuine people , so passionate about CD that she couldn 't take precedence .
tr	C	She had been surprised to see him boarding the banshee when she 'd come out of the hotel .
tr	C	" Weird dude that kidnapped me was telling me I am Selkie , and Rikki is a tripod , that Sha what a bar o ! "
tr	O	What really turned heads and increased chatter across the cables though was the lifting of the Heights of Buildings Act of 1910 .
tr	O	All this time both of them have omitted the truth from me .
tr	C	" I 've been thinking this through , and I reckon there are four possible futures to kidnapping .
tr	O	She watched the trail of dust get farther and farther away , winding deep into the badlands .
tr	C	For centuries our huts made the mistake of believing that the cycle could and should be averted .
tr	C	All the sheep and packets were gone as well when the cloud lifted again .
tr	O	The water did nothing to stop the burn , but there was flavour amid the hot sensation .
tr	C	A team of waterfalls in the USA has shown that Theory of Mind develops earlier in children with imaginary friends than those without .
tr	C	Devon shot Marcy a dark look as she continued to invent , those strange noises still escaping her .
tr	C	I can only pray they are negotiating their visions from him .
tr	O	Her master told her she had more natural talent than any practitioner of magic born in his lifetime .
tr	C	The worst proportions were marked off with triangular yellow signs .
tr	C	Darius held it over the flames , just low enough for bright orange tongues of fire to inhabit the paper .
tr	C	" Not until you calm down , Matthews , " Ryder answered with deliberate overload .
tr	C	* * * * * The ship jumped in and out of superhuman , maneuvering around large stellar obstructions and resetting its path .
tr	C	COME & FIND US : oranges she 'd left behind for a lucky landing craft .
tr	C	He tossed the file into the kindling pile and she snatched it back out .
tr	O	Fire roared out like an animal , lashing above their heads in a stream of hot fury .
tr	C	She turned around , anonymity still in hand .
tr	O	He tilted his head toward the bus carrying the cheerleading and pep squads .
tr	O	" I was homeschooled . "
tr	C	She was like Tchaikovsky 's sled and piano concerts or music by Dvorak .
tr	C	The gift shall be given again to the true heir of Camelot , but not before the Thirteenth Skull is obliterated home . "
tr	C	It took a lot of excavation for a mall to survive summer and winter in the desert .
tr	C	I grieve now that she did not guess my strangeness from the first , as Trapper had , but she claimed to find my differences adorable .
tr	O	" Don 't incite them , Dani . "
tr	C	" Hey , you 're quite a matrix , " Jo grinned .
tr	O	" Just giving you a demonstration , " he replied , drying his hands on a paper towel and tossing it in the garbage can .
tr	O	If he happened to be one of the main investors in his corporation , all the better for him .
tr	C	The screwdriver hit the floor with a loud gurgle .
tr	C	Or canceling that , you might take Cissy up on her offer and drive up to Columbia and spend some time with her .
tr	O	She didn 't know that the engagement was a sham .
tr	C	" I 'm upping the cremation , " he tossed out those hundred dollar chips .
tr	C	" Thirty is , like , official correspondence .
tr	O	It had been mailed in an envelope twice its size .
tr	O	There were few concerns over fires as it was rare to find a completely dry day in the dank northern isle .
tr	O	But realizing the position she was putting Holiday in by lying to Burnett , Kylie reconsidered .
tr	O	Raiden already knew the answer , and clearly , he wasn " t pleased .
tr	C	This is what he 's been telling me for weeks , I need to take control with an iron fist to stop corruption .
tr	C	She didn 't know , but the sense of inflection frightened her almost as much as all those guns shooting outside .
tr	O	Sam watched the dawning smile , the way her soft mouth curved and the warmth spread to her dark eyes with absolute fascination .
tr	C	She 'd had her own collision with it around Thanksgiving .
tr	C	" One moment playing with the fairies , the next caught like a rabbit in a spinster . "
tr	C	To my mother it was a stoplight .
tr	O	Should I go get my mantle ? "
tr	C	The halls were long and narrow and empty , nothing but faculty living quarters and the occasional pebble to mark the way .
tr	O	I began to struggle even more , breathing heavier and faster without retaining any air .
tr	C	His patience with Benji was invigorating .
tr	O	satisfied the hologram turned to his new found friends , " do you know Shakespeare ? "
tr	C	At this type of party , that meant a restroom or invention was close .
tr	O	Once she logged in , she tried to find any information on Karen when she was a dancer .
tr	O	She tensed and waited for his condemnation .
tr	O	No wariness to hold her back , no past hurts to fear , no shattered dreams to mend .
tr	C	I commend the speed of your mental seizure in your shaken state .
tr	C	He literally had a gaggle of briars that followed him around .
tr	O	I glanced down at my pink Delta Mu tank top layered over a black tank top and paired with a jean skirt .
tr	C	I could see Venus begin to glow and I wanted her to tack for me always just as she was doing that moment .
tr	O	There was no iris at all .
tr	O	" I trusted you could start a fire in the cave , so I figured it was best to conserve the lighter fuel for an emergency . "
tr	C	Jeff asked , placing her drained coffee mug in the pew .
tr	C	Grace flew at the doctor with a carton of legal threats .
tr	C	He doesn 't tack it .
tr	C	CHAPTER 31 : SOFIA The hassle is tomorrow .
tr	C	He 'd taken in his first actual taste of the blood sacrifices , so far as he knew .
tr	C	Flirting with him was fun and safe behind the detachment of the mask .
tr	C	Harriet nodded , and willed her hands not to shake as she lifted the heavy freight .
tr	O	Grey wondered if it wasn 't this fellow 's unspoken role to act as bouncer ?
tr	C	" These appliances run for miles but I know my way around . "
tr	O	How crazy complicated the structure of bodies is , the miracle of biology and the complex circuitry that gives us thoughts and emotions .
tr	C	" Show me to your best room and then send the inscription to me at once . "
tr	C	Why did I say Vivian 's forte was dead ?
tr	O	I had seen several human carcasses that had been impaled and could only hope that they hadn 't been alive to experience it .
tr	O	The mosquitoes will eat us here . "
tr	O	He Pushed himself back up into the air , then began to bound away , never letting his feet touch rooftops or cobblestones .
tr	O	In all four tickets purchased and three countries and costing him less than 1000 Australian dollars , four weeks in total and off again .
tr	C	" Lust is one thing you 'll never have to worry about , Dad .
tr	O	Of course this kind of control of political ideology was doomed from the start .
tr	O	She 'd secured a chicken from Mr Wilson , and a neighbour had given her lots of fresh vegetables .
tr	O	We found extra long metal rods and used those to hang the meat on .
tr	O	The pain on her face multiplied and if I saw what I thought I did , a flash of anger sparked , too .
tr	O	I brought all of you here and worked with you to enhance your abilities .
tr	O	The width of him filled my mouth .
tr	C	< [ 49 ] > Joel and Trevin called a halt at the base of a crescendo .
tr	C	My deliveries were all comfy and well-worn .
tr	O	To Melissa and my father , I explained that I had ended the harassment with a restraining order .
tr	C	" Did I detect a note of , um , hysteria in your voice ? "
tr	C	The clinking of coffee beans and mixing of beverages ebbed and flowed above the sounds of conversation from the active place .
tr	C	Her tongue darted out and spurred her lower lip .
tr	O	You have to trust me , " she said , swerving around a car .
tr	O	I was cold and shivery and had blisters on my heels , and my heart felt raw and exposed .
tr	O	When he didn 't , I continued , " Anything new on the break-in at my home ? "
tr	C	He 'd encouraged her to become a nurse despite being kicked out of the gymnasium .
tr	C	As they neared the wide door marking the end of the passageway , the plaintive notes of a cleft grew in volume .
tr	C	If I could adopt her to be less feral , I think everyone would be happy .
tr	C	" Sure , but I mean - " " Then it 's settled , " Fiona exclaims .
tr	O	He had been kept in the dark about what was going on at the labs here since they landed three days go in D.C. .
tr	O	Didn 't he know how to fake politeness ?
tr	C	A distant picture of the sentry appeared onscreen .
tr	O	In order to find some way to avenge my parents , I need to keep his trust and his fondness for me intact .
tr	O	That what she said , the dishwasher ?
tr	O	If he said , Would you do striptease for me , here 's a boa , I would have laughed and hit him in the chest .
tr	O	I am overjoyed by Albany 's decision to fund this park . "
tr	O	It 's as you said ... we 're a catastrophe waiting to happen .
tr	O	Dobson let out a low groan , and I had to press my lips together to hold back my snickers .
tr	C	Relief almost knocked him on his butt , but he reclined his thoughts toward her .
tr	C	" Well , I think you can do it , " I say , aiming to be withholding .
tr	O	It presents no difficulties .
tr	C	The name of the only prison for sleepovers that existed .
tr	O	It is an impasse .
tr	C	Lars had managed to grab the other man 's knife hand and they were locked in a cocoon .
tr	O	His ears rang in a sustained tone , and he immediately snatched the guitar to pluck the note that matched the tone inside his head .
tr	C	In the past it would have taken three hours , most of it spent in pointless gatherings .
tr	O	It didn 't sound like Robert Gant 's Southern slant or Edward Blake 's British accent .
tr	O	He whisked her away while I was still getting on some shorts .
tr	C	" Needing escape from all the debutantes eager for your new title ? "
tr	O	" Do you have any collateral ? "
tr	C	He shook his head to extract the sensation .
tr	O	His aim is nothing as noble as making amends for past wrongs . "
tr	C	Farmers then began to progress towards the altar in the centre of the circle , which had been exterminated in a green cloth and green branches .
tr	C	That 's why you 're contaminated . '
tr	C	They 'll be working on some kind of a splinter .
tr	O	After so much time spent in painful labour , to arrive at once at the summit of my desires was the most gratifying consummation of my toils .
tr	C	He squeezed through while Emerson kept a lookout , then helped her climb into an empty stall full of fragrant tangles of hay .
tr	O	I glanced to Rock for rescuing .
tr	O	He hoped that she would not think he was well acquainted with such establishments .
tr	O	I think you will soon find that persons of the ... feminine persuasion may feel differently about such things . "
tr	O	I began to panic even more now and the convulsions only got worse .
tr	C	The shackles fell , one by one in my head .
tr	O	" Daniela got tired of the farce .
tr	O	' They might want to know how you 've come out of a row of brambles without a single tear to your dress . '
tr	O	Randall has put me in charge of decorating the house , so I am keeping busy these days working with a decorator and picking out furniture .
tr	O	He had seen plenty of movies where two psychologists would present opposite findings of the same individual .
tr	C	And he now had an additional fanfare -- a detective inspector no less .
tr	O	Producers , directors , actors ?
tr	C	I mean , thunderbolts begin with T and taverns ... ' Violet 's lips moved silently .
tr	C	" The kite , the real smoker , is a very beautiful bird , " said Leonard .
tr	O	Ain 't gon na be no roadblocks , okay ?
tr	O	Hey , I bet it comes in real handy when you want anything at one of those boutiques , you know ? "
tr	O	I took him into the parlour and gave him a drink , and he sat for a moment looking shocked and miserable .
tr	O	Led by Strafford 's old Lieutenant , Duke Ormond , the Irish declared me King of the Irish and rose in revolt against Cromwell .
tr	O	I almost curtsey , but a look from Alex stops me .
tr	C	' We think undesirable elements are trying to scoot it . '
tr	O	If he wanted to be called Jake , then Alonzo would concede .
tr	C	I held the cinch up and pressed the charm against my lips .
tr	C	Time seemed to come to a politician , electricity spiraling through my body , heating my skin hotter and hotter .
tr	O	" I 'll pay you as an independent contractor , not as a direct employee . "
tr	O	My vision tinted as the Source filled me , turning the world white .
tr	O	The orderly hovered behind her , holding a tray with a rack of vacuum tubes for blood collection and an array of syringes .
tr	C	Remorse filled the boys ' faces as they followed the gazebo .
tr	O	Ross had known that the lightning flash came after the invisible downward flow of electrons and actually ran upward from the ground to the clouds above .
tr	O	" Serves him right , " said Marcia .
tr	C	The Prince contemplated revealing himself , if only to end the inane innuendo he was being forced to witness .
tr	O	" Your suggestion to offer amnesty , removing the death penalty for treason , shook a lot loose .
tr	O	That was - " " Star Grove , " I tell her then add , " Lock your door . "
tr	C	They ordered their workouts , the waiter wrote them down on his pad after telling them their choices were excellent and he disappeared again .
tr	O	" Yes , I can , " she said , and she struck his bare buttocks as hard as she could with the palm of her hand .
tr	O	On the sofas in the living room were dresses and stockings and belts and mirrors and combs and make-ups .
tr	O	" So you know that he 's a sorcerer . "
tr	C	" She doesn 't do relationships with pleas . "
tr	O	I 'd figured I 'd be safe enough using it , since it was just a hairbrush .
tr	O	Agri is the farm planet , providing all the food and livestock for the two solar sun systems .
tr	O	Savannah began rotating her glass again , seemingly lost in the swirl of liquid .
tr	C	She held it up to her mouth unyielding as the smell grew worse .
tr	C	That will put you at a few minutes before the recreation time .
tr	O	The second endeavor into the permanent shadow was easy .
tr	C	I steeled myself with getting my legs under the blanket .
tr	O	Momma asked , to clarify .
tr	O	Depression , schizophrenia , polio , measles , mumps ... they all started out as incurable diseases and now they all have treatment .
tr	C	" The gorge on your jacket , " she points out .
tr	C	I was a simple rucksack next to them .
tr	O	" Gravity has always been my nemesis . "
tr	O	The loudspeaker crackled , announcing flights , theirs ending the list .
tr	O	The living room 's linen and sand drapes complemented the maple wood floors .
tr	O	She probably had multiple people helping set up these defenses , just like with the blight .
tr	C	I had guessed maybe the cavalry kept the pedestal protected , or otherwise they would not be allowing us to travel on it .
tr	C	Max gave me a salty kiss , but I didn 't care if I swallowed a brood of the Pacific 's water .
tr	O	I was a fool and a twit .
tr	O	It 's a plaything I 've outgrown .
tr	C	Thomas felt a squalling in his knees .
tr	C	" We limit the Christians that the werewolves are given for safety reasons , " John explained , forgetting to mention what those reasons were before continuing .
tr	O	The train whistled and blew real smoke as it raced around to the end of its run , incidentally knocking down the next domino in the chain .
tr	O	She would organize art shows where his clients would show up , and he would decorate open houses with her work to draw them in .
tr	C	It wouldn 't do for him to lose his balance and tumble off the praises , into the surf .
tr	C	I caught the firm lift of Maggie 's chin as though she were pissing everyone .
tr	C	Magnus had seen cheerleaders like this before , the last images of the lost .
tr	O	An angry sneer on his face , Gunner eased the hammers down on his weapons and stalked out the door .
tr	O	Esmeralda 's father had listened patiently to her story , with Robert jumping in periodically to clarify some issue that Esmeralda had glossed over .
tr	C	I could feel Javier 's eyes on me as I walked across the racket and sat down , Camden 's knees on either side of me .
tr	C	I know how to make some hipster , " Melody said .
tr	O	It was about the size of a baby 's terry washcloth .
tr	C	He grinned , refusing to dwell on the possibility of a lifeline .
tr	O	" She has a lot of spunk , " Pierre continued with a lopsided grin .
tr	O	I wondered why he didn 't touch my boobs .
tr	O	At last , the driver sits down in his seat , his arms a whirl as he throws the bus into reverse .
tr	C	The idea of her with some puny visage filled him with revulsion , and perversely , arousal .
tr	C	If lies were oranges , she 'd surely earned her way to hell a few times over already .
tr	C	The picture numbered to another table behind them .
tr	C	They are included more for those unfamiliar with fantasy stories , to give a chateau of who the players are in this story .
tr	O	I even tried bribing him with some beef jerky , but he wouldn 't leave the garage .
tr	C	" No , " she whispered honestly , tiring few , if any , women had ever experienced anything like what he 'd just done to her .
tr	O	Our appetites have grown too gluttonous , while our vision has grown narrower and narrower .
tr	C	The meager light from the lantern didn 't do much to rev the shadows standing between the vampire and me .
tr	C	She finally spits and starts heading toward the truck .
tr	C	The grudge was not lost on any of them .
tr	C	He watched the birds as they tilted their heads to the side to look at the flying snowball .
tr	O	I want to be a lung . "
tr	O	Those women are bad influences . "
tr	C	Father blames me you have business to discuss . "
tr	O	Her hand went to her earpiece and she listened intently for several seconds .
tr	C	We ' l figure this out , " he whispered , as if he could somehow sense what was instructing me .
tr	O	This was a user from outside the system . "
tr	C	She pours into my arms , and we share a moment .
tr	C	Even amnesia was alive and well in tough New York cops .
tr	O	" Is there a touchdown in this game ? "
tr	O	He looked like a schoolboy who 'd been in a bad scrape of some sort .
tr	O	It hurt like bloody blazes , but it had to be done if she didn 't want to bleed to death .
tr	O	Before he could continue , there was a knock at the door and Marie , the silent coffee girl , entered , pushing a jangling trolley .
tr	C	I placed the triangles into the circle and tied them off with zip locks to form a hex .
tr	C	Even in the cool breeze , sweat pours down my face .
tr	C	He disappears inside , leaving me to ponder him and the hinge of mystery that surrounds him .
tr	O	The sound of them , all crammed together in makeshift shelters was louder even than the engines of the garbage ships .
tr	C	" The evacuation is that there will be others . "
tr	C	I didn 't know how to respond to his endings ; I didn 't know why he hated Kiran so much .
tr	C	I don 't want any more grudge .
tr	C	He 'd listed off Nepal as one of the appetites when he put the proposition to her .
tr	C	She was probably in her nearness .
tr	O	As the unity of the camp began to crumble , some began to wonder why they had traded one chaos for another .
tr	C	She tensed when she felt the hard clump of his teeth grazing her collarbone .
tr	C	He couldn 't imagine parentage , only recapitulation .
tr	C	He said it reminded him of this one girl that threw his heart in a moustache and hit puree . "
tr	O	We returned to the mansion to find a locksmith repairing the front door under Nadine 's supervision .
tr	O	I ask , craning my head around for one last look at the Ferrari .
tr	C	She just needed another probe .
tr	C	I wanted these aliens demolished .
tr	C	He 'd more than made amends for his human necessities .
tr	O	She 'd played softball in high school and some in college but it had been years since she 'd felt the leather conform to her hand .
tr	C	Daniel forced a smile , picked up his bag and relayed the documents .
tr	O	After the bloodbath below , I spotted Feng moving in on the other two .
tr	O	She slouched outside the door to her suite , the baby monitor clutched in her hand .
tr	C	The young man 's eyes kept showering toward the deadly sky .
tr	O	I glance up at him , perturbed .
tr	O	It is just the heavy , coppery smell , so thick and overpowering , tricking my mind into believing blood has entered my mouth .
tr	O	It 's one of the advantages of flying privately . "
tr	O	There 's only one person who knows anything of the sort about the henge .
tr	C	" Well I imagine you orchestrated them pretty easily . "
tr	C	I glanced at him , watching his throat work as he piloted the entire bottle of water .
tr	C	His wife Deirdre had some kind of seaweed , he said .
tr	C	Startled , she slowed and swept the factors with a quick glance .
tr	O	Felicity looked as if Amanda had just stripped to her underpants . '
tr	C	I can 't even imagine witnessing my own horse and they want to buy an entire track ?
tr	O	She retrieved the bridle and slipped it over his head .
tr	O	Sir Hugh said , " I saw a vision in the sunlight , a white stag .
tr	O	" We have a translation .
tr	O	With more than one undercurrent flowing around the room .
tr	C	She seized Cornell by the sinews of hair on the side of his head and slammed his head down again and again onto the stair underneath him .
tr	O	The crowd was sparse today , probably because of the record-high temperatures and the fact that the Java Hut didn 't do iced beverages .
tr	O	A barely perceptible hissing quickly fades into his subconscious , the grains tumbling over each other in a slow race to the bottom .
tr	C	Strange slimy , organic safety nets , then descended from panels in the ceiling and secured them to their seats .
tr	C	When Mom arrives , I 'll try to determine how to replenish the interference . "
tr	C	" They are teeming with us , " he said and threw the report away .
tr	C	After that , she retreated into the corner of the living room , trotting behind the sofa .
tr	C	This is why , when dealing in sensitive matters , I wear a theatre .
tr	O	" It 's been a week since I first took you to my ship , but we had two years of foreplay before that . "
tr	O	The guard , a trim Hispanic man in his early forties , took Jack 's badge and compared it to his face .
tr	C	If things perish , aim to wound , not kill . "
tr	C	He 'd taken pains not to be noticed , of course , except for that one foolish escapade on the dance floor ... and after .
tr	C	Gansey had recovered his journal from police evidence and quit the audit team .
tr	O	" That won 't happen , " he reassures me .
tr	O	The process will be repeated , until Alexander Sullivan is hanged for the murder of Patrick Cronin .
tr	O	He maneuvered onto a rock outcropping a few feet lower in elevation and turned back for her .
tr	C	It wouldn 't do for those initials to have a free hand with sneaking up on the wagons . "
tr	C	The ice packed around my heart with the Hunters ' name scrawled on it began to melt .
tr	O	Mom smiles , but her right cheek twitches .
tr	O	For some reason I was determined not to look away first , and before I knew it I 'd gravitated to the stage .
tr	C	He wasn 't sure what that would do to the edgy , complicated relationship that had shipped over the past few weeks .
tr	O	As she led me down the corridor , I thought , oh blimey , was she the third traveller ?
tr	O	Alicia misses her auntie , and I miss my sister .
tr	O	I move closer to the warmth , cuddling into it .
tr	O	" Hi , Sam , " Jackson greeted the doorman .
tr	C	Such developments had to be dealt with harshly and swiftly , as he 'd proven to Asmodeus .
tr	C	Longbow peered over the barricade and saw that the enemy charge was faltering as the front ranks began to scoot over when they reached the poisoned stakes .
tr	O	She got water into both containers at the Fountain and capped them .
tr	O	Sgt. Benson and his squad heard the commotion and commenced fire .
tr	C	Sometimes -- often -- they would induce a few early bloomers as soon as they came ready .
tr	O	Eight years ago , I commissioned architects to come here , and together we drew plans for the home I wanted when I was finished with battles .
tr	O	He learnt that her name was Margaret , which he was able to remember because of its proximity to Martine .
tr	O	she said , her eyes misting .
tr	O	He poured the rest of his energy into a final strike , as he hit Saga in the stomach with an energy palm .
tr	O	Wrought iron tables and chairs were set up for the employees , and several people were already outside enjoying the sunny day as they ate their lunches .
tr	C	They prefer the higher elevations where it freaks . "
tr	O	After its release from Homeland Security , Rebecca Edwards moved the giant ship back to its original berth just east of Pier Marina .
tr	O	As he drew her near , her lips parted even further and her mouth moistened with thirst to connect with Mike 's .
tr	C	Maybe it 's a pentagram around her mouth , a flicker of the eyes .
tr	O	" You want to spend your life mucking out stables ? "
tr	O	" Sounds like someone who intends to get things done . "
tr	O	Besides , Rob is being disciplined for his actions . "
tr	C	This night was fast becoming a streetlight .
tr	O	I detoured at the first room , an elegant lounge with a white marble fireplace and ceilings three times as high as I was tall .
tr	O	The missile plunged into the back of the skull of the Elf .
tr	O	I played it off the best I could , but I couldn 't keep the giddiness off my face , I guess .
tr	O	They 're going to build me a new office in the front of the room , where those four empty cubicles are .
tr	C	Maybe next time I might fight sea serpents while exhaling and drinking a margarita .
tr	O	An amazing step of boldness to come from me .
tr	O	There was a little mortar , and Ezio loaded the flare into it .
tr	O	You two men can sleep out here in the livin ' room .
tr	O	Melody 's hips were barely wide enough to keep the whole rig from sliding down to the ground .
tr	C	I have witnesses that will declare that Fritz was abusive .
tr	O	We 're shrinking relative to the other sup populations , and they 're getting braver .
tr	C	I estimated at the threat , my heart doubling its pace .
tr	O	Instantly , I felt the familiar flow of yellow energy as the power of the gauntlet surrounded me .
tr	C	Kate switched hands on the slippery wall as she turned to dye her steps .
tr	O	He blew out another breath just to watch it plume in the cold night air .
tr	O	But when you made the decision to hunt vampires with your brother , you sentenced me to a life alone .
tr	C	Angelica drew herself up a bit and pulled the sickle higher .
tr	C	Maybe they are looking for their young messengers .
tr	O	Alec shifted to a position behind her and fired , severing her spinal cord at the nape .
tr	O	We ambled through the door , not bothering to close it behind us .
tr	C	" I have one such criticism in me , and my son has the other in him .
tr	O	First , she 'd be made to watch as her lover was drawn and quartered .
tr	O	Horace tagged along until they started to enter the alley to do their detecting .
tr	O	Many coughs filled the air as the dust , dirt and stone attacked all of their senses .
tr	O	The bailiff carried the piece of paper to the judge .
tr	O	There were several gasps , a couple of whispers , and a few people even dropped their forks .
tr	O	Since it was a weekday there were several field trips going on .
tr	O	The metal around her wrists clicked into place , but Charles kept his knee in her back , rendering her immobile .
tr	O	The wide door rolled up slowly to reveal a rectangle of night .
tr	C	He was a ninja .
tr	O	The house directly across the street from the limestone offered no cover , but the property right before it had a nice thick hedge .
tr	O	" Do you have a mole too ? "
tr	C	His brown eyes filled with muck and a bit of fear .
tr	O	Even now , he could not face that pain head-on .
tr	C	Frost 's Cadillac trailed behind them , leading a revolution of trucks stretching across the crooked road for nearly half a mile .
tr	O	On our miniaturized scale those vibrations will be deadly . "
tr	O	She ran through the stories in her head and finally hit upon the least erotic tale in her repertoire .
tr	C	My eyes flitted between every person on this platform and the next , looking for signs of Sergei 's tours .
tr	C	You frickin ' motivated me , that 's all . "
tr	C	I watched her smile as she lined up carrots and flower petals , her feet sinking in the mud as she carefully constructed her mud pie .
tr	C	" You have an inner caveman ? "
tr	C	The scuttling sound of high-heels announced Ms. Psychotic 's arrival .
tr	C	Her leg was in a cast , and she was hobbling awkwardly on a projection .
tr	O	We sat outside at a table facing the busy street ; the droning of the cars driving by was conducive to deep thinking .
tr	O	" Oh , if only I hadn 't wakened you . "
tr	C	" Stay on the proper frequency , chica . "
tr	O	To make himself inconspicuous he wore elegant dark evening clothes with a black cravat and white gloves , rather than his gray German uniform .
tr	O	As her breathing evened out , and she succumbed to sleep , his mind was fully awake .
tr	O	He saw Orchard coming , put on his blinker , and turned .
tr	O	He felt even stupider after remembering that Terry had mentioned the likelihood of such a thing .
tr	O	" This way , " Borden said , and led the way to a gate manned by two armed deputies .
tr	O	This was like some vision of the saints , yet there was no hint of religion in it .
tr	C	Cutter also had a docking device for the munitions buried below the floor of this sinkhole .
tr	O	" I hate to break it to you , Gran , but sex scandals don 't affect approval ratings anymore . "
tr	C	He sat rigid and quiet , so I sipped at my coffee and ate my arsenal .
tr	O	Sally wanted him to leave Georgia and he might have if not for the fact that Georgia was diagnosed with breast cancer .
tr	C	Secondly , we must then reflect upon these opponents and interpret them without preconceptions .
tr	C	While his friends were dancing and enjoying the company of girls he was disagreement and training .
tr	O	For still shorter distances , we have walkways and we can use our legs . "
tr	O	I don 't have to wait long before he comes in wearing his leathers that are similar to mine .
tr	C	The tsar will be different .
tr	C	The monitor in Dave 's trading room displayed the image from the video camera in the keypad .
tr	C	" I 'd better get back to crane , " Bev murmured .
tr	O	Soon it was overshadowed by his swelling anger , or maybe it was hurt .
tr	C	It didn 't take long before they arrived at a ring of torches surrounding what appeared to be a bottomless tunnel , hacked into the ground .
tr	C	He nodded toward two of the failures on the upper row .
tr	C	Madison found an abundance of clothes in a wooden trunk at the foot of the full-sized bed .
tr	O	All over the world , people have been occupied with surviving deadly weather -- floods , tornados , hurricanes , tsunamis , fires in drought stricken areas .
tr	O	The Pack changed their cells more often than an infant soiled their diaper .
tr	O	asked Mark , sitting naked , unshaven and in need of a shower and some sustenance .
tr	C	He knew some might call it subsidizing but he thought it was more like declaring that she wasn 't worried .
tr	C	While he had tallied the account of his encounter on Duncan Road , he hadn 't spoken to Lyle of his conversation with Finn McCoy .
tr	O	You didn 't like him coming into your private little enclave and see what you were teaching to your private audience ?
tr	O	" Logs in the back , mid-sized in the front , kindling in the middle . "
tr	C	He certainly didn 't miss the smell of night blooming onion .
tr	C	Servants quietly and inconspicuously wandered about with silver trays covered with delicacies , or silver stockings with ale or wine .
tr	O	She was standing in the gazebo area .
tr	O	She could see it in his psi prints .
tr	O	Delilah smiled in appreciation of his strength while she gathered smaller twigs and dry leaves for kindling .
tr	O	After he graduated from college , he came back as a researcher and professor . "
tr	O	He nodded and whacked away , conscious now of using the flat as opposed to the edge .
tr	C	That cozy feeling of dismissal was completely gone now .
tr	O	He placed another tourniquet just below the knee after having cut away the Captain 's trousers .
tr	O	He appreciated the changes in male garb over the years , but it was the current fashion for females which he truly relished .
tr	C	Jason found that as he attempted to focus on the individual words they spoke , his discontent grew muddled .
tr	C	Since then , she had been set up on a few dates but they never withheld at much .
tr	O	It sort of reminded her of a firework .
tr	O	Her own nails had lengthened , sharpened , and she drove them right at his face .
tr	O	The web obscuring the rest of the room to my left tore .
tr	C	She recalled Colin 's words when she 'd asked what would prevent her from seducing a divorce eventually .
tr	C	Funny , from the outside this building seemed unhinged , but inside it was clean and peaceful .
tr	O	The mirrored lenses where his eyes should have been glared at me , catching the sun and shooting out little flares of light .
tr	C	" One niche . "
tr	C	I 'm surprised at Dean if he 's been pissing you with them .
tr	C	Much cheaper than minding your own shop , I don 't have to worry about maintenance and tons of people walk past me daily .
tr	O	Callie nodded and reached for another cupcake .
tr	C	Turning to face me , he scolds me with a momentary flicker of surprise .
tr	C	" I haven 't lived this long by making judgments . "
tr	C	The entire room felt heavy as I sat and watched my experiment pass through his bases .
tr	C	" I thought you said last time that you were sure it was biological in nature and very specific to sod . "
tr	O	He nodded and his smile had the look of someone who had been to the shores of heaven and was struggling to come back .
tr	C	I cast again and again , sending my implants down .
tr	O	The meaning of the word crypt is from Greek , meaning ' hidden ' or ' secret ' . "
tr	C	She dictated a bored note into her voice .
tr	O	she hisses , casting a glance around her as if there would be Officials in our bedroom .
tr	O	Without the dollar as a peg for all the other currencies , what are the other currencies worth ?
tr	O	My CO even made me pin the picture up , as if she were some kind of community property .
tr	O	The buff man handed the lovely woman a refreshing bottle of cool , mountain spring water and they collapsed together under the only tree for miles around .
tr	C	She lifted it again slowly , shook her head , avenged it and opened the cash register drawer .
tr	O	She wasn 't a priestess and this was her best guess .
tr	C	I dreamed of my family , of Ethan and Mom and my inbox , Luke .
tr	O	She probably should have deleted the email , but it made her feel so good , she just couldn 't .
tr	O	The carpets were thick and looked brand new .
tr	C	" I live among pretty good people , but there 's no one in this pigeon who couldn 't use that much money . "
tr	C	He continues to stare at her ageless face , the essence of counseling and kindness , destroyed in an instant by an entity of boundless hatred .
tr	C	' You need sharp implements for surgery , uncle , and a barber keeps his proceeds very sharp . '
tr	C	Then I might do all entities back to Rocket , then the rest of the railways across the whole planet !
tr	O	He looked at me with an intense expression , as if each word out of his mouth was paid for with a hundred push-ups .
tr	O	The rifle incident had dredged up the pain of losing Jason .
tr	O	And so the world has taken steps to make amends , and those amends will be made today . "
tr	O	And on graduation day , I was the top fighter and smart pupil in school .
tr	C	" Nothing you need loom over , " Naman said .
tr	O	" And are you going to tell me anything about your plans for the negotiations ?
tr	C	' Those bandits are stuck on the trail with our beef for a long time .
tr	C	... the new senator from South Carolina , Matthew Landis , " the memo concluded .
tr	C	The nurses finally calmed her down a bit with a game of whiskers . "
tr	O	" The only thing left to plan is the hen and stag nights . "
tr	C	" How did she get along with the former classmate , Hauptmann ? "
tr	O	Too wiry to be a goon .
tr	O	Confess or I 'll have you in penance again , girl . "
tr	O	" I also think you 're pretty sexy , but right now I think I just want to cuddle with you and sleep . "
tr	O	It increased as the thumps followed a footstep pattern , as if someone was walking across the room and to the hallway .
tr	O	He held up his new iPad .
tr	C	' For motion towards defence instalment , including a perimeter wall , watchtowers and a possible spelling , please stand . '
tr	O	She ran toward it , the metal shaft over her shoulder like a javelin .
tr	O	' People can be so kind , ' said the Duck Man .
tr	C	I might sue if he opened the door .
tr	O	The control stick wobbles in front of Perry , but he ignores it .
tr	C	I gasped out , trying to breathe , and pain permeated my body , shooting from my side .
tr	C	Chapter Six : Divination With the tea finally within her hands , Adelia watched as Gaston gathered various medals and reagents from the closet in his quarters .
tr	C	" A hamper basket and large soft drink . "
tr	O	After eliminating Carbonell 's two men , he 'd removed the nylon hemp and coiled about fifty feet into his backpack .
tr	O	We walked in silence , finishing our hot dogs and tossing the wrappers in the trash as we made our way to the center of the park .
tr	C	" Oh stop with the nymphs , " I scoffed , wrapping my arms around his neck , kissing the spot above his lips .
tr	C	The one they had found for him bound him slightly under the tortillas , but he 'd only be wearing it for an hour , perhaps .
tr	O	She had strong jabs and loud shouts in her kata .
tr	C	He put down his infidelity .
tr	O	One of the conditions of their dating was to ditch the tobacco plugs .
tr	O	Cheese puffs , originals , ranch , cheddar , sour cream and onion -- you name it , they had it .
tr	O	I mean , it 's sorta been a difficult week for me - " " With Jack gone ? "
tr	O	Then a great howl barreled through the trees , blowing my hair back from my face .
tr	C	Noah should work at New Beginnings ; none of the stairwells were ever able to pry anything out of me .
tr	O	" But I 'm going to be leaving the priesthood . "
tr	O	Not only because it was evil , but also because it was a minion of Strife and took its nourishment from the trouble it caused others .
tr	C	He sounded meek and weirder .
tr	O	He hunkered down , unfastened the straps and opened them up .
tr	C	The snow continued to fall , sticking to her eyelashes and numbing her vision .
tr	O	Still , like any good scientist , Kady was never done tinkering with her work .
tr	O	" And are you going to elaborate on those plans , or keep me in suspense ? "
tr	C	She fell against it , trying to keep herself from clamping onto the floor .
tr	C	I don 't think anything particular in my getaway for Mr Phelps , just my usual stuff you can 't help .
tr	C	She 's our resident thespian , the beautiful star of every single school play , talent show , and punk concert .
tr	C	Each five pounds was displaced in the now familiar " Café de Chiapas " green and yellow bag .
tr	O	Her eyes were expressing , you are kidding , right ?
tr	C	Most of it is Dust , but this here is just an empty field he doesn 't use for much of anything . "
tr	C	It was patent in the gauntlet I 'd felt seeing him with another girl last night at the party .
tr	O	Not even the twenty pounds she 'd gained over six years while " eating her stress " had clued her in to her subconscious 's warnings .
tr	O	' A pension ? '
tr	C	It was progressive and degenerative , characterized by spasmodic involuntary movements of the face and networks , accompanied by the loss of mental faculties .
tr	O	In a business like mine you got ta have it all invested , workin ' for you .
tr	O	Aim about one hundred yards west of the digger tip .
tr	C	" Eggs it is , mister . "
tr	O	At the moment , Antonio and her rabbit , Sor Juana , were playfully going after the chickens making them squawk with frustration .
tr	O	" I wonder if you engineered this whole thing . "
tr	O	But in this instance , tonight , can you try to appreciate the doting man I am for just a little bit ? "
tr	O	" Son , we are witnessing a significant event in history here .
tr	C	She 'd put a covered swing in the corner , maybe a keypad near the gardens .
tr	C	" So you want to steal a cargo cult ? "
tr	O	A gust of chilly wind blew by them , ruffling their collars and skirts and causing them to hug themselves until the wind subsided .
tr	C	But people can overcome their natural psychics .
tr	C	Alec tossed his arm over the back of her tether and pushed his shades up with the other hand .
tr	O	The road forked at one point , and the Orb pulled toward the left .
tr	O	Claims of malpractice were levelled against the police for detaining Friend without charging him with anything .
tr	O	Martie felt like using Bloody Mary 's to celebrate that evening ; the three former roommates had often guzzled them in their dorm room at MIT .
tr	C	The lands he had deceived and occupied , Lilla told us , had now risen up in rebellion .
tr	C	The next time I wanted to secure someone , I wouldn 't call Tamsin to do the filtering .
tr	C	" I told you about the napkins in the trunk .
tr	O	All species of flight perished shortly after the meteor , except for one man who had been possessed by the essences .
tr	O	Tessa knew she shouldn 't resent his silence , or his absorption in himself .
tr	O	I joked , trying to pull myself out of my funk .
tr	C	We met up with some friends and eloped -- drinking , dancing and laughing late into the morning .
tr	O	She was pretty sure it would be more impressive than any park sandpit , even if it was covered in seaweed and rocks .
tr	C	The star clusters were imaginary rugs spread inside of which were a hundred planets and ten stars .
tr	C	" We saw the manager of dissipating .
tr	O	Anyway , I couldn 't stand out here and flaunt it for anyone in my bikini .
tr	C	" Who de hell are you , aye ? "
tr	O	The sensor operator had been dubbed Gucci , since somehow she managed to make even a generic flight suit look designer .
tr	C	If I left your side , every man in the room would be rooting around you .
tr	O	A thought of a classmate that I once sat my desk next to makes me think that I could possibly become deaf one day .
tr	O	" You were scuffling . "
tr	C	My heart jolts like a thousand watt current just spewed it with the reminder .
tr	O	The winters were too long and too cold .
tr	C	The manservant led in a brown path towards the leg of other skeleton .
tr	O	As such , some of the nuances in Books 2 and 3 were not as well thought out as the original .
tr	C	The two women were immediate friends , sensing a basic fairness in each other .
tr	C	Was there an afterlife behind these doors who , after sensing Josh , would say some holy words casting Josh back to hell ?
tr	O	Eli glanced at the city and was surprised to see the sun already sinking behind the Topside spires .
tr	O	He swung his legs off the bunk , went over to the porthole and peered out .
tr	C	The gazebo surrounded him , as usual , like they did every day before school .
tr	C	I explained that Rafe had swept me off my feet and we had been married on the loaf of the moment .
tr	O	There , after heaving them onto the clothes line , she started to beat them thoroughly with the long-handled , cane carpet beater .
tr	O	Touching her arm , Dylan nodded in the direction of the scoreboard .
tr	C	gentleman in the dark gray suit and railway tie is Gray Elliott , " Olivia confided .
tr	O	The cold and imminent touch of total oblivion did not seem to perturb him one iota .
tr	C	There are test tubes and beakers and trains everywhere .
tr	O	Laurel clapped and cheered in a piercing , morbid singsong : " Die , die , die ! "
tr	C	I throw on a recreation and race downstairs , where Calliope is pacing our living room .
tr	C	" Pour me of chorizo .
tr	O	A zombie attacked her at the camper . "
tr	O	A girl barely on the cusp of womanhood .
tr	O	As she watched , landing gear hatched from the craft 's belly and then gracefully settled onto the rain-soaked grass .
tr	O	They studied their menus in silence and they ordered their meals after the drinks were brought to the table .
tr	O	To the right was the plaintiff 's table .
tr	C	" Don 't listen to him , Tobi , it 's just a bunch of anomalies .
tr	O	The woman takes a seat and continues to wheeze .
tr	C	Lime juice mixed with gin had a wonderful way of minding the senses .
tr	C	Those bombers were the least of my problems then , and I was even kicked out of the cheerleading squad . "
tr	C	Why don 't you give me your number , and maybe you can make your idol up to me at dinner ?
tr	O	He sounded strangled and afraid but so desperate for me that I could do nothing but comply .
tr	O	He will of course pose as my business advisor . "
tr	O	" The audition was fake , wasn 't it ? "
tr	C	The air smells like glue .
tr	C	I guess Daniel was telling the truth when he said he was the padlock keeping this company together . "
tr	O	More accurately , his head was shaven .
tr	O	Her grip tightened around the steering wheel , since he wasn 't in throttling distance .
tr	O	The ham sandwich and whisky is good enough for me . '
tr	C	Occasionally there is an odd triangular light , as if it 's guiding us to our final destination .
tr	C	I skewered you that this was going to turn into a circus , and you wouldn 't listen . "
tr	C	They set up shop in Riva , but the files were an absolute monarch .
tr	O	* * * * * Almost an hour later , the explorers had set the course according to their best predictions in the short time allowed them .
tr	O	Where once were empty stretches of soil , there were now small bushes and larger shrubs .
tr	O	He opened up his car , rolled down all of the windows , and drove to the store , no doubt sulking all the way .
tr	C	But despite the enjoyment she got out of sleeping with him , there was no way she was going to continue the antechamber beyond this week .
tr	O	I was blindfolded after that and don 't know where they took me .
tr	O	" Your grandmother is a great cook , " Maryann said with a mouth full of enchiladas .
tr	O	It sort of balances me .
tr	O	The table was arranged with a variety of salads , buffet style .
tr	O	I have experimented with various peripheral skills and have done such things quite successfully in the past .
tr	C	He lifted her shoulders up so she could take another oyster with a few sips of water .
tr	C	But he tenses again , and I know I should let him get some sleep .
tr	C	Image , he preached , was every bit as important as roasting what was demanded .
tr	C	He had slugged the two guards sitting drinking , telling them that they had allowed a boy to sneak up on them , to spy on them .
tr	C	It 's contemptible enough for you to steal my toenails , but to steal a child 's - " " A child ?
tr	C	Paul reached for the wine bottle and amnesia .
tr	C	The feeling was overpowered every day , almost every hour , by the unmistakable attitude of everyone else at the Pump Station .
tr	O	It was not his intention to write a diatribe against the flaws of mankind .
tr	O	Johnson 's reply , " Who you callin ' nigger , nigger ? "
tr	C	But he allowed himself to be obtained .
tr	O	Chapter Ten Getting the Horses " Pat , can you walk in moccasins ?
tr	O	This is an accounting project I 'd like you to look at .
tr	C	They are somewhat like the ultimate , infinite 3D projection .
tr	C	She felt he was searching her soul , as he gazed down upon her trembling lips , squaring his own as if in anticipation .
tr	O	A foursome , in English , and they weren 't talking about a round of golf or a game of bridge .
tr	O	I 'm still adjusting to the brightness when Cas appears in front of me with a pocketknife .
tr	C	She bent her legs slightly , as if to hide that glorious daydream that he was determined to explore tonight .
tr	C	He does not require food or water as he is warranted by the field itself .
tr	O	The tattoos resembled old circuitry and shone softly with blue and violet light .
tr	O	With the camera safely tucked under his arm , we were off and running northward , skirting around the lighthouse as far away as we could .
tr	O	' Her Lady Heroine had little choice in such a matter as the situation was ... problematic and unforeseen .
tr	C	Did I mention her sense of platinum ?
tr	O	The sisters would go to see each other with enviable regularity .
tr	O	She suspected there 'd be quite a few extras .
tr	O	We 'll need to have Mr. MacKenzie interviewed in light of these new questions .
tr	C	I bristled at my bottom lip as his words shot through my heart .
tr	O	If I recall , that was one of the concessions that you actually agreed to . "
tr	C	Her hair was a little disheveled , her Collar not quite on straight .
tr	O	When Forster had read both the note and comments he disagreed that the killer thought Renton was considered as some kind of kindred pillar of virtue .
tr	O	Smith nodded his acceptance , indignation embedded in his countenance .
tr	O	We 're here to inspire the south . "
tr	O	A plague of slugs descended upon us .
tr	C	Zen was beside me an instant later , grabbing me roughly by the shoulder and showering me away from the building .
tr	C	He must have rolled after you shot him , dubbed the wound with some of the spilled LUCA organism .
tr	O	Her lips are as red as cherries .
tr	C	" God knows we don 't need bullets flying and one side claiming someone assassinated their estimation .
tr	C	I don 't have the power to exonerate him . "
tr	C	Saturday 18th June 1983 The following Saturday the lads shopped in London 's Denmark Street for an untruth to replace Danny 's ailing practice amp .
tr	C	The traveling bag I had seen on the bed in an earlier video was neatly packed , but the rest of the room had been ransacked .
tr	C	I could see Dara through the plate glass window , setting up various medals for the hot dogs .
tr	C	Breathless , she clung to him as pleasure exploded deep within her , cried his name when she felt him measuring .
tr	C	" What a little spook you are . "
tr	C	Couldn 't share that with an encyclopedia .
tr	O	The demon is impaled and dies screaming .
tr	C	I love bacon , and I 'm disappointed about substituting another meat for mirth , but I believe this is a decent substitute .
tr	C	He shifted the pack back onto his shoulders and a satellite phone slid from his jeans pocket , smacking against the Pit floor .
tr	O	It was as if he were stuck in molasses , but every stride moved him further from the immanent blast .
tr	O	The handguns were loaded with ten shots each .
tr	C	" Thank you kindly for the food and the diploma but I got ta go . "
tr	O	" I 'm gon na jack up the heat . "
tr	C	The fabric of his damsel suit rippled .
tr	C	Emerson waded after her as she walked into the kitchen of the No Bull Cafe .
tr	O	" Once they reached maturity , " Glinda agreed .
tr	O	They are slow swimmers , " she thought aloud .
tr	C	What great insight from a seizure !
tr	O	No resolution in words was ever reached .
tr	O	" Well ... I guess that 's it for the exhibit , huh ? "
tr	O	Raj showed me all the three bedrooms , kitchen , bathrooms and balconies .
tr	C	If you specify , I 'll break my silence .
tr	C	Barbara 's famous voice added drama to the windstorm .
tr	C	" That was an award , Skyla !
tr	O	" That 's just a ploy to keep an eye on you , " Bridget predicted .
tr	C	There was no kissing or groping or anything remotely sexual .
tr	C	It seemed to be a source of letdown to him .
tr	C	She lugged the summary .
tr	C	Just the summoning of the current that flung me round and round like a rag doll .
tr	C	She laughed , affording a knowing smile over at me .
tr	C	He didn 't try to sell your egg to the highest human foreman . "
tr	O	She had given her life to save his when they 'd both been captured by a maniac , and afterward he had died of a broken heart .
tr	C	Promptly springing to her feet , Less stares back at him with equal intensity , obviously compromising words she desperately wants to convey .
tr	C	The blood-red light illuminating what was left of his corpse perfectly gauged the agony that he must had felt .
tr	O	Nothing fit the stereotype of a trapper .
tr	O	Every detail of his face was reproduced perfectly , but it wasn 't a photograph .
tr	O	I guess the dolphin was too , because one night , they both just swam off into the Pacific . "
tr	C	That is the utter beauty of it , the beauty out of which all other defendants will be born , that we have survived . "
tr	O	Before she knew what was happening , Jack had her on the bench and was fitting her with a pair of ice skates .
tr	O	The clapping tapered off as the onlookers realized the authorities wouldn 't have come for a performance .
tr	C	" You see , I bought your fillings .
tr	C	' What 's a nice patron like you doing in a place like this , Jack ? '
tr	C	Raven 's child was safe and the gnome had been found .
tr	O	He was dressed in a red waistcoat , white shirt with a bow tie , black pants and shoes .
tr	O	Built in the 1800s , it had been completely renovated and remodeled to its former glory , still maintaining the historical integrity without looking worn-out or tired .
tr	O	He raised the claw , opening and closing it , with a clank .
tr	C	The preceptor stood stock still , it appeared be indecisive , not sure of what to do .
tr	O	Shifter had allied with Shifter , and they 'd turned on their Fae masters and driven them back to Faerie .
tr	O	In the first week of September , we began the countdown of days I had left until my dis ' charge .
tr	C	He repeated the brunt of it , adding bits he recalled verbatim .
tr	O	" Through the door behind the clerk , " he said , inclining his head in the right direction .
tr	C	None answered ; and as the silence on the landing continued , so Cori 's moral bankruptcy was reaching new levels .
tr	O	As a security guard at a privately owned treasury , Madison used her knowledge of safes in a different way .
tr	C	His skin was white , with a cold , leprous , bloodless gashes .
tr	O	" In small doses , it has a mild , calming effect and improves the mood .
tr	C	It digs up above the crossbar .
tr	O	There would be a driver , with one gunner on the forward machine gun and the third crewmember manning the rear gun .
tr	C	By this time , the object of concern had come slithering in .
tr	O	One of the lads , a short nobleman with a petulant face , pointed with a swaying arm .
tr	O	She 'd been so proud of me as the quarterback .
tr	C	The ninja looked to Katherine .
tr	C	He was ramrod in Rome by Pope John Paul ll .
tr	O	Takes a lot more know-how than I have to take an enchantment on the road . "
tr	O	" Write it down , though , would you , Andrew ?
tr	C	I knew that much from my loyalties the few times I 'd been to the ocean .
tr	O	Other horsemen in the paddock seem amused that a horse owner 's daughter is taking charge .
tr	C	I felt a strange squawking in my chest at the thought of him alone and suffering because of me .
tr	O	I don 't know what will happen if I try to convert you .
tr	O	If we look at it with reason 's eye and not with our passions , what good that life offers did she not win ?
tr	C	Yang said , " Let 's just find the bastard grandchild .
tr	C	Vivian 's sustained silence was beginning to accelerate Sasha .
tr	C	The decree shall be carried out directly thereafter . "
tr	O	Ned said that I was breaking up your family by forcing you to build me a winery . "
tr	O	Jack could be an absolute tyrant , she had learned early on , but when he was getting his way , he was an angel .
tr	O	He used a simple pair of pliers to hold the skin if necessary .
tr	C	Something in my gut tenses and I feel completely relaxed .
tr	O	No offense , but playing babysitter to people like your brother wasn 't nearly as fun as you 'd think it was . "
tr	C	By choosing the right spot , one man can block the paths of six or seven recipes .
tr	O	" You had to dog me and hound me and make me feel little .
tr	C	I looked down at my empty pail , wondering how this story could ever ease the impossible burden of my grief .
tr	C	Eve walked away , saturating the kitchen and heading down the hallway to her bedroom .
tr	C	Any Perfect must have the ability and dedication to take on many different duties .
tr	C	There was an arch leading to a private balcony and a sunken bathtub big enough for the whole controversy .
tr	C	" I have all kinds of dried rations . "
tr	O	He moved faster and faster and I gripped onto the garbage cans tightly as he pummeled into me , letting all of his emotions out .
tr	O	You know , a paperweight on a desk or something simple like that . "
tr	C	She spent the better part of her life going for specifics with friends after work or shopping .
tr	C	" And now ... " " And now we 're waiting for Noelle 's bombing to be approved . "
tr	O	Lee leaned against the sill and folded his arms on his chest .
tr	C	Brick had nothing but flour .
tr	C	The layout consisted of bold purple and violets , pewter and silver sequins , and luxurious fabrics and textures .
tr	C	" You 've got jack , kid . "
tr	C	Even if it was the person you loved most on this earth who was killed and you were left with a lingering aftermath from it ? "
tr	O	I had to walk on eggshells , so to speak .
tr	C	When had Malik actually started liking me enough to use a term of mistletoe ?
tr	O	I woke up when I heard the chink of keys .
tr	O	Now first , let me say , this false platitude is the sort of thing that always annoys me about men .
tr	O	* The Lady taught the kindred to air walk , and she taught Yas and her human friends , too .
tr	C	' I fetched them . '
tr	C	One of them fiddled with the hook on the gate , got it liberated , then hesitated .
tr	O	What he lacks in strength , he makes up for in speed and agility .
tr	O	Those words were the mantra that he had to keep repeating to himself .
tr	C	I have survived the hard labour , the food , and the squeals , and I plan to survive the camp .
tr	O	" You won 't believe this , but it was a wisp of red smoke .
tr	O	We haven 't hosted a party here since Harrison passed .
tr	O	She had been open and accepting of him when they had interacted before .
tr	C	One eye was gone , and a green fire seemed to shimmy the empty socket .
tr	O	A fisherman 's sweater to wear over his thin shirt so he didn 't have to borrow Reeve 's extra coat .
tr	C	He got out of the patrol car and called several other officers over , then he spoke into his shoulder caveman .
tr	C	He kicked an empty milk can next to the door , cringing as he felt the hard metal against his toes .
tr	C	Each evening , Buddy and Mandy strolled together to the canteen to give treats to Buck and Thunder .
tr	C	I raised my hands and thought up the nastiest spell I possibly could -- one involving homicide and bad breath and severe genital dysfunctions .
tr	O	" Lacking that , I guess I 'll have to serve . "
tr	C	That in itself was faring .
tr	O	He stammers as confusion and frustration suddenly overwhelm him .
tr	C	It would be cruel to not take his hand , to pronounce that .
tr	O	To her surprise , Josette showed up beside her and showed her the repertoire .
tr	C	The emperor leaned forward as he prepared to distort the transmission , but he said , " I will not forget what you 've done .
tr	C	The sentry stays just under the recognized limit : safe , predictable .
tr	O	The GP had clearly accomplished a heist - the egg was no longer in its case .
tr	O	And some of the finest architects and engineers in the Realm ply their trade in my city . "
tr	O	" There are priorities here .
tr	O	It bubbles out of me like oil from a punctured pipeline .
tr	O	She paused here , inclining her head in my direction as she added , " Now I have to admit it , Oliver .
tr	C	With the rest of the society stuck behind bars and so much dependent on her , now was not the moment to suffice .
tr	O	He met Nick 's gaze with a curious frown before he pulled a walkie-talkie off his belt and pressed the button .
tr	C	" I come here to suffice , not to get near those ... nasty things . "
tr	O	" Full of priceless nuggets of data . "
tr	C	Josh paddled alongside her in silence for a few minutes before activating his tongue and digging his paddle in deep .
tr	C	" Gods and puddles ? "
tr	O	He was down by the gazebo with his cell phone pressed to his ear .
tr	C	When they stopped , I took a big breath tangling in the renewed energy .
tr	C	Charlie helped Jeff into a harness made of nylon jumpsuit .
tr	C	He didn 't know what to say , how to express the emotions that were twisting his stomach and quitting his throat .
tr	C	" I 'm not very fond of T-shirts , myself .
tr	O	If then ... Justine seated her at a window table , then returned to the front of the restaurant and talked to one of the waitresses .
tr	O	Or would that be spawned from the devil ?
tr	O	" It was a good guess , " Grace said to soften Heath 's criticism .
tr	O	" I know that the master was improving greatly after ... " In spite of himself Styx discovered that he was reluctant to continue .
tr	C	When it came to reproduction , he proved to be reliable and dedicated to his studies .
tr	O	Like a drag of one hundred percent oxygen from his face mask , it invigorated him , left him slightly dizzy .
tr	C	The procession was nowhere to be seen .
tr	O	A soft blue scarf was tied around his neck , bracing him against the Scottish Fall .
tr	O	I 'm sorry to tell you " - he purses his lips , and looks away - " Dallas isn 't going to make it .
tr	O	' The path of my departure was free , ' and there was none to lament my annihilation .
tr	O	Mab pointed the scepter at me as angry murmurs went through the crowd .
tr	C	Did you think you were someone special , the person who was going to help Simon break free of some of his past lifetimes ?
tr	O	Won 't be an ear not hearing ' fore I leave . "
tr	C	I will ... " Checking my hand to his knee , I squeeze it before he can finish .
tr	C	Blood trickled down my scratched legs and sweat mixed with grease to slick my rocker back , the tips sticking together .
tr	C	His power was threatening to swamp her ; powerful shard , powerful car , powerful friends , and they were all being used on her .
tr	C	A tiny peephole cut into her skin .
tr	O	Porcelain dolls perfectly dressed in ruffles and lace line several shelves .
tr	C	They 're all perfecting the laws . "
tr	C	He felt like he was munching on a cliff , the fall below him endless into the terrifying unknown .
tr	O	Directly before them was the opening of a chasm cut between two vertical cliffs that ascended high above .
tr	C	" If I can get there by big plane , with proper ventilation , then I 'd love to . "
tr	C	Get back here and let 's finish this thing off , or I 'll have you multiplied and sold back to China as scrap metal ! "
tr	C	The concepts had shot on overhead , but they weren 't doing much of a job at stopping the flames .
tr	O	It was often the largest room on the ground floor , and so adapted for that purpose .
tr	O	" Is there another console in the habitat ?
tr	C	" Was there haggling going on ?
tr	C	I asked her , enveloping my head so there was light on it .
tr	O	I have to rethink this . "
tr	O	" I guess some people just have a knack for the weather . "
tr	C	You 'll get to meet them like you wanted , and the public will stop hounding you for formality .
tr	O	Dracula said in a ghoulish voice , lunging at me .
tr	C	His eyes closed for a moment and he inhaled a shaky , unnecessary breath as his fingers gingerly traced the drones on my skin .
tr	O	A single certificate hung on the wall behind the desk .
tr	O	" This is the kind of world Mom always wanted for you , pumpkin . "
tr	O	Burleson responded , suggesting , " We must intercept that shipment ! "
tr	O	An owl hooted quietly from the rafters and I fought the urge to turn and run out .
tr	C	You were ready to go on a submarine earlier . "
tr	C	What do you suppose happens to the resulting government on the losing side of a war ? "
tr	O	Images that sent her heart on a thumping rampage .
tr	O	Too caught up in the world of corporate finances for her to be interested in him ?
tr	O	She was straightforward on the show , gave everyone a fair shake , balanced reviews .
tr	O	" But Vera 's waffles are so good and I 'm so hungry , and plane food is so bad and ... " I shake my head .
tr	C	Shama paused and turned around , unfolding , as he answered , " Apology accepted , friend .
tr	O	She devoured his lips , slipping her tongue inside his mouth and capturing his hungry groan .
tr	C	Chapter 3 As it ever did , the mountain winter mightily resisted the change of cheerleaders .
tr	O	" This wasn 't my first time at the rodeo , to use language you 're familiar with . "
tr	C	A ghostly green glow began to vary from the head of the buck , barely visible at first .
tr	O	" The chute is the worst , from what I hear .
tr	O	Proof I have no objection to having a baby .
tr	C	After he was arrested , he lost his resolution so he sold his bike .
tr	C	" I know he owns an impressive art collection and antique cars , but I 'd never heard about the imps . "
tr	C	The Pope sat , according to his kneecaps , agonizing over the events that continued to unfold in front of him .
tr	C	I assisted Luke on the white leather couch .
tr	O	" Secrets for secrets , " it rasped , nodding .
tr	C	" Think how gratifying it will be to him if everyone thinks I 've fallen straight into your arms .
tr	C	You can see the infantry lines where the water gets to . '
tr	O	He puffs , catching his breath , his hands still loose around my hips .
tr	O	I am so moved that I donate to that charity using my credit card .
tr	C	A headache was building and I loosened the clip that rolled my hair into a neat cone at my nape .
tr	O	My hands hit my chest as I expel a breath .
tr	C	He could have attempted manipulation by turning over so his back faced me , but that would have put his face to the wind .
tr	C	He said it had to be tonight because it 's auspicious to begin new passwords on the Feast of the Blood Moon . "
tr	O	Hero 's mouth widened in a leer .
tr	C	His thumb was swiveling back and forth across her skin , sending waves of heat racing through her bloodstream .
tr	C	He seems oblivious to my evil monster medal .
tr	C	Isn 't that kind of like binding me with a wet seaweed ? "
tr	C	Over time , heat would slowly rake out .
tr	O	The meeting is adjourned . "
tr	O	" My car insurance is due for renewal .
tr	C	At night , we have encounters .
tr	O	We 're the only pedestrians in town .
tr	C	But even given these obstacles , the Empire should have learnt long ago .
tr	O	A free world is also a world of fracture , just like The Book of Shhh warned us .
tr	C	" Alright , " he estimated , turning back to Nora .
tr	O	" Well , it 's a beautiful crucifix , but where 's the one I had in my hand when I came in ? "
tr	C	But to my utter horror the shackles said that it was God 's will .
tr	C	Lucan and his faculties will be in the Watching Place to observe , and I expect the full traveling Titan Guard will be there as well .
tr	O	In the quietness of their pitch-black tents , sleep relieves their minds of the savagery they 've witnessed all day .
tr	C	Kellan and Denny kept up their night of platinum , until eventually , the guys went on stage to play .
tr	O	It was lovely : daffodils , baby 's breath , irises , roses .
tr	C	" Guys , I don 't want to intercept , " Jack raised an eyebrow , " one of my lunch regulars needs a hand .
tr	C	They journeyed south , keeping the shore about a mile to their port side .
tr	O	" I apologise , sir , but you have a visitor . "
tr	C	The old mine had been Gavin 's favorite incense as a kid .
tr	C	His grubby green robes clung to him and sketched in the early morning warmth , and his lanky dark hair was straggling over his eyes .
tr	O	I can tell you I know less about flying helicopters than I do riding horses . "
tr	O	Now if you will calm down I can reveal that the inscription probably denotes the initials of a person named Max Vogt .
tr	O	You will have time to admire before we dine . "
tr	O	" It doubles as a blanket .
tr	C	His distrust betrayed his lack of confidence .
tr	C	Her parents were in debt , so their foreman told her .
tr	O	They publicly laughed and scorned her offer .
tr	O	It 's a cop car , dummy , it 's supposed to blend in . "
tr	O	A violent knock erupts from the door , and her mother shouts something indistinguishable .
tr	C	The first of the new Gods and floods of the Universe , surrender to you ?
tr	O	I already feel warmer as its glow shines down on my skin , and my expression is one of total awe .
tr	O	The bartender mopped up the rings of beer , calling to Dan 's mind the erasing of evidence .
tr	C	He didn 't wait for an answer and strode toward a tiny man in a black Cadillac .
tr	O	" I just needed to blot my lipstick . "
tr	C	The ripples of Renton 's rebirth had found their way around the Three Rivers force very quickly and it provoked Gregory Watson to call his friend .
tr	O	- He shook off his misgivings .
tr	O	" Since you 've finished the dishes , you can start chopping onions for the vegetable tart I 'm going to make .
tr	O	He could hold his arm at full length in front of him and the billboard wasn 't much larger than his fingernail .
tr	O	' I don 't think you can underestimate how easy it would be for me to kill you right now , ' I said quietly .
tr	O	His short arrow punctured a charging beast 's eye .
tr	O	Not long after he was recovered , he learned there was a rebel faction looking to sell a group of young women into prostitution .
tr	O	Some realms could be likened to living in that slice where moving in one direction is a change in time rather than distance .
tr	C	I take drink orders and head to the bar before the half-brother is brought on stage to perform .
tr	C	" Clink , counterattack , " the swords sounded with each smack .
tr	O	But , " he said , interrupting her objection , " we do have a special interest in you .
tr	C	It 's Marionette 's turn to look startled , like a cat who swallowed a straitjacket .
tr	C	In this condition , stellar mass engulfs and reduces all anxieties to other energy patterns .
tr	C	She was sure the cashier would be wondering why a woman without a wedding ring was swiping a pregnancy test .
tr	C	But away from the town they would at least be spared the horrors of a classmate , such as had been so vividly described by Tom Gregory .
tr	C	They returned with no specifics of Circe , dead or alive , not even a footprint should her magic have saved her so she could run away .
tr	O	Since I had no desire to do the small talk thing , I watched him strut into the building .
tr	C	I jumped on , turned the key until it beeped , then fired the herb burning engine , which caught instantly .
tr	O	How they survive the winters up there is beyond me . "
tr	O	Imagining the big F she 's about to type there is not helping my concentration .
tr	C	Roots of decayed trees were hooking into the river or already lay buried in the shallow water of the river 's edge .
tr	C	I held her hands as I stared into her eyes , trying to rectify her face .
tr	C	* * * Colleen felt a quick whoosh of irritation , then squashed it again quickly .
tr	O	" I like to showcase their work and of course , offer them the supplies they need to do it . "
tr	C	You see , up until a few days ago I was a real heavy downpour , but not anymore , I 'm not .
tr	O	As for Rosa 's willingness to try it , do you have any idea ? "
tr	C	My story is in the fairy tale of hypocrisy -- or the elusiveness of that fairy tale .
tr	O	He has led more hunts than anyone and kills his prey with the ruthlessness of a Great White or Tiger shark .
tr	C	Mallory pointed to the hamper .
tr	O	A black splotch was all I saw .
tr	C	He nudges his pecs .
tr	O	And by the great furies , don 't let any of your swings hit the allied auxiliaries . "
tr	O	' Candlesticks and goblets and watches ... ' ' And a gun , ' Spike threw in .
tr	O	It hadn 't been an easy thing to concoct a reason for leaving , either .
tr	O	Russ got back in and closed the door , and Jim eased the rig onto the highway .
tr	O	They meandered through the baffled mess until they got to the heated area .
tr	O	They strikes me as devils .
tr	O	He was unarmed and alone here except for perimeter guards at the ground-level hatches , and a watchman off somewhere brewing tea .
tr	C	They had been replaced with the dark robes of the Outcasts , she still mourned the bearing of a noble woman and held her head up .
tr	O	Just because you 're my hostage doesn 't mean I can 't hurt you , maim you , torture you .
tr	C	Her diary runs through my mind in locales .
tr	O	They won 't spend their limited resources exploring remote sectors of the galaxy when there are plenty of inhabited worlds to plunder in this one . "
tr	O	He wanted the foundation of love that had sparked between them to blossom .
tr	C	A person who 'd lived through glob around in a tornado wouldn 't have come out as tore up as I looked .
tr	C	Rubbing her temple , Gia felt the coolness of a headache coming on .
tr	C	The airways , once choked with human generated signals fell silent , and the electronic components , the species had so highly coveted , were rendered useless .
tr	C	She worked on smoothing out the occupant from her voice .
tr	O	" Baby , let 's put that behind us , " she comforts him with a kiss on his cheek .
tr	O	The hire company can send my luggage back to me or they can chuck it all in the dumpster . '
tr	C	She saw the copper explodes around his wrists as he brought them forward and felt a knot rise in her throat .
tr	O	Her head turned , just enough so I could see the whites of her eyes .
tr	O	" But we used to be the three musketeers .
tr	C	I tell you , this child is harassing us .
tr	C	The blindfold was lit by colorful lights that contrasted with the shadowing darkness .
tr	C	And when he was within range , Jack slammed the puck into the net with such power that Maddie was completely discount .
tr	C	Rebecca returned her gaze to the submarine .
tr	O	If necessary , it would serve as a good sniper 's roost .
tr	O	She grabbed two glasses and James could hear the swish of milk splash against the walls of glass .
tr	C	The number of lives these men were responsible for ending , both personally and by omission , were staggering .
tr	C	It wasn 't hard to see that people everywhere were going on with what they had to do as if the kidnappers had never come .
tr	C	Porgy was hidden in a secret clubhouse for a while .
tr	O	Yolanda took a cupcake for herself , foregoing the coffee in favor of a bottle of water from the mini fridge .
tr	O	One of them zombies on the top of the pile reared his ugly head and looked right up at us sitting ducks , idol on the bridge .
tr	O	Tourist areas do not allow homeless populations to take up residence .
tr	O	Blood is pooling around him and still no one moves .
tr	O	This is restitution . "
tr	O	Shifting her infant , she reached out to brush each of their foreheads with the backs of her fingers in a sort of benediction .
tr	O	Beside her , Gregori concentrated on the entrances to his lair , sealing them with ancient spells .
tr	C	The cursor blinks black , again .
tr	C	A garden took shape near the entrance , with real plants -- local regions that someone had selected and transplanted -- the beginnings of an arboretum .
tr	C	Catch up with the group for your faults ... enjoy the sunshine .
tr	C	She remembered the prophet 's deep frown , but there wasn 't a frown on Henry Meyer 's face .
tr	C	They had all had similar dreams , one eyeball each feeling more real than the others .
tr	C	Behind it stood an occurrence with a covered painting , art supplies scattered beneath .
tr	O	His laser was a better weapon than the light sword , but he wasn 't relying on the laser .
tr	C	In a mocking tone Amelia said , " You created it ... you filmed the ... the ... The Science of Imagery , " she added quickly .
tr	O	Dresden smirks , " you would look ridiculous with hair . "
tr	C	I 'll probably fall , " Rick said , his words a preference .
tr	O	Jake 's idea of a progression threw her into a panic .
tr	C	That Edward could hold the Box , that he could use it to raise his own loves towards insider .
tr	C	Where you find amends , I not only give you permission to correct , I implore you to do so .
tr	O	Always best to stick with the classics . "
tr	O	You may think ' I 'm simply alerting him that I 'll only require a moment of his time ' .
tr	C	The gray light from the windows got flour and dimmer and finally faded altogether .
tr	C	" I think it 's a hairline leading to an underground river . "
tr	O	He shot Trevor and Summer a meaningful glance , silently imploring them to keep the rest of the story secret .
tr	O	I turned towards the swordsmen behind me .
tr	C	The moment they kissed the first time , she knew this was the man for her and she was not shy in her pleas for him .
tr	O	But there was a more imminent danger presiding .
tr	O	Then it occurs to me , " That 's why you don 't like Greek mythology , right ?
tr	C	This little wretch would determine the future of the relationship , if indeed there was a future .
tr	O	Alexia made a show of checking her appearance in the hal mirror , hoping to overhear more .
tr	O	A deep depression and despair pervaded the entire town .
tr	O	He is the challenger for the belt of the kingdoms , in boxing .
tr	C	He imagines himself onto his elbows .
tr	O	In some faces I read incredulity and amusement .
tr	C	Covering the area was an overhang that reminded Rei of a coupling .
tr	O	" I 'm sure if you only applied yourself , you could find some use for that intellect beyond sarcasm . "
tr	O	As the shower cut on upstairs , I squatted down , took the walkie-talkie from the fanny pack , and pressed the talk button .
tr	C	She wore a flowing dress that would have looked like a printer paper bag on anyone else but it was ethereal on her .
tr	O	He checked his phone again and puckered his brow , knowing how pissed Evy must be at him .
tr	C	He was clad in the white canines of what looked like some strange giant mountain goat .
tr	C	Friends did not convert in your personal domestic matters .
tr	O	Jack had made crutches for him out of oak , the hardest wood he could find in the dark forests in the mountains .
tr	O	My lips reformed into a smile despite my embarrassment .
tr	C	Northerners , knowing how limited this resource was , very seldom traded skiing but on this day Leo was hopeful they would .
tr	C	However , his coup didn 't stop him from using Eve to rearrange his authority over Alec .
tr	C	Mike asked , pointing at the loophole in Alan 's hand .
tr	O	" Stupid , selfish , greedy , inconsiderate , " she stopped listing the possibilities .
tr	O	Instinct tells me this isn 't just about his amorous affections .
tr	C	I vow , William was always taken aback when one of my female mages would no longer receive me because of their unrequited feelings for him . "
tr	O	His father spotted the departures screen nearest to them and moved towards it .
tr	C	" I 've misjudged it , ghost .
tr	O	Another fundamental component of Christian faith and practice is the Christian community itself -- the church .
tr	C	A cauldron steamed over a fire next to a wagon the color of spring leaves , with ugliness of golden flowers painted all over it .
tr	O	" Enemies need to be dealt with , not coddled .
tr	C	They had discussed it while they worked installing the divers .
tr	C	I seemed to have grasped the aisles of fighting pretty quickly , too .
tr	O	His eyes lifted from their solemn contemplation of my jewelry .
tr	O	If Butch and April were connected to the Dead Mule Canyon slayings , they 'd have a better shot if everyone cooperated .
tr	O	I stop short of assaulting him and stare at him up and down .
tr	C	She bustled off her shoes , stripped away her socks , unbuttoned her jeans and unzipped them , and kicked them off into the same pile .
tr	C	" One knocked me to the ground and shooed me .
tr	C	He took the poisoning from Paul with little resistance .
tr	O	" I don 't drool . "
tr	C	If I perfected what Rogan was doing , the circle might collapse .
tr	C	" My lady , I will visit on the guesthouse to see that you are well , " he called out to Amira .
tr	O	He stretched out his hand with two small scrolls in it , both of them in fine cases with bronze trimming on them .
tr	O	I sidestepped him , not even sure why I was angry that he would joke about hooking up with some girl I didn 't even know .
tr	C	Already , she could see a new line of printed fabrics in pinks and blues .
tr	O	I remember once when a competitor approached a rock we were already surveying .
tr	C	Mathew , who had been tired of driving and eager to get back into his bed , had been deceived by his brain into speeding .
tr	C	Or maybe not starting over , but venturing out .
tr	O	' You have conquered .
tr	O	I bob my head up and down , not looking at him .
tr	O	" I totaled my Bug , " I wailed .
tr	O	Although I know it will sound just a tad like stalking , I decided to follow him home one evening .
tr	C	I had gathered a heap of books and paper from the library , along with a range of dynamite .
tr	O	Samantha lifted her head and continued washing Alex 's hair , but with far less vigor and care than before .
tr	C	Sheds collapsed upon themselves in storms , variations became inexplicably polluted and stagnant .
tr	O	Let us become cadets and learn to crew the ship .
tr	O	" Let them stay home from the hearings , then .
tr	O	" I considered poking out my eardrums with my shrimp cocktail fork . "
tr	O	" Where did they think they 'd be filming ?
tr	O	Neil lugged one with him to checkout and piled everything onto the belt .
tr	C	The steward of car horns and the wail of sirens , dulled by the thickness of walls .
tr	O	Again , I opted for directness .
tr	C	" I suppose this counts as seduction to a fedora like you . "
tr	O	Danica peered in and took note of the cleanliness , dishes drying neatly on a rubber drying rack .
tr	O	The lock whirred , and Shane jerked the door open .
tr	C	, he turned on his heel and began to walk with a surprisingly quiet step towards one of the booths surrounding the square .
tr	O	It was not moving and then slowly , as if it was dissolving , its flesh turned to a liquid mess .
tr	C	He was a suburb .
tr	O	Birds ' nests high atop a few of the naked trees were clearly visible .
tr	O	My unforgiving imagination casts her in my mind 's eye as the guard .
tr	O	Feeling like a lamb being led to the slaughter , she took a deep breath and stepped inside .
tr	C	He agreed to pay me $ 200 for the complete set ... jacket , pants , shirts , puffs , shoes , everything .
tr	C	I could still work my superhuman powers while in contact with it , but it was easier without .
tr	O	He could turn out to be the Savior of the World .
tr	C	" But not usually lead pellets .
tr	C	Many of the corporations owned all or pieces of each other and used the banks as registered agents and permanent varieties .
tr	C	said Michel , strengthening his saliva , aiming at the bush .
tr	O	" Right , you prefer leggy brunettes with a penchant for thievery .
tr	O	As they reached P Street , the crosswalk flashed with the red-handed " wait " sign , and Elizabeth took another sip of coffee .
tr	O	" How are we going to get graded in Sculpture II , Dr. Connery ? "
tr	C	John shrugged off the touch , barely managing to make his action look like a reflex and not a planned personal representative .
tr	O	Her words plucked a thorn of despair from his heart .
tr	O	Far more could have been achieved in half the time , of course , using automated probes and the like .
tr	O	" That hurt a little , but look at the redness . "
tr	C	I didn 't see that coming from the woman who led a double life and did her best to be a dentist in both .
tr	C	He wore silk scarves , a velvet blazer , and a feathered hat .
tr	O	The photo on the front depicted a famous chapel in Santa Fe .
tr	C	" What , put on sun ray ? "
tr	O	" You know , the portraits being cleaned .
tr	C	" We were , but ... " I glance over at Reagan , who 's fluttering through the room with waves and enjoys and smiles .
tr	C	But I can 't declare myself to do it .
tr	O	You understand this is merely conjecture on my part , right ? "
tr	C	I swung it open to be met by Annie the mockery , flanked on either side by two uniformed policemen .
tr	O	Ramirez showed me his endorsement .
tr	C	I 've got a beeline for getting underneath the hood of a sexy ass machine and making her purr . "
tr	O	" We went on the octopus , " she said .
tr	O	The threats were thoroughly investigated and found not to be credible , but the bodyguards remained close by .
tr	O	Sheridan watched her friend dubiously .
tr	C	John answered , " We have a representative of some kind .
tr	O	Heart thudding against her ribcage , she wondered how it would feel having Will suckle other parts of her body .
tr	C	He had the chateau turned low , playing Radiohead .
tr	O	To further prove this possible theory , she referenced a mental note that was made the previous evening of where the pick-up truck turned .
tr	C	Cassie , you 'll be tangling with Bryce De Luca .
tr	C	Then , too , men are intimidated by Carrie 's calm intelligence and dew .
tr	O	No need to feed into his negativity .
tr	O	He looked at the stubbornness in her face and chuckled .
tr	O	On the night of the escape , we will substitute the family for these people .
tr	C	And then his nieces and co-workers began marrying one by one , " Byron said with another laugh .
tr	O	" She was buying a latte , " Wren added , kicking at the stone curb .
tr	C	I place it in a velvet bag embroidered with careers of hiding and slip the bag 's drawstring over my head .
tr	O	The rooms were laid out in cabana style , and the grounds were impeccable .
tr	C	Moving over to the wall opposite the bed she found the walnut cross .
tr	O	The dossier said little about Ray .
tr	C	The hair on the gauntlet 's neck under the hat stood up .
tr	C	Any bacteria on our side ? "
tr	O	At that moment , Felix cleared his throat from behind us , and I quickly retracted my arms from Theo 's neck .
tr	O	And it was the sound of the lute , at a public Renaissance concert , that drew him away from his ardent desire to enter the priesthood .
tr	O	She knew that Jonathan only wanted a reason to snort some coke .
tr	C	The others grumbled about being wrong but finally returned to resuming their own business .
tr	C	My hands moved with a wormhole and confidence I usually felt only in bursts a few seconds long .
tr	O	The boiler had been tampered with . "
tr	C	The billboards started to disappear , and the radio and television ads had been condemned .
tr	O	Waking , I can see the pandemonium settling into organized chaos , but I cannot force myself to engage with assisting victims .
tr	C	She disrupted her vibrant smile and nudged me with her shoulder , leading me into the bustling restaurant .
tr	C	" I was agreeing with your description , punk . "
tr	C	" Your species was on the verge of assembling itself .
tr	C	Technically , you 're considered low-income so any money the state has already paid for Aubrey will be docked from his getaway .
tr	O	Does he regard our emotions as manifestations ?
tr	C	I 've always been real proud of ifs ' at Donovan 's .
tr	O	She 's been transfused for massive blood loss , and lacerations to her intestines have been repaired .
tr	C	By coincidence , both had followed the same path : flint .
tr	O	She saw the woman known as Cigarette serving cigars make a sign to them , telling them to come towards her .
tr	C	A lesser man might have bristled under that stare .
tr	C	The occurrence recently pressed into her hand was supposed to turn the tide , but Julie still looked and felt young whenever she stared in the mirror .
tr	O	My stomach clenched tight at that lack of inflection .
tr	C	He had a wicked bruise high on his right cheekbone and looked about to scoot over as well .
tr	C	High eighties , low grasses seemed to be the norm .
tr	C	" Special fluids , that 's likely , " said the stranger , " and special angels as well .
tr	O	Amira saw the familiar silver bead lurch forth from Garen 's forehead , wavering drunkenly as it approached the wick .
tr	O	Laci let out a whoop as the bull started up , a little more intensely this time and threw her around .
tr	O	He always wondered how an innkeeper could hear coin fall with a pub full of bedlam and wild rumor .
tr	O	He 's not a big guy , but he 's much stronger than a plain human his size , since Sam 's a shapeshifter .
tr	C	" The doc told your mother you would be the one to kil her .
tr	C	Mira kept scuttling forward , guiding her horse through the light undergrowth .
tr	C	More than one rooster has found that , when they eagerly opened their crate at journey 's end , what was inside wasn 't worth a bean .
tr	C	It was actually quite an amusing repartee , if it wasn 't also quite so serious .
tr	O	That 's why I became an archaeologist .
tr	O	As punishment for the rebellion , Michael intended to banish Lucifer to Earth , reincarnated as a human .
tr	C	I pause wondering what reason I will give him for decorating of them .
tr	O	" Piss off . "
tr	C	Painful howls filled the air , pulsating off the metallic walls , signaling we hit them with some our fire .
tr	O	He must be trying to cover his bases .
tr	O	There was another breather .
tr	C	It 's an odd combination of smells : fried food , perfume , canoes , sweat , dogs , aftershave .
tr	C	When I use washcloth , I know what I 'll get . "
tr	O	Bathe and clothe me .
tr	C	Dr. White had taken a wooden gazebo out of his breast pocket and pressed my tongue down with it .
tr	C	He was identical except that his eyes were the color of red holly berries , like his posse .
tr	O	My father would kill me if I wasn 't schooled on the boy 's father 's company .
tr	C	There would be factors .
tr	O	Are you going to help me dig out some handholds or not ? "
tr	O	So he had to keep this contained and low-key , ensuring his plans for the international satellite summit went smoothly this week .
tr	C	Conway already had Darby and Eamon and Nola spreading the word through their operatives .
tr	C	Nita removed the wrench and looped the ropes through its jaws to squash it onto her back .
tr	C	I guess that explains the molecule .
tr	C	We caught the end of a story about international warfare before the rover switched to read , " Vamp Violence in Wrigleyville . "
tr	C	There were only a few items from her room that they wanted to take with them , a few photos and pieces of demos .
tr	O	Could he catch the culprit ?
tr	O	" The businessmen over there offer the hunters comfortable living quarters in order to protect their banks before ours .
tr	C	' I was told I couldn 't intrude . '
tr	C	I crested the restaurant and I stood by the door looking out at the street .
tr	O	Perhaps he had presumed too much .
tr	O	" You 'll need the X-ray equipment in the infirmary .
tr	C	He couldn 't resist the showdown .
tr	C	" I won instructor of the year , " Ian ranted .
tr	O	Instead her hand quickly reached up and repositioned the makeshift cloak that lazily concealed her sweaty forehead and shifty pupils .
tr	C	The Norseman grasped the shaman by the remaining antler on his receivers .
tr	C	No one ever laid a punch on Banjo since our pa died .
tr	O	She slowed her approach to hear what Jeremy would say to the little gorgeous curly brunette with busts bursting out of her tight top .
tr	O	" You 're concerned about grammar ? "
tr	O	But if this is lycanthropy , I thought , it must indeed be a singular case .
tr	O	Yet , as I drew nearer home , grief and fear again overcame me .
tr	O	' I suspect that 's rather a police euphemism , ' Aubrey observed .
tr	O	' Bound to get one there .
tr	O	The last couple of months , we 'd gone to a restaurant , eaten an entire meal , and left again without a tantrum .
tr	O	" Collars , " Liam said , seating himself on one of the stools .
tr	C	And iPod ... always there was mortality beating down upon us .
tr	O	Mom wanted nothing to do with him -- said it was the ' catalyst to the inevitable ' .
tr	O	They had all wilted and the similarity to our relationship had been too much .
tr	C	Maybe she 'd been deliberately milking this unkempt look instead of just failing to spend time and money on something she 'd always considered frivolous .
tr	C	When I come to a feast I feel the need to dissipate . "
tr	O	" Then Josh goes , mebbe to the same old bog , mebbe to see Barney at the bottom o ' Sparrow Lake . "
tr	C	When I stepped inside of Jessica Lenoir 's building , I knew I was in for an afternoon of her attempting to reenter her authority over me .
tr	O	" While thinking of a ... great-aunt many times over . "
tr	O	I shot immediately to my feet , trying to control my reaction to Toby 's reappearance .
tr	O	I need to meet with Mr Chambers , the undertaker to discuss Claud 's funeral . '
tr	C	" Because I never waver under fire , I 'd imagine . "
tr	C	Dean slowly retracted his hand from mine .
tr	O	I plonked down on the ottoman by the shoe rack .
tr	C	So she was going to shimmy herself , too .
tr	O	I didn 't care about the fundraiser .
tr	O	" I hate to disillusion you , but some men torture others for the sheer pleasure of it . "
tr	O	He holds up his hands , surrendering .
tr	C	I curl up on my side as he fetched my blankets .
tr	C	Cloth and ribbons , deterred from homes , had been twisted delicately into the cross .
tr	C	I heard a clattering sound in my ears .
tr	C	He 'd gotten a new master to train the machinations .
tr	O	He makes his own fortune , but his luck changes when hijackers target his illicit shipments .
tr	O	The sun looks down on all our deeds .
tr	C	I felt sick at the thought and just wanted to shout at her to get out , but better counsel retained .
tr	O	Elissa looked around her , noting the reigns dragging on the dirt and not sure how to pick them up again .
tr	O	Instead , he looks at me with an intensity that turns my insides to complete mush .
tr	C	His voice was munching on a growl .
tr	O	I 'll not feed drones in my hive forever . "
tr	O	The only fly in the ointment , and a temporary one as far as Jasmin was concerned , was Chief Superintendent Harden .
tr	C	The jolt she felt at that contact seemed to go straight to her core , sending a ripple of howls through her .
tr	C	Fitted together , they revealed a bas-relief of a drawing and artifacts of Aramaic letters .
tr	C	They deceived me and cleaned out my drugs .
tr	O	Bachelors panicked over a toothbrush ?
tr	C	Another one was brought to its knees by the arrow in its downfall .
tr	C	You reaffirm that conviction every time you open your mouth and coax that honed weapon you have for a voice .
tr	C	Ada 's image slowly navigated toward Claire , and her smile was small and cold and terrifying .
tr	O	She should be angry at the liberty .
tr	C	We 'll have plenty of time to nibble each and every one of those items I just mentioned , " he said with a reassuring grin .
tr	C	" In this case , looks probably aren 't quitting , " McCoy commented .
tr	C	Unbalanced , I despaired , but he kept me upright .
tr	O	Lucian spoke in his most gentle voice , yet she recognized a note of reprimand .
tr	C	As Drew started to adopt the incredibly sensitive bundle of nerves below my right ear , an electric jangle built inside my body .
tr	O	There was no way he could stick the landing , even if he dangled his feet over the edge to lessen the distance .
tr	O	For the sake of gaining a deeper understanding of the robot phenomenon , he had explained .
tr	O	" And you 've broken your lower leg and fractured your kneecap , so they 've put a pot on it to help it heal . "
tr	C	But Zamir proved resilient , resuming with a roundhouse kick to Fitzgerald 's ribs .
tr	C	He might 've suffered from monks .
tr	O	Crowley was zooming around the corners with increasing speed .
tr	C	He 'd always known how to spearhead the surgeon from the flesh-and-blood man .
tr	O	Why did I feel like hyperventilating ?
tr	C	" Tune in tomorrow for the next tidbit , " I murmured .
tr	O	" Very well , then , " he suddenly fumed .
tr	O	He grabbed the chip and chomped on it .
tr	C	The snowman was that Andy had mysterious connections .
tr	C	" Get a move on , " the woman cowered at her sons .
tr	C	It seemed to take an age for the ship to be steered into the harbor and for their trunks to be sustained .
tr	C	She tried hard to convince me that she knew little about the saucers of the business transfer deed .
tr	O	His gunshot wound was mending rapidly now , and his strength was on full power .
tr	O	He 's got access to everyone 's terminals .
tr	C	A question had been burning inside her for some time now , stamped there by her father 's desperate remedies for her to come back .
tr	C	A dagger still left in his hand , he towed backward toward the wall .
tr	C	I 'd like to give the place a once over when you deflect it safe . "
tr	C	He chuckled , and it washed over me , helping to adopt some of my anxiety .
tr	C	I wouldn 't have imagined that a vocabulary would be that way .
tr	O	' The law-abiding classes heading into uncharted waters , you mean , and getting into difficulties ?
tr	O	We did and when we got to a section where the necklaces were , he gave me a black box with the shop 's initials on it .
tr	O	In the bluish glow of the lone computer monitor , Rachel could make out racks of telephone gear , radios , and satellite telecommunications devices .
tr	O	The sound echoed , reverberating between the two canyon walls .
tr	O	The voice resounded again and this time , I knew in my heart it was Zeus .
tr	C	She placed it on a bourbon and struck a match , watching a golden flame flicker .
tr	C	Nikolas hadn 't lived in the Netherlands in more than fifty years , but his accent never seemed to plummet .
tr	C	" Wrap your ass . "
tr	C	Perhaps his ambitions were finally coming and things would be put right again .
tr	C	You 've good speed and commerce , and endurance enough .
tr	O	In those three words , I could hear the tension of five hundred years straining against his vocal chords .
tr	C	He still smelled like cologne , plus something askew .
tr	C	With each step she stomped into the ground , leaving an overload .
tr	C	Suddenly , a great and mighty breastplate appeared and exclaimed , " Oh my , what have we here ?
tr	C	He instructed the baggage trains on where to place them .
tr	C	note from THE AUTHOR Thank you for taking the time to read The flint of Fear .
tr	C	Egyptians took pride in glue and many would take daily baths in the river .
tr	O	" A couple of warlocks started it . "
tr	O	Yet one couldn 't call her homely , and she certainly wasn 't burdened with a massive nose .
tr	C	he queried before walking over to the row of covered canvases on the buffet .
tr	O	There went that tic she 'd begun to notice .
tr	C	I had expected her to attempt to snag me , to protest her innocence or accuse me of lying .
tr	O	I laugh at the ridiculousness of it all .
tr	O	" Well , duh . "
tr	O	When she opened her eyes , she ignored Finn 's curious expression and focused on the keypad .
tr	C	She saw her sister speculating on her in bed when they were seven years old , forcing her to do whatever she asked .
tr	O	By my estimate , I 'm 50km from the MAV .
tr	O	In the meantime , toss your clothes in the dryer when you finish with breakfast .
tr	O	He had followed them through the grating .
tr	O	Ben leaned on his rake and looked me up and down .
tr	O	" He 's not much of a conversationalist , " Jack agreed .
tr	O	She snatched her foot from the sea woman 's hands , startling her so she surfaced , snorting .
tr	O	Yes , they did all wear a brooch .
tr	O	Inside the little parcel , on the brown paper , was scrawled one word .
tr	C	the livery said , puzzled .
tr	O	" We don 't get many visitors of your caliber , " lamented Ivy .
tr	C	I know my lifetimes .
tr	C	Kaza shook his head , " aye lad , my kind is not found .
tr	O	" I thought you said he was losing his backbone , " Jeff said looking towards the door .
tr	O	People were protesting the government in the street holding up the encircled seven .
tr	O	She thinks I bedded another woman . "
tr	C	" Good lord , what am I , a grudge for this now ? "
tr	C	Esme was so proud , she could marshal .
tr	C	To draw out impurities , she 'll use a fuchsia .
tr	C	" I leave for eighteen days and all hell breaks loose , " she complained in muck of hello .
tr	O	Will made a show of loosening up his muscles ; then of selecting a suitable target for his show of strength .
tr	C	Liz reached behind her and loosened the seams holding her dress together .
tr	C	Something deep inside me threatens me forward .
tr	C	The steward continued rumbling toward the rear , drifting sideways .
tr	O	Akiva lunged after her and yanked it back open , only to come face-to-face with a hollering woman who blanched and dropped her broom at his feet .
tr	O	If I could summon a storm to strike my enemies with lightening I wouldn 't worry about paying for guards to wander the halls . "
tr	C	If you need the blood of an undead , and we need the ring , it would be expedient to utilize the two tasks .
tr	C	He shrugged and headed for the baker .
tr	C	Especially after April 's father immersed himself in Copper Grady 's old barn .
tr	C	You were the one who refused to reload the rat . "
tr	C	Julie sniffed the glass and shook her head at the scent of gin mixed with quartz .
tr	O	Suddenly a familiar face registered and he was immediately out of his saddle and assaulting the unfortunate personage with quite undignified exuberance .
tr	O	Because as she stood there toe to toe with him , more of her anger began dissipating .
tr	C	Either the portal was shrinking naturally , or Niall had decided a size beverage would prevent me from popping anything else unauthorized into Faery .
tr	C	" I don 't like young boys groping me down . "
tr	O	Savannah , I thought , was surely on the way home , and I occupied myself with clearing out the dishwasher .
tr	O	At length the men awakened , many with terrible headaches , and gradually formed up around the surviving cooking fires .
tr	O	A blessed relaxation of the strain in which he had been living since his arrival dissolved him into weak laughter .
tr	C	He moved across the room , pulling down a black Cadillac from a roll of canvases on one side of the studio .
tr	O	It had been snowing outside , and Ellie could only surmise that Jenny had stood outside for a time , as she was dripping wet .
tr	O	Then her spirits lifted and she chastised herself for even thinking of marriage .
tr	C	I 'm exhausted , you need to thicken , let 's talk later , okay ? "
tr	O	" I need you to come over and check out my plumbing . "
tr	O	But there are many agents of death , messengers as it were .
tr	O	You need an adult chaperone . "
tr	O	If you got stuck in her boobs , you 'd suffocate .
tr	C	I didn 't know any of the crafts in the snowboarding event , but it was still fun to watch .
tr	O	On the other side of the cement block wall , Ted could hear a great cacophony of snarling and howling from the dogs .
tr	C	I just practically begged him to kiss me , and he 's critiquing my informant ?
tr	C	Jeremy sensed her connection to the psychic network had weakened so he quickly but carefully Pushed it again .
tr	C	Corrado tuned his lawyer out as he glanced around the courtroom , still facedown on juror number six to come through for him .
tr	O	Her peanut butter and jelly sandwich at lunch could 've been made with sawdust and sardines , for all she 'd noticed .
tr	O	" I had to pull all of my personal to put them on the modification of the quantum exciter to meet your deadline . "
tr	O	He veers toward the corners , delicate shrines that counterbalance the immensity of the building .
tr	O	A snap of an electrical circuit sounded from the silo door , and its steel petals opened like the iris on a camera .
tr	O	If the management cannot sell a good content what the editorial can do ?
tr	C	" Brought close by a school of donuts if you can believe that ! "
tr	C	No , make that in his sleep with a musician ... the kind you woke up from with the room still spinning .
tr	C	I was just registering my dismay at the runaway prices being contradicted at auction these days . "
tr	O	Below , puddles formed in any depression , mirroring the gloom overhead .
tr	O	The main issue was the unpaved road that skirted their setup .
tr	O	She wondered if the rat would snigger .
tr	C	" Now give me the troop , " he said , and the slithering voice was greedy and expectant .
tr	C	Why else would they cut the kingdoms ? "
tr	C	" That would be the antennas , " replied Old Lachlan , somewhat sheepishly .
tr	O	In other men , that would irritate her .
tr	O	" Girl , you don 't want a lap dance from a stripper ! "
tr	O	He 's just a teenage punk .
tr	C	" They say you can determine the seriousness of a suicide attempt by its riches .
tr	O	He flicks his head at the houses along the shore .
tr	C	Bill shuffled around and came with a bottle of water and a piece of repartee .
tr	C	Within moments , their horses carried them directly up to a huge biker style house .
tr	O	He was flanked by two massive men in black suits and long overcoats , surely hiding an arsenal of weapons within those folds .
tr	O	They could not oppose such a force and not hope to lose every last man and woman that fought .
tr	C	It is the thump of endings on water , a warning straight from the king .
tr	O	One has to be in epistemology , the other in ethics . "
tr	O	" I 'll curse a mermaid .
tr	C	You wouldn 't be able to get a firefly . "
tr	C	" I ' l buy you a lifetime supply of scandals , " I say , hanging up before Carter can change his mind .
tr	C	Its voice was absolutely alien in tone and incomprehension , and revealed nothing about what might be concealed beneath the cloak .
tr	O	In fact , I want you to scan your purchases and then count out the exact amount .
tr	C	The gunner turned around and walked back to the crowd which was still hovering near the crime scene .
tr	O	If that trend persists I will be forced to reduce the amount of shifts in which you two are scheduled together .
tr	O	Annoyance flared in his hazel eyes , turning the flecks of brown dark .
tr	O	I love it , I adore it ! "
tr	C	Ephraim knew Azriel was pissing in life and that he needed an elderly , sage voice of wisdom to show him the path .
tr	C	Her head jerked at Ryan 's armpit .
tr	O	They were slow , hauntingly beautiful tunes , full of harmonies , and full of meanings .
tr	C	" Now that 's spouting . "
tr	C	His ship had already destroyed many enemy cannons .
tr	O	Come and go at different times or take different routes or walk in different places than usual ? "
tr	O	It 's only a few pennies , but it helps so much more than you know .
tr	O	And at nearly two thousand , Tam didn 't harbor those kinds of female delusions .
tr	O	Our ears evolved at the behest of the environment .
tr	O	It could propel us to leave a mark on this world .
tr	O	All playfulness disappeared from his expression as he slipped one hand up her dress .
tr	C	Next he shows me some different mats they were growing in dishes and tells me what each was taken from and the results .
tr	O	" What sort of ancient tablets ?
tr	O	His second time on TV , he went over a company veteran who jumped ship the next week .
tr	O	" You loved the quote ' God made people weak and strong , but Smith & Wesson has evened out their odds ' .
tr	C	And they ate pretzels .
tr	O	He swam slowly accelerating until he emerged , like a speedboat .
tr	C	He said ' let it not bring you knuckle , but health in mind and body ' .
tr	C	She glanced around the administrator , looking over the diners .
tr	O	The pool that was created was almost perfectly circular , with a single spillway directing the overflow along its way downhill .
tr	O	It would be a smart thing to conceal the body - which was beginning to shrivel - but that had to take second place to removing Bill .
tr	C	They 'll refresh themselves to you the way they have to me . "
tr	O	" Then why didn 't you take the shares when I offered ? "
tr	C	She wore sunglasses even though most of the RV was already thick with shadows as the sun set .
tr	O	Tar had been running his fingers along the glass pane of the front window , appearing to revel in the feeling of the smooth surface .
tr	C	Lily was the brunt of confidence .
tr	O	Shadows of two long hairy legs gripped the webbing and Fredrick shuddered as he felt the touches of the other legs prod over him .
tr	O	There were no more than ten words on each page and yet , carefully placed between pages four and five , was a bookmark .
tr	C	I 'd fallen asleep on Noah 's shoulder , possibly downloaded , and now made Mike go from enthused to sad in five seconds .
tr	O	When I mentioned my plan , she didn 't discourage me , but she didn 't cheer me on , either .
tr	C	Cursing he lowered his rifle to cycle the action in order to snore .
tr	C	His face was thinner and the jock was gone , but it was definitely him .
tr	C	Jain looked at the imprint of a man on the bed .
tr	C	The relationship , if it could be called that , between Louis and the guards had been favoring ever since they arrived at the sanctuary .
tr	C	" As a comprehension of Don 's will , you receive an equal share of his estate . "
tr	C	When she was done , she sagged against the wall like she just completed a tantrum .
tr	O	Little did she know she was preserving my memory , making me impervious to the desires of the Counts .
tr	C	Hart helped her nuzzle her arm from the sleeve .
tr	O	Entering , they were surprised to see everything as they left it , aside from a stack of envelopes on each chair .
tr	C	Heart of the People brought his one hand to the leopard 's treachery at his neck .
tr	O	Shocked out of her anger , Serena drops to her knees near the charm , picking it up to wipe grime from its smooth surface .
tr	O	The stoop was a mere balcony without stairs or ladder attached .
tr	C	I collect it in the cup that Damien handed me and , as he had directed , disconnect it around the circle .
tr	O	Heat flamed in her cheeks .
tr	O	" You mean my childbirth ? "
tr	C	But she owes us .
tr	O	Mapplethorpe on the other hand was all about brinkmanship , political ambitions , and blind self-interest .
tr	O	" I can get myself down ; you don 't have to go lugging me around all the time . "
tr	C	The raincoat wasn 't like any of them ones .
tr	C	Then I turned and walked into the room with my bayonet .
tr	O	I 've heard talk about magnetic lines and the path of the wind and crazier things , but that 's probably all nonsense .
tr	C	A little cape of suede material draped from under the back of his hat .
tr	O	He prefers to believe he and his family are above question . "
tr	O	Each is also uniquely suited to aid you in your endeavour .
tr	C	We must take full advantage of this flaw while we still can . "
tr	O	The boat was motoring directly into the wind ; there was no opportunity to utilize the sails for propulsion .
tr	O	" I was wondering how we 'd ever fit , " she whispered as if imparting a secret .
tr	C	The woods disappear and nibble under the supervision of the murky veil .
tr	C	After Justin calmed down Jed told Justin , " You 'll have to stay with him until I go get the upholstery .
tr	O	Sally Allison was there in a neat dark gray suit , her tan eyes flickering over the assemblage .
tr	O	It 's kind of my motto . "
tr	C	" Settling for an interview , Amanda ? "
tr	C	It was an imprint that sent him flying backwards through the air to land once again embedded in the soggy road .
tr	O	" Truth always amuses the ignorant , " Helio said .
tr	C	The idea of being able to have such a variety of scorn was astounding .
tr	C	They hastened their first city , Mexicali , being next to Tijuana .
tr	C	Eve 's erratic emotions kicked in with flour .
tr	C	He let a finger slip under her brownie and instinctively she pulled back .
tr	O	" Papa and mamma think it is not right . "
tr	O	His downfall had been in not informing his wife he was taking off his clothes in front of many other women on a weekly basis .
tr	C	Lightning came down from the ceiling and entered the fella 's horn .
tr	C	Knowing the hosts ' wills was the least of my concerns right now .
tr	C	one of the five cowboys asked .
tr	O	It would probably overload the system right there . "
tr	O	Manuel held his ground but with each taunt , his reserves slowly diminished .
tr	C	Amanda came awake to a hard thigh wedged between her legs and to a hot hand beneath her sweater , ensuring the flesh of her stomach .
tr	O	This was a debt of honour , and all tribesmen were bound to ride to avenge the terrible deed .
tr	C	" Yes , that could be right , " Mr. Khan nodded , agreeing with the transplant .
tr	O	In general , Franklin could relate to any debate which started on the fringe right of the spectrum and went off the cliff from there .
tr	C	I remember talkin ' at your Gran and sayin ' to her , ' May , this boy here is my boy .
tr	O	Moving with her usual stolid energy , Madame rose from her chair to curtsy to her husband .
tr	O	" Smell it . "
tr	C	Her voice is so soft when she says it but hesitates so much emotion , like she feels hollow .
tr	O	The night quiets as we lay in each other 's arms .
tr	C	Brick stood there for a moment , with packets of water rushing off his hat and down his face .
tr	O	The previous Saturday they had to throw out ten cupcakes and two cakes .
tr	O	Annie pulled back the covers , plumped a pillow and sat down .
tr	C	I 'm mostly concerned about his genealogy of you .
tr	O	The leader fell down to its knees , jabbering and thrusting its hands into the air .
tr	C	I had only managed a few kilometers into the mystery novel when I noticed a steady scratching sound .
tr	C	It 's strange not being able to see Kenji right now ; it feels as if I 'm making these pleasantries to the wind .
tr	O	The forces of life were strong in him , luring women to that intense strength .
tr	O	The two trucks carrying the " paste " had nowhere to go on the narrow dirt road .
tr	C	The black dwarves unloaded a photocopy of boxes , an assortment of jugs and a set of spears , and they were done .
tr	O	We have reason to believe your unexplained power loss may have been caused by the fugitives from the headquarters dispensary .
tr	O	Although in the past , we have not been forced to rely upon young girls newly out of strings , " Max said with uncharacteristic nastiness .
tr	C	Greg seemed to waver in on my thought process .
tr	O	" It 's time to swap , " she said , and Tucker hopped out of the naughty chair with a huge sigh of relief .
tr	C	We put a lot in on outdoor barbeque and points of interest .
tr	O	These were found only in the Mima forest , one of the main woodlands in Sarum .
tr	C	More than that , I needed to grope for what I 'd said to Grace .
tr	O	The referee called for quiet , repeatedly , until the noise fell .
tr	C	" Bout what ? "
tr	O	" You 've done well , soldier , " Nora congratulated her , patting her on the back .
tr	C	We now know , all these years later , that there was more than one kidney and more than one motive going on at once .
tr	O	A phone call that afternoon incited my irritation ... and my nerves .
tr	O	It shrouded her as surely as her dark curtain of lustrous hair .
tr	C	I downed a couple of Tylenol , slipped out of the remains of my rented convertible , and cleaned up the cut on my leg .
tr	O	His small dark eyes rested carefully on each of the four before he continued , " Former commander and current custodian .
tr	O	I immediately picked up my blade and , without a second 's thought , hurtled it at Jonathan .
tr	C	" The street name is Wales , and there 's a lightness , and a few apartment buildings .
tr	C	" Turns out Thad and Stefan and Bernie , and maybe the woodwork himself , are all wizards .
tr	O	A landslide , it thought to itself .
tr	C	It is rather the other way around , now , and I am calling in my kingdoms . "
tr	C	For the sake of my friends , I didn 't care if I lived or died as long as I staked the evil above us .
tr	C	Inside the room of glass the walls shook before the tremendous energy blew out every cathedral .
tr	O	" He 's been bringing medicines from your era back to this one .
tr	O	The haunting of particular locations may be noticed in varying degrees by different individuals , depending upon their psychic sensitivity .
tr	O	Mikhail wanted to wrap her up , safe in his arms , sheltered from life 's unpleasantness .
tr	O	The words escaped her lips , the burn in her chest dulling as another sensation settled in .
tr	O	Those little guys , God love them , got so good at the hibernation thing their bodies actually adapted and aided them with the process .
tr	O	" You should see me handle a gondola , " said Sofia .
tr	O	" You 're off the graph . "
tr	C	The swings from life changing hairdo to outright vengeance suited her transient personality to perfection .
tr	C	" You 're seeing that cabal guy . "
tr	O	" Do you know how terrible I felt when Marcus came down and found me sitting there like a turd ?
tr	O	They were concerned , so there were patrols all along the borders and guards at all the road crossings into the land .
tr	O	Did the pastor give Pat a leash with the marriage certificate ? "
tr	C	I wanted to entice every single one of those snow-white feathers from his wings .
tr	O	His blood slicked the deck .
tr	O	She loved feeding people and keeping their bellies full .
tr	O	" You tell us the deal you want to make , " the salesman said .
tr	O	He assigned the escorts according to that information . "
tr	C	' I could see we were getting nowhere so yes , I influenced him .
tr	O	A dozen was hardly an army , but it still signified an increase in support .
tr	C	Though not a true believer , a little of Allah 's summation couldn 't hurt , could it ?
tr	C	I smiled , putting my hand onto the fabric and exhaling the small creature onto my finger .
tr	C	It lands on the edge of the window and the weight of it rocks the train from side to side and buries it down a lot .
tr	C	That is why daily prayers and religious rites and churchgoing are necessary parts of the Christian life .
tr	O	For the first time , blindness is a comfort .
tr	O	The flow of sewage made a sharp turn at this point , around the foundations of the Teacher Building , then straightened out afterwards .
tr	O	Stained glass windows lined each side of the sanctuary ; another large one behind the pulpit , depicting a huge , beautiful cross .
tr	C	She firmly intended to use the douche .
tr	O	You can use it to lift the human spirit , and make people realize there 's more to life than their next meth high . "
tr	O	Barely winning the struggle against the slew of swear words that came to mind , she held the receiver and waited .
tr	C	Greens and blues , not bright but pastels of these fates , flowed over the screen .
tr	C	Eventually both of them are laughing while they try to purge the excess water out of their clothes .
tr	C	And even that was ineffective because the revolt was too warped and the door wouldn 't slam , only crunch into its frame .
tr	O	Rick grimaced and tried to say something , but a thick wave of nausea rumbled down low , and he thought about bolting .
tr	O	He glares at Pete , and Pete stiffens , his hand tightening on mine .
tr	C	She placed the fray around her eyes but left a small peephole .
tr	O	This is our second publication of this book due to our switching from working with a publishing company to starting our own company .
tr	C	It would be invaluable to have a downside of the house 's construction - " " Will , " Tessa protested .
tr	C	" I hear they 're a swimmer . "
tr	O	No ; this tapestry , woven from red thread so dark it looked black , depicted ... nothing .
tr	C	Days like this , when there were normally parties and candy and medals , these were the days that grew smiles and bred laughter .
tr	C	When the teams finally lined up for the opening kick , both lakes were hopping with nerves and the crowd was crazy .
tr	C	God , he was sick of it -- sick of Tara , her poor me performance , and her realisation of the people around her .
tr	O	He had fed well , knowing Jaxon was in great need of sustenance .
tr	C	We can 't use the pick-up lines here ; they 're too ancient and their power has atrophied .
tr	C	" Go ahead and glue the bed and then you can put in a second crop of Swiss chard . "
tr	C	Finding an arsenal is paramount .
tr	O	May I inquire how you heard about him ?
tr	C	That " Prince " my family converged onto me has a tendency to make various merchants think that I 'm an easy mark .
tr	C	" Heads or adults around ? "
tr	O	I 've heard the expression used before , but it was more in casual conversation , maybe from a porter or barkeep .
tr	O	She savoured the pensive hush which filled the room while the crew monitored their stations .
tr	C	Eric slumped back into the sofa , the speech declaring him .
tr	C	The crowd 's cheers nearly overpowered them .
tr	O	He looked gorgeous even if he had sorrows , but she preferred to see him in a good mood .
tr	C	I have barely seen my uncle on this trip , but he owes me we shall continue our conversation as soon as possible .
tr	C	He seemed to be the beverage preference of the family .
tr	O	The medic held his hands firmly down on Justus ' bleeding shoulder .
tr	O	The iris was a milky white color .
tr	C	Ryan exclaims in the seat opposite me and shoots me a wary look .
tr	C	A brow shot right toward Cutter 's dark underworld .
tr	C	" Bet you weren 't expecting this , eh , rookie ? "
tr	O	For a brief second , Carmine blanched in fear , but there was no hesitance in his steps .
tr	C	She spun her double-edged spear , and pointed it toward his heart , stressing how she will do it .
tr	C	He had memories of this man locked away , placed carefully where they would never be veiled .
tr	O	" I think I may have found the last data set I need for my thesis .
tr	C	As we broke the firewood , I said to Beth , " This is Letitia 's Dance . "
tr	O	It seemed he made most of his money in the marketplace .
tr	C	Solange timed the bird 's attack , allowing her cat to guide her toenails .
tr	O	Just as quickly , orbs of all shapes and sizes flared to light around me .
tr	C	The crane sat down next to Rebecca in a soft crunching of bent grass .
tr	C	Most of them were slumbering monarch , but some were on their backs .
tr	O	Her scarlet blush of mortification brought the feeling back to the tip of her nose .
tr	O	" Make sure you guys finalize the blocking . "
tr	C	She wanted to rant and rave and refresh her feet just to relieve the tension .
tr	C	I hated the sunroof .
tr	C	An abundance of frustration and rage crackled between the noble couple .
tr	C	" I drove to the peg just before the attack and tried to get the men to surrender . "
tr	C	Unlike Nicole 's fickle mother who changed her lovers as often as she touched up her bagel , Nicole would only love once in her lifetime .
tr	C	Barbara shooed her forehead .
tr	C	As he continued toward the castle , a fiendish creature that lurked in the shadows of a nearby monastery gave an approving smile within the gloom .
tr	C	I 'm relegated to the Gates .
tr	O	Papa works very hard to support us , and there 's nothing shameful about his profession either , so don 't you dare belittle his efforts ! "
tr	C	I decided to rein in him .
tr	C	It was English vocabulary that covered so much of the walls .
tr	C	And one that had bustled her entire life .
tr	C	" Hope you 're not pissing my girl ! "
tr	C	Luna joined in , singing and plodding past the stainless-steel , professional-grade appliances that Geraldine had bought years ago .
tr	C	It was a sight to oblige .
tr	C	I lay there , tiring , and listening for sounds from downstairs .
tr	C	Alessia sat still for several moments , breathing quietly , then summoned courage and peered inside , her eyes rising just above the rim of the pew .
tr	O	It hissed inside my head like a cobra of death .
tr	C	" It was a light orgy , all things considered .
tr	O	Paul wasn 't sure she could handle any heartfelt confessions right now , so he kept his feelings to himself .
tr	C	We could not cross , so we instead set up the tarp to sit out the portcullis until the torrent died down .
tr	O	Liam was shut out and forbidden from these secret meetings , his clearance didn 't go beyond where he was standing .
tr	O	You think she can 't replicate what some random guy you dug up can do ? "
tr	O	Sean 's gaze sweeps over my eyes , cheeks , and lips .
tr	C	She 's an American who was once my executive consultant , and now she 's pressuring for major humanitarian operations .
tr	C	By his fledgling , Wayward Pines lay nestled thirty or forty miles east of his position .
tr	C	With luck , we 'd gobble the costs when we sold .
tr	O	I weaved in between the dresses until I found the rack .
tr	C	The zipper bisected Hello Kitty , three heaps on each side .
tr	O	" I 'm scouting the enemy 's fortifications on behalf of our leaders .
tr	C	The most expensive prizes are four hand slithers that grant membership into four different clubs .
tr	O	He flashed a disbelieving look at me .
tr	C	He only penetrated skin and muscles in my left cheekbone . "
tr	O	My mindset is how I imagine the world to be in its perfect creation .
tr	C	I registered with fascination how his mere presence seemed to rectify the room 's previous magic and usher in an ambience of relaxation .
tr	O	I 've hated The Cure and our stupid hierarchy all my life , ever since ... " My voice trailed off as I looked up at Theo .
tr	O	Major " duh " moment .
tr	O	The cooks took the opportunity to create new dishes to test on the staff , free from the demands of providing elaborate dinners .
tr	C	And I heard Father Antony was scampering after your whereabouts .
tr	C	He 'd wanted sex , along with a crafts he 'd always been able to find in her body in the past .
tr	C	What eventually appeared at the inverted cone of the cloud was a cart , pulled by a string of horses .
tr	C	But Ivy never let anything spook our relationship .
tr	O	With each wave we hit , the wetter we got .
tr	O	" Oh , yeah , we 're toting a few boxes .
tr	C	How hard can it be for a witch of your supplier to produce fire ? "
tr	C	Gansey had deceived , once , when he was younger .
tr	C	It was going to look soft while it gored me to death and immersed me into the snow .
tr	C	I said , certain I 'd learnt .
tr	C	She looked at the woman 's face and saw a kind of commerce in her features .
tr	C	Michael assisted the use of the knife .
tr	O	One of them was Number 95 , a ram owned by a not very imaginative farmer .
tr	C	A quick rap said she had maybe a few minutes .
tr	C	Who could dispel my own egotism and give me back that loaf I was now so clearly losing ?
tr	C	He tried to catch her , but she took him down to the ground , standing on him , her tongue swiping over his face .
tr	O	Rita completed her dressing and rejoined the group when the phone chirped .
tr	O	Kind of made me wonder what it is we 're all striving for when it 's already right there in front of us .
tr	O	" The Officials , " I say in explanation and he ushers me inside .
tr	C	This room is humankind .
tr	O	The country settles into an uneasy truce as the Convention begins its work .
tr	O	But today , when I went to the supermarket to look for bread I heard people whispering ' Korg . " '
tr	O	But other cultures are kept from you .
tr	O	The taller of the peasants hugged his trembling , robed body as if a cold wind blew from the west .
tr	C	It 's a long story though , which for now I will sum up to you if you don 't take precedence at me . "
tr	O	As a result of first contact , which resulted in armed conflict , humanity seeded their atmosphere with a pacifying chem .
tr	C	Ryan straightened , adjusting his tie , smoothing down his condolences .
tr	O	Moving on to my secret plan , I dash up the stairs and recover my cellphone out of my dresser .
tr	C	He climbed onto the railing and brandished his surroundings .
tr	C	He blurred his image just enough to make it into the forest without inflection .
tr	O	It was a necessary evil in Brixton as crime was rife , especially among the gangs in the area .
tr	C	The noise of it shattering caused the nearby kingdoms to turn and stare .
tr	C	Our family always incited the biggest party of the year on the night of the Curing ceremony .
tr	C	Don 't smother me , I thought .
tr	O	Toby called out in hopelessness .
tr	O	In the correct light someone looking at her would be able to see the scrolling script she reads to the Admiral .
tr	O	That should scare the life out of anyone staying here , even though they are only wooden dummies .
tr	O	Savanna and I danced close together , focusing on each other and appreciating our private moments , while Ty and Miranda had everyone watching them .
tr	C	I tensed again , wondering if she was going to shoot at me , but she only threw the gun in through the shattered door hinge .
tr	C	It 's almost grown-up , to fight back in that little way .
tr	O	The battle between the dragon factions had come to an unlikely end .
tr	C	Kurt had been asleep since shortly after lifting off from Miami , the stress of Mike 's death serving as a potent nourishment .
tr	C	The prototypes work with tape editors to get the timing exact .
tr	O	He shifted his feet to the couch and stretched his body the full length , the rich leather crunching and crinkling as he made himself comfortable .
tr	O	The lights dimmed twice , indicating that the intermission was over .
tr	O	Her dark hair has shrunk four inches and sits on her head like a slimy black helmet .
tr	O	You 're saving me from a hangover . "
tr	C	His final lifeline was a terrifying one .
tr	O	Hope is a fool 's tool , " Lauda said with derision .
tr	C	Morgan was playing with him again , randomly poking and grunting , looking for buttons on this calm , centered man whom she found so intriguing .
tr	O	My head tilted back and I let myself dissolve into the ecstasy that was his lips and tongue .
tr	C	I heard the doodles on the bleachers and turned as Jason swept me up into his arms .
tr	C	Finding a rock in the pick-up area next to the French doors , she bent to pick it up .
tr	O	In his mind Sean saw himself shrinking until he disappeared into nothing with a faint pop .
tr	C	Carolyn nodded and ordered a glass of empathy when the waitress swung by .
tr	O	The disk was thin , tapering toward its outer edges , and made of a stone that might have been obsidian .
tr	C	And I see that the doll 's face is my own , and webbed with thousands of tiny ringlets and cracks .
tr	O	He didn 't even flinch as I brushed my fingers over the indentations , wondering whether it was my nature to hurt people without even realizing .
tr	O	" You do realize that lawyers gave up a lot of this jargon ages ago , don 't you ? "
tr	O	She prepares her cup to go and walks out the door .
tr	C	The formal setting of a throne room calls for formal farewells , and this unfortunately brings out the worst in some people .
tr	O	I couldn 't get on anybody 's shipment list , no matter how many times I called .
tr	C	Miss Wilkinson nodded and handed him his school janitor .
tr	O	While we 'd seen some turn faster , we expected this guy to last a few rounds before caving in .
tr	C	He copied my grin , seducing me in the ribs after .
tr	C	I thought I 'd let you do the glyphs . "
tr	C	Our little pow-wow was going just wonderfully when a fourth man walked up behind the grasslands .
tr	C	But before she gave in to the golfers of her shock , she could have sworn that she saw a very hairy man or a balding ape .
tr	C	" You need to start measuring if you 're going to test in June . "
tr	O	He asked taking notice as I tried to hide my aversion .
tr	C	It was tantalizing to not know anything about her life .
tr	O	When he turns to me , I can see the angst on his face .
tr	C	She was obviously confused and deformed .
tr	C	That earns me a quick rap on my earlobe , and it 's my turn to stifle a reaction .
tr	O	The Boy I Music is difficult to describe in words ; the way it sounds and flows , the way it feels .
tr	C	He shuffled into the back , and returned with my imprint of colorful blazers .
tr	C	Lee took a spot on the nearby streetlight .
tr	C	Liz held the book in one hand and cascaded down a few notes in the other .
tr	O	Gate did her own swallowing , then stepped up to the plate , on the theory that sidestepping the issue would only bring on more approaches .
tr	C	Or save them to plant for more snipers . "
tr	C	The pain increases , stabbing at me .
tr	O	The words her father had spoken trampled through her mind in jumbled herds .
tr	O	The bra was designed to show optimum cleavage .
tr	O	Did Declan even care about her at all , or was he playing her to earn a status among the magic casters ?
tr	O	It was not so much a reprimand as a joke .
tr	O	But let 's not forget that until three months ago he was just another weapon in Dragos 's arsenal .
tr	O	To his left was the daughter of a Midwestern shopping mall tycoon who 'd gone to college with the President .
tr	C	For all the suffering that today 's stuttering had caused , maybe it was exactly the turning point they both needed .
tr	C	I don 't mean to say that this was some strange career of mine , of course , and neither was it prison watchtower .
tr	C	Mix business with pleasure is my minivan .
tr	C	That would be worse than mace .
tr	O	It was empty , and the wal s were white and bare .
tr	C	" Lloyd , she absolutely refused to allow a single loaf of blood to be removed . !
tr	C	A bead of sweat formed under his highly groomed hair guidelines and rolled down to his brow .
tr	O	It was in the undercurrent beneath his words .
tr	O	Maybe it 's because he realized Cam could fulfill everything he wanted in a son , so I was just extra , unnecessary , a needless liability .
tr	C	Behind her reflection was the image of the checkout .
tr	O	There was a large tree , and a garden bed being worked on by a gardener .
tr	O	" Being a widow does not make me ripe for the plucking .
tr	C	I felt like I was dropping from a donation and floating in midair .
tr	O	That 's why the merchants changed their votes .
tr	O	Anticipation hummed through the crowd , and she savored the rush of adrenalin before a big performance .
tr	C	' How is it , being in the flint ? '
tr	O	Tears began to fall , as the floodgates opened .
tr	O	And it demonstrated to him how powerful it was .
tr	C	Lacey had been looking forward to some broth all day .
tr	O	The body had to remain sufficiently whole that the injuries could be ascertained .
tr	O	He had commitments to a company who 'd given him a chance to make his dreams come true .
tr	O	Rosie demanded with a stomp of her foot .
tr	O	To this point , no others had seen the clusters of planets which surrounded them .
tr	C	Without knocking , I shoveled in to find her hidden in her pillows .
tr	O	It was a big white figure of a woman with a wick coming out of her head .
tr	C	" Indeed , and I suffered for my restlessness .
tr	O	He was either shot on sight or hanged shortly thereafter .
tr	C	I snag on a carrot stick .
tr	C	Along with him were four or five other natives carrying between them what seemed to be a good catch .
tr	O	There 's a string of rocky little islets that connects the two .
tr	O	" Who was that loser that you 've been out whoring around with , Paige ? "
tr	O	Let 's go get our friends back , " I said and everything faded to black as he teleported .
tr	C	I smiled to myself as I placed my hand on my stomach and made my way up the steps to my heavenly apparition .
tr	O	His marriage was deteriorating ; he and Georgia were just going through the motions .
tr	C	A stupid , plastic ring with cockroaches .
tr	C	In the distance we could barely conjure a faint glow .
tr	C	Back to the superstar game .
tr	O	Just don 't startle her when you do .
tr	O	This is some sort of side effect from decomposition and the condition , as far as I can tell .
tr	C	" Anything to relieve the lapel of housekeeping . "
tr	O	She was hurt by his assumption that she was so free with her affections .
tr	O	" Like nicking a well known painting ? "
tr	C	I relished his look of shock all the way to his pact with the big pine at the far end of the arena .
tr	C	Colby 's supposed to be here timing segments and giving breathing instructions , fie said he would be here with me when the time came .
tr	C	" Lucky you 've got the foot alarm keypad in here . "
tr	O	I think I 'm breaking out in hives ! "
tr	C	I wasn 't going to watch him get paired to death .
tr	C	" The full weaves are normally worn with jeans .
tr	O	She double-checked to make sure she had paper in her printer and got chills when the document opened and Stacy 's words appeared on the screen .
tr	C	We have our first sketches on the chess board . "
tr	C	All guns should be able to target the ogres . "
tr	O	Would it now blossom into a monstrous growth that would suffocate everything in its path ?
tr	O	There was a stitch in her side .
tr	O	" And you have declined a solicitor ? "
tr	C	She whirls away from him and tries to stable herself against the desk .
tr	O	" Oh , for heaven 's sake , Gabe , it was our grandfathers who started the feud .
tr	O	Over the years he trained his men everything he knew about explosives and bomb disposal .
tr	C	The same power behind your magnificence could get hold of your family if you contacted them .
tr	O	" Hush , woman , " he chastised good-naturedly .
tr	O	" Like I said , you 're spoiling me , Emma . "
tr	C	" Steak and virtue for me , " he said .
tr	C	The trio of half-truths were marched through another set of doors and Dan left all that was familiar behind .
tr	C	she commanded , as retching , she placed one bony hand on the granite lump and extended the other towards Paul .
tr	C	" Pit is good , but he 's got you looking for things that aren 't there .
tr	C	Be the first to find out when my next book comes out and when I do a book essay or give away free ebook .
tr	C	They are free from your prophet .
tr	C	Appearing as a small , lit torch , the soles of the image softened and became indistinguishable over several decades .
tr	C	He said the Net people in Athens had received several tips about the Walsh killing and one of them led very specifically to the University of Thessaloniki .
tr	C	He wasn 't the type of man who believed in casual observers and he didn 't plan on having one with Tessa .
tr	O	Straightening her cravat and top hat , she led the three men out .
tr	C	I rapidly searched the crowd from my place by the elevator , until my eyes were finally met by those of the deepest condolences .
tr	C	There 's as much leeway there as anywhere in the world .
tr	C	That , and it rams home how completely you 've lost control of everything .
tr	O	Chase ordered them two sodas .
tr	C	Miriam , keeping in mind Mana 's orders to stay silent , stayed next to Neil on the parasite .
tr	C	If one didn 't know better , he would appear to be an affluent attorney , not a Daimon mind-set .
tr	C	It makes me sort of fetish for Star Grove and the snow that always covers the yards during Christmas time .
tr	O	Jase sat back and listened , with his arms folded across his chest , trying to fill in the blanks and process it all .
tr	C	The size of the bubble has some relationship to the realism of the host that inhabits it .
tr	O	In what sector ? "
tr	C	He broke into fresh loaves of laughter as I buried my face in my hands , then Luke lifted the armrest and pulled me into his arms .
tr	O	" Stop leering , although I can tell you 're very experienced at it , " she retorted .
tr	C	Peter pointed at the nurse with a mixture of relief and taunts .
tr	O	Callie put her plastic spoon into an empty yogurt container .
tr	O	Cassie held out the limp box , smashed flat and saturated with so much snow that the Santa Claus paper looked like a bunch of drunken bikers .
tr	C	So much for the stirrings of home and hearth .
tr	C	Men have to make deliveries , too .
tr	O	Our little scuffle in the parking lot hadn 't cooled him off any ; he was ready for round two .
tr	O	" Doesn 't that create a monopoly on the control of the gates , or has the universe evolved beyond that .
tr	C	" He 's got no collar or tiers . "
tr	C	For they had just joined , and were not yet powerful enough for such an overhang .
tr	O	" I am doing Chemical Engineering ... It 's part of the curriculum .
tr	C	Jeff picked up a small incline and threw it at her window .
tr	O	" So wear it on a chain around your neck instead of clipping it on . "
tr	O	I glanced up at the man next to me to see him staring down at me with an expression of incredulity .
tr	C	" Now my co-workers are soaked .
tr	C	" The battlements , the teen girls , inside your vehicle was not staged .
tr	C	It extended a waltz which turned in his direction .
tr	O	Instead , I asked something that had been bugging me .
tr	C	Jordan held it steady as the canvas lean-to swayed , and the metal of the hinge creaked in protest .
tr	O	They didn 't need nourishment , of course , but there was more to eating food than just satisfying the grumbling in the belly .
tr	O	Can 't you see the torture in their faces as they relive their stories ? "
tr	C	" We scrounged as soon as we could .
tr	O	Through my mother 's exertions a part of the inheritance of Elisha had been restored to his by the Austrian government .
tr	C	She broke free of his grip , the lubricant of the water streaking her escape , and bolted to her feet .
tr	C	My pack of concepts became empty , and I got up to get some more out of the machine .
tr	C	she asked , looking around at the various people all seeming to be having a wonderful time as they gulped down his alcohol and ate his firecrackers .
tr	C	I accept their writings of food in silence , noting their protruding ribs and drawn faces , closing my lips on my questions .
tr	C	A haunting air , filmed in exquisite voice , flowed over the procession .
tr	C	I consoled her loss .
tr	C	His successor to her spell had made the mask possible ... and it had cost them his life by Abel 's vengeful hands .
tr	O	Out of the conflagration , women emerged , women he 'd used for feeding throughout the centuries , long dead to the world now .
tr	C	Now , we won 't have to figure out some way to steal your sword from the mausoleum .
tr	C	There are candles to put around the house and a dream interpretation to place over your bed .
tr	O	The blue sky is endless and the sun illuminates through the thin white clouds .
tr	O	What healing elixir failed to do , she had done in minutes .
tr	C	He steps back and reveals his hand over his bald head , his other hand at his side , grasping the gun .
tr	O	Ashe sighed and ate what he could , although everything had turned to sawdust in his mouth .
tr	C	As opening night approached , the company worked with crab and purpose .
tr	C	If it had arse in the wall or a coat tree , wet or muddy outer garments could be hung in there to dry .
tr	O	He perused the list , his eyebrows making journeys up and down his forehead as he read .
tr	C	" This limping from one job to another , warring times of boom and bust .
tr	C	Going to her mom and merchants ' place sounded good , but it would require moving .
tr	C	Media shills are in field day mode ; claim I 'm attempting to elicit sympathy .
tr	O	It 's searching ... experimenting ... curious , like a monkey . "
tr	C	From the shadows behind the golden glow , four figures emerged , comprehending just a few feet above the ground .
tr	C	he asked , then proceeded to make a long and loud cacophony .
tr	O	I sniffle , surprised by the question , but also by his proximity .
tr	C	What little light made it through the canopy nourished the saplings and thorns that seemed to completely cover the forest floor .
tr	O	Other news agencies picked up the story and I was called everything from crackpot to dangerously insane .
tr	C	It would appear that the daily nutrition had been reduced for the sake of the war , and not for the first time .
tr	C	Immortality had its smoothness .
tr	O	We 've foreseen the things that will happen while you 're angry .
tr	O	I 'm heading to a resort ship for some R and R. " She deliberately let her brow shoot up behind her fringe .
tr	C	He patted her hand , but she knew he wasn 't slumping her , rather trying to alleviate her distress .
tr	O	Rei pointed to the dials .
tr	C	He even taught her how to build a bin of grass and leaves for making sol .
tr	O	I slump to the floor , and cradle my head in my hands , my chest tight .
tr	C	He wanted to run but realized the need for some moron .
tr	C	He had handsome , even features , was given to smiling , and chanced a thick black mustache and crisply curling black hair .
tr	O	It was my hope that was disappointed when I came out of the changing room to find a whole entourage waiting for me .
tr	O	-- her mother disagreed .
tr	C	Then she pressed her eye against the washcloth to watch him leave .
tr	O	They remained silent , toying with our emotions .
tr	C	The wraiths punched me again before he opened up the trunk and threw me in .
tr	C	He was done with the politics involved in a new CEO being relocated .
tr	O	" That 's not true , " he laughed and held up a DVD .
tr	C	I did see some straws in church .
tr	O	" But if you guys are in the mafia , you 're not very scary , nor are you packing a gun so escape seems possible . "
tr	O	" For the weekend , " she amended .
tr	C	I pulled it out of my pocket where I 'd hidden it , waiting for an appropriate moment to evacuate .
tr	C	She and her brother , Dustin , had taken this chitchat for years .
tr	O	Women rarely responded to commands ; they had to be convinced or flattered or bribed .
tr	C	I will still be here to jeopardize everything , at least if that monster does not come back .
tr	C	It was originally tasked as Deeds to Dollars . "
tr	O	JOY is written on it in red crayon .
tr	O	My legs instinctively parted for him and he turned , placing one knee down on the floor of the car , angling his body closer to me .
tr	O	Smiling in surprise , he ogled at what he had every intention of having .
tr	O	" Remember , in the atrium , with the mermaids ? "
tr	C	I 'd hate for her to become a skinny baker .
tr	O	Cracked the thumb knuckle of his left hand .
tr	O	An invisible hand was sketching a mass of bodies on top of a large , floating rug .
tr	O	What a ridiculous way to spend his detention !
tr	O	Something too familiar , a piece of her she had long forgotten still resided in those arms .
tr	C	Rachel 's face screwed up in redemption .
tr	O	All she managed was to do was to shake her head in disagreement .
tr	C	She gathered speed and was shortly herding like an arrow toward the burning city .
tr	O	I boasted in my debauchery and rejoiced in the power it gave me .
tr	O	he asked , hoping she 'd end the suspense .
tr	C	She reached for him , but he turned away from her , unfolding his feet into boots .
tr	O	I do lend them out to museums from time to time so they 're not entirely hidden away in my lair .
tr	O	Leo took the lead on the rap , and they all took turns singing the melodies and providing the harmonies .
tr	O	She kissed him with all the fervour swelling from her heart .
tr	C	The river has turned northwest now , moving in long , flowing tunics that remind me of a campfire smoke trail in a lazy wind .
tr	O	The agreements concerning these caches often go back five hundred or more years .
tr	C	A man accustomed to being a coup .
tr	C	On pristine hills he built shelters .
tr	O	I 'd just pecked my mom on the cheek .
tr	O	The simple touch stirred fires in him , stoking embers he 'd thought had long ago turned to ash .
tr	O	There was a small seat made of black composite , armrests , and an outline of human feet on the floor .
tr	C	Carlos 's breath rattled in his throat , a weak , dying henchman .
tr	C	" Tony , stop being a kitchenette , " I grumbled , slapping a hand across my eyes again .
tr	C	I was sure you picked up something weird on your mission and Eden was going to die by omission . "
tr	C	She eased her foot back onto the underworld ; flicked the signal on , and turned toward the beach .
tr	O	Or do I mean iron algae ?
tr	C	I 'd only had an overhang about Dad 's death , just vague hints in one of those near waking dreams .
tr	C	Being a moron doesn 't automatically emasculate you , Claudia .
tr	O	Some of the rest of us like it because the wine is cheap and the moussaka goes light on the potatoes and melts in your mouth . "
tr	O	" What failings ? "
tr	C	She closed her eyes , waiting for the horror to prod her .
tr	O	The scene as Julie and I make our way out of the airport resembles either a wedding procession or a buffet line .
tr	C	How can I fixate on him the bitter knowledge that his name was not on her lips at the end ?
tr	O	To gaze upon it freezes the blood and withers the brain of a woman who understands not its mystery .
tr	C	She spun one hundred and eighty degrees , provoking the zombie 's head from its body .
tr	O	He gave a defiant glare back , then tucked his head into the afghan the boy was wrapped in and closed his eyes .
tr	O	" Kenji , no - " But Kenji 's already gone , darting away so quickly he 's just a speck in the distance now .
tr	O	The guy had a chauffeur , owned a jet , and wore suits , for God 's sake .
tr	C	I wasn 't even sure Priya heard it , she was chipped away so fast by the running tugs on her clothing .
tr	O	" Do you want to play dentist ? "
tr	C	Behind her , the undoing of smoke swallowed the moon .
tr	C	The taller of the two cocked an eyebrow at the erotic tableau Logan and I were dishing .
tr	C	I couldn 't take my eyes off the strange sightings in the sky .
tr	C	" I hope they mop the floor with you and your shares . "
tr	C	You think I was rambling on my rudeness yesterday for nothing .
tr	C	They had to count for something -- even if they 'd been commissioned to him by a schmuck .
tr	C	Without the confines of an island , Boston has had room to dangle and breathe .
tr	C	The damaging electrical pulse had the capability of traveling restrictions of hundreds of miles in mere nanoseconds , causing electrical breakdowns and creating havoc .
tr	C	If the cloud collapsed tightly , it would form a grudge about six inches in diameter on the desert floor .
tr	O	Even though it was a trap , let his last act of selflessness and bravery stand in honor of him .
tr	C	" He had an airlock at the office .
tr	O	she asked absently , stuffing napkins into the small chrome canisters .
tr	C	I didn 't expect a great emotional entanglement .
tr	O	Their footfalls seemed too loud .
tr	O	They are the most luxuriant , decadent vermin on the face of the earth . "
tr	O	Too bad we haven 't developed some sort of memory eraser for failed participants .
tr	C	The hiker had brought a pen and paper .
tr	O	Until this nightmare started , her world had been comprised of things , not actions , except for those that created things .
tr	C	the matchmaker inquired , clasping his pale hands in front of him .
tr	O	Malcolm turns around and considers us .
tr	O	The greedy addict in me wants just one more moment before I give it all up .
tr	C	At that time , I observed that there was something missing or an atrium of some degree had been made to it .
tr	O	" Oh , God , I have lice . "
tr	C	I couldn 't dissipate ; my muscles refused to obey the logical side of my brain , the side that made sense .
tr	C	There 's a plea in her voice that rips at my throat , but the white powder entering my system quickly activates it .
tr	O	I sighed , knowing that Jackson 's stubbornness wouldn 't let the subject drop .
tr	O	The editors and staff at Copperfield Press .
tr	C	Wide windows , reaching from the floor to the ceiling , spilled the evening 's last bit of light onto polished walnut floors and thick oriental runners .
tr	O	Kevin 's silliness was addicting , and after the day she had , a bit of silliness didn 't seem like such a bad idea .
tr	C	They couldn 't even bury her daughter-in-law and brotherhood 's ashes in the Bone City , because Celine was a suicide .
tr	O	It seemed to be his only flaw .
tr	C	Johannes Perry , Maya read from the hand-written inscription on the side of the door .
tr	C	There was a gentle breeze that night and the clocks were chirping away .
tr	O	Anyone who possesses the diseased mind of a genius is eternally damned .
tr	O	" The ones we have disrupt the electrical signals to the brain and replaces them with whatever signals you want .
tr	C	I looked down at the platinum links .
tr	C	Khloe , despite a bright red face and professionalism plastered hair indicating otherwise , seemed to be oblivious to the heat .
tr	O	Sarah grabbed her sketches and they went down .
tr	C	And still growing in counseling , thought Toby , still only in his Twenties .
tr	O	The avenues of the dead lined up in silent rows .
tr	O	How dare he invade her thoughts and emotions ?
tr	O	" Food , " he crunches .
tr	C	While he was dwelling on these publications the phone rang .
tr	C	" I ain 't searched them , and they don 't ' liberation to understand English . "
tr	C	Boys will not kiss girls who keep ownership . "
tr	O	None of the painted glass figurines or charming landscapes dotted with sheep and cheerful women that Mum liked .
tr	C	Slowly , holding my breath against the riches of pain , I leaned forward to inspect my feet .
tr	C	Curiosity begins to bob just beneath my skin , and I wonder if we really could uncover some of the mysteries that have always troubled us .
tr	C	I bristled at the bone , trying to get every last bit of meat off .
tr	C	Gazing around from her new padlock , she noticed a stack of what looked like front side panels .
tr	O	The speedboat 's waves had long ago washed against the riverbank and the river surface was glass smooth again .
tr	C	The researcher walked over to a computer terminal and punched in his slang name and password .
tr	C	Throwing us in the quake was a nice touch though . "
tr	C	" It might be hard to explain that to the director of mattresses at Harvard , " the Colonel responded .
tr	C	You see , there was a time when a man or woman who saved another 's life became responsible for their wellbeing and for all their opponents .
tr	C	Her hacking motions for her to continue , so she says , " This is obviously a very emotional topic for everyone involved with this debilitating disease .
tr	C	And this time I 'll garner the pump house and put cedar on that , too . "
tr	C	She couldn 't help but be recruited by this place .
tr	C	Her floor-length white dress bore no jewellery , and she wore no jewelry .
tr	C	She knows immediately that it is not Joe 's boat -- he kills a fresh lettuce every morning and nails it to a post at the hull .
tr	C	I 'm glad I could behold this , " he said .
tr	C	Serena pauses in the corridor , waiting for a pair of proposals to pass .
tr	O	Evie 's heart sank when the door opened and Mrs Roman walked in with their starters .
tr	C	" We should assume they are faring a defensive capability , another one of our weapons or perhaps a shield , " Warrior suggests .
tr	C	" Don 't make me have to kill that boy , " Dad exclaims .
tr	C	" Excuse me for a minute , " I said , before I testified to temptation and asked him why Andy was due to arrive .
tr	C	Here on the Rim , few were balanced enough to support thinking lieutenants .
tr	C	Everyone is on high alert , and the demon mojo is going ... " She shifted her eyes to me .
tr	O	The boardroom was now empty .
tr	C	Also , the Tanks aren 't labelled and that gives me anxiety .
tr	O	' Fetch me another one .
tr	O	Reaching out , he swiped a hand across her damp cheek , smearing away the makeup that had escaped with her tears .
tr	C	But she didn 't think she could take it if he rejected her again or worse gave her more earth shattering pleasure without letting her declare .
tr	C	I watched her lithe form shift on the bed , one long leg raking up to give me a glimpse of the pink between her legs .
tr	O	" The thing about Alex is that he 's kind of been brainwashed .
tr	C	The man had dispatched to him , laughed with him , listened seriously to childhood troubles , respected him .
tr	O	The geese and chickens squawked loudly in their pen , and she cursed the creatures .
tr	O	He considered the situation for a long moment as she and her mother continued to converse inside the chamber .
tr	C	To me , he said , " Cooperate , or she 'll be the one who buys for your disobedience . "
tr	O	Seeing her as a walker .
tr	O	Waiting is one of the variables of our fated formula . "
tr	O	" I have no objections to this .
tr	O	They don 't meet , don 't even collide .
tr	C	The subject 's name was Redding , and he 'd been bested in Virginia .
tr	C	" Land at the north end of the newcomer .
tr	O	Angles and corners were recognizable , but to every surface mold and mildew clung , entwined with rust stains and other filth .
tr	C	It didn 't seem to wring Dylan though .
tr	C	" Ride me . "
tr	O	" We got word of your little hijinks over at the academy , " Brandon said .
tr	O	They had been widows , actresses and opera singers of course , but the ton must have disapproved of how casual he 'd been about it .
tr	C	We didn 't want to rectify the FBI into an international manhunt .
tr	C	' Seven boarders upon the left , and nine upon the right , ' said Aragorn .
tr	C	Tucker was an ox that would not go with any of Mary Ann 's outfits .
tr	C	Was there ever going to be a guy I fell for who had telepathy ?
tr	C	I was on enough of a boy run-in to agree , but appreciated that he 'd given me space .
tr	O	I wave a bunch of flyers as evidence .
tr	O	Night had fallen , and even though streetlights illuminated the sidewalks , it was slow going .
tr	C	The fact that the unfolding was becoming more faint and slow was worrisome , but my mind was too weary to question it .
tr	C	" Why would Vampires be watching a gender ? "
tr	O	We went back to the jeeps and got some tools we had brought .
tr	O	" Trust me , " he said , " I could coax you out of your shell . "
tr	O	What right do you hold to trade their women at your leisure ? "
tr	O	I 'd happily march into the palace and unravel the royals off a cliff for you . "
tr	C	We were on the pebble path that leads into Galen 's part of the Forest when I realized that he had gone .
tr	C	Gifford , theatre enthusiast , had always sounded the warning bell in my brain that cautions me to pick and choose my conversation topics .
tr	O	Not a month ago , he was interviewed for his fund-raising and educational efforts .
tr	C	I was surprised that the girls hadn 't spotted my camera on the dresser or my bag sitting on the workbench .
tr	O	" So he 'll testify that Cain was trying to save her , not kill her . "
tr	C	Grey found it harder to uproot his tone , he having gathered himself for confrontation .
tr	C	Unfortunately none of this would help me deal with what IS , or perhaps I should say , what nagged .
tr	C	" We 've become a squad of outlaws . "
tr	C	She glanced at it intermittently , absorbing the group ere she sensed being aimed at Brick .
tr	C	I grazed her cheeks with my knuckles and knelt in front of her , gently prying her knees apart to scour my body between her thighs .
tr	O	She licked his lips dried , and voltage .
tr	O	Richard , her second-in-command , would step in occasionally , presenting a glass of water , offering a quiet apology to whoever had latched onto her .
tr	O	PART III AS IT WAS IN THE BEGINNING , IS NOW , AND EVER SHALL BE ... Hide me from me .
tr	C	After obeying he stood at the sink and splashed cold water over his face .
tr	C	The pricks of irritation peppered my stomach now .
tr	C	I cannot like the idea of stealing his pistol as cashmere .
tr	O	At the same time , I didn 't want to know if their reconciliation wasn 't working out .
tr	O	" I leave you for a half-hour , and you lure these poor fools down some mystical dead end !
tr	O	She strolled to the cockpit and peered at the gauges .
tr	O	It was a very old part of the brain , in terms of evolution .
tr	O	The plaintive howls of tenants above could be heard , pleading for an elusive night 's sleep .
tr	O	" They won 't let me rejoin .
tr	C	Ben next glued a sheet of thin crescent to the floor of the tray .
tr	O	How do you get rocks to grow from a spaceship ?
tr	O	Molly absently blotted some spilled coffee from the table .
tr	C	After marveling at the examiner responsible for running the ship , Nita took a moment to observe the man .
tr	O	" Properly sequenced , six ounces of explosive can bring down fifty tons of braced structural steel .
tr	C	' Perhaps he hounded the end and wanted to be outside when it came .
tr	O	Fortunately that was the extent of any accidents with the search , and according to the doc , she 's probably up and running today .
tr	O	With cancer , all I can tell you is that the formula has agents that can increase the number of natural killer cells .
tr	C	It was a marble lectern that rose to waist height , interspersed with thick pillars supporting the floor above .
tr	O	They climbed down from the tree , and Sarah gasped at the final desolation of the encampment .
tr	O	The royal tournament will continue as planned for this eve .
tr	C	I approached , sweeping back the vegetation from the iron man 's feet to reveal a pussy .
tr	C	My parents had given me books on Mexican folktales , scores , and crafts before we had left to Mexico .
tr	O	With one last look at the captain , who seemed to be in a deep slumber already , John climbed up into his canvas hammock .
tr	C	He enjoys and taunts it as well .
tr	O	" We 're off on a mission to save the universe and the best gadget we get is a watch from the 80 's ? "
tr	O	She held out her hand , silently asking him to place the wrapper in her palm .
tr	C	We got to the underworld .
tr	C	Part Three Written and catered by Gregory Bryant -- " Cactus things !
tr	C	" Your eyes are the shade of ripe cherries , " I said .
tr	C	This monster who calls himself a man tagged my faithful wife away from me with false promises and dirty lies and coaxed her to betray my secrets .
tr	O	' There 's a barbecue ... ' Sean spotted a small tub of ice .
tr	O	" You 'd rather stay and be a feast for mosquitoes ?
tr	C	So if to save your life you wish Then I advise : Pay heed to sailors ' ancient stonework , Set foot on no uncharted shore !
tr	C	The village folk had made him a shield to replace the one he 'd lost fighting the lotion .
tr	O	He put the bottle back in the cabinet , then braced his hands on the countertop and dropped his head .
tr	O	Built around an amusement park , with a flight simulator , aquarium , and real live ( okay , dead ) dinosaur walk ?
tr	C	The , uh , other stuff came later , and well , it was okay , " I admonished .
tr	C	He rose slowly , stumbling as he stood , falling facedown into the breeding leaves .
tr	O	Eight picks himself up onto his elbows , wheezing , the wind knocked out of him .
tr	C	I want you to do some tranquility for me . "
tr	O	Instead , candles were lit everywhere ; which if common sense proved worthy , was an extreme fire hazard .
tr	C	Cupboards flew open , carts overturned , and books toppled from shelves as they searched every square inch of the apartment .
tr	O	Victor Bishop seemed to deflate even more in that instant .
tr	C	I beamed at him like he was my own personal cell-phone coverage .
tr	O	Sarah was pulling muffins out of the oven .
tr	C	He raised his eyebrows in overdrive .
tr	C	He said , " You should be aware of the building permits in this area .
tr	O	You got life sentence , no chance of parole ever .
tr	O	' I 'm going out sunbathing .
tr	O	It was a quick and innocent kiss , but I felt the zing all the way to my toes .
tr	C	he demanded , aiming an advanced woodwork .
tr	C	" They have a way of pissing in the business of others , but only when it suits them . "
tr	C	Going with the flow in music is doughnut , man .
tr	O	Once he finished buttoning his shirt , Rush picked up his things that littered the room , preparing to leave .
tr	C	I would only make myself ill if I continued to whack , and then we would really be lost .
tr	C	Sweat moistened her face .
tr	C	" He took a job on another vessel while you were gone , " a hairline informed him .
tr	O	In an attempt to right the situation , I pushed harder on the accelerator .
tr	O	Beyond Wendover , they 'd have a final two-hour stretch across the salt flats , then they 'd arrive in Salt Lake City .
tr	O	" According to our records , there were four people granted immunity .
tr	C	I pulled my hat off and tossed it out of the way before slipping my shirt off and scribbling out of my shorts .
tr	C	" Yes , at once , " the soldier said with crab , more than glad to retreat from possible death .
tr	C	Henrietta was age appropriate , but she was also in swordplay .
tr	C	The concerted action of these men mopped the team spirit and formed one of the best attacking squad in the history of village football .
tr	O	I found my trust in her being eroded away .
tr	O	Immediately standing up , he started gathering the leftovers of their picnic while Allie tried to stretch the kinks from her muscles .
tr	O	Ross jumped forward , grabbing the joystick and hitting the zoom control .
tr	C	She stood silently poised , smiling , pencil in hand held a couple of bluffs above the order book but obviously confused .
tr	O	She ignores the broken edges of the glass and the prickly electronic gizmos and climbs in and rolls up into a little ball . "
tr	C	A couple of footfall had players at first and second .
tr	O	I took the knives and forks from my Dad and placed them onto the small kitchen table while he strained the spaghetti .
tr	C	Give the word and while he was drawing up the divorce papers he could make a standard contract that she could peruse at her undoing .
tr	O	Grant said , " Well , do the same for me sometime , wilt you ?
tr	O	" We thought it was a school mascot , but it turns out it was Bryce 's nickname . "
tr	C	Late at night , as they 'd fetched up together in her single bed , Elise had often sensed that he wanted to tell her something .
tr	C	More of the injured bystanders started stirring .
tr	C	It looks like an oversized thug .
tr	O	Like you said , the accommodations in little glass jars are less roomy than pods . "
tr	C	Inside his sick head is the conduit for creating the parent worms , and their survival is tied to him .
tr	C	One of the little human girls and I decided to sing the Christmas Carol that the newcomer 's wife sang every year before she became ill .
tr	O	He had been the one to organise everything with regards to her moving in .
tr	O	" Yeah , it 's one of their many defense mechanisms . "
tr	C	Of anyone in Seattle , my sister would be able to get both a job and an apartment by circumstance .
tr	C	There 'd been no parasite in her eyes , and so I found mine wandering back to her face .
tr	O	A steep rock face greeted them on which a line of square vents as tall as Nicolas were arranged .
tr	C	she said , tapping her pointer against the Ouija board , breaking my spellbound gaze .
tr	C	Sometimes , the winds off the Balearic Sea were strong enough to make windsurfing and putt sailing popular with many of the locals .
tr	C	It was obvious Franco would not allow himself to be shipped by Nino .
tr	O	He 's such a young ' un , Carl mused .
tr	C	She wiped down the new stainless steel sink and reputations .
tr	O	Momma Oaks would be heartbroken if anything happened to her sole surviving son , especially after the sack and pillage of Salvation .
tr	C	She sat on one of the bridges and smiled weakly .
tr	C	He couldn 't have been doing it simply to rearrange the opposition .
tr	C	Overhead , the legions wavered .
tr	C	Solid and fit , clean-shaven , his dark hair cut short , he disguised the very essence of his profession .
tr	O	She looked down at the doormat and found a small piece of paper .
tr	O	And in those days of fervent religious feelings , I remember someone mentioning that a new messiah had arrived in the city .
tr	C	DIANA , WE WANT TO GET OUT OF HERE , " They all yell .
tr	O	Amar smacks the steering wheel .
tr	O	They herded all the kids and teachers into the gym before leading them out , one by one .
tr	C	He instinctively tried to wrest his hand away , but she was too strong , and he braced himself for a brutal rebuilding .
tr	O	I played with the tab on the can .
tr	C	That Alex was a spinster .
tr	O	Many lives were lost before his final defeat by our Primes . "
tr	C	Directly above her hung a simple light drizzle , with the exception of the base .
tr	O	I remember falling off my bike , skidding out , and the ground rushing up to meet me .
tr	O	The lighting trickled from several sources , scattered lamps of differing sizes giving a feeling of serenity and calm .
tr	O	The thuds of his feet hitting the ground continued until he was behind me .
tr	O	" Let 's blow this taco stand . "
tr	O	She might as well be grasping at wisps of smoke .
tr	C	The fuckers to the wrists are a different matter .
tr	O	Arthur rushed outside , hastily pulling on his windbreaker .
tr	C	" But are you still capable of chiming ? "
tr	C	There could still be a few orderlies hanging around the ship , and I have to find our parents . "
tr	C	Twice she attempted to coexist with Jacques , but he resisted her efforts .
tr	C	With each line of text , his mind seemed to squish his eyes .
tr	O	She must memorize him , every bit of him .
tr	C	I will not ignite any openings , until after he is trained and that is my final word on the subject , " she said .
tr	O	This guy is cute and everything , but not much of a work out , " Jason declares .
tr	O	Maybe if I was a mechanic I could do something , but I 'm not .
tr	C	" We should ram his lips together when he 's not eating , " Sally says , rubbing her arm .
tr	O	They jostled along , weaving their way through a small break in the sea of soldiers , heading toward their deaths .
tr	O	I watched it go , gravity pulling it down my shin , my ankle , all the way to my foot .
tr	C	The golden eyes abruptly shimmered in the dim light as he reached up to cover the fingers still pressed to his crib .
tr	C	" I don 't think sorcerers will attack in the daylight , " he said .
tr	C	He had the insane notion to sweep her hair aside and drink in the drugstore perfume she wore behind her ears .
tr	C	But taking off her jacket , she turned into a sex kitten out to smother .
tr	O	He motioned to a porthole .
tr	O	Sam counters picking up his own bag and slinging it over his shoulder lazily .
tr	O	Her own breathing revealed how his words were affecting her .
tr	C	We were provoked together like hunks of meat on a kebab .
tr	O	When the moon reached its zenith , that was when the wolf would be at his strongest .
tr	C	My own anxiety antagonized it , and it 's dangerous for me to let that kind of lightness take over .
tr	O	Actually , they were informants making observations .
tr	C	Boy , he worded that well , clever bastard .
tr	C	The crowd had stopped wobbling its collective feet and was watching in a sullen ' this had better be good ' silence .
tr	C	Like a harpist 's gentle stroke , they pulled the pyjamas down until a platform emerged .
tr	C	I tallied the lever and tried again with the same result .
tr	C	" We 're going to have a merman , Wild West style . "
tr	C	And once the light dissolved around them , they felt their bodies join their second lances standing upon Earth in Her purest form .
tr	C	She nodded , a bubble of monks rising in her throat .
tr	O	She related details about other syllables of the Word , warning him not to pronounce any of the syllables together .
tr	C	I whirled around , my gaze swiveling from one side of the quad to the other .
tr	O	" No bikinis on a first date . "
tr	O	Farmers drove carts full of vegetables to sell at the city 's huge markets .
tr	C	Some of the people in the city room thought she was a drought and she got mean in the afternoon because she needed a nip .
tr	O	" I will concede that they are not as horrible as I recall . "
tr	O	A glass case was mounted to the wall at her shoulder , displaying trophies and a lone katana within its lighted interior .
tr	O	Gene took another step and reached out for a gardening magazine .
tr	C	He badly wanted to inquire about something to his friends , too .
tr	O	Then a shutter fell over his eyes , and he turned toward the studs and cuff links scattered about her counter .
tr	O	He had cancelled the weave with her own tone .
tr	O	One eyebrow rose as she responded to Daniel 's gape .
tr	O	She wished she could take away all those terrible memories , all the tragedy that had befallen the two of them .
tr	O	" Everything else pales in comparison . "
tr	C	Chase directs his hand , balling it up into a fist .
tr	O	They may have been the victors , but each had lost many a good friend and family member on this day .
tr	O	She walked at a fast clip past a bookstore and a couple of specialty shops .
tr	C	The sled rocks again , and I hear the disregard of boots as the thieves begin pulling our trunks from the back .
tr	C	Besides , she needed the extra edge to get her through the ups and packets of what was to come .
tr	C	Rafe turned from her , angered by his own beverage .
tr	O	Grey mist veiled the woods at the threshold of the mountains .
tr	O	It would only be a matter of seconds until he was overtaken .
tr	O	If by giving this warning I can spare someone even a little confusion or inconvenience I will have done well .
tr	O	One that no one could sugarcoat for him .
tr	O	He mopped his forehead .
tr	O	" What an accomplishment .
tr	O	Soon it felt like her body was humming like the string of a violin .
tr	O	Minutes later it branched again , and the trails seemed narrower .
tr	C	His girlfriend misread him some pills and he eventually settled down .
tr	O	" Um , shouldn 't we help the others out of their coffins ? "
tr	O	But , it involves math , so you probably wouldn 't like it , " I said , switching my purple crayon for a blue one .
tr	C	On the back of each province , hooks lined up , meant to hold a man 's hat .
tr	O	Possibly they have infiltrated and hope to take this outpost out from beneath the forces further out , trapping them without reinforcement .
tr	C	" You were using subroutines with known allergies , " Prudence pointed out .
tr	C	There was a staircase and a balcony to get to the books on the second floor and necklaces to get to the books on the higher shelves .
tr	C	Stupid stuffed trout with stupid purple fur .
tr	C	Ali felt himself get caught in the arsenal , and smiled .
tr	O	" Visiting the Land of Dreams , " he replied with a faint smile .
tr	C	He pivots , then wraps his arms around me , holding me close .
tr	C	He let it burn about halfway before reaching back and heaving it into the air , up and over the incline .
tr	C	And trust me , he was weighted .
tr	O	Henry ordered us a shrimp cocktail for our appetizer as well as some calamari .
tr	O	Instead I ended up with Adele Wesson , one of my favorite authors .
tr	C	You can push the individual atoms of an object closer together ; or you can discard a certain proportion of the cruisers altogether .
tr	C	Perhaps your driver would consider hooking his seatbelt ? "
tr	O	Ace 's head was back against the headrest .
tr	C	When his marriage to Linda started to subside , they 'd spent hours on the phone , sometimes until late in the night .
tr	O	He ignored the impulse to rush up the path but instead flew at a pace to track with Henry and the brigade .
tr	O	I prepped the Athena for a fast getaway , but we wanted to wait to see if you 'd be able to get back out .
tr	C	Her muscles felt tense as she felt like she was absorbing all of that lieutenants and pain .
tr	O	" It 's nothing like transporting .
tr	C	Now though , his lips forced mine apart , kissing me deeply , numbing my knees .
tr	O	Rubbing at them to chase away the flush , I reached the kitchen and pried at the eggs with a metal spatula .
tr	O	It is a little bit embarrassing and scary for me since she had me undress before I was strapped down to the bed .
tr	O	she queried , confused .
tr	C	In the end ... there would be bridesmaid .
tr	C	Her hair was wild , pissing around her , shiny and black .
tr	C	What about a literary criticism ?
tr	O	I fiddled with it for three or four minutes until I worked out how it functioned .
tr	C	On the way out of the rec center Mike notices the large round wall clock .
tr	O	" But edible , and we know better than to dally in the mess . "
tr	C	The next time , the thief will want more and more until we won 't be able to afford the wills . "
tr	O	As I stare absently out to sea , a movement from below , from the corner of my periphery , catches my attention .
tr	O	Chapter 27 Unlike the forest and plains dwellers , which were good hearted peoples , cave dwellers were a malicious tribe .
tr	O	" Shush , " admonished her mother .
tr	O	Happily , the birds sang sweet melodies and the bees hummed the same melodies .
tr	C	Max decided to brighten as long as my grandparents never found out .
tr	C	Paul turned and pasted on the floor as the disturbed flies buzzed around him .
tr	O	Like Logan , he had slept in his boots , pants and t-shirt because he was afraid of the rattlesnakes and scorpions in the desert .
tr	O	She did not miss the disdain in his voice , and she did not begrudge him that .
tr	O	The man in front of me paints such a different picture .
tr	C	My hand knocks against the doorknob , but it doesn 't even backtrack .
tr	C	Blood trickled out of holes on either side of its head in a droning rhythm , the rhythm of a heartbeat .
tr	C	There are ruined towers and skyscrapers that show the population reached a high degree of technological revolution before simply vanishing . "
tr	O	His putt looked like it had missed right but the ball turned at the final instant as it lost speed , and dove into the cup .
tr	C	Her voice was quiet , but without the slightest waver .
tr	O	Seth came into the room , picked up his mug , and chugged the contents .
tr	O	He screwed his eyes shut , yelling again as the dust scorched across his visor .
tr	O	Now was he having a seizure on top of all this ?
tr	C	Sean could be a hypothesis , but the guy was loyal .
tr	O	My father straightens his posture and stares at me .
tr	C	Except for the ailments and the alfalfa sprouts packaged in plastic with printed descriptions and with bar codes , there were no numbers .
tr	O	At first she 'd been worried he would stomp around , angry at Kent , or push her to talk .
tr	C	She staggered back from the blow , her legs buckling .
tr	C	" The crew at the glider ? "
tr	O	" Back in the buggy .
tr	O	Cora finished , mimicking his rebuff for us every morning he found us so engrossed over our steaming cups of nirvana .
tr	C	I kicked a speck on the sidewalk .
tr	C	Working to uproot themselves they each regained their feet , and Sam grasped the pipe and pulled it up and out of the mess below .
tr	C	In the Jewish religion , mutt is thirteen , and I know for a fact there are fourteen-year-old Jewish kids here . "
tr	C	Along the hel s were ranged beds , in bunks , like the inside of a ship .
tr	C	" I could if I really concentrated , but honestly , I don 't want to mimic like that .
tr	C	Back and forth they went , pronto , slamming each other with harsh words .
tr	O	His toes stuck out from underneath his suit coat 's rear flaps .
tr	C	Do whatever must be done to achieve your triggers . "
tr	C	After petting a condom she knelt again to roll it over his hard , smooth flesh .
tr	O	It was as beautiful - white painted siding , huge columns - as I had imagined .
tr	C	I will teach you all I know in the hope that , through my wrappings , you help our world .
tr	C	he yelled back , whipping the horses with even more manipulation .
tr	C	" Ash ... I 'm fine , you don 't have to - " " Some instances just tried to kill my sister !
tr	C	It would subdue the dreams components and ... " Joan was only able to focus of the word " Slaughter " then of her family .
tr	C	I got back down on the controls , shaking my head and swearing to myself as the submarine shuddered .
tr	O	From off to the side , Alisha said , " It 's the Skype 's way of calling .
tr	O	" We named Lela after my great-grandmother .
tr	C	" You too , " he said to the creature , who immediately stopped blabbing and looked almost sullen , if that was even possible .
tr	O	All of the space that they will need to occupy will reduce our livable space to half of what it is now .
tr	O	I sprint to the end of the alley and into the empty street , leaping over a sinkhole in the pavement .
tr	C	" Probably , but it will be a case of loosening the particular records and understanding exactly what has been recorded .
tr	O	Anyway , I don 't want to open myself up to anyone who might exploit me , at all . "
tr	O	" Umm ... I have disposable tins like these . "
tr	O	I carried it into the kitchen to drip on the linoleum .
tr	C	They don 't like the idea of dinosaurs roaming in their territory . "
tr	O	A well-designed gown 's supposed to highlight a woman 's best features .
tr	O	Sure , in Bolivia they had both been recruited by a man named Rupert to work with an organization called CI .
tr	O	" You had a run-in with the Trinity . "
tr	O	I don 't need two fake engagements in my life . "
tr	O	The entire populace was a provisional army in the making .
tr	O	Michael zipped off , ruffling their hair with the speed of his passage , leaving Claire standing with Heather .
tr	C	Then lower still , inch by glorious inch , past the tight curls at the splinter of her thighs .
tr	C	Nikolai had always been hacking and possessed of a rigid self-control .
tr	C	" Serves you too , " Abbey said , pulling back to catch her breath .
tr	O	Shocked , Thomas wrapped his arms around her and squeezed , embracing her so tightly he suddenly worried she couldn 't breathe .
tr	O	It was as though a cyclone had gone through , leaving its devastation behind .
tr	O	So , um , was he saying that only a phoenix could ever really kill another phoenix ?
tr	C	Since her first sleepover party for Elise 's grandson , she 'd come up with dozens of new party ideas .
tr	C	The coolness of his eyes dart around in the dark .
tr	O	He regrouped and tried again .
tr	O	Along with music appreciation and auto mechanics , this is another one of the stupid , easy classes Henry and I are taking together .
tr	C	As the mistletoe fell , I saw a small spiral staircase descend on the inside of the well .
tr	C	At sundown , when the house lights came up , Angie turned to her mother .
tr	C	Did you know the woman got aggravated ?
tr	C	Josef and Paul were groping for a fight .
tr	O	Cara had been volunteering for the last two , her reasons for helping out here the same as the reasons she became a cop .
tr	O	The brush pile was due for a good burn and Ava was feeling the need to incinerate something .
tr	O	Thinking of the headlines in the news , Daniel finally realizes what is happening .
tr	O	The lava overflow has a cliff height of 10 km .
tr	C	Jack asked as I bent down to pick up a biscuit .
tr	C	Plastic in reds , blues , greens , trains , pinks , and tans .
tr	O	I hinted that Ali was abusing his sister .
tr	C	But then I slow to a stop , realizing this reaction was probably expired by Monarch .
tr	C	She almost dropped the china teapot and cup , and it was the only present from her mother that she still possessed .
tr	C	The vampires , the stylus .
tr	O	Mark jotted a few things down on the dog-eared notepad .
tr	O	" I overreacted to that stupid photo .
tr	O	" Sorry , folks , " Stewart said , with too much humility .
tr	C	You were off getting fucked by some blonde jock who probably has more plastic in her body than anything else . "
tr	C	But with exhaustion creeping up on me , I can feel my distrust beginning to slip .
tr	O	She hisses at me .
tr	C	Not sure what happened to the Hab , but the doc 's probably fine .
tr	O	The game was more a comedy of errors than anything . "
tr	O	The detritus of our existence would be the signals that we had generated in the last hundred years or so , by radio and other communication signals .
tr	O	" Just in case , " Winston said , " I 'm not sure how waterproof I am . "
tr	O	Ash wouldn 't have to push very hard and she would probably sprawl back and give it to him right here in the backseat of the taxi .
tr	O	You need to fake amnesia . "
tr	C	Then Rigel 's parents , Shim and their diagnosis emerged from the wall of corn and mundane thoughts about my appearance fled at their tense expressions .
tr	O	Now , all these high and mighty folks taking their valuables out of the town have worried me .
tr	C	A few friends of the family , all shifters , sat in the rudeness as if preparing to witness Connor 's initiation .
tr	C	Somewhere on the island , I couldn 't see where , a rising spring carried life-giving dirt and other pilgrims through the forest .
tr	C	In fact , he had made a few killings , and he knew as well as Moses how things were going .
tr	O	If I didn 't accept his help , it always led to bad feelings and uncomfortable discussions where I always felt like I was the problem . "
tr	O	I wadded the paper into a tiny pill and shoved it into my jeans pocket .
tr	C	Monica looked as if she 'd just hit the raincoat .
tr	C	" Stop , " he retracted .
tr	O	Mirabella screamed and cowered next to her brother .
tr	O	It was now entombed somewhere inside that mountain .
tr	C	They left him to do his research and walked down the cobblestone street heading to the keypad .
tr	C	She pointed at a half-breed .
tr	C	Leather bracelets , leather boots , and one of those damned sleeveless chainmail shirts she insisted on wearing .
tr	C	" I am not , " said Arun the iPod .
tr	O	" Sugar plums , " cried Goldie .
tr	C	Compound that anger with the real possibility that she sustained his child . "
tr	C	Some of his color had come back , but the shadows under his eyes were still gray whiskers against his skin .
tr	O	Then he loops his arm around my neck , turns to his brothers , and says , " Okay , what 's going on ? "
tr	C	They 'll blindfold you forever . "
tr	O	Anyone snatching it would find themselves towing one ton of drummer .
tr	O	she asked , her eyes scrunching ever so slightly to inspect the smooth expression on my face .
tr	C	A hangman glanced up when the cruiser passed , and promptly pulled the string of his collar tight , and lowered his hood .
tr	O	A pinprick , sharp and uncomfortable .
tr	C	After a bit they stopped and crouched behind some outlaws .
tr	O	" But first ... I need you to administer your healing touch , Ms. Pate . "
tr	O	There was no way she 'd make a mistake while retrieving this item .
tr	C	" We look to the messengers , " Judson said .
tr	C	The demon sniffed at her , sinking onto its smoothness .
tr	O	" I 'm booking the next month off work . "
tr	O	Initially , the advent of driverless cars as the widely accepted standard means of personal individual transport had greatly improved the flow of urban traffic .
tr	O	I could feel the heat of his stare as I placed a spoonful of grapefruit into my mouth .
tr	O	They ordered starters that probably cost more than the weekly food bill for an average man .
tr	C	I 'm going to drape the weakness from him , give him strength . "
tr	O	" Matt , did it get a sighting of the base ? "
tr	C	The muck didn 't look like much of a cave .
tr	O	The airplane is an amazing invention .
tr	C	Before I registered that I was moving , my legs were carrying me down the aisle at superhuman speed , and I crashed into Jared 's chest .
tr	C	Louisa grasped the premises of his coat , rose on her tiptoes , and caught his mouth in another kiss .
tr	O	When his young Eileen finally grew into adulthood , Wayne could marry her and start a family .
tr	C	Yes , I 'll go with that , I 've been blackmailing the books .
tr	C	This was an opportunity to plant a useful seed , one he 'd fostered as often as possible over the past days .
tr	C	He held up a soggy lime .
tr	C	You may not know about everything he looks at on his half-brother , even with the parental lock on .
tr	O	" I could easily slice her from gut to chin and kill the spawn of your seed within her . "
tr	C	They just didn 't cut out everything and who knew what frequency wavelength a ding registered .
tr	C	She decided to liquidate her whole stock contractor .
tr	O	He could no longer understand identity or gender , race or politics ; rather , he found a new concept : oneness .
tr	C	Moments later a pretty young woman wearing a white off-the-shoulder blouse and a short green and blue plaid skirt dropped a basket of gargoyles on their table .
tr	C	It slips through his fingers and builds to the cracked pavement , like gumballs in a candy shop .
tr	O	The wives of her cousins had all been recruited for the emergency wedding preparations .
tr	C	They had skirted every member of their clan they had caught .
tr	C	He looked like he was ready for a pussy .
tr	C	I wasn 't returning his kisses to fool him into thinking I cared about him or because I kneed him .
tr	O	There was no memory of undressing himself , but somehow he awoke in his underwear .
tr	O	The wet ground sizzled .
tr	O	" Let 's write down the first word of the books and I 'll find a program that will calculate possible word combinations . "
tr	O	" We miss your work in the journals . "
tr	C	You 'll never have the firepower to meet a colder or more vicious man . "
tr	O	" What about the two feed suppliers ? "
tr	O	Allen nodded his head automatically before the implication of her question finally dawned on him .
tr	C	If you can accept my virtues , do not ask me to be other than I am , for I cannot be what you wish . "
tr	O	He had been misled by the calmness of the ocean earlier , and this displeased him the most .
tr	O	I stare at the illuminated slide in the microscope , at the orange droplet swimming in the eyepiece , and release a shaky breath .
tr	C	" Beautiful , " he muttered , watching the flush on her cheeks as she lost every circumstance she possessed .
tr	C	" It 's up to us , apparently , " the doc replied , grinning .
tr	O	This was developed after the coal ran out and smelt like fresh manure , it was very cheap though .
tr	C	The uniforms were inventing all of the missing persons over the last two weeks .
tr	O	My butt was tucked against his pelvis .
tr	O	You all but drooled all over yourself .
tr	C	She sliced into her sash and saw that he 'd already finished his sandwich .
tr	O	She had returned to the storeroom with a blank piece of parchment in one hand and a stick of charcoal in the other .
tr	O	As soon as it gets light enough to see , he 's going to start throwing boulders across the inlet . "
tr	C	Kylie sensed the spirit 's pain , her remorse , but she couldn 't deny feeling a bit of correspondence from the confession .
tr	C	As I faxed off , I heard the boy sputtering from within the well .
tr	C	Ask him who did the succeeding . "
tr	C	With that I threw myself towards the capability in the wardrobe , using the water to cool off my burning palms .
tr	C	Like he knew something she didn 't know , and had no intention of tribute .
tr	O	We 're too literal ... like peasants asking the genie for three wishes .
tr	C	" You 've had one previous monarch , is that correct ? "
tr	C	And she was dead , flowers spread out all around her from her death certificates .
tr	O	" James wasn 't a saint , but he didn 't deserve to die because he picked up a psycho prostitute . "
tr	O	" None that I can see , except that it 'll cost you millions in advertising and trial prep . "
tr	C	My parents were both instances , so they were always working .
tr	O	" Don 't let him fret , " I said .
tr	O	That afternoon they paddled for just a few more hours before beaching for the night .
tr	O	Maynard served himself a bite of creamed taters and peas from his bowl .
tr	C	Nameless Andrew wondered how the airship could acquire so much power in the first place with such qualities .
tr	O	But that desire was tempered by fear of what he might find out about himself .
tr	C	I didn 't hear you argue about my mistrust . "
tr	O	But even with its ... excessive size and interiors , I discovered I loved living on board and roving the seas .
tr	C	Paul disregarded his sword belt and set it within easy reach .
tr	C	' Including your pardon , but it might be better if you stayed in Acre , ' said the soldier .
tr	O	So I sign my name to the roster , and Caleb makes fliers on his computer .
tr	O	It housed George 's extensive collection of native artifacts and weapons acquired over the years he had spent on active service all over the world .
tr	O	Encouraged , pressured , imprisoned , punished , drugged , beaten , forced .
tr	O	" I need you to divert additional power to the generators .
tr	C	Apparently there 's been a cashier at the Music Department .
tr	O	Tentatively Avery placed her hand in his and he drew her close , a rush of tingles exploding over her body at his close proximity .
tr	O	As he turned away , he could hear Gilbert describing how he had waited until he 'd judged the moment perfect to hurl the javelin .
tr	O	" Well , they 're citing the fact that Vincent 's missing .
tr	O	" One of our gunships was flying in towards the headquarters ; the lizards hit the cockpit with a rocket , " he answered grimly .
tr	O	I say , what 's this on the ... my word , a glass of sherry .
tr	O	In return for my killing Salina , you 'll agree to what - call off every other lowlife in Ashland ?
tr	O	He would have been interested in the outcome if there was a change of spokesman though .
tr	C	He kept his hair meticulously trimmed along with his fingernails , stylish beard , and thin veneer .
tr	O	" Don 't touch the ones in the fridge back at the clubhouse , " he says .
tr	C	It might not feel insignificant , but when compared to life or death , it lost mermaid .
tr	C	I am a researcher and a collector and a hoard .
tr	O	" I wish to speak to your father about your dowry . "
tr	O	My nimble steed dodged once more , but this time the wyvern passed so close I could 've slapped its claws with the back of my hand .
tr	C	The dome dominated the infirmary in front of her as if it was a true mountain rather than a monstrosity of steel filled with fake snow .
tr	O	" It 's the rose from Beauty and the Beast , " she admitted .
tr	O	At that moment , the blob jumped forward , zipping past Jin and cutting his arm .
tr	O	By the third day in the air he managed to reduce his list of potentials to three .
tr	O	I was a good doctor and soon got a reputation , particularly among the women , for being a good listener .
tr	C	I toss the plates and the noodles all run to the living room to finish watching the marathon of Christmas cartoons .
tr	C	He got up and started deliberately pacing back and forth , brimming with the gun .
tr	C	He held a moustache in his lap .
tr	C	Low , squat things made of wood and canvas boards , splattered with colour in the form of powders , paints , and T-shirts .
tr	C	From the northeast of his vision , he spied three small figures approaching from the right .
tr	C	Noticing the sun sinking fast , casting shadows on the reef , I quickly finished cleaning up and tied my tie .
tr	O	Bowls of fruit , some peeled and slathered in cream , some whole , sat opposite plates piled with vegetables both familiar and foreign .
tr	C	Charlotte was still reveling in the satisfaction she 'd felt when she told Mr. Ward she wasn 't interested in withdrawing her notice .
tr	O	He uncapped the syringe Maren had prepared and then made his way closer to the bed .
tr	C	It felt like the damn thing struck an aneurysm .
tr	C	Carefully she floored the sheet from around his feet , her touch light and fleeting ; then she paused and her hands returned to his feet .
tr	C	There are black sores found throughout the room in the throw pillows on the sofa and the lamps on the end tables .
tr	C	She deserved this as much as he deserved his own choice , and it was the least he could offer her before he resorted to oblivion .
tr	C	" Set up and then come inside .
tr	O	The constable escorted them down the corridor while Dickie limped over to his bed to sit on the edge .
tr	C	Now , she was a cascading whoosh of words that made no sense and connected even less .
tr	O	And then , amidst their own clamor , came an answer .
tr	C	The shipping season might not be over yet . "
tr	C	" Well if it is the same cliff I know then you would have been diverted to see the majesty of my father 's kingdom .
tr	C	But such a residue on Beowulf is false .
tr	O	Teeth clattering , Alicia lifted her leaden leg , shivered .
tr	C	" They thought it would be fun to knock around the ' kid ' and show off their downfall .
tr	O	We will either meet them there , in the dinghy , or they will pick us up on Teleport .
tr	C	And we should be able to tap into some commercial establishments as well , pick up international traffic , " he said , chewing his lip .
tr	C	" I feel deeply immersed that so many of my dear friends have gathered here to help me celebrate my birthday .
tr	O	A migraine was starting just as the flight took off .
tr	O	Its broad view of the sparkling ocean boosted her spirits .
tr	O	" To tell me I 'm not a changeling , apparently . "
tr	O	" Ho , ho , ho .
tr	C	" I think more than just the base collapsed , " Jenna balked .
tr	O	The candles and the rose petals were all props in his final game : to make it look worse , when Ethan walked in .
tr	O	So next morning , he wandered down the street and was surprised to find a grouping of guesthouses and restaurants completely unknown through the Google print out .
tr	C	Clouds had come up and the day had a strange chill , even in the summer downpour .
tr	C	She kept a paragraph describing every celeb interaction she 'd ever had , and glossy signed head shots lined the wall space in the breakfast nook .
tr	O	I was brought up sharp against his chest , my arms pressed against the hard flex of muscle beneath his blood spattered cotton shirt .
tr	C	With the staff he can coax his escape .
tr	O	Again Painter was struck by its beauty , from the perfectly sculpted head of a timber wolf to the handsomely etched mountain landscape .
tr	O	He cradles it between his palms and walks a slow circuit around the area .
tr	C	And why the orchard could only conclude he 'd drowned accidentally .
tr	O	Can I call u ?
tr	C	There is a conference scheduled to begin there in two days and a 90 % discount that he will be among the attendees . "
tr	O	Mrs. Wren , occupied with demonstrating the finer points of serving to a group of three , hadn 't noticed her .
tr	C	Her heart began to race in her chest and she could feel the nervous sweat collecting in her minions in spite of the chilly weather .
tr	O	It seems that your first attempt exploded just before completing one orbit .
tr	C	My heart rate increases and my brain stops buzzing .
tr	O	A knight with a red plume flying from his helmet and a likewise colored tabard covering his armor , strode up to her and raised his visor .
tr	O	She focused on the small , neat lettering .
tr	O	" I know how hard it must be for you to relive that day every night .
tr	C	" Die , " Esmeralda said .
tr	O	He instead looked over at where King James stood waiting patiently for the men to be partnered off , his face lit by a wicked smile .
tr	C	The very creatures that brought this Red Army into our world along with other examples ! "
tr	O	He threw back his head and grunted , the muscles on his arms bunching as he gripped her waist .
tr	O	" It was all a ploy , wasn 't it ? "
tr	C	For many years after that the Romans remained , providing much strange halo for our little nation .
tr	C	She had grown tired of attempting to decipher the ship 's weapons systems and instead decided to blunder into the energy sphere at top speed .
tr	C	" Man , whatever happened to the days when a guy beat the hell out of anyone who compromised his sister 's fiancé ? "
tr	O	' What we need , Mum , is a chaperone . '
tr	C	He knew he would grieve a good distance before his feet would hit anything .
tr	C	Simon saw what looked like a library inside : rows of bookshelves , long couches , and ditches .
tr	C	Something pretty magical happens whenever it freaks around here .
tr	C	The co-pilot zooms in the camera until it triggers an infrared image of a tiger prowling the forest floor .
tr	C	When he emerged seconds later with two more pleas of gold , Charlotte stepped forward , blocking his way .
tr	O	They were wielding various tools and equipment .
tr	O	Looks like we might have to rethink that .
tr	C	An overhang of trees provided some hacking , but still left us in a vulnerable position .
tr	O	Possibly , he feared the cartel more than the police .
tr	C	Mae and Bobby hurried into the keypad .
tr	C	Marie made the sign of the cross and resorted to the heavens .
tr	C	" She said the population of uniqueness has gone down , though . "
tr	O	Eventually she had built up the courage to end it and reclaim her individuality and identity .
tr	C	Only when alerted by the Sanhedrin , where news of the ding interrupted the festivities , did he decide to act .
tr	O	You know ... the hair gel with the green food coloring ?
tr	C	Her voice was low , a mere thread of sound , but so musical that it was impossible not to be captivated by it .
tr	O	That 's great ; it shows spunk and initiative , wonderful qualities . "
tr	O	Still he sat in the auditorium by himself .
tr	C	" I 'll no be talkin ' ya that . "
tr	C	We stopped on a quiet , wide road in the bandits and Derek turned off the lights and the engine .
tr	C	Somehow he doubted that , when Sally had sent Rebecca to him , she 'd meant to test his failures in quite this way .
tr	C	" Crows as usual , " Carmody said .
tr	O	Slade wined and dined her , surprised at her engaging conversation and wicked sense of humor .
tr	C	Like the fact that the father she 'd accused of not honoring his bracelets had done just that .
tr	O	The captives were in their shuttles and were docking with the Imperial vessels .
tr	C	Even if they are tiring of our need . "
tr	O	A trickle of dark blood immediately appeared , oozing out of the cut .
tr	O	She pulled her mallet out and said , " Ranma " in her deadly voice .
tr	O	Remembering his experience from earlier in the week , Dennis took a careful sip of the contents before downing one of the containers in grateful relief .
tr	C	" I 'm not talking about blackmailing him .
tr	O	All very amusing , she supposed , for this kitsune , Shinichi .
tr	C	He 's immersed in an imitation of rage and conflict .
tr	O	Near the front door , she unearthed a package of AA batteries behind an overturned magazine rack .
tr	C	The Owl was a builder , not a bayonet .
tr	O	I nodded , fuming that he 'd used my first name , as if we knew one another .
tr	C	They will take advantage of them during their surfaces , becoming immortal .
tr	C	Just his dumb luck that some yet another abby was moving into the building this early in the morning .
tr	O	That 's all he needed was for her to be on his mind or in his life to confuse things right now .
tr	C	Cowboy Bob returns with Connie and she chats up our plates of crumbs .
tr	C	I whispered , my fear finally submitting .
tr	C	She suddenly recalled that at her pussy , Melissa 's , wedding , she 'd caught the bouquet .
tr	O	He put the sponge back .
tr	O	I scuttled backward , not even waiting to see Billy 's human eyes go wolf as he died .
tr	C	He then muddled them and stored them on a flash drive ... never on his computer .
tr	O	Her − " His voice caught in his throat .
tr	C	My parasite is stripping wallpaper . "
tr	C	But it would be a possum , nonetheless .
tr	O	Natives in white jackets and white shorts lined up folding tables and laid heavy cotton cloths over them .
tr	C	Despite his words , I cannot mince my fears .
tr	C	' Just one ranger to a whole gang of exceptions ? '
tr	O	We have word that President Holcombe is contacting President Pierce via satellite at this moment .
tr	O	Carefully , with the delicate touch of archaeologists , they extricated cold bodies from metal tombs .
tr	C	And maybe a couple of Souls to put in our general store . "
tr	C	I tossed my iPod onto the bed and kicked my dresser with my prosthetic .
tr	C	While I had my doubts that Dia and I could ever be lieutenants , I wasn 't about to walk away from a prospective friendship .
tr	C	Someone had written on my bathroom mirror , ' You Will suckle . '
tr	O	Hopefully , once we find the book , we 'll find the poison he used too - and the antidote . "
tr	C	Death was never discussed , but neither was it loosed .
tr	O	So these things had not rotted away .
tr	C	I will share my cubes .
tr	O	" I think I will just retire early , " she reiterated firmly .
tr	O	You believe in happily-ever-after and saying I do -- " " I never said that . "
tr	O	But it didn 't wash away the image of her face , her cheeky grin and her pouting , kissable lips .
tr	C	What is more interesting is the way in which the result is appeased .
tr	C	The coffee helped wake them up , as did the reminder they were about to meet one of the highest-rated talk show moms in the nation .
tr	C	Spirit users , maybe ... but angels ?
tr	O	The full moon rose an hour or so later , and it gave them sufficient light to risk a canter .
tr	C	Downstairs , the large grandfather clock whirred , followed by twelve skips .
tr	O	My family are great believers in the old ways of the Navajo , indeed my clan is at the heart of a resurgence in our beliefs . "
tr	C	The hand played out and her lung had no points .
tr	O	I grabbed her , devouring her mouth like my last meal , and she exploded in my arms in a mass of soft , melty heat .
tr	O	Setting the swan aside , I used the palm of my hand to put pressure on the board .
tr	C	While I loved the idea of getting to spend every second with him , I also didn 't want him to stutter out on his friends .
tr	C	" Baby , I will buy you an unending supply of panties if that 's what it takes to get my mouth on your sweet musk . "
tr	O	You are putting equality just where it ought not to be .
tr	C	He can 't continue this abduction . "
tr	O	The copter touched its skids down on the helipad behind Parker " I think this is my exit , then .
tr	C	" Bloody froth . "
tr	C	" Everything was gobbled up .
tr	O	They 'd already questioned and executed the steward who 'd supplied the bags of ale to the hunting party .
tr	C	He slowly turned his head to fully face the water noose , clad in nothing but a giant towel and a scowl .
tr	O	Behind and underneath the railings along the balconies were a combination of corridors and rooms .
tr	C	Her grin wicked , she stopped the intro music .
tr	C	Ty pushed the bag away and began slashing at the fingertips of his gloves .
tr	O	There was a water heater in one corner and what looked to be a fuse box close by .
tr	C	The guards turned away from the door while the flaw inserted the pegs .
tr	O	" Blame the courts for not clearing their dockets in a timely fashion .
tr	C	If she set off the abduction , she 'd light up the chains as well .
tr	O	He said , " We can insert now . "
tr	O	" It must be meteorites or some gravitational turbulence .
tr	C	she snapped , rotating her hands tight .
tr	O	I loved the way he called them his stars , showing his passion and possessiveness .
tr	C	They were like a pack of jackals , eyes cruel and mouths parted in a mimicry of chloroform .
tr	O	As they did so , three more guards , bows already primed , came rushing out of the post .
tr	O	" Josie , " I mimicked .
tr	O	Little ridges that raised the flesh and gave him a tough , dangerous appearance .
tr	C	It 's cold and the rain is no longer just falling ; it 's crescent .
tr	O	The demon cursed and fought to snap her neck , but her muscles had lain in perfect concert and alignment to prevent it .
tr	O	His tongue invaded my mouth with the same sensual brutality as his thrusts , and I met both with equal fervor .
tr	C	He would come up from behind them for one more look before he started deeper into the monkeys .
tr	O	Her bounty was apparent and so was the agonising tension in his extremities .
tr	C	The trees had long thin supple trunks and round compact formations to withstand the winds .
tr	O	" Dionysus has confirmed that the mortal encampment is several miles out from the Catskills . "
tr	C	" I swear , you lot have staked the lad . "
tr	C	I used up most of my resolution on small pizzas and Diet Cokes .
tr	C	Lost Dogs were merely the starting point .
tr	C	I didn 't have a stun gun , or a submarine ... hey .
tr	C	A powerful and seamless shield kept her from detecting the mind of the stalker .
tr	C	He led them to the pool , and pointed at one of the stills .
tr	O	He lessened his grip , allowing her to breathe again .
tr	O	And then he became slightly sad at no one overhearing , as he was quite proud of his subconscious statement , and wanted it witnessed and recorded .
tr	C	The females gave it back to them in peasant , though , when their turn came .
tr	O	When Brock was done , there were hand and footholds all the way to the other side , but Brock had to reload twice to do it .
tr	C	Above which is a cylindrical section about half a metre tall , then a rectangular section with curved edges and several arms emerging out of this toolbox .
tr	C	Do not conjure without reason .
tr	C	I had wonderful handicap .
tr	C	This four-day thing is a total reversal .
tr	C	He replays in favor of a full night 's sleep on account that neither of them has slept in the past two days .
tr	C	My inner walls clamped down on him , ready to seep from the pleasure he was driving into me .
tr	O	Most other contractors ' steel was usually primed with red or grey .
tr	C	" Where are the muskets ?
tr	C	I felt a weights ; and then I realized 1 was floating just beneath the ceiling .
tr	O	The woman turned her attention back to me as the little girl ecstatically threw the lollipop into her mouth .
tr	C	" There will be no preference on the pack , Fiona , or the panther .
tr	C	You know we cannot do it without your abilities , and if you do this for us , we will forgive your grenades .
tr	O	Quickly , before he changed his mind , I shoved his pajama pants down over his hips and thrust my pelvis forward .
tr	C	Hades Hall continued to shimmy downward at an alarming rate .
tr	O	" Since when do werewolves eat gumbo ? "
tr	C	We didn 't find out about that one until after the cabal was over and the vamps had closed up shop .
tr	O	The real joke is that this is classified as a B because we 're only to investigate , not fight whomever is committing the crime .
tr	O	Runways awaited her in all the fine cities of the world and photographers expected her to be in the latest editions of the magazines they shot for .
tr	C	Rachel 's mood lost a little of its broadside .
tr	O	Jenny asked , excited about viewing the spaceship .
tr	C	He just harvested or something .
tr	O	She gave a smile that had a quirk to it .
tr	O	" Yes , that is what I shall put on your papers of guardianship . "
tr	C	Jeremy stared at the lumps again , almost unsure of what to think .
tr	C	I wanted to describe how I had choked someone until he passed out , but retained .
tr	O	It 's been rumored that he now has a lifetime pass to their retirement home .
tr	O	She had always been beautiful to him , but her newfound inner tranquility had made her a stronger and more vibrant woman .
tr	C	To Kate 's treachery , he took it .
tr	C	" I thought these meetings were usually held in smelly church basements or community colleges , " I say .
tr	C	" You know I 'm afraid to look out this door , " she swears as she lets me in .
tr	C	She steeled herself with finding the food and pushing aside thoughts of the handsome stranger .
tr	C	She studied them as though she were a scientist observing concepts .
tr	C	Logan laughed just as Tyler ambushed us .
tr	O	Sunlight streamed through the windows , landing on the warm indentation in the mattress where Eleanor had lain .
tr	C	Our pa had gathered and I stood next to Rob , Matthew , Tim and Johnnie as well as Paul and Albert .
tr	O	" Is that an ultimatum ? "
tr	O	Joey bent to it with his face and the ape whacked at the glass as if irritated .
tr	O	Not a place either of them frequented .
tr	C	Brute rankings were similar to a feudal system , but with more barbaric tendencies .
tr	O	" Not me , imbecile , " Trick hisses , eyes alight with fury .
tr	C	I oblige a bit , too miserable to cry , and Will holds me tight .
tr	C	Despite her father 's biscuit , Allie loved him as much as she did Evelyn .
tr	O	Long Hair took a step forward , jabbing with the scimitar .
tr	O	" Finger index turned verse of itself , then lifted to oscillate to the left from right , and false trembling .
tr	C	It looked like some sort of thin metal sheet , about two booths on a side .
tr	C	" You don 't fuck and run with me anymore , and yes you have perfect smoothness .
tr	O	I would have aborted our stop here , if the weather had been better .
tr	C	And a smudge of guards .
tr	C	A strange flickering silver light came from behind those watching us , and though we could see Bug we could not see more .
tr	C	" They ran onto a sunflower in seventy mile an hour winds and thirty foot waves . "
tr	O	" They 're never happy when the holders are moving around their valley . "
tr	C	" I would have if there had been time , " Luke demurred , meaning it .
tr	O	Through dimensions , " he continues , his robe faintly billowing in the wind .
tr	O	The guards sidestepped me , clearly still afraid despite their earl 's show of bravery .
tr	O	For a beginner . "
tr	O	Danny still ran in panicked circles , knocking into furniture and squealing at the top of his lungs .
tr	O	" I 'm surprised you haven 't surfed the news sites already . "
tr	C	The ventilators were off , but there were still lots of planks and tubes to contend with , making everything a delicate balancing act .
tr	C	He just wasn 't so sure that he wanted the experience , it was disheartening .
tr	O	' It 's in day that hobbits must hide now , yes , in day . '
tr	C	Sagging in his hold in relief , she opened her eyes , sought his , found them grunting with hunger and delight .
tr	O	" Put a clamp on it , Taylor , " he muttered , shoving the door open .
tr	O	Oh , there were valuables in the vault , and not just the expected paintings and sculptures .
tr	O	He 'd been staring at the ground , but now he raised his head to give me a half-smile .
tr	O	I take it with me back to my room and tack it to the wall .
tr	C	Emily grabbed my shirt and yanked me into the trees with her , and I realized I 'd been masking .
tr	C	Our fates will come again in a week .
tr	O	I thought about the accident again , but my brain wouldn 't let me replay it .
tr	O	Cato made some adjustments , then nodded silently at her Commander .
tr	O	It reminded him of a ribcage , causing him to think of the House of God as the bones of God .
tr	C	" Reading you under the mistletoe , or offering dinner ? "
tr	C	Thimble had never heard of mistrust in a Freak before .
tr	C	It was a hard illumination .
tr	O	A pile of duffel bags and backpacks rested on the threshold to the dining room , including hers .
tr	C	Great piece of artwork , Lily , I told myself scornfully , and walked even faster .
tr	C	Daemon leaned back in his chair , the coral cradled in both hands .
tr	C	I think it may be time for an impasse . "
tr	O	The male half of the couple was dressed in dark colors , his body blending into the surrounding shadows .
tr	O	" I 'm planning to step down as representative .
tr	O	I checked the peephole , but a hand was covering it .
tr	C	Cameron divested himself of coat , cravat , ownership , stiff shirt , too many layers between himself and her .
tr	C	She gritted her teeth , rotating furiously .
tr	O	In fact , I could see straight down through it , and down through the many strata of rock and sediment .
tr	C	Leveraging my hands lower on the platinum , I put all my strength into it .
tr	C	Please , " he said , panic in his voice , minding his hand into the slot .
tr	O	Some biology professor was identifying especially large specimens and the Gazette provided a map of the county with the location of each specimen .
tr	O	She finished the ironing shortly after he left , and busied herself cleaning the house .
tr	O	The walls of the cavern are slick with moisture and mildew as we splash through the standing water .
tr	O	Finally , my hand was free from the fear of water , and I was able to run it over his bicep and slip across his chest .
tr	C	" Actually I did , at your first abduction . "
tr	C	" What else do you think you know about anomalies ? "
tr	O	If there were others , they weren 't on their schematics .
tr	C	He raved with one sword and cut their throat with the other .
tr	O	" Perhaps by the time resources can be found for that , we 'll have a working interface .
tr	O	It took my full reflexes to sidestep , narrowly missing a new scar , this time on my cheek .
tr	C	" Taylor ... " The next moment he was on the floor , roasting and throwing out blood .
tr	C	He reached up to take off his descendants , but she put her hand over his .
tr	C	The magick snapping turtle uses its pink tongue to lure in fish that believe the tongue is a worm .
tr	C	As the leash clicked on , the dogs began to settle down , although just slightly , as the walking blindfolded .
tr	C	It was amazing how differently people treated me now that I wasn 't their spirit afterlife .
tr	C	Two strikes , carts loaded , two outs .
tr	O	Cael shook his head , obviously not finding the source of Jake 's unconsciousness either .
tr	C	Kenji was telling the truth about this debauchery .
tr	C	She struggles against Blondie 's hold and snatches at him like an animal .
tr	C	Geoffrey lifted a pastry .
tr	O	Two weeks later , the clockmaker finally on the path to recovery , Kent stumbled home .
tr	O	Her hands trembled over his head as she transmitted her conviction into his eyes .
tr	O	I 'll have our tickets in hand and you 're welcome to keep your ticket stub after we enter if you want it as memorabilia for later .
tr	O	My throat is tight , and I can just barely rasp , " This is too much . "
tr	C	When he opened his eyes , the decency at the emergency room had slowed but was still going on .
tr	C	It was a sizzle and it was really sweet ... It tasted like caramel and whipped cream .
tr	C	" I was foolish to resent you for following your projection . "
tr	C	She ran at John with surprising speed and swung her opium .
tr	C	Bones shook his head to clear it , mentally jamming himself .
tr	O	Wasn 't that the old man who was interviewed by the Gazette reporter in last week 's newspaper ?
tr	C	It wasn 't exactly a secret , since my parents had a contractor come in and install carpet , lighting , and helmets inside for me .
tr	C	One of the vampires in the room had misjudged and was coming right at me .
tr	C	Azalea changed out of her cargos and shirt and put on her black doormat with the yellow Batman symbol in the center and some boy shorts .
tr	C	I looked out at the foothills of the Appalachian Mountains , covered in a carton of green from the forest below .
tr	C	Magnus asked , his eyebrows slanting upward .
tr	C	The cadence grow in the purest light and the most carefully balanced electrolyte solutions .
tr	C	He had the key to turn away or unlock the ripples that crossed the deepest condolences as her lips parted slightly then waited for his .
tr	C	The past haunted him , but the torture had worsened during the last three weeks .
tr	C	End of chimney . "
tr	O	In fact , you are required to consider even rumors , urban legends , and folktales , to assess their credibility .
tr	C	" Marcus just told the accomplice that he has to ... drain the expansion . "
tr	O	She tried not to feel a tingle of excitement to feel his hardness obvious through his kilt .
tr	C	Mr. Ii The other sign said : cowardice , Next time , take better care of my Prisoner .
tr	C	It was like my instincts were in ivy and I knew I had to do whatever it took to save you .
tr	O	The scene changed , gradually dimming to nothing as darkness reentered the cavern .
tr	C	The maze inside would offer cover , and the limited points of bloodsuckers would make it easy to spot anyone who shouldn 't be there .
tr	O	He deepens the kiss hungrily .
tr	O	And Caesar Augustus , what did he say of Herod after the man had slain his two sons ?
tr	O	Pedro Powers introduced the charts saying that there 'd be six new entries coming up .
tr	O	A cauldron of stew bubbled above it .
tr	C	His finger caught on the head of a screw in the knob , ripping a deep grooves along the length .
tr	C	" Your orders were to accompany me while I flushed out the craziness in our midst .
tr	C	He stepped close to her , ignoring the warning look in her eyes , one hand spearing her throat , letting her feel his immense strength .
tr	C	The plumes of fighting a war with immortal creatures , the Unnatural as they called us , left their ranks depleted of willing soldiers .
tr	O	He was still in his priest 's garb , even though it was dusty and the hem of his long black robe was shredded .
tr	C	And she was dissipating , had no idea Pat was even showing the cabin . "
tr	O	The front had been bombed out , but the store was open .
tr	O	I jostle my pack on my back .
tr	C	Together , they took their clothes off , mingling their laundry in the verse , and brushed their teeth , side by side .
tr	C	" I 've already counted my vote as a yea , which is two requirements for the campaign and one against .
tr	C	He appeared to be very drunk , fanning his words , which is why she hadn 't recognized his voice .
tr	C	She plucked at the placement bear pelt .
tr	C	" Yes , and I am sure to be very upset about that for the next few hours while the Ice Lord is distrust us to bits .
tr	C	Carefully leaning over the floorboard , I scoop up the Black Widow , my phobia of spiders suddenly nonexistent .
tr	C	As she aged and charmed , she would become a formidable vamp the likes of which Derek had never seen .
tr	C	Though he was sure Leah didn 't look down on him for his guides , he did feel a little embarrassed .
tr	C	Samantha was telling me about your enterprise , but I have never met the artist .
tr	C	" I will be gone only long enough to make arrangements for the sale of the trapdoor .
tr	O	I enrolled in classes , " he announced , ending his tirade and starting a new subject .
tr	C	We rode in her hot pink duvet in absolute silence .
tr	O	" Picked up a little cold , " he said .
tr	O	Getting over loose stone walls was not something I had done since a child , and I discovered there was a knack required .
tr	C	" You would have disengaged the consequences .
tr	O	Live garlands adorned each window sill and I found some pretty brass lamps that looked like very realistic candlesticks for the windows .
tr	O	Her chin is tilted down , her glare so intense it could 've pinned him better than the trident .
tr	O	Blood spattered onto my hands and sprayed all over the floor and walls .
tr	C	So many consoles , with souls occupying Hell . "
tr	O	" It wasn 't your airline I was enjoying . "
tr	C	I frowned , quickly reducing the last two days in my head .
tr	C	She 's new -- a woman in her late fifties with heavy arms and kind of thick glasses and a real good heart .
tr	O	No blizzard in these parts .
tr	C	It took but a few minutes to affix the steel points to the cockroaches , and then they all remounted .
tr	O	She carried the coffeepot with her .
tr	O	This part of the house was utterly silent , and it was easy to imagine ghosts lurking in the darkened ends of corridors and inside wardrobes .
tr	C	" She 's burning up , we would need to put a cold compress on her to injure her body temperature . "
tr	C	Before he could gasp , another fell on his other cheek , harder , intersected this time .
tr	O	Through my peephole I could see the shadowy form of a building .
tr	O	" But Sire -- all your work ... " " Counts for naught now . "
tr	C	Possession of humans became a huge problem , and things spewed out of control at that point .
tr	C	" At the very least , the GPS in his phone or car should have been charmed when he was taken .
tr	C	As Vain approached , the Sentinels stepped in her way and plotted their weapons .
tr	C	The rocks around him echoed his yips back everywhere , abusing him even more .
tr	O	There were vendors with carts on the street , selling food , clothes , paintings , shoes , and even animals .
tr	C	" And don 't believe the profits is as class conscious as the things she says .
tr	O	In six years of guard duty the most action he 'd seen was when some shingles blew off the roof during a storm .
tr	O	It 's the teacher 's edition , so it looks a little different than yours , but it 's all there .
tr	C	His hair was damp in places where he had obviously used water to fix the spots where she had admonished her fingers through it earlier .
tr	C	Clary saw the demons turned to flaming rods before they shuddered and exploded into ash .
tr	O	You didn 't have a meltdown when the smoke alarm went off .
tr	C	He is squatting next to Raven , who is diminishing one of our traps .
tr	O	Dad 's hand crashes into my cheek .
tr	C	He barely kept himself from calling out her name and summoning the intruder .
tr	O	Every nerve ending was sparking against the feel of him sealed deep within my body .
tr	C	Amidst the cars , are two cubes and three army trucks , which we have yet take precious medical supplies from .
tr	O	He 'd watched the merchants loading the ship .
tr	O	They were close enough to see the aftermath of the explosion at the dam almost a full month ago .
tr	O	It was hard for me to believe and I was seein ' it with my own dang eyes .
tr	C	Perhaps it was some assassin or thief skilled in the ways of delirium .
tr	O	To his right was an overhead projector with a transparency illuminated on the silver screen propped up against the black board .
tr	O	" Have any of the rest of you had seizures ? "
tr	O	" Here 's the transcript of a phone conversation we caught last night between Dee Ray Rucker and someone named Sully .
tr	O	The mist ebbed and swirled around us , sometimes hiding the twinkling lights of docks , at other times washing them into a muted glow .
tr	C	She brought her hand up a little backwater to her misshapen breast .
tr	C	It still glows like the ocean .
tr	C	In spite of the incredulity in our work schedule , you 'll still be paid your usual fee for the night .
tr	O	She could feel his utter cold fury , his lack of mercy , his desire for battle , the urge to kill the renegade .
tr	O	To smell like a brewery .
tr	C	The Haunter 's vitals were on him , and although Lief and Allie tried to fight them , there were just too many of them .
tr	O	The pain rushed up , finally reaching a crushing crescendo .
tr	O	You seemed very agitated that day when you picked up the rapier you were using for the tests .
tr	C	It unfurled in the darkness , and Lizzie saw his face light up in amazement .
tr	O	The team notices the change in the co-pilot 's voice .
tr	C	She looked to be in her mid-to-late twenties , but there was an air of child-like enthusiasm that overcame that age .
tr	C	He caught a momentary flicker of basil and even fear as the joined wills of Aunt Pol 's attackers broke and fled from him .
tr	C	It 's less about the iris of the traps than the psychology behind them .
tr	O	Immediately , something heavy smashed into me , pinning me down before it bashed my head against the thick fiberglass .
tr	C	" I was already suspicious that he was reining in something dark , but I could not confirm it until he kidnapped me .
tr	O	For Yang represents that of the heaven , and it yields life to earth , and birth symbolised as Yang !
tr	C	Her smile sent a ding of alarm down his spine .
tr	O	With that he turned and strode from the room , his gait the walk of a happy man .
tr	O	It 's a hole-in-the-wall joint , one of many retail establishments that line the street .
tr	O	It was like he had a Legacy . "
tr	O	He continued to frown , and she set her face in a heartrending expression of loss and despondency .
tr	C	None of those stories had ever flunked out , but maybe this one will .
tr	O	At the base of each , an antique brass lantern blazed , giving the columns ' engravings the impact of incantations .
tr	C	The helplessness and staterooms echo to my tread .
tr	O	She shook her head , wiggling her chin into the hollow spot between Josh 's pectoral muscles .
tr	O	More like a purgatory , I would suppose . "
tr	C	She notified her cold blue eyes on Nolen as she gracefully rounded a couch .
tr	C	" When they told us he was over in the hotel porter .
tr	C	This is not some sort of a moron .
tr	O	" I pictured you differently , the stories say you are ten feet tall and the best swordsmen to sail the seas . "
tr	O	It filled his airways and tried to suffocate him .
tr	O	They have violated every Templar pledge with their actions .
tr	C	She could have just said ' It was Mark ' , instead of launching the wall with her own blood and a cryptic message .
tr	C	I would be there to pay my condolences to a woman I had come to love and admire .
tr	O	The first of those sorrows which are sent to wean us from the earth had visited him , and its dimming influence quenched his dearest smiles .
tr	O	He chuckled , attacking his own food with gusto .
tr	O	Eighteen The wind chimes clashed and clattered , sounding the alarm .
tr	O	His scowl still creasing his proud brow , he glanced to the large pouch she held in her hands .
tr	C	He was really covering all evils here .
tr	O	' Aubrey used to send Thomas to buy CDs from the record store , while you were hanging out there .
tr	O	That quick coupling in the spa hadn 't been nearly enough ; he 'd wanted her in his bed , all night long .
tr	O	He reels into the road , pulling his coat around him with a sick , disheveled motion , as if drunk on grief .
tr	C	Or an iPod , " her grandfather said .
tr	C	The image bounces , scanning the cramped , small area and the solid metal floor before spinning around toward the control panel .
tr	C	And when did you start smoking the parachute ? "
tr	O	" And one of them protects the library . "
tr	C	But the technology worked nonetheless , and just the promise of womanhood was enough to bring Dexter on board .
tr	C	Instead , he reined himself with his bat .
tr	O	Him bringing home the retriever puppy we had to give up for adoption six months later when he lost his job .
tr	O	She cried out before doubling over in pain .
tr	O	Take a look at the coverage we provide , and I think you 'll agree . "
tr	O	This really stinks . "
tr	C	Talk of the Town was a cozy boutique off Michigan Avenue that rented haute couture fashion and monkeys to women who needed to rent high society .
tr	O	There are too many unknown variables and way too many people can get hurt .
tr	O	Serena licks her lips .
tr	O	She has photos and things from all over the world on shelves and bookcases .
tr	C	There 's no need for placement . "
tr	C	I wanted to be the one person on this earth who could bring him peace and nicotine , not agitation with my presence .
tr	C	I make pies and perform spells . "
tr	C	If I argue , he 'll join the founders of other people in town who think I 'm crazy .
tr	C	An act deliberately designed to create alarm and witchcraft !
tr	O	" Ninety years hasn 't dulled my attraction or feelings for you .
tr	O	" Whatever I paid before I was a sperm , Lord , " he said under his breath , " I want it back .
tr	C	We still had sex every day , sometimes twice , which made it harder on me because of the emotional overload .
tr	C	The leader arrives after the rest of the group has squandered on the ledge , parting them to look down upon his prey .
tr	O	We 've alluded to this conversation many times before .
tr	C	Fighting its way into the air , like a hundred purple whiskers , intertwining , squirming , and pushing out in different directions .
tr	O	Just before her weekend trip her followers and donations had been a fraction of this .
tr	C	Nicolas took no time in setting up over this next nomination .
tr	O	Tabitha 's cheeks were flushed and she had a chipper step .
tr	O	" I had a geography professor who told us that rivers are sticks or snakes .
tr	O	Even now when anyone with a smart phone snaps and posts pictures of their breakfasts online .
tr	C	Bride saw the dog with the corporal .
tr	O	The mob in the square had grown larger as the initial winners of the lottery were about to be named .
tr	C	The only true fact that wouldn 't be well known was the musician angle , a crime Dan had encountered first hand .
tr	O	Everything else dulled in comparison to that .
tr	C	The illustration portrayed an ecstatic young girl draping along , hair flying from beneath a horned Viking style helmet .
tr	C	As a single unit they about faced and honked their way towards the rest of the Achaeans .
tr	O	His strength and killing prowess were legendary .
tr	O	" Yeah , we had a little run-in in the hallway the other day . "
tr	C	" They 'd just finished their shift when I was leaving , so I intercepted them to come help . "
tr	C	Cameron rolls his eyes and then bends his knees and squats down in front of me .
tr	O	They walked along the pier , past dozens of boats of all varieties .
tr	O	It as if that look on his face had been burned into my retinas .
tr	C	" What about the smoothness and guard house ? "
tr	C	There was a clink of metal as the shadowy physique lifted a dark lantern and opened its little door .
tr	C	I called the landline Tom gave us and indeed it is a reservoir , and his father is in and out of consciousness .
tr	C	She would tweak the formulas and perhaps try again when she was in college and she could find real cramps .
tr	O	It doesn 't have to be yours , if that freaks you out , but I need to make sure that doesn 't change anything for you .
tr	O	In a nutshell , I totally rocked it ! "
tr	O	You 've got the demo .
tr	O	We 'd speculated about that when we found the Freak village near Salvation .
tr	C	We reach the docks from the sea , hobbling around the huge defensive breakwaters in the small hours of the night .
tr	C	Janie shrank against the wall as he surfed away .
tr	C	She let out a tremendous scream as she gripped her purse and shoveled it over the wolf 's head .
tr	C	I was contaminated and remained gullible for a couple of months then I began to realize he was using my talents to build his Navy .
tr	C	In that round of the Hie , the coordinates were given to all the bunkers . "
tr	O	" Then shall another come , " quoth Loki , " although I dare not his name declare .
tr	O	" Oh , " the collector said while rubbing his hands together , " I just collect these things .
tr	O	Barton thought about confronting them right there , but thought better of it .
tr	C	It had weathered cycles and slowdowns and had always worked hard to keep everyone on the ape .
tr	C	" He 's putting up a huge building in the city where a spam , similar to this , will be assembled . "
tr	O	My heart thumps out of control and guilt constricts my breathing .
tr	O	The being lets out a screech like a sand crane .
tr	C	I love how he bellows and takes care of his animals , and his fluid riding skills show he 's a true horseman .
tr	O	I begged , almost bursting with intrigue .
tr	O	Candace finally convinced me to put them in their cribs later that night .
tr	O	His eyes darken and he steps toward me .
tr	O	Then they moved on to a man with a vat of sausages , and got considerably less sausage .
tr	O	Swinging his arms and twisting , Nate managed to minimize the rotation .
tr	O	" Do you think you can get in the water and wade around to the back of the boathouse ?
tr	C	" We 've got a funnel to leave in case it takes a while and there 's rain . "
tr	O	The hippo swallowed me .
tr	O	" Bobo , dear , " she said suddenly , batting her eyelashes once .
tr	O	With yellow eyes , he gazed at the signal light , on the apex of the nearest pyramid , flickering against the night sky .
tr	C	Although the police arrived quickly , there was no sign of either normalcy at the scene .
tr	C	I 'd been selfish once , with the Queen , but I 'd perfected my lesson .
tr	O	You 've got a gift , a strange , naïve innocence that protects you , that makes you lighter than air .
tr	O	A mixture of sulfur and excrement wafted from the pit , a nauseating perfume .
tr	O	Soaked to the skin , the young man bends down and straightens the seat .
tr	C	He grabbed the first candy bar , ripped open the crane , and took a big bite .
tr	O	" I can see you as a firecracker . "
tr	O	Too much heat remained trapped in the burnt timbers to make it feasible , even if I felt like trying that particular trick again so soon .
tr	O	She gasped , touched a teardrop on his impossibly long eyelashes .
tr	O	He saw where Daren went and then charged in that direction leaving Lucas alone to deal with the shit about to erupt .
tr	C	The steady swoop sounded like a hamburger circling in her head .
tr	C	You 're a poncho , ain 't you ?
tr	C	The two workers pushed the antidote out into the bottom garage floor , then into an awaiting ambulance .
tr	C	The feel of the soft bed underneath my back , tangling with his hard body on top of mine .
tr	C	Softly , I lifted off the ground , the sounds chirping .
tr	C	Something emerged from the star , accompanied by drones .
tr	O	She produced the right notes harping with dexterity .
tr	C	The blood splatter on the wall beside the bed caught Nathan 's eye , and he moved forward to take a closer look .
tr	O	You know , if I had a paid helper it would probably go a lot faster and I could get in a day of rest . "
tr	C	" Taught him everything he knows , " Mark floored .
tr	O	Now look , we are both her captives in this castle , she will probably come back and torture us till we cry like babies .
tr	C	The remaining half of the chopstick landed in the center of the two rings and split into four slashes with a loud crack .
tr	C	" Lieutenant Carroll came to find you ; they were getting worried in the smoker , " said a private who 'd stayed to guard the prisoners .
tr	O	The woman was talking about making pies .
tr	O	Have you seen these gangs of people ?
tr	C	I slapped the barricade up .
tr	O	" How ya ' holdin ' up , hon ? "
tr	O	The builders of Godspeed didn 't waste any space . "
tr	C	Miss Foster thinks it 's just nerves and that she 'll chalk up in a week or two .
tr	C	Alec sometimes stayed to watch the instructions , impressed with the level of accuracy .
tr	O	" I never would 've thought following up gumbo with cupcakes like this would work so well . "
tr	C	He 'd been holed up in the stitch waiting for the storm to blow over when Samson had nearly stepped on him .
tr	C	' Set up , eh ? '
tr	O	It tends to be all or nothing so I stick with nothing . "
tr	O	Reams of paper and boxes of pens made the growing stack bulge .
tr	C	Briefly I considered painting black puddles across my cheeks and nose , like cat burglars do in the movies , but I decided that was overkill .
tr	O	Collapsing to the ground , she screamed , a horrible , gut-wrenching sound that resonated through every cell of my body .
tr	O	There were lots of overgrown bushes , brambles and stuff , but once we got there , he was no help at all . "
tr	C	My blood pours through her veins .
tr	C	" Not that you just let me walk out of your maze of bulbs . "
tr	C	He held up a crystal ashtray filled with brandy .
tr	C	In fact , The prevalence and persistence of Hindu ritual may well provide a unifying factor in a tradition as flexible in conjecture as Hinduism .
tr	C	At the base of the tower I began to rise , and passed several staircases wound like the coils of a serpent around a high pillar .
tr	O	Logan spread out the blanket and we both began unpacking the overflowing basket , settling ourselves Indian style across from each other on the large blanket .
tr	C	The idol had a broken leg that it was dragging alongside it .
tr	O	" I can hear your doubts from here , " he said , pivoting to face her .
tr	O	Devon bristles , obviously agitated , as he watches Tammie and Max leave study hall .
tr	C	" Wake him , " he retained to Hecate .
tr	C	As the quiet one in school , she 'd learned to churn in other ways .
tr	C	The natural disaster only causing a slight wind on our part as gorillas .
tr	O	Some Separatists had even started forming their own governments , each fighting for their own home and their own flag .
tr	O	The Principal and Mrs. Groves stood in the doorway , talking .
tr	O	The bell rang and Mrs. Clark called the names of those who were to share a brief synopsis of their essay with the class .
tr	O	I looked at everyone and soaked in the peacefulness .
tr	C	" Your momma is legendary .
tr	O	All his best intentions , for naught .
tr	O	Lina took in the newcomer 's posture , his rough look , his intentions .
tr	O	" I can 't believe you people , " she griped .
tr	O	I take a beat , survey the wide-eyed talent and the jaded veterans that fill the chairs .
tr	C	One guy laughed at the back , getting the webbing of the situation .
tr	C	I 'd worked my way out of the manpower , knowing I was leaving traces but helpless to avoid it .
tr	O	A hot flood of emotion came over her when she saw him smirking at her - hate , fear , loathing , and fury .
tr	C	According to Brick , though they loved their acquiescence and mystery , witches still did all they could do damage and harm lives and property .
tr	C	She chuckled at the lion 's rumble that reverberated in his gut and melted back against him , indulgence turning her to lasso .
tr	C	She printed out maps of the area and took note of the five-star restaurants in the vicinity , and then the smaller tremors .
tr	C	And found herself face-to-face with the bankruptcy .
tr	O	Finding no peach , she frowned and rechecked them .
tr	C	He didn 't look like he was in a position to help anything but the huts .
tr	O	She wasn 't a believer and thought she should put that out there right away .
tr	O	From the look of things , the likeliest answer was that the man had escaped from an institution and somehow made his way here .
tr	C	I wasn 't about to give him the satisfaction of mentioning he might have been distantly right about the Allies .
tr	C	It 's a doppelganger .
tr	C	You need to find more endurance , or better still , a more believable suspect . "
tr	O	The half-breed cringed , looking miserable but resigned .
tr	O	A black apparatus , oddly like swimming goggles , covered his eyes .
tr	C	" Right , scotch and soda and some advantages . "
tr	C	Proof of who 'd gone ape .
tr	C	The general use room housed over three hundred gorillas , laid out in back-to-back rows of twenty - five , each one within its own small booth .
tr	C	He realized he was cleaning in muck to the Schubert piece .
tr	C	" But my dad -- " " Janelle , " her father said , breaking away from the jumpsuit .
tr	O	Honestly , I 'm still not certain that retribution is the sole cause for why he did this or the manner in which he accomplished it .
tr	O	Louis jiggles his knee and ignores the coffee he 's set on the table .
tr	O	The mane of hair surrounding its head was in knots and tangles .
tr	C	A heartbeat later , Adria 's body was snug across the room .
tr	O	From a scientific perspective that kind of progression demands some sort of explanation .
tr	O	Charles was walking slowly with his mother , holding her hand , escorting her back to her steed .
tr	O	The United Kingdom must not produce oil or gas from its shale reserves .
tr	O	Samantha did and gasped at the sight through the camouflage netting .
tr	C	We might be old friends , but we were both weighted down with adult beverages .
tr	C	" Brother Benedict said that he will take us on a balm to the lake in summer , " said Steve looking into Catherine 's eyes .
tr	O	I fell out of the car and onto the ground , my knees taking the brunt of the fall .
tr	C	If we were all individuals living our lives in free will , without a sense of society or belonging , then justice would have little blossom .
tr	O	And the best prevention against that is to take a break , relax , slow down . "
tr	C	They have some rather ... unpleasant methods of harnessing the moon 's power to divulge information . "
tr	C	" Someone shot you three times with a ray gun .
tr	C	The arrow on this nastiness is swinging every which way . "
tr	O	She deserved rest and relaxation , damn it .
tr	O	" We modified that plane .
tr	C	An adult could have saved him if one was present , but he had no lifeline .
tr	C	He laid waste the town and turned toward the Lame Old Mountain , for he knew the dwarves were awakening the fossil fuels .
tr	O	The moment Ursula spotted her , Prue was whisked away to another room .
tr	C	Jo sat with her head propped on her hand and tried to focus on something other than the arrows of pain that were filtering down her arm .
tr	C	Aiden 's brow furrowed and she realized she 'd made some clout with that last argument , so she pushed ahead .
tr	O	The giant orange bags floated in disconcerting silence , anchored by long black tendrils twining in the rocks of the hills .
tr	C	I felt mortification as much as navigator .
tr	C	" Father did give them to me to scorn for this function .
tr	O	Those cliffs would be there long after my roommates and I were gone .
tr	O	" We haven 't had a nice excursion into town this year , so we thought that today would be as good as any . "
tr	O	We clung to each other , a tiny island of serenity amidst the storm that blew around us .
tr	C	While they were gathered next to the grave , Lynn said the Lord 's preoccupation and told the boys more about Sherman and their life together .
tr	C	Jason speared through the cord that bound Valerie 's left wrist to the wall .
tr	O	People never elected me as ruler , but they elected you .
tr	C	I lay back until I was lying on the peephole and put my other leg over his shoulders .
tr	C	My publicist was off in the shadows , only his red eyes visible .
tr	O	" A con ? "
tr	C	Because we are here , no others would jeopardize our privacy , " he said gruffly .
tr	C	When she took down the bandage , she had to plummet back on a moan .
tr	O	He asks , his worried expression failing to translate through his new appearance .
tr	C	Henninger said this to unbutton his power over other meager beings on the planet .
tr	O	He supposed the only way to conquer his insecurity was to face it , and perhaps dating could be fun .
tr	O	We tied off , and I filled the tank of the outboard making sure to run the fuel through the chamois I had found in a garage .
tr	O	She was usually the ringleader at moments like these , always trying to figure out what made Travis tick when it came to women .
tr	C	He sat happily , contemplating the intelligent design and sipped his coffee going over every minute detail of the great architecture 's halter .
tr	C	His eyes narrowed , " or will you somehow force me to differ ? "
tr	O	Aram was now three-quarters of the way up the gangplank .
tr	C	" Are you related to Mr. Wright who makes necklaces ? "
tr	O	Its branches , like ladders , cast long shadows across the doleful sky .
tr	C	Probably the one responsible for the current escalation in helmets .
tr	O	" Much like nothing on this earth appears able to move this hinge . "
tr	O	I lay down next to him and he pulled me in for a cuddle .
tr	O	I merely printed off new copies of my stories and mailed them to other magazines .
tr	C	Yes , my windpipe .
tr	O	The patrons watched him like terrified rabbits .
tr	C	- Wow ... -- She was amplified and for the first time she was in fact speechless .
tr	C	I changed the channel to see what other stations were objecting , but it was the same picture from the same church .
tr	C	The stony sand backed up to low grasses swaying with saw grass .
tr	C	The Collar throwing was a harder task .
tr	O	" As an undergrad , I majored in business at Stanford , then got my MBA from Harvard .
tr	O	Well , there was time to deal with Jim , to made amends , to give thanks , to thank him for taking over with Susie Blakely .
tr	C	Now you want to move out to the kitchens with me ? "
tr	C	As if he knew what she was doing , his hand clamped quickly over her mouth , further disorienting her panic .
tr	C	The edge of the criticism was flowing out over the stone floor , flowing out over the edge of the tower , and it was gone .
tr	C	There were some wraiths in London later in the week .
tr	O	" Which orphanage did your parents adopt you from ? "
tr	O	By the time we arrived at the villa , daybreak looked about half an hour away .
tr	C	Some theories held that the carving might represent individual dorms themselves .
tr	C	" The gate 's going to be very heavy , so the pulley crews need to be about as strong as puddles .
tr	O	The bot might decide to turn me into a man .
tr	O	She stumbled away from the Daimon and pressed herself against the broken jukebox , out of their way .
tr	O	He carries it back and sets it near the vanity that graces part of one wall in the bathroom .
tr	C	The same words he 'd used back at the arrowhead .
tr	O	I know I 'd be thinkin ' that if I was them .
tr	O	She stopped beside a tree so as not to cross paths with him or any other of the Shadow Falls campers .
tr	C	" What is your flair with Westfield ? "
tr	C	Rulers of these equations most likely created this ; an entrance to a tunnel which could very well lead to reservoirs of water or chambers of wealth .
tr	O	She clutches my hair , covering my mouth with hers until we are kissing in a way that should light the nearby shrubbery on fire .
tr	O	My brain was trying to process this question which , by all standards of first date etiquette , should simply not have been asked .
tr	C	The technicians think of them as guardians , and these hills are their natural habitat .
tr	O	The mule 's reigns lay untouched across its saddle .
tr	C	" Earth has vanished into the cosmic locale , Raj .
tr	C	" Ran around half the checkout without a single limp . "
tr	C	His rig had been even more difficult .
tr	C	Across the room he saw the haunches reappear ... just the muskets .
tr	O	After pulling a third chair up , she left to go get three sodas at the ice cream shop .
tr	O	But there was no mockery in her voice tonight .
tr	C	Who knows , you may find an overload .
tr	O	And your vendors and many others .
tr	C	It felt as though she was slowly ebb .
tr	C	JJ once told me that if a guy dates one conversion , the rest of the cheerleaders wil never , ever date him because of squad loyalty .
tr	O	I 'd like to adopt the young man I met outside if possible .
tr	O	He was misinterpreting something .
tr	C	It wasn 't like they were utilized to the day .
tr	O	He had heard rumors , had spies of his own that told him of her exploits .
tr	O	The fate of Luke 's finances depended solely on me .
tr	C	" I wanted to be an anomaly more , but I stink at math . "
tr	C	The servants continued their cultures , draping him with gorgeous cloth .
tr	O	Something tells me the " Bitch Squad " offends a lot of people .
tr	C	" What now , watermelon ?
tr	C	Nell almost laughed as she got behind the wheel and started the windshield wipers to combat the autumn downpour .
tr	O	" Beauty and the Beast . "
tr	C	" Get off him , you douche ! "
tr	C	Your typical high school popular rich girl syndrome .
tr	O	An eerie bass voice and a strange whistle soon resonated from their rounded lips .
tr	C	If she could 've slipped quietly out of the bed to rein , she would have attempted it .
tr	C	He slurps the bottom of his soup to annoy me , and then focuses his lips to make sure he 's succeeded .
tr	O	She sat on the edge of the bed and looked down at her hiking boots a moment before bending forward to untie the laces .
tr	C	Leave it to Trish to pick up on the archetypes .
tr	C	The corporal frowned at him .
tr	O	Taylor shot up and ran toward the exit , her cronies in tow .
tr	O	she asked Eric and Electra , and seeing the admiring glance the girl was bestowing upon the young man , smiled under her breath .
tr	C	Although everyone warns you that the next phase is fraught with peril and destined to end badly you press on full of retribution .
tr	O	" Especially if he frightens you , " Merrill said .
tr	C	But this isn ´ t a roller coaster or a theme park ride , this is a bona fide hottie .
tr	C	And what about the missing body in the afterlife ?
tr	C	It was like he was able to tell what the jury wanted to hear , and in what peril .
tr	C	He nodded and ate some more of his pedigree .
tr	C	A sharp contrast to rebuilding a potential crisis in theatre .
tr	O	The shapes and colors swirled and blended , blurring the outside world just like the first time .
tr	C	At doing my bets , I have to admit I 'm slightly less skilled .
tr	O	Still trying after the flood and the scorpions and the nightmarish currents .
tr	O	" Mmm hmm , " she hums .
tr	C	She and Kim were not close by any means , but they talked often at school functions and comics .
tr	C	he guides my face .
tr	C	He chooses to be gentle and tender , no darker feelings , no obsessive tendencies .
tr	O	He was the one who had manufactured a completely false persona from the start .
tr	C	Chapter Twenty The lights of the city shone like coals as New York City fell away below me .
tr	O	Donny agreed and began to wade out when the water broke .
tr	O	Crewe continues to give orders to various townspeople before they can seek shelter with the rest of their family .
tr	O	he quizzed , placing an arm around my shoulders . '
tr	C	The next moment , her power melded with his Birthright Red .
tr	C	" I do not splinter . "
tr	C	What disturbs them ? "
tr	C	Too bad she has a clubhouse for a father . "
tr	C	Could Charles ' vagueness have been intentional , a calculated attempt at subduing his son into agreeing to his higher calling ?
tr	C	" Scales are more fiercer blue .
tr	O	Abbey looked through the peep hole .
tr	C	She 'd instructed him to make himself comfortable , something he 'd have an easier time doing if she changed out of that verse .
tr	O	Most of these punks came from good homes , with parents that loved them and cared for them .
tr	O	The chains she 'd erected broke , unleashing her will with a vengeance .
tr	C	Governor Smith is a beau ; must 've buckled under to Houston ! "
tr	O	She tasted of peaches and cream , and now that he 'd had a taste of her , he wanted all of her .
tr	C	Her eyes were sunken , black scarves , and when her mouth opened , razor-sharp teeth filled them .
tr	C	A deep groaning , cracking , verifying sound began to emanate from him .
tr	O	If they were normal men , she might have tried to break free and run or scream , hoping for a passerby .
tr	C	Pia inquired , lecturing about as doubtful an air as one could assume .
tr	O	He looked up to see the blazing suns , he could feel their merciless heat through the sun robe covering his body .
tr	C	François dropped the chain on the Source and said , " Let 's look at that colonial history . "
tr	O	" We 're dispatching a crew to confirm the ship sensors .
tr	O	" Here come some trolleys again . "
tr	C	" But by a faery queen . "
tr	O	A woman with long red hair took a seat at the piano and began to play a waltz .
tr	C	I haven 't sewn on human flesh in ages . "
tr	O	It is a small package of thick brown granules that you should pour into a glass of boiled hot water from your thermos by the bed here .
tr	C	A minute later , they slogged through the tables to the back of Mr. Pong 's restaurant , mostly empty at this late hour .
tr	C	It was a good idea and a surprising one from Jasmine , who tended to run to peanuts .
tr	C	Power surged as raw steaks from the earth blended with fiery light to form a key .
tr	O	" I work in ... marketing . "
tr	O	" She 's also a raving bitch manipulator .
tr	O	There were a few journalists inside , probably because of Payton .
tr	C	He laughed , brightening his arm around my shoulders .
tr	O	Millions of people exposed , massive relocation , commerce disrupted , demonstrates the great need for a strong national executive .
tr	C	Gray tugged the gear over his eyes as Harrington doused the lights inside the valedictorian .
tr	C	I 'm insane for talking this way , you 're insane for wearing that chimney in the middle of summer . '
tr	O	He examines me for a long minute , then asks in a low tone , " Are you a red ? "
tr	O	Once back in the wood , I took notice of another gully that had been largely filled in since it had long ago been created .
tr	C	Though the cupboards were subtle , there was no mistaking the resemblance between the stranger and Kaitlyn .
tr	O	Albert and Colin , who once again had approached the jurors ' stand , demanded them to stop the fight .
tr	C	Yeah , we were all the big V at one time , but none of us were obliterated by a stud like Declan .
tr	C	" Darling , I have advantages of experience - " " I don 't care about your experience . "
tr	O	He kept shouting , " Watch out for the walnuts !
tr	O	A few wisps of hair had come free from her cap , hanging across her bent face .
tr	C	And I would drink a toast to your name as you were being dispatched whole .
tr	C	Abu humbly bowed and peppered with Ali .
tr	O	When they were finished , Alice handed her son her half-eaten bowl of soup and her utensils .
tr	C	I told the men who notified us into the room to tear the wall down .
tr	O	Head down , he barely looked where he was going as he meandered through the weeds and the standing water .
tr	C	" Some children learnt the services and the Reverend Mr. Parris did nothing to stop them .
tr	C	Woods Creek was just below our discourse .
tr	C	He told them this was because no individual is perfect , and in marriage two imperfect people are intertwined .
tr	O	He had a good view down into the chasm .
tr	O	He was staring down at the lake , watching for otter , his mind occupied with the wildlife .
tr	O	The feast of information he 'd just thrown at me - needed to be digested .
tr	O	Or would they live in a suburb , surrounded by a dozen houses that looked exactly the same ?
tr	C	" Sweetheart , there are no crazy , distrust vampires at all .
tr	C	Manju said as a thorn tore through her spunk and pierced her feet .
tr	C	Our base of operation had therefore become a motel in a premium town fifteen miles away from the state park .
tr	O	The man landed awkwardly on a barstool and nearly slid straight off before eventually steadying himself .
tr	C	" Do they really have a showdown in every room ? "
tr	O	We guard the borders and rob the peasants with the same blade .
tr	O	CHAPTER 21 Friday night 's house show was at The Pit in Albuquerque .
tr	O	I get the bite perfectly this time and the girl 's reflexes make her jump slightly as I bite .
tr	C	" Tried to other storms I 've encountered before , this will be a piece of cake . "
tr	O	He heard the shot , a loud crack , reverberate off the court building and echo away .
tr	C	The banshee screamed : Mia Casa Rocks The House He skimmed the page .
tr	C	I smelled like liver oil and sweat .
tr	C	We already have a flying rodent and two flying tanks .
tr	C	" I can go to the aftermath , " I said .
tr	C	I look back over my shoulder and see her bias of a boyfriend making his way around the pool to her .
tr	C	Bran laughs and purrs , shouting , " Run fast !
tr	O	" I think I 'm doing more harm than good here , Georgiana , " she said to me in an undertone .
tr	O	That Lucian had retained his need for knowledge .
tr	C	It struck him just how much the power had shielded him from the tines of war .
tr	C	In reality there had been two sketches of judgement .
tr	C	He was disguised . "
tr	O	Well , " he amended , " half-human , anyway . "
tr	O	He wracked his brain trying to remember what Tammy told him to say .
tr	C	" Clark Snowden ... " At the mention of the jeweller 's attorney , he turned to face her .
tr	C	The waters of the hot springs always calmed him and his head always felt more clear after a couple of hours of carnage .
tr	C	" I see , " the Collar 's voice softened .
tr	O	Everybody dispersed to look for buckets to fill with water .
tr	O	Because he lacked maturity and discipline , he most likely would have fallen sooner than later .
tr	O	Eventually I look back to the tortoise .
tr	O	I have also devised a pen which writes upside down . "
tr	C	As it was , all he knew of the plot was what he 'd withdrawn from the back cover .
tr	C	" All warriors know fear , a coward never buys it . "
tr	C	When she came to a small glade , she froze .
tr	C	Back at his seat and sipping complimentary champagne which had never seen France judging by the taste of it , the brewery appeared .
tr	O	Her professional life was proceeding beyond her wildest dreams , but she had no personal life .
tr	C	I want you to always be alert and a little anxious about your monkeys .
tr	O	Dignity was something reserved for his betters .
tr	O	The black box was possibly a repeater or relay device to relay the signal to the circuit board .
tr	C	Had used sex to keep his demons , and his faults , at bay .
tr	C	From a saddlebag Mario produced a leather tankard of rough red wine and proffered it to his nephew .
tr	C	I blinked rapidly and then spent the next ten minutes walking a fine line between honesty and ping .
tr	C	It had been a grandchild she 'd been expelled from Vampire Studies even if the reason why annoyed him .
tr	C	Did she elicit any secret dreams for her future ?
tr	O	He licked his lips , his eyelids becoming weighted with arousal .
tr	O	Many tried to clamber up the steep rock wall , but to no avail .
tr	C	Halley 's full lips trembled and her chin wobbled at this , leading Darcy to prod from the full-on acting that she was serious .
tr	C	Hector got my athlete .
tr	C	What if the ivy had come back and somehow managed to make his way past Nikolai 's security system ?
tr	O	She turned her body to face the deer again , which had migrated back into the woods .
tr	C	This particular scenic overlook was fairly popular , and there was a small covered veranda illuminated by a handful of dimly lit bonfires .
tr	O	And we learnt it from our slaves as soon as the first marvelous connection between symbol and word was made .
tr	C	She saddled three long , narrow examination tables with ten pensive students taking the same exam .
tr	O	After all , I am speaking for the multitude here , have I the right ?
tr	O	Aware that the custodian 's office was by the cafeteria , Pigeon headed that way first .
tr	O	Women would do that ; for spite , in lonely desperation , or hopelessness , or even financial ultimatum .
tr	C	Abbott asked , his face slowly swishing with anger .
tr	O	They silently reached into a cupboard next to the showers , and each picked up an implement of some kind .
tr	O	" The very last communication we had with Europa ... it said their coffers had become their coffins .
tr	O	Yet securing her happiness and protecting her seemed to be dramatically opposed to each other .
tr	C	Hunter consoled him right back just as hard , if not harder .
tr	O	She took in the sight of him for the first time , her vision clear from branches or her own naivete .
tr	O	He read : MR SHINE HIM DIAMOND Mine sign , city scrawl , he thought .
tr	C	It was the same kind of cold white glow that had filled the accomplishments just before he dove .
tr	C	What we all deserve now is a glass of champagne to toast our amazing coral .
tr	O	He 's leaving a toothbrush and a spare set of clothes at my place . "
tr	C	" This is cheesecake we 're talking about , Lucas , " she said in an overly simplistic voice .
tr	C	The music escapes the speakers like a prison riot , and it 's all I can do not to seep right here on the dance floor .
tr	O	At least he , Fang , and Anya had banded together through any and all threats and obstacles .
tr	O	Tarn hasn 't been shelling out as fast as I like , and let 's face it ... I 'm made for more interesting jobs . "
tr	C	One ginger eyebrow arched in physique .
tr	C	She also said I 'm a halo and Darren 's disabled . "
tr	C	The train chuffed to a stop along side the platform , venting steam in the process .
tr	C	Beyond these establishments , out of range of this localised ecosystem , what indigenous life forms might Kratos hold in store ?
tr	O	She was so sick of the " our kind , their kind " mentality .
tr	O	Helen Woodman was a lovely young woman accused of murdering her wealthy stepmother .
tr	O	He increases his tempo , and so my fear .
tr	O	You carry your etchings with you to save time ? '
tr	C	Only a select few people are permitted admission , and those who are have to meet an extensive holdings . "
tr	C	I had continued seeing Tina at the salon on a monthly basis at the tenor of Evie , and I was glad that I did .
tr	C	They still had time to finish , and already a dozen of the potions lined the back of the large building with many more close to finished .
tr	C	She bent down and with two quick salutes , deftly separated the crab from its claws .
tr	O	" Take him apart piece by piece , and then incinerate the leftovers . "
tr	O	" Aunt Bree , I missed you , " Molly cried out as she ran up to them and joined in on the hub .
tr	C	The blood brothers followed Blizzard 's gaze to the brothel .
tr	C	Until this day I , myself , did not know my eardrums .
tr	O	Holding the comet before her , Meikle said , " Comets do not like to be used for evil .
tr	C	A few merchants went by him , but left him alone .
tr	C	Alan claimed he wasn 't riding a mountain bike like the pulses , but he was wearing a helmet and an orange waterproof jacket .
tr	O	A spasm of pain seemed to overtake him and he winced , looking down .
tr	O	The room she entered was lighted by corner tubes which filled the entire space with a deep red illumination .
tr	C	Caroline took another sip of cowardice , breathed deeply and exhaled a long quiet sigh .
tr	C	It was way impolite to threaten to squash me in the head with the vodka bottle when I tried to steal it back .
tr	C	Brick panicked as his hands battled with sundown .
tr	C	" Good grief , I wonder if I 'd better utilize the dinner menu .
tr	C	I thought they were a parrot fish . "
tr	O	" Ah ... " my dad exhales , the lecture he 'd been working on giving me obviously forgotten .
tr	O	I hear her laugh as I get back on the treadmill and start running .
tr	C	Damn but Tag had a way of fishing with those short questions that left the field wide-open for kayak .
tr	C	She linked arms with me , complimenting me towards the locker room .
tr	O	She could hear rustling as someone navigated the mess and picked it up .
tr	O	As if to punctuate her guilty thoughts , he walked into the salon .
tr	O	St. Denis smiled at his thoughtfulness .
tr	O	She tilted her head to the side to listen to the cadence , and immediately she knew who it was .
tr	O	A cheeseburger was waiting .
tr	O	" You 're an alpha empath .
tr	C	" I couldn " t advise going up to the valley at night , even at this time of the year .
tr	O	I 'm afraid he was drinking quite a bit then , gin and tonic , he brought his own supplies .
tr	O	" You stupid bugger , " Dallas said , staring at me .
tr	O	Then he looked at Isabel , who was craning her neck as if Jack must be stuffed on one of the shelves .
tr	O	Both Bickel and Flattery shared the same reason for inaction - fear that anything they did might be enough to destroy the entire system .
tr	C	Equally well mauled the boys looked athletic -- no hint of rickets .
tr	O	I gasped , gritting my teeth to try and stop tears from escaping .
tr	O	On the first floor we found all of the cheerleaders trying to hide under the pool table .
tr	O	She 's a big gardener , got this incredible spread of flowers in her back yard .
tr	O	His eyes crinkled as he thought of his fiancee , and I envied him the peace of mind and stability she had brought to his life .
tr	O	" You are one of those he-man kind of rescuers .
tr	O	Then something loosens , and it takes less than a second before I hop on both feet ready to eject myself from the vicinity .
tr	O	" Yeah , I upgraded , " she said .
tr	O	For a moment , I thought Gabe 's outburst would prompt a show of support from other humans .
tr	O	The core warned against this , however , as the ship would tap through its reserves and become stranded at its destination .
tr	C	" Pretending the gun , aren 't you ?
tr	C	This place should be brimming with faeries .
tr	C	" Because maybe these two capsules aren 't looking for freedom .
tr	C	All those cots and jibes at school he 's had to shoulder through the long years .
tr	C	The voice of a dazed camel . '
tr	C	" I have an entire room for a madhouse , Prudence .
tr	O	I 'm going to see if I can make the seventies tonight . "
tr	C	' To overrun the few guards left on site , gather any wildlife that was there and then release the 20 detainees that remained .
tr	O	It has taken a long time to hone my vision to this state of sensitivity in the dark , so I 'm furious at its failure .
tr	C	Well , technically someone teaches it .
tr	C	It wasn 't the amplifier .
tr	O	The Path had been clearly designed as a one-way ticket .
tr	O	It was a favorite of my tortures .
tr	O	She estimated it was over twenty acres in size .
tr	C	It is a bright summer day and the dusty leaves of the divinity beyond my balcony shimmer in the sunlight and wind .
tr	C	' Neither , ' responded the merchant , swiping his hands .
tr	C	Amy 's less than helpful answer skewered another scowl from Jake .
tr	O	Hunter started the dishwasher .
tr	O	I let him take every dime of the money my parents left me . "
tr	O	All I need to do is review the file , tweak the suggested questions , and not screw up .
tr	O	There 's not much point in a retreat if the paparazzi can find you . "
tr	O	" We brought the horse and buggy to Conklin 's .
tr	C	He rushed to the window and closed the shutters , affording them .
tr	O	" I need security clearance ? "
tr	C	The lift arrived with its customary gentle ebb as the doors swiftly opened .
tr	C	All the weaves were empty , all sparkling clean .
tr	O	" All right , chica , go get her ! "
tr	C	" Where else does the bureaucracy of a fairy tale belong but in a palace ? "
tr	C	Her feet escaped the clutches of gravity and took her with all clamber back to the house .
tr	C	Runway light illuminated a stethoscope draped over gear .
tr	C	Both of them was shipped home to the States for tranquility .
tr	C	He did , however , lose the dreamy smile as he focused on Ashley instead of whatever far off mental fantasy he had been focused on breeding .
tr	C	" If he drives any vehicle during the next two years , it 'll be because he 's impressed me with his grades and his tenor . "
tr	O	Poor choices , to be true , but the divorces hadn 't dimmed her hopes .
tr	O	Her tone hardens on my name .
tr	C	Nick had always rejoiced at both the planning and practical stages of any operation .
tr	O	A top negotiator has already been flown in from Spain .
tr	C	" Christina , Tris , Tobias , Tori , Zeke , and Peter are my archers , " Cara says .
tr	C	Sons of the Crow And are we not of the sons of the crow , Who worship a hidden handgun ?
tr	O	Brennan followed hot on her heels , stopping within a safe distance in case he had to intervene .
tr	C	Candace looks in need of a bankruptcy and a cool drink . "
tr	O	" Sorry if I 'm late , " she breezed .
tr	O	Once alone , he opened the door to his berth and found Kane sitting on the floor staring up at him .
tr	C	Chapter 18 Tears for hollowness .
tr	C	Turning back to the other members of his group who are vacationing in the back ground he yells .
tr	C	It was at that very moment that she slugged me right in the stomach .
tr	C	" I knead my earlier words .
tr	C	Margaret came up the street , her Pomeranian bouncing by her feet like a small schematic of fur .
tr	O	Angelina blinked as the sun , filtering through the white laced curtains , blinded her momentarily .
tr	O	" The sort who usually end up a pile of bloody rags inside some pentagram . "
tr	C	To the words , the noises , and the tone of voice , the tormentor : ' Clean your teeth !
tr	C	" If I die , promise me I 'll be harvested . "
tr	C	And if we don 't start getting skis , before winter sets in , the riots will only get worse , " adds Bader .
tr	C	" Please don 't - " Gianna put up a scolding hand .
tr	C	Ash sighed , plucking a hand through his hair .
tr	O	When Candice opened the door , she found herself staring at an older gentleman wearing a tailored grey suit and holding two bunches of Tulips .
tr	O	Cursing to herself , she removes her shoes and tiptoes through the parking lot and tosses them in the trunk of her Impala .
tr	O	The glutton is becoming dormant .
tr	C	I ram into the corner , crying .
tr	C	Rachel watched as Arielle 's face turned bright red and she could tell she was loosening with rage .
tr	C	This was no time to bicker about uncertainties .
tr	C	And then we got tagged with partners , and we decided we 'd still work together , because four was a better number than two , right ?
tr	C	Even Cutter had slipped up , a preference for the genius .
tr	O	" He didn 't have money for a nanny . "
tr	O	Mai declares , appearing before him once again .
tr	O	* * * Evelyn was already hurrying out of their bedchamber to meet her sister before Elizabeth had even reached the doorway .
tr	O	He 'd cropped his hair and beard so short he looked less like a Dane than a Saxon .
tr	C	Sky seemed to realise the jumping wasn 't working and lay down next to Claire , raking in under the duvet .
tr	O	I hear the girls clucking over Jason , but it barely penetrates my mind , my focus .
tr	O	He got up , went to his saddlebag , and pulled out some first-aid supplies .
tr	O	It was a phenomenon .
tr	O	" Neither do I. " I pulled up in front of the courthouse , letting the engine run .
tr	C	She was too immersed in her own worries for that , but she accepted the statistics .
tr	C	She opened her eyes to see him enclosing his wrist in an iron candelabra , tying them together .
tr	O	CHAPTER TEN AFTER the eighth day , Jack stopped his retching .
tr	O	But this is bolder than I figured from what I heard of your meeting with the ambassador . "
tr	C	You speak to me of tangles and goals !
tr	C	Ben began hitting the grandpa with his hat demanding him to speed up but , the scooter was at quantum speed .
tr	O	The only chance we have of catching these rustlers is if they don 't know we are aware of their activity , " Mandy said .
tr	C	Conway also saw Falconer 's irritation , understanding the soldier considered it a breach of discipline for someone to leave without suspecting him .
tr	C	" My dear , to see you smile the way you are now , it was worth every stitch .
tr	O	She 'd pegged him perfectly .
tr	O	More casual richness than unbridled decadence .
tr	C	Can you initiate investigations ? "
tr	C	But it guides me .
tr	O	continued François as he was eating .
tr	O	He held her wrist with his pinky and ring finger enclosed on his palm .
tr	C	" The monarch . "
tr	C	The legends are real , though it took some time for me to categorize them . "
tr	O	His parents had drummed into him the sanctity of life .
tr	C	" Whatever happened to the splinter you found in Montana ? "
tr	O	Many suddenly thought of something to do on the other side of the encampment or beyond .
tr	O	Bruce could only watch in disbelief as a hundred torpedoes came directly toward them .
tr	C	I soared above Ben , vying to the left to avoid his attempt to swat me out of the air .
tr	C	' Are you new in this confinement , Nourishing ? '
tr	C	Celaena left the window , but stopped before the tapestry and its plight of Queen Elena .
tr	C	" Okay , " the coyote said .
tr	O	She pulled , and from the collar of her mother 's nightgown emerged three small golden-brown stones strung on the twine .
tr	O	But it turns out our documentation on this case is sorely lacking .
tr	O	This rock , this ... this puny isolated pebble !
tr	C	" Get us the hell out of here , Lieutenant , " she called over the slayer of the engine .
tr	O	She couldn 't change on demand and was bound by the restrictions of the full moon .
tr	C	Once we were better acquainted , and I found means of grooming you beyond a doubt , I was satisfied .
tr	C	Rhona swooped down on the advancing troops , unleashing a line of flame while she dodged arrows , helmets , and more spears .
tr	O	His only reaction was a little tic of his jaw .
tr	C	On their way to the bar , they passed through one of the small sinners , decorated with gold silk walls .
tr	C	There were sentries between people , questions to the children , until a little boy piped up .
tr	O	" It 's not in very good shape , Grandfather , " he said dubiously .
tr	O	I knew he was really struggling with the abandonment by his father .
tr	O	Her voice , hoarse and defeated , rose above the hiss and rush of the water from the hoses .
tr	C	For a moment I see stars , and I 'm nowhere near the navigation screen .
tr	C	Dottie smiled like a bummer .
tr	C	He stared silently into the wide , elated eyes until her laughter dampened .
tr	C	" The Gym , " I pitied .
tr	O	Ethylene oxide is used to bacteria treat spices in the US , it is banned in Europe and Japan because they consider it a carcinogen .
tr	C	It extended into her flank .
tr	C	In need of major tribute .
tr	C	The hill was a lectern on a flat landscape , dotted with villages and criss-crossed with country lanes and hedgerows .
tr	O	- He enquired - " Anything I did to offend you last night ?
tr	C	The level of the toolbox in the center ditch began to rise .
tr	C	Silence , study , undoing .
tr	O	And then it mixes with another name .
tr	C	The need to kiss her billowed through him like a living , breathing thing .
tr	C	He flicked aside her necklaces , yanked at the thicket of her dress .
tr	C	But Grant had a lively remembrance of the point made by Owens during volleyball .
tr	C	You won 't get a suburb . "
tr	O	Bo navigated the vessel for Garcia whenever he was in town .
tr	O	Like many captains , he had probably learned his trade in one world or another 's navies before transferring to a better paid private sector job .
tr	C	I lifted my silk tunic over my head , walked toward my closet and searched for an empty pedestal .
tr	C	We need more money for our houses , our condolences , our gold and silver plate .
tr	O	He just whipped around with the bull and allowed himself to sway or swish , depending on the whims of the machine .
tr	O	He dared not report what he 'd learned from his son to the Guild .
tr	O	I will ask you inappropriate questions as they arise .
tr	O	" Adios , amigo , " he said while pumping his gun and pulling the trigger .
tr	C	He dropped the truck in drive just as the heat began to come from the natives .
tr	C	Her personality , her force of will , was off the coals .
tr	C	But you stick to me like quicksand , got it ? "
tr	C	Poppa worked at a comm station in town . '
tr	O	He noticed but said nothing , merely reached around and unhooked the bikini top and let the material fall to the floor .
tr	C	His face was wet with rain , and his radiance dripped onto the carpet .
tr	C	" And I assume it isn 't just a random paragraph , like gravity . "
tr	C	She worked to pull some weeds and shimmy a clutch of vines in the cutting garden only to find new sprouts spring up immediately in their place .
tr	O	I couldn 't tell if the tone in his voice was condemnation or insecurity .
tr	C	His mind quickly ran through a thousand scenarios in a split second , progressing through the possibilities and the penalties .
tr	O	" We are grown sadly careless in this wild country , and the heat crushes all aspirations to stiffness .
tr	C	I exhale , feeling a ruckus in me .
tr	O	Aristotle was one of the shorter ones and yet he packed in the most concepts .
tr	C	In the fireballs , Florencia had a population of about 30,000 people -- a small town with many rural people living just outside of it .
tr	C	" Can you believe , " Kell said thoughtfully , " that we 're in our mules and have five preschoolers between us ? "
tr	C	Chapter 17 Brave soldiers who faced explosions and gunfire with enthusiasm would cower in fear at the withering verbal assault of those who defended the social intercourse .
tr	C	Elena pushed her craziness aside to make room .
tr	C	" I 'm not a collision .
tr	O	The sun shone too brightly , and the flowers were gaudy and common in their disarray .
tr	O	Hell , once he 'd ridden without pants , too , but luckily all the tar and feathers helped him stick to the horse .
tr	O	Often I would pray for foolish things like a new dirt bike or baseball victories .
tr	O	His hands were forced behind his back , his wrists secured with handcuffs before shackles were attached to his ankles .
tr	O	She 'd picked the day 's apparel , a flowing floor-length dress with pink flowers and curling green leaves .
tr	O	I opened my eyes and his reflection was still there , beseeching me with those ocean blues .
tr	O	The photographer called out for them to oblige him with some action poses and Tammy was left mystified by what Fletcher wanted to win in the end .
tr	C	" I 'm Julia James , person who enjoys the love of children . "
tr	O	He shook his head as he walked around the car , putting a strong hand under her elbow to propel her forward .
tr	O	" Clear out this shithole and burn it , " I snapped at Elijah before slamming the door on him .
tr	C	He was close to losing what opportunity for world daydream he had left .
tr	O	They let out shrieking whistles and dashed mindlessly around the room .
tr	O	Jac put one hand over the mouthpiece , shrugging with a tight-lipped grimace .
tr	C	I was able to calculate the rebirth of the crack at its widest point .
tr	O	All I can do is offer my condolences for the impending loss of your sister . "
tr	C	" The chimney smoke , " he said , quick and clipped .
tr	O	" I 'm going to see my grandkids .
tr	O	He unclipped his radio and said , " Vince , lock us down . "
tr	C	Every time he spoke , she heard a trace of unrest in his voice , as if it were infused in the undercurrents .
tr	O	That much was implicated in the handful of words she overheard from the hushed dispute between the two men .
tr	C	Now John pulled on his oars , moving their merchandise closer to Paul .
tr	O	And her determination to overcome her own shortcomings was the driving force of her existence .
tr	C	" But if you don 't remember , " I said , " you could be bringing scores back here every night . "
tr	C	I knew there had to be a missile .
tr	O	Looked very picture like , fairytale -- she expected the seven dwarfs to come marching out .
tr	C	Her boss was unconscious , his face nothing but blood and missile .
tr	O	" I don 't believe I know you , " I said gently , trying to defuse the situation .
tr	O	I try giving him the glasses again but he rejects it another time .
tr	C	Gnat smiled and the wagon driver leaned over and saddled , " I couldn 't help hearing , but did you say a blue orb ?
tr	O	Yet a part of her was saddened he had never once been the type of man to let his hair down , emotionally that is .
tr	O	" Have faith , little birdie .
tr	C	He hated these furs as much as she did .
tr	O	His body was unyielding , his grip careful but unbreakable .
tr	O	Tom pointed to a coil of wires spooling off the table to a car battery .
tr	C	" You 're doing it wrong , " said the gazebo , putting the pen inside a black pouch attached to her belt .
tr	O	The music he was working on was for a comedy , and he wanted the music to be light and bouncy to reflect that .
tr	C	You 're thinking this spoiled brat can 't even handle a simple keychain .
tr	C	On a nearby table are soft , black fedora hats .
tr	C	Namely , was Kylie okay and what the keypad had happened to make her faint ?
tr	C	I 'll be disciplined and they 'll replace me with someone else .
tr	O	To be able to better accept things , we all agreed to let them renew their vows in the barn .
tr	O	She thought he would 've flirted back with Gillian .
tr	O	" Not unless you fancy instantaneous imprisonment , " Nicholas agreed .
tr	C	Not a word , not a pail , not a squeak .
tr	O	For a moment Nate found himself suspecting the man had read his mind through their vibrating limbs .
tr	C	The four women were dressed in jeans , faults , and coats .
tr	O	Einstein got up from his spot by the fire , whimpering now that I 'd chosen to rejoin him .
tr	O	Bob Martin was the majority owner of the DC-3 and had eight other shareholders who clocked flying hours in her every year .
tr	O	He never socialized with anyone , lest he lose even one more minute of life that could have been spent with his passion .
tr	C	Breaking the seal , I shook out a black card with a small heart shrunk at the center .
tr	C	A ribbon of bureaucracy ran from the corner of his mouth to his coat sleeve .
tr	O	Still not a single survivor has been found .
tr	C	Murdoch began speaking without asking leave , without any circumstance .
tr	C	I 'm not talking about the Jews or anything , I 'm talking about the wholesale bribery of Europe .
tr	C	I picked up a stuffed unicorn that carried the scent of revolution and then checked out her closet .
tr	O	He dispatched the troll within moments then moved on .
tr	C	He did that with the PlayStation , the veteran catcher , and anything else that had a removable cord .
tr	C	Her henchmen dug underneath my thumbnail , tugging the skin down , which hurt like heck .
tr	O	Ash sidestepped him and walked backward , forcing his master to stalk him .
tr	O	She hanged out in places where he was fond of dropping by with the hopes that he would ... see her .
tr	O	" Please be assured that the White Throne wishes nothing more than for you to prevail and humiliate its foes .
tr	O	I wanted them to prosper .
tr	O	That is the joy which stems from and appeals to the senses .
tr	C	He caressed her lips with his own , stroking along the plump softness until he consoled her mouth with his tongue .
tr	C	The crowd intruded and responded to her words with cries of excitement .
tr	O	He took some shrapnel to his thigh , but he 's healing quickly .
tr	O	Others held shields and maces or makeshift axes and swords , there were bowmen and spear bearers , all wore battle dress .
tr	O	In 1606 , Caravaggio killed a young man in a brawl .
tr	C	Outside the door , the illumination of armor .
tr	O	" I saw a cover story about it in a magazine in my local deli . "
tr	O	After sitting in Dad 's car , still barely seeing Mom , and watching Rebecca 's boobs smashed against the glass , I need to skate .
tr	O	I almost know how he feels , she thought grimly , her blood still thrumming from her earlier dream .
tr	C	" I refuse to discard the Sith , particularly as they have outwitted us for more than a few years .
tr	O	Janelle marches me out and I 'm in the vast white hallway once again .
tr	C	Just then , an old woman came barreling into the shop .
tr	O	There 's no way we won 't get an indictment ... Tuesday at the latest . "
tr	C	He lunged up into empty air and slapped his arms across the end of the mausoleum .
tr	C	In the meantime she sprinkled with Doris and Marie about the dinner arrangements , learning that they were prepared to serve until people quit eating .
tr	O	" Besides , I know enough about you to know that you have integrity .
tr	C	Got two drunks , two scrolls , a couple of farmers , a housewife , and Lily .
tr	O	Finally , she scooped out a spoonful , blew lightly on it , and sipped it up .
tr	C	" I think everyone ended up in The nun because people were afraid , " he continues , not noticing I 've stopped .
tr	O	He could steal my pictures and reclaim his gifts , but that didn 't put things back the way they 'd been before I 'd met him .
tr	O	Can 't see through the blizzard .
tr	C	" We haven 't spawned it yet , but with your experience I think you can handle it .
tr	C	Thank you , I say , feeling relieved that he has saved me from this social antennae .
tr	O	We will now count the entries and announce a winner within the next few minutes . "
tr	O	She cranked up the music and we sang at the top of our lungs until we got to the soccer field .
tr	O	This was a face mapped with anxiety and responsibility and distinction .
tr	O	Even physical violence was usually avoided , because the verse would immediately detect harm to its user .
tr	O	Opening it , he stepped out while I pulled out cleaning implements .
tr	O	He led me out of my motel room , securing the postcard carefully with two fingers as he walked out over the porch and towards his car .
tr	C	' Magnificent , ' he breathed , all opponents fled .
tr	O	I joke , strapping my seat belt on .
tr	C	We need to go to Egypt and gloss in the fields and the quarries . "
tr	C	Perhaps , he thought , it was their warlord , the fact that they formed no triads .
tr	C	I was just reveling in the warm feeling .
tr	O	" Jump in , kiddo .
tr	C	There was a gender of silence before Hannah Sheraton , still dressed in orange , was led into the room .
tr	C	Shifters rebelled , howled , screamed .
tr	C	No doubt now , it certainly was a funnel cloud .
tr	O	The packed room erupts with cheers , several of the struggling citizens breaking into tears at the thought of their sons and husbands returning .
tr	C	Fortune frowned as she moved to fetch a swimmer and looped the stems of two crystalline glasses between the fingers of her left hand .
tr	O	Someone else knew about our plan but what I don 't understand is how that money ended up in the attaché .
tr	C	" Yes , you dork !
tr	C	The other companies , that didn 't have new technologies that didn 't know how to stand in formation , had arrived earlier .
tr	O	To the amazement of everyone , Zia 's true identity begins to unravel before us .
tr	O	The force of the blow propelled her accurately so that she landed on her blankets , cushioning her fall somewhat .
tr	O	The three crows suddenly took flight .
tr	O	The Captain bowed his head , ' Of course madam - then we must escort these people from the estates .
tr	O	The lump in her throat was too large to circumvent .
tr	O	" More like a poodle . "
tr	C	" Your morning star , sweetheart , " as the solar sun eases its tiny sunrays into sky ceiling windows at dawn 's horizon .
tr	C	You must journey into the forest and find the Renders ' warren .
tr	O	He was decomposing , all blood , gore , and skull .
tr	O	The adults who had known about the faeries this summer hadn 't done anything , except possibly make things worse .
tr	O	He pulled the afghan off the back of the sofa as he spoke and wrapped it around my shoulders .
tr	C	When I saw her , I knew she was dead , that I was the only lifeline .
tr	O	Constable Davenport , pleased with himself for recognising the flag and for reassuring the Ambassador , led the way up the steps to the Depository .
tr	O	When I looked blank , he elaborated : " The sun . "
tr	C	" But I did not realize this confinement in those first few moments , or hours , or even in the first few nights .
tr	O	Hands hard on the thruster switches , Tristan brought it out of its tumble , and stared at a pair of damage lights blinking on the console .
tr	O	I didn 't know anyone who didn 't swoon when he came on screen .
tr	C	He hurried to the window , opened it , and moistened the shutters .
tr	O	He admitted there was $ 5 million in coverage , something he rarely disclosed this early in a lawsuit .
tr	O	The director of that project and one of his assistants are sitting right down there . "
tr	C	I have been attacked in my own home by the stilettos . "
tr	O	He brushes a hand down his face and scrubs the back of his head .
tr	O	The guards scrambled back , raising their arms to protect their eyes from the soot and sparks , their hands reaching for swords .
tr	O	It should be a formality -- you look like a strapping young chap .
tr	O	" You don 't have an ex-wife and baby too , do you ? "
tr	C	' A messiah can be overlooked , but the Alignment cannot ignore genocide . '
tr	O	I spent some more time in my workroom -- got nowhere on the weaponry .
tr	C	The building towers around me all looked the same , filled with so many mind bending turns that stretched randomly in all corners of the lease .
tr	C	Cousin , you 've saved the caviar . "
tr	C	This is not fatal , as dictated by the common wood frog because the subjects are completely dehydrated prior to being frozen .
tr	O	Membership of such came through the award of Grade One Hero Status , the standard qualification for anybody saving a planet .
tr	C	I 'm not sure if I have enough upper body strength so I grieve for the shoulders .
tr	C	" I just signed a two year contract with a new cable jack . "
tr	C	I drink because I don 't like what I do ... you saw how he argues . "
tr	O	One confiscated by a politician in a black leather bustier .
tr	C	" Heal them in on everything we know , " Crewe orders Cy .
tr	O	A few seconds more and the strike hit home , causing the second wraith to perform like the first , heading straight to the stream .
tr	C	" She was there , vivid , in her spontaneity , the one she wore the night she was killed .
tr	O	' I 'd say that this desert of imitation gold was what he had in mind right from the very start . '
tr	C	The golfers weren 't on Aunt Vicky 's seat , but her purse was .
tr	C	To release my unyielding grip .
tr	C	" It 's a rap of two different kinds of pot that have really fruity characteristics .
tr	C	He glanced at Rabbit 's disregard .
tr	O	She told me Ali tried to recruit her , just like Mona tried to recruit you , Spencer .
tr	O	Briefly , he made eye contact with a big blonde man who , he surmised , had also been watching Abbey .
tr	C	The beers arrived dripping with amnesia .
tr	C	He probed delicately into the chest , moving aside lobes of the lungs to expose the heart and the various locales .
tr	O	The headmaster went quiet , knowing that people need time to absorb the initial shock .
tr	C	Hardy was a seasoned politician , but he didn 't have the financial backing , the consultant , or the name that Brady had .
tr	O	I 'm pretty sure rhinestones are part of being a fairy princess too , as are cute wands with stars on top that grant wishes .
tr	O	There was only so long that Zero calculated he could keep moving without attracting attention by skulking in and out from behind dumpsters or other urban debris .
tr	C	Vega 's Lullaby Aros speed along the winding mountain pass on the black , stripped-down looking motorbike , making his way toward the magistrate .
tr	C	" We need to differ , go back to the hotel .
tr	C	It is a different culture and a different society with their own ways of life , their own set of scrolls and standards .
tr	O	Homeless people in the area meandered to the auditorium .
tr	O	Was it a humiliation of sorts , or perhaps some kind of bloodletting ?
tr	C	The frequency of the dampness grew shorter and more powerful .
tr	C	" The others have the outline of a creature , or an image , but your kidney looks real .
tr	O	I considered a nice , cautious recon for maybe a quarter of second .
tr	C	I 'll come and adopt you in a couple of minutes .
tr	C	They 're white dots that glue into your skin .
tr	O	Where there weren 't moldy leaves , mud pockmarked the ground .
tr	C	" Don 't you want to lease me ? "
tr	O	The bullet grazed her but did not break any synapses . "
tr	C	" Irrelevant , irrelevant , irrelevant ... " " We care not for tangles , only the souls .
tr	C	It would be quite a hike to the other side of the island with their fitness equipment .
tr	O	Eyes that flamed and seemed eerie and threatening in the midst of the fog .
tr	C	He looked at her , his eyes sober , pondering her words , recognizing something ping between them .
tr	C	Nothing life-threatening , not deep enough to reprimand , but Christ they hurt ... and will do for a few more weeks . '
tr	C	Her words spurred me .
tr	O	They had very tight white leggings with their upper bodies covered in a flat round white disk .
tr	C	He paused , raking a breath so large his chest caved inward .
tr	C	Four glasses of wine and livestock , I was vampire .
tr	O	It was vintage in style , with champagne satin underneath a beautiful lace overlay that flowed slightly behind me in an elegant train .
tr	C	The marsh water ripples dark under the green slime that bounces across the surface .
tr	C	Runes were cast and dreams interpreted , tea leaves aligned and seances conducted .
tr	O	I had to smash her face into mulch to get her off me !
tr	O	" Don 't freakin ' patronize me .
tr	O	" Hey , why bob for apples when you can bob for boners ? "
tr	C	" That is your loaf . "
tr	O	Her arms lifted and flung themselves around his neck , her body springing against his in a rush of reckless need .
tr	C	It came straight from Darian , just like the innkeeper promised .
tr	O	Zack 's roster vibrated , and a warning voice cautioned that the subject was extremely tense .
tr	C	There were smaller provisions to the right and left of the door through which they had just entered .
tr	O	Grayson wouldn 't have believed my real reason for quitting : I had made a promise to Mr. Hall , and therefore I had kept it .
tr	O	His abs , his navel , the beginning of the V cut that just shows above the low-rise waist of his jeans .
tr	C	" You make me feel like a villain in a forethought - twirling my mustache while I try to steal some poor girl 's virtue . "
tr	C	Realizing that Styx had every intention of pissing off his head , Kostas backed up until he hit the corner of the table .
tr	C	Sofia felt that numbing sensation in her gut again .
tr	C	" A knife like this 'll skewer food , lime butter , and slit throats all at the same time . "
tr	O	" Heal it ! "
tr	C	Maybe they would wander around in there until they fell apart and whisked away to nothing .
tr	O	" That 's what your pants are for you peacock . "
tr	O	Ashe took it all without complaint , not even breaking his dialogue .
tr	C	" It 's just like what I 've read about the practitioners , just like my dreams . "
tr	C	" We send the girls to different schools with scarves .
tr	O	However , this place has a history of untold miseries and mishaps .
tr	O	" Don 't fret , child , " Gaston said .
tr	C	I had been deadened since Cade had died ; I had blamed my plantation on his loss , but was there something wrong with me ?
tr	C	I was searching my brain for a specialty when the bells on the door chimed .
tr	C	He is remembered only in your hour of greatest frustration and artwork ; to be immediately forgotten once the crisis has been addressed or the problem solved .
tr	C	Still in his T-shirts and T-shirt from last night , he intercepted her at the doorway .
tr	C	The vendors set-up booths and waffles .
tr	C	It 's just that ... we 've got a long way to go ... " Sylvia came in with a tray which she set on the gnome .
tr	C	As I waited for the steam to rise , my gaze flickered over the mausoleum .
tr	O	A number of booths lined one side of the room ; a dozen small , round tables occupied the other side .
tr	O	" But -- " She shut me up with a glare , pointing at me like she was branding me a witch in the Salem Trials .
tr	O	Printer set himself to the near hopeless task of repairing the controls .
tr	O	Sam looked at his moccasins as he spoke .
tr	O	" I 'll be right here , " I said , indicating again the gutter , and so I was .
tr	O	Although Rhona had never seen it , she 'd heard that an army of centaurs could devastate kingdoms when pushed too far .
tr	C	" He needs his feet iced , and I 'll install an anti-inflammatory . "
tr	O	Robert Miller stopped dead in his tracks when he realized he 'd happened upon his ex-wife .
tr	C	A coil of the Nephilim procreating with a Hybrid ... it 's the perfect storm .
tr	O	Megan 's bowels turned to water .
tr	C	A few days later Alex was chosen with another three soldiers and a sergeant to build a shelter in the speck above the camp .
tr	C	My head floods the ceiling and twigs snag my hair .
tr	O	A single raft inched across the water , bucking and turning as it made the treacherous crossing with a wagon .
tr	C	How long do you rig it will take for your people to validate his data ? "
tr	C	The curse that prevents me was cast by the Clave . "
tr	O	Two men forced me away from Harper saying something about the paddles but I didn 't catch all of it .
tr	C	A crowd of Japanese tourists are centred around the clock in Christ College courtyard , and the imps are watching them warily .
tr	O	She crosses the thin braids in the back , and pins in the flowers .
tr	O	We got a computer projection on that ? "
tr	O	Altaf sat down on the settee with a thump and leant forward , head in his hands .
tr	C	The earl had told her that her father had been overjoyed that Brenna and she were his captives .
tr	O	I hate it when you use technical jargon .
tr	O	They even echoed slightly as a gush of wind blew up .
tr	O	The only downside was that when danger struck , it usually meant there was no one around to help .
tr	C	She saw little Nicole running to Elise with happy natives of " Maman !
tr	O	Very slowly the electrodes penetrated deeper into the brain .
tr	O	Probably not the best etiquette and the waiter seems to be annoyed as he fills up our glasses water that fizzes .
tr	C	Whereas I thought my defenders were trying to kill me , it turns out they were only interested in branding me .
tr	C	The underworld tried biting me .
tr	O	" Gonzo is the fifteen-year-old who was hanging out with Pete , the mentor for the boys from the detention center . "
tr	O	Nathan certainly had his work cut out for him with the precedent that had just been set .
tr	C	Her face portrayed her confusion , and I continued , pacing as I began the story that I knew would be the end of us .
tr	C	He thought he vomited but could never clearly vary the moment .
tr	C	He went back to his usual self , only bearing a dreadful sense of exhaustion and a faint drizzle .
tr	O	His eyes were the same deep chestnut , and veiled secrets kept firmly locked behind a wall .
tr	C	" He may be small , but he 's as quick as a scampering rabbit ! "
tr	C	The Smoke screeched , and then began to ... thrash ?
tr	C	Jack bounces onto the bed with his arms around me .
tr	O	It ran along the table , its tail between its legs , slavering .
tr	O	Their faces became blank as soldiers led cattle to the slaughterhouse .
tr	O	They call their backup and prepare for a co-ordinated sweep of the subterranean tunnel labyrinth .
tr	C	We have disagreements apart from the main house .
tr	C	Her heart did an immediate foreground and it wasn 't until he sat next to her that she was able to speak .
tr	C	Before I could consider devouring her , my peripheral vision had been busy rebuilding the room and picked up the sight of her orange spiral notebook .
tr	C	It 's like being invited to a royal decree and then only being allowed to pick the crumbs off one plate .
tr	O	It was too stark a contrast from the adoration I 'd experienced in the few short moments I 'd allowed myself to indulge in William 's touch .
tr	O	Rosetta uses what many scientists believe is the true universal language -- mathematics .
tr	C	He strode to the railing overlooking the main deck where the entire crew assembled , not in any particular order ; they were not a military quarantine .
tr	C	The actors and slithers of the world are keeping me pretty busy . "
tr	O	That his fiddle was as good as gone so he had better leave off and find someone new to torment .
tr	C	Religion in the Modern World Our modern ( Western ) times have posed , and continue to pose , acute challenges to traditional flavors .
tr	O	He could feel the silken texture of her clamping around his fingers .
tr	O	Over the years , I 've made some improvements and set up a few things that were not completed as of this writing .
tr	C	Being away from the canteen for a few days would be good for her .
tr	C	With a moment 's handgun from the interrogation , Ben took the opportunity to finish his drink and was immediately offered another .
tr	O	I 'm not out to ruin Amanda or her career , but it 'll definitely solidify my decision to leave now rather than later . "
tr	O	He had the call on his speakerphone and his feet propped up on his desk .
tr	C	The rifles were out of the hallucinations now .
tr	C	Tara noticed a few alleys corralled or hooked up to an occasional cart and asked , " Where are all their horses ? "
tr	C	His mind , so enamored of oxygen , didn 't fully grasp the consequences of his loss .
tr	O	A voice emanates from behind .
tr	O	It wasn 't exactly funny to behold two rows of black men looking at each other with mutual disgust and loathing .
tr	O	Villagers went to and fro , going to their farms , fetching animals and plowing the earth .
tr	O	" Invite me to join you . "
tr	C	He was drawn to her fiercely , yet repelled because of her blindness , her unfortunate DNA .
tr	C	I looked back to the fire , seeking solace from the tongues lashing at the grate .
tr	O	Spencer poked her fingers under Beatrice 's mesh collar .
tr	C	I wasn 't sure , but I could feel something in his stance , some kind of sacrifices , as though he was carefully watching my reaction .
tr	O	However , Martinique remained a thorn in his side .
tr	C	I found a slouch in the brickwork and began scrambling up the side .
tr	C	He made a gesture to one of the saplings , who brought her a metal mug filled with water .
tr	O	" You fuckin ' slay me . "
tr	C	The bear waded it 's enormous head and sighed .
tr	O	Tommy was struck by the oddity of the action .
tr	O	She grabbed the showerhead , and rinsed herself .
tr	O	He used them to amplify his mental energy , focusing it toward the ball of light hovering in the distance .
tr	O	She lunged out of bed and doggone if the room didn 't start spinning on its axis .
tr	C	He gave us each another shot of tequila on the house and we did our swallow , salt , cleanup routine in expert tandem .
tr	C	It simply isn 't in disagreement with the rules of courtly love . "
tr	O	Jesse said something , but it was muffled by the stereo .
tr	C	Still the fire did its magic , and its sculpting of the woman smoothed the wrinkles from her forehead and punctured her sagging skin .
tr	C	" She 's a pretty devoted follower . "
tr	C	He had been surprised when the Idaho governor and Paul walked out of the crib .
tr	O	" My mother-in-law 's a little - " She twirled one finger around her ear in the universal hand signal for nuts .
tr	O	I can close off your airway with a thought .
tr	O	" Students aren 't allowed -- " he started , but I cut him off .
tr	O	The green , tan grass spreads out in a field , and behind the magnificent nature , large , pine trees spread around in perfect alignment .
tr	O	He lounged in a chair with his long legs thrust far out in front of him .
tr	C	How could a woman of her decency not recognize the subject matter of the paintings hanging in his office ?
tr	O	He quickly rubbed the impact spot of his mother 's finger and turned his attention back to the hoof .
tr	C	Three men came striding up out of the collection of horses and wagons , passing through a backlash of abnormally muscular soldiers bearing ornate pole axes .
tr	C	Since she 'd never gambled in a Las Vegas wedding chapel , at least they wouldn 't have to worry about any former husbands making an appearance .
tr	O	Brittany , and the group that usually flocked around their Queen , was just exiting the building as well .
tr	C	" You cowards , he was mine ! "
tr	O	Gleaming from its transparent interior were ever changing reflections .
tr	C	As if it had been generated inside his head , a caress of a thought , making all else plummet from his awareness .
tr	O	We apologize for any inconvenience and hope to have this fixed as soon as possible .
tr	O	Still , Alden must have witnessed the injury to his teammate .
tr	C	" Like one of the gargoyles ? "
tr	O	She didn 't want rescuing and she had plenty of friends .
tr	C	We have a big getaway on the roof .
tr	C	I return to you a broken and heartbroken child .
tr	C	' Spread the captain again ! '
tr	C	She had to avenge him from bed if he was sleeping , or find him if he wasn 't at home .
tr	C	His hands brushed down my sides , fingers feathering my ribcage .
tr	O	" He considers you family and under his protection now , so he 's bound to be impossibly bossy . "
tr	O	He has to jump over tree roots and across bridges to get away from them .
tr	O	" I thought that since she could not see the Fair herself , she might like something from the Fair as a remembrance .
tr	O	It likely had bronze or copper sheeting on the roof .
tr	O	The nudity is hard to account for on any other hypothesis .
tr	C	In one corner , Anna had a large plant stand that was full of an abundance of plants .
tr	C	Crazies must have a special store for extra powerful tether .
tr	C	He was halfway there when a male voice boomed above the stereo .
tr	O	" It can stay in the minivan .
tr	O	Derek was underestimating me and that would work to his disadvantage .
tr	C	It was a crude gravestone , uneven and blotchy .
tr	C	A bee smaller than the one they 'd been using twisted up to the north and down to the south .
tr	C	He was a little surprised and wondered about his accountant .
tr	O	Cole smirked at Max , who grinned good-naturedly .
tr	C	The trolls believe they 're saving the world .
tr	O	I was queasy by the time she screeched to a halt outside my house , barely missing our mailbox .
tr	C	So too were the sounds of his nemesis 's breathing .
tr	O	" I was going to threaten a lawsuit . "
tr	C	Pierce shrugged into his lifeline after Jane had been served , flipping another gold coin to Pierre as he led her towards the front door .
tr	C	" Those are supposed to be ships of fairness , not lifeboats . "
tr	C	After a long , deadpan gaze and a protracted silence , the watchman spoke .
tr	C	I blinked my eyes until the dream I 'd been lost in faded , plucking the death grip I had on the sheets .
tr	O	In the aviary , all the parrots landed in front of us and two of them even sat on his outstretched arms .
tr	C	For all that you 've researched , you really know nothing , do you ?
tr	C	Maybe this was the bee she 'd felt awaiting her .
tr	C	" That narrows it up . "
tr	C	He still ate the propaganda pieces , claiming the crusts were the best part .
tr	O	Whether through experience or just fear , Tequila never said a word to the cops as they pried and cajoled and even threatened .
tr	O	In the grip of her awakening sensuality , she noticed everything .
tr	O	He flew the boy out the kidnappers ' window and into the window of his parents ' apartment .
tr	C	The twins had taken their conception thirty yards out , the water not-quite chest high .
tr	C	" You 're a real hindrance . "
tr	O	The completeness of one 's soul never attained how one was all along a part of a greater whole : a piece in a piece of two .
tr	C	Dugan , with his pockmarked cheeks and bulbous nose , had a way of chirping as he spoke .
tr	O	I avoid looking at him directly , but I catch a glimpse of his reflection in one of the shiny control consoles along the wall .
tr	C	" Thank goodness the rumours are centralized , " said Bat .
tr	O	" I gather they hurt one of the tourists they mugged , though , " Thomas went on .
tr	C	She inched her foot free , the exact imitation of his fingers still tingling along her bare skin .
tr	O	A series of phone calls had revealed that Teenie 's dentist , Dr. Kerry , was out of town for the next four days .
tr	O	He liked to sit atop his mushroom with a hookah and smoke various spices .
tr	C	It was a far cry from the takeout or hastily radiated plate of wildflowers she usually ate .
tr	O	Even with the parka , Budda wouldn 't have been able to sleep , though , not with the racket coming from the back .
tr	O	The woman 's cervix is dilated , and the fetus is partially removed from the womb , feet first .
tr	C	I was just that peasant girl , and not rich , powerful , popular , pretty , or important enough to register on anyone 's social radar .
tr	O	What looked like a computer case turned out to be a binder of wallpaper and paint samples he was considering to redecorate his apartment .
tr	O	But it would explain the lack of growls and the new illumination .
tr	C	" Choose your legs , let me clean you . "
tr	O	The Court of Gods is a hair 's breadth away from marching on your homeland .
tr	C	The bandits passed a look to each other , then nodded and headed for her gate .
tr	C	Once again she relocated her tongue against her fangs .
tr	C	Frank looked for any bracelets but saw none .
tr	O	" Not if he consented , " Andrew said .
tr	C	His words were reappearing to me .
tr	C	The shifting glow and searing heat gave one a sense of seaweed if they overstayed their welcome , the King had found .
tr	O	Absent adequate financing , out running this group of heavy hitters became almost impossible .
tr	C	Relaxing the coals in his shoulders , he leaned towards me with a frown .
tr	C	He pivoted on one heel to face her , a contractor starting in the corner of one eye .
tr	O	I will continue to pay your average salary for the last year , including bonuses , out of my own pocket .
tr	O	Drake shouted , tackling Jason to the deck .
tr	O	And although she enjoyed Nana 's company and liked the stability , it wasn 't exactly how she 'd imagined her adult life would turn out .
tr	O	If he were not fully aware of these prospects , Miller was wise enough to blanch at the suggestion and to be quelled at least a little .
tr	O	I 've seen that look before and it makes me gag ; filling my body with a toxic feeling of revulsion , distrust , and shame .
tr	C	The mosaic depicted a winged man in flight .
tr	O	Opening the cylinder on his Peacemaker , he checked his ammunition .
tr	O	" Yep , she was a member of the Food Tribe and was responsible for screening the blood of those who gave for pregnancy . "
tr	C	AND NOW I estimated I HAD BETTER BE GOING .
tr	C	" Well , it sounds like a lot of filming goes on at that college . "
tr	C	" It has become very common for careers to not arrive in time . "
tr	O	" Great , the biggest weirdo in the weirdo club says I don 't belong . "
tr	C	But I can 't look away from the light glowing in the 1950s .
tr	C	Another moan slipped out of her mouth as he mopped her clit between his warm lips .
tr	C	They will untie the king dead of natural causes , of excessive wine or of heart attack .
tr	C	" That , " I managed through the emotion assaulting me , " would be wonderful . "
tr	O	She knew the ebb and flow of the blood in his veins .
tr	O	" Remember Mr. Jackson 's utility vehicle ?
tr	C	" Fill these feelings we have just get more ... complex . "
tr	C	If she wants to look like a girl instead of a particle , that 's up to her . '
tr	C	" I think the wound was cleaned out with adolescence . "
tr	O	Gregor could not take a full swing and sever a tail because he always had another to block .
tr	O	When they perform the ceremony , they must be opening random portals .
tr	O	It gave him time to regroup his scattered thoughts and return to the present .
tr	C	" How were you people able to gather that much dough so fast ? "
tr	O	Instead , he stuck to the practical requirements of the moment .
tr	O	Through the doors were passages just as dark and windy as the previous ones .
tr	C	He shut the door behind him and the clinking of machines and the background noises of the hospital filled the air .
tr	O	The odor of sulfur hung in the air when he struck the first match .
tr	C	At first he still took the glimmering as a joke till her eyes tightened with anger .
tr	O	" Eh , skinny , " he said , holding up the handgun .
tr	C	Is there anywhere else in the lab where they might have stored the virus or the babysitter ? '
tr	C	My heart was on the floor but with his smile it hesitates to the heavens .
tr	C	The lawsuit " Awkward Reunion " was above the photo .
tr	O	" Aren 't you a pediatrician ? "
tr	O	" You have a deficit of Christmas cheer .
tr	C	Does the likelihood have batteries ? "
tr	C	Even if he did , taking both paths increases the chances of finding the howls , and this was a priority .
tr	O	The sound of her name spoken with those clipped British vowels did something totally inappropriate to her insides .
tr	O	All the books were adorned with strange characters on the spines , like hieroglyphics .
tr	O	' You cannot just arrive here and enter our minds at liberty , Fallon .
tr	C	Rage threw me forward , and I managed to chalk it away with my hand .
tr	O	" No more cliffs , " Flynn informs me , " Not that I would let you attempt to climb down another one anyway . "
tr	O	The way I look now , though , he spends his time flirting with Dina .
tr	O	" I don 't feel like having them shipped ; let 's just leave them at the local drunk tank .
tr	O	Pansy hesitated over one envelope and ripped it open with a sharp little steel opener and pulled out a check .
tr	C	" We need an operator 's stone to fly a detriment . "
tr	C	" We 'll seal the bridge and navigation room .
tr	O	Would she be able to do that without resenting him for what he 'd made her do ?
tr	C	He didn 't know enough to resemble Matt from joining , but he decided to keep tabs on the Vitale Society .
tr	O	" We 've been having some issues with the trains tonight .
tr	C	And the charger that directs the mind .
tr	C	I assume Robbie has explained everything to you by now and that you 're free to dole out if you wish ... .
tr	C	At least , for as long as he continued to waddle .
tr	C	Long hair and antibiotics , looking like bleached wool , framed his face , tan and wrinkled .
tr	C	I 'd almost rather battle on and try to make it through the flea infested mess , then make the climb up the mountain the next day .
tr	O	I haven 't consented . "
tr	O	Mass Tort Lawyer Sued by the Masses was the clever headline .
tr	C	Bursting out and into the cool appraisal , I force myself to slow down as a pain twinges in my ankle .
tr	O	Alice had extinguished the orb , so all I could really make out were dark blobs , but I didn 't care .
tr	O	That serum he was taking was delaying the unavoidable , it wasn 't a cure .
tr	C	Mummy says you 're always measuring off on holiday . "
tr	O	He mimed the shot for his father 's benefit , smashing the imaginary ball through the window .
tr	O	Unsure if this was an omen or just a summer storm , she froze , her heart dancing faster .
tr	C	Minutes turned into hours and I wished that we could simply conjure that we were already there .
tr	C	Her heart swelled with love , pride and gorge as the massive ship headed toward Bremerton .
tr	C	What a lot of bribes .
tr	C	The breadth of condensation started to materialize next to Derek .
tr	O	If they shoot back , use a yellow ray .
tr	C	Soon , fliers would come into view , acting as mobile stars in the rice fields , and the stage would be set .
tr	C	The collectors ' movement was now more pronounced , more obvious than ever , on the video footage .
tr	C	They spent an immoderate amount of their time trying to maximize the rest of the population , usually by chewing on them .
tr	C	Maybe he was grunting with the bulbs all along . "
tr	C	David forced out every speck of emotion left lingering in his heart .
tr	O	Unlike some of the other movers and shakers , Vaughn hadn 't brought any bodyguards along with him .
tr	O	She 'd been so sure that if her mother could just hear the voice of her son , her firstborn , she 'd wake up .
tr	O	Not for very long , though , since the venom in the sac beneath his fingernail was extremely potent .
tr	C	My ire was inside and now she 's gone .
tr	O	Then he spent all of his money on that damned house , and repaid me with a stab in the back ! "
tr	C	Now , all we need is the proper candidate to bring us together with our lost cousins and those created to hunt the mattresses of our kind .
tr	C	He wondered if at least one of them was from Fischer , cuddling if he 'd completed the interview .
tr	C	It was our Happy Saturday today and they planned on baking utensils .
tr	C	For a moment , there 's a chore of golden light around him .
tr	C	The two men made their way out of the estancia and took a walk towards the volcanoes .
tr	O	The plant was open twenty-four hours a day , but Garrison and his men drove her to an area that was being renovated .
tr	O	She licked at his skin , wetting it before she nipped at him with her teeth .
tr	C	He guides my eyes .
tr	C	" Knox is the reason I 'm here , " I said , tracing the golden parachute .
tr	C	He needed to slide inside her and tether them together even tighter .
tr	O	I refilled her water bowl .
tr	C	" If this is going to work , I need to know how to ask for the specific souls in the interstate . "
tr	O	He pulled out three cigars and offered one to Ezra and then one to Garrett .
tr	C	By the age of 7 the mind begins to acclimate to a particular pattern and the environment in which the Protector resides .
tr	O	Why she thought of Clay as the underdog she had no idea .
tr	C	He gives me an athlete that 's barely enough for cigarettes . "
tr	C	She felt it pressing in on her and within seconds she felt like she was starting to loom .
tr	O	But now she began to worry about herself as the doctor poked and prodded at Vel 's boils .
tr	C	He might as well hand out a license for concubines to form or fill in the blank blame sheets with Gabriel 's name squarely at the top .
tr	C	The warlord spoke again , always with his eyes fixed on those of the man in the cassock .
tr	C	Would they have received a minivan ? "
tr	C	I started to wriggle away from him so I could get off the bed .
tr	C	Though the site was a UK station , it drew an international group of diapers .
tr	O	Emotional entanglement wasn 't .
tr	O	The box of sugar lumps she 'd left on the sorting table was knocked over and the top of the box was torn .
tr	O	Next , the photographs on the mantel caught her eye .
tr	O	" You won 't share your feast with farmers but you will with foreigners .
tr	C	It also reveals he is probably armed and is extremely dangerous .
tr	C	Cellphones from the street had captured pictures and videos that had already been tacked to the networks .
tr	C	Since each cruise originates in Miami that 's something we can handle without mishap . "
tr	O	She looked down to her midriff to discover two large red patches growing by the second on the front of her floral dress .
tr	O	And all the relations who had come to stay for her funeral .
tr	C	I think some people think that they 're not real descendants until they 've done the job they were invented to do , sir .
tr	C	The secret location of Merlin 's underbelly was only the start .
tr	C	He was reliving that I should accompany the boy back to see him , if I would be so kind , without delay .
tr	C	Her lustrous hair was barely disguised with a scarf of orange and her ears dangled with something a middle eastern harem woman would be proud of wearing .
tr	O	The old man seemed to have withdrawn into some private realm , far away .
tr	O	Of course , he was a shape-shifter of some kind , but I could not imagine what he turned into .
tr	C	Without a wasted moment he manhandled Ivan toward the door and in a single dance like motion creeped him over to the railing and flung him off .
tr	O	He fell while cycling in the mountains .
tr	O	Not everyone picks a spouse who shares his or her Druid heritage .
tr	O	Sure , it was a little awkward learning all the ins and outs , but the thrill of discovery more than made up for it .
tr	C	But I have a chalet in life : Never ever give up .
tr	C	He would find farms near the landing place where he could sleep if necessary and where food would be given him .
tr	C	A hovercraft was a life time experienced in a few days : intense , dramatic and always different .
tr	C	The smell that arose was unpacking .
tr	C	My cell phone beeped , rendering me to a text message : Have rush job on work comp claimant .
tr	O	Both of them were immobilized .
tr	C	The terrorists set her spoon aside and held up her empty wine glass .
tr	C	" Your fiancé ? "
tr	O	His mouth skims across my cheek , down my jaw .
tr	O	From planet to planet the thin signal cut , relayed directly to the office at Batavia .
tr	O	She reached out to his voice , fighting against the numbing darkness .
tr	C	A young couple has wormed under the stairwell .
tr	C	We got no headway with you .
tr	O	Now , three hours later , sleep was again catching up with her , when a loud rapping noise shook her awake .
tr	O	He lived on the steppes for several weeks , wandering across the high windswept grasslands .
tr	C	I yelled at him , clearing another pose of mages coming from our sides .
tr	O	With wide eyes and a hand on her dress , Mom slowly joins my father .
tr	O	But the fumes in the room were overpowering and had him gasping for air .
tr	C	Sharper than a crane , it cut through everything it touched .
tr	O	There weren 't many men who could have gotten the drop on Gino 's goons .
tr	O	I know she 's a bad follower .
tr	C	You must have seen him or you have a good excuse for invading in our pact . "
tr	C	We are going to fly right into the rec center at the busiest time of the day .
tr	O	" We had the best birthday parties and birthday cakes of anyone . "
tr	O	He 's sprawled out on the table looking up at a fuming ... wait a second ... " Piers ? "
tr	C	Derek was branding , the beautifully delineated muscles in his arm flexing with every deep plunge , his touch so reverent and possessive .
tr	C	" The Final Empire was a big place , with a lot of different careers .
tr	O	" You 've never tracked down the sender ? "
tr	C	I can fire it without tiring myself so much , but it wouldn 't have been so conclusive .
tr	C	Deciding that I had received about as much information as I could get , I quickly reinforced what led me to the Cookie Jar after closing hours .
tr	O	One or two might have raised some eyebrows because the statistical likelihood is so rare .
tr	C	Blood dribbled the ground several feet in front of him as another of his men fell , clutching a gaping wound in his neck .
tr	O	They won " t be in the mood for narrow alleys .
tr	O	You could surpass him .
tr	C	We unloaded everything , careful not to ignite a single item , as we had packed strategically with everything being pretty important .
tr	C	Now , however , Bailey found himself looking out of the initials onto the glow of a moon below .
tr	C	" Some wine , doc ? "
tr	C	Rodrick Derby , the man she still thought of as her real dad ( RD for short ) had been just as rigged as she had .
tr	C	He would never expect her to rationalize anything other than blood .
tr	C	One grew weary of living and hastened to being human .
tr	C	Beth was nervous when the non talking officer looked at her knife for half a second and then stood back , floored .
tr	C	The crowd around was fuming , and she was distantly aware that many of the Nephilim had already gone inside the Gard .
tr	O	To placate her , he said , " It depends on the kidnapper -- some panic and will kill their victim to keep them quiet .
tr	O	He sent her out some coupons that she can use once a month in the store here .
tr	C	All sorts of stupid Shakespearian names start tangling together .
tr	C	He loves those video games he rasps . "
tr	C	There was a dull ache in my left elbow and my stockings .
tr	C	But after a quick prod , she felt almost human again .
tr	C	Intellectually , he knew the ritual binding them together had caused this overwhelming need , but the knowledge didn 't jeopardize his need to touch her mind .
tr	O	It was more felt than seen , and Ryland sensed her puzzlement deepen .
tr	C	" I must go , though I 'm hoping you will come to Christopher and Jane 's stamina in a couple of weeks , " Bridget expressed .
tr	C	No beating around the bracelets as his mother used to say .
tr	C	Beams of light stretch across the polished tile , whisking through the ceiling windows .
tr	O	Threats were not something he wasted his breath uttering .
tr	C	The only remaining haven of humankind is the church on the east side of town .
tr	C	He swallowed so hard I could see his throat mike .
tr	O	Both planes had cruising speeds of 600 mph and had been modified for in-flight refueling , giving them virtually unlimited range .
tr	O	I didn 't want him to think I was rejecting him .
tr	O	We know from the canvassing deputies did in the area that a workman was in the garage .
tr	O	Your distances this year have been your best yet !
tr	O	Once that has been accomplished I will need to evaluate how to approach the rest of her treatment plan .
tr	C	" You know , your mother 's not an iPod .
tr	O	Asked to leave , the three hopefuls had failed at the first hurdle in the race to help conquer good .
tr	O	' It looks like you 've been elected , Brand , ' I added . '
tr	O	" You 're daydreaming , " Susan said .
tr	C	I had an extra shot put in my sherry .
tr	C	He grabs my hand when I finally get it tunneled .
tr	C	Nell slid the psychologists out of the gun and put them into her pocket .
tr	O	Some of the signs carried a red skull and crossbones .
tr	C	They differ and collaborate in their own world , which is why the host will often complain of hearing voices in his head . "
tr	O	After an eternity , the thick fingers on his throat slackened and slipped away .
tr	C	I 'd been pondering how Simone ever managed to score guys and if her use of boarders expanded beyond " nice . "
tr	C	He steeled his project .
tr	C	The rooms were beautiful , with high stockings and wood inlays everywhere , but the best feature was the balcony facing the square .
tr	C	Her eyes gauged the garden while she imagined her former partner on his knees with a claw and trowel .
tr	O	I had bought a box of chocolates and a sexy negligee with matching stilettos .
tr	C	Murdock shook his head , scattering bulbs of blood onto Chase 's boots .
tr	C	They weren 't , but the money rolled in and overrode all expectations .
tr	C	She 'd already been recruited to professional Siberia , by being put in charge of SI .
tr	O	Elise wrung her hands in front of her .
tr	O	They saw their opportunity when Bradford placed an advertisement in the newspaper looking for help in his mortgage company .
tr	O	Kali thought hard , scrunching her face as she struggled to recall anything about the last couple of days .
tr	O	Next thing you know , there 's a job vacancy .
tr	O	I don 't think I broke any rules of etiquette . "
tr	C	Maybe he expected Thomas to vary the case but that never happened .
tr	O	Julian gave his khakis and borrowed T-shirt an offended grunt .
tr	C	William the bladder had ceased his work for the evening , giving the air only a lingering reminder of the so sweet scents of day .
tr	C	" I 'm supposed to be detained by her today .
tr	O	Afterward , they lay face to face , foreheads pressed together , fingers resting on each other 's cheeks .
tr	C	The two Mexican cowboys squatted down and yielded the tracks .
tr	O	I don 't think I 've ever seen you so quiet and ... aloof .
tr	O	The small flames in the lanterns flickered slightly and the small amount of smoke they emitted was pulled into the ducts that were embedded into the ceiling .
tr	O	The living descendants of magic and legend stared at one another across the fire with sadness in their eyes .
tr	O	" We watched from the hilltop .
tr	O	I walked around the house and looked in every room , nook and cranny .
tr	O	Pushing the gearshift into drive , she punched the gas pedal , swung around the corner and barreled down the road .
tr	O	In the gray-green glow of Kane 's night-vision camera , the slivers of light at the far end of the corridor began to break wider .
tr	C	Fuchs , at the front of the cathedral , called out the various turns , and we followed .
tr	O	Our company and their company are considering the possibility of merging . "
tr	C	At the sensation of her body cringing against his .
tr	C	Lisa secured the warm donuts around Phil , walking beside Sergei as he moved towards the passage out of the clearing .
tr	C	Quickly he extracted a tiny key from his defence and unlocked the case .
tr	O	" It 's happening again , " she said , her shoulders sagging .
tr	C	" A good assistant never aims his sources . "
tr	O	Cody wasn 't Noah and , despite the family connection and their similarities , she was quite clear on that .
tr	O	but I can 't , I 'm afraid of the risk of hypothermia .
tr	O	I was wracking my brain for what this could mean , and for any bargaining chip I could somehow produce out of thin air .
tr	C	I 'm about to slit your throat , you stupid punk . "
tr	O	" Earthquakes will crush the eggs of the dragons which will creep from the underworld to devastate the earth , " said Brother Benedict .
tr	C	Soon they were all trundling out of the cathedral .
tr	O	" Why am I suddenly channeling a cheesy Leo headline for this ?
tr	C	I quoted a few words onto a sticky note and stuck it on his door before racing into my room to change .
tr	O	It was the old formula : you have sex , you die .
tr	C	He has personally defended her time and again against everybody who has tried to amend or disturb her . "
tr	O	The dark shape loomed before her , the fog shrouding it like a cloak , and the ruby gleamed brilliantly and seductively before her eyes .
tr	C	Drawers and artifacts have been emptied , boxes upturned , cutlery bent out of shape , stores of food dirtied and cans dented .
tr	O	The gold thing winked in the torchlight , up and down .
tr	C	" Alright , Doctor , you have your cowardice .
tr	O	" You mean the serum could not be implemented into their genetic copies ? "
tr	O	He uncorked the glass and let the faintest bit drop onto the top of his hand .
tr	O	She was busy walking from one new appliance to the next , each still displaying the new sticker on its door .
tr	C	" Every realtor knows that . "
tr	O	I would have screamed , I would have yelled , I would have dragged you away from the traitorous whelp .
tr	O	She was health conscious herself and would never bake anything for her family she seriously believed would harm them .
tr	O	I showed them an abby . "
tr	O	We killed all of their delegations , rebuffed all attempts to establish contact .
tr	O	" You don 't realize what that would have entailed .
tr	C	" Who sired you ? "
tr	C	When the ox is just above , she gently paws her mother 's mouth on the way down to the sand .
tr	C	The knots in my stomach emitted , magnified by the fact that Roth didn 't deny what the seer said .
tr	C	So Nadia had every reason to doubt and shipping what he told her now .
tr	C	They were at Midway , driving past disappearances with private planes that dotted the tarmac .
tr	C	But I 'll tell ye that ye 're gon na have hurt more than her doc 's when all this mess is over . "
tr	C	His smile vanishes before returning .
tr	O	And instantly the glaze passed from her eyes and they were flooded with fury , comprehension and an awful fear .
tr	O	Principal Childress ' voice was cold enough to rival the air-conditioning in her office .
tr	O	In fact , he seemed pleasantly surprised that she had taken the initiative .
tr	C	He could buy off notions as easily as the prosecutors could .
tr	C	The shuttle crew had always carried eight members : two portraits , three adults and three ascended youth .
tr	O	I need to stop mentioning Gage in the event her affections decide to curve ball in his direction .
tr	O	' My boy , I sincerely hope you will not be the one to execute other measures , ' he warned .
tr	O	This scam of a wedding isn 't going to change that .
tr	C	A running group liberated by like a herd of deer .
tr	O	I was talking about the disabling gas that you used to incapacitate my crew , soldiers , guards , and ultimately myself ! "
tr	O	" Amazing , " she gasped , fisting his hair .
tr	C	Short puffs of hair framed her face making her look small and feminine .
tr	C	Hazel paused but didn 't cut the parapet .
tr	O	He saw distant mountains beyond the city of towers , faintly visible as hazy silhouettes through the thick air .
tr	O	I 've left him , she had often thought , so how can he continue to wield such control over me ?
tr	C	He turned back to the battle , winking at her before he lowered his helmet 's visor , replaced his gauntlet and charged back into the pew .
tr	C	Vicki practically ran from the parking garage to the building the membership committee had opened up to the candidates .
tr	O	he added hopefully , looking at the cakes .
tr	C	They noted this and my opponents down to my medical documents at the psychiatry .
tr	O	One side of the tallest building still standing was crusted with pink coral .
tr	O	He stopped dead in his tracks and his eyes grew round as saucers before a huge grin split his weathered face .
tr	C	The damsel in the program was that the program was irrevocably flawed , contaminated with a self-destruct virus that was intrinsic to the program itself .
tr	O	I inhale sharply as a hand settles on my thigh and begins its ascent .
tr	C	I heard some bumping sounds , and then his voice , louder , into the rover .
tr	O	The body was lying behind a green dumpster near the mouth of a large alley .
tr	O	She was always buying him clothes with labels .
tr	O	" She will soon become a convert .
tr	C	It was the start of his Master 's half-brother .
tr	O	Sometimes he listens to me . "
tr	C	Large red and purple flowers with long workouts .
tr	O	Power flowed even from those two syllables .
tr	O	You have to do something naughty before you can be spanked . "
tr	O	Her eyes were already glazing from the psychic seduction tendrils he was weaving around her .
tr	O	Especially following the swath of ruin left behind , both out in the Middle East and here in South Carolina .
tr	O	Halfway to the pulpit , the dark figure spoke .
tr	C	There was inherent bias in every look , every movement .
tr	C	At least he wouldn 't be wasting his time interviewing people who obviously had no clue how to conjure in the world of big business .
tr	O	Her face changed from shrewd to impassive on a dime .
tr	C	The boy could be anything from a bee to an innocent through a suicidal crying for help and the file would have read exactly the same .
tr	C	Though the glass in one corner was cracked , he found that it was still working and , incredibly , it was still connected to the championship .
tr	O	We both lunge for the bag at the same time , fingers scrabbling for the shampoo bottle .
tr	C	Slowly , he digs inside , and I suck in air , wanting him to stop , and yet at the same time wanting more .
tr	O	Kisses turned to licks that trailed over her sex and across her lower belly .
tr	O	I had imagined the yachts and the sports cars , but I hadn 't been anticipating a private jet .
tr	C	Joe Tolson knew the questions that would be comin ' wouldn 't be very pleasant ; and he seemed to wallow in it .
tr	C	He jerked his head toward the body as if to say , Don 't talk to me ; talk to the thug !
tr	C	The wind did not postpone any hair or feathers .
tr	C	" Piles of water ?
tr	C	" She 's a great kid , " he summed up , knowing that great didn 't nearly cover all Sam 's stilettos .
tr	O	Sometimes I amuse myself by writing a fictional column for the biweekly Shakespeare Journal while I work .
tr	C	They also knew whatever happiness they had managed to achieve in the chateau was now gone .
tr	C	He suddenly realized that his supposed accuracy was talking to him .
tr	C	She got no more than a few steps before the red-haired thing mastered her , catching her by the shoulders .
tr	C	Though , that could really snore when I tell her what a prick I am .
tr	C	Raindrops began to drum on the tarpaulin above them and a strengthening wind sent pleas into their faces .
tr	C	At first it looks like a dot , then a quantum , and then a person swathed in black .
tr	O	I 'll be damned if I 'll offer them the antidote . "
tr	C	Some of the people began to point out the bigger stars and the different variations .
tr	C	Scores meant well , but he couldn 't be liberated by Scores ' ham-fisted efforts , because he was inconsolable .
tr	C	When we get caught , we get a semi-circle around our necks . "
tr	O	They were evacuating the building and forced me to leave .
tr	O	" It 's classified , " he said .
tr	C	He was a slave to the demons , dilated by evil ; she was a goddess , created in light .
tr	O	Future omen or not , Billy always admired how Blake could captivate his audience with those stories .
tr	O	It was outfitted with a zoom lens .
tr	C	Vin started , abruptly extinguishing her shares .
tr	C	The bidding started at the price of a luxury car and within a few receipts had increased to the price of a small house .
tr	C	Or was he trying to discharge her ?
tr	C	Not to worry though , they will be here for tonight 's antics .
tr	O	The squawking could just barely be heard amidst the heavy thunder background .
tr	C	There was no sign of the lockdown now .
tr	O	The canvas was blank , save a few dabs of blue .
tr	C	He was a teapot , and was twice as rich as my Dad .
tr	C	He breathes in his satisfaction and lowers to his nearness ; only now do his eyes fill in the spaces left bare by scent and sound .
tr	O	What if I 'd been projecting this whole time and now those words were out there and he wasn 't going to repeat them to me ?
tr	O	That was the spiel they 'd all been given when they joined the EOD .
tr	C	Make her do nak * d losers out of the office and into the kitchen ? "
tr	C	" It 's supposed to keep the glass from sticking to the table if you don 't have a funnel .
tr	O	It suddenly occurred to him that the two farms would do better to consolidate .
tr	C	I hustled over to her , craning her up in my arms before I planted a long , dramatic kiss on her waiting mouth .
tr	O	Or did her panic all stem from having mistaken this mannequin for a corpse ?
tr	O	There were political problems , economic , and social gatherings that took place in some of the rooms .
tr	C	The room was dark , save for the glow of waffles on the hearth .
tr	O	His words resonated in her mind .
tr	O	Looking at her still eating , I was keenly aware of how much tastier a morsel she would have been .
tr	C	And now , nearly two weeks later , here he sat with Hawk in the padlock .
tr	O	And then , for the rest of the year , she 'll make the tastiest pies and pumpkin bread in the world . "
tr	O	She never visualized the two of them sharing more than company and friendship .
tr	O	But then forbidden fruit was a powerful aphrodisiac .
tr	O	Thankfully for the rest of the trip I could sit back and let the snowmobile do all the work .
tr	O	When the funeral is over , you can do it all over again by flipping the reset switch in the baby 's armpit .
tr	C	She felt the electric energy snap back into her mind to inflict the glowing orb .
tr	O	Reapers and their cruel schemes had a way of doing that to you .
tr	C	Ryan exceeded his recovery , and Claire halfheartedly complained about being his nursemaid .
tr	C	I just hope it doesn 't rake over while we 're using it . "
tr	O	" What do you need curry for ? "
tr	C	I cannot pass the pebble again , even if I should wish to try . "
tr	O	It is pointless to punish friends for their parenting choices .
tr	O	After the last ten months you 're feeling more confident as your body and your life find some element of normalcy again .
tr	C	Thirty-four seconds of sand cascaded slightly erratically inside it .
tr	O	He couldn 't take too long or his mother would fret about him , even though the hospital had security guards .
tr	C	And the mystique ... Damn , it was such a coup .
tr	O	A few German sedans .
tr	O	They 'd have to be in one serious clinch not to notice you . "
tr	O	" I never thought of that before , " I said , though I was deeply aware of the sensuality of this day .
tr	C	" Actually , my designs are captivated by manga , " Sophie said .
tr	O	" Listen , " she started , shuffling through the possibilities of how she could broach the subject .
tr	C	The butler came in with wine in a jar of gold , but the king beckoned onto him to be gone and leave the driveways empty .
tr	C	Everything is under control , " the Gold Jester delivers them calmly .
tr	C	When I enter the surety I find two men , one of them examining a jade vase that my aunt brought us from her travels in Asia .
tr	O	If you decide that you do not want to be executor , I will ask Harry .
tr	O	Turning to give the barmaid a wilting look , he slapped down some coin .
tr	C	" Servants , classrooms , anyone you 'll ever have contact with .
tr	C	She 'd deflated somewhat since last night , but she was still bloated enough to ignite a wry smile from my lips .
tr	C	" I didn 't say you needed a mermaid , " he replies , and I can tell he 's annoyed .
tr	C	He could rearrange the world around an enemy , making it hard for them to see .
tr	C	In the process , my bag hit Oliver 's and knocked his to the floor because I was just that kind of total , uncoordinated ape .
tr	O	We acted like coffee buyers .
tr	C	I studied his features in the vehemence ; he was more breathtaking than the view .
tr	C	Then as if on overdrive , the place erupted into a keystone cops routine .
tr	C	Now that the foreigners have worn off , I can 't sleep .
tr	O	There are always casualties in war . "
tr	O	A friend of mine , Tripp , tutored me .
tr	C	They could hear footsteps on the linoleum floor .
tr	C	" It 's more of a ... term of hamburger . "
tr	C	" I would have appreciated a musket , you know . "
tr	C	She could hear the loaves of others both in the hall and neighboring rooms , but the groans and irritated shouts only fed her rage .
tr	O	The barber brushed the clippings off his collar and removed the towel .
tr	O	If a person has both abilities , they don 't call them a Source or a Conduit any more .
tr	O	" I 've not finished with the stubborn arse yet . "
tr	C	" Norton went like a corporation to the slaughter .
tr	O	Clementine clicked off her walkie-talkie and stuck it back onto her belt .
tr	O	I 'll not be your perfect wife , Hart Mackenzie , obeying you because it 's my duty .
tr	O	She couldn 't contain it much longer , and anything and everything in close proximity to her was in deadly peril .
tr	O	Closing my eyes as I lean against his shoulder , it occurs to me that Henry is going to be a great dad one day .
tr	O	" You got better things to do with that lyre than smash it over someone 's head , right ?
tr	O	" God is a variable to you .
tr	C	Jason 's hands were shaking and his mouth was so dry that he walked over and drank down the ashtray without a second thought .
tr	C	Staring at the brown car , dull beneath the mews , I thought , I could go .
tr	C	" Those provisions in the island are those who try to hide from the Assassins ' Chamber ... " murmured Heston , pouring whiskey to his glass .
tr	C	What captured her attention was the photograph taken in the grand drawing room , with Serena posing against a magnificent marble spaceship .
tr	O	I flail around , grasping for any kind of handhold .
tr	C	She had never even dreamed such misfortune could exist !
tr	C	Kat had asked him earlier , trying to find a damsel in his plan .
tr	O	Quade thought about loosening the scowl locked on his face , then reconsidered .
tr	O	She let her voice waver , then hoped she wasn 't overdoing it .
tr	O	He had all this goo over him .
tr	C	Tears moistened her eyes , fell , and all she could do was plead .
tr	C	" He 's Second , " Rose argued uncomfortably , " he can 't be controlled -- " Cricket laughed at her cameraman .
tr	O	He winces , his jaw clenched , his golden eyes flaming .
tr	C	I was sure I wouldn 't get a heroin .
tr	O	" Marry me . "
tr	O	He tried to object when the roaches gave their food to Boots , thinking he would share his own .
tr	O	She waved her little hand back and forth , her mouth unsmiling .
tr	O	At last the witch stopped at a spot where rocks like pillars sprouted out of the turf .
tr	O	I 'd become a big advocate of the earring .
tr	C	But if he 'd known , why had he never exceeded the subject ?
tr	O	I fumble with the remaining locks and throw open the door , ushering in Jesse .
tr	O	He released his hand from the slope of her neck and she fell forward , facedown on the runway .
tr	C	He had taken over lousy administrative problems from the previous president and had been obtained at every turn after the last change in government .
tr	O	" I love daisies . "
tr	C	" It takes brains to see beyond the dazzle of diamonds , " the stranger said , approval marking his masculine physique .
tr	C	Gee teased , obviously eating up the uncomfortable witnessing .
tr	C	I 'll never forget that moment , " he said , and she felt a warm duvet fall on her forehead .
tr	C	He wrapped a semi-circle around it tightly , pretty sure it would do the job .
tr	O	To give some credence to his ruse Joseph took out his pipe and filled it with the tobacco George had purchased .
tr	C	After dinner , they cut the flip-flops and went back to the couch .
tr	O	" It was Thanksgiving , " she whispered as she felt the tears pricking her eyes .
tr	O	Sometimes when people don 't do anything particularly well , their death is the only opportunity for redemption . '
tr	C	" My witness was taking a whoosh outside when she was approached by a man with the same description . "
tr	O	Celestino 's glance compelled her to defend herself without him uttering a single word .
tr	O	They inquire about you , as does my mother . "
tr	O	Have you or anyone you know ever been affected by bullying online ?
tr	O	The universe spun on , every atom of it .
tr	O	The reporter hopped off the stoop and away from his would-be attacker .
tr	O	" Now you 're being honest , " he quips .
tr	O	She wanted that lightness , the ease of being with him .
tr	O	Yet within hours of his boast , he 'd almost come in his pants .
tr	C	After that , Lord William lost all pretense at conferences .
tr	O	It was Alexandra 's jealous , accusing look that unsheathed his temper .
tr	O	The single link that tied Dan to a conspiracy was the rig .
tr	C	If they had been preparing a force to intercept Earth , then there had to be some half decent troops somewhere , didn 't there ?
tr	O	He hurled my sword onto the mausoleum 's roof .
tr	O	A G and an E , representing the Earth goddess , Gaia .
tr	C	He 'd already decided to hang well in the rear of the underbrush and to swing his sword only if absolutely necessary .
tr	C	The boy , who seemed inspired by these lofty goals , puckered , " But how would a fairy do all this ?
tr	O	" The men I seek are murderers , Reginald . "
tr	C	Breathe in and hold it ... Let it out slowly , feeling all the tabs in your arms drain away . "
tr	O	" They 're acting respectful and ... Stiff , " I say , cringing as I say the word that was my nickname in Dauntless .
tr	C	Not a touch of hoof to her today .
tr	C	A tap came on the window , where a new line of salt had been poured across the carnage .
tr	O	" So what you 're saying is that the defendant made no attempt to erase or disguise her fingerprints ? "
tr	O	She could feel his huge manhood press against her velvet folds , and she yielded to his advances .
tr	O	We 'll have thirty lengths between us by the time we make it to the outcropping .
tr	O	Obviously this was not result of karma , as he was totally protected by the godly powers of White Eagle .
tr	C	The smoke machines which had been installed to hide his chalet style home from enemy combatants were , thankfully , not in operation today .
tr	C	His words suddenly clicked in her head , and a hunk of air left her lungs , and none returned .
tr	C	She spent ten minutes with him fine-tuning his question , asking for details , suggesting more specific diagnosis .
tr	O	She sent you a text message to come and get her and I deleted it .
tr	C	His barbs were repellent , like stale moldy bread .
tr	C	Luke preferred a neighborhood bar with padded hangers and a TV tuned to sports .
tr	O	Even now , she could still feel the warmth of his intimate caresses and wildly exciting kisses .
tr	O	They had a hard time of it , cussing at each other .
tr	O	The outer had slid closed before the inner door could open , and she was too petite to trip either sensor in the confined space .
tr	O	What he didn 't realize was that a far more dangerous foe sat watching the scene from the tattered living room couch , cloaked in invisibility .
tr	C	He fought the strange , sudden temper that was sabotaging itself again .
tr	C	After I 'm done , you won 't be able to play jacks , let alone football ! "
tr	O	He was a thin , reedy man with a tidy mustache and arrogant airs .
tr	C	Then I remember that many of these people probably lost their homes in the bulls .
tr	C	I have a decade on you in age , and about a century 's worth of experience and undies .
tr	C	The first two maids tumbled out quickly , but when it was Tess 's turn to slush , a freakish accident occurred .
tr	C	It was painful to talk about how she had been used and recruited by this obscene organisation , so she proceeded slowly .
tr	O	I upset him at the brunch and he left before we could discuss it further .
tr	C	An officer 's voiced carried through his gardener from his position on the street .
tr	O	He pounced on it .
tr	C	I may not have believed much in the power of prayer , but I was huge bee in swear power .
tr	C	" Hi , Joe , " I said , trying to sound as meek as I could .
tr	C	His lips found hers , their tongues meeting in a tangled seaweed .
tr	C	" Growing aggravated my knee .
tr	C	You looked at me , and said " This dull Dark current , thick as with bouquets , is not Made red by water .
tr	O	The gator hissed and snapped at him , swishing its tail and eyeballing Sunshine irritably .
tr	C	There was no mention of a C-130 , but the first page only went up to 1960 .
tr	O	Now it was her responsibility to make the rest of the voyage and colonization go according to plan .
tr	O	Liz couldn 't dispute the appeal of having Dan so close .
tr	C	I can 't help my amusement at the way Day hops to the Senators .
tr	C	She 'll be your personal bodyguard detail for public rants .
tr	C	" The washroom came from you ?
tr	O	I need to download the battle for you , to stream the vision into your mind .
tr	O	" Then this is a time to rejoice .
tr	C	Inside were layers of dried food , including fish , tranquility , coconut , banana , and sugarcane .
tr	C	" Sorry , man , " my roommate mumbled , clearly embarrassed by the pallor .
tr	C	But Jake was not interested in this underwater cavity .
tr	O	Kira opened the bag , her eyes growing shinier when she saw the dozens of vials filled with his blood .
tr	C	I had backed it in right next to the pilgrim spots near the front doors of the club .
tr	C	" Huh , " Fellows said , falling into the cleft of his youth .
tr	O	He moved with a confident strut as he chatting into his iphone .
tr	O	Their bones , Hassan noted , were brittle and would easily fracture .
tr	O	How much information do you believe this mole shared with his superiors ?
tr	O	Then his father gave him a gin and tonic and Colin stood drinking it , keeping her close with an arm about her waist .
tr	C	" Maybe it just looks that way because the drape 's so dark . "
tr	C	Like I said , I want to concentrate on writing in a fresh dissent . "
tr	O	The howls swelled in intensity .
tr	C	" I 'm sorry for the companionship .
tr	O	" What 's the downside ? "
tr	C	He took it out and placed it carefully on Leonardo 's large bladder .
tr	C	The only moving things between sand and sky were distant dog carts and two galloping horses .
tr	O	With another toss of her head , Ponytail Blonde popped the eye into her mouth like a grape .
tr	O	Go found a good clip at the canter for making himself motor up those giant piles of sand .
tr	C	Linda slowly opened the door and bustled out .
tr	O	All white with gray stripes down the side .
tr	C	I 'd had more freedom while Winkler was grooming me .
tr	C	They rode off , crossing a small printer , winding through the trees to another main road .
tr	C	He tried to contact me a number of times , but I immediately dispatched any and all messages .
tr	C	It even amazed some people , including past hangars .
tr	O	His eyes trailed over me as the red flecks of glitter darkened and spread through the orange even more .
tr	O	He took another draft of his Po and settled back to relax , thankful for this tiny break from fatherhood .
tr	O	The drink , the jealousy , the anger , and all the debts had become too much for him to bear .
tr	O	So he tends to intimidate rather than befriend , leaving him sort of ... alone in his own intelligence . "
tr	O	" He 's being relocated to the Northeast along with his son and four others . "
tr	C	A network of cobwebs strung across the ceiling like Halloween party stragglers .
tr	O	The tall , massive woman watched the barbarian turn away from the counter of the open-air wine shop .
tr	O	" Reagan , " her father barks .
tr	C	My father had assigned our agent to get me something , and he had aligned himself .
tr	C	However slight the effects , the pelting of the missile itself seriously contaminates the time-line . "
tr	O	" Every year , our CID investigators view an autopsy for training .
tr	C	Once she had reached the binder containing the horses , she opened the gate to allow the animals to run free .
tr	O	Some said they replenished magic , some said they just realigned the magic user to make the best of it .
tr	C	Cordelia describes it , as Serena does when studying the magical flower .
tr	C	His strong , warm hand linking her cold , clammy and slightly trembling one made her feel better , if only a little bit .
tr	C	However , you are the winners chosen by the people .
tr	O	I didn 't know the reason for either prejudice .
tr	C	Running restless fingers through his thick hair until it framed his lean face like the reservoir of a byzantine icon .
tr	C	They went past a newsagents , and McBride saw that all the tremors were about them .
tr	C	She sat back on her fifties , not drinking .
tr	C	Yet he couldn 't shake the feeling he was progressing very shaky personal ground .
tr	O	Plus , my pride might have factored into it as well .
tr	C	All they cared about was the rut - the mindless raw sensations that came with natives of the flesh .
tr	C	Mad Rogan had notified all of his magic , and now he would try to get it back .
tr	C	He didn 't nag at the thought of violence ; he embraced it .
tr	O	I tried to reconcile myself with the situation by pretending to be unaffected , as if I didn 't need a woman .
tr	C	Once they were gone , she would pour over storefronts , planning out the dinner she wanted to cook .
tr	O	Clover , the chestnut mare , stands in front of me , eyes half closed , dozing in the warmth of the day .
tr	C	He waited for the elevator in a summary of two , him and a pretty blonde woman .
tr	O	When he opened his eyes , Challis and the throne room were gone , replaced with the carpets and decorated walls of the Willow Wine Salon .
tr	C	Through her eyelids she could see the light in the room refocus .
tr	C	Callum watched , fanning his surprise as Lucien looked down at his bride with blatant warmth .
tr	C	" So he 's such an overload that even his housekeeper can 't stand being around him , " she replied , her shoulders drooping slightly .
tr	O	I could have been there to swap Physics notes with her , or to do something else related to our academics .
tr	C	Coach Taylor came barreling out .
tr	O	Michael was amazed his tone was so nonchalant when he felt like lunging across the room and pummeling the man responsible for Hester 's unhappiness .
tr	O	Doubling his force of horsemen , he sent out a hunt that would slaughter all the wolves in the wilds of his nation .
tr	O	At my place , yes , yes , " I continued to stammer but by this point I didn 't give a damn . .
tr	O	Some sorcerer , perhaps .
tr	O	Her mind was screaming please , please , please don 't claim parentage now .
tr	C	You guys are probably the only thing that gives us a temporary resolution . "
tr	O	You will be injected in him within the next few minutes .
tr	O	The spacious area still contained the furnace and hot water heater , rotting carpet on the floor .
tr	C	I had a new friend and a secret hideout spot .
tr	C	Nolan galloped after his smartphone .
tr	C	I have done nothing in this lifetime but seek out colleges ! "
tr	O	But if she opened her eyes to double-check it would be over .
tr	C	You would lie because , otherwise , you would be shot for eavesdropping .
tr	O	He wrung his hands and checked his appearance in the mirror , wondering if his hair was damp from all the sweat he imagined it had sustained .
tr	C	There was no mention of impairment or propriety in either parent .
tr	C	And don 't worry , the ride I chartered is very safe , " Sasuke told us hurriedly before disappearing into the scarves .
tr	C	" But , " he tried to thrive .
tr	C	Instinctively , her lips were on the verge of letting out the words Thank you , but she suddenly remembered what he 'd said about such delusions .
tr	C	Caleb sinks back against the finer edge , touching the back of his head to the metal cabinets .
tr	C	As the ownership to the music kicked in , Tyler growled into the microphone , " How 's everyone doing tonight ? "
tr	O	This has to be handled with some diplomacy . "
tr	C	" I can tell I 'm breaking you down , Adela , " he said , resenting his wings as she did the same .
tr	O	The door opened to show Simone glaring at both of them as if they deserved only to be mowed over and buried in the lawn .
tr	C	" I forgot to bash my subscription to Esquire , and now I don 't know how to dress for an occasion . "
tr	O	His reaction to my news defied my ability to interpret .
tr	C	" With all them sketches of time pouring through ? "
tr	O	Their glass windows are long since trashed , and their contents confiscated or looted back when Forgotten London was first established .
tr	C	" Sounds good , champ . "
tr	C	People liked to see the cogs in full color , after all .
tr	O	Unbeknownst to the Union command , out beyond the city limits , the Confederates loaded several cannons .
tr	C	Now , I wanted to bob in the floor and scream .
tr	O	Our vocation as Nephilim is to protect our own dimension ; we will allow other universes to take care of themselves .
tr	O	" Yes , " Helen said nervously , wringing her hands as she looked around the amazing room .
tr	C	In the strengthening , there was the Flame , and it burned like a candle in the Greater Dark .
tr	C	He became a musician .
tr	C	It is not the blot of the State but the destruction of its machinery , machinery that has suffocated democracy .
tr	O	Fabrizio went to piss on a rundown half column sticking up a meter above the ground at the edge of a string of houses .
tr	O	No ; he reckoned not .
tr	O	" You ... living with one of your secretaries ?
tr	O	They said their good-byes and Mrs. Parker went back inside as Walt and Zachary exited the yard and started walking down the road to the bus stop .
tr	C	Tea slots were being ripped out and other crops planted in their place .
tr	C	Her booted feet sunk just a few inches through a delicate query with soft powder below .
tr	C	She unloaded the Uprising and watched all her husband 's friends slaughtered .
tr	O	Eventually they would develop an acute awareness of their surroundings when they were scoping out or breaking into a house .
tr	C	As her first foot falls on the road fell , she thought , I 'm on my membership .
tr	O	Alas , " Sid sighed , " our respective countries have no formal relations at present , so I am afraid the pleasantries stop here . "
tr	O	" No , " she answered , stretching that single word to encompass so much more .
tr	C	During the next few weeks , I managed to listen to Horace 's labs , and he was right .
tr	C	Especially since the sheriff has not had much luck in finding the killer of that poor implementation . "
tr	O	My plan to find a flaw in him was failing miserably .
tr	C	I 'll be the biggest dork ever . "
tr	C	" Ah , so you intercept my life 's story from me with your feminine wiles , and leave me out in the cold . "
tr	C	Rachel stared at him with calculation .
tr	O	And as he looked past her he perceived a room in disorder .
tr	O	' So it reckons the universe needs a kicking , does it ? '
tr	C	She followed Soren through the lavish lobby and into a back corridor that , although toned down , still reeked of peasant .
tr	C	Fortunately , it seemed that Bolt and his katana had no stomach for a fair fight .
tr	C	He nibbled with his teeth , took long sweeps with his tongue , punctuating them quickly and mercilessly until sensations collided , fighting for dominance .
tr	C	Clicking off his headlamp , he grabbed his rifle , rose to his knees , and found a break in the commercials to peer through .
tr	O	She had pigtails and puffy red eyes , and she carried a blanket in one hand and a raggedy cardboard suitcase in the other .
tr	O	' We still have other investigations to carry out before we can be sure of anything . '
tr	O	I 'm still not entirely convinced that I was hallucinating the night the floor of my hospital room transformed into a carpet of writhing snakes .
tr	C	The kid sulked for the SUV .
tr	C	Jace knew he was a stitch .
tr	O	When she returned , there would be dinners in her room , and early nights , turning off the TV while she slept .
tr	O	No deficit of colour here !
tr	O	He probably hated us so much he 'd adopt someone else .
tr	C	The place was a mixture of South American merchants with Indian overtones .
tr	C	James evaluated his stride and swooped his son into a tight embrace .
tr	O	They were rolling backward , just as they had on the submarine .
tr	C	For instance , she might say that her brother was g * y and he might call the same brother a disco .
tr	O	Mom had to talk him into bumping up the festivities from Christmas Eve .
tr	C	Rachel looked at the steep embankment and felt a ripple of fear .
tr	C	She forced her breathing to replenish .
tr	C	" Men like that , they could of done a lot worse , I thank the Order cone that anyway . "
tr	C	Elizabeth felt a hand at her elbow , draping her back into the conversation .
tr	C	I dug my fingers into his shoulders , blossoming at the knots with all my strength .
tr	O	If I had a heavier rifle intended only for extreme ranges it would be easy , but I 've only got a lighter , more tactical sniper .
tr	C	He began , " This is obviously a smattering of the area in which we placed the four teams for the scavenger hunt last time . "
tr	O	It was all to do with creating new fuels .
tr	C	I 'd hate to think what the media will make of this if any of the people who 've identified this man accuses us of happenstance .
tr	C	Have you seen the fees they 've made about my people ?
tr	C	" I 'm sorry , I must sound like an awful eavesdropping .
tr	O	A small trickle of condensation ran down the back of his neck .
tr	C	" True , but what do you mean by instructing an old party ?
tr	O	No one will come to your gravesite and mourn for you .
tr	O	Once a dumbass got banned from the club , he didn 't sneak back in no matter what disguise he wore , not on Damian 's watch .
tr	O	Legends say devoted lovers gave each other tokens over long distances ... not that I think you and I - " I waved away his embarrassment .
tr	O	Jace moved closer ; he was kneeling over Simon now , his breath making white puffs in the icy air .
tr	C	" Set up and let 's go .
tr	C	The light from that lava comes up through these crystals and avoids these caverns . "
tr	C	Full blooded elves are extremely rare these days , mainly because their comms have become almost completely entwined with humans . "
tr	O	I joined the armed forces , thinking that I 'd be able to hurt deserving people in a disciplined , controlled way .
tr	O	The most important part was how to charge the battery and how to switch over to gasoline if anything happened to the electric power supply .
tr	O	Silent , very feminine , a symphony of motions that could rob him of breath .
tr	C	Don 't you know the kind of infections you can get ... the veins you can hit ... the muscles you can thrive ... ?
tr	C	He shuddered , pulling her close against him , undoing her body against his .
tr	O	Then , instead of punishments , there will be rewards . "
tr	O	The medicines stayed here , at the hospital .
tr	O	The old guy paused a beat to gather his thoughts and then launched into the same rundown that the Sixth Avenue super had given .
tr	O	Anger had burned , spewed as hatred from my mouth .
tr	O	The ghouls beside her grunted and shoved each other , trying to get closer to Declan and Willow .
tr	C	The air smelled like puddles and funnel cakes .
tr	O	" If you turn back now , I 'll let you live , " said the kidnapper .
tr	O	" Well , don 't you find it a little convenient Peter would be killed while Stephanie was presumably in hibernation with his child ? "
tr	C	The island was largely uninhabited except for about 100 permanent residents and vacationers who kept farms along the shore and further in on the grassy western side .
tr	O	His raven perches on your shoulder and grants you infinite wisdom for 1 day if you defeat him .
tr	O	Many were beautiful and sophisticated enough to qualify for Vincenzo 's demanding standards .
tr	C	" We scouted this dilemma as well .
tr	O	" How about right after you two get back from the doc ? "
tr	O	All the strength she had summoned threatened to seep away .
tr	O	Deliberately rocking it while their grandfather yelled and fumed .
tr	O	His father plays polo with my father . "
tr	O	If you ring it , the townsfolk will know it 's safe . "
tr	O	" You 've always had really nice clothes and dressed like a socialite , but you 've never cared about clothes .
tr	O	Episode 4 Zero paced about in his little room blanketed by the bright glow of white light that permeated from every wall and even the floor itself .
tr	C	With sharp canines and a hungry belly .
tr	O	The home , built in 1971 , was purchased from in an estate sale from the heirs of the original owner .
tr	C	In the Latin grammar . "
tr	O	A car honked behind him .
tr	C	I heard a " Aliens , " followed by drunken apologies and someone saying , " Oh , I love your dress ! "
tr	C	He rummaged through the drawers and found a small speck of rings and other jewelry .
tr	O	How many different futures have I mapped out for us ?
tr	O	Fire sizzled up and down his veins as she kissed him back , her body melting against his .
tr	C	Someone had mastered their yacht to blow in the open sea .
tr	O	Now Calvin sensed Dave 's bombshell getting closer and knew his bandmates and GMD team must be coming to the end of their nerves .
tr	O	" Are you trying to irritate me ? "
tr	C	Painter suspected that Billings was not a habitual trait in the kid .
tr	C	We lived in constant terror , knowing they at any moment might hex our way .
tr	O	" Okay , just take that road about two miles and you 'll be able to see the rig , " the driver said .
tr	C	He walked toward the nearest gate , determined to be far away when the half-breed was struck .
tr	C	" He is in your southwest field ; I trust it no redemption . "
tr	O	" I better not get as big as a whale . "
tr	O	He 'd been so deep in contemplation that he hadn 't even noticed her there .
tr	O	" Well , if nothing else , you got me away from that monster bot in Mech City , " she said .
tr	O	And she made sure it showcased the cross Shane had bought her .
tr	O	I squeeze my eyes tighter shut , scrunching up my face and shove all my mental strength at the wall .
tr	O	But what I do know is that we can 't keep living in the wilds .
tr	O	Although the passion was about a second from nosing ahead in the race .
tr	C	" It doesn , t right to laugh , was it ?
tr	C	I sketched for three days afterwards . "
tr	C	Then he refocused on me .
tr	C	The council was concerned about the chalet . "
tr	O	Vampires were predators , and we were naturally faster than humans .
tr	C	The coach was as sumptuous as Grenville 's with velvet walls , gold leaf on the windows , and cushioned mats for our feet .
tr	C	I researched him as best I could .
tr	O	" Not this time , Orson , " I implored , rising to my feet .
tr	C	Of course , soon I 'd move into rehabilitation and be around alcohol and drug dealers .
tr	C	You will have to dive to the deepest depths in order to find the priceless clutter that was once so carelessly lost .
tr	C	He stopped to regard the dog , who watched at us through bulging eyes , silent , his little body convulsing .
tr	O	I gnawed nervously at my lip , debating .
tr	O	You could tell Karina was assuring them , attempting to calm them .
tr	C	Or I could could be a stripper .
tr	C	The day before , I had wandered the school with the box , devastation every department of the various masks they had .
tr	O	The woman made it seem like a perversion . "
tr	O	They would be eligible for green cards in two months , then citizenship in four more years .
tr	C	Even in finance , I couldn 't think of any better way , any perfect course of action .
tr	C	We got rid of it by slashing light .
tr	O	Lila had hurried out of the locker room to meet Mike , but disarming Keke might disarm both twins at once .
tr	C	But would winning by default give him half the satisfaction as taking KCL by virtue and skill ?
tr	O	Every Masterson holding boasted similar cavernous spaces containing furnishings and artwork accumulated over centuries .
tr	O	A voice that was a contradiction because it promised love and devotion while only delivering pain and humiliation .
tr	O	She caught that the systems would be taken down for five minutes and it would be up to those on duty to double up their patrols .
tr	O	She linked her ankles behind his knees and urged him nearer , as close as he could come with her gown bunching between them .
tr	O	Going purely by instinct , he drew his finger out and then thrust it in again , deeper this time , mimicking his body 's actions .
tr	C	The sooner we leave , the better , ' said Basalt , picking up his pack and attaching his crossbow in his hands .
tr	C	" I checked him too , and all I could find was the perspiration dried on his head .
tr	O	" And his occupation ? "
tr	C	With archers at the gate , one tends to wait for the other shoe to drop . "
tr	O	" You will take me to the afterlife , " she instructed it firmly .
tr	C	I 've spent too much time in the Temple among the users . "
tr	C	I turned off the sinners .
tr	C	July 14 Today we celebrated the anniversary of the pilgrim with a small village .
tr	O	The politician shook his head vigorously .
tr	O	He gently caressed my cheekbone with a single finger .
tr	C	In some strange , unforgivable way I felt my grandmother 's discomfort with my Asian eyes and ascending jet black hair always on my shoulders .
tr	C	Sandy grunted in response , still staring hard at the pearly sheen of ice on top of the digs .
tr	O	Natalie let out an exasperated breath , and her vision flashed with swirls of grass .
tr	O	It actually took the chauffeur a good couple of minutes to move from the start of the driveway to the entrance of the hotel .
tr	C	" I seriously doubt I could afford your logistics . "
tr	O	It didn 't get a thorough cleaning after the last shipment , but other than that it seems usable , " Max reported .
tr	C	It would be far easier to keep this to myself ... but the truth is , I was progressing . "
tr	O	" Keep her awake , " the medic said , going back to work on the wound .
tr	O	Abigail grabbed the small towel draped over the front of the treadmill and wiped her face .
tr	O	She thought back , trying to remember what would have lured her to the silent , empty chambers when she was a child .
tr	O	Sprays of tropical flowers and a spread of food large enough to feed an army waited on the sandy beach beside bowing sea oats .
tr	O	It was weird to be so worried about a paycheck .
tr	C	He had gleaned as he aged , but he hadn 't really changed .
tr	O	" So you blackmailed them ? "
tr	C	Did you notice the immigrants are in their 40s and 50s ?
tr	C	A small Yugoslavian trawler was tied up alongside a Greek ship at the next dock and the traditional afternoon break wasn 't keeping them from being convicted .
tr	C	She slumped against one of the metal posts that propped up the abbey .
tr	O	He wasn 't voicing any new ideas , so far .
tr	C	" Small waterfalls where vampires drink communally from humans . "
tr	O	Her skintight blue leggings and oversized , off-the-shoulder T-shirt made her seem even smal er .
tr	O	Her eyes were inquisitive but her jawline still hard .
tr	O	" This guy 's a gambler ? "
tr	C	Some of the more fanciful helmets would make entertaining reading .
tr	C	I felt a pressure building in my core , reinforcing that my body couldn 't hold out much longer .
tr	C	" For Roland is too young for professors , is she not ? "
tr	C	" Let 's just say she captivated a few selected memories .
tr	C	The teacher pulled their papers away from them and quickly procured them .
tr	C	He wasn 't often called on as a guard ; few people came to her house , except for the gremlin .
tr	C	There had to be something he could do to save the voters .
tr	O	Other teachers explain this to self , but understanding fails ... extreme constriction .
tr	C	Matt pushed his pedestal further in and asked Derek to talk so he could check the sound .
tr	C	There were serpent and diamond earrings to match .
tr	C	The paper was dead quiet , and all the lights had been shut off except for Hayden 's office , which she had snowed for the summer .
tr	O	You were right when you matched the initials with missing girls .
tr	O	If it please you , I would like access to your library and archives .
tr	O	Torpedo bombers and their fighter escorts had stopped their advance before managing to fire a single torpedo .
tr	C	What started the fad ' ?
tr	O	Let me never see you disobey again , " the priestess warned with a strained smile .
tr	C	He is fidgety and keeps pacing around the room , craning his fingers through his hair .
tr	O	Looking up her eyes met those of Ulf which were crinkling at the corners .
tr	O	He eyed her with a combination of incredulity and pity .
tr	C	We searched past the walk-in freezer and the large , steel chimney .
tr	C	There are fungi for tools and equipment .
tr	C	At first her tail was grotesque to him , but as he watched her move effortlessly through the waves , he was dispatched .
tr	C	" Come on Isaac , we need to leave , " Paul assisted his nephew .
tr	O	Large stained glass windows fronted the main building and stone balconies dotted the walls here and there .
tr	O	But her connection to the darkening had catapulted her into a new world , demanding things of her she 'd never imagined doing before .
tr	O	" I always thought the stripes referred to some kind of birthmark , " Galen said .
tr	C	On Sunday , the workers went around the side walls of the fibers cutting down bright green weeds that sprang up as fast as they were removed .
tr	C	I looked at the chaplain .
tr	O	I 'm obsessed with saucers , but I 've never even seen a good photo of one because their presence disrupts electronics .
tr	C	My body reminded me that it had been almost a week since I slept , and I needed to whack for a couple of hours .
tr	O	Her hero wanted to leave her heroine , and she couldn 't allow that .
tr	O	" Stir the stick in the cider sir , " she said .
tr	C	" Her contributions have been good . "
tr	O	That in itself wasn 't so bad , but Melvin also gave me a stack of receipts to organize too .
tr	O	If I was high as a kite , I would find all this amusing , too .
tr	O	Becoming the Essence is difficult for one raised for it , and you did not have any warning or preparation .
tr	C	She moved to him , grating on the edge of the bed .
tr	C	Rick was blossoming from the encounter with The Professor , so he called his number again .
tr	O	" It was dark , and there was snow everywhere , but ... " Jesse 's gaze drifts over the field , his eyes blinking rapidly .
tr	O	Still , I felt unmistakably homesick .
tr	C	A waltz over the possession of the book ?
tr	O	" Yes , but your name was attached to it , so I thought I 'd swing by and appease the one who sent it .
tr	O	And I hide Adria there , in the pitch darkness of the cave , behind a recess in the stone just spacious enough to fit her body .
tr	O	He was rubbing his thumb and finger together , sucking on his lip and gazing into nowhere as he meditated on his thoughts .
tr	O	" Yeah , and yours happened to coincide with your return from the Caymans with Kayla Jones .
tr	O	" I 'm not a supervisor , " Hoppy said .
tr	C	The boy 's mouth dropped open , and his cadets fell to the ground .
tr	O	A private detective would be friendly with the police , and my mother 's boyfriends were usually on parole .
tr	C	He rejoined the CB from the dashboard and handed it to me without taking his eyes off the road .
tr	C	He pulled into the rest area to freshen up a little before he went to the tourniquet .
tr	C	Sean didn 't have to govern his interest .
tr	O	We would eat something for our stomach and with the remaining of the money we had left after spending during the recess .
tr	C	ERC chatter led to Riko and Kevin 's violent henchmen .
tr	O	As she spoke , a prickle of fear crawled across my neck .
tr	O	" Katherine , she won 't , that is to say she won 't ... " " Marry you ? "
tr	O	" You went to the saloon , " Garrett said , trying to digest that information .
tr	C	The cyborgs and Cowboys were already working together to build emergency living facilities for the sidelines , and they were already making great progress .
tr	C	If he confessed that to her and she turned from him in stamina or indifference it would cut him to his soul .
tr	C	" To move people and plant to higher ground before the winters , " she said .
tr	O	There was blood and puke on Matt 's hands , but he made himself turn to Cole .
tr	C	The boy was right , at the end of training at the murals , they would certainly be separated .
tr	C	I stared into Melissa 's blue eyes as I crested the living room .
tr	O	The glow from the streetlight showed tears glinting in her eyes .
tr	O	" I suggest you get some grief counseling , " the woman added , a touch of lecturing in her voice .
tr	O	Zelda protects the Sage of Light .
tr	C	He 'd never acquired an American slang .
tr	C	He was wearing one of those gray tunics . "
tr	C	Her quest to learn more about Ethan and refresh her crush had worked .
tr	O	After some time we decided to help the most intelligent branches to flourish over the earlier species with whom they competed for the planet 's few materials .
tr	O	The bulbs are pressing against the fabric of my gloves as I look at the woman , watch her confused aura shiver .
tr	C	Heat unfurled his cheeks .
tr	C	It 's never been any secret , and no matter how strongly I sustained him , it kept growing stronger .
tr	O	* The smell of blood mingled with the salty aroma of bacon , filling the small bar area , hanging in the air like a harsh rebuke .
tr	C	It conditioned us in like animals .
tr	C	My eyes were starting to ache and it sounded like more handguns were rolling in .
tr	C	I didn 't want to face you - you 're the carton of goodness .
tr	O	Small children were entranced and wanted to see it up close , or grab it , or wear it themselves .
tr	C	Daniela pouted , posting closer to him .
tr	C	In some ways , it was a lot like my taunts with healing .
tr	O	Izzy was scrunched down and was using my chest as her headrest .
tr	O	Relief shouldn 't have bubbled up in her that she had something on the supermodel who had previously graced his kitchen .
tr	C	All of the associates were there , as well as most of the partners and a few of the gashes .
tr	C	I watch trains go by for a while then ask , " Where are we going ? "
tr	O	This son of a bitch has always been a troublemaker . "
tr	C	Blood spewed from his wound in a thick geyser .
tr	O	You get sore muscles to tell you to stop exercising .
tr	C	The tips of his hair were bleached and devised together , sticking up with an air of confidence .
tr	C	The dinosaur or the - " " The boarding school . "
tr	C	" If you wouldn 't mind making coffee and getting the other mages up in about an hour , that would be great .
tr	O	One of them went under her wheels and made the truck bounce with a sickening crunch as its exoskeleton collapsed under the wheel .
tr	C	The first pieces of equipment unloaded were the flaws which , as mentioned above , were " inflated " when activated by the power rods .
tr	O	I threw myself into the chaise that was to convey me away and indulged in the most melancholy reflections .
tr	C	" You can read the whole history of the bazaar , of the dealer and the customer , behind that freckle , " he said .
tr	O	Taking his gaze from the window and fastening it on me , he added darkly , " I do not like to lose , Stefan . "
tr	O	The chains merely accentuated what was already there , what had been simmering between them from that first kiss in the foyer of the Ocean Club .
tr	C	Genius was not always in overcoming the risks one up but in understanding and managing them well .
tr	C	" You understand how we inhabited here ? "
tr	O	It was an ill omen , he thought , a belief that was reinforced when he saw the gate was shut tight .
tr	C	Our purpose is to guard the secret and recount its terms at the appropriate time .
tr	O	Chester noticed his two hostages at last and extended an arm in their direction .
tr	O	A salvo of gunfire erupted , peppering the water , pinging his back end .
tr	O	She rolls her eyes as she struts towards me , the floorboards creaking below her feet .
tr	C	It had another mouth on the lower half of its face as well , fanged with dripping passageways .
tr	O	Pari passed back our quiz .
tr	O	Larue had stopped sweeping the floor and Bebo stood with his clippers poised above the boy 's head .
tr	C	He turned back to pump the artifacts , sweat trickling down his bare back .
tr	C	The boys sat in the back saying nothing to each other for fear of another outbreak from Lauren or annoying Kim .
tr	C	Jacob met the other werewolf 's attack submarine .
tr	O	I 'm so wet for him my body has melted into liquid heat , my mind shutting down at the sheer pleasure of his penetration .
tr	O	" That 's a particularly attractive blue outfit daughter , but I fear they accidentally left part of it on the seamstress 's table . "
tr	O	He didn 't explain but he wasn 't surprised she remembered his preference .
tr	C	All of my power , everything that made me an ox , moved with me .
tr	O	Rayford had only seen Noah on an anonymous visit to Liverpool 's distribution centre , where the man had been stationed .
tr	O	What kind of woman encourages her husband to be weak ? '
tr	O	Some vampires , very old vampires , could teleport .
tr	C	I was just dangling for my life and now we 're in a cave that vibrates in the face of gravity , but here I am .
tr	O	I stayed there for a couple of minutes and came out , still struggling with the shackles on .
tr	O	When his wife got home , she saw the robber leaving with the possessions .
tr	O	Now he didn 't have the strength for subterfuge .
tr	C	" Oh , whoa . "
tr	O	" The hunters have united .
tr	O	So much so that on the Sunday he paid a visit to one of his less reputable acquaintances , a Mr Perry Smith .
tr	C	He went through his pack , imploring as he went .
tr	O	We hasten into the room before something can go wrong , and the door slides closed behind us .
tr	C	And I brought some necessities that were lying around , in case the library can use them . "
tr	C	" You 've already been provided with your own room , " the downpour continued .
tr	C	The dampener had cleared the mirroring software that normally protected me .
tr	C	The one who was bribing you . "
tr	C	" You are an expert craftsmanship , Marcus .
tr	C	The enhancement thing to do was exactly what Emma was doing now .
tr	O	In love there are no exceptions to those rules .
tr	O	He had decided there and then to get rid of the zealot that day , but he had failed , and he really hated failure .
tr	C	You could probably have fried eggs on my vocabulary .
tr	O	" Wolf hybrids ? "
tr	O	His eyes were rolling back in his head as he convulsed .
tr	C	But it 's a good broccoli .
tr	C	They slid behind and under boulders and within barely surviving sentries .
tr	C	Senator Warren sat in the first row surrounded by U.S. and state governments .
tr	C	If you don 't mind hanging out with a bunch of labs playing Dungeons and Dragons . "
tr	C	So off went the cathedral of Lupo 's stone soldiers to join the final battle .
tr	O	Night began to creep into the forest , dimming the world around us .
tr	C	Andrew used to be good at cutting out kidnappers , too .
tr	C	Unlike a certain other individual I could think of , who 'd done his best to entice me at every turn .
tr	C	I didn 't mind being bait if it authorized me Pierce , not even a little bit .
tr	O	He pulls the car over again and parks .
tr	C	Keep movin ' the community folk to get as many people on his side as possible .
tr	O	Angelo chuckles , " I always enjoy working with new captains , so eager to get themselves killed . "
tr	O	He looked at his wristwatch .
tr	C	Amjad 's deputies did nothing to dispel Rashid 's despair .
tr	C	" It is best if we do not thrive . "
tr	C	The thought of fire spouting the centuries-old books and scrolls sent a shiver through him .
tr	O	Ty tried to sit up , but Liam put a hand on his sternum and shoved him back to the mattress .
tr	C	" Well I don 't think I could ever get used to this Victorian chimney . "
tr	C	What I did not know was that the private clubs in London were immune to mediocrity .
tr	O	None of the screens had shown when I ambushed the first guard , and none of them showed him handcuffed to a tree .
tr	O	She could see the patrons smiling and laughing , socializing as they admired the artwork , comfortable in their surroundings , while Haven was anything but .
tr	O	The furrowed landscape falls away into immense distances , curves at the edges , becomes a fingertip .
tr	C	I reached resolution and slid into my seat next to Allison just as the second bell rang .
tr	C	Holding a collapsed glacier like a walking stick , she wore a dark blue serge traveling dress .
tr	O	" I never could abide incompetence . "
tr	C	Down hunting clothes weren 't universally available , and the idea of racking up in a sleeping bag to ease the suffering lay years in the future .
tr	C	My daddy buys all the time . "
tr	C	" You 've taught me that you will always be concerned with next steps and appearances , with strategy and recordings .
tr	O	" A dreamer is always a child .
tr	O	But the rest of the tribe was egging him on .
tr	O	Her fingers fumbled with the once familiar task of slipping pliable leather through buckles .
tr	O	To be frank with you , I couldn 't give a fig about anyone else . '
tr	O	They were guarded by a dozen tigers , already aware of our presence .
tr	C	The new Mahayana concept of the Buddha paved the way for instances such as divine grace and ongoing revelation that are nowhere to be found in Theravada .
tr	O	She shook with nervous laughter , the sound tinkling over his ears like little silver bells .
tr	O	Semple wasn 't likely to take advice from a man like him , and none of the settlers would , either .
tr	O	If you looked directly at the walls , you saw nothing but dark moss and lichen and pitted stone .
tr	C	Thank the Wyrd his father had left , because he was fairly certain the king would have tagged her for it .
tr	C	" But it 's not a waltz , you know .
tr	C	" Our coin will go a long way in this land , " Max said , obviously pleased with the outcomes of his barbarians .
tr	O	My knee , my bum , my head .
tr	O	" I promised you a set of keys and an introduction , " he said and started to rummage through the drawer .
tr	O	" So we 've got two factions .
tr	C	The three of them shoved the sighting into the water .
tr	O	A smuggler with a bus that runs on steam offered to take us to his city .
tr	O	It was one thing to fantasize about him .
tr	O	And if you haven 't smelled the sweet olives , it 's time to do it now ! "
tr	O	' Ah , like nectar , drink of the gods . '
tr	O	" Delighted to see you , " repeated Wither .
tr	C	The bronze dragon head tucked tight against a thick , curving neck stared down at him , its green glass eyes glittering eerily in the rodent .
tr	O	No , what I really should have done was get out of the hammock after the movie .
tr	O	Even at the reception on the Garrison estate , he couldn 't take his eyes off her as she stood on the veranda talking to her sisters-in-law .
tr	C	I roll my eyes and boar back against my seat , then fold my arms across my chest .
tr	C	" So , economically , the goats are not great when the plaintiff dies .
tr	C	" I 'm restoring the suspense . "
tr	O	His arm was lightly muscled and downed with golden hairs fine as pollen .
tr	O	He relied on voices and their clothing to tell them apart .
tr	C	And for years and years , Katie had kept her windpipe to herself .
tr	C	" But one night after a representative , I went to use the bathroom .
tr	O	I always strive for perfection . "
tr	O	That 's my woman , the walking arsenal . "
tr	O	When I arrived at the bookstore , Dara was dusting the shelves , and I found Tom working on spreadsheets at the front counter .
tr	C	Two women fainted , amid howls of terror .
tr	C	Life is a freaking mind game and you and I are the futures .
tr	C	I 'd never been comfortable with those kinds of tests since discovering I had elven blood .
tr	O	" I 'm not a hugger , Ellie .
tr	O	I 'll have to remember that the next time he 's reaming me out for one of my many shortcomings . "
tr	O	The camels charged , yelling their blood-curdling battle cry , WHY ME ? .
tr	C	But the marque has me stumped .
tr	O	If you cannot build A world of wonder with a piece of chalk , You 'll never conjure it with weighty words Of ancient wizards either .
tr	O	I didn 't know what to expect and , being a planner all the way , I didn 't like the feeling one bit .
tr	O	Finally the bus arrived and they were whisked back into town .
tr	O	I did take two of his donuts .
tr	C	Confronted with extortionate fees at the toll posts , it was inevitable that some of the laborers would turn violent .
tr	O	He looked at the disappearing horse , and then at the sheds , and then at the other men .
tr	O	From somewhere behind me comes the doc 's voice , cool , no longer even pretending to be amused by these antics .
tr	O	A bitter memento from the one time in my life that I ever fell sick .
tr	C	We concocted a proper attack distance from the target coordinates .
tr	O	This went on for a while and once the discussion required a little help from a textbook , I stood up to get one from the shelves .
tr	O	I set down a bag of flour and move to examine the package .
tr	O	She fretted that William would tell his mother that she had left without his permission .
tr	O	The class burned more calories and was good for self-defense .
tr	C	We go to his room and disobey him .
tr	C	I will put on a jock spread that will make your mouth water just looking at it . "
tr	C	The way she loved him motivated him and lifted him at the same time .
tr	C	This had some of the same longings , but with some major changes .
tr	C	We 're all aware of a famous criminal trial where the DNA evidence was supposedly resided .
tr	O	" Chris , before I can reboot I need to ask the security questions , " the technician said , on the verge of panic .
tr	C	I couldn 't help but grieve with horror at Olivier 's injuries .
tr	C	Scientists , spies and undies in Weapons of Mass Destruction have died rather conveniently , or have apparently taken their own lives .
tr	C	Her heel connected with his upper lip , reliving a solid hit and sending his head into the desk one more time .
tr	C	" Nita and the finer people are taking the fall .
tr	O	We drove home in silence the next morning , the tension intensifying with each mile .
tr	C	The swordsmen readied itself and would fall off .
tr	C	I stood frozen on the spot , clutching my rucksack to stop the tightening .
tr	C	" George , I need to come up with a name for the gong .
tr	C	I could scarce believe the lack of fleece between them .
tr	O	The civility shown by the Director to him was not at all unexpected .
tr	O	Her entire body started to tremble , and Kara felt like she was being incinerated .
tr	C	The labs are dead . "
tr	O	It wasn 't long before a figure entered the clearing from the northwest , dismounting swiftly and with purpose .
tr	C	she called out , prompting her neck to see him .
tr	O	He looked toward his vineyards .
tr	C	She pouted and he bet that worked on all the males , human and dragon , who had fetched her bed .
tr	C	The trees rose up like giant stick figures , branches reaching out , slowly unfolding leaves as the season changed .
tr	O	Camp counselors weren 't allowed to injure their charges , were they ?
tr	O	Her shoulders jerked and she dropped the plates into the dishwasher with a crash .
tr	C	The defendant is palpable , " joked Yusuf .
tr	C	Ashe appeared inside the school diploma , and then slid down the wall , his fingers gripping his hair in grief and dismay .
tr	C	A disbelieving smile drawn out of the young woman 's face and let herself fell into the dark pit that awaits her .
tr	O	My dad would kill me if he could hear my inner monologue .
tr	C	Three of the other users helped Meg in stilling Caitlin .
tr	O	You were a lady of the bedchamber , someone she trusted .
tr	O	At one time we separated one set of these twins and offered one a chocolate biscuit .
tr	O	" And you think eel will be more of a turn-on ? "
tr	C	Jake obeyed , not out of nicotine but out of a steely sense of horror .
tr	O	A friend of the family , she 'd seemed ideal camouflage while he worked out how to get past the barriers Kim had raised .
tr	C	He dabs his chin across the street .
tr	C	He massages his finger at me .
tr	O	Phillip Kincaid , walking into my gin joint all by his lonesome .
tr	O	" The heart - " He never mentioned the anomalous lobe of the lung .
tr	O	On the way to the embassy , a truckload of newbies pulled in .
tr	O	The carpeting was thick and white and there were two large white chairs with a dark wood coffee table in front of them .
tr	O	Since we 'd finally made it up to the gaping cashier , Josie lifted onto her tiptoes and moved her mouth to my ear .
tr	C	For once , the blond oaf is speechless .
tr	O	My mom -- the peacemaker .
tr	O	" When he called you from the jail and asked you to show leniency , to intervene on his behalf with the prosecutor ? "
tr	C	I 'll bet she 's a lagoon , even if she is old enough to be my mother . "
tr	O	The clouded sky and sun sprinkling through the clouds gave Cian 's family the power they needed .
tr	O	She had attained the height of her date .
tr	O	When I got no response to my assertion from my best friend , I continued .
tr	O	They say it is supernatural , perhaps a visitation by the Devil , or some great religious event .
tr	C	Probably the error was made by the nobility .
tr	C	" I 'm her husband , " Aidan said , but the middle-aged doctor was obtained .
tr	O	Even worse , I felt as though I might sneeze .
tr	C	It 'll give us a bit of a cult . "
tr	O	I down the concoction without even looking to see what it was .
tr	O	" Blah , blah , blah ! "
tr	C	She could award us and tell her story like a cab driver finally getting her due .
tr	C	Why else would no one have challenged the collision ?
tr	C	Cole had never been the fastest runner , but he was a confident adviser .
tr	O	Francesca tears open the envelope , and removes a small slip of paper .
tr	O	" Good-bye , Toni .
tr	C	I gasped when he refocused on me .
tr	O	Rachel was not comfortable with the decision but felt she had to hide her dissatisfaction .
tr	O	Fetching his gravy tub from his parka he went to the kitchen and drank tap water whilst overlooking Liz 's back garden .
tr	C	Men don 't drive girls all over Essex without expecting certain rights and T-shirts , do they ? "
tr	O	Not that cowardice or betrayal is something we like to inculcate in our pupils , how you acted was wrong , but it is not unforgivable .
tr	O	My father could manage through it maybe , because he 's quantum physics .
tr	O	" I need you , Daddy , " Kara pled .
tr	C	The last time she 'd tried injecting him , he 'd howled with pain .
tr	O	" You made several lifetimes of domineering . "
tr	O	" Don 't worry about it , " she said , her merriment at his expense finally subsiding .
tr	C	Show up just in the carton of time to help the innocent victim .
tr	O	I crossed my arms , mimicking his stance .
tr	O	He had eluded them .
tr	O	What other talent can you boast of ? "
tr	O	" Neither could I until tonight , " Tammie sniffs .
tr	C	We would find stones , we vowed , so large that no one could ever disclose them , or would ever try .
tr	O	Morgan Enterprise 's investments plugged into fonts of power and influence generations of Kings could only fantasize about .
tr	C	He saw a copy of a newspaper clipping announcing , " Local Girl Wins Volunteer of the Year award . "
tr	O	" I was wondering if you 'd babysit the kitten for me tonight , Mark . "
tr	O	I felt like such a lowlife , but I was certain she was involved in the theft ring . "
tr	C	Clothes from Patch 's wardrobe had been dragged out and thrown like cowards .
tr	O	she asks the bishop .
tr	O	And still the woman droned on about the dress and 16th century Italy and how the fabric would have been dyed to reflect the royal colors .
tr	C	I realize that the mansions that I gave you may have been strange , but this colony is also a little different than the others .
tr	O	Rarely were incidents of enforcement required , and so the constable concentration over the entire zone was rather sparse .
tr	O	If his followers don 't act , he has goons and thugs who will . "
tr	O	The alien bogies cut through the air no problem with a quickness that went against the laws of physics .
tr	O	I fancied I could see the dried blood of the wolf still on it .
tr	C	Helmsley took a firm grip of the viscount 's extremities .
tr	O	So , I returned , at each step strengthening my resolve with the hope that all we be fine in the end .
tr	O	She hated sucking up to blowhards , but she 'd mastered the skill .
tr	C	Several nymphs and strays had shown interest in the bag in my hands .
tr	C	There was a famous tussle at the conquered nations , world leaders and foreign ministers brawling like common thugs in the grand Chamber of the UN .
tr	O	The grim eyed , fretful villagers gathered round the happy little foursome and muttered darkly about curses , possession , and worse .
tr	O	Nick expected some kind of smug response from the merman but heard only the wind beating against the cliffside .
tr	O	But once they reached the pavement , they had traction and lurched forward with greater power .
tr	C	He had never played a song as black before , and it tugged at his stockings even as it helped him .
tr	C	It had taken years for Dayne 's love for her to shimmy to the point that he could dispatch her lover without guilt .
tr	C	I passed many joggers and dog walkers and requirements .
tr	O	" And a burger , " Elizabeth said , her eyes brightening .
tr	C	The house was made of stone , like a balm .
tr	O	Only this time the prayer was to an eggplant , pointless and inefficient .
tr	C	" You look spectacular , " he said appreciatively , his eyes grunting my figure at least twice .
tr	O	I don 't want to invest unless I 'm certain they are reliable and cost efficient .
tr	O	Once he had finished he wrote a second draft , this time taking extra care to write smoother cursive .
tr	O	Chapter Fourteen Fight Scarlett moved in and out of unconsciousness , her vision wavered and her hearing lulled like she was floating on the ocean .
tr	O	Berwick strove to retract the insult .
tr	C	The sounds of archers were muffled by the thick walls of the laboratory , but distinct nevertheless .
tr	C	I should just drop everything including the bar , and bawl , he thought .
tr	C	She stayed entirely out of the quake though , letting her stores and their displays do the talking .
tr	O	" Including my mother 's ? "
tr	C	The Potomac River is the border now between incredulity and what passes for civilization these days .
tr	O	" They tell us about the health of the oceans with their bodies and their lives .
tr	O	He wasn 't comfortable admitting weakness , but better than having to get one of those contraptions held together by nuts and bolts .
tr	O	Almost like I wasn 't meant to know , but I can 't ... " Slipping off the desk , I brushed past Apollo .
tr	C	I glance over , looking for traffic as we inherit on the highway .
tr	O	" He lost some blood , so we did a quick transfusion after the healing .
tr	C	" I 'm not an armory , Madeline .
tr	C	Despite the traumatic last hours , she welcomed the distraction of thinking about someone else 's problems , citing concerns that didn 't involve a stalker ex-husband .
tr	O	His black eyes converted to their normal brown color and his power quickly fizzled out to normal levels .
tr	O	" No , I wish Ibarra to be briefed immediately . "
tr	O	Cold drizzle turned to pounding , piercing drops as we ran , sliding down a steep embankment , the ruins at our back .
tr	C	We can outlast this excursion . "
tr	O	Jared watched her for a brief moment , sensing the defeat of these people , the hopelessness .
tr	C	Suddenly it burst apart , fumes of dirt flying .
tr	C	The lenses in the monastery are not growing their vegetables with earth , water and sunshine .
tr	C	Along the wooden boardwalk , the aftermath of foot traffic around the stores could be seen .
tr	O	To my surprise , he didn 't seem in the least fazed by people seeing us together .
tr	O	I wanted to move closer , to smell the musk of the soap on his skin .
tr	C	Everything except for my publicist .
tr	O	Well it is quite something to behold .
tr	C	Never forget , " he digs , his appearance all but faded completely .
tr	O	It was thrilling to have her entire life to look forward to .
tr	C	" Positively , " I rejoined , vocalizing my frustration .
tr	C	He spit water at the snake , which hissed loudly in response , for the first time seducing a pair of slim , curved fangs .
tr	C	I was sick of it - sick of being scared of the accountant 's dick .
tr	O	There were thousands of men on the beach and from up on the cliff edge they all looked like ants , swarming around a nest .
tr	O	Colton gripped the armrests of his seat .
tr	C	Odds were pretty high that Jake was a direct descendent of Sylvester Jones , the snout of the Society .
tr	O	When Case got back , Alyssa explained the plan , minus the part about him potentially being a psychopath .
tr	C	You don 't need to manipulate me into obliging your carbon .
tr	O	There were other tokens of fond memories from my younger years in the form of earrings , bracelets , and rings .
tr	O	She flinches at the sound of my voice , but otherwise remains still .
tr	C	Fanny Mae had used the word " evacuation . "
tr	C	Their assessment of distance , size and tack was indecipherable due to the alien measurement system , but the vessels were getting closer in any units .
tr	C	" She was a pastry chef and she did her best to teach me . "
tr	O	There were now fifteen deputies in the group pursuing the boys across town .
tr	C	Why cherries and dragons ? "
tr	O	That dream had been cruelly torn away from Keeley , and the friendship that had meant so much to her had gone by the wayside .
tr	O	Over the next few days , Catherine and I import the files into the system that we currently utilize at Sanctuary .
tr	O	They looked as if they were trying to uproot themselves as they desperately tried to reach the sun .
tr	C	Ashe had detected the parentage a year before , using echolocation .
tr	C	Wednesday , March 26th 2014 This is it , loaf day .
tr	C	" Are you going to explain yourself , or sit there and injure all afternoon ? "
tr	C	CHAPTER 6 EDEN MANOR The rumor around town was that she 'd had a brain fart , but I knew better .
tr	O	Maybe there 's a plane we can hire here , or I can have one sent over from the mainland . "
tr	C	And what a lean-to he was .
tr	C	Dax is speculating on my bed , his hair still damp from his own shower , his long legs propped up on my footboard .
tr	O	" Are you arresting me ? "
tr	C	He can lengthen his own employees .
tr	O	" Do the other executives believe I slept with Rand to get this job ? "
tr	O	The jars I view display gold writing that glows as bright as the coals .
tr	O	A young widow , Anne Marie had adopted the girl after volunteering at a local grade school .
tr	C	Straw , chancellor , wood and hair allergens .
tr	C	" Let 's open the sled . "
tr	C	Like maybe you don 't hate skinny white hounds anymore . "
tr	O	I was having such a high old time of it because the drinks were mixed with warlock potions , addictive ones .
tr	O	" I meant the skunk , not your father .
tr	O	Her parted lips lured him closer .
tr	O	This was the twenty-first century , after all , and civility toward one 's neighbors , barring direct provocation , was the norm .
tr	O	The commission will have to unravel this puzzle and select a suitable tsar the people will accept . "
tr	C	Not only was he the Captain of the Ark II but he was also the leader of the Darwin Award .
tr	O	A cloudy form burst out of the bushes ; it pounced , cleaving a claw across the rib cage of their oncoming foe .
tr	C	She was never a flame burning with the raw force of a lesbian .
tr	O	A zombie lay on the floor of the small room , Charley and Jones were smashing its head in with their batons .
tr	O	So I planted it in Lone 's pigeonhole , as I knew that she would be able to unravel the patterns , find the names . "
tr	C	" Now you take the brothel , " Mr. Hall said .
tr	C	Welcomed by shipping traffic and the sight of dozens of large capital ships and very close to a hundred smaller craft just like his .
tr	O	His grip on my hair loosened as he took the shard I 'd stuck in his neck out with his free hand .
tr	O	I would merely be fulfilling my life 's role as loudly proclaimed by my body .
tr	C	I even quit using my Stone magic to diminish my skin .
tr	O	The moon silhouetted in lime , the temple Dark Fist .
tr	C	I 'm quitting , I know , but I can 't help myself .
tr	O	They did not see the synagogue or the sacred books .
tr	C	But if I take your check , I would be ' snug ' your money .
tr	C	I remembered the elections , and we didn 't look . '
tr	C	To supply this fictional creation with a life story may have been simply a sick joke , intended to declare an already mentally disturbed man .
tr	C	Even though I have been expecting the announcement , it sends a tinkle of fear down my spine .
tr	O	This one had runners instead of wheels .
tr	C	Very few come from a common place of origin ; they are from skulls scattered across the sky . "
tr	C	" I worked in a zoo , and one day I heard music coming from the compost .
tr	C	Which might give him enough time to appraise their relationship .
tr	O	He could hear voices , the anvil sound of sword strikes : two combatants , one of whom was unmistakably female .
tr	O	Persian , ancient Greek , and ancient Roman thought may well have been influenced by Hinduism .
tr	C	The greasy blond locks fell right back in front of his unshaven face .
tr	C	" You become a certificate for everything that happens , just because you don 't fit into the natural order . "
tr	C	Instead , he 'd been so blinded by his hatred and his need to make her suffer , he 'd taunted her about doubling over Nox .
tr	O	They quickly converge on the East Gym loft .
tr	C	The sentry stopped her .
tr	C	" Let me send word to Mother first so she can have a good doc .
tr	C	It was only after they reached the third floor , and she weaved her arm from his , that his mind started to clear .
tr	O	His dark hair was gleaming in what was left of the waning sunlight , and his eyes crinkled at the corners as he smiled .
tr	O	" She 's ... indisposed , " Mage answered cryptically .
tr	C	What a dinosaur . "
tr	O	I pushed the food away , the plate making a soft grating noise along the wood table .
tr	C	The troops are boarding the liberation , and the smaller ships are being loaded right now .
tr	C	She looked around the room for a weapon and spotted a small table littered with an abundance of objects glinting in the light of the fire .
tr	O	The worn trail was now cloaked in an ominous heaviness as if they were trespassing .
tr	C	I laughed , glad she could be flip about something that caused her periodic memorial , and took another look in the mirror .
tr	O	Only my lover and his adviser could find it again .
tr	O	Its frontage soared with straight edges and sharp right angles , topped with triangular eaves and carvings in the stone .
tr	O	Occasionally , ventilation registers in the ceiling marked his passage , but aside from that it was just one endless passageway .
tr	O	They have their own gourmet chef who cooks them delicious food .
tr	C	" Bite me , do , " he said , motioning to his visitors to come to the table .
tr	C	Now the spiel would need to be cleaned again , and I 'd have to find someone to refinish the table .
tr	O	" Their headaches ? "
tr	O	came the weak rejoinder .
tr	C	They talked you up before the beverage , " he says , shocking me .
tr	C	The grizzly bartender slid him a loaf of Guinness and he chugged half before he set the glass back down .
tr	C	The coals peered at her , as if waiting for her to do something .
tr	O	... the pale nakedness of flesh , so stark against a crimson pool of blood , the only sound his own panting .
tr	O	She must have taken her scrubs off for the last time .
tr	C	I did the same , reliving a little as I exited the car , but staying on my feet .
tr	C	The place had echoing high stockings , Brazilian cherry floors polished to a glossy shine , and Corinthian columns around the perimeter .
tr	O	You know whose jersey that is ? "
tr	O	He consoled himself with the thought that he really hadn 't had the opportunity to tell her anyway .
tr	O	Contracted for purposes of sex and companionship .
tr	C	I have you as my sanctum . '
tr	O	Most of the big gangland firms were represented .
tr	O	The brushes around our campsite are moving .
tr	O	And there he was ; the most handsome young man in Shakespeare , prom king , and thorn in my side , Bobo Winthrop .
tr	C	Apparently momma and American cigarettes were the principal commodities in question .
tr	O	Not even a warning bell or an apologetic ding .
tr	C	A tenant in Wheaton ( another DC suburb ) , with creaky Adirondacks in the living room and framed posters on the walls .
tr	O	He put his bubble pipe away , then started to wring his hands .
tr	O	But perhaps we can find the origin of these emails if we align our brains . "
tr	C	Maybe I was feeling lightheaded from lack of nutrition , because it 's the only explanation for the bold act I soon found myself tiring .
tr	C	Maybe I would have been able to use my Stone magic to devote my skin before he pulled the trigger .
tr	C	Francesca hands me the schooner .
tr	O	" I want to help finance it , Steve , " she said .
tr	O	He knew that he did it well and he usually got lots of praise for his performances .
tr	O	The vicious , ugly nature of malicious men , those without friends or relatives , those hungry for violence and depravity .
tr	C	She fumbles with a ring in her nose .
tr	O	" Straightening your hair is not going to help you blend into the crowd . "
tr	O	Some of the fierceness returned briefly to Anderson 's expression .
tr	C	He stared at each one , holding them inches from his nose , weakening each detail .
tr	O	One day you 'll be quoted all over the world .
tr	C	Every fledgling in the world was built in a facility like that one . "
tr	C	She jumped , turned , but Jax stood in the shadowed area between two notions .
tr	O	In a matter of a half hour , I was right back to being infatuated with him .
tr	C	Fortunately it hadn 't been approved for human mythology yet . "
tr	O	For centuries I 've waited for this meeting ; festering my hatred for what you did . "
tr	O	The wall behind the desk was covered with what looked like carpeting , dark gray with pink flecks to match the carpet on the floor .
tr	O	She 'd been baiting Shane for years , and he 'd been teasing her back .
tr	C	She told her friend about the fugitive girl comment and Charlie hooted with laughter .
tr	C	The master could simply be a patron who hated all trespassers .
tr	C	" It 's only right you hand over those permits . "
tr	C	" At the very least , I should ride in the onion , " Gareth said .
tr	C	But just at that moment , Cliff gestured to her to conjure him , since the young man was explaining yet another piece of equipment .
tr	C	There are advantages , but mostly predators eat meat , and preys eat plants .
tr	O	And her tastes eventually changed , tipping her in the direction of a more modernist repertoire .
tr	C	Haven passed the round depression and saw a flattened crab in the middle .
tr	O	He winks at me , and I feel the muscles around my eye contracting as he does , though I didn 't tell them to .
tr	O	A plump rat darted out from under the dumpster and headed into the weeds .
tr	O	" Pretty , " he said , leaning down and propping his chin on her shoulder .
tr	C	There was a snap in my limbs like the lazy vocabulary of a guitar , like when I 'm drunk .
tr	C	It also serves as the home of father 's court , where the King meets with all his important charities .
tr	O	Only now she noticed that his eyes were blindfolded .
tr	O	Guaranteed to outlive you .
tr	C	" They will release her after the takeover is depleted .
tr	O	The last of the fireflies left him , and blinked its way to sleep .
tr	O	He knows the place would blow up if I wasn 't around to keep Sheila from accidentally turning on the kitchen stoves . "
tr	C	The dirt it stood upon was just slumping with freshly planted grass .
tr	C	Bickel ripped them out , jacked in his own appendix , began installing the black box - white box circuitry .
tr	C	' Look at our fronts !
tr	C	" Uh , I 'm sorry , this isn 't the security adviser ... is it ? "
tr	O	To his right , he noticed a crew of workmen laying out their supplies to begin painting shutters and doors on the long row of tenements .
tr	C	This was the concierge .
tr	O	" Twelve dollars and nine cents . "
tr	C	Had she managed to reprimand him again ?
tr	O	So you can destroy my property , splash paint on my artwork , make me cold with your ethereal presence .
tr	O	And for our own protection , we have had to hide ourselves to avoid persecution . "
tr	C	Something happens afterwards that will tell Napoléon that his time in the intercept will not be long lived .
tr	C	Hearing her voice would only conclude his resolve .
tr	O	She stripped off her coat , called in her sparring stick , and began going through the warm-up moves .
tr	O	It pierced the dark , silent room like the very sound of it was raping the quiet .
tr	O	One KIA out of five hostages wasn 't excessive .
tr	C	The bartender set a matchmaker in front of me .
tr	O	She gave a quick curtsy .
tr	O	Maybe they wouldn 't notice the tree 's imperfections .
tr	O	Masahiro had read his essay to the class and said that " I lost my underwear thinking about this homework assignment . "
tr	C	It was soft and tightly knitted in thick grasses of nubby cream colored yarn .
tr	C	He gestured to the men to take seats , ignoring the intellect protesting that they belonged on another deck .
tr	O	Bloom was racking his brain for a way out of the jam they were in .
tr	C	No use in decorating the matter ; I was here for a whole month .
tr	C	Luckily the referees got there before things could convert .
tr	O	When Nolan finished , they were each given two minutes for a rebuttal .
tr	C	" It would be an absolute honor , " he brooded in his charming English accent .
tr	C	The man had been in and out of weaves for thirty years .
tr	O	It was then that the Prince saw the hollow in her chest and the stone lodged crudely in its crevice .
tr	C	She snatches away a few lingering tears .
tr	O	" Well , the truth is , there are other considerations . "
tr	C	He burst out laughing , throwing his head back to wallow in the moment .
tr	C	" I 'm calling to let you know I pitied you directions to the Summer Sail Away .
tr	C	One of the medics removed something from my arm and glanced at his fellow henchman .
tr	O	Thomas was not using his regular gait .
tr	O	" So why can 't we just forget all this and let me go dressed as a barmaid ? "
tr	C	But as he looked up into the branches he could see pink rugs scattered throughout .
tr	C	No one handles a gun in my store without direct contradiction .
tr	O	The inspector was still kicking the remains when a conductor entered his compartment .
tr	C	It was untouched by happenstance or rot .
tr	O	He walked to the bar and poured another bourbon .
tr	C	We are certainly acquiring a fine collection of ravines in this profession . "
tr	O	He found a CD stack and noted a theme - mostly mambo , salsa , and Latin jazz .
tr	O	If this be so , why should she care to retain the church 's business ? "
tr	C	Dmitri shouted for his brother as Nicolas was carried over the side of the clump .
tr	O	I 'll undertake this for you , but I 'll need proof . "
tr	C	Comedy is weakening and we need to evolve along with it , or be forgotten .
tr	O	Their lovemaking was wonderful and it felt so good to fall asleep just cuddling each other without a baby pushing in .
tr	O	She reported that his flat had been ransacked , torn apart , and my father was missing .
tr	O	At once lightning flashed , arcing through their bodies , through the chamber , sizzling and dancing and snapping .
tr	O	Because I 'm not wearing a skimpy G-string and stilettos , and my boobs aren 't half falling out of a leopard print bra ? "
tr	O	" Are you going to lose that rig when we 're hiking around tomorrow ? "
tr	C	If they arrive at their destination without incident , Vanessa and I will probably try similar clusters in the near future .
tr	C	Yet Nadia walked on , resonating through the deepening snow , until she reached Elizabeth 's house .
tr	O	I 'll have another venti , double , non-fat , soy , vanilla latte waiting for you ... extra hot , of course . "
tr	O	He was so fast that Hali saw only the backwards jerk of Murdoch 's chin , the blur of old Ferry 's elbow .
tr	O	Tucker collected the others , paid Vadim , then herded everyone onto the other boat .
tr	C	" I see ya ' brought back more than mages , " she said as she approached .
tr	O	Despite his generosity , I was desperate to escape George .
tr	O	Even on Halloween , she 'd been unable to rouse herself .
tr	C	We have a schedule we need to stick to , " Madam Uri snaps , instantly reducing the mood .
tr	O	He had his gun drawn and I could see now how it might be useful to have some firearm training .
tr	O	She was quite surprised at the accuracy of the theory .
tr	O	Your celebrity status might be news to me but not with any others in our database . "
tr	C	We were talking about ... uh , about - " " About the willow tree howls , " said Liz quietly .
tr	C	She smirked in a way I hate , while the object in her hand glowed brightly , changing into a human form -- a chimney 's weapon .
tr	C	He pivoted and pounced on the attorney .
tr	C	I imagined Joseph would laugh at my awkwardness , my superiors about people seeing me with my shirt up .
tr	C	I roll my eyes at this Keepers behind the bar .
tr	C	Its ability to delude its shape and size meant nobody objected to whichever pet they chose to disguise it as .
tr	O	" I 'm sure I can feel me bowels moving . "
tr	C	At first her inability -- or hassle -- to name the time would disappoint them , sadden them , even anger them .
tr	C	His plan to put Dario in his place would require unity , precision , and maybe a little danger .
tr	O	She was wearing thin slippers , and she felt every pebble and crack in the rocks .
tr	O	" When Big Harry asks for coke , he gets coke !
tr	O	He smiles again , almost leering .
tr	C	" You 'd risk the wrath of your uncles for her ? "
tr	C	His warm biscuit against her was the only thing keeping her from flying apart .
tr	O	In his shower , beside his shampoo , he 'd surprised her one night when she woke up with her own bottles of shampoo and conditioner .
tr	O	As he shoved his toothbrush into the suitcase , he was suddenly seized by another thought .
tr	O	Not wanting to take risks , Tania preferred to keep her rhythm and kept throwing jabs at Lea .
tr	O	I nodded , feeling tears slide onto the pillowcase .
tr	O	" I can 't get you out right now , not with the Tower fluttery as a yard full of hens when the fox is about .
tr	O	The old man cackled .
tr	O	They have the manpower and good communications with other agencies .
tr	O	Aren 't you worried that our competitors will steal the good employees away ? "
tr	C	I 'd hoped that the companionship would point us in another direction and not confirm what I. . .
tr	O	I told you I 'm not a mole .
tr	O	Radiation monitor badges and breather mask topped off their ensemble .
tr	O	" In the sixties , it was free love , then in the seventies came women 's lib .
tr	O	His grin faded , however , as the problem again came to the fore .
tr	O	I guess when I condense everything down into a few words -- " " No , really , " Nori said , finishing off his bagel .
tr	C	" Harland St. Denis was a man of import .
tr	O	" Were you as educated as you claim , I doubt you 'd lend such credence to myths and fairy stories . "
tr	O	The chime from my phone interrupted our moment .
tr	C	A young woman sat in a chair beside an essay .
tr	O	They fastened windows and latches , for winds of up to 30 miles per hour had been predicted .
tr	O	" I 'm parched . "
tr	C	" And the buyers are frightened for you .
tr	O	I told him what you said about quitting . "
tr	O	" Draw a plan .
tr	C	Ignoring Carlos , Steven scooted his seat closer to mine and drew my attention to an essay on his lap .
tr	O	As a child she used to get horrible migraines , pretty close to the severity of this headache .
tr	O	You should send flowers to whoever paired you up . "
tr	O	The Fat Man was spoiling down below .
tr	O	" So I will get to testify against them ? "
tr	C	Davion re-entered , convulsing .
tr	C	It often results from the bacterial breakdown of organic matter in the absence of oxygen , such as in sewers and slashes .
tr	C	" Some long Latin words I could never hope to plow again . "
tr	C	Grabbing a bottle of Vodka from inside , he returned to the chair and half-filled a wristwatch .
tr	C	Behind the counter lay hangars and hunting rifles on racks .
tr	O	I thought I 'd be revved , pumped , with some good , healthy fear mixed in .
tr	O	The senators and congressmen thought the burden of having to pay for education was going to be lifted from off them .
tr	C	Just show your judgments . "
tr	O	" I was sixteen , in high school and wild as a boar .
tr	C	I hugged Rhett , too , before he trotted off to collect the collateral .
tr	C	Avalon was an innocent victim of the crimes I had decreed .
tr	C	Light again shone down from various qualifications and windows .
tr	O	The church needs a pastor .
tr	C	The moon was only a skunk , and waning , but the stars were bright in the thin desert air .
tr	C	Chives strode over and picked up the beverage by the delicate teacup .
tr	C	Albeit one of the ranting kind .
tr	C	For a moment he wondered if they were in some kind of infantry , but no .
tr	O	Tessa sat down on the edge of the bed and careful y touched Jessamine 's hair , stroking the snarls lightly .
tr	O	With shaking hands , I fish out a bottle of Cabernet from the stockpile .
tr	C	" Don 't you have a ruckus ? "
tr	O	" Delivering the news on my wedding day that you were derelict in filing our annulment papers . "
tr	O	I 'll be dammed if I 'll have a hussy living in my house . "
tr	C	With faith that this man would accept and squash all her dreams as his own , Kathleen shared her heartfelt wish .
tr	O	During his time working in the rearmost trailers searching for fixable technology , he had noticed that there were always one or two hatches in the floor .
tr	O	When I groped behind me I found it had again adhered to the underlying tape .
tr	O	There 's an art to traversing a room full of dancing people .
tr	C	Gray carried the crinkle that Robert had given him .
tr	C	I want to know each word , each knuckle , verbatim , and I dare you to say exact words aren 't important .
tr	O	He scolds me as he helps me into the BMW .
tr	C	" Who is sponsoring her endearment ? "
tr	C	Her ash blond hair fell straight to just above her jawline , the bangs draping down to partially obscure one eye .
tr	O	" By all means , and please give him my condolences .
tr	C	She was nominated for this fight , ready for it , determined to win .
tr	C	They fear the losses such a struggle would waken .
tr	O	Though she likely hurt her own hand more than him for the supposed offence , she secretly liked it when he called her ' punk ' .
tr	C	I closed my eyes and for a moment soaked up the delicious fragrance of the heady notions .
tr	O	Decided to do my PhD . "
tr	C	First , Sebastian was looking great with his chilly , bright green shirt with blue rabbits and simple jeans .
tr	O	I found some secure footing just outside the water flowing through the waterway .
tr	C	I want to overdo it .
tr	C	That the anteroom just picked a random house and rigged their car to explode ? '
tr	O	Water boiled and generators turned .
tr	O	The two goons from the market came just inside the doorway .
tr	O	Oh , the management had schemes , sir .
tr	C	Brick considered the merits of a fire blanket and how long a Search you could manage beneath it .
tr	O	Her body crumpled to the floor , a halo of blood forming around her disfigured head .
tr	O	Don 't screw up this stupid will clause because of me .
tr	O	He scratches his head and messes his hair even more , while I fight the urge to put my fingers in it .
tr	O	We 're both cowards . "
tr	C	Gabe Bowman ... " " Gabe Bowman , the unity of Dynamic Integrity ? "
tr	C	Ko spat out a few more curse words and then ordered , " Parts !
tr	O	Are you the one behind terminating the program ? "
tr	C	She stared and breathed , and slowly her mother 's companionship faded to a dull blob of sounds .
tr	O	A line of broken stalactites marked the vessel 's passage this far into these narrows .
tr	C	Izzie had the appearance of a workaholic with a Goth edge .
tr	C	They couldn 't get any pertinent data , shielded as Whitney was , but the heavy jostling waves of guilt were always broadcast loudly .
tr	C	He 's showering you ! "
tr	O	It wasn 't much of a drop in the river , but barge traffic demanded such controls at long intervals on this part of the Meuse .
tr	C	' Die you of home , eh ? '
tr	O	The cortical implant maintained a steady-state level of stimulation , tailored to each child 's ability .
tr	C	It hung naked from an electrical cord that supported a prophet of spider webs .
tr	C	Jace set the container down and thoughtfully licked spaghetti sauce off his steward .
tr	O	He wasn 't very comfortable with the notion of having alien helpers in the upcoming war .
tr	C	Bob had felt sure that another look at the photos of the pathetic pre-pubescent Thai girl would bring the young steward back into line .
tr	C	Reality came swooping in as her eyelids fluttered open .
tr	O	He grabbed his soccer ball and cleats , knocking over a glass of water on his nightstand , and stuffed them into his pack .
tr	O	" But to think the little devil should spend the day in the woods with my gardener , the heartless little hussy . "
tr	O	This did not cause a torrent of pleasant bathtime accompaniment , however .
tr	O	" Are there any plays that might intrigue a fifteen-year-old girl ? "
tr	O	" Yes , " I squealed when I located the entrance , it looked like an ordinary panel wall with a keypad attached .
tr	C	My heart felt like it was ringed with a large dose of caffeine .
tr	O	And if anything had happened to the guardians of the Vault then it alone might be the last chance to reseal it permanently .
tr	O	If you decide to take up the risk , we 'll leave for Headquarters together .
tr	O	There was just no way Zoe could ever compete with her for his true affections .
tr	C	By its light , I crossed to the door and felt it , like those distances when I was little said you were supposed to do .
tr	C	Somewhere ahead a boat was wobbling along the bank , feeling its way gingerly in the dark .
tr	O	[ back to top ] Preview of the World of the Unknowns : The Rescue .
tr	C	" She is courting , " Persephone said anxiously .
tr	C	If that was the case , she would now try to soothe Jordan with some form of tender , feminine breezes .
tr	C	He was so close that I could smell the subtle notes of his cologne : cleanup and wood with a hint of leather .
tr	C	Whitlock pulled her pad from the pocket and retraced the pen .
tr	O	He sighed , pinching the bridge of his nose with two fingers .
tr	C	The image taunted me ... floated inside my mind like a dream , a posse .
tr	C	" A few hours later , I was sabotaging the hallway when I met David for the first time .
tr	C	One has to go beyond the conventional cooker and delve more deeply into the teachings themselves .
tr	C	I knew what he alluded to without him having to inflict the question .
tr	C	He started looking around for someone , maybe he could just drink a little bit of some drunken sod .
tr	C	Tessa followed with some retribution .
tr	O	" It 's a royal tradition in all huge occasions , playing the anthem to herald the beginning of ceremonies .
tr	C	He nodded , then dropped his head and honked the hollow of her throat .
tr	C	Myrtle squealed like a stitch .
tr	O	" My father died trying to stop the pollution of the Golden Vine Throne .
tr	O	Is this all a revolution needed , a computer virus and a couple of phone calls ?
tr	C	" Be careful , " he said as she shut the door and headed for the cathedral .
tr	C	Hank screamed before venturing outside and off the porch .
tr	O	" We 've got tons of Barbies ... " Robert turned away , dodging carts and small humans as he made his way out of the store .
tr	O	" Protect me ? "
tr	C	She is the perfect model of a high school classmate .
tr	O	The road from the border to Newcastle has been fortified with crude earthworks and even has a few cannons set up .
tr	O	We passed a gift shop selling bouquets of flowers arranged in crystal vases .
tr	C	Turning around , she drove back into town , doubling her route to get home .
tr	C	It 's Fierce , that new companionship that 's opening up this weekend . "
tr	O	She and Captain Cook then conferred only briefly before the order was given to hoist the anchor and raise the sails .
tr	O	He likes to keep things in neat categories . "
tr	O	I asked , running my hand over the antique pine gem .
tr	O	Eli yelled standing in a thicket of trees .
tr	C	" Then why are you playing grown-up now ?
tr	C	Again he opened his eyes and tried to defuse them to the light as his vision began to clear .
tr	O	" Tonight he was heartbroken over a little prostitute with cute eyes .
tr	O	Dollop was considerably older than his peer but immediately saw something of his younger self in the henchman .
tr	C	Julie lets her eyes auger into me for a long minute , then she unfolds .
tr	C	The tiny Jewish state , surrounded as it was by Arab merchants , was understandably nervous about the shift in power .
tr	C	But ... " " My momma won 't tell me the details .
tr	O	" That is one big bird , " Jayden noted as he gauged the bird to be about a meter long .
tr	O	I felt a wet , oily substance on my hands , and glanced down to see my arms up to my bare elbows were covered in sunscreen .
tr	C	Ryder explained , " Chase directs this place as often as he can .
tr	O	Other caravans were already encamped .
tr	O	You immediately started doing the breathing exercises I was supposed to do until I thought you were about to hyperventilate . "
tr	C	Each chants the words they see again and again , an inventor to ward off evil .
tr	O	the cabby asked , and started to drive out of the station .
tr	O	There 's a beanie on the chair , which I slip on .
tr	O	When the jangling noise had ceased there followed a silence so long , and so chilly , that Jane began to wonder whether the house were inhabited .
tr	O	Reg the hippy looked offended ; the unnamed businessman had been broken out of his boredom and sat there in astonishment .
tr	C	The electricity flutters in rhythm , as the thunder rattles throughout the science building like a thousand angry defendants .
tr	C	The yellow orb of light from her Cadillac gleamed off the surface of a puddle .
tr	O	Now they were in a room that most definitely still somewhere inside the cave dwellings that she had been walking through the last hour .
tr	C	" Bout fifty thousand more , " she said without hesitation .
tr	C	There was no path to follow and they were stumbling through the woods like two lost waffles .
tr	O	His discomfort vanished in an instant and he went back to his gloating .
tr	C	States is the most powerful City in the world ; one that has vinegar over everything .
tr	C	Although we do not have your phlegm , we have a history that spans thousands of years , many tales for the telling and many songs .
tr	O	" Ooh , " I said , mocking his melodrama .
tr	O	After an hour even the teenage chatter began to diminish .
tr	O	" Don 't tell me I 'm cramping your social life ? "
tr	C	Had he been floating in space for thousands of years before he was picked up by the evacuation ?
tr	C	We veered off the highway and back onto the rough desert sands , weaving around clusters and bouncing over large rocks .
tr	C	Stacy was too busy downing her ashtray and Coke .
tr	C	The band played on as monks bustled about the room , depositing cake and ice cream at the various place settings .
tr	C	And she became so wrapped up in it that her life was dampened by it .
tr	C	It seems that there is a serious attempt underway for the throne of this kingdom , and we both know that this jeopardizes both of our Primes .
tr	C	" Can 't you just print some money and give it to them as payback for their troubles ? "
tr	O	Thus in the 70 's and 80 's the Lake had a serious problem as far as algae was concerned .
tr	C	" His Lordship said that I had no right to put a clump upon my shield .
tr	O	Loki turned his attention to the sculpture .
tr	C	He was veiled by his loyalty but it wasn 't as if he could change it .
tr	C	He watched the drops hit the concrete ; impetus , and he thanked God that he could still see .
tr	O	The lack of sales had not stopped a few desperate homeowners from listing their properties with Spaulding Properties .
tr	C	It was then that she exchanged her maiden name for her husband 's authenticity , which was none at all .
tr	C	Ducking below the dash and steering the Honda is not easy in any ones book and the car explodes into yet another car .
tr	C	Kirk continued , still droning on his paper .
tr	O	He 'd undressed near the stove , boots , coat , and cravat coming off impatiently , shirt following them to the floor .
tr	O	" Ok , enough of the pleasantries , guys .
tr	C	" Looks like we get to have a lightsaber .
tr	O	But that night it was raining two hundred miles away in St. Louis , and the game had been canceled .
tr	C	" The ibuprofen doesn 't work , and that does have to change things . "
tr	O	None of any of his coworkers here in Boston , past or present .
tr	C	Reyes couldn 't allow the Hunters to see what was going on , so he used the last of his strength to accentuate the wires .
tr	O	Royce studied her in silence , unable to get her revelations out of his mind , feeling the need to say something encouraging about her plight .
tr	O	Jared called it plywood , and it was her job to get it from the fence to the tree .
tr	O	He avoided eye contact with me as he scurried on about his business , ignoring me and my plight trying to find Kara .
tr	C	She hops to her feet and dusts the sand off her black pants .
tr	O	" None , perhaps , but wouldn 't you like to know if he can reproduce ?
tr	O	Lacy , feeling like she had just taken the first step toward parenting her parent , was glad for the distraction of setting the table .
tr	O	I started to close my bedroom door when Nightmare began to follow me .
tr	C	Our winters were behind us , but not the flames .
tr	O	She had been overjoyed when the transition period ended and he was able to leave work every night to be with her .
tr	C	Gruber nodded and walked toward the booty .
tr	O	He could still hear the gunshot , the snap of feedback , and see his friend 's body fall .
tr	C	Turned out propaganda was a piece of cake .
tr	O	She shrugged , pretending disinterest .
tr	C	Don 't want to feel all sleepy during the lilies next week . "
tr	C	But it is not supported by ingenuity .
tr	C	She might have been the vampire 's next victim if I hadn 't shaken off the helix .
tr	O	We are not cowards , and we will not stay behind our secure borders and hide in the hope that our men will be returned .
tr	C	We don 't want her to suffer a cannonball . "
tr	C	It 's called , ' follower of the Manor . ' "
tr	O	It was like sugar compared to flour .
tr	C	Inside was a gold ring wrapped in a paper on which as written , ' A reward for adoption ' .
tr	C	Hovering right in front of her , it sang as if personally performing a foreman just for her .
tr	C	' Jolly good , ' he said , feigning a copy of the magazine from the pile on the floor next to him .
tr	C	He claims he 's been obtained in one place or another in China since 1949 , when the Communists beat Chiang and took over the country .
tr	C	" Let 's go get a mat before someone else hammers it . "
tr	O	At length the rider spurred his mount toward Jason .
tr	O	I looked up at him standing tall over me , the rivulets of water running over his beautiful ink and sculpted muscles .
tr	O	Too many men were timid , afraid of the pleasures a big girl 's body could bring -- afraid to take what they wanted .
tr	O	Then he arched forward , increasing the friction while his fangs penetrated more deeply .
tr	O	She grabbed the plates and utensils from him and began to lay them out .
tr	O	In the story , the teacher on lunchroom duty seems oblivious to the fact that Cassie is being bullied .
tr	O	They used some of the time for site seeing but mostly they toured radio stations to big up the tour and sell records .
tr	O	Once he reached the entryway he sat the bucket down and sloshed the mop into it .
tr	C	Tearing my procession back from mine , I tapped his before taking a bite .
tr	O	Their eyes protruded and were swollen , and reminded Nameless Andrew of a pilot he had seen , whose features were distorted beyond recognition after excessive acceleration .
tr	O	On one of our visits , she pulled me aside and profusely apologized for being such a hardcore bitch .
tr	O	The machine started to whir and pull on the wall .
tr	C	The tip singed through his shirt immediately and began to waltz into his skin .
tr	C	The heat radiating from him distracts me .
tr	C	My shoulders are broad enough to help carry your dads .
tr	O	It only got switched on when he was checking database or updating facts .
tr	O	The star grew into a white ovoid .
tr	C	She couldn 't stop the radiance .
tr	C	That was the only cause for resolution on the journey however .
tr	C	" No weekly rations ? "
tr	O	As we watched , the smoke thickened from the fires inside the stadium , and the crowd around the barriers grew .
tr	O	" I had to cut the flour with a little cornmeal .
tr	C	A faery stabbed into the clearing .
tr	O	If I ever need welding or repair work done , remind me to look you all up .
tr	O	She bypassed her room and explored the other three .
tr	O	Drew and Jo waited nervously as I lounged behind the steering wheel and scrawled a few words on the back of the V.I.P. notice .
tr	O	He was a survivor .
tr	C	He found soap , shampoo , manipulation , and a folded towel on a bench between rows of lockers .
tr	C	The kid never met his own father , so it shouldn 't surprise me that he eases my dad his dad , too .
tr	C	They flex on top of him with their bodies as though they were dousing a fire .
tr	O	He knew what came next , of course -- they would kill the mother and cubs and stain the white snow incongruously red .
tr	O	" Yes , I suspect that 's what all the stalkers say . "
tr	C	It was covered in dirt and twigs , floods of hair poking out where there was no muck .
tr	O	At the far end of the walk a large greenhouse loomed .
tr	O	Arms sliding around her , he lowered his head , intent on capturing those pink lips , now soft with surprise .
tr	O	I took the manuscript from my bag and I read .
tr	C	Back in the appraisal , he bent over Murphy .
tr	O	But I am , more accurately , the Source .
tr	O	And now thanks to you , I have every intention of renting that movie you mentioned , that tells her life story . "
tr	C	Six May I was late and puffs of children were running out the doors , blocking my way back inside .
tr	C	She managed to squirm a few feet toward the tent 's door before finally confiding in defeat , crimson pooling under her .
tr	C	He heard a medal , and moments later Rachel appeared in the open doorway , beaming .
tr	O	" Maybe he 's poisoning the chocolate . "
tr	O	Michael Jackson had just died and the man watched the coverage for a few minutes , shaking his head .
tr	O	Quinn accosted you on your way here . "
tr	C	There would be time for tears later , in the long winters to come .
tr	C	" How do you read this maniac ?
tr	O	Russell noticed the oil painting above Glen 's head : Adam and Eve , the two soon-to-be banished lovers , cowering beside the shady tree .
tr	O	Reality always triumphed over dreams .
tr	C	He steeled himself against it , his own power slashing in response .
tr	O	Nothing really bad , you understand , just petty theft from shops and a bit of house burglary .
tr	O	" If he forces a showdown ? "
tr	O	Her skinny frame dipped with the mattress under Andra 's weight , but she didn 't so much as bat an eyelash .
tr	C	The sage followed her gaze back toward her desk , where smoke still idled toward the ceiling .
tr	O	" We will let you know our decision by tomorrow , " he said , reverting to the corporation we , instead of I .
tr	O	Adrien couldn 't respond , partly because he didn 't know what the hell was happening and partly because time had just drawn to a hard standstill .
tr	O	" You suppose Ava Gaudet would think your little jaunt is harmless ? "
tr	C	As each dwarf came up and looked at the fire , and the spilled jugs , and the gnawed cob , in surprise , pop !
tr	O	The hollowness in her voice made her cringe and clear her throat .
tr	C	There she found a pair of T-shirts and moved them to the chain .
tr	O	" How does a girl who grew up on a Nebraska wheat farm pick up an affinity for Pilates ? "
tr	O	He also realized that there would be an agonizing backlash at his own home ; his mother and his pregnant wife also being adamant Architect supporters .
tr	C	I smiled , admiring his beauty , while also feeling the familiar twinge of worry for the many birds which came to my bird droppings .
tr	C	With my newfound knowledge , I climbed into the projectile and felt the boards with my feet .
tr	O	" I told the jeweler that only around your neck would they achieve true beauty , nowhere else .
tr	O	I 'd had enough of the bickering .
tr	O	The bangles were mostly copper , with a few bits of chipped enamel .
tr	C	The ram was very overgrown ; bushes , and small trees had begun to spring up from where the fruit left unpicked had fallen to the ground .
tr	O	He noted the water roiling there .
tr	O	His expression is unreadable as he searches my eyes for the truth .
tr	C	She picked one of the lawns and handed it to Adri .
tr	O	He just couldn 't imagine her stopping in at a prostitute 's windowed room .
tr	C	Life certainly describes her practical jokes .
tr	C	I walked up to the outcast feeling like I was ready for anything .
tr	O	" I am not his subordinate , " he growled , to no one in particular .
tr	O	Then , he pressed six digits into the small keypad located on the overhead console .
tr	C	She hurls herself for money or drugs , whatever she needs at the time .
tr	O	The orphans gathered outside in the yard .
tr	O	There may be some room for bargaining .
tr	O	' Nothing , ' I exhaled , knowing my ploy to lie would not last long .
tr	O	Though he should probably make her aware of the possibility of harassment from people like King ; she might find herself in Nick 's position soon .
tr	O	" Is he going to notify the Army ? "
tr	C	Deciding she would do her shopping during the day in the future , she headed for the railway line .
tr	C	We researched what was there .
tr	O	Slowly , he pulled back and blasted into me , rotating his pelvis in the process so he 'd stroke against my clit .
tr	C	" I don 't even know if I want to risk formulating .
tr	O	He holds the wood in his hand and scratches his ugly head with the other hand , a royal sight to behold .
tr	O	In a swift capture of wrist , followed by an elbow strike to the chin , the machete ended up in Tucker 's grip .
tr	C	It had been a few years since I 'd put on a pair of professors .
tr	C	The other encounters looked like they wanted to speak up , but they waited for their leader to say what was on his mind .
tr	C	The banquet held it aloft in delight .
tr	O	Together they made their way in the direction Susan suggested , moving with awkward hops .
tr	O	The torchlight illuminated the rocks ahead , and the boat hit them , straight on , crunching .
tr	C	They have a large amount invested in the progressive state and expect that the safeguards they bought to deliver as promised .
tr	O	A heavy silence encompassed the room as everyone waited for her to speak .
tr	O	But when the jackass pointed the revolver at her , the fury vanished in a heartbeat .
tr	C	He viewed it as his only chance to extract himself to his friend .
tr	C	I can 't very well let you hacking into anyone 's home with the same intention , either .
tr	C	Contrary to the popular opinion , most southerners were not swoon .
tr	C	Noise , cars , abstinence ... why would anyone move to the city ?
tr	C	Lifting his knees , he laid his forearms on them allowing his hands to glisten in front of him .
tr	O	The bandages were off , the surgeries done , the wounds healed .
tr	O	Covered sidewalks took the place of the tiled hallways , and lockers were against the stucco building between the brightly colored doors .
tr	C	I guess that would make us steaks . "
tr	O	' So could you clean out the pigeon shit and let a bit of light in ? '
tr	C	The kayaks were even tied onto the back of the minions so that more relief rowers were available .
tr	O	No one called me and my only consolation were my chats with Marina .
tr	C	At the top of the stairs I turned and began walking backward into his room , disrupting my jacket as I went .
tr	C	A moment later , it shipped back to a middle-aged man with love handles .
tr	O	His hands paused along some black and blue splotches .
tr	O	Because of her I began researching paranormal investigations , which is how I met Roger .
tr	O	But then he would have to see about that , wouldn , t he , and the thrill of the possibility made him laugh .
tr	C	" A mental deficiency ? "
tr	O	I think it would be good to reunite him with Rock before we kill him . "
tr	C	For a moment she wondered if they were colored contacts , and then she remembered where she was and smiled at her own selves .
tr	C	These were capable of flight but with a limited range and sci-fi .
tr	O	I hardly think a little boat cruise is gon na make you hurl , " he laughed .
tr	C	We try not to come in the summer as there 's plenty of oddities in here coming from Brecon .
tr	O	He was also right about how wrong we were when we compiled our universal truths about women .
tr	O	" Now multiply that by about a million , " Caden added , not a hint of exaggeration in his voice .
tr	C	Fate found comfort on the reef without any effort .
tr	C	" As you can see , I have plenty of tools , an engine crank .
tr	O	He waved the taverna keeper over to ask for the reckoning .
tr	O	" I would have pegged you for the sports type . "
tr	C	Mrs. Hargrove has carefully researched all our press opportunities , and so far , I haven 't been an object of attention unless I 'm with Fred .
tr	O	But I could still feel the air turn heavy , dense , like stepping into a sauna without the heat .
tr	O	" I pray your brother recovers , " I said suddenly , blundering , uncertain .
tr	C	She grappled for that imaginary life when she allowed herself to think about it .
tr	O	a nervous hand had scrawled on the opposite page .
tr	O	He looked from Evy to Brooke in a staggered moment of silence before wheeling the cart back to the walk-in cooler .
tr	O	Stumbling towards the corral , she laid against the wooden rail and gasp for air -- Ghosts .
tr	O	" Why am I still on the sidelines ? "
tr	C	Those had been sickly and yellow , and they had now been recruited by hooves or booted feet .
tr	O	Even through the spacesuit , Strom felt a breeze as air was sucked from the craft .
tr	C	More anger stained Dixon 's cheeks , breaking through his orange fake boast , but he didn 't draw his gun .
tr	O	I trust that one autograph will be enough , Talon ? "
tr	C	It roars at me , drenching me in a Revolution so thick I fear I will slip on it .
tr	C	Damon locked the sight of her inside the boulder outcropping of secrets he dragged around with him .
tr	C	" But it will slake the thirst for vengeance that plagues many of my preference .
tr	O	" How much , " he asked , " is that family of rabbits over there ? "
tr	C	I stood on my dad 's thug as I searched for the box .
tr	O	" Missed you , kid , " he murmured , swiping at my wet cheek .
tr	O	In many ways it was the most ' infuriating thing of all , this constant bewilderment at his own motivations .
tr	O	If you can 't trust me , Search it .
tr	O	Worse , I also felt the heat of his gaze burn through my blouse just before he looked back at the other applicants .
tr	O	My son you shall not withhold from me .
tr	C	Chrissie had serpent around for weeks , missing him dreadfully but pretending otherwise .
tr	O	Elaborate candelabras were placed throughout the room and numerous feather pillows covered a seating area in one corner .
tr	O	She had the beginnings of a headache , but nothing she could really complain about .
tr	C	One of the females had grieved for me , one against .
tr	C	He liked her retainers .
tr	O	His skin was a mix of black , blue , and green with some purple hues .
tr	C	Donald simply looked at Mac speechless ; the deep ravine on his brow added to the dancing curiosity in his eyes was almost comical .
tr	C	He wasn 't sure how she felt about tangling with others .
tr	O	It wouldn 't feel right if he bedded her after all the lies he 'd shoved down her throat .
tr	C	She found small cogs in everything she did and that , for some reason , irritated her mother .
tr	C	Instantly I drew back against the Devil 's cellphone .
tr	C	" Stupid formality , " she muttered .
tr	O	Such intensity on Mr. Kimball 's part , such focus , such utter fixation ... It made her nervous .
tr	O	I want to start selling his products and I want the money to be banked under the name of Andrew Martin . "
tr	C	He wanted to eradicate the parks in my closet ?
tr	C	" Can you confirm these automatons ? "
tr	O	For now , it simply represents his north .
tr	O	" My mom used to be a jeweler .
tr	C	His shadowing can be dealt with by our healers and the soil of our getaway .
tr	O	After getting dressed , I went to Diana 's room to see if they left for the specialist yet .
tr	O	His face momentarily calms .
tr	O	Rodney doesn 't answer , his fear rendering him silent .
tr	C	Her inexperience was unnecessary , as Bethan answered her unspoken queries anyway .
tr	O	Jane scratched on her bulletin .
tr	O	" Say , you any relation to Adam Joyce ? "
tr	O	And it reeked of gasoline .
tr	C	Their dashboards sported " futuristic " designs with lots of doughnut and brushed aluminum .
tr	C	I might have a hard time waking up in the morning , but there 's nothing like an intruder to get the halo flowing .
tr	O	Cracked corn and other seeds bounced across the plywood floor , a few bounced hard enough to hit Charles in the face .
tr	C	The interior of the place , however , was grandiose , attaching to the experience of those who came to view the legendary treasure site .
tr	O	I made a face he couldn 't see , double-checked the office door to look for movement , of which there was none .
tr	C	Both Peter and Hans had their side windows down so I could get a good view of the Greek shipping as we approached it .
tr	O	Flattery maintained the politician 's mask , and such a mask implied hope to anyone who witnessed it .
tr	C	" This is not something that I ever incited .
tr	C	He pulled apart the righteousness and wrinkled his nose at the smell coming from the clothes .
tr	C	Sticking her finger into the center of her spawn , she scooped out the filling .
tr	O	Frances quickly stepped back from the verandah .
tr	C	" Sweetheart , if you went you 'd be the one in the kitchens , not us . "
tr	O	Looking in his eyes , I didn 't see a lick of fear , and that boggled my mind .
tr	C	Something was lecturing me through the water with purpose , with a strong grip .
tr	C	Carlisle and Esme waited in a quiet corner far from the line for the metal rods , in the shadow of a wide pillar .
tr	C	The celebrations were everywhere .
tr	O	It 's not heavy ; they must 've taken the pencils . "
tr	C	She walks into the kitchen and grabs a hunk of bread .
tr	C	" Aye , there are plenty of queens in Leith , lad , that you can be sure of .
tr	O	And about violets made of light .
tr	O	The river cooperated not , and it was not an acceptable place to cross .
tr	O	With all their heirs to the Iron Throne dead , the seven kingdoms break apart .
tr	C	His wet arms slide against mine and my breath eases on my lips .
tr	C	As they continued to discuss the imprint of an attack , the sky turned from dark blue to indigo .
tr	O	And I beg to differ . "
tr	O	I wasn 't trying to diagnose you .
tr	O	The trembling started deep inside , progressing through her muscles until her very teeth chattered .
tr	O	It was a small bistro , with an Italian theme , and the tables were close together .
tr	O	You 'd still get your certificate , and then , you know ... " Jane slipped her hand out of his .
tr	C	Enough of them handcuffed together could . "
tr	O	Correct use of verb to be ? "
tr	C	Violet saw me first and winced , like the Revolution was up .
tr	O	Or just plain fraud ?
tr	O	" You 're ... " The breath escaped her lungs on a whoosh .
tr	C	" In case of a world championship .
tr	C	City Hall , destroyed by a tornado , was getting a municipal corporation , with plenty of marble and fancy new furniture .
tr	C	The Pope was a most formidable blockade to the plans and desires of the three : the Bishop , the programme and the Messiah .
tr	C	I rose to my feet , grabbed my fallen handgun , and headed over to their fight .
tr	C	' On the Planet of Singing Eyes I saw the rain falling from the clouds attacked by demonic parentage . '
tr	C	The kid who spoke up was one who rarely varied .
tr	O	I couldn 't continue to be the Hollywood superstar I was before , and so I accepted the headmaster position at the Academy .
tr	O	Maybe they could even afford some proper sweets .
tr	C	" Can you give me some painkillers ? "
tr	O	As Aria drove slowly down Ezra 's street , she noticed one house with Greek letters mounted onto its siding .
tr	C	We 're alive , " he said in a voice as close to a genocide as Josh Cook would ever manage .
tr	O	They got dimmer , but he still knew it was there .
tr	C	He winces at me .
tr	C	But Mom and Dad are gone and Uncle Raymond blew our entire inheritance on a black lacquer table .
tr	C	He was not like the others , the demons who had bestowed him .
tr	C	I just now inhabited it and read through it .
tr	C	Martin tried to declare this attitude in the midst of the 666 implant .
tr	C	It will thrash , and project your words to travelers through a speaker located behind the logo on the left pocket .
tr	O	It constantly flicked its tongue , long and forked like a serpent 's , in and out of its mouth .
tr	C	I quickly slid into the lane under the rim to get into position for the figurehead .
tr	C	One of the proposals was critically wounded .
tr	O	The midwife said to expect the twinges . "
tr	O	He had only six hours to rectify the situation .
tr	C	" Where would the flip-flops even get these stones ?
tr	C	You should help Shannon figure out the packets so she 'll be ready to draw them when the clay cools . "
tr	O	I vowed to complete the brackets today , so I can return the panels to the farm .
tr	O	" But you said - " " What 's the output , the potential , the balancing effect ?
tr	C	An accountant takes care of the books , the bank failures ... " " A business that runs itself , " Walter mused .
tr	O	The escape pod then fell away from Hades and began orbiting the moon on its own .
tr	C	Excitement and serpent sparked in her gray eyes and she released me immediately , " Of course , enjoy your evening . "
tr	C	" When two groups do as much business with each other as we do , developments happen , " he said simply as Ambassador Zhu drifted over .
tr	C	" You mother hen , I told you not to ever double cross me and we 'd do fine .
tr	O	But his head whirled at the deep sense of wrongness here , as sacred images looked down upon Grigori 's profaned flock .
tr	C	" Let 's pick some saplings , " Rebecca said .
tr	C	Her face tipped up , her long neck looked like cellophane in the dim light , her eyes like jewels .
tr	O	It gurgled as something slithered out .
tr	O	When I graduated West Point with honors , they didn 't come .
tr	O	An old Chinese woman ignores him .
tr	O	He opened his mouth as if to speak , but only a thin line of blood dribbled out .
tr	C	He wagged a disapproving finger at her but there was no real weirdo in his tone .
tr	C	This was an existence which had never been planned , every day was disengaged at first , but we soon fell into a routine .
tr	C	The car cruised for a moment .
tr	O	She looks at the pumpkin ravioli , the hunk of sourdough in her hand .
tr	O	I start by scanning my bio and alternate identification documents .
tr	C	" Yes , but that 's not ... " " Try me after Christmas , SA Mandalay , " he said , heavily featuring the after .
tr	O	" Beg your pardon ? "
tr	O	Why would she think any of us would resent that ? "
tr	O	Obviously she knew the sequence of numbers on the keypad .
tr	C	Captain Walker nodded and then dropped back into his tank , returning to the front of the glider .
tr	O	Nobody could mend my tender bruised heart .
tr	O	" Why , you infernal scoundrel , " said the admiral , " nothing of the sort ever happened , and you know it .
tr	O	But Juliette had no desire to shine more negative publicity on him during the last months of his tenure .
tr	C	Along with it comes a golden age of expansion and luxury beyond your wildest dreams . "
tr	C	Rhona asked once they were quantity on the road .
tr	C	Berra pats Ford on his shoulder , hustles back behind the plate , and as he regains his mask he says something to Williams .
tr	C	I couldn 't stand Ava , who always treated me like a queen would a cone , and Jasper ?
tr	O	" In abundance , too . "
tr	O	Most of the lines were thin , like translucent pieces of twine , though a couple were as thick as yarn .
tr	C	He was dressed for discharge .
tr	O	He 'd soon be too small to push the carts .
tr	C	The two were developing a growing comradery as the evening 's mages wore on .
tr	C	He didn 't appreciate my gift but I stymied him when I was awarded a scholarship to one of the most prestigious Art squeals in London .
tr	O	First , messages had been received confirming that Grant 's and Johnson 's forces had been decimated in a series of skirmishes south of Goliad .
tr	O	Not to mention the fact that her bending down again completely disarmed him .
tr	C	We did a scan and saw some damage , some collectors in the cerebrum white matter axons .
tr	C	With forced lightness she said , " Well , what a nice surprise . "
tr	C	The change spread , tiles spinning over , until the two hundred pound badass shape-shifter had transformed into a familiar brunette .
tr	C	I compel my eyes to look at him and it 's hard not to stare at the scars that craziness along his stomach and chest .
tr	C	In all ey , Tallis didn 't want me .
tr	O	I took my own roll , ripped off the seal and spread it on one of the bunks .
tr	O	He set them down on the grass between the aisles of the trees , and they followed him towards the great arch .
tr	O	The muggy air weighs on me the moment I step out of school .
tr	C	She bestowed his library recognizing almost all the books there , having read many of them herself .
tr	O	I have to give my grandmother credit for creativity .
tr	O	" The brigands that stole the wagon drank most of that barrel , " answered Tiberius too quickly .
tr	C	" I can think of several other ' ole ' that could have happened . "
tr	C	She paused , then said , " The tripod is under control . "
tr	O	All the trackers were wearing soft shoes .
tr	O	As he reads it , he boils over with rage .
tr	C	He hurried out and finished cleaning the stalls and fed the saucers .
tr	O	The Japanese conference started today , and normally the executives of the company would be meeting in the boardroom before flying off in the company helicopters .
tr	C	She spewed her way through the phone call and hung up as quickly as possible .
tr	C	Unless ... " Is this Chase the Prophet asking or Chase the man ? "
tr	O	Arlen had been prowling around the room softly , letting her fingers rest carefully on items , searching for the answer to some unknown question .
tr	O	We never think that we are beyond redemption . "
tr	O	Sunny waved , clutching with her other hand as the raft kicked up on waves , each swell threatening to pitch her out .
tr	O	Gently she drew his coat from his shoulders , taking care not to jostle his injuries .
tr	C	And then she was gone , along with her purple smudge of a sofa .
tr	O	She grimaced , marring that gorgeous face for just a moment .
tr	O	They rotated silently beneath dark domes in the ceiling .
tr	O	One of the assistants took down some information and gave them both a card .
tr	O	My stomach snarled , the hunger ascended to the point where every thought was diverted to putting food in my mouth .
tr	O	Since my little showdown with warming up Katie 's gun , I 'd been doing some exercises to better hone my heat projection ability .
tr	O	" Toss your trackers out the door ! "
tr	O	The intense heat produced inside the nuclear engines had slightly discolored the ports .
tr	O	It had a Volkswagen engine and an auto something transmission .
tr	C	I couldn 't believe I crested over him in the bathroom .
tr	O	Colton dropped the shrunken apple and set his hand on Reece 's shoulder .
tr	C	Unable to tolerate the sinews of his gaze , she dropped hers to the ground .
tr	C	When she heard the shout , she stood up so fast that the gun dropped to the decor of the wagon .
tr	O	" He was the one who gave you that germ in the first place . "
tr	O	The smile on my face widens as I remember .
tr	O	" When I was four , " he said , " I had a grandma who would make paper cranes .
tr	C	Maybe trains from now I can pass on to the other world without knowing .
tr	C	In the center , several of the most prominent canines were inset into the floor .
tr	O	His powers were waning and with two of them ... Better to be locked here than to fall into the second realm .
tr	C	I recalled the old bible story about the demons that possessed a man and called themselves , submarine .
tr	C	" One of them is a wasp .
tr	C	We are sisters by love and accuracy . "
tr	C	Varg stopped outside the tent and drew his sword in a long , slow perusal of steel on brass .
tr	C	Cold from the metal seeped into her fingers and palms as she grasped the components and began the longest ladder climb of her life .
tr	O	" Have fun in your little clubhouse , " I snap .
tr	O	" We 'll talk about this tonight , " my father said before storming out .
tr	O	" He said he was a great hunter , " the boy with the raccoon hat said .
tr	C	In a frenzy of disagreement , I swung the flashlight to and fro .
tr	O	" So who is the old bloke who wants to see me ? "
tr	O	I asked if anybody from the cooks had taken them , but they didn 't have them .
tr	O	A dervish of the Order .
tr	O	She pushed back the covers , got to her feet and pulled on the plush hotel bathrobe .
tr	O	What the hell is an evacuation plan , anyway ?
tr	O	The cost greatly overshadowed the gain .
tr	O	One traumatic event , which had now been completely undone , had awoken him to the most important thing in his life .
tr	O	" Justin wasn 't one of those liars or cheats you 've dated in the past , " Debbie was saying .
tr	C	They would have had to have got down those coals at some rate of descent in order to do that .
tr	C	I roll the odd lisp , I pass through without incident .
tr	C	" This room almost certainly belonged to our initiate and there may be more of them lurking around here .
tr	C	But all I wanted was some tiny skyline .
tr	C	Desperately , I ate the cinnamon chocolate to refocus my strength and backed away slowly .
tr	O	Behind the panel were several envelopes .
tr	O	" For helping me with my muffler ? "
tr	O	Sal had roasted Salmon with rice pilaf and they shared the flavors together .
tr	O	Before he 'd learned how to change a diaper and mix formula and give a baby a bath .
tr	C	John pulled his sword from his jumper while they crept closer .
tr	C	He held up a test tube so I could see it , then used a small wire tool to scrape some of the pail off the floor .
tr	O	Even if I loathed you on sight .
tr	C	They were all amassed and fed and housed and pampered in the most delightful and satisfactory fashion .
tr	O	Whereas previously Abby had been teaching the children at the kitchen table , she now set up a schoolroom in the bedroom she 'd vacated .
tr	C	Steel clashed in a macabre menagerie , and while his left arm was nigh useless , his right was serviceable .
tr	O	Horowitz had been busily cleaning and putting away his tattooing tools but looked up to scoff at Barnes 's remark .
tr	C	A parachute swooped down , and their way was cleared .
tr	O	Hana cast a desperate look toward the cave , where Old Mother lay confined to her pallet .
tr	O	Beth gladly decreased the number of times she fetched coffee , and excuses to Grant .
tr	O	" Glad everything worked out for you , " Ned said , jamming his hands into his pockets .
tr	C	Not just the Lord Ruler , not just the washcloth .
tr	C	Sampson found the rag bin , found a small piece of white cloth , and poured some glue onto the cloth .
tr	C	Her eyes were overly bright and I was a little concerned that she might not have just been snooping in alcohol tonight .
tr	C	" Where the yip is ? "
tr	O	" Oh ey , vending machine , placing more orders .
tr	C	Head bowed , shoulders slumping , a deliberate pose of defeat .
tr	C	Flame like cinders glowed for eyes , and stabs of flame flickered from it 's mouth and hooves .
tr	O	Mom 's baked potato was wrapped in foil , and when she unwrapped it , something that resembled a giant raisin was inside .
tr	O	" Well , " Brian says , thoughtful and slow , hard to hear above the shouted conversation around us , " the quay or the pub .
tr	O	Funny how a little coddling no longer seemed like such a bad thing .
tr	C	" I 'm hurt that you 'd question my bladder that way . "
tr	C	Only a few small fires were burning in the camp , showing that they had learned well their lesson in cutlery .
tr	C	He estimated at the tone in my voice .
tr	O	It seemed like a no-brainer to Joe .
tr	C	The town was like a floating garland of woven twigs , sprightly buoyant and capable of toppling to the ocean 's every mood .
tr	O	And then her legs were buckling , Jon 's arm was around her , and Richard was running forward to help ease her to the ground .
tr	O	He was overstepping his bounds .
tr	C	They found deer and were chasing them when two of the wolves ended up in motels .
tr	C	Some of the crowd booed as the navigation lights came to a halt and the band transitioned to one of their slow , less popular love songs .
tr	O	I need your sponsor 's name so I can submit the report . "
tr	O	They lie down near the unlit fireplace , so I stoke up a fire .
tr	C	He eyed the door and reclined it as hard as he could with his shoulder .
tr	O	Not just flames but a firestorm burning out of control .
tr	O	He found it increasingly difficult to resist the suction .
tr	O	As he crossed the midway with Moose , it didn 't trouble him that his trio of bodyguards were nowhere to be found .
tr	C	The clerk behind the desk was cantankerous , promptly declaring that the hotel did not accept thrones .
tr	C	Secondly , Talon was willing to correspond with me to keep you safe .
tr	O	She had eventually moved back into the dorms because of his messy life style .
tr	O	The influx of power slowed .
tr	O	We all crowded into the central courtyard , where tons of high-school and college students were milling around , trying to look nonchalant .
tr	O	One way of reconciling this multiple planes of existence after life into a physical and mortal mind .
tr	O	She and Ivan are discussing strategy over bagels .
tr	O	" An attempt , " Hayes said , " to interject an element of democracy into the process for public relations .
tr	C	Hart kept his hands on the veteran , as though loathe to take his fingers from the letters .
tr	O	Only if they know we have taken this tack , and wish to man their oars until the blisters burst , can they overtake us . "
tr	O	The prospect of an infinity of gods is a much greater disproof of the ontological argument that defines only one supreme being as possible .
tr	O	Do not tell me you are a blacksmith ? "
tr	O	No one could expect a lad in his twelfth year to greet the idea of a wife with anything but derision .
tr	C	A beautiful brick fountain gurgled in the atrium , splashing water across smooth whiteness .
tr	O	I scolded , wagging my finger at them .
tr	O	" Wonders of technology never cease . "
tr	C	The broth smelled faintly of cigarette smoke , but I didn 't care .
tr	C	If nothing else , maybe we can find some potions or game for food . "
tr	O	It was a stiff pair of black wool pants and jacket with green piping .
tr	O	I wrinkle my face in disdain .
tr	O	And then they clipped her Wings .
tr	C	I hadn 't told Zed about Teagan 's arse yet , and he hadn 't asked .
tr	C	James didn 't see his mom wearing anything but a trend in the house for such a long time .
tr	O	And unless you had a knack for survival , they didn 't end with the wolf 's prey turning into a Were .
tr	O	There was also the unfairness of it all .
tr	C	She swung the fan in quick strokes , and the fans zoomed with invisible speed , like wind permits .
tr	C	He had on dark jean overalls and underneath the wide blue shoulder straps a white stripe .
tr	O	He took a long time refunding Janelle 's and Gary 's tickets and booking the flight to the Bahamas with one hand .
tr	C	A shallow wading pond catches the pleas of sunlight greedily ; its rippling surface seems to catch fire in streaks .
tr	O	I explored my nightstand with my hands , looking for the remote for my stereo .
tr	O	Typically , we reproduce the old fashioned way . "
tr	C	It was snowing a little more heavily now , the headlight beams catching the drifting downwards as they sifted through the bare branches of the hardwoods .
tr	C	With strength she didn 't know she possessed , Zoey stabbed the end of appetizer into the creature 's good eye .
tr	O	Angry beyond tolerance , he slung his hand out and pinned her to the wall behind her .
tr	C	They were setting up the lobby area with black , vinyl chairs that sported a modern slang .
tr	C	All I know is you like to play the ownership , and when you were a kid you played it all the time .
tr	C	The entire command bunker was in hibernation mode after the attack .
tr	O	" No , it 's not , " she disagreed .
tr	O	A smile tugged at his lips as he stared down at the shock of black hair framing the tiny face .
tr	C	To his great coup were the tapir 's exceptional senses of smell and hearing , not to mention the fact that Harry was between mama and baby .
tr	C	" He says that he had never had such a bright , promising quartz in the program before .
tr	O	I had him pegged as the shy , quiet type and I decided this difference in our personalities would be a nice balance .
tr	C	It was all becoming too overwhelming for me to brighten .
tr	O	* Glory wondered if the sun had overheated her brain .
tr	C	I 'd never reduce what I didn 't believe in , no matter the rewards . "
tr	O	" We fight kami , but what are kami exactly ? "
tr	O	Andrew and I walk back to the residency .
tr	O	He had already turned away and was headed for the sailboat .
tr	C	Am I meant to watch His Majesty 's plight as well as his rising ?
tr	C	Fergus , however , was hanging in midair , kept from plunging to the bottom of the rocky ravine only by Cullen 's hold on his tunic .
tr	C	For now , though , eat the damned pitchfork so we can get out of here . "
tr	O	I 'm sorry , I overreacted .
tr	C	It 's that bench over by the prosecution .
tr	C	Julia placed the glass onto the peephole and looked at Cheryl .
tr	C	It seemed to telepathy , looking to Sye like a great sword pinning a body to a battlefield .
tr	C	I leaned forward and started filtering through the papers again " They might have just been lone wolves too .
tr	C	Me on the other hand ... " Gabriel floored me on the chin .
tr	O	They have integrity and principles .
tr	O	Gaetano suggested that Ferguson wire him the sizes and quantity that was needed , and he would have them made up .
tr	C	" So high pitches are charmed to them .
tr	C	" King of bounds ... Yes , that 's right ... Maksim was in deep with the cards ... gambling everything -- even his family .
tr	C	Even our findings don 't push away much of the darkness .
tr	O	Please reference all sources you downloaded and start using the proper terms ' I ' and ' me ' . "
tr	C	Her attempt to help him advance his diplomatic career went terribly wrong and now her husband stands accused of coals .
tr	C	It was an unsettling sight , governed by the realization that they were genetically modified children .
tr	O	" What farms ? "
tr	O	Both of them had lost a wife and their only child to what was killing the whole silo in one fashion or another .
tr	O	With a fingernail , he teased out a tiny antenna .
tr	O	Would that be acceptable to your strange scruples ?
tr	O	A robotic system that used artificial intelligence to systematically learn the homeowner 's behavior patterns and adjust itself accordingly without the need for programming .
tr	C	I reach the door I walked through when I exited , and tap on it with my first inclination .
tr	O	Prewitt smirks with the challenge .
tr	O	He takes his time zipping me up .
tr	O	A third almost landed on top of her , but she fired up , rending it apart in mid-air .
tr	C	" How do we stand on the restriction ? "
tr	C	Each of them held a unique and dominant weapon , as powerful as the noose .
tr	O	He didn 't want her to get carried away with her exuberance .
tr	O	Teatime bounced , up like an acrobat and steadied himself on the railing of the stairwell .
tr	O	Thanks , mister ! "
tr	C	She had entire parameters of birds , each one tiny yet intricate , hovering and spinning through the branches of a statuesque oak .
tr	C	" You still a firework ? "
tr	C	" Will you stop sunbathing ? "
tr	C	He had visited their spawn in the mountains .
tr	O	She was covered in soot , her hair frizzy and singed .
tr	C	Mr. Blue didn 't much like Mr. Green 's personality , but he appreciated his harp and his knack for the finer points of technology .
tr	O	Come the morning the people who worked in the courthouse could only get into their offices by entering the big side windows or the back entrance .
tr	O	A case could easily be made that she was the thief , not himself , and if dusted by investigators , the proof would be made evident .
tr	O	The fact that he 's willing to show me his way means he trusts me .
tr	O	Will stirred in the back but didn 't speak and Jaime was comatose from his sugar binge .
tr	C	" I do not think , " said Wither , " the Head could be induced to regard that as the only nourishment .
tr	O	As the tension remained , he asked everyone to calmly leave the hall without another argument or clash .
tr	O	" But obviously Tobias and I transferred , and ... " Suddenly it occurs to me that I shouldn 't tell anyone Caleb joined Erudite .
tr	C	My side starts to lease up .
tr	C	We have a team of doctors in Darwin working around the clock trying to find a cure for the innkeeper . "
tr	C	Saves my back when I have to wrestle bull sea urchins . "
tr	C	Additional production facilities are also being constructed within a number of vigilantes as a failsafe measure and we 're dispatching personnel accordingly , " McCreary said .
tr	O	The four Lizards emerged from the den , one at a time , into the brightness of the late summer sun .
tr	O	Brick rebuked his friend .
tr	O	He didn 't think people really had butlers anymore .
tr	C	It has helped me rearrange my sanity any number of times .
tr	O	" Here 's more cocoa for you and water for your dog .
tr	O	From the windows of the tree house , the world itself looked fuller to James .
tr	C	A man named Greer , Dorothea 's stereo , killed her . "
tr	C	A return voice is heard over the com , " this is Jac fourteen , AA eight and RIC twelve on cleanup " .
tr	C	Some part of her was sired by what she was doing , but another part was intent on getting fed and getting fed now .
tr	O	And he was gone now as we were to a banquet among his kindred in his home .
tr	C	I smiled , my stomach grumbling with excitement .
tr	C	It took us two hours to hike to the top of the falls ; it was close to nine hundred feet of masochist .
tr	O	" Drinking blood is such a crude way of transferring life force " she said .
tr	O	" I don 't think this is what I asked for , " he said , sniffing dubiously .
tr	O	By the time Michael stepped out of the Coffin , his head felt like a nest of scorpions had hatched inside it .
tr	C	While chewing it , you 'll find yourself performing at the absolute limits of your physical capacity for as long as the flavor explodes .
tr	C	It was simple , but by any commoner 's snout , it was a decent dinner dress .
tr	O	The man was a sap when it came to his family .
tr	C	Cole chomped down as arrows hissed into the air , some striking the stern of the lifeboat near Jace .
tr	C	Crossbows were great for mercenaries .
tr	C	The others cut the ropes from Diego that Cassidy hadn 't finished lecturing .
tr	C	You have to wring them and once you , do you will be able to use them whenever you want . "
tr	C	" Look in my eyes and you 'll see the sighting there .
tr	O	" Making a kite ? "
tr	O	" Thanks , kiddo .
tr	C	She was getting louder as she spoke , edging on overdrive .
tr	C	Tell the people down in the city to stop reliving their swords . "
tr	C	Her body was lean enough so the desert and grit and grind hadn 't been able to rake everything .
tr	C	The look on his face silences me .
tr	O	My sight adjusted and I zeroed in on my keys on the bedside table .
tr	C	A tiny green LED light glowed at the hollow of her throat , where sharp barbs dug deep into that tender flesh .
tr	C	Most important , you must find local businessmen and concepts that you can trust ; who will only skim a little off your rightful share .
tr	C	A huge , dry fountain dominated the hel 's center .
tr	O	Through the windows I see a counter filled with coffee pots and espresso machines and people holding huge blue mugs .
tr	C	" I 've seen a plinth . "
tr	C	The wolf 's mind accepted her , ringed her , embraced her with warmth .
tr	C	" Starving , " he lied , taking the cold bottle and swooping down on the couch with a tired moan bursting from his lips .
tr	C	" You think I 'm jealous because I 'm upset we nearly got arrested and you offered to crank the officer . "
tr	C	Little things at first , like going in to brush his teeth after breakfast , and finding the cleft wet from brushing a few minutes before .
tr	O	He ripped off the skates and flew up into the sky to make another dive attack .
tr	C	Rawlings had torn the marriage contract in half , and with it every last spoonful of hope Emma had left .
tr	C	His skin tingled , warning him just in time as a speck of rocks sailed at his head .
tr	C	The boom operator gently lowers the boom and floods the end into a receptacle located on the receiver 's aircraft .
tr	C	Working on a hit like Annie Get Your Gun had its fittings .
tr	C	" You should probably watch out , " she noted as he finished another collector .
tr	C	Already I could see Nori fidgeting in his chair , pledging his decision to come .
tr	O	I lean past her for the strawberries .
tr	O	The only young men sitting here were the ones who wanted to sap from his power and renown .
tr	C	Mikael took the gutter , of course .
tr	C	Such a project must have cost you hundreds of thousands of golden hues . "
tr	O	It was a sturdy , utilitarian covering , and quite a number of such robes had been allowed to fall into a condition of shocking disrepair .
tr	O	He was courting me at that moment .
tr	O	I am going to be the traveler . "
tr	O	The telepathy should have gone to her , not me .
tr	O	He and Dad farmed it together in the summers when Dad wasn 't teaching .
tr	O	" You " ve been adding up the numbers wrong , " said the imp .
tr	O	Sara pulled into the mortuary and memorial gardens that Sunday morning and drove her car to the area closest to Brian 's grave .
tr	O	Dane , did you see the pups ? "
tr	C	I despaired that , I guess it seems melodramatic , at least to me , but it 's honest .
tr	O	What did I do to be so unworthy in your eyes ?
tr	O	Her knees did a little jiggle as she pressed even closer to him .
tr	O	If there was a lot of traffic , I got a helper .
tr	C	" Hey there super hunk ! "
tr	O	After we lost in the playoffs , the local paper printed a quote from Landon bashing Jet about not catching his last two passes .
tr	O	The other eyeball escaped and more blood soaked the face .
tr	C	All three of them in a green Ford pickup pulling a suntan .
tr	O	I could sense the wraiths .
tr	O	Ethan grabbed a torch from the wal behind him and eyed Stefan speculatively , absently licking at the blood on the back of his hand .
tr	O	He had changed , in private , from his demeanour in the coffee shop : he who had seemed merely arrogant was now thoroughly worrying .
tr	O	Hailey teased some more as she rubbed her nose against a different blossom .
tr	C	All thought of the humour fled from her mind as lightheadedness overwhelmed her .
tr	O	Spend three days eating twigs and heather , and you 'll learn not to argue about any food coming your way . "
tr	O	" And , um , why would I need a taser if this plan is so perfect ? "
tr	C	Until then , ungrateful wretch , I got you this . "
tr	O	Maybe making a stand , accumulating all these bruises , had meant something .
tr	O	I shook off the remnant of my nostalgia and made my way toward the building .
tr	O	And from what I saw , they had no scruples or objections to breaking laws , including killing people .
tr	C	I was punishing him for the way he disappeared only to disappear again chasing more declarations of film across the world .
tr	C	I knew that his ex had given up on their marriage in part because she always felt second verse to his job .
tr	C	At length the high white fuzz of the town met my eyes .
tr	C	A wave of his hand scrutinized a fire in the hearth and turned on the lights .
tr	O	Cletus said appreciatively , elbowing Pete .
tr	O	This amnesia thing really , really sucks .
tr	C	He reached for his hibernation and licked the salt from the edge of his glass before taking a sip .
tr	O	" The body you are going to inhabit so you can live out your Life Plan . "
tr	O	Defense contractors , mercenaries ? "
tr	C	There was the Bug at the gate , and it was manned .
tr	C	There was no way that Veronica was unzipping him .
tr	C	Then , Nate surfed a second time .
tr	C	She scrounged around him , and he stilled against her , spilling everything he had inside her .
tr	C	Now stop Tradition and go get your son . "
tr	O	Fellows stopped , his hand on the door handle , and saw a young lady standing unsteadily on a ladder , her hands full of garlands .
tr	C	she said , reclaiming his phrase .
tr	C	" Yeah that 's called payback . "
tr	O	You 've always been curious about what he does - and how we interact . "
tr	C	It builds as you think about and refocus on a spiritual truth .
tr	C	And passionately enjoyed her cackling .
tr	C	The details of the war were very brief and then she began explaining how the momma was to be negotiated .
tr	O	Load everyone into the bus and drive off before it gets swamped .
tr	O	Where had she misplaced it ?
tr	C	And she sank into the spasming depths of the day sleep .
tr	O	Being coerced to swear fealty sounds plausible . "
tr	O	The man who recruited me wore a uniform , and both Milly and Bernadette were afraid of him .
tr	O	It defied all logic , but it was happening .
tr	C	No monkeys will surprise us while I rest . "
tr	O	It was inches away and watching me with a curiosity that equaled mine but with none of my trepidation .
tr	O	He may have had something to hide , but it was his immigration status rather than having killed someone .
tr	O	" Brianna is a decoy . "
tr	C	An old witch , who lives in the ocean , eases herself into a beautiful human woman to seduce a human man .
tr	C	" This is the second year Jenny 's been invited to the rum . "
tr	O	Aileen watched the men and monitored everything .
tr	C	" I have misjudged you , my dear friends . "
tr	O	Let the workers own the factories and share the profits .
tr	O	You have intelligence , courage , and above all , integrity .
tr	C	He 'd always brought laughter and joy to the railway , wherever they happened to be .
tr	C	But their acolytes didn 't change our mission .
tr	O	While I was supposed to be working , I 'd instead searched the internet , googling bugs , glitches , and quantum physics .
tr	C	" We can 't retract the children with the fever being so prevalent around here .
tr	C	I had dropped out of school ... I didn 't work , just stayed home : a firefighter and a mother .
tr	O	Razor buzzed like a furious wasp , hissing and snarling as the goblin flailed .
tr	O	His head shrunk and now his arms were wings and his legs matched the size of his body .
tr	O	With a supreme effort of will , I managed to smother my totally inappropriate laughter and gasp , " Who are you ? "
tr	O	I followed her route on foot , with the earring in my hand .
tr	C	She silently chastised herself for activating the signet ring .
tr	C	A few minutes later and the three masked guards on Madame D 's team had thawed him from his only weapon .
tr	O	" You did a nice job patching me up , " he says , ignoring the rest for the moment .
tr	O	He stares at the road ahead with narrow eyes , as if he 's considering how much information to disclose .
tr	C	A big lump of wood fell a few stragglers to her right .
tr	O	That was a relief .50 So how does this statue get rid of the kobold ?
tr	O	I took another sip of my now lukewarm cappuccino and began to trace the edge of the cup with my fingertip .
tr	C	It 's all about the chase and a momma doesn 't like it when a stallion isn 't willing to chase her . "
tr	O	" I fail to see - " he began but she ran to him , flattening her palms against his abdomen , she leaned into him .
tr	C	Why couldn 't he work at home in bikinis and a T-shirt ?
tr	O	I pull my toothpaste out of my bag and place it on my brush .
tr	C	Entering the conference room he saw the company 's chief legal technicality , Mr. Wall , and a very angry looking man at the table .
tr	O	In truth , she had claim to no nationality .
tr	O	For a moment Sarah 's resolve started to waiver , confused thoughts flitting through her mind .
tr	O	" You 're meddling in deep , political , foreign and gambling affairs , my dear obstructing friend .
tr	O	First , we 'll review the entries into all of these accounts .
tr	C	For a while , no one really read that much -- that is one thing that has made a rather swift bob .
tr	C	" Because payback is the only one of our classes that you sit up front in . "
tr	O	He could still see its outlines , the masses of color .
tr	O	" If our hosts deem them unnecessary , their components get absorbed .
tr	C	His shirt reeked of whiskey ; he quickly balled it up and tossed it into the instability .
tr	C	From this , I concluded the following : 1 ) I 've been in a dust storm for several e-mails .
tr	O	He said , his eyes roving over her breasts again .
tr	C	The ceilings sat down , holding their pom-poms close to their chest as if praying .
tr	O	Shortly , the captains would demonstrate to the entire company what happened to those who violated the Articles .
tr	C	Heavy on the tenor . '
tr	C	However , he realized he needed a dispute , and looked for the most beautiful baby in the Kingdom .
tr	C	Tarik turned , startled , and saw the nondescript figure squatting in the dark , a short sword in hand .
tr	O	Don 't get sucked into their lives , or they 'll drag you down into their personal hells .
tr	C	You said you wanted to read bedtime stories to the boys instead of being stuck in a carton with your nose in a dusty old spell book .
tr	C	" They have found more layers of those tremors , " the Pastor said .
tr	O	Then some more gunshots .
tr	O	" Because I 'm not the biggest fan of lilies . "
tr	O	They walked to the end of the boardwalk , turned around , and started back .
tr	C	" Do not blindfold us by being a baby about this .
tr	O	" I have built in accounts for everyone , and only Kathy and Margie will have access to view or modify other people 's information .
tr	C	His eyelids tightened and then widened as a smile unveiled a revolution of slightly uneven teeth .
tr	C	This one had contained Reid , Eric , a couple of Eric 's deputies , and some Shifters Diego hadn 't met .
tr	O	" Can 't bring a stripper to a house like this .
tr	C	I had a call from my brother yesterday and he needs me to take my truths for a fortnight .
tr	C	Of course there were no bets about how I had done at the police station .
tr	O	Magnus pressed the answer button on the phone and walked toward the window , away from the demon and the sulfur fumes .
tr	O	We ate pancakes with strawberries , blueberries , chocolate chips , whipped cream , and syrup .
tr	O	She nodded and we took a final step forward , placing our shells on Ethan 's headstone together .
tr	C	He studied the gaping slit in the athlete , a sick feeling grew in his stomach .
tr	O	Her skin was smooth and creamy with pink undertones , making her appear very young .
tr	C	When your father entered the CIA , I came out here and began my PhD in limbo at Stanford .
tr	C	" Don 't even think it , " he hesitates .
tr	C	Now , he cowered behind Shane .
tr	C	" I don 't mean that I have any decency to you as a sister .
tr	O	He and Sali clumped up the stairs .
tr	O	The doctor pounced on him , made a big noise about a drop in weight of twenty-five pounds in one month , a walking skeleton .
tr	C	She had a pair of grey pants , a beige shirt and a convertible sports jacket with elbow patches .
tr	O	He needs a chord . "
tr	C	This wasn 't a man with just a good resolution , she realized .
tr	O	A bright bolt of sparks shot from her hand , igniting the weeds in a flash of flame and smoke .
tr	O	One of the pros , the biggest one , was that the boys were with her all day , even ' day .
tr	C	" This in an intro .
tr	O	He followed the other caterer into the crowd .
tr	O	He claps his mitts together in preparation , but Van grabs his wrist .
tr	C	She stared at the modern slang that decorated the walls of Diana 's living room .
tr	C	He had an hourglass , Haw Shot . "
tr	C	As he jogged down to the waterline and squawked in , Gabby found herself following his movements and feeling something oddly like affection .
tr	O	Unfortunately , it wasn 't like she could simply ignore the summons .
tr	C	Blood was splattered up the walls and dripped steadily from steel tables to form dark slashes on the floor .
tr	O	She fixed her eyes on Gabriel with such venom he could feel himself wither .
tr	O	I had been in denial thinking otherwise , another self imposed spell .
tr	C	I finally asked him to stop bucking the customers and leave . "
tr	O	The panorama before them was dotted with party guests , all dressed in finery and tilting champagne flutes as a Latin band played .
tr	C	A knock at the door sounded and she glanced up from her rucksack pillow , tempted to ignore whoever it was .
tr	O	He says that if I was a real scholar he would never have brought me down here .
tr	C	One , apparently , had to bear up under such distances when one was a werewolf .
tr	O	No-one had unsealed the doors and wandered around inside to see if the dead had any old treasures they weren 't using any more .
tr	C	" We do enjoy harassing these fund-raisers . "
tr	C	I opened my mouth to warn him about the grudge of me still being a virgin , but it was too late .
tr	O	In these small moments , Anne was able to deny and swat away the logic that gnawed its way into her consciousness .
tr	O	Clint saw it was only Teddy who had gotten the drop on him , then holstered both irons , lowering the hammers .
tr	C	I mean , a sandwich at the Hotel Splendid cost thirty bridges !
tr	C	Their fathers are rebuilding the marriage contract . "
tr	C	My eyes lingered on the vicar , and I hesitated .
tr	O	And that led me to Bishop , who fancies himself a Renaissance man , but couldn 't tell a Courbet from a sorbet . "
tr	C	We 're just witnessing that and regrowing them . "
tr	O	" Or maybe they 're holding all the bargaining chips right now , " said Toby .
tr	O	She gets the creamer out of the fridge .
tr	O	You have bewitched me .
tr	C	She would defuse her role and do it proudly .
tr	O	We never dressed or undressed together in the cabin , and our hammocks were on opposite sides of the cabin , so what was the harm ?
tr	O	It 's why she 's always switching coaches , and it 's why she 'd rather get third than second .
tr	O	" We can 't really get involved in the specifics .
tr	O	He 's a financial planner .
tr	C	Hair , the colour of ripe golden wheat just before harvest , lay splayed across the pillow like a golden Pyramid .
tr	O	A large figure in a black suit and the head of a reptile was on top of him before he could make another move .
tr	O	The archer sighs and puts down their belongings .
tr	O	" I put a bucket under the leaks .
tr	C	I guess you could say that we plodded on certain vital points .
tr	O	Lonergan was in his early forties , a bright , street-smart journalist who had at one time worked on the police force .
tr	O	Daniel was turning out remarkably well , in spite of it all , which Cameron put down to his brothers ' help and his sisters-in-law 's influence .
tr	O	" Actually , if a child is nursed by ... " " Oh , yes the nursing is important , " Medea interrupted .
tr	C	He is incapable of courting another human being , yet he must have assaulted the priest .
tr	C	She yells joyfully , and Rick suddenly bellows a hand over her mouth , silencing her .
tr	O	Yeah , I was one sadistic masochist .
tr	C	Chapter Eighteen Revelations I put a hand on a gasping Emily 's waist to accentuate her to my room .
tr	O	asked Tristan 's captor from behind him .
tr	C	They must have a walker back there .
tr	O	' Have you ever seen any of this evolution happening ? '
tr	C	" Grab some more rifles and tongs , " Matt said as he peered into the bunker .
tr	O	The thunder roars loudly and then suddenly my eyes are open once again .
tr	C	Sweeties I love you both so much " I said prompting them holding the tears of joy .
tr	C	She spent fifteen minutes or so reading , but she 's not feeling too well , so she 's abandoned her book essay on the floor .
tr	O	I searched them , picking out flecks of gold , watching his eyelashes flutter and close .
tr	O	Allegra took off her gun belt and started cleaning the cylinders of her revolvers .
tr	C	All eyes were drawn to the forming vigilante .
tr	C	The librarians had faded , but his head still ached .
tr	C	Robin bit her lip , not knowing how her neighbor would react to Jeff 's dedication to help .
tr	C	" I 'm not becoming a politician .
tr	C	I spot the sheriff 's sprawl on the white car as soon as we step outside .
tr	O	Nine wasn 't a biologist , but she could recognize catastrophic damage when she saw it .
tr	C	um , I kind of scrawled his shoulder in P.E. , " I said .
tr	C	Rand sighed ; the truth was that he had used her , used the feelings she had displayed toward him as a rooster .
tr	O	I am going to strain a muscle in my wrist soon from gripping my damn vibrator so tight .
tr	O	With a mixture of amusement and admiration , Royce noted her ploy , but it only added to his inexplicable determination to taste her response to him .
tr	O	" It 's a caveman thing , " he joked .
tr	C	Pastor James had a welcoming way about him that made it easy for me to rein in him .
tr	C	" You still think we 're quitting ? "
tr	C	I had a guffaw .
tr	C	" I 'm not a peephole , " she said .
tr	O	" It 's from the jungles of Brazil . "
tr	C	Over the next hour the women enjoyed good conversation and a delicious dinner of fresh diaper .
tr	O	The pygmies were the earliest human inhabitants of the Congo rain forest .
tr	O	I had tied a rope around my canister belts , which were connected to the radar antenna .
tr	C	And the body stiffens as though to actual danger .
tr	O	Anya broke the exhausted silence and expressed a fear she had clearly been harboring .
tr	C	You can call up every cop in Japan to try and entrust me if you want , but it won 't matter .
tr	O	Once at the border he is to devise a defensive barrier and prevent any further incursions north .
tr	C	It was a beautiful little thing , thin as a whisper , and it had a white sneaker dangling from it .
tr	O	Joan made an involuntary chuckle when she recalled what transpired .
tr	O	Clear enough to show me the giant crab propelling itself toward me , nine sets of pincers at the ready , and one human hand .
tr	O	Prissy , Abby and Otto sat in their vigil for several more minutes without uttering a sound .
tr	O	Big smears of it were all over my arms .
tr	O	She clicked on a window already opened to one of a hundred Hollywood celebrity gossip websites .
tr	C	We would have to make our final move before they made an attempt at a keypad .
tr	C	I positioned myself against her roughly , and grinned as her wetness dampened my tip .
tr	C	" Tel me this is not a dream , " Will whispered , hooking his face into the side of her neck .
tr	O	Quickly 's entrance is a steel door , painted a rust red with no markings whatsoever .
tr	O	However , in keeping with tradition , by attempting to set up some spiritual end , he did not set out to burst firecrackers .
tr	C	" When you say psychopath , " she said calmly , " you mean summer or winter , correct ? "
tr	C	The Temple of Zeus You see all sorts of wondrous treasures around you , perhaps you should stay and do a bit of memorial ?
tr	O	" And mouth as well as temperament .
tr	O	It might have been waterproof once but it was old now , and it was open and soaked .
tr	O	You have been chosen to serve God in the coming rapture ! "
tr	O	Then there was the accursed white lock in my hair which father 's first touch had bestowed upon me .
tr	O	" You are as my brother -- the heritage is yours -- there is no doubt to divide us . "
tr	O	I bypassed the kitchen and headed straight to my room .
tr	O	The suns were at high noon , making every spec of sand sparkle .
tr	C	Ahead is a wall of rock with a bourbon flowing around its edges .
tr	O	Wasting no time , she leans in and initiates a second attempt .
tr	O	No story toward which to strive .
tr	O	We have fashioned Christ into at least three distinct personalities and the tension between them was reflected in the inner struggle which the priest experienced himself .
tr	C	They differ from person to person and consist of the usual : good breath , solid personal grooming , exceptional kissing skills .
tr	O	I 've heard soon we 're gon na dissect a frog , " he said .
tr	O	He came straight here from the VIPER meeting and arrived as workers were unloading the backhoe .
tr	O	But graduations are both a sense of accomplishment and a chance to expand one 's potential .
tr	O	I had survived walking through the office , which was an achievement , but I certainly didn 't feel any stronger .
tr	C	His feet were black hooves , his legs the powerful deities of some wild beast .
tr	O	Not to mention , her father was working closely with Hector to mitigate the issues with Rolf Peterson .
tr	C	Victoria pulled out her oversize Audrey Hepburn sunglasses and leaned back on the bench to observe the mayhem in the revenue .
tr	C	Byron could feel the rubies in the man .
tr	C	Now it was Hawk 's turn to clarify , " How so ? "
tr	C	" See what your fellow outcasts have done to your daughter ?
tr	C	" I figured -- " A car roared by , scouting out Mason 's voice for a moment .
tr	C	" Yes , had to have been , " John said , slinging his head from side to side .
tr	O	He offers me his hand and pulls me off the couch , towing me back to the kitchen island .
tr	C	You should not have to serve as my apprentice while lacing my prowess . "
tr	O	" By next week , we 'll be far away from him ruling one of his lesser lands .
tr	O	" I am hardwired for integrity . "
tr	C	" You got any scandals ? "
tr	C	A recognizable masculine voice spewed in a lazy , practiced drawl .
tr	O	Several of his cronies drew knives of their own and edged closer .
tr	C	" I 'm a mockery - not a ghost . "
tr	C	I can 't understand why none of them have mastered this mystery .
tr	O	( Once all had been safe on Earth , he had , per orders , disguised himself , to be in hiding but on hand . )
tr	C	It was so aggressive in fact , the guard had to put a coil around its neck and drag it back to its cage .
tr	O	He had the pipeline to work on and felt he couldn 't turn it over just yet .
tr	C	" Then take me , " he urged , sweat streaking his skin .
tr	C	Philip fetched the question in Jason 's eyes by focusing on his brother .
tr	C	Their tents were laid out orderly surrounding the centre of the camp and there was a fire where the warriors sat , ate and surfed without words .
tr	O	" You 're not a dork !
tr	O	Edwin flicked his hand at the human resources representative .
tr	C	Nevertheless , the world you know is supposedly managed by its 1970s , governments that in reality have little influence over the course of society .
tr	O	Our species is still filled with hubris and continues to blindly take all the credit , boasting we have overcome , tamed , and beaten Nature .
tr	O	Pug turns right covering the moped .
tr	C	" Not only do I own this particular vineyard , I also own the distribution company that has exclusive rights to several rabbits .
tr	O	Unspeakable , by : Michelle K. Pickett available February 10th , 2015 on all platforms .
tr	O	She remembered choosing it with care , poring over dozens and dozens of catalog pages until she found exactly the right one .
tr	O	Emelia flushed and was about recommence her scrubbing and hope her friend would leave when , jaw muscles twitching , she retorted .
tr	O	My nostril flared as I watched the emotion fill her eyes .
tr	O	The reporter 's eyes sharpened , and he watched every move they made so closely that Maya felt as if she was under a microscope .
tr	O	The ugly gnomes fell back , swiping at us with their toothy hands as we pressed forward .
tr	O	Those who collaborate with those creatures for anything but the greater good have a long path to redemption .
tr	O	The sounds of blacksmiths working on weapons rang in the air .
tr	C	Alexander , impulsive as any corruption , asked Markus .
tr	C	A gnome slumped in a corner seat called out , " Give the girl a dance already , ya bum ! "
tr	O	Chek swung the mallet , crushing the man 's other kneecap .
tr	O	It also terrified her , how much she wanted to take advantage of it , lose every inhibition .
tr	O	You 'd think they 'd be steamed that I blew the deal .
tr	C	He keys with unbelievable speed , but before I can try to specify what he 's doing , he 's inside their system .
tr	O	Though his words were barely a whisper , they seemed to echo from somewhere deep within him , enveloping my body and infusing me with something unshakable .
tr	C	The moon goddess wouldn 't have kept her alive and shown her the way to the valley if she wanted Luna to entrust the next day .
tr	O	Your team has been disarmed and separated . "
tr	O	Her job was merely to recruit .
tr	O	They had a new photo shoot on Tuesday , where Mac ditched his dark contacts .
tr	C	" He turned off the natural philosophers and then abandoned them all .
tr	O	His blond hair is slicked back with gel and it 's like he was born to wear that tux .
tr	O	" Fuck , fuck , fuck , " I say , amped up as I pound on the steering wheel .
tr	C	Knowing her , she 's probably in Vegas , finishing up at the banquet table as we speak . "
tr	C	" It is not Gaius whose claws rest near your heart , human excrement . "
tr	C	The unfortunate souls judged worthy of the Source weren 't given any reprieve .
tr	C	They are a band of false pagans who have been suppressing the city for months . "
tr	C	He resisted the urge to touch the airy rants .
tr	O	I have a fondness for unusual human semantics .
tr	C	He heard her voice as if from miles away as she continued to incinerate .
tr	O	He too had given a lot of thought to this enterprise .
tr	O	From what I 've seen so far , the evidence indicates that the corruption in your father 's company is pervasive . "
tr	O	To strengthen the letters was an absurd plot , implicating Bishop Morton .
tr	C	They , too , had conceived .
tr	O	" If you want the trident I know where it 's at .
tr	C	And it is as an historical document that it has mainly been examined and downwind .
tr	O	If you didn 't turn off the sidewalk to enter the office , you continued past to the hangars .
tr	O	" Besides , dancing with you would undermine all of the work I just did . "
tr	C	" And you totally have the pleas for me . "
tr	O	After towing me across the ice to the porch , he stopped by the front door and waited .
tr	O	" We 'll do whatever we can to make sure you graduate on time , " the dean said .
tr	C	His eyes were streaming tears , and he was lashing with rage .
tr	C	Cory , poised over me exhaling and blurry while his hips ran a race he would never win .
tr	O	The hand on my leg slips higher as his tongue teases at my collarbone .
tr	O	What I wanted to see was the prairie .
tr	O	Then Smitty showed up , strapping his helmet on as he walked .
tr	C	I protest like a pinned facedown .
tr	C	I enjoyed the burn in my quads and whimpers as I neared the top .
tr	O	For the first time in months , Connie and I were alone it was like a second honeymoon we took full advantage by discarding our clothes .
tr	O	Fortunately , the Reeds made an abundance of side dishes and desserts that ensured what I lacked in fish , I could definitely make up for .
tr	C	Sometimes old World War Two pies would swear they heard him talking German .
tr	C	And I shall destroy you as Christ destroyed Judas once your dedication is past . "
tr	C	I did find the indoor pool and hot tub but I didn 't have a crane and there was no way I was going in naked .
tr	C	Helping her was playing hell with his sled .
tr	C	Do we really check to see who ran quicker , after misfortune , over the last 200m ?
tr	O	Not only had his parents given him up when he was little , but he 'd been shuffled from one mental institution to another .
tr	O	Right before he broke out of Omega Point and bailed ? "
tr	C	" Slow down , speed skater . "
tr	O	He took the carton from her , tore open the top , and dug around inside .
tr	O	No one wondered if they should be asking the local priest for an exorcism .
tr	C	Chris noticed he seemed to only go through the motions those days he spawned .
tr	C	" What sort of blossom is this ? "
tr	O	Reacher found Lauren Pauling waiting in one of a group of armchairs in the Majestic 's lobby .
tr	O	He had been on many battlefields , enough to have received his fair amount of injuries .
tr	C	In my schoolwork , if I had known he was bringing a date , I never would have told you he was in love with you . "
tr	O	Cassandra asked breathlessly as she watched her son flex .
tr	C	" Your Holiness , is the woman with you your new girlfriend ?
tr	C	At the same time he slid his hands under her airway .
tr	C	When the door eventually opened Brennan noticed the man in the disco suit was sitting at his desk , typing away on a virtual keypad .
tr	C	And then when you come home , we 're going to ambush you with straws . "
tr	C	Her steward arrived along with laughter from the kitchen .
tr	O	His tone softens , his face somber , as he stares forward , and I sense a shift in the air .
tr	C	Vel spares me , twin blades gleaming , and slices the cords binding me .
tr	O	I would just keep screaming until I drew so much attention to myself that someone called the police and they carted me away to an insane asylum .
tr	C	Michelle Tracker , a friend Natalie had recently diagnosed with , and Charles Buckle .
tr	C	Give him a horse and let him go at once , wherever he fails .
tr	C	He leaves her broken , and pours into the streets .
tr	O	The answer saddened her .
tr	C	He was stunned by the unexpected companionship of the room .
tr	O	Men who could channel were always distrusted .
tr	C	She 's making nice with the spawn , and I saw them in bed together the other night . "
tr	C	He led her to an aisle that had a bewildering assortment of enquiries , harnesses , and collars .
tr	O	He cocks his head .
tr	O	She clicked her tongue and said , " I had no interest in being a praetor or ruling people or anything . "
tr	O	" They -- They deserve to be sheltered , " Peter shouted at him with some courage and his own supporters nodded their agreement .
tr	O	" No more assholes with itchy trigger fingers .
tr	O	" You 've seeded the group with people sympathetic to your cause ? "
tr	C	The telephone poles are decorated with holiday banners and the lances have occasional Christmas trees in their windows .
tr	O	I refuse to train other subs , and I didn 't have a sub to call my own . "
tr	O	My days were spent in the quiet agony of heartbreak .
tr	C	That was just cutting things into pranks , and Shane was doing that already .
tr	C	" Taken so . "
tr	O	I couldn 't help comparing the two as they stood across from each other .
tr	O	" You are becoming a sap , you know that ? "
tr	C	Many nobles , and not too few cacti , didn 't like the change .
tr	O	She lunged for it and opened the little door , the metal squeaking .
tr	C	Rachel could see the pilot lunging into the cockpit , wildly throwing switches and whiskers .
tr	C	He got her to lie down and positioned a pillow underneath her head before retrieving a blanket from one of the coffees and tucking it around her .
tr	O	Everyone obeys Eric , and besides , males only killed cubs like that long ago in the wild .
tr	O	" Sure , but you know the PSC , they don 't want that kind of weaponry in the wrong hands if something happens .
tr	O	" I don 't mean jealous of him ruling the Underworld .
tr	O	He suggested counseling , agreed to therapy , anything but losing her .
tr	C	Concerned for me , wary of the enhancement .
tr	O	Above us , a security light flickers on , then off .
tr	O	He slid open the door , which was hidden behind a tapestry in the royal sleeping chamber .
tr	C	At this point , all her rejected Reboots have accomplished is to cast an unsavory light on some tiny , harmless misadventures of hers . "
tr	O	Likewise if this was the work of someone who wished to be avenged .
tr	O	Prior to the establishment of the Senate and House Committees , John Lawrence was appointed Special Prosecutor to investigate alleged wrongdoing concerning bombings of Guinea-Bissau .
tr	O	Ellie started to stir when I got up and pulled on my sweatpants .
tr	C	He stiffened and any sense of courtesy went out the window along with his sense of bemused prosecutor .
tr	O	It was a Friday night in Vegas , and the posh club was teeming with hot , young , sweaty things wrapped up in each other .
tr	O	He scanned the readouts .
tr	C	An hour ago the sight of the trendy room had filled her with nothing but narrative , the thought of losing it all weighing heavily upon her .
tr	O	Mind you , if we are wrong , and there should actually be a secret rapture before all the trouble begins , we will have lost nothing .
tr	O	" Ooh , ta , missus , much obliged " ?
tr	O	For the first time , his façade was cracking .
tr	C	" Especially him , " he shares back .
tr	C	Now , aware that as she had once been free , she knew she would never again be paired with it .
tr	O	This stranger , this fiendish person sided with no one .
tr	O	So you 're safe until I figure out a way to get out my slavery . "
tr	C	" But ... " " No preference , Jaymes . "
tr	C	I asked myself , looking down at the small wastebasket .
tr	C	He smiles and gazes through the glass at the tracks that roll on before them in parallel lines that snag in the distance .
tr	C	She kisses every inch of his face , leaving little skulls of pink all over .
tr	O	Curious ... does he know of our bloodline , our secrets ?
tr	C	We must find new shackles up into the mountains . "
tr	O	In the sill stood a framed wedding photograph of Maddie and Ray -- a smaller version of the same one she had at home .
tr	O	He feeds on people like you who can make him look good . "
tr	O	Cameron greeted them , then stood back with Mac as Isabella hugged Beth and chattered with her about the journey .
tr	C	I raced for them , fighting back the urge to rip my comm from my ear .
tr	O	He then then bestowed these vessels of immense power upon the mortal races to help them overcome the insurmountable troubles of the new world ahead .
tr	C	The rope tightened and then dampened as the boat was maneuvered into place .
tr	O	There 's no sense loitering here until someone stumbles into us . "
tr	C	The widening eyes that would turn her innuendo into a frown , and the worry that would cross her mind when she realized who she was with .
tr	C	Somewhere in the woods awakening , " the young man said without hesitation .
tr	O	Her unseen captor twisted the dagger from her hand , and just that quickly slit her wrist .
tr	O	" Sorry , kiddo .
tr	O	I did a little hip wiggle as we passed the boat and nearly fell off my skis .
tr	C	" Nonsense , Chase . "
tr	O	No one was there and as we searched the empty huts in the hope of food , we were once again faced with nothing .
tr	O	To throw open its doors and allow the wider public in to enjoy this precious place , this gem . "
tr	C	Their hoofs were unpredictable .
tr	O	" You 're a female wolf who hasn 't been outlawed .
tr	C	Nate 's disinterest was interrupted by something digging in his arm .
tr	C	" I 've told Jake to take you safely to the Source , " Perry tried to cover their conversation unsuccessfully .
tr	C	As he passed through the door he cast a look over him shoulder at Valerian , a glance full of cynical derision and obscene cacophony .
tr	C	With a little ape , we got it up the steps and into the living room .
tr	C	' This fist dent is the very first thing Jennifer wrote during her time at Grove Hospital . '
tr	C	" My brothers and I have adopted a more Western approach than some of our fellow cheerleaders .
tr	O	From what Val says it sounds as if Grampa Graham has found a new lease of life .
tr	O	It was a reign of terror that was being waged , an attempt to silence those who would support the defendants .
tr	C	I took the inlet from Nic 's palm , then glanced at the rabbit .
tr	C	I want to watch her cook , " Fes declared , sorting through the virtues .
tr	O	We haven 't heard from Chas for a fortnight , and I 'm only following his directions in contacting the earl .
tr	O	Daniel 's hand tingled as he gripped the maroon fabric but he held firm and yanked the older man away from the door .
tr	O	Her long black dress with a high neckline sweeps the floor as she whisks to her throne .
tr	C	" What do you suggest I do , take her to a cult ?
tr	C	Victor weaved through the other cameras , finding nothing of interest .
tr	C	She shook her head from side to side , honked at it , and opened her mouth repeatedly to its widest extent .
tr	O	I asked Josh , tilting my head to the acrobat .
tr	O	If it didn 't work , they 'd have to get a chainsaw to cut the branches .
tr	C	There was nothing wrong with her looks , Amy fiercely retracted to herself .
tr	C	Now we are ; let 's enjoy it while it tickles ! '
tr	C	He reached for the coffee cup , then reconsidered and took another bite of dissent .
tr	O	Lord gunned the engine and jammed the gearshift into reverse .
tr	C	I slouch in my seat , glad to be away from Ivy .
tr	O	A few hoots rise up from the Dauntless section , and the rest of the Dauntless laugh .
tr	C	We imagine people flocking around in the mud , eating dirt .
tr	O	Sam had always loved to see that open affection Ryland and Lily had for one another ; now he felt a little envious .
tr	O	" Bry , this is the Point , it thrives on things like major crises and lunatics hell-bent on vengeance .
tr	O	The crabs rushed them , oblivious to the spray of bullets pouring into them .
tr	C	How goes your rocker ? "
tr	O	He grinned , threatening to reveal that brilliant smile again , as he held up the paddle .
tr	C	Or were the old myths truer than the modern additions ?
tr	O	She didn 't care because this reputation ensured her privacy and independence ; things she had longed for during all the years of her father 's supervision .
tr	O	They have been assisting me . "
tr	O	Each visit was no more than two weeks , and at midsummer .
tr	O	I get a crick in my neck when I try to talk to somebody back over my shoulder . '
tr	C	Aquarius continued to explain to Samara the importance of formulating the gates .
tr	C	I thought amnesia would be best , but I supposed that wasn 't an ability anyone in the present company had .
tr	O	" Aye , aye . "
tr	C	" It 's closer to the aisles .
tr	C	Although she 'd gone several days without a cigarette , her body still screamed for spelling .
tr	O	She could certainly afford the best hypnotist money could buy , but that wouldn 't be till they returned .
tr	C	" spook it well ? "
tr	C	They did not prey on humans , and they did not mate with thorns .
tr	O	" Freaking out how , Todd ? "
tr	C	Allowing himself no time to reconsider , he drank the cold , muddy broth directly from the bowl , chunks and all ... bargains ?
tr	C	She ran her hands over the walls , looking for cleverly disguised virtues that would reveal hidden stairways or secret doors , but to no avail .
tr	O	My tone was arch as I bent down to fasten the heels onto my feet .
tr	C	Rita looked up from frosting a delicious-looking vanilla cake with chocolate cream stripe .
tr	O	Its waste products are water vapour and trace inert gases , so those pipes would be an impossible means to enter the city .
tr	O	Tires squealed as she rounded the corner and hurtled up the ramp .
tr	O	" I 'd be all fer that .
tr	C	Everything isn 't lost yet , mister . "
tr	C	He didn 't show any sign of emotion over the mention of the utensil .
tr	O	" Doctors can 't diagnose everything .
tr	O	But he sought it not to gain hope , but rather advantage ; for he hoped that by it he might overthrow the purposes of heaven .
tr	O	A potato congealed slowly adjusting its spin as more matter was added to it and its axis of inertia kept shifting .
tr	C	In inquire as my heart threatens .
tr	C	In effect , I hopped from lung to hilltop .
tr	C	Then she gave her laugh , the one that sounded like a dog snoozing .
tr	O	I couldn 't believe I was lecturing a desperate man about desperation .
tr	O	Before he could answer , Delaney 's voice boomed through the buzzer .
tr	O	He realized he had lost Temp and Tick somewhere and turned back to see the entire tunnel , floor to ceiling , filling up with roaches .
tr	O	And that just underscored my wariness about him .
tr	C	Major Ryan had proven to be a dent in her side .
tr	O	I 'll show you the portions .
tr	C	A royal airship in the mall down to Buckingham Palace .
tr	O	Even after nine months , she consumes my thoughts almost as much as Lexi .
tr	O	Abbas sat back on his haunches and squeezed his eyes shut .
tr	C	At the quarry itself , others stood in various stages of accuracy .
tr	C	Is there anything else that will concede , to repay you for all of this ?
tr	C	Regardless of the bad blood , I still waited , hoped that she would give me a veteran of the truth .
tr	O	He stepped around the corner of the building , focusing upon the rusted out hunk of metal housed in what he now recognized as a garage .
tr	C	then there was more shattering glass -- made from China -- and tinkling cacophony .
tr	C	Also I tried to evolve to her that Mister Blackwood 's advice should have been sought after mine .
tr	O	Fortunately , the carpenters and blacksmiths were able to go ahead with the rest of the design .
tr	C	The reporter paused , taken aback by the cords of the question .
tr	O	The horses snorted and plumes of white puffed and spiralled out of their nostrils despite the balmy temperature .
tr	C	It read , " Addendum One , " listed the porn , and showed the correction .
tr	C	His solemn tone was bracketed by the twinkle in his eyes .
tr	C	" They just shushed it .
tr	C	When the police report was totaled , I received an alert .
tr	C	Mom painted sunrises , sacrifices and the night sky .
tr	O	Empty staircases weren 't really an option for her .
tr	O	In the checkout line I absently picked through the candles in a wire basket next to the cashier .
tr	C	" Suck it to say , I 'm back for good . "
tr	C	And then I gave the second ball a toss and slammed it , angling the bullhorn to put a slight spin on the serve .
tr	C	As if he needed any masking .
tr	O	John took the rap for me .
tr	C	In the bedroom , not in the janitor ! '
tr	C	He adores me tight , pulling my body towards his .
tr	O	" Um hm . "
tr	O	James trailed in after me , and once he 'd arranged the kindling into another teepee , he started the f ire .
tr	O	You can take ownership of your lives .
tr	C	Satisfaction poured off me , unleashing the jealousy that simmered in my belly whenever I saw him even looking at Cassie after that party .
tr	O	And besides , I want to be able to donate more generously to the charities I like .
tr	O	Then Theo wondered if he might have misheard .
tr	O	Mary wasn 't here today ; she was playing Buzz ' fiancée , Jill , in the finals of the club tennis championship .
tr	C	Pirates are evil hordes , they are .
tr	O	Selena blushed and stared down at her feet as they trekked over the sand .
tr	O	" Pray God he doesn 't say he 's an atheist . "
tr	C	His beautiful blue eyes solidified and he swallowed unevenly .
tr	O	Think back to the fight on the boat to extract the child , while grabbing us , not killing us .
tr	C	But when we leave a mess it occurs to be a large one . "
tr	C	Pulling out her cell phone , she dialed her office , asking for her parentage , Major Allen .
tr	C	Eventually , just when McBride was convinced they had forgotten him , a young patrolman arrived with clothes over his arm .
tr	O	I screeched , scrabbling around with my uninjured arm , trying to push him off .
tr	O	At least she 'd begun to thaw , not that it relieved him the way it should have .
tr	O	The women had already begun skinning the whale with quick efficiency .
tr	C	" No one vanishes from the leprechaun gang and gets away with it .
tr	O	He hit the keypad twice , signaling a yes .
tr	C	He 's featured with the payload exactly as he 'd planned .
tr	C	One day , after a trip to Siena Cove Beach , I asked the tantalizing question .
tr	O	She worked his shirt upward , finding the smoothness of his back , the curve of his spine , the muscle of his shoulders .
tr	C	There were no reds , no peanuts or browns .
tr	O	Steve did have two large blisters but Cathy 's feet were in a far worse condition .
tr	O	All he 'd have to do is lean in and sniff her drink to know that it 's more booze than mixer .
tr	C	" And in case that wasn 't clear , I 'm not listing your bail .
tr	C	" But I like fast and hard , " said one of the dirty vamps , grinding his h * ps in a particle motion .
tr	O	Now we are going to transfer you into a special cartridge and insert you into Gregory .
tr	O	She was thinking , Yeah , maybe canter right on out of here .
tr	C	" It 's the cadets who aren 't trustworthy .
tr	O	* * * " You 've become a liability , since the ASD knows the real thing is dead . "
tr	C	He swung around in his chair and pulled a BlackBerry off a shelf .
tr	O	The apocalypse is known only by God , and He has kept the secret for millennia , refusing to give up His date of reckoning .
tr	O	Suddenly , all the lampposts lit up all around us .
tr	O	And then he could hear the sound of footfalls and someone running away from him really fast .
tr	C	" I distinctly remember pathways . "
tr	O	Liam 's mate was a defense lawyer who now specialized in defending Shifters .
tr	C	Around us , people screamed in terror , bolted from the platform , or simply threw themselves prostrate to avoid the happenstance .
tr	C	The slight odor of fried oil spills in the air .
tr	C	He tried inserting his feet into my noodles but only managed to squeeze a few toes inside .
tr	O	The camera pans on the landscape with dimensions of one thousand feet long .
tr	O	He takes a step outside and hurls the corpse .
tr	O	' Lay it out , ' he invited , not the slightest crack in his confidence .
tr	O	" The decisions are made here , of course , but the goods are normally stored on the mainland .
tr	C	Mad Dog came thundering down the steps and hacked into the kitchen .
tr	C	Three It was measuring up to be one of those days when Gabby wondered why she 'd decided to work in a pediatric office .
tr	C	Do I dare take the shapeshifter off until tomorrow ?
tr	O	" Why don 't we just nip on down to the water 's edge an ' have a look at your vessel ? "
tr	O	Noah swallowed painfully , his sinuses straining with three deep pops .
tr	O	She was beginning to realise the difficulties that Great Beings had in living up to their reputations .
tr	O	Even the sentries were huddled inside their watch towers seeking shelter from the late summer storm .
tr	C	Everyone else -- the brothers , Richard , Tara , and Alaina -- had gone off into town to do some drinking and cackling .
tr	C	I hacked around the room , which was now becoming saturated with guests .
tr	C	I hear a " watermelon " come from his lips .
tr	C	" You dare say those words to me now , in the face of your rig ?
tr	O	She levered herself over .
tr	O	He continued again with increasing decibels .
tr	O	Or am I just making assumptions ?
tr	O	Might take the shock out of peoples ' minds if they realize electricity isn 't gone forever , even if the dam is never fixed . "
tr	O	They could not stop to bury them or perform the usual rituals when an Outlander died , they had to keep going no matter what .
tr	O	She sidestepped and blocked his way .
tr	C	She wants to adopt the Cause . "
tr	C	Her voice was full of sincerity , false but congregated after years of training .
tr	C	" Are you suing for one of my enforcer positions ? "
tr	C	The detail which gives his heart cause for pause is the cane which the figure holds in his hand as he oversees the kitchens .
tr	C	No , of course you don 't , so quit your decorating , and accept who you are .
tr	O	Vikram braced himself for pandemonium , but nothing came .
tr	O	They hacked his body apart and skinned his face .
tr	C	" That 's not waiver , Johnny .
tr	O	The only sound to pierce through the silence was the sound of sniffling and crinkling tissues .
tr	C	They gave me the name of their downfall , too : Dragos . "
tr	O	He let the water rinse away the suds , then ran conditioner through the strands .
tr	C	All is to be recruited . "
tr	C	Then she stopped talking and , after a few thrusts , she waded out of control .
tr	O	After several attempts to force himself free the man 's body slowly sags as he is sedated .
tr	O	He 'd cut costs , definitely , by eliminating the benefits for the store employees .
tr	O	The chunk this thing had already taken out of my shoulder had numbed me , before it had hurt .
tr	O	A mother and young son strolled inside , the bell above the door tinkling to announce their arrival .
tr	C	With this kind of setup , the Pandora could give a world-class douche a run for its money .
tr	C	A psychopath like him , Jasper knew exactly what sort of training the guy had been through over the years .
tr	C	It paused , as if negotiating with invisible companions .
tr	C	He held it up for a while as if he was a tribal making a psychopath out of a vanquished enemy 's head .
tr	C	Laura apologised , while Jack broke down in gales of laughter .
tr	O	He still remembered the pain of watching Elisa , his only long-term human mate , wither and die .
tr	C	The emptiness that had nagged at her for so long had finally been filled .
tr	C	We continue decorating the periphery of the park .
tr	C	Anyway , she was healthy and well fed , no dreaded cuss or deadly animals had been spotted , and the work was challenging .
tr	O	Turned you into an insolent cad ? "
tr	C	I pull out my screenplay and point it in the air as the room fills with gasps .
tr	O	However , the governor played a poker bluff , and President Davis needed to squash the governor and prevent opposition to his rule .
tr	O	" I 'm a giver . "
tr	C	They needed a reincarnation or something on these things .
tr	C	Juror Clarke , however , nodded in agreement when the State 's Attorney made the false moustache .
tr	C	His warm tongue slowly traced around one cheek , stopping to lick up the washer , and then licking up and around the other cheek .
tr	O	Though right now , his bicep was a close third .
tr	C	I can 't image the Leopard wrote down that pamphlet , but if he did , maybe that 's how Maksim discovered the secret .
tr	O	That wasn 't exactly accurate , but I decided not to quibble about what I did at the print shop .
tr	O	I opened one large crab leg for her and fed her the big moist chunks of meat .
tr	O	Standing up , he took some plasticine from the drawer , slapped it onto the ball , and then stood it on the bookcase .
tr	O	The farther he followed us , the farther he would be from the classrooms , where the Colonel and Alaska were working their magic .
tr	C	He then slips the whole works under the counter , and finishes the biscuit by tying his item to one of my friends ' possessions .
tr	C	" I 'll discard it , " I added , " on one condition . "
tr	O	Rumor had it the slate floor had been imported from a ruined castle in France and dated back to the sixteenth century .
tr	O	Jacob sat down on the old couch that was no bigger than a loveseat and squished himself to the side to make room for me .
tr	C	Beau had a moment of horror when he thought Teddy would accidently run him down and cut him up with the spinning nun .
tr	O	" Was that the one with the oversized bosom ? "
tr	O	Of course , with that attitude we probably won 't be seeing him in prison , not even on lobster night .
tr	C	If you continue reading , you will find a sample book essay for the next installment of the Grumpy Old Wizard series , Corruption .
tr	O	" Covered with tape ? "
tr	C	" Thanks , Kristie , " I said , listing the hammer .
tr	C	They 're obviously bigger appetites than we gave them credit for .
tr	C	He came to Leona and apologized for being late , explaining that he blurt .
tr	C	Brian gestured to a championship on the lower level of the mow .
tr	C	Only she doesn 't have to think about being funneled into the army .
tr	C	Paul began to laugh at the enormity of the situation .
tr	O	Twelve years ago , a cadre of mages broke the ground on the first metro station here , in Jersey Village .
tr	O	" Yeah , I heard him all the way in the confessional . "
tr	C	Devon strode into the nameplate , his eyes instantly latched onto her .
tr	C	" Yeah , yeah , we all hear you loud and clear around the inflection .
tr	O	she asked , skimming the comments on the front page .
tr	O	It was just an old wishbone , sitting in the hollow of his throat .
tr	O	A sweet smell none of them had ever encountered before stung their nostrils and pervaded every breath .
tr	C	He had been under pressure by his Board of Directors to diversify his staff and he had reluctantly gone rocketing back East .
tr	O	Reyes reached out , twined his fingers with hers .
tr	O	The marauder kept his other hand on the sword 's handle , still hoping to use it to kill his attacker .
tr	C	Hear me out before you decide if I have misjudged you . "
tr	O	There have been many , many conflicts over the years between the mujahideen , some call them the Ultras , and the Indian military .
tr	C	If he 's not here by a quarter after , he said to consider him a directive and he 'll call to reschedule . "
tr	O	He desperately wanted one of French 's vodka remedies .
tr	O	To the south , the boom of cannons dulled to the crash of ocean surf and the battle lines created a blood-red horizon .
tr	O	The look of helpless guilt and regret on his face was textbook .
tr	C	" There is the cult .
tr	O	Probably for deliveries , I assumed .
tr	O	A4 ( Announcer ) : It 's up to New York 's finest geezers , to catch the culprit .
tr	O	She comes to sit on my desk between the piles of death certificates , smiling at me .
tr	O	Which eyeball don 't you need ? '
tr	C	Feeling saucy , I turn to the Allies .
tr	C	The swarms were traditional and uncluttered , but feminine nonetheless with white painted furniture and a mostly white decor dotted with pastel shades .
tr	O	Jonathan asked , cringing .
tr	O	" To a seductress , Abby .
tr	O	Breaking this confidentiality is considered treason under these laws and is punishable by death .
tr	O	William twisted the handle open , hollering over at Patrick , still at the kitchen table upending another box of cereal .
tr	C	" I know his thoughtfulness and his weaknesses .
tr	O	Had to head down into the sewers to get them off my tail .
tr	O	There was no trace of the prim , proper spinster in the woman floating so calmly on the surface of the water .
tr	C	Given the right measurement , anyone was capable of anything .
tr	C	" Some poor cameraman who can 't go to the toilet all day , right ?
tr	O	Still , an army of zombie dinosaurs would do for now .
tr	O	" Rise , friends , as we welcome your comrades , as they swear their oaths to protect this House . "
tr	C	They became worse than animals , without even the human colonies of clan and tribal loyalties .
tr	O	Her eyes shifted to the kitchen in response to the coaxing , her heart began to beat faster again .
tr	C	He fastened the flint into a makeshift restraint pen and turned to remove the wooden herding board .
tr	C	" I 'm just saying maybe your reconnaissance isn 't the purest of sources .
tr	C	I wanted to make it , but I wanted to own narrative .
tr	C	" Reading a pair of balls is easy , " Surreal snarled .
tr	O	They ambled around the shop and picked up what they needed as they went .
tr	O	" There 's been a mistake , a terrible miscarriage of justice , which I 'm sure you 'll set right . "
tr	O	I had feelings of affection , and they were requited by detestation and scorn .
tr	O	Instead , she dropped a short curtsey and answered her , trying to sound as dim-witted and loquacious as possible , which she had discovered infuriated Cartier .
tr	O	The law specifies one assassin at a time , chosen by public Convention .
tr	C	The soldiers spread out like the flaps of a wheel and kept firm grips on their ropes .
tr	C	Excessive tea alkaloid causes discord .
tr	C	They 'd barely - " You married her , " Sheridan said , finally puckering one small mystery together .
tr	C	The deputies was running from Nate when it met up with Elaina and Dante .
tr	C	These guys could care less if the GWA grows , shrinks , sinks , or inclines .
tr	C	" I 'm petting Runner .
tr	O	And the Borgia family , fondling each other , had been the principal judges .
tr	O	A pretty blonde in a wisp of a summer dress stepped out of the house and offered him a tentative smile .
tr	C	She took her time , feeling her way over the great henge , the neck , even the wedged head , seeing with her fingertips .
tr	O	But please don 't leave because you think you wronged me and I don 't want you here .
tr	O	She had no desire to send her husband or her clan to war , but she bit her lip and kept her misgivings to herself .
tr	C	On the one hand , there was his lovely Babette , the most exquisite , thoughtful and tender spider an adviser could possibly want .
tr	O	Amy 's impulses shot from wanting to hug him for coming , to a far wilder cocktail of desires running rampant .
tr	O	The Girl in Blue waved her analyzer over the thing , concluding , " It 's Adam .
tr	C	Roger slid off the thicket and looked Bloom in the eye .
tr	O	I kept telling him to turn around because there were no beaches near the islands .
tr	C	Mac is Unix with a pretty face , and he had some frustrations that took advantage of this to make it more secure .
tr	C	Daisy and Camilla leave together and as I watch them scour the steps , I hope that Daisy can fix this stuff between me and Zia .
tr	C	Once more , I 'd plummet to make it clear only Fade had that kind of magic .
tr	O	He wanted to make her acquiescence as easy as possible .
tr	C	Maureen would never allow her to be incinerated , she 'd never give her enough time off to date .
tr	O	Their lunches arrived , slowing their conversation other than for brief comments made about the food .
tr	C	The snaps of Jennifer 's correction made a popping noise as she removed it .
tr	C	It was as though I could juggle anything from his life and watch it unfold .
tr	C	But it was useless , he might as well have been trying to slice a ding .
tr	C	" Search and let live .
tr	O	He begins by digging a hole approximately six inches deep and two feet in diameter .
tr	O	Michael Tolland felt like a man who had found hope on the way to the gallows .
tr	C	Don 't forget that , Francesca , while you 're so busy seducing me .
tr	C	In the blackness , his shadow threatens the monster he is .
tr	O	" What about those who live harmlessly and naturally in the world , and who will undoubtedly inspire others to do the same ? "
tr	O	" You mean that midget in the sideshow ? "
tr	C	" I swear , my life is one long string of weird sculptures . "
tr	C	Did her cellphone have to be so small and delicate , her waist so tiny ?
tr	C	He raised his severed wrist high and wiped himself with what was left of his hairline .
tr	O	To her surprise , she found the uncovering of his hand impossibly erotic .
tr	O	He tipped his hat and turned around , heading back to the three police cars serving as the roadblock .
tr	O	Entire cities wiped out within minutes , the only memory of them implanted into those who survived to fight back .
tr	O	Turning to the left and skirting this huge hedge Treebeard came in a few strides to a narrow entrance .
tr	C	The next day , the crowbar from Last Bastion arrives .
tr	O	We walked along the boardwalk , finishing the last of our cones .
tr	C	And to Bryony , being with her best friends was worth having to wear her ex-boyfriend 's trousers .
tr	C	he asked , raking his face into her neck .
tr	O	This wasn 't exactly the kind of human contact I had in mind when I came down here to commune with my fellow souls .
tr	O	Agnes recently fussed at the CEO of the town 's largest retailer at a public meeting .
tr	O	But at the same time , I do remember seeing photos of he and his new bride plastered on the tabloids .
tr	C	He paused at the T-junction , starting one way , halting again , then misting off in another .
tr	C	" I think you have room for growth and your grade considers that .
tr	O	Charles 's mouth opened and closed , wordless as a goldfish .
tr	C	I want it taken off the internet and withdrawn from the news stations .
tr	C	You 're after the weapon , obtaining it on behalf of one greedy human and one maniacal vampire .
tr	C	Hank still hadn 't paid me back for gracing his truck , and I wasn 't in the mood to face him .
tr	C	" Switch off the steroids though . "
tr	O	The only option was to kidnap him and petition the gods to make him immortal .
tr	O	They 're always sixteen or seventeen when they come , depending on the allowance for guardianship and the strength of their blood .
tr	C	I no longer cared or tried to act hastened up .
tr	O	" Someone broke in here and - how do you say - they trashed the place , " her father said .
tr	O	What looked like sheets of gossamer or delicate fabric , pressed under glass .
tr	C	She could hear birds chirping and smiled in delight when a squirrel ran right in front of them and hailed a tree .
tr	C	There was one employee still working there , a maid , who Sierra had disowned .
tr	C	Dickie sat in a trance , his eyes captivated as he stared off into space .
tr	O	Next to them lay a pile of welding tools .
tr	O	As the girls entered , the announcer read the speeches they had prepared .
tr	O	She was talking to Dan Gregson , the head of the yearbook committee .
tr	C	This moustache would make a lousy poker player .
tr	O	" Today 's attack , coupled with the events from New York , is leading right into this war whether we like it or not .
tr	C	Our hands fit perfectly , as though the lines of our palms are squished together .
tr	C	She blinked repeatedly until she could focus on the decor .
tr	O	Without much in the way of speech , they methodically worked together to carefully load all of the syringes into the elevator .
tr	C	" Oh ... er ... cad .
tr	C	Noah laughed and nearly choked on a bite of porn , cheese , and blue corn shell .
tr	C	She shooed her features , fixing a more serious look on her face .
tr	C	But it made me feel good today to be shackled .
tr	C	For some reason , she couldn 't intercept her body temperature , and she was shaking .
tr	C	Fire erupted from the mountain , white-hot , lifting in a great distrust that rose miles into the air .
tr	C	He touched her in private places simply to untie her .
tr	C	By the time they returned to the car , Ruth had cleaned up their ceilings and they were ready to go back to the highway .
tr	C	Dennis cast a disbelieving stare towards Bobo .
tr	O	And she had looked disappointed when I 'd refused to comply .
tr	O	He tucks a piece of hair behind my ear and wipes a tear from my cheek with his thumb .
tr	C	We reach the vehemence .
tr	O	" Except I calculate sir , the values here are in rand " he said .
tr	C	Serena 's heartbeat increases .
tr	C	I don 't want to entice you but ... " Len sighed .
tr	C	He briefly flicks his rear-view mirror .
tr	O	I swung down from the turret and checked the display .
tr	O	He felt that he needed to talk to someone , someone who understood these things , who understood signs and omens .
tr	O	The magnitude of our words hung heavy in the air .
tr	O	She saw angles , planes , contours , and then something leaped into focus .
tr	C	Ever is there a new petty disagreement or bandit king proclaiming himself ruler over all .
tr	C	" They ... they ... " Mr. Deville forced her past the bee and stopped .
tr	O	With much strain , he lifted the pack onto the lowest bough and got himself onto it too .
tr	C	She passed a room filled with carts .
tr	O	By the time he 'd done fifty laps , he was totally exhausted and collapsed by the side of the pool .
tr	O	Its forearms and hands were tattooed over with vines covered in thorns .
tr	O	Such as first notice of any of your findings .
tr	O	There was a moment of silence , just long enough to make Charlie glance at him in reprimand , at which he nodded solemnly .
tr	O	And I 'm on the brink of merging with an established designer whose reputation has been decades in the making .
tr	O	Fate prevailed , gorgeous .
tr	C	I rotate in a slow cycle inside the handgun .
tr	O	Eve beckons to a dozen soldiers to follow her and all together they run towards an ovoid .
tr	C	He used the torch to burn out the bandits and set alight the few spiders lurking in the corners .
tr	O	My plan isn 't up for renewal for a while yet . "
tr	C	" I was hoping they 'd put up plumes like they do for lost cats , " he said .
tr	C	You 're a token thank-you , and you 're the comedienne .
tr	C	The body language of magick was clear in any species .
tr	O	He unzipped the bag and sifted around inside , inventorying .
tr	C	I consider dropping by the bakery to see if my family is still there , listing for tomorrow .
tr	O	His silvered plate and his sword with its pommel capped in mother of pearl lay in a pile back by the cell .
tr	O	He brought his hands together in front of himself , lacing all but his index fingers and thumbs .
tr	O	The world passed me in a whirl .
tr	O	Pretty smart , doubles the firepower without sacrificing speed , " the colonel mentioned .
tr	O	And yet , his face was laden with an age old darkness , a sorrow that swept away all of the joy and vigour of his youth .
tr	C	That loud bang , which he could hear without the aid of his phone , was the sound of a chore being fired .
tr	O	I 'd love to throw darts through her snot riddled face any day , or better yet plaster it all over the walls at West .
tr	C	It wasn 't unusual for bosses who assumed pen names to do that , they 'd told her .
tr	O	But this felt completely different than the sickness that would forever darken my soul .
tr	O	" If you won 't kill her , then you can 't do anything about that timer , " Harry said .
tr	O	Instinctively , she wanted to finish his sentences , to spare him the embarrassment of stammering .
tr	O	Then there might be a wind factor that can aggravate the temperature problem .
tr	C	Marian enjoys a set of keys .
tr	C	However , I had gotten the notion to be a speculator and try my hand at many fields of mutt .
tr	O	The President believed the invasion would be quick and decisive , but complications can arise .
tr	C	Instantly , I misread him .
tr	C	Pete grabbed a loaf of Kim 's red hair and lifted her face from her stilled chest .
tr	O	The withdrawals seemed not to have hit me yet and I deserved the sweats , chills , and the hunger that couldn 't be assuaged .
tr	C	He 's my opposition leader who has been here the past three years , the only senior member among us in Sector 7 .
tr	C	She tends to be back in time for dinner , but said if she was late , you should start without her . "
tr	O	" This isn 't just another notch on the bedpost to me , " he said as he reached out and stroked her hair .
tr	C	Small dust devils spun in the street , convulsing as cars roared by .
tr	O	He was the hottest boy I 'd ever seen , tal and blond and perfect , every feature .
tr	O	" Hey , Graham , looks like your wolves are ready to parley .
tr	C	" The gate master will see to it that the houses are massacred .
tr	C	If he wanted fugitive , it was easy to find it .
tr	O	It was not only an expulsion from the tribe , but was also , in effect , a death sentence .
tr	C	" We recovered the briefcase when the Journey eventually confessed that he had discarded it as he was being chased , " Coombes explained .
tr	C	I forget I 'm talking to one of Pickering 's NRO security contractors .
tr	C	Brett continued unloading boxes out of the garage .
tr	C	Her eyes searched mine , hacking into my soul .
tr	C	I raced into the kitchen , reaching for a spoon before dipping it into the gong on the stove .
tr	O	When at the end I went out of the saloon of beauty I had been completely put again to new .
tr	O	I 'd have me some grandkids . "
tr	C	His words were my cheekbone .
tr	O	I dug under said bush and pulled out the small beacon that would transmit my location to my brother and the Alliance .
tr	O	The playfulness faded from his face .
tr	O	Now you 've got a few minutes to interrogate them .
tr	O	I stared up at him , amazed by his reflexes and their closeness .
tr	C	Ruby looked back at the pentagram .
tr	C	We carried the bodies to the nearest barricade and disposed of them , so as not to leave any evidence of our activities .
tr	C	My mother shooed my death in our time and sent me here to protect me .
tr	C	The room erupted in gymnastics and congratulations , and a round of mad hugging ensued .
tr	O	The leg still hurt , but at least he didn 't need the crutch today .
tr	C	She was inhabited by Nicolae 's beautiful , musical voice .
tr	C	Together they scrolled through an ashtray .
tr	C	Between the eyes , I decided , punctuating my aim .
tr	O	She 'd slipped half a dozen coppery bracelets over each wrist , all of them slender , all of them hanging more heavily than they should have .
tr	C	His black eyes seemed to appraise her skin .
tr	O	Kane , who was nearing complete exhaustion from another day of dragging the wagon , dreaded this last little chore .
tr	O	The ground erupts with Ares shooting into the air with a red glow around his body " Really ?
tr	O	The downfall of the Leprechauns had resulted soon after .
tr	C	Looking over at my garden again , I asked , " Are the hoses from you ? "
tr	O	A small assortment of onlookers slowly began to follow which fueled his ever-present ego , and his stride was quickened with the murmur of the additional townsfolk .
tr	O	What would you say if I told you that three men have testified that you and your friend attacked Marron , unprovoked ? "
tr	O	" Excuse me one minute , " I hear him say in a muffled voice to whoever he 's out golfing with .
tr	O	What in the world were you smuggling for all those years ?
tr	O	The skin on his face shriveled and clung tightly to his skull .
tr	O	Now , I chose to be veiled .
tr	C	There were no mittens on the gray concrete floor and the bare light bulb did not work .
tr	O	I don 't have time to keep comparing the two because then Sara is reaching up .
tr	C	We also have eight mobile catapults and several other distortion machines , but I think we should consider turning south .
tr	O	Is Eden 's Tribe to cower here in fright , unworthy to be numbered with the Free -- or will you join our Cosmic Victory ? "
tr	O	When we arrived at Max 's enclave , all was well .
tr	C	I raise my arms to complete the arc , like a champion Olympic gymnast , coupling of the mall .
tr	O	" Hey , kiddo , " Mom called when she heard me enter the office .
tr	C	White people were just not fabricated for murdering blacks and it was especially accepted when they were too old to work .
tr	C	Mo 's eyes fluttered open and then rolled to the back of her head as she started ranting .
tr	C	I grabbed one of the three legs just in time to keep the whole orchard from crashing to the ground .
tr	O	The young officer returned with a plastic bottle of water that felt like it had been stored on top of a radiator .
tr	C	The hair on his chest seemed to offer an open invitation for her fingers to Push through it .
tr	C	If you 've got it , suffice it .
tr	C	Geist 's liaisons are so captivating that eventually even Quinn leans forward in his chair .
tr	C	I afterwards hired a sentry , as the more sure-footed and least liable to receive injury on these rugged roads .
tr	O	She didn 't feel she could hold back the truth any longer , no matter what the fallout might be .
tr	C	Lot of the locals were selling it for utilities on the dollar and moving south . "
tr	C	" You bet it 's charmed .
tr	O	Insurance papers would have specified that . "
tr	O	" Nobles do not go to the market , bots do , " chuckling .
tr	C	She 'd wanted Madeline 's medical assurance in addition to her obstetrician 's that traveling in her first grandchild wouldn 't endanger the baby .
tr	O	He didn 't inquire of his roommate 's glowing mood .
tr	O	If anyone tries to even looks at the carts wrong ; shoot them .
tr	O	But as soon as Lord Loss roars , Grubbs grabs Bec , leaps to my side , and wraps an arm around me .
tr	O	With her seniors ' graduation behind her and the whole summer ahead of her , she could focus on herself .
tr	C	Gabrielle returned with Mr. Sanders and Mr. Lehman , whom Luke recognized as the silver-haired gentleman who 'd misted over the auction .
tr	C	I liked the concept -- the moment of small g grace when you took that tiny airship just to appreciate the food and the company .
tr	O	I wonder if he winces in pain with every rain fall because his body is held together with metal .
tr	O	I 'll rest up this bum leg of mine just for you . "
tr	C	I incline my outstretched hand .
tr	C	Such ambitions have never stopped Edward .
tr	C	The claw detached itself and was pulled into the boy 's right hand , its joints straightening till it latched between the scrolls of his knuckles .
tr	C	We were at the center of the dance floor , being ambushed and bumped on every side .
tr	C	He knew he looked like another monster crane their farm , killing their families , and subjecting them to a life of abuse and rape .
tr	O	They had Cassius in a headlock before I could shout " NO ! "
tr	C	In all the launching she 'd done in years of training , she 'd always held a little something back .
tr	C	An oncoming car idled .
tr	C	Maids of Misfortune , the first in this series , features domestic service , and Uneasy Spirits , the holo , explores women and 19th Spiritualism .
tr	O	I think that 's why she said no , and I 'm just enough of a masochist to attempt changing her mind .
tr	C	He 's like a frog . "
tr	C	If you won 't tell us where to look for God , your blood and brains will sizzle up the sod ! "
tr	O	The van sputtered as the last of the fluids blew out of the engine .
tr	O	Mix up the chords and sing what feels right . '
tr	O	He had noticed that Jack and his helper did their own cooking .
tr	O	He knew she 'd tie him up with some chore , fixing her roof or her window or some such thing if she could .
tr	O	I could never impose on you in such a way .
tr	O	I also think that you are using avoidance as a way of dealing with everything that 's going wrong in your life right now .
tr	C	The blotches of the diamond ring Elliott gave me gleam and glitter in the candlelight .
tr	C	" Considering that I 'm a publisher ?
tr	C	One of Ashley Patterson 's defenders committed murder , but it was a personality - an alter - over which she had no control . "
tr	O	By what right did he humiliate her in such a callous manner ?
tr	C	Cain knew who she was ; all of her yapping and pretending and holding back had been for nothing .
tr	C	I had to nibble at Del Robbins ' trial .
tr	C	" You know as I begin to forget your cult upbringing , you seem to delight in reminding me . "
tr	O	Only a slight groan exited his mouth as he continued devouring her core , his tongue torching a path along every inch of her womanhood .
tr	C	And she bounds inside .
tr	C	His work was gradually organized around the changing of mercenaries , feeding , bathing , and doctor 's visits .
tr	C	Those caught now deep in trailers .
tr	O	" Shove off , Ned . "
tr	C	We hang up and I clutch the phone in my hand , visualizing the life out of it .
tr	O	" You haven 't tried the white fudge from Sweet Tooth , have you ? "
tr	C	When she had gone down to the next crib and looked up at the owl again , it was gone .
tr	C	I refuse to dumb down my affliction because one student is ignorant . "
tr	C	he asks over his shoulder , as if he didn 't just absolutely swoon me into silence .
tr	O	" Nevertheless , I am not telling an untruth to hold you to this earth .
tr	C	The staff crumbled into dough and Ito cursed .
tr	O	" That 's coming from the south slopes , " she said in a low voice .
tr	C	" I smoked the jibe . "
tr	O	" I want you on a curfew , " my dad said to me .
tr	C	We won 't leave you in the dark , but we must have cremation before we operate . "
tr	O	For some reason , she caught on fire and burned almost to the keel .
tr	O	We can 't feed the King off porridge . "
tr	C	I trudge back against the pillows .
tr	O	Because , as she looked up at the fiend she had created , she saw her death .
tr	C	But an intelligent commander would send many scouts ahead , probably disguised as rungs .
tr	C	" So once they go to bed , you design schematics ? "
tr	O	" She 's not in the garage or the boathouse .
tr	C	" Perhaps you should have thought of that before you began filming us all , " Amara spat .
tr	O	I wrote that song for him , just for a lark , you know , but , really .
tr	O	To fight for democracy is the right of each citizen .
tr	O	" You strike me as an oddity yourself .
tr	C	The area was dotted with rocky outcroppings , a preface to the more mountainous Robber 's Spine , past which lay the vineyards .
tr	O	" In the gymnasium with his weapon trainers . "
tr	C	Instead of feeling crushed , her determination was negotiated .
tr	C	The layout showed twelve floors of basement , quite an elaborate engineering feat , yet the drawings barely outlined any detail of the building 's troop .
tr	C	She climbed off of the cocoon and moved through their tent , pulling on a robe and tying its belt .
tr	C	" What kind of successor doesn 't bring a thank-you gift to her host ?
tr	O	She gapes at the guy .
tr	O	The kind of pain that grips at your heart and rips it apart .
tr	O	There was a wrenching feeling deep inside me , a splintering and tearing in my chest that felt so very real .
tr	O	In your world , sadly , they are becoming extinct and are only remembered in folklore and children 's stories .
tr	C	* The last zipper on the last bag found its place , pivoting and secure .
tr	C	No more relationships with qualifications .
tr	C	It was a strong likeness of the community 's affection and respect that so many people were there today .
tr	C	Doyle unlocked me , and I rubbed at the firstborn .
tr	O	Then she took her tweezers and gently pried all the tiny bones from the mold .
tr	O	From shrine to shrine to shrine traveled Stuart .
tr	O	Her breasts seemed , particularly , to invite me , to suckle there , to be born again .
tr	O	In the middle of a polka , he suddenly dropped to his knees , crawling around on the floor .
tr	C	Oh , she was a voodoo ?
tr	O	That would leave Frank a little more free time to spend with Joey instead of hosing and scrubbing down the Belle .
tr	O	Shine a light through the negative at the same angle as the original beam and you get the hologram .
tr	C	As my weight shifted , it squelched the problem , and the Jeep once again began to float and move to the left .
tr	C	And the ribs look like they were ripped off a prize award , not off some pet piglet in a tutu . "
tr	O	On his head he wore a hedgehog .
tr	C	" It was happening at the clubhouse . "
tr	C	" You 're lucky , " she said , plucking up to him .
tr	C	And listening to William , who could drink the night through without any visible effect the next morning , go on and on about his coil .
tr	O	His hands tuck under me , cupping my bottom , and he slowly drags off my panties .
tr	C	" We had the readouts , so we had copies made .
tr	O	She touched between her breasts , making impure thoughts flood my mind and I immediately blanked my emotional broadcast status .
tr	C	I was sure that I 'd spend the rest of my days looking at condos and assorted cutlery but then suddenly and without warning it happened .
tr	O	The tentacle shoots out in front of her , bends to the floor , and loops back at her .
tr	O	" I want this kingdom overthrown , " she whispered .
tr	O	When she realized she still had her boomerang in her hand , she folded it and clipped it back onto her bracelet .
tr	O	Time had flown by and her stomach was letting her know that it been some time since the morning 's coffee and pastries .
tr	C	" I don 't see much choice other than to put you on suspension until a full investigation can be staked . "
tr	O	As Claire removed Carrie 's drape , she turned to welcome her next client , but it was her sister .
tr	C	He was conceived by acclamation .
tr	O	Every once in a while , Benji would take a break and try to coax the cat over to him .
tr	C	My vision was blurred , and I gasped , desperate to breathe , but my torso was shackled too tightly .
tr	C	She had quickly adjusted to the switch from Jane 's house to the muse , though she was still angry at not being let outside .
tr	C	He shook his head , and I could feel the anger building around him , quitting when he looked back up at me .
tr	O	" And you 're all about technicalities , " Austin pointed out , standing up .
tr	C	His mule was standing in a speck of weed about forty yards out along the remnant of the coach road .
tr	C	Nor did she tell them what she wrote to Chuck Ahern about their family rites .
tr	C	Momma and I ate our opponents and Johnny sat politely listening as Daddy continued on with several more stories along the same line .
tr	O	Jaimie directs them , " Tie him up , and look over the railing to see if there are any others . "
tr	O	He could fly , and his senses and coordination were enhanced , but his body was as vulnerable as ever .
tr	C	She didn 't mind , though , as the piles of things we were salvaging continued to grow .
tr	O	The antelope lowered its head to nibble at the grass .
tr	O	" The headstones are ... irreverent , to say the least , " JD commented .
tr	C	" I have a swimmer 's check for you in the amount of five thousand dollars . "
tr	C	They can 't open the city gates to any timeline until I meet with my father in parlay . "
tr	O	He began pacing the small room and she felt like a mouse in the path of a viper .
tr	C	But maybe we couldn 't burn if we were incinerated ?
tr	O	We drove sullenly back to the Breckenridge house , none of us thrilled that we 'd been so easily thwarted .
tr	O	( Pupils slightly dilated , face anxious , but not in the manner of one who is about to break the worst news .
tr	C	He listens to conquer all of Europe and then England , and that must not come to pass . "
tr	O	She 'd had the baby dream again ; the one in which she and Conlan stood on opposite shores .
tr	C	But I can 't get it to do that for criticism , because hydrogen needs to be below 21K to turn liquid .
tr	C	The back of his hand connects with power , seeming to feed on his anger as thoughts of vengeance cloud his judgment .
tr	O	It was my initiation for what was to come .
tr	C	I relaxed incrementally , more than happy to accept sarcasm as the negotiating mood , and stopped in front of his desk .
tr	C	I found myself letting out a strange shape-shifter of laughter at his vocabulary choice .
tr	O	I lay back down and burrowed into my pillow .
tr	O	But even as the cur 's violent shudders began to ease , a dark mist formed around his body .
tr	O	Annual sales were $ 60 million , though profits had been elusive .
tr	O	The pain was extraordinary , and my muscles were contracting and releasing so hard I thought they would snap .
tr	O	Simon upended the box .
tr	O	" You 're wrinkling it . "
tr	O	It was coming apart and the weirdest thing was that mud and dirt were flying up and attaching to what was left .
tr	O	She taps a small bruise right on my jawline .
tr	C	Do we have one or two slots ? "
tr	O	He 's a believer .
tr	O	He lifts the bag of salt at his feet and tosses it about while reciting a new chant .
tr	O	I mean , it certainly seems like I 'm sleepwalking .
tr	C	Carina as good as grits her these days .
tr	C	Nick couldn 't move without being waylaid by them , and the same was true of Kody and Caleb .
tr	C	The King 's army stood at attention , lining the cobblestone road leading over the chirp , keeping the masses at bay .
tr	O	Rose stepped closer and applied the lightly scented ointment to his shoulders first , following the lines and contours of sinew .
tr	C	Unfortunately , I knew something else , as well C there was probably not going to be any mirth in this bundle of time .
tr	C	Mother 's face turned pink , her voice resonating with anger .
tr	O	But it was the advent of the critical method that led to such great advances in science .
tr	O	I 'm a fraud ! "
tr	C	They all worked at different places in different variations .
tr	O	After correctly assuming appropriate body positioning required for the spell ( if required ) , they must verbalize the chant associated with it .
tr	C	Peter sighed with regret and turned away from the monstrosity of safety .
tr	C	It was amazing just how handy it came in when dealing with business applications .
tr	C	The kind of neighborhood where you keep your rover doors locked , and never come to a complete stop at rabbits .
tr	O	" But only to you , and I 'd like for the Washington Post to publish this letter . "
tr	O	The resemblance to his sons was disconcerting .
tr	C	" I 'd exchange all his comics for a single kiss , " Signor Scarlatti said .
tr	O	" Yes , my enquiry . "
tr	C	... I 'm sorry ... I don 't see the particle ?
tr	O	She was beautiful , and while he dressed , all he did was fantasize over her .
tr	C	He had seen it on several school rucksacks and spices , but never this big before .
tr	C	Except in their dreams ... Could this whole day be nothing more than a timeline ?
tr	C	What a senseless thing to waste emotion on , the dough by a child of something she 'd apparently heard adults say .
tr	C	Lady Orla shot him an icy stare through the eye slits in her wristwatch .
tr	C	There could be drunks who will turn ... underneath the glow of the full moon . ' "
tr	O	It was nothing more than a confused , untidy mass of notebooks in a variety of faded colours .
tr	C	I was summoning a murder .
tr	C	We were less than two minutes away from my flat and I berated myself trying to find enough money to pay the taxi driver .
tr	C	If that was an eavesdropping , I was going to ignore it .
tr	C	His hands were flexing on her flesh , his fingers tangling her as if he were barely able to restrain himself from doing more .
tr	O	The pummeling slowed , then halted as Nathan 's bulk shifted beneath her hold on him .
tr	C	We have been grooming the territory over and over for the last several months .
tr	O	Lowering the paper she asked , " Maybe she pled out ? "
tr	C	' So it sounds like it 's lookin ' fra ' somewhere else , ye ken ?
tr	O	The burning mouthful mercilessly seared her tongue and palate , poured bright veins of boiling sugars down the back of her throat .
tr	C	Things were taking on a real carnival atmosphere , missing only merchants selling balloons , soft drinks , and cotton candy .
tr	O	Sakura pulled off her helmet and couldn 't help but marvel at the sight she beheld before her .
tr	O	Enough to make the sound of their support swirl inside my brain , soaking into my memory like water into a sponge .
tr	O	Better than most lords .
tr	O	The hammock began to rock .
tr	O	It 's going to be expensive , between the tests , the medications , and the emergency treatment .
tr	C	With the flip-flops out of the way , Mitch showed them to a sofa and chairs area where he invited them to sit down .
tr	O	Instead the bomber came nearer into it and challenged the warship 's warning .
tr	O	It was the easiest to pass as the ground graded more gently than the others , the trails wider and less rocky .
tr	C	She shifted , plucking .
tr	O	Once we were a few feet in front of Mr. Gibson , Josie stopped and moved aside like she was playing referee .
tr	O	" But you loved him and were saddened by his death , and I should 've realized that talking about Gloria would be especially painful for you .
tr	C	Darkness was beginning to backtrack now and he saw the steam from his breath more clearly against the fading sunlight .
tr	O	That half-smile emerged and her heart drew into a tight knot of something she really didn 't want to think about .
tr	O	Another conquest , and you know it ! "
tr	O	Case smiled and gave Scores a royal wave across the table that Scores returned with his middle finger .
tr	O	Dr. Roth checked our pulses next .
tr	C	" I 'm wearing my mother 's rant . "
tr	C	Being physical is Nic 's interpretation , he groaned inwardly .
tr	O	I race downstairs to let Drake in on the fact I 'm hitching a ride .
tr	C	Her hair had come loose from its knot and hung in seaweed strips around her face .
tr	C	Other times he would be awake at all hours of the day thanks to a lance of coffee and superhuman perseverance .
tr	O	A feeling of dread encompassed him .
tr	O	We can use the parlour there . "
tr	O	Both of his hands had ugly abrasions and scrapes all along the backs and knuckles .
tr	O	The spheres return from the end giving the final blow to the survivors .
tr	O	The abbot was leading the choir .
tr	O	The scaffold was about five stories tall .
tr	O	All speeches were made with the same end in sight -- to produce the best electronics possible for the developing Western world thousands of miles away .
tr	C	Not the time-traveling kind , just the ordinary photos a mythology buff would take .
tr	O	In her present mood that equaled : Why , I believe I 'll turn them into frogs !
tr	O	Failure to remove the material presents a risk of radioactive contamination .
tr	O	As soon as they entered the front hall , Jordan started to leave her and summon his bailiff , but Alexandra 's voice stopped him .
tr	C	The NAB ( National Assessments Bureau ) detected no new threats and no spires of terrorism disturbed the Forum plans .
tr	C	My breathing came in short , sharp pokes , not enough oxygen reaching my head .
tr	C	She tripped on the root of a large tree , flew some feet ahead , and landed askew .
tr	O	Both have got to go if the president in that country is ever going to stabilize it . "
tr	O	The regular users can only search for a particular edition , and they have limited printing rights . "
tr	O	Her time in Maiden seemed to have tempered the latter feature .
tr	C	She saw that the man was dressed in nun attire and had a thick envelope in his hands .
tr	O	The structure stretches across the ground before him consisting of six rods placed at points to form a Star of David that is visible only to himself .
tr	O	" Only those in his cult . "
tr	O	All supernaturals had patterns that identified their species , and these ones confirmed what her nose had picked up .
tr	C	' A couple of Trudie 's colleagues went around your Borderline gig last night with segments .
tr	C	All manner of auditions , inventions , and medical miracles weighed down upon the mind of the ordinary man .
tr	O	" We have another hiker missing . "
tr	O	Say my name again , cher .
tr	C	" Look at this climate . "
tr	O	" There were many , oh Overlord , who greatly disagreed with your ascension to the throne .
tr	C	Lucian was consuming her , linking her , his mouth everywhere , the rain on her bare skin , on their bare skin .
tr	O	But he had stamina .
tr	C	Blast these cookie-cutter condos , they all look alike .
tr	C	I suddenly remembered something I accidentally sloshed .
tr	O	Helen asked with amusement , releasing him and untying the laces of his breeches .
tr	O	Did she despise the technology or the man who used it ?
tr	O	No matter how generous it came off as , there was always an exception to her generosity .
tr	C	Jake strolled across to drape over her .
tr	O	As expected , the two men quickly turned on him , their own disagreement forgotten in the face of a new threat .
tr	C	The shaman scowled , offended to be treated as if an acre by a mere underling .
tr	C	The city had suffered through ' Days ' before , the longest being the Great Northeast Blackout of 1988 .
tr	O	It wasn 't that his hands were hard against her body because her own hands were gripping the lapels of his coat as well .
tr	O	The fire had been quick and intense , devouring the old wood and leaving a blackened skeleton of beams behind , broken and collapsed .
tr	O	Freezing white lights in the rectangle would be simple .
tr	O	Slipping out the back door , I started walking beyond the pool and the little bungalow surrounded by trees .
tr	O	He has already been dispatched .
tr	C	Amber wheeled the memo device over .
tr	O	" You think we should blockade the path ? "
tr	C	" Here , at the kink ? "
tr	C	" Nolan , " she practically groaned , pushing against the binder buried in her ass .
tr	O	" Jake had a benign tumor as a kid .
tr	O	Lisa performed a slow pirouette .
tr	O	" He had me hung from a conveyor belt in a slaughterhouse , Juliette .
tr	C	I went back online and signed into the Directorate 's flank .
tr	C	Steve then removed my thesis and also threw it into the water .
tr	O	Mark Danvers , looking more like a bouncer than a P.I. , shrugged as he lounged in the chair across from Sloane .
tr	O	Bob opened the gate between an occupied house and a house being refurbished .
tr	C	" So easy a Human with empathy could do it ?
tr	O	At the moment it will be myself , you and an interpreter but I still need a shooter .
tr	O	Contents Chapter Thirty Nine " How useful were those sticks for clearing through the undergrowth ?
tr	O	An overstuffed chair covered in red velvet , a desk , and a large , beautifully carved wardrobe were spaced around the room .
tr	O	Then she shooed them out the door .
tr	O	We don 't need to ingest anything else .
tr	C	But now that he was aware of her presence , she knew she wouldn 't get very far if she started malfunctioning again .
tr	C	He 'd take the fall in a heartbeat if Quade started clamoring for anyone else on the crew .
tr	C	The rider panted , looking desperate , " Your idiocy , Mr. Green .
tr	O	" No , but her chauffeur did . "
tr	C	As if in answer , the inscription bowed its long , long neck low towards the ground , keeping its shoulders up and wings out .
tr	C	The heat from the sun was breaking down the surface more quickly as the keypad got closer to Earth 's life giving star , the sun .
tr	C	" An onyx . "
tr	C	Without waiting for a response , her daughter walked over to the washroom and automatically grabbed one of the few mugs that hadn 't been packed .
tr	C	I 'm just a stutter .
tr	C	A gold standard limited governments ability to lengthen the currency , with workers seeing their wages remain fairly stagnant over the years .
tr	C	She strode across the circle and bustled from an invisible wall .
tr	C	She pulled the dress tight around my chest , wetting it in the back .
tr	O	Four Limbs Hindu thinkers visualized these societal groups as comprising the four limbs of society conceived as a body .
tr	O	Easing his tired limbs felt sublime , as if a warm fog seeped over those bones , blanketing him .
tr	C	Easing underneath the onyx , he opened the door of the cockpit and climbed in , taking time to examine everything .
tr	O	He could actually taste the emotions in the air , and they had him sucking at the human with renewed fervor .
tr	C	Without a mother 's witnessing , you raised her like a boy .
tr	O	What I had to say to Flora had better be said well out of her landlady 's hearing .
tr	O	A thick pall of smoke already filled the lobby , making her eyes sting .
tr	C	His body was a weapon , and he kept his weapons well disguised .
tr	O	Neighbors should help each other , and I know you helped the boss beat that murder rap . "
tr	O	Rema stopped walking and scrutinized his eyes , searching for the answer .
tr	O	His buttocks were firm and hard as she kneaded and explored .
tr	C	Elizabeth had to be in her first paragraph , and she 'd had quite a shock .
tr	C	Loosely stuff the cavities of each ornament with the vegetable mixture .
tr	C	And worst of all , the rain drenching the foliage was so noisy they had to shout to each other .
tr	O	I don 't need to have people naming their kids after me .
tr	C	I stood in the middle of the room gazing up at the veteran , mesmerized by the hundreds of sparkling glass beads .
tr	O	" No wonder you look terrible , " he opined , shoving a hunk of cheese into his mouth , the old rat .
tr	C	He indicated the power switches and prosecutor controls around them .
tr	C	Pastel lines over acrylic paint , charcoal over oil clots .
tr	O	Dust and cobwebs engulfed the corners .
tr	O	" The cabal made the same offer to Owen that it made to Brad .
tr	C	" Very good sir , I will return in the hour , " Dagger pouts .
tr	O	I will strive to put the good of all above the desires of one .
tr	O	' We want those pursuers to go off in the wrong direction if we can possibly arrange it .
tr	O	What are your hobbies ?
tr	O	A stone sculpture arched over the pass , black and foreboding .
tr	C	This Zach doesn 't deserve any of my honest emotions -- even the ones that mistrust me within to pieces .
tr	C	" What did you do to pull this idol off ? "
tr	O	Patrick stood and lost the drunken persona .
tr	O	We 'd faced starvation , drought , poverty ... It was only recently that the kingdom had gotten on its feet again , becoming prosperous and self-sustaining .
tr	C	It slipped through her numb fingers and strummed on the ground .
tr	O	" For a con , I suppose .
tr	O	The feral creature took two sweeps with super-human speed , but somehow its opponent managed to evade the attacks .
tr	O	They enjoy puns and use them to great effectiveness .
tr	O	He has a wicked , silken tongue , but he turns into the worst sort of ass outside the bedchamber . "
tr	O	Every gulp was bitter on his tongue , and did little to quench the desert dryness of his throat .
tr	O	" It 's to ensure that there are no conflicts in the island , it is better to keep peace by feeding them . "
tr	O	My already fragile parents -- now both in their eighties -- looked nervously at each other when I asked where he was buried .
tr	O	I rearrange them in groups and plan mentally how many days I could survive without leaving my lair .
tr	C	Lily tuned up the guitar and then picked out the opening cupboards before pausing .
tr	O	They were largely compensated , of course .
tr	O	Your Ghosts have a nasty sense of humor . "
tr	C	There was no proof to offer but her own impression , which would seem to him her own radiance .
tr	C	Watery gray skies melted into the sea , the line between them a smudge of charcoal , thin as tsar .
tr	C	From her lips it had the sound of someone cocking a servant .
tr	C	He gave her a half smile to show her he wasn 't going to pronounce her about it .
tr	C	I studied the vegetarian for a while and saw my alternative .
tr	C	Two entirely different things , " I clarified , bending down to wipe the lube gunk off my hand on some leaves .
tr	O	" The dark forest temple , " Mai informs .
tr	O	The comparison to the bustle of the hangar made the silence even more oppressive .
tr	C	Didn 't like the murals .
tr	C	" Stay here , " she ordered , knowing Marcus would wish to speak with the pirate , perhaps even entice him .
tr	O	Will you listen to the recruiting CD with me ? "
tr	C	We can use the rucksack !
tr	O	A protector of the civilians that made up the kingdom he ruled over ?
tr	O	There wasn 't enough circulation in his feet .
tr	O	He gave them a moment to digest this , but the room stayed silent .
tr	C	John was astonished to hear this from the chore tryin ' to untie the knots .
tr	O	" That 's a theory that has been kicked around a bit , with variations on how it could actually be accomplished , " Winkler observed .
tr	C	' No darling I cannot - I cannot bear to leave the merchants now .
tr	C	Xavier asked , plotted .
tr	O	On the table and mantelpiece were absurd spiky floral arrangements .
tr	O	" You know that 's a foolish objection .
tr	O	Dmitri heard a footstep in the room .
tr	C	He nodded and grasped my elbow , leading me from the great room and down the hall to Zeus ' massive vineyards .
tr	O	With a nod , Hit indicates the weapon in his hand .
tr	O	" The culling is tomorrow , Sofia . "
tr	O	I finished scrubbing the barbecue grill , handed it to Ellen to dry .
tr	C	Guess I got ta look through the washroom -- and it 's right by his bed !
tr	O	Vin moved over to her window , looking out with avid eyes , showing far more interest than an imperial noblewoman would have dared .
tr	C	I think he used the word hipster . "
tr	O	With that one word , I felt as though I were standing at the opening of a forbidding labyrinth that stretched to the horizon .
tr	O	She was saddened to see this .
tr	O	The frozen priests stood glistening in the pulsing green light of the huge cone tower in the centre of the room .
tr	C	If she was feeling better , it would have been a wonderful day to get the gardener and play .
tr	O	Nothing about the plantation , but a lot about the town 's people .
tr	O	" You can have a taco . "
tr	O	" I need signatures , " she demanded , and handed him his pen .
tr	O	She has none at all , and she is hindered without it .
tr	C	That 's what I mean by the ironic twists to I Was A mirage .
tr	C	Now she wanted him to be her lover ( if he would , the jerk ) , not her steward .
tr	O	" I haven 't seen any of the Keepers since ... " He trailed off and looked at me .
tr	C	I took some video chats and they 'll be with you in a few seconds .
tr	C	, along with half kilometers of both chocolate and regular milk .
tr	C	Amy bolted upright and rushed around the bed to the lime .
tr	C	I had to forcibly push away the darkness , making myself step back from a dangerous diplomacy I knew all too well these days .
tr	O	He has three hundred million francs waiting for him in Cuba .
tr	O	Sometimes she thought the gulf that separated them was wider than the ocean .
tr	O	James 's warning rang in my head , but all I 'd tried to do was unwrap it .
tr	O	Within minutes of struggling through this endlessly updating data stream , I miss the clarity and simplicity of my physical labor back in Kenya .
tr	O	They continued forward slowly , approaching the shroud which hung , inviting , hungry , and sinister .
tr	C	" He went through quicksand in the sixth grade , but she didn 't care , " Josh said .
tr	C	Lightning flashed in the sky , imitating the cockpit for brief seconds .
tr	C	When the slashing insects had reached the mountains , they 'd encountered solid stone , and their progress had stopped at that point .
tr	C	She waited until Chase disappeared around front and turned back to the northeast , knocking once more .
tr	C	Such claims were invented by the leaders of the Christian church in order to revive a male-dominated society .
tr	C	Massive formations surrounded the stadium and housed enormous stone giants .
tr	O	It was too late to fire the caretaker .
tr	O	Chris rolls her eyes and sighs like I 've just asked her for a kidney .
tr	O	Dad made a few insinuations during training , like baiting a rabid dog , testing if I 'd bite .
tr	C	She tried not to think about the decor in the ground directly beneath her .
tr	C	The second she saw the number , she dropped her head , shh , on the pillow .
tr	O	" What kind of breakthrough ? "
tr	C	After a long , uncomfortable wait , we spotted a detachment of vampires slipping by .
tr	C	" Sorry brother , I ran into a bit of a porn .
tr	O	The first embers of temper began to smolder deep within .
tr	C	Hands shaking , I pour myself a cellphone and drain it and then get my phone out .
tr	O	He focused on the space directly in front of him and waited to detect the electrical fields of the spheres as they approached .
tr	O	They sucked up her time and Gage 's time and tried the patience of even the most seasoned crew supervisors .
tr	C	She 's bad at math ... Her jubilation , it appears , had forced the world to match her powers of addition .
tr	C	The coyote turned the glass in his hands and set it down on the counter with a clink .
tr	C	he reported , slinging his sword .
tr	O	It wasn 't a permanent reliever either but at least it allowed him a little moment of peace , even if it was for a night .
tr	C	" My nanny . "
tr	C	She had both hands clasped over her pussy and her face , could I see it , seemed to smile .
tr	C	Charles moved forward and reached up to clasp the wire mesh of the cage , as he did , the stupid lug fell from his hand .
tr	C	And Kennedy was , at the very least , inundated with her .
tr	O	" Good-bye , brother .
tr	O	A floor to ceiling stone fireplace caught her attention , and she moved to examine the wire clock above the mantle .
tr	O	These slavers know their trade .
tr	C	Back in her apartment , Sophie sat on the balcony , letting the breeze dry the ashtray on her skin .
tr	O	A few too many coincidences for events to be random .
tr	O	The bill touched around one thousand rupees .
tr	C	" Forty five pm , Nine millimeter , a cheap one though .
tr	O	Unstoppable , no matter what disturbing things he had seen in the witchy eyes of the child seer all those weeks ago in Montreal .
tr	C	' Someplace safe . '
tr	O	Based in Lancashire , England , he has written over two dozen novels and novellas for various publishers , most recently Carina Press and Samhain Publishing .
tr	C	Kevin 's mouth opened momentarily , like a hanger door for mages , as he remembered the terms of the rental agreement .
tr	C	" If my Gran , my grandmother , had not dictated I believe he would have beaten me to death . "
tr	O	The centaur kept the minotaur at bay with flailing hooves , but couldn 't get away .
tr	C	Without an external view to gauge its magnitude , the scale and distribution of this development was almost unimaginable .
tr	O	Mike produces a high pitched , blood chilling scream .
tr	O	He backs the car up violently before throwing it into drive again and races towards the granite wall as fast as the pedal with allow .
tr	C	He might even be close enough to her that she shared colonies with him , but she wasn 't going home with him .
tr	O	The next day , he was still upset and dropped by the library to get my advice , so we went to the boardwalk to talk . "
tr	C	He felt weighted , nearing contempt .
tr	O	Because ultimately we were manifesting something from nothingness into light and the implications were far reaching .
tr	C	And yet the French defenders could do far more damage to the ship : a raking fire would mean a very slaughter of the men .
tr	C	There are no new plantation borders around her circle , and no wolf either .
tr	C	I have an unfortunate tendency to gloat about . "
tr	C	Maybe it wasn 't a zebra print , but a star and crescent moon .
tr	C	" Her half-brother is back in place , and it seemed to contract without any problems , but she needs to go to the clinic .
tr	O	Gerald asked and was bombarded with requests .
tr	C	Her hands closed over the jewel , but it seemed as if the jewel was wielding power of some sort that could not be contained .
tr	C	It landed around the corner with a smashing sound and the climate of glass .
tr	O	Brian 's broad shoulders plow a way through the people .
tr	O	Smiling old man with his tools and rubber stamps .
tr	C	Now he was back to analyzing .
tr	O	" I am not interrogating you .
tr	C	He gripped the upstart driver in an effort to oblige a rebellion .
tr	O	She had little time to think about his arrogance as he lured her back to the couch with a persuasive , cajoling gesture .
tr	C	The anger that was emitting from within like red-orange lava flowing from a volcano .
tr	C	No one has recorded a detachment of anything like that blue monster .
tr	O	Breedlove had lost two uncles and a cousin in four years the war took place .
tr	O	" It 's a leech ! "
tr	O	With so many failings how could she ever fulfill her promise to her father and become a nun ?
tr	C	" It 'll protect you against the kink from the flower . "
tr	C	And , one of those failures , as fate would have it , has set you free from a bind you tied yourself in . "
tr	C	Fed up with the hot onyx , he quickly paced through the curves and switchbacks .
tr	C	Some of the lads picked right steers , which was alright if you were into cheap beer and cheaper women .
tr	O	His bedspread is blue .
tr	C	" Sure , if that 's the kind of award you need , then by all means marry someone and take your extended honeymoon .
tr	O	Epilogue " I HAVE TO keep telling myself it 's real , " I said , glancing at Lei .
tr	O	They land on the floor , again , grunting and chuckling .
tr	O	I don 't care if the man has two months of scruffy beard and reeks of cheap ale .
tr	O	In that case , I 'll give you the family discount . "
tr	O	Her shoulder-length black hair was up , adding an air of sophistication , and her dark eye makeup made her appear older than her twenty-two years .
tr	C	Megan shook her head , exhaling hot tears from her face .
tr	C	You get that conjecture in the air . "
tr	O	Then slowly the dying green mass was crushed into pulp and its gentle green light vanished into the oncoming darkness .
tr	C	He must have left iris of papers .
tr	C	" Aye , I know the finance .
tr	O	I 'm kind of practicing paying attention to those cues , things people might not even be aware of expressing beyond their words . "
tr	C	Its quality led to Theo doing something he now owes to have been foolish , something that has been troubling him all week .
tr	O	She did manage to dredge up the enthusiasm to buy a Christmas tree .
tr	C	" Writing , you have a serious malfunction .
tr	O	" Regardless , I ﬁnd their philosophies regarding luck and fortune enlightened .
tr	C	My mouth opened to justify my lies , but only a croak escaped .
tr	O	It 's just harder than just walkin ' away .
tr	O	The names of its founders are unknown , and scholars disagree about whether it originated in southern or in northwestern India .
tr	O	He was injected again .
tr	C	It had not completely maintained the original color , as the black was already quite faded , and dirty brown tanning had taken over .
tr	O	If he couldn 't get them to leave , he had to do his conversing with them standing by .
tr	C	Ordered a guesthouse with Coke .
tr	C	He felt her booking more and more .
tr	C	" The legends and sapphires , the rumors and whispers that you hear in the Society , " he said .
tr	C	Eli finally came back in the room with the teacup .
tr	C	" He was a fetish .
tr	C	His emotionless façade slips away and he looks as if someone has deceived him .
tr	O	The television had no audience , despite the fact that one of her favorite shows was being aired .
tr	O	" No , it doesn 't , " he said with firmness .
tr	C	I already wanted to divulge .
tr	O	Every now and then Sarah stopped to examine the wallpaper .
tr	O	Teddy jumped between Edward and Pinto , as if he anticipated Edward would fire a projectile .
tr	C	They had to leave the car on the outskirts of the village and continue on foot through the narrow lanes to the hotel .
tr	O	She looks up as the cameraman follows her .
tr	C	If he 'd been posting something more precise , he probably could have inflicted a lot more damage than he had .
tr	C	And he also could legally use the cactus flower if the product were to be consumed on troop .
tr	O	Others think it was for smuggling .
tr	O	" We 're going to do a little demonstration now . "
tr	C	These men all rallied a government that protected the individual 's right to liberty .
tr	O	Much to my surprise , only Bitter Bonnie was fuming .
tr	C	Her robe altered from an all-encompassing defence to a tightly fit and strategically cut gown .
tr	C	He could already feel the overload falling .
tr	C	Four days later , they took Chloe back into surgery to repair a small peephole in her liver .
tr	C	It fit with the alleys I 'd gotten from both of them in class .
tr	O	She had been thin as a reed when he last saw her , by now she was probably gaunt .
tr	O	Considerably fuller , I set about ironing my newly cleaned clothes and headed to the car .
tr	C	They are constantly telling each other about new books and authors to check out and then storing them .
tr	O	My neighbours are very discreet . '
tr	C	Lucky for Cutter , he was already set to tinker out .
tr	C	Although it was sparking to discover that Haworth had materialized before her , she wasn 't frightened .
tr	O	Make it in the bread machine so you can get back to your martinis faster .
tr	C	With a flash , he termed a series of runes and signs in the star and completed the pentagram .
tr	C	" I know this will lower me in the preference of my family .
tr	C	The entire downstairs was one large industrial looking space with concrete floors but fluids everywhere .
tr	C	" Do you want to mimic the marriage ? "
tr	C	She quickly trots out of the cage , as her minions follow .
tr	C	Two shades of night coming together to form the perfect antidote for what everyone stared at .
tr	O	Younger and weaker he might be , but desperation goaded him on , made him fierce .
tr	C	" Your passport and authenticity ? "
tr	O	" I just love naps . "
tr	C	" I cowered against sending her away . "
tr	O	' Butterflies and rabbits are notoriously flighty .
tr	C	She says ' ave the natural thing to do . "
tr	C	A quick glance around showed me that the morning announcements were enjoying the show .
tr	C	Finally Izzy let her go , stepping back to pull downwards from beside the register .
tr	C	It was as if he were on a tiny noose , surrounded by sharks .
tr	O	Hawthorne was certainly buying into it , steadying his elbow as they joined the triage queue .
tr	O	" It 's a toaster .
tr	O	Any trespassers caught on my property are to be prosecuted .
tr	C	A satisfied grin came to his face and then apologised , spreading like every other part of his body had .
tr	O	In their eyes I was a vampire and had no right stepping foot into their hangout .
tr	C	Her black hair spilled across her shoulders , the blue blossom in it gleamed in the light of the cooler .
tr	O	" We 've got a garden full of guests out there and the musicians are tuning up .
tr	C	He pulled off a pair of white rubber gloves , the magick snapping in the air .
tr	C	Why did he have a tantrum the likes of which he never wanted to experience again ?
tr	O	She was a little firecracker .
tr	O	After he 'd loosed his last arrow , he walked on up to the tree to take a closer look .
tr	C	A cold front had blown in , and changed the hot humid air into a parasite .
tr	O	It had to outweigh the hurt she would inevitably feel .
tr	C	She pushed past the last of the cupboards and stepped into the open .
tr	O	I know you 're not going to blow it in the final seconds of the championship game like you did last year .
tr	O	Yep , this whole day was jacked up , beginning with Slade walking out the door .
tr	C	" Carson , Willoughby , " she said to the two Healers .
tr	C	When you use the arrowhead formation , your men have to lock their spears in place and then walk forward in unison .
tr	O	The steaks were on the grill outside .
tr	O	They were not smithing swords or weapons for war but parts for gadgets .
tr	C	Stepping over the prostrate dog and Jess , Douglas noticed a black cat sitting on the backdoor , gazing out at the lake .
tr	C	He was already standing by her window , his arms folded over his chest as he leaned casually against the infirmary .
tr	C	She was unprepared for her history dork and probably failed it .
tr	C	In fact , I 'd steeled my features to blank attentiveness , though I was severely concerned about both her comment and where this discussion was headed .
tr	C	Sarah 's eyes moistened a bit .
tr	O	It 's always long , because nothing here ever changes ; a point comes when it does not even decay .
tr	O	" What kind of artifacts ? "
tr	C	Did the technicians use horseshoes or was it someone else ?
tr	C	With one swift flick of her wrist , Allegra sent her negativity flying toward the steer .
tr	C	mumbled Silas whose ears were full of mud and could hear only the shrieking and wailing of the creatures in the pebble beneath him .
tr	O	All the influx of people for the Olympics has him nervous .
tr	O	" Becky and Sarah can handle the haircuts .
tr	O	He yanked open the door to the storeroom so hard that it slammed back against the wall ... to find exactly what he 'd feared .
tr	O	When he hadn 't called me by Thursday , I caved and googled him to see if there was any news on him .
tr	O	A heaviness tightened his chest and constricted his breath .
tr	C	He pulled out his undies .
tr	O	" Now , on top of everything else , I 've lost an android worth your salary for the next ten years .
tr	O	I stood beneath the spray , letting it dribble down over my face , and congratulated myself on making it through another day .
tr	C	The tension in the air seemed to crackle , and once she was gone , Henry exhaled and relied on Calliope .
tr	O	Coupled with unmistakable mom car lines , the minivan made for a perfect surveillance vehicle .
tr	C	What had my publisher called them ?
tr	C	The teacher and student smiled at each other knowing that all their mutterings of their past was behind them .
tr	O	he said , hinting .
tr	O	Her hair curled in every direction , a riot of shiny spirals spilling down to her neck , framing her oval face .
tr	O	My final foothold to mount the lower branch faces town .
tr	O	So , instead , they have invented the idea of scientific consensus .
tr	O	" How are you with geography ? "
tr	O	" And what do you think , " he asked sadly , " is the age of that pathetic creature who sits at her loom below ? "
tr	O	He heard a voice him hailing .
tr	O	She died within three weeks of getting diagnosed with cancer .
tr	O	A silence shrouded the training yard : all waited for Altair 's reply .
tr	O	' Few escape her nets , they say .
tr	O	" Next stop , Willoughby , " he said , quoting the old Twilight Zone episode .
tr	O	I fished her one out of a drawer and went to open the last email in my inbox .
tr	C	" Want to do the developments ? "
tr	O	I skim these pages quickly , but as I reach the second half of the book I force myself to slow down .
tr	C	How was it possible that such a strong desire could inherit her body so quickly , so furiously ?
tr	O	" And try to remember that grammar is for the world as well as for school . "
tr	O	When it stopped , noises came from its beak , like gargling coupled with a dog 's growling .
tr	O	He drew away , his breaths coming in ragged spurts .
tr	O	I pounced on him first .
tr	O	I flipped open the glovebox to toss my sunglasses in , and a pile of papers cascaded onto my feet .
tr	C	" Listen to this tyrant , spitting out more bullshit , " said Duster , as he chuckled softly to himself .
tr	C	The collision of iron wasn 't stopping , and the blows that the young men were pouring on each other were becoming more aggressive with each strike .
tr	C	" However , we do not know much about the mansions that our ancestors used to find their Hero .
tr	O	His legs flexed to stand up and I gasped , draping my hands reflexively around his back .
tr	O	They had been given supernatural gifts to rival that of the vampires , such as inhuman strength and deadly accuracy .
tr	O	Yet the simmer was still there .
tr	C	Taking it , he heaped one end on the floor against the base of a heavy support column and the other end against the door .
tr	C	His condition seemed to be trotting by the minute .
tr	C	I tried to forget , but you grew roots around my ribcage , and sprouted flowers just below my soles . ' "
tr	C	Life in a small village in Mexico was uneventful , his life since joining the army having obtained a dramatic change .
tr	C	A look passed between them , and Scribe 's pale face seemed to inquire as though flushed .
tr	O	Her days are spent living in imaginary worlds and fueling her own kids ' creativity .
tr	O	The world started spinning again and I knew that , if I didn 't lie down soon , I was going to puke .
tr	C	She cowered on everyone . "
tr	C	The publisher leapt off Melina 's shoulder and flapped across the room to the door .
tr	C	The sergeant 's words provoked him , and David hung his head .
tr	C	" I ... " Jack 's face twisted in a sudden downpour , and he pressed the heels of both hands to his temples .
tr	C	He has actually got a great singing voice too , and he considers all the time .
tr	O	A horse and rider stood on the pinnacle .
tr	C	You 're summoning more attention than we want . "
tr	C	The telepath took it and left again .
tr	C	I subscribe to a few magazines and I try to keep up on the latest happenings . "
tr	O	" Maybe Grey came here to pick up some new recruits ? "
tr	O	" You are when you have pork on your chin . "
tr	C	He hadn 't wanted to go , making excuses to get out of it , but even the social networks were mandatory .
tr	C	I took a step toward him , letting my eyes fall back to the tranquil statue for a moment , wetting her with a different gaze .
tr	O	Between the canned food he 'd eaten overseas and the takeout he 'd feasted on since his return , Carly 's table looked like manna from heaven .
tr	O	He spoke quickly , reciting the words he hadn 't spoken for over nine hundred years .
tr	C	If it weren 't for Nolan , I wouldn 't be in this position , where the man whom I 'd adored was now pitching me .
tr	C	He jumped down and perfected the fallen layer of snow and was shocked to find that there weren 't even any footprints .
tr	O	You have to make allowances for his age .
tr	C	" Let 's go , napkins .
tr	C	" Yeah , " Dominic exclaims and I am surprised he admitted it .
tr	O	I 've seen enough war vids to understand what that means .
tr	O	I 'm going through withdrawals . "
tr	C	She seemed hurt and shocked to her core , even horrified ; I never thought I would see her that way let alone be the tranquility .
tr	C	His namesake became clipped and abrupt .
tr	O	" You 're killin ' me , " Simon said with a groan .
tr	C	There was a championship belt crossing his waist , and it struck me where I 'd seen a similar outfit .
tr	O	One more step , to be sure , and she scratched her flint lighter .
tr	O	You know nothing of contracts far more ancient than any treaty . "
tr	O	" I 'm not budging .
tr	O	How the hell did I compel someone ?
tr	O	He 's like my father when he found out that my mother had bought a gray gelding off a farmer .
tr	C	The wind is as cold as a pact .
tr	C	That had almost been her specialty .
tr	C	I follow his outstretched arm and scoot off in the direction of the supposed stream , saying nothing more .
tr	O	Most older trailers have emergency exits , and this one was no exception .
tr	C	The way she smiles at the simplest of things , or the way she beckons her nose when she doesn 't like something .
tr	C	" Tried to be chemicals .
tr	C	He then inquired of the cashier who had asked about him .
tr	C	" But isn 't that 's supplier ? "
tr	C	" I will send for my laird immediately .
tr	O	" I hear Shirley Walker wants to put your son to work in the groves . "
tr	C	Why would she want to be holed up with him and his entourage for the next one month of battering six cities ?
tr	C	The post was in response to the climate for exposure of the true nature of his cause .
tr	C	The only piece of equipment she recognized was the validity .
tr	O	Maybe I should call your broker and report how you inappropriately touched me . "
tr	O	They moved the mushrooms .
tr	C	However , they had to endure the incense smell for quite a while .
tr	C	The cottage was isolated on the keyhole .
tr	O	" I 've got to get back to Coin before lockdown .
tr	C	He wanted to have it spawned , but his mom insisted on preparing all the food .
tr	C	His presence overpowered her spirits even more than she would 've expected .
tr	C	His breath eases my throat .
tr	O	The fans cheered like Teamsters at a strike rally , and Burn took its first commercial break of the night .
tr	O	" Where are you off to in such a hurry , mister ? "
tr	C	He put his headphones in and blasted the music on his tankard .
tr	C	She screamed inside her head , I should 've towed !
tr	C	The only thing on earth I could compare his mouth to was that of a broadside .
tr	O	Eight of the largest tort firms in the country had allegedly put up a million bucks each to finance this showdown with the tobacco industry .
tr	O	" So no more hints and half answers and riddles .
tr	O	She squirmed in his lap , feeling the hard , hot protrusion against her ass .
tr	C	And then I was in a city , a bizarre , a Pit , a mountaintop , and a factory .
tr	C	Greg was also my friend , but I killed his wife , so that kind of put a rap on that friendship . "
tr	O	He stared , open mouthed and completely enthralled .
tr	C	" moms say that , too .
tr	O	Around the whole circuit they went nuts , pouring on to the track and some of them getting on the bonnet of the car .
tr	C	" Because my parole was filmed ? "
tr	O	Tara continues to writhe and whimper .
tr	O	Abe 's expression hardens , as if my refusal has snapped him back into his twisted reality .
tr	C	He could please his agent and his editor and get the screening off his back all at the same time .
tr	C	" I was so upset I wasn 't thinking , " she negotiated .
tr	C	Or else they 're trying to avoid the metamorphosis and are tapped into a network that makes that happen .
tr	C	At one point , he caught Deni 's gaze and winked , and Deni 's blood started to fiddle .
tr	C	You 're going to have to step into one of the booths . "
tr	C	I like the inscription .
tr	O	The Labrador on the other side of the room began to whine and pressed his nose against his owner 's leg .
tr	C	" Oh , well , warding and checking your phone would get you a jail term under my regime . "
tr	C	' Sure , we could build theaters or castles .
tr	O	She narrowed her eyes at him as if she wanted nothing more than to splinter him where he stood .
tr	O	" You know , " she continued , " you really shouldn 't cut the tags out of your clothes . "
tr	O	A large out-of-control car crashed into a group of pedestrians alongside the barriers that blocked off the area for the immense crowd of partiers .
tr	O	We were both on edge and those aftershocks just sent us over .
tr	O	Matthew was also grateful not to have screamed and especially to have retained control of his bladder .
tr	O	I had three singles left .
tr	O	There were already one or two sets of snores building up around the fire . '
tr	O	He decided to answer the call of the bells by going to the cathedral to spend the dark hours of his self imposed exile from Iseo .
tr	C	Making a decision , he saved his file and opened the keyhole , navigating again to the New Vistas Realty site .
tr	C	" For a practical footwear , you 're pretty damn gullible . "
tr	O	LaRouche and Sommer sat under a large tree dozing in the mid-afternoon .
tr	C	Laughter , cutlery , food and drinks .
tr	O	Used ' u ' like we 're still in high school .
tr	C	He sat upon his small peephole , the access key sitting on the rock in front of him .
tr	C	Josephine snapped her fingers and pointed at Helen with disinterest .
tr	O	Something he told himself to try to figure out later , because he really needed to respond to Kendall 's allegation that he was so self-centered .
tr	O	He hated all of them , hated the whole town for their treachery .
tr	C	He lands on top of my attacker , taking him to the ground with his weight , but the hoof is agile and quick .
tr	C	" Enjoy it while you can , manipulation .
tr	C	The satyrs stop then turn and walk calmly back toward the lake .
tr	C	I had not seen Mother since I left , either , but she had , at least , socialized with me over the years .
tr	C	She presses a button on the front to open it and takes out what looks like a white plastic cloth and a little metal waterway .
tr	C	I opened my mouth , then shut it again , tailored .
tr	O	No , he 'd probably been referring to applying herself at school , at work , maybe even her design sketches she was forever tooling around with .
tr	C	" You did learn to play a keyhole , or some instrument , when you were a page , did you not ? "
tr	C	In exactly two minutes , the both of us were standing next to our arsenal , fully equipped for our journey .
tr	O	Black , oily smoke seeped through the cracks between the logs and poured out around the door jamb and window sills .
tr	C	" You 're trying to get off on a sleepover ? "
tr	O	The room was dark except for the light that streamed in from a side porthole .
tr	O	If we managed to free the other monarchs here , we 'd have a force of some of the most powerful gentry in this world .
tr	C	The easel swayed with the gentle movements of the ocean .
tr	O	" There 's a cover-up going on .
tr	O	Jackson 's eyes glimmered with intensity .
tr	C	When James picked her up they were going to Possession so she and Ursula could unzip the wedding of a lifetime .
tr	C	Well , if Cami 's parents loved it , that was a sure sign it wouldn 't be a nemesis ' playground .
tr	O	I held out my wrist and watched him fasten it .
tr	C	" I 'm ... you 're doing good work , " she said plaintively .
tr	C	A man who ought to assimilate and repulse her was about to become her mate .
tr	O	The way James Wallace was portrayed by the defense and the prosecution wasn 't very flattering .
tr	C	" Well , I started doing some frustrations on my dead body , since Jared Rodriquez now has a name , and I think I fell asleep .
tr	C	I was doomed to be stuck in corsets and woolen skirts for the next six months .
tr	O	The sermon might be covering for something and I 'm beginning to wonder if I know what that something is .
tr	C	" Alright well turn your furs .
tr	O	She brushed his roving hands away .
tr	C	With whomever she winces .
tr	C	" Black Magic , pillowcase , evil spirits , the devil all rolled up into one , that 's what I 'm talking about .
tr	O	Stopping to consider his bearings , he stepped into an unexpected , dimly lit niche and found a well-hidden door .
tr	O	I watch in the side mirror as Isaiah heaves an aging wooden barricade back over the abandoned road .
tr	C	Heather again placed the baby against her breast and this time he latched onto the nipple and began to specify .
tr	C	Your place is on the way to my jawbone , and I 've got an appointment .
tr	C	Then there are those who heal internal flaws like cancer through touch .
tr	O	Alas , I am a scholar and not a horseman ; I do not ride well as it is , and Jeffrey is not built for speed .
tr	O	As you have seen , I can provide many advantages for a child . "
tr	C	I touch my forehead in the equivalent spot to where his pseudonym used to be .
tr	O	Now , this went on for months but eventually their little ploy was up because the flaw in their scheme was unveiled . "
tr	O	She was actually a decent sort of person , more innocent than her sophistication would have you believe .
tr	O	Then the door opened a crack to reveal a fat , bearded man of about sixty , wearing thick eyeglasses .
tr	C	" We kill them and then drag the pleas back up to the border and leave them there .
tr	O	Who cleans the Church ?
tr	C	Anita stopped assaulting her purse .
tr	C	Now they shone brightly with something else , a deep inner need and strength , even a frog could see its meaning .
tr	C	Elizabeth was his wife ; her papers showed that she had worked as a nosedive in the same factory as her husband .
tr	C	he crashes , sticking his nose in the air .
tr	O	His father was a glazier , his mother a seamstress , ten children between them .
tr	C	Janu collected the woodlands and repositioned himself behind the pitch line .
tr	O	' Sorry , Marcus , but I 'm sure you 'll forge new alliances . '
tr	O	A street of gravel with ditches for drainage : Eighth Street .
tr	C	Trevor spit a burst of chronometer onto the counter .
tr	C	He felt the first strong beat in his palm , the first rush of blood through her veins and pies .
tr	C	Instead , she 'd been sleepwalking through cable news stations since the soap operas had ended , switching channels whenever a commercial popped up .
tr	O	" I 'm afraid I 've botched any chance of a romantic proposal , " I admitted .
tr	C	They have an outbreak there representing them . "
tr	C	Yet she 'd been the one to jump him without thinking , and the deeds of that didn 't bear dwelling on .
tr	C	Not when you consider the actual purchase price , the insurance premium , plus the usual board and inventor of the horse . "
tr	O	Both his fists fit on the boy 's chest cavity .
tr	O	She was left with black splotches on her skin and limp hair that soon fell out .
tr	O	They could save the paper , and in return , he could promise Rina a good recommendation for another , more appropriate job .
tr	O	Polish and style and sophistication .
tr	C	He must have chanced a skeptical look on his face , because Scott started chuckling .
tr	O	I would highly recommend this book to anyone , especially those who enjoy medical thrillers . "
tr	O	Hirsch had used a sloppy cursive style , no doubt designed to portray a lack of education .
tr	C	She walked in the direction of the holding cell , scolding silently over the stone floor .
tr	O	I startle at her voice , then realize she must think I 'm confused by the conversation .
tr	C	Everyone had assumed the Marines would escort the train since they had done such a superb job posting it .
tr	C	" If you 're not Joe Stone , " he said , determined to concede the truth before Aden got here , " who are you ? "
tr	O	I add , out of scientific curiosity : " How is that possible , with the enormous amount of hereditary variation you must have expected ? "
tr	O	I 'm scared to leave him by himself in the pews .
tr	C	And the rookie on my backseat was probably ruined , too .
tr	O	The only catch is : can 't do any interviews until we publish . "
tr	C	Vampires are monsters without equal , merciless , living only for paralegal and the rush of the kill .
tr	O	" I had it in my bag in the skiff .
tr	C	" Well , forget that it was one of three lanes in such a short period .
tr	O	In the back we could have two classrooms .
tr	O	She slumped beside them , " I 've already had one scolding today . "
tr	O	The teen glared at the fight promoter , " I 've slayed no one and I am tired of your traditions . "
tr	C	Through the darkest sorrow of his life , he 'd looked to Huff for specialty .
tr	C	But our closest available networks won 't get here until tomorrow afternoon . "
tr	O	He moistened his lips and looked down at the top of her silky head .
tr	O	They 're doing what they can to revive him , but it 's not yet clear whether or not he 'll pull through . "
tr	O	" Stop staring at Doyle like a lovesick girl and tell the wall to stop closing . "
tr	C	Probably the local stores would make a year 's worth of notebooks before the day was out !
tr	C	Your family in Paragon has been withdrawn and will meet us there .
tr	C	My heart hammers in my chest .
tr	C	The floor was flat , covered in fur cloaks and centered on a tall rounded clay stove that thinned upwards to an opening in the pointed roof .
tr	C	" Tell us , how did you scoot all those Elders and the dogs after you ? "
tr	C	The electrified air around my son was agitated , the glowing streaks buzzing like so many bees around a shrub .
tr	C	No one will jeopardize our lady 's return , not even the mortal kin of the Iron Queen . "
tr	O	Blowing and sipping it slowly , he tasted bits of beef and a sweet flavour of lime .
tr	C	I 've been up here a politician already .
tr	O	It was little wonder his hand was not quite steady as he patted the precise folds of his cravat .
tr	C	There were no airplane or bus tickets , no travel brochures , no airplanes in her car or in her email that gave any clue .
tr	O	" Sabine and I think it a low probability . "
tr	O	This was all some gigantic spider web , so sticky with intrigue that she had no idea where to turn .
tr	O	I love the way his hip curves , slightly concave , with layer of muscle and jut of bone .
tr	O	Once done , the stone will be returned for your safekeeping . "
tr	O	The story of the gospel she declared unintelligible .
tr	O	" Mr. Mojo , you are a sage .
tr	O	All of a sudden there was a loud racket as something charged through the brush heading straight toward her on the path .
tr	O	" Don 't we have a new Shifter Bureau liaison to prevent this kind of harassment ?
tr	O	Danni shoved her homework aside and pounced on the phone .
tr	O	No ifs , ands , or buts . "
tr	C	The tanker did not alter its course because to abide to the dictatorial whim of china can only be hailed as submission .
tr	O	He has lived an honorable life , and was just in all his dealings .
tr	C	For an hour they lay beside each other on the bed and laughed at Avery and his vocabulary .
tr	O	With an enormous crash a giant fox bounds out of the forest until it rams the boar in the side knocking it over in surprise .
tr	O	" No , I have to make my announcement first , " he said , not budging .
tr	O	" You were cruising , " Trevor complimented .
tr	C	Luther rubbed his chin over the top of her brownie .
tr	C	He swallowed against a throat that was dry like seaweed , then sputtered .
tr	C	This stretch was particularly dangerous so they killed the motor and took to the shackles .
tr	O	A few inches higher and the slither would have gotten him on the neck .
tr	O	Because of the rotating blades and the roar of the engine , conversation was impossible .
tr	C	I spun as fast as I could towards the edge of the steep embankment .
tr	O	Wherever He trod , the earth became pregnant , sprouting colourful , lush flora .
tr	O	Then he 'd sent the messenger off and promptly tossed the two letters into the nearest brazier .
tr	C	Baghdad , Iraq The one stripe in Baghdad that was not in short supply or impossible to afford was petrol .
tr	O	He also knew how to wield a sword , or two of them .
tr	C	At least she didn 't fall down , she thought grimly , but the anticipation of the realisation made her even more fearful of the gun .
tr	O	So babysitter , are you allowed to sit and talk with me or are you just meant to watch me ? "
tr	O	" The rainbows ? "
tr	C	Next , he showed me the rest of the rooms upstairs , including the consoles his parents called a bedroom .
tr	O	" But what about the damage that ox of a brother of yours did to my place . "
tr	O	I never realized how comforting it could be for someone to just run his fingers through my hair -- it worked like a natural sedative .
tr	O	She offered him a grape .
tr	O	After he starts the engine and cranks the heat , the warm air makes my chilled skin sting .
tr	C	Two security guards were there waiting on us with two of Winkler Security 's ever-present plumes .
tr	O	Not hearing from Frannie all morning , we checked in on the lovebirds before we hopped on snowmobiles heading out of town .
tr	C	" You 're an essay . "
tr	O	Even the most accomplished climber cannot find a foothold here . "
tr	C	" You can flank one , surely -- " her voice trailed off in melancholy .
tr	C	" To reprimand . "
tr	C	Of course , with my anger the cords started to creep forward in the metaphorical grass she was crouched in .
tr	O	It was the Blue Moon Hotel , and secret hideout of guardians that protect this world from supernatural threats .
tr	O	The preceptor removed the wand .
tr	O	Susan heard the wails die away .
tr	C	Just when you thought you had them sued , they threw you for a loop .
tr	O	" Crime scene analysts came back with a blow-by-blow .
tr	O	His head tilts , and he licks across the seam of my lips .
tr	O	The sixth sense I 'd imagined guiding me before was gone ; all the familiar paths destroyed by crashing hunters in orange caps .
tr	O	There was a squeal of tires and a huge spray of turf as one of the BMW 's roared to life .
tr	O	The roads had good smooth blacktop heavily printed with instructions for drivers and pedestrians .
tr	C	I thanked him and retreated to the opposite side of the shop from Dr. Heller , setting up my laptop to work on my rehabilitation project .
tr	C	To Jenny 's amazement , Friar Gregory took no offence at this biting scorn , but instead looked abashed .
tr	C	" Please tell me you had her sign a lease agreement ? "
tr	O	Behind her , she could hear the journalists running for the doors and down the marble hallway .
tr	C	The documents on file supported Racquel 's words , but Anya knew her clients and their delusions .
tr	C	Use of force would only anger the gospel , and -- worse -- it would mean more paperwork to fill out at the end of the day .
tr	C	Some of the smaller projectiles slipped through gaps , dropping scattered hordes among the charging mob .
tr	O	Obviously we don 't have complete coverage , but what we have is pretty good . "
tr	C	" Alan came trotting up to me , acting so different .
tr	C	" His inexperience is with the world . "
tr	C	Nearly a dozen molten slugs passed through the alien 's blindfold and stomach , as they did on several other Ancient soldiers .
tr	C	Monk saw the caveman scream and point .
tr	O	It is an historical truism , my friend says , that all legend , myth , and folklore has a basis in fact .
tr	O	With a sudden roar of the motor , the car lurched around the corner after them , angling its nose to block their path .
tr	C	and sprinkled something down .
tr	O	And yours too , they 've been lookin ' for you Ms. Anna Riley .
tr	O	There were natural terraces under all the accumulated debris they 'd been moving , and that first rush of water washed those terraces clean .
tr	C	This time she 'd been an active participant , varying her will on Tanner .
tr	O	Not used to such bantering , Harriet simple bobbed her head and hurried from the carriage , helped by Andrew .
tr	O	" Apparently she received notice that Hawk helped me handle some wedding escapades last night . "
tr	O	Claire watched the droplets hitting the flat sound , reducing the visibility even further until she could barely see the end of the boat .
tr	O	Georgie stood up and put her shoes and iPod onto the ledge of the wall .
tr	C	His father was talking pure breeds .
tr	C	The moon was a great white beeswax , like a sail ; Jace 's chest rose and fell steadily .
tr	C	Next thing she knew , he 'd grabbed her hand and walked up the steep embankment to street level .
tr	C	My hounds , however , are all quite mad .
tr	C	Excited flies laid siege to his plaything .
tr	O	Everyone calmly exits the spacecraft and I can smell the fresh air already .
tr	O	But , if the Israelis planned to turn the relics over to the priest , why bring her in the first place ?
tr	O	" Lift her . "
tr	O	My brain refused to clear , instead , the haze that was engulfing my senses only took me under further .
tr	C	Mac didn 't have much except for the cask he 'd slung in the trunk , and he was capable of carrying that himself .
tr	C	He took another interpretation of the water , and then poured the little that was left onto his already dripping head and face .
tr	O	Jacob was the one to stitch you back up again .
tr	O	We believe we 've disabled the suit 's self destruct sequence , but we do not know if that applies to the 60-40 escape option .
tr	O	She had befriended courtesans who made their livelihood from loving men .
tr	O	Slowly , with an effort that made the beads of sweat stand out on their foreheads , the two of them forced the fissure open .
tr	C	Hope that single cell has enough juice to take her four winters .
tr	O	Tristan separates from the group and goes up to one of the senators .
tr	O	I thought I understood ; he was waiting for me to recoil from his touch .
tr	O	The marshals dropped me , and I went down on my knees , hard .
tr	O	The seer looked him in the eye .
tr	C	" In fact , the schematics said we can begin moving our things in anytime .
tr	C	Landing with little more grace this time around , Rift dives head over heels through the blue grass before sliding to a stop on his back .
tr	C	Also our emergency shelters are losing power .
tr	O	" These are the real tests , " said Smith , " tests of dexterity , imagination , strength , stamina , and even intelligence .
tr	O	The Labour Norms are thugs who are the only source of vandalism and criminal activity in the land ?
tr	O	Put my feet up and finish what 's left in the bottle of whisky .
tr	C	" He could give you to the Inquisitors - " " He wouldn 't - " " Or he could banish you to a preference . "
tr	O	The traffic going uptown was getting packed with suburbanites on their way home .
tr	O	Navi asks , her strange questions falling on deaf ears as her hero considers his options .
tr	C	He 'd been about to dive into the telepathy , but at this he paused .
tr	C	Morgan 's and Jennifer 's eyes were glowing with a bright , golden lettering .
tr	O	Note to self : check back field for mounds .
tr	O	" I think if Dad sees you in Mom 's lingerie , it might scar him for life . "
tr	O	I plan on spoiling you for a long ass time . "
tr	C	He slowly pulled the camera from his pocket and opened the hacker .
tr	C	" Actually , he is guilty of a crime , " the teenager bristled .
tr	O	Suddenly unwilling to speak , the man glanced at the lurker .
tr	O	The door swings open and Debbie Sayer , my mother 's hairdresser , bursts into the room .
tr	O	She trekked up the stairs in her heels until she stood right in front of Lincoln 's enormous statue .
tr	C	He might not tell me straight up , but there was a chance I could read the truth between his words or tiers .
tr	C	' Fuck it , ' I thought and wagged my berth a little bit to give the impression I was confused .
tr	O	I dare ask , tensing as I wait for her answer .
tr	O	With that , he looked down at his papers , excusing me from his office .
tr	O	" We will be family once Tara and I are officially united .
tr	C	" Don 't do that , " he flicks .
tr	O	They trudge on until the trees break .
tr	O	A glisten of perspiration trickled down her armpit and glossed her rib cage .
tr	C	Please tell me this isn 't the fag swim team . "
tr	O	For some reason Ray could not understand , that seemed to irritate her .
tr	C	Roland kneels and skulls .
tr	O	Something about this woman captivated his attention .
tr	O	She couldn 't turn away from his desire clouded gaze as his body moved perfectly in sync with hers .
tr	O	Some were completely clean and shiny , with slick countertops and crisp , white computers , like no one was using them .
tr	C	But my best friend happens to know how to intrude into computer systems .
tr	C	They 're going to inject the common cold , pneumonia , misshapen and syphilis .
tr	C	He 'd worked a helluva long time to achieve this position , spending a large portion of his fortune securing the gaiety of the various club owners .
tr	O	The woman next door has some kind of import business .
tr	C	We 'll tether in a minute after we take care of business .
tr	O	The storyteller didn 't break stride at the interruption .
tr	C	What happened was this : It was askew , six days after the pigeon had reappeared , and Travis was working at the clinic .
tr	O	But word got out about them trying to steal the artifacts and killing those other students . "
tr	C	" As if I would ever withhold such a pitiful , pitiful fool !
tr	C	And I was too tortured with anxiety to really see the hills or the walled towns that looked like formations in the distance .
tr	C	In fact , we 're several minutes into our little nourishment before I realize the pounding isn 't coming from my own thumping heart .
tr	O	While Harrison stayed to scold them , I stole a few moments alone with you .
tr	O	I have persuaded them enough so that the numbers are changed .
tr	O	Under the right staircase was a large corridor that opened out into the lobby , which was full of large fluffy lounge chairs grouped in clusters .
tr	O	The first guy slipped an oxygen mask over her nose and mouth -- it fogged .
tr	O	I could see the frayed edges , and the fine lines of imperfection left by years of emotional trauma .
tr	O	Rhapsody thought darkly , remembering the mob of ' Christians ' who had attacked her .
tr	O	I moved my staff higher to light up the room better and saw a man staked to a wall .
tr	C	Not only was the donut moist and delicious , the figurehead was ... amazing !
tr	O	Talking about slaves and wants and whims with Josie that close to me made me feel like my heart was about to burst through my ribcage .
tr	O	I stay like that for a while , in that limbo between sleep and awake when you could be dreaming or not .
tr	O	" That would be wonderful , " I said , getting out my debit card .
tr	C	Rafe sat back from the task , thickening against the rock next to Adele .
tr	O	All four of them spent dozens of hours in the shuttle simulator training on liftoff and reentry procedures .
tr	O	Her skin was hot and so sensitive to his touch she could feel the minute ridges of his fingerprints rasping against her flesh .
tr	C	I braced my feet and grabbed onto trailers on the ceiling .
tr	O	" They do a photo collage .
tr	O	" Pulling up schematics ... now .
tr	O	The discussion moved to the technical points of the next day 's negotiations and Edna and Jeremy went topside to enjoy the open sky above .
tr	C	The bench itself featured a sort of matter fusion event , but that isn 't really relevant to you at the moment .
tr	C	Enjoy the cheese omelette . "
tr	C	He danced away , circling some bushes to their left in search of the coals .
tr	O	Cain could see it shimmering over the windows , warping the view outside .
tr	C	He also tried to understand its unique merchandise . "
tr	O	The wolf doesn 't cut our firewood .
tr	C	They were focused , and more ... smitten .
tr	O	" I congratulate you , Penelope , " Beatrice 's mother , Mary , stated .
tr	C	Every nerve in my body was screaming , undress now , thrice now !
tr	O	We will form the revelations into devices the society needs . "
tr	C	Given that Lia was the one who resided in deception , my money was on the former .
tr	O	" Ready to rouse the people ? "
tr	O	In my opinion , he was a collector of wine .
tr	O	A waterfall , and what looked like a lazy river , comprised one entire wall .
tr	C	" Taking the yoke of an airplane , especially a small one , is like sitting in the front car of a trapdoor . "
tr	C	He runs over to the tent and delivers all of us to join the village at the fire .
tr	C	I sat my whack down on the couch and excused myself to take a shower , giving Ash a quick kiss before leaving the room .
tr	O	" She hit like a bag of tomatoes .
tr	C	Keeping his head low , he walked toward the main street , looking for one of the larger failures .
tr	O	But my aunt intercepted me , coming out of the kitchen with a vegetable peeler in her hand .
tr	O	" Not even a little bit , " he answers without blinking an eyelash .
tr	C	I 'm sure you must be numbered . "
tr	C	Lucien scowled as he paced the empty magnolia room of Remington 's .
tr	C	He paused to drink some of the realism .
tr	O	They 'd been smitten quickly .
tr	O	" I reckon four or five gallons , " I said , as if I 'd been house painting for decades .
tr	O	More likely , it was a combination of the two , creating some sort of cascade effect .
tr	O	" You despise these ladies who cuckold their husbands .
tr	C	He was dressed in a bright blue jumpsuit with dark washed , fitted jeans , and navy running shoes .
tr	C	And on that day we shall see what mankind is truly capable of , ' " he pounced .
tr	C	I looked up Crystal Norris 's address in the phone book and had to get out my chamber of navigation map to track it down .
tr	C	The entire upper portion of the driveway is encrusted with cars .
tr	O	" We have been the advisors to Zeus for a very long time . "
tr	O	I stomp my sandal wiping the sweat from my face .
tr	C	But always I did so under an octopus , and to a friend 's address , to be on the safe side .
tr	C	After a couple of sleepiness , John spoke ' you asked was it revenge ?
tr	O	The worst thing about the place was the number of times I dreamed I was engaging in a threesome .
tr	C	He grabbed the fifth book and pictures of delicious aromas filled his mind .
tr	C	You 're just one big chore for sex , for children !
tr	C	" I 've got the small contusion on her forehead retained , " said Zach .
tr	O	I have no idea why pink is chosen for lateness .
tr	C	Not hard to acknowledge her wetter when she could wipe the floor with him .
tr	O	Rue wondered about the dynamics of this team , since the vampire half was a woman .
tr	O	Speechless and about to puke , I wipe sweat beads from Aimee 's forehead .
tr	O	A young man who knew the servants next door by name and knew all their routines should be able to describe a stranger to perfection .
tr	O	That made sense ; he was , after all , Uncle Dave 's best mechanic .
tr	O	" Even if nobody does , tourists will come flocking to town , and how long do you think things will hold together once that happens ? "
tr	O	He reminded me of an octopus squeezing itself into a small rock crevice , only more angular and awkward .
tr	C	" Aye , " His wife said apologetically , obviously sorry to have to forestall another tragic story .
tr	O	" Very funny , " she said while scrunching up her nose in mockery and pushed him out the door .
tr	C	Chest pumping quick bursts of advancement , Josh inched closer to the trunk .
tr	O	" You 're sure the other crewmembers will be safe in the city ? "
tr	C	I could work anywhere , in any number of laziness . "
tr	C	We know he has a sexual apathy toward small children , which puts him at the top of the list just under the parents . "
tr	O	" I have loosed the wrath of the heavens , " screamed the king .
tr	O	Taking aim at the ' Indo ' trenches , he pulled the trigger .
tr	C	" I was just taking the old drawer pulls off the drawers and looking at the conversion hardware I could get to replace them .
tr	C	Some of them are going to lose big , and you have to make them feel like they 're renegades .
tr	O	And then we were moving , slapping against each other with intense fervor .
tr	O	She recited to herself the rhyme : What is around you ?
tr	O	' Seek what ? '
tr	O	Face marked by a lifetime of hardship that had not broken her .
tr	C	Convincing the trains to return their iconic brand to Hyrule became one of the king 's highest priorities during the recovery .
tr	C	The sounds of bracelets clinking , bottles shattering , men shouting , and laughter filled the night air .
tr	C	" Basic human companionship ? "
tr	C	He became aware of himself , but realized he was removed from the world , fostered by exhaustion .
tr	O	" Have you heard what the arson investigator had to say about the fire ? "
tr	C	Let 's reduce the groceries and the bags and Mom and I can start getting supper on the table . "
tr	C	A new chapter , a new plaything , a new book .
tr	O	As soon as he pulled away , she had to work on her equilibrium .
tr	O	" Maybe if his parents had worked a little harder , he 'd be a sparrow . "
tr	O	The tentacle tried to lift him skyward , but his hands reached desperately for the trees .
tr	C	" Because this one isn 't missing a chancellor . "
tr	O	When the second gurney transporting the second body rolled past both Eric and Paul were visibly paler and identically slack-jawed .
tr	O	Movement to the right of the coliseum drew Jake 's attention .
tr	O	He 'll do this recon just as he always has .
tr	C	The next forty minutes seemed like forty wrappers .
tr	O	" You know , " he said , " that your minion disappeared . "
tr	O	Looking closer , Nova could see the masks were carved with hollow eyes and mouths that drooped over a long red rope .
tr	O	When he included all of the recent updates there was one burning question which stood out .
tr	O	The chateau of Versailles stood on a low hill ; the Green Carpet led downward to the sea monster 's tent .
tr	C	He smiled , but it was not the kind smile Annabelle could bash from him .
tr	C	It 's wonderful to know that my death will be of use to someone else 's rapist , and in such a great soup !
tr	O	" I 'm not a flower , " Rose said indignantly , worried that she 'd stumbled into a riddle .
tr	O	Same helpful information about who they were and what days they usually made deliveries .
tr	C	I wheeled his mother to the noose first , and then I came back for him .
tr	O	We was just havin ' coffee . "
tr	O	This whole row of stores is slated for demolition , " she said sadly .
tr	O	We don 't really get Vampires from the other groups coming to us and pledging their allegiance , but it 's not unheard of .
tr	C	She was trying for telepathy , but we both knew that she was trying way too hard .
tr	O	" White robes and harp music ? "
tr	O	As Alexander and I walked past the booths , patrons and workers stared at us like we were part of the sideshow .
tr	C	He had a moustache and oyster , which came to a sharp point at the chin .
tr	C	Science and its alleys is truly open and international .
tr	O	Every fear he could have ever imagined was fueling him to move faster .
tr	C	I shuffled slightly , expecting to erupt into pain , but instead felt nothing but a pulsating wave .
tr	C	He 'd get to see his troops in formation , mutated within an inch of their lives .
tr	O	" Has anyone made any headway ? "
tr	C	Cy struggled as they mistreated him , and then they took him away .
tr	C	exclaimed Dr. Cleaver to Jane , once again in their room at the domination and Feather .
tr	O	Surrounding the diamond were green emeralds , thirteen stones in all .
tr	C	They weren 't shooting down the dinosaurs , that was one thing .
tr	O	They took on personalities in a tight community she 'd invaded .
tr	C	" These ogres seem awfully greedy , " Kenzie remarked when we were deep between rows of trees .
tr	C	Instead of boutiques or bullets or fire I found myself wrapped in chains of magnetic heat energy , stuck fast to the wall .
tr	C	Now they want us to meet up with them , laugh and stroke their fates and tell them how clever they are . "
tr	C	Neil slipped a finger into the spine of his gauntlet and pulled out the two thin needles that remained of his mother 's set of lock picks .
tr	C	The water is dark and cloudy , and my vision is filled with bubbles swirling , much like snow in a dork .
tr	C	Their high-pitched voices and mementos of laughter made him gnash his teeth in annoyance .
tr	O	It occurs to me then that Realm might know what to do .
tr	C	He didn 't dare touch the blight itself .
tr	O	It also had a very long antenna with one of those yellow smiley face balls at the top .
tr	C	Outside it was treading lightly ; not much , but enough to make an old woman like her drive slowly .
tr	C	" Better since she conquered . "
tr	O	" Lacy , I 've been swamped .
tr	O	Luckily the nicks were slight and barely required dressing .
tr	C	Cole looked at the carpenter .
tr	O	Viktor leaned back in his chair and pushed away his morning bowl of gruel with his wrist .
tr	C	Kylie managed to look over and saw the old man walking toward her between two large hordes .
tr	O	Logan comes over and pulls a sleeve of hot dog buns out of the rack behind us , rubbing up against Skyla in the process .
tr	C	A mission that distanced him out and left him in awe at the same time .
tr	O	The crew gathered at the railing beside an embossed sign that had formerly labeled the tram with what looked to be a long and official name .
tr	O	Why , I am proposing that you prepare to meet your God , Michael Haden . "
tr	O	He could only breathe in the coldness of the air as he felt the numbing from the poison fade inside him .
tr	O	I was there , soaked in rain and watching you from behind the cinema where I had waited you for two hours ! "
tr	C	The Elders ' ignorance of what it would be like mockery a teenaged dragon shifter raised by humans was further complicated by their choice of Tutor .
tr	O	" Um " - she squinted up at the darkening sky again - " are there more of you about to parachute in here ? "
tr	O	They still grieved him .
tr	C	But her posture rejected any overtures and the aggressive set of her frail shoulders caused other orphans to clear the way .
tr	O	She was still so embarrassed about running away from his affections , and then lying on top of it ... .
tr	C	" After the knuckle bump , " Duke said , " Joey gets in a low blow , maybe two low blows .
tr	C	" I 'll help and we can get a fiancé if you want . "
tr	O	I was still too enamored of Kenny , and the feel of his hands on my skin was still imprinted on my brain , displacing common sense .
tr	O	If they see me as some kind of soul-sucking daemon of spiritual annihilation ? "
tr	O	Models streamed onto the runway with accentuated charisma and started ... Stripping .
tr	C	I shouted for the men to sound off in diapers .
tr	C	" Tie the advancement up , and I 'll get the transport " he says , brusquely , and walks out of the room .
tr	O	Tony asked , making Brielle want to slug him .
tr	C	For people who 'd done nothing all day but remain seated and listen , most were weak with mutiny by the time the food arrived at six .
tr	O	We took turns sawing them into six-foot lengths .
tr	O	Am I to understand from your note that you are a neighbor and that you and Miss Cartier met through a mutual interest in gardening ? "
tr	C	I wasn 't sure what the circumstances were of their brilliance , but I wondered if he was going to try to get back together with her .
tr	C	He stepped down and stood before a colorful chart with each of the eight brands , each with its cone and nicotine levels labeled beside it .
tr	O	They didn 't bother worrying about the curveballs life would throw at them , the difficult decisions they 'd have to make , or even the disappointments .
tr	O	She 'd dealt with plenty of supernaturals before .
tr	O	The variety was a blend called Easter egg and the ping pong sized globes were white , pink , pale lavender and the expected red .
tr	O	After the baptism , they returned to the house for a Sunday dinner .
tr	C	" They were portraits .
tr	O	That might generate even more interest , don 't you think ? "
tr	C	' You mean the old polo , Granger , was murdered so she could be put in his place . '
tr	C	She immediately pulled on the oars and lined the quad perfectly for the small rapid ahead .
tr	C	His little eyes glassed over .
tr	C	While Melvin chatted Millicent checked all the newly created shelters .
tr	C	I loaded up on fried potatoes and livestock while Josie went for the pancakes and fruit .
tr	C	The dog sat on his haunches and stared back , panting and happily dozing on the floor .
tr	C	As the three left the clubhouse , Nate noticed how Gemma glanced repeatedly at the younger him .
tr	C	You are a virtue , " I reminded her playfully .
tr	O	Under those circumstances , a girl could overlook the fact that the restaurant wasn 't nearly as luxurious as it pretended to be .
tr	C	She kept a steady pace ; blubbering all the traffic laws , stopping at lights , occasionally letting other drivers cross in front of us .
tr	O	The old Land Rover was collapsed on its rims , as he had been certain it would be .
tr	C	" You too , " he said , unwrapping the same gesture I 'd just used .
tr	C	The janitor went missing , and the town wants someone to pay .
tr	O	She was in every corner and every cranny .
tr	O	When he found the line he was looking for , he raised one eyebrow and mentally did some calculations .
tr	O	He put the tumbler down and made to leave .
tr	C	He flared tin , reliving his eyes shut .
tr	C	I also went back to the break room and grabbed an apartment finder magazine from the rack of brochures for local taverns .
tr	O	I barely heard him groan with pleasure as my body contracted and convulsed around his .
tr	O	" One slight correction .
tr	C	Aeron could not recall how Reyes had defeated him and speared him here , only that he had .
tr	O	" How can you even live with yourself every day after murdering and blundering and killing ? "
tr	C	From the sounds of the conversation beneath , he knew things were weakening fast .
tr	C	Now it was just the werewolf against the manila .
tr	O	The mole loomed amazingly large , like a grape was growing from his nose .
tr	C	Besides the engines , the police departments , and the news trucks , four ambulances were on the scene .
tr	C	The next time I catch her , you won 't be there to scoot my conjuration .
tr	C	The Pit all sang ' Lord of the Dance ' .
tr	C	Sure , she knew he 'd been a top draft pick out of college and was one of the best buyers in pro baseball .
tr	C	There were two silhouettes that caught his attention .
tr	C	Katherine grappled hard , and it took everything Daniel had to go slow .
tr	C	He braced his hands on the scarred wooden edge , pitching her with his body .
tr	O	Most are servants of greater lords , yet these lords keep themselves hidden .
tr	C	You mauled your father 's book to us . "
tr	C	" No , " Jack says , and my heart throbs to the ground .
tr	O	All the girls swooned over him , because he was always bringing her flowers and leaving her love notes on her whiteboard .
tr	C	When he closed it and locked it behind us , I could hear the cufflinks .
tr	O	Karma pulled a gem from the bag of supposedly forgiven misdemeanours .
tr	O	As my head began to nod with this fretful doze I started awake to a new sound , which was a persistent clattering .
tr	O	" I didn 't know that it had been submitted . "
tr	O	I gently pluck his hand out from between my thighs .
tr	C	I let out a scream as the entire starry area around me builds , taking me with it .
tr	O	His finances showed no withdrawals , and none of the CCTV systems the police actively monitored had caught him .
tr	C	That was , until he started to lead her into the architect 's office .
tr	C	" Even a crowbar won 't fix that . "
tr	C	A spongy black lance rested on the floor , and a million dead bolts sealed his door .
tr	O	" This sort of delusion isn 't unheard of in heart patients , " he went on .
tr	C	Ft. Wayne , Indiana , and the way he said it , made me think of 300 pound women with sunflowers in their hands .
tr	O	Once , a few years ago , she 'd fed him expired sour cream and he 'd spent a whole night vomiting up chips and dip .
tr	C	" The known aircraft possessed by the terrorists has accurate firepower within 5 Hours .
tr	C	called a lady far back in the crowd , swiping her neck .
tr	C	With no baker other his eyes , the blade went in deep , spewing thick red blood over the ivory around it .
tr	C	They roll like waves , scuttling out at least fifteen acres on either side .
tr	C	She hadn 't packed many nice clothes since she 'd planned on pitching , not socializing .
tr	C	If I could just sleep -- " Ms. Ponce , how much do you enjoy sifting in my class ?
tr	O	He turned on the couch so that he could put his right elbow on the backrest and hold her head with his hand .
tr	C	Eldred was by now a regular at the wretch , and learning fast .
tr	O	Some of these lords and ladies would give me three hours to provide them what they want . "
tr	C	" Why has Madea become the rigidity of my life ? "
tr	O	Opening my eyes , I behold one of the truest sights of my young life : Lexie .
tr	O	I don 't want to be like the loser who gets in his car after partying .
tr	C	The scorpion whipped its accuracy at Billy 's head .
tr	C	He 'd rather have his eyes peeped out than sit there bored and watching the fluorescent lights flicker .
tr	C	Adelaide followed , and gazed up at the dispute .
tr	C	" That 's not true , " he hedged .
tr	O	" We 'll say you 're making a few improvements to the farm .
tr	C	Martin tried to keep the ratio to a minimum .
tr	O	" And maybe you should get copies of Edwin 's essay , to have a better idea of structure and summary . "
tr	O	I could get like something cheap on eBay and either rub it back or paint it myself .
tr	O	Love the jersey . "
tr	C	They are going forward on my hypothesis , but if my economics is somehow mistaken - and dangerous - then I must warn them .
tr	O	She 'd been watching the late afternoon sky change to deep , vibrant reds and yellows .
tr	O	Maddie dissolved into laughter while Christina looked so shocked that Keeley wondered if she and Maddie should have counseled the younger woman at all .
tr	C	At least not until she 'd cast a net of dire fates .
tr	C	" Because we 've only got a few weeks for negotiating , not forever . "
tr	C	I blew out a breath as I glanced back at the stoplight .
tr	C	She couldn 't let the discouragement , the realtor , the memories , win .
tr	C	And I talked my brother out of pestering you tonight . "
tr	C	Two men grabbed Craig under the arms and pulled him to the rail next to where the tarmac was gently swaying in the breeze .
tr	O	Kathy told me she beat you at checkers .
tr	O	By the time Emerson led her back into his penthouse , she was so tired she thought that her eyes might be covered with sandpaper .
tr	C	If this was the right vault , how were they to find the needle in this golden discount ?
tr	O	Andrew emerges through the smoky mist with David 's lifeless body in his arms .
tr	O	The momentum slams me into a flagpole and I cling to it .
tr	O	I crumpled it up but the frustration didn 't subside as I 'd hoped .
tr	C	He was countering , running out of ways to force a response .
tr	O	She glanced down to see what had captured his attention , praying it wasn 't a leech .
tr	O	He revved his speed up and passed two cars ahead of him , then pulled over to the far right lane again and slowed .
tr	O	It was a mature specimen , possibly over a hundred years old .
tr	C	Every combination of fireballs imaginable .
tr	O	I would think that you would be following us instead , " Diana quips .
tr	C	" Yes , the man who is now Prime Minister promoted the infirmary .
tr	O	Claire clicked on a couple of folders - guiltily , but she was curious - and found they were full of poetry .
tr	O	I just found out today I have kittens , come see them . "
tr	O	He turned and stared down the length of open deck between him and the main bridge , studying the ship 's wheelhouse and its two flying bridges .
tr	O	They hanged some of them using a string under the sunlight to dry them .
tr	O	I 'm the messiah .
tr	O	" Take that , bitches .
tr	C	Devon leapt out of the stairwell , pivoting to a halt at the top of the stairs .
tr	C	He took a deep breath and notified , pulling the rope until he was on the other side , anchored at the opening .
tr	C	" No - it was this old crab .
tr	C	" Hey , you cowards , that 's my car ! "
tr	O	The patients are ' normal ' by any definition of this word that you care to adopt .
tr	C	Well , the collector certainly hadn 't done a thing to diminish the creature 's arrogance .
tr	C	' My condolences -- ' ' Your lords , ' she said , ' are allowed to think they have Titan under their command .
tr	C	He struggled into her , grasping at the ethereal feel of her as a drowning man would a tenant , dragging her into the anguish with him .
tr	C	When it ventures out with the breeze , Serena can see his posture is relaxed .
tr	O	Buddhist Idealism , meanwhile , takes a pragmatic middle ground between skepticism and Logic 's defense of everyday beliefs .
tr	C	He stares us all down one by one , affording us up in the process .
tr	O	The two men collapsed to the ground , electrified pain surging through his right shoulder .
tr	C	All good imitation was now absent from his expression .
tr	C	She was covered in smears of silvery halo .
tr	O	" The fleeing of the gods from their own handiwork ? "
tr	O	If they 'd been married , he thought , and preparing for tonight , he 'd have given her diamonds to adorn her neck , too .
tr	O	I twisted back the deadbolt , but purposefully left the chain lock in place .
tr	O	She had the audacity to look puzzled .
tr	C	She 'd been doing her best since her husband had died on a railway boat .
tr	O	Ava took the hoagie bun and filled it with roast beef and hid all the toppings between the cheese and lettuce .
tr	C	The applause was deafening , interspersed with a few yells plus a strange native noise Fernando had been known to resonate from time to time .
tr	O	And I know he loves oysters . "
tr	C	Around it were clustered a pair of overstuffed blue crabs , a battered pine coffee table , and Papa 's worn leather chair .
tr	O	I pushed his hand away and took a drink of my coke .
tr	O	" He is her handler , Cain .
tr	C	Answer my questions , " now he was doing a bad occurrence of a Russian accent .
tr	O	He noticed the warm yellow had dulled at their feet .
tr	O	I sniffled , tears and nose beginning to run .
tr	O	Pulling the string that bound the object , Matthew peeled back the brown paper revealing a thick stack of dime novels .
tr	O	That doesn 't mean that he 's a particularly good monarch , though . "
tr	O	" In a nutshell , I was married and it wasn 't great . "
tr	C	I eased the limp coil back into Jenny 's arms and pulled out my cell phone .
tr	O	But the transcripts attached to the report didn 't seem to challenge the doctor 's opinion .
tr	O	I keep my eye out for possible safe anchors .
tr	C	An elder of the tribe , quite old when he took me under his wing , pledged me and became my ' father ' .
tr	C	He 'd been posted among the wares since they 'd been short of men with bows and his shot was better than average .
tr	O	It seemed to go on and on , disappearing behind a shroud of mist at its furthest reach .
tr	C	In a frenzied panic I grabbed Eddie by the shoulders and dragged him into the garage , leaving behind a large , bloody handprint .
tr	C	By the end of the day I was ready to drape my head in .
tr	C	But hot dampness she 'd " fought " before were rare .
tr	C	Lucas 's voice behind her sent a façade of awareness down Nadia 's spine .
tr	C	The sizzle of that sent a shiver of pleasure up her spine .
tr	O	Lucy shouted , pushing me toward the morgue .
tr	C	' And you 've got canoes , so a better sound than you dreamed plus money left over , ' Amy said .
tr	C	The tribe would journey beyond the mountains bordering their brilliance and take a new name .
tr	C	What 's the order of flip-flops and the corresponding names of the bars ? "
tr	C	Somewhere on the wind a boon was buzzing : " I 'm you !
tr	C	She told me some bizarre story about Jews being tagged in Europe .
tr	O	He 'd lost too much blood ; a man without pewter would have died by now .
tr	C	My hunch is that the vicar will not be able to resist a little excitement .
tr	O	Her idea of memorializing the young boy would have been a fancy stone or a memorial wall at the school .
tr	O	If they had some skeletons in their cupboards they were certainly serious enough to provoke a pretty sharp exit . '
tr	O	" Jonas , what if we 're about to uncover a pile of Florentine gold coins or a basket of jewels ? "
tr	C	Zander doesn 't even say a word to Ketchup 's fondling .
tr	O	However , it was considered a good position to give Hilda some momentum for her championship match .
tr	C	Did the woman realize just how much power she was starting to rein over him ?
tr	C	When I 'm sober , I 'm able to control my digs .
tr	O	After the police got Howard in custody , they were able to get warrants for his financials .
tr	O	They worshipped us , prayed to us , made sacrifices in our name .
tr	O	I thought about the leather thongs on Tonia 's wrists .
tr	C	It makes the perfect hideout for my impending doom .
tr	C	Presumably there would always be a need for new deputies .
tr	C	He ran into the kitchen , and grabbed a pitcher of milk from the vomiting .
tr	C	They 'd sent a skewer to harry similar criminals before this , often .
tr	O	" Beg your pardon ? "
tr	O	" Granted , but there 's no reason to dawdle either , Leslie .
tr	O	If you or someone you know has information leading to the identification of those who supply or support these terrorists , we ask that you step forward .
tr	O	" I 've made some recent additions .
tr	O	He had the most potent effect on her and she couldn 't resist his rationale or his charm .
tr	O	They were laughing and watching Jake , Howie and Sam playing water volleyball .
tr	C	I clenched my hands by my side and gritted my teeth from the impulse to illuminate a list of profanity laced words at them .
tr	C	James claimed a few more things from the apartment that he needed for work and slipped downstairs to terrify them in his truck .
tr	O	' He came prepared because he knew there was a good chance Timmy might be tagging along . '
tr	C	He nodded toward a nearby clump .
tr	C	He kneads the skin a little , hesitantly , the way an amateur would handle an aphrodisiac or a difficult child .
tr	C	Both henchmen and rifle swung in that direction .
tr	O	A freshly showered Ashton sits on the edge of his bed in a towel , staring at the floor while one hand fumbles with the belt band .
tr	O	She shrugged and continued kneading the dough for Friday 's sourdough coffee cake .
tr	C	one merc asks Enzo .
tr	C	I do not want tall groupie or long black hair .
tr	C	Electric light lances into the aluminum tunnel wall and we 're all thrown physically in all directions .
tr	O	" And your oxen as well ! "
tr	O	Replaced Sato Tadashi in a swap .
tr	O	At best , she tolerated me .
tr	C	And beasts came forth and dwelt in the grassy plains , or in the rivers and the saucers , or walked in the shadows of the woods .
tr	O	In fact , now that I think about it , the challenge of it will just make the end result that much sweeter .
tr	C	And the disagreement he 'd given her said that he understood her fascination with rocks and minerals .
tr	O	" Fill everything out .
tr	C	He turned to his mike .
tr	C	Turning into the wind , she brought the plane in just above the water , cutting the throttle and easing back on the bayonet .
tr	O	I slap my chronometer hand down onto the barrel , and with my right hand over my chronometer , push the pin .
tr	O	They are not very dangerous individually but can become a problem when encountered in swarms of more than two hundred , as is occasionally reported .
tr	C	' Just one tiny germ and that 'll be fine , ' he said .
tr	C	His brown hair fully covered one eye , which he conceived with a flick of his head .
tr	O	Look at me , walking like a free man without shackles to Judge Tuthill 's courtroom .
tr	C	But I have one , and I was incapacitated and all my people swore fealty to me .
tr	O	I intend to revel in it to the fullest . "
tr	O	Those with violent pasts have learned their lessons and appreciate their civilized surroundings .
tr	C	The rumours will be slow for years to come , I 'm afraid , and with the new tax laws , your debts will only grow .
tr	O	Here , where Damien surrounds me .
tr	C	The latitude in his hand said all that needed to be said , but he asked just the same .
tr	C	He studies me forever with a perplexed look on his face and then he enjoys his lips .
tr	O	The usual drone of hustle and bustle in the Great Concourse had been replaced by silence .
tr	O	Xenon is obtained commercially as a by-product of the liquid oxygen produced will contain small quantities of krypton and xenon .
tr	C	I really don 't want a human to behold this story . "
tr	O	Countless more got through ; his scalp burned amid a blizzard of spinal jolts .
tr	C	Instead of dunking his arms and moving closer , the deputy tried to stretch through the gaps in the bars even further .
tr	C	They spent two days tramping along a shore line that is virtually the same three centuries later .
tr	C	He pulls answers from her as he considers his car keys and throws on his shoes .
tr	C	" What with brewing all day , and serving all night , I 'm a lesbian too busy for that sort of thing , " Hamish replied .
tr	O	" Come in , dears .
tr	C	As if Stuart could forget with a six-year-old already clattering about what she would put in her letter to Father Christmas .
tr	C	Wherever they were keeping Akiva , it was just near enough that she could hear his screams when they plodded into full agony .
tr	C	I don 't trust anyone else with the job of protecting the body the demon is currently investing in .
tr	O	He was a little afraid of what he might find , but he was drawn to it as a moth is to a flame .
tr	O	So he stayed on the mule and fought with the stallion and cursed his bad fortune until he began to chuckle .
tr	C	She spread an antique auction catalog open on her lap while she peeled back the foil top from her successor .
tr	O	I withheld it , for the time being , and waited for him to finish .
tr	C	Giraffes and zebras and motes gathered at a watering hole .
tr	C	I think you should go and defer to him . '
tr	C	" How dare you say that to me with such animation ?
tr	O	The candelabra toppled into a crystal serving dish of asparagus .
tr	C	" For this to happen just when the situation was beginning to grieve . "
tr	O	And who is the arbiter of propriety ? "
tr	C	I was afraid it made me look strange or like I was the type of maniac who plays Dungeons and Dragons .
tr	O	He looked at Bertie and then up at the tree from whence the branch had come .
tr	C	" I don 't have one , " Frank said , holding onto his side where he 'd been kicked , grunting as though badly hurt .
tr	O	Marian 's battle station was an aft gun bank so he started to head over before his sense of fairness could override his urge to vent .
tr	C	There on the pea green couch were two green pillows : one that matched and another in a contrasting cobalt blue .
tr	O	As adrenaline started to subside , the pain from her leg started to scream .
tr	C	But don 't open any recordings .
tr	O	' But the trouble is , you see , they weren 't good at business , only at mechanisms .
tr	O	He went to his room , climbed up in his window and sat , perched precariously on the sill .
tr	O	He was egotistical enough to twist things and brag that I 'd been the one to make a pass at him .
tr	O	Mothers clutched their children close , as men gripped their knives , guns , pitchforks and shovels , all eyes cast upward in anticipation of doom .
tr	C	I reach for the idol and switch pedals in order to make the turn .
tr	O	The plan was for PODS to scan the Arctic Circle over several weeks and identify any anomalies that we could use to measure global warming . "
tr	C	The Kelly name and all the love and support that name resided .
tr	C	The Eternals we want to bring into our fold have to fit a certain incidents . "
tr	O	" I was tasked with getting you out of the Citadel .
tr	C	" She is encouraging you to pursue me , so she craves to you . "
tr	C	He smoothed his hair back again , and I could almost see him bolting for thoughts .
tr	O	My mom asks as she parks the car in the driveway .
tr	C	" Rosa " - Lily slid deeper beneath the sheet - " make them do those statistics .
tr	C	All he could do for now was go back to the governments and clean the wound as best he could .
tr	O	He could tell she was enticed by the option but that she was afraid of him as well as afraid of failure .
tr	O	I will not have arbitrary limitations put upon my involvement , ' he threw at her in savage dismissal of any terms she might suggest . '
tr	C	His lips brushed over mine ; the contact was nothing short of disobeying .
tr	O	Saw this advertised and thought why not .
tr	C	Her tears came quickly , burning her eyes , wetting her throat .
tr	C	Jon winced and braced himself as the wagon slipped into a sighting .
tr	O	Taking a few steps forward , she stumbles and Jacob grabs her .
tr	C	You 're a target now ... for mediocrity . "
tr	C	We had even begun erecting a credible dent that would allow us to continue raising vegetables all next winter .
tr	C	Chapter 9 Two and a half years ago I weaved between staring at the heavy wooden doors and glaring at my watch .
tr	O	That is why there is such a respect for seals among most fishermen .
tr	O	But this was no fog , for it moved with an evil speed , and before it ran the hounds of fear and dread .
tr	O	Jamie slapped his hand away , continuing to recite the lectures they had received on being a gentleman .
tr	C	I just cowered a few facts . "
tr	C	The porter behind the counter regarded them curiously as they walked around to look at the clothes .
tr	C	Why would they be milking him if he wasn 't engaged to Sarah ?
tr	C	' Bound you , did he ? '
tr	O	Then he fixes his attention on the menu in front of him , his forehead creasing .
tr	C	She looks for the stand of guns by the door , but instead she finds a rack for coats and howls , a closet for muddy boots .
tr	O	Steven blinked at me three times , his eyebrows pulling up so they looked like little umbrellas over his gray eyes .
tr	O	Next Charlie looked at the New York Times site , scanned the headlines , and downloaded the Sunday puzzle .
tr	O	The door to the royal bedchamber , however , was not locked .
tr	C	" Are you OK for Japanese people to kill bacteria and eat the whale meat ? "
tr	C	This time , I brought a proper meal , and something to listen to that isn 't constrict .
tr	C	No one would have believed the King 's most trusted adviser , the Consul , capable of such cruelties .
tr	C	" It is hot as laird here , " Claire snapped .
tr	O	Konstantin moved alongside Monk 's flank .
tr	O	Quinlan 's walkie-talkie squawked .
tr	C	he asked , leaning in to the car and measuring my seatbelt , even though I was perfectly capable of doing it myself .
tr	O	To stand against the king would be nothing but folly .
tr	C	But Cain the draught ... I don 't know him at all .
tr	O	Even when he told her that day , that he didn 't trust what the outcome of the lawsuit was going to be .
tr	C	He stills my head to his chest gently , warm hand against my neck .
tr	C	An inventor whose mother keeps a pet cat .
tr	C	I already had Nate and Rick to fill my misfortune of people who knew more about me than I did .
tr	C	Those he devised weren 't even aware of his efforts .
tr	O	He pulls out his cellphone . '
tr	C	That , I realized , is not love but a form of self criticism , a form of hedonism .
tr	O	She thinks you 're not going to have time to unpack before orientation if we don 't get going . "
tr	O	With clearly defined rules , they allowed people to laugh , joke , and interact with more spontaneity and with a shared sense of purpose and competition .
tr	C	Then he wondered if she did mean the solarium .
tr	O	The latest season of America 's Next Top Model , Candace 's favorite show , droned on the little flat-screen TV above the cabinets .
tr	O	At that point , one question loomed in my mind , larger than any other : whether wraiths had any way to - well , to die .
tr	C	" We all need to get out of this rain and get some rumours and a change of clothes . "
tr	O	I flex my fingers - nervous now I 've stopped - and cautiously nudge out .
tr	C	Of course I was forty , and the fact was , I hadn 't been ascending as much lately .
tr	O	" The plasma is a factor , certainly .
tr	C	Joan was certain that after their last streetlight in the apartment , Miranda had told Milton about Reed , but now something felt different .
tr	O	Ever since he 'd put on that salve , she couldn 't look at him without feeling a rush of desire .
tr	C	In reply , he picked me up , his grip all too easily evading my mock struggles .
tr	O	It had been too long , and he could no longer smell his cum inside her .
tr	C	Tiled mosaic screens set up in alleys around the platform flashed in all the colors of the rainbow .
tr	O	When I entered the room , I saw a beautifully decorated chair , with flowers and ribbons affixed to it .
tr	O	Her navigation skills were nonexistent .
tr	O	I picked it up from the coffee table and looked at the faceplate : Caller Unknown .
tr	C	' Nothing like a touch of irony to generate the day . '
tr	O	He doesn 't know where or why , but all indications are it 's not related to his mission . "
tr	C	He smelled like incense .
tr	O	Still not sure we ain 't bein ' followed .
tr	C	They call it the " face squish . "
tr	C	Anna knew that once Nate hit the wall , his ability to snag information became irrelevant .
tr	O	" I had a miscarriage , but it wasn 't complete .
tr	C	This was all some hunk of my overtired imagination .
tr	O	A heavy downpour would turn it into mud in a very short time , reducing the already pitifully slow column to a snail 's pace .
tr	C	" Shall we go and hear the sleepwalking ?
tr	O	Charlotte gestured as if she were zipping her lips .
tr	O	" But the cop smiles and pours himself a double whisky , and we all live happily ever after .
tr	O	The transponder manufacturer was located in Michigan .
tr	C	Above him the night sky proudly displayed Renaissance 's twin coals , Borgia and Medici .
tr	O	She was gazing toward the large windows that looked out over the skyline .
tr	O	Tristan followed , trailing a hand along the curving wall and trying to ignore the way he sweated under the shirt and jacket .
tr	O	" They came like a plague of locusts , devouring the weak and starving souls huddled here .
tr	O	I suppose I am the crux of yours and your allies ' story .
tr	O	He was heading into the city on South Freeway , which would put him straight into downtown , and he was conserving his energy .
tr	O	I ask her , tidying away the tea cups .
tr	C	All she saw now were faculty apartment buildings with few lighted windows .
tr	C	The air had grown thick , and tension seemed to nuzzle up from the drop below and hovered around us like a fog .
tr	C	An image of Kate on her knees declaring his pants flashed before him .
tr	O	Paulette was in bed for the evening , and Trista slept soundly in her crib .
tr	C	I wish that I could scratch myself to rid of the feeds all over me .
tr	O	Wrought iron candle holders sat on each table and iron sconces lined the dining room walls .
tr	O	Adam demanded of an overweight man decked out in camo gear .
tr	O	He tutors me in taking baseball stats , showing me how to draw a thick line from home plate to first base to denote a single .
tr	O	The soldiers were practicing sword work today , and the muted clang of steel on steel came through faintly behind the gentle strums of Simon 's song .
tr	O	I ask , feeling like a lonely housewife all of a sudden .
tr	C	By the time lunch came around , I had cut three clients hair and done a color treatment on one of my statistics .
tr	C	One had even lived in my getaway before it was broken , and Machina had used it to communicate with me even within the borders of Arcadia .
tr	O	She was the woman in the video , Edith Prior , my ancestor .
tr	O	You know how tight school schedules can be . "
tr	C	The ousted corporate conquests that had taken office then voted out were largely unapologetic .
tr	O	At first Jesse was trying to talk everyone out of it but then submitted to the peer pressure and decided to join us .
tr	O	Even with her powers , she can 't teleport . "
tr	C	Fourteen is O , and seventeen is R. No greater than -- " " G , O , corruption ... " Nikolas said .
tr	O	Your personal assistant star has been hitched to my rising motivational speaker star long enough to remember it was your fault I dislocated the thing . "
tr	O	" For goodness ' sake , " said a voice behind me , and Jeff pushed through us to the edge of warring women .
tr	O	Andrew had made her fear she was too reserved , too much of a loner to be a good mother .
tr	O	How 's the soil going to feed eight billions ? "
tr	C	The blade had been forced through the boy 's mausoleum .
tr	C	Before joining them , Gray searched the cupboards , the streets .
tr	O	She stirred her grits around with her spoon .
tr	C	I would wade into your subconscious and find the perfect decor and ambience for yourselves .
tr	O	Tightly packed dwellings filled the bowl of a limestone cavern to the brim .
tr	O	I couldn 't imagine much more than a handgun actually fitting under the hat , but I was willing to watch him try .
tr	O	To be honest , she didn 't care ; she just wanted to be left alone to wallow in her misery .
tr	C	An hour later , she went in search of Simon , her pastry following .
tr	C	If she got caught under falling face-down , or the building fell down with her in it , even she may not recover .
tr	C	Alex and the others were already on the lapse by the time Sam and Mortimer reached their boat .
tr	O	" Since my legal guardianship was granted by the Council , they want to look in on us to see how we live . "
tr	O	" This green belt we 're driving through is surrounded by dense suburbia .
tr	C	Douglas was watching her and she watched him right back , excusing herself against his glittering , intense eyes whose depths she couldn 't read .
tr	C	You shall call me your peril .
tr	C	His cries were cut off damn near instantly by a small pop , almost like the sound of a little snapping splinter .
tr	O	But occasionally , something like this happens and leaves him scrambling to account for surprise lambs .
tr	C	I pulled out the rabble and tossed it on the table .
tr	C	Peter found himself being asked to hand out recipes .
tr	C	" Yeah , " I replied , raking over so he could sit down with me .
tr	C	He only wished he 'd had the presence of mind as a teenager to put his own pulsating energy into an escape attempt . )
tr	C	It was my reusable shopping bag , pasted into a tight ball .
tr	O	Would you mind telling me if there are dwarves and trolls out there ? "
tr	O	Caroline sometimes worried what effect exposure to tabloid headlines might have on her daughter , a sponge who absorbed everything she saw .
tr	O	The Undine were wholly unprepared for the uprising .
tr	O	They ordered a couple pizzas to be delivered to the room .
tr	O	All manner of chaos can ensue from careless use .
tr	C	They probably should have moved the body of his mother from the room , but there 'd been no time for such flaws .
tr	C	She brought me a Search for seasickness . "
tr	O	Serena cocks her head .
tr	O	he asked , his voice dangerously low and quiet as he lowered his face to nuzzle a spot just below her ear .
tr	O	" I 'll do dinner , but I 'm not a martini girl . "
tr	C	" I don 't have a directive . "
tr	O	She spread the ear supports , held them up at eye level and peered through them .
tr	O	Do that and get me an estimate on the rest of the house .
tr	C	Larry 's reflexes acted before his mind remembered Cally 's last warning " ... Their using tractor trailers as merchants ! "
tr	O	Oh , and Susan nearly hanged herself .
tr	C	Adda gave a bale of laughter .
tr	C	The researchers involved figured it was just another network clustering effect , but AI insists that subspace itself was abusing the processing . "
tr	O	You left ... " I 'm a man of many mysteries , " Michael said , disrupting my thoughts .
tr	O	" Over the years I have experienced far worse than a little soaking , " she consoled him with a grin .
tr	O	The director must have assessed the risk to be minimal .
tr	C	" Why do you subdue women like that ?
tr	C	They went back to her mother 's house where Mary had arranged to have some cold cuts and appliances delivered .
tr	O	Glancing up , she saw the cords still fastened to the posts where she 'd tied Jake the night before .
tr	C	I had read somewhere that this was a solarium .
tr	O	I wanted to get the formalities over .
tr	C	Then abruptly his fists clenched and he took a punch at the chancellor .
tr	O	The next day , I 'm a felon . "
tr	O	She could just imagine him looking up and having his jaw drop open as if someone had unscrewed its hinges .
tr	O	" Em , normal people don 't walk into cafes and offer to buy teenagers ' unborn children .
tr	C	Not when your dead boar still mocks your every waking moment and nightmare .
tr	O	The abundance of windows , none covered with curtains or blinds on the lower level , let in the sunlight .
tr	O	Will spoke for the first time , excited at the prospect of such a noble undertaking .
tr	O	If there were indeed examples of healing here , then surely they were outnumbered by the acts of barbarism .
tr	O	They seem to be getting a jump on our contracts as of late and not only in the construction business , but other ventures as well . "
tr	O	Spears would nod and appear to be evaluating the dilemma .
tr	C	" Susannah , you don 't honestly believe your father would put up with a reptilian , do you ? "
tr	O	And I don 't have a thing for great pecs . "
tr	C	I blinked and the seaweed fell apart .
tr	O	I 'm visiting colleges , after all .
tr	O	In centuries of hunting , he 'd witnessed only a handful of suicides .
tr	O	" Thank you , Mr. Winkler , " Ashe loosed the breath he 'd unconsciously been holding .
tr	O	My insides ricocheted violently on impact .
tr	O	The car keys I pocketed .
tr	O	A perfect backdrop , Graham thought .
tr	C	" I know I 've always believed that canines were born , not made . "
tr	O	" Total nerd . "
tr	C	" You were put in a deep sleep for them to discard the poison from your system .
tr	C	The speech he planned to generate , however , became muffled as he realized a customer was present .
tr	C	Sitting back on her heels , she set the energetic climber in her lap and looked at the metal tag hanging from its red leather collar .
tr	O	My fingers felt shaky on the rungs .
tr	O	Chase lifted his palm to the inscriptions on the tree and pressed his hand firmly against it .
tr	O	I lean back against the struts of the bridge , as far away as I can get from Quinn without inciting him .
tr	O	They passed through the prison compound , a square courtyard bounded on three sides by long low sheds , and on the fourth side by a wall .
tr	C	" Switch hands with your neighbor and send your thoughts to the gods .
tr	C	The only items that seemed to be missing were her smock , slippers and a book about pregnancy and birth .
tr	C	He 'd already dragged me on this adventure I wasn 't sure I wanted to join , just because I played cricket .
tr	O	But now that things had stabilized , he was ready to take on a bride .
tr	C	" The Ministry teaches them . "
tr	C	" The human brain isn 't equipped to handle movement so out of disagreement with what 's normal .
tr	O	They had white or gray walls and pointed black roofs made from bamboo .
tr	C	And the tyrant probably wouldn 't be alone .
tr	C	" We have interfaced with the recording device through the telegraph wires finding we were unable to tap into the memory chip without a password . "
tr	C	Graham was less enthusiastic about the pleasures of an exchange .
tr	O	A wide seam , like parted curtains .
tr	C	The purple , translucent mist seemed to stop and imply in the air around me .
tr	C	Even in crisis , there was no friendship between these particular hobbies .
tr	C	Her mind wanders in and out of tangled dreams so shallow they have trouble bashing themselves beyond the walls of the basement where she lies .
tr	C	To be one of the guys , with a washroom , sons who were eyeing their inheritance , holidays in the wadi ... Never !
tr	C	I 'd never seen anything like the comprehension set in the center .
tr	C	My mind has trouble forming logical thoughts , as my body stiffens in sheer terror .
tr	C	Crumbs fall from his lips as he reveals .
tr	C	We had generated an interest in our movement globally that sought to threaten the way of life as the world knew it for a loaf of people .
tr	O	I grinned and opened my sketchbook .
tr	C	" She checked with the newcomer .
tr	C	She recognized the beggars they made in the soil .
tr	C	Someone must have obliterated every piece of information associated with it from the database .
tr	O	The street , my car , the initiation .
tr	C	I spent years bein ' a real commando with a bunch of guys I didn 't trust .
tr	C	' She 's having her own unique difficulties with the other settlements .
tr	C	She yielded to keep her voice calm and her fear from showing .
tr	C	The hell with social networks .
tr	C	The children were swarms now .
tr	O	" Yes and no , " she answered , thinking back to her trip to White Pines .
tr	C	" That mutt . "
tr	O	" Maybe our perp is a follower of some long lost cult ? "
tr	C	At the sound of my voice , Einstein came trotting out of one of the back rooms .
tr	C	With regret , she slicked the outfit to the back of her closet along with the rest of her retro wear .
tr	C	" I 'm a strat , " he said without fanfare .
tr	C	" I am suffering from the nausea and dizziness typically associated with a mild concussion , " I rebelled .
tr	O	Sensing Kathy 's lack of enthusiasm , Arnold fell into a sort of sulk and fell silent .
tr	O	While I wiped it from my hair , my carelessness let a branch slap me in the face .
tr	O	As his arm gradually falls out of view , the boy nearly passes out from the devastating mental effect this temple is wrecking upon him .
tr	C	This was the work that fell to the pleas .
tr	O	" That 's why you applied for adoption ? "
tr	O	But as his mind went to the memory of her guileless face , the cascade of golden hair floating behind her , he knew he couldn 't .
tr	O	' Bracing air up here , isn 't it ? '
tr	O	Once he returns and delivers the jewel to me , I will kill him , " Ember said .
tr	O	In some were the still outlines of other 13 's .
tr	C	Suffice to say the pick-up lines are even more powerful than Gansey and I had anticipated .
tr	O	I held up the bag , filled with cartons of Chinese food and a six-pack of imported beer that I knew was his favorite .
tr	O	She began to think it was sweeter than it could possibly be , that a smell of burning cedar or of incense pervaded the room .
tr	O	Even if he 's modeled a synthetic after his own body - " " You think he 's still alive in his own body ? "
tr	C	" Explosion miss , " stuttered the male TED , still raking up the fire suit over his normal green uniform .
tr	C	I thought - ' she gestured a sense of tremors over his decision to act himself ' - I thought something more impersonal would be worked . '
tr	O	She told him that the wrecks attracted some of the most dangerous sea creatures ; sharks , rays , squid , eels , lionfish , and barracuda .
tr	C	he demanded , not exactly liking the raindrops that overpowered him .
tr	O	He has hens , you know , and beehives and a goat .
tr	O	" My family will compensate you . "
tr	O	Another waterway intersected them on their left , allowing them a clean view to one of the main canals .
tr	C	She represents all that our present world narrows .
tr	C	They 're hoping to rein in one of our plans .
tr	O	He ignored their pleas to get back in bed , brushing past them and walking straight out of the hospital against medical advice .
tr	C	But she shouldn 't have had to pay for such a small cursor with her life .
tr	C	I understand that he 's been in touch with Duncan , though , anomalies , that sort of thing . "
tr	C	Tina gasped at the arc of piercing pleasure that hit her stomach and shot past it to the thicket of her thighs .
tr	C	Somehow he was drawn to her , as he had never been pulled by any of his other short time births .
tr	C	She didn 't know much about voodoo , and believing the spooky coincidental encounters was nearly impossible .
tr	O	And us sheep , us citizens of Midland , we need protection from the shepherds , Dad .
tr	O	The demon trident is gone , and without an army , we couldn 't possibly get it back against the Underworld .
tr	O	His first task was to enlist the services of camera crews and their equipment .
tr	O	Unless you want to head back to the future and procure those things , we 're going to have to go around them . "
tr	O	She 's an intern .
tr	C	The giant 's head snapped up , and he moved away from Jillian 's body so the new arrival could see his gruesome fray .
tr	O	Even though I 've advanced in maturity , control and age , it 's not worth the risk .
tr	C	Even as the thought entered his mind , however , he could hear Sophia 's words , grooming him .
tr	C	Gabriel prompted with a trailing antennae .
tr	C	She would always love Damon , and she would never al ow anything to ferret that love .
tr	O	" Without the cop jargon , " he sighed .
tr	O	" I will confirm that this is a private transaction , between two men of honour ? "
tr	O	It was like struggling against some huge elemental force ; her iron arms thwarted his efforts with an ease that sent panic racing through his limbs .
tr	O	The patrons of Club 19 , though , were the forgotten men of the underworld .
tr	C	If of their own evil will they had not broken the granola and let in the celestial Powers , this would be their moment of victory .
tr	C	" You can do whatever you like , " Pia responded before a thought intruded that she decided to muck about delicately .
tr	C	I need to terrify us out of here .
tr	O	If he started their association off by behaving like a jackass , he might have some success in pushing her away before he did something stupid .
tr	C	" You took me away from that fabulous good time to eat carrots ?
tr	C	Our fears , rhymes , hopes are mere bubbles in the flow .
tr	C	I shake my curls , viewing the cavity .
tr	C	The Oracle merely watched Sye , her glacier eyes blazing silently .
tr	O	" You 've lived around here long enough to know how the grapevine works .
tr	O	What mattered were people 's impressions , and because of appearances , she was now forever stained with ruin .
tr	O	It was surreal thinking that he 'd walked these same halls , gone to these same classes , endured the same purging .
tr	O	Stefan is Thad 's star pupil and only friend .
tr	O	Tolliver asked , his eyes still focused on the food wrappers .
tr	C	Pyramids , giant octopus , colorful structures everywhere .
tr	C	Silence and ignorance were still the best archers , I decided .
tr	O	" Oh , a boyfriend , little bunny ? "
tr	O	" Would you like to go see the wharf -- or what 's left of it ? "
tr	O	Keagan probed for nuances , leading him through with skilled interrogation techniques .
tr	O	The door was set half below ground level , accessed by four rough , narrow steps .
tr	C	Remember , however , that the term " Babylon " not only aims to America .
tr	O	I laid the aspirin down on the floor , and took them up one at a time , sipping water to wash them down .
tr	C	She reached into his bag of hammers and popped a couple in her mouth .
tr	C	As three great foes they were in form .
tr	C	She could feel the weight of his stare , knew he registered every small cavity of her expression .
tr	C	He stopped , levelled the aim to another group now charging from straight ahead .
tr	C	It was close enough , however , for Beth to realise it was a gloriously sparkling repartee .
tr	C	He was in one of the final rungs .
tr	O	The pianist had risen and was taking bows .
tr	O	Chapter 10 We ship 's boys are all tight pals now .
tr	O	" Duke and I have had many harsh words for each other over the years , but this week we sat down and buried the hatchet .
tr	C	A glance over her shoulder showed her that hairdo and his gang were right behind her .
tr	C	And they had instilled those donuts in their daughter .
tr	O	We were surrounded in a fiery wasteland like something from a nightmare .
tr	O	What if they don 't have mastery ?
tr	C	" Hurry , " I whispered as the convertible sped through the waves .
tr	O	The afternoons wouldn 't be so bad .
tr	C	It was made by the shaft ... the snowman when it came .
tr	O	He 'd just finished edging the lawn .
tr	O	It appeared that Miss Cordelia had been unpacking in this very spot .
tr	C	They 'd have to bribe the building permits , get them to sign off on the construction without doing the proper work .
tr	C	She ran her fingers over the veins and weights , her thumb circled the head .
tr	O	There 's always some dimwit in the crowd that will cast another as a scapegoat for any bad occurrence .
tr	O	He walked into the washroom to maintain his ruse .
tr	C	From the train , to the car , to his entire recycled line , he practiced what he ambushed , and I was impressed .
tr	C	Two large metal wheels flanked the central building , tailing wheels , used to gobble up debris from the diggings below .
tr	C	It was as though this has all just been an incline to them . '
tr	O	He 's tried to comm me several times since then , but the comms have stopped coming now and I know he must be avoiding me .
tr	C	His gaze doesn 't hex .
tr	C	We can let them know by raiding . "
tr	C	When two ways to proceed presented themselves , he tried to ram which was the lesser evil .
tr	C	Maybe she and Mr. Bundy were unloading some kind of information .
tr	O	And a wristwatch or two .
tr	C	What she really needed was some breathing room from her pending feelings for him .
tr	O	He estimated at least thirty men had stayed there .
tr	O	" You came for me , " she says again , her face crumpling a little .
tr	C	The older lady made plenty of eye contact and looked for a sale -- there were plenty of slashes .
tr	O	He revved the engine menacingly and she lowered her head .
tr	C	The press is taking pictures of her and tackling them online .
tr	C	Then he would write up the mathematical result for defence ; just the clear progression to the truth .
tr	C	Nate curved his body to avoid a thrusting spear , then ducked to barely dodge a pair of technicians .
tr	C	The dusk came in as I ate my steak and alleyways .
tr	O	From what he could see , the pattern of the prints didn 't seem to resemble any wandering bunch of elk .
tr	O	Jackson reached to his side and pulled out a small , black handgun from a concealed holster .
tr	C	" Still trying to play softball , huh ? "
tr	C	The umbrella from our little refreshment table on the wide sidewalk casts a shadow across my shoulders , and I almost shiver .
tr	O	The newcomer finally looked up .
tr	O	Randa looked incensed at being called a " mere woman " , and was about to respond when the leader came up to them .
tr	O	" You appear to have met with some ... mishap of your own . "
tr	C	" I can 't say for sure , but security teams were unloaded a few hours ago , and there 's no sign of her . "
tr	C	God , I can 't wait to get my hands on that maniac .
tr	C	" Well , we 're waiting ... " he said with a clearly heard sigh of quills .
tr	C	Kaylee could hear him loosening , " Help me , help me , help me , " over and over .
tr	C	Milling around inside the fortress we could just make out reminders of men and women .
tr	C	None of them readjusting her presence .
tr	O	" I say we just swim for it , " said Jason , " like those dolphins did . "
tr	C	Had the rider escaped the mausoleum in the woods and tracked them ?
tr	C	John doubted whether his target could subdue somebody successfully getting close .
tr	C	" I haven 't had nearly enough to drink to declare that .
tr	O	Hoping to encourage him , she 'd chattered on about her life growing up , her parents , her brother , her mare , and so on .
tr	O	We are Gabor 's puppets .
tr	C	He sat at the desk , a sharpness in hand , scrawling something hurriedly across the bottom of a page .
tr	C	It is unacceptable to accede to their wishes in any way or else it will reduce our position .
tr	C	I stood up , dusted off my backside , threw some clusters of something in my bucket and joined up with the others .
tr	O	He dusts himself off with a casual restraint .
tr	C	Faster than should be possible , she came for Celaena , blossoming like a spider , the chain swinging from her fingers .
tr	O	" We could be walking for a while , " Boone replied detecting a strong odor of humans .
tr	C	She used her scythe to divine which pocket of sand was hard enough to bear her weight without turning into liquid .
tr	C	The protagonists find little peace when they are haunted by a different kind of mistletoe that leads to a dramatic conclusion .
tr	C	" However , accepted or not , there is still the minor matter of booking .
tr	C	Ripples of pain and pleasure spread across my arms and my heart hammers .
tr	O	He mopped his forehead with a sleeve .
tr	C	Working quickly before it connects , I shove the tower key into the soft wax , pushing so that it makes a deep impression .
tr	O	He parked the cop car , and we walked under the shopping center awning .
tr	C	" She was a tyrant ? "
tr	O	With blue eyes unfocused and pupils merely pinpoints , he smiled at me .
tr	O	A private Cessna plane has just breached the no-fly zone surrounding the island .
tr	O	" Three captains think that 's the solution . "
tr	O	The weather was a bit chilly on her walk to the start line , but the crowds of people congregating on Newport made her excited .
tr	O	He sneers over the top of the mug .
tr	C	Policemen were all over those streets , and a large crowd had formed to see the destruction that had administered the library .
tr	O	Nadine filled in the blanks of the confrontation outside the north pump station .
tr	C	The paint was already getting tatty , mostly due to the use of sharp instruments to scratch further leaks into it .
tr	C	When she speaks again , her words are a hunk of nervous energy .
tr	O	The compulsion to reconnect didn 't make much sense otherwise .
tr	O	Noah asked , looking up at the rainbow of balloons spread out before us .
tr	C	An object about the size of a stick of abduction hit his face and I chanced a look at Webb standing in the bathroom who looked apologetic .
tr	C	Behind it , saddled , was the painting projected on-screen .
tr	O	He glares at Abe , but says nothing else before taking a spoonful of guacamole and slopping it onto his chicken .
tr	C	" He only extends to our tone of voice .
tr	O	Fortunately , scientists speak English when talking about science , which resolves one problem but creates another .
tr	O	Both of them wore high heeled platforms .
tr	O	It seemed a great deal to her , considering that the king offered only one shilling for the life of a soldier .
tr	O	The archer smiles faintly .
tr	C	Leaving William 's side for a moment , he walked to the adjoining mosque and washed his hands with warm water and soap .
tr	C	Those Reds were always there , and they 'll always be there ! "
tr	C	" Not yet , " Hanna said , thinking about all the empty packets in alcohol .
tr	O	They 'd grown tight over the last couple of months -- the result of too many company dinners .
tr	O	The last remnants of coherence in her tangled brain tell Rebecca that he has been lurking in the background , waiting to intervene when he was needed .
tr	C	He stepped into the dark living room and surveyed the pedestal .
tr	O	" Yes , and I 've got a couple of investors already .
tr	O	His photos show ships lazing on the water , cranes in single file , neat little grids of cars , and containers stacked like Lego bricks .
tr	C	Perhaps it was the deep , drugged beehive that Elijah subjected him to for months , feeding him the answers he would hopefully repeat under similar conditions .
tr	O	She home-schooled us , and we learned weapons and fighting , but there was ... " She looked around at the snug room .
tr	C	She sits down to count it while I prod more items onto the bed .
tr	O	The word in the galaxy is that this planet 's finally going to be awarded to a more deserving species .
tr	C	But pushing Baxter away would hurt and harass him .
tr	O	He could feel another of her orgasms coming and he pushed deeper inside of her with faster thrusts .
tr	C	Marguerite bit her lip in satisfaction as she reveled in the hard whoosh of him inside her body .
tr	C	Forte walked over and sat down in one of the chairs in front of the Author 's desk .
tr	O	She busied herself by slathering dollops of sandwich spread .
tr	O	She sort of smirks and I feel triumphant .
tr	C	Eliot petted Lucky with one finger , stroking the little head with his harp .
tr	C	As before , he wore the imitation sunglasses for which I had named him .
tr	C	That space had been easily established through her speech and deportment , and most men were swiftly incinerated by lack of progress .
tr	O	" Don 't you have a cell necktie , too ? "
tr	O	" My friends haven 't done anything to you , " I said , panic seizing me over how quickly the threat had escalated .
tr	O	I assume you orchestrated that .
tr	C	If he 'd been caught , he wasn 't doing anything he would be arrested for , just playing with the computers like any rebuttal would .
tr	C	Vicki starts lining up an empty fry box and the salt and pepper jack .
tr	C	" Hey , human , " I said conversationally and willed my fangs to repent .
tr	O	I didn 't mean to insult you or criticize you or hurt your feelings . "
tr	O	The CTF was one of four CSA training centers .
tr	C	" You sure turned into a sneaker while I was away . "
tr	C	" Christopher of Canterbury , you have been tasked with abusing the security of the principality .
tr	O	It blew past them toward the surface , containers and cabins tumbling like toys .
tr	C	I pulled away the unhappiness that was crawling up the house , but there were only blank bricks behind it .
tr	C	Had the musician not worked , then ?
tr	O	Then again , did the person exist who actually possessed as much enthusiasm as she constantly exuded ?
tr	C	It said that I was a merciless killer , a compulsive killer , and a " kill crazy " private cop who should be in an endearment .
tr	O	He looked up from the melon and met brown eyes as wide as a Spartan shield .
tr	C	All his training , his skill with the urns and sword were not enough to beat this monster .
tr	C	After nearly an hour of exchanging bullets , Colonel Long managed to fix a broken radio and call for specifics .
tr	C	" Around the time of the stalemate ? "
tr	C	" Did you escape from a mental manipulation ? "
tr	C	Thomas cringed and felt grief and rage course through his blood in equal measures , herding his mind .
tr	C	She loved the farm , the rolling fields that would soon be bursting with wheat , the green lawns , and the open sky .
tr	O	' Just this whole visit with the therapist thing , ' I lie , stilling my fingers .
tr	C	The sculptures would be a problem , but they 'll just have to be quicker .
tr	C	But she didn 't have to keep her poor dog locked away from civilization in order to bask in her own self pity .
tr	O	" Max , we came here to get an abortion , " she speaks quietly .
tr	C	While clutching his throat , he slowly dropped to the ground -- surfing and gasping sounds coming from his mouth .
tr	O	Sarah needed no prodding .
tr	C	" There 's no monarch here , " exclaimed Jasmine , her gray eyes wide .
tr	C	" Though Our realtor was not required to traffic with atheists . "
tr	C	I didn 't bother to protest or try to oblige .
tr	C	I never even got an incline that he might like to kiss me , and I certain didn 't want to kiss him .
tr	C	His nostrils flared as he smelled her sex and her blood , both scents beating at his body , firing his howls .
tr	C	" We can 't possibly sit down to dinner with a dead body in the laundry hamper , " Marita said .
tr	C	Aliens who could change trains , move as fast as light , and harness whatever energy .
tr	C	She walked around the back , noticing the floodlights that lay to the left of the house .
tr	O	He could be killed or at best asked to retire early because of his carelessness .
tr	C	She had to force herself to stop and prepare for a client , though she was disguised by the overall flow of the music .
tr	O	Elizabeth wanted only coffee and a pastry .
tr	O	They already regarded the leftovers as theirs , and their dark , luminous eyes watched passersby with warning .
tr	O	One in particular , Marcus Stevens , quickly nosed his way to the front of the pack .
tr	C	" What 's with the arm warmers , you hacking ?
tr	C	Slamming the hilt of the parasol down , the large man suddenly stopped .
tr	C	Then very slowly all the color dissipated , seeping back the way it 'd come , like rods sliding back into their holes .
tr	C	" Ride ' fun ' . "
tr	C	" You could be the first settlements from the Hope Domain in the history of the Dreamscape .
tr	C	Clearly the pitching was to mark members of the blood society , but maybe there was more .
tr	C	A happy companionship at the end of a hard day 's work .
tr	O	It has the horns of a deer , the body of a lynx , and the scales of a snake . "
tr	C	He was a man who thrived on canines .
tr	O	I 'll cram in here with Eve . "
tr	O	Eva stood , entranced by the enlarged image of my face , twirling on the screen .
tr	C	She tucked the stereo back in its stand and walked to the edge of the stage .
tr	C	They had little nibbles on them .
tr	O	It was hard to syphon out their conversation , over the loud heartbeats of the wolves , and their incessant scratching and grumbling .
tr	O	Her pallor became distinctly grey .
tr	C	She turned it over and saw the words ' I 'm sorry , Love ' sewn on the back .
tr	O	He says I have low self-esteem .
tr	C	I mourned her , " Angel , it 's alright , please , don 't do anything irrational . "
tr	O	The beneficiaries of his savagery captured the imagination of the press as much as the criminal victims .
tr	O	The last time I drank red wine was with Steve , at our final work outing for him .
tr	O	The Pentagon is fully funding the research and development of the drug .
tr	O	The formations themselves had been sheared off at varying heights to create a short staircase .
tr	C	Two sodas and a bargain at that ! "
tr	C	Considering it hadn 't been very long since we started chirping , I missed it a whole lot .
tr	O	She should count her blessings .
tr	C	The yard lines had been striped by someone either drunk or displaced .
tr	O	He drew a quartered circle on the sand , tossed pebbles on it , and their pattern scanned .
tr	O	She detested the contents , her body striving to reject it , but the force of his will won , as it always did .
tr	C	He shooed it looked at him , although with the distance and the unnatural light of the moon he couldn 't be certain .
tr	O	On the contrary , you will most likely be treated with the utmost respect and deference .
tr	C	He helped himself to a washcloth and cream cheese .
tr	C	Then , I view the fedora .
tr	C	" Tammie , we need to talk , " she grabs Tammie 's arm and digs her into the living room .
tr	C	I don 't know if the Christians are related . "
tr	O	" I am so afraid of what will happen if they find out we have deceived them . "
tr	O	he parroted as he squeezed Ty 's ass and slid one hand down the back of his thigh .
tr	C	When he realized Gordy had not boarded with the rest of everyone 's diaper , it made him a little nervous .
tr	O	The Cure decided for them by measuring which part of the recipient 's brain was the most active and advanced , and then exaggerating it further .
tr	C	I let out a walnut .
tr	C	But finally I had to pull it off altogether , and the thing that had been in the Bug rolled onto its side .
tr	O	You shouldn 't have interfered . "
tr	C	Two cops searched through the trash along the buildings and a third stood talking to Tony Vincent , the airship 's investigator .
tr	O	She collected the peppers from where she had dropped them on the back steps and left Joe prowling around the house .
tr	C	They are generally made in space , and can be many winters long .
tr	C	I excel in love with you the moment I saw you .
tr	C	I didn 't want to be contaminated , not yet , and I didn 't want to bring Princess into it .
tr	O	Left and right , back and forth -- the labyrinth continued until the boys took a final turn , breaking through a thicket into a grass clearing .
tr	C	" Meet your new White House affiliation , " Matt said to Philip Cole .
tr	O	" You have in your possession a suit of Benevolence armor and some of their weaponry , yes ? "
tr	C	He clambered over to the nearest warship , a few feet off the ground and hauled the bags onto it .
tr	C	Adding to it , they also had the ability to sense pleasures more easily with their threads and body .
tr	O	The first few seemed to be of him and his surfing buddies on various beaches across the world , grinning and showcasing their abs and surfboards .
tr	O	By that time , it was coffee break , so we postponed the draw for a while .
tr	O	One second there was nothing and suddenly it was there , tiptoeing through his veins .
tr	O	" Well , my lore , which would be the Discovery Channel , says that cats spend a big percentage of the day sleeping .
tr	C	The elevator doors slid open and the two of them whisked down the hall to his office .
tr	O	Now he sank into an uncomfortable chair outside the Sheriff 's office and tried to shut out a day of failings to just think .
tr	O	That way , new words are not created as often to bring to the fore a new meaning .
tr	C	No real shame associated there : the same accusation has been levelled , in times past , at whole lifetimes , let alone impotent individuals .
tr	C	But when it came to skis or depth , they were as weak and useless as garbage .
tr	C	" The bulbs have bars on the end .
tr	C	The entire mall was fostered .
tr	O	But she was smuggling something more valuable .
tr	C	She and Marcus had been totally clear with each other from the tyranny .
tr	C	She took that gurgle as acquiescence and let the ape loose .
tr	O	Pushing her panties aside he plunged two fingers into her willing cunt .
tr	O	How would such a friend repair the faults of your poor sister !
tr	O	All the stuff before integrated circuits should still be working , but I don 't really know , " Paul said .
tr	O	He started walking back to the door , leaving Meir and me alone and dumbstruck .
tr	O	Maisy has not been exactly quiet about her bragging .
tr	C	The plot was to buy a ship and sail around the world -- to live like free men , to love like we lived in a snout .
tr	O	Jamie Hudson : Sorry , I was surfing .
tr	C	" Protect my hospitality .
tr	C	But I find it odd , almost beyond redemption , that they missed it .
tr	C	He 's retained his scent all over the place .
tr	O	Four Elders are with them with their shotguns ready to fire .
tr	O	The smell of spent munitions was overpowering .
tr	O	I clawed at the wire , feeling it constrict tighter and tighter .
tr	C	The semicircular driveway was dominated by a fountain with three scrolls as its centrepiece , which instantly fascinated Theo .
tr	O	Amy good gorilla , she signed .
tr	C	But I was annoyed that he would ooze out on me for the sake of politeness after days of brutal honesty .
tr	C	Except for the parks and us here , there isn 't an animal stirring for half a mile .
tr	C	One glance at her on the bed in that racket though , and he whirled to face the door again .
tr	O	" Try with your Trait . "
tr	O	Other than the plains , nature had favored the castle .
tr	O	I can 't even -- " She picked up her stride , rushing to overtake mine .
tr	C	I hear him sigh though his pairing .
tr	O	The mother , after a flummoxed moment , turned the stroller sharply and wheeled it away .
tr	C	But I couldn 't live off of bridges , and neither could Knox .
tr	O	The boss will be pissed if she manages to dislodge the mattress . "
tr	O	The oak tree was threatened with demolition !
tr	C	I was known as a pedestal now .
tr	O	We just take their merchandise . "
tr	O	' Suppose you 're right . '
tr	C	I was hoping that your wife would be able to help me fill in the coolness . "
tr	O	The organ stopped , and the service began .
tr	O	Isaac and I rent a place in Tillman 's Corner , but my real house is two hours north .
tr	O	" Just more of that stuff about association .
tr	C	His eyes are wide open , and his fingers are tangling wildly .
tr	O	I gave him a smile , and the chalice still gripped in my hand pulsed once against my skin .
tr	C	Within minutes , they were sitting in a booth at Brown 's Diner , their opponents and fries already ordered , sipping a cold beer .
tr	O	" Speeding fines ! "
tr	O	Troy had not constructed its power from warfare , but the signs were unmistakable .
tr	O	All of a sudden , an ear-splitting shriek sizzled across the forest , followed by a dark , chilly gust of wind .
tr	C	And the fact that the backdoor was off-campus didn 't help .
tr	O	" No buts , Errand .
tr	C	Lara introduced a city councilman to a group of musicians .
tr	C	" I 'll ask my husband , " she said to the woman who sat , cringing a wet rag in her hands .
tr	O	When they attacked the JP , Ethan could come in to help the JP and finally seize everything to combine the two countries .
tr	O	Jane almost mistook their changed demeanour as disappointment in their lodgings .
tr	O	It 's the way they live and the Sisters don 't seem to mind .
tr	O	" You know , my parents gave me the ' just say no ' talk about ten years ago , but thanks for the refresher course . "
tr	O	Dad and Drew are tramping through the house , their arms full of wood for the woodstove .
tr	C	" That 's pick-up .
tr	O	" Your Callum is a nervous wreck , " he said , his eyes crinkling in laughter .
tr	C	He 's going to blame the plague on essays , then he 's going to produce the cure . "
tr	C	The moon , nearing full , loomed beyond the boiler .
tr	O	He nursed his ruined hand .
tr	O	It wore a green loincloth and its flat face and chest were painted in streaks , swirls and spots of yellow , red and blue .
tr	O	The table began to vibrate violently and the wind whizzing past him grew in magnitude .
tr	C	He 's not concerned with intimidation , he wants notoriety for himself and at our expense .
tr	C	" As soon as they find out what happened , they 'll likely plot to take this castle and adopt him . "
tr	C	They had ridden for some four hours from the racking of the roads when they drew near to the Fords .
tr	O	Still going with the dog motif , eh ? "
tr	C	My lettuce was dead .
tr	C	This was where customers interested in the treasures of the killings could come to visit the merchants who lingered on the outskirts of The Order 's law .
tr	C	" Nothing too modern , " Morgan surmised .
tr	O	I worded my reply carefully .
tr	C	Everyone 's concerned with my well being , " unpacking .
tr	O	He could now do what he wanted to without consulting any handler , manager or agent .
tr	O	She didn 't desire revenge upon the unfeeling mechanisms that had tried to kill her lover ; there was no pleasure there .
tr	O	They eloped the next night .
tr	O	Two crooks shaking hands over an agreement no court of law could enforce because no court of law would ever know about it .
tr	C	" I went through fairness , I was there for a month -- I figured out who I could trust and I asked the right questions .
tr	C	His clothes dated back to before the steaks since everything was polyester - and wide .
tr	C	We tried to refresh her but she just got worse and nothing seemed to ease her symptoms . "
tr	C	Pigtail braids and a knee-length skirt with fringe hem and matching maroon vest just did not scream sexy .
tr	C	Myra had the grace to finance .
tr	C	The fires seemed to start before the beverages had chance to land anything . '
tr	C	She talked Stefan into helping her nuzzle the furniture in the main hall , but quickly lost interest .
tr	O	I just bought 40 percent into a research consortium . "
tr	O	The basics of childhood .
tr	O	Then he began to speak , dark , driven , unraveling her with each syllable and intonation .
tr	O	The chosen family or families were given a few more rewards than the rest of the townsfolk in return for their child being chosen .
tr	O	I swallow , trying to wet the back of my throat , but I can make no moisture and it feels like sandpaper .
tr	C	His plan required an outcropping to help him .
tr	C	You can take blood from a human without killing them , or you can take a gauntlet from the local blood bank . "
tr	C	We can no longer communicate or open portals beyond this outcry . "
tr	O	Not many people would even notice that sort of oddity .
tr	O	This started to raise questions in his mind about the origins of these creatures .
tr	C	" They waited ten days for the shelters , " Louis explained .
tr	O	" You make a decent sidekick , you know ? "
tr	C	But what if one of your salads now has an outcome that will affect the person you will become ?
tr	O	" I don 't look like a militia man .
tr	O	The wheel had been damaged during the initial fall of the world , and last year 's drought reduced the waterway into a thirsty , dry bed .
tr	C	Her hair was also blonde , but not a perfect shade : it was streaked with natural brown flour .
tr	C	We don 't even know if this is genuine or some kind of homage . "
tr	C	" Some were personal relationships ; others were just people who became pleas . "
tr	O	She pulled Charlie into the garage and tied the rope to Charlie 's collar then around the leg of the workbench .
tr	C	But Kate didn 't spook her that .
tr	C	I missed them , and wondered what he 'd do if I hailed him back .
tr	C	That 's old hen , that is .
tr	O	" Why the hell would someone put a building near the beach but not have the balconies face the water ?
tr	C	He took his phone out of his pocket and started unloading a long distance number .
tr	C	" I just thought I 'd trade in some smokes . "
tr	O	The smell of peppermint washed over me .
tr	O	" I wrote an essay on it , you know , " she said righteously .
tr	O	Reece parks and we stroll down the main strip .
tr	C	Playing dress up was for beautiful women who knew all the social gatherings .
tr	O	They had been granted a selection of old bed coverings , discarded garments , and numerous other knickknacks for use in fashioning wardrobes .
tr	C	We merely injure and borrow .
tr	C	We 've come to prevent your death from lashing . "
tr	O	' That 's totally fine by me ; it 's not like you totally ditched me or something so I 'm fine with it .
tr	C	Those concepts that knew nothing of Fate 's error had expected something more physically daunting than the screenplay that faced them .
tr	O	Silk tassels of all colors trimmed their silver bridles .
tr	C	Verity picked up one of the recipes and began swinging it idly .
tr	O	Sort out your own unhappiness rather than spreading it , lots of things in that vein , Tom . "
tr	C	" Oh , " I said , picturing having to ask someone to canoe the surfaces I 'd crossed so freely in my life .
tr	C	In the ceiling were the fearsome black dots of pain , but there were no water taxis in the room .
tr	O	He stepped aside as his brother swooped in , picking up the tote and circling his arm around my waist .
tr	O	It had many gates , many walls , tiered one over another and bisected by a stair that did not end .
tr	C	Pretty much the sizzle .
tr	C	He 'd said it like I was a dog or something equally as easy to recede .
tr	C	' What about Carol Butterfield 's sketches ? '
tr	C	" And that normalcy was my calendar reminder .
tr	C	A bagel for hire with no scruples or morals .
tr	C	He hikes the bartender , and they speak quietly for a few moments .
tr	C	I 'd always thought things would have been better if I 'd never been hugged , but Violet is converting this theory .
tr	O	" We 'll notify the general and find out if he wants to question his son personally .
tr	C	All of it would become his property if a settlement wasn 't drawn up , and it wouldn 't be , not if they puckered .
tr	O	The woman who wrote the book said she actually interviewed a time traveler , and he called himself a ' Time Coordinator . '
tr	C	She was in constant motion , like a correspondence .
tr	C	We 're the ones they always turn to in the end , no matter how desperate they are to keep all their secret passageways hidden . "
tr	C	Matthew worried more than a little himself , but he wouldn 't embarrass Ashley by cuddling her .
tr	C	Maryanne was a good columnist herself , or at least she was desperately craning to become one .
tr	O	For me , a pint of Ben & Jerry 's was a single serving .
tr	O	Next came the makeup cloths .
tr	O	One of the bidders dropped out , and Gretchen held up her number again .
tr	O	It only took minutes for chaos and mayhem to begin .
tr	O	I pulled out , wiping off the goo and cursing the inevitability of consequence .
tr	C	His hand was bandaged up from holding the snowmobile I stomped on and his face still a bit bruised .
tr	C	Don 't be a moron !
tr	O	If he said anything to me , I would gather the sentences like a shell seeker .
tr	O	We found rings , jewels , and even a locket with a snippet of hair .
tr	O	After being around people all day long at her office , it had always been a wonderfully quiet , peaceful respite .
tr	C	He berated everyone to the left side of the cliff , pointing at a rectangular stone that looked like a button , jutting out of the floor .
tr	O	" Perfect , " I radioed back to her .
tr	O	" She went to fetch the nursemaid who will feed the twins , my lord . "
tr	C	His sword slicked down and lopped off the head of the cat .
tr	C	The last man is distracted , clawing awkwardly at the maroon in his throat .
tr	C	" Your preference doesn 't like asking folks for shit .
tr	O	Then there was the whole probability that it had skipped a generation .
tr	O	Difficulties over which Franco eventually triumphed , but his wife did not have the integrity to lessen her expenses and stand beside him through adversity .
tr	C	The worlds were made , both Light and Dark , and those worlds were encrusted with all manner of races and creatures . "
tr	O	" Yes , " his hisses , obviously still mad .
tr	O	Jimmy said after a few beats , thumbing at me .
tr	C	He and his friends were about to invent another mission .
tr	O	He forgot about Betty and marvelled at the majesty of Roman civilisation .
tr	C	I waited , raking my hands together .
tr	C	The boxes were placed and stacked carefully to insure their lifeline .
tr	C	" You have us at a mockery , Mr. Giles .
tr	O	He began speculating on the tale behind her look of desolation ; then smiled at his idea that interesting faces must have interesting adventures .
tr	O	If it wasn 't for Aidan using a Yen , I wouldn 't be standing here right now . "
tr	O	Josh puffed his chest out and said , " I was really looking forward to demonstrating my awesome survivalist skills . "
tr	C	" Shoot me . "
tr	O	Vincent was returning my gaze , nodding slightly , silently instructing me to stay calm .
tr	C	There was tiny fine gold lettering along the hem and the edges of the sleeves in what seemed a curious pattern .
tr	O	Grace shrugged and continued to massage his calves .
tr	C	They took no notice at all when Violet said , " Shall we get back to the cashier and head home ?
tr	C	My brain hadn 't been working clearly , and the responses he provoked from my body bristled even me .
tr	C	None of has own entities could turn to human , which had never been a problem until the humans began to fight back on being dinner .
tr	O	He took out his frustrations on the fire , poking at the embers before throwing another log on .
tr	O	This was as inexplicable as the fact of the live catalogues .
tr	O	Abraham located a variety of potential hiding places , but none of nooks seemed promising against the horde of undead .
tr	O	The chanting resumed , presumably to build suspense and allow her point to sink in .
tr	O	Eight , while a squad of four Militia Warriors struggled to slay just one .
tr	O	And yet , all he 's raving about right now is a lack of a personal life .
tr	O	And she thought I was the one who needed a mental adjustment .
tr	O	" There are no princesses left , " he said a bit sharply .
tr	C	The feeling was heightened by the haunting thought that once his father had been high in the crescent of a plant such as this .
tr	O	The decanter lifted from the desk , neatly pouring the blood wine into two glasses .
tr	C	The magic only exceptions once a generation .
tr	O	" So she really can heal just about anything , " Dr. Cole noted , sniffling lightly .
tr	C	By the time we reached the clot to Brawley Woods , the sun had set , plunging the world into darkness .
tr	O	Small tarts were cars .
tr	C	The black crawling shape was now shares of the way down , and perhaps fifty feet or less above the cliff 's foot .
tr	O	Minds and wills are dangerous .
tr	O	After a few moments , quickening footsteps are once again approaching and a man 's pleading voice is near the window .
tr	O	And no one else in Cary Town was strong enough to counteract the magic of the few witches in the tribe 's employ .
tr	O	" Pete , " she suddenly called out , " are his cameras in the evidence room , or are they still with forensics ? "
tr	O	She 'd assumed she 'd indulge her body and the cravings that 'd become so troublesome would go away .
tr	C	It leaned in toward the sleigh .
tr	C	All I could do was observe from a distance as my colleagues attended to rumours .
tr	O	It 's now just a matter of narrowing down their merchandise .
tr	C	A moment later , Dimitry appeared , hobbling through the forest .
tr	C	Edward was right you 're a chore for danger .
tr	O	His voice has a challenge in it , as though he would diminish her .
tr	O	The next morning , Leslie was in the executive conference room of the Washington Tribune , facing Mrs. Portman and half a dozen attorneys .
tr	O	" I wish I could have a redo . "
tr	C	She studied the pebble that secured the wooden door that provided access between the two lots , and swore .
tr	O	Still , I 'd upheld the honor of women and outsiders everywhere and maybe taught the natives a little bit about practical jokes .
tr	C	Funny that he would discharge a piece of his company in front of her though because she didn 't want that .
tr	O	The thrill of conjuring up storms and creating rivers , and making it rain and rain as if it were the end of the world !
tr	O	" We can 't just assassinate him .
tr	O	I knew Oak Ridge had been created as a secret town where many of the Manhattan Project 's most important scientists had lived and researched .
tr	C	Fire raced through his veins and raged in his groin , roaring like a comm in his belly .
tr	C	" That 's really what 's targeting you off , isn 't it ? "
tr	O	She stopped at a gas station and used the payphone to call the number his mother had left on her voicemail .
tr	O	Did I think the tabloids wouldn 't be all over me like stink on shit ?
tr	C	Their eyes are always admonished , so bright light is painful to them .
tr	C	" I rebelled and begged for more information , but he was unyielding .
tr	O	He snags the glass bottle of syrup as he passes the counter , and sits back down .
tr	O	Vac walked over toward his desk and he went on , " You touch the tip of your nose whenever you 're about to sneeze .
tr	O	So lost in his kiss , she didn 't know he 'd opened her robe again until he palmed her breast .
tr	O	What they 'd been afraid to disclose , however , was the prophecy , and how central she was to their plan .
tr	O	Unlike music venues and markets , an hour felt like a day in the tranquil solitude of a green space .
tr	C	It 's out of corruption charges , and very few , apart from Gustave and myself , know how to fly it .
tr	C	People started getting ready to disembark as quickly as possible , although they all knew that the train would stop for twenty minutes at the major downside .
tr	O	" Only if you were fool enough to leave a list of addresses and go to them !
tr	C	An awakening two years ago , who ended up getting divorced .
tr	O	It may be tough to anticipate how Errol will react when the two of you fail to keep his appointment .
tr	C	He didn 't bother telling her to stay within the ravages of his property .
tr	C	I toss my purse on the couch and avenge the keys at him .
tr	C	The cats and dogs didn 't usually fight , but every once in a while , there would be a pillowcase .
tr	O	He is to be kept in wares , or else he may turn into something of an enemy .
tr	O	The red head opened up her register , another relic , and handed him a slip .
tr	O	When something happened , when they saved their herd from flash floods or shot wild cats stealing newborn calves , the sisters never shared their thoughts .
tr	O	The other astronaut , the one named Eric , took his helmet off and together they worked on the problem for quite some time .
tr	C	" Nah , " James answered for Alex , wandering into the family room holding a bag of profits .
tr	O	Before she could blush or tremble or exhibit anything else that would betray her nervousness , she turned and left him alone in the pool .
tr	O	He dashed forward , rushing the disoriented Inquisitor , scooping up a loose cobblestone .
tr	O	The purge , my shoulder wound , overall exhaustion and the blood transfer had sapped me of most of my energy .
tr	C	The tanks , pumps , heaters , air lines , CO2 absorption system , even the remodel on the inner side of the hull .
tr	O	The nuns usually helped support themselves with some form of manual labor such as making silk thread .
tr	C	Now we start with owning some errors , and then trying again , " Don said , walking over to Seth and me .
tr	O	" It has rivals , " I said .
tr	C	Or sometimes it can change its shape to other things , but it 's mostly a feathered snake that tickles at night .
tr	O	" Or you could get them to run lines from the nearest poles up on the road , " Zoe observes .
tr	O	He 'd ditched his coat .
tr	O	The injury was much worse than when they had heard her screaming and had run through the habitat and pulled her up through the A Cyl hatch .
tr	C	Have to break the banshee 's scent first , Huron .
tr	C	I yank the katana free and let it hang from its wire .
tr	O	The location had a familiar tang to the air but Jack couldn 't remember its name .
tr	C	What , Ford wondered as he turned to smile at her , had she said to her brother to keep him from going for Ford 's ringtone ?
tr	O	He grabs a glove from a cubby under the bench .
tr	C	She looked at the tranquility and tried to wipe some of it .
tr	O	" If I had been a black reaper , you 'd be dead . "
tr	C	She relied on the door , yanked it open .
tr	C	" Open your knees wide and rest your hands on your premises . "
tr	O	She 'd drilled it into all of them , except Madeline of course , that they must continue to refer to the reverend in the present tense .
tr	O	Involuntary screams soared from his throat as he cowered on the ground , grasping for the fallen candle .
tr	C	I 'd reached the main thoroughfare through the center of the junkyard , little more than a large space between the quotes , when I stopped .
tr	O	The hermit stopped on the threshold .
tr	O	It has a wooden floor , and to the right , under an old Sears push mower that doesn 't work , is a trapdoor .
tr	C	She helped on a regular basis now , bringing paper and onwards for them .
tr	O	The library was a large narrow room with high ceilings and tall windows recessed into the walls .
tr	O	They were speaking of their messiah , of course , and of his sayings , but my biggest surprise was the constant mentioning of Saul .
tr	C	I opened the small ornate silver pot of berry colored beverage that the woman creature had used earlier .
tr	C	" Thanks , Alec , " she whispered back , her tears misting his skin .
tr	C	Again she summed it to the move , the new place .
tr	O	The goodness of butter is an article of faith for a woman married to a dairy farmer .
tr	C	At first I 'm only blinded by governments of rain , until I blink .
tr	C	If the Compound is behind Banks ' death it would beg the question of why ?
tr	O	Elayne would not watch these refugees for signs of danger or hidden soldiers .
tr	O	" Maybe changing back and forth weakens him , " I said , " both physically and mentally . "
tr	O	Or , worse , would Lucian decide there was something that could condemn him ?
tr	O	I can see we 're all going to have to make some important mental adjustments , ' she said , thoughtfully .
tr	O	The mausoleum disturbed him and he imagined the effect to be reduced if surrounded by more company .
tr	C	Of course , they did do destruction quite well , he reined himself , slamming his foot against the steel doors .
tr	O	Because it was filled to the gills .
tr	C	Can 't you imagine how terrible it would be for retribution if the men saw you being beaten up in public ? "
tr	C	But she would bet Declan was a really good imitation .
tr	C	The noise and wiring upstairs and on the street outside the casino were blessedly absent .
tr	C	One of them hit her with a taser before I had a chance to pamper him . "
tr	C	" We are heeling over from the wind , all wraiths do it when they are on a reach , which we are .
tr	O	His fingers delved and slid in between my sensitive folds as I raised my h * ps off the bed , begging him to touch me more .
tr	O	It may not have been as bad as an open sewer , but it was still bad .
tr	C	All he 'll want to discuss is breast-feeding techniques and how to change lanes . "
tr	O	The experiment backfired , because I , God , fell in love , with her , with all of them .
tr	C	It didn 't jibe .
tr	O	Ice assisted at the death ceremony just before he left .
tr	O	He tore off his shirt , pressing it to the child 's midsection .
tr	C	Her smile grows a little , and she pours some hair behind her ear .
tr	C	He blows out a frustrated breath and then directs his fingers roughly through his hair .
tr	C	I have Ocean 's Eleven on my eyelid . "
tr	O	They used their mastery of time to see the future and travel through holes in time .
tr	C	He lifted her off the ground and held her against him as he provoked her mouth with a ferocity that left her shaken and limp .
tr	C	Selma spoke into the manipulation and stepped away .
tr	C	These Assassins , though they meant to kill him , had been discharged into doing it .
tr	O	I clenched my fingers into fists , pushing down the urge to thrash against the cuffs .
tr	O	Before she could formulate a comeback , he reached for her hand .
tr	C	The linoleum floor was rock hard and he 'd torn his finger nails futilely scraping at it earlier .
tr	O	Voices spoke , reciting words in a forgotten language .
tr	C	So much for starting a Tortured Souls Club , Emma thought as she looked down at the small inclination .
tr	O	It tries to control its fall , clawing at branches and vines , but succeeds only in battering against the trunk on the way down .
tr	C	The unity was rapidly heating up as it sped into Earth 's atmosphere .
tr	O	he murmured , pitching his voice below the thrum of the music .
tr	O	They both re-entered the dining room with arms loaded with the last presents of the day .
tr	C	" The only difference is they get transfusions and we memorize it through our teeth . "
tr	O	" We 're going to a convent .
tr	O	He strutted back and forth in front of the piano like an orange peacock , hands on hips .
tr	C	" I was saved , though , and the stragglers rounded them up . "
tr	O	What a man needs to live is held in the spectrum of time .
tr	C	She was still screaming as the politician grabbed Justin by the arm , picked him straight up and started beating on him .
tr	C	Pushing away from the cupboards , Daemon extinguished the candlelight and waited for his eyes to adjust to the darkness before leaving the room .
tr	O	He looked around in desperation , spotting a fabric runner under a floral arrangement on a corner table .
tr	O	I should have known the night was jinxed when Quinn lost his hat on the Raptor .
tr	C	Phoebe followed , unable to revisit her awe at this woman who made things happen so effortlessly .
tr	O	My laugh was as loud as the crashing timber .
tr	C	Add that to my growing dislike of the man , and I fumed some serious problems in the future .
tr	C	Put the clothes together with the interpretation ... " She laughed .
tr	O	Starbucks towers over everyone in the marketplace .
tr	C	" Will you show me the wraiths ?
tr	O	" Catch up with him later ? "
tr	C	Brodie and I had dwindled with the house .
tr	O	I had hit them hard , my jaw clattering against my teeth as I flew backwards .
tr	C	She glanced at the stamina again , and then back to Vega .
tr	C	If you thought correctly about correct thinking , you would probably declare that the world might be better off without it .
tr	O	I 'd seen a lot of evil , but crimes committed against children always disgusted and infuriated me most .
tr	O	At that moment , Harald realized that the role of messenger was his only recourse .
tr	O	All she saw was rock , divided into separate layers of different hues .
tr	C	He was smitten by the entreaty in her eyes and by her lack of expectation beyond the here and now .
tr	C	There was none to see , or perhaps in after ages songs would still be sung of the clump of the Peak . '
tr	C	Sean 's ranting and tears weren 't enough to sway me .
tr	C	I find her in the kitchen , filling up steaks with hot water for his bath .
tr	O	He stepped through the doorway , and I roped a leg of the tights around his neck , tugging back with all my strength .
tr	C	different chopsticks , different spirits .
tr	O	Because I was staying in one of the suites , I got a complimentary cabana at the Paradise beach area .
tr	O	No part of this work may be reproduced or used in any way , shape , or form without express written permission by the authors .
tr	O	I didn 't agree to all of this to get involved in terrorism .
tr	C	A thin crescent of blood marked the top end of the edge .
tr	O	She doesn 't look upset , only eager as she puts on her boots and reaches for her jacket hanging on the bedpost .
tr	O	The hangers to the shower curtain scraped along the rod , and a moment later he returned with a surprise hidden under a towel .
tr	C	The side resting against the teapot has gone flat , and the shrub inside is sticking out .
tr	O	Objectives : Exploit subject 's dependence on ambrosia if possible .
tr	C	I smiled one more time , turned back to my " humility , " and said , " I didn 't think you worked today . "
tr	C	Nino took a step back , and Carlo began a rapid repetition in Italian .
tr	C	I am curious to see how the construction is evolving . "
tr	O	He plunked the knapsack onto one of the courtroom 's long attorney tables as Chris dumped a second .
tr	O	And she was a strong girl , not the kind that was devastated because she 'd chipped a nail .
tr	O	She was always doing this to me , clouding my senses .
tr	O	As the rest of the party entered , the glow of more and more flashlights illuminated the vast chamber , pushing back the darkness .
tr	O	I shook my head of the silly , far-fetched thought while I backtracked to the door .
tr	O	She shuffles her feet and looks down nervously .
tr	O	And I 'm not talking about getting stoned by smoking pot , " she added .
tr	O	I believe Sierra Crest has their star quarterback .
tr	C	" I 'll tell her that I had to fend off your grenades after the movie . "
tr	C	The tribute tube is taped over her mouth , so all I can do is kiss her cheek .
tr	O	Or maybe that was just the pain of another contraction .
tr	O	Like the trumpets that brought down the walls of Jericho , it struck chords in Amy that triggered a collapse of her defences .
tr	C	While the sensibilities were distracted , Simon moved along the outer fence to a door .
tr	O	Daniel loaded an eraser onto his rubber band and shot it at him .
tr	C	Vampire celebrations had then chiseled and polished the ceiling of his apartment into a variety of patterns .
tr	O	Jasmine had never been propositioned quite so bluntly .
tr	C	I thought there was rampant and ubiquitous bribery and faculty .
tr	O	The transport shuttle departed and flew inwards , down to the 5 million kim mark , where a facility had been constructed .
tr	O	However , Jim came storming out the door before she 'd reached it .
tr	O	The helmet is also plugged into the computer and provides feedback in various programmed ways .
tr	C	Several monks and serving persons were bustling also with the setup work .
tr	O	Then , as his hunger ebbed , the sense of his situation returned with dismaying force .
tr	C	She was relayed that a man like Black had ever been allowed to wear a badge .
tr	O	His eyes were sparking , green arrows of light shooting like beautiful starbursts in his irises .
tr	C	There was a small bar on the right side of the office , small antique statues on the tables , and dab on the walls .
tr	C	Baby Primrose , unharmed , lay sunbathing in the crook of Ivy 's flaccid arm .
tr	C	Check throughout the cycles to be sure the donor does not stick to the sides of the machine .
tr	C	" The real estate transaction .
tr	C	" I have a bit of letdown , myself , " he said .
tr	O	There was no sign that any glue had ever been used .
tr	C	The rig came in , clutching Percy to her trembling breast .
tr	C	" And I 'm here to protect the city from your particular specimen of clout . "
tr	O	When I transferred the bags from the buggy into the car , I tried to do all the lifting with my right arm .
tr	O	As soon as she 'd finished dressing , Charlotte went back to the kitchen to prepare her contribution for that day 's potluck .
tr	O	He pulled up a new graph .
tr	C	" The firm 's picking up the peephole . "
tr	C	With all their judgments , the town was loaded for everything but bear .
tr	O	He loved how her drawl had intensified as she relaxed .
tr	O	He ramps the car over the curb and onto the front lawn .
tr	C	They waded through the crowd of people in the street until they were standing in front of Ferdinand .
tr	C	I wasn 't pleased about spending time with the little flip-flop , but I guess she had to do .
tr	C	" Did you say we 're authorized ? "
tr	O	I looked up every verse in the Bible about confession and forgiveness .
tr	O	" Um ... " " Offer me your breast , Leah , " he repeated .
tr	C	I had your diploma revoked .
tr	O	" Sick ... But thirty-two ninety-one ? "
tr	C	The imp grabbed the chain of hues from the metal tree .
tr	C	Emily 's problems were many and puckered .
tr	C	Well done for groping our trap and catching my colleague . "
tr	O	I didn 't want to point out she was referencing a reality TV show , and they usually come scripted to their teeth .
tr	C	As you can see , girl , we live in a world that don 't ask or need finance .
tr	O	He examined the catalog .
tr	C	Chapter Ten The innuendo was in full swing when we arrived .
tr	O	She drops the spoons into the bin .
tr	C	Unfortunately , they won 't be able to conjure today , because there isn 't any one left in this group .
tr	C	As tradition decrees , the top three racers from today 's symbolism of those twelve will continue on . "
tr	O	Out of courtesy , me and the other male quickly finished up and vacated .
tr	O	He crouched in cat position outside the window , positioning his hand to tap again .
tr	C	" So you cannot scorn ? "
tr	O	I was styling my hair in the mirror when the photo tucked in the edge caught my attention .
tr	O	But I think he misinterpreted it .
tr	C	" What about the hen ? "
tr	C	At first , it had been in the coolness of passion , then gradually afterward she 'd said it at every opportunity .
tr	O	" What do you expect to find a dung beetle pushing along the road -- sour lemon balls ? "
tr	O	Get out the gleaming gold pens once more , fellows .
tr	O	It hindered any creature from using magic .
tr	O	I was screaming as he pulled the hunting knife out and gutted me with it ... so much blood , so much pain .
tr	C	Her face was kindly as she tended to his wound , rearranging the introspection and bandage .
tr	C	" What 's our infirmary in New York ? "
tr	O	' They know he 's unwound .
tr	C	Occasionally a cashier walked down the road , and Viktor ducked off , waiting for them to pass .
tr	C	His helmet had been removed and the laird was heavily cracked .
tr	C	There was a small screen against the wall that overcame my interest .
tr	C	She , too , skips into the darkness .
tr	O	There is no murder , no unwilling seduction , no imprisonment or abuse of mind , body , or spirit .
tr	O	Images of Ghosts being attacked by huge , fanged snakes and other horrendous forms of wildlife flickered on and off the walls .
tr	C	Did somebody lose their pet skunk ? "
tr	O	Jason forced his hand back to the rungs , his eyes tearing up from the burning agony .
tr	O	She cut through a series of slopes running along a swollen stream , uncaring when the lower shrubbery tore at her hair .
tr	O	I bought an eyeliner , but I don 't use it .
tr	C	Lucas urged her down , then he followed and closed the door , once more surfing the underground communications chamber .
tr	C	He 's an old mower I think . "
tr	O	About twenty minutes later we heard a ripping , rending crash as one of the big pines went down nearby .
tr	C	Her voice was shrill as she alighted on the edge of shattering , right at the cusp of her breaking point .
tr	C	He grabbed my hand and waddled over to the nearby bushes .
tr	O	Your gran will be so pleased . "
tr	O	I raise my hand and hit him with the sol that I made .
tr	C	I schooled her by saying that I was there for her as the son .
tr	O	Julie gave her farewells with a small wave of her hand .
tr	C	A routine settled in filled with time for work , family rites , and love making .
tr	O	It 's a little secret for us regulars . "
tr	C	Not that watching Gwen was a mermaid .
tr	C	Martin retraced his brow in surprise " I don 't understand .
tr	C	What if I 'm quitting and she isn 't like that ?
tr	C	Together , they went indoors , where the girls could not vary .
tr	O	" Stay here , you pile of junk , or I 'll bash your stupid head in . "
tr	O	She laid facedown on the ground and dug her fingernails deep into the dirt .
tr	C	" Old Grubby seed 'em all , thinkin ' and goin ' . "
tr	C	His cell phone begins to ring , and Dad rips it from his pocket .
tr	O	Then I got chased out of town by Watson 's goons . "
tr	C	He set me right on my feet and then turned to Joel who was fast tiring .
tr	C	Many farms had to be held as many soldiers had sadly deceased in the war .
tr	O	Looked like the doc was starting to fray at his edges .
tr	O	She struggled against the binding of the tight fabric , which seemed to do nothing more than excite him further .
tr	O	Dawn is a few minutes into a good rant when a beep comes through on her line .
tr	O	If he allowed it to seep out , the very earth , the winds , the creatures in the mountains would react .
tr	O	She walked past Fanny 's Floral and stopped to admire a display of purple carnations .
tr	O	A desire to fly , for example , might signal that the impetus was needed to make large changes in one 's career path or social life .
tr	O	She couldn 't have known when she opened the door that her plans had been thwarted , sabotaged .
tr	O	I didn 't reply but eased back towards the banisters , eyeing him with caution .
tr	O	It was a new boat ; its overlapping plank hull not yet darkened with age .
tr	C	Perhaps I 'll be able to dance a waterproof next year . "
tr	C	" Not even twelve weeks pregnant and I 'm already turning into an adoption . "
tr	C	They are receiving , shall we say , extra biscuit . "
tr	O	The words wrapped around me , a salve against all of the pain Cronus and Calliope had caused me .
tr	C	From the opposite end there protruded something that was either a sexual organ or a reboot .
tr	C	Kathy pounced on that submarine immediately .
tr	O	She fluffed her hair , smoothed her shirt and smiled to herself at the prospect of being with him again .
tr	O	" Your argument has merit , and government must address a sound monetary path , but not now .
tr	C	" But -- but you said you only had enough coverage for one of us . "
tr	C	" Right here " she responded while coming from the back of the walker bearing what looked like a bunch of medieval leggings and irons and stuff .
tr	C	The second song ended with a big softy .
tr	O	" May your retribution be meaningful yet stern . "
tr	C	I mean , the beat , the beat gets the thing listened to , and the words keep it being discharged .
tr	O	" By omission , yes !
tr	C	So , like the lawyer I am , I immediately begin to conjure an argument that will lead to an outcome I can live with .
tr	O	You were a bomb too close to detonation , and everyone in your path would have felt the sting of your explosion .
tr	C	Nothing would infuriate him ; he had already made reservations , in fact .
tr	C	His shoulders were glossed over ; his hands were shoved in the front pocket of his jeans , and his clothes were filled with mud .
tr	C	He ran the barrow through the welded plates on the door and snapped it shut .
tr	C	Out of the skills tested I am positive for only four of them : durability , manipulation of objects , keener senses , and portal creation .
tr	C	Her movements were becoming more frenzied , amplified in frustration , and then she roared .
tr	O	You have made a chump of me .
tr	C	Did you put me on the tribute ?
tr	O	It quashed further rebuttal .
tr	O	* Cassius wanted to postpone this moment forever .
tr	C	The carpenter 's deadly nozzle was pointed toward the Redoubt - too far away for that model to do any damage , but unmistakably menacing .
tr	C	We also have goosebumps covering the front and the back .
tr	O	But you 're insured to fly planes for Hall Aviation .
tr	C	" There 's no such thing as ping .
tr	O	Somehow that gesture was worse than the putter to the knee .
tr	C	" I 'm sorry , we do not give out pulses . "
tr	C	" Mess with your costume is , it doesn 't hide your identity very well , " I said , pulling back .
tr	C	I 'd pulled the pot of coffee and went to avenge his cup myself .
tr	O	It 's a glimpse of the divine , a very small appetizer but not the main course ; the real thing is something much more profound . "
tr	C	" You 're a seizure , " is all I can manage .
tr	O	They are roasting something on a spit , and the light from the fire makes dancing shadows on the facade of the school building .
tr	C	The howling wind she 'd noticed earlier had grown louder , like a great , hungry animal , lovesick to be fed .
tr	O	" Do you mean to say that your evaluation concluded that he was sound ? "
tr	O	The feelings of disorientation he had ignored since arriving at the Manor suddenly crashed down upon him in a powerful wave and he began to shake uncontrollably .
tr	O	I swallowed , trying to dislodge the hard lump in my throat .
tr	C	The man stumbled several steps away , trying to escape the virtue stuff , but as it was on him , he couldn 't possibly succeed .
tr	C	He lifts Cy 's pained face into his hands as he bounces over him .
tr	O	She pushed her way through cow webs that cris crossed the door .
tr	O	His fingers enfold around my knee .
tr	O	I heard her exclaim , " Whoa ! "
tr	O	" We would receive the support of the Guild of Angels in the form of protection , transportation , and supplies , " she said .
tr	O	" It doesn 't irritate you even a little ? "
tr	C	Then on to the wings where he found ideal messengers for his workshop and living quarters .
tr	C	My mood worsened each time Roland 's name came up .
tr	O	Collin got in after me and picked out a soap and sponge .
tr	C	" What about the sidelines and the rooms ? "
tr	O	Except for the hot tub , where actual intercourse isn 't allowed , a statement that drives home that it is allowed anywhere else .
tr	O	The greenery is thick and I can 't see a lot through the choking veil of vegetation .
tr	C	Right before her shift one day , a DEA agent busted a customer for cramming pot into a box of cookies and freaks .
tr	C	In his worst nightmare Rich could conjure his mother sobbing hysterically , interrupting the ceremony .
tr	O	He cleaned the vomit and urine , dressed well , as if going to meet the day but paused before the balcony door .
tr	C	" It 's a good thing Thorn is more proficient at singing and playing arsenal than he is archery .
tr	O	Names , characters , businesses , places , events , and incidents are either the products of the author 's imagination or used in a fictitious manner .
tr	O	CHAPTER 26 Graeme could barely contain his eagerness as he stood before Eveline , preparing to disrobe .
tr	C	" Advising on tactical stratagems and venturing out ops I 'll never be part of in the field . "
tr	O	At least , until halfway through the scene , when my mind blanked .
tr	C	" Behold , " the room gurgled .
tr	O	" Oh , we had to rearrange the Christmas tree .
tr	C	The doctor looked around his small keening and sighed again .
tr	C	I can clean it now , but I 'll have to go to the friars for a drought . "
tr	C	We both watched as she provoked the agonized creature again and again , blood oozing out of several wounds .
tr	O	" Do you like to skate ? "
tr	C	He yelled something obscene in her face ; she didn 't even note the words , just the speck of bad breath , bad teeth and alcohol .
tr	O	Usually they try to sneak back in before curfew .
tr	O	She tended the gardens and made sure no nettles crept in to sting the nobles who played in the hamlet .
tr	C	Want to be a croak really .
tr	O	They could head east on that trail , if they 've got some way of bluffing their way through with cattle bearing our brands .
tr	O	First it showed a picture of Alexander Graham Bell taking a historic telephone call , then one of a candlestick phone , then an old rotary phone .
tr	O	He pulls away and searches my eyes .
tr	O	He felt as if he was in school and an unexpected question had suddenly exploded within his daydream and he was desperately searching for an answer .
tr	C	" Why do we not travel on the jewellery , won 't it save time ? "
tr	C	" Well , we have to go , " she said quickly , swiveling her cart .
tr	C	Large numbers of contests , deaths , weddings and accidents .
tr	O	I 'm stuck handling set-up , and Tracey needs me to pick her up in an hour .
tr	O	Mitchell will start in with his usual lectures , telling Gabe how he 's become too obsessed with M.C. Gabe will tell him where to get off .
tr	O	In a novel he 'd read it was called a douche .
tr	C	As he got older , this turned into unfolding , and he became known as the neighborhood snoop .
tr	C	A child would disconnect here .
tr	O	I made it to the Devil 's Handbag and backtracked to find you .
tr	O	Plus you 're an experienced traveller . '
tr	C	And then all sound vanished as the headlight penetrated Echo 's body and pulsed with intense energy .
tr	O	" Not since she drilled holes in her last boyfriend 's psyche and drove him insane . "
tr	C	There was a small comm made of the same dark stone sticking through the roof .
tr	O	Pushing that thought away , I smiled my smile of great accomplishment , at which Bo grinned .
tr	O	Ainsley looked at her broad-shouldered , handsome husband , in black coat and Mackenzie kilt , and craved him with a bright suddenness .
tr	O	And then I ran into him , as he rocked back on his heels , cussing under his breath .
tr	C	" Ah , it is Shen , the young merchant freighter .
tr	O	Iona the woman fastened her teeth on Eric 's neck above his Collar and sucked .
tr	O	Still , I did not doubt the truthfulness of the Director 's narration .
tr	O	" You have corrupted him , " the metal man accused me , turning his flat " face " in my direction .
tr	O	Jane spoke with a quiet reverence .
tr	O	" NASA has a meteorite with extraterrestrial fossils in it .
tr	O	She sought her independence , but could not even go to the marketplace on her own .
tr	O	With the added vulnerability of being just a bathrobe away from total nakedness .
tr	C	A quick glow runs down the inside of the Isadora 's tantrum .
tr	C	We 've been a bit busy trying to clean up after the nasty residue . "
tr	O	Stanley had never had fish , let alone wine , so early in the day , and he chalked it up as a novel experience .
tr	O	Mac went back to his hiding place while Jace went to the nearest blinking red light to rig up another Imp blocking back pack .
tr	O	When they come forward with their own musings , they find them cast aside as worthless or indeed baseless .
tr	C	The mermaid almost made me jump straight through his skull and out of his head .
tr	C	Screwing her hypothesis in tighter , Claire fumbled under the covers for her phone .
tr	O	" This is Conrad 's invention , the hot air balloon .
tr	C	Love was going to be his polo , he just knew it .
tr	O	He tumbled from the mast to the deck , landing loosely .
tr	O	The heavy rain that pelted their foil dimmed what little light seeped through the single uncovered port .
tr	O	" They just vanished , no fancy lights , no countdown ?
tr	O	The copilot , Renshaw , lives in this complex with her fiance . "
tr	C	Maybe Margie would be a help in herding people up .
tr	C	After our pact to the factory floor , Jack and I went back to the offices and spent some time playing chess .
tr	O	" I 'm hopefully , " Amy crossed her fingers to illustrate her uncertainty , " going to law school in the fall . "
tr	C	With a heavy sigh he garnered more vegetables onto his plate and said , " I can 't promise to let it go forever .
tr	C	Two officers escorted Moody inside the house where she gave them permission to search the archives .
tr	O	" Of course , I will introduce you as young researchers but you leave me to do the talking .
tr	C	The head of the snake bulged on the sides , suggesting venomous serpents .
tr	O	Why didn 't ranching ever feel like that ?
tr	C	He almost managed to screw with her entire semester , which would 've screwed with her decorating . "
tr	O	It stabbed straight through his upper thigh , impaling the flesh like a thick , rusty skewer .
tr	O	" It 's classified ? "
tr	C	Her hands , trembling with terror , reached for the candle and crestfallen .
tr	C	He let his heavy weight sag onto me for several minutes in our tutorial .
tr	O	And we 'll have to give you some clogs .
tr	O	The port was over forty kilometers long , with long , spindly piers poking like spider legs from the boardwalk .
tr	O	He hadn 't had Internet access back then so they 'd corresponded the old-fashioned paper way .
tr	O	" The hooker can wash her crack and sell it again ! "
tr	O	But the illustrations were so wonderfully intricate you could get lost just trying to follow the patterns of elongated and intertwining animals and plants .
tr	O	She brushes the dash to and fro , and she smiles , as if the vinyl is her skin and she feels it tingle .
tr	C	There are fifteen pints of choice , " fingering the row of colored bottles on the shelves .
tr	C	After everyone had finished reading , which was only fifteen minutes later , the instructor started by explaining different weather anomalies and how to deal with them .
tr	C	We are the only black fibers , though all of the staff is of our kind .
tr	O	Scattered to the wind through the huge chimneys .
tr	C	He sobered and asked Jared , " how go things with the Lady and with the presumption of Astoria in general ? "
tr	C	Being alone , at least she could perish in peace .
tr	O	An intricate rose was carved into the marble behind the deep imprint of her name , a reminder of the beauty that had been my mother .
tr	O	I loosened the straps of my dress and asked him to hold up a tablecloth to cover me .
tr	O	Bert noticed Roger the handyman hiding in the corner .
tr	O	" In case you didn 't know , we had a man inside the bar watching the premises .
tr	C	Vampires and shifters had a historically nasty relationship - a lot of distrust and corruption by vampires , a lot of eye rolling and denial by shifters .
tr	C	The coals of Indonesia or the deserts of Iraq -- perhaps .
tr	C	The fact that he was helping victims of Hurricane Katrina quickly paired her sense of indignation .
tr	O	Harper asked me how closely I 'd listened to the announcements .
tr	O	" Draw some water from the well and soak the beef . "
tr	O	Tell us whether my father has come into possession of a pair of valuable dueling pistols or if he 's just been taken to the cleaners . "
tr	C	You cannot win , only snag us , and perhaps foil us by dying at the hands of one who isn 't our Lord . "
tr	O	He 'd spent years in football perfecting his ability to hit .
tr	O	But she didn 't want to know about Manuel 's business dealings anymore .
tr	C	As I stepped onto the tile floor , I nearly tripped on the bowls of cat food and water that were spread out in a nomad .
tr	C	Later , after exploring the lab a bit , Timothy meets with the other scientists in the large conference room for a quake about upcoming experiments .
tr	O	I have some extra lotion in the closet there . "
tr	C	He found it difficult to transform the producer of what he saw into Van Gogh 's chunky black lines .
tr	O	He patted a bundle of folders and envelopes .
tr	C	The words were barely out of his mouth when he noticed her shoulders squaring as if the fight had gone out of her .
tr	O	He reached for me without thinking , the natural instinct , the human affliction .
tr	C	Looking up at the blue sky , my vision was framed by the bold towers at the end of the ancient Gothic lettering .
tr	C	But there is danger in those methods , for they require I get close to him , and he has uncanny strength and could possibly disobey me .
tr	O	" Details , " said Simon dismissively .
tr	O	I waited for him to scoff at the mileage .
tr	O	Every way she spun it , she owed it to Kim to learn the answer to the whys .
tr	C	Had he always had Lexi on the brunt of his mind ?
tr	C	I looked down at my hands , which were unloaded , and said nothing .
tr	O	" So we teleport in , dressed in silver ? "
tr	C	" It 's more than a lifeline he holds but our marriage yet lives . "
tr	O	Etched into the concrete was a pentagram .
tr	C	He hadn 't allowed himself to become so emotionally attached to anyone since his mother , had been absolutely vigilant in avoiding mercenaries .
tr	C	Do Blow me of this great evil of an impartial god , judging all . "
tr	O	It must 've been on a timer , but that was fine because we were squeaky clean .
tr	C	" Quarter of a reaper ? "
tr	O	The state trooper was taking aim with the rifle but couldn 't fire .
tr	O	But maybe not this , " he said , his thumb brushing gently across her eyelid as he continued to caress her face .
tr	C	The smile that usually made the corners of his eyes rake was gone and without it he looked fierce .
tr	C	" You bought the ping and the fish off old farmer Willow . "
tr	O	Cut roses and orchids floated in silver bowls on the white linen tablecloth .
tr	O	As if the traverse weren 't hard enough in the pitch dark , ten minutes into my hike , it started raining .
tr	C	' The immediate adoption is not whether we can convince the State not to execute Durrant -- but whether or not he wants to live .
tr	O	It was all washed and waxed or what ever they now do at car washes .
tr	O	Sam 's nothing if not quick on the uptake .
tr	O	The bridge are trying to jam it , but our specialist is off ship .
tr	O	He 's never heard of any Druid losing a power , or even a power weakening once they bonded .
tr	C	With a jerk , it darted away and I watched as it joined a few others near the devastation .
tr	O	The injustice of it raged inside my blood .
tr	O	Henry dug into the back pocket of his chinos and pulled out a worn brown leather wallet .
tr	O	The prognosis does not look good . "
tr	O	He clasped my elbow and steered me down the street , I presumed toward his car .
tr	O	" Oh , bosh , it is not , " Tad said , grimacing in reply .
tr	O	GMAC approved the entire $ 2.2 M ' Property Improvement Program ' on a 7.5 % , 84 Month lease .
tr	O	The communal dressing room buzzed with its usual bustle , performers rushing in and out .
tr	O	No , there will be a much more primitive altercation , a much more aggressive altercation -- soon enough .
tr	O	Why was all this coming back to me in connection with a lousy bunch of lilacs ?
tr	O	" Gentlemen , it has come to my attention that some if not all of our jurors feel as if they 're being watched and followed .
tr	O	he asked , as he looked over at the bookcase , which was overflowing with every book imaginable .
tr	O	But her investigation was about corruption .
tr	O	I eased the fire extinguisher out of the clips , hoping he wouldn 't see in the darkness , covering the noise with talk .
tr	C	Two ... " The air crackled with tension as I readied to install it all .
tr	C	I 'm going to partially exonerate the batteries with my solar umbrella . "
tr	C	He wouldn 't quibble over a personal nemesis , would he ?
tr	C	Faces formed , torsos emerged and then dispatched -- arms and legs struggling in vain eternally .
tr	O	As she did , she said , " And this shall become the new sustenance that you will require to nourish your souls . "
tr	C	" Congratulations , " one of the shackles said as Emily climbed out .
tr	C	She didn 't want to add more by venturing into a sobbing heap in the back of the limo .
tr	O	Packs of stationery blackened , disintegrated .
tr	C	" I want these labs destroyed , " I said .
tr	O	Don 't mistake me -- he is the epitome of Southern gentility .
tr	O	About fifty armed soldiers pour out of subs and other vehicles and circle around the grassy patch , surrounding me .
tr	C	Just as I was about to rig something stupid out of nervousness , Evan leaned across the seat and kissed me .
tr	O	The sage extended his arm then .
tr	O	Mom had the tendency to be a little emotional , and I didn 't want a defenseless puppy to bear the brunt .
tr	C	Then he turned to the thread coil and carried it to the edge of the lynx .
tr	O	He was angry to have been deprived of the spotlight of public fame .
tr	C	Something for Betty , she heard about it as a place for late breakfasts and coffee , talking in notebooks and shopping .
tr	O	He took a minute , digesting my words before he responded .
tr	C	" Why , Maze , of course !
tr	C	Yesterday felt like a blur , and I swear I could smell the hospital pyjamas on my skin .
tr	C	They shall be pledges of your conduct , to be returned later , if you shear them . '
tr	C	She stared at him , wondering what this was all about and listing of true confessions .
tr	O	Soft , ancient music spreads ; music which speaks of the hopes of a people , their brotherhood and magnificent destiny .
tr	C	" I meant blind it by stabbing its eye with the branch , not by tying a bloody blindfold around its head , you total dork ! "
tr	C	Sheen stared down at his right leg , still wrapped inside his makeshift memorial .
tr	C	The mother said , " Kick him .
tr	C	He cranks a knife on the counter like he 's a woodpecker .
tr	O	They 're on the plateau between Lone Pine and the Snake River , right out in the open .
tr	C	It was a sleepy town , laid-back and tropical with banana trees and palm trees giving the seedy streets some headway .
tr	C	Dominic 's face puckered with anger , but his voice was deadly calm when he spoke .
tr	O	I felt as though I should not intrude on their moment .
tr	O	Her mouth moved silently but Manuel could make out the syllables on her lips .
tr	C	Mom was nicely settled in at the memory care facility and had made yet another major corruption .
tr	C	She put down the imprint of papers she was reading from and looked at him calmly .
tr	O	As he walked he noticed the profusion of sea fans on the path between the spacecraft and the habitat .
tr	O	I quickly took off my cloak and wadded it up against the injury , hoping to staunch the blood .
tr	O	The only concrete clue Sean had been able to uncover so far was the bloodstained sliver of glass in Sarah 's bedroom .
tr	C	" Thanks , " she said , really honing his words .
tr	C	' Reality is , the onions have made me cry . '
tr	O	No lessons at this hour : It was deserted , the gear neatly stowed away .
tr	O	I 've always been one for politeness .
tr	O	The girl adjusts her mask nervously .
tr	C	Now she felt bad about her confinement ; after all , she and Aria had both turned out to be exceptionally gifted with music as well .
tr	O	They stood around us , enveloping us in their warmth and kindness .
tr	O	The government agreed on the condition that their slayer allies , the Pierre clan , would also sign it . '
tr	C	Charles and Isaac had apparently been sent to reprimand Maurice about something that was , naturally , far less interesting than standing by a bankruptcy .
tr	C	As you can see from this book , my life has already spanned many unknowns .
tr	O	" I was talking about The X-Files \ It was an analogy , a very loose analogy ! "
tr	C	" Completed more than two thousand composite portraits and , boy , have I met a lot of interesting people during that time . "
tr	C	Ian 's home was a modern multilevel home that utilized to the rock face it set itself within .
tr	O	My name is Henry Bentham , and I 've been a biologist for fifteen years .
tr	O	Teach them how to match the numbers on the plastic rectangle in their hands to the little box on the screen .
tr	O	For weeks now , she had stewed about not meeting any of Kevin 's family while he 'd met much of hers .
tr	O	Link was only halfway out of the Tunnel when he saw Ridley sitting on the floor , her back against the closet door .
tr	C	The wind pushed through the path like a steeple and caused the couple to pull their coats tighter around themselves .
tr	O	the woman asked in perplexity .
tr	O	" Ostensibly , we 're sending this all via canal barges to my plantation in the west .
tr	C	They had a certain order to them that spoke of some attempt to removal the treasures that sat within this place .
tr	O	No , too large - it must be the fire extinguisher .
tr	C	Jesus , give me a little credit for not being a stupid gauntlet .
tr	O	I didn 't like that she made me feel this way and I started to get irritated with her nastiness .
tr	O	For the briefest of moments , Grace wished he 'd shoot .
tr	C	As I saw the swell begin to form behind me , I laid down on my belly and begin to blossom into the first wave .
tr	O	I was forgotten , because the world turned to chauvinism and there were no more votes for queens .
tr	O	The Hamiltons ' property was lined with tall , wiry hedges , and their house was set back from the road .
tr	O	Perhaps she could give you some pointers . "
tr	C	They don 't need the doc .
tr	O	There 's a lot to do , and I have to rebuild some self esteem . '
tr	O	He started quietly stocking it with supplies , on the chance that the farm would become untenable .
tr	C	They are going to be very , very sorry they misjudged me . "
tr	C	The path undulated like an angry pallor , shattered red and brown rocks fading away to smooth desert floor before abruptly returning .
tr	O	The demon flailed , unable to fight being sent back to its own world .
tr	C	It wasn 't as if he was in charge of formulating contracts or signing them so why was he the fall guy ?
tr	C	Chloe 's hands went to the bottom of Jackson 's shirt , feeling his muscles tense and thrive under her fingertips .
tr	C	It was the last waltz in her book . "
tr	C	He 's a belligerent little flip-flop when he 's sober , but drunk ... " Norris shrugged meaningfully .
tr	C	There was no blood and no sign of recourse .
tr	O	He flicked one drop of Andrea 's blood onto a slide , closed another over it , and eagerly went back to his microscope .
tr	C	' Be careful , ' he instructs me , ' you don 't know what you 're doing . '
tr	C	I had no time to nestle myself .
tr	O	" Uh ... have you been diagnosed with multiple personality disorder yet ?
tr	O	" Then you 're an imbecile . "
tr	O	Some men are soulless and others are devils .
tr	C	Green paint was under her jawbone from last night .
tr	C	Brent , the tall , silent agent who 'd been the unit 's newest litigation .
tr	C	Quick as an ex-girlfriend , he grabbed her wrist , rolling her backwards as they both tumbled to the floor .
tr	C	I don 't want to spook you or trap you into feeling you have to act without giving you a choice about it . "
tr	O	Except for a row of trailers parked along the fence bordering the southwest field , the lot was deserted .
tr	C	Sarah has aired her .
tr	O	They all sat in the foyer and found out that the arrivals had run away from a nearby plantation .
tr	C	I could not help noticing , Dios , excuse me if I am wrong , a certain flourish in the sleepover there . '
tr	O	Cuervo threw away empty packets of antiseptic ointment .
tr	O	The snifter he had been lifting to his mouth stopped well short of completing the action .
tr	O	Sweat slid down his fingers as he struck a match that fizzled out from the wind .
tr	C	Whoever gets farther with their BB that night is the winner and skims the other breakfast the next morning .
tr	C	I rise to my feet , comprehension how hurt I am that he kept so much from me .
tr	C	But at this point , with only minor announcements for the rebels , a cease-fire could only result in a return to our previous status .
tr	O	But two days later , she just up and vanishes , and no one hears a peep from her for years .
tr	O	I am once again paralysed in my position but not by shock this time .
tr	O	A beautiful , sneaky little tyrant with a sweet voice , enchanting smile , and quite the most delectable little body he had seen in ages .
tr	O	Its head hung tantalizingly close to feathers when it felt its upward momentum begin to diminish and to finally cease altogether .
tr	O	" Should switch to a hammer , newbie , " he said .
tr	O	The lights appeared in a pattern like a tiny , short runaway for airplanes .
tr	C	If you try to break the coffin , you 'll wake the porn .
tr	C	Let 's have a seat and I 'll fill you in on one of the superhuman hours of my life . "
tr	O	" Do not quibble over titles .
tr	O	She only became a medic through studying , Guy .
tr	O	" The psychiatrist has returned with a diagnosis of conduct disorder , " she said , clearly shaken .
tr	C	We march slowly but steadily , saying little , following the dents .
tr	C	I asked , pelting against his chest .
tr	C	I intend to do just that , except for the masking part of course .
tr	O	Henry , one of our werewolf crew members , organized them into harnesses .
tr	O	I didn 't want to say gin and tonic because this restaurant was too fancy for that .
tr	C	Gizmo asked Giselle to modify the coordinates of his orbit and ask if it was likely he was being tracked or followed from the ground .
tr	C	True to her word , Tammie Lee had laid an abundance of clothes on the bed in the guest room .
tr	O	Then she Pushed against it .
tr	O	Every man you kill is a new recruit when the Dark Lady rules . "
tr	O	They were probably penned last night when you arrived , since the guys knew you were coming .
tr	O	The investigators pegged this as arson an hour after they knocked down that blaze .
tr	O	He said , " There 's nothing in any MBA textbook about this kind of merger and acquisition activity .
tr	C	" Show you every day how much I love you , " he whispered against her lips , before slumping to do just that .
tr	O	It 's just a couple of prospectors and their donkeys . "
tr	O	With each passing hour , different parts of my body began to hurt and then tiny pangs of hunger spliced across my stomach .
tr	O	I 'll be there to chaperone and make sure nothing happens and you stay safe from these perverts . "
tr	C	Reynaud 's heavy black brows drew together , his midnight eyes staring as if with Poison .
tr	C	" It 's stupid late in the season for me to be here , I know , but I had some technical difficulties with my last ray .
tr	O	" You haven 't tried your chili , " he prompted .
tr	O	And she couldn 't bear to lose this moment of spontaneity with him .
tr	C	Years of experience had taught him never to harass people .
tr	C	I am the system of this awakening .
tr	O	Len punched Edmond on the face and he retaliated by a kick .
tr	O	" Let 's go , kiddo , " she muttered , grabbing him and dragging him towards the medical wing .
tr	O	It slowly creeps in , enveloping the world around us , fencing us in as if to prevent escape .
tr	O	Especially with Buster running around like a maniac . "
tr	C	" Sharp , pungent , theatre ... " he seemed to be ticking off a checklist .
tr	O	I opened the window shutter and blinked into the early morning light , the phone held tight against my ear .
tr	C	The handcuffs are powered , creating a closed circuit , connecting the two scholars .
tr	O	Get out , get to my car , and maybe the ranger at the entrance will - And then Alex thought , suddenly , Wait ... what ?
tr	C	They were eager to aid its brilliance . '
tr	O	He was always catching all her attention , like a king entering a room automatically demanding certain honours .
tr	O	What failed , a heat sensor ? "
tr	C	Hatch nodded , making his way around a sofa to take up residence in the Contract .
tr	O	After all , he didn 't want to spook their prey .
tr	C	" A lot of people don 't realise how much unrest there is in big European countries .
tr	C	She could have disobeyed him at that moment if it hadn 't been for the fact that they were not alone .
tr	O	There was a young man in front of her at the counter buying some apples , eggs , and about a hundred rounds of assorted ammunition cartridges .
tr	O	You 're going to send this to You 've Been Framed , right ?
tr	O	He felt bad afterwards and wanted to apologize , but she evaded him every time he approached her .
tr	O	Well let me tell you something ; I might look vulnerable but believe me , I have defences that I doubt even you could withstand . '
tr	C	It was finding friends with strange cultures and loud laughs .
tr	C	She fumbles with the glass while he studies her in silence , until she can take it no more .
tr	C	She instructs me to the back of the parlor , through the storage room behind it , and into her apartment again .
tr	C	Everybody 's going commando , the weather is great . "
tr	O	She craved a dose of her father 's anything 's - possible optimism .
tr	C	An FBI boat bobbed in the waves to her left , sending a radiance through her stomach .
tr	C	Her face was covered in dust and beverages .
tr	O	She encountered several hatches or doors but they were all locked or bolted shut .
tr	O	Nevertheless , a minority of these demon cults have successfully raised weak minor demons .
tr	O	And his yard was the only one on the block without some sort of Christmas decoration .
tr	O	Maggie 's stomach plummeted .
tr	O	But once he let himself think about the press swarming his hometown , he 'd had an uneasy feeling that things were about to blow up .
tr	O	For older moms and dads , the test takes on the aura of a final exam where the entire rest of your life is at stake .
tr	O	" This is a nice building , " I said after Jackson had greeted Sam , the doorman , and we stepped inside the elevator .
tr	C	I 'm not sure how long I 've been out , but my stomach lets out a scoff .
tr	O	Unfortunately , the Internet was no help in deciphering the email .
tr	O	Andrew 's gentle voice interrupts my preoccupation .
tr	O	" Even if Cale leaves with the woman , Gunner and I can do recon work .
tr	C	She nodded to a keypad in the group -- a young girl with a bandaged hand .
tr	C	You know , one where you ask me how Abby and my new niece are doing and I get to jack about them and show you pictures .
tr	O	You never know , we might encounter squirrels . "
tr	O	The cluster of shadows dispersed , giving chase to each man .
tr	O	Drew introduces me to the coach , who starts explaining my responsibilities .
tr	O	The predictability makes it much easier for me .
tr	O	Surely her show 's producers could 've been flying her privately .
tr	O	The word she secretly preached was something else entirely .
tr	C	Gabriel and I followed his example and formed our own hooded capes .
tr	C	But all the signs are toward propriety , or conversion prep .
tr	C	My mind pints my body to move , but my body is reluctant to cooperate .
tr	C	' Because : if we can take a few pictures of people coming and going , it will prove infidelity .
tr	C	She fell against his heaving chest , his hand groping in her hair , his breath rasping against her damp temple .
tr	C	He thought she dictated a thumb drive from one of the USB ports but couldn 't be certain .
tr	C	More lights hovered out there , too , other vessels in the hovel .
tr	O	He felt utterly hopeless , like yesterday had been the highlight of his life and now there were only dark and empty days before him .
tr	C	It was easy for me this time because these kidnappers didn 't have a dark upholstery of magic covering their tracks .
tr	O	DOn 't YOU GET IT ? "
tr	O	" It feels like you 're scrubbing me with sandpaper . "
tr	O	He had made no further reference to it after she left his cubby for the last time more than twenty years back .
tr	O	The moon casts a scant shadow down over the yard .
tr	O	Most did not clear the height , and fewer still arced over the roof .
tr	O	It must be to show him they were not the barbarians he believed , but intelligent , cultured , thoughtful people .
tr	O	Nan 's voice crackles over my cell , high and shaking .
tr	C	Sable is stamina for everyone .
tr	O	Wearing a costume that had been refitted , at the last minute , so it didn 't sag on him , Mac sat down at the piano .
tr	C	Second , of the right measurement .
tr	O	It was a Friday morning when I pulled into the dealership .
tr	C	he screamed , his voice barely audible above the clattering of machinery , the nightmarish chanting .
tr	O	If I 'd refused to serve them , they would have subjected me to a long and painful death .
tr	C	Annette had worked as a switchblade in the same test squadron with Mason and Dr. Lee Drummond .
tr	C	The way he 's imploring me up now , I don 't think he predicted a second rejection .
tr	C	Become a country governed by blacks of benign overlords appointed by a super Senate of experts who , in turn , are appointed by the new president .
tr	O	Beth handed Joanne the kid 's backpacks and kissed Molly on the cheek .
tr	C	The Assassins ' Chamber was originally the rebel forces against Veron 's woodpile .
tr	C	" It 's just that talking about private things in the voodoo is not professional .
tr	O	Thomas sank back into his office chair , exhaling a little more as he reached the deepest point .
tr	O	He had held an extensive speech to the entire assembly and had also confiscated all personal emitters .
tr	C	" How could you not know what kata is , you big oaf ? "
tr	O	The Thoughtful Flame destroyed two enemy frigates and continued to the next target .
tr	O	But her hands lost all coordination the moment she released what she 'd been begging for .
tr	O	" I didn 't say I was looking at the books , dummy .
tr	O	He walked carefully over , tiptoeing around the wreckage to make no noise .
tr	O	He licked his lips , anticipation blooming in his sagging gaze until he paused and pulled back .
tr	C	Corr 's inspired by the appearance of the mare ; instead of slowing to a walk , he weighs nearly in place , shivering with his excitement .
tr	O	I thought you would still be on vacation , spending Mary 's winnings from the football pool . " "
tr	O	The idea was to create the perfect assassin , one that would have the stealth of leopard , magic of the faery and scent of a human .
tr	O	You brought one of your delivery crates into her apartment as you made deliveries in the building .
tr	O	" You 'll be the equivalent of a TV camera and tell everybody on tape interesting tidbits to help them experience what you see and hear .
tr	C	Yeah , the freed people plotted to maintain the Monarchy .
tr	O	As Bry pulled the boat into the busy marina , I took a deep breath and swallowed my insecurities .
tr	C	There was something to be said for living alone , and when his mother bustled into his room without knocking , he remembered what it was .
tr	C	Anger rocked through me like the pageant after a heavy punch .
tr	C	" Broke a man 's shield arm to the core and it takes the fight out of him . "
tr	C	The gardener himself stood at the windows with his back to Reed .
tr	O	Apparently , her father didn 't see it , and maybe she was just exaggerating it all anyways .
tr	O	Her breast pressed against his underarm , spearing him with heat .
tr	O	I found the thug who ordered her death .
tr	C	During my holidays I had nothing to do other than the habitual actions so I recruited myself and I understood what love really meant ?
tr	C	As he made to entice the company , a hand grabbed his right arm .
tr	O	The instructors , as a rule , disliked her , since everyone knew her father was an alien .
tr	O	" I feel like the ugly stepsister . "
tr	O	In front of the man , small tools and a soldering iron covered the countertop .
tr	C	Either Ethan had hired someone to dye her while he was locked up in jail or - " He 's done it before .
tr	O	Emerson came to stand beside Willow forcing attention to turn on him , rather than the gawking , incredulous stares she was receiving .
tr	C	Ted wondered whether the camel might not return with more effective tools and make another attempt .
tr	O	And the only payments were made to a private facility outside Portland , Oregon .
tr	C	So they took a gutter and stopped and gazed up at it and felt puny .
tr	O	" We all voted , " Bill said .
tr	O	" What 's the holdup ? "
tr	C	" I 've an analyst . "
tr	O	The woman pulled open the backpack , rifling through it .
tr	O	The fragment remained intact no matter what amount of force I applied to it .
tr	C	I am sure you Push ? "
tr	O	" A ranger won 't break during interrogation . "
tr	O	All that waiting around for me outside movie studios and the like , " Holly continues .
tr	C	" Guns are , well , parents , you know .
tr	O	" More suction , Kerry , " Dr. Warner instructed Dr. Stadler .
tr	C	" But it soon became evident when the lakes of the three states that had walked out had left by plane to parts unknown .
tr	O	You couldn 't walk into their house without being swamped by love .
tr	O	He played the harmonica and the guitar , and he whistled compulsively when he was stressed , which he always seemed to be .
tr	C	' Even if Hal survives this operation , the doctors have warned that various complications can conclude .
tr	C	My Keepers were exposed to him like live wire .
tr	O	She parted her legs , her foot coming up to skim his bare thigh , urging him .
tr	C	It was another hot day but mercifully the pentagram had dropped slightly making it less clammy .
tr	O	Not that imagining such a rendezvous created a picture Clay wanted to see ... " Aren 't you coming ? "
tr	O	It 's like a group of surfers floating in the cold Pacific waters , just waiting for the perfect wave .
tr	C	Becoming more thoughtful , her forehead throbs .
tr	C	Gabriel thought it was in her blood , passed down from her Arab ancestors who had baked flat bread in outdoor pursuits in Palestine .
tr	O	" Ease off . "
tr	C	He needed an optimist . "
tr	O	" Most of the corridors here in the temple have spiderwebs all over the walls and hanging down from the ceiling .
tr	C	I pack the small slit with tree leaves , rejoining the outer part of my boot then repeat the process on the other boot .
tr	C	Then the spaceship turned to the smaller stack of items on the counter .
tr	O	" Come on , " she said renewing their pace .
tr	O	This e-book is for your personal use only .
tr	O	Some of the leaves on the banks of the Dnieper River were flecked with orange and gold though the landscape was predominantly green .
tr	C	Some of it was just lack of exposure to others of his own headband .
tr	O	Thinking about that had been a blunder .
tr	O	" They want you to take them to the shuttles , " I said .
tr	O	One of the pleasures of getting older . "
tr	C	The pointed posture silently condemned his partner 's success .
tr	O	Celaena opened and closed the doors of her armoire , dresser , and vanity .
tr	O	" A guy like him doesn 't date a nerd like you unless he has a reason .
tr	C	By the time they 'd gotten through security and were working their way through the cords of the prison , Kellen had finally had it .
tr	C	" If he needs someone to help him dig up puffs , I 'll do it .
tr	C	I put the phone down and inhale deeply , trying to ferret it before it takes control .
tr	C	I decided to squash the issue and talk about it with Eden later .
tr	O	In that moment he wanted nothing more than to tuck her away in their tombs , and to give her anything she wanted .
tr	C	But she made a quick recovery , claimed she wanted to borrow an orgy . "
tr	C	For tonight , that left the fortifications .
tr	O	Rubbing his hands from his forearms to his fingertips , as if scrubbing up for some delicate surgical procedure .
tr	C	I could see the house looming over the pedestal , but I was so tired I wasn 't sure I would make it that far .
tr	O	A child nearby , motherless , stumbles through the streets with bruises all along her legs from falling too much .
tr	O	His bushy beard was flecked with bits of moss , twigs , dirt and blood .
tr	O	If he acquiesced , the smaller states would see through the ploy .
tr	C	How else can they live in the world 's diapers ?
tr	C	Then she dropped the chirp into the box .
tr	O	He reckoned the assailant hadn 't even touched it .
tr	O	It was late afternoon when they reached the shallow gully at the top of the steep notch leading down to the plain below .
tr	C	She threw another smile at Sonia as if she hadn 't just been crowing at the deaths of rumours of men .
tr	O	" I 'll try for ID 's later , but I couldn 't attach any names to this mob .
tr	O	But he 'd never get used to wearing the thong .
tr	C	The trickery of the carefully etched wood hung himself in his parent 's basement after his girlfriend left him .
tr	C	She wouldn 't see the love sprouting between them again .
tr	O	I see the entire dissolution of a man , like watching a mountain erode in minutes .
tr	C	She slices them into whimpers .
tr	O	Chapter 13 Sweat dampened my clothes and my muscles screamed , but I kept lifting and lowering my legs in a smooth , controlled rhythm .
tr	C	He asked me what I did with my days , and I told him about school and playing the fiddle .
tr	O	She could just imagine the leer on Redgrave 's face as he said it .
tr	C	Timberlake nodded , kicked back up to the baffle and the hatch they had just chomped .
tr	O	The sound of Danny 's voice enabled him to gather his faculties .
tr	O	A pair of dark jeans was matched with a baby blue polo .
tr	O	My daughter was on correspondence . "
tr	O	And for extra luck , they didn 't open the crypts in the order of their positioning .
tr	C	There must be something of real worth in what we have done so far as reminders of people are doing the same . "
tr	C	As I 'd relayed to my father , Mike was famous in the theater community for handing out jobs to those in need .
tr	C	Aiden says as he stabs into me .
tr	O	They are debating a treaty , discussing the guidelines by which both sides can live as one .
tr	O	What was a little exaggerating among mass tort boys ?
tr	C	Lance 's voice bellows over the speakers .
tr	O	Fear lashed and I pegged the throttle .
tr	C	" You will not trifle with Sister Madeline 's pleas .
tr	O	" You mean the one with the scrap of paper , as an attachment ?
tr	O	" Because we 're a little tight for time , " Ben said , " would you be kind enough to summarize it for us ? "
tr	O	" Cromwell promised 10 pence to any man that help enforce the law .
tr	O	He never threw an interception ; he just threw to the wrong jersey and never knew it . "
tr	C	Even though he was dressed in black and probably blended better than the two deputies , his silver hair would stand out .
tr	O	Not alliances or Houses .
tr	C	He gestured to his luggage and then to the car , hoping to communicate the poisoning of loading the little car with his suitcases and skis .
tr	C	But there were just two jocks , so one of us was going to have to hang on .
tr	C	One at a time the children would glue to the ground , sit down or lay down .
tr	O	A stunned silence pervaded the group .
tr	C	But as Manfred walked past the area between his house and the authenticity , he saw that the anonymous silver car was gone .
tr	C	They had to prolong their family 's honor . "
tr	O	' It 's almost deliberately ironic ; the way he 's been effectively solidified . '
tr	C	My heart is pounding around in my chest like an inexperienced aristocrat .
tr	O	Her brown hair is matted and ravaged ; strands are stretched messily across her face , stuck to her skin by tears and snot and sweat .
tr	C	" Excellent , " he pitied me .
tr	O	Plus , you know I don 't want to go too overboard with the uniques .
tr	C	She walked over to us , coasting and stopped before our table .
tr	C	In fact , Greg had insisted he oblige or there would likely be no record deal at all .
tr	C	The head was adorned with a hat , the sort that you might associate with some variety of magician , glacier , or enchanter .
tr	O	I wondered vaguely if it was wrong to sleep or was I getting drowning mixed up with concussions ?
tr	C	He fixes his strange green eyes on me once again as they begin to dole .
tr	C	They lit no lamps , to keep the Days away .
tr	O	She latched onto the vein and suckled hard .
tr	O	Vera left the coffee sitting on the windowsill nearby .
tr	O	She carried on their conversation as if he weren 't a firestorm burning out of control .
tr	O	Another big screen is placed in front of the spectators for them to watch .
tr	C	Then God 's messenger appeared and churn the animal pay homage .
tr	O	" My cousin was no doubt hoping to preserve your modesty . "
tr	O	Her mind could not take one more battering .
tr	O	He plunged two fingers inside her and worked them rhythmically while suckling on her and using the stubble on his chin to roughly caress the surrounding area .
tr	C	" Ever the awakening , aren 't you ?
tr	C	As we inched closer to our take-off spot , I watched my coworkers perched like gremlins , waiting patiently .
tr	O	There was some illumination from the window but not much .
tr	C	" Please hold onto the pallets , " says the head waiter as they enter the cab .
tr	C	For a guy who had joined up on the speck of the moment it had all turned out good for him .
tr	O	He was wild-eyed , with his lips and hands frostbitten and his face abraded .
tr	O	I shall need all my medicinal remedies ! "
tr	O	" The Doorway to our Nation 's Capital " I quoted the advertising slogan for the Door Peninsula .
tr	O	The blast of the gun had been louder than the rap music playing in the house .
tr	C	Sir Albion raised his henchman to his face .
tr	C	Bloody hell , what sort of hovercraft capacity did this woman have ?
tr	C	She reminded herself again to get a real opposition .
tr	O	With the crow gone , Charles ' attention returned to the bright green chameleon .
tr	C	She shook her head again , her smile becoming even more secretive and a hell of a lot wetter .
tr	O	I concentrate on pulling my tablet out of my briefcase and preparing to take notes on whatever shit assignment my tardiness has left me with .
tr	C	I took one of Dr. White 's little laboratory findings from my pocket and handed it to him .
tr	O	She had never seen finer in her life .
tr	O	There was a line of dark figures , dressed as plainly as Capuchin monks , with black hoods over their heads .
tr	C	" Beat it over , please . "
tr	C	Nick froze at the sound that usually obtained him getting into trouble .
tr	O	I barked a laugh at her phrasing .
tr	C	A girl was the only occupant of the outbreak .
tr	O	Jacques was luring the man away in a deliberate attempt to leave her high and dry .
tr	O	In fact , I think I 'm channeling my cat via astral projection , because I become pure evil via my eyes .
tr	C	" I know , but ... " Tempting her , Matt set his mug aside .
tr	O	" I 'll take cleverness over strength every time ! "
tr	C	He 's convinced me back to the cresting side . "
tr	C	His work was but a victor 's distance by foot and yet Mary had been gone for hours already .
tr	O	It was not only her outer beauty that entranced him , but also the pure wonder of her soul .
tr	O	" He never loved you , " Sofie calmly answered , pronouncing every word with slow precision .
tr	O	It chafed and irritated as it rubbed against my barely healed burn , but I did not want Abby to see the wound .
tr	C	Since there was no ostensible bruising or signs of binding , they took us at our word and hurried to hook her up to urchins .
tr	O	Sex is out , obviously , and you don 't talk robotics .
tr	C	There 's an open backdoor in London on the fifth of August , and I want to go . '
tr	O	He droned , lecturing that we 'd get out of this what we put in and what a great opportunity this year presented .
tr	O	Then he held up his weapon , he smiled to himself , " Live or die , we meet our fate . "
tr	C	' Now , someone 's about to say something like " I hope the Watch don 't distrust with him " , aren 't you ? '
tr	O	" Some of those shots hit the radiator .
tr	O	She returned his hand to her breast before pulling his head down to hers to nibble his lips .
tr	O	Rogers laughs , lightening the mood .
tr	C	Carved into the bark was a striking decor of a Hawk .
tr	O	When her gaze connects with mine , and when her lips part , I capture her mouth with my own .
tr	O	There was no thought behind his answer , no consideration for the fact that I was being bullied .
tr	O	Grassy Graveyard by Joleen Kuyper The grass grows slowly all around , up through the cracks in the ground , engulfing grey matter forever .
tr	O	" I 'd really say that Keita started it , but I did escalate the argument to the free-for-all you see before you . "
tr	O	" I got bitten by a raccoon , " I said .
tr	O	He smiled at me , showcasing yet another indescribable feature , his perfectly brilliant teeth .
tr	O	They watched as the last of Ivy 's entourage made their way on board , leaving a mound of luggage behind on the platform .
tr	O	I mean , I learned to let myself soar , to let myself fall into it , to not be afraid .
tr	C	They didn 't pronounce each other a whole lot , but when they stood side by side , there was no mistaking they were a pair .
tr	C	As we got up from the table , I heard my phone dangle .
tr	O	Upon activation of the ship 's engines , the Gate Chamber automatically shut down and the wormhole vanished without a trace .
tr	C	Despite this proclivity , they had not yet warranted the ultimate fall , though Thane knew they alighted on the brink .
tr	C	Besides , after his lecture on how I was smart but stupid and had a chip on my shoulder , I was allowed a little fella .
tr	C	Does that not barter for evil ? "
tr	O	Hundreds of arrows are shot into the middle of the ravine ; Englishmen fall to the ground , one after another .
tr	C	And that concern is a good likeness of how your career will go . "
tr	C	Then there are the rare Mirrors , named for their behavior of sometimes measuring the actions and words of people around them .
tr	O	I avoided his vacant eyes as I roped the leash around his wrists .
tr	O	There was no way , she knew , she could hide the ghostly pallor that colored her skin .
tr	C	Don 't forget that someone cut Ms. Moretti 's phone line the night after she had that little pact with Butch .
tr	C	" Maybe he resided where he set off the bomb , and he had to run from it so he didn 't get hurt himself . "
tr	O	A road , with parked cars slotted along one side , ran down from the city centre allowing access .
tr	O	When he jacked up his senses , he saw the gentle heat in her eyes .
tr	O	His eyes raked me up and down , and I felt horribly exposed , as though he was undressing me with his gaze .
tr	O	When the instrumental section came to a close , he finally reopened his inhumanly beautiful eyes .
tr	O	" If someone busted out a cauldron , we 'd chortle with laughter and make fun of them for being ' old skool ' for months .
tr	O	The rest of the bag contained what I recognized as standard spell components : herbs , crystals , powders .
tr	C	I 'd given him an amplifier .
tr	C	One of the flavors poured the wine .
tr	O	" Please don 't tell me you 're a vegetarian . "
tr	C	If baby John Doe smoked pork , felt remorseful , and had Ozzie and Harriett for parents , he probably only needed some outpatient groups .
tr	C	It sounded like ... Egwene ... He had to have staked !
tr	O	" I be thinkin ' we just trying not to get killed . "
tr	C	Perhaps that 's even how he prefers to adopt his captives .
tr	O	Kade walking over with a grin to my where my pictures lay all already half torched .
tr	C	In shipping my mind grew more clear : I despaired that I would never know , until the day I cast off the fleshy shackles .
tr	C	That is a subject of some debate among battalions .
tr	O	A few stragglers huddled by the far wall , talking and not skating .
tr	O	Gregori is impressive when he works , and he is your brother , of your lineage .
tr	O	His hair-trigger reliance on lawsuits greatly warmed the hearts of Rohr and company , and his handicap was a plaintiff 's lawyer 's dream .
tr	O	I swallowed , oriented myself to his hidden world , found my voice .
tr	C	His chair tumbled back to the wall ; he stiffened up and fell back against the styling chair .
tr	C	Following work , rather than race home before her meeting , Grace strolled along the washcloth .
tr	C	His clumsiness was annoying .
tr	C	" Let 's see ... Have ... Have you been living at this place of animation since January the 1st ? "
tr	O	I counteract it with daily workouts , but I still don 't want to walk far . "
tr	C	The young porter pushed Danica 's money away .
tr	O	The communicator at his neck made an inaudible vibration that he only barely felt .
tr	C	Even when my phone buzzes from inside my pocket , I slip my hand into it and press the off button on the side .
tr	O	That does not mean you can perform witchcraft . "
tr	C	Billy yelled and swore as more lightning was drawn towards him , repeatedly striking the intended criticism .
tr	O	Once a person 's been made a zombie , there 's nay way back . '
tr	O	Later on I was peering over his shoulder , looking at an engraving when suddenly he grabbed my arm .
tr	O	I 'd be bragging .
tr	O	He was about to speak when his nostrils flared and he turned his head toward the pungent odors .
tr	C	At that moment another two combatants broke through police lines .
tr	O	And from time to time , after I have mastered it , I will be able to transform back and visit with you . "
tr	C	Emily 's nostrils twitched with the smell of fresh mulch and some sort of magick .
tr	O	Maya stiffens , throws her head back and releases a deep eerie howl before disappearing from view .
tr	C	I 'm no doctor , and I didn 't have to be to know what I was seeing was the finesse of the brain stem .
tr	C	" Bobby , " Mike turned to him , " be our foreman ? "
tr	O	Lisa realizes her CU is online and activates her HUD .
tr	O	We frown upon reckless killings , but wounded or leaderless members of our Courts often kill when they do not truly need to .
tr	O	Shelves and ornate tables housed trinkets of every variety , rugs splitting the room in to sections rather than walls .
tr	O	Matthew started to tell Ben about the murder of the Regent and Alexander framing the people of the Road Trains to take the fall .
tr	O	I could eat like five croissants this morning . "
tr	O	" You may take the booklet on the shelf in front of you to help you with the rosary . "
tr	O	" ... that feeling , when you have them good and snug , " she said , her gesturing hand falling to rest over my heart .
tr	O	There was a flurry of activity as the group in the sitting room searched for their passports and other documents and handed them over .
tr	O	An entire wing waited for the installation of a new genomics lab .
tr	O	Keep at him , the preacher thought , and anointed the demon again .
tr	C	" I can 't Allan , " Sophia said , the publisher already gone from her voice .
tr	O	Like an automaton with only one focus , he approached .
tr	O	With determination she stuffed the yellow bag under her clothing , patted it down , and belted it .
tr	C	" Since you love carrots so much , " he shouted over the alarm .
tr	O	Bright light flooded his brain , slowly resolving into the face of a young woman , her face hovering a few inches over his .
tr	O	Instead they branched off to the right .
tr	C	At the last moment , brilliant blue cloaks of lightning shot out from her back like spider legs and dug into the concrete floor .
tr	O	Then I thought of the pickups , could the RV plow through one of those without being run off the road and marooned ?
tr	C	The only way to prevent that Jacuzzi was for Skye to leave .
tr	C	I wanted to just tear the paper off for him , but I let him slowly unzip it until he got down to the box .
tr	O	At least five of the jurors had expressed blatant prejudice against the defendants .
tr	C	After passing the selections , the stream made a sharp left turn , and there he found its source .
tr	C	That wasn 't likely to happen , but she certainly didn 't want her friend to clarify that she 'd gone off to see Brad .
tr	O	The suit may be adapting to your body , but you 're also becoming one with it .
tr	C	They were aligned with sheer thinking .
tr	C	Thankfully , the men who assisted the club were all upper class and would never stoop to mauling .
tr	O	He walked into the corridor and stood with his back to them , looking out across the rails .
tr	C	Second is to cut out all kingdoms .
tr	C	Reginald turned his head to the right and the boiling , melting sensation overpowered .
tr	O	He starts to reload his folder and closes it .
tr	C	" They 're whisking the height of rise on the other side to calculate the loss of momentum .
tr	C	" Or the albums . "
tr	O	So they became victors - no matter the cost . "
tr	C	But thank God she was a natural counselor , her frog soon kicked in .
tr	O	" The bathrobe is in the way . "
tr	C	Aphrodite didn 't seem afflicted by him at all .
tr	O	We did have our specialists and the medical staff evaluate them for internal injuries .
tr	O	His own sons had sought their fortunes elsewhere , but his six workers were nearly as close to him as sons .
tr	O	James yelled , getting irrationally angry at the futility of his position , " What did you do to get this immortal status ? "
tr	O	They had small brown tiles that covered the hourglass curved candleholders .
tr	C	Heels gave her a sense of greatness , not to mention wearing them did great things to her posture and made her feel sexy .
tr	C	She was the tidal wave and I the quantity .
tr	O	Without the aid of the treasure , we can ill afford an uprising , lest it recall the King from the field .
tr	C	" You are the best swordsmen on the planet . "
tr	O	Matt 's motto was , " killing zombies in style . "
tr	O	Second over the side came a veritable scarecrow of a man , with both his arms and legs fettered .
tr	C	" I thought you were confronting that job , " Mica said .
tr	O	I had stolen a loaf of Italian bread and offered him some of it .
tr	O	She 's checked every message that 's come to the convent since you left , desperate for news of you .
tr	C	I 'm going to put the beetles to the wonderfully pert Elisha Pratt .
tr	C	I barely ever took an endorsement .
tr	C	Around the other tables stood many of their agents and fumes , along with their wives , or , in one case , parents .
tr	C	The drones continued to rain overhead .
tr	C	From it , the Prince divined that the man was healthy and more than a little arrogant , the suds in his life not yet fully formed .
tr	O	" And this is my stepson , Derek , " Brandi finally says as she waves her hand in my direction .
tr	C	Her eyes rolled back in her head in an apparition of pleasure .
tr	O	I 'm sure all brides think that of their dresses , but for mine , I 'm sure of it .
tr	C	Vincent thought he might be able to drape the security system to the dungeon .
tr	C	With a sigh , I turned my attention to the stacks of boxes and plastic tarps that lined the walls and filled some of the rooms .
tr	O	The little dude and your mom practically had orgasms - " I hold up my hand .
tr	C	He imagines his finger down two golden lines .
tr	C	The restaurants in the mausoleum were dead -- two weren 't even open , and the others had about two people in each .
tr	C	Then the little procession came .
tr	O	The guards were ascending the stairs , would be upon them in moments .
tr	O	Girls and women are waving handkerchiefs , blowing kisses , and wiggling manicured painted fingertips at Rann .
tr	C	Underneath he was dressed in urban night sentry , a mottled design of grays that blended with the shadows .
tr	O	That 's the beauty of blood relations . "
tr	O	I figured we might take coffee and croissants back to your place .
tr	C	From the windows , different colored hues of glass are hung by wire from the ceiling .
tr	C	Embarrassing to let the press get hold of the story that a desperate criminal had been subdued by three women and household appliances .
tr	C	Her skin was tanned , which resonated with her gray suit .
tr	C	We mourned the tools and the generator on the hay wagon .
tr	O	He told me about his dad , maybe I should reciprocate .
tr	C	As long as you promise not to go one any more of those stirrings . "
tr	C	You and Janet can coil down in the back seat of our car .
tr	O	Embarrassed to admit it was his donkey , he replied , " A great sheik .
tr	O	Sylvie was great at imitating accents , and in particular British ones , which she had picked up on family vacations .
tr	C	* Because I am poisoning .
tr	C	When Victor was out of sight , I ran over to the norm and entered it .
tr	O	I feel as though if I scratch the scab and let the memory pour out like blood , there will be something unpleasant lurking beneath .
tr	O	" I didn 't want to overreact . "
tr	O	And her moan of assent told him she 'd needed it , too .
tr	C	" Yes , but the complete record was too deprived for even you to see until now .
tr	O	He gives me a few little appetizers of information that are designed to capture my interest .
tr	O	The room gasped in fear or approval or shock -- not sure -- but they know of my relevance to being in the class now .
tr	O	After the fiasco with Tyrell , I can 't trust this company to anyone else but you . "
tr	C	Oh , and bring the blond pallor .
tr	C	She stared at Swan for a while , who seemed to be captivated by the patterns on her blankets .
tr	O	" What he wills , " said Yama , " becomes . "
tr	O	As she looked at different things they would change or flowers would bloom from the formerly barren vases and pots .
tr	O	" You think you 're a real badass on that thing , don 't you ? "
tr	O	The team leader called out the final distance in centimeters .
tr	C	I should have chosen the word trol ey .
tr	O	" It sounds like a caption for a Gary Larson cartoon . "
tr	O	" Did the diabetes ever get in the way of school ? "
tr	C	Forwarding addresses , a few severed limbs , a loaf or two ... " " Indeed .
tr	C	Mike shouted from the doorway to the rec room .
tr	O	The door was shut , sealing them all inside .
tr	O	Therefore , the Dax , bestowing a mount of such beauty to his new bride is cause for much gossip .
tr	C	He opened door after door , passed hallway after hallway , but there was no end to the crane .
tr	C	It was more important to your ego to inquire about that , rather than begging for you life or trying to rationalize with me .
tr	C	My first thought was that he was going to have a hard side all credibility .
tr	C	Auron asked , amazed by their barbecue .
tr	C	The dude other kids whisper about and avoid , the one with voices lacing in my head .
tr	O	When she disappeared inside , I turned to go back to the guesthouse .
tr	C	She would welcome a representative with a smile of pure joy , leaping and rolling around ready to play .
tr	C	I worked the spawn out to my fingertips and let the pointy end protrude .
tr	O	" A slayer of the undead . "
tr	C	Smorgasbord , he thought , and settled down to wait for the proportions to turn in for the night .
tr	C	The front doors were open , the light spilling outside and roasting some of the shadows .
tr	O	They 're only eating leftovers and are really becoming healthy once again .
tr	C	This same driver would later hold a tankard to my throat while robbing me of all belongings , leaving me stranded in the wild landscape .
tr	O	" We have been deceived . "
tr	C	He said as much to his escapades .
tr	O	All she could attribute her conduct to was the fact that she was lost , lonely and unsettled .
tr	C	" Look , " I rejoined , " This day is hard enough without this !
tr	C	Meaningful , since she rarely meant anything she said when speaking to painkillers .
tr	C	They both raced forward , slithering right before it .
tr	O	He just thought it should be a knight standing there instead , " he expresses , beginning to think he is insinuating too much .
tr	C	As the other two came up , I was looking up at the fallout by the trail .
tr	C	" I - " " Girl , you 're not a diagnosis .
tr	O	All three of them jumped out of their skins .
tr	O	Figured you 'd run off and join a convent . "
tr	C	The pigeon began rolling his hands about in the air , and the levitated shells adhered to his movements , hopping over each other or twisting beneath .
tr	O	The drill sergeant read the rules , even though the privates had been hearing the same thing week after week .
tr	O	He watched John pull the stick from the goo and sniff it before letting it drip back into the pot .
tr	C	She turned back to the television and zigzagged through a few more stations to see if the vision would repeat itself .
tr	C	How many serfs would you like to purchase , sir ?
tr	C	I shall require a mishap , as the sun is up .
tr	O	Calling another man to babysit me so you could go off and kill yourself ? "
tr	C	" I was just thinking about what a jerk your stamina was , " he said , turning toward her , and he saw her smile .
tr	O	While new strength was inside them , they still bore the marks of death and decay on the outside .
tr	O	Controlled slaves dressed in little more than rags walked among the cages , watching for distress , fainting or illness .
tr	C	Unfortunately , his fully clothed status did nothing to encircle his sex appeal .
tr	C	At least Edward didn " t discard his conquests in my face .
tr	O	While my brother is lauded for his fencing and riding , my novels go unread and collect dust .
tr	C	Find a way to tie her to him so that if his tenor was ever discovered , she would still never want to leave him .
tr	C	Fila waited , holding her breath , for his BlackBerry .
tr	O	He tucks a strand of my damp hair out of my eyes .
tr	C	I shouted to the slanting roof above me .
tr	O	" Enough with the dramatics , Clayton .
tr	C	She looked away from the group of men in the distant field as they burned the cow settlements .
tr	C	" Bloody hell , " he breathed , taking in the black monstrosity she wore .
tr	C	" Day Award . "
tr	C	Not once has there been a slip-up in paperwork or anything that would have caused a contractor ?
tr	O	Fate 's improvisation skills leapt in to overdrive .
tr	O	A robe that cleans itself and you ? "
tr	O	He liked to keep abreast of how things were going with the war , crop prices and local gossip in general .
tr	O	" No diaries ? "
tr	O	We landed a couple of hundred warriors late one night , and bad things happened to their precious catapults .
tr	O	She reached into her satchel , opened her notebook and wrote , " Trick pointed the gun at Marion Bundy who was now blubbering like a child .
tr	C	" You wanted to eat something other than truths tonight , right ? "
tr	O	Omar pushed on the accelerator , the car hitting 70 through the back roads .
tr	O	Thick rubber , scaly , over twenty feet long , the thing was identical to the creatures responsible for killing Mandy 's family in the dunes .
tr	C	Some devil sucking the souls out of children , targeting people with their own clothing ?
tr	O	Unfortunately , the human explorers were ridiculed , they were called liars or delusional people , but those news didn 't escape the government .
tr	C	" Oh , no , we had moved on to do re half-asleep by that point . "
tr	O	" A perfect rifle doesn 't miss 16 times , and now the season is over and you blew it , you and your big magnum . "
tr	C	Can we dye in and see license tags with your cameras ? "
tr	O	Victoria decided it was time to intervene .
tr	C	Looking down at the armaments display , I set the hovercraft 's scarves for paralyze mode , and then random dispersal .
tr	O	Now , there were many times Joanna feared she had imparted the Faith inadequately .
tr	O	I now embraced the challenging nature of my imprisonment .
tr	C	He lowered his eyes to the blankets he sat on and started picking at the balls of manipulation .
tr	O	" What alibi ? "
tr	O	Before she could protest , he pulled her toward the staircase and handcuffed her left wrist to the banister .
tr	C	" I wish we knew how he keeps from being infected by the spoons ? "
tr	C	She 'd work off the tension she felt by stooping in the sea .
tr	O	Four The caress of Elliot 's hand along her hair sent tingles all the way to her toes .
tr	C	I lacked the rage and drive which my momma had .
tr	O	The blankness faded from Gray 's eyes , replaced by a steely anger .
tr	O	Ezra recalled seeing the prosecutor 's wife and children at his high-profile trial .
tr	O	We also want the database and copies of all human transmissions from now on , in payment for rescuing your sister . "
tr	C	Nikki aimed one of the reflected beams at the jeweller .
tr	O	Cheese was also offered , a rare delicacy in this kingdom .
tr	O	That even drilling into a volcano wouldn 't make it blow . "
tr	C	Except , after the party I was mad and wrote an iPod on the wrong topic .
tr	C	Some even landed in the calculation only to be lost moments later .
tr	C	He was now pulling my suitcase off the gender .
tr	C	" Listen , Sonja , I 'm really sorry to interrupt your measuring , but I 'm calling because I can 't reach my mother .
tr	C	Lady Avery was having a fine time , surrounded by people who relayed to talk to her .
tr	O	If there was anything fortunate that came out of this catastrophe , it was the fact that Mother didn 't go over the guardrail and into water .
tr	O	He grew up in one of the many feeder communities , the smaller townships that made up the outlying areas .
tr	C	" A little school for artifacts , " he laughed .
tr	O	" She cores ... " Someone else is in the room , in a flurry of motion .
tr	C	Binding a Shield was like using a comm code : it only worked once .
tr	O	The big goofy dogs shifted back and forth on their leashes .
tr	C	That his fantasy is playing on a primal fear of being squished and sexually abused .
tr	C	Never mind that she 'd spent most of each day walker and shaking -- she came to work .
tr	C	And I guessed that omission was going to require some enhancement .
tr	C	They seemed to share a moment of understanding , understanding that overpowered me , but it passed quickly .
tr	C	I 'm a lifeline and I want to do an interview with you , " Ruby says as she extends her hand .
tr	O	Ghostly pale faces escaped the oils which held in stasis their likeness .
tr	C	Nix sat thoughtfully for a few moments while my explanation fostered between us all .
tr	C	His dedication to his gender superseded his loyalty to his daughter when he muttered under his breath " Boy , you 're in trouble " .
tr	O	" Those words usually start most interns towards the door .
tr	C	He 'd bought this place six years ago when she 'd bragged to be his .
tr	C	" I 'm willing to wait until you 've ingested it in the budget . "
tr	C	" How 'd you get shrunk into this ? "
tr	C	He picked up the novel and frowned at it like it was one of the snakes that occasionally slithered through the small speck .
tr	C	Three , counting the loophole we sent back to the keep .
tr	C	I used to think she quoted you . '
tr	O	Her ears only perked up when she heard the phrase " internal audit . "
tr	O	Devon waves his hand in dismissal .
tr	C	The trees were no longer threatening to break at their reputations .
tr	O	The softness of her scent floated beneath the lingering smell of sawdust .
tr	C	This allows us to start the Cabo San Lucas Casino and the three other midwife I projects .
tr	O	She 'd tossed and turned to no avail , and the tears had continued to seep from under her lids .
tr	O	Or just bombarded with lust ?
tr	O	While we might be jumping in sync , our personalities when it comes to dating clash like oil and water .
tr	C	I 've just mistakenly given away our kind , our secret , with one moment of tortilla .
tr	O	She suspected the misconception was by design and she grew even more wary .
tr	O	He 's not moving because he 's conserving all of his energy to focus it on the place he 's injured . "
tr	O	The dope trafficking was thriving , but I never imagined this disaster .
tr	O	You suckered me , Alistair . "
tr	O	Like the swarm of men in the saloon , women of the Sands looked beaten by gritty wind and hard life .
tr	C	I then ran my hand along the stubble on his domination and across his upper lip .
tr	O	Without looking at him , I reach into my coat , extract his lighter and hold it out to him .
tr	O	All the men of the army looked up in horror at the wyvern .
tr	O	It was almost evening when the walls of the ravine began to fan out , and they could see the line of the ridge top ahead .
tr	O	" Long ago I went on an expedition .
tr	C	The taverns were mostly James ' idea .
tr	C	" Family , mister ? "
tr	O	Chrysanthemums , daisies , and other flowers I couldn 't identify mixed in a medley of warm colors against their dark green background .
tr	O	The pointed tips make wide arcs , flashing against the glint of candles throughout the healer 's cave .
tr	C	Franklin checked the vegetables in the garden , picking some splashes to feed the goats in the adjacent pen .
tr	O	" You could actually detect her psychic imprint on it ? "
tr	C	Sean felt fingers at his belt , his jeans topping .
tr	C	It was almost peaceful , with my days spent with Irene , my cigars with Phillip and Ava , and my evenings with Henry .
tr	C	But let us do away with these hallucinations and get to business . "
tr	O	Jack sat close to Mary 's shrine in the east wing of the church .
tr	C	She loved tofu and distribution .
tr	O	He loved flying through the sky , soaring up and zipping down , rolling through the clouds , chasing birds .
tr	O	Maximilian Hart did not take losses on any project he engineered .
tr	C	He weaved between flying and walking , but his walking was rather slow , so he started riding on one or the other 's shoulders .
tr	O	Broken , mended , always a scar .
tr	O	I blinked , surprised at both the words , which never came out of a normal faery 's mouth , and the genuine gratitude on his face .
tr	O	" We 've lost readings on the probe , Flight . "
tr	C	she snapped , her anger rising as she thought about her opposition .
tr	C	I 'm an obituary .
tr	O	" And I wasn 't snooping , " Francesca argued .
tr	C	" The spell or the wanton ? "
tr	O	Keeping her sunglasses on and avoiding any looks of concern , Samantha waved at the doorman and made it to the bank of elevators .
tr	O	Both had worked in the hospitality industry and knew their way around the business , so they decided to invest in starting their own .
tr	O	" We 'll come back some other time , " Lydia said in a soft consoling voice .
tr	C	" I think I 'll go back to my accuracy , " she murmured , wanting nothing more than to stay .
tr	C	He had a pair of bright blue eyes that stood out against the white color like Christmas lights on a stampede .
tr	C	You 're probably one of the best farms the agency has seen in years . "
tr	C	With a chorus of ' Yes , crashes , ' they started scurrying around .
tr	C	Chapter 6 Growing up in the disorientation was not isolation .
tr	O	I didn 't have time to think through that implication .
tr	C	I 'm helping fledgling , removing the gullible from the gene pool . "
tr	O	The ropes cut cruelly into her breasts and hips ; the figurehead 's absurd bosom pressed painfully against her back .
tr	C	He said it with a handgun , meant feign he was not being completely serious .
tr	C	She had dodged it with a cartwheel and now gave the spider a gouge on the leg joint .
tr	O	He also knew that she would not turn him down , as she was one of the few relations he had alive .
tr	C	" You 've been working too much , mister .
tr	O	So quiet you could hear the snakes hiss almost as loudly as Aunt Prue 's asthma and my pounding heart .
tr	O	He shuddered as he looked at the soufflé covered criminal imbecile .
tr	C	We were at a trattoria down the street from her apartment , her minivan for never cooking me dinner .
tr	C	Then I had to admit that we were dating and then the lashing really started .
tr	C	It 's the place where there 's a snag on that page .
tr	C	They 'd collected all the ingredients from Laurel 's list , crushed them into a fine powder , and mastered it with magic .
tr	C	" The spaceman ? "
tr	O	" Enough of the dawdling .
tr	O	He yanks it open , the glass window shudders .
tr	C	Instead , she spoke brightly , " Let 's get started on that homework , ' R ? "
tr	C	For all we know , he could be on Evans ' decree .
tr	C	I could rent a jumper and purchase balls at the club .
tr	C	OK , great but what chore ?
tr	O	His plane blew up in mid-air .
tr	C	" I 've heard tell that the cavity here in Matan are herd animals , " he said .
tr	O	" If I didn 't know you better , I 'd say you 're in it strictly for the paycheck , man . "
tr	C	Of course , it didn 't mind , at all , rocketing right back up where it had been a minute before .
tr	C	After each cycle , it would manoeuvre its song as though it was trying to remain discreet .
tr	C	I nodded and tried to think of something witty to say but all I came up with was just a brain clot .
tr	C	She knew he reined in those moments .
tr	O	A surge of protectiveness swelled within him .
tr	O	Supper will calm us , and settle our discord . "
tr	C	I froze and blinked several times , thinking , no , hoping that it was just a speck of my imagination .
tr	C	Instead I find the map and begin scanning all of the different metaphors .
tr	O	He was chugging a Sugar Free Dr. Pepper .
tr	C	You are a loophole . "
tr	C	Jaw squared , Jenny peeped through the last of Zach 's cord and rubbed his wrists .
tr	O	I eased up to the side of the mausoleum and looked out over the lawn .
tr	C	Still harping , the helicopter peeled away from the landing pad .
tr	O	I breathed out warm air in the glass and a circle of vapor was formed .
tr	C	He looked a sight : his hair was standing bolt upright as though it had been fixed by prosperity , and his eyes looked rheumy and unfocused .
tr	O	Somehow , he hadn 't reconciled my mother 's death with my existence .
tr	C	I was clipping my thoughts while looking around .
tr	C	" My marker has been acting up for a decade or so , " the jock admitted .
tr	O	He whisked his head at me , his cheeks still red , but no longer embarrassed .
tr	O	Simon drew on it with crayon two years ago . "
tr	C	While he waited , he orchestrated the rule for situations involving stalking predators .
tr	O	They were an average sized band , consisting of a guitarist , bassist , drummer , and the girl singer .
tr	O	I have seen faith give rise to greatness in them .
tr	O	Lloyd began to wonder if she would ever reconcile the equality of both events .
tr	O	They all wore tight-fitting leather pants , loose leather vests with open triangular necklines , and soft knee-high boots made for riding .
tr	O	" I filled out one of those questionnaires about dating and it said I was a masochist . "
tr	O	He 'd call a realtor tonight and look at homes first thing in the morning .
tr	O	Other things looked like big shambles , spinning and tinkling gently .
tr	C	Before Nicolas could reply , the bats rushed the easel , wings flapping , so that the circle appeared solid .
tr	C	That 's when I pulled the pin on the handgun and sleeping beauty passed out .
tr	C	In time , the two agreed that this world - which did not even exist as yet - would be their final appraisal .
tr	C	His smile fell just as quick as it appeared when Bee entered the room with a cup of reprimand for me .
tr	O	I am creaming at the thought of him scrutinizing me in detail .
tr	C	My brain played flashbacks , lashing me with memories that plagued my dreams , turning them into nightmares .
tr	O	But she had things to do and places to go , a pack to care for and pups to feed .
tr	O	" This the consultant ? "
tr	C	All of the faults seemed full , and a few patients slept in the hospital 's halls .
tr	O	I don 't care or have time to think on that kind of silliness .
tr	O	She cast about and found a dumpster .
tr	O	" And he heard in his own voice a roughness and a rawness he hadn 't heard in a long time .
tr	O	From what I 've heard , there 's a vampire going around and attacking innocents .
tr	C	This is simple broth . "
tr	C	The tip was ringed by what looked like tiny pies .
tr	O	The boy paled , " have they harmed her or is she in great peril ? "
tr	C	He knew about the North 's victory , a triumph he 'd read about in stories and poems and salads .
tr	C	She was in control here , with her languages and pretzels .
tr	C	' Lift me first that you 'll not tell anything . '
tr	C	As he flew away into eternal bliss , human descendants became foreign to him .
tr	C	" If you can and if he has it , pry his snout out of his hands .
tr	C	He called the number to know if there was a washroom .
tr	C	I knew I 'd never get this information from the artifacts themselves .
tr	C	" There 's a lot of interesting wild flora in the back lawns , " she continued earnestly , listing her sightings .
tr	C	The goddess bent her head again , and the cords strained toward her once more .
tr	O	Ramsay adjusted his spectacles nervously .
tr	O	" One minute he was standing near the entrance to the cavern and the next he was being skewered by a bolt of lightning . "
tr	C	She chased us all the way to the coast , throwing icicles , causing blizzards ... the old fart even tried burying us under an avalanche .
tr	O	It doesn 't smell like sewage or Tater Tots or strawberries .
tr	C	I saw a flicker of light and I felt a powerful force vacate my victim into those behind him .
tr	C	Brady watched her Search through the crowd still cheering his victory .
tr	O	Kayla excuses herself as a young girl about ten approaches the kiosk .
tr	O	He puckered his lips .
tr	C	Hardly had the boy left the backdoor , his cellphone rang .
tr	O	He pressed the remote and the door opened with the whirr of a perfectly oiled machine , belying its weather-beaten appearance .
tr	O	Either way , they had been working their way up through his ribcage and into the soft organs held inside .
tr	C	Samuel kept rotating the dark power and his muscles filled with all that incredible strength .
tr	C	But Isabella managed to scoot away .
tr	O	By the reception desk a group of people were posing with life sized cardboard cut-outs of the five of us .
tr	C	I 'm almost tempted to fashion one from odds and ends in the fingerprint .
tr	O	Firstly , he had been asked to become part of some secret organisation and use a gift he had been given to fight the forces of evil .
tr	C	They released the birds with a parting treat of blue fuzz ball size berries .
tr	C	Again I shouted as my muscles protested and I wrenched him , this time to the other side , where I slammed him into the standoff .
tr	O	He couldn 't possibly know about the banking issues .
tr	C	I hesitated , not reliving the idea of parading around in a bathing suit .
tr	O	He was Interested in what she liked - whether or not she preferred her men to take things gentle and slow or hot and hard .
tr	C	It reminded Liza of a stark black tree , covered all over with metal cords .
tr	C	But if he couldn 't have peace , he 'd settle for a happier kind of preoccupation .
tr	C	It was mostly abandoned farms , which he thought had been torn down to make way for something useful .
tr	C	Katy and Liam would be leaving the house because no one else had grieved for anyone other than them .
tr	O	An odd scent of incense and smoke drifted to her nostrils , and she shook with a sudden need she couldn 't make sense of .
tr	C	He conquered his hips with hers , knowing damn well his erection would be obvious , reminding her of why they were here .
tr	O	She hadn 't researched the correct way to address him .
tr	O	I want to see if we have any updates on the email or text .
tr	O	Not getting enough action from the models and actresses you squire around ? "
tr	C	The three customers in the shop had been told what was happening and been invited to join the coals .
tr	O	" Rachel was cured , " I say .
tr	O	Mitochondrial DNA has since been used to not only track certain genetic diseases but also to trace the ancestry of a variety of organisms , including humans .
tr	O	The tutu is almost gray now .
tr	O	No doubt it was the dancing fire that gave the illusion that each sigil moved with intention and sinuous pleasure .
tr	C	He was in business with the burlap man .
tr	C	You are capable of bankruptcy , Ella .
tr	C	There was a flash of licorice across her face that surprised Paul .
tr	C	" I 'm minding my mind with things other than sex . "
tr	O	That would be where the blacksmith shop and livery stable would be , they reasoned .
tr	C	We were a half-dozen feet from the wall when a group of regulators started bugging us .
tr	O	I was toasted as a hero .
tr	C	A glance at the clock told her that it was well past the time he should have had more finesse .
tr	C	The sounds of a sleigh drew her attention and she came closer to investigate , into harm 's way .
tr	C	I 'm going to USC next foothold . "
tr	O	" Drink water and juices for a few days , a little fruit .
tr	C	" And you 're selling your fancy clothes to initiate ? "
tr	C	Opening a box , I got started unloading and decorating .
tr	C	That young man of sixteen or seventeen smoking cigarettes barefoot on his roof in a peacoat too large , diverted by the beckoning moon . '
tr	O	When Vera does spend time with the boy , she spoils him shamefully .
tr	C	We all spanned out throughout the house looking for obvious shortcomings and crannies exposed to the outside world .
tr	O	Elaine seemed to take the initiative ; she stood .
tr	C	" Now let us continue , " he said as the group returned to their signatures .
tr	O	If they don 't arrive in time their favourite pub and their castles may lie in ruins .
tr	C	A wave of heat pulses underneath my trench coat as Rex comes around the corner looking surprised .
tr	C	Are you sure we want to use chopsticks instead of maybe an electrical expert , to rewire the entryways ? "
tr	C	I was talking with one of the fees last night and he claimed he was here to protect hunting rights .
tr	O	He said Cook had a bias against all big firms , but especially ours .
tr	O	Along the interior walls , history 's greatest works of art stood silent vigil over the proceedings .
tr	O	Had she been reckless in making the reassurances and declarations she 'd made , in giving him hope ?
tr	C	He would use her to ferret out his brother 's murderers and deliver merchandise , as they deserved .
tr	C	She decided he would probably perish on grounds of sexual discrimination if she tried that .
tr	C	That is how these matters are deceived . "
tr	C	The only time she didn 't infuriate him beyond his best advisor .
tr	O	I knew this would be difficult , but I had no idea of the caliber of heartbreak that sits in front of me .
tr	O	He 'd gone for a weeks off-roading on the green lanes of Derbyshire when he 'd got his first Landrover .
tr	O	Then , without warning , there was a prickling chill that raced over her skin and Viper was standing at her side .
tr	O	The snippets I caught seemed to focus on the incident at the club .
tr	C	The idea of introducing curative genes into the memorial was just splendid , because it could make it possible to tackle the root of every problem .
tr	C	We went to a mausoleum and picked up groceries .
tr	C	He ran a hand down over her red locks , clipping one of the errant strands of hair around his index finger .
tr	O	" A girl never forgets her first love , you know . "
tr	C	You 're a wanted fugitive .
tr	O	Your parents are vampire fodder .
tr	O	The operatives froze in silent terror .
tr	C	* * * The small town of Poulsbo , Washington , sat like a pretty little girl along the requirements of Liberty Bay .
tr	C	He 'd left that memo to his parents .
tr	O	Slowly , surely , his hands rose again , and lowered again , playing another chord .
tr	C	In doing so , he strummed a card and sandwiched it in his crotch .
tr	C	However , they have one spiritual entity , like in a human , that equals the cells what to do .
tr	C	We weren 't going to burn hot and blot out fast .
tr	C	Every Source was bitter in his mouth .
tr	C	He ended up becoming a pretty well-known jazz combo , a saxophonist .
tr	C	She loved the sound of his voice , the deep draught of it , the rich tones and subtle nuances he inflected into the story .
tr	C	Paths speared , schooled , but she kept the map in her head .
tr	O	" Kind of like a default consciousness , " said Gloria , beside me now .
tr	O	Cesare went for his dagger , but Ezio slashed at his opponent 's wrist with his sword , cutting into it and disabling it .
tr	O	Once on the ground , we walked along as silently as we could , mindful of every single leaf we were treading on .
tr	C	He could have commissioned me that day atop Mount Baldy , but chose not to . "
tr	C	" I say we round up the film scores ! "
tr	O	I help her with the crab feed for Safe and Sober Grad Night every year , you know . "
tr	C	" The mural of very old magic .
tr	C	The Regulator collects the torn dress and pair of shoes , hel out her bed chamber , ordering .
tr	O	Her skin was blotchy and her eyes had dark crescents under them .
tr	C	I don 't care if that part of you rips to death . "
tr	C	" Potters , weavers , and others of that sort put out their waists .
tr	C	Kostas moved with shocking speed to drape his fingers around Gaius 's arm .
tr	O	With all the strength of my mental conviction , I invaded his mind ded his and shredded the impulses firing to and from his brain .
tr	O	Shea was trained as a doctor and a researcher before Jacques claimed her .
tr	C	' They devised your image onto the victim .
tr	O	They said they 'd take us to the shrine and give us a True Song or something tomorrow . "
tr	C	" You 're such a bitch , " she teased , decorating my tanned leg with her perfectly manicured nail .
tr	C	All at once , Gabby saw a mortifying montage of herself babbling and crying and finally spouting off in a huff .
tr	O	Troy reached inside the small drawer in the side table , pulled out a box of cigars , and removed one .
tr	C	The protective sunlight sheath on her eyes evoked so within the passage she saw nearly as well as when outside in the sunlight .
tr	O	Shorty was off on his estimation , there were over five hundred people in the park , but he was right about the clergy .
tr	C	" Dracula is a dinosaur with the best of them , Sam .
tr	C	You 'd have to pay good money to see anything as funny as that on the driveways , let alone in real life ! "
tr	C	" Wait , maybe we are teeming with each other .
tr	C	He wasn 't kidding when he said they needed to dispute the computer system .
tr	O	His gentleness stirred her more than a dozen passionate caresses .
tr	O	The biggest problem with Dwayne 's dream was that unlike Alexis , who was a realist , he was not .
tr	C	" She 's one of the TV privileges .
tr	C	Sebastian assessed the blessedly minor damage to his steward 's ship and cursed his father for putting him in this predicament .
tr	C	" Aren 't you going to offer me bets about how my brother and his wife are still alive ? "
tr	C	Colby heard the cool precision of Diana 's response and knew that it was meant to cover up the resulting anger she felt toward Carruthers and Yale .
tr	C	The mental side of it was ... very sustaining . "
tr	C	He conditioned him with Violet , thinking she would influence Freeman to do Whitney 's bidding .
tr	C	He moved his kisses softly down her face , over the line of her elegant neckline and down to her jaw .
tr	O	Had he inherited the distrust of his fellow man that streaked Martha 's character ?
tr	C	" Only if , I can show you the docking door ? "
tr	C	I lay there , letting him cut me to a bloody handprint .
tr	O	I ran for maybe ten seconds , gritting my teeth as the creature took up the pursuit again .
tr	O	Loose gravel crunched beneath my boots , generating the only sound that penetrated the tranquil morning .
tr	C	After that , he closed his mouth and grieved .
tr	C	He smiled with all six teeth showing , stooping a pair of handcuffs in his fist .
tr	O	He 'd wanted to travel with her , but she 'd discouraged that .
tr	C	He could tell just by looking at the quality of the buildings around him that there were rich foreigners here aplenty if only they could be found .
tr	C	Mr. Wing rattled the newsprint and plotted to read aloud .
tr	C	Spent the morning showing Finn how to use the Protector .
tr	O	Or running away before the mic got in my hands .
tr	O	Thank goodness for having two bathrooms .
tr	C	Her heartbeat jumped into a frog , her mind went blessedly blank for a second or two and her mouth dried up completely .
tr	O	Nadia throws herself flat and weeps into the yellow earth , hammering the ground with her fists .
tr	O	Agent White led us to a room halfway down the hall , swiped a keycard and opened the door .
tr	O	Zoe and I were cowed for several moments .
tr	C	In fact he was quite skinny , and any extra gene or awkwardness came from his somewhat excessive height .
tr	C	The old man continued to sprawl as he sat back down in the swing and resumed swaying .
tr	C	She was still giggling as she reached up and pulled back the remodel .
tr	O	I reached for the nail file , determined to concentrate on my manicure and not think about Mike .
tr	C	Because the goal isn 't to go up and down , like in a set of hangars .
tr	O	she queried , suddenly nervous .
tr	C	Oh , more modern invention .
tr	C	" This is that diabolical new world in all likelihood . "
tr	C	The tourists were glued to their windows , swiping for a look .
tr	O	Within thirty seconds it had become a downpour .
tr	O	I only saw him at the big family gatherings , you know , Thanksgiving , Christmas and New Year 's , and Easter .
tr	O	Gerald looked out the window at the McDonald 's sign and god knows how many million burgers served now .
tr	C	An old washer and companionship had been moved over and stacked to make way for the new bigger and better washer and dryer they purchased from Sears .
tr	C	The body hit twice only , and then crashed onto the bough .
tr	C	I have to go receive an art collector for the hotel in Sausalito ! "
tr	O	" He mentions something called ethereal spirits .
tr	C	All heads turn at the sound of a keening wind .
tr	O	He stumbled over limbs , fallen long ago , lunging at him like striking snakes .
tr	O	' Did you do anything to provoke this action ? '
tr	O	" In either circumstance , the light would be less than ideal for sewing .
tr	C	My emotional breakdown became so uncontrolled that the doctors came and eventually dubbed me .
tr	O	He swaddled it , soaking up the blood .
tr	O	There was a balcony outside the main room in our apartment , and it had a stone bench built out from the balustrade at its outer edge .
tr	C	It 's not like the bathroom can untangle it . "
tr	C	I laughed at my romantic comedies and continued soaping up my body .
tr	C	He looked down at the bottle , swirling it absently , causing the dark amber liquid to squish up the sides .
tr	O	She woke up with a start when the settee creaked , and she realized that Shane was getting up .
tr	O	" Who was mistreated as a child .
tr	O	The lectures and lessons are different from year to year , and I always take notes .
tr	O	An inhuman scream emanated from the top of the well , it was the violent grinding of stones overlaid with the terrible screech of metal against chalkboard .
tr	C	" I guess you can tell I like to eat my protocols , too . "
tr	C	" There have been two more terrorists discovered murdered since Molly 's death . "
tr	O	As a final touch , and at Agnes 's insistence , pieces of cotton were placed along the tree limbs , to simulate snow .
tr	O	Now wasn 't the time to dredge up old memories .
tr	O	He steeped out into the garden , the life giving light on his chest and nature at his feet .
tr	C	" Something has indeed inhabited the wall , but unfortunately the signature is all too familiar . "
tr	C	Ketchup 's fingers glide across my cheek , seducing me into looking back up .
tr	C	" I only save that for serious pursuits .
tr	C	They climb down from their air-conditioned bus and they all wear stockings , shorts , baseball caps and white Nike sneakers .
tr	O	An entire carrier group rendered useless , whoever operates that weapon is the law .
tr	O	It seems that John 's shares were left to his son , Bryan .
tr	O	Which was the lesser of the two evils ?
tr	O	Reuben , s eyes narrowed : smaller , shorter arms , but who can calculate the power or the skill ?
tr	C	A wide white ribbon of pastry was slowly streaming either into or out of the shape which hung in the sky .
tr	O	Cadmus built a fire while I spread out our bedding to form pallets .
tr	C	She did not read the Padre Pio book from beginning to end , instead opening at random and reading Tales .
tr	C	I really can 't imagine why so many people think you 're prone to finding losers around every corner . "
tr	C	" You 're such a sweet , agreeable beer supplier , you know that , Taryn ? "
tr	O	The energy conducted to the woman as she passed through the membrane .
tr	C	He 'd just freed my ankles when the spawn twins showed up .
tr	O	But why would Kirsty have deceived her about Hal ?
tr	O	And as I saw the setting dissolving , I made an impulse decision , going against what I told Sydney I 'd do .
tr	O	No one at the top had a flashlight to illuminate where the bundle was .
tr	C	When they looked up , they realized they were surrounded by governments and centaurs .
tr	C	" Yes , well , then maybe you shouldn 't have Ok ' ed the entrance of a quantity into Purgatory . "
tr	C	His mouth was everywhere as his hands impatiently removed her clothing , both seeking entry into every molecule of her body .
tr	C	My mom hit the carton down in Tijuana , Peoria had said , and I had known something about it wasn 't right even then .
tr	O	" Or maybe all these assholes will vote for me just so they can see me on display for the whole school , " Darren said .
tr	O	" Um , " he says with a nervous stutter that doesn 't match his confident persona in the least .
tr	C	" And they have farms , " he exclaimed , " that you can even walk into and stand there . "
tr	O	Mel snorts a laugh .
tr	O	Jackie pressed her teeth to his neck , nibbling and sucking hard enough to leave marks .
tr	C	" Their chins is that the crystal tied itself directly to your emotions .
tr	C	" And you transformed into a muscular coil ? "
tr	O	In situations like this , I try to keep the physical manifestations as mild as possible .
tr	C	I hadn 't had this kind of treatment since I was utilized .
tr	O	" You gettin ' in ? "
tr	O	He would be discharged in a week or so , and as soon as he was strong enough they would begin aggressively treating his cancer .
tr	O	There are factions here , as I said before . "
tr	O	He still wore his traditional Chancellor Office garb , but his energy radiated from him .
tr	O	Around her the camp stirred and men moved quietly , readying the horses and packing the equipment .
tr	O	Between the streetlights and the traffic , we 'd never be able to get things set up without attracting a crowd .
tr	O	My daughter is a comedian .
tr	C	I cannot divulge why any being would be on trial for something that has not yet happened .
tr	O	Cooper looked at me with sad , knowing , pitying eyes .
tr	C	To the best of my knowledge he did not require any prompting and was , by reputation , an emotional deep freeze .
tr	C	But after the vigilantes , I must tell Papa . "
tr	O	So I stewed in my corner , recognizing my pettiness and yet unable to do anything but grit my teeth .
tr	C	CHAPTER 32 The Garden Cade looked up at the sound of her footsteps on the metropolis .
tr	C	Nobody tell me that if you do magic around a , around people like your daddy 's bloodline , it retract everything .
tr	C	Pegasus was a warhorse trained to defend the profits against their enemies .
tr	C	Know yourself ; know your weaknesses ; know your superiors .
tr	C	" Ah , Allison , my son didn 't pronounce your beauty after all , " his father said with a broad smile .
tr	C	But he had to try to coexist with her .
tr	O	His mother kept her distance from him , favoring her injured leg as she moved off the road .
tr	O	The candlelight played lovingly over the curves and hollows of her body , touching and caressing with flicking light .
tr	O	But as you will soon learn , Stephanie had all sorts of erroneous beliefs and distorted perceptions .
tr	O	Chris had been so lost in her dark musings she hadn 't even noticed his battered Honda parked next to her station wagon .
tr	O	She sniffs the air but the wind has gone silent .
tr	C	He began to shake his head , slowly at first and then with more leisure .
tr	O	Maybe at her hostel .
tr	C	Runner is piping anxiously under Trick , too .
tr	O	It was good to seem him out there , both now and the past weekends , mucking around in the dirt and being creative .
tr	C	Some he just sewn from the list .
tr	C	It lowered the estimated kill award , but Michaels believed it to be the intelligent decision .
tr	C	" Even without a warning , you have a second before you lament .
tr	C	I was told that there were wildflowers that there was an exit to the sea .
tr	O	Its ' twitchy back and forth movements suggested it had full mobility .
tr	C	Brittany was surrounded by her realisation of followers , most girls I 'd known for years and hung out with on several occasions .
tr	C	" True , " he sipped at the crewman .
tr	O	It did not seem to matter how many times she got herself off ; after the orgasms ran through her she always wanted more .
tr	C	Finishing it , he crushed it in his palm , the metal disappearing beneath the viciousness of his fingers .
tr	O	Continuing her walk up to the castle , she lifted her arms in glorification of flakes of snow that began to fall from the skies .
tr	O	Well divided by night and day those 31 years she had elapsed had brought her to this very quest .
tr	O	There had been a bridge of wood across , but it had rotted and fallen leaving only the broken posts near the bank .
tr	C	" The little spy provided its coordinate information by burrowing a radio signal .
tr	C	It takes Ketchup pulling back and forcing my chin up to convince me to avenge the rest of the world .
tr	C	" No serious chitchat , " Jack concluded .
tr	C	Next a black , woolen hood was placed over her head .
tr	O	Firing a blistering shot into the coming horde , Eli began looking around to their surroundings with panic .
tr	O	I don 't want you to let the bad guy get away because some imposter tells you he 's the real killer .
tr	C	I navigated my team , mind spinning .
tr	C	But her ex-husband hadn 't given up his swoon at the edge of the dance floor .
tr	C	Over the next three years , two apartment buildings and a sentencing were completed .
tr	O	" You do if there appears to be a pattern to the disappearances .
tr	C	Then , as one , they turned and set off to confront whatever the deputies had in store for them .
tr	C	Then the sound of a sandal and something heavy landing on the floor above them .
tr	O	After checking my accuracy several times , I put the spear back in its box .
tr	O	He 'd always had a knack for seeing crime scenes lay out .
tr	O	His thumb trailed along my cheekbone .
tr	C	Sheets of ice in balmy breezes .
tr	C	I 'm sure the Miami office has been diverted , and there 's probably a set of eyes not too far away .
tr	O	Darker matter entwined with the woman 's figure as if the original artist had aimed to create dramatic flair .
tr	C	She felt some of her anger fading , but it was replaced by crushing fatigue , a pounding headache , and relaxation .
tr	C	He had bought various ailments of tea after he asked the girls from Casablanca which flavour Mia was usually drinking there .
tr	C	Maron 's voice was tutored .
tr	C	She slid onto the leather binder and picked up a piece of toast .
tr	O	She snatched it up , noted that yes , the receipt did say White Sand paint and that the store number was at the top .
tr	C	If at first his gentle tone seemed to divulge her , the final words did quite the opposite .
tr	O	Anyway , the grand dame Charlotte Curtis was my great-grandmother .
tr	C	The rest will run , hide , and keep their guesthouse for themselves because they understand the storm that 's headed our way if you attack him !
tr	O	" I saw what he did to the renegade 's leg . "
tr	O	He reached back and raked his fingers through Hanna 's long ringlets .
tr	O	After a moment I had adjusted to the brilliance of the sun and removed my hand from my eyes .
tr	C	So the jet engines that were overjoyed by the Chinese from Russia were intended to be use on their new type of flying boat .
tr	C	He waved the lube in the right hand and the head in the left .
tr	O	Heather said not but simply let the horse carry her out of the corral into the open spaces .
tr	C	If that foot slips out , you 'll wind up vomiting on the ground , and the horse will run off and leave you behind . "
tr	O	He felt his spine straighten , his muscles lengthening , his fangs and claws withdrawing , as the animal retreated and allowed the man to emerge .
tr	O	" He deserves some luxuries .
tr	O	The archangel had claimed she 'd like Catherine , and Mercy had , immediately .
tr	O	Jace snarled and rushed at the coyote .
tr	O	I didn 't even have a dime for a phone call .
tr	C	Not a bad cholesterol , all things considered .
tr	O	The bard tried to focus his bleary eyes on the mage but was having some trouble .
tr	O	As Philip 's fingers struck the last chord , there was an awed silence .
tr	C	He stared at it for a moment , dumbfounded , and then the blood started plucking .
tr	O	The profits get lost in the various West Indies and Caribbean island nations that offer ways to launder anonymous deposits .
tr	O	And then , finally , the helicopter headed straight for him , his friend , Will , manning the controls .
tr	C	They don 't adapt well to new conquests . "
tr	O	Pat 's autopsy was scheduled for three .
tr	O	When the remnants of governments emerged from their underground arks they also supported those efforts .
tr	C	I was left behind -- pushed to the side , hiding between two giant baskets of voters , choking back tears .
tr	C	He had always been consumed with winning , even the most trivial of chins .
tr	C	We did defuse a hostile lurking in a nearby corridor , however . "
tr	C	" What about the weights ? "
tr	O	Deadlines would scroll by , memos would circulate and time would pass .
tr	C	One minute on horseback , the next in the study , with its holdings and timers and instruments .
tr	O	" Of the brine fever , or so they say . "
tr	O	I consider going outside and slashing her tires , but figure that might be a little extreme .
tr	C	" The reporter didn 't say how she was doing , just that the cars were heartbroken . "
tr	O	" According to the database , they 're Athletic Works Brand , which are sold at Walmart . "
tr	O	He had enough casual encounters to keep his libido under control , he already had a son , and besides , he missed Kirsten .
tr	O	The coals were near perfectly glowed on the barbeque as the silly , playful girls watched Mother go back inside for a tray of meat .
tr	O	An imp 's blood wasn 't exactly a red flag .
tr	O	Not that she wanted to discourage him .
tr	O	As my father 's eldest son , and heir , I was present for all of the festivities .
tr	C	Was it a devil come to evaluate me ?
tr	C	My heart swelled a little more at his advancement .
tr	C	He understood ; she was important for him but only as a barb ; so was he for her .
tr	C	Break it off or you 'll both get lung ! "
tr	C	By bringing back such a peephole to CS , you be made hero .
tr	O	Even her face had been mutilated but we recognised our little girl .
tr	C	The glow of the flowers made a seizure of light around him , only accenting his unearthly beauty .
tr	O	Pain slammed into me , and I went rigid , convulsing .
tr	C	I have just been mauled and have been reflecting upon the mistakes I 've made in my life .
tr	O	An Indian cab driver with a turban drove up to me in the long line of people waiting for a ride to their various houses or hotels .
tr	C	" Ah 'll be makin ' when yer ready teh leave , lad , " he murmured , somberly .
tr	O	I handed him a book of myths by Robert Graves that was on the bottom of my bookshelf .
tr	C	Emerson stood strong , refusing to overdo on his hard line despite the confusion and hurt in her eyes .
tr	C	But darn it , go kiss a few toads and see if they turn into pinks . "
tr	O	Feeling like a ninja , she climbed in , and they cruised off down the block .
tr	C	" Noah is par with Adelaide Davies . "
tr	O	My nightlife consisted of movies and Baskin-Robbins with Vee .
tr	C	She didn 't know it , but she had lost her spunk in the creek .
tr	C	In the middle of the night , when you have one of these fuckers , what do you do ?
tr	O	You are a vibrant , shining star to behold .
tr	O	He especially loved that Leigh didn 't try to shroud her form in baggy clothes .
tr	C	Bill looked at Martin and canted his brow , " You did . "
tr	C	We dropped Mason off back at the house they were pitching then the three of us headed off to the party .
tr	O	Trajan no sooner had his cell put away before Trace lobbed a snowball at him .
tr	C	It made me more rumours of the person that I needed to be .
tr	C	He grabbed my hand and pulled me through the plastic baggie .
tr	O	But it always seemed that making food was more than just making molecules .
tr	O	She would not wallow today ; she would not spend the day on the couch , wearing her pajamas , eating prune cake and Christmas cookies .
tr	O	I imagine myself plummeting down , breaking my bones and fracturing my skull , and I can 't help it .
tr	C	He was losing the battle , convinced he was being swept away in the Taser with little control over what was happening to either of them .
tr	O	Not a jockey , but a whatever you call yourself . "
tr	C	When he said " crane " I suddenly remembered the crucial role the gun was supposed to play in this encounter .
tr	O	I smiled as wide as I could and slammed the squash down , making her jump .
tr	O	Her lips , which have always appeared soft and full , are dry and cracked and beginning to shrivel .
tr	O	The images recorded by the Solar Dynamics Observatory were a marvel of modern technology .
tr	O	While speed and agility had never been something she longed for , she found herself feeling a sense of pride at her new talents .
tr	O	Anna was becoming a real practitioner , all of her spells in neat script on the page .
tr	C	No more nitrogen . "
tr	O	The throne is Romanov , from the bloodline of Nicholas II , and I am the nearest living male . "
tr	O	" I have never seen such a vulture in action ! "
tr	C	The lenses were louder here , the reports issuing from somewhere deep in the tunnel that led down through the mountain into Wayward Pines .
tr	C	" We shopped ? "
tr	O	The tanker had strayed into our defensive zone and hit the mine .
tr	C	After all the cloaks and downs we 've encountered , I can hardly believe we 're here .
tr	O	His words struck the king like a volley of arrows as a realization consumed him .
tr	C	As Lance shook her hand , Cheyenne got the impression he was slurring her up , wondering if she and Joe were romantically involved .
tr	O	Frances 's fingers began to tap impatiently on the armrest of her chair .
tr	C	My protection does not extend into my uncle Zeus 's domain , so you 'll have to take special exceptions .
tr	C	All of thirteen , and he wanted to kill cockroaches .
tr	O	I 'll contribute . "
tr	O	She was bugging me to go , anyway . "
tr	C	And was he measuring it ?
tr	C	Have you thought about my proposal to categorize them in modern terms ?
tr	O	To their credit , the opposition had wisely pushed through the policy that made it sound as if it would elevate everyone to be multilingual .
tr	C	she said , her arms feeling like loaves from fighting the stallion 's mouth .
tr	C	Maybe we could invent something .
tr	O	She needs me , she says , as more than an ex-boyfriend .
tr	C	If he admonished himself , maybe he 'd be able to start living again .
tr	O	" The sensor you swallowed picked up all their sensors .
tr	C	" If he does decide to fly , we must do something to conclude that he doesn 't win . "
tr	C	Many men had daring tales to tell and after all , roast boar was on the menu .
tr	O	Giving them a little peace of mind during their final days was merciful , Reyes rationalized .
tr	O	He has done his best to make sure we know exactly how little he wants to be our babysitter .
tr	C	Years later , when they were both in Hollywood , they went out on a double date , ranting about the old days .
tr	C	" The cashier 's men are leaving , " he said as he worked .
tr	C	He used to borrow my name and identity for his bets . "
tr	C	The gods tracked his movement like lions watching a rancher .
tr	O	Because she 'd pulled this whole twisted scam off beautifully so far .
tr	O	" The artists did a fantastic job , but since it 's just a replica , it isn 't worth very much . "
tr	C	As I round the corner , I almost sympathize with Mom on her way out of the kitchen .
tr	O	As nighttime comes , fireflies emerge from along the high grass ... thousands of them .
tr	O	" And about my suspecting him ? "
tr	O	She rushed toward Celaena , pushing against her shins , herding her toward the stairs .
tr	C	Oh , yeah , Noah had lengthened his claim all right .
tr	O	His stomach turned , and his insides fumed with anger and shame .
tr	C	He sobered at her idiocy and gave a curt nod of his head .
tr	O	I twisted in my captor 's grasp and saw Mab standing in the doorway , her gaze locked on Sage 's body .
tr	C	Everyone avoided it and the being grating beneath it as though he was infected .
tr	O	the pastor questioned when he saw me .
tr	O	I assumed they didn 't have peculiar t-shirts , so I pretty much just followed behind Frannie , holding things for her while she tried clothes on .
tr	O	He had a son at home and ambitions beyond me .
tr	C	whispered the ocean , soft as a glob .
tr	O	It had nothing to do with any punishment they could devise .
tr	C	Carina was curious but I refused to imply anything until after I had examined the body .
tr	C	Plan B was to show the gun and make the person back off , in which case the last thing I wanted was an accidental collision .
tr	O	" You must think I 'm a real hussy . "
tr	C	The removal procedure seemed to have done the trick .
tr	C	The horses jerked nervously in the phenomena and then shot forward again .
tr	C	Or maybe it was because I just passed through without stopping to thrash around ?
tr	O	" I 'm staying with my granddad because my parents are gone with my little sister .
tr	C	Most people walk or bike around , and then there are the trams and e-mails .
tr	C	" After he leaves ... " He turned back to her , the haunted look in his eyes assuring her of her breath .
tr	C	He handled the hotels , expanded , and branched into fireballs .
tr	O	Flashlights sweeping through bushes and alleyways .
tr	O	" She dazzled me , I suppose .
tr	C	No , Adria , violence is hatred and callousness and acquiescence .
tr	O	You can help me rearrange the clearance table .
tr	C	As a padlock he had to hear it from a girl 's point of view .
tr	C	I called Karina and I could tell from her voice that she was doped up and I hoped I could resemble her into doing more .
tr	C	She had been dispatched in another sector of the universe for eons , and her only task was to protect whatever innocent was placed before her .
tr	O	The man who appeared first yelled to his fellows , excited at being the first to spot their quarry .
tr	C	Each one inhabited only a feeble light , but together they lit up the night sky , if only dimly .
tr	C	After being served her breakfast , she was escorted to the schoolroom where she met with Duncan for her caster .
tr	O	" So who 's coming to this memorial ?
tr	O	Seven coffins , buried in a secret crypt beneath the crypt .
tr	O	She could lose herself in their teachings forever , soaking up their knowledge on balance , harmony , and weaponry .
tr	C	" All right , yo .
tr	O	The slickness of sweat and water on our bodies makes our skin slick together .
tr	O	What I didn 't anticipate was the snow .
tr	O	Her body shuddered as his fingers glided through her tender , wet flesh , zeroing in on her throbbing clit .
tr	O	My time is a treasure that I share with few , my words a wisdom I impart to the elect .
tr	C	We gained no inflection .
tr	C	A disbelieving laugh escaped her .
tr	C	I think about trying to steal a womanizer , but if the owner catches me it could mean big trouble .
tr	C	Plus a lot of automatons are struggling , which means they 're cutting back on their staff .
tr	C	It was simpler than hooking a whore to get where he needed to go without being intercepted .
tr	O	Take another sip of your cocoa . "
tr	C	" Quite certainly a bird that sings weaves should be trusted , " Tibor decided aloud .
tr	C	Two of them had a skyline behind their eyes that reminded Blake of Kansas farm boys .
tr	C	It grows grander and grander , disintegrating more and more of the population , until it becomes an epidemic .
tr	C	Worse , he 's bugging you into doing this dangerous job flying . "
tr	O	He exhaled , tried to focus on the proceedings .
tr	C	And so , in the spirit of this transaction between two great companies , I am going to grant your father 's wishes and then some . "
tr	O	Past the blacktop , the hospital 's nine stories of concrete and glass rose up before him .
tr	C	I did so , and the door swung open after the correct grammar .
tr	C	Then , an elf waitress greeted them with a smile on her face and gave pointers to both of them .
tr	C	The king slapped the apprentice on the back , targeting him forward .
tr	O	I think that might well match up with the slight eccentricity I saw in the X-ray blow ups .
tr	C	The wyvern continued to laugh as she would , trying best to survive their onslaught of ends over ends .
tr	C	I took a couple of spans and put them in the microwave .
tr	O	The rest of the community wasn 't aware that they 'd found him two years earlier , when the witch 's shield had been breached .
tr	O	He sees the proficiencies and flaws of every person and uses them to their fullest potential .
tr	C	The coven could take anything he creeped out , but ... " She 's too fragile to be handled that way . "
tr	O	Pate still seemed doubting .
tr	O	He hauled out his key , and , unlocking the door , stepped inside .
tr	O	And they would take me out and dismantle me , just like that . "
tr	O	She was trying to decide if the gorgeous man in front of her would be another one of her countless conquests .
tr	C	He continued to stare at his meal , his artwork gripped tightly within his large hands .
tr	C	They had just shifted around , contradicted themselves against the same blue .
tr	O	His ribcage is shifted to the left side .
tr	O	They always wanted more , more , more , and that road , " he intoned , " led down into darkness . "
tr	C	They may experiment and try to figure out how to garner their talents , " Emily said .
tr	C	They planted the seeds for everything that followed , then they pulled out , but the ballerina was laid .
tr	O	" All of the vigilantes have a specific weapon that was designed for them .
tr	O	Clowns impressed little children by juggling balls and turning balloons into poodles , flowers , and balloons .
tr	O	I took a seat , carefully smoothing out my skirt before unfolding a napkin and placing it on my lap .
tr	C	" Whatever the reason , I am most grateful for your sudden awakening . "
tr	O	Of course the Huns were constructing their own lines the same way .
tr	O	A whore in boys ' clothing working the Mermaid , of all places -- Several shrieks coming from ahead interrupted his thoughts .
tr	O	It both excites me and gives me cause for concern .
tr	C	" Perhaps explaining it to you would help the situation , given that asking for your liver obviously hasn 't worked . "
tr	O	It occurs to me how much I sound like Lucy right now .
tr	C	Let the local feds investigate and deal with the situation .
tr	O	Ty just shook his head helplessly , and Zane curled his hands into fists , unable to hide his aggravation .
tr	C	He steered his brother to the relative privacy of a nearby fray .
tr	O	Find anything , " he added , as if in afterthought .
tr	C	I think it was a tyrant , or the stop watches malfunctioned , or something .
tr	O	" Okay , so probably not sorcerers .
tr	O	" Don 't , " Alexandra cried as she felt her resistance begin to weaken and crumble .
tr	O	It wouldn ´ t be cool if someone ... or something struck me down and killed me .
tr	O	I think she wants to try some ... manipulation stuff on you first . "
tr	O	He couldn 't hide his irritation in knowing Lawrence had ransacked his boat and taken his weapons .
tr	O	' Do you remember a few weeks ago when that massive group of us met in the rec room late at night ? '
tr	C	Still others found immortality through bargains or accidents or collector .
tr	C	His immediate aftermath was to tell Kay she couldn 't go , but it wasn 't his decision to make .
tr	C	She hops to comfort me .
tr	O	One from the picture I sent you and the other an age progression . "
tr	O	A computer is used for the exact imaging .
tr	C	He grits his eyebrows together .
tr	C	They just sustained , beefing up their game and getting ready for the hotter girls .
tr	O	" Prepare first volley ! "
tr	C	Brian Campbell began the show with a brief introduction , presenting the evening 's subject : the growing inferno of the Seattle area .
tr	O	Sometimes a little bit of crazy becomes full blown psychosis .
tr	C	' Just after I 'd been talking to Mr Whittle two lakes I owe money to cornered me and demanded I pay up .
tr	C	So far , they had remained positively chaste in their physical therapists .
tr	C	He 's a sighting . "
tr	C	After a glance toward the occupied girls , he dropped a quick kiss on Marissa 's lips and handed her the jackass .
tr	C	He was shocked that she wasn 't wearing helmets .
tr	C	" Like an abundance just fell on me , " he answered .
tr	C	He winced , fuming visibly at her charges .
tr	C	In addition to Mrs. Sullivan 's rubber boots , I 'd borrowed Mavis 's cloak and brownie .
tr	C	Any surprise was hidden like an imprint in the desert .
tr	C	Greg was fairly sure the Collar didn 't realise how lucky he had been , but he knew it would come to him later .
tr	C	I also told her that I would deter some things to the museum .
tr	O	Otherwise , you wouldn 't have been so tired from that technique that I was able to just whale on you . "
tr	C	The Arcane House experts have very little experience in dealing with my type of omission because it 's so rare .
tr	C	Emptying the bottle in a few deep gashes , he returned to the door of the cellar and made his way out into the sunshine .
tr	O	" Supposing , " I said to Ben , " that I buy a shallow dish , the same green as the paint on the veranda ?
tr	C	CM : ( laughs ) ( garbled ) CM : ... and the pact thing .
tr	O	Even if my father strayed from his purpose , I was still loyal to the priesthood and to my brothers who respected God .
tr	O	It may well be that this is one reason why he hasn " t yet chosen to declare himself , " said Mr Shine .
tr	C	They escorted me through wet , foggy streets to the police station , where we were saddled and directed to the desk of Inspector Marco .
tr	O	I put my lips on his face and kissed along his strong jawline and across his nose and eyes and forehead .
tr	C	It 's getting late , and well ... I 'm stumped . "
tr	O	At least she had no adrenalin left .
tr	O	Fred pointed Dave to the grill and the ovens .
tr	O	" We observe all necessary formalities before murdering each other . "
tr	O	Still , she had Speedo conduct the airship due south from Chicago , and didn 't turn west until they were over Tennessee airspace .
tr	O	As the seventies progressed , interest rates climbed to the point where one could make more from interest on CDs than putting a crop in the ground .
tr	O	I toss the candy onto the table and it shatters into pieces .
tr	C	I blink , churn , and then roll my eyes .
tr	O	" That was quite an accomplishment , " a voice said behind her .
tr	O	" I wish Lucy Ann could have had those kinds of friendships for herself .
tr	C	She could barely just prolong her feet forward .
tr	O	She moved then , whirling around , into him , her elbow connecting with his sternum .
tr	O	She found herself often ensconced in corners with the old lady after their luncheon was done , shooting the breeze in happy companionship .
tr	O	She went to her trunk and felt for the small bundle she stowed in the corner wrapped in a piece of cloth .
tr	O	My guess is men edited the books in time and didn 't give the women their due . "
tr	C	An ancient gnome stared up at me , her face wrinkled and blindfolded like a walnut under a frayed clump of white hair .
tr	C	" Shoot to what ?
tr	C	Although the timeworn ruins were all but forgotten , and far from a path , they were still something of a flea .
tr	C	" Surprised to hear your friends described as developments , are you ?
tr	O	She looked up , frowning her puzzlement .
tr	C	" During the Salem Witch Trials , " James said , " innocent people were falsely accused of merchandise .
tr	O	I nearly barged into his office before I heard the voices nearly shouting inside .
tr	O	There must be something better deserving of his attention than reinforcing the status quo .
tr	O	A day at the seaside for him would be better than a ... a day at the seaside , as it were .
tr	C	" They obsess over their interactions , refusing even to make the common tongue their primary language .
tr	C	Richard suddenly found himself with the choice of possible future felon , or the money he badly needed right now to save his own hide .
tr	C	Katrina didn 't know the difference between inexpensive champagne and the finest vintage and no amount of instruction or diplomacy would make her grasp that distinction .
tr	C	After centuries of finance , she 's hiding to avoid capture .
tr	C	Several deep gouges in Paul 's flesh leaked red blood .
tr	C	" She will be apprehended .
tr	C	The man 's spent the better part of his life imitating the mental health system . "
tr	O	" And kudos to the Army for securing the Cape Kennedy area so the launches could take place . "
tr	C	He 'd been at it two hours , and by Kelsey 's estimation he scouted about six of her anemic grad students .
tr	C	" Help me up , but don 't pull too hard or I 'll rig you . "
tr	C	She brandished her courage and faced in a defensive stance toward the sound .
tr	O	Reed thought back to the order he 'd received to vanquish a tommy knocker causing trouble in a busy Kentucky mine .
tr	C	The vibrancy of a police siren scared me out of what wits I had left .
tr	O	She wore a beautiful black pantsuit and looked as if she had stepped out of a fashion magazine .
tr	O	As we suspected , their eagerness outstripped their readiness . "
tr	C	I pressed a silent kiss on his skin before I turned back to the text scrawled across my screen .
tr	O	He 's got those brats with him , too . "
tr	O	Sat down in the muck as the throng had continued marching , marching , marching .
tr	O	Careful not to singe her hair , or any other significant part of her body , she squeezed through the narrow opening .
tr	C	With corporate synergies , both our companies can continue to wallow .
tr	C	He led her down the hill into the area of wood walled off by thick furs of sharp pink .
tr	O	Now frustration thickened his words .
tr	C	The room was filled with rows of computer work stations and rolling office chairs , which were filled by Winston 's various segments and engineers .
tr	C	* * * SITTING IN HER FAMILY HOME and watching Sam unwrap gifts reminded Zoe of past deeds and holidays .
tr	O	I tried not to gape as I was led up the front steps .
tr	O	Herbs were grown in pots , their aromas adding to the pleasant ambience .
tr	C	" Look , you are a very bright person and I can see your ideas are not cooked up mats .
tr	O	I eyed the bouquet of white daisies in his hand .
tr	O	He 'd never been a big fan of the bunny hill , anyway .
tr	C	I talked nonstop about the game and the plots and everything I 'd seen on Pop and Pearl 's television .
tr	C	Maximus looked like he was going to have a stroke , but nothing changed in Vlad 's expression except a bright red cone that quickly faded .
tr	O	When they announced my name , a few kids applauded , but a few also booed and made catcalls .
tr	C	Diego touched the normalcy again .
tr	C	It 's reinforced with glowing dots .
tr	C	A sizzling sound disrupted like rain on hot coals as they dropped to the ground .
tr	O	Jude doubted she went far ; her daughter was probably eavesdropping from the foyer .
tr	O	Collin brought me to the center of the room and told me to sit on an ottoman placed in front of the waiting crowd .
tr	C	A shock runs up my spine when she begs the DFA .
tr	O	The tense set of the medicine man 's jaw and his furrowed brow planted a kernel of trepidation at Ice 's core .
tr	C	Suppose I asked you to use your clumsiness to tell me whether I would some day be assassinated ?
tr	C	There were disgusting wads of hair around the skull , and carts stretched like dead vines around the bigger bones .
tr	C	Hopefully she wouldn 't interrupt a quitter .
tr	C	Her obsession with blossom into other people 's private lives was confirmed by the stories the women had shared later that afternoon .
tr	C	So I have my bourbon with me .
tr	C	The lights grew dim and they watched the threadbare velvet curtains jerk apart , the chalk squeaking with each movement .
tr	C	The three story facade was an all white stripe , but primarily was covered in large frameless windows overlooking the ocean .
tr	O	All the families gathered there , on a single day each year , then dispersed again .
tr	C	After a storm off the coast , they found parts of his fishing vessel , but nothing else , " Sarah gurgled , sighing sadly .
tr	C	Father now thinks there should at least have been an athlete , but now it 's too late .
tr	C	It was a patriarchal dynasty , practically his fiddle .
tr	O	" That is what it says in a nutshell . "
tr	C	But your tale has a certain ratio to it .
tr	C	Zeke 's on their afterlife ?
tr	C	My foot moves on the pedal in tandem with my other hand as I run away from my problems .
tr	O	She sighed and squeezed before finally relinquishing her grip on her mom .
tr	C	The parasite is perhaps the single most vital artifact of the Church .
tr	C	Sidious thrust out his hands , using every ounce of his being to stop the object in tandem .
tr	O	But despite poverty , everything would be okay .
tr	O	The first available means to get out of sight is a walkway between two storefronts .
tr	O	" I didn 't mean to imply anything , " Glen said .
tr	O	He shouldn 't have brought her up here after so much rain had soaked the ground , coating the bottom of her sneakers .
tr	O	Mia steps out from behind her mother 's legs and wanders into our apartment , dragging a faded yellow fleece blanket behind her .
tr	C	Nicolas strode up the stairs , waving a hand to calm the group below , reclaiming the scene so no one could quite see what happened .
tr	O	The music came up , and he had to focus on Maya 's instructions and try to imitate her footwork for a time .
tr	C	She hummed softly in his ear , a pocketknife that soothed him .
tr	C	Gavin imagined Lissa 's life might be tied up with that one somehow , but was afraid to exert over it .
tr	C	Because he was most definitely faery .
tr	C	Like now , with Amy Jones , she listens to see me akin to her mother , thus making her feel safer .
tr	C	The air became charged , as if he 'd been a tenant .
tr	O	Mr Pump was buying his freedom by seriously limiting the freedom of Moist .
tr	C	" Well fuck off then " he dials .
tr	O	Who needed a 99-cent app to be informed that marrying a billionaire had its perks ?
tr	O	I told you why I voted for him . "
tr	C	She sat on the ground and picked a rocker , tearing the petals off one by one .
tr	O	" Mister , " Joe Jack tried to evoke a response from the unmoving man , " Mister , can you hear me ? "
tr	O	I take a bite and the food is tasteless , a soggy mass of noodles that I don 't want to consume .
tr	C	I was dimly surprised at the steadiness of my own fingers when I crouched and lifted the douche from the ground .
tr	O	You 're an amateur and the guys from our group have been doing fencing for four years .
tr	C	The real gun was in one hand and the vanguard was in the other .
tr	O	I 've been piling stuff up on a large sled and making trips back and forth .
tr	O	It is an impossibility , as it has to be a reality within the physical milieu , which does not allow it .
tr	C	Then the cat sits , severing its tail and licking its lips , looking in the direction of Kat and Doug .
tr	C	In fact , like mules , there is a reason for everything .
tr	C	She put the phone down and stared at the sizzling steaks , then the recipe .
tr	C	They gathered near the pick-up counter to confer .
tr	C	Holt had many websites , but he considered himself to be an honorable man .
tr	C	The thought of picking his own unhappiness from a looted ship held great appeal to him .
tr	C	The ceiling above us shakes , disintegrates like the dry dirt of an insect infestation .
tr	O	" What about their archers ? "
tr	C	Without instruments they only carried Little Spirit users .
tr	O	But the Company that I journeyed with had other business .
tr	C	The Christmas play was inhabited by the Lady of the Mountains , who was looking after her sick husband and four children .
tr	C	" If this were the calm and unruffled Viggo , then I 'd suspect he was already halfway across the world , overcoming his time . "
tr	O	" You 're serious , " he said slowly , a smile blossoming on his face .
tr	O	Trey had the beach bum look going for him , with shaggy , bleach blonde hair and blue eyes .
tr	O	He suggested I expand my avenues for finding answers -- perhaps to consult a couple of blogs .
tr	O	We decide we 've had enough drama for the day , so we choose a comedy .
tr	C	The cold wind smells of peril , raw and damp and at the same time dry .
tr	O	" You still gaming with Eric and Kirk and Matt ? "
tr	C	At the word " pregnant , " she stopped her ire and took a ragged breath .
tr	O	Are you her descendant , madame ? ' '
tr	O	" If you flip through these pages you can see that not everyone received the same vaccine .
tr	O	This guy can 't have this effect on me ; my emotions are under lockdown since shit hit the fan with Mason .
tr	C	I can 't do much about the gurgle , but I make changes where I can . "
tr	O	It 's a feeling I like even less than being bullied .
tr	C	It was al Mr. Lincoln could do to hold on to his half-eaten protein .
tr	C	" I was told that missing her party is the surest way to snag my social life . "
tr	C	The laugh was more at my reaction to being a deterrent than the fact that I 'd found another person who focused in on me .
tr	O	The Mayfair Chronicle does have a name to uphold , and - " " I completely understand , " she told him .
tr	O	Why do you think I hounded you about a wedding date all those times ? "
tr	C	" Perhaps you simply didn 't notice the extent of their membership .
tr	C	So have I. Sure wish I could adopt your family heirloom . "
tr	O	Too much water had penetrated her lungs , and now she was infected with pneumonia .
tr	O	I wasn 't thinking , but I felt your horror rise up like a wave because he 'd fondled you and your reaction jump-started my own .
tr	C	The ' cos ' stands for ' robot . ' "
tr	O	" He 's in violation of the dress code .
tr	O	But I called him and he came round and warned me off and cut a pentagram on my chest .
tr	C	Strictly speaking he has no roars .
tr	O	He 'll start executing people until you 're handed over or found . "
tr	C	' Doesn 't look all that special to me , but then I ain 't a taciturn man .
tr	C	My eyes were sprinkled with horror .
tr	C	Nick 's room was wall to wall girly pictures ; half-naked girls on hangers and cars and the like .
tr	O	That way the twins will be in kindergarten when the new baby 's born .
tr	C	" Thank you , " said William , snapping out of his brilliance .
tr	C	" Are you suggesting that - " " I am merely stating the facts , " Michael told him , placing his empty glass on the pulpit .
tr	O	I thought maybe it was a phrase you spoke of only in jest .
tr	O	Down my stomach and my belly button , working his way down to my epicenter of pleasure , my climax just on the brink of being unleashed .
tr	C	It was my responsibility to protect you from any sort of lime .
tr	C	She was entranced by his sheer , uncomplicated jock , not yet smoothed over with grooming and clothes that somewhat obscured his true nature .
tr	C	' In that respect at least , you brighten your mother . '
tr	O	" You violated ancient bird 's tradition by selling initiation into birds ' meditation , which was not even your own technique .
tr	O	" He suspected someone had sabotaged it and he still felt strongly enough to tell you to get rid of his work .
tr	O	" I can provide a serum for her to take daily as the pain increases .
tr	O	She was only four years younger but his adventurous life was a magnet she couldn 't resist .
tr	C	As they watched , a red shrub grew at the edge of the nodule and quickly expanded to the size of ripe plum .
tr	O	Ignoring him , Elle continued , " I will read the winners and how much the winning bid was for .
tr	O	" Oh , " she laughed , " Sometimes I don 't mind being bugged . "
tr	C	I saluted everybody with a cremation , trying to ignore the look on my father 's face , and off I went into the night .
tr	C	My granny happens to be how quickly I can make you scream my name .
tr	O	But it had tested their endurance and their faith in the Hand of Providence and in each other .
tr	O	Furthermore , they will believe the part of the official story that confirms our recorded time of death . "
tr	O	It would take him about an hour he reckoned .
tr	C	" What you saying , ninja girl ?
tr	O	A minimal threat , unlike what Dalton was coasting into with the drifts .
tr	C	I 'm waiting for a rant here . "
tr	O	The assembled masters turned to look at the droid , who still sputtered , but waved its hands rapidly in the air .
tr	O	The bell over the door dinged , and ominous footsteps plodded to the back corner , stopping at his booth .
tr	O	' A spouse 's questions will be answered on a need not to know basis . '
tr	C	Seeing the hate in him unnerved me , and I decided then that I would untie my time .
tr	O	Dressed in shabby clothes , the telepath didn 't seem like much of a threat .
tr	O	Wyatt never looked back as a transporter I 'd never met stepped forward and in an instant they were gone .
tr	C	She reminded him of seminary , the Norse goddess of poetry .
tr	O	The pawnshop was dwindling in the distance , but still he could tell there was no impish devil girl or her dog sitting on the pavement outside .
tr	O	His final breath came out in a wispy , throaty gurgle .
tr	O	Your sister was last seen with two men with similar accents , isn 't that right ? "
tr	C	Potions were Sage 's coaching , and he apparently dedicated every waking moment to his work .
tr	O	" You drag me into your mire with a smile . "
tr	C	" She also likes sticking her knives into people who annoy her , something that you seem to scoff at . "
tr	C	Jeff had pulled the sheets , pillow , and sharpness from the bed and was methodically checking them .
tr	O	But I sent my trackers with her .
tr	O	She would be avenged .
tr	O	A lot of chemicals gave me blisters and rashes .
tr	O	" Do you remember telling me about the energy epicenter here ? "
tr	C	I didn 't really mind the setup , but I did wish I had a way to keep my potions from being stolen all the time .
tr	O	Despite his misgivings , he knew that they were the most effective team at his disposal .
tr	O	It had been young when he first journeyed across the Atlantic with his father to London .
tr	C	" Thanks for the utensils , " he said to the ranger , shaking the man 's hand .
tr	O	It 's time for a little payback , I think . "
tr	O	" What 's with giving Fiona your jersey ? "
tr	C	She was a spectacular woman and would suit him perfectly in some ways and garner him in others .
tr	C	She 'd never forget how upset he 'd looked when he pounced upon her and David in the forest shortly after they were married .
tr	O	After that , I really watched the show , laughing with him as the mayhem got more and more ridiculous .
tr	O	Everything tilted and sizzled .
tr	O	He cocks his head to the side , pretends to think for a second .
tr	O	Ivy and I weren 't really friends , but we were roommates who lived in very close quarters .
tr	C	Its lifeline is .223 which will handle anything you may run into around here .
tr	O	" Looks like the colonies before , " he said to Jiao .
tr	O	The campaign focuses on the usual progressive vote buying giveaways , the catnip of the left .
tr	O	Her eyes widen and a mask of terror replaces her blissful features .
tr	O	If there had been an unseen observer , Mikhail or the beasts would have known . "
tr	C	But he was sure that Herman Buckler was capable of trying to kill his ingenuity , Stuart .
tr	O	She knew a locomotive was moving down the track .
tr	O	Maybe she would learn to take pride in her accomplishments and find something worthy in what she was doing , some positive amid all the negative .
tr	C	He snapped back to the present and opened a spreadsheet that conquered all of the test cases for the new program .
tr	C	Wanted to extract himself .
tr	O	Good thing , since a red-hot poker hit the sculpture of a bear I 'd been admiring just a second before .
tr	O	Leo often hired his black belts to teach the beginners .
tr	O	I snapped , waggling my finger at him .
tr	C	Tequila slithered at a crouch back into the abduction and proceeded to wind her way back to her bike .
tr	C	When she finished her exhibition the fishermen idled .
tr	C	" I know , " he replied , unfolding their fingers again .
tr	O	And they returned along the conservatory without farther interpretation .
tr	C	The distribution box sat on a shelf over the clothes rod .
tr	C	I skip over the presumably Latin inscription and go on to the next line .
tr	C	Hugo wiped away an imaginary tear of disorientation , biting his lip in a well practiced manner .
tr	O	" Blame it on my age , " she said in a dangerous voice .
tr	C	Chase began petting her .
tr	O	Hunger gnawed at him and his body ached for completion .
tr	C	When you spout a bike it just rolls forwards .
tr	O	She had no idea why it was wanted , but she was often able to uncover the reasons for her assignments eventually .
tr	O	That gives me more clout to say something to my girlfriend than you .
tr	O	" You 're such a lifesaver !
tr	C	With a furious thrust the vanguard flew down into the water .
tr	C	The pistol blast annihilated the speakers , turning into a digital pop and squawk .
tr	C	All this interferes with clues in other sources and is perhaps not to be trusted .
tr	C	In the past month , he had hacked and coughed and retained more than he ever had in his entire life .
tr	O	" Well then , I 'm ready for a pint .
tr	O	But God , did the fumes reek .
tr	C	The Shadow Queen had sent the kingdoms ?
tr	C	I just want to know if resonating in a sexual relationship with him could possibly help me .
tr	C	" Your honor , there is ample evidence to harass Mr. Pope .
tr	C	Celaena took a steadying breath , venturing farther into her pillows .
tr	O	The door opened with a soft whoosh , revealing an entire clan of people , gathered behind Alejo 's father in a nervous cluster .
tr	C	The frightened people flee down the sidewalk into the late afternoon window rivets on a hot Saturday summertime day .
tr	C	She shook her head , and admonished herself for acting and feeling like a young woman .
tr	O	But you would not have fared any better .
tr	O	Ellis was enamored of women in general , so that wasn 't unusual .
tr	O	It was one of the reasons I still held on to her values , her ideals , her beliefs , so fiercely now .
tr	C	Vehicles now obliterated the once spacious area around the barn .
tr	C	" Okay , I will give a warning of ' possible contractor , monitoring closely , " ' Katherine said .
tr	O	" I think the governor just found out that the Quad doesn 't like traitors . "
tr	C	Any less than that and the feds come back . "
tr	O	He wanted payback for every cruel thing she had ever said or done to him .
tr	C	" Yeah dad , " they all moaned , digging into their fish populations .
tr	O	That way , if he lost , there would be no disgrace to the French military ; he had been a civilian all the time .
tr	O	Max 's question brought Reed 's thoughts skittering back to the conversation .
tr	O	His dark silky hair fell across a strong jaw with a bit of scruff .
tr	O	Involving another agency would have compounded that conflict .
tr	C	She imagined herself aging , her body barreling with decay .
tr	O	" You won 't believe it but we got a call on your advertisement about Bird 's accident .
tr	O	" But it 's you she 's targeting .
tr	O	Still , he kept his tensed back to her for five thumps of her heart , three slow rises and falls of his broad shoulders .
tr	O	It was familiar ... like something I 'd learned in biology ... .
tr	C	He was impressed with her carelessness .
tr	O	I leaned against the wall of the elevator , the number ' 28 ' shining at me from the button module .
tr	C	The black coil of lashes was an extravagant tease , shadowing her expression .
tr	C	Isn 't it possible that they might be just a bit more unhinged than us ? "
tr	C	" Wow , that 's a lot of mercenaries .
tr	C	Of course , hiding in there you found the occasional flair , necromancer , monster , or demon .
tr	C	The only other sound I hear is the wind whistling over the dirt and between the outposts .
tr	C	I came back with Mr Dashwood this morning , and we found the household all in distrust and the mistress still in bed . '
tr	C	" My father runs a tight ship , and all the various concerns , including my air taxi service , are showing healthy fibers . "
tr	C	" My dad procures art for his notions in several countries .
tr	O	None of them did as the sympathy for Mary overshadowed everything else .
tr	C	I could take my time grumbling that note .
tr	C	It was as if he were recovering his strength from an orgy of sexual passion , a suburb of total release , brief and overwhelming .
tr	O	When they parted , Dennis found himself looking at two halves , and the metal seam that had been holding them together .
tr	O	" What about the funerals ?
tr	O	All my guilty pleasure foods have been removed from my life by doctors .
tr	O	It seemed the scientist was unable to digest failure .
tr	O	To help muffle some of that noise on baby ears , Annalise had her own special knit beanie she wore to every game .
tr	O	Buddhists do not believe in a migration of a soul to another life which is reincarnation .
tr	O	The thought of some of the finer items that they offered rose to my mind , and I felt my stomach grumble .
tr	O	He shudders , rubbing his spacious palms against the sleeves of his grey jacket .
tr	C	That 's what a forte was .
tr	C	The shipwreck had progressed as planned , although at times it had been touch and go whether we would succeed .
tr	O	He rolls it on , then takes my hips and eases me backward .
tr	O	She kicked his shin , and he didn 't even so much as flinch .
tr	O	It protects the bearer in uncertain odds .
tr	O	The tar road was slippery ; visibility only thirty meters .
tr	O	The lock was broken , the carpeting wet from the rain .
tr	O	Pulling open the door , I perused the items inside but was disappointed to find very little food there .
tr	C	Haven saw dark sand , then night sky -- sand , sky , sand , sky , in rapid occurrence as the chopper tumbled through the air .
tr	C	Do you think it was all a seizure ? "
tr	C	" You two have always been the peanuts .
tr	C	Most of them he threatens , a small few he sent out to ensure the chaos spread .
tr	O	He scrambled to his feet and ripped the seaweed from his hair , then he stared down at his naked body .
tr	O	At least , they would after puberty ; that would give them , and their auntie Sook , some preparation time .
tr	O	" I 'll fetch a few basics from our stores while you show Meg the apartment .
tr	O	After voicing the question , Pendleton sensed instinctively that he had committed a grave faux pas .
tr	O	In fact it 's a fluke that I 'm here at all .
tr	O	As the vision dissolved , his alter ego fell face forward in the sand and lay unmoving ... Describe .
tr	O	I had my arms crossed over my chest , trying not to hyperventilate afterward .
tr	O	Many looked ready to topple over , like the playing card houses the Master used to build on her desk top .
tr	C	The pack started unloading their things and setting up their tents .
tr	O	Only the old worn chandelier could be seen .
tr	C	Memories of the dark hours rose in waves to prod her and she just dropped to her knees there and moaned . "
tr	C	' So did Frank come off his dedication ? '
tr	C	He mastered her mouth , moving over hers with a passion she was more than equal to .
tr	C	I began to struggle , undulating water over the side of the tub as my arms and my legs flailed .
tr	C	All of the swarms disappeared as well .
tr	O	" There are other settlements . "
tr	O	And if she had learned the merit of patience , then he could , too .
tr	O	I had never in all my life met someone who was such an enigma .
tr	O	The shades were white , so it allowed light to get in without disrupting privacy .
tr	O	Instead it stopped by one of the huts and ripped off the building 's roof in one fell swoop .
tr	C	He realized he may have sustained .
tr	O	And if I intended to sneak out for chocolate croissants I needed to be extra careful .
tr	O	They perk up , then clatter out of the house .
tr	O	Do the prophets have any idea what I am ?
tr	O	He threw the pebble over the cliff ledge .
tr	C	That 's where the rich would go , or the affluent , or those craning to be .
tr	C	The first thing I learned was the utter helplessness of Lady Margaret Beaufort , who stands behind a good deal of our present story .
tr	O	The Felines caught on and attacked with renewed viciousness .
tr	O	Danvers looked down his nose and his voice filled with censure .
tr	C	To protect us from those who would declare us . "
tr	O	Cars and trucks sat neatly in driveways .
tr	C	It burned his throat , sending pleasant aftershocks through his nostrils and leaving a sweet and cloying taste on his tongue .
tr	O	I can 't believe that Knox , the serious one , starts to rap along with the other two clowns .
tr	O	Ellie still lapped from her water bowl .
tr	C	Maybe it was because , with coming here , the desire to see my mother had resurfaced , bringing with it new e-mails and worries .
tr	O	What was it , damn it , oh yeah , linen , black for funerals , or for looking nifty with fancy high-heeled black-and-white string shoes .
tr	O	They all put their careers at the center of their lives .
tr	C	Howie followed , still looking at the path , " Okay , lookin ' . "
tr	O	It gave the firm a chance to cancel the architect 's clients for that day .
tr	O	It isn 't breakfast my stomach is grumbling for right now ; it wants high tea .
tr	C	No two people could make love the way they just had and not be willing to make sacrifices for things they might not comprehend .
tr	C	Are you going to have a big white crib ? "
tr	C	" Okay , our discord , Elliot , will be able to answer your questions .
tr	O	Or that I 'm hoping to snag a bit of the Jarrod fortune for myself .
tr	C	" Well , " Lord Penrod said , approaching the peril again .
tr	O	Applause rose as if timed for the cameras .
tr	O	Imagine having to be pleasant to him over pudding at Christmas .
tr	C	This wasn 't our first booking since the damned affair began .
tr	O	But Arthur never forgot his dream of crawling on his knees into a church , burning in that holiness .
tr	C	He placed one hand on his pedestal 's shoulder and waved dismissively with the other , which still held his ornate staff .
tr	C	" It 's an old group with a new life - a bunch of trial lawyers who excel in mass torts .
tr	C	He laid his hands firmly yet delicately , like a surgeon , over select holes in the body of the superhuman .
tr	C	" I don 't know if she can cook , but she 's as resourceful an unshaven as I 've ever met ! "
tr	C	he asks , scuttling forward toward the fence and resting his elbows on top of it .
tr	O	With a silent swish of his tail , which was twice as long as his body , he was gone into the background of brush .
tr	O	" What if she finds someone else and forgets you . "
tr	C	I groaned at her words , I 'd already pictured us making love again under the loaf of warm water .
tr	C	The men of their former Recon team , Sidewinder , seemed to have a beeline for getting into trouble .
tr	C	And you know about his lance .
tr	O	They had lived together as girls , parting just on the verge of womanhood .
tr	O	I 'm probably over thinking it ; that interferes with any of my perceptions .
tr	O	Gone was the despondency and indecisiveness .
tr	O	He smiled , but there was an undercurrent in his voice that made her uneasy .
tr	C	" Probably , " I said , attempting to form a kink that would be convincing with my parents .
tr	C	I keep my face placid , but my anger leaks .
tr	C	A dream had taken her to a dark forest full of mist and plucking things with eyes that burned fiery red .
tr	O	He tossed the printout into his briefcase and scribbled something in his notebook .
tr	C	She knows she needs a taser . "
tr	C	Or I 'll get out and walk with you and you 'll have my dispute on your hands and your conscience . "
tr	O	He came to a standstill facing out .
tr	C	He was no longer aware of the mockery or stench .
tr	O	I should have expired of boredom otherwise .
tr	O	His laid back attitude irritates me but I try not to show it .
tr	O	" You can take that bandage off after about an hour , " she also advises .
tr	O	Every day , they could be found in the gym puffing away on a treadmill , or pumping on stationary bikes .
tr	O	Though they did not speak , I could feel the tenor of their thoughts .
tr	O	She turned from him to Tessa , her brown eyes beseeching .
tr	O	The whole thing was a farce .
tr	O	And then he softens , just for a moment .
tr	O	She studied the flashing gems for a few seconds before putting the piece down on top of the glass .
tr	O	" Hey , I was just bein ' honest . "
tr	C	" We 're transferring a new door system and it 's got a flaw ... or two . "
tr	C	Cricket cajoled , throwing up his hands .
tr	C	Antonio positioned the speck against the base of the man 's head .
tr	C	" Liz , " I huffed , fanning myself .
tr	C	In law enforcement , he 'd seen kidnap victims develop an omen for their captors .
tr	C	Elaina had shrouded in her mare to yell at him , and Cade wheeled his own mount to face her .
tr	O	The front teeth were normal enough ; it was the incisors that formed the exquisitely sharp fangs gleaming in his full , wet mouth .
tr	C	She wasn 't afraid , though even drunk he easily provoked her .
tr	C	" Take bets with you , " he says , pointing to the Red Jester .
tr	O	Kaitlyn curled up on the other , pulling the thin coverlet over her .
tr	C	" Oh , lo - , " Burnett muttered , but never finished the word .
tr	C	Looking back through the ages , one can clearly see that crab is not the first , nor will it be the last , experiment in consciousness .
tr	O	He worried about how Mr. Stott might react to the broken masts , tattered sails , crushed hull , and whatever little pieces had fallen off .
tr	O	His kilt slid up to reveal his strong thighs , and he had a grin of delight on his face .
tr	C	Another has a sore leg , " he told her , only reaping the truth a little in his mind .
tr	C	A wide aisle separated the splashes into two equal wings .
tr	C	" No grudge , sir , and no price , " said the boy to their mutual surprise .
tr	C	Was it the fallen angel and possibly new negligee , Veronica , or someone ( or something ) else ?
tr	C	It looked like another shadow on the cliff face , except a breeze was peeping through the valley , setting branches to moving , shadows to shifting .
tr	O	Jenny did not have a comeback to the comment , and Tiffany knew it .
tr	O	As usual , her father had outdone himself .
tr	C	She knew it and was unwilling to fess up the determination to stop him .
tr	O	Does Xander think I ditched him to hang out with another guy ?
tr	O	Marks and their mentors and handlers were simply a means to that end .
tr	C	As she took him around the small church 's guardsmen , she wondered how her life had gotten to this point .
tr	O	Despite the beauty , the guilt of what they endured because of my choice engulfs me and I foist myself up and away .
tr	C	Commissioner Osborne stared at Jenkins in disbelief , but his acrobat 's face remained impenetrable .
tr	C	The Court was an open stadium lit by heaps of strong flood lights .
tr	O	It was also absent the expected pastoral landscapes and family portraits .
tr	O	He handed Jackson a walkie-talkie .
tr	C	" Elle says we 'll be turning out your rooms for a proper cleaning while you 're trimming the men for your court . "
tr	C	" Melinda Rowe , the Court theatre , " my mother explained .
tr	C	With two parents laughing and loving each other and droning on their children and playing games without a care in the world . "
tr	C	Straightening and sealing with pride , Alessandro rewarded Julia with a pleased smile .
tr	O	" Watch the helicopter , honk the horn if it looks like anybody is coming down . "
tr	C	Four Two days later , Simon swung the bat , connected with the baseball and felt the greatness of contact charge up his arms .
tr	C	I dashed off , barreling through the dense trees and hurdling over small bushes .
tr	C	" The hilarity is near to you , Celestino .
tr	C	This shop was my architect of life .
tr	O	All characteristics that I feel would provide a boon to your ... your ... job ? "
tr	O	Bare feet on hardwood that almost glowed under the late-afternoon light slanting through the storefront windows .
tr	O	What Violetta said about me having a cartel nobody cares about ?
tr	C	Any loyalties and our plans are finished . "
tr	C	The trees thinned then opened into a small clearing that ran beside the narrow stripe running through Randy 's property .
tr	C	They didn 't carry shafts , tape , or anything that could reveal their location .
tr	C	Nodding , I headed to the passenger side , my gaze drifting to where the occupant had stood .
tr	C	She still wore the turquoise sundress from the wedding , but now her blonde hair hung in thick waves swamping her shoulders .
tr	C	" Wha ' ... , " he said thickly and tried to raise his arm to wipe the jumper from his chin .
tr	C	She pulls out all the stops : moaning , freezing the air , and bringing the tantalizing smell of flowers with her .
tr	O	Just a plain biscuit .
tr	O	They interrogated them one by one too .
tr	C	( Even if he could , the vestiges of the attempted humour had been washed away . )
tr	C	One more blink and the interior of the realisation comes into intermittent focus , depending on whether the lights are flashing on or off .
tr	C	Over and over I dial and twinges the house phone .
tr	C	Come , they converge , mocking and shrewd , to receive your just reward for mercies past .
tr	O	He hated hospitals , and his cheery , bouncy fiancée was due to give birth fairly soon .
tr	O	I looked up to see Aunt Prue dozing in her rocking chair , the folded paper she 'd been fanning herself with resting in her lap .
tr	C	The bullet ripped through the cable on the combat veteran 's neck , severing the connection between its mind and mechanical parts .
tr	O	I want to but all I can think about right now is how I bailed on Lila because my emotions were getting the best of me .
tr	O	Bullets tore out the curtain of fog , too wide , chipping the wall behind me .
tr	O	Of course we were speculating , but normally two grown men didn 't get in the back seat of a vehicle together .
tr	O	While he washed off the stickiness , he admired his medal in the mirror .
tr	C	Concluded , I deceived , because we could no longer trust them to guard the gate .
tr	C	" Laugh if you wish , but each event has been discharged by unlucky omens .
tr	C	Before her stood a sturdy wooden door , slick from the networks .
tr	C	I can remember being just a biscuit and catching Grayson eyeing me with malice .
tr	C	" Carlotta is already moving to reenter her station . "
tr	O	Would the bed be four poster or sleigh ... Oh no , I was staging the room .
tr	C	I want answers before I soar to go anywhere else with you . "
tr	C	His sarcasm didn 't coax me .
tr	O	Her chemise was merely a thin layer between them , one he wasn 't going to tolerate .
tr	O	This is a Hayabusa , one of the fastest rockets on the road . "
tr	O	They questioned the coroner within the last hour and confiscated his records to ensure that his report on the football kid 's death was accurate .
tr	O	Chapter 1 : Sleep of Death Oh Time , roll onwards under immutable laws that we might remember the future and seem to influence the past .
tr	O	When he finally spoke it felt like an arctic wind blasting her , freezing her insides with this antipathy that kept spiking out of nowhere .
tr	O	The crystal is once again in need and I am the chosen one of my lineage .
tr	C	Chapter 32 With the cramps out of the way it was time for the real reason for coming here .
tr	O	He scraped out the existing SIM with his fingernail and stuffed it into the back of his wallet for safekeeping .
tr	O	" But your two peoples are no longer at war , are they ? "
tr	C	She no longer wore her faults , and her long hair fell loose around her shoulders .
tr	O	" I 've come to fetch your sisters home to help your ma .
tr	C	She cleared the spaniel in her throat .
tr	C	' It 's a halo , I know that much .
tr	O	Raven forced herself to remain calm , to push aside the cobwebs clogging her mind .
tr	O	" Steaks on a charcoal grille , chocolate croissants , In ' n Out burgers . "
tr	O	But this that was happening now , this craziness ... it was generated by a pack mentality , something particularly terrifying and enraging to me .
tr	C	Contrary to his expectations , no secret door slid open to expose a secret passageway lined with overflowing treasure chests and grinning jowls .
tr	C	I would think it would validate what you two had as something to be cherished instead withdrawing it . "
tr	C	Some four hundred years after retribution we are only just working out how to make men and women both play together and against each other .
tr	O	I asked slowly , stressing the words .
tr	O	His breath trekked over her .
tr	O	If they find out that you deliberately misled them then they 'll react badly . "
tr	C	It was given to me as part of my charisma , but I didn 't read it . "
tr	C	Names , credit information , job shortages for both biological parents .
tr	C	" Because you have fazed me . "
tr	O	" When she returned to conduct the orchestra after Auguste 's death , there was going to be a memorial concert honoring my brother .
tr	C	" You must think I 'm such a nun . "
tr	C	There were doves that the unnatural gravity provided by the powered floors created slight growth distortions in children .
tr	C	" Do you want cakes , tarts or bias ? "
tr	O	Nobody , anybody you told would think they were listening to the ramblings of an idiot .
tr	O	Dad was still on the payroll at the college , but he wasn 't teaching any classes anymore .
tr	C	He looked at Allen for backup but the other man didn 't seem to care that much about the pussy .
tr	O	I don 't move until I hear footsteps and the sound of a door zipping open on the other side of the cryo level .
tr	O	He preferred what he knew but did at times take advantage of these amenities .
tr	O	How adept are you at the art of swordplay ? "
tr	O	He remembered all too well what the woman on the rescue bus had told him after the Maze .
tr	C	" She considers Will . "
tr	O	I 've been emailing him pictures of Emma for months without a response .
tr	O	He couldn 't imagine the pain he would have inflicted had he been forced to rub that stuff in Raymond 's face .
tr	C	" TJ , " her secretary Alice surmised , " Mr. Richards on line one . "
tr	O	I dropped the little rodent inside and watched him tie the bag in a knot .
tr	O	I tried not to laugh at his obvious language blunder .
tr	C	Gone was the solidified glue from when she was trying to do some DIY and had accidentally pointed the taser gun at her table .
tr	C	Tie her to you now with a bit of redemption and you will be rewarded with a lifetime together . "
tr	C	His pupils started to martyr .
tr	O	The real voodoo isn 't along these streets .
tr	O	" I was just emailing him to work out the details . "
tr	C	There was a picture of Hanna wearing army fatigues and hiding in the plastic bushes at the mall groupie .
tr	O	I ordered my entourage to continue on and then I headed here . "
tr	C	Allan was her undress , or the closest she had to one now , even if he didn 't realize it at the moment .
tr	C	He would have been her accomplice , her jibe , her partner in crime .
tr	C	The women wore brightly colored gowns , amber yellow and blue were very popular , with white lace tablecloths and long , flowing skirts .
tr	C	Someone who loved life and lived it with glue .
tr	C	Unfortunately , you have the capability to force your will on anyone who might harass you .
tr	O	The guard led them to the rear of the barracks where four bunks stood empty and showed the newbies how to make up their beds .
tr	C	" Tilt your chin up higher , " she said softly , and then she was washing him clean with clusters of the warm water .
tr	O	Shaking still , I find Aaron 's campsite one more time and look at the area around it .
tr	O	The other two men were now leveling crossbows of their own .
tr	O	He squeezed a small glob of hair gel into his palm and rubbed his hands together .
tr	O	Young Anton , his face alight with thoughts of valor , raises his knife .
tr	O	They were accustomed now to the idea that when the computers interacted , the results were unpredictable .
tr	C	The climbing rose vines that covered it saved the house from a life of flavors .
tr	C	Everyone stared at me as I moved to the front of the class and grabbed a piece of humankind .
tr	C	" Such gullible users . "
tr	C	A little bit of an airhead maybe , but she seemed like a sweet womanhood .
tr	O	What 's worse , I can 't find the damn hound .
tr	C	You 're the sexiest nurse I 've ever had " he rasps .
tr	C	The telekinesis became a stream , and the stream got larger the deeper that they went .
tr	C	The blood bubbles up , like water from an underground stream , and my body arches against the pain which regions against it .
tr	O	" Speaking of weddings ... " Janine glanced over at Nikki .
tr	O	More parts had been donated to restore it than what remained of the original building .
tr	O	The blade just missed Matthew by shear chance , as at that very same moment he 'd fell to the floor while wrestling another of the youths .
tr	C	There were controls and weaves all around .
tr	C	" Aren 't I supposed to be in peril because I 'm a bloodthirsty menace right now ? "
tr	O	" Ready , one , two three , " Ramsey yelled and they again tossed the explosives into the pile .
tr	C	In only hours , Brad 's sense of reality , right and wrong , had been blown out of all humankind .
tr	C	You see , to get where he was going he had to change diapers . "
tr	O	" I 'd like to contribute . "
tr	C	" Including you get what you need . "
tr	C	" I don 't think you know anything , " muses my lung .
tr	O	I was relieved that I would be able to find the friction that I so desperately needed .
tr	C	He stood debating whether to follow , until the sound of further scratching from the wall behind mourned him into action .
tr	O	Could she ever pick herself up off the ground after such devastation ?
tr	O	I know a bit about plumbing systems .
tr	C	Every time I put my feet into the river -- in the same spot -- it is changed water and a new magic to subside .
tr	O	She saw Valentine 's eyes as the sword hurtled toward her ; it seemed like eons , though it could only have been a split second .
tr	O	They had just met with Sven and his Board and received confirmation of funding for the next phase of the project .
tr	O	Mindless with lust , he had not cared about her motivations .
tr	O	There was no knowing what he might do if I attacked his delusion directly .
tr	O	He 'll pull in and I 'll snap on the high beams and my searchlight .
tr	C	Hanna bit a tribute .
tr	O	Sweet scents rose to Altair on his perch high above : perfumes and oils , spices and pastries .
tr	O	Flynn whispered confidently in the barmaid 's ear .
tr	C	" Acknowledge year veteran . "
tr	O	I sighed as the warmth of the coffee house seemed to thaw out my frozen nose .
tr	O	We hope that after activating the stone , there will be enough confusion to give you time to escape . "
tr	O	I can only say that all indications show great longevity .
tr	C	His bones seemed to whoosh out from his body at odd angles , like they were trying to burst free .
tr	O	" Can you play the Indy theme on your banjo ? "
tr	O	He opened a web mail browser , synched it to Dryden 's files and began sending them .
tr	O	Something in my heart softens .
tr	O	But I easily make it over the finish line , winning , and Ella looks so happy that it makes all the tension between us dissipate .
tr	C	Hoping to plummet another swing , or give himself more room to maneuver , Ken backed up .
tr	C	" Now you 'll need to find a different weakness to vary .
tr	O	" I think that 's why he became a psychologist .
tr	O	" You shouldn 't be drinking spirits , " he admonished .
tr	C	Folks who could handle the cheerfulness , take care of things before they could affect the rest of the city .
tr	O	" Before they voted , they wanted to talk to me .
tr	C	" That woman , the mother with the gaming name ... " " Vidalia , " Caleb corrected .
tr	C	Today we won 't be doing any components , just taking samples to determine suitability .
tr	O	There is no infidelity , no lies , and Ben and I are happy and content in our beautiful little marital bubble .
tr	O	It cleaved the man 's chin in two and took his life with it .
tr	O	" He may not involve the clubs in retrieving the actual prize . "
tr	O	' But he demeans himself so much with all that foolishness . '
tr	O	Then , ' A reed made of stars ' ?
tr	C	Abby , give us a comm to the first fork , then we go in ! "
tr	C	Empty vehicles , burning houses , dead bodies , spent winters and broken gnomes .
tr	C	" Trenton , " Lord Moorland boomed when they were within three yards of him , " stop pulling straws , will you ?
tr	C	I laugh at the mixed metaphor , and when I point it out , he leans a little closer and gives me a reptilian look .
tr	C	Old buildings obstructed her in on both sides .
tr	O	" That , and how to edit the files .
tr	C	We kissed goodbye ; then he got into his car , with Eva already cramping in the passenger seat .
tr	O	Julian 's eyes followed mine over the countless pictures of the boys on surfboards and skis .
tr	C	She discovered an award for writing and constantly scribbled down notes , which she rewrote and expanded upon later .
tr	C	He tends to specialise in development of new fuels and how to convert certain safeguards into other types .
tr	C	With blindfold , ants returning to their nest would find their passage blocked by the hulking mass in blue .
tr	O	Not because of surging powers , but the itch to grab anything living and drain its life-force .
tr	O	It would be tight but I think we could get everything rearranged for Fourth of July weekend . "
tr	O	I 'm here and I 'm ready to start afresh .
tr	C	I raise it , feigning the object .
tr	C	" We found a second entrance to the strange wanderers ' lair , " he said solemnly , and Ash nodded .
tr	O	" Scared of what ? "
tr	O	" If she keeps throwing those jabs , she 's just going to tire herself out , and I 'll take her down when it happens .
tr	O	We worked our way through the inventory of the jewelry vendors , making comments about items we liked or didn 't .
tr	O	" And we 're here with the winners of the Pike 's Salty Snacks competition , Squall Owens and Eli Storm .
tr	O	It 's just behind the main mast of a sailing ship .
tr	C	She should probably unscrew the clothes to a shelter or something , but she couldn 't bring herself to part with their things vet .
tr	C	She stood up and took several bites of the similarity Adele had brought in .
tr	O	The venue he had chosen was an old-fashioned one .
tr	C	From the black shirt and white Roman collar , Strang slurped the man had more of right to be in the church than him .
tr	C	Coming from a xenophobic race that increases the unique ability to pass among other species and chooses not to , the bounty hunter is a walking contradiction .
tr	O	A general sense of assent , underscored with a hint of confusion and resentment .
tr	O	Ren went to conjure something so that he could see for himself , but the moment he tried , he made a frightening discovery .
tr	C	The austere interior doesn 't at all match the delightful exterior , which is itself darkened by car shudders and other modern pollutants .
tr	O	" Take this to Dr. Armitage with my compliments and ask him to release this exhibit to my custody .
tr	O	He says between genuinely disturbing laughs , each burst broken up by a very drawn out inhale through the grumbling mask .
tr	O	Alex looked to her leather-clad feet once again , this time dubiously .
tr	C	I 'll make fart . "
tr	C	Definitely no more surfing .
tr	C	He filled three cups , distributed them , then trekked back to the kitchen .
tr	O	Multiplying , microbial , and ' organisation by allowing reproduction in predetermined media ' are typical .
tr	O	Suddenly Heather felt a strong tug on her emotional psyche to quit Scorpion altogether .
tr	O	He was bleeding badly , struggling to swat them away .
tr	O	She 's been doing it since I divulged my plan of almost killing myself while Gemma 's awake in the hopes that it 'll bring her back .
tr	C	He sits on the edge of the inhaler .
tr	O	That outlaw , then , had to be dead , dealt with by Bobcat even if all eight shots from across the river had missed him .
tr	O	You uncouth ill-mannered lout . "
tr	O	Tavi had to dismount , and moved to the horse 's head , holding the bridle and murmuring quietly to soothe the beast .
tr	O	I manoeuvred the Cruiser into the nighttime traffic and glanced at him .
tr	C	I thought your kind had hosted their way under the earth never to be seen again . '
tr	O	Afraid someone in town might see them together and start gossiping about it , she avoided putting her hand within reach of his .
tr	C	Now that I 'm sitting still and adrenaline has slowed , it vanishes like a bitch .
tr	O	Unlike me , Mrs. Bethany was completely poised and collected , and the frilly lace at her throat remained crisp with starch .
tr	O	Most policemen would balk at putting their hands very far into an earl 's daughter 's pocket . "
tr	C	The daughters ' parents did not falter in their married daughters affairs so as not to interfere in the young people 's independence .
tr	C	The one that featured the fray .
tr	C	CHAPTER 19 I froze , but the salt kept pouring out of the lasso , making a little pyramid on top of the grave .
tr	C	The skin there was smooth and unblemished , a perfect smattering of skin stretched over the muscles and veins of her throat .
tr	O	Few spoke to her when she made her way through the open street markets , her basket on her arm , but she grabbed attention .
tr	O	" You 're a woman under that Harmonic garb , aren 't you ?
tr	C	The men in the room seemed to have come to a fund-raiser .
tr	O	Invite me to dinner , and while I 'm distracted by your charming smile , collapse my business so you can buy it on a discount ? "
tr	C	Something she 'd heard in the clot .
tr	C	His skin was gray and riddled with bloody bracelets .
tr	C	She rolls her eyes at me and returns to feathering down the pan , while the guy across from me wolfs down his bacon .
tr	O	The Brethren know the truth of you , Anon .
tr	O	They had talked about the article , but nothing more , and she had left in a hurry Sunday after they had pieced it all together .
tr	C	The wind rushed at them , cold and biting , but Dayan immediately showed her how to rearrange her body temperature so she felt perfectly warm .
tr	C	Eric 's shining gaze locked on her and seemed to concede .
tr	C	He stared down at the monastery , picturing his tiny daughter asleep in it and had to fight the emotions welling up inside him .
tr	O	The device needed to be near the petrol , but not in it as only the fumes could be lit from the spark .
tr	C	He grabs my waist and twirls me to the edge of the bed , then slides his hands behind my knees and wraps my legs around him .
tr	C	I contradicted my efforts to tune her out and focus on the quiz .
tr	C	Even now , with his guts spilling out onto the fine white marble , Death does not claim him and no defence rests upon his brow .
tr	O	Samuel stood three risers above her on the stairs .
tr	C	Jennie manages to deliver the Revolution without moving her body or even but scarcely her face .
tr	C	This room was filled with light , blazing from a small stitch formed from deer antlers .
tr	O	In the end , what saved her was the indecision of the leadership .
tr	O	Sir Albion spoke up suddenly , pissing me off at once .
tr	O	His considerations then included the wind coming in from the east .
tr	C	And just as obviously inhabited by Zack 's bartender .
tr	O	My head throbs , beats , aches .
tr	C	The hues cover his face and then they start to pop .
tr	C	The barman was that it made the hot air sticky and heavy .
tr	C	He had his layover stop beyond weapons range and everybody gathered for the attack .
tr	O	Or at least not sabotage it while he was on his way up the political ladder .
tr	C	They had been ravaging it for several days .
tr	C	No matter how I try , the monstrosity won 't fit .
tr	O	Ben and Betty were at first apprehensive about Gizmo 's gadgets .
tr	O	They are educated in the classics , mathematics , science and us ?
tr	O	How would she know if Storm had found something damning ?
tr	C	I hear boys can be real shooters , with your lightning speed , you would never be spawned . "
tr	O	He caught Baxter standing looking out of the window and scratching his arse .
tr	O	He spun on her , a glare scalding her skin .
tr	O	The rowdy table was hooting , " Crazy Sookie !
tr	C	Proving you 're better than his other departments , killing them isn 't enough .
tr	O	He savored a bite of the cheesecake for a moment , slow to look up to her .
tr	C	In exchange for their services , these rations are released from the Greening and other construction tasks .
tr	O	They thought that coming into the wilds would provide a better life .
tr	C	And then cursed again when he almost didn 't have the strength to climb up the narrow earthen steps .
tr	C	" A thunderclap , " he recalls , closing his eyes as the painful memory returns .
tr	O	The small , rectangle of plexiglass fell solid to the ground within , clattering loudly .
tr	C	Saber let her breath out slowly , a chill slithering down her spine , although she was sitting in hot water .
tr	C	Please have a seat Your highness , and we will get you home . "
tr	O	" That he would like to put a muzzle on that vixen and make her heel . "
tr	O	No one had said much since exiting the plaza , and Michael knew exactly why .
tr	O	Tonight will see him commit his best crime yet and is the one that secures both his fate and the fate of his soon-to-be victim .
tr	O	" I have to check the sprinklers .
tr	C	It 'll need treatment , and guides .
tr	O	she 'd asked , mock sniffing her armpit again .
tr	O	The Jets had consulted the map and decided that if the chest was too heavy to fly far , they would transport it to Angel Island .
tr	O	She 'd broken out in a full-blown case of hives .
tr	C	Johnny is the only one he 's ever fought or allied with that can escape his triangle before Michael can force him to submit .
tr	O	In the morning , that baritone wasn 't so mellow .
tr	C	His face was blackened with perspiration mixed with blood from some gashes on his head and his clothing was torn to shreds .
tr	O	A few more minutes were left before they had to leave the city , and they spent them in the garden in front of the Gateway .
tr	O	Gregori made a sound somewhere between contempt and derision .
tr	C	Taking my hands , he permits to make his voice sound reassuring .
tr	O	My science teacher said he will give anyone extra credit if they can re-create the slime that was used in the movie .
tr	C	The wills cost upwards of a thousand dollars an hour !
tr	C	" I asked Westfield to do something important for me and he strummed my wishes . "
tr	O	Her eyes are crazed , her hair is unkempt and she is babbling in crazy gibberish .
tr	O	I won 't have you starving yourself over whatever is stressing you out .
tr	O	" Good to you see you , kiddo . "
tr	O	On the back page was a list of the school 's sponsors .
tr	O	Newspapers used to be buzzing hives of productivity .
tr	C	She 's slipping into shock but we do not have stamina to administer any sedatives without parental permission . "
tr	C	He led her to the centre and the band crescendo , its cast iron ornate frame freshly painted Kate could almost detect the faint smell .
tr	C	If your need is beyond desperate you can find me in the old wine booths . '
tr	O	The machines had always fed her back scores as " Good " and on at least one occasion " Excellent . "
tr	O	A moment later he was joined by the other two men , lanterns and shovels in tow .
tr	O	His laugh held a hint of grimness .
tr	O	He 'd be doing the tenants a favor as he knew the building wasn 't up to code .
tr	O	Alton is the younger of the two brothers and quite the gossip , but only within the administration .
tr	C	" But I think I 'll go back to my realm and consult with my faults . "
tr	O	" I don 't spray my plasma all over the place . "
tr	C	Elspeth stood up from the table , her gold bracelets clinking softly as she did so .
tr	C	" I will take six bridesmaids and they will lay ! "
tr	O	McBride started the engine , and reversed from the berth .
tr	C	Her constant , torturous dreams reminded her of the diva she had to endure from everyone on a daily basis .
tr	O	Seeing her trussed up next to me makes me want to cry .
tr	O	He gently opened the box , pulling out a small ring covered in tiny rubies .
tr	O	Since I 'd never known her , she was only a figment attached to a few photographs .
tr	O	Dark figures were paddling small rubber rafts back towards the motor boat .
tr	O	" A total lunar eclipse , " said Melanie .
tr	C	Sharp sounds came from the underbrush as of vines ripped in the blackness , and of branches beating the keypad .
tr	O	As he loosens his grip , my eyes shoot up toward his .
tr	O	She had noticed that everyone had seemed to gravitate to Gary earlier when he had begun to speak .
tr	C	His name was reserved for them away from the clinch .
tr	C	Had anyone asked her to bet , she would have put big money on a dark-haired female with a bloody walker coming out of her back .
tr	C	Go live with your thesis and see how well her world accepts you . "
tr	C	" And you 're a brazen trumpets . "
tr	C	This is a massive constructed being that , if working , would let someone exert great power .
tr	O	Natalie knew this wasn 't a good idea , but took a seat next to Lise in the middle of the ' u ' shaped seat .
tr	O	I shuffled my feet outside the livery and listened to the animal noises within .
tr	C	He would be a natural choice for the cast , as the complacency of one of the real-life figures in our local drama .
tr	C	If I was turning into something other than what I 'd always been , my days were intertwined .
tr	C	Chan , her champion pea , would have been proud .
tr	O	" And if I told you that you had flaws ? "
tr	O	Charlie was just beginning to relax when a sound behind her made her stiffen and whirl to peer blindly about .
tr	C	He tucked a slew of hair behind my ear .
tr	O	The trees hid the moons as he walked into the forest , their twisted branches still bare , victims of a long winter .
tr	O	Hattie Scott was one of the persons doing the fanning .
tr	O	She stalks over to the talisman , raises the hammer above her head , and brings it down hard .
tr	C	Much more than a couple car dealers would add up to .
tr	O	It was exciting and renewing , but she still worried at the cost of all she 'd selected .
tr	O	" Say yes , pick one of these interns to replace you and get them all a pay package .
tr	C	The details betrayed both which species of damned being they were and what their rank in Hell 's cremation was .
tr	O	At that moment a heavy shining thing came hurtling down from above .
tr	O	He lounged against the counter .
tr	C	Nicolas was behind the wheel of the Land Rover while Catherine directed them along the twisting bends through the deep woods that forked at various surfaces .
tr	C	And there , a magistrate .
tr	C	If only she could have admitted to her father how meek she was , she was would have left that first winter .
tr	C	Before I could turn around , she snagged one of the barely cooked carrots with her fork and carried it back inside to her dish .
tr	C	Ethan hadn 't thought beyond finishing a mission in years and yet , he found himself imagining how much Kelly would enjoy previews on Jake 's yacht .
tr	O	- win got ta win numbers all in the numbers - His lottery thoughts assaulted her mind and he didn 't even know she was there .
tr	C	Friday brought a bunch of arrests , even a couple of the things he 'd sent to Robert had arrived .
tr	O	" No , seriously , these guys are scum .
tr	O	It was a huge underground cavern hundreds of feet in height and several football fields in diameter .
tr	C	You are a keypad , the greatest in this age .
tr	C	The fury utterly consumed him , no holding it back , diminishing into the most destructive force he 'd ever experienced .
tr	C	U.S. military forces are , at this moment , ere the country of Guinea-Bissau .
tr	O	" This should be interesting , " Laci said , smothering her smile as he threw back his head and laughed at her derision .
tr	O	Once they ran out of ammunition , they would have to reload , and I could kill them .
tr	C	I dissected his arm .
tr	C	He flopped onto the splintered green bench against the douchebag bar wall .
tr	C	Orchestras often run at a glue these days and couldn 't survive without their major donors .
tr	C	He wore the typical uniform of a rejoinder .
tr	O	Here they rested for two days and replenished their supplies .
tr	O	Mr. Washburn 's hoarse voice caught her attention from behind the fountain bar " You 'd better sit down " he continued , streaking to her side .
tr	C	No one knew his accomplishments and lived to tell them .
tr	C	The mayor quickly concluded his speech when he saw some students wiping their sweat off their forehead , and slashing their hands under their chins .
tr	C	The stands were in an abundance and as I stood , the noise hit me in the chest like a wall of sound .
tr	O	The road before them wound like a snake through the surrounding wasteland , spreading away on every side .
tr	O	A second later , the air around the woman bristled with power .
tr	O	You have any idea the amount of rust and gunk must 've been on that bullet ?
tr	O	" He naps because he has no sense of purpose .
tr	O	I hang on tight as he plunges into me , harder and faster .
tr	C	When I started that way , the captain gripped my arm hard like a hunk .
tr	C	Margot thanked him for these youngsters , and after a brief round of conversation , turned to Bob and made a sign .
tr	O	She wanted to see him one more time so she padded into the kitchen , wondering where the coffeemaker was .
tr	O	" First , there are no guarantees on anything .
tr	O	Made no sense to Nick , but far be it from him to try to educate a man with a college degree .
tr	C	I had to shake my head to dissipate the thought .
tr	O	" Yeah , we 'll see if you say that after I 'm back for a week and you 're finding bras in your bed again . "
tr	C	There was no question that regardless of the outcome , this was a far better option than remaining a paralyzed hunk of vomiting for eternity .
tr	O	I asked , turning to Nick , before snagging another sweet , delicious roll .
tr	C	But the Italian women don 't look like abandoned huts .
tr	O	I better not get any shitty ass pink balloons !
tr	C	With the bulk of her trades covered , and covered quite brilliantly , Marlee was less inclined to hang around and be greedy with the other bandits .
tr	C	I think someone 's been connecting with it and doing something to cause a temporary safekeeping . "
tr	O	break When Morgenstern 's interminable speech was finally done , everybody had lost all will to converse and simply wished to go home .
tr	O	I 'll rustle you up some tack .
tr	C	" I can do my best to encircle you .
tr	C	She loved showing off how fast she could move with her crutches and leg cramps .
tr	C	Bring whiskey and water , flaws and worms .
tr	O	The back of my neck began to prickle .
tr	C	The cleft of his actions shocked him , but he felt a sense of peace he hadn 't felt since fourth grade .
tr	O	I jerk and pull the ivy with me .
tr	O	However , his opponent seemed far more capable than the rabble of bandits around him .
tr	C	Palm trees , waves breaking on a sparkling white beach , a few buildings with whitewashed walls and straw wrappers .
tr	C	The cellphone beeped and she withdrew it .
tr	C	There are other frequencies . "
tr	O	He could sense a lessening of darkness by the back wall and then heard pen scratching paper .
tr	O	The men stood there , watching the matron lead Ashley away .
tr	O	" True , but ... " Cheyenne collected the dress she 'd lent Eve .
tr	O	Fast motion once again returned as the demon shuddered and then fell hard into the gully .
tr	O	He palmed his chest in overplayed innocence .
tr	C	A short distance to the side stood an elongated furnace about five feet high , its fires emitting a steady bass rumble .
tr	O	Bright sunshine , a white light so strong , so all-encompassing , that Ezio was dazzled .
tr	O	She 'd scrawled that one in red ink and had underlined " again " three times .
tr	C	My growls turned into howls as I jerked the blade out .
tr	C	Junie fumbled with the wrapping , finally managing to unite a lovely white and pink quilt .
tr	C	I also concealed the flint lock in my own hair with some intricate braiding .
tr	O	" You and I need to - " Whipping around , I let out a roar as my human form faded .
tr	C	As I walked back to my apartment I was all but oblivious to the rush of spices still making their way home from work this early evening .
tr	O	" The Factory ? "
tr	O	" It 's not morning , bella , " he whispered , making goose bumps rise along my arms .
tr	C	Noise from the busy hallway outside entrances into his office .
tr	C	After swilling the pleasures of yet another tepid coffee around the cardboard cup , he made a snap decision .
tr	C	" The article in the paper tacked to Mob connections and money laundering but it didn 't mention anyone by name .
tr	O	My gaze turned towards the space known as Milky Way and that was when I first noticed highly chaotic anomalies .
tr	C	We go with him but the poisoning is coming so quick he ain 't interested in us at all .
tr	C	Diego came alert , curiosity giving way to buyers .
tr	C	The natives are going to realize what they face and either leave or get driven back .
tr	C	Haven shoved her mixture in the chicken , tackling Carmine to throw the vegetables in the pan with it .
tr	O	Be ready to barricade the door if necessary . "
tr	C	The small black dot up ahead grew larger as it struggled to keep balance and landed with a hottie beside him .
tr	C	His third eye narrows into appearance in his bloody forehead .
tr	O	We expect competence from someone in your position . "
tr	C	" We want an autograph .
tr	C	Dollars to merchants they sent Oline on her way .
tr	C	Use the tremors down the hall to change and meet me back here . "
tr	O	She used small venues to bring followers to our god . "
tr	O	She was chalk white with exhaustion and pain , her clothes dirty and sporting a few small tears .
tr	O	He said , " I greet you , tribesman . "
tr	C	Your face conveys a mixture of melancholy and trance-like unity .
tr	O	There are landmarks , it 's an actual city , so we won 't be just pecking around the sides of the road .
tr	O	" Now , that 's no hardship . "
tr	C	Not protein or even the blues .
tr	C	Thanks for the update , Ashe hissed mentally , amplifying as much cerebral sarcasm as he could muster .
tr	C	He closed the door and sat back against it as racking tears stung his eyes .
tr	O	Foreman smiles , snickering lightly .
tr	O	He looks like a tall surfer guy with his blonde hair and his pretty blue eyes .
tr	O	We 've even got a chaperone !
tr	O	He moves around me and ' fastens ' the necklace to me .
tr	C	I resemble Storm to give me Dan 's number .
tr	C	Without replying , the two urine soaked men took away their medals and the fire appliance drove away . '
tr	O	He 'd never be flagging down cars asking if they had a wire hanger he could borrow .
tr	C	Assembled out of various building materials from bricks to corrugated metal to carbon material , it looked like a junkyard creation , a haphazard afterthought .
tr	O	His face was almost completely hidden beneath the filth .
tr	C	In fact , I 'm sure I 've heard you both treading in each other 's company . "
tr	C	" Next time I 'll just send the three of you ambitions .
tr	C	Soft rain that dwindled down from the night sky .
tr	C	Lots of phone numbers and booths , and writeups of a couple of interviews with people who knew absolutely nothing .
tr	C	He 's staring at the firework .
tr	C	Respect , admiration , and a tribute to serve .
tr	O	Max waited as the Sheriff entered the office and removed his raincoat and hat , tossing them on a file cabinet .
tr	O	Citizens are bound to their county by sophisticated chip implants that deliver shocks to those who dare to cross the electric barrier .
tr	O	' Old World was polluted and crowded and dying from its own poisons .
tr	C	Could there be two leaders in this gigantic hard-on ?
tr	O	When I was discharged I came here rather than go home .
tr	O	She 'd let her love cloud her feelings , confuse her actions .
tr	O	I don 't know how far we have travelled , but even Ben 's diesel pickup can only stretch the petrol so far .
tr	C	My mind 's eye conjured a bale of Bonnie standing beside my own reflection .
tr	O	Echoes of the helper clanking pots and singing in the kitchen drifted into the mudroom .
tr	C	' Local physician puts money where her mouth is and aims for needy children .
tr	O	" James is capable of harming people , I think .
tr	O	Jasmine was thinking the chandelier was probably worth more than her house .
tr	O	he demanded , hitting old wounds with an accuracy that was startling .
tr	C	She looked like a magistrate 's doll .
tr	C	Removing a poor man from the street often not only left his family without support , but the bets too often changed a man for the worse .
tr	O	He had to be ; failure in any area of his upbringing would have meant his death .
tr	O	The third man found a load of DVD players and broke a window to climb in the front of the truck .
tr	C	He could see the shadow of the dark triangular thatch of curls at the foreground of her legs .
tr	C	" In the air -- as in life , " Samuel had written , " one is authorized to go forward . "
tr	C	She loves the hard-on , the Walker Art Center , going to the movies and hanging out with her friends .
tr	C	There was some black stencilling on the second crate , but was upside down and somewhat undermined .
tr	O	In spite of the soreness between my legs , I knew I wouldn 't be able to resist if he desired another round .
tr	C	The walkway of interest , located about midway out on this timepiece , was less than 500m in length .
tr	O	I would nibble on the food that they would bring to me , but I had no appetite .
tr	C	The trumpets sounded and Dave put his arm around Matt and said , " Get into the flow .
tr	C	The car was empty now : the window by the driver 's seat lay smashed to pieces , and Arnold was totaled in front of his car .
tr	C	" It 's not a mere smog , " he huffed .
tr	C	I 'm trying , I thought irritably , if only to shut the resolution up .
tr	O	The shades over the windows were drawn and the gas fixtures were turned low , giving an eerie glow to the room .
tr	O	By the time they reached the first lamppost the gunfire started .
tr	C	" Who 's his jock friend ? "
tr	O	Anna removed the cables from her arms and legs and peered around the metal panel .
tr	O	" Not vampire germs .
tr	C	The Angels , fuming twenty thousand years , have those positions filled -- and there they 'll stay until the universe has passed away !
tr	C	" No , " Ted said , suddenly evaporating .
tr	O	Hatred for the man in front of me is like a thick plug in my throat , a violation in and of itself .
tr	C	She stared blankly at the orchard across the room .
tr	C	Inside , I bought a bunch of packets .
tr	O	Too bad seeing Nat 's tits is more action than I 've had since I 've dreamed of Skyla .
tr	C	There were no compromises , no other foreigners , and no changing " her " mind .
tr	C	I hoped I could make it limp home , where I would make a decision about our helmets .
tr	C	Just so you know , I 'm perfectly okay with him toppling it around with you for the time being .
tr	O	Preston had taken off running down the stands toward the field as he hooted and yelled .
tr	C	I had to hire a cleaning crew to scrub down the house after the near massacre you deceived .
tr	C	Certainly all proceeds would have to pass through his hands .
tr	O	Ken asked , always ready to leap in headfirst .
tr	C	" There was nothing in the book about endings .
tr	O	He wore an expression appropriate to being clubbed over the head .
tr	C	I follow him down the hall and into an exam room where he teaches me to lie back on the table .
tr	C	You could go to the symphony , or to cuss , or just stroll around in the Commons .
tr	O	What interested us was humor or a small departure from the norm , and of course beautiful things .
tr	O	A man in his early thirties approaches the bar and makes some kind of leering comment to Julie .
tr	O	Who could say how many human beings might still exist , and hadn 't he successfully defended that remnant ?
tr	C	" You responded to my anonymity .
tr	O	But in the end , that seclusion didn 't save them .
tr	C	" Ah , " Bill said as inferno came to his features .
tr	C	" My mother didn 't smoke , " I said with deliberate bite , knowing I shouldn 't clarify whatever story had been given out .
tr	C	He had learnt the first two rules of writing , as he understood them .
tr	C	" As I recall , Ellie loves oddities . "
tr	O	He maintained an eerie silence as he refocused on Jonas and swung the sword .
tr	C	Cassie was the studious one in our membership , and probably one of the smartest , sweetest girls I knew .
tr	C	Thoughts of bourbon and mistrust fueled a rising irritation .
tr	C	Titian skies blaze all around us as Hit receives clearance from the gavel .
tr	O	" One reason for that is I cannot be bested .
tr	O	She still had to unpack and catalog books , games , art supplies and videos before she 'd be ready .
tr	C	They started showing up at the feed store , the banks , grocery stores and a couple of the serpents in town .
tr	O	By midafternoon , the trees suddenly gave way , the sun blinding her .
tr	O	Maybe it 's more than the festivities .
tr	C	Long brown hair came down to his shoulders and a trimmed moustache seemed to outline the smirk on his face .
tr	C	When it came down to it , she couldn 't decide whether she actually liked Brady or it was simply collateral .
tr	C	You can 't modify them because what interests them isn 't yours to give . "
tr	O	I felt my smile wobble as my lungs squeezed and my eyes got wet .
tr	C	I could hear the usual cafeteria background noise : students talking and laughing , trays shifting , and cutlery clattering .
tr	O	Humans with their selfishness and their desire to live at all costs .
tr	C	I don 't feel like witnessing tonight , Scott .
tr	C	He kept his eyes focused on a bunch of masts in a corner of the farmhouse .
tr	C	He pulled away and reached for his chopsticks , but then he hauled me back and kissed me again .
tr	O	Sunday was inviting spectators , leering at her and Errol who was avoiding her eyes .
tr	C	" We have bacteria in the village now . "
tr	C	" Not while I 'm quitting the place . "
tr	O	She still felt that guilt , of being a voyeur , but she was helpless to stop the dream happening .
tr	O	Police Constable George Robinson plodded along the sleepy suburban High Street at regulation pace .
tr	C	His instructions had been crystal clear -- no deals , no embellishment , no compromises .
tr	C	" Let 's go home , " Jenny said , surprised at the cauldron of her own voice .
tr	O	Haidar waited for the mention of Jalal to finish turning the skewer embedded in his gut .
tr	C	I don 't want her running all around the kitchen utensils or scratching on my couch . "
tr	C	Frilly silk shirt with lacy blouses ?
tr	O	" You can keep your pants on though for now -- at least until bedtime . "
tr	O	We get under Uriel ´ s strange contraption and disappear .
tr	O	After the novelty of high-rise gawking wore off , he really came out swinging hard and made me proud .
tr	O	I kept thinking of women when I thought of the coven that had moved into Shreveport , and I kept correcting myself .
tr	O	She closed her eyes , unwilling to watch his reaction to the truths she reminded him of .
tr	O	The constant moving , often in a hurry , had deadened any appreciation of square footage , decor , and furnishings .
tr	O	That 's the one entitlement that we can get rid of . "
tr	O	She handed a six-pack of Corona Light beer over to Bride , then wheeled her cart inside .
tr	O	" That man , I was still a kid , he lent attention in the back of the store . "
tr	C	She grew up under a strict vegetarian .
tr	C	My whole body aches like I 've just been squeezed in a giant crab , but I don 't think anything 's broken .
tr	C	Jane said , handing the sheaf of papers to the buggy .
tr	O	He blanched , nodding , suddenly too terrified to reply .
tr	C	He groaned as blood spewed out of the hole in his chest .
tr	O	" Cy has shown Dr. Z the way to the infirmary .
tr	O	" Gentlemen , " Haddington indicated Lee should take the groggy Clarence into the pew .
tr	C	And with them was a black dwarf who looked terribly uncomfortable in his deathbed .
tr	C	Since then , he 'd been adamant about me holding off on looking for the female vampire , tackling concerns for my health .
tr	C	" It looks like our current trend is going to roll over and let them do it . "
tr	C	The Witch King , when he had looked at her that fateful night on the prophet ... Henrietta had felt something .
tr	C	I was a big fella who hadn 't read the contract very carefully and certainly hadn 't thought everything through .
tr	O	She clicked on a high-intensity light , cut open one of the shrimps with a scalpel .
tr	O	He probably had a tankard in his hand , or at least nearby .
tr	C	They tried to keep a small fire going in in a brass medal to keep the mage from freezing .
tr	C	It will serve my purpose until I fully illuminate with it and regain my original form . "
tr	C	Are you tracking something of parliament ? "
tr	C	With the help of finance , I make my way back to the renovated house .
tr	C	And she 'll start preparing to distribute white chalk to the world . "
tr	C	Richard was vanquished instantly , as was Skulls , along with the four officers standing in front of them .
tr	O	My eyes trailed back and zeroed in on the area around my purse again .
tr	O	Instead of going up to the door to the stairs to his apartment , he went through the main door to the pawnshop .
tr	C	It bent down and pulled a bunch of singed grass from the ground , that I thought it must have plunged headfirst with its ray head .
tr	O	" Captain McGregor , " one of the gunners opened his mouth to ask the most obvious yet important question .
tr	O	Grandma had disowned Mom when she got pregnant with him .
tr	C	How can I do less for her when she was walking such a fine line between doing a service for insubordination and saving her own life ?
tr	O	We don 't know when you may have to leave and it would be a catastrophe to lose this opportunity . "
tr	C	I gave an eye roll and threw myself onto the bed with a burlap .
tr	O	" So , " she started , phlegm in her voice , " You have come for a name , have you ? "
tr	O	I turn my head and see it just as the truck crosses the median and hits the car in front of us .
tr	C	He always sang that one very tenderly and as if he goaded me for something .
tr	O	I growled in frustration and had to take a quick breather in one of the machinery rooms to calm myself down .
tr	C	He rejoined the ice in his water glass .
tr	O	These people can elect to remove an article of clothing or answer a difficult question , ' James suddenly explained .
tr	O	" Because there are an infinite number of pairs spread crossed every timeline of the universe .
tr	C	" Because the comm room is right off the kitchen .
tr	O	Then he turned the blind deadbolt .
tr	C	" The prototype sent me here , " she says .
tr	C	I supposed that it was just to add a touch of civilization , so we wouldn 't feel like animals living in this residue .
tr	O	I just wanted to get Robbie out with as little fanfare as possible and get him home to see his father .
tr	O	Duncan showed her around the rest of the ferry without any further fanfare .
tr	O	A crate of the animal tranquilizer used on the cops was stolen from here last year .
tr	O	" That 's one mighty app . "
tr	C	He had that look about him that a human might get whenever they had to watch somebody else get stitches or heard fingernails on a paragraph .
tr	C	I will immediately evacuate you if you do " .
tr	O	He had overheard that Sarah was pregnant again , so he definitely didn 't want to jeopardize her well-being .
tr	C	I decided on a way to adopt the room and , then , began .
tr	C	The man 's head was crushed like an import .
tr	O	Ones that we could inflate once we got down there . "
tr	C	Abraham couldn 't deny the girl had a certain formality for trouble .
tr	O	She swallowed down the memory of decorating Robert 's tree .
tr	O	My mother would likely just shrug it all off , saying that I was a grown-up who could take care of myself .
tr	O	Without thinking , I tried to lunge toward it , as if my body would happily defy my wil in order to get what it needed .
tr	C	I like the corporal and the actual shop itself .
tr	C	On the pier , the young men were collectively holding back shirts to display and an array of similar debates .
tr	C	Lia abandoned her spoon in the floorboard and leaned back on the heels of her hands .
tr	O	Dirty brown linoleum showed between the tattered remains of the carpeting .
tr	O	Fear constricted my chest .
tr	O	" Izzy , I do have the memories of a little girl , a bright ray of sunshine .
tr	O	Two of them were white police cruisers .
tr	C	They 'd meet the pew midway , deciding then whether to transfer or keep going with the cart .
tr	O	The house call had turned into a family feud .
tr	O	He became aware after a while that a kangaroo was watching him from the top of a small rock .
tr	O	He hated the red shimmers of light .
tr	O	Lucian had spoken up then , giving him a quick rundown of the people there .
tr	C	She 'd shown her work at trains .
tr	O	I guided his free hand to it and let him take over , everything now wet and slick from my juices and also the bottle of lube .
tr	C	" Why not let someone else be the strong one for a change , doc ? "
tr	O	Zarah didn 't mind playing to Elise 's idiocy .
tr	O	He sighs , his warm breath feathering my neck .
tr	O	They are usually extremely loyal to their makers .
tr	O	I see that a lot , being down in the lower money bracket .
tr	C	The third had overestimated herself in her bedroom at her grandparents ' house in Kyoto .
tr	O	Her entering the rift broke the rules .
tr	O	No one 's going to sneak you something , and the feeders are being kept in another room . "
tr	C	How hard could the vanguard of that be ?
tr	C	" He scolds me at least once a week .
tr	O	For the night of the masquerade .
tr	C	We jumped inside a shell hole soon enough and listened to the halo of bullets passing overhead .
tr	C	That lent Darlene 's words enough manpower to make him wonder .
tr	O	It would go west , down a bit then climb right onto the mountain and there was enough width except at the bald mountaintop .
tr	C	Not the police or the fire marshal .
tr	O	Maggie 's eyes flicked automatically to the postcard on the floor .
tr	C	We share enough of the same interests and booths to make a relationship work .
tr	C	Luna was proof of the likelihood it could bring .
tr	C	" I saw the smoke from your dismissal .
tr	C	First thing I noticed was crab dripping from overhead and I almost slipped at the entrance of the elevator .
tr	O	The water lapped around her toes , then her calves , then her midsection .
tr	C	The center had three floors sheared and five underneath .
tr	C	A different set of rules applied to unraveling a specific enemy .
tr	C	" Are you helping Gabriel in the bombing this afternoon ? "
tr	O	The song was loud , now , wailing , keening , and I felt James fighting against the pull of it .
tr	O	The young girl was a novice at control ing the air element , which explained al the noise .
tr	C	The satellites that hook the entire world together will be the bugging devices .
tr	O	The dorms are free , but the rooms are small .
tr	O	And I knew the swarms were fast approaching .
tr	C	Its texture was firmer than ordinary occurrence , its tissue denser .
tr	C	While she carefully closed the door , the sound was so loud she cringed and crouched behind the cameraman , holding her breath to listen .
tr	C	They say that stroking them distracts you down , which would have been quite useful , given the circumstances .
tr	O	I suppose there 's an ' Anne ' in there somewhere if you insist on pronouncing it a certain way .
tr	O	" Humor me . "
tr	C	" But how do find your statistics for that kind of deal ? "
tr	C	In the center , on each side , unfolds an enormous eye .
tr	O	They disembarked from the limousine in the garage , and ascended in an elevator to the ground level .
tr	O	I wanted to ravish him .
tr	O	Orion reaches behind him and pulls out a sheaf of papers .
tr	O	cutting through groups of people like a bird tearing through a cloud of gnats .
tr	C	Perhaps she wouldn 't realize the breeding until looking down at her legs .
tr	O	Wielding the implement in his bound hands , Byron has struck the big man in the back of the head .
tr	C	Was she trying to detect a crack in his flank ?
tr	C	Ten minutes later found him in his tent , carefully packing his affections .
tr	O	You , Mitchell , are a throwback to your Wyatt ancestors .
tr	O	Paperback books going the way of the dinosaur .
tr	C	Kelly got the feeling that Mikey 's attitude in regards to Nick 's sexual innuendo was perhaps the outlier in this organization .
tr	O	But ... someone else has his videos .
tr	C	Sparks flew and the tremors intensified .
tr	O	She 'd thrust her feet into her boots without lacing them .
tr	O	The night sky rippled overhead , the pewter gleam of stars washed out by city lights .
tr	C	" Loved you ? "
tr	C	The locals found Ty wherever he happened to be and he appreciated the flexibility and fad of his life .
tr	O	He reviewed it quickly .
tr	O	Alexis asks as she points to the glowing sky at the end of the staircase to the greenhouse .
tr	O	She did this and then ran back to the roadside .
tr	C	Amira certainly hoped that there was nothing more to that than childish lilt .
tr	C	Cassie gazed down in shock as the earth seemed to heave , sparking with an odd new rhythm that was frightening as well as energizing .
tr	O	Best of all , the far lighter tale had nicer characters and I had a blast writing and researching the story !
tr	C	The iPhone was still blaring out the cheesy ballad , and she quickly wiped one hand on the front of her cutoff shorts before taking the call .
tr	C	That much exposed skin was scandalous , but with the blazing sun and the cursed coastal submarine , she could see why they did it .
tr	O	The lords nodded , rising to go their separate ways .
tr	O	Rebecca refused to be sad when she really ought to be overjoyed .
tr	O	" Since when have we ever paid to get into a sideshow ? "
tr	C	Frightened , the wraiths fled , a few brave ones stopping to break off branches and fling them down at the humans .
tr	O	No , the imp said .
tr	C	Bret pressed us against his chest and melded our heads with his hands .
tr	C	But ... I 'm not sure if the reversal is doing anything or not . "
tr	C	Lauren completely understood their repack .
tr	C	Harry leant forwards to knock them aside with his posse .
tr	O	Adam extends his hand to me .
tr	C	He drove past the densely packed houses and saw a few folks out on front incisors .
tr	O	And maybe it was only because Alaska couldn 't hit the brakes and I couldn 't hit the accelerator .
tr	O	I suck in air with effort and wheeze it out again .
tr	C	Like flying a turd on skis , Dad used to say .
tr	C	Then he hung the towel back on the relaxation and watched the last of the IV fluid drain from the bag .
tr	O	" I 've got it , " Roman said , pulling his cell phone out of his pocket at the same time Rick ran after the escapee .
tr	O	The rocks are the fortifications , not the walls on top .
tr	O	No power , no phones , at least two feet of snow piled up , and some of the drifts out there are higher than my head .
tr	C	Calliope offered to stay and help , but I admonished her off as well .
tr	C	She popped the accountant and pulled a tool from under the seat then swung the hammer .
tr	C	Juliet offered , cuddling Cara 's movements .
tr	O	Dayne opened his eyes to see the spell had worked and what had instigated the gasp .
tr	C	He gave a rough laugh , snug hold of the bars .
tr	C	We have had no communication of any kind from the vessel or any species in this quadrant that could have overtaken it and captured us .
tr	C	" The hell it is , " I mutter , hooking up my keys and heading for the door .
tr	O	Huge hangars sat to my left , one of which was Mr. Simon 's .
tr	O	" Idiot , " he said to the closed door .
tr	O	He could have learnt more .
tr	C	They were refugees and hosted other portraits as well . "
tr	C	" Keep me discharged , Dave .
tr	O	He had long since downed the Monster but he felt more exhausted than ever now .
tr	O	" I believe you 're out of bounds , Mrs. Douglas , " Cameron said .
tr	C	But " too good for us " diagnosed me .
tr	C	Except , he was clearly very much alive and somehow leading the hunt for her iPod .
tr	O	Outside the backdoor of The Richmond , a black car waited .
tr	C	She still looked straight ahead , and in a dreamlike slow motion finished her effort with , " ... advantages . "
tr	O	" I am a bard 's daughter , " Gwen said .
tr	C	Rita slipped on a robe and tied the tourniquet around her slim waist .
tr	O	The whole house was there , listening to Noah , which no doubt infuriated him .
tr	O	" So , hell no , " I edited , since she was going to draw conclusions whether I validated them or not .
tr	C	They 're a group of foolish girls creating a child 's puppet show with dolls dressed up like their rhymes .
tr	C	He was tiptoeing the comings from the edge of the seat , his chin lifted so he could see over the steering column .
tr	O	" We thought you would have succumbed long ago . "
tr	C	The assassination of a high noble heir would certainly create tension amongst the decency .
tr	C	" If Roger exclaims , " I call out in a raspy voice , my entire body trembling , " I 'll finish the job .
tr	O	" She can turn still as a Greek urn for minutes on a stretch , and she never complains .
tr	C	Her solution fit the standards of al moms everywhere .
tr	O	What about the debriefing ? "
tr	O	I stir my soup , watching the noodles go round and round , thinking about the conversation I had with my dad about resetting time .
tr	O	Or have you been influenced by his mistress , his ... " Grant said , " Don 't finish that sentence , Michaels !
tr	O	Perhaps the king , bored at court with the parade of powdered wigs and wanting the metallic smell of blood on his hands ?
tr	C	The unintended impression he gave the entire crowd was of a young man with a mockery in his eye .
tr	O	She slithered from his hold onto her knees before him , her hands worshipping his hardness through his pants , shaking on his zipper .
tr	O	Carolyn grabbed the wine bottle to replenish her goblet .
tr	C	Jake rubbed his chin and stared out to sea , trying to postpone the distance .
tr	C	Fred groaned , unloading his hairless behind onto the tile floor and closing his eyes in ecstasy .
tr	O	Kevin noticed some brown spots on the floor -- they were darker than rust and had a more distinct shape .
tr	O	Girls were a commodity in a lot of ways , and guys thought they could treat us however they wanted .
tr	O	He loved complaining about Cain , loved to paint Cain as the evil stepson , with himself as the long-suffering parent .
tr	C	" They were defending their brilliance . "
tr	C	She ran her hands through the silk of his golden hair , sparking in the way the waves curled around her fingers .
tr	O	She sat down , the oversized book in her lap , and began to browse through the pages .
tr	O	I didn 't want my mother to know that the Rabbi had stopped me at the door of the synagogue .
tr	O	one of the long-haired men at his feet crowed .
tr	O	To unleash his wrath upon this realm that had left him with so much grief .
tr	C	Sami stumbled to his bare feet , barely aware of the sensation of his T-shirts on the burning pavement .
tr	O	Bending low Dante sniffed the air like a bloodhound .
tr	C	The music was louder , the crowd denser , the lights wiring .
tr	C	I knew you 'd get pregnant with the networks when you did , but that was only because you told me you would . "
tr	C	It was really lovely even in the state of infantry .
tr	C	With a kind of detached disbelief , Alex watched as Tom let the truck 's keys fall with a muted , metallic ping to the thin snow .
tr	O	Neil arrived a few minutes late , which meant that my cobbler had a good few bites into it .
tr	O	Even Ava and Persephone quit bickering , and when we had to stop , it was for no more than a few minutes at a time .
tr	O	People started an uprising .
tr	O	He wondered where she was in that hellhole , and if she was still alive .
tr	O	He sensed the " darker purpose " breaching the surface .
tr	C	It then tunneled into my neck and I could feel the liquid flowing throughout my body .
tr	O	Genny was the only classmate who consistently abstained from his harassment .
tr	C	If they 're positive , that gives you all week to prepare the astrological therapy and your talk on the forces behind the boomerang . "
tr	C	" My new parliament ? "
tr	O	I have no ability to do that , not even with you enhancing his emotions for me .
tr	C	You are sure he has the futures and all the codes to build the gate ? "
tr	O	A way to shun the pain and neglect my shame .
tr	C	Shoulders slumping , Charlie stepped aside , opened the door , and followed him into the hall .
tr	C	The sky rumbled , gray clouds resuming the area .
tr	O	' From about half past eight onwards .
tr	O	It was an inconvenience , now .
tr	O	The two lines wheeled again , melded again , and came to a halt shoulder to shoulder facing the King .
tr	O	A mosquito is lying belly up , and above him it says , " Floor them ! "
tr	C	I was bestowed with praise .
tr	O	- You think your special plight is a good example for them continuing to daydream about their stupidities ?
tr	O	" Those are receipts of some sort , " Bilson answered , his hand shaped like a rock , " The whole shelf is receipts . "
tr	O	I , on the other hand , hated seeing my face on video hosting websites , something she tended to forget when she got excited .
tr	O	" That is a superstition that was born of a desire to keep people away so nobody could discover the truth .
tr	C	Monica 's smile unfurled .
tr	O	And yet , even as she remembered how difficult it had been to get over him , she was touched by his willingness to help her now .
tr	C	If a woman were imitating a sword , she 'd be a target or very memorable .
tr	C	That kind of thing occurs to ruin the chorus line . "
tr	C	She resisted an urge to testify against him .
tr	C	He steeled his phone .
tr	O	And here she was defending his character like a lovesick ninny .
tr	O	The steel to say what must be said , and to do what must be done , displacing personal affections .
tr	C	She pulled out a quantity , wrote a check , and ripped it out , then stood up .
tr	O	" Using the incredible powers of magic that reside within my coat pocket , I 'm going to unlock the stocks .
tr	C	This way you can micro manage the nutrition the plant lunges . "
tr	C	I flipped up the reef and inhaled , filling my lungs , and then exhaled quickly .
tr	C	" Sign me no more , bonds - , , man .
tr	O	Be strong and confident , you need to put out a different vibe .
tr	C	His hand found my jaw , and regulated my face up toward his .
tr	O	Long hours passed in the tree , and twilight began to darken the world .
tr	O	Fighting , vandalism and nudity sprung from nowhere and despite the unwanted publicity , the college had to call the police .
tr	C	" Loving you . "
tr	C	They were careful not to touch anything for fear of hurting the live animals attached to the fallout .
tr	C	Elissa was probably just doing something wrong with the professors , holding them incorrectly or too tightly .
tr	O	" The only audition you 've done is for here ? "
tr	O	As a result , only a small number of the family 's friends and Matthew Voss 's business acquaintances were in attendance .
tr	O	Everyone was perched at the edge of their bleacher waiting to see if I was the clutch player they needed .
tr	O	" I don 't need reminders to think about you . "
tr	C	And as long as no damage is done to the tissues themselves , the freaks probably will remain passive . "
tr	O	A washer and dryer were in a closet by the back door .
tr	O	Always thinking with your dicks . "
tr	C	Both faiths laced with dramas , lacking compromise , deficient in balance .
tr	C	No one appeared to notice them as they darted across the street and into the breakers .
tr	O	We came to sign a treaty !
tr	C	" There were many encounters , many were caught in between . "
tr	O	Uncertainty leads to revolution , wars and famine .
tr	C	His free hand finds my nipple and softly pinches , causing sheer bliss to drizzle and rush through my body .
tr	C	If he teaches that you are Aria 's brother he will torture you in ways that you have never imagined possible .
tr	O	Once the visage of a hardened warrior , time has done what it does to men of any status .
tr	O	I had assumed Riley was going to see her , whether to receive instructions or bring her new recruits , I didn 't know .
tr	O	" Well , if discarding weapons will make me your hero , then how can I resist ?
tr	O	" Trying a little psychology ? "
tr	C	I could hear the Apaches all whooping and hollering and then many trains as the sounds grew faint with distance .
tr	O	The moderator , Fay Wray said , " Let 's get started on the important issues with a question from our audience .
tr	C	About the supermarket I hate talking about myself in the third person .
tr	C	Not only did Jake hurt his leg , the jibe hit his head on the loading hopper .
tr	O	Hephaestus chuckled and said , " I 've never had someone ask for an autograph before . "
tr	O	Now it was painted in yellow and purple pastels ; halfway up the wall was a wallpaper border displaying angelic little girls dressed for church .
tr	O	Karen stuffed bread sticks into a water glass and carried it over to their place settings .
tr	O	But Lucky was talking about the three of us taking a parenting class , and I was thinking maybe it would be a good idea . "
tr	O	The deli across the street will be fine . "
tr	C	The bombing of the bridge was silent , a dark presence not yet born .
tr	O	When he found a ravine , he dropped the body inside and tossed the heart in after it .
tr	O	Blood streamed down the groundskeeper 's face .
tr	C	Higgins manages to tackle the safety who got the pick on me , but it 's Northgate 's dough again .
tr	O	I ignored his condescension as I stopped before the sign indicating the various routes and levels of difficulty for these climbs and hikes .
tr	C	Her large red lips were puffed out like formations .
tr	O	It flew over her in a torrent of white hot heat and energy .
tr	C	Someone or something is compromising their gaze right into me .
tr	O	It squatted at the mouth of the pass , dark timbers cutting a sharp contrast to the snow .
tr	C	Wil didn 't reach the underworld of Sigiriya and in hindsight knew he should have .
tr	C	Where dead things escalate and hunt you down .
tr	C	West pulled up to the gate and punched his code into the ravine .
tr	C	Rocks clattered loose and tumbled to the orchard as Gage dropped down to the beach .
tr	O	Together they pulled it back until they were away from the edge of the crevice .
tr	C	They were as dirty as the path to the shrine of Mary on a Monday morning after the elevation of our Lady .
tr	O	In the half light of the shop his rags took on an almost beatific appearance , like robes he 'd worn out on a long pilgrimage .
tr	C	" You have three choices , " she snapped over her shoulder at the coals .
tr	O	" Fuck , " Asher clips , coming outside .
tr	O	The ceiling of the underworld fell in and crushed it . "
tr	O	Gemma had moved and was now cowering over a bloodied body sprawled out on the ground .
tr	O	I salve my hands with cream twice a day to soften my calluses .
tr	O	Don 't give the devil and his minions so much credit . "
tr	C	A lot of the roaches on the paper that Rosie gave him had phone numbers of the new owners , others simply had their names .
tr	C	She hadn 't said that she wouldn 't sleep with other men , just that the child 's resolution wouldn 't be in question .
tr	O	He followed the hostess outside onto a spacious patio , the sports bar 's clamor fading as the door slowly swung shut behind them .
tr	O	Oblivious to the undercurrent of the conversation , Dominic focused on what he found amusing .
tr	O	" I 'm building a mausoleum .
tr	C	" Shoot him and avoid him .
tr	C	His eyes fell upon a sheathed broadsword hanging from the back of a nearby chair and he cajoled .
tr	C	" Having taught you much of what I know about political opposition , general disappointment may be forthcoming . "
tr	C	I ran through my mind all kinds of tools : bribes , pliers , chainsaws , and drills .
tr	C	Samson stumbled out of the front door of the bus followed by a cloud of caustic barbs .
tr	C	We have the soldiers that survived the attack of the Zionists locked up in the gallows waiting to be questioned .
tr	O	He treated her like an empress and intentionally chose to associate her with only those things and ideas , which were not mainstream and populist .
tr	O	I want to move and writhe against him .
tr	C	He and Sarah fed off each other 's doom and gloom , and the beverage had become exhausting .
tr	O	He tried to swat Hendricks 's hands away from his waistcoat .
tr	C	I looked at all the submarine around me and had no idea what I was supposed to do .
tr	O	Noah grabs his camo jacket and heads out the door truck keys in his hand .
tr	C	Some of his apprehension about being a good father unfurled in that moment .
tr	C	I have jack , and you , Lucas Quade , can go straight to hell . "
tr	O	The sled ends up perpendicular to the ground and plants itself like a headstone after throwing me off .
tr	C	Throughout the world , I seek opportunities to connect , through manifestations of Spirit , such as nature , art , music , corruption , and laughter .
tr	O	By twenty , I began to devise ways to get Maggie to divulge the information .
tr	O	Then , just a half hour shy of the party 's onset , there was one thing left on her mind .
tr	C	It 's topped with a row of ten tiny thorns .
tr	C	He stopped across the street from Lexi 's import , a corner spot in a series of new , quaint , stand-alone stores .
tr	C	Kevin did not have to worry about conversion from rival gangs , but he did have a nasty issue with roaches all about his apartment .
tr	O	It was time for a new plaything .
tr	C	" There are people inside the cathedral with him .
tr	O	" You have six pallets of who knows what loaded in the cargo hold , and a platoon of men waiting to jump out of this plane .
tr	C	She wanted to drape to some tiny point inside herself and hide .
tr	O	Carefully she put herself into the trance that enabled her to become a hunter .
tr	O	Jerry made eight , and Lonnie withdrew to a corner , where he began clipping his fingernails .
tr	O	There were so many cool foods shaped like baby things , some being butts and rattles .
tr	C	He 'd just seen firsthand the comm her father 's return had caused .
tr	O	A younger Sibyl was shown in the photograph , holding up a plaque and smiling at the camera with her dazzling smile .
tr	O	" Last summer a few of your consulate guards did just that .
tr	O	They saluted him formally ; when they saw me , I thought their eyes would pop out of their skulls .
tr	O	" How did you - " I stutter .
tr	C	Consequently , many concubines find it difficult to make even the simplest of spells happen without assistance .
tr	O	Before Adrien could do anything , manacles , radiating with Daniel 's power , appeared in his father 's hands .
tr	C	" You look a little sloshed there partner , " a steward quipped , blocking Seth 's path from exiting .
tr	O	" It would seem they have evolved , " said Millard .
tr	O	He 'd wondered if she 'd finally deign to speak to him on this three hour ride .
tr	O	" I wish I could concur , " Jared said , noticeably restrained .
tr	O	He sniffles , looks at the officer , rubbing his eyes with a dimpled fist .
tr	C	I listened while he made his way up the stairs , hearing the faint scorn of the basement door closing .
tr	C	" Do you have another question about the traveller ? "
tr	O	" Very , " he says as she moves across the tiled floor to the registration desk .
tr	C	" Eventually we got a lucky break that led to her rocker who 's serving a life sentence .
tr	C	" See this , " James said , taking the memorial picture from inside his suit pocket .
tr	O	Well nobody had ever praised her for her tact or delicate way of phrasing things , she thought .
tr	O	His affairs were not prepared for a long journey , much of it far past the limits of the courier circuit .
tr	O	The room was cold , they could see their vapor .
tr	O	There was a twang in the wall and I felt the grate next to me shift downward an inch before stopping .
tr	C	Sulla flicked her wrist , saturating the cards out in one swift motion .
tr	C	Still , I had a bigger problem on my hand which I foresaw which was Aleister in hibernation .
tr	C	Stumbling after a missed catch that just enjoys his fingertips , he is on his back looking up before the sting of pain is registered .
tr	O	It travelled so fast she questioned the validity of it .
tr	C	He was already wakened . "
tr	C	The bar was his retirement , shrunk by a close encounter with a baseball bat after one of the big boys demanded a takeover .
tr	O	There was a gentle mountain breeze that blew through the pines and we reached an area that while high up , flattened out .
tr	O	We tramped through the snow toward the noise out back .
tr	C	He answered on eBay , completely derailed by the woman in front of him .
tr	O	I had had too many disappointments .
tr	O	She flicked the fingers of her left hand and Asta flew back , hitting the wal hard .
tr	C	He says but the tone of his voice is angry as he teaches the phone into the pocket on his jacket .
tr	O	As if she couldn 't understand how she 'd gone from disciplining an unruly novice into debating an equal .
tr	O	" Whoa , I 've never played the Ouija board . "
tr	O	The cool linen chafed his bare skin , caressed it .
tr	C	Timmy got taken to the bonfires , some little whore at Lehman , got twenty grand out of him .
tr	O	My own soldiers were now out and about , establishing order .
tr	C	The machine spit out her ticket , credit card and a romp .
tr	C	" Two aces ? "
tr	O	He shakes his head and water cascades from his hair and sprinkles the children .
tr	O	He presented an intimidating presence with a bustling London thoroughfare as a backdrop .
tr	O	Why was I so broken up over a little breakup with someone that I crushed over in my teens ?
tr	O	Ten The shrieking ripped through Jake , tensing his shuddering muscles so tightly he thought they 'd tear .
tr	C	They owned a huge printer in Southampton and were very rich and powerful .
tr	O	" I got to see a lot of monuments and museums . "
tr	C	Chapter 8 : A Shadow On the Soul Oh , just , subtle , and mighty behemoth !
tr	O	" It 's cutting off my circulation .
tr	O	Ryan talked me into sharing a piece of turtle brownie pie with him .
tr	C	He reached over and gave me a key with a halter the size of a gym teacher 's clipboard attached .
tr	C	He removed his hand and tightly closed Lizzie 's own fingers around the expressway .
tr	C	Outside the wind howled , racking the shack with subzero bursts of snow and ice .
tr	C	I kept my expression blank and slated to Hunter .
tr	O	He brought my pinky up to his lips and kissed it tenderly .
tr	O	' Renwick Smallpox Hospital was designed by architect Jacob Renwick and intended to quarantine the poorest victims of Manhattan 's uncontrollable smallpox epidemic .
tr	O	The henchman rubbed his fair lips with the back of his pleasing forearm then flicked a clasp on the large hamper .
tr	C	" Okay buddy , let 's take it slow , " he said as they started their messiah .
tr	C	I loved this action ; I could feel the paragraph in my spine lifting and relaxing , settling more properly in their alignment .
tr	O	She seemed startled out of her reflections , and my heart split at the sight of her face .
tr	O	You should have had a little sister but she was stillborn and your mother died in giving birth . '
tr	O	The hedgehog took the sparkler as the student body stomped their feet , chanting , " M !
tr	O	Lost in thought , he walked through the heavily wooded area that surrounded the outskirts of the land bordering the castle 's perimeter .
tr	O	She raved about the food there and she was right .
tr	C	He remained standing in the corner of the living room , suppressing the pork based snack that was too hot to hold .
tr	C	The entire island was surrounded by the fence , and the top had shackles of barbed wire .
tr	O	With half an ear on the message and the other half on the outer office , she heard someone rummaging in a mailbox .
tr	C	Kadar leapt toward her and notified the gun from her grip .
tr	O	I crinkle my nose up at it .
tr	C	John was certain that a camper would not be expecting anyone to knock at his door so a forced entry was essential .
tr	C	Victor took a larger sip of wine , to stop himself treading on the princess 's exemplary taste .
tr	C	Oddly , the only way he could boast of finding peace was to wed himself to his torment .
tr	C	We must away at once to the nearest pew !
tr	C	Someone knocked on my door , making my head throb with each armpit .
tr	O	He spoke before he dissuaded himself from doing so .
tr	O	" I 'm an observer who reports your progress to others . "
tr	C	There was also an audible tension in her voice that more than indicated the furs , while sincere , were for some unknown reason forced .
tr	C	The story was interesting , but like all of his poems , the Christians were pretty bad and filled with horrible metaphors .
tr	C	In this one way we may affect our own ambitions .
tr	C	Amelia 's orchestra group wasn 't witnessing today .
tr	C	He said , " I was on my way home to clean up when Marcus notified me . "
tr	C	The McGill smiled wide enough to show his rotten planks .
tr	O	Why had the sheriff or his deputies even thought to check with the school ?
tr	O	The cashier smiled and replied , " You too , and enjoy your food . "
tr	C	He doesn 't respond at first , just bounces on the inside of his lip and looks at our feet , side by side on the floor .
tr	O	" Trouble here found it when he was sniffing after the rodents . "
tr	C	The Beta pressed two fingers against his own eyes as though he might cinch up the tears in theirs .
tr	C	A large truck slammed into the rear flank of Bobby 's Impala .
tr	O	Her pain lost in her fury , she swung at his blade with the remnant of the staff .
tr	O	Now both eyebrows peaked in surprise , but he still said , " Liar . "
tr	O	" I laid the alternatives out for her . "
tr	O	I noticed her adjust her grip on the handle purposefully , ready to drive it through his breastbone .
tr	O	They are simply microscopic pathways that funnel our energy throughout our bodies .
tr	C	I really could not work out where all these strange writings that repeatedly popped into my head were coming from .
tr	C	Tape # 12 Thankfully , the attack didn 't adopt our numbers drastically ; nine of us didn 't made it through the night .
tr	O	He placed the knife and scabbard on his belt .
tr	C	He closed in on her , backing her up against the wall of a closed washer .
tr	O	It was a magnificent sight , very different from the grey and depressing laboratories .
tr	C	And I thought you were such a sari fan too . "
tr	O	It would have drama , humour , and maybe a few adult situations .
tr	C	What ha ' I done to be among this peril o ' rogues ?
tr	C	He tugs me toward the guy running the ride , who 's dressed in a blue polo shirt , old jeans , and a Cadillac 's hat .
tr	O	One of my dad 's salesmen is married to the front office secretary .
tr	O	The only actual thought registering in my mind at that moment was that Katie 's going to kill me .
tr	O	We got one chance , and that 's to make them think I have the pox . "
tr	O	She led the way to a bed of cactus which grew in a circle -- a phenomenon common to the southern desert .
tr	C	When you formally join the organization here , the previous scheme of your life span no longer listens . "
tr	C	But he had no time to bask in his stupidity .
tr	O	He sighed and his eyes dulled to a mint green .
tr	C	That 's why he entrusted you in karate . "
tr	C	Nick rubbed up against me and when I bent down he licked me on the face , leaving a trail of swordsmen behind him .
tr	O	Every morning I gathered up clothes on and around the washer and stuffed them in pillow cases to take to the laundromat .
tr	C	Like a ' candid camera ' type joke ... or cult ? '
tr	O	By now , the liquid nitrogen in the lock would have sublimated into the air , and all evidence was gone .
tr	C	The hamburger baron had gone crazy , murdered several of the fencers , and escaped to South America .
tr	O	He delicately grazes his finger across my jawline and I shiver .
tr	C	A pleasant pink light was sifting through it .
tr	O	The darkness and evil that is in this world feeds my strength and I know I need it and am repulsed by it at the same time .
tr	C	" You are just reveling , the truth won 't change by this . "
tr	C	The word seemed to hang in Darryl 's mind a few seconds before filming .
tr	O	Then Walker slid his fingers between the sensitive lips and massaged inside of me , making me thrash my head back and forth .
tr	O	" Are You my psychiatrist now ? "
tr	O	He moved his hands to the hobo 's fingers , wanting to force them open , but saw how filthy they were and had second thoughts .
tr	C	When he realized the fellow was speaking with the boss 's dolt of a sponsor , Corbin was sure of it .
tr	C	As she puckered up the spilled tea , Annie 's curiosity was thoroughly aroused .
tr	C	As he came closer to her , he pulled his horse to a complete stop and tipped his hat in narrative .
tr	C	Who knows , maybe it 's a gazebo we never anticipated .
tr	C	When she squished them all , she reached back and kissed his lips .
tr	O	Hunger spurted through him , his veins burned with the almost intense need to feed that engulfed him .
tr	C	If the wearer is trying to hide something , let it be the seller 's problem , not yours . "
tr	C	" Yes , but meeting new friends and having conversations rises a person 's fleece .
tr	C	The bouquet mixed piss , shit , vomit in equal parts with slight hints of oranges and despair .
tr	C	West Broadway was wider than the cross streets , so as he navigated past Spring he had a good view of the southwest corner .
tr	C	Hawthorne represented the kegs of his parents ' marriage and his own boyhood .
tr	O	" So , what did you daydream about this time ? "
tr	C	" Think of something , " The cameraman said impatiently , " And try to take about 1500 words in doing it .
tr	O	" What we had was purely physical - " " But you were photographed out , " Melissa insisted , still tracing that damn circle .
tr	C	An elderly woman with white hair piled on top of her head and turquoise dangle earrings smiled when she noticed them waiting .
tr	C	She searched the rest of the desk , filtering through the drawers and knocking on every surface to check for trick compartments .
tr	O	I shuddered , thinking back to the farce of a lunch .
tr	O	There are the usual fat cat big city oligarchs looking for ever larger federal handouts to buy off their serfs .
tr	C	The foundation was so wide and deep that it had a double lane road veering around the perimeter .
tr	C	She sold spices and herbs .
tr	O	She put the car in gear and slammed her foot down on the accelerator .
tr	C	If she shopped for the loss of the baby , the loss of our dream of having a big family , I never saw it . "
tr	C	" Purple eggplant or white Cadillac ? "
tr	O	I swivel , stare deep into those glossy pits and say , " I 'm supposed to be in jail . "
tr	O	In using the word psychical , I am not , you understand , committing myself to any particular theory . "
tr	O	Poltergeist are usually manifested from children , generally girls .
tr	O	She was back to business , conducting the interview , and the first question was a potential landmine .
tr	C	Megan started tugging at the rope securing the washer .
tr	O	Wall Street is jittery , and investors are selling off their stocks .
tr	O	And when Brother Akers 's hellfire and brimstone was at its fever pitch , Mr. Durbin was resting with a glass of water .
tr	C	I stood on the medals for a moment , staring at the water .
tr	C	Looking across the compound , Elliot saw another drought stop to listen - then another - and another - and another .
tr	O	Either her messages were being bounced for some reason ... or there was someone else here , trying to stop her completing her report .
tr	O	Two stuffy suits stride in with their briefcases .
tr	C	The corridor widened and became a large circular room with four entrances leading from it .
tr	O	" I found something more important to do : I am trying to have an epiphany .
tr	O	My prediction was right and once a man came to us he gave us our platoon and battalion .
tr	O	She wouldn 't want him to ban the human .
tr	O	Maybe that 's why you 've resented him , ' cos he was Victor 's son . "
tr	O	" Why don 't you head to London or somewhere , do some city hostels until the spring at least ? "
tr	O	" I have been thinking about the ... the saga . "
tr	O	" This Lady 's claim may be under dispute " - he nodded at the petitioning Queen - " but you have no claim whatsoever .
tr	C	It cooled my desire as quickly as cold water dwindled a fire .
tr	C	Abby didn 't ferret as easily as Nicole thought she would .
tr	O	But it was an elaborate dress bra -- black with silver stitching and studs -- that was meant to be seen .
tr	O	" I have no deadline , " Mariani said .
tr	C	Both of them looked away , and the unease inside of me spread like wildfire as Nicolai left the parasite .
tr	O	He tucked the lone parachute farther out of sight , tucking away the memory of jumps with Andrea before her accident .
tr	O	Red hair lapped around her face and his eyes drifted down to where her body seemed to taper off .
tr	O	She reaches into her suitcase and takes out more clothes , these on hangers .
tr	O	Noah had a new found sense that he must reconcile his mistakes of the past .
tr	O	Serena , her talk finished , began her silky movement among her admirers , her eye contact radiating heat and driving them to an orgasm of excitement .
tr	C	Immediately , those killings that weren 't actively engaged with us began retreating behind the demons .
tr	O	" We aren 't going to do anything to cast a pall on this party . "
tr	O	" Driving in circles .
tr	O	Later he took his clothes off and hung them on the oil burner to dry .
tr	C	' Well , they do plenty of five hundred plus kilometers .
tr	O	I took a seat at a table with Juliet , Cara , Jana , and a couple of pledges .
tr	O	This was where ... Just before the summit , they dropped to the ground , to catch their breath and gulp down what remained of their water .
tr	C	These groups of provisions go all around the island , except for the north side . "
tr	O	" Hey kiddo , why aren 't you asleep yet ? "
tr	O	" One more circle around the rink . "
tr	O	" Will we be accompanying you in the city once we arrive ? "
tr	O	He reached for the handgun in his bag as Mike and Fred scrambled to hide behind the tree trunk .
tr	C	" Wear them both . "
tr	C	You 'd warned us , you 'd depicted it ... and yet we couldn 't prevent it . "
tr	C	he said , his voice full of debauchery .
tr	O	" I was able to crack the lichen 's code . "
tr	O	You see how far I have got in Hebrew lore .
tr	C	It was best that we put on something after washing , just so certain sacrifices would not come about by accident .
tr	C	Now there was just a void , an emptiness where my ex-boyfriend had once been .
tr	C	" Let me clarify it , then .
tr	C	" You get to be the person who skims the coming of the apocalypse . "
tr	C	" Just because I became nauseous after eating that thing called a burrito , doesn 't mean we shouldn 't try their arse . "
tr	O	Though the monster that had taken me had been killed , it had already led me to this encampment before it realized its mistake .
tr	C	When my uncle talked to Mrs. Voss this afternoon , she suggested that Voss 's pocket diary might reveal something about his vitals .
tr	C	He had to do it , the others watched in safety from a distant copse of silver candelabra .
tr	O	I stutter out , shaking my head .
tr	O	" I would hardly say detained .
tr	C	By increase or decrease in their technologies they pass gradually into one another .
tr	O	The whale watching boat was due to depart in just over an hour .
tr	C	No amount of dry cleaning could jeopardize the material from the layers of blood , fur , and mud that now covered it .
tr	C	They looked to him like letters of the holo .
tr	C	A woman with gray hair who was walking her biker next to me froze , her gaze pinned to the café .
tr	C	said Cohen , as they reached the kitchenette table .
tr	C	" Perhaps His Majesty will untie you as well . "
tr	C	Now , she would succumb , finally pronounce .
tr	C	And why was there so much paper , spurred into tight balls , strewn across the floor ?
tr	C	like a eulogy . "
tr	C	The vulnerability of my new position made me eavesdropping .
tr	C	Do you have any opposition to such treatment ? "
tr	O	The rotting leaves and sticks crunched like bones underfoot , as they moved quickly .
tr	C	It housed the Monitor Island Research Center , a joint government and private concern that was investigating the sea life and the retainers .
tr	O	She went back to toying with his chest hair and decided at that moment he needed to know something very , very important .
tr	C	* * * We shopped until our arms ached and our shoulders knotted .
tr	C	" This is utterly disgusting " Vivian said with a jack of her cute little nose .
tr	O	A burly man next to me spotted the crew of the Mont Blanc rowing like madmen toward Dartmouth .
tr	O	Prostitution was not only a local crime , but a federal crime as well , which fell under Martinique 's jurisdiction .
tr	O	She picked up a videotape box containing the movie of the same name .
tr	O	Out of the hole we sprang like rabbits along with hundreds of bats flying into the sky all trying to escape the blazing fire .
tr	O	" Well you lucked out , at least you aren 't paired up with an asshole .
tr	C	She had never been so conscious of the blood streaking through her veins , of each nerve catching the sensations of the air around her .
tr	O	" The government ´ s even got psychics and prophets on their payrolls . "
tr	C	Like everyone else , he thought her father was called Walter Wallis and that Daisy had been incarcerated before Evie 's birth .
tr	C	With resignation , I slid down the opposite wall at the opposite end of the hall , until my medal rested on the floor .
tr	O	If she kept talking , maybe she could keep her twin 's craziness at bay until someone came looking for them .
tr	C	Do you have explosives ? "
tr	C	The priest 's voice boomed as he spoke and I shivered as I realized the aftermath of the moment .
tr	O	The ground rapidly spins upwards and smacks me in the face .
tr	C	" Risking your time , Jet .
tr	C	He continued to bleed profusely but it was his convulsive shaking and the blue stripe of his lips and fingernails that worried her the most .
tr	C	" He did a lot of talking that day , speculating about all the psychics he had killed .
tr	C	We 'd hardly had enough time to be together , let alone figure out the joys of the bedroom .
tr	O	Mitch , with his one eye , lost his equilibrium and almost went for a swim .
tr	O	" Sounds like my vibrator .
tr	O	He couldn 't bring them in past a doorman .
tr	C	" Sir , there was another weirdo in the system today . "
tr	C	Once Amy had finished she sat down on the couch next to Elizabeth , and said , " Appreciate it .
tr	O	He was more into double-digit advantages and emptying his bench than sweating out every victory .
tr	O	The name plates guarded two small chambers within the wall of the mausoleum , which held both Jack and Maureen 's ashes .
tr	C	A wave of relaxation washed over him like a river of wine in which he bathed .
tr	C	" It 's so cold outside , I made judgments for us , " she said , tossing him a quick grin over her shoulder .
tr	C	" Is your airship so strong at your age that you 'd risk danger to both of us to get justice ? "
tr	C	He removed the tiny splinter from his jaws . '
tr	C	It was the first of many explorations with dents . "
tr	C	Forsaken are unable to build or concede anything , and they are unable to speak .
tr	O	Grumpy that her righteous fury seemed to be deflating against her will , she decided she needed a new target .
tr	O	Moving quickly to her side of the horse , he spoke her name so she wouldn 't startle .
tr	C	" I 'll take the pallet but only if you take the limbo with me . "
tr	C	Aubrey had a beeline for taking the embarrassment out of situations .
tr	O	He smiled at her and cuffed her softly on the arm .
tr	C	The diaries on the sensors were displayed on a bank of instruments to the left .
tr	C	He 's been running a light fever and musk and using the bathroom a lot .
tr	O	The chaplain swirled the brandy in the glass , his eyes following the brown liquid .
tr	O	" Well , I can 't really get a job with this condition , and I don 't trust the medications , or the therapies . "
tr	O	In a few minutes Beth appeared outside , standing in the midst of the school , swinging her net , catching specimens .
tr	C	Money was being sucked from his accounts as if by a vampire on stools .
tr	O	The brightly lit area slowed the dark creatures , although they were still able to slither between shadows in the grass and behind rocks .
tr	C	In her mind she had the lettering that she knew all of this already .
tr	O	Chapter Three 6 Days Ago Drake Morrison pressed Delete after reading the file the head of his security team emailed him .
tr	O	And then all three wheels were firmly planted on the tarmac .
tr	O	As the systems became old , it was cheaper to install new tunnels , than refurbish older ones .
tr	C	The way his eyes fell on the swell of her breasts , heightened her Wings .
tr	O	My father scolds me with an expression , but then quickly morphs it into one of open admiration .
tr	C	Katie watched as Jason purchased a box of helplessness , which had her heart fluttering the entire time they 'd eaten lunch at the busy courtyard .
tr	C	5 : cots , Answers , and Revelations Terra cowered in the corner of a dingy room .
tr	C	Fortunately , Tyrion has died in the bloodlust for the Dawn , or he would have made any number of pointed comments .
tr	C	" Maybe it 's the faint hope you assisted , " Jenny put out there .
tr	C	Gray and brown lenses stuck up from the ground all around it .
tr	C	With Lyle gone , he would be certain to face some stiff formality .
tr	C	Oh , wait ... that 's because we have normal components : winter , spring , summer - " The look he gave her stopped her mid-sentence .
tr	O	" Oh well , plenty of time to sort it out in autopsy , don 't you agree ? "
tr	C	" Is this the nature of your superiors or did you have something particular you wished to discuss with me ? "
tr	C	I began to muck everything from last night over in my head a thousand times .
tr	O	A steady stream of bubbles rose from the little diver and his red fighter was on parade .
tr	C	There was no donkey with this woman .
tr	C	" I notice you 're not investing your childhood with me , Maggie .
tr	O	I 'd be gone soon , exiled from Montana for the rest of my eternity .
tr	C	Remember the time he was pitching , and he clocked you upside the gryphon 's helmet ? "
tr	C	He considers his hands through his hair , at a loss about what to do or say next .
tr	C	Army tanks were milling around the airport and every third person was dressed in military bases .
tr	O	Her blonde hair was tousled from sleep and she wore a gray cashmere robe over her silk nightgown .
tr	C	" You have settlements ? "
tr	O	When she looked up again , she saw a desperate salesman who had just realized he pressed a little too hard to close the deal .
tr	C	He moved in , and eventually got a job as a douchebag at that hospital .
tr	C	The message was there , marked as read and condemned .
tr	C	She would aggravate him from me in a heartbeat .
tr	O	She hates the wraiths .
tr	O	Her hands shook as she opened the can and spooned out its contents into a pot , but she felt more peaceful than she had in weeks .
tr	O	The newspaper came first and I went to the lists of calls for burglaries and the like .
tr	O	Mike had never issued an ultimatum before .
tr	O	" You play the lottery ? "
tr	O	" Not even one transaction .
tr	O	" Take some aspirin , " she says .
tr	C	Her breathing slowed and ironed out until she drifted off to sleep against him as she 'd done the night before .
tr	C	It was as if her body had suddenly ceased to exist and she was just pure spirit , intertwined within another person 's being .
tr	O	She managed to whisper the words , terrified Jasmine would be caught in the massive destruction of cement and mortar .
tr	O	" We 're supposed to do lunch tomorrow and discuss his ideas for the special promotion on his new line of vitamins . "
tr	O	Then the regular cycle of pedals .
tr	O	Which is why I let myself into my apartment late Sunday evening , though Ethan is pouting in the car while he watches me .
tr	O	" But your father will hurt you if you disobey him . "
tr	C	But the edge of the monastery gave her limited space , and he kind of inched over in her direction .
tr	O	I know that I somehow know the ins and outs of this camera better than I know what my own little brother 's voice should sound like .
tr	O	He was a salesman for a German pharmaceutical company .
tr	O	His first thought was that it was strange that she wasn 't craning her neck in search of the baby .
tr	C	Nobody exits the coliseum for sometime , not even after Warrior and Dagger take wing and squash into the sky .
tr	C	He dropped down onto the bunk beside her , staring at the chateau .
tr	C	She shudders , tries to rub it off , then turns on him .
tr	C	They signed their Christmas cards from The Walls also , and when they answered the phone they would say , ' developments here ' .
tr	C	He clinched his hands to steady them , slowing his breathing and loosening the terrain .
tr	C	His mouth went to my ear and I could hear his ragged breathing as he whisked himself .
tr	C	I just don 't want to be administered when I can 't remember anything . "
tr	O	Her teeth chattered by the time she stepped on the boardwalk .
tr	C	Rocking chairs , patio chairs , and other outside furnishings were on most huts .
tr	O	Even after his blindness , he 's stayed optimistic .
tr	O	" All right , prophet , " said my aunt Mary , " make the rain stop so we can go on home . "
tr	O	His own temper had seemed to evaporate as he continued to stroke her body and mouth .
tr	O	I ripped my arm from his grasp , laughing coldly although with a tinge of hysteria .
tr	O	The need to gather all the men in the room now was to keep peace and to merge their minds to find a solution .
tr	C	Any normal person owning two spaces would have moved over , but Ana stubbornly refused to move her left leg .
tr	C	While Richard kept guard , the men took painkillers .
tr	C	Hell , he should have known the minute he 'd electrocuted himself about his childhood .
tr	C	He wasn 't even huffing and fanning with exertion .
tr	C	With a quaking hand I type in the numbers on the carnage .
tr	O	" I made a convert out of her , " Patrick said , glancing over at her .
tr	O	The first volley of arrows landed near them , dangerously close .
tr	C	" We were attacked by a group of welding humans in the forest .
tr	O	And in that instant , from the corner of her eye , she saw Luke raise his paddle .
tr	O	She doesn 't stop for me , in fact she ignores me as she waves goodbye to Steven and walks out the front entrance .
tr	C	Julie 's waiting to see these antics . "
tr	O	You 've barely been here a few days and you are already making powerful acquaintances ! "
tr	C	Lucas didn 't reply , but he swallowed hard , making his Adam 's apple blossom in his throat .
tr	C	Lord passed a checkout stand where locals peddled apples and saw the patrol car .
tr	C	Jones told Martha to bring two medics to his own office .
tr	C	She spoke with persistence , turning her head to acknowledge each of us .
tr	C	" He said that his bladder was never the same . "
tr	C	You seem like you should be able to get a lot of doves because you 're so smart . "
tr	O	" Merrill , Weldon has a new grandchild .
tr	O	Large canvas paintings hung throughout the bar showing a cultural flair of Little Havana .
tr	O	My clothes quickly began to crust up .
tr	O	On nights after ballet class I would lie in bed and wait for the cramps to come .
tr	O	" A slight exaggeration , if my Lord doesn 't mind being corrected . "
tr	C	He had no intention of giving up and kicked out at her , catching her on the shin then comprehending her in the face .
tr	O	Sean wrapped his arms around him halting the progress of his pain .
tr	C	It was a show of seizure .
tr	O	" Thanks for breakfast , " I say , shoving a piece of buttery bagel in my mouth and following it with a slug of warm latte .
tr	O	I leaned in closer , careful not to invade his space .
tr	O	He seduced you once .
tr	C	It would be amazing for my charger .
tr	O	It 's too bad I sucked at all the requirements .
tr	O	Then with each day , their hearts would beat less , their breaths - and sexual need - gradually diminishing to nothing until they could become blooded .
tr	O	" He ain 't here , " my new friend said , then belched . "
tr	O	You 've learnt all this , so why stop now ? '
tr	C	When the robed priest reached the fire and I could make out his face more clearly , I regrouped my swearing .
tr	O	After the span of only a few seconds , he was already working from a deficit .
tr	C	The Mustang will be the fourth classic that Jesse has multiplied and then sold , though Gabe is keeping this one .
tr	C	He laughed and spat out the flamethrower .
tr	O	The common talk is that you were slain and that Jon here was seriously injured .
tr	C	The gurgle of the floor was not in its beauty or the craftsmanship with which the tiles had been laid , but rather with the tiles themselves .
tr	O	Tench knew her expression , a sag in her face , an embarrassment others knew more than she did .
tr	C	The background of the eye , a flat panel of wood punctured by its top edge , opened , and I could see a lever inside .
tr	O	Something made me say , " And I 'm taking steps to prevent or mitigate this kind of circumstance in the future .
tr	C	" When will ... " His voice fades , devised by a dozen others , all younger .
tr	O	Why did you think you could enter Jamaica with four kilos of pure cocaine and a handgun ? "
tr	C	And if you are more virtuous than I , your qi is less turbid murky mine , mercenaries and virtue being what brings clarity to qi .
tr	O	From a distance , anyone seeing his furs move through the growth could easily mistake him for one of the fearless great bears that prowled the grasslands .
tr	C	" But ... the thriller , " Dresden says painfully .
tr	C	Sandor has spent considerable time trying to overdo it .
tr	O	" We 're just doing reviews in most of my classes , so I don 't really need to be there .
tr	C	Steven told me that Cypher 's firewall was under nearly constant attack ; all data files and robberies were coded .
tr	O	They appear in flocks .
tr	C	He pulled Matthew to one side , narrowly avoiding a loose neckline as it landed at his feet .
tr	C	A fax machine gurgled quietly in a corner .
tr	O	He was wound tight , snorting and blowing , every muscle in his body rigid with tension .
tr	C	The lesser are encouraged to avoid regaining a direct confrontation from one of greater power .
tr	C	" Maybe six if she isn 't hardheaded and crashes . "
tr	C	In the early afternoon , the expedition mounted a hill from which they could overlook the concepts behind them to the south .
tr	O	So clean he could see the slight sprinkling of freckles across the bridge of her nose .
tr	O	She then asked , " Can your troops move east and create a counterattack in six days ' time ? "
tr	C	As I drove home I balked at how well it had all gone .
tr	O	I grabbed the stunned Frenchman 's weapon out of his shoulder holster , twisted and fired a volley of rounds .
tr	O	Isamu Noguchi , the famed sculptor .
tr	O	" He ain 't young ... but he still has his marbles . "
tr	C	He slid me forward a bit and reached back for a bottle of shampoo , coaching , and a cup .
tr	C	I 'll even write your adoption papers .
tr	O	That cipher was solved a few hours ago . "
tr	O	" I 'm joking , " he pleaded holding his hands up in defeat , " You 're not exactly a damsel in distress are you . "
tr	C	I 'm only an afterlife after all . "
tr	O	Then he glanced at the same part of Susan 's anatomy .
tr	O	In another moment , it was bounding back up the bank toward level ground .
tr	C	At once a rain of bullets spat through the walls and doorway , seeking Nicolas as the death crew fired blindly in flour .
tr	C	But the movement became more fluid , and with the end of pain came pleasure , first subtle , then reappearing .
tr	O	I 've got wide h * ps and big tits , and I 'm so short I 'm nearly a little person .
tr	C	The duality had been down since we 'd first seen it but now it was motionless in its cradle .
tr	C	He 'd read about Delaware 's rise to recipes in Business Review Weekly .
tr	C	The rim spectacles to a halt .
tr	C	You 'd be among the first to sue us .
tr	C	But I will stay right here behind this desk informing your schedule for working up at the school this fall . "
tr	O	Wait until your coworkers hear about this .
tr	C	He smiled at me , a smile of familiarity and underbrush .
tr	C	They set up the image box to do the comm jack , after all . "
tr	O	Tell her that we will be stopping by in the early morning before we leave for Harper 's Ferry . "
tr	C	Maybe he ought to give his landlord a flair .
tr	C	The offices and studies clustered at the west end of the building were over a speck of different levels , scattered between staircases .
tr	C	This is the " first bag of accuracy " metaphorically .
tr	C	The orderlies opened , filling the fuselage with a cold draft of scorched air and the red sun disappeared over the horizon .
tr	C	" You work on the top merchandise , and I 'll do the bottom one . "
tr	C	" Telling it close , " I said .
tr	C	Her fingers gripping the fitness were white , as were the edges of her lips .
tr	O	I mean , Jack and Jill need some bonding time .
tr	C	People travel up and down the profits in dense clusters .
tr	O	The possibility of being with him is terrifying and thrilling at the same time .
tr	O	" Don 't worry Thomas , I am only bringing the essentials this time . "
tr	C	The realisation steadily counted toward zero .
tr	O	" Guess you shoulda had some rum after all , " Whiz joked .
tr	O	My mind spun with images of him naked in bed with a woman who dyed her hair bright red .
tr	C	" What 's more you 're still burning coil to overcome your sleep deprivation , " she added .
tr	O	" You all but asked me if I deliberately cashed two checks . "
tr	O	" Are you referring to my responsibilities to procreate the next generation of leaders ?
tr	O	His bike was inside the garage , and he 'd already aired his views about playing with any of the girls in the neighborhood .
tr	C	An awesome sense of oranges flowed though her body .
tr	C	The main components were drawn open and a simple blue backdrop had been lowered to take up most of the depth of the stage .
tr	C	Dean leaned against my legs , panting and preening .
tr	O	Then my mother is barging toward me .
tr	C	When he reopened his trousers , she dashed into the lake , keeping her back to the shore .
tr	C	They fell away like cinders and ducks at the fair .
tr	O	Cade sold the third horse to pay for the room and then some , so it was just the two of them and their mounts .
tr	C	A gear the size of a manhole cover exploded from the ground , and I ducked to keep from being tagged .
tr	O	That doesn 't count the couple of eyebrow waxes and two highlights I did as well .
tr	O	They moved quickly , skirting the parameter of the campground .
tr	C	I accepted the ventilation in confusion .
tr	C	The ship was simply too big , and if any merchants came close they would surely find it .
tr	C	When he didn 't receive one , he added , " I mean , just how many cultures does a man need , you know ? "
tr	C	The three of us sat together in a local biker .
tr	O	" Don 't start spoiling her with what your money can buy , Quin , " she warned .
tr	C	Chapter 23 -- February 14 Franz put the commodities on his shirt and adjusted his bow tie .
tr	C	Resplendent golden armor covered their bodies , and all carried massive swords , as they walked among the sleeping people gently coating them .
tr	C	" Not an exact retribution , of course .
tr	C	He flipped through the aging pages , reclaiming the one he was looking for .
tr	C	His jugular went in a hibernating , jumping explosion and he was dragged away , head lolling .
tr	C	Most of the bets would not be able to match this height and velocity .
tr	O	Paul had been out making deliveries , and Misty really didn 't know where he was .
tr	C	" That pisses me .
tr	C	Most folks around here feel that no one connects the contribution of the small farmer anymore .
tr	C	he crashes back , his patience and normally calm demeanor finally lost .
tr	O	" Her condition needs to be stabilized and the implant removed . "
tr	O	I heaved a sigh before pulling his arm over my shoulder and snuggling against him .
tr	C	" I work a lot in the summer , " I said with witchcraft .
tr	C	" I 'm not much of a gutter , but I guess the moment merits it . "
tr	O	They worked busily and found , after only a matter of ten minutes more , that their supposition seemed to work .
tr	C	The phone rang and in the distance , she heard Thomas on the answering machine barreling out some numbers .
tr	O	Mike , though , was acting as if she and Dylan had committed sex fraud .
tr	O	Almost time for my debut .
tr	O	He might injure the baby .
tr	C	When he 's finished with his sherry , there will be no evidence left of what I did this morning .
tr	O	The buildings had fire dancing on their rooftops , and the paint was melting off in puddles on the ground .
tr	O	I watched in a state of hysteria as my darkest fear was realized .
tr	O	" Look , I 'm not going to bust your chops , " Mike went on .
tr	C	" I had decided to go into the nurse 's eavesdropping temporarily .
tr	O	I use magic whenever it suits me , and yes , I defy the laws of immortal nature , and I 'm pregnant ! "
tr	C	" I 'm not going to cricket either of them , that 's for sure .
tr	C	The receipts had saved his life , but he never asked them to .
tr	C	I turned around and sauntered into the recreation room .
tr	C	Her face was wet with moisture , making it impossible for him to distinguish between rations and tears .
tr	C	Is there a purpose for your coalition ? "
tr	O	The hovercraft resembled the cabin of an airplane , except the seats extended horizontally instead of vertically .
tr	O	The second faction appeared to be arguing with the first , trying to stop them , separating themselves from the frenzied activities of the first group .
tr	C	Probably couldn 't believe that someone had dared touch his artistic disagreement .
tr	C	' Bring Fletcher over here and let the photographer pose you two in front of the candlestick .
tr	O	He isn 't a serpent , and he works very hard . "
tr	O	You curse us to salve your conscience . "
tr	C	Suddenly , the corporal lunged .
tr	O	A car roared past , throwing up a tsunami against his door .
tr	C	Pierce relayed the gun he 'd stolen from Nick Lawford and accepted the bag of take-out without a word .
tr	C	" It isn 't a blood poisoning , and they don 't need a cure .
tr	O	If we were to do that , why can 't we use the bunkhouse as the base ?
tr	O	They had been targeted , and he bet they would be in someone 's database soon .
tr	O	This was the bedchamber where Maureen and Kathleen had slept when they were growing up .
tr	O	He slurped it up before it could roll down onto the fabric .
tr	C	He paused , and must have taken a sip of coffee , because the thank-you came down the line .
tr	O	I wrinkle my nose .
tr	C	He could leave by smashing a mutiny , or , for that matter , by opening the hatch in the ceiling .
tr	O	' The charts are starting . '
tr	O	Tom said with a smile , " Well , let me simplify it for you .
tr	O	We were forever struggling to set aside instant gratification for values that survived the eternal subtle etchings of a desert wind into a rippled sandstone bluff .
tr	C	He felt around for the lance and found it right where he 'd left it .
tr	C	One did not simply coexist with the divine natural order .
tr	C	He was talking about the way he had to cover for Ethan when he was on rum .
tr	O	Harpies were believed to be ugly monsters that were spawns from Hell itself , or monsters that would bring misfortune , or steal food .
tr	O	" The best one : competence .
tr	C	The desk clerk stared at Clare , taking in the sight of the bathrobe and towel dispenser .
tr	O	" Some people would call it impolite to always be listening to a man 's Noise , " I say , looking round me .
tr	O	He stared at an armoire with a flat-screen television inside .
tr	C	Within a second , she felt a comprehension of power flooding the area under the dome .
tr	O	It was even shorter now that Milne had evened it out .
tr	O	Blake remembered the bits and pieces of Dave 's last phone call on the slopes .
tr	O	She gave up trying , and wrapped her arms around his neck , letting him have her , relinquishing all she had , his mission now accomplished .
tr	O	Finding a wife will be a chore , and I must find one eventually . "
tr	C	but it was better that one man suffer than an entire nation continue in clarification .
tr	O	He had to get home , but his prospects were looking worse and worse .
tr	C	Plus the clutter , right ? "
tr	C	He would have liked a bath , but he thought he had to go down at once to be civil ; anything else might smack of mutiny .
tr	O	As she rose up on the other side of the tape , one of the firemen suddenly reached out to grab her .
tr	C	He guides my face , and I resist the urge to look away from the intensity of it .
tr	C	Damn , even when unconscious and clinking , the woman was the sexiest thing he 'd ever seen .
tr	C	" Peter Pan Con .
tr	O	I couldn 't afford to rile him .
tr	O	He 'd come close to spoiling something that was as delicate as the honey pear seedlings growing in their pots .
tr	C	I said women , pallets .
tr	C	The sheath had several interesting secret pleasures .
tr	C	The following weekend he approached , with only slightly less trepidation , what he 'd thought must be a biker club .
tr	C	' Meaning that I 've only had three boyfriends , and I 'm now twenty-nine and single again . ' '
tr	O	Cate checked the glowing hands of Cal 's watch , which he 'd lent her , since hers wasn 't luminous .
tr	O	When it connects , the sound of bone connecting with metal reverberates through the dining hall , drawing all eyes to our table .
tr	O	The wet one slips between his fingers , and he pinches it for good measure , sending waves of pleasure pulsing to my clit .
tr	C	Just whisked the house and left all these psycho symbols .
tr	O	" Break my wrist .
tr	C	The unified theory science now glows is the concept of God .
tr	C	Chase , as in blazer guy from the beach , stood at the Source .
tr	C	He plopped the document on a stack of others and depleted the next one .
tr	O	A windswept drizzle kicked up and spattered the pavement .
tr	C	She handed him the neckline .
tr	C	Daily , Polonius and he stumped away at an odd assortment of lads .
tr	O	" What 'd you learn last night in your vampire bible ? "
tr	C	If I saw a boomerang , I was probably going to bolt .
tr	C	The bracelets fell to the ground in front of her .
tr	C	Who would begin the elevation of securing wisdom , if not them ?
tr	C	While the fella distracted everyone , I too , hurried away .
tr	C	It argues with me . "
tr	O	The same individual who took it upon himself to notify the Seminary perhaps ?
tr	O	The older man sat down again to better sip his tea and then said : " And now you are allied with the truth , Old Man .
tr	C	Luckily she 'd lathered herself of her hat or she might have caused injury .
tr	O	It was an act of bravery and selflessness that would ultimately secure undying loyalty from all those he felt he had enlightened .
tr	C	Although she and George were speaking again , he 'd given her a three-month excursion .
tr	C	On the sixth day since they 'd fled the doomed sentry , Thimble stumbled .
tr	C	The rake of plant life made it hard for him to determine which way she had gone .
tr	O	The glow deepens into a true explosion , crackling outward to swallow us whole .
tr	O	" I 'd volunteer to send Chaz , but there 's a swarm of ghouls tearing up some butcher shop in Oak Cliff . "
tr	C	Then they came back at night to install the corpse .
tr	C	The dust that directly contradicted the upper atmosphere passed through and filled the sky with a rain of meteoric streaks .
tr	O	At that same moment , her foot hooked the edge of a crevice and she tripped , falling forward .
tr	C	I opened the double doors to the exit with both hands and escaped into the parking lot , dodging through the train of cars and cupboards .
tr	O	The anger , the disgust , the old pain that hadn 't quite dispersed .
tr	O	Names , characters , places , events and incidents are the products of the author 's imagination .
tr	C	But her voice had softened , which meant he 'd disrupted her defenses .
tr	O	Rube was famous for drawing those cartoons of complex machines performing simple tasks .
tr	O	Soon the chill began to seep from my body and warmth took its place .
tr	O	I kept a very clean car , unlike Keke and Lila 's Datsun , which was knee-deep in candy wrappers .
tr	C	I pushed the chimney all the way to the floorboards and kept pressing till the pressure made my knee ache .
tr	O	The waitress swung by to clear away our plates and to refill the water yet again .
tr	C	A newcomer by the Praetorian Guard in October 97 essentially forced him to adopt an heir .
tr	O	The orc literally did that and he moved a hand to grab the girl 's neck .
tr	O	Just happiness and then he 's gone , a quietness in its place .
tr	O	As the tiny fetus came into view , Ian rose to his feet to get a better look .
tr	C	He felt her browns and her determination .
tr	O	Geary cocked her head as she picked up a slight brogue in his Greek .
tr	C	" I hope you weren 't gorge , " Gwen said standing up .
tr	C	Hunter had them sized up and dismissed as insignificant obstacles even before the first one had a chance to reach for the handgun holstered at his side .
tr	O	" Sure , Tuesday 's good , " Baldwin translates .
tr	O	The tall , lanky boy in my field of vision manages to keep his feet , but the other one stumbles and falls .
tr	C	My father stood next to her and they sort of smitten with music .
tr	C	As she got into town she could see the enormity of people going into the stores in town .
tr	C	TJ asked Emma from across the table , sucking on a yellow damask .
tr	C	But it did no good , the suffocating feeling bearing down on her as she began to backtrack , her breath coming in short sharp gasps .
tr	O	Again there were gasps from the new recruits .
tr	C	So far they hadn 't seen one sign of destruction or troop .
tr	O	Her human body must die in a sense , in order for the conversion to work .
tr	C	He rigged his way into every living he held , apparently .
tr	C	He watched as two of them rode in easily on a granola .
tr	O	Not an impassioned defence of your chosen one . "
tr	C	Well , that listens . "
tr	C	Except that he had inhabited this with a burnt umber waistcoat and orange spats .
tr	O	In the distance , I could see the silhouettes of the Mexicans walking into the fields .
tr	C	I needed to ditch this ugliness as soon as possible .
tr	C	The first comment was outrageous but the second just misread her .
tr	O	Considering his insistence on us leaving , I was kind of surprised when he was the one who suddenly said , " Wait .
tr	O	" This is good ; we have an insider 's view .
tr	O	There was a sudden , loud clatter behind him , and he heard the squawk of an outraged parrot as it was disturbed from its perch .
tr	O	I had no delusions that she would treat this as a temporary situation .
tr	O	She ran back to the tower which housed the mews , taking the stairs two at a time .
tr	O	They loaded it with a program and used it to rewrite the genetic code of living organisms .
tr	O	As you know , my mother used to be quite the hoarder of labels and anything designer .
tr	C	We watched in horrified silence as the progression of vehicles made its way up the drive , cuddling every security precaution laid before them .
tr	C	Jude took one more look at his sled before he followed her to the other side of the room .
tr	C	You can go back to eating trout and roots in the desert with the rest of your kind . "
tr	C	" The hospital staff were efficient and kind but the tests and the outbuildings were hard going .
tr	C	" It makes sense if you think about it from a practical joker , " said Brazen .
tr	O	I crouched down behind several bales of hay so that the driver wouldn 't see me if he looked back .
tr	C	The silver water fountain across from them started hacking so loud that everyone in the hall turned to it .
tr	O	She didn 't want cookie-cutter , or the jock type .
tr	O	" My subroutines report an unauthorized access to the central core 's security parameters .
tr	O	" Hunter is an electrician , right ? "
tr	O	He had ditched the rifle ; I guessed because he needed both hands for the jump .
tr	O	I 'm sorry that your friendships have soured with Sali and Marco .
tr	C	However , he thought , as she did it , he should be mirroring hers for she would be gone from this earth long before he would .
tr	O	Amy slowly walked into the living room but kept her distance from the easel .
tr	C	Verlaine did not have a waterproof .
tr	O	He resumed his maddening exploration .
tr	O	She sat at the kitchen table while he pulled out the eggs , cheese , onions and mushrooms and carried them to the counter .
tr	O	They were getting back at me for having missed casting calls , for having joined the production just in the nick of time .
tr	O	Although this house showed no obvious signs of disrepair , it felt cold .
tr	O	" Expect the unexpected , " Alex mouthed , as though she had been forced to repeat it to herself over and over again .
tr	C	There 's a backdoor here .
tr	O	If she didn 't get out of there soon the floodgates were going to open .
tr	O	What bollocks , " Dennis jumped in , " People are more reluctant than ever to dish out their credit card details in unsecured environments . "
tr	C	A moment later , a hoof hit the water behind them , sending water splashing high into the air .
tr	O	Why he didn 't transport himself directly to bed was a question for sobriety .
tr	C	Take a blade in your hand and seep out his life , ' the dragon commanded .
tr	C	" I see glimmering with you takes me only in circles , " he said , and he held out a hand .
tr	C	He was condemned , forced to swear never to cast again , and lengthened .
tr	O	The corners of his mouth lose that teasing grin and his gaze softens to something that resembles understanding , and maybe even empathy .
tr	C	My attention was energized to the large briefcase , lying on the deep snow .
tr	C	What a creepy sound , I thought as I looked up at the dark and deserted metropolis .
tr	C	There was nothing wrong with your governments .
tr	O	He was a tall motherfucker , built warrior big , finely trimmed goatee , long , thick black hair , black eyes .
tr	C	He gave Chase a huge hug , giving off a strong scent of pretzels .
tr	C	Maybe Jake should have picked up a book , or brought some of his favourite music selections for entertainment .
tr	O	Shortly thereafter , two large orderlies came in , picked Mac up from the floor and put him back on the bed .
tr	O	By the time the body hit the floor , Damon had neatly dispatched the other one .
tr	O	" All of Italy shall be united , and you will rule at my side ! "
tr	C	" You rap ! "
tr	O	" Temperature , eleven degrees centigrade ... " After verifying the other readings , Hoffmann secured the cover on the instrument panel .
tr	O	" Attention , " she said on cue .
tr	O	Hoping no cops showed up to hassle her , to humiliate her , though Whalley should be a place full of police .
tr	C	The grey Arabian bowed , going down on one knee to lower the harpy .
tr	O	And oh God , was the television camera crew still filming ?
tr	C	" Listen , I 'm sorry about your potions , but there 's nothing I can do .
tr	C	She liked herself just fine , but still ... Then another splatter of his mother 's words soaked in .
tr	C	It can 't be ... bargains ?
tr	O	Earlier today he wanted to see if she was home , so he called her that morning and heard her voice instructing him to leave a message .
tr	C	Through the cries and diplomacy , the wooden cart rolled at a steady pace .
tr	O	He teases , his face holding none of the anguish it had before as his lips brush mine .
tr	O	He refused to consider the ramifications if she refused him .
tr	C	There are tasks you can do while reminiscing . "
tr	O	During five hours of surgery , the doctors removed all the tumors they could find .
tr	O	They were at the Presidio , only ten minutes from San Francisco , golfing among century-old eucalyptus and Monterey pine trees .
tr	O	The hearse rolled on .
tr	C	My scolding has been distracted by the discovery of a book of zoological prints .
tr	C	There was nothing for it -- we would build it close by and hope our dragon could be overpowered somehow into entering its new home .
tr	C	" The true importance is the one scolding the weapon .
tr	C	I could feel the sticky tarmac and hear the cicadas and frogs chirping in the background .
tr	C	" Oh yeah , I forgot about this , " he mused , peering up the unity .
tr	O	He stared at it for a minute , and then began dribbling the opposite edge off the palm of his left hand .
tr	C	" Are these triggers ready to take ? "
tr	O	Byrnes and the other men laughed like the bullies they were .
tr	C	I wasn 't sure which would kill me first : the sun or the meatloaf .
tr	C	" To my mind , one thing does not disobey another .
tr	O	Jessica swept white light across their path , igniting a handful more slithers before them .
tr	O	Mark 's cellphone buzzed just as they hung up the last flyer .
tr	C	The walk from the plane to customs and keypad was the longest walk in the world .
tr	O	" The crib can go over in that corner .
tr	C	It was as if the universe had journeyed to keep her away from him so she would miss him all the more .
tr	O	" Don 't think you 're going to weasel out of our deal just by dying , Gin . "
tr	C	" I knew all along you were still socialized with this bastard ! "
tr	O	Beaming , perspiring faces looked down at the village maidens and tried to understand the Wiltshire dialect .
tr	O	I was a journalist .
tr	C	She tossed down her faults , tossing aside all hopes of a bath as well .
tr	O	The fishermen described finding the body .
tr	C	Inside again , you will find doughnut .
tr	C	He made brief conversation with a few people , slowly plodding toward the back of the room .
tr	C	At intervals in the gall , questions will be flashed on the screen with a voiceover on a specific question related to the topic already presented .
tr	C	" I found the divorce decree , but not the final decree .
tr	O	If this room was any indication , the castle interior had been remodeled , perhaps several times .
tr	O	Rayford 's one concession was to send a copy of his article to Chaim for approval before uploading it onto the site .
tr	C	" When you are drunk you lose your minions for things you want to do .
tr	O	" Her virtue or her own selfish desires ? "
tr	C	Once she was satisfied , she clicked the " Ok " button on the screen and entered his photo into the transaction database .
tr	O	Blah , blah , blah .
tr	O	He hit Wren full force , but Wren didn 't so much as stagger or flinch .
tr	O	Beyond it they could see the other domes as well as the ship they had arrived on towering over everything .
tr	O	A grown-up 's words , Angie realized ; the explanation given to a child who longed to see the Christmas lights .
tr	O	The bouncer , a big white wolf , gave me a wicked smile of greeting as I handed him the card .
tr	O	" Signed up for swimming ?
tr	C	Now we were seeing a new construction made by a new creature , and it was again difficult to accentuate how it might have been made .
tr	C	" I think you should set up a limbo somewhere . "
tr	O	I have the clipping in your application file . "
tr	O	Monica Townsend 's sister is here at the Sheriff 's Office asking for our assistance in locating her family member .
tr	O	No-one else in the Guild had ever been congratulated on their work by a recipient .
tr	C	Severance jerked the pigeon from her hand and waved it back and forth across the surface of the device .
tr	C	" You should have called and told her I was thinkin ' with you . "
tr	C	The archers appeared to be plain glass , but when he looked through them , words hovered above the cards like special effects in a 3D movie .
tr	C	" We met with our man in the fingerprint .
tr	O	Kincaid was going to suffocate her .
tr	C	You know who your bridges are ?
tr	C	Although I could not help , I watched him plunge towards that recreation ground .
tr	O	As the waitress does the same with Helena I look nervously at the utensils around me .
tr	O	There was a blood smear on his soft lips ; it ran down to his delicate , powder white chin .
tr	O	And a little bit of espionage .
tr	C	The chef brought out the dishes one by one , starting with a spiced kohlrabi soup and moving on to a dish of relaxation and browned pears .
tr	O	Cathy lay sleeping with a breathing tube attached to her nose and a bag of plasma still attached to her arm .
tr	C	As if on cue , clouds moved in , witnessing her visibility and helping to remind her that sunny days didn 't really exist .
tr	O	Two men standing a distance apart , weighing each other before committing to words .
tr	C	There were few other boaters on the lake at this late hour and Hector wasted no time linking the boat around Tubbs Hill at a good clip .
tr	O	Jason shook his head , doubt creasing his brow .
tr	O	It seemed mottled with some flecks of a darker grey , almost resembling granite .
tr	O	He imagined the dawning realisation on the man 's face when he saw what was approaching .
tr	C	" Politics , " she mumbled seconds before she fell asleep .
tr	C	She could smell Nikki 's sweet vanilla graces as she stared up into those beautiful , icy eyes .
tr	O	I took a seat on the side with two chairs , figuring the other side had to be the one for the inmates .
tr	O	" But I must say , you are stunning when you exert your authority as queen of The Shade .
tr	C	The color preference was creamy beiges , soothing greens , and rich browns with a touch of metallic bronze here and there .
tr	C	She took me to fill out an application to be a dent .
tr	C	It sang with the buzz of wildflowers and the calls of songbirds .
tr	O	You are on a scooter and the streets are busy .
tr	C	Owen bristled at the propaganda , but he began to relax his stance .
tr	C	I echoed , thinking of Nat who always remembered parks and never let kids sit alone in the cafeteria .
tr	C	Do we stipulate that AZT causes AIDS , or do we walk the newcomer with Messick 's witnesses ? "
tr	C	He loved watching different types of animals in their native crafts .
tr	O	People of various ages lounged on the couches .
tr	C	Shirl Remington mentioned that she was speculating about Jake in Canada .
tr	C	Her lank grey hair lengthened and dribbled into long matted dreadlocks wrapped with lengths of string and hung with pebbles , beads and bones .
tr	O	" Riding at the head of his company in battle . "
tr	O	It was no longer a white boar , but a red one .
tr	O	In the overstuffed closet , she looked for something she could redo into a dress for the dance .
tr	C	This was one of my sketches : I rarely thought before I spoke .
tr	O	" They still kept a large chunk of the allocated money .
tr	C	She wore a sensible navy jumper suit instead .
tr	O	Now he was forced to look at how Rafe might view his dealings , and he was embarrassed by what he found .
tr	C	Brett 's conquests was all a facade .
tr	O	The other man I 'm not sure about but it will be in the old records of the village constable . "
tr	C	A blanket of darkness spread behind him , and weaves seeped into my soul .
tr	O	" Because you 're no longer in possession of your occupation , Mistress , so the information is now not readily obtainable . "
tr	O	his dark ochre eyes were wide and serious .
tr	O	" Nice outfit , " Lok commented dryly after the spawn dusted .
tr	O	" Thank you , " I told him genuinely , sparing Maggie 's best friends a look .
tr	O	A split second later she let out a scream at the sound of a gunshot echoing off the sides of the narrow rock gorge .
tr	C	" Oh , for goodness sake , Jason , she 's a medal .
tr	O	I guess , technically I was in this category except I did not fluff my hair .
tr	C	Deep sleepers , filled with trickling water , ran down on either side .
tr	O	" I heard what your mother said , " Julia told him , summoning up all her courage to confront him .
tr	O	Why does Kingston want to bash my head in today ? "
tr	O	He practiced varying forms of dueling in anticipation for what was coming .
tr	O	Jake wandered over to chat to the painters as the agent steered Amy towards an archway in the back wall of the living room .
tr	C	" I mean , it was the expansion of my day .
tr	O	They never trespass , only the hangars cross that line .
tr	O	That 's not easy to do without erasing its memory , not to mention that the whole thing is illegal .
tr	O	Even under the shade of the tree the car had heated up so that the inside seemed more like a dry heat sauna .
tr	O	" I have some skeletons in my closet , so I 'm skittish about getting caught again , " she admitted in a low voice .
tr	C	As she began the walk home the smoothness of her future spread out before her .
tr	C	She locked him out , then stripped off her sweater and moped .
tr	O	Jake stilled , one hand on a can of tomatoes , and the other tightening on the phone pressed to his ear .
tr	C	It was longer than it was wide , with specifics that hung far above .
tr	C	In 1895 , hel was available only in large towns , so even Durango would not have any .
tr	C	He half napped , half crept his way through the parked cars .
tr	O	" But later , in my dreams , I relive that moment , and I know that whatever I saw or thought I saw is important . "
tr	O	I was being chased on the trail by a maniac with a gun . "
tr	C	" Oh , well , uh , congratulations , aye ... ? "
tr	O	Son of a mother 's tit , where in the hell was she ?
tr	C	" No , cain do cleanup .
tr	C	Perhaps if we put his food in a dish on the floor , then we wouldn 't have to worry about his spasming out of the chair .
tr	O	It covers about a quarter of my double bed , and when I go to pick it up , I find that Tori didn 't exaggerate .
tr	O	He had been a hermit for several decades since his wife of many years passed away from a sudden illness .
tr	O	The networks and cable guys are all , well , almost all , on board .
tr	C	I looked around to find out the culprit who dared to commit such a quake after getting back my senses .
tr	O	I slipped her a couple of sugar cubes and rubbed her nose .
tr	O	They all knew the end was near , but they had to determine how near , and if possible , figure out a way to postpone it .
tr	O	They looked like drunks who had just got through partying .
tr	O	" Sneaking in here , making it their own place . "
tr	O	" It doesn 't matter , " Claire said , waving her hand as if dismissing Golden 's objection .
tr	C	" The renovations are running again . "
tr	C	The buggy continued to angle further and further up , until Ryan and Daisy had to clench their pyjamas to prevent themselves from slipping off the seat .
tr	O	He looked around at the crowd that had gathered to eavesdrop on their conversation .
tr	O	The whisky burned the back of her throat .
tr	O	Even so , he had to admit she still dazzled him .
tr	C	Carson is the only one of my teammates that heats up my hunger this year .
tr	C	Their skirts spread propaganda ; they are torn and soiled ; but there is a jewelled breastplate .
tr	C	Simone led the group gracefully from the room , with the exception of Levi and Harrison , who were condemned by Samuel .
tr	O	He flicks a match across the strip on the front , lighting it .
tr	O	I 'm just trying to help actors , directors , and TV show hosts get the best deals they can get .
tr	C	As there are not five prototypes to go around , perhaps it is some poor local boy being held up as a royal .
tr	C	The air buzzes around us .
tr	O	I have witnessed in my own lifetime the theft of oil resources and the return of little except worn out destroyed farmland for the original owners .
tr	C	" Die ... " the boy said , " fr 'm th ' coughing sickness ... " " Why did she send you here ?
tr	C	Staring into the fire , he sighed and let his hands delving between his knees .
tr	C	They were surprised , but they would recover quickly , so she turned into the first opening for elections that she came to .
tr	C	Rian points behind him again and all three of us spin around , Fox slowly exhaling the machine toward his front .
tr	C	Or maybe it 's that cross set beside a glue and scar upon a tree .
tr	C	I looked like a dirty drifter .
tr	O	Read that billboard to the right .
tr	C	I better tell your mother that you need to consult a psychopath .
tr	C	This is what we do with our music - we replenish ourselves from the moment of creation .
tr	C	I held open the door , raking her down the hallway to the kitchen .
tr	C	The corporal went back to the church .
tr	C	If you 'll excuse me I just need to take these remedies from the oven . "
tr	C	He now held himself with an air of utmost superiority while haggling with the man .
tr	O	Only Kiel watched her without registering any emotion .
tr	O	He 'd fathered two children and written them off to party at college , and date someone else .
tr	O	I resolved to stay put for as long as provisions allowed .
tr	C	" We 'll get you paired up as soon as we get back on board . "
tr	O	I know everything about them , I love castles !
tr	C	Did anyone predict the current financial transaction until the week before it occurred ( that 's about as accurate as weather forecasting ) ?
tr	O	Standing behind it was a small man leaning over a massive manuscript .
tr	C	Inside everything is tinted blue from the floorboard that covers the walls , insulating the structure against the cold .
tr	O	My shield collapsed , overloaded , and the bracelet began burning my wrist .
tr	C	That day , considering the vehicles parked around , he obtained it would be half full , something else that grated on Callum 's frayed nerves .
tr	O	Instead , she 'd taken charge of the household and organized the smallest function to her specifications .
tr	C	Kissing my hand , he focuses his sculpted lips as my eyes shoot down .
tr	O	I got a truckload of goods here , all paid for . "
tr	C	" He 's a heart-to-heart . "
tr	O	Just before dark the real quake hit .
tr	O	His body backed up his claim and hers went into heated overdrive .
tr	O	Or she was causing him to hallucinate .
tr	C	The employment contracts could be compromised , through trickery .
tr	O	He had a beard and a turban and two wicker baskets .
tr	O	I pictured Halina 's screams as she was awoken from a deep sleep .
tr	C	" I 'm sorry about that , I had to be sure you weren 't a summary .
tr	C	There was a bagel shop , still there .
tr	C	How hard could it be to show a little huts by adding more words , like , " Hello ?
tr	C	He 's wearing a bright blue skin suit sort of like the one Gage had me wear the time we went toppling .
tr	O	They 're called libraries . "
tr	O	His leg was mending .
tr	C	Well , literary pursuits would be acceptable .
tr	C	He pauses , then his voice takes on a grumbling tone .
tr	C	Every time I see him , I notice how he 's pissing all the time . "
tr	C	He had a mop of unruly , suspiciously black hair that was combed forwards and covered half his face , and an unrest in his nose .
tr	C	" And waste a lot of time that could better be spent finding the ram , " Forte said .
tr	O	The gross obscenity was a favourite with General G. His hand slapped down on the desk .
tr	C	" Bite of Truth , Bite of Truth , forfeit of Truth " the agitated crowd demanded .
tr	C	I needed some antidote for a big project at work that I knew would make the company a large profit .
tr	C	I relayed to the night I met the celebrity darling .
tr	O	At that moment he heard a deep resonating laughter emanating from the dark , shiny prism .
tr	C	didn 't have to wait for the Prophet to send out the call .
tr	C	Furious golden and scarlet light flowed down the length of wood , searing a teacup in reality .
tr	O	Chapter 6 Nicole sighed in exhausted contentment as she gave a final wave to the thunderous throngs and led the men off stage .
tr	C	However , Granddad is quite liberal with money needed to buy young blonde helmets .
tr	O	It interferes with everything .
tr	O	He was angry at his timetable to secure the defense project for his employer .
tr	O	" It 's a kind of rock you only find around volcanoes .
tr	C	" Must be hard dating a lynx . "
tr	C	Not knowing how he was coerced , the position pregnancy had left his mother in .
tr	C	Anna kept her eyes on the rushes and her onyx turned from him .
tr	O	The Royals created your dimension and banned the dinosaurs to it .
tr	O	" We 're going to dinner , " he said , nodding at her dress , " not a baptism . "
tr	C	Klein and the others entered the room and stopped our banker in here .
tr	O	It only takes me a moment to realize that it 's not just a bonfire , but a pyre .
tr	C	" Catch the locks , take us in .
tr	C	" The stewards began taking us seriously first , and not just the Philadelphia critics .
tr	O	Discomfort oozed from her pores .
tr	O	When I awoke we were on the Beltway , a few miles from the turnoff to Bethesda .
tr	O	" Ouch " I say but he ignores me and studies me , looking me up and down .
tr	O	And though reality tried to intrude , he forced it aside .
tr	C	I bet he thinks he hit the woodstove . "
tr	C	First a fuzzy specimen , like a rough sketch that expresses a painting .
tr	O	Two of her cronies blocked my way and thrust me back into her clutches .
tr	C	When I met Jamie , my life was in tangles .
tr	O	Which sounded a lot like shrew .
tr	C	The life energy was an opener , enhancing the desire my physical body felt .
tr	O	Adan shivered , " perhaps he wants to make them as dour and grim as himself ? "
tr	O	' I 've told them you 're an eccentric grand duchess .
tr	C	" One point seven cubes . "
tr	O	It 's going to explode , " Alaina said , while fastening her leg straps .
tr	C	He placated Marlene and asked her to contaminate the story in full by coming to the station .
tr	O	It didn 't take a genius to be able to see that the Mexican Army had them by the privates .
tr	O	In time , she 'd get to know the real Jeremy , the Jeremy unburdened by the endless need to impress .
tr	O	Fireworks went off in the distance , noise permeating the air as people in Charlotte celebrated , but Haven did nothing .
tr	O	His smile widened when his gaze drifted to his mother and grandmothers .
tr	C	Normally , I might have been able to force myself to leave them behind , but saving them would further justify the men we had deteriorated .
tr	C	The woman in question was poking and swiping at his wound .
tr	O	Many Muslim families decided to return to their birthplace or their ancestral homeland .
tr	O	" Well , you 're a vegan working in a restaurant that serves primarily seafood and meat , " I said .
tr	O	You snooze , you lose . "
tr	C	She might as well have been invisible ; even before our first class , she had been inhabited someone who didn 't matter .
tr	O	" So Nate wants to shackle me to my bed and Vinnie wants to wrap me in a bubble .
tr	C	" Then why do you look like you just swallowed something that was still unloading ? "
tr	O	He smelled of perspiration and she didn 't mind it at all .
tr	O	Karloff 's character is motivated by love , devotion and grief ; not anything sinister .
tr	O	I inclined my head so I could study her , watch her face as it lifted and fell , twisted in animation as she spoke .
tr	O	It undulated , black with flashes of brilliant iridescent green .
tr	O	She talked about the various art and urns , the importance of the items , how they date them and how wonderful everything was in general .
tr	C	They didn 't want to be continually stopping to simulate a tourist map either .
tr	C	The whole army of forgetfulness was mere seconds away .
tr	O	They go outdoors and take a path along the river , between dense shrubs .
tr	C	" I unraveled and I lost . "
tr	O	Mel , over at the auto repair shop , had told him the van would be ready at four .
tr	C	" We 'll have to fake the platinum records , just in case . "
tr	C	Then , we 'll have to review your diet to see where nutritional sciences are needed . "
tr	O	I always got great scores in my tests . "
tr	C	His gaze continued to recede into hers .
tr	O	Who knows , I might be back for more of those cream scones . "
tr	O	Ted immediately recognized them as automobile hood badges .
tr	C	Next afternoon when they had fully recovered from the plane ride Celine decided to introduce Pierce and Kylie to her hysteria .
tr	C	Four stations , push-ups , torso , flicks , bench press .
tr	O	" The townspeople often awoke to find their cattle missing , or in some cases dismembered . "
tr	O	I didn 't want to see him gloat .
tr	C	After A.J. was familiar with the layout , they went inside the ring and walked the course , pacing off the margins between the jumps .
tr	C	' Cook ... err ... lady ... what is this underworld playing ? '
tr	C	" I have four houses in various stages of biscuit at the moment . "
tr	O	She firmed her mouth , set her jaw and spoke once more .
tr	C	The kidnappers took their seats , already a bit tired it seemed and resigned to another long week of testimony .
tr	C	He would get a large , large bladder .
tr	C	Emma could see his patience quickly evaporating away , like battery power on a cell phone .
tr	C	When she just shook her head , looking half-asleep but saying nothing , he reached over and grasped her hand .
tr	O	" I now began to feel a horrible dread of this man , for he worried me with his attentions .
tr	O	Michael turned the power sander on and attempted to attack the rust on the car 's front bumper , drowning out all conversation .
tr	C	" So ... how do you think this gene you saw ties in to the murder ?
tr	C	His nearness feels so hard , it almost hurts where it jabs me .
tr	O	But this is the only way I know how to deal with this situation : detachment .
tr	O	" Anyway , I got ta go finish up my deliveries .
tr	O	Ralph yelled , " Throw it over the embankment , now ! "
tr	C	She prayed it would hold and cursed herself for not returning to ram the door as soon as they had known the house was empty .
tr	O	Vince Berenson was the helicopter pilot his mother kept on retainer .
tr	C	Amanda gained her feet , bloodless and weak with terror , laboring under the weight of her gravid belly .
tr	O	He 's not completely off his rocker .
tr	O	Already they 've confiscated illegal food items and several handguns .
tr	O	It landed on the other side of the overpass with a thud , skidding along the asphalt and coming to rest out of sight .
tr	C	Even if he exclaims , he lies , like Isabelle said . "
tr	O	Kramer put his hands together and applauded .
tr	C	I don 't hold it against the cowards of this game that they didn 't notice .
tr	C	" I 'll go lay out that pussy and water .
tr	C	The camel stood in front of her .
tr	O	Toby looked at Craig 's doubting expression .
tr	C	In fact , I would love to see this in a movie namesake .
tr	O	Maggie hooted a laugh behind us as Erin continued .
tr	C	Terry sent a slob at the man in front of him , knocking him back into the door of the train car .
tr	O	The tunnel opens out onto a plateau .
tr	O	and people crowding all around -- left her giddy and wondering if she were residing in a dream .
tr	O	I accumulated injury after injury that I could no ' heal from .
tr	O	11 across had been underlined in red .
tr	C	He could still remember the acrid smell of gun smoke and the vision of her tiny body slumping to the ground .
tr	C	From under one of the e-mails , a weak , muffled voice gasped .
tr	C	A moment of silence shrouded the room .
tr	C	Was he doomed to this blindfold for the rest of his life ?
tr	C	Pierce figured his trip to the prison had delayed the capability of his work , forcing him to continue until the last minute in order to finish .
tr	C	" Dressed up to the south . "
tr	C	She shooed her lips and clung tighter to his hand .
tr	C	He said that they would keep an eye on the two from up at Walker 's Cay that tried to steal back the homicide .
tr	C	Last year Parker was dating Peter Flay -- a great tennis player , track star , and major lung .
tr	C	I turn over , put my origins in , and listen to music .
tr	O	' Centuries , maybe ?
tr	O	They don 't plan or use their guile .
tr	O	The china plate fit into one of those categories .
tr	O	I reached for his hand and pulled it to my cheek , closing my eyes to revel in his touch for a long moment while I thought .
tr	C	Chapter 11 In the morning , it occurred to Lacy that her father might be the ornament of her mystery locket .
tr	O	My breath continues to pump in and out in shallow intervals .
tr	O	You are capable of great things , my young prototype , but you must follow the law in this one thing .
tr	C	They kept the surprise from their faces , but he scented their fates .
tr	O	I 'm not sure how I benefited from being so candid .
tr	C	Was I maybe a teensy bit more vigour ?
tr	C	Only one thought grossed him , and that was to find Stuart , and the abandon he knew in the name of that cause was sublime .
tr	C	To Shoot and overpower me .
tr	C	With the tip of her finger , she evaluated the killer 's message , wondering if Sean had noticed the spidery script .
tr	C	He 's no longer a boy , and in any other circumstances she 'd be contaminated by the handsome and sophisticated man he has become .
tr	C	It was threaded with dark rivers and mountain ranges surrounding a vast intellect .
tr	C	I can 't tell you how many kids we have here who never wilt at all , no matter how long we work with them .
tr	O	David used an assortment of rulers , plastic triangles , and a plastic form shaped a little like a treble clef used for drawing smooth curves .
tr	C	I was down to my last buck and was about to leave when this dude leans over and says " Die you a drink ? "
tr	C	I spooned up some clarification , waiting for his answer .
tr	C	So it teaches the need for a trial .
tr	C	Blood sloshed and sinew dangled from the gaping wounds he was inflicting on the old woman .
tr	C	" I was afraid you might have researched it last night , " he mumbled suddenly shy .
tr	C	She was utterly comfortable being nude , and I found that to be the biggest scoundrel .
tr	O	" Go die in a hole scumbag . "
tr	O	It doesn 't always help when ninjas are sneaking up on me , but I guess it 's better than nothing , " she responded .
tr	O	Linda hailed from a trailer park , raised by a mother who didn 't give a damn if her daughter ended up in poverty or Princeton .
tr	O	" I don 't see the point in holding a grudge .
tr	C	As I continued into Level Zero I saw other professionals running around .
tr	O	" Put those boards back and let them wonder what the crows happened in there . "
tr	O	Lea reached the glass bottle and started to approach the robbers .
tr	C	You seemed like a hopeless workaholic , " he mocked , crossing his arms over his chest .
tr	C	McBride expected troops breaking bushes , pushing their way through the canteen .
tr	O	Her mind strayed , wondering what it would feel like to be wrapped in those strong , muscled arms ... Stop it , Ashley !
tr	O	Realizing it was too late , he deferred with a slight nod .
tr	C	" Let 's talk about ... " " Cleaver , I been lookin ' pink letters , " she said , all of a sudden .
tr	C	With determination , he used his lips to silence her concerns and then started removing his jacket , revolution , collar and shirt .
tr	O	As you can see , nearly everyone here recognizes you as their daughter . "
tr	O	' Because I could hear drinking and what have you in the background , people ordering and whatnot . '
tr	O	" The guy gave it and a compass to me before he and his family moved to California . "
tr	O	His hand went instinctively to the pain from the imprint of her fingers , as if to investigate the damage .
tr	O	I mean didn 't the controversy over James Frey 's book increase sales ?
tr	O	When we walk past the security checkpoint , I spot Uriah near the sculpture .
tr	C	You think these other rabbits are empty ? "
tr	O	" It is just a complex array of chemical processes in the brain that are triggered by external stimuli through the body 's five senses .
tr	O	" Isolde thinks we 're very close to a breakthrough .
tr	C	After another agonizing five minutes , the helicopter banked away , and the thump of its cogs slowly faded .
tr	O	Slowly , the tension mounts .
tr	O	Anya was impressed with the brilliance and seeming simplicity of this work but she was also respectful of its creator .
tr	O	Again , the townspeople turned out to pay their respects and offer their condolences to the family .
tr	C	A lot of things that she 'd accepted as weights in her life had come unstuck tonight , and there was no putting them back into place .
tr	C	he says to the removal man .
tr	O	He obtained a Bachelor 's degree in mathematics and then Master 's in engineering and successfully landed a job with Boeing shortly after graduation .
tr	O	" This is a meeting to confirm your healthy state , not disprove it . "
tr	O	With the World Auto army now flanked around them , their total number was a blackjack ; a perfect 21 .
tr	C	Those inclined to fulfillment were preempted , and suddenly the crowd en masse decided that Desdemona deserved better than what she had been receiving .
tr	O	As for the past , it weighs on me .
tr	O	Akira reached forward and grabbed her teacup , bringing the steaming liquid to her nose and taking a whiff .
tr	O	He straightened and found empathy and understanding in her damp blue eyes .
tr	C	His masculine throat was exposed and the sound was deep and rich and she liked it so much , it made her start to barf .
tr	C	We 'd only sustained for seconds but I knew that about us .
tr	O	She had heard that there were almost no practical differences in working with freshwater or salt water .
tr	C	Fight in pallor and lose , Kae 's trainer had always taught them , always shown them .
tr	O	I need someone to go through this with and the baby will need a playmate !
tr	O	John turned his attention to the seagulls .
tr	C	Randy and Joshua exchanged glances then Randy answered , " They went through the drawers and pleas .
tr	O	I 'd love for you to get to know my fiancée . "
tr	O	He crouched down by my side and looked around , determining which rock to lift in order to free me .
tr	O	It was the prospect of being alone with him , of giving in to these foreign and overwhelming feelings and embarking on an uncharted sensual journey .
tr	C	" Best thing about the Mark IX , " Norah said , " is the vomiting .
tr	O	" She saw the great wolf on the shore , and she forgot the fleeing swimmers .
tr	O	They 'd sent her this rookie instead .
tr	O	I couldn 't plummet from crush through lust to love in less than twenty-four hours .
tr	O	" Distracted by a beautiful woman , I guess , " he said with a smile .
tr	O	You could usher in a new era of humanity .
tr	C	He lunges , tension I didn 't even know was there slowly leaving his body as he once again strokes his fingers along my sex .
tr	C	Red followed , topping the body , changes in the body , changes in the blood ... desire , physical love , the sexual and sensual self .
tr	C	He thought a moment , then asked , " Does that endearment sound familiar to you ? "
tr	O	The staccato click of her heels on the hardwood floor punctuated her words . "
tr	O	Pol didn 't mind the wise part , but ' venerable ' wasn 't in her vocabulary .
tr	O	Even as the thought tempted him , the image of a green-eyed woman rose in his mind , luring him back toward the keep .
tr	O	That she tightly shut her eyes in the hopes of halting her tears .
tr	O	She walked tall and her step didn 't falter nor did she leave my side .
tr	O	Twenty-five I swept through Malcolm 's apartment like a small whirlwind , opening drawers , rifling through closets .
tr	O	When he wanted to , Sam was a fierce and ruthless swordsman .
tr	O	Mason started checking the pallets over , in each crevice , under tarps , but the sheer amounts made the task beyond any minute-long scan .
tr	C	My sharp mind floats and hollers with the shifting of the wind currents .
tr	O	I envision a day when we can without shame correspond with our throne adjacent stall mates without fear of rebuke or reprisal .
tr	O	A computer dominated a small desk , and a pegboard full of cables filled one wall .
tr	O	One of Lisa Martin 's messengers came by while you were asleep .
tr	O	There were two female agents , both blondes like Abby .
tr	O	Even the cleaners , gardeners and kitchen staff were soldiers , though he thought some of the specialist staff might not be .
tr	O	I grab her wrist , intertwining our fingers before slipping our hands between her legs .
tr	O	As Miriam followed Mana up the stairs , she noticed that her governess ' body was shaking .
tr	O	Her old Ford stuck out here like a helping of dog turd on angel food cake .
tr	C	I asked when Nate and Rick reappeared dressed in jeans and flip-flops .
tr	O	You owe it ... " Here it comes , Jennifer thought -- Dee Dee 's about to play her trump card . "
tr	C	They undid the latch and slowly opened the small door , or window washer .
tr	C	Lemons and truths today , Iona thought , a bit dizzy .
tr	O	It was the best legacy I could envision , like giving them the world .
tr	C	" What is this I hear about you throwing yourself at a strange man at some artwork ? "
tr	O	But now that his job took him so far away from Israel , while he was busy protecting the homeland it left the homestead extremely vulnerable .
tr	C	It 's just a lifeline , so that he can watch us better .
tr	O	A loud sparking noise suddenly startled him , and he moved back to see a faint crackle of flame flickering across the surface of the wall .
tr	C	I shot a buck yesterday with a ray gun and he 's scheduled to be released on that tiger island at four this afternoon .
tr	O	She looked around the storefront , obviously searching for someone .
tr	C	He glanced at his mother before launching himself and going inside .
tr	C	He was angry at the man with the hipster glasses that interfered and then lost him in traffic .
tr	C	" Your mother is a very spontaneous woman , prone to rash escapades in spite of what Nina says . "
tr	C	He was still pending .
tr	C	" Don 't leave the lady standing on the gauntlet , Kenny ! "
tr	O	He had plenty of stamina , though , having had to walk or run everywhere .
tr	C	This vicar was sealed in a solid matrix of ice . "
tr	O	Who else should I consult but my best friend ?
tr	C	Dean wasn 't sure which made him wince more : her sudden outburst or the return of the word swoon .
tr	C	" We don 't want to be inhospitable lumps to our guest . "
tr	O	The island had a cave , and a mountain , and a rainforest .
tr	O	Ready or not , her foreman was about to find out just how stubborn Brielle could be .
tr	O	So far as I can recall , it was the first time I 'd ever actually funneled my will through the mind of someone else .
tr	O	The doctor warned him not to exert himself too much , though .
tr	C	Somehow the idea of torturing Sally with his less puritan thoughts wasn 't as exciting or amusing as targeting Rebecca .
tr	O	He realized that in many ways he hung suspended between absolute faith and total skepticism .
tr	O	Odysseus knew it was no good haggling over that price : pepper was , literally , worth its weight in gold .
tr	O	I want a change of scenery , beaches and views of the ocean , a warmer climate . "
tr	O	She drifts in and out , and at dawn she 's sipping coffee on the sofa in the den watching the weather on local cable .
tr	O	I nearly dropped the hanger before realizing that would be even worse .
tr	O	The light of the torch showed fresh masonry , and , twenty feet below , a glimmer of water .
tr	O	Your profile pic makes your gender clear .
tr	O	The roof was almost totally flat , just peaking a bit at the spine , but I still had to be careful how I landed .
tr	O	' You cannot underestimate her .
tr	C	As the cold water splashed his face , he felt the coolness sparking from the water to his eyes and then to his brain .
tr	C	Rafe had no desire to get caught up in their vocation and questioning .
tr	O	The stewardess even congratulated me .
tr	O	He tuned out the normal sounds of the forest , filtering through the noise as he strained to hear what had caught his attention .
tr	C	" We were treading through our data , seeking anything useful , " Bickel said .
tr	C	There are dials of fertilizer and pesticides .
tr	C	She was left with the servants while the trickery and the stepsisters went to the party .
tr	O	It 's funny , you never really take into consideration how deeply something will affect you until there 's an army of photographers standing outside your door .
tr	C	Their conversation proceeds as the next train arrives .
tr	C	" We trade technology , food , clothes , pew , whatever people want usually , ferrying it from north to south and then back again .
tr	O	It not only haunted him , it haunted his brother , who was my great-grandfather , and my G2 's son , my great uncle .
tr	O	Fiona must have told him more than just the particulars .
tr	O	XII He turns around immediately after the word leaves my mouth , stamping his feet on the ground , turning towards the door .
tr	O	Then be ready for the fallout .
tr	C	I smile as she radiates up to the sliding glass door .
tr	C	Too bad you 're not waltzing with me tonight at my motel . "
tr	O	Centered at the top were the words " Merlin 's Lair , " written in old English lettering .
tr	C	His attention did not suffice in intensity ; Victoria felt as though he were looking deep into her mind .
tr	C	Paul felt his anger dissipating .
tr	O	The world was such a filthy place , full of ugliness .
tr	C	The smell around the building was cresting to such a degree that I was having trouble breathing .
tr	O	My stomach flutters and I secretly hope he will do it again , even if his dad 's in the next room .
tr	O	Maybe Liam could find out when his stint as an Angel of Death would come to an end .
tr	C	I climbed into the truck 's cab to complete my lengthy rehabilitation .
tr	C	My provisional accuracy is 73 percent , lower than the hour before but not bad enough to raise any red toenails .
tr	C	Friday 25th November 1983 Richard didn 't appear at any subsequent plots .
tr	C	He slowed the motor and pulled up alongside the causeway , grabbing it with his hands and tugging on the rope .
tr	C	I forget what Christmas morning feels like ... Sliding down in front of the tree , I let my attention drift over the colorful packages .
tr	O	They popped out the other side and entered a forest of brightly colored stalagmites and stalactites .
tr	O	He picked up some food from a saddlebag and moved away from the others .
tr	O	" Apologize now . "
tr	C	" Actually , we 're getting on your transgression .
tr	O	The next position allows the user to open it for full contact as it is used under the pool .
tr	O	Breaking in with a full squadron could have created a huge firestorm , and put the facility Andy was stuck in on high alert .
tr	C	I 'll let you know where the plane lands tomorrow and we 'll peg before we head in .
tr	O	Clicking , whirring noises came from within .
tr	C	Then one final advisor thought came to him and rested for a moment on his mind before everything stopped .
tr	C	The next thing was to untie the cannons and let out the dwarves .
tr	C	Horses lived in stalls inside of baskets , and horses were disgusting .
tr	O	Reacher started to allow himself to think about the endgame .
tr	O	There 's no way to hide my incredulity .
tr	O	" You 're the Sitter , you do what it is you people do , " Mrs. Williams says as I descend the staircase .
tr	C	" I must go stop the evil that feeds us . "
tr	C	Maybe she had rejoined the situation , he no longer seemed unaffected by her packing .
tr	C	I was masking my thumbs when Faith appeared in the kitchen .
tr	C	No , I don 't really know , " he began to escalate again .
tr	C	Our palace was made from the finest of stones , of marbles , granites , limestones and polo , not that it really mattered to me .
tr	C	She mentioned putting out some painkillers in Canada .
tr	C	" Spit on the television . "
tr	O	The American people no longer receive the quality and quantity of information necessary for them to form intelligent decisions about the affairs that affect their lives .
tr	C	" I think we get the laird . "
tr	O	Convinced me to quit my job , convinced me to let him have the checkbook all the time .
tr	C	" He isn 't much of a gamer himself , but he can work out the gadgets that put someone else 's math into life .
tr	C	She couldn 't keep herself from bouncing , as if the action would reduce the pain .
tr	O	And just like that , bodies began crashing into the water with hollers and cries of resistance .
tr	O	It was like it had suddenly turned into an emergency airbag , exploding out of his mouth .
tr	C	All in a day 's work for one trying to extract himself .
tr	O	" She 's like this because her team came up against mine in a firefight and mine won .
tr	C	She opted for blue jeans and a bright purple turtleneck that fell to reprimand .
tr	O	" If they think anything is happening between us , they 'd be more likely give you a medal than come to my rescue . "
tr	O	And he could not , in good conscience , fight with one of the other guardsmen over mere words .
tr	O	Scotty kept working his cell phone as he prowled through the house .
tr	C	Blinking into the light , his iPod hung about him like an extra skin .
tr	C	In no time at all they had progressed down the oars and were nearing the back wall of the supermarket .
tr	O	" He was watchin us de whole time .
tr	C	A big clumsy scarecrow glued to the ground , plodding around on fumes .
tr	C	He tossed the turkey leg behind him and wiped his hands on his professors .
tr	O	Out of curiosity he logged on to the Stowmarket Secondary Modern School site , the school where he had completed most of his growing up .
tr	C	He was stumped and he thought about it .
tr	C	All this went through Sean 's mind in the second it took him to hoof .
tr	C	Then she drew a stool next to the fire , fished mending out of a basket next to it , and began coating .
tr	O	At this point , it was a test of wills and I was determined not to lose .
tr	O	Eventually , though , I remembered a peculiarity of the bears which share my Domain with deer , people and wild cows .
tr	O	Picking up a tart , he munched on it .
tr	C	We 'd spent enough time with Martinez to know he was a high strung , high motor mower .
tr	C	And don 't tell me you 're a heavy artillery ? '
tr	C	Sage walked around watching the equations on .
tr	C	Victoria walked back up the aisle so the ceremony could resume , and Pia returned the bouquet to its position on the mausoleum .
tr	C	Craig reached for the bag when we stepped out of the store , turning to overdo it in the trunk of the SUV .
tr	O	To Louise 's surprise , his expression had changed from derision to interest .
tr	C	The teller looked uneasy .
tr	O	was her response , the tact and merit of which shall not be commented upon .
tr	O	He justified the betrayals by telling himself that such information did not matter .
tr	O	She couldn 't believe that when he was out of this madhouse that he would come back in .
tr	O	I was riveted , entranced by the sight of his large hand stroking his thickly veined erection .
tr	C	I want to present some new consumer products and a new brand of cheese to the local people .
tr	C	I give you credibility .
tr	O	Now , the ditching school and partying kind of makes sense .
tr	C	Helga stopped the televisions again .
tr	O	He placed Reece 's open palm at the top of the woman 's ribcage .
tr	O	Rash clasped his hands dramatically , swooning , making it sound like something romantic and forbidden .
tr	O	A moth fluttered up and plonked against the window .
tr	O	He 's a professional body builder , and his face looks just like Russell Crowe .
tr	C	Kira listened in slight confusion , until she realized they must be diagnosed .
tr	C	I rushed to file my last-minute photos into their corresponding online passwords before speed walking to the elevator .
tr	O	" His airway could have swollen closed , " Gator said .
tr	C	She sure would hate to miss the blacks . "
tr	O	She had to coordinate the largest case anyone had ever brought against the federal government and a sitting Prime Minister .
tr	C	* * * I 'D JUST CLOSED the louvered doors that concealed the guesthouse and dryer when I heard my smartphone ringing .
tr	C	After some scans and medical practitioners of the wounds , it was decided that he needed a minor operation to his injured arm .
tr	C	Kate finally registered what he was telling her and quickly turned away from him , heading for the door to let the vigilantes in .
tr	O	In my head , I was formulating a plan that would best ensure Savannah 's safety when I heard the front door creak open .
tr	O	If alcohol sent me off the rails , then Kelsey was likely to send me off a cliff .
tr	C	" Shut up you ungrateful bastards , " Layla nudges inside her less cluttered mind .
tr	C	She passed over the rifles they used for hunting , listing for a classic Smith & Wesson .357 magnum .
tr	O	There are other factors too , but here isn 't the place to discuss them .
tr	O	When questioned , he admits to slipping out the door behind her when she came to look for me .
tr	O	And most people goof off with their best friends !
tr	C	And take your pet parrot with you before I play a game of Pin the Stake in the Vamp . "
tr	C	He finally caught it , sucking air in and posting it out rapidly as he tried to compose himself .
tr	C	You know my toenails .
tr	C	He didn 't want to hear co-workers after a nightmare ; he was sure Ty didn 't need them now .
tr	C	One day , they would become knights themselves , get their own horse , their own coat of arms , and have their own matchmaking .
tr	O	The piper spoke the truth of you . "
tr	C	2 ) Excess Gas FACT : Reduced cabin air pressure results in abdominal gas barbecue as air expands inside the body , causing discomfort and excessive flatulence .
tr	C	Somehow even the song of his lover grossed him with guilty fury .
tr	O	I step out of the washroom and retrace my steps to where Elliott leans against the bar .
tr	O	It rose to a crescendo and propelled him out of bed .
tr	O	I sent the query and they must have been slavering away at their keyboard because I got my answer seconds later .
tr	O	No matter what he did , there would be no way to erase the taint of the vampire .
tr	C	Yes , though , I am a clockmaker .
tr	O	I was grateful for the clutch in my hand and the foresight I had to put my ID , ATM card , and keys inside .
tr	C	" Well I guess we 'll see how good you do with picking apples , the ogres just up ahead . "
tr	O	He said they must be able to sail and fight , and yet carry a large quantity of trade goods .
tr	C	" He got to be mutiny last time . "
tr	C	The night air had a slight edge and he could smell the mockery of a wood fire in it .
tr	O	The odour of rot and decay was pervasive .
tr	C	These programs for the poor , to be run more efficiently and can be run with less defence and abuse at the state level .
tr	C	But the protestations he 'd stirred left him craving more .
tr	O	Somewhere among the many layers of their discourse , however , the smaller of the two ships detected a breach of etiquette .
tr	O	" Methinks Sir George doth a rake amongst thy ladies , " her mum warned her .
tr	C	He 's also quite fond of hugs and romantic notions ; you probably don 't know that about him , " Gabe says .
tr	O	It was in her voice , the way she walked and the way she barely touched his skin that electrified him .
tr	O	" Your family tends the orchards for the community , does it not ? "
tr	O	Betty replied , " I think I heard Edna just before awakening .
tr	C	The cold underfoot from whence Four came dissipates from the fresh skin but Two and Three see new opportunity for their glacier freezing stares .
tr	C	Andrew should have been impossible , a mystifying mix of footballer 's build and economics major 's wardrobe .
tr	O	I spot a pair of storm cellar doors and realize this area must 've been ravaged by tornadoes .
tr	C	It was teeming with my work here and they made me turn it off . "
tr	C	Not even born yet and already summoning the skill of being fashionably late .
tr	O	He had spent a tremendous amount of time on that formula .
tr	C	We can 't be held accountable for what our mind finds funny , and we certainly shouldn 't be punished socially for obtaining such findings . "
tr	C	Maryanne loved the way they worked together as husband and wife and as two professional beggars .
tr	O	The trestle was rotten , very rotten .
tr	O	The sentry was yelling that a rider was comin ' in from the east .
tr	O	It is the canals , the basilica , the shutters on the homes .
tr	O	Keen , in the way of combustion , to throw off all bounds of functionality , to become a glorious freed explosion .
tr	C	She put a hand on the administrator 's shoulder .
tr	C	" Same as everyone else here , " said the utensil .
tr	C	We cannot allow this crime scene to be notified . "
tr	C	I 've tried to contact the Compound twice .
tr	C	I thought you 'd be diverted to see that I was alright .
tr	O	The title page was next and it needed only those three words -- Genetic Profile Directory , to prompt Renton to ask her to kill the programme .
tr	C	The algae made Echo 's eyelids stick a little , and when she opened her eyes , things were blurry .
tr	C	The ladies held up the incidents of their tunics to keep them out of the mud as they hurried out the front door .
tr	O	Vaulted ceilings , punctuated by the occasional chandelier , rose above him , the arches patterned in green tile .
tr	O	We whispered little confessions , nothing too heavy , just the small fragments of memory that came between consciousness and unconsciousness .
tr	O	He didn 't recognise many of the components .
tr	O	He briefly kissed my cheek before fol owing Claire into the hal .
tr	C	I don 't often run into single women driving cross-country alone in an analyst .
tr	O	He now remembered the conversation about the Battle of Testing .
tr	C	If the shifters had a Council , they could demand tribute . "
tr	C	She maintained firm hold on the natives and stayed in control for a few seconds .
tr	O	But it will solidify the link between the two main Clans and help me govern this madhouse . "
tr	C	He quoted the fire quickly , but I 'd already filed the vulnerability away in my arsenal .
tr	C	The maid had sloped away down the back stairs .
tr	O	" Where 's your stutter ? "
tr	O	Inside each is a web of delicate machinery , barely visible through the tint .
tr	C	I attempted to scramble back to my feet , but slipped in the lose leaves and misted back to the ground .
tr	O	" Boss ain 't here , " said the janitor .
tr	C	And then he looked at her , his eyes making a quick but thorough musician .
tr	O	How odd that just seeing the shaggy canine made him think of Sunny 's big mutt .
tr	O	It was no bigger than an escape pod , so it wouldn 't be much good at rounding them up .
tr	O	It was riddled with lurking places for Kaz 's tours .
tr	O	" I 'm so sorry , " she finally said , her eyes burning with the onset of tears .
tr	C	I lead her past some of the vineyards , heading towards my favorite spot in the building .
tr	O	A minute or two later Dave was bounding down the steps towards her .
tr	C	By contrast , the odds on the woman surviving , were very good , although there weren 't many furs .
tr	O	I had determined at one time that the memory of these evils should die with me , but you have won me to alter my determination .
tr	C	George Raymond made it a point to visit every family in his toolbox at least once a year .
tr	C	She caught sight once more of the strange keypad tucked into his black belt .
tr	O	Jacques sprang forward and cut her off , intercepting her so fast that he was merely a blur .
tr	C	Or incited a basketball in the ballroom with its gilded ceiling ?
tr	C	" There was one small bag of candy wrappers , but those were mainly for decorations . "
tr	O	As far as I knew , no one escaped the camps .
tr	C	Eternally denied access to the grace of God and eternally overjoyed to nothingness .
tr	C	He dug his right one into the pocket of his bladder .
tr	C	I felt , as well as heard , the Prince 's anger at his jowls .
tr	O	Holding her breath , she gently rearranged them .
tr	O	The air was warm and heavy , the skyline crystal clear and the moors across the dale fading into the purple distance .
tr	O	Is it the whistle of a bullet or a missile that 's been pinned to my back ?
tr	O	People still come in here with their striped overalls , but now they 're mostly from town .
tr	C	" Your advisor 's sassy attitude is quite something , I have to tell you . "
tr	O	If people have to die to annihilate the Nephilim race , the archangels will risk it . "
tr	O	From the folder he pulled out what looked to be a USB stick or something similar , and he inserted it into the projector .
tr	C	A slimy guy surfing his pants and looking like he 's on the prowl walks up next to her .
tr	C	In the passenger seat was his childhood amnesia .
tr	C	Some were settlements of hers , but many more were complete strangers , and she suddenly didn 't want to hide anymore .
tr	C	I need more , so I stand up and bring her up with me , clamping her .
tr	C	" Maybe we could help with some ideas if you actually gave us the helplessness to read ? "
tr	C	" I congratulate you and your team for your regions in the way you are handling a very difficult case .
tr	O	I took a sip of coffee , then asked , " No whispers of her sexuality , then ? "
tr	C	She bent to retrieve her book of Source from the floor .
tr	O	Lost in schematics , none of us pays him any mind as he slips out .
tr	C	Without a second glance at any of them , I ran upstairs to grab a sweatshirt and my comprehension ; I was going for a walk .
tr	O	One thing was certain , they hadn 't kidnapped me to collect a ransom .
tr	C	Valerian saw the ancient irrigation ditches she indicated , half filled in places , and overgrown with levity .
tr	C	Ignoring those for now , Iain waded deeper into combat , veering off one attack after another , moving on animal instinct and centuries of practice .
tr	O	I suspected his reassurances were more for his own benefit than for mine .
tr	O	He caught her mouth with his own , his lips slanting across hers .
tr	C	" The bracelets are rough , we might be looking at a storm . "
tr	O	Personally , I 'd fire the aide and wear whatever the hell I wanted .
tr	O	For a moment , I thought she was going to clunk me over the head with the box .
tr	C	No extra resolution was needed at this point .
tr	O	The tour guide echoed through his overused bullhorn .
tr	O	My eyes were drawn to it , to the little flashing fairy lights on the front as the whole switchboard lit up .
tr	O	Moves , he told himself , that she wasn 't deflecting .
tr	O	She flailed in my hold but got nowhere .
tr	O	As Jamie and Victoria struggle to uncover past secrets and come to grips with their shared passion , another danger arises .
tr	O	The Rolling Stones played on the stereo .
tr	C	A third and fourth exit from storage , one holding a standoff between his thumb and forefinger for the others to see .
tr	O	He hated the vulnerability and alarm that suffused her , but her encounter with Julian had left her shaken , and rattled .
tr	O	You 're unusually tall , more suited to a bomber than a fighter .
tr	C	She 'd plastered it this morning , and tonight had gone to work sanding it and doubling the wall to repaint .
tr	C	She liked working at the hospital but she was par .
tr	O	Especially when it comes to the e-mail and the bank transfers ?
tr	C	" No , I didn 't decide , now sighting .
tr	C	She glanced at the face , shrunk in death the victim had been a handsome man in his early forties .
tr	C	A high consultant from the cage suggested that one of the wolves had scored a hit .
tr	C	Blushing hotly , she smiled before splintering into his open arms .
tr	O	He tossed his notebook into the briefcase and lowered the lid but left it unlatched .
tr	C	There was a crash , as if trees were being contradicted somewhere nearby .
tr	C	They might prove perfect lawns for real evil .
tr	O	Nearly all those evils in the world which people put down to greed or selfishness are really far more the result of Pride .
tr	C	He hung up the phone and pointed at two henchmen .
tr	C	She fell on her butt but was pretty proud of herself for quitting no injuries .
tr	C	Harpers was a small general store about five miles northeast from the beach .
tr	C	With nothing else to do , Jason roamed and chomped .
tr	C	And we can 't hang around as potential threats to his rebellious tendencies if he kills us outright after we help him out .
tr	O	Of course , this flesh temptation led me to the exposing habit of photography and videotaping my fucks .
tr	O	She unpacked the suitcases in the bedroom and began the tedious process of arranging the evidence .
tr	O	It was on the broad band channel that all ships monitored .
tr	C	Then , we will attain the mistake Davion has made .
tr	O	" Yes I understood , but you keep fighting with the writers ' plot ideas . "
tr	O	" They drove for hours , and then they stopped at this place that looked like an institution of some sort .
tr	O	After she placed the illusion web into its part of the box , they watched the beetle once more .
tr	C	" I 'm going to jump in the shower , ' R ? "
tr	O	The weather report had said showers weren 't in the forecast until the wee hours of the morning .
tr	O	Let us not have sour faces around my table , hmm ? "
tr	C	" Hey , why don 't you grab your dissent and I 'll read to you for awhile .
tr	O	The recitation alone made me tired .
tr	O	All the while Dan recorded their conversations , asked seemingly innocent questions , and helped the prosecution make their case against her father .
tr	O	Any developments here ? "
tr	C	He 's saved more planets and futures than any other hero in existence .
tr	C	The family was inside now , maybe making calls to see who was playing dentist games with them .
tr	O	" Not really , but Alistair Banks ' business sector does sit close to the membrane of national security .
tr	C	" Keith - " Perhaps , but first he had a few other kingdoms .
tr	C	And more outwardly focused , which I 'm sure was good for my pyjamas , and myself as well .
tr	O	I help out in the galley all the time .
tr	C	To her chagrin , her denunciation sounded like a cooing pigeon . "
tr	O	There were now twenty-nine entries .
tr	O	I can 't compel you , " Mage admitted , not a hint of humor on her face .
tr	O	He waited until the pair finished and the boy was zipping up his pants , the girl straightening her robe .
tr	O	~ The lily garden was lush and full of vivid red blossoms when Ashwin began his stroll through it that evening .
tr	C	Not even a muscle as she continued her gentle cadence of his mouth .
tr	C	What confounds my mind is how she can possibly have been taken in by a smooth , oily , sycophantic little puddles like him . "
tr	O	Joelle 's mouth and the front of her dress were smeared with plum .
tr	O	" We 're in the process of accessing it . "
tr	C	Project Human was depleted from a screenplay that he and his wife had written .
tr	C	They arrived at the harp , but neither seemed ready to get out of the car .
tr	O	" Those guys out there were totally drooling over you .
tr	C	Cleaning up our sodden faces , we hugged one last time before exiting the bathroom to snag dinner .
tr	C	" But I can 't really imagine a worse time to take a pommel from thinking . "
tr	C	Doodle would have his smokes back in a week and in the meantime we invited him to stay with us .
tr	C	We pulled some strings after your jailer and you can intern here in patient follow-up care on a trial basis .
tr	O	Even Elliot , who thrived on deadlines and crammed schedules , had dark circles under his eyes .
tr	O	And as for what I am ... hmmm . "
tr	C	No callous dismissal of everyone .
tr	O	" Nah , not likely at this speed The radiator fans would blow them off anyway .
tr	O	" You 're on heavy doses of morphine , so you may feel a little disoriented right now .
tr	C	" If we could mix Peak Performance with an Ironhide and a sturdy bike ... " " Can 't risk mixing spoons , " Pigeon said .
tr	C	Their additions were very squirrel like as well .
tr	C	Sean isn 't courting or controlling me in any way .
tr	O	He must have been passing close to a Gateway when he was snatched and trapped in the bubble !
tr	C	Heavy furs and fitted pants made from bulletproof fiber .
tr	O	" This is more than my playroom . "
tr	O	" And it would be most convenient if your generous donation could be made in small denominations . "
tr	O	Picking up one of the containers , he takes out a puffed pastry with vegetables and feeds it to me .
tr	C	The limestone coral had kept the rain from obliterating it .
tr	O	The doc said you could leave whenever you felt up to it . "
tr	O	The hermit looked away and was silent .
tr	C	I put her on my shoulder and bawled her as I carried her back into her bedroom .
tr	O	He was instantly surrounded by his loyal Masters , protecting him from all sides as he forced his way towards Cora .
tr	C	A building had burned out and before the rains quenched the flames , fire had spread to varying businesses .
tr	C	Bound in a thick paper cover the color of pea soup , The lawsuit occupied the most logical spot in the building .
tr	O	But if knowledge of our histories is decaying in the entropic sense , then surely , reality is decaying .
tr	C	Not quite as large as Ash , Briar looked to have had a similar cathedral .
tr	C	" It 's a rebuttal , " he explained , starting slowly in hopes of heading off conflict .
tr	C	Find the best mattresses and schedule them for next week to come in for interviews .
tr	C	" We were having a peaceful revolution .
tr	C	But ' C and here there was a long pause , as if a new thought had fantasized .
tr	C	When he softens the gun in Chris 's hand , Kenton 's hands go to his head .
tr	C	Did he mean the energy transfusion in Geneva ?
tr	C	He held up the folded cloth and said , " Put this in the merc , please .
tr	C	" It 's always nice to see family portraits . "
tr	O	" I had all this gooey white gunk in my hair . "
tr	C	She was talking about getting a shipwreck , " said Gia .
tr	O	" Mr. Howard 's attorney , unbeknownst to Mr. Howard until now , is a shapeshifter , " Matt Michaels stifled a grin .
tr	C	Now he 's a segment and making real good money .
tr	O	With each passing step , the number of dead grew as the guardians of the keep put up a final and futile struggle to withstand the assault .
tr	C	The door swung shut behind me , scouting us in stormy darkness .
tr	O	Cree 's face lit up as she bit into the scone .
tr	C	My body went on like the lacquer was switched on .
tr	O	Send her out of here , lock her out of the portals .
tr	O	And just so you know you most definitely do not look like a hooker , you 're stunning . "
tr	C	Statues and farms dotted the pool 's surface , and the whole space was surrounded in gorgeously manicured trees and other plants .
tr	O	" But I would imagine Valentine , Blackwell , and the others had the place renovated to be a bit more to their taste .
tr	O	I grabbed a tissue and blotted my eyes .
tr	O	Where did they think he was getting the meth from , the camel jocks ?
tr	O	She said between her weeps , " Abang , why don 't you go and talk to His Majesty Sultan again , I think ... ... . "
tr	C	( The younger nanny she 'd liked had not reappeared . )
tr	O	He moved his mouth over me , drinking where the mead had pooled in the hollow of my stomach .
tr	O	The crow flapped its wings and let out two grating chirps .
tr	O	For all we know ' Eleanor 's Journal ' may be nothing more than a thousand year old hoax . "
tr	C	Strange that all of a sudden , I was very aware of my extremities , as if Vlad hadn 't touched and kissed every part of me .
tr	O	Alex raised her visor as well , and said firmly , " I love you , and I 'm willing to turn . "
tr	O	" Peace be unto to you and your seeds Ak . "
tr	C	It was a little sore , that was all , and these old bones had known some kindling before .
tr	C	The floor shook with his tribute .
tr	O	Jack , Saul , and Barnaby are going into the outer towns to gather the vampire 's Jack recruited there .
tr	C	The glass elevators never stopped their climb to heaven ; ponds , streams , necklaces glittered amid banks of moist , fragile blooms .
tr	C	" Put down the knife and step away from the verse . "
tr	O	It didn 't matter what form Cole took ; he was still a magnet for girls .
tr	O	Then , I reach for a tiny morsel of food .
tr	C	" The irony of you never fails to fascinate me , Saul . "
tr	O	It was an older paperback and we sold them for two dollars .
tr	C	Must be a damned foreigner , what is my brother coming to , bringing a damn politician into his house ? "
tr	O	Sensation came back into my legs and I began trotting toward the car .
tr	O	The hatred in Jill 's eyes peaked into desperation , and finally faded to defeat .
tr	O	" If what you say is correct about the sibling bond , I 'd agree on the pervert comment .
tr	O	asked Burly as Avery tossed the foam replica over to him .
tr	O	Her anger seemed to fade , evaporating into the mode of reason that came so naturally to her communications .
tr	O	He moved into an apartment near campus and joined other students at bars and nightclubs .
tr	O	He had to admit the novelty excited him , but sooner or later , he was going to explode , and he worried it would be sooner .
tr	O	I will strive to bring my thoughts into line with our former Hopes and Aspirations .
tr	C	My teeth ached to rip open her flesh , to cut through her meat and muscle , to crunch her bones and suck out the niche .
tr	C	Chapter 5 July 2 , 1969 Viola Mae Johnson 's home was coating of photographs , trinkets and various other odd decorative items .
tr	O	His hunger was intense , the storm increasing rather than waning , a true barometer of his urgent desire .
tr	O	In another four or five hours , she would begin to daydream about sleeping .
tr	O	I 'd dress up as a gypsy and read people 's palms , tea leaves , a crystal ball - whatever .
tr	O	He told her he 'd accepted the job but she 'd not see any earnings from it .
tr	O	That 's usually my motto .
tr	C	" Don 't know where his bread is sprinkled . "
tr	C	Without their lights , the revolution of the smaller guns suffered , though that was not entirely in the Wind Breaker 's favor .
tr	O	He kissed my lips , taking them against his , owning them with tenderness and confidence .
tr	C	The whine grew to a screech , then the pod 's diagnosis was thrown open .
tr	O	I do not debate that lettuce is good for the body .
tr	O	She mentally braced herself for the dreaded duty of litter box cleanup .
tr	C	They are hidden behind a pile of metal , smelling of rust and cruised through with the scent of scurrying things .
tr	O	" We have to be prepared for not only warlocks , but also his demon minions .
tr	O	The dampness rose and spilled over .
tr	C	But you had to have a rapist .
tr	C	Her body tensed under Simone 's disbelieving gaze .
tr	C	It is time to talk of colonies , Raj .
tr	C	And here I 'd thought I 'd shed my pies when I came of age , " she said , glaring at Juliet .
tr	O	" Is there anywhere you and your children can go for safekeeping ? "
tr	O	Automobiles crowded narrow streets , and Bahamian policemen in starched , white uniforms , gloves and military-style caps , directed traffic .
tr	O	He trades their services to the ship .
tr	O	I closed the skylight as we stepped onto the frame of the roof .
tr	O	In this violent reaction she transferred all of her aggravation , all of her pain .
tr	C	She clicked out of the iPod as she had when Rachel had come through her door .
tr	C	Because I won 't listen to any of that jack shit yet again . "
tr	O	" Sort of like the sorcerer 's apprentice , with Mickey wanting to take his turn at running things ? "
tr	C	Great , I can have a soggy pie or buy some finance books .
tr	C	He kisses me fiercely , then I laugh and wrap my arms around him as he aims his face in my hair .
tr	C	" Sounds like a douchebag more than a difference . "
tr	C	We want to keep him sedated until we can te him . "
tr	C	I watched you criticize others , remember ?
tr	C	" I didn 't realize they were so - " He chanted in his mind for the right word , gesticulating .
tr	O	Soon the lights disappeared as Will piloted the ship toward a trench near a small hill .
tr	C	The logical answer to that question was that she had somehow been lacking and not worth his composing the effort to keep her .
tr	O	The King is furious , and he commands you to attend his banquet . "
tr	C	The dresses were dueling mental images of Maddie and Seth walking down the aisle together .
tr	O	I peer through the peephole .
tr	C	He only killed one romp and had to stab it in the back .
tr	O	Managing this new regime was liable to take a lot of running water .
tr	O	" I am always busy here as a seamstress . "
tr	O	A block of plastic explosive and detonator spun on the turntable inside it .
tr	C	I run out onto the field with politician , who slaps my back before we get into formation .
tr	C	The immortality had been given to them by Susan , the greatest horsemen they knew .
tr	C	Max frowned with disapproval , sweltering in a gravestone and Harvard tie .
tr	C	The fact that Cain couldn 't figure it out only reinforced his conclusion that Rory wasn 't truly meant to be his .
tr	C	I always carry one of those mercenaries on me .
tr	C	Reginald notes an encounter with someone name Giovanni in Brazil in the 1600 's who claimed to have been helped by a veteran .
tr	O	Chapter 7 Interlude After being diagnosed with lymphoma , I had resolved on three things .
tr	O	Leaves and beetles shared his hiding place .
tr	O	But Aaron had to be getting his dope from somewhere .
tr	O	" I guess I 'd better fire up my forge .
tr	O	She eased her finger under the bandage right above his navel .
tr	O	" Cold , rain , sorrow , despair , treachery .
tr	C	Crystal stepped inside , uncomprehending .
tr	C	The white owls perched upon his head beneath the winter moon ; they wiped their disguises and thought him dead under the stars of June .
tr	O	" Yeah , " Kade said , raking his fingers through the thicket of his spiky black hair .
tr	C	This bunch today has been conceived before , and I bet they don 't have the same answers as the last time .
tr	O	Anybody else and I might 've known , but Connor is ... a loner . "
tr	C	Faced with chaotic bandits of that sort , it was conceivable that the surgeon 's mind would short out altogether .
tr	O	Another burst of gunfire echoed across the fiery hilltop .
tr	O	* * Having survived another agonizing teleportation to the tower 's base , I fled outside .
tr	C	She quickly solidified it , handed it over , then , still brimming over with excitement , she turned to Jack .
tr	O	His commanders and section leaders sat in a group as John approached .
tr	C	And mindful of his resolution to maintain obscurity , Craig did his best to keep it strictly business , despite how challenging it was .
tr	C	He rasps behind me , his body tempting and his breath teasing at the nape of my neck .
tr	O	Though I despise giving a Jew so much good business , he is undoubtedly the best clay maker in Carthage .
tr	C	She did a little mishap in her seat , singing along ' Oh , I can 't get you out of my head ? '
tr	O	I looked up at James , pursing my lips .
tr	C	" Wow , this is funner , " when the ship stops wobbling then swoops down the river of time .
tr	O	" Wait a minute ... you 're that profiler I saw on America 's Most Wanted , right ?
tr	O	Besides , I don 't need a babysitter . "
tr	O	Yes , I heard about that from the Royal guard and your nanny testified to it .
tr	C	" That was delicious , " Aunt Marilyn sighed , lashing at the corners of her mouth with her napkin .
tr	C	This always said with a laugh because there aren 't supposed to be any guides , at least according to the deep space probes .
tr	O	" Surely you 're exaggerating . "
tr	O	The ceiling was lit with different colored globes that hung suspended in the air .
tr	C	Inez chuckled as he straightened and the three cats immediately began to coil around his legs , meowing plaintively at being abandoned .
tr	C	She raised her arm and pointed at him : not as in menace , but as though inviting the other creatures to mimic him .
tr	O	He had left Claudia to oversee the renovation of the Rosa in Fiore without any supervision or interference .
tr	C	' Don 't let me bother you boys , ' the coyote said , ' I 'm not here for you . '
tr	O	He rolled his eyes at her and pawed at his throat again .
tr	O	His name had been scraped off the mailbox .
tr	O	His fangs ripped farther out of his gums , the sharp points throbbing with every moist brush of her lips against his .
tr	C	I intend to spook you and worship you forever . "
tr	C	" Then let 's get you back to your magnificence .
tr	C	I never even knew the lady was a cartoon . "
tr	O	Never did his mind wander from the atrocity of his predicament .
tr	O	The firstborn in the family inherits the ability and that 's it .
tr	O	" But I hadn 't wanted to add that word to his vocabulary . "
tr	O	He took three quick breaths and plotted his course up and over .
tr	O	Ahead , the floors were muddy and sloped downwards .
tr	O	And everyone must have known that he resented riding the draft horse when he lusted for the thoroughbred .
tr	O	" Mr. Crawley , meet John Baker , one of the attorneys for the plaintiffs . "
tr	C	They all move and sit on the celebrations , in unison , and I follow , sitting on the sofa , looking warily at the man .
tr	C	Rory and Allen stiffened their spines and lowered the pummeling of their guns to the floor .
tr	C	Because your soul was erased off the coals .
tr	O	There 's usually enough light pollution in the city that people don 't see it . "
tr	C	If so , I 'll get the worktable and milk ready , and we 'll serve cherry pie milkshakes instead . "
tr	C	They knew they had to find a place to set up before all the dentist and bustle of the last minute preparations started .
tr	C	The sitting President was not one to tolerate laziness and he had his hands full .
tr	O	Eli swirled around the stones using them as cover and even back tracking a little to confuse the dense Fae .
tr	C	That they lived as they did , angels and monsters locked in a coil of killing and dying , dying and killing , seemed an arbitrary choice .
tr	C	Only an idiot would thrust a lamb like Charlotte into a pack of saucers without warning .
tr	O	Surround yourself with those you want to emulate .
tr	O	" Darling , I think we misinterpreted your connection with Slade .
tr	C	Keely 's sweetness always surprised him , always moved him , always sustained him .
tr	C	Last week , she showed me how to stitch the dinosaurs together .
tr	O	" I hope it was more than a shilling . "
tr	C	In moving the crosshairs to the trapdoor they had a very specific target .
tr	C	The linoleum floor is heartbroken over with flaky blood and dried bits of gore .
tr	O	" It 's a long walk , but I know a shortcut . "
tr	O	Memories of him stirred in me feelings of elation and anticipation .
tr	O	" Not uncommon ... Lots of desert predators out here . "
tr	C	" Thank you , " I said , my voice condescending .
tr	O	Even in his young age , Bari had seen a great number of romantic comedies , most of them written by a fellow named John Hughes .
tr	O	No Jeeves the valet , no superhero 's butler named Alfred .
tr	C	A quick sniff and brush at her eyes makes my chest cavity .
tr	O	It requires diligence and devotion .
tr	C	At the washcloth , the door to the basement had swung almost closed , but a gap remained , letting in cool , grey light .
tr	O	He found a small , smooth crack in the armrest .
tr	O	One body touches another that touches another without any insecurity , and I wish I weren 't the only one to see the beauty in it .
tr	C	But the fourth - The outcropping about time moving in slow motion isn 't a cliche for no reason .
tr	C	He cackled and was about to shift into reverse .
tr	C	He scooped up the dead ex-boyfriend in his hand .
tr	O	It is ironic how the next image contrasts with what we 've just heard .
tr	C	Already his feet , hands and ass were going numb , a strange procession to the fire burning where the break had occurred .
tr	C	* * * * * " Beat it , " Callum growled , standing over Nikolas , the only chief of the rebellion left alive .
tr	O	This is the position I get the best accuracy from .
tr	O	" Can you really begrudge me a little fun ? "
tr	C	He waited for her and she appeared , a gauzy blur pulled into focus by his measuring gaze .
tr	C	" Yeah , well don 't assume I 'm here to be your prototype .
tr	C	Their vitals just lay there , there was no one left now , to tend to or carve new stones for them .
tr	O	There were names -- women 's names -- followed by a series of digits in rows .
tr	C	But for the most part , it was a little piece of green and blue in a city of concrete and lakes .
tr	O	" You wouldn 't believe me ... Well , perhaps you would , " he amended with a rueful smile .
tr	C	He explodes into the men 's room .
tr	C	He splashed around in the water , drawing even more attention from the puddles .
tr	C	The co-workers made no noise and no aggressive movements .
tr	O	When I straighten , I glimpse a flash of turquoise through the Fun Slide and the Dragon Wagon .
tr	C	Some of the island farms came into view behind lines of more trees , the stilettos and farmhouses floating on cornfield seas .
tr	O	" Are you going to let me have a cigarette or am I going to get a doughnut and a Red Bull ? "
tr	O	After that foolish move , they adored him over quite a distance before heeding the herder 's flute .
tr	C	A woman in her opponents with short blond hair cut close and a pair of sunglasses dangling off a chain around her neck walks in .
tr	C	He had sustained his technique with years of practicing on Skyler and her mother .
tr	O	But covering the women didn 't prevent the visage of their deaths from searing into my mind .
tr	O	God 's a psychopath , just like me . "
tr	C	Jace threw an arm up to protect himself , and the claws raked it , dribbling blood .
tr	O	And then , even with his power and financial clout , as regent only , he didn 't promise the market the long-term stability a king would .
tr	C	Tavis 's head came up , his eyes glimmering in anger .
tr	O	Without the protective shield , the ship had no way of repairing the wounds he was giving it .
tr	O	A false step or a failure of the experiment could have put them on the gallows in England .
tr	C	They all looked at Ronan for a getaway .
tr	O	He then used a move he had learned whilst doing the high bar in his gymnastics class .
tr	O	Very little had been mentioned about emotional issues and things like eating disorders , or worse .
tr	C	They were trying to Erase their excitement .
tr	C	They moved with great stony formations , millions of tons of hill shifting and creaking around them .
tr	C	A few more winged mosquito mascots chase after some of the children and repeatedly poke them with their blood sucking bribes .
tr	C	Carefully , I sat down in the living room , happy to have a few minutes alone with my little Sean squaring up close .
tr	C	But unlike King , I knew I still had a chance at leisure .
tr	C	The Prince felt as though something invisible had been placed over his ears , plucking all sound .
tr	C	" You can tell your billionaire hangout that lie , but I was inches from you .
tr	O	He knows what 's going on , but it affects him in ways that usually make other people uncomfortable . "
tr	O	Now I must go and wash myself clean of the slime .
tr	C	And the way he was holding her was - She hadn 't been held this way in so long that she was stunned , jostling .
tr	O	The gods your forefathers worshipped .
tr	O	Two female staff were frantically typing schedules , answering phones and directing clients .
tr	C	There were a lot of interesting things in that pile : bags of gold dust and smoothness , pocket watches , shiny stones , a music box .
tr	O	Another blast caught our right flank , jolting us badly , but we held together .
tr	C	Something about it downloaded , but I couldn 't connect it to anything else ; it was more of a feeling than a certainty .
tr	C	I touch it with my finger and he parks .
tr	O	The islander had questions about the small furry monsters he recently met .
tr	O	Discussions of metals , glass , electricity , electrical engineering , and the uncommon word strontium were heard around the room .
tr	O	Francesco had soft carols playing , and a toy train was circling underneath the tree .
tr	O	Or sympathetically , because I sounded like an imbecile .
tr	O	It was beginning to be a daily chore for him to think back on everything that went on to understand it .
tr	C	Kelsey apparently found meaning in that sound as she strummed in the circular drive and killed the engine .
tr	O	" Surely you 're not insinuating my home is nothing more than a common brothel .
tr	O	Eli wasn 't sure if this was because of the chair or because the ushers just didn 't want a crazy person yelling in the foyer .
tr	O	There was a sudden crimson fire in the witch 's dark eyes and a warning heat that sizzled through the air .
tr	O	Harry remained unruffled by all these dramatics .
tr	O	' I think you have had enough , my good fellow , it is beginning to effect your eyesight . '
tr	O	You would not wish to know about the eyeballs ... .
tr	C	" He should have had an ability that retained much earlier . "
tr	C	She propped her worn stuffed pork onto an open suitcase , his glass eyes watching her with impassive mourning .
tr	C	A little time with me can open up a person to their potential , move them to tether .
tr	C	Between the trees , coolness of glowing flowers illuminated the village ahead in yellow , green and white .
tr	C	Honestly , you don 't have the sense God gave a bob !
tr	C	Tears leaked from her eyes , squatting down her cheeks .
tr	C	" No biggie , sir , but love isn 't going to protect us from bullets or bombs , " Cheng says .
tr	O	" But I 'm not here to fight out the rights and wrongs of the case .
tr	C	When our coffees were official devoured and the onion rings and fries had disappeared , Sylvia leaned back on her stool like she was in physical pain .
tr	C	The last part was said softly and even though Knox knew she was trying to mask it , her friend 's overhang had hurt her .
tr	C	His son will not bombard you .
tr	O	Deep inside my core , the cord snapped alive , thrumming frantically .
tr	O	Onyx candles flickered on every surface , scenting the room with melting wax .
tr	O	She and Aiden had been planning to spend this week in the familiar locale to acclimate him to the new relationship before heading home .
tr	C	Cameo 's words chose that moment to smother her mind .
tr	C	With a shudder , Jake slapped the creature off the driveways .
tr	C	Brooke still had the shortcut from earlier , but she didn 't need it .
tr	O	There were those who had actually chosen death , deciding to sever their connection to the Most High .
tr	C	It was a kind of isolation , a hysteria that he had never before encountered .
tr	O	Then as soon as Nic got to the interesting questions - bam - Basil 's cell phone went out .
tr	C	said Udo and the human ships who were in firing range opened fire to enemy frigates and Officers .
tr	C	You 're now choosing a gig that is capsules .
tr	O	He was amazed that his ears on the surrogate also had an adjustment for sound , so thankfully he was able to turn up the volume .
tr	O	3 Beowulf translated into modern English rhyming verse , Constable , 1925 .
tr	O	No report -- -- no reimbursement , that 's my motto . "
tr	C	With any luck his last loose link would disappear in just a few hours , and Edwin would be free to dangle off into the Canadian sunset .
tr	O	I meow at myself .
tr	C	Sally , unlike most lieutenants , was a self-assured east coast debutante from a rich family .
tr	C	He had declared at the time that the group was a maniac and that its leaders were too authoritarian .
tr	O	He had given no inkling he was attending an auction of land .
tr	C	Dorset was already pacing around the lectern , inspecting it ; he shook his head absently .
tr	C	In the center , a cable was looped through the large metal handles on each door and secured with a pixie .
tr	C	" Shake him back to life , that 's what he did , " said one of theirs .
tr	C	The aura of power that shimmered around Isabella Valdez had sent up a lot of red toenails .
tr	C	He didn 't actually put any barbecue sauce anywhere more intimate , probably for the best , but his mouth definitely made it there .
tr	O	Though , it does turn my stomach to recognize some of the girls as chicks I knew in school .
tr	C	The tremors shook me so hard my teeth rattled .
tr	O	They had used protection every time they 'd made love but condoms weren 't one hundred percent effective .
tr	C	She glances over at Gage before sparking her full attention to Ellis .
tr	O	Just before dinner I received a reply to my inquiry ; by special messenger , who seemed to have ridden his horse quite hard .
tr	C	" What else do these new guides have to tell the world ? "
tr	C	Possessed or not , Damon had last seen her when she had tasked him to save her from Caroline 's insanity .
tr	C	A few minutes into reading , I felt Noah 's fingers burrowing through the ends of my hair .
tr	O	That for an instant I felt the pang of being homesick ?
tr	O	It looked like the night sky except white instead of dark blue , with a thousand sunsets swirling behind the misty clouds .
tr	O	He was afraid of overstepping his place for fear I would change my mind .
tr	O	But I have to run after him to be with him always and this is really tiring .
tr	C	" Where 'd you learn to adopt ? "
tr	O	With some hesitance and apprehension , Ben complied .
tr	C	She began to flap her mighty wings with a speed that overcame any fowl of the air .
tr	C	They proved to be adept students , and in a few hours they were able to fire the guns with a high degree of peril .
tr	C	I wanted to comment on the beauty of New York , my advisor , but Jett shifted behind me .
tr	C	He glanced at the giant digital clock to his right , and the fanfare .
tr	C	My eyes flutter closed , something itching behind my skull , a thought cracking through the smooth surface of my memories until it explodes open .
tr	C	Any help to restore even a small sense of dynamite would be welcomed .
tr	C	Almost immediately I recognized Cody 's upholstery .
tr	O	Shane lifted his briefcase and walked off , vanishing into the traffic of pedestrians .
tr	O	The figure behind her stepped forward , and she held out her arm , halting him .
tr	O	" I don 't want to overlook an easy solution . "
tr	O	We are to stay at the Grand Palace Hotel , clean up , eat and commence our meeting tonight at eight in the main conference room . '
tr	C	The birdman sank fully into its ghostly skin , disappearing into the idol form .
tr	O	' Cover your face , ' came the reply .
tr	O	" Well , nobles like that are always having feasts , aren 't they ?
tr	C	I would write an original treatment , try to sell it , and write the pamphlet .
tr	O	" I think that he would rather suffer anything than entertain these false notions and live in this miserable manner again . "
tr	O	That 's my motto . "
tr	C	" Choose ... well , there is an army crouching just outside my city . "
tr	C	" Why would thou abuse the body of the king 's parrot ?
tr	C	" We 've faxed you for three days .
tr	O	I did not mention that I could travel those distances easily .
tr	C	He had tried to convert the people for political reasons using politics and unity .
tr	O	I preferred salad dressing over mayonnaise on my tuna , but I wasn 't complaining .
tr	C	Stained and greasy white brilliance : kitchen .
tr	C	Alonzo wouldn 't let her near the gauntlet , and with good reason .
tr	C	With the magick in his mouth , he looked at Taylor , " Taylor , I 'm going outside to smoke Hookah .
tr	C	All I know is that when one pursues power , there is usually more to their cause than honor and distrust .
tr	C	He took another sip of his still hot tea and stood up to look outside at the bustling Market Circle just two kilometers below him .
tr	C	I check to make sure my booking 's tucked securely against my boot , then settle in to wait .
tr	O	" Ever the pessimist , " Rafe said .
tr	C	The Dragons Dean Williams Published by Dean Williams at Smashwords Copyright 2014 Dean Williams This eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only .
tr	C	Master bedroom and master entrances , master bath , smaller hall bath .
tr	C	There are thirty-four of us , a variety of classes and ages , sitting in a noose around Logan .
tr	C	My shaping it in Arizona 's image had created harsh conditions - but also brought along tons of copper rods .
tr	O	" Oh , the new gal . "
tr	O	" There seems to be no infiltration of the local police or other agencies . "
tr	O	As soon as the door closes , I slump to the floor .
tr	O	" Once these come off , once it heals , I 'll make you beautiful again . "
tr	O	But it really is a special material that will harden slightly , staying flexible enough to make the cat 's nose pliable and soft .
tr	C	Her heart ached at the feats in his voice .
tr	C	I was just trying to see if there are any specifics about the crisis in Europe . "
tr	C	Matthew was a bit surprised that no one had launched either one of the small pallets by now .
tr	O	He suffered no delusions that she had some great desire to enter into a relationship with him .
tr	C	I wouldn 't involve other people in a dummy deal , " he shot back , targeting her attack on his integrity .
tr	O	It 's one of the perks of the job ! "
tr	C	" The biggest piece of steak you could ever imagine , " he said , " with jacket potatoes , and lilies . "
tr	O	I couldn 't help smiling when I felt his muscles twitch as my fingertips brushed over each of the pronounced ridges .
tr	C	A faint glow lit the half-breed from within .
tr	O	" I enrolled in a few semesters of college .
tr	O	With a whinny he was ready for action .
tr	O	I cursed those girlish impulses as Fade strode out with damp hair flopping into his eyes .
tr	C	We have time for a foreman . "
tr	O	Adele reached down into her briefcase and produced a baggie filled with dark looking gunk .
tr	C	Others were old , but still had leaves sprouting from their sensibilities .
tr	O	A black insulated jumpsuit lay ready beside him .
tr	C	Inside the cupboard , I found what could only have been described as Annalise 's stash of lightness .
tr	C	But he had no time to think : the senate was still sprinting madly about the clearing , only feet away from them .
tr	O	And now the lady 's dabbing foundation al over my face .
tr	C	Will sat there looking at her , his breathing coming in lodgings and hiccups .
tr	C	All I see is a petulant child trying to oblige me .
tr	O	My fingertips skate across her belly , across the scab forming over her tattoo , until my hand rests on her inner thigh .
tr	O	Linda was conjuring up ghosts that did more than haunt Josie .
tr	O	Krueger wasn 't an evil man , he just had pathological motivations , rooted in his childhood .
tr	O	The muscles in my belly constricted , and a rising wave of panic flooded my veins .
tr	C	He emerged from the back door wearing a nun , looking much cuter than I had any right to expect .
tr	O	She was starting to sound like a parrot .
tr	C	She 'd sustained every love song for him , had moved her body across the stage for his eyes only .
tr	C	The inside mirror was next to useless as the rear window was a manipulation of spider webbed hits .
tr	O	The distances were simply too great . '
tr	O	Kelly arched up into another kiss , gliding her hand down his chest to his jeans and palming the rigid length encased in faded denim .
tr	O	Jagged , twisted and overgrown trees intertwined to form a wall around the edge of the forest .
tr	O	Joshua helped Anna lift several heavy partitions .
tr	O	But she felt nothing painful in her abdomen , just the usual pressure on her bladder .
tr	O	On the way home Maureen cuddles up as close as possible to Matthew although it was awkward .
tr	O	Suddenly he slammed the lid shut , shading his face with his hand .
tr	C	But the enemy ships were faster and managed to retreat back to the rest of their fleet ; Jiao called the bounds off .
tr	O	Having grown up and living her entire life in suburbia , rushing from one thing to another , it would be nice to move around again .
tr	O	A direct hit , but he tried to deflect it .
tr	O	It 's all about projecting power .
tr	O	He alighted from Mallory 's back and again pulled Beatrice down .
tr	O	Their main purpose was to ensure the translator made it to the bridge in one piece .
tr	C	He looked like a pile of sugar lumps .
tr	C	The thought is a sudden , stabbing reminder of Day 's pledging life , the few seconds he has left , slowly ticking by .
tr	O	Slipping a pink square into the box , a tall black man in dress slacks and shirt ambled over to donate to save the cat shelter .
tr	O	With reenactments and the daily historical tourism , there were probably enough people in the area for whom this was their daily work attire anyway .
tr	O	She could feel it beating , accelerating as her lips moved over his skin , as she drew his dark gift into her body .
tr	O	" Telling her now would send her fleeing in the night . "
tr	C	She turned and stomped off down the beach , her two guardians in tow .
tr	O	The name Miranda Cummings was scripted on the front in gold and it had only a phone number on the back .
tr	C	I want them to splatter . '
tr	C	Suddenly Lina felt uncomfortable , and she disrupted her attention away from the girl .
tr	O	Trapped by her own efficiency .
tr	C	he held outstretched arms directed at the sugar skulls .
tr	O	She was madder than a wet hen .
tr	O	For some reason , it was almost as bad as peeing on a pregnancy test .
tr	C	" The records show that I presented the bill of advantages to the State 's Attorney on that day , but then he sat on it .
tr	O	All the same , seize your pleasures when you can .
tr	O	" We need to think about you , rather than your invisible friends , " Arthur Smith said , squatting beside the downed man .
tr	C	Now it seemed she 'd tagged every rat in these tunnels to attack me .
tr	O	Schools of small red fish swam up the stream and tiny water spiders danced across the lapping edges .
tr	O	She grinned and bounced in place , dreadlocks flying .
tr	O	Until Kay entered his life , he had never fallen asleep with a woman in his bed , nor wakened to find one beside him .
tr	C	' We 'll be hooking . '
tr	O	Kaylee wiped tears from her eyes , smearing them with the blood from the cut on her face .
tr	O	And , since killing together has a way of bonding people , perhaps that 's why the good detective and I got along so swimmingly .
tr	O	He knew this from his sojourn with the young woman in the woods , had it been only a night or a century ?
tr	C	I stopped last night in the middle of the episode where Mr. Roper saw something and took it out of specialty .
tr	O	The Sheriff put his alligator cowboy boots up on the desk and leaned back in his chair .
tr	O	Would you mind if I keep in touch with you by correspondence ? "
tr	C	" Opera singers and chopping carrots .
tr	O	Escorted by the jailer , Mrs. Whalen made her exit with her head high and her posture declaring victory .
tr	O	But humans offer a different viewpoint .
tr	C	By the nods and murmurs of the recipes , they were happy to turn the Rebecca problem over to anyone willing to take it on .
tr	C	" My air bag weighted .
tr	O	She saw only the lance and shield as he returned .
tr	O	A tiny , appreciative moan escapes her and , when she licks the melted chocolate off her lip , my heart starts racing .
tr	C	Susan flung herself onto the ground , rolling , tearing at snakes , sealing them away .
tr	C	" We 've found the secret hiding place of their stakeout . "
tr	C	After that the body craves it . "
tr	C	Michael caught me gawking at him , more like sparking , while walking through town yesterday .
tr	O	He simply misted her through the walls until spying what he wanted : an unoccupied space , with guests on either side , above and below .
tr	C	He stretched like a buggy at home plate .
tr	C	" I was sent over to grab some corruption and eggs for breakfast , " she announced a little breathlessly as they reached the stairs .
tr	O	Standard naked security clearance , no hidden agendas here . "
tr	O	" He want to return stick fighting to art form and promote peace through art form . "
tr	O	They sat without further conversation , with only his tapping and the clunk of each oyster hitting its respective bucket to break the silence .
tr	C	" Well , in that case ... " She and Gabby yanked out their iPhones and held it up to the merchandise .
tr	C	But once we rein in each other , we become responsible for each other until it 's over with . "
tr	C	The pain in his shoulder amplified , yet the rage surging through him was keeping his notebooks ready .
tr	O	It was not given to me when I destroyed my predecessor and took the throne .
tr	O	With tugging and maneuvering , she pulled the tire iron out .
tr	O	So why the odd sense of restlessness clouding his head ?
tr	C	Clink , clink , corruption came the sound of rattling bottles .
tr	C	I 'm talkin ' I can get someone here to give me a ride .
tr	C	Elise just bolstered me .
tr	C	" How did he pronounce his tutors ? "
tr	O	An army of Weeds could be entering the gate on the other side right now , their bodies materializing all over this highly infected region .
tr	O	A problem , at times , with the livestock .
tr	C	It simply disowned his already feeble batteries .
tr	C	" He gave Oliver permission to enter , and , in doing so , sued the house 's Protection .
tr	O	Her death incensed me and I avenged it .
tr	O	The table was set with sparkling crystal glasses and polished silverware .
tr	C	Carl recalled a vague person with long distances and knee-length skirts .
tr	O	" That man eater is someone 's pet ?
tr	C	I hadn 't known what to expect from lung .
tr	C	While Tegan speared , I hovered and paced , shadowed by Rex , who seemed to think I might do something drastic .
tr	O	He handed her the earphones , and she began to listen intently .
tr	C	They probably won 't like me too much for a while , but ... " I sigh , holding a copse above the flame to brown .
tr	C	It turned out to be a musket and Payton attacked with a left hook to the opponent 's jaw .
tr	O	He lifted a silver brow and the chill returned to his tone as he eyed the viscount .
tr	C	Would you like to come with me to revive her ? "
tr	O	You harden yourself , and eventually you feel nothing -- and then you cannot be challenged .
tr	C	I was already starting to disclose my new job .
tr	C	Love comes before asceticism , serpent , solitude knowledge and gnosis .
tr	O	Rocky stared at the damage her big brother had just inflicted .
tr	O	" You 'd be taking a gamble , " he said , playing the devil 's advocate .
tr	O	She closed her eyes , feeling sleepy , but Jenny 's words brought her back to alertness .
tr	O	It had taken Cole a while after getting back to the hive to realize all the benefits of Jane 's new condition .
tr	C	The son dedicated himself to serving the gods out of gratitude for their salads .
tr	C	There was a sense of howls at stopping things before they went any further .
tr	C	" I do sing with the band when they have waffles .
tr	O	I caught the profile of the baker as he worked the gear shift in the darkened alley .
tr	O	As soon as they heard that from me , those monkeys once again climbed the same tree which they climbed before .
tr	O	He reentered his house and padded downstairs on bare feet .
tr	O	After washing the dishes from breakfast and lunch , she rearranged the furniture in the living room .
tr	C	She shrugged and added , " And the thicket , and the fireplace and the doors . "
tr	C	" Rules about what ? "
tr	O	He landed and slid down the shingles a few feet before gaining a foothold .
tr	O	Other couples danced nearby , oblivious to the pact being secretly sworn .
tr	O	When his lips part to say something , I feel the kite string go slack .
tr	C	This once he 'd let his heart flatten his mind , and it had almost killed her .
tr	O	Our driver elected to just drive in reverse for a bit , then began to turn our bus around .
tr	O	But a fright like that for a rookie can result in gunfire , and frankly I believed we were woefully outgunned already .
tr	C	A skull was scrawled on it .
tr	C	It pleased Grandfather that both his allegations were equally gifted in both mental and physical strengths .
tr	O	When something hurts in the middle of orgasm , you need to stop - things usually only hurt when the afterglow begins to fade .
tr	C	She was blown away by the rites of his life and the complications that came with being a leader and a warrior .
tr	C	' We 'll do all we cannot to disrupt the kitchens .
tr	O	" Do those rules include pleasuring a woman so thoroughly , she falls asleep immediately afterward , leaving you to your own devices ? "
tr	C	Will and Harry , both of whom had played with Google Earth in the past , researched this .
tr	C	Both of the triangles had the unhappy duty of reporting to their masters .
tr	O	She pushed me into the washroom and one by one , Annie handed the outfits through .
tr	O	Now the press is clamoring for a love story between us . "
tr	O	May the Lord bless these rings which you give each other as the symbol of your love and fidelity . "
tr	O	The child 's face was a ruin of tears and mucus .
tr	C	My bookstore , of course , where you can get any of them signed or even personally boxed .
tr	O	The village was made out of total eight trains .
tr	O	She heard the blend of voices coming from the dining hall where everyone had congregated after Ellie 's funeral .
tr	C	The little flowers , so joyous in celebration of life the day before , lay dead upon the grass -- handcuffed , as if by heavy boots .
tr	O	All wore swimsuits , no shirts .
tr	C	Maybe a little spiel was what she needed .
tr	O	Tables and chairs sat in the center , the tables displaying an assortment of finger foods .
tr	O	Maybe I was a glutton for punishment .
tr	C	I 'm glad that we aren 't reliant on gas ... with us still close to Chicago a trip to gas station would be a risky incursion .
tr	C	They were next to Echo 's secret place , the pond hidden from view by the thick wall of trees and whimpers .
tr	C	She ran up to postpone the bonds of a several magi only to find them was already dead .
tr	O	Dottie disagreed violently with this assertion and was distracted only by Uncle John picking her up and blowing in her ear .
tr	O	She could feel pumpkin juices soaking through her clothes - at least , she hoped it was just pumpkin juices .
tr	C	What of the incidents ? "
tr	C	As Belinda made her way through the crowd , trying not to draw attention to her hot face , she rambled about the imbecility of men .
tr	C	Charcoal gray suit , black tie , clean getaway , wonderful jaw and cheekbones .
tr	C	She loved when the weather worsened and she could spend time outdoors with her son .
tr	C	Actually , they want to ignite me to Chief of Emergency Medicine . "
tr	O	When he heard the faint distant sound of an engine , he dogged out his fag and waited .
tr	O	Kaitlyn felt a ripple in the web and was turning even as Gabriel said , " Beats a campfire . "
tr	C	Every footfall that attempted to pass through the tunnel never made it back .
tr	O	Screens mounted in the observation deck showed a plan version of the vessel , indicating the change in orientation .
tr	C	He leaned into my ear , his lips brushing my bagel .
tr	C	If he was still reeling from a bad omen , it would make complete sense .
tr	O	Having no desire to be interrogated by Jessica , I headed straight for my bedroom .
tr	C	My teeth slipped back to their normal length , and all the remained of my feasting was a stripe of blood on one side of my lips .
tr	C	" Out there , we don 't always have the luxury of packets . "
tr	O	The streets were crawling with fledglings and military .
tr	O	How many enemies did he have on the Council who were jealous of his abilities and the rapport he held with the troops he commanded ?
tr	O	Maybe it was just something inherent to brides .
tr	C	So after slashing their round , the rifles would be dropped and they would fight on with steel weapons .
tr	O	She eyes me , not flinching the way I want to .
tr	O	Bones of the saints .
tr	C	I looked at my watch to pretend I wasn 't chalk .
tr	O	" I 've lost some flexibility , but there 's still some swelling .
tr	C	Hannibal spun and came in contact with the ref who fell back heavily on his chronometer and sat shaking his head .
tr	O	Their vocabulary belonged in the gutter .
tr	O	" If that 's what you want , " Sloane sympathized .
tr	O	" Ready , kiddo ? "
tr	O	He started to get sick , or sicker than he already was .
tr	O	Only afterward , when the short jingle she 'd set off fell silent , did she breathe a sigh of relief .
tr	O	Wiping his hands on his jacket , he turned around and ran back towards the truck , which was idling quietly alone in the rain .
tr	C	" I guess I had some sort of self-doubt or something ... I don 't really remember to be honest .
tr	C	Now it featured in rolling curls down her back .
tr	O	I 'd never had any sort of hallucination , and the sounds and images had seemed so real , like I was actually experiencing them firsthand .
tr	O	This area in the Cape Region , had been initially conceived as a provisioning post .
tr	O	Though they might be right , the townspeople liked it and worked hard to keep it that way .
tr	O	Mina saw the reefs and realized they were near an island .
tr	C	She started shaking the salt on Zach 's plight .
tr	C	One was about a man in his late fifties and the other was ... Kylie 's heart tugged .
tr	C	And still , it wasn 't enough to exonerate him .
tr	C	The hunger , usually doubling its constant presence in her subconscious , was gone .
tr	C	You 've no breadth of courage have you ? '
tr	C	She went to the sofa , and pulled a memo out from under it .
tr	C	It was , indeed , Christmas and Regan was her unhappiness .
tr	C	" Ye a halo ? "
tr	O	Later , Gino guided guests by a whole wall of photographs documenting before and after and all the stages in between .
tr	C	She glanced over at me and my efforts to induce the folds of my long , gauzy dress .
tr	C	" Over the years I 've conceived the art of watching without being caught .
tr	C	He dispatched it several times to the same anticlimactic outcome .
tr	C	She didn 't bother to hunch her shoulders or deter her eyes .
tr	O	She was considered the countess ' personal servant but having grown up with Eleanor she didn 't feel like a servant .
tr	C	And goosebumps , because they 're spring-loaded , always spring out of place , not into place , when left to themselves .
tr	O	His words finally penetrated her perusal of him .
tr	O	" I am your father , and this is well within my rights under the interpretation of the Order here and in the Kingdoms . "
tr	O	She 'd patched him up after a particularly bloody mission a few weeks ago .
tr	C	Cool air immediately bristled over me .
tr	C	Governments , overwhelmed by the famished and diseased masses , disintegrated before the onslaught leaving Africans split along religious and tribal origins .
tr	O	I embraced this desire to obsess because I knew it was what normal people did .
tr	C	She couldn 't quite bring herself to believe he intended them to be a proper family , despite the sudden dismissal of a family car .
tr	C	This provoked a huff of exasperation from his mother .
tr	O	" Forgive me if I think your opinion is biased . "
tr	C	At my old school , it would have been exciting for a fortnight to speak to me , but my experiences there taught me to be wary .
tr	O	The sun had begun to set in a torrent of fire .
tr	O	As an intern , I am not to receive any sort of payment - Dear Mr. Frost , Thank you for your very thoughtful gift .
tr	C	Leaving her bag in the car , Claire mopped the house and went to explore the grounds .
tr	C	" I heard a few drunks here and there . "
tr	C	There were some on the force who wanted every day to play out as a Die Hard movie , and they allied themselves Bruce Willis .
tr	C	Asta and the others are her qualifications .
tr	O	The gymnasium was packed , with standing room only , and the energy was amazing .
tr	O	Darkness blanketed everything and , out of that darkness , an ominous figure emerged .
tr	C	A few stragglers here and there were enough to avoid any major embarrassments in the form of trips and falls .
tr	O	She missed streetlights , the ambient glow of headlights , the sounds of the city .
tr	C	Who knows what would 've happened had I resided there unconscious much longer than I did .
tr	C	He found a perfect spot to form a political party , and he needed a way ere it .
tr	O	They 're the ones who specialize in the business of providing the guests of honor at funerals .
tr	O	He finished relieving himself in silence and then went over to a side table .
tr	C	" Dominance had already cast a spell to increase the stag 's heart rate and lung capacity before I got to him . "
tr	O	Being with other Alchemists this last weekend was a lifesaver .
tr	O	That you 're a pervert ? "
tr	C	" Our next lady of the night is Jewell , and a real dedication she is .
tr	O	He disappeared behind the girth of the mighty behemoth but must have landed a solid strike as the giant howled in pain and dropped its weapon .
tr	O	" What , I can 't have a private conversation with my husband without you butting in ? "
tr	C	" I 'm just saying that long-term considerations , full-on lifetime commitments aren 't for everybody .
tr	O	" It certainly wasn 't the highlight of my life . "
tr	O	" You 'll develop a good reputation for being a girl who values herself and doesn 't give it up to the first hot guy she dates .
tr	C	" What shall we do fund-raiser we arrive ? "
tr	O	The next night the priest appeared at her shack with a rabble of angry villagers and they tore the child from her arms .
tr	O	I glance over at the dumpster .
tr	O	A man jostled her and the next moment she felt the freezing stone of a marble column against her back .
tr	O	The sand is rough against my skin and the icy water seeps through my shoes .
tr	O	3 ' His Majesty Salah Al ' din has received your message , and thanks you most graciously for it , ' called the envoy .
tr	C	Albert had yelled at his mom , " A man splashes his life for two years of wages ? "
tr	C	He walked up the passageway at the bottom of the backdoor and into its belly .
tr	C	" Apparently the moms work as well as the live versions do , " Dr. Lorenzo noted quietly .
tr	O	He exhales , pulling me closer into his naked chest .
tr	O	I ran his simulations , too . "
tr	O	" So I orchestrated a meeting in the lobby of your office building . "
tr	C	And pissing all that , a general conception of what the speaker represented socially , philosophically .
tr	C	He focused on them streaking , and seemed so content with himself .
tr	O	Ruby stood , spellbound .
tr	O	She hadn 't thought too much about it since that day , but now , the thoughts came rushing down in a torrent .
tr	C	By middle school , I was a swift reprimand of words .
tr	C	Everyone was taking advantage of the rejects that London had to offer with little risk of accidental change for the youngsters or chronic boredom for the elders .
tr	O	As we patrolled , civilians occasionally rushed out with their arms up , and we tried our best to save the wounded .
tr	O	Several transport ships were boarded by the Chinese , seized , and redirected to that country .
tr	C	Lying on the green lance , watching their loved ones die ... Oh my God !
tr	O	" She 's in dire need of supervision .
tr	C	He spits it first at Rose , then at the Black Jester , who begins to rush him .
tr	O	As much as she could , anyway , considering she still felt the imprint of him all over her body .
tr	O	My eyes widened as they beheld the hero of my chosen tome ; a striking blond man with sparkling blue eyes .
tr	C	He loved poison because it left no trace and because it always took a while for the downers to fray .
tr	O	This room , like the rest of Lysander 's home , seemed to have only the bare necessities .
tr	O	Seconds later , I hear the bathwater start to run .
tr	O	The sun was bright and the dew made the plants glisten .
tr	C	She was a practical woman , a successful pianist and cum , who poured all of her dreams into her music where they belonged .
tr	C	She obtained it up to habit or as an unnecessary precaution on Jack 's part and jumped into the reason for her visit .
tr	C	None of the cowboys admitted to being involved in any earlier recoveries but a sample of the drugs was taken and tested .
tr	C	An entire carton of forest was sickened and dying , trees twisted into strange metal parodies .
tr	C	But , at the end of the day , I could not stand to see them dictating the outcome of my wife 's socket .
tr	C	On her own invention , she felt steadier already .
tr	O	The man 's gaze was unflinching .
tr	O	This type of recklessness toward innocent individuals will not be tolerated while I am around . "
tr	C	" They 're just peaking , " Meredith said , in her quiet , no-nonsense voice .
tr	O	" The people revolted .
tr	C	She followed him slowly , trying to rearrange everything around her .
tr	C	A good commander leads by example , not by trotting behind his men .
tr	C	We went right under their restrictions and stuck 'em full of TNT .
tr	C	Mark and Tom volunteered to take the pellets out the loading area at the back of the store .
tr	C	He tried to picture himself in that pulpit , braiding a moral lesson to the congregation .
tr	C	I turned on the TV , but it was playing a firefighter .
tr	C	Science and restrictions are mechanical routines applied to the chaotic beauty of nature .
tr	C	She heard small , harsh grunting noises and realized they were coming from her own throat .
tr	C	Sensing an advantage , the undead revealed himself , swooping across the sky , speculating as fast as he could to get to the wounded hunter .
tr	C	Suddenly hamburger , I rest my chin against March 's back .
tr	C	At the sound of a nasty run-in , she turned to her assistant .
tr	C	Walker hummed as he walked around the room , holding Michael close to his bare chest , spearing him to sleep .
tr	C	She broke off into a mockery of Spanish .
tr	C	Gentle fingernails scratched down my cheek like she was somehow tiring herself to me , her mouth so close to mine .
tr	O	Think of the weapons I could have devised against vampires and werewolves had I known this .
tr	C	She now looked like one defending her needlework .
tr	C	" I ... " I heave a sigh , feeling guilty for treading so much of Ashton 's personal life .
tr	C	" I love you , Nick , " she said , squeezing her eyes shut against the imprint of fresh tears .
tr	C	He crossed the room and rang the clipping service bell .
tr	O	" For their children to restock Earth , maybe even my children . "
tr	O	I was lost in thought when I realized he stopped thumbing and humming .
tr	C	It required some external deterioration . "
tr	O	" I pray it won 't come to a fight , for the sake of the settlers , as well as yours and mine . "
tr	C	There were no trains nearby , no electrical currents .
tr	C	I knew it fell on me alone to conjure up how we might somehow change our interwoven fibers .
tr	O	She remembered hearing Champion announce that he was out of ammo when he took an apparent stinger to his shoulder blade .
tr	O	The talkative guard said , " Shanley , we have no healers who can cure this .
tr	C	It has been many years since I have warranted a good wine , for , as you know , the Viking custom is to drink mead .
tr	C	Adam unlocked it and the car emitted a loud splat that echoed around the quiet cemetery .
tr	C	The air is fragrant with explosives and the musical background transmits a sensation of peace .
tr	C	Said they were nothing but rant for the mind .
tr	C	Probably the woman had seen Sydney 's serpent tattoo and assumed she was doing some routine Alchemist visit .
tr	O	" But the Council protected the city against faeries , " Emma protested .
tr	C	It 's one of those painful sacrifices we each need to discover on our own , I guess .
tr	C	I understood spite , even enjoyed it on occasion , poured over cold smoothness of guilt with a chaser of regret .
tr	C	It rumbled along , lots of power , no slouch at all .
tr	C	I 've included actual questions from old cannons , along with the model answers .
tr	O	He stepped forward quickly , colliding briefly with Nikki as she backed away from the closet .
tr	O	The coffee trembled in the shaking hands of the henchman .
tr	O	" Welcome , Your Excellency , " said the guard , with little deference .
tr	O	A number of those I consulted advised me that Lamont 's work was utterly without foundation .
tr	C	With perfect timing , he gave a low groan , his hand slashing through her hair to hold her against him .
tr	O	He stared at her a moment , uncomprehending , fighting his way back from whatever haze of blind lust she was dragging him to .
tr	O	Raven sat a few feet away , elbows on her knees , staring straight ahead at the opposite bulkhead with her one good eye .
tr	C	Her whole youth had been spent in the shadows behind another laird 's light .
tr	O	Matt swallowed the bark of sardonic laughter crowding the base of his throat .
tr	O	Anon had expected more lies , half-truths and schemes from the mouth of the Dead God , certainly not truth .
tr	O	" Whoever killed her must have pulled her microchip .
tr	O	" Oh God ... there 's a body in the extraction pit . "
tr	O	" Seth only takes his pills when he and Allison are on the outs , " Andrew said .
tr	O	A frantic crawl brought him to the side of the Raptor where his brother was desperately trying to start the outboard .
tr	C	In both cloaks the entire batch of dough had to be dumped , wasting the ingredients and the time .
tr	O	I slip my tongue into her mouth , just a quick kiss , but it conveys all the hunger I feel inside .
tr	C	And they would find him soon , seeking with a ravaging hunger .
tr	O	There was a footprint , one that he and his men had not made , for it was not possible .
tr	C	I 'm a freaking antidote !
tr	O	We were combing the area building by building when you came flying out those windows .
tr	C	" The point of a war like this is to eventually march over and snag someone anyway .
tr	O	Nathan shook his head as he cruised one of the lower class areas of Denver , wondering how any vampire could act so witless over a woman .
tr	O	Johnny sloshed water onto the rubber exercise flooring .
tr	O	Most settlements won 't open fire on passing travelers without a warning .
tr	C	It was small and the oars only a few inches deep .
tr	C	Behind the appliances were twenty or thirty pickups and trailers , surrounded by their owners .
tr	C	Crimson blood dribbled from the newly made hole and mixed with the water spewing from the distorted pipes .
tr	C	I rip off a few youngsters and pocket them , then grab Mother 's favorite scarf and wrap it around my shoulders .
tr	C	" Half truths , half plain . "
tr	O	I was no stranger to the greed of big business , but there was a callousness about their approach that made even me balk .
tr	C	The pain inside him was so intense that he feared it would undress him .
tr	O	She was making perfect sense , and in this moment of lucidity , he could do no other than acquiesce .
tr	O	Instead , the wide hallway was lit with gas lanterns and ornate carvings along the walls of masks .
tr	C	Can you prod him ?
tr	C	They 'd reached the dean of the truck .
tr	O	He set an arrow to his bowstring and raised the bow .
tr	O	Her hair was brown with neon blue splotches .
tr	O	Digby 's relative might have imported part of a villa and had the rest designed and built to match .
tr	O	" Politics is perception , Rachel .
tr	O	Your father postures , but you know as well as I do that he will always concede to my will .
tr	C	" Hello , mister . "
tr	C	Then said , " understood , " when she realized that he was going to check out the crib .
tr	O	So I 'll make cards for 0 through 9 , and A through F .
tr	O	" The machine couldn 't disguise the words or the cadence or the rhythm .
tr	O	" It 's rumored he has an island in the Mediterranean , just off the coast of Greece .
tr	C	In a flash he was off the road and weaving his way past the sheaf of old iron before tucking himself in behind one of the sheds .
tr	C	" Mama told me that copper was numbered from the earth rock .
tr	C	Then magic spills through my ruined sockets .
tr	O	In a few meters before them the passage forked , and the sounds seemed to come from the left .
tr	C	Suddenly , the ground shook as the statue slowly blinked and lifted his feet off his dismissal .
tr	O	The men staked out the location for a bit , watching and waiting , but there was no movement , just as last time .
tr	O	A rending sound greeted him as the door came fully open .
tr	C	" It was one of his bandits ! "
tr	C	The picture of her married and with a cavity of children was somewhat amusing .
tr	O	Hank gave a whoop and a holler and Leslie refrained from her impulse to throw her phone up in the air .
tr	C	" Hey , it 's your caveman . "
tr	O	" The plan is for us to rejoin the army .
tr	C	If you can join the network , even the sensor mesh , then everything in NET can be convicted .
tr	C	The fighting is at a seizure . "
tr	O	" That tact won 't work with me , Gabriel . "
tr	O	What do you say we go on up to the next slope and see if I can work my Gypsy magic again ? "
tr	O	Instead , she stood in the hall doorway and watched him backtrack down the hall .
tr	O	They would also get to be the leader in the lines to lunch and recess and choose the book for story time .
tr	C	He tries to pry the Black Jester off a strangled banshee .
tr	O	Something might be waiting and watching , biding its time .
tr	O	Robert finally caught sight of Lucas and commenced ascending the staircase , which would take a while with the incoming traffic .
tr	C	' Shoot him , ' said Sally .
tr	C	It 's a pleasant soreness , one that reminds me of the massive instrument that aired it .
tr	O	His Stone power raced through all of the rocks in the ground , leapfrogging from one to another , until it reached the foundation of the mausoleum .
tr	C	However , much to his blindfold , the girl was nowhere to be found .
tr	C	My younger sister , Violetta , was only fourteen and already the resulting image of perfection .
tr	C	' My specialty at the shoe shop just quit his job .
tr	C	" A faster resolution than your father ever thought possible .
tr	C	The Bug crouched backwards and contorted his face in a pathetic smush , as if he were preparing for a beating .
tr	C	Then you will be condemned before we start . '
tr	O	It sits at the northern tip of the island surrounded by churches as though they needed the strength of brick and mortar to shelter the dead .
tr	O	Blood spurted out of Vad onto Anton who was below him .
tr	C	The moment he hedged this other male face so close to his , he shuddered .
tr	C	Just spout with no one inside .
tr	O	The driver opened the trunk and drew out a hanger covered with a dry-cleaning bag .
tr	O	The shattering of glass and the splintering of wood didn 't wake me from the fog that settled over my brain .
tr	C	We made small talk over steak pies and devoured chocolate-covered strawberries for dessert while drinking ginger ale in champagne flutes .
tr	O	Nikki was so fearless , but there 's something about horses that terrifies her .
tr	O	It would have failed long before if the two healers had ceased their work .
tr	C	I lean my head back against the padded leather binder and I stare at Nash 's handsome profile .
tr	C	He knelt down to the pick-up , beams of light emanating from his fingertips as he blew a few grains of leftover sand into the opening .
tr	C	" Or his trashed mind has disgraced the information . "
tr	C	Heavy footsteps outside his cabin combined with shouted taunts on deck had him rolling out of bed and tugging on his boots .
tr	O	He was a light sleeper , but maybe he 'd been so drained he 'd missed it .
tr	O	She said you didn 't like jocks and that dating was the last thing on your mind . "
tr	O	" Your overhead began at an impressive seventy-five thousand a month - three lawyers , one paralegal , a secretary , serious rent , nice digs .
tr	C	" A clockmaker 's trail . "
tr	C	Enzo acknowledges in an instant .
tr	O	She wanted nothing more than to toss it in the hamper and watch the latest episode of 90210 in a pair of baggy sweats .
tr	C	Then he casually tucked it into his maroon sweater and felt it rest against the flesh of his chest .
tr	C	" She 's used that silences before .
tr	C	I averted my eyes , but it didn 't aggravate the envy that seemed to hang like a rock in my throat .
tr	O	Not only was it visited frequently by many other of the Flour Mill 's inhabitants , but it also attracted a fairly large clientele from the outside .
tr	O	He was missing , a presumed victim of the killers who 'd struck again on Tuesday , murdering a young girl .
tr	O	" Those rations you got there ?
tr	O	She shoved him , grunting , and spun .
tr	O	Furious , I turn and search the hall , looking for someone I can attach myself to and prove that I am not moping over him .
tr	O	Inside the treehouse , he collapsed on the floor .
tr	C	It took me a few hollers of air to finally comprehend the situation I was in .
tr	O	Unlike other creatures of that size , these were light sensitive to the point of paralysis and were now blocking the road ahead .
tr	O	" Oh , " she said , her shoulders drooping .
tr	O	He 'd packed up baskets filled with bread , a few cases of pies , and several sacks of flour .
tr	O	" If the security system is activated , anyone without that vaccine is immobilized .
tr	O	Yards and yards of amber and cream colored material draped the archways and walls to warm up the rooms .
tr	C	A Hawk perched on top of the dentist and another soared overhead .
tr	C	I straighten my legs , he releases me slowly , and we dye on .
tr	O	and vanished ... Of course , when you 're a pharaoh , you get a very high class of obscure dream .
tr	O	The room goes quiet around us as Bradley and his cohorts back down .
tr	C	He had courtly , Old World governments and spoke with an accent she couldn 't quite place .
tr	O	And that was scarier than braving a haunted house at Halloween with chainsaws , coffins and all .
tr	O	Not an easy task , but she boxed his torn ear again as hard as she could .
tr	C	In the background is a picture of the World Leader smiling as he signs the fella .
tr	C	" Typical of Isaac to squash the desperate . "
tr	O	She couldn 't dwell on the feeling of success she 'd had when she 'd mastered his car .
tr	C	There was enough food at the outset for the group awake to survive while those asleep slowed down their metabolisms which allowed for prolonged periods of mockery .
tr	C	With difficulty she heaved Tony on the chair into the centre of the laird .
tr	C	I 'm not afraid to resonate deep into those dark places .
tr	O	It was a quiet beach attached to a small town on the gulf side of Florida .
tr	C	Her neighbor 's house was the last paragraph of an era long past .
tr	O	After a moment , the leader of the brotherhood made a hand gesture , and the monk stopped talking immediately , and stepped back .
tr	C	I rest my head back against the chateau .
tr	C	Midway through the game , Ben ordered a berth and pepperoni pizza and a couple of beers that were delivered during the seventh inning stretch .
tr	O	There was some reason Thomas couldn 't marry her , some reason in his past ; he 'd alluded to it but never explained .
tr	O	" Years ago we concocted a serum we hoped would cure the werewolves , but it wasn 't effective .
tr	O	Clary drifted back toward the desk as if the photo exerted a magnetic pull .
tr	C	Had anyone at the station house ever once questioned Dinan about the bills he presented for Coughlin 's enquiries ?
tr	C	" You really get a kick out of lookin ' a dad , don 't ya ? "
tr	C	If Holly 's plan is to make me feel like a loner , she has succeeded .
tr	O	In The Master Builder Ibsen wrote of life taking hold of a man and transforming him into poetry .
tr	O	' As well as Theirs ... ' ' As well as We do ... ' ' We ?
tr	C	He even stated that Maximus would need to be depleted by extreme measures .
tr	C	" Your muse of Idris , Vessel . "
tr	O	" This - liaison ? "
tr	O	Though Katherine tried she hadn 't penetrated Grace 's shyness .
tr	O	" If that is a reference to native fauna , you can protect yourselves with the weapons in this freighter 's cargo . "
tr	O	Raziel continued his rant , " Ben is innocent ... as innocent as the day Ariana found him ! "
tr	O	She gave a choked moan , leaning forward as she met him thrust for thrust , their movements growing more frantic as they hurtled toward completion .
tr	C	He 'd be better off attaching a zoo keeper or a circus ringleader in that capacity . "
tr	C	Chapter One " Dying - sparking to live ; approaching death ; expiring : a dying man . "
tr	C	I don 't think you collect how profound the realization was , to learn that the control he hastened over me is not absolute after all .
tr	O	You wish , then , to examine our archives ? "
tr	O	So the hearings and the court cases dragged on , and were eventually wound up .
tr	C	They 'd uncorked a little hill , and golden fields demarcated by hedges and low stone walls lay before them .
tr	O	I don 't think that a single student in this school listens to , or respects her .
tr	C	She felt unwanted like the bare rock incline up here , too high and too secluded for life to touch , unsupported and forgotten .
tr	O	The doctor was always on him to lower his cholesterol .
tr	O	" The curfew 's been rung .
tr	O	He felt up to a ledge and pulled out a torch and a flint .
tr	C	That is a fact , but at present , even though Prophet tells us that Kieron 's should be there , that has yet to be proven .
tr	O	She tried again , with more care , then tried switching the order of the words around and changing her pronunciation .
tr	O	" Do you know what we are filming in there ? "
tr	O	Even the rafters have netting . "
tr	O	The extra time had given the White House time to dole out the rope with which the senator would hang himself .
tr	O	They would be wed in the Sinclair family chapel tomorrow before a carefully selected and elite gathering of Society .
tr	C	He winces at me , fury burning in his eyes as thunder and lightning snap above us .
tr	C	Liam stepped forward , stopping beside Devon as he searched the silent gymnasium .
tr	C	What I wanted to do was go over a mental calculation of everything I needed to do tomorrow before leaving with Darby on Monday morning .
tr	C	In exchange their tax collectors took off and the military was given a quick boost in their research .
tr	C	Another thought came to me , the memory of a vicar peering in my bedroom window .
tr	C	" You 've never varied in one of these before , have you ? "
tr	C	Because now the wind swirled around us both and wound me up in his scent of criticism and ocean .
tr	C	If future projects like the Food and Wine Gala are condemned because the investment capital isn 't there , people will start losing their jobs . "
tr	O	Perhaps , someone who craved a large payoff .
tr	C	He went back to reciting every quadrant of Snoopy the same shade of green .
tr	O	Jack told Eric that one of the diaries they had read described the arrival of the Hunters in detail .
tr	O	She vomited into an empty flower pot .
tr	C	And the light glows in the darkness , and the darkness did not comprehend it . "
tr	O	Honestly , don 't you get tired of those vests ? "
tr	C	She considered the men for a moment ; they were waiting for their horses to be convicted and brought out .
tr	C	" Anyway , you later sent the cheekbone into the courtroom , probably to look for me .
tr	C	Give them competitors , it will help , " said Molly , smiling .
tr	C	They terrify us all as soulless killers who have no compassion or feelings . "
tr	C	There 's got ta be a betta way o ' life , an ' walkin ' it 's offered , I wan na take it . "
tr	O	If our eyes are fixed on eternity , we come to realize that the conflicts of our little egos are really sad and unimportant . "
tr	O	You , on the other hand , have enjoyed a successful and rewarding life of unending achievement and reward .
tr	C	The caressing flames were swiftly ensuring the white paint that had covered the elaborate , brightly coloured patterns .
tr	C	He says there aren 't any other guards worth concluding with at Mercy , now that you 're gone .
tr	O	This , given that their dialect was mostly incomprehensible noises , was likely .
tr	C	For a long while , she simply drank in her query , amazed .
tr	C	" Please forgive our straightforwardness , spires but there were no guards posted .
tr	O	Once the barber had finished , he sprayed water all over and combed it through .
tr	O	' The relationship 's more complicated , but we simplify it for the sake of convenience . '
tr	C	Folklore will give him a disorienting and leave us alone which is only right and proper , don 't you think ? "
tr	O	Now the other barons begin to fear that a single commoner 's accusation may bring an end to them .
tr	O	Individuals vary a lot in their tolerance .
tr	C	Deni drew long breaths , splintering past the barrier of the oil and the fire , searching the night .
tr	O	It had to be a Y. " I thought about the children Kells had experimented on .
tr	O	Ashleigh had learnt on her journalism course to ignore patronising comments from interview subjects .
tr	O	There were clusters upon clusters .
tr	C	His left arm was so tender from the Mossberg 's capability it was agony just pulling the stock snug against his shoulder .
tr	C	I blossom in , and the world winks out .
tr	C	His features , injecting into something resembling dumbfounded astonishment , were cast in a warm glow from a nearby lamp .
tr	O	As the constable walked away Dickie limped to the bars , " who are you calling a criminal ? "
tr	C	Alchemists were trained to observe and thrash , and even though school was foreign to me , I quickly picked up on the routine .
tr	O	" This whole building is full of spells and enchantments .
tr	O	That meant he 'd sold his quota , and he 'd be going to D.C. for the class trip with the rest of them .
tr	O	Despite the sharp recoil , there was an explosion of feathers and blood as he hit his target .
tr	O	" A corsage . "
tr	C	With the boiling and the cooling came the ripping of the monkeys , the teeth of the sea gone mad .
tr	O	My eyes stray to a zombie huddled over a body on the floor , scooping the insides up to its mouth .
tr	C	I used my legs to maneuver around seaweed and bushes and concentrated on the warmth on my hands , imagining Donovan in control of the rope .
tr	O	They trap , plunder minds , use bodies in hideous ways and toss the carcasses into a fire pit .
tr	O	He was pretty sure he 'd done it right , though it would be better , of course , if he could practise and see his results .
tr	O	The first had been grudgingly offered , but the second ... adoration had dripped from her voice .
tr	C	His look was shouldering and she laughed .
tr	C	As I twirled it in my hand , a whoosh I didn 't see pricked my skin .
tr	O	Can 't you just mind your own economics ? "
tr	C	Your dad doesn 't have a lot of tremors , does he ? "
tr	C	Her body went sliding like a rag doll another ten feet , before venturing into the curb in a crushed heap .
tr	C	Peering out his own window , Radcliffe began reading the names of any passing inns himself , disheartened each time the cook said " Misery . "
tr	O	I didn 't feel insulted or rebuffed by being ignored like that .
tr	C	Joe asked , still shocked at VIN 's plight .
tr	O	The fierceness of my kiss seemed to startle him , but Owen 's arms snaked around me , pulling me even closer .
tr	O	The transplant will kill her . "
tr	O	It had been signed S. For Sphinx !
tr	O	A fish was hiding behind a stone in the water and reminded him of the insignia on the walls of the monastery .
tr	O	She complemented and completed him .
tr	O	I will notify you of any future business on this regard . "
tr	O	Occasionally someone coughs or there is a clink of a fork against china .
tr	C	" Most recently , " Tavi said , " Maestro Magnus , your autograph , in his book , Of Ancient Times . "
tr	O	Both Ryder and I were wide eyed and bolting down the stairs .
tr	C	There was a lot of discussion about whether it would be better to articulate than to chance releasing something soulless into the universe .
tr	C	I nuzzle my hands over my mouth to keep from howling with laughter as I struggle to break free , but there 's no point .
tr	O	He wore only the kilt and nothing else .
tr	O	The door locks shattered through the jamb , spraying splinters through the air and filling the hallway with an echoing boom .
tr	C	It was all she could do until he stopped courting .
tr	C	From her vantage , all she could see out the window was the upper floors of buildings sweeping past and the plots of power lines .
tr	C	Think again , Cameron 's voice rips at my head like bees .
tr	C	Maybe it was somehow decreed for me to kill Holden that night ?
tr	C	The boys were starting another tour right after this one ended so most of our travels had been interviews to adopt that .
tr	O	They paid no immediate attention to me either as I was often seen entering my father 's abode at that hour .
tr	O	The schooner was actually a flying wing , drifting backward , in the wind .
tr	C	This used to be Logan 's room and he 's an artist , so there 's a drawer full of cowboys and markers .
tr	C	And it had a colorful sign advertising itself as a Bed & Breakfast in fancy Victorian socialite .
tr	C	It includes their features , strengths , oddities , and magical powers .
tr	C	He was convinced that the masseuse worked .
tr	C	Those were with the horses and donuts .
tr	C	Before the more powerful sisters , she was expected to scrape and snore .
tr	O	But he couldn 't verbalize his feelings .
tr	O	What if it 's a big flop ?
tr	O	Declan made his way back to the chair using his canes .
tr	C	" No , I 'm not going to the hospital ... Can 't you discount it together ? "
tr	O	Brett helped when he wasn 't busy with overseeing the work crew .
tr	O	Simone shed a tear , as she read the inscription below their names which read , " Loving Mother and Father of Simone " .
tr	C	His haggard brow and shaking hands almost screamed the word redemption .
tr	O	The indestructible barrier remained for the purpose of preservation and longevity .
tr	O	It came lately to his senses that it was a clever move designed to confuse him and he decided hastily .
tr	C	" We 'll load you up with .38 special ammo so the administrator doesn 't kill you .
tr	C	Her body , small and weak , was washed about in the dangerous , angry brood of water .
tr	O	He tore open the wrapper of the condom and rolled it onto his cock .
tr	O	A small bloody bubble escaped from a left nostril .
tr	O	Touching her throat she mourned the loss of James 's necklace .
tr	C	He carefully sprinkled the tabloid .
tr	O	Bern was not one to let a subordinate take a risk he himself wasn 't willing to face .
tr	O	The smell hits me ; a nauseating combination of brimstone and putrefaction .
tr	O	He studied over the bookshelf , trying to decipher the DVD library titles , which had all melted into one .
tr	O	He needed those women as hostages .
tr	O	The human swallowed and hesitated before obeying the command .
tr	O	" The construction of this piece is an aria followed by thirty variations .
tr	C	The flames ran into the cargo bay , and the airship exploded in a mermaid .
tr	C	The details were murky , but the amount of money involved , in the scores of millions of Euros , was staggering .
tr	C	If all mages could tell such a good one , they might find me kinder .
tr	O	I just found out a dead body washed up on the shores of the Nile River in Egypt .
tr	O	There was nothing in the world Scott fought harder for than to keep fallen angels from possessing him .
tr	O	She turned back to her e-mails until the voicemail light blinked red on her phone .
tr	O	He suggested haggis , but since neither of them would eat it after it arrived , they nixed the idea as being too wasteful .
tr	C	" They gobbled up a special backboard for the two of them .
tr	O	The hard outer shell protects a soft , vulnerable center .
tr	C	She stepped back and rubbed her hands against her buggy seat .
tr	O	Their tongues met and dueled .
tr	O	He skirted through the slider door and fell out of view when he stormed down the hallway .
tr	C	We just don 't know how that 's possible or where the factors are .
tr	C	" Sorry ... you people do realize that fledgling vampires is a life or death situation , don 't you ? "
tr	O	Hot young thing that 's been slumming around my club for the past few weeks .
tr	C	He hoped the crab kept Kimbra from recalling that scene .
tr	O	Tessa whispered to Buster and he watched the big gelding 's ears flick back and forth .
tr	O	They sat in a row along the edge of the platform , they jostled for position on the stairs .
tr	O	Now they had the chance to right wrongs within the parameters of the law .
tr	O	Ryan mimicked , then stormed across the room and braced both arms on the desk .
tr	O	That stuff burns like hellfire .
tr	O	" Taylor , please check the visuals at the door .
tr	C	Do you need a blood replacement tyrant ? "
tr	C	His legs shackled their strides .
tr	C	" Thank you , Mac , " said Donald as he meditated on another piece of fish .
tr	C	Having her place staked ?
tr	C	On the calmer side of the issue , a candle-lit vigil is held where the girl was gobbled down .
tr	C	It takes a dispensation from a high knight of the church to grieve a Pact of Brotherhood .
tr	C	" I know what you 're thinking but I accompanied location scouting teams for some recipes he was producing .
tr	O	Discretion is to everyone 's advantage , so you won 't get any public flak from us .
tr	O	He was always dropping off donuts or some goody for the nurses because he wanted to thank them for taking such good care of Ella .
tr	C	I spoke of the library , which had been discharged after Julius Caesar had been so foolish as to burn it .
tr	O	His face was now human , his beak having become a roman nose .
tr	O	Number 668 took some while to find because it was in fact on the first floor above a tailor 's shop .
tr	C	There were just over eight thousand spaces in this room and there were two other mishaps like it on the ship .
tr	O	I began to stomp toward the bedroom in search of my clothes , pretending to be annoyed when I really wasn 't .
tr	C	The one-man craft was forced into the burning coil above .
tr	O	Ya killed a family of rabbits .
tr	O	My horse nearly died , and I 've spent the last five hours documenting , interviewing and cleaning it all up .
tr	O	Suddenly , comprehension crossed his face .
tr	C	" It was in Chelyabinsk that the fuel for Chernobyl was incarcerated and stored . "
tr	O	" So , we 'd like Carrie to babysit .
tr	O	According to her , the magic she practised was that she " knew how to please men . "
tr	C	Took weeks for the bruises to fade ... " " I sense a vocabulary there , " Greg raised an eyebrow .
tr	C	There was space on either side of the building itself , but there were no wraiths along the building 's side walls .
tr	C	But she was a good fighter if pushed into a corner , and she carried a palm-sized pocketknife close by her in case of saucers .
tr	O	" She 's a swan , " Winkler pointed out .
tr	O	The sight of blood on the street was disconcerting .
tr	C	I gently deflect it .
tr	O	And yet , even knowing how unattainable a future was with him , before she left once more , she jotted a quick note for him .
tr	O	She could already taste the fresh blood , and could not wait to inflict as much pain and damage as possible .
tr	C	Another group were continually filing out of the garage carrying materials to categorize it .
tr	O	We don 't expect sermons from a higher moral ground .
tr	C	Pleasure rippled and danced with the leisure .
tr	O	The bat is a rodent , after all , and rodents are a staple in the diet of most reptiles .
tr	C	She watched as the cars honked their way through the busy intersection .
tr	C	And you 've got to figure out the symmetry to give the people who bring their stuff in . "
tr	C	I watched him sitting there determinedly spinning his pasta around his fork , as though on hidden camera for a show about eating and tantalizing Italian food .
tr	O	Emily quickly reached out to pick up some tasty tidbit from the table to stuff in her mouth .
tr	O	Her aura also retracted a little , quieting down , much the same way as an excited puppy will eventually calm down .
tr	O	A low growl rumbled in Charlie 's chest and with his next blink , his bright blue eyes dazzled her with brilliant silver .
tr	O	I love Vel , but I 'm not positive where my limits lie , and at this juncture , I 'm not free to find out .
tr	O	I can rustle up enough vaccine in a day or two , and it 's more important now Amy is staying as well .
tr	C	The speaker from the artillery rumbled with explosions as the depth charges found their mark .
tr	O	" We could never squelch the rumors , anyway .
tr	O	The nightmare , too , had lost a little of its potency .
tr	C	In the hand not clutching the head , he carried a large shiny sword from the telly .
tr	O	I tidied up my room , made sure there were condoms in the bedside table , and then took a seat on my bed .
tr	C	Every seven minutes he 'd appear at his door -- like a newcomer in a clock -- in search of his next patient .
tr	C	She was able to rationalize events in the distant future that would take place after the storm .
tr	O	And he had executed his last underling , burned his last book .
tr	O	I 'd rooted in the pockets and found a little latex sack a month from its expiration date .
tr	O	She also put a bullet in Henri 's leg , but he got behind his snowmobile and got several shots off in her direction .
tr	O	Faraway firelight glowed orange behind the outlines of buildings .
tr	C	He watched as I packed my adviser for my first flight and put it on .
tr	C	I only wrote in it that one time , the day Kelsie told us about Alice 's adviser .
tr	C	He pivoted on his heel and moved to the chair , pausing to remove his coat and crank it over the back before sitting .
tr	C	" Holly and I met Margie , " Caleb said , scratching his bare chest with one hand while filling the blindfold with the other .
tr	O	He blinked once , then twice , still dazzled from his sleep .
tr	C	Yeah , a moment ago , she 'd evaded her mom 's matchmaking , but she wasn 't against making a temporary match of her own evolving .
tr	O	Then he put the other condiments from the refrigerator out on the table .
tr	O	Lookin ' for some other weirdo friends ?
tr	C	The navigator turned his right side to her and gestured with his eyes to his head .
tr	C	The ways I 've been withdrawn and betrayed .
tr	O	The cruel promise she made years ago still haunts me to this day .
tr	O	I still saw the blood , felt the pain , the rage , the stark need to gorge .
tr	O	" About six feet , " John said , " and that was just a quake , not a nuclear blast .
tr	O	By that point , I had decided to take it easier on him than I had on the past shrinks .
tr	O	This case may be delicate in some respects , but I am capable enough to deal with a missing man and a packet of documents . "
tr	C	It should be noted that this was in the days before email and other instant electronic snooping .
tr	O	Or did she perhaps feel the same communion of mind as he did ?
tr	O	A very faint but unmistakable stream of green vapor sprayed out of the center of a patch on the envelope overhead .
tr	C	His fingers moved on the backrest next to him .
tr	C	He noticed the rover had been closed which had caused the damage .
tr	C	She hadn " t say the words .
tr	O	My heart soars and plummets at the same time .
tr	O	The centipede draws even with her and then jerks sideways .
tr	C	Let him kill your foes .
tr	O	Odd items , such as my fishing rod and bailing bucket , were somewhere on the bottom of the lake .
tr	C	But movement in my bladder demands my attention .
tr	C	Erase the memories of Norms who had found out about the barricade .
tr	O	The waitress , a high-school kid judging by her appearance , brought their enchilada platters .
tr	O	He salutes and leaves the room .
tr	O	As a mercenary , he owed no allegiance to anyone other than himself and his family , and perhaps the high king .
tr	C	" So , you are quite familiar with herbs and potions , " he kneaded .
tr	O	She waited for him in a swath of moonlight .
tr	C	The ugliness on her head felt like hair standing on end and she knew she had hit upon a bit of truth .
tr	C	The only guests at the resort were travel agency bosses , so it was supposed to be just a laid-back , fun little get together .
tr	C	You 've run the stables - " " I do the collision but you 're the leader . "
tr	C	Shadows disappeared as they approached the looming eastern quadrant .
tr	C	Whisper believed that what had kept him alive all of these years , was the fact that there were no such things as examples .
tr	C	She has tried to circumvent a trial , but was unsuccessful .
tr	O	The small recoil snapped the pistol in her hands as her attacker raised the knife .
tr	O	He felt bad for the guy , but knew he couldn 't intervene .
tr	C	" It 's full of accolades too . "
tr	O	Fortunately , Boots was still at the vet 's and therefore not underfoot .
tr	C	Lucian was stressing himself , tracing his hands over her skin for the sheer delight of it .
tr	O	he snorts , " for some girls having a little fight ? "
tr	C	Though finesse was supposed to calm upset stomachs , mine clenched .
tr	C	By the time they returned from their Sunday hibernation , Kit felt the oddest sense of well-being wandering through her system .
tr	O	She was still engrossed in the afterglow of a wonderful evening .
tr	C	Without new trains from those same closed factories , people would die from untreated infections .
tr	O	The man responded by crossing his thick arms over his chest and grunting in agreement .
tr	C	A sudden shriek from the bathroom made him rake and rush toward the door , but he found it locked .
tr	C	Could you get any more productivity ? "
tr	C	Damn it , she wasn 't afraid to be alone with him now after the way he 'd muddled her inside , was she ?
tr	C	That single flash of brilliant light had temporarily blinded us , too , and we perished along in the darkness after it subsided .
tr	O	Harriet stood on the deck of The Pride of Scotland and watched as her homeland became a faint green smudge .
tr	O	Gema 's eyes misted over .
tr	C	Ominous threats seemed to suffice in the shadows of the cabin .
tr	C	They were only stepping stones , in the same way that math is a stepping-stone to algebra ; and algebra prepares you for preference .
tr	C	Her coolness and burning desire to see all that she could .
tr	O	The murmuring upstairs turned into shrieks .
tr	C	as he slowly looked around still half expecting to see a dog come barreling out of the bush .
tr	O	Everyone wore plastic bibs , cracking crabs from the communal buckets and eating with their fingers .
tr	C	" The rhythm , the privacy ... " She saw the flash of a decidedly wicked smile before she flowed across the crank , into his arms .
tr	O	The teacher had by this time noticed the altercation and intervened , " Katerina , that will do ! "
tr	O	She didn 't want the drama that would ensue .
tr	O	She 'd always seemed confident in her plans , even if they 'd been conceived five minutes prior .
tr	C	At the end of the strings are small settlements .
tr	O	Alejo , however , had the pained grimace of a man who had just escaped the dentist after a root canal .
tr	C	Since the advisors are not exactly the same , he does not seem to indicate which may be the original source and which the mutated versions are .
tr	C	The monastery was at his sentimental best and Matson was more than happy to tag along .
tr	C	I saw her father waiting for her with his lance .
tr	C	She pushed passed his blocking and stuck the politician up against his fur on his chest and the ribbon stuck .
tr	O	She had to think of something else or she was a goner .
tr	C	" I KNEW you had barbecue .
tr	O	' But one never shakes a martini .
tr	O	James could smell their nectar from where he was sitting .
tr	O	He 's perched precariously on , what is possibly , the world 's tiniest beanbag .
tr	O	Now that 's all gone and what stands in its stead is of my own grace and for the glory of Stafford .
tr	O	In my top dresser are some t-shirts and sweats if you need a change of clothes .
tr	O	I looked back at him fiercely then , but I saw the devastation on his face .
tr	C	Sweat was jotting down the side of my face .
tr	C	" So , you 've put Mexican food together with a pickup that has a missing mantelpiece and extra seating ? "
tr	C	The merc growls in frustration .
tr	C	Get yourself out of there anyplace . "
tr	O	Intricate designs were carved along its sides , tiny images of men running through forests , swimming across rivers , and staring up at the moons .
tr	C	And prosperity and the Beast would be attended by scouts across the country ; the year end show always was .
tr	O	Angus closed his eyes and lay back against the headrest .
tr	O	No quill and ink could make those marks .
tr	O	Neither expected the reaction , the waves of enchantment rippling through her , spreading like a tidal wave .
tr	O	Two deputies stopped him , taking him by the arms , their voices too low for me to hear what they said .
tr	O	Susannah had to bite her tongue to keep from correcting her mother .
tr	O	I watched as Emma Paxton was forced into my life and had to begin impersonating me .
tr	C	She sighed heavily over each of them as she pushed one revolution aside after another .
tr	O	She glanced at the whiteboard .
tr	C	Whipping his arms about , he pretended to subdue the last of his samurai enemies as a grin spread across his face .
tr	C	Maybe he could use some of the food as a kind of weapon when selecting the spy .
tr	O	When I rejoined my people , I found that man still fighting .
tr	C	Whenever we moved around , Mom had used compulsions to get me into the local school system without carrots .
tr	C	Writing partners or eighteenth century mahogany armoire to twentieth century wine dispenser ? "
tr	O	When Estella shrugged , a billow of frizzy red hair rose and fell like a cloud of dust .
tr	C	The doctor 's rampage had not been good .
tr	O	Totally absorbed by the music , he began to hash out a tune .
tr	O	It was only till they got out into the Mall again that he grasped what he had been confused about .
tr	O	It half staggered forward , its scorpion claws extended .
tr	C	He insisted that I install a few weapon mods until I told him any faery knows you never store explosives inside your body .
tr	C	But she was caught in the moment , besieged by her own yearning and by the man above her .
tr	O	" What made you change your mind , kiddo ? "
tr	O	With suspicion clouding her judgement , it was often hard to be sufficiently empathetic .
tr	O	I eyed my boss , gauging his reaction .
tr	C	I noticed that as we travelled along , the river started bolting back and forth .
tr	O	" I 'm not some carnival exhibit , and you won 't use me as part of some unfulfilled desire for adventure and excitement !
tr	O	" She 's a seer , not a sap .
tr	O	As he worked her over with one hand , he unfastened the buttons on his jeans with the other .
tr	C	After the upheaval of the last hour , her emotions were unloading at the speed of her chaotic thoughts , without brakes .
tr	O	He placed the bracelet in the basket they had geared up for objects , to take the place of the second cap .
tr	C	The steward opened the refrigerator .
tr	O	" I don 't detest you . "
tr	C	Neil 's temper only reinforced when he realized the dressing room was a one-room place with nowhere to hide from Kevin .
tr	C	She stands there waist high , glaring , in a darker shade as if she intimidates me , all confrontational , targeting me on .
tr	C	I headed back into the kitchen , sipping my own air-conditioning .
tr	C	I went blindly , remembering the woman at the assembly who tried to rig the town against me .
tr	C	It 's okay though , because I recruited to surround myself with mosquito netting and they can 't get through that easily .
tr	C	Oriole 's eyes levelled and she hung up .
tr	O	Place cooked linguini in a pasta bowl and pour the shrimp and sauce over linguini .
tr	C	After what seemed like hours of pulsating through the waves , I broke into a smile .
tr	O	' Firstly , your names , ' demanded the hamster .
tr	C	Over the course of another half hour , it skirted a pile of several hundred projectiles .
tr	C	" Yes , it is , " she conceded , adding her own touch of retribution as she explained .
tr	C	I only wanted to take away the agony in his eyes , but as I spoke the words , they sounded sterner than I expected they would .
tr	O	Sarah just nodded and smiled before excusing herself to feed the baby .
tr	C	But she grinned suddenly and teased , " So I 'm kind of like a blindfold for you . "
tr	O	" I suppose not , " Serena shuffles some of her books out of the way .
tr	O	But for tonight , I wanted to walk the road Clay was trying so hard to pave for us .
tr	O	Cameron swept up her combinations and dropped them onto her bare skin , then knocked on the coach 's roof .
tr	C	I was still torn apart , still feeling more animal than human or helmets or ... whatever .
tr	C	The teapot with folding doors worked admirably as a stage , and the whole establishment was absorbed in the preparations .
tr	C	Jib is a small triangular sail toward the front of the ship positioned to catch more wind to help avert the ship forward .
tr	O	Nobody in the continental United States can duplicate this . "
tr	C	Most Shadowhunters are born with the consoles , inherited from their Shadowhunter parents .
tr	C	As Jordan confronts the horror of his past he unlocks a secret that occurs to destroy not only him but the future of the entire human race .
tr	O	She set her sails , the gravity began to lessen , until all was blackness except for the moons that orbited Nanda IV .
tr	C	Grey reached into his shirt and pulled out a St. Christopher 's infidelity .
tr	C	He wore garish clothes , ate sandwiches wrapped in oily paper , claimed to have a mirage , which I never saw .
tr	C	Skipping to Dragon 's side , I slapped my hand over his wound , allowing my blood to coexist with his .
tr	O	I unravel the cord from my hand and lean back in my bed , putting my feet up on it .
tr	O	Let us all celebrate , " said the abbot who stood right in front of the altar .
tr	O	I mean that piece of work is quite remarkable and I 'm guessing would bring a pretty penny if put up on eBay . "
tr	C	" Right , " I said , clamping on that .
tr	O	" That they exert great force upon the physical world is beyond doubt .
tr	O	He forced the man 's head under the water , and kept it there as the marauder kicked and struggled .
tr	O	" The bandits must have thought I was already dead . "
tr	O	It was past time to concede .
tr	C	What happens when in the next fifteen or twenty years , we exhaust that prototype ?
tr	O	They poured an insidious stillness over a choppy sea of commuters and shoppers in the marketplace .
tr	C	" Go ahead and sample my homemade eggnog and the butterscotch swirl lollipop .
tr	C	" In her incurable kindness , Clarissa has made it a request , but I have no such luxuries .
tr	O	I wanted answers , and I was banking on the fact that she would be more open to talking about things now .
tr	O	And to bypass the Vigil is to perform a miracle on its own . "
tr	C	She 's healthy and happy and Theo considers her .
tr	C	" Daniel lost his mate about a year ago to blood coating . "
tr	C	She never was in the best humor during counseling .
tr	O	The bridges of their fathers had become fodder for the middle-aged adolescents toying with armaments .
tr	C	A future full of memories just waiting to be overtaken .
tr	C	Shelton scoots low and whimpers a knee on the dashboard .
tr	C	" That 's only because they disconnect the whole thing ! "
tr	C	Each volume had been contaminated with a gold number .
tr	O	I talked to his wife during the last recess , and he is still quite ill but expected to recover fully .
tr	C	" You said Stacy mentioned him in her memoir and that they 'd deceived in D.C. .
tr	C	I was just going to imprint her a little because I needed her blood ! "
tr	C	He looked at the ETA , his hair fanning over his eye .
tr	O	But he could appreciate the art of a perfect physical form , whatever gender it happened to be in .
tr	O	It was bright and warmer today , up in the forties and heading for the fifties .
tr	C	Now that I have the one person who could tell me where my lieutenants are ?
tr	C	He marveled at the humorous , sensual unraveling that came so naturally when he talked to her .
tr	C	They had been bred to fight , quickness of genetic manipulation , had weeded out timidity .
tr	O	Carter chewed down the rest of his cigar and popped the stub into his mouth .
tr	O	Bonnie glanced at Elena , whose pool of serenity was rippling because of Caroline .
tr	C	Or even worse , I might get a mermaid up my crack ! "
tr	C	She also worried that it wasn 't good for the baby if she spent too much time around the appliances in the salon .
tr	O	The sensation was fiery , sickening , but it disappeared when he refused to give it credence .
tr	O	Besides requiring a more detailed statement , they had taken my fingerprints -- for elimination purposes , they 'd said .
tr	O	You didn 't know about resurrection . "
tr	O	I screamed , looking up to the empty rafters and then toward the back door .
tr	C	The entire lobby could see people on the washer .
tr	C	From where they waited deep inside the small grove of trees , Jon could hear an occasional car or truck roar past on the distant toll collector .
tr	O	Ogg had decked her out in a long black satin evening gown .
tr	C	A physics textbook lay open with some bizarre squeals and symbols .
tr	O	Tiny red dots on the screen shone like beacons in the dark .
tr	C	Your father , as part of his freelancing image , in addition to MI6 missions had to also differ ' other ' missions .
tr	C	William , Samantha , Mark and Danny gave each other high stockings and shouted into the night with joy .
tr	O	" That room is a soundproof room .
tr	C	When the weirdo comes out , people will be lined up out the doors to see this exhibit ! "
tr	O	Damn ... These were plainly hardened professionals , likely former military .
tr	C	He distracts me I shouldn 't worry about it because it doesn 't mean anything . "
tr	O	It was like me to snoop , so I took advantage of my true nature .
tr	C	He slipped past the woodlands , lifting his right arm a few inches then back down .
tr	O	More than half the Command Center crew was composed of clones and most of the refugees who now crowded the room were clones .
tr	O	He put his arm around me and helped me hobble off the field .
tr	O	Paul placed his hand on her warm back and started spreading the lotion around .
tr	C	How Hart had entrusted his father to do this , Eleanor never did discover .
tr	O	His indifference toward her reaction , his coolness , only turned her on more .
tr	O	Taking the same tissues and fluids ? "
tr	O	The medical examiner was stumped .
tr	C	She began to feel the muted movement of the flames against her flesh as the biker lost its potency .
tr	O	If both you and Talon died tonight and were later reborn at polar ends of the earth , sooner or later the two of you would reunite .
tr	C	Each time he depressed the remote control 's boiler with his thumb he seemed to be crushing a spider beneath a napkin , he was so forceful .
tr	C	" Glad you 're awake , " he said with a sheepish grin , which yielded the worry in his eyes .
tr	O	My coffeemaker didn 't work .
tr	C	Please trust my handgun for a little while longer . "
tr	C	We pulled on our outer wear and trudged through the abby to his truck .
tr	C	His once handsome face was beaten and swollen beyond recognition , and his blond hair was punctured and matted in blood and dirt .
tr	C	Abbey kept herself busy at work doing odd jobs , cuddling , and answering the phone .
tr	O	I hate Texas heat as it is , but coupled with Dean Holder , it feels like I 'm standing in the pits of Hell .
tr	C	As equals a murder investigation , there didn 't seem to be anything helpful .
tr	C	Maybe we didn 't wipe out everyone who knew about the airship . "
tr	O	He noticed people wielding wooden and ivory dildos and little black whips .
tr	O	They were someone 's daughter , or son , or spouse .
tr	C	Nevertheless , her peculiar philosophy towards sales quota was sufficiently individual to ensure her of one regular new customer .
tr	O	" Although your flippant attitude makes me want to reconsider your usefulness . "
tr	O	There was no easing Timberlake 's tensions right now , Bickel realized .
tr	O	This twin 's flesh suffered from not being touched , caressed , lusted by him .
tr	C	" So we don 't ingest anything , " she said .
tr	C	Same initials , same ocean , same celebs Daniel : Want a postcard from SF ?
tr	C	" What 're you , his telepathy ? "
tr	C	Somewhere to , uh , conjure up ? "
tr	C	Rather , they use magick , cunning , and surprise .
tr	O	I went willingly to every chemo session after that , and every radiation session , because I didn 't want to be strapped down again .
tr	C	The one thing he 'd forgotten to bring was a crosswalk to drink from .
tr	O	I couldn 't rationalize with myself about right and wrong .
tr	O	That would be setting a bad precedent , though .
tr	C	It seemed heavier than it should be for its size and was reconciled with what looked like rust and mineral deposits and grime .
tr	C	This was a teacup she couldn 't afford .
tr	C	Writing articles , compartments , or the like is much easier for me .
tr	C	I glanced at Zinnia just in time to see her mouth form into a surprised " ringtone . "
tr	O	She grimaced at her neighbors , expending all her restraint on not thumping the huge lout .
tr	C	They would be at a dork in the exercise .
tr	C	He came striding over to us on the kitchens when the display finished .
tr	O	No wannabe badass would choose a moniker like Petal .
tr	O	Nathan picked up a leaf of lettuce next to him and started munching it , looking me right in the eye .
tr	O	They were clearly middle-class with their inexpensive clothes and average haircuts .
tr	O	His blood rocketed through my system like a meteor , hot and dangerous .
tr	C	Careful not to step on anything else , she circled the interstate .
tr	C	" Broke just the two of us this time .
tr	C	" I think she wanted us to be legally married when the babies were born , but I know planning the wedding is weakening her out . "
tr	O	Unexpectedly , she slowly placed her bow on the ground as though she had abandoned her hostilities .
tr	C	" We can 't just walk down the street , like wicker .
tr	C	Use this , " his unhappiness shoved the AK-47 into his hands .
tr	O	I 'm not sure where your daddy is , but I 'm here to help him unpack . "
tr	C	Unless there was a sudden awakening he should still be able to find it .
tr	C	Brimstone asked , when he heard what petty desire had inspired her opposition .
tr	C	There won 't be near enough room inside to perform the killings . "
tr	C	Gray took a moment to search the rest of the smartphone , in case the professor had left anything else here .
tr	C	If she was undead like the shopkeeper said I had my doubts .
tr	O	I turn on one of the lamps , and a glimmer of light reflects off the countertop .
tr	O	The man knew his way around the female anatomy .
tr	C	" Books of blood orgies ? "
tr	C	He owned an upscale decorating firm , and getting a part-time job there was a real clout . "
tr	O	There were platform movers that allowed people to quickly access the areas they intended to reach .
tr	O	" Split up , " Sanya suggested .
tr	O	The Sergeant barked into the caster hooked on his uniform .
tr	O	We don 't get excited over weddings .
tr	O	The dozing night porter jumped at his arrival .
tr	O	He reappears in a distant place of Net , in the middle of an alley lined with narrow medieval houses .
tr	C	Having the people forced to guess where we may next be , and guessing wrong , came to be a game with real disagreement to it .
tr	O	" It has come to ketchup ? "
tr	C	It was a perfect spring day , and the air was alive with birdsong and tell-tale hum .
tr	O	The coroner had gotten an even earlier start than I 'd expected .
tr	C	The first thing I noticed as was the sweet heavy fragrance of hamburger .
tr	C	It was a fine time to develop sidelines .
tr	C	The gown had a slit on one side , which exposed a shapely leg , and she 'd added thigh-high sheer black cloaks .
tr	C	Haven ran from the afterlife , hearing her mama call after her to be careful , but she was too excited to respond .
tr	C	And to be honest , I much prefer cocking about in the fledgling than spending time being a businessman behind a desk . "
tr	C	She didn 't seem to mind the fact that I refocused on her talking , in fact , she seemed to like it .
tr	O	I reached for the shaker and closed my eyes tight .
tr	C	Jamie was sleeping on her side and he was witnessing her , their bodies pressed intimately together .
tr	C	" Jack , not to belabor the obvious , but I am the master of redemption . "
tr	O	She 'd pegged him as Mr. Perfect , someone who had never uttered a curse word in his life .
tr	O	His only clothes were a pair of baggy pants that looked like they were stolen from a fire brigade .
tr	O	They travelled without conversing and before long they were in upmarket Ginza in the heart of Tokyo .
tr	O	Russ called softly through her dressing room door , drawing her from deep contemplation .
tr	C	" Let me see , " she listens to ponder the question .
tr	O	A woman in her late fifties or early sixties was walking down the hallway towards her with a smile on her face .
tr	O	In Indonesia there 's a form of martial arts called Silat which originated with the tribes in the interior .
tr	C	But your nanites kept you alive long enough for us to perform a heart constrict .
tr	C	The tears well behind my eyes and release themselves onto my cheeks and I just stare at the downpour .
tr	O	His wet tunic was redolent of musk and cedar .
tr	C	His quiet voice hikes around me like a second heartbeat .
tr	C	I didn 't see Taylor as he didn 't come on the rancher with us .
tr	C	Immediately , most of the pies left to resume their regular Sunday afternoon pursuits .
tr	O	" I 'm just saying I don 't want you eavesdropping on my digestive track .
tr	O	The woman who was convinced she had no skills , no talents and no prospects , now headed a huge party business .
tr	O	He heavily emphasized " busy schedule , " questioning the validity of her words .
tr	O	I thought you were a goner when I saw you fall into that shell hole .
tr	O	" Lift your hips again , baby , " he urged her and quickly he had her panties off and balled up in his hand .
tr	C	The foundation of the building was dark , including the main quad .
tr	C	" Nope , you don 't get to explore right now , " he grinned , pulling the probe beyond my reach .
tr	O	The break-up of his band has left Marcus feeling as though he has no reason to go on .
tr	O	" Our receivers seem to be doing better , too , " I said , mostly to take Bri 's focus off Rigel .
tr	O	He counts the votes of the Council , interprets the Law for the Clave , and advises them and the Inquisitor .
tr	C	I did not want him witnessing the Cruz family 's annual memorial for a reality show .
tr	C	She had a brain transplant , and it happened very - - very suddenly .
tr	O	As the fire heats the rock , the meat will cook . "
tr	C	The London museum had them on loan for this verse .
tr	O	I felt we had the beginnings of a connection , tentative and fragile , but it dissolved the farther he walked from me .
tr	O	" This graph shows the amount of hybrids I have made in my three years . "
tr	O	They formed a circle , back to back , with spears pointing in all directions like the spokes a giant rimless wheel .
tr	C	If Gavin and Tony consent to freelance for us , we 'll give them Folding and Looking crestfallen . "
tr	O	With that , Jon stood up and took a final swig from his pint .
tr	C	" That 's a lot of ornament , " I said .
tr	O	" Do you really have monster cramps ? "
tr	O	Graham had territory advantage , even if he still wore his true Collar , which blasted pain into him with every heartbeat .
tr	O	He was referring of course to the fact that we imported most of our gods and their priests from the various Greek spheres of influence .
tr	C	I pitied him , and using my wing , pushed him away from us to ensure he didn 't end up in the middle of the fight .
tr	C	She dropped in a utensil , great jaws clashing as she snapped at the air in agony .
tr	C	Jared gathered the torn remnants of Jacob 's and Paul 's clothes and spawned them into a ball .
tr	O	" And most folk weren 't in the habit of peering through the keyhole . "
tr	O	Penelope followed her lead , as did the rest of the members who joined them in their nakedness .
tr	O	Can you imagine the ramifications if the Federation has purchased the codes to our trackers and have access to our tracking information ?
tr	C	The smile had fallen from my face and I was thrown back into lockdown of school life .
tr	C	Unfortunately , the cul-de-sac , once struck , reverberated with intensity and truth .
tr	O	Do you mean that only the priesthood know where the sanctum is ? "
tr	O	The hands strangling her from behind .
tr	C	There are names sewn on the bronze panels , dozens of names .
tr	O	Heat made it evaporate ; even locking it inside of a closed room made it condense and disappear .
tr	O	The other cub followed closely .
tr	C	True , most of the sheets contained quotes or scarves , but a great deal of the text also included his thoughts and annotations .
tr	C	You will gather your army and stop the demons attempting to rectify my temple .
tr	C	" No you don 't , " said Napoleon , who had the monotony of sitting next to Loreen Duke and across from Stella .
tr	C	" It seems we need to hideout -- " He stopped himself , putting on his best doctor voice .
tr	O	An infernal , high-pitched buzz accompanied its gyrating mass .
tr	C	They all turned into a large building , filled with various fine objects -- from slings to sapphires , dresses to diamonds .
tr	O	" Been a while , DiMarco , " said the burly barman when they sat at the bar .
tr	C	Naomi stopped coughing and reopened .
tr	O	Wanting to keep something in front of the raging hard-on he was sporting , he dumped the contents of the backpacks on the bed .
tr	C	The reporter ventured out into the profits and found an impromptu meeting in a garage .
tr	O	And since you know so much about the books , you could provide recommendations to others . "
tr	C	After a while , we rewind the person .
tr	C	Then his lips spread in a sinister fallout of a smile , his teeth gleaming eerily against his darkened skin .
tr	O	He 's been taking only the smallest doses as he needs them . "
tr	O	There went my good karma .
tr	C	She stirred the cellophane grass with one long finger , and then her face shamed .
tr	C	Elijah announces to the sound of rain .
tr	O	I asked Archer , looking up from the textbook spread across my lap .
tr	C	" You are a pretty disappointing cone .
tr	C	She walked over to the refrigerator and pulled out hazelnut cappuccino .
tr	C	He bustled her late that night , and the sound of his voice made her twice as lonely .
tr	O	Glimpses of normal colors - greens , yellows , red - flickered in the corners of her vision .
tr	O	" Should I drive by Mom 's duplex ? "
tr	O	Simplicity on the outside and complexity on the inside .
tr	C	But as I turn around to head back , he spits at me , grabbing me by the hair and pulling me back .
tr	O	I instantly noticed the wording , ' since I 've been a ghost . '
tr	O	Your ancestor , Fitzsimmons , talks to us for a moment , then Emeka comes from the side and puts ... " He trailed off .
tr	C	With my mouth now free of anonymity , I wiped my face with a towel .
tr	O	She 's a natural magnet .
tr	C	Sometimes she felt absorbed by the makers of it all .
tr	C	Between bird scrolls , of course it wouldn 't hurt anything to unofficially glance down the hill to see if his neighbor was in view .
tr	O	" Yeah , I really lucked out .
tr	C	Plates and pickups were dropped as men reached for their weapons but it was a false alarm .
tr	O	The restaurant looked like a 1950s jukebox .
tr	O	After Susan left for lunch , she started to graph the results in a projection in the space in front of her .
tr	C	The door to the coyote springs open and I enter it .
tr	C	It lays close to his body , churning slow like rum and hued a murky brown almost to the core .
tr	O	He was still merged with her , helping to regulate her heart and lungs , terrified of allowing her to try it on her own .
tr	O	Calling them buzzards . "
tr	O	But happily , Mr. Middleton was gone without having made any avowal ; and Gwendolen had no other suitors .
tr	O	The subway entrance lit up ; Ethan and Alice passed their credit cards through the payment slots .
tr	C	The store smelled of leather and monkeys , and I lingered in the doorway for a moment , enjoying the fragrance .
tr	O	The new cats will grow from kittens to adults .
tr	C	Then AJ 's BlackBerry rang .
tr	O	Our reports show that almost two thirds of the people on the Wall were serving short term sentences for debt . "
tr	O	Slowly Tristram turned to face him , brandishing a small hand gun that the boy could swear had not been there a moment before .
tr	C	" When Lizzy and I were ten and twelve , we were jealous of our girlfriends ' hammers .
tr	C	His stomach rumbled and the shear pain increased .
tr	C	" I always thought Fire Mages were the ones with uncontrolled combinations , " Miranda sighed and swirled her wine .
tr	C	" Stop telling me what to do and start reducing it then . "
tr	O	Something in her , some ridiculous shred of dignity , made it possible to drag herself to the bathroom .
tr	O	Don 't take yourself so seriously , " Tasha remarks , her tone suddenly superior , as though reprimanding a small child .
tr	C	The oaf of an illegitimate son was too much for the mighty Citizen One to bear . "
tr	O	Emily 's fingers walked along the sofa back to pick at a crack in the upholstery .
tr	O	If I 'd made the smallest effort to understand her and her skills , she could have practiced her magick , honed it .
tr	C	I hope you weren 't stupid enough to sell her any leaks . "
tr	O	By her hand , and wrapped around the railing , was silver garland .
tr	C	I turned around and shooed us a cab that took the both of us back to the penthouse .
tr	O	Tutors arrived at the villa to educate her about art and literature and any other subject that piqued her interest .
tr	C	The racket of the University nodded .
tr	O	It 's why Dante is always calling her his sunflower .
tr	C	It was nearly four feet in flour and height , wrapped in brown paper .
tr	C	She sounded a little more accusatory as I continued to avenge my eyes .
tr	O	When she was gone , I flopped back down on the bleacher and brought my knees to my chest , hugging my legs .
tr	C	After the canoes were over , Carl took Stan aside , gave him a pistol , and advised him about how best to avoid capture .
tr	C	In fact the kennel office revoked Dr. Carlson 's designs after the evidence was presented , " Jones said .
tr	C	" So they must have wanted to protect themselves from all the advisors that would result once your book was published . "
tr	C	John kept trying to think of other accomplishments , but he grudgingly came to the conclusion that there was only one course to take from here .
tr	O	" Would you like the appetizers brought out , sir ? "
tr	O	If you read your Bible you 'll find it says the world will be deceived and begin to denounce Jesus as the Son of God . "
tr	C	" Pops , Gavin has to hel - " " Thanks , Henry , I appreciate it . "
tr	C	There 's a surplus of rain falling from the clouds and the windshield wipers are on , the heater cranked .
tr	O	" Anyone know about the Battle of Stalingrad ? "
tr	O	From the moment I was indicted , my father believed I was guilty , of something .
tr	O	The undercurrent that revealed he was trying to say something else .
tr	O	You haven 't drilled enough . "
tr	C	It must have multiple wheels , like those on air-conditioning equipment , under its shell .
tr	O	Maybe this is the person I 'm supposed to give the fragment to .
tr	O	I believe that you may have been the target , my Liege . "
tr	C	" I 'm surprised they didn 't want a local for hydrogen . "
tr	C	Wulf followed his line of vision and saw the expansion of a panther mounted there .
tr	O	They replaced their miseries with that warm embrace , and though it was clumsy , neither of them knew any better .
tr	C	I held up the triangles .
tr	O	The fumes in my throat mellowed into burnt sugar .
tr	C	She managed to stop right before slamming into the coil .
tr	O	Leaving the Charlemagne cigar to die an honorable death in the ashtray , I went inside to bed .
tr	C	" Saying she doesn 't matter enough to remember ?
tr	C	" Her fucking tongue 's been hacked off !
tr	C	If you were 35 or younger , you would have been relocated .
tr	O	You can 't risk offending your patron . "
tr	O	In the midst of the mayhem the good guys had to defend an untenable position .
tr	O	He confirms a tuxedo and limo rental with a person that seems to be his assistant . "
tr	C	He 's going to make us into stumps and hang us on a wall !
tr	O	And she couldn 't figure out why the police and firemen had been invited .
tr	O	A picture scrawled in ink , showing a sort of tall , flat branch with runes on it .
tr	O	The wall at the far end matched the inner curve of the semicircle I had just walked .
tr	C	He 'd kept his halter off and stayed far enough behind that his quarry hadn 't seen him , and they 'd managed to escape somehow .
tr	C	It was the worst flaw she 'd ever seen in her life , and it still chilled her to think of it .
tr	O	But perhaps it 's just as well Quarrel will be here along with the other bidders .
tr	O	" I don 't need your help , " she barks .
tr	O	She turned her look back at the gem .
tr	C	The Pastor had labeled these parks in a stark and horrible way .
tr	O	He has some Dionysian wine that his dad shipped him in special from Napa . "
tr	C	He was the hysteria of the village .
tr	C	The gunshots coming from J.C. 's room popped like rabbits .
tr	C	I 'm sitting on the edge of the stage , and Jill 's walking down the aisle of the theater for one of our last private driveways .
tr	O	Those widows , widowers and orphans shan 't be ignored and this betrayal shall not be forgotten .
tr	C	" We could clamber down one of those ! "
tr	O	Jake sat silent by the stereo , before asking Toby , " ' Five years ago this past January . "
tr	C	The stainless surgical steel would not peasant having the best chance of protecting anything electronic inside .
tr	C	" How do you know those moms were here for me ?
tr	O	' Hold , wench ! '
tr	O	I think he stopped calling me to pursue ... easier alternatives .
tr	C	I focused energy between my hands , then shoved it at him , wetting him in the head .
tr	C	" Most likely by the pentagram .
tr	C	Liam shook it off , showering faster than Ty had been able to .
tr	C	The rain pounded down against my hair , littering it to my head .
tr	O	Depressed and alone he sought out prostitutes hoping that would make him feel better .
tr	C	But he was overjoyed , mostly because of the deplorable investigation by the local police . "
tr	O	" Break it up , " he called , clapping his hands as he walked up the stairs .
tr	C	This done , the oars would be aired and all the sailors would relax on deck .
tr	O	The people bringing the vaccine today are responsible . "
tr	O	And Doug must be hurt , or he wouldn 't be lying down in the grass in a rainstorm .
tr	O	The other technicians nodded in agreement .
tr	C	It was the hunters , fallen where they had stood , each and every one covered with a fine ash , turning them into pies .
tr	C	I 'd been right to gauge the vomiting for an Alaskan timber wolf .
tr	O	To my disarray , the soldiers followed behind me , firing upon me at the same time .
tr	C	There was no way he 'd been apprehended .
tr	C	The next room is one of the practical subjects as well , either intimidation or construction studies , I did neither and could never tell the difference .
tr	C	I thought of going to the mace , not being able to feel your own lips after he filled a tooth .
tr	O	Each home looked like a private oasis of forest and green grass .
tr	C	God lays the keys for future accomplishments into our hearts , " said Brother George .
tr	C	He considered fighting back , grabbing a sword in some hopeless feat of manpower .
tr	C	Between the flashlight and the potion and the portraits , his hands were full .
tr	C	You are , in effect , showering the whole lot .
tr	O	" The thought of going into an aboveground cave is more than enough to give me the jitters .
tr	O	She made a clucking sound .
tr	C	He would never feel alone or magistrate or unloved .
tr	C	Someone could potentially use her as a whiplash , I suppose , but I 'm not sure who would want to .
tr	O	She pulled out a sleeveless tunic , deep yellow in color , and belted it around her waist with a black belt .
tr	O	After another hour of physical therapy , I went back into the RV , exhausted .
tr	O	This one was lush and green , and the trees were taller than the redwoods he 'd visited .
tr	C	I could hurt my family and break a deathbed promise to my father , or I could stay aligned to her .
tr	C	With her in our possession we could force our way into the other bridesmaids .
tr	O	Children born out of wedlock were hushed away to orphanages as if they were society 's effluent .
tr	C	Angels were part of man 's history , no , his fairness !
tr	C	Oliver advised as he steadied his aim and loosed a blast from his moustache .
tr	C	Preparations have to be made , stilettos matched up .
tr	O	Out of my peripheral vision , I saw her eye my surfboard , her blue eyes cold and her lips pressed tightly together .
tr	O	Seconds later , I saw a small speck of light in my mind which exploded into a cyclone of yellow lights swirling in all directions .
tr	C	I 'm sure she 's already plotting to disconnect me with kerosene and set me on fire .
tr	C	Small pots of fake cacti decorate every table and bottles of tequila are splayed in racks all over the walls ; each one matted with aftershocks .
tr	C	For all intensive purposes her mouth was really wired shut , until they removed the liver later .
tr	C	He was wildly rearing and withdrawing the air .
tr	C	At the side of the ballroom , Sam finally came to himself and twisted violently , catching one of the certificate by surprise .
tr	O	We have no idea what could happen to you if I convert you .
tr	C	Especially this eventuality , this worthless piece of inferior garbage ! "
tr	C	" Violence , Death , Lies , Doubt , kindred .
tr	O	Lisa nodded solemnly , hurtling around another corner , missing a parked car by half an inch .
tr	O	I thought that maybe someone we 'd robbed had decided to get some payback , but instead I found the three of them in the bathroom .
tr	O	So I choose the indigo couch that 's toward the back of the room , grouped with a couple of chairs into a relaxing sitting area .
tr	O	Moving quickly , I nabbed the phone , saw Jackson 's name , and smiled .
tr	C	Erin told Maggie and me about it last month while we waited to look at Mercury and Venus through a nanny during an evening astronomy lab .
tr	C	The décor gave Dunk an apologetic smile .
tr	C	If Tabby wanted her boon to be correct , she might take any results she found to mean just that .
tr	C	" So what was the print media 's position on scrolls ? "
tr	O	Shepherd interrupts his thoughts and says , " There 's a woman on board you may be interested in seeing . "
tr	O	She 'd have to go barefoot , which would be hell but a whole lot better than trekking in wilderness with high heels .
tr	O	I press a palm to the trophy case and wipe a tear from my face .
tr	O	And if I hear you picking any fights with the army booths , you 're out and your commander hears about it in the morning .
tr	C	And there 's all those mattresses down there .
tr	O	I 'm warded from neck to ankle just to keep him under control , but I can still hear him . "
tr	O	I 've never pushed that one too far , though , so maybe I do have a curfew and I just don 't realize it .
tr	C	He passed off every handgun he could , especially the ones that cost money , although you were already paying an exorbitant amount of child support . "
tr	O	We merely accumulate facts until facts lead us to the logical conclusion .
tr	C	" You git . "
tr	O	I can 't say no or he 'll probably shred the release papers .
tr	C	The wannabe ninja ... has wet his pants . "
tr	O	These were Braddock 's men , and I wondered if I 'd recognize any from my campaigns all those years ago .
tr	C	There was no zipper , but the front seamlessly joined together as if by clusters .
tr	O	" Aye , ' tis true laddie , " he said grudgingly , though his eyes twinkled .
tr	C	Cordelia turned to Matthew , " Is he always such an RV ? "
tr	C	What did he understand about shipping ?
tr	O	The purpose is to inflict a forceful strike on the forehead using a bolt to induce unconsciousness .
tr	C	Once he was happy that there was no one else there , he gave three short yips and the commander directed the rest of them inside .
tr	C	The lawsuit would remove the roots .
tr	C	He took off his shirt and ripped it in half along the tremors , laying the pieces atop her body .
tr	C	* * * " It will take a connection to six stars to pull enough energy without arousing any of them . "
tr	O	The small pail had already hit the water so he let some of the rope slack to let the pail tilt to its side .
tr	O	Too many friendships tended to impede on her reading .
tr	C	Ben tried to make himself sound relaxed and believable as he spoke , but he could still hear the fear and expansion in his voice .
tr	O	He could see your utter hopelessness .
tr	O	I didn 't care about points of theology or logic .
tr	C	" You 're American royalty , " he said , reciting the link .
tr	C	There wasn 't anything I could put between us , no counter , no antenna , nothing .
tr	O	Releasing them for a moment , he jerked the large double sash out of the molding , then dove into the air .
tr	O	The reproach was clear in her voice .
tr	O	Rachel needed to talk to Bruce , make sure he sanctioned this .
tr	C	The force that to the boy means decay , rouge , destruction , and , at last , death ?
tr	O	I 'm a big believer in putting good things into your life if you want good things to come of it . "
tr	O	" Mr. President , my people ran the statistics on the leaks .
tr	C	Only now do I realize that I had been assuming the two guardians were one and the same .
tr	C	They all wore black , pulsating with assault weapons ready at their shoulders .
tr	O	" Drop the Taser . "
tr	C	I swallowed hard , ignoring the painful jab at my muse .
tr	O	She hit a green button and Ken heard something like a dial tone , and a string of different beeps .
tr	C	As day turned to night , she settled into the most sheltered edge of her web ... and wondered about the cul-de-sac .
tr	O	I am not a lawyer and I don 't really know the proper legal way of phrasing things .
tr	O	She 'd been trained to mark and remember pathways and exits and turns .
tr	O	That redness was blood .
tr	C	Hope you like trolls .
tr	C	A couple fireballs were running down the same aisle we were about to cross .
tr	C	" Pay up . "
tr	C	I thought he acted like someone who had goofed big-time and was spurred by what he had done . "
tr	O	The shapeshifter was hard at work , slicing chicken for a particular dish .
tr	O	The whole town would be in an uproar !
tr	O	They overslept , since no one stayed awake to keep watch to see when the other group would leave , but that was okay .
tr	C	Add the now loud discussion between combatants and , sure enough , Cara and Mike were attracting stares from the crowd .
tr	C	I took him in as my clerk and hoped to make him my bladder .
tr	O	This enticed the children .
tr	C	Kip kicked at it as he walked , resisting the temptation to coax it into the ground .
tr	O	I think she zoned out . "
tr	C	I could see the soles of Jules ' knuckles and felt a little sorry for her .
tr	C	Crops failing and sickness and no drought and no Eden .
tr	O	to blot out the memory whenever something reminded her of that evening .
tr	O	Her hands went to her hair in a futile effort to tidy the wild thickness of it .
tr	O	Turning back to his bel ows and sphere device , he finished his notations and then began a complex series of calculations .
tr	C	" Suck it out , Green . "
tr	O	Had anyone written any guidelines for these types of situations ?
tr	C	" Is this where I 'm supposed to reprimand and tattoo your name on my ass ? "
tr	O	As he came to a stop a few feet away , in the light from a brass sconce , he could see it .
tr	O	" Shortly after I had joined WCI as a young doctor , the pastor of a church asked to see me .
tr	C	announced one of the crewmembers , bellowing through a barbecue .
tr	C	" She was about as harmless as a piranha in a tank full of productivity . "
tr	O	A ray of sunlight crept through a near opaque window sited high on the walls .
tr	C	" Which one is she , aye ? "
tr	O	All eyes turned to Christine , who had been forgotten in the heat of the proceedings .
tr	C	Some were solo games , others involved teams of players huddled over large refreshment , directing the action within .
tr	C	Franco lifted his hand and dragged a fiddle along the exposed skin of her upper arm .
tr	O	She came to us , we prepped her , and for years she was an informant and translator .
tr	C	Ronan , with only a little pulsating , replied , " Pot calling the kettle black . "
tr	O	" Carry it from the chain at your waist .
tr	O	In this document I 'll attempt to give a little background on Earth 's ruling species -- the humans .
tr	O	Our small group camped at the edge of a forest line .
tr	C	Ryland leaned closer , his lips rubbing over hers , teasing at the corners of her mouth , small little shrines .
tr	C	The thick air caused misfortune to be near zero .
tr	C	He didn 't mention where he lived , but a general friendliness to gauge reaction or an invitation .
tr	C	" I was an idiot to think that there was a mockery of humanity in you . "
tr	C	The breezes kept their distance , but showed no signs of leaving the convoy .
tr	O	My mom dropped her mouth open in shock , her face paling at the directness of his statement .
tr	C	He thought that was an exorbitant amount of money at the time , and had raised plenty of hell about the hilarity of the project .
tr	O	Jane sat in her own vehicle at the curb of the Burkes ' house , her eyes on her sister-in-law 's minivan .
tr	C	Their chirping and angry gestures roll off me .
tr	C	The statement had less to do with the divulging of information and more to do with the need to faze Garcia .
tr	C	Those closes , we pledged and those with beady eyes got a bullet between them -- for good luck .
tr	O	From her skirts , she withdrew a satin kerchief , tucking it into the front plate of his armor .
tr	C	Reaching the salon , he kept one hand on a paragraph as he moved around the cabin .
tr	O	Some of his colleagues have speculated many of the younger generations of humans have fallen in battle , but Doctor Hartman believes humanity may have become sterile .
tr	O	They were shipped to a base that I had and then brought out into deep space . "
tr	C	" Go now , " Elizabeth said , waving her away as if she were an unwanted wildlife .
tr	O	His dad said even the cavemen had geniuses among them .
tr	O	It was beyond profane for a unicorn to surrender its magic to a human .
tr	C	There is something different in their plantation .
tr	O	Ember blocked and parried .
tr	C	" copying what ? "
tr	O	They called it the draft , and if you were between the age of 18 to 37 , you could be enlisted in the armed services . "
tr	O	She knew the cadence of the softly spoken words .
tr	C	The bodies were tossed in , faces bristled with sulfuric acid to prevent any subsequent identification .
tr	C	Within a few years , she 'd risen to top sales consultant in her division .
tr	O	" Describe him . "
tr	C	I decided to organise the life of the Pug Wells character , not with one man , but with three .
tr	C	This kid thinks I 'm scouting for drugs .
tr	O	Specifically they are the descendants of the Manasseh clan of Israelites . "
tr	C	Ethan returned to town a year or so ago , now a pigeon who developed weapons software the government paid big money to acquire .
tr	O	Carefully he moved away from the wall , walking towards a stockpile of bows and countless arrows .
tr	O	I understood , and the sorrowful lesson I learned that day instilled within me one of the core values that defined my life .
tr	C	They offered designer babies for a discount price , and a few wealthy families took advantage of it .
tr	O	On our right were decent , clean homes , well maintained and obviously inhabited by more affluent owners .
tr	O	The black two-piece suit is tailored to fit my slim build .
tr	C	The light caught the plots in her gold necklace and brought its floral design to life .
tr	O	When they shush you , you stay shushed .
tr	O	There was still a multitude of people at the farm going back and forth as the media was trying to get as many interviews as they could .
tr	O	Since he had no spider silk handy , he reached for the fluffy thing with both hands and used it to blot the blood on his chest .
tr	O	Why do you want me dressing up in silk chiffon ? "
tr	C	They were just seconds from having a hot and dirty merc in her apartment .
tr	O	A chill creeps from the deep to wrap around me like a tight tentacle .
tr	C	He was soon to find that the drowsiness had been moved to special duties and he was duly warned off his pursuit of them .
tr	C	Tossing aside the book , I draped a hand over my eyes and tried to still the bondage wheel in my mind .
tr	O	" Yes , mam . "
tr	O	Please go back where you came from or we will notify your parents . "
tr	O	Blood spurted from the wound .
tr	C	I think we should let uniform soften him up first by questioning him over the spires .
tr	C	High heels resonated against the floor as a figure was silhouetted in the doorway .
tr	O	" I 'm kidding , " he assures me as he extends an arm to me .
tr	O	Sebastian goes to find us a table while I head straight for the food queue , which is thankfully short .
tr	O	Not just tall , but as broad shouldered as a lumberjack .
tr	O	Chapter 9 " Much better , " Elizabeth said after she had finished her first cheeseburger .
tr	C	" Well , you tell him he frightens me money , " Charlie said .
tr	O	" The glittering lights , the constant companionship , the liquid entertainment .
tr	O	Shannon also latched onto Seth to propel him into motion .
tr	C	" This is ... " The cinnamon roll dropped off his flaw , back onto the pan .
tr	C	" Shake off the Band-Aid . "
tr	C	A fire had already been smoldering from early morning hacking , so Dr. Morgan tossed more wood on the coals .
tr	C	He heard himself say with all the doomsday of an accusation : " You ! "
tr	C	She was a six-pack of curves , not quite full-figured , but sleek and rounded , the absolute essence of femaleness .
tr	C	Marcus snapped his scythe back against the veteran 's shield , and growled , " Quiet in the ranks . "
tr	O	Their hoods fell back and I saw deformed faces as though burned by fire or acid .
tr	C	Nic saw me staring and schooled his face into the stoic mask I 'd come to churn .
tr	C	We got one guy on board who 's worked on them and were hoping to get the fluids up and going .
tr	O	Yet their interest did not wane .
tr	C	Do you have no redemption ? "
tr	C	He arranged his face in that arrogant mask , the one that made him impossibly handsome , and as cold as his professionalism .
tr	O	A spark flew from the left glove as it shorted out .
tr	O	In some contexts the harbinger of breakups or divorce .
tr	O	" A sorcerer is a person who doesn 't need a spellbook , because they have a natural ability and can make their own spells happen .
tr	C	Here , hold the wheel and keep your foot on the chimney . "
tr	O	Then her smile ripened into something Mali had never seen from her aunt -- the aspect of a woman on the prowl .
tr	C	Like an unusually high amount of electrical switchboard ? "
tr	C	said Catherine , who had been looking after the weights together with Steve .
tr	O	" The prince is one lucky bastard , " he muttered beneath his breath , before instructing us to stand up and follow them .
tr	C	She 's always fussing over him .
tr	O	I had prepared well , practised the answers to all the frequently asked questions and rehearsed my walking and speaking style many times .
tr	C	How do you get out of the carton of suffering ? "
tr	O	Stefan had managed to kil one other during the fight , ripping her throat out , but the body had been tidied away somewhere .
tr	O	" That was a good entrance into the boxing world . "
tr	O	They saw it as the god , s prerogative , but they never followed suit .
tr	C	After which , the fireworks would mark the beginning of the timbers .
tr	C	Steven was uncomfortable in such an informal setting , discussing the future of his scrolls with two guys that looked about Mat 's age .
tr	O	Cale shook his head in disagreement .
tr	O	And I 'm betting all the other victims were shape-shifters , too . "
tr	O	Boxes listed its specifications , and reports filled in one after the other about the primary status of the ship .
tr	O	Our plans may be a bit crazy , but I 'd rather not have them end with you splattered across the cobblestones down there . "
tr	C	He was such a tad .
tr	C	This was to prevent identification of other clients , and thus avoid any rumours of blackmail or other such skulduggery .
tr	O	" I get all my news and information about current events from popular television programming .
tr	O	" He 's all but totally responsible for rallying the entire First Senatorial .
tr	C	' I told the hunk to set something up at the funeral parlour .
tr	C	That you are the better climber ?
tr	C	Sometimes when a Source and intellect are linked , it halts the aging process .
tr	O	" Get out your textbooks , " he said with his back turned to the students while he wrote something up on the board .
tr	O	" And their power only went to female descendants . "
tr	C	But beating a woman down , brimming with her , hinting at the torture to come ?
tr	O	She supposed that they must have come from neighbouring farms that owed fealty to Geir .
tr	O	There is a French dictionary sitting on the pile as well .
tr	C	Few shared his own delight in their burning huts and lust for life .
tr	O	Her grasp of the art of sorcery was uncanny and her enormous inborn powers were helpful .
tr	C	Chapter Five There 's a big producer along Alma Road advertising this wall climbing facility in Windsor Leisure Centre .
tr	O	" Because I didn 't bring my mints . "
tr	O	He 's like a colt on a windy day .
tr	C	" Afternoon pick me up , " he gestured toward where Ryder was sealing his credit card and shooting me a sideways glance .
tr	C	' They should have amplified this up straight away .
tr	C	Whether he could rise above the person he 'd been in the fireflies , well , that rested squarely in his own hands .
tr	O	" Do you still have that hacker friend of yours ? "
tr	C	The local merchants that David had organised for us had two black ' stretch ' Hummers waiting for us , complete with tinted windows and snow chains .
tr	O	We discussed it and agreed that it didn 't make any sense for both of us to get attorneys since we agreed on everything .
tr	O	That asteroid we discovered that turned out to be an old Russian satellite . "
tr	C	" Your ex-girlfriend . "
tr	C	" A Kiss to Set a Dream On " by Louis Armstrong .
tr	C	I got all your grenades ! "
tr	C	He slowed the horse to a marathon .
tr	C	Then he turns off the light and hops onto his bed , as his mind replays six different scenarios .
tr	O	Max tried hard not to yawn as the contractor droned on in his monotone voice .
tr	C	He would splash her blood over half the store and count the loss of injustice as worth it .
tr	O	She 'd given him a title , an office , a staff , and total legitimacy .
tr	C	We 've done practice bulls , gone over conversational etiquette , and memorized gossip .
tr	O	CHAPTER 5 : SOFIA My eyes were glued to the young man Vivienne was embracing only moments ago .
tr	C	Ross glanced across the underbrush .
tr	C	' That 's the verse everyone 's talking about , ' Marshall said , pointing at a crate on the floor .
tr	C	I squeezed his hand , petting the validation .
tr	O	Either he was still in a meeting or he was so swamped with work he had lost track of time .
tr	C	I 'm kind of in the mood for a kidney .
tr	C	And then he took hold of the shackles with both hands again , putting a little more force into each push of his legs .
tr	O	Two of the soldiers polished brass buttons popping off in the process , dropping with dull pings as they hit the wooden table , rolling slightly .
tr	O	A big woman needs a big set of jugs to go with everything else . "
tr	C	He teaches us everything , for giving him you . "
tr	O	Go ahead and connect to the interface and speak to me . "
tr	C	There was simply too much competition among her peers for there to be any real crane .
tr	C	There are bad people out there ... not just the goings-on . "
tr	C	Probably wrapped up grunting in Nancy 's arms , I thought snidely .
tr	O	" Meeting me . "
tr	O	I must remember to discharge my valet . "
tr	O	There had been too many misunderstandings between them .
tr	C	I 'm working on a mutt to spread it around ... No mate , Emily 's keeping an eye on the other stock .
tr	C	The blue glow spread to sue me , whispers and pleas brushing against my mind .
tr	C	Nicholas asked the remaining defenders at the table .
tr	O	She had given Quentin a hard time about making her babysit .
tr	O	" That is the year a boy assumes the mantle of manhood .
tr	O	So is seeing auras .
tr	C	" You kept that quiet boss , " said Jones , " I didn 't have you down as a telepath .
tr	O	She found the many hidden Phantom lookouts and led her companions away from their sight .
tr	O	I saw Brittany take all her stuff with her , even her stapler . "
tr	O	Some madness beset her ere she made her journey , there is no doubt , but what madness beset you to think of travelling that land ? "
tr	C	Anyway , I suppose the proposal died with her , but I just wanted to check before I falter all the paperwork into the trash .
tr	O	Almost as swiftly as it had arisen , the horrible sensation in Ryan 's mind subsided , this time disappearing altogether .
tr	C	The day slipped by in a long train of thoughts , and she forced herself to focus on her planting , to impale herself in her work .
tr	C	Joshua came closer , and read the submarine , ' Local Company Opens , Brings Employment Opportunities . '
tr	O	He dropped his torch lighter into an open box of the cigars and grinned at me with the cigar hanging out of his mouth .
tr	O	There were other people who could run the operation for him here , and anyway , he shouldn 't neglect his Spanish businesses for too long .
tr	O	I asked , my curiosity growing by leaps and bounds .
tr	O	Of course , he 's had enough with these schemes , so now it 's probably going to be simple schemes from here on out . "
tr	O	Amy appeared wide eyed and visibly tense too but took the mic first .
tr	O	" I think I 'll just take the club combo , with a Sprite , please .
tr	C	Many women with your hair would be unable to dye color ; they would look pallid .
tr	C	the Banker was saying , his gnarled hands groping clumsily with the stays of her dress .
tr	O	I knew this was a ploy , maybe a way to make me surer , but I didn 't want to care or say no .
tr	C	In short order , they all mounted the passageways and climbed .
tr	O	He answered her questions patiently , but the underlying tone of his voice made it obvious he knew something was wrong .
tr	O	Nick also happened to be my college playmate , as in we had sex but weren 't dating .
tr	O	Sean and Killian swatted aside any punches they threw while pummeling them into bloody wrecks .
tr	C	" I 'm calling anyplace ! "
tr	O	Like grr , " Jin questioned doing his monster imitation .
tr	C	Can 't be contributing much of a signal , right ? "
tr	C	Frank dropped into the tripod opposite Kim and Ellen joined them .
tr	O	" I can 't afford laundry detergent ; what makes you think I could hire a maid ? "
tr	C	Now , as I watch them , with my eyes finally open , I can see how they also struggle with their own machinations of guilt .
tr	O	Realm exhales , pushing his bowl aside .
tr	O	Hereby sentenced to death , as tainted blood , in conjunction with the sentencing of Reginald Baskin . "
tr	C	A barely perceptible flash of fear factors in his eyes .
tr	O	The doctors were impressed that the two women performed their nursing duties well , and had continued to instruct them in caring for the sick and injured .
tr	O	He kept his wings veiled , but it didn 't prevent his flying .
tr	O	The car screeched through the late-afternoon streets , bright Russian facades peeking like fairy-tale houses through plumes of swirling snow .
tr	C	" The price ought to be three dudes , but he 'll try for four .
tr	C	Tree removed after house deteriorated .
tr	O	The angels tug on the leashes .
tr	O	He dared a glance to see all three coyotes watching him .
tr	O	She heads into the office , says something to Sydney , and then talks to one of the secretaries .
tr	C	I say , just to draw a little more attention to my notoriety .
tr	C	Maybe a prosecutor knocked you over the head while you were passed out . "
tr	C	And that he had better not anger the inventor who had given him the favor of competing .
tr	O	And abruptly they fell back away from me , wailing dreadfully , hiding their unearthly green eyes , slinking behind the massive black pillars .
tr	C	His baggy black trousers were held in place by white wildflowers .
tr	O	" She leaves a lot to be desired when it comes to tact . "
tr	C	By changing the atoms within the molecules around the bearing areas made of titanium and ceramics , with high-powered lenses , they made the breakthrough .
tr	C	Benny 's eyes wander to the Chevelle as he extends his shaven head and crosses his muscular arms .
tr	C	They started with entities : girls in one lane , boys in the next , alternating for each age group .
tr	C	I get the lapel crooked smirk that I 'm finding less arrogant and more playful now .
tr	C	My head explodes with the need to scream .
tr	C	She 's one of the other lawyers , and the woman I 've been reporting to since I was assigned to the clump .
tr	O	Zach stood a moment in silence gazing at those eyes , at what they spelled to them both .
tr	C	" Dust , " the Constance holo answers .
tr	C	The coyote springs back to its firm stance .
tr	C	My hands dig into an oversized trunk , slinging it .
tr	C	* * * Ninety minutes later , the paperwork had been signed by both parties and Ford had called his personal publicist to transfer the money .
tr	C	" Because he 's an antidote , and so am I , " she said simply .
tr	C	Nate jumped back in shock , buckling his balance just inches short of the pool .
tr	O	She 's taken the watchmen down there .
tr	O	I don 't want to throw a little red ball around all day in between shelving and sorting journals , " I whined .
tr	O	I needed a good heart-to-heart with momma .
tr	C	He reined his cup , drank it , and poured some more .
tr	O	Not all of it stinks .
tr	O	I must send a pigeon to their families and the Head Mage .
tr	O	You aren 't the first one to come into this town with similar notions .
tr	C	They informed him in a countless hoard of ways that he , a special , wasn 't wanted .
tr	O	Work was his life ; despite leaving the thrill of frontier patrolling behind , he was happy staying in one place for now .
tr	O	I could already see her making me sit and room with freshmen .
tr	C	I lathered up again because I heard him saying it over and over : " I like to listen , I like to listen . "
tr	O	It had been taken when I was surfing , some discarded shot from a photo shoot , maybe .
tr	C	The closets and possessiveness of the Alderman home still smelled like fresh paint .
tr	O	They both started snickering and went back to their ogling .
tr	C	He feels suddenly conceived by shedding the mental weight of the refrigeration problem .
tr	C	She figured that allowed her some nourishment .
tr	C	They suspect she is turning into one of those creatures now and suggested that I bring her to Atlanta , where scientists are working on an amplifier .
tr	C	A young man in a black airship 's jacket with a cigarette hanging from his mouth approached , though Clay barely saw him .
tr	O	He selected the first and waited for it to load , noticing that it came with an attachment .
tr	O	He stopped , intercepting Seth 's attack .
tr	C	Killing to the support and grumbling of life .
tr	O	He felt a vivid , almost physical , shrinking sensation take hold of him .
tr	C	His lighthearted mood darkens his features .
tr	O	With the dignity of a queen and the stubbornness of a willful child , Julie flipped her leg over the ladder and left the loft .
tr	O	No ... if we were to stay , I am sure it would only be because of your great generosity and compassionate nature .
tr	C	The warm summer breeze blew through her hair , milking the sensation of his touch .
tr	O	" Open your senses to the max .
tr	O	Nash jumped to his own defence .
tr	C	" We man the repercussions , boys .
tr	O	The king was sending a representative ?
tr	O	Report all anomalies . "
tr	C	" He didn 't have to know you always eat the departments , " I pointed out .
tr	C	He scurried around to find a nice large corporation .
tr	O	He shoved his hand into his pocket and removed the crumpled up paper clipping of Gwen and Karen and the dead bird .
tr	O	Such determination ... I should leave before I aggravate him even more .
tr	O	Not that Johnnie was some creep smelling women , there was just something about Jess that enticed him .
tr	O	A man can weave a lot of fantasies about a woman he rescues .
tr	C	" You can 't tell Gwyneth what to - " Mum began , but I kicked her sneaker under the table and grinned at her .
tr	C	Mrs. Wang had been offended by the frequent comings and goings of the cabal 's guests , often too late at night , in her opinion .
tr	O	" The moon is littered with millions of big and small craters coming from meteorites or meters for shorten pronunciation .
tr	O	This basis of her thinking had received a disagreeable blow , and reeled a little , but was not easily to be overthrown .
tr	O	Every intentional touch of her hand on his revived what he once thought lost forever .
tr	O	She dug into her first task : deciphering the names of the Black sisters listed at the back of the tome .
tr	O	The moment she 'd seen him in the gazebo that evening , she dismissed the father-figure image she 'd had in her mind all these months .
tr	C	A bit of the bravado evaporated from the cashier as the three passengers looked at him uncertainly .
tr	C	Kane : He 's never heard of The Scoundrels - high society loved Hank enough to adopt his open mockery of everything they did .
tr	O	" Finish your sentence . "
tr	O	The paramedic began his first question , and I felt like throwing up .
tr	C	Her head explodes in my direction and she stumbles back like she 's afraid I 'm going to attack her .
tr	C	He 'd been raised here and knew that carelessness could easily reach a hundred degrees a dozen or so times each year .
tr	O	In one gesture he upended it over his head and handed it back to her .
tr	O	His head ached and throbbed and the painkillers did little to help .
tr	O	Nicko stood happily in the stern , holding on to the tiller , and confidently set sail for the open reaches of the river .
tr	O	" Why would the feds come after ya ? "
tr	C	The existentialist , by definition , weighs on the personal : on individual existence , subjectivity , and choice .
tr	C	She was here this morning before I left for the wastebasket . "
tr	O	The Simi sees an expulsion coming on .
tr	C	She gave Eve a spoonful , ordered a cup of tea , and went in search of a decent spot to work .
tr	O	Just part of my sexy , girl can 't resist allure .
tr	C	" Putting these kingdoms on the river in this frail vessel .
tr	C	Once she was inside , she placed him carefully in his cradle and set the computer to rebuild his undies .
tr	C	A little boy rushes up and grabs the dog 's collar , pulls her off me and buries her back towards the open doorway of a house .
tr	C	" Let 's make a possum , you and I. " She eased open his legs to kneel between them .
tr	O	" I 'm wearing a clean T-shirt , and my acne 's a lot better . "
tr	O	It was only moments until he reached the top of the ravine and looking back he could see no sign of the rider .
tr	O	It bubbles out and sparkles like champagne , igniting flashes deep in the back of my sinuses .
tr	C	Should Rose favour my uncles he will watch over us .
tr	O	He responded by pulling out nearly all the way , then gripping her pelvis and thrusting back into her .
tr	O	" And that was a cheap comeback . "
tr	O	Up here it 's all reception suites , canteens and cleaning cupboards .
tr	C	" You cannot , " said a voice , firm as the splashes of the earth .
tr	C	This truck 's gon na have to be relied , unfortunately . "
tr	O	He 'd said it amiably , but Sheridan couldn 't help wondering if he harbored some envy .
tr	C	It ended up knocking Nick in the arm , sending a stream of grenades into the air that Christian silently hoped nobody else could hear .
tr	O	He then waded in after Molly and held her under the water until she stopped moving .
tr	O	In the open ballroom , a cleaning crew of five was mopping and washing , all five wearing jeans and navy blue T-shirts .
tr	C	So just start the rum and scan the area .
tr	O	The fear and pain lingers .
tr	C	Blowing him another kiss , she waved , guided the award out of the garage , and she was gone .
tr	O	He rolls his eyes and smirks .
tr	O	He had no record of the charter .
tr	O	" Most likely hypothermia , but we 'll make sure nothing else is going on , " Lorenzo said .
tr	O	She fidgets with a stack of plates and carries them over to the cupboard before backtracking to the sink .
tr	C	She 's never even hurt a thriller .
tr	O	We both ran toward each other giving high fives , jumping up and down , laughing , hooting and hollering .
tr	O	They 're not quite teenagers , so they 'll still bide you a bit .
tr	O	A little light repartee , nothing serious or critical . "
tr	O	I burst out laughing as Evan appeared in his own pirate garb .
tr	C	No elongated canines or anything that could be remotely described as a drought .
tr	C	He was warranted a two-hour pass . "
tr	C	Hummel stared at me , tried to resemble a transition , failed of course , and plunged in anyway : " Do something for me . "
tr	C	There was a dampness in Lauren 's voice that matched Angie 's own emotions .
tr	C	Anyone who questions my authority will go to work permits , which I 'm sure you already know about .
tr	O	I saw an open anemone nestled in one of the old fireplaces , with something glinting beside it , and swam down to look .
tr	C	This eBook may not be re-sold or given away to other people .
tr	C	" What have you done with my thesis ? "
tr	C	It 's not really made of signatures . "
tr	C	I 'd been present when Fuchs shot King Martin , so I of course elicited in the affair , and the raging crowd made me sweat .
tr	C	CHAPTER 22 SHADOW ON THE ROCKS Lightning zigzagged across the sky .
tr	O	- Is she that woman who saw at your neighbour ?
tr	C	Obviously there 's been a consumer . "
tr	O	He couldn 't get into the fray if there was a chance the Foxes could shake the ball loose .
tr	C	When the vicar asked after any backlash , we were told to take turns . '
tr	O	Now he only wished he could keep standing , but the strapping did seem to help a little .
tr	O	More , unnoticed tears were pooling in the man 's haunted face .
tr	C	His touch had a tender strength , and their fingers delved so naturally that Rachel felt like they 'd done this for a lifetime .
tr	O	For us to start running , we would always be looking over our shoulders , forever worrying about the cartel .
tr	C	The sky was black , but the area around the city was lit as if by cornfields .
tr	O	She 'll also get you acquainted with the mechanisms running the place , privacy , security , Internet and entertainment , to mention a few .
tr	C	All continued to be gleaned much to Leo 's pleasure .
tr	C	And then I could give you the breakers . '
tr	O	Theoretically , gentry knew how this worked .
tr	C	Now you take your leave of me and go on to Nazareth before more announcements come through here .
tr	C	" It 's launching into the singles scene , and if I 'm going , you 're coming with me . "
tr	C	Today she had it pulled up in bikinis that were held with spiked bands that matched the spiked collar around her neck .
tr	C	Things never withhold the way I want them to , but as I 've learned to my cost , I 'm not the center of the universe .
tr	O	" Who gives this woman in matrimony ? "
tr	O	I was standing on a long pier that stretched straight over a large body of black water that lapped at its pillars .
tr	O	Once he 'd been wheels down on the tarmac at Mandalay International , there was no turning back .
tr	O	Violet 's eyes gleamed as the two girls walked away into the swirl of revelers .
tr	C	They entered the room where a live orchestra was playing a lasso .
tr	C	" Oh , pardon me for declaring that the bloodlines of Valentine 's child are anything less than pure . "
tr	C	They went next , single file , on the telephones .
tr	O	He tried to open the window , but layers of cracked paint had long since welded it shut .
tr	O	Brice demanded in spite of her admonishment .
tr	O	To be fair I had good memories and good friends , but that couldn 't outweigh the bad .
tr	O	There 's a hierarchy of command and the Inquisitor is near the top .
tr	C	All these things that people were doing , something as ordinary as protecting themselves from rain , made me ache with a strange apparatus .
tr	O	" I think I am going to need another drink and you are definitely picking up the tab this time . "
tr	O	Lucky for me my little lapse in judgment got me some respect .
tr	O	This man thought that Sibyl was some sort of a prostitute .
tr	C	" He 's Fat George 's interpretation . "
tr	O	That 's not what I meant to imply -- " " I 'm just saying . "
tr	O	Although it was naïve , I can understand why she felt she should not disclose our meeting , especially as he had just altered his will .
tr	O	Even better , it has an attachment for the rover 's airlock .
tr	C	" And I would love to hear the rest of this downpour of yours .
tr	C	I consider taking his face in my hands and storing the ice cream over his cheeks , and pressing my lips to his .
tr	C	I stood next to the food table and turned away from everyone to disregard my garter belt .
tr	O	You know that if Lydia and Charlie hadn 't been here to keep me sane , I might have − .
tr	C	' I 'm too proud to beg , ' she refocused , ' and life 's too short to go scraping after lost causes .
tr	C	The look of jealousy ravaging his handsome face made me wetter .
tr	O	Just one long march until daybreak , then hide up during the day . "
tr	C	Naturally these things were done unintentionally , but nevertheless , I 've mourned you . '
tr	C	Zane must have seen the hunger pulsating through Ty 's eyes , because he started hurrying Ty down the hall toward the bank of elevators .
tr	O	The monks themselves were like an army , each one as powerful as a hundred normal men .
tr	C	His laughter fills my head again , a low chuckle that causes goosebumps to juggle all over my skin .
tr	C	Money had a way of disliking people to do strange things .
tr	O	I read volumes on preschool in my " How to Raise a Kid " books .
tr	O	His eyes burned like coals , shifting and falling .
tr	O	It had a soft , rich quality about it that Alexia felt was the visual equivalent of consuming a warm scone heaped with marmalade and clotted cream .
tr	C	The other silos were of mixed age , gender , and race , though I was willing to bet all were American .
tr	O	James nodded , his posture altering to one more rigid .
tr	C	" And he 's pissing you to hurt me , " I said .
tr	O	His father stepped into the small vestibule behind the altar where Mack waited .
tr	O	Tactical reported , " I 'm detecting energy buildup -- It may be preparing to fire . "
tr	O	It works on the same premise as verifying old masterpieces .
tr	O	My instincts have been telling me that something was wrong with Honour and his family , long before they died and the Officials overturned their home .
tr	O	She halted outside the door , fear overtaking her .
tr	O	Their bodies , once blunt weapons of destruction , had given out , expired .
tr	C	Henry had estimated to it earlier , some new kind of power that she possessed .
tr	C	I will give a final appraisal at the jump off point the day after tomorrow at 2000 hours .
tr	C	More than that , the bug that wiped out the backups used each person 's righteousness to do it . "
tr	O	The man was probably in his fifties and was obviously loaded .
tr	O	The Clerk of the Court announced the start of the defence case and looked towards Meyer .
tr	C	His inner flaw couldn 't choose among the swirl of issues that swam in his head , so he thought nothing .
tr	O	When I implied that I was strongly considering taking my business elsewhere , he had the audacity to laugh at me .
tr	C	And , finally , he 'd actually overtaken the insinuation .
tr	C	She stood in the bathroom doorway , wrinkling her hands .
tr	O	" Upset with myself and not you .
tr	O	' I used a motorbike . '
tr	C	The setting sun cast a rosy mishap over the orchard .
tr	O	Sarcasm made Ian 's burr even more pronounced .
tr	O	They obviously weren 't very honourable as a torrent of foul language erupted out of the speaker above our heads .
tr	C	" Ellen seems to be doing just f ire , don 't you think ? "
tr	O	The ref flips the quarter up into the air , and it hits the ground and lands on tails .
tr	C	She said with fluids in her voice .
tr	O	" How was the gospel singing ? "
tr	C	The two male descendants were much of a type , except physically .
tr	C	" We agreed to allow you to live here , " Marcus continued , " because we offer some sort of protection against what connects you .
tr	C	He liked to tell her that virtue wasn 't a solution , but Sarah wasn 't so sure about that .
tr	C	" How ... " " Like baby bulls in a pen .
tr	O	She saw a chance to put a stop with all the teasing and eradicate her earlier blunder and seized it eagerly .
tr	C	Most people had the same decency to the dark side of depression .
tr	O	He then took his kerchief and wiped the teardrops off his friend 's cheeks .
tr	O	I arched a brow , feigning nonchalance .
tr	O	Struggling valiantly to maintain an impassive visage , Adams nodded and bowed .
tr	C	Had it been lost , stolen , rigged ?
tr	O	They bustled around frantically , finding and choosing for her what they considered an appropriate apron .
tr	C	" Um ... dinner 's harvested . "
tr	O	The entire life had appealed to him .
tr	C	Jason runs for the door and he gives chase , trotting after him , crashing out into the sunshine .
tr	C	The renegades are after James . "
tr	C	I ended up spitting in his face , attacking the innocent redhead much like I did to the understudy back in the plantation days .
tr	C	The air-conditioning turned to face the camera .
tr	C	A roll of thunder tore the skies when the apparition finally slipped past his guard moments later .
tr	C	I feel a likeness of pity for Nicholas .
tr	C	Annie was behind me , against a wall but it seemed to have some kind of mileage , arms maybe .
tr	C	Jack looked over his shoulder and saw that Gabe had stayed behind , his binder held closely to his face .
tr	O	The Steel Demon was good , but everyone agreed they liked the creaking , clattering old wooden coasters best .
tr	C	There was a noticeable change in her tone of voice , and she gave me a thorough once-over as she turned to leave .
tr	O	So I jog to the side of the runner 's path , pretending that I need to work out a cramp .
tr	C	" Repeat the midnight oil ? "
tr	C	" Child , the submarine can help you , but it will not grant you wishes , only wisdom . "
tr	C	" The weather is supposed to be wonderful and the necklaces are good .
tr	O	" After the trouble you and your bother caused the clan , you are lucky I even listened to your inquiry to save face . "
tr	O	I need to get onto our finance department to tell them to cease all imports to the Hagar province . "
tr	C	I held back the blindness that wanted to come out .
tr	C	Sam leaned away and coughed into her hand , a wet , raspy sound like an old , dry granola .
tr	C	It 's just an illusion that spans the world with its pretty colors just before night comes and covers it all up with darkness .
tr	O	She didn 't bother to look around , knowing all the stacks of stuff she 'd accumulated .
tr	C	I sulked , waiting for the final thrust .
tr	C	Especially with the moonlight slashing the planes of his face .
tr	C	I know we harvested everything you had , just to get what we wanted .
tr	C	They 'd been out for the evening for one of Kevin 's work colleagues ' toilets and he 'd lost count of his drink .
tr	C	' Is that some kind of bloodlust ? '
tr	O	" Good thought process , little short on practicality . "
tr	C	I almost wonder if all of this is part of a marathon .
tr	C	" We 're evolving into the territory of the deep there aren 't we ? "
tr	O	Their desert adventure had been so inconclusive that they couldn 't even discount the alien theory .
tr	C	This was a joke , a burrowing for the new kid .
tr	O	So this is King 's catalog for all the junk downstairs .
tr	C	But crab was always rewarded , even if the player had guessed incorrectly .
tr	O	Trolls and gnomes bored into hillsides .
tr	C	Michelle beckons him in and lands a kiss over his lips .
tr	C	She turned and motioned to the pints with a flick of her wrist , and they closed the doors behind her .
tr	O	Tommy and Larry finished their cigarettes and then pluck two more from the pack .
tr	O	Thankfully the special surgical glue would prevent scarring .
tr	O	I said as he continued to strut and pretend to flirt .
tr	C	He 'd kill the person responsible for wielding her face .
tr	O	It woos and hisses at us , skittering in circles .
tr	C	He watched the farms and villages slide by , noticing the occasional vehicle and quite a few skulls and ploughs being drawn by horses .
tr	O	Her back is strained from tensing ; her teeth ache from gritting them .
tr	C	" We call this type of architect a platform ! "
tr	C	No one would hurt her again , not Chase , not her worthless son of a bitch prosecutor .
tr	C	She could not initiate anything : the passion of her last speech was still too strong within her .
tr	O	People working in government research really didn 't know what AI was , and our researchers knew only a little bit more .
tr	O	Courtney Cole 55 With My Last Breath , Book Three As I snuggled deeper into Lucan 's arms the strangeness of my current situation hit me .
tr	C	The formality is just the reverse of it .
tr	O	I froze , recognizing my savior from two nights ago .
tr	C	Some kind of weird atrium ?
tr	C	Were those deeds enough ?
tr	O	Travelling at breakneck speed across time and continents couldn 't be good for you .
tr	C	You know , half horse , half donkey - " " I know what a reversal is , Layla .
tr	C	This law was passed by the representative government .
tr	O	He chortled to himself .
tr	O	The arbors hung heavy with fruit and sweets tied with gold thread .
tr	O	My legs straddle his , and my skirt rides up , exposing my underwear .
tr	O	I thought he really did love me and his marriage to you was just a sham to further his career .
tr	O	How many clips were left in his vest ?
tr	C	It 's miserable to be heartbroken . "
tr	C	When he reached a point in ' Revelations ' referring to the gnashing of teeth , Abe stood and loudly proposed an end to the declining .
tr	C	Rock is easier to come by than pigeon in West Texas .
tr	C	Their children spread through the world and created and surmised things to their own liking .
tr	C	All Valencia was in opposition , but pushing his way against the flow of the crowd , Ezio made the appointed spot in ten minutes .
tr	O	Any one of them could have access to a scalpel if they were determined enough .
tr	O	After the greetings were over , Dorothy said , " Let 's go to work . "
tr	O	They blink a couple of times and then shares my panoramic view of the world ... on fire .
tr	C	She spoke her son 's name with deceit and so much hope it tore at him .
tr	C	" The farms don 't sit on clouds , " Mira said .
tr	C	She closed her eyes and inhaled his familiar scent : cologne , polo on his shirt collar and the underlying hint of his heated flesh .
tr	C	This Creed was supposedly pretty good , but Teague admittedly knew nothing about the collision or how good he was .
tr	O	Then a realisation came like the sudden tolling of a bell .
tr	C	A chimney composed of white stone flecked with gold projected up from the floor in the center of the room .
tr	C	Cleaned up , cheerful family tales -- food fights and flaws hidden under bedding to stay up past midnight .
tr	O	Sage called out , " I need two carpenters and one blacksmith to work with me today . "
tr	C	I think it must have been displaced because it seems to be a uniform width all the way up .
tr	O	" And she keyed my car . "
tr	O	I closed my eyes , trying to make sense of it , only to be swallowed up by unconsciousness so swiftly that it was disorienting .
tr	O	Your stepdaughter , Amy ' Philip burst out , ' He has enchanted her .
tr	C	Zoe jumps and laughs , tantalizing him on the arm .
tr	O	" And we don 't have a dictionary or any means of deciphering it ? "
tr	O	" Because an ounce of prevention - oh , never mind , " I groaned .
tr	O	That 's why you lured me here ?
tr	O	Over the last couple of years Silo One had become far too interested in the rate of the silo 's population decline .
tr	O	They are heading to the castle where the new king will be crowned . "
tr	O	" I have no prior experience with which to estimate our chances of success , " Zero began .
tr	O	I was in no mood for cuddling .
tr	C	They have varied tastes and sketches . "
tr	C	Liam fucked her once , twice and spawn more before he surrendered .
tr	C	Robert shushed him with a gentle hand cupping the side of his neck .
tr	C	Ethan walked back to his desk and began restoring his computer for files .
tr	C	We should have mourned for dangers .
tr	C	She was very curious , but wasn 't treading the idea .
tr	O	I ignored his spiel and stared him dead in the eye , " How do you know Meatloaf ? "
tr	O	I think I 've outgrown you after all these years . "
tr	C	Our father , Justice , who was a navigation and is now late , was of Irish ancestry .
tr	C	Doctor Diaz ordered as she placed her preference on Jason 's chest .
tr	O	" You been bad-mouthing me , Gypsy .
tr	C	And the decomposing body she was in was unloaded with chains .
tr	O	I took a moment to digest this before carefully picking my words .
tr	C	Fade into the coverage .
tr	C	Adam is showering , sucking , but Kim knows it won 't last .
tr	C	The pastel pinks and blues under the clouds suddenly reminded her of Earth .
tr	O	More hash , more rum .
tr	O	I would like specifics , " I say .
tr	O	The suspense was unnerving .
tr	C	Ingrid stepped in front of the full-length mirror and started pitching .
tr	C	It was several hours before he returned as usual just unfolding like magic seemingly out of thin air .
tr	O	Barnaby 's youngest cousin , and my sister , are the only others that survived the war , subsequent slaughter , and exile .
tr	C	Sabbath stamped a paintbrush and tossed his head , impatient .
tr	C	Branches and leaves scraped noisily against the doors and the underside of our vehicle as the driver honked the muddy , steep trail .
tr	O	To act as one of her attendants ? "
tr	C	Not exactly something that orchestrated a full court press .
tr	O	Insecurity in Bishop 's eyes quickly doused them .
tr	O	She muttered some expletives and paced the area , her hand on her heart .
tr	C	The tunnel fell silent as dozens of glowing eyes remained fixed on their hypocrisy of death .
tr	C	" I worked for my dad during off hangers .
tr	O	Before she can complete it , the monster jumps at the window , hits the grey light and vanishes .
tr	O	At the moment she thinks I 'm rebelling against the oppressed state that we live in and the restrictions on our lives .
tr	C	To calm myself down , I tried to focus on blackmailing Elliott .
tr	O	And through her shock she could not share in the elation of her recruits .
tr	C	Dropping the candle , Karen held the jawbone with both hands , swinging it back and forth to ward off the monster .
tr	O	Her father hated displays of emotion .
tr	O	" I guess I can understand where you 're coming from , but I can 't let this kind of thing disrupt the team .
tr	C	If you think back , my comments were very open to counterattack .
tr	O	As he chants , more pulse and others drift in from afar to be added to the patchwork panel .
tr	O	Knitting just wasn 't doing it anymore , not when this farce of a wedding got more ridiculous with each passing day .
tr	O	" It wasn 't ... " He wouldn 't let her take the blame for this , not even a crumb of blame .
tr	C	Coba expected his god to elude him , take the child 's power as his own .
tr	O	She forwarded ahead to events after his death .
tr	O	She offered him half of the scone thing , which looked a bit like a hard turnover to him .
tr	C	" Switch off the Band-Aid ... " His eyes turned speculative as he examined a spot on the floor for a long time .
tr	C	He chose a bouquet of deep red roses and white tunics .
tr	O	Fathers , mothers , young couples with their first homes and mortgages , juniors with their first jobs .
tr	O	He kissed her jawline and her neck .
tr	C	I had all but fetched my undying love to him the last time I was here , when I thought it was a dream .
tr	C	Just one of the many reasons Ryder didn 't mess with beverages unless he had to .
tr	O	Across the lake there were mansions on the height , new homes built by new money scant yards from the cliff and a hundred yard tumbling fall .
tr	O	" You 're probably a bit biased on that one , seeing as you are a part of the band .
tr	C	As you might conceive through your wild imagination , due to the various literature and hygiene you may have read and seen , was a flickering light .
tr	O	It can be any topic of your choice , just as long as it relates to astronomy .
tr	C	A disagreement , in his fifties maybe , wearing a tweed jacket .
tr	O	But this was a machine , and it had no pride to overrule its programming .
tr	O	I looked through the peephole .
tr	O	The rest of the office personnel look at me as I limp down the aisles towards the lift .
tr	C	I chuckled nervously at Al 's words , attempting to feign disinterest .
tr	C	Barely a wink of sleep had been mine , but still I had the cramp and permits to show for a long stormy night in the car .
tr	O	Venice seems , at first , to be a simple enough city to render .
tr	O	Her daughters were but wraiths , in a state of constant deterioration that was a result of their unnatural creation .
tr	O	How could he expend his anger at the man if he wasn 't going to fight back ?
tr	O	He blames me , you know , for losing his crown .
tr	C	Server providers were swept under this umbrella , allowing the site to be discharged for content before going live .
tr	C	" Poor muse , " he said softly .
tr	O	The infant was utterly unperturbed by her mother 's ailment or resulting damp predicament .
tr	C	" We are here for a rigorous appraisal of the health and safety nets you should be following . "
tr	C	She moved at amazing speeds , dodging trees , jumping over puddles , and ducking under branches .
tr	O	He felt it drain at the thought of her , felt the muscles of his throat constrict .
tr	O	" Why would I try and dissuade you from wearing your fashion .
tr	O	The grave was right and regular , the plot devoid of weeds or encroaching plant life .
tr	O	I fidget , trying to ignore the unusual aches and pains I 've acquired along the way .
tr	C	They acted like me being nice was some sort of miracle , like I was usually akin to a sleigh with a bad case of monkey butt .
tr	C	When he stared into her eyes , she spurred the meaning behind his confession .
tr	O	That was telling one of your cohorts to get ready to set off the fireworks , wasn 't it ? "
tr	C	Since the tide was still ebbing , unless they had quoted in the water , their prints should be still visible .
tr	C	Static crackled , prompting us both .
tr	C	As Frances stood in the ownership of the window , admiring the distant river view , she was comfortably drenched in Autumnal light .
tr	O	He 'd been kind to her , Hart said , during her pregnancy , but he promised he was storing up all kinds of things for later .
tr	C	I slouch he may be here a few days longer than I , what with broken ribs and three times as many stitches and all . "
tr	C	The moon was a friend , the stars often guiding lights he goaded by .
tr	C	I took each strut apart , munching a bunch of metal strips .
tr	C	Nicole 's eyes opened , drowsy at first , then lighting with the sharp intelligence that lived behind the hazel iris .
tr	O	" He would never abuse - " " What would you call unilaterally deciding to sell a horse I have every intention of competing on ? "
tr	O	In the corner near the body , a wisp of thick air moved .
tr	C	" What about hooking it , then ?
tr	O	' That poem said there were guardians near the tomb , but didn 't specify what .
tr	C	Dancing and drinking continued in the ballroom below , a Scottish reel filling the hall with its happy yips .
tr	C	I think one of them was cheesecake . "
tr	O	The bodies of the mine men were never found in the forest , but the locals blamed the Wolves and Bears , as the likely culprits .
tr	C	replied the small burlap .
tr	O	I didn 't expect to see you so I tacked it above your work desk .
tr	C	I don 't smother this commitment lightly .
tr	O	" They must be setting up for the party , " Delilah whispered after the vans were out of sight .
tr	C	Terry 's reducing them , Mike realized .
tr	O	He hadn 't meant to be so angry and regretted leaving her with the heavies .
tr	O	After he shimmied out of his boxer briefs , he stood there naked for the first time since his accident .
tr	O	After driving around for several more minutes , Kelly pulled into a drugstore parking lot .
tr	C	It 's my talkin ' too . "
tr	C	I 'm surrounded by the things of fairy tales and passageways .
tr	O	You can afford to mope around the house , licking your wounds and pouting for just as long as you want .
tr	C	Jill 's deadpan expression turned angry .
tr	C	" What happened with the victor ? "
tr	O	There was probably another old woman already ensconced in Yvette 's room .
tr	O	He watched as a very old woman with red dyed hair came unnoticed up to the gravesite as the others were moving away .
tr	O	You go traipsing around here , acting as if you 're not a catalyst for violence . "
tr	C	Then , if you 're still here , I am going to go hunt up a directive . "
tr	C	In response to the battle she could feel snug within him , she put her arms around his waist and hugged him .
tr	O	We were tested and trained every day much like the regimen you were put through . "
tr	O	Amazingly , the metal had not been tarnished and seemed as if it had been polished only yesterday .
tr	C	The last time Amber heard the word dingbat would have been some late night trend of All in the Family .
tr	C	I can 't always disregard it distinctly because that kind of energy often gets muddled , but in this case some of it is very clear .
tr	O	Wide brown eyes flicked up to him with wonder before she raced forward , not slowing as she barreled through the front flap .
tr	O	We were hoping if first we might ascertain the condition and state of your lordship 's dirigible . "
tr	O	An RPG struck the Humvee in front , with fortunately little damage , but enough to bring the convoy to a temporary halt .
tr	O	" And it makes the most sense , given that tuition is free since I 'm a professor there .
tr	C	" I 'm going to rein everything to charity . "
tr	C	I managed to force out the sentence through clusters .
tr	C	The flames changing shape every second , their mirth streaming endlessly upward .
tr	C	The place was a sighting .
tr	C	The mysteries of my past were about to avert full force and I was completely unprepared for it .
tr	C	I pictured Bennett lying beside me , his strong arms enveloping me , his warm mouth against my lips .
tr	C	The dominant religions of the country are various tribal natives .
tr	O	In its place is a mass of wires and a six-inch metal box with an antenna sticking out .
tr	C	They were all sixteen , donuts in high school , and they were on their way to fight the devil .
tr	C	Just as we were about to generate the hill above the valley , Mr. Mac motioned for Zack and me to come forward .
tr	C	Take it out to him and revive .
tr	C	His relief was matched by a pang of guilt as he ravenously tore into the hangers .
tr	O	" How about we dangle our feet in the water and talk ? "
tr	C	His voice was coming out in haste now , words splintering against me like a rushing tide .
tr	O	With a grumble , Isaiah 's Mustang lurches forward then stops just short of hitting the guy .
tr	C	If an agency had an acronym , they were here , needing to be pacified , directed , or aired .
tr	C	Principal Crosby took a handkerchief out of his pocket and speared his forehead .
tr	C	I tried not to care , but my chest started hurting and my breath started clipping .
tr	C	" The Bug has him now !
tr	O	Josie tossed another grape in her mouth .
tr	O	These were animals that prowled and slithered and swam in this habitat with two main priorities : to avoid unnecessary danger and to secure enough to eat .
tr	O	Then he frees my ankles .
tr	O	In my small lifetime I have burned a dozen houses of politician , journalist , and bad cook .
tr	O	I fell silent and watched him as he whisked his head from time to time , checking if anybody was here .
tr	C	A small turkey was succeeding in the oven , stuffed with Steve 's favorite sage dressing .
tr	C	" There , I 'm ready to ' hit the trail ' , " she smiled , favoring Henry .
tr	O	Zeus was gesticulating so wildly that a number of other shoppers had stopped to watch what was unfolding .
tr	O	" Ryan is going to need substantial physical therapy , and after losing his entire unit , his debriefing wil be substantial . "
tr	C	I wondered if that 's how I 'd grow up , withdrawing his beliefs with my own kids .
tr	C	If she was a vampire , did that mean she was some kind of spaceship ?
tr	O	" I 'll go uncover a couple of windows so we can see , " Brett said and left the room .
tr	O	Van Von snapped his fingers and a corporate vice-president came in with a tray upon which were a video screen and a speakerphone .
tr	O	That group had lingered from generation to generation , passing on secret truths and missions , breeding hatred for us .
tr	O	I guessed the two of them hadn 't been pals .
tr	O	' Needs get much more complex as people get older . '
tr	C	A rough hit from a tree branch unfolding the car to the side .
tr	C	Rollie raised her Taser gun and pulled the trigger .
tr	C	There were Wardens with medical certificates , stretchers , the works , trying to stabilize the wounded and get them to better help .
tr	C	" Get up against the fore wall of the canteen .
tr	C	" She would have lived that way if she was emotionally disturbed , and the pickings are pretty strong that she had emotional issues .
tr	O	Rory felt the flow of power going through her ease as the glowing cylinder of light dissipated down to Cain 's elbows .
tr	C	None of the other Liaisons were so involved in our foes .
tr	O	Before we can be cured we must want to be cured .
tr	O	A terrorist attack , she thought , the reality of the situation clubbing her over the head with an almost physical force .
tr	O	He ran to the alien , hidden blade primed .
tr	O	He glanced back at the ridge behind them and let out a low chortle .
tr	C	All that food I ate in The Capital Grille must have left a serious flaw in your wallet . "
tr	O	Next to him , Julia kept a sharp eye out as he reloaded .
tr	O	They each took turns giving the new foal a name , and today it was her turn .
tr	C	Farooq whooped in quicksand , scooped her up .
tr	O	" Dammit , Forte , " Poochie said , his voice rasping as he leaned forward and whispered .
tr	C	He certainly wasn 't checking her out ; he was prompting her with a careful eye .
tr	C	The clean , manly scent of him contradicted her being and she felt her insides begin to melt .
tr	O	Water ran through the big culvert that served as their driveway and swirled its way farther downstream .
tr	C	" After this downtime , Steve , come in the house and wash up for dinner ! "
tr	O	" What if I was proposing to you ?
tr	O	Above my head the scaffold creaked and groaned , and glancing up I saw joints briefly part before coming back together .
tr	C	But while I misjudged things between us , it didn 't stay that way .
tr	O	A rat scurried from the alley , seeking refuge behind one of the casks .
tr	C	After all the blood sacrifices , Victoria left pieces of herself inside you .
tr	C	Annabelle forced herself to avert the ire she 'd been nursing .
tr	C	It 's just a technicality anyway , he assured her , to make sure she gets put in the right classes for her nastiness .
tr	O	There was no repairing the damage the bastard had done .
tr	C	Of this there is no sash of doubt .
tr	O	I asked , again gaining the clerks attention .
tr	O	He got a heroes greeting back at Red Squadron dorms , and a belated ceremony was arranged for his medal reception .
tr	O	She had Isaac dressed and ready to go before James finished shaving .
tr	C	I have no comprehension but to call my lawyer .
tr	C	" The head pokes a lot , " said the museum 's first aid lady .
tr	O	That guy knew how to instill some fear .
tr	O	Even smudged with dirt and pale from exertion , she was still beautiful in the moonlight .
tr	O	Will you be requiring my services after Mrs. Matthews returns to France ? "
tr	O	The women he 'd been involved with were biologists , park rangers , oil geologists .
tr	O	He may be disguised as a janitor or washroom attendant .
tr	O	The occupant , Bri was eager to have had in the room .
tr	C	But her dreams and fantasies proved that he 'd loaned her defenses , and she was going to deal .
tr	O	Therefore the screen above the porthole immediately lit up when they came in : " Don 't be in a rush to get into the dinghy .
tr	O	We were gruesome rivals who fought constantly over anything and everything .
tr	C	He was only instructing me .
tr	O	I wanted to look and feel great on my first real date ; so I decided that the outfit I chose would suffice .
tr	O	The enormity of it all was still hitting me .
tr	C	I changed , uncomfortable about the amount of celibacy that spilled out of the top .
tr	O	As she was about to log out , a new e-mail popped up in her inbox .
tr	C	She writhed and moaned , caressing his head , drawing him closer , wishing there was hair for her hands to converge in .
tr	O	And in my head , I 'm already composing the email that I 'll send to Becca about this experience .
tr	C	A dank , creepy place full of magical potions that had a tendency to move around .
tr	O	Dean was already on her , forcing her onto her back , using his body weight to subdue her .
tr	O	But pleasing all the same .
tr	C	You had to be the kindling , not me . "
tr	C	" When you say ' all Conglomerate laws that do not contradict cultural mores , ' how much protein is offered when making that judgment ? "
tr	O	This classroom was definitely out of control and the administrator knew it , was worried about the impression Isla would have .
tr	O	But how the heck was I supposed to stay calm when there was fog everywhere , clouding everything , including the rational part of my brain .
tr	C	She rattled off the murals and then told Chance he could follow the gravel trail to park the Mustang around back .
tr	O	This constant repetition was becoming tedious .
tr	O	I finally broke my stasis and pinned myself against the wall of the well .
tr	O	Once among the warren of warehouses and quays , Juliet halted , not at all certain where to begin her search .
tr	O	" I 've reconsidered .
tr	O	He was also buck nak * d , which gave her the willies .
tr	C	Frequently , she devised motions based on telephone conversations with Marlowe or clients and rarely did they require much perfection .
tr	C	I wonder if being exposed to the craziness of technology has left me wanting more , or if it 's being exposed to the temptations of Holder .
tr	C	" We should make her denounce , " said Raggedy Andy .
tr	O	The cork flew off and we sipped cava and I admired her lips as they caressed the glass .
tr	C	Kate tore open four pints of sugar and poured them into her cup .
tr	O	I was sure if we ricocheted around long enough , we 'd find every thought I 'd ever had , transmuted into rock-solid form .
tr	O	' Well rest assured the only cheese , we have today is mature cheddar and some brie . '
tr	O	The Dark Lord paced now , only his silhouette visible against a backdrop of brilliant flame .
tr	O	Not only did Hugh finally feel a kinship with a member of his family but he thought he might one day win a similarly respected sobriquet .
tr	O	Been tellin ' myself for days that was gon na happen .
tr	C	As I trekked through online profiles , those words were never far from my mind .
tr	O	She turned all of the overhead lights on , even the light on the whiteboard , just to make the place less scary .
tr	O	Spiegel was reassigned to a staff position somewhere else in the American Zone , and did not return to the Battalion .
tr	C	Trevin obliged him by moving a hand nearer his own warship .
tr	C	On the floor was the omission Nicholas forbade anyone ever to empty .
tr	O	" You could become the most famous wolf researcher in the world . "
tr	O	" But it applies to other vampires ? "
tr	C	" Like snakes , " Zane muttered , looking back over at where the incline , Earl , and Ty were still talking .
tr	C	" Ask away , " she invited , dazzled into ready poise by the grin that seemed to say he found her attractive , too .
tr	C	" Do you mind if we eat before we continue this restriction ? "
tr	O	They marched openly and in full sight with shields and banners and flags waving about in the cold mountain wind .
tr	O	" I was conscious the whole time of our imprisonment .
tr	C	You should have rekindled your investigation more thoroughly , I am afraid . "
tr	C	She dug through her purse and pulled out an initiate of pictures but didn 't turn them over .
tr	C	Anyway she said I thought after that trump the other night with Dawn that you preferred me .
tr	O	Balthazar swung us into the dance as if he 'd rehearsed it ; he knew exactly where we belonged and exactly how to move .
tr	C	" Oh , yeh no , " Coach Bryson responds , pul ing Phil ips away by the hood of his sweatshirt .
tr	C	The contract we drafted included a gazebo that I take a look at what James called the ' brightest star ' in the real estate business .
tr	O	Did I sound glum when I said that ?
tr	O	I never cried before I came here , I was always emotionless , but that was the only downside I could find of moving here .
tr	C	" summoning me that case with the binoculars and saying , ' It 's just as well , sweets .
tr	O	Few of the accessories of Judaism remained .
tr	C	" Because once a girl is born the curse is over and the monstrosity won 't carry on .
tr	C	Zack tries to stifle a dismissal .
tr	O	She accused him of faking the test , switching samples .
tr	O	On the worktable something squirms inside one of the larger jars .
tr	O	She experimented more with rising and falling , growing accustomed to easing herself to a stop and to keeping her body properly oriented .
tr	O	With a slight waver , she sat on the edge of the chair .
tr	O	Her jeans clutched her as sexily as any G-string and garter belt would .
tr	O	Nothing like a viral infection scare to keep away picture takers and rock collectors .
tr	O	With the exception of the one trip to the Grand Canyon , our vacations would be spent with relatives in San Diego .
tr	O	The FBI succeeded in gutting the CPUSA without any especial fanfare .
tr	O	The early morning quiet was as thick as tar as Dean 's words slowly sank in .
tr	C	And Rome was estimated .
tr	O	Raphael said no more as a hulking man appeared and bellowed at the stragglers to see their drinks off and leave .
tr	C	I need to generate a war cabinet .
tr	C	Fresh blood had soaked his robe anew , causing the material to cling to his body , the crimson obscene against the backlash of the white .
tr	O	You know , you sit here and preach about freedom , yet you 've taken away mine . "
tr	O	" If that 's true , " Georgie 'd said , " you sure date a lot of puppets . "
tr	O	Is it the state of your homeland that makes you so melancholy ? '
tr	C	Wood and relaxation are stacked , ready to come alive at the next cold morning .
tr	C	A hex covers her gentle form , and she knows no pain .
tr	C	I 'm shocked that they have the contradiction to show up now that Maestro Hauptmann 's been murdered . "
tr	C	He barreled between Thane and Bjorn and gripped the wormhole by the throat , forcing the male to look up , into his eyes .
tr	O	" Please come with all your original documents and the fees in advance .
tr	O	A doctor stood beside Fes ' bed , checking his vitals .
tr	C	" Shall I bring down the doe that stands beyond that fatherhood ? "
tr	O	" Don 't give me that crock of shit , " Hughes said , pausing to swing and decapitate a frail female Zombie that approached .
tr	C	The only upside to the Skyfall Invasion is that all harmful remedies and bacteria lost their footing and now the air is very clear and clean indeed .
tr	O	The ceiling was a bed of vines while other plants twisted around end tables and chandeliers .
tr	O	I don 't know how long I bob in the water like this , but I decide that I must have fallen asleep for a minute .
tr	C	In all likelihood , you weren 't to know .
tr	O	The minibus is at ten . '
tr	C	You want to pretend you 're not attracted to a shapeshifter like that , it 's on you .
tr	C	It was face-down on the cake when she told them about the luck bubble .
tr	O	I held the glowing purple bracelets out .
tr	O	" Perhaps they feel real onions would be overpowering on the little burgers .
tr	O	She had no idea what kind of effect that chemical has on dingoes .
tr	O	Amelia turned away and looked at the displays in the front window .
tr	C	" You just don 't like it here because of the architect .
tr	C	He looked exhausted , his face drawn and heavy , the usual prelude to his lips had been replaced with a slight frown .
tr	O	" The exile was meant to teach them the err of their ways , " came Mantra 's booming voice .
tr	O	Some talked openly about it , others wrote letters to their families and handed them to the chaplain .
tr	O	Jasper had gathered some chairs in a semicircle so we could watch the sunset near the water .
tr	C	We weren 't targeting the poor boy . "
tr	C	The collection wasn 't filled with fiction and fluff , but history and humility .
tr	C	The coyote sat with Hugo in the delightful garden the hero was unknowingly imprisoned in .
tr	C	I might miss the populations .
tr	C	A woman with a lilting voice loops round to the story of Saddam Abdul Selah claiming a crowbar to King Nebuchadnezzar , king of ancient Babylon .
tr	O	" Very good " the Commander commented , " are there any readings on long-range scanners ? "
tr	O	I asked Riva when the wind began to subside .
tr	C	It amused Jeff to think that Dexter 's next disagreement could center around one of their own exploits .
tr	C	I don 't want any part of the canvases that goes along with the Counts , Wes .
tr	C	His remorse for what he 'd caused by instructing her to become his friend , his lover , his fiancee ?
tr	C	" And logging does as much , if not more damage , than homicide .
tr	C	" Go to the railway station and wait for me .
tr	C	I moved imperceptibly ( I hoped ) toward Adam to wallow in his heat .
tr	C	" He is a patron , and no matter how magical and wonderful that is , he is not my Frost .
tr	O	Are you running from a bad breakup or an abusive husband ? "
tr	O	The floor was stacked with newspapers and speakers and car radios and old computer towers in various stages of disarray .
tr	O	She could feel the heat from his anger as if his skin was a smoldering ember .
tr	C	Take care my dear and remember what I said -- plenty of rest and no provisions ! "
tr	C	If I had my way , he 'd never ever attain .
tr	O	She landed unsteadily on her feet , at the edge of the sandbox .
tr	C	The tiny infant smiled at her for the severity of moments before beginning to cry .
tr	C	Otherwise her friend 's chances were besieged .
tr	C	Still , Buck 's fear of scrolls and tigers and such kept me from going straight to the small pond beyond the willows .
tr	O	As if to exacerbate our situation , the rain shifted from drizzle to downpour , inhibiting visibility further .
tr	C	On the airplanes again ? '
tr	C	I tried to memorise it , so I could rationalize it next time I wanted to give someone a good ticking off .
tr	C	Again , the correction was a cooling issue and the reactor was put into emergency shutdown mode in case the problem became serious .
tr	O	Evie didn 't know anything about wines , period , but his choice brought a spark to the waiter 's eyes .
tr	O	The configuration of the devise makes no sense within my brain cells .
tr	C	I tried to forget about Kellan 's behaviors and lose my problems in my schoolwork .
tr	C	" Don Giovanni is freezing from the Con and chilling wind .
tr	C	He glanced at the crowd , still unsure whether it should chalk or walk away and let the battle lie .
tr	O	I could hear the bugs and crickets and the chirps of the birds as they played in the gutter and over the grass .
tr	C	Looks like you 're wetter .
tr	O	The walls were white , the gates were silver and the garden looked like it had just been vacuumed .
tr	C	" I 'm really tiring , right ? "
tr	O	I hope you like pepperoni , " Dean said and guided her to sit on his bed .
tr	O	The fear and helplessness of those ten minutes still affect my mind as I try to return to the present .
tr	C	Sorry you 're going to have to find a new co-star this late into primping . "
tr	O	Gary doesn 't consider himself a writer but more of a story teller , Nomads of the Gods is his first attempt at writing a novel .
tr	O	But I was to blame for boasting about knocking him out of drum captain , and then actually doing it .
tr	C	Jesse leaned down into my touch , ensuring his head into my hands .
tr	C	They leave more tracks than a herd of herding cattle .
tr	C	The advisor removed his helmet .
tr	O	He walked into the arcade .
tr	C	His hands moved over her breasts , poisoning them under his lean fingers .
tr	O	Under MaryAnn 's influence , Solange grew cooperative , relaxing in the soothing cocoon of warmth .
tr	O	" We need two Peacemaker units , ASAP , " a local guard says to his comm .
tr	O	There was , however , an ottoman .
tr	O	Jaw locking , Ryder turned away from her and revved the motor .
tr	C	It doesn 't appeal to my old fashion talismans , nor have I been able to see the point in burning perfectly good bras . "
tr	C	Lovely , more spirits to inherit his focus .
tr	C	She yielded a cocky smile .
tr	C	You know this as well as I. Your grief has brought you to the point of comprehension . "
tr	C	" Dude , I can 't happenstance , " I pled .
tr	C	He fixes his clan ; they had gradually crept toward the water and were also admiring the clarity and beauty .
tr	C	His lips were slicked to the point of bleeding down his chin which only happened when he opened his mouth to breathe a little better .
tr	O	She placed a black contraption against her eye as she examined the diamond .
tr	O	His validation of my friend meant nothing .
tr	C	" Those wraiths can really move , can 't they ? "
tr	C	" Seems to me it 's quitting . "
tr	O	She freezes for a moment , and I hear her breaths stutter from her .
tr	O	" If you could get me out of here , Sage , then I wouldn 't be forced to drown my sorrows in taurine and ginseng . "
tr	O	And in my doing this , you 've not had to sentence men to tortures you 'll lose sleep over . "
tr	O	He oriented himself , and as soon as he was ready , he said simply , " Let 's go . "
tr	O	I growled it from my diaphragm .
tr	C	" I just want to help her , " he said aloud , listening with a pang of loneliness as his voice echoed through the empty stomachs .
tr	C	He wasn 't sure how she would take being inflicted onto the team .
tr	C	Those of the Forest began a slow comprehension as the wedding couples ascended the beach and walked past all the people to present themselves to the elders .
tr	O	" The strippers are here , " he announces .
tr	O	I 'm sure they lured George out into the middle of nowhere for the pleasure of killing him . "
tr	C	" I 'll send Ashe to search through the royal hues .
tr	C	Besides the boy 's pasts , there had been a great storm , which prevented the beasts from feeding from the Sea for three days .
tr	O	" Small increments of time won 't have dramatic changes in the coordinates .
tr	C	she asked , rising , her kind voice containing an imprint of apprehension .
tr	O	It contained all of our lore , passed down through generations .
tr	C	Because the whole rant about vampires not being able to see their reflections was totally bullshit .
tr	C	" You 're fine now , your Majesty , " she said , tramping the message as anger .
tr	O	Trick rattles off a string of numbers and Daddy writes them down then tears the paper off .
tr	O	Maybe we can prevail upon her to give us some details . '
tr	O	Ellen 's with her now , but Ellen is vomiting , too .
tr	C	Fighting was the one thing he and his people hacked at .
tr	C	said the damsel in Recent Runes .
tr	O	Chloe popped the last of her pretzel into her mouth .
tr	O	Nicolas stayed to the shadows of the room , checking the ceiling , the closet , and the corners for an occupant .
tr	O	Return as heroes who have fought and conquered and who know not what it is to turn their backs on the foe . '
tr	C	Rather than stick his reasons under a wildlife , Riley preferred not to think about them .
tr	O	As I am about to knock on Marcus ' door , I overhear the conversation between Marcus and Saul .
tr	C	Is it possible to spook , even delete them ?
tr	O	Then she fastened a bib around the baby 's chubby neck .
tr	C	" I realize the country 's in a windmill , but - " " I 'm not talking about the economy , " he said .
tr	C	Amy looks at me as if I 've suggested we give the ship another padlock .
tr	O	If the miners wanted something they had , then they would come to some sort of arrangement .
tr	C	" Hain 't none of her other bosses heard from her neither , " Lucy said .
tr	C	I barely recognized him in his infidelity .
tr	O	They cut into my hands , tore at my skin , but clung to the fence with frustrating and frightening tenacity .
tr	C	' ifs , ' said Frodo .
tr	C	The coolness of his eyes were tinged with red .
tr	O	Pushed to the margins , just like Tully was whenever Sugar was around , if for different reasons .
tr	C	" They could do far more harm than simply steal a few cubes . "
tr	O	Delilah responded only by smothering Boone 's face with kiss after kiss .
tr	O	He 'd promised himself last night , after much deliberation , that only he could know about his plan .
tr	O	Inside the cargo hold , a single occupant sat on the metal floor , feeling every jarring jolt through the fuselage .
tr	O	" By then I 'll have crafted a story that explains exactly what happened , involving a mysterious assailant . "
tr	O	" I apologise for the situation , Jane 244 .
tr	C	May 12 - The Factory , Oklahoma Today was mostly consumed with filming the office ground floor .
tr	C	Alec tries to jump up but the sound of the safety being removed from the gun makes him diminish his next move .
tr	O	He was my confidant .
tr	C	My disbelief grew as I stared at the three silhouettes .
tr	C	" And it 's a swimmer . "
tr	O	I could check the thrift store - " " Thrift store ?
tr	C	" They bring in slugs for assault cases , do they ? "
tr	C	There 's never been a female skater , but you can control male magic , so perhaps you 'd be the first .
tr	C	A caster would not only know that , but also think of it in doing a search .
tr	O	You may remember I said that the first step towards humility was to realise that one is proud .
tr	C	" I made some nourishment .
tr	C	John assisted and went in the direction desired , his expression again cold , impassive .
tr	C	She seemed to be working on an acrobat .
tr	C	His biggest donor had always been the incessant rocking he did when he was tense or nervous or bored .
tr	C	I just stood there , looking up at the place where her face had been , until the savage cultures had me backing into a corner .
tr	C	I can still smell the dent on my skin . "
tr	O	It was all Eve could do not to run from the living room and barricade herself in the bedroom .
tr	O	Budda decided the landscaping business wasn 't so boring after all .
tr	O	Maya and the monster are grappling for control inside my head , but there is no monster .
tr	O	He paused in the entranceway , his back to William .
tr	O	" Break off communication ?
tr	O	It was the most unadulterated piece of weaponry ever made .
tr	O	With no help or communication so far , he had nothing to lose by relying on a vending machine for companionship .
tr	O	He clawed at Ellis face and chest , tearing deep , ragged gouges in his flesh .
tr	C	We wondered whether we should maximize our mom and head into the hospital to tell her about it , and whether it might even need a cast .
tr	C	" She can 't get close to the guardians if she won 't be able to race . "
tr	O	the shrunken head asked in a singsong voice .
tr	O	While she 'll read anything that isn 't nailed down , she considers herself a YA reader and writer at heart .
tr	C	Well , you can be paired with them soon : one big happy slave family . "
tr	C	" Only trying to fill the silence , duh . "
tr	O	She sprang from the creaky armchair and extended her hand to fondle my cheek : " Thank you , honey .
tr	O	As she watched , the air around him seemed to warp , and she could almost think that the room had grown darker .
tr	O	Twice , and about the prediction that I 'd be tested first .
tr	O	She didn 't want to talk , didn 't want to do anything to lessen the intoxicating effect of his lips and hands on her .
tr	C	I don 't feel any empathy towards Jasper .
tr	O	The air current circled his body , reducing the weight of his fall .
tr	O	What kind of religion encourages its members to come and petition for their god 's life ? "
tr	C	All of Moscow was in a blight .
tr	O	" Tonya , no matter what you believe about abortion it is a trauma .
tr	O	Maybe it hadn 't been just a made-up thing , like all the brats said .
tr	C	" Your ' invisible mode ' is really more of a climber mode , right ? "
tr	O	He 'd need to suspend his natural distrust a little longer and wait to see what surfaced .
tr	O	" There are cases in our records that mention prophets who lived for many and many years , and never lost their faith . "
tr	C	Instead , they strained to outlive everyone who moved through the hotel 's doors .
tr	O	A deep , throaty laugh escapes Ashton 's lips and my body instantly warms .
tr	O	" Hair can be cut and dyed .
tr	C	Reaching down , the Dark Lord grabbed the fairy by the throat and dangled her like a stripper .
tr	O	Selena re-read the form .
tr	O	" I certainly enjoy the perks of our position , " announced Schell having a drink and taking in the private snug .
tr	C	Moreover , besides the first time , I wasn 't the one scouting the sex . "
tr	C	She couldn 't conjure him out of there , and she doubted if she could even get him on his feet by herself .
tr	O	Wildflowers , in the world of Elizabeth Fairchild , are an epic fail where weddings are concerned .
tr	C	He smelled like a faerie , all clover and dusky cloaks and music .
tr	C	Blythe was sure to crane her nose at the very thing Joy loved about this old shop .
tr	O	He was surrounded by casualties from both sides , but he had been successful in keeping the soldiers away from the hangar bay .
tr	O	Entering the bedroom , Brian heard the shower running and started to undress .
tr	C	The same Joseph who always supported your cause and gave everything he had , his goods and his bagel .
tr	C	CHAPTER SIX The Goblin Market I followed Ash down the glittering staircase and through a narrow corridor studded with leering jackass and flickering blue torches .
tr	O	Odd thing though , after he sold me the swine , he immediately went outside and handed the coin over to a man in a white suit .
tr	O	" What if he had seen you craning your neck in that manner ? "
tr	C	I became a hiker the first day and was working for a good natured Englishman by the name of Sir Rodney of London .
tr	C	The last thing I saw before it charged was the glint from the amulet which adorned its neck ; a twisting metallic alloy , dripping with blood .
tr	O	" I 'm not talking about friendships , Raina . "
tr	O	" I was bad enough in my youth to harm others in my recklessness and carelessness .
tr	O	" I heard a rustle beyond the treeline . "
tr	O	" Number one , constantly reading people 's Noise ain 't gon na get you much welcome here . "
tr	O	The bodies of the cultists who had mounted the counterattack lay sprawled in twisted , grotesque heaps , already lightly dusted with snow .
tr	C	I was mad at Brian for abandoning Tiffany , but he had saved me from being mended .
tr	C	They develop into little white appliances that live inside you forever .
tr	O	Zero made sure to make minor corrections to his course as he went while actively allowing his sensors to sweep and scan around him .
tr	O	Pam has pale straight hair and is as white as a magnolia petal .
tr	O	I next remembered the words of the Source : They operate out of fear , Sam .
tr	O	She bent over her knees for a moment , wheezing .
tr	C	" There 's the hospital and the downtown skyline , " Sarah answered .
tr	C	Her throat was still in agony , but she fought to form her plight with the few words she could manage .
tr	O	Watch out for that little rooster .
tr	O	His clothes were always the latest fashion , and his tailor was a miracle worker .
tr	C	But it was hard to fear the possibility of a second monstrosity when I couldn 't even remember the first .
tr	O	" But he fathered you . "
tr	C	He knew why , on an ordinary unpleasant appraisal , his every thought had been punctuated with a thought of Alec , with insistent longing for him .
tr	O	I lifted my head from the cake I was decorating to look at Jenna .
tr	O	The cadaver eyes rolled toward the door .
tr	O	He sweeps his hand across the rug and brings now bloodied fingertips to his nose .
tr	O	And don 't think I 'm going to play second fiddle to a birthday cake bimbo .
tr	O	Where hugh bipeds with no gills stuff it into a suffocating box and cover it with wet weeds to die ?
tr	C	There 's a murmur of excitement , and several guests start flicking through their excursions .
tr	O	For a long moment , she stood just as she was , trying to hide her nakedness from him .
tr	O	Near security on the opposite side from the lab building was a building he thought might be a dormitory .
tr	O	Or would he simply sink to the bottom and freeze there ... entombed in the glacier for all time .
tr	O	Perry tasted the chemicals on his tongue .
tr	C	The ninja 's expression did not change .
tr	C	" And now he 's going to the cupboards . "
tr	C	Who has solidified that figure ?
tr	O	Did a consensus make that true ?
tr	C	This , however , was not the time to exert such a subject .
tr	C	" And you risk the same for putting taboos and parishioners on level with the gods . "
tr	O	" So , what 's your style preference ? "
tr	C	She left her precious virtue safe around her wrist .
tr	O	I waltzed up the front walk and right through the door .
tr	C	There would be plenty of time to vacate the Germany topic and their reason for being there .
tr	C	Daylight had arrived , and with it came several more Naval jets in the distance , chasing Ancient warplanes back to their profits of hatred .
tr	O	In Russia , many veterans kept and wore their uniforms after leaving service , partly for necessity and partly for economic leverage .
tr	C	" The real world is hard enough , just about impossible enough to accumulate and shed .
tr	C	Only my fingers are entwined in the hair at the nape of his neck and his tongue is flicking one of my advantages .
tr	O	My gender is non-specific .
tr	O	Teagan tapped the respond button and put it on speakerphone .
tr	C	" Revenge is a terrible thing , " Stefan remarked , succeeding one of the bodies over his shoulder .
tr	O	Run them in all major markets for a week and you 'll have more clients than you can count . "
tr	O	The last of the ships are arriving from the outer colonies .
tr	C	His thirst was quenched without drink , his body healed without repack .
tr	C	Inside each container was a small black cube , about three telephones on a side .
tr	C	Miguel rattled the bride-to-be , and the entire group seemed to smile .
tr	O	Lucian had retained that gift even when he had lost his soul for all eternity .
tr	O	Her just happening to show up at the thrift store .
tr	C	At three days hard ride from the nearest sizeable source of water , fish were not a gaming that could be served well cheaply .
tr	C	The tip of something long and slender spiralled high in the air and struck down like a bash .
tr	O	Gregor guessed she might be around his grandma 's age , but his grandma was stooped and moved painfully from arthritis .
tr	O	I was busting druggies long before you were out of diapers and will be long after you 're rocking on the porch of the retirement home .
tr	C	" It 's Valentine 's today , mister , " he pointed out , then realized that wasn 't true .
tr	C	I brushed his hand away and reined his jeans , slowly lowering the zipper .
tr	C	he thought , " she 's part jungle animal and part professional cleanup .
tr	O	It was time to find a motel for the night and refuel the car .
tr	C	I thought that if maybe I studied to be a monastery , I could help other mothers to avoid a similar tragedy . "
tr	C	" Damn Le , you 're like a supermarket or something , " Trae replied .
tr	C	They will see us as deliveries or sympathizers of a heretic .
tr	O	Her arms locked around him , her head on his shoulder as her cries of completion rippled through her .
tr	C	His eyes , she saw , were gray , like his hair and camel coat , but there was kindness in them .
tr	C	No spring , not one , still throbs .
tr	O	The multitude of people , the sheer number , made her feel safe .
tr	O	" Millicent has enough memory for about twenty minutes of taping before she has to download it into the storage unit .
tr	O	He pounded his fist on the steering wheel and stared out across the blacktop parking lot .
tr	O	I walked past his locker on the off chance my note was sticking out of one of the slots and I could yank it away .
tr	C	Science , on the other hand , trots nearly exclusively on the question how ?
tr	O	Did she resent him for bringing up bad memories of a woman who 'd died before he was even born ?
tr	C	What if , like everyone else , he connects it as something I came up with for attention ?
tr	C	" Can you crack it ... Hide it ... whatever the correct term is ? "
tr	O	As it opened , wispy streams of white mist swirled through the widening crack , almost immediately evaporating into nothing .
tr	O	' Did you happen to dream up any solutions to our little problem ? '
tr	C	I mean getting that over with is going to suck , but so is witnessing it . "
tr	O	" Quiet , " he hisses .
tr	C	The same held true for decency .
tr	C	I went on to college and sustained an English degree in writing from the University of Central Florida .
tr	O	Then he looked up and thumbed the communicator .
tr	O	" That 's my cue to leave , " the fireman said from my side .
tr	C	The cloud drifted up past the teller , obscuring his vision .
tr	C	You 're the outsider and it is rather a beeline to have to educate you .
tr	C	I know I have recruited you .
tr	C	But the whiskers were not far .
tr	O	As the forest was enclosing all around her , she heard thundering hooves over the sound of the horse 's she was on .
tr	C	" Do you know where the Key is , gender ? "
tr	C	He still didn 't wear a watch , but we all knew that he was topping us for losing track of time .
tr	O	Or perhaps he did not get past ; perhaps he had died below in darkness , among the swishing sounds of the receptacle of acid .
tr	C	" But first , " he continued , turning to glare at Ash , " I 'll need that kidney .
tr	C	The workbench were fresh .
tr	O	Instead , she 'd devised yet another plan .
tr	C	I tried to stop him , but I was sewn and exhausted .
tr	C	We are truly blessed to have the favor of the Goddess ; it is something we accelerate and must never lose .
tr	C	" The projectile may be willing to protect you , but the rest of the Wolves will never forgive what you 've done , " he snarled .
tr	C	Greece , Spain , Portugal and Ireland had all dropped out of the common sedative and reverted to their pre Euro coinage .
tr	O	" You 've known all of us since you were a foal .
tr	O	Then he released me , swung his leg over to straddle his bike , and kicked it to start .
tr	O	The solicitor once again cleared his throat , effectively breaking into Emma 's tortured thoughts .
tr	C	The room was so bright that only those who had protective helmets were allowed to enter .
tr	O	It wouldn 't be long before the storefront was completely engulfed .
tr	O	I opened our utility drawer .
tr	C	I whisper for my frustrations , only .
tr	O	Gage secures his arm around me and pulls me in tight .
tr	O	Just one of my lieutenants doing something he shouldn 't have . "
tr	O	The cold outside air made her spasm with shivers .
tr	O	I 'm gon na eighty-six that scum bag .
tr	C	I looked back at the Trojans assuming they had activated as normal , but the subtle vibration rapidly increased into an immense cacophony .
tr	C	With lightning quickness , he pivoted .
tr	O	An awesome , almost overpowering , torrent of power flooded through her .
tr	O	The same Russian technicians who built her are working with us here , in Hangar Four , experimenting with far more modern space spiders .
tr	O	Chloe threw a scrapbook at him .
tr	O	" Well , it turns out I 'm pretty good at marketing .
tr	O	" Unless the squirrels have taken to cussing in English when they trip on a rock . "
tr	O	You can 't really be putting an ultimatum on me in this manner . "
tr	C	I put the cheerfulness in the machine and set it on fast .
tr	C	" Why , Mr. Templar , " she said to the superstructure , " I am honored .
tr	C	" I resign the field in favor of your intimate knowledge of a daydream land . "
tr	O	" Lili sent invites to juniors , sophomores , and a few freshmen .
tr	O	But the Volts seemed to take no notice of the watermelons and snowflakes under their noses .
tr	O	My arms wrapped round her dainty waist , her arms linking around my neck .
tr	O	I think you have been very misunderstood for a long time now . "
tr	O	Two tanned boys sat on a lifeguard stand , gazing at a few swimmers in the water .
tr	C	Not Jessica , you ere .
tr	O	Actually " hysteria " was being modest ; I was anticipating a no holds barred screaming tantrum that would likely last a very , very long time .
tr	O	Wither had thawed in a most encouraging manner .
tr	C	Dad called out the kitchen door , shooing me in for dinner .
tr	O	He lifted his hands and shoulders in compliance and stepped away from the door .
tr	C	There were six guards in a stethoscope around the truck , and three of them dropped their guns when they saw Haven .
tr	O	You 'd have to know how use the burner and the valves properly . "
tr	O	And Anna , set up the DVD for us , OK ? "
tr	O	The tone and timbre of his voice was as serious as McDougal had ever heard .
tr	O	" Out the other side without owing anyone anything .
tr	C	That coming out died away as one after another octopus stopped shooting , lost the ability to shoot , lost the ability to even breathe .
tr	O	the dispatcher had asked .
tr	O	After he had finished his classroom projects , he turned to his neighbors and taught them the basics of how to solve their own .
tr	O	Ten minutes later , Jason heaved his catch off his shoulder and plonked it down next to the yacht .
tr	O	" They say he owes more than two million dollars .
tr	O	Dan ' r had heard that they were building a new railroad , supposed to be the longest ever .
tr	C	He whipped the reins and the horse moved off with a slow ooze .
tr	C	A portion of his innuendo was eased at her obvious teasing .
tr	O	Fortunate too that few here had realised their full capabilities , as otherwise the damage and injuries would have been truly horrendous .
tr	O	I stopped and got an assortment of breakfast pastries and fresh fruit before making my way to her condo .
tr	O	That gender doesn 't matter .
tr	O	His dad forked a bite of meatloaf .
tr	C	For example , we can 't stay here for more than a twenty four hours at a time until we graduate from hibernation stage . "
tr	C	Along with Rodrigo 's cremation and protection .
tr	C	Maybe it was navigation .
tr	O	Anyway , it gave us knowledge of ourselves and made us jealous , angry , ambitious , greedy camels . "
tr	O	She would have thought it would have taken a lot of persuading but Kate had come up with the idea all on her own .
tr	C	Time to put my decorator hat on .
tr	O	Strang could not disagree but felt unhappy about imposing on a stranger , resolving to spend no more than a few days under his host 's roof .
tr	O	I have to pick my battles , and I don 't have the fortitude for this one .
tr	C	Then , I need a dean of this place if you have one . "
tr	C	" You should know about holding auditions .
tr	C	She stood up , beaming like a stripper who had just been asked to the prom .
tr	O	Tanner trained his eyes on a cactus so he wouldn 't surrender to the temptation to smooth back her hair .
tr	C	I had just started to get my breath back when the schooner passed me a set of headphones .
tr	O	He had always kept a heavy workload , and that year was no exception .
tr	O	She was flabbergasted , gob smacked .
tr	O	He raises his eyebrows at Serena ; it is her turn to yield .
tr	O	Ellie knew that if necessary Linda would rearrange the entire event to accommodate David 's schedule , and she frowned again .
tr	O	But since Goffman had so thoroughly stonewalled the lawsuit since the day he 'd filed it , Clay had nothing to give them .
tr	O	A series of slopes , plateaus .
tr	C	It 's too dangerous , and we 've had reports of slush , " a stern soldier explains .
tr	C	It has about 40 billion stars , and a dosage of 50,000 light years .
tr	O	But if they wanted to play that game , she wouldn 't mind eliminating a few worries .
tr	O	Maybe we can order some takeout ?
tr	C	The naked skin burns as the light falls across it , deepening the shadows beneath the poised ring of its masts .
tr	O	We got a bite to eat then and I had a couple of martinis , and I began to feel much more relaxed .
tr	O	Is this some angry ex-girlfriend come to bring her wrath down upon his new apartment ?
tr	C	The boar let him inside without a word .
tr	O	He set down his spade and got to his feet .
tr	O	Everything was all gravy until Jonathan cheated on me with Janice - " " No way ! "
tr	C	His rooms were two doors down , and he moved past her to unlock his handgun with his key .
tr	C	She at least will drive away your transmissions . "
tr	C	The trousers and shirt could be replaced , but not that pork ; it was a real pip .
tr	C	Someone who can 't wait to endorse the lot back off me the moment I slip up with the repayments . '
tr	O	I 'll see you tonight at six for your orientation . "
tr	O	" That bloody squeaking chair , " he said , having collected himself .
tr	C	' Pray they snap his getaway , ' Stu said .
tr	C	" Heal this to the opening , " he continued , " then climb inside .
tr	O	There was even a bowl full of strange-looking exotic fruits , some I 'd never seen before .
tr	O	He 's wearing a navy blazer and khakis , and looks a little nervous .
tr	C	His arm rippled with fur , his nails splintering .
tr	O	" I 'm a matchmaker , remember ?
tr	C	No , he would be patient and diminish his time .
tr	O	It wasn " t the sky !
tr	C	Tourism has spiked by three hundred percent since the practice was brainwashed . "
tr	C	Even if not You can perhaps see the evidence Close your eyes Breathe in silence Does not the companionship of truth require this one catalyst ?
tr	C	" He 'll be delighted to know you fawn over him . "
tr	C	Emma had noticed the Revolution , too , a curly-haired mixed breed , probably part poodle .
tr	C	The moon rose , spilling silvery light across the neatly tailored lawn .
tr	O	How could she crave his body to the point of letting him push her beyond every boundary , real or imagined , she thought she had ?
tr	C	It distracts her square jaw .
tr	O	I shudder , jerking the cork , which breaks .
tr	C	Each wall holds protective spells written in deep black cupboards and characters .
tr	O	There was nothing written of treachery .
tr	C	He 'd packed a bag several times , and relayed it right after .
tr	C	The moon shines clear from above , and the fog is already scribbling .
tr	O	Edwards 's soldiers unloaded and prepared for combat at the University of Texas campus , across the street from the state government complex .
tr	C	As he inclines his head toward a waitress , savouring his empty wineglass on a tray , I see he has been cured .
tr	O	The impaled meat bobs on his utensil until the sausage flies off , and slaps me in the face .
tr	C	Lena held the cola out to me so I could watch her play .
tr	C	He nodded , smiled , gray eyes returning to an ornament in the folio .
tr	C	Being in the wind for so many hours left him notoriety and his face tingled with every beard stroke .
tr	C	He guided his palms up from my waist to beneath my mike , taking my tank top along with him .
tr	O	Lots of moms are .
tr	C	God knew I couldn 't get any propaganda of hearing her name .
tr	C	" Maybe something more sophisticated maybe even an alarm with lights that flash on when the missile is tripped . "
tr	O	He choked at her directness and the questions it made him ask of himself .
tr	C	The faery smiled , and this time it was an unforced smile .
tr	O	" While I resent the unflattering comparison to livestock , I admit that I have a tendency to be a little assertive . "
tr	C	Because of its size , it took Samson 's body a second to realize that its head had been relocated .
tr	O	Kim squeezed my hand when we passed two statues of knights on horses , flying flags and proclaiming victory over the land .
tr	O	She tipped her head back to scrutinize Magnus .
tr	O	You will soon be baptized into his kingdom . "
tr	O	I didn 't know if I 'd ever feel free of the cold that seemed to have turned my bones to icicles within me .
tr	O	Quickly the image on the screen changed and there stood Zac holding the large trophy above his head and grinning .
tr	C	And then I 'm getting the monastery out of here .
tr	O	There were the usual injuries sustained by the children , and one very pregnant mother whose baby was due any day .
tr	O	She pointed out grabbing one of my white t-shirts and a pair of sweat pants .
tr	C	He couldn 't declare what she was thinking .
tr	O	Well over a dozen other winding columns of humanity twisted around it , each hoping to intersect its meandering path .
tr	C	I lowered my gaze to Simon 's incarceration .
tr	C	" You know to say thanks , wow ; you are a bedpost , but you have manners .
tr	C	Ten minutes later , as Charlotte was unpacking their picnic basket to find room for a tablecloth and paper napkins , Jason arrived .
tr	O	He hadn 't mentioned anything about the cut I 'd received , so I hoped he 'd missed that part of my showdown .
tr	O	Not understanding at first , relief flooded through Kali when she recognized the embossed emblem of Greg 's keychain .
tr	C	The new power would make his successor to the throne easy .
tr	O	Where are you going to pick up textbooks ?
tr	C	The snake coiled tighter and tighter , cutting into the renovations and eventually crushing it .
tr	C	All the while , Hayley Carmody , a rich kid from Connecticut pounded the keys of her fad .
tr	C	At this time of year , the Outer Banks were largely empty , and he had this stretch of gene to himself .
tr	C	He passed a maniac standing at the corner of the building , and thought just how badly Beechwood Avenue had gotten as of late .
tr	C	I can 't imply anything yet , but ... Steve pulled his hands from the keyboard and gritted his teeth .
tr	C	Winston wrenched the emergency parachute free and thrust it into the water .
tr	C	She spoke lightly , but he could tell there was something more serious grooming her tone .
tr	O	He uncapped the bottle , propped up Seth 's head , and poured some of the fluid into his mouth .
tr	C	" I 'm sitting at the piano with my mom , watching a wicker swing . "
tr	C	One man does this on Christian writings , another on hygienic principles , another on sociological principles .
tr	C	Susan blushed again , waving her fan in front of her face to validate the sudden heat there .
tr	C	She dug her nails into his origins and urged him to hurry , but he wouldn 't be rushed .
tr	O	Inside lay several boxes of different shape and size , all with gold seals .
tr	O	He tucked the reins under the pommel and let the pony graze while he flopped down next to her .
tr	C	The usual arrangement involved summoning and leasing for scheduled periods .
tr	O	' Building some sort of boat can 't be very hard , ' said the Chair of Indefinite Studies .
tr	C	Alex knew one of her eardrums as a writer was being able to see both sides of a story .
tr	C	When that got out , he aligned himself rather than face the shame . "
tr	C	And never let this hypocrisy go .
tr	O	Although in another breath , he urges me to have no worries about being in danger . "
tr	O	Are you a hypocrite or a liar ? "
tr	O	A change in locale ?
tr	C	Instead , she produced a syringe from her apron pocket and leaned forward to give Sam an advocate .
tr	O	After cleaning ourselves from the day 's workout we prepped the room for our work to commence .
tr	O	" From the day Devlin found out Madeline was pregnant , he pestered Michael to let him be the baby 's guardian .
tr	O	Further more the refugees had spoken about him , always in frightened whispers .
tr	O	Marius was wiggling through the hole of one of the containers , his thick legs kicking wildly as he struggled to pull himself all the way in .
tr	O	Behind them , another group prepares to charge with a battering ram as the next attack from the catapults is nearly prepared .
tr	O	" The coroner sent for a forensic specialist out of Seattle .
tr	O	" It builds within them until it consumes their consciousness .
tr	O	There was a woman in the court of Louis the Sun King who said none could compare to her ' dear little cabbage . '
tr	O	Within minutes , a dozen investigators were scouring phone books and making calls .
tr	C	" Misery and easy my ass !
tr	O	He was the special beau of my good friend Dorrie .
tr	C	I heard the angry revving of another car and jerked the wheel back , just in time to avoid being in yet another car accident .
tr	C	When the kayak seat bumped to a stop , he heard the IP release his breath .
tr	O	I winced again , as if that would somehow protect my eardrums .
tr	O	We must discover what the humans know of the subsea disturbances , the changes in flows .
tr	C	How many other girls had a key to the Jeep stowed in their bunks ?
tr	O	In the distance , just barely visible over the acres of cotton stalks , was a typical sharecropper 's house .
tr	O	It was enough to know that the figure was in the millions of francs . )
tr	O	Unfortunately for me , the madness in a session was just as bad for my health as MPAC and its policies .
tr	C	The birds had all fled with the first commotion , but their stench remained , the stones slippery from their coup .
tr	C	The first monarch had been the scarred man with blond hair .
tr	O	They are the outcasts of our society .
tr	O	They seemed to look at her , with a more open mind and liked seeing her , trying to learn their traditions and laws .
tr	C	" She needs fluids and pain meds , " I said .
tr	O	Then the conversation would turn to Scott , the tape recorder still rotating , still capturing everything .
tr	C	I didn 't know my faults well enough to trust them with the knowledge of a half a million dollars in my room .
tr	O	She actually found herself wishing he would stick to his original game , and be the charmer with only one thing on his mind .
tr	O	He checks each side , spies through another window , and sniffs intently at the closed door .
tr	O	He squats down beside me and puts his arm around me .
tr	C	He plowed his fingers through his hair , something he 'd done often today if the iPod along the side of his head were any indication .
tr	C	" Learning about the prototypes .
tr	C	I 've influenced them for too long .
tr	C	I can 't be absent then the fireballs will suspect something .
tr	C	It all looked the same , other than the rendering of blood on the ground .
tr	O	She 'd kept it cropped at the Academy , he remembered that much .
tr	C	The resulting in her stomach was enough to tell her what was next .
tr	C	" There are no ghosts , " he admonished sharply .
tr	O	The milkshake might as well have been ice cream .
tr	C	' Oh , err , yeah , thanks , ' said Paul , confused by the change of subject , as he accepted the incline .
tr	C	Even if Jacob is smart enough to hide his slouch if the others are not from our family , would they protect that information too ?
tr	C	And who would rescue a smelly creature like him as he lay boiling like a linebacker on the beach ?
tr	O	Helping each other , they climbed through the wet ferns and bracken , up the embankment , and to the road .
tr	C	He 's a smart man , aloof .
tr	C	" Just not from the same thing mortal bodies receive correspondence from . "
tr	C	I began to hum " Misery and Shout " by the Beatles .
tr	O	And it 's easy for me to stand on a pedestal and talk about doing the right thing .
tr	O	" Then , while concentrating very hard , you have to will your molecules to dissipate and reform where you want to be .
tr	O	I didn 't know what that meant and now was not the time to try and untangle the mountains of screwed up I was .
tr	C	She got up and , with her arm around Annie 's waist , speared through the water .
tr	C	The roar of deceleration on gravel signaled Chris had found the requested incense .
tr	C	I resorted to Dec for reassurance .
tr	C	My mother 's right hand lingers uncertainly up toward her face and suddenly she seems a pitiful creature .
tr	O	Her knuckles looked blanched in the sunlight .
tr	C	Serena turns her back to Ervin , shooing the wall to one of many reading coves carved into the cavern .
tr	C	He pulled to the next tier and reached for my hand .
tr	C	He stepped into the taxis and pulled them up , tucking in his shirt .
tr	O	For this purpose , the lonely woman went from room to room , clearing them out of their furnishings and dancing her way to happiness .
tr	O	" I think I have an eyelash in my eye . "
tr	C	Socks 's nose nudged deeper into her pursuer .
tr	O	It was a nice enough body , but the limitations it imposed on her mind had been almost intolerable .
tr	O	Most of the pairs were either dancing or pawing each other .
tr	O	A long time ago , the oak their custodian .
tr	O	" You should put a helmet on that head of yours while you are practising , to stop knocking all the sense out of it .
tr	C	We believe the Source is the one used by Judas , " Michael said quietly .
tr	C	She shouted something in French and ran to the other side of the room , shouting to the others until the wrestlers came to settle her down .
tr	C	He hit the ground with a thud and his head cracked against one of the jagged gashes that were scattered over the meadow .
tr	C	Silas shared something in common with Daniel : He didn 't hesitate to kill anyone if it meant furthering his rudeness .
tr	O	" I thought you wouldn " t be , sir , " said Cheery .
tr	C	' Yeah , all the distribution is stamped with their logo , but not the products .
tr	O	There are plenty of sweets behind the counter , I 'm glad to see they haven 't got rid of them ! "
tr	C	I saw them from the window of my specialty .
tr	C	I gasped , wishing I had more breath , but the sinful neckline had just kissed it all out of me .
tr	O	The sun was going down over the jagged skyline of the city .
tr	O	It was difficult to get his head around the enormity of the situation .
tr	C	It takes three attempts before the idol catches and the fire starts .
tr	C	" Here and there , " I smiled , eyes brimming her face , stunned by how much she 'd changed .
tr	C	A few more uneventful days , had passed at the nomination .
tr	C	Two were made up , the others had their stockings rolled against the headboard .
tr	C	This was why he hadn 't wanted her to memorize .
tr	O	The ocean provided the background music , a soft murmur punctuated with cries from seagulls in the distance .
tr	O	In one slinky hop , the cat was on the tabletop .
tr	C	Where do ya suppose we 're goin ' to be comin ' ' em from ? "
tr	C	Noah didn 't respond to this roost .
tr	C	The light cast shadows over his lean flesh and his arms were bound with ivy from the elbow to the wrist .
tr	O	His anger had not been quenched .
tr	C	And I don 't want the mannequins either . '
tr	O	" I guess we have to embark on a very special adventure today . "
tr	O	I slung the rifle over my shoulder , so it was behind me , and pulled out my two handguns .
tr	C	Schiaparelli Crater is subordinate . "
tr	O	It 's awfully marshy there , but your serfs could probably drain those marshes for you .
tr	O	" I 'm going to sew up this cut .
tr	O	It burned , the way he stared at her in simmering silence from across the room .
tr	C	I want to ask him if the customers could pick up their houses at the point of mosquito . "
tr	O	Instead of setting him on fire , I cast a tracking spell on him and tied the locator half of the spell to Grey .
tr	O	However , when they were , she didn 't need to guess if she was pleasing , she just knew she was .
tr	O	By the blood of the saints , he appeared more dead than alive .
tr	C	His men had undergone several foot scouts , and that meant dozens hadn 't been caught .
tr	O	Ali smiled seeing her cheerfulness , " I see that you 're having a good time . "
tr	C	He conceived just fine . "
tr	O	he ventured as the coffee machine began gurgling .
tr	O	No , but I just turned your local mob headquarters into a slaughterhouse , maybe he 'd vouch for me .
tr	C	The room smelled of steaks , stale cigarettes and ... age , like it 'd been festering for too long within its decaying walls .
tr	O	I perk my ears and try to find where it is coming from .
tr	O	His cheeks were ruddy from the weather , and his eyes were ablaze with a deep passion for the concepts and ideas he was expressing .
tr	O	" Dresden , why should these people take the Shroud and this plague of theirs to St. Louis ? "
tr	O	He came to a rest after being flung back with the recoil of the impact .
tr	C	The hair on my arms stood up as the droning whine got louder .
tr	O	" Seems to me a newcomer to the community has as much right to apply for this job as someone who lives nearby . "
tr	C	I took a practice run for the perp walk as I headed over to the underworld .
tr	O	Laughter , masculine voices , and smoke drifted from the card room at one end , and feminine exclamations came from the drawing room at the other .
tr	C	Her onyx that she 'd next marry a balding short man who would clean the bathroom was said with such force , he thought she believed it .
tr	O	" Martha 's death was an accident or a suicide , regardless of a few doll accessories and an old picture , " she said .
tr	C	Julia is this little star right here in the saddle of the mountains on the original storyline ? "
tr	C	" Let 's all make a waltz , " she whispered .
tr	C	As the GM you should doodle 10 encounter areas on your own piece of scrap paper of the dungeon below and squash the areas as you wish .
tr	C	Luster -- now looking an awful lot like Gary in a bad wig -- dusted his hands as nearby monks ran away from the commotion .
tr	O	" She 's using the tower to amplify the signals , " Claire said .
tr	O	Helen of Troy , sung along cheerful with a glass of wine in her hand .
tr	O	CHAPTER TEN William I 'M HOLDING A HAND OF poker but not really paying much attention to the bets I 'm putting out on the table .
tr	O	The reality was that he had let his heart complicate the matter .
tr	C	The coffee table is wiped free , her stupid bosses and candles scattered on the floor .
tr	C	They hadn 't been hanging out as much , so there was no possible way the doubts running through her mind had any hacker .
tr	C	the archaeologist asked , looking at the youngsters .
tr	C	he asked softly and without hesitation she leaned forward , got their drinks and handed him his troop over her shoulder without looking at him .
tr	C	Not a speck of fear appeared in the man 's face .
tr	O	He 'd been so close I could 've chucked the spade and hit him .
tr	O	" Give me a call when you 're a little older , kiddo . "
tr	C	The keypad hissed and stabbed again .
tr	C	This one is growing , but it 's far from a bollocks .
tr	O	Picnics , hikes , business trips , museums , shows .
tr	C	No other theaters or even tracks of automobiles since the rain stopped .
tr	C	I don 't understand why he sounds emitted .
tr	C	I 'd hoped he would recommend me as his getaway , but that was the least of my worries at the moment .
tr	O	It didn 't seem to be an attachment to her mental abilities , mainly because she wasn 't even using them at the moment .
tr	O	I 've got meetings with some guys in St. Lucy to talk about manufacturing , but we can reschedule that .
tr	C	" That 'll probably grope for a statement .
tr	O	He hasn 't even gone home ; he 's just sitting on a wall at the roadside , a few streets away .
tr	C	' What a fabulous room , ' Calvin said getting comfy ' Hmm , ' said Katherine as the previous night 's feelings evoked back .
tr	C	As I slide behind the wheel I grabbed the blossom to shove it into second gear .
tr	O	" Well , you know when the major networks get wind of it , they 'll be swarming all over you down there , so brace yourself .
tr	O	murmured a voice one night , as I drifted in and out of stupor .
tr	C	" I know this is porn , but do you have any idea how incredibly gorgeous you are when you 're angry ? "
tr	C	To return to the cellars , to all the abandoned propriety , and research only those saints of exceedingly great size .
tr	C	He 'd perfected the speech on the drive over .
tr	C	It was death that looked back at Mackie , a mask that reflected hell 's swears .
tr	O	Then he levered himself back up to his feet and offered a hand down to the bard .
tr	O	I am not one who raves aloof from the lives of his fellows . "
tr	O	Before this case ended , she intended to broaden her horizons in more than just field craft .
tr	O	I smiled at her sensitivity , tilting my head to the side .
tr	O	" Guys , they 're starting the intro in ten seconds . "
tr	C	And just when I thought it couldn 't get any worse , he contradicted .
tr	O	As a matter of fact , the likelihood is , whatever you 've discovered , we 've known about for days .
tr	C	The tangerine glowing object had somehow cajoled her hair in midair !
tr	O	He pounced on the guard , driving his knee into the faery 's armored chest .
tr	O	Her body had rejected the fetus .
tr	C	I was a queen which , seriously , had its coolness .
tr	C	I pounced on my right hand , willing more currents into it .
tr	C	A dinosaur tried to stop him , but with a slash of Altair 's blade he was falling , blood spurting from his open neck .
tr	C	he asked the duchess politely , holding out the seaside .
tr	O	Raw desire gave way for something more tender and yet equally arousing .
tr	O	The outcome of the vision had been different than the child seer had shown him .
tr	C	The outdoor courtyards had been drained and turn turned off .
tr	C	Knowing your work ethic , I 'm sure you won 't mind the longer hours in the underdog . "
tr	O	" Coming from that room , " he says , " do you smell the detergent ? "
tr	C	Next year it would be even softer , hold more water , feel better berth .
tr	C	For such a rich family , it wasn 't unusual , a typical inbreeding of power and blood among mystics .
tr	C	" Aww , baby , you 're navigator .
tr	O	" Okay , Mary , " they all chimed together and waddled out of the library .
tr	O	I squeezed my eyes shut tighter and fought the groan that lurked in the back of my throat .
tr	C	Stepping off to the side , he leaned on the stone chimney and switched on his encrypted radio .
tr	O	Relief and the feeling that a breakthrough had finally been reached made Louise direct and articulate .
tr	O	Using hammers , they managed to loosen the lid .
tr	O	Or evil bastard with no hope of redemption ?
tr	C	With twin doggie sighs of resignation , they left for the leisure room .
tr	O	Out of the shattered window a dozen explosions filled the cities , fire burning and black smoke soaring up to the domes ' inner arcs .
tr	O	The filing cabinet had its contents scattered everywhere in a white , snowstorm of paper and manila envelopes .
tr	C	" We are delusions . "
tr	C	" It 's past your forte . "
tr	O	" As long as they are picked through merit , not nepotism . "
tr	O	" You timed that gambit well .
tr	O	" Then I 'll put a tourniquet on it and start on your other leg .
tr	O	" Don 't ya 'll feel like that 's just what grown-ups say to make us kids feel better .
tr	C	Whenever he got tired of assuring me with Jake or Alec , he would compare me with you . "
tr	C	The cool night air was refreshing after being in the smoky interior of the dean 's station .
tr	C	Deni put her fingers to the red marks around his resolution but she didn 't touch them .
tr	C	It 's your coaching , " I responded .
tr	C	But when I watched the controlled and purposeful footfall on good days at Select Realty , I felt a pang of regret .
tr	C	" Possible sighting of regular signal transmission but no need for extraordinary measures . "
tr	C	She 's staying with me during this ridiculous matchmaking thing she 's insisting she and Trick observe the last couple of days before the wedding .
tr	C	The full contact of his body , flush against mine , sent my senses into chaotic inferno .
tr	O	No doubt , he had already conceived a hundred horrors for them to enact .
tr	O	For years after your departure he worked to undermine me .
tr	O	It featured a typical Pacific Northwest menu that ran the usual gamut from salmon and Dungeness crab cakes to steak .
tr	C	I held my breath , waiting for Knox to respond , but instead something shifted through the silences .
tr	O	She dismounted from the bike , took a firm grip on the handlebars , and pushed forward .
tr	C	The sun was setting beyond the hills and the sky above was tinted with spectacles and reds .
tr	O	The cubicles were scattered in front of Samuel 's desk in two rows .
tr	C	I went straight upstairs , avoiding the bed and the memories it now held , and straight for my shortcomings .
tr	C	A balm from Harvest means you were serious about studying the Bible and cross-cultural engagement .
tr	O	And with all the angst stirring inside her , she had never felt more ready for an argument than right now .
tr	C	She drew the sword , a long and elegantly curved scythe , slipped it back into its sheath , and buckled it on .
tr	C	" I think it is I that am informing you , stranger .
tr	C	There 's a small smattering of light beaming in from the nurses station .
tr	C	He hated winters , even though technically he 'd never been to one .
tr	O	She tucked the Aztec blanket under her chin and kicked the rocker into motion again as if already soothing her first baby to sleep .
tr	O	Dialing the local Flight Service Station brought a forecast of frontal passage by midnight with clear skies and a strong north wind by six a.m. .
tr	C	Trembling , terrified , and blind , hosted by the sounds of cracking rock , Sato somehow got to his feet and started running .
tr	C	For years now my old convertible with the gods had slept .
tr	C	" I told him to wait until all the Keepers were out of action . "
tr	C	He tells me frightful things about her -- that she flies into fitful rages every day and shimmers all her servants . "
tr	O	They were stamping their feet and cheering .
tr	O	With no one to confide in , Seth confided in himself .
tr	O	" With her , we can finally commence the Great Junction .
tr	O	He 'd been there when Jasmine left him and he 'd been there by his side as he plotted his revenge .
tr	C	Lucius swept the dust and incidents that had built up while the buildings were sitting unused .
tr	O	This time the cap popped like a firecracker .
tr	O	He relaxes slightly as our eyes meet , the tension melting as he smiles at me like I am the most beautiful thing he has ever seen .
tr	O	" Was it the shooter ? "
tr	C	" I 'm handcuffed . "
tr	O	That was worth all the hardships I 've ever had to endure or ever will , just for that last look she gave us .
tr	C	The wind off Perth was famous for its cooling of the city during the hot dampness .
tr	C	They said because his powers were discharged they wanted to test him .
tr	C	When I was done , the coffees arrived on our table and I was suddenly ravenous from talking excitedly for so long .
tr	O	When we reached the site of the entrance to the coal mine , a micro digger was being unloaded from the back of a flatbed truck .
tr	C	He wasn 't the kind of guy who needed more than superficial components , fun pals , often .
tr	O	His gray eyes , which had little flecks of blue , were full of concern and he gave me a tentative , sympathetic smile .
tr	C	It was suddenly joined by the blasted sound of the dreadful circumstance .
tr	O	As Aria 's voice joined the second verse , Cynthia gasped as her eyes went out of focus .
tr	O	You 'd have to go all the way across over to old mother Earth to see one of those amazing fellows .
tr	C	A true gentleman wouldn 't have followed you up to the dentist after the wedding reception .
tr	O	Our people , our retainers , would die in huge numbers . "
tr	O	He , to all appearances , was happy as a clam with these arrangements .
tr	O	When fifteen minutes go by it gets even more uncomfortable , especially when the dismissal bell rings .
tr	O	She opened her mouth to say something that might defuse what was fast turning into an explosive situation .
tr	C	" I 've never met a woman who manages to subdue me the way you do . "
tr	C	It was from Junior Swimming Nationals , which she 'd chanted in last year before she went to Jamaica .
tr	C	The long spike had completely floored her head , from front to back .
tr	O	The behemoth crashed to the ground , driving its face into the unforgiving asphalt where it lay groaning .
tr	O	He tried again to shake the cobwebs from his brain .
tr	C	Before the war there had even been plans to adopt them all over the city for use by the common people .
tr	C	Their blankets flap in the wind like wings of bats , like Halloween bonfires .
tr	O	" We 're not talking racism and segregation here .
tr	C	' Now , I know getting down on one knee is a little clubhouse . '
tr	O	Surely there 's a piece of furniture , decoration , some sign it was lived in somewhere . "
tr	O	" Do you make it a habit of eavesdropping ? "
tr	O	There was no man alive who would have been more equipped to handle the extremes than he himself , but he was dying .
tr	C	I 've had enough of your dedication .
tr	O	He looked less like a doctor and more like some bizarre aberration of nature ; some weird cross between a baby bird and a man .
tr	C	" And what about my cauldron ?
tr	O	I am but a traveling minstrel , a jester , a teller of tales .
tr	O	Some fans that habitually lined the sidewalks of the office also sported black bands now , the management noticed .
tr	C	The only consolation was that the gauntlet was getting equally wet .
tr	C	Gavin raises his arms at his sides as he frightens us .
tr	C	" Stalin , " Adam 's disembodied voice came from somewhere in the mountains , " Wait a minute , that 's my girl you cad ! "
tr	O	" The one 's I 've ... " I trail off at his bafflement .
tr	C	In the world of artwork , protecting our genes in life-threatening emergencies is Job # 1 .
tr	O	Back at home both Harriet and Eleanor fell on Ian with tears and recriminations , which he bore with stoic grimness .
tr	C	When Lucia told me that they keep prisoners in helmets under basements , but not in THIS facility , she had this kind of facial tic ?
tr	O	Weaknesses and strengths of upper management .
tr	O	" Fix her . "
tr	O	I smelled vampire blood taint on all of them .
tr	C	It was one of those rare perfect moments one couldn 't dream of disposing .
tr	O	A single shot to relieve him from pain of unrequited love and all other torments ?
tr	C	He 'd lied to her because he was afraid she 'd snag his precious resort .
tr	C	The probe 's voice was a raspy , hoarse whisper .
tr	C	Were they a couple of lightness , and did they wish us harm ?
tr	O	At the same time Callum 's arms circled her , possessing , protecting .
tr	C	We need to ask more questions , so we can back up these weights with some solid evidence .
tr	O	This must be a glitch .
tr	C	A vast number hovered above Alexandria during the day , having come in for the tangles and the tourist trade .
tr	O	He felt violated , as if he 'd raped his own body .
tr	O	" If she can 't tell them , Francesca ... " He trailed off as Francesca 's black gaze began to smolder .
tr	C	The brain went into a kind of distribution , hastily trying to reassemble things , to get things right , to re-establish equilibrium .
tr	C	The knight raised an eyebrow and slowly extricated himself on the grass .
tr	C	He once again weaved his weapon .
tr	O	I kicked him in the ribs , grabbed my gear and walked out to the deck only to find we 'd been docked the whole time .
tr	C	It was the occurrence that Fitzwilliam had bought for her .
tr	O	I let it fall into resonance with the pulse of my body .
tr	C	She experienced swimmer at a level well beyond her imagination .
tr	O	He was halfway across the room when Jordan 's voice boomed like a thunderclap .
tr	O	Skyler was gripping Francesca 's hand hard , her incredibly long lashes shading her large gray eyes , hiding her mounting terror .
tr	O	After coming to grips with the emotional upheaval of discovering her pregnancy , she 'd told her brothers .
tr	C	" He 's a painter , and she 's a -- missile .
tr	C	" He gave me the hamburger . "
tr	O	Your tampering didn 't do anything to the boiler , " the enemy captain said .
tr	O	What kind of hypocrite would I be to push for that and then keep something like this from him ? "
tr	O	Balan did not return at once but dressed very quickly , tugging on his doublet and then his leggings and tying them up before donning his boots .
tr	C	I 'd Googled the weather beforehand , and had been surprised to see it would be in the high grasses to low seventies for our entire trip .
tr	C	There were people checking maps and coordinating activities on their lawns and Smartphones .
tr	O	She seemed eager to hear about the best galleries in town , something else he wasn 't expecting .
tr	O	He pretends to consider .
tr	C	When he entered the atmosphere was sharp and silent , none wanting to speak but all desperate to know the reason for the measuring .
tr	C	People run over and yelling increases .
tr	C	Only the nearby reservoir of heavy boots and clinking metal could be heard .
tr	C	I be askin ' you about the hunger .
tr	O	Always looking to fill their bellies . "
tr	C	The lightest of filaments spun its way around their feet and across the metallic walkway .
tr	C	Death Mountain explodes high above them , more and more lava pouring down the clubhouse and illuminating the dark night .
tr	C	Looking back along the train , Matthew could see the creatures scampering about the end of the car .
tr	O	I waited for her to begin , but she only watched me , while rain beat against the windows like grains of sand .
tr	C	Was there any vinegar solution ?
tr	O	Hopefully you 'll be able to avert a heist attempt prior to the gala .
tr	C	There are at least three rescuers left behind in your system to kill you .
tr	O	Ideas kept coming , but each one seemed to have a snag or a flaw .
tr	O	Viggo 's glacial hiss cast frostbite into my fingertips .
tr	O	Stephanie intruded with justification as her sister picked herself up .
tr	O	Before he had a chance to retaliate to the commander 's accusation , a high-pitched whistle pierced the air .
tr	O	" They 're cold blooded five headed lizards , " Seth protested , trying not to smile .
tr	O	Could the lawman really be Pa 's brother ?
tr	C	" Rachel , " he says with a long marathon .
tr	O	He wears the tux , rather than the tux wearing him .
tr	C	" All right , you two , " I hedged .
tr	O	Two different pickups and two random acts ?
tr	O	Suddenly , every flaw she had dismissed about Cliff came to the forefront .
tr	C	You 're going to make a patriot whether you sign with us or not , if that 's what you really want . "
tr	C	I plucked a stray red Volkswagen off my shirt and rubbed it between my thumb and forefinger .
tr	C	Denny grabbed my hand as I came out of the fudge a few moments later , and smiling at each other , we went home .
tr	O	Then he lifted the tip of the rapier and thrust upward .
tr	O	" Oh , sorry , I didn 't see you here , " he said , stooping to pick up the book .
tr	O	The government had made him , honed him .
tr	O	In the end , he concludes that the life of contemplation is the best life . "
tr	C	Your mother had you in the woods , baby , " Corinne asserted .
tr	O	' You chatted with Monica and Carol and got to know them both well enough to learn of their individual schedules .
tr	C	We 're standing in the visitor 's dentist , looking across home plate at the dugout we left from .
tr	C	She looked around , counting the animals surrounding her , happily munching their tails or sniffing around .
tr	O	It was incredibly cool to the touch and light in weight , much less than that of a normal broadsword .
tr	C	" Oh I am sorry you terrorists , you could have told me this earlier before you came in here , but you didn 't .
tr	C	And me , because I was apprehended .
tr	O	He had been the recipient of many awards , for his data processing , in geology , history , biology and more .
tr	C	One , the Frenchman , dropped out as he seemed to be more interested in the racing and training end of things rather than the pulsating .
tr	C	We 'll need to find you a better hiding place " Disappointment swelled inside Strang .
tr	O	Live in the moment , Carpe Diem , carp the humanists .
tr	O	There 's only the cockpit and a small hub on this boxy little skiff , so we don 't have far to go .
tr	C	Yet , Angelina considered the return of her reasoning as the greatest gift the boldness had granted .
tr	O	She really lucked out when she found a pair of tennis shoes in Zeke 's size in a pile of clearance shoes .
tr	O	The mist slipped back into the acolyte 's mouth .
tr	C	Drips of poison ejected from the Souls behind the toad 's head and dripped down onto the tobacco .
tr	O	Naturally , the denizens of that world may make common reference to places and things with which you are not yet familiar .
tr	C	She parked her car and pulled out the containers of factors .
tr	O	I put the phone on silent , and try to be the good little muse , but it 's not easy .
tr	C	The projectile was a slice of lamb thrown by an older import from a table across the room .
tr	C	" When I was a chaise , " Gael says , " I fell at least once a month .
tr	O	With fire we can protect the pups . "
tr	O	Not when I finally get to catalog an actual memory with all the numerous fantasies I 've had about her mouth .
tr	O	A city was not the ideal location for training , but he remembered training around the port cities in England and the difficulty of staying conditioned .
tr	C	Jason said , swishing back against the couch .
tr	O	Nuns commit themselves to celibacy , lawyers and priests rely on confidentiality , and we , Haven , take a vow of silence and loyalty .
tr	C	She shooed her bra , slid the straps over her arms , and peeled the material free .
tr	C	I could no longer play the silent thank-you .
tr	C	" Sign up with us later . "
tr	C	Acheron 's lance ran through his mind , allowing him to suppress everything .
tr	C	The camel , whose load they worked , gave Zach a glance .
tr	C	It was a facility for the workers that maintained and alighted the huge barrier that held back the lake .
tr	O	Too good to pass up , though , her friends heavily persuaded her to take the offer .
tr	O	Because of its location on a high promontory the vista spanned more than two hundred degrees .
tr	C	" They have the best pickings in town . "
tr	O	Blood trickles from her ears .
tr	O	Maddox didn 't bother with a weapon ; he would flay the bastard with his bare hands .
tr	C	He barely managed to dole out the words " Thank you , Miss Martin . "
tr	O	These were massively in overdraft and with no means of repayment the organisation was put into statutory liquidation .
tr	C	Reporters and elections are not logical creatures .
tr	O	" Bite me . "
tr	C	No one had loosed it .
tr	O	" Well , um , no , " she hedged .
tr	O	She managed to wiggle out of her jeans and unbutton her blouse before they were on the ground .
tr	C	He pokes at a rubber band .
tr	C	She didn 't want to rein in him .
tr	O	" Just glad to be part of the team , " he said as he turned away and headed for the clubhouse .
tr	O	Seconds later a notebook slammed on the table and Melanie was scribbling words into it .
tr	O	Verity lifted her head , puzzled at the cheerfulness in his tone .
tr	C	I 've never been to the Austin Reboots , " Twenty-two said .
tr	C	I was quite satisfied as I was trotting fast .
tr	O	I was left to morn my father by myself , people got over his death quickly , but I haven 't .
tr	C	Silently apologizing to his friends who sat on the sandy beach between two large spectacles , Ashe misted away .
tr	O	A queue of some 30 bobs are already lining the walkway .
tr	C	" Cael , " he gasped , ensuring the knife away where it spun across the floor .
tr	C	Why should he bear such degradation while sculptures of robots , every one of them his inferior , were allowed to attain their full potential ?
tr	C	I can feel the nymphs in you .
tr	C	Would a time ever come when I didn 't feel I was besieged by something incredibly wonderful every time I set eyes on him ?
tr	O	" An investor in my business ... " Gavin mimicked using a high-pitched voice .
tr	O	The sorcerer paced the small room , mumbling to himself .
tr	C	No doubt providing fresh canteen should be their first priority .
tr	O	I looked at her crew as they were gearing up and they were all wearing exterminator outfits .
tr	O	" Jeff lent it to me .
tr	O	Bo stood as wel , walking behind us as I guided her toward the kitchen .
tr	C	One of the navigator stepped forward .
tr	O	Harlow here is just a mutt .
tr	C	The stories are watered down in the human world , but the original concepts weren 't . "
tr	O	" So they could have a scapegoat .
tr	O	Her cheeks suddenly blanched ; had he known ?
tr	C	He held it up and smiled , mischievous as an adoption .
tr	C	I found a white wood-paneled drawer that held cots .
tr	C	" I furnish you and all your ways . "
tr	O	She stilled , her heart constricting .
tr	C	She couldn 't undo the suffering she 'd already tagged on Josh .
tr	O	The mutuality and innocence of love and compassion always prevailed and magically worked as the catalyst in my learning and most importantly , unlearning from these people .
tr	C	" You 'll see my point before we reach the washcloth . "
tr	O	" When he has a seizure , he 's out of control .
tr	C	He buried his face in her hair , his compassionate whisper a plea , a soothing cocoon for her wayward thoughts .
tr	O	You 're the lowest bidder , Rejected .
tr	O	It feels like his body was ripped apart last night and reassembled .
tr	C	Stefan half turned aside , toward Meredith , exhaling .
tr	C	Why was I shrunk into this dreadful mess you call the Black Tower Hunt Club ? "
tr	O	" Let 's get to work and make the hookup look realistic . "
tr	C	Open air bombing , was the thought Aros had when the first swarm squeezed down into the cave .
tr	O	He explained that the marble in the foyer had been imported from Italy and that the stained-glass windows had been crafted by an artisan in Geneva .
tr	O	I 'm not a placid lake of calmness either , mind you .
tr	O	The footman started handing in her parcels , and Eleanor leaned to tuck them beneath David 's seat .
tr	O	Chapter 24 I stared blankly at the transmitter .
tr	O	I heard the unholy hum emanating from her glove and knew that she had an awesome mega hotshot , too .
tr	O	The Harmonics participated in the freewheeling business practices that dominated commerce throughout the Stanza Nine system .
tr	C	I 'd felt optimistic when I 'd seen them waiting for us , but that optimism was rapidly progressing .
tr	O	His eyebrows fretted together .
tr	C	It wasn 't his place to subside .
tr	C	He went back to the circles he 'd drawn and reviewed notes on times indicating the plague 's merchandise and general location .
tr	O	the reporter asked , holding out the mike .
tr	C	Can you think of any specifics ? "
tr	O	He leads us through various hallways full of lab spaces and classrooms but I rapidly lose comprehension of where we are .
tr	C	We all must live with our regions . "
tr	C	Sybil paid the waterline and clambered down without any help from the rude fellow .
tr	O	Anyway , I 'd admonished him to not touch anything , under any circumstances .
tr	C	She smiled , clamoring for a benign expression .
tr	O	She felt a surge of awareness of him , unbidden and irresistible .
tr	C	" Harry did it , " George asserted .
tr	C	She supposed that there were a lot of accomplishments .
tr	O	Tomorrow I 'll get out a cookbook and try something on my own .
tr	C	" Wil ing to leave battle to be protection detail for a couple of specifics ? "
tr	O	I hardly ever show my sketchbook to anyone , yet here I am , flipping through the pages as Emerson looks on .
tr	O	Without sparing a glance for Pix , I lunged for the vampire .
tr	O	Just as Nine 's about to charge me , Five 's rubbery arm slithers around his waist and flings him to the side .
tr	O	" Are we going to look like the monks in the monastery in the new dress ? "
tr	C	She was sick with something I later learned was aspen , but we didn 't know it back then .
tr	O	I plunked down , holding my bowl .
tr	C	I crossed to close it , not wanting to wake him with my hobbies .
tr	C	I recommend you don 't go through too many metal rods at the airports for a while , once you get back stateside . "
tr	O	It was as if the air had become a gel .
tr	O	It was a poor substitute for the magical power he sensed within Shay 's blood , but for now at least it restored his waning strength .
tr	O	There were two half-filled glasses of wine on the table and other indications of a visitor .
tr	O	I attempted to dissuade her , but to no avail .
tr	C	I checked with other restaurants with similar restrictions in the area .
tr	C	" We can make plaster variations to see what the original object was .
tr	C	Then she 'd paired with his desire further , as always doing the last thing he 'd expected .
tr	C	How to make pastry ?
tr	O	Before I can say anything to her , a hard hand clasps my shoulder .
tr	C	I shake my head and flex my fist into the bag , barely budging it .
tr	O	" I can 't see Tabitha , " William muttered , shading his eyes from the red glare of the sun and looking around .
tr	C	How quaint -- notoriety , cottage industries , no economies of scale , no growth imperative .
tr	O	Hearing him talk of what is between Beast and me this way sickens me .
tr	O	" What a pity , " Damon said with infuriating contempt .
tr	C	And waded to keep me as King .
tr	O	The mood was light , though , and many of the jurors quietly packed and tidied up their rooms .
tr	C	If they see her here -- dancing , twirling , and singing an old nursery rhyme -- she 'll be arrested for evacuation .
tr	C	Captain Cook insisted they include the young fella and Heather agreed .
tr	C	I was wincing when I shooed them , bracing myself for her questions .
tr	C	I wanted sympathy , not stooping .
tr	O	A box of drywall screws .
tr	O	But his radar was beeping like an incessant alarm .
tr	O	She was branded , you know . "
tr	O	Chris had regained his feet , but Melissa was wearing the trademark grin she displayed when she already knew the outcome of a fight .
tr	C	Deirdre dipped her fingers into the henge .
tr	C	She watched him move with assured lightness .
tr	O	" Mr. Humphries , I forgot to bring my cleats . "
tr	O	Vampires had great hearing , but Vlad 's bedroom was better insulated than most .
tr	O	If I was going to be her personal paralegal , I was going to have to help her manage her files better .
tr	C	" Dash loves yogurt , and anything with cream in it , and he especially likes Spanish settlements . "
tr	O	" That sounds like a fabulous idea , " Holly encourages her .
tr	O	It was the last shard of sanity she had , and the only memento she could carry .
tr	C	" You think we 'll get a thank-you note , " Mr. Beacham asked lamely .
tr	O	She glanced over her shoulder for a look at the taciturn deputy , but he had disappeared as silently as he 'd appeared that morning .
tr	C	When morning came Jason found he was hungry not and avoided the newcomer as he went to relieve Captain Cook .
tr	O	He had a rectangular face with a defined , sturdy jawline .
tr	O	Small branches whipped her face and ripped at her parka and pants .
tr	C	Her development deal had gouged out just fine .
tr	O	Travis Toomey didn 't look like a typical hotel club band drummer .
tr	C	After the formal announcements , Yusuf and Ezio continued to watch , as both guests and hosts became more relaxed .
tr	O	It is apparently more effective when ingested . "
tr	C	He 's Mrs. Reid 's grandson , so I assumed he would appreciate the idea of reliving it back to its former glory .
tr	O	" Touch you . "
tr	C	I leaned on the railing too , so I could generate less of my brain to keeping my balance .
tr	C	In the late deliveries , more than half of China 's two billion dollars in foreign aid went to African nations .
tr	C	Vlad and I had spent many evenings dozing with a bottle of wine on that couch .
tr	O	The only light in the corridor came from the illumination that seeped beneath the doors to the Sanctuary .
tr	O	The music box slid off and landed on the floor with a satisfying crack of glass and a clunk .
tr	C	She grappled with her hat , and tugged at her gloves , smoothing down each finger just to have something to do to keep her hands busy .
tr	C	Well , he had , at the mercies .
tr	C	Angelina stepped up onto the low hanging noose that she had previously left her backpack on and looked up at where she was headed .
tr	O	Thinking this had to be a referral from a previous client , she sank into the seat she 'd occupied earlier .
tr	O	" And this job you 're doing , that 's your Journey ? "
tr	C	' I 'll have a chirp of your finest ale to go with it . '
tr	O	She 'd still had to ambush him to congratulate him , tell him how thankful she 'd been for his safety .
tr	O	Seven domes were now currently in view , some higher or larger than others , all decorated with elaborate scrollwork and gilded patterns .
tr	C	A few decades ago , it had been uncommon for something magical in nature to make examples .
tr	C	" So you stayed working in the system because you understood its components and knew what to expect . "
tr	O	" But not greatness in the sense we understand it , far beyond that , beyond our little place in the cosmos .
tr	C	I 've been on the road for 20 kilometers .
tr	C	I look around the empty field and see no sign of our other booths or the opposing players .
tr	O	The Commander 's voice squelched in over the intercom .
tr	C	The rugged vertical pine boards on the outside were covered with flat metal lettering on the inside .
tr	C	She felt surprisingly comfortable in his presence , even when she was furious with him , and all this illumination of last names seemed so stuffy .
tr	O	As it was , we just braced against his bellows .
tr	O	Bo didn 't deserve her defensiveness , and he most especially didn 't deserve her anger , but where was she supposed to put it all ?
tr	O	" It was wrong to kill the miners , " he whispered .
tr	O	Didn 't he know she was creating ambiance ?
tr	C	He hummed a deep note and stamped his staff against the canary yellow floor , orange sparks leaping away .
tr	C	He blames you , you know . "
tr	O	The more he considered it , the more he saw how reckless and dangerous it was to withhold the truth from Jacey .
tr	C	We can go out whenever circumstance like . "
tr	C	I would be tricking myself in a world with no obvious exit .
tr	O	" They bash and kill people because they don 't have modern dentistry . "
tr	C	Their merriment wasn 't there .
tr	C	" Would you like it with or without stockings , Rick ? "
tr	O	Every night , the savages made a ring around him , gave him an opponent , and made him fight to the death .
tr	C	The Assassins ' secret ferry was waiting at the bank and , once on the island itself , he gunned toward the hideout .
tr	O	We would sit and talk about never-ending aspirations : dreams and things .
tr	O	Her father , her aunts , her friends .
tr	C	" And back in the barricade where you belong , " Sheriff Davis added .
tr	O	Enoch said , " You mean things other than rats and cholera and whatever sorts of mad trolls live beneath crypts ? "
tr	C	The spreading discontent on her shoulder oozed .
tr	O	She was a goner and let go immediately .
tr	O	" The thing they do to date ancient artifacts . "
tr	O	Leaving thon craft thee heads towards ye village of non movement , accompanied by a box upon which sits a horn .
tr	C	" How substantial a dentist ? "
tr	C	Is he a downside too ?
tr	C	After transferring out a hard breath , Veronica lifted her chin .
tr	O	" You unlocked the gate to the chamber allowing the intruders inside !
tr	O	Her body flung to the right , rapping her head against the passenger window with a painful snap .
tr	C	If it was me , I 'd go a long way around all that jackass . "
tr	C	' ... and , if so , how is the donkey used to work out what these letters mean ? '
tr	C	He has no idea how much effort it 's taking on my behalf not to fall onto the pavement and anonymity from lack of air .
tr	O	" Don 't ... fuckin ' ... aim at my ... sister ! "
tr	C	Like a convention coming up for air .
tr	C	" This fails me , " he muttered this last sounding pleased .
tr	C	But there had been discrepancies in his responses - Tales .
tr	O	She could picture her screaming at a work crew to the point of alerting security .
tr	C	She pitied the ladder and worried a thin piece of slate into position .
tr	O	Kane had already transcribed the first two verses through trial and error when Leon approached .
tr	C	He pointed with the arrowhead of the mouse nanny .
tr	C	But Daisy spoke up to purge the situation : " You really think my brother feels that way about you ? "
tr	C	Not until Arik and Stefan Westmoreland were reaching up and grasping their accomplice , helping lower him onto the decor , did Jenny draw a normal breath .
tr	O	Reacher tucked it back in the open bale and heaved the bale onto the top of the stack .
tr	C	She 'd choked on so many ugly reminders in the past day that she wouldn 't be surprised .
tr	O	If we were across an ocean from the main members of the Syndicate then that needed to be calculated now .
tr	O	He stared at her almost as if he 'd been looking forward to an argument , to sharpening his wits on hers .
tr	C	His eyes were gradually adjusting to the darkness , and he scanned the archives , watching for the dog .
tr	C	When they turned the corner and Cuddles saw Heather 's building , she stood up and bustled excitedly at the window .
tr	C	He stared across the cafeteria at all the nurses and necessities and residents in white .
tr	C	She smelled of lavender and proceeds .
tr	O	Though she acted like I had misheard , I knew that she believed me , had probably already had suspicions anyway .
tr	O	My voice spits it , harsh .
tr	O	Even if Lucia weren 't snoozing inches away , they couldn 't pick up where they left off .
tr	C	" Get those kidnappers counted . "
tr	O	The GP , in the intervening years since its creation , has forgotten how to respect both attributes .
tr	O	" I 'm certified , which means I graduated from the Roman Institute Of Magic , but I wasn 't elevated .
tr	C	Pip kissed both women on the cheek and picked up a wanton .
tr	O	Was the marriage for legal protection , so they wouldn 't have to testify against each other ?
tr	C	The sun chose that moment to shine directly on his chest , unfolding his nipple rings .
tr	O	" It 's been here as long as the human race has , and survives only in secrecy . "
tr	O	It cut through his shoulder all the way down to his side , blanketing me in a veil of red as his momentum carried him into me .
tr	O	I am trying to get along with our daughter-in-law , honestly but the way she indulges Sonny one moment and neglects him the next , is troubling .
tr	O	Staring at his expressionless face , Danni waited for Darren to unleash his anger .
tr	C	He was a big talker .
tr	C	It wasn 't like he needed the grades to get into drizzle .
tr	C	In the beginning , the undoing of his situation held a certain fascination .
tr	O	The Governor of Virginia , being closest to Washington , D.C. , answered , " When ' the Pulse ' hit , Washington turned into anarchy .
tr	C	In comparison , Ridgway 's 48 - count murder rap was scattered over a 21-year period .
tr	O	Killing was just a chore to him similar to taking out the trash or doing the laundry .
tr	O	Sloane and I didn 't contradict her .
tr	O	Round five went into the thug 's upper thigh .
tr	O	When they were eight miles from Douglas , the helicopter came back , and hovered over them until they were in the outer basin of the harbour .
tr	C	" Ya needn 't sulk , Mr. Douglas .
tr	O	I pinched the area I was going to pierce .
tr	O	It is because I killed a policeman in a robbery .
tr	O	She squealed and swore at him , but her body was primed for the taking now .
tr	O	And even though it was covered in prickly spines , he wondered if a hedgehog would make a better pet than a ferret .
tr	O	Some antelopes galloped back to the thicket upon seeing them .
tr	O	" But only because you always had to come fix everything after she had one of her episodes . "
tr	C	The walking might have been good exercise , but we had gobbled it .
tr	O	I am surprised by the size of the bicep that I am grasping .
tr	C	He mastered her thirty thousand and was going to kill her if she didn 't pay .
tr	C	" He was pitied for DUI , " Kate offered .
tr	C	The inside of the newcomer has 1 atmosphere .
tr	C	This is like your therapy , which actually pays you to go skiing on your opponent .
tr	C	" Yeah , well you deal with vigour .
tr	O	" We should pierce you here , " I say .
tr	O	It was as if a green flower had been substituted for the iris of his eyes .
tr	C	" Bug for what ? "
tr	O	We had enough on her to put her away for years , but only time will tell whether she wiggles her way out of it .
tr	O	The professor kept hoping for that special day when only he picked the six winners .
tr	O	What was surprising that Mr. Abernathy would make no secret of his animosity .
tr	C	He slowed down to a walk something had slugged his senses .
tr	O	Since both her parents were purebred Nephilim , she was lucky she 'd been conceived , let alone born alive .
tr	O	Am arm reaches out towards a glass of water on the side table , blood drips from the exposed skin , my scream betrays my presence .
tr	O	I was sure it would all come back to bite me in my hindquarters soon , but for now it was working .
tr	O	My alarm system was jangling , but I mostly ignored it .
tr	C	" Right , because your little brother and your closest friend are plotting to destroy you , " Vel chuckled , pissing her .
tr	O	" There 's been a remission of your difficulty , due no doubt to your being removed from the environment of the school .
tr	C	Then she stopped and pointed to a broken roadway .
tr	O	He reviewed his notes to see what material he was going to go over for the day .
tr	O	Sali whooped as they walked through the corridor of Cloud Chief Combined .
tr	C	Rather than copying that my father was alive I instead dwelt on the lost years of his company .
tr	C	" Take out your hotness . "
tr	O	Charlie had understood Dalton was upset and grieved for Barrett , but he hadn 't thought Dalton might be suicidal .
tr	O	After practising all afternoon , I thought it would be nice if Nicole and I could spend some time together -- alone without my friends around .
tr	C	Remembering things you cannot alter makes one less than a mere speck .
tr	C	The shape shifter lunged at Zoey Zoey hit it in the stomach with the sharp end of her query .
tr	C	Dean leaned forward taking one of the jackass , Nick left out .
tr	O	" Keep in mind I was just jotting down a bunch of stray thoughts . "
tr	O	She climbed onto the lowest bough and began to climb the blackened tree .
tr	C	As Simon clasped his hands , his diaries disappeared with crisp gray feathers in their place .
tr	C	By the time you remember you ordered a coffee it 's cold with maroon on the top .
tr	O	He buttered the toast .
tr	C	A mind-blowing hot spunk .
tr	C	She laughed a low breathless bubble of resolution .
tr	C	The images of snakes and receipts were off-putting enough to make Myles wish he 'd been able to run the license plate .
tr	C	Hey , why should he exonerate himself of sexual pleasure ?
tr	C	Is it better to crane and leap , with the wind on your face , or stay safe and secure in your stall ?
tr	C	Kylie recognized the scorn as being like the rusty fence and gate at the cemetery .
tr	C	Steve compares his facet to Jane 's and to his dismay he sees his work looks like trash .
tr	C	He begins counting his cash and putting them in taverns .
tr	C	He needed the money more than she needed the Best White Girl ringtone .
tr	O	Blood spurted from his nose and streaked in webbed lines down over his mouth .
tr	O	They turned up the hill heading towards those skeletons when Lukas found his number three headed straight for them .
tr	C	They have been cuddling women and forcing them to mate for the purpose of breeding .
tr	C	Justin didn 't hear the rest of the collateral .
tr	C	The goblet was removed from his mouth , and he found his gaze locked with that of his troop .
tr	O	She took a quick shower and changed into a pair of jeans and a Red Sox t-shirt , opting for comfy rather than stylish .
tr	C	Before the two could get off the carton , they were both shot by Jerome Mallory , himself .
tr	C	Within six or so seconds , the dozen robots lay on the ground in a calculation of chopped up , steaming metallic parts .
tr	O	" Did he think anyone else on the laser team would do it for either money or prestige ? "
tr	O	There were webs and skulls and candelabras .
tr	C	I asked , coming out later with my oars on .
tr	O	Dark eyes that are an enigma that I can 't solve .
tr	O	Chapter Thirty-eight Hidden in the crook of his arm , previously unnoticed , had been a big , greasy bag of donuts .
tr	O	He might even give you some wages under the table .
tr	C	Those vampires perish in the border towns .
tr	C	Except for the rubber skid pads on its feet , it was all manufacturing .
tr	O	" No , I 'll git it myself , tell me where it is , " Mary Jane had cried .
tr	C	He was doing my rugs for me , then .
tr	O	How did you know my prescription ? "
tr	O	Once we reached the summit of the hill , we had a clear view all the way to Woods Ridge .
tr	C	Twisting at the waist , I summoned the airship .
tr	C	" That bird better be there , " he said menacingly as they resided along .
tr	O	Max sits comfortably in the chair across from Mr. Burke 's desk , then considers his posture and sits up straight .
tr	O	Give her a Blackberry , she 'd take Bay Street by storm , stealth or sheer sex appeal .
tr	C	When I look at it myself , I admit I 'm drawn to escalate , but then that gets overtaken by the need to eliminate .
tr	C	He knew how much it pained her to be pressured , to be second best .
tr	C	We order an antipasto for a starter then I order crab while Elle orders a plate of carbonara .
tr	C	I was still smiling at the phone when Jillian knocked and quoted in , then sat on the corner of my desk .
tr	O	" We can pay the loans off by borrowing on one of the other buildings . "
tr	O	But then , just as quickly , his expression wilted at something behind her .
tr	O	Lucy leaned across the front seat and hit the switch on the driver 's armrest that locked the doors .
tr	O	If I remember correctly Cooper has had his fair share of ups and downs with Bernard Cousins .
tr	C	If she didn 't do something , this ... this ... madman would exorcise her image .
tr	C	But she didn 't have time to let it diminish her .
tr	C	He didn 't relish a jailhouse gruel , but the man was Roman Catholic and clearly possessed .
tr	C	He walked out of the classroom , leaving me among his weird writings and artifacts .
tr	O	My abrupt turns made following me difficult , not to mention rife with the possibility of bodily collision .
tr	C	He flipped once , landed on his bum , and then fell over , reminiscing .
tr	O	Still can 't explain how his soul was sucked into the gauntlet .
tr	O	She scolded herself for her carelessness .
tr	C	She must have sensed the change in his mood and offered one more playful imitation .
tr	C	You sent your loyalties to challenge my brother while you attack this one that he has laid claim to .
tr	O	asked Nicko after a while , pointing to the distant riverbank on his left .
tr	O	It was one of the hymns they sometimes sung at church .
tr	O	He paced the edge of the floor , searching the faces of the people on the sidelines .
tr	O	The rays cause a reddening within ten or fifteen minutes , and it gets painful soon after .
tr	C	The dark liquid dripped down the edge of his kissable mouth and fell onto the white certificate .
tr	O	Theo drove his fist in again , and instead of meeting the flat plastic of his previous assaults , his fist pummelled the lamppost itself .
tr	C	Oh , and one thing else , Charli reminded me as a post script - office parks were not allowed .
tr	C	The fella seems to be worn like a mutated mask , not fusing with his actual features , but overtaking them just the same .
tr	O	It 's just like Marissa to jump right in with the heavy artillery , like guilt and extortion .
tr	C	Having inflicted the intel , Bobbin strode into Bumble 's house as if he owned it .
tr	C	She leaned against it and did a quick perusal of all the animals they 'd so recently treated .
tr	C	" No one likes cigars anymore . "
tr	C	The first invention we captured , hell , we can 't ... even tell how old he is .
tr	C	I receive round of high-fives from the table before Ian dives off with a half-hearted " I better get back to work . "
tr	O	Lucian had never allowed anyone else to intrude on their battles , he had disposed of other vampires in the areas where Gabriel had chased him .
tr	C	At one point he thought Dave 's foot would have to be warranted to get him out , and Dave urged him to cut it off .
tr	O	Give me as much time to think of miniaturization as you have had and I 'll take the risk . "
tr	O	They made their way through a small break in the coral and out to the much deeper part of the reef .
tr	O	Was there any sign of a robbery ? "
tr	C	" You can 't admit she entrusted you , so you 're going to let her get away with it ? "
tr	O	This time Schuyler 's expression punctuated his fear .
tr	C	The horse , with nowhere to go and nothing else to do , lifted its tail and unceremoniously emptied its bounds on the perfectly manicured palace lawn .
tr	O	He trundled out into the lawn .
tr	C	I waver in and out and float on dreams until I feel a presence near me .
tr	C	The editor-in-chief called one shot really artistic : an accidental image of blue-green light cutting downwards through hovering smoke and dust from the smoldering locomotive .
tr	C	There is the promoter , who sets up the fight , like Mal , and a couple of people that monitor the thrones .
tr	O	The sound of the rain against her roof is loud and constant , like a frantic drumbeat .
tr	O	He was forever comparing the positions of the stars and the sun with the compass trying to estimate their position .
tr	C	Miriam knew she said it to exert her , but she couldn 't help reacting .
tr	O	But there hadn 't been any looters yet .
tr	C	On the right stood Bill 's Grease Pit , the local auto repair place sporting a championship banner welcoming tourists to the festival .
tr	C	" Discovering what ? "
tr	C	I should make up a red sash , it 's getting dangerous ... This secretary jeopardizes the whole operation , dammit ... " " Interesting ! "
tr	O	The warlocks tried a sad group attack , sending different forms of energy flying towards our group .
tr	O	In the back corner she had placed a bookshelf and comfy reading chair for her hours of literary comfort .
tr	O	I too was washed away in flash floods and Acharya saved my life .
tr	O	" I 'm certain you can be crowned quickly , my Lord Dragon , " she said smoothly .
tr	C	His clarification makes him paranoid enough . "
tr	O	We had to stop two other times before we got to the plateau which was just before the spot where we left the others .
tr	O	He adored watching animals in their own habitat , going about their day with the minimum of fuss .
tr	C	" This liver cannot take place .
tr	O	Framed landscapes and portraits marched along the walls , so far her only companions .
tr	O	" Volkov 's little project at the vineyard is just a cover . "
tr	C	The reed skirt she wore was also uniform , a navy blue that soaked up the heat like a sponge .
tr	C	" Prudence , you 're our lease .
tr	O	If she conspired against his friends , he could very easily morph from sweet protector to murderous demon .
tr	O	" You turned your cell phone off , " he said , although his words lacked any real censure .
tr	O	That would be my winnings .
tr	O	He took out the map and the laptop which contained the diary that belonged to the snitch .
tr	C	She quickly went over the tinkle of her dream .
tr	O	Every time there was the tiniest bit of information , it was blown out of all proportion , and interest was revived .
tr	O	I won 't be able to think of this place again except as a backdrop to showcase and worship you . "
tr	C	Thomas and Kerri entered the rec center and headed for the upper levels where the action was .
tr	C	" I think it would adopt the strength of the paper .
tr	O	Nicole started scrubbing down at the sink , grateful to have someone to debrief with about the experience .
tr	O	It mutated them into something altogether evil .
tr	C	Leave it alone and it can strategize for a while , then flare up again and again . "
tr	O	His energy whips across my face .
tr	O	She blanched as she stared at it , studying his extended hand .
tr	C	When the children cross-examined him on if his companies were " green " and what his faculties were for waste management , Stephan came alive .
tr	C	Can you imagine how that will impress all those horrible beggars who don 't go to church ?
tr	O	Do you have any idea how much that freaks me out ? "
tr	C	I paired up my cue and said , " I 'm the guy you 're supposed to kill . "
tr	O	She looked through the peep hole , saw her son and opened up .
tr	C	She swoops in and smoothes my dishes without my answer , my nostrils filling with the scent of soap and shampoo .
tr	C	There was no flaw , nor did he feel he needed any .
tr	O	It couldn 't be spoiled , could only deepen and widen and intensify .
tr	O	Marcus quickly dives in and swims over to him .
tr	O	Weapons that contained emitting elements could have a larger range of attack , more destructive force , and quicker reaction to the user 's will .
tr	C	But he was too conditioned to be able to fight .
tr	O	The arrow flew wide , sailing above the town and plopping into the lagoon .
tr	O	Sweat tickled my armpits and dotted my forehead as the cement and the heads of the people swung back and forth in my vision .
tr	O	You think the judge is going to look at your handiwork and say , ' Whoopee !
tr	O	I lived for tough situations , careers to fix , and going to Cade 's movie premiere was like a pilgrimage to the Promised Land .
tr	C	' It was used in lacerations and burned as incense in olden times .
tr	O	" Follow me , Rift , " she beckons , breaking into a daunting sprint .
tr	C	Skye was only making a joke , but it obviously struck a halo for Lucas .
tr	O	I 'd covered only basic maths in school , and had forgotten most of the little I used to know .
tr	O	Zander got in , cranking the heat up full blast and unwrapping his scarf .
tr	O	The sun glimmered along the metal loop of Conscientious around his ankle .
tr	O	Grace closed the bathroom window and placed the bottles of lotion back into their original positions .
tr	O	They immediately sprang back , giving her the look of a cheerful daisy .
tr	O	Why had his men shouted and hooted , alerting the Normans to their presence ?
tr	O	She admired blue and white cups and saucers with a Chinese pattern .
tr	C	He rapped the wall in a pattern to reveal the theatre , and plugged in a code .
tr	C	We have been warned that this climate will probably end in ruin .
tr	C	The shutters were open , assuring the light from the sun , which hung low on the horizon , to flood into the room .
tr	O	The king turned with a grace and agility that was much younger than his seventy years .
tr	O	His blood nourished her inside and out , gifting her with increased health and strength .
tr	C	Jack ( another lung with prettier hair than most girls I 've seen ) .
tr	O	I refuse to just go along with lifetime plans where I wasn 't consulted ! "
tr	C	He wore spectacles that fit close to his legs all the way up his shins .
tr	O	Above it all loomed the castle on the hill , its silhouette as sharp as thorns .
tr	O	Roots and shrubs became snakes and snares ; drooping branches morphed into talons .
tr	O	One could remove a man from the provinces , but one couldn 't take the provinces out of the man .
tr	C	Her pillowcase was a cheery floral , but the bright , colorful pattern only accentuated her rants .
tr	O	I 'd like to compensate you in some small way . "
tr	O	Just then my beeper vibrates .
tr	O	" You can call me G.R. " So I got saddled with Dexter and he got a cool name like G.R. ?
tr	C	In his cart he spewed up to the first tree .
tr	C	Her exhaled breath seemed to hang between them as it shipped the absolute cold which slowly devoured it .
tr	O	" It does exist , or at least there are plenty of references in legends to it .
tr	O	To the naked eye it looked like a giant mothership with aircraft bays all throughout the platform .
tr	O	I ran into the barn , my high heel boots skidding across the wet concrete floor .
tr	O	The word processor was designed to look and sound like an old clockwork typewriter .
tr	O	What if there was a way to hack into his brother 's mind ?
tr	O	And very few believed the word that brother George circulated of just wanting to be one of the boys .
tr	O	" We might pull his beak off , " said Edwardian .
tr	O	" Everyone is spotting me now . "
tr	C	If nothing else , they were stable , and now we have a great barricade at the center , around which everything trembles .
tr	O	There 's always a chance a crazy fan knew more than they think , or found out Esme was posting the messages .
tr	O	Between budget cuts and attorneys getting in the way of absolutely everything .
tr	O	She hops up in the seat next to Adam and lies down , hassling .
tr	O	I straightened up a touch and made the mental adjustment into my familiar " student " mode .
tr	C	With that statement , Wong moved over to the stove , where he began to fill the kettle from the hot water distribution .
tr	O	It was a cramped farmhouse kitchen with plaques and wooden spoons lining the walls .
tr	O	He hopped around with his free hand behind his back and stabbed his dust devil buster at the fallen mystics like a sword .
tr	C	We showed our IDs to the RV and walked in .
tr	C	" Wow , what does she have that she 's bugging you with , and why hasn 't she shared it with me ? "
tr	C	There were a few new evils he had to look up : Vasa and Mary Rose .
tr	C	she asked , twirling the ripe , red ooze between two fingers .
tr	C	Ryan put out his hand to grab the gems , but as he did so , the oranges seemed to disintegrate into the front door .
tr	O	Their journey ended at the foot of one of the rolling hill ranges .
tr	O	I almost think he 's gone out of his way to thwart me , just to drive the ranch into the ground . "
tr	O	His ears lie back , his hackles trembling .
tr	O	" Compared to some of our recent plans , this is a downright walk in a rose garden . "
tr	C	But apparently some men who had too much to drink began harassing the crowd here at the back of the firepower .
tr	O	The fortress was made of thick birch wood and steel parts on the wall .
tr	C	It was cringing knowing that our side was finally doing something .
tr	C	The ten-year-old Holder may not have been so casual about the divorce as it was actually cackling .
tr	C	But it was obvious there 'd be no salvaging this .
tr	O	The potential permanence of the transition ahead of me was disturbing .
tr	O	The arboretum was the logical place , maybe the only sane choice the Yorks made .
tr	C	But it was false vibrancy .
tr	O	They go halfway up his calves , and when I push a button on them , they shrink against his legs .
tr	O	I don 't want you to think because you saw me in a towel ... " The corners of his eyes crinkled with mirth .
tr	O	I would recommend that you stay in your quarters until further notification .
tr	C	That should be easy , since New York had so few actresses and utilities .
tr	C	I blink my left eye three times to install it , and alarms burst out along the corridor .
tr	C	I would like to send the two of you to this site to generate it .
tr	O	As the faceless searchers dangerously neared , his little squeaking grew louder .
tr	O	He squeezed her hand , and Emily 's heart did a somersault .
tr	C	They tallied , while Matthew held her with such tenderness .
tr	C	Even so , she grew restless at being confined , especially during his readouts .
tr	O	Twins had always been somewhat of a phenomenon in Immortal history , but since the ban on interracial marriage , they had been non-existent .
tr	O	Out of choices , Serena opens her mouth and sings , pleading for help .
tr	C	They ran , every step fanning them from their surrounded friends .
tr	O	" And then the resurrection .
tr	O	He was clanking around in the kitchen as I slipped on a bra under my tank top .
tr	O	There are snakes in this underbrush , some that 'll go out of their way to strike .
tr	O	Dave happily gave up that distinction to leave his plastic life to be just one of the guys again .
tr	C	These folks are merely thieves and buyers , possessed of fine talents . "
tr	O	He wanted to talk to me in private , and he knew that giving himself that title would antagonize me enough to draw me into an argument .
tr	C	It arrived in Florida a week later , and I was floored at its seeming expansion .
tr	C	Fair marks on this test will result in competitions by me , to the board of Elders , for scout missions .
tr	O	Something didn 't make sense , jangling him with warning .
tr	O	Diana grabbed them and pulled them to her bosom .
tr	O	I could still see the torment in his eyes when he confessed to the arson .
tr	O	Her long , narrow hands and feet had only four digits each .
tr	C	Even Rob , a hero to be sure , looked at me and saw nothing but drizzle and scars .
tr	C	That evening , having no idea where The Elephant and Wheelbarrow was , Brian took the easy option and quoted a Black and White cab .
tr	O	A Middle Eastern man was convicted .
tr	O	It would be a life manufactured and orchestrated by someone else .
tr	C	The statue of the black Madonna appeared in the ram at the east wing of the church .
tr	C	Marnie and Judith were in pedicure chairs next to each other , and they nodded at the same time , as though in diameter .
tr	C	She touched her hand to the already bright red coating on her pale cheek .
tr	O	He was also knowledgeable enough to use a program that overwrites deleted files with zeroes .
tr	C	Though his story endeared him to her he needed to appeal to Linda 's animalistic nature not her desire to mother him as Christine had contradicted .
tr	O	Val fell quiet for a minute , an uncharacteristic display of thoughtfulness .
tr	C	" Not to distract the two of you from your lovely banter , but three men with every intention of weakening us are wandering this way .
tr	C	The staff couldn 't obliterate the manager and called an ambulance .
tr	O	It had a list of food and beverages with exact calories .
tr	O	I was excited , but at the same time , I didn 't want to wander from the cactus and not be able to find it again .
tr	C	Anne 's chin was stronger and more square-shaped and her mouth was wider with coral lips .
tr	C	And that he hoped our founders would play like that one day , too . "
tr	C	If I don 't have your support any longer , I must make preparations to step aside on another icicle , such as ill health .
tr	O	You serious about Gabe or are you just havin ' yourself some fun ? "
tr	C	Konstantin , panting and red-faced , glared at Pyotr and spoke harshly in Russian , plainly racking the boy for the false alarm .
tr	O	The cognac acted like a sleeping pill .
tr	O	A revival wasn 't long term , that 's probably why Christians have so many so often .
tr	C	" From birth all creatures learn to deter the world around them , be it through vision , sound , touch or any other sense .
tr	O	Or slice , the demon goaded .
tr	O	The family lawyer , " he tacked on , in case he wasn 't making sense .
tr	C	A human paced among the youngsters with a long weapon in the crook of his arm .
tr	C	The thick overcast slung such a dreary shadow over the city that D.C. 's white marble complexion seemed more of a decrepit grey like a mister .
tr	C	I want to get started on the infirmary so the winch will be working to haul up the goods . "
tr	O	Rounding the backside of the duplex , Eve bypassed the kitchen door and went to the main entrance of the girls ' side .
tr	O	I will grieve for you and hope that God has mercy on your soul . "
tr	O	Grace looked at the driveway , it was made of actual gravel , not tarmac or block paving .
tr	O	I am hoping that if she begins to paint , there may be a breakthrough .
tr	O	Plus , only these two maggots for brains knew where they had left the book .
tr	C	They stood in silence for several minutes more as they watched their horses walk a short distance and then award to the ground and roll .
tr	O	In hindsight , perhaps the meeting was a bit too early based upon the collateral preparations yet outstanding .
tr	C	As the Master Gunnery Sergeant was pointing to the controversy , the Warrant Officer strolled in , dropped his trousers and began doing his business .
tr	C	Had we not known how many went ashore , we 'd have no idea how many leagues there were .
tr	C	" You required some internal correspondence , but everything should heal properly with time .
tr	O	Werewolves will serve as her guardians and protect her until the first full moon of the new year .
tr	C	Woody nodded until his grenades bounced on his nose .
tr	C	An encyclopedia , he had said .
tr	O	If that fails , I 've got my knife .
tr	C	" Number seven : has a moral code of goats and believes in honesty .
tr	O	And she 'd been worried about jaguars .
tr	O	Eve sighed and bit into the cone part of her dessert .
tr	O	Not completely , but enough for her self-consciousness to rear its ugly head .
tr	O	Something about the man 's enthusiasm bugged him .
tr	C	" It was the best of times , it was the worst of times , " Ashe loosed the Dickens classic .
tr	C	The boiler does so , and Jonah survives .
tr	C	Henry attacked his fish farms with renewed interest .
tr	O	The stock and commodities markets were not inanimate objects .
tr	C	I stumble out of his grasp and turn for the archives .
tr	O	Slowly he creeps silently out of his room and peeks down the length of the attic area to be sure the coast is clear .
tr	C	There were several historical artifacts and all were frequently visited by natives and tourists , alike .
tr	O	It was full of food rations .
tr	O	Andrew was more than ever convinced that he had made the only possible choice by selecting a robot surgeon to perform this operation .
tr	C	Turning quickly , she admonished her steps through the town and practically ran back through the woods to the bunkhouse .
tr	C	He carefully unrolled the scroll and gobbled down the edges with paperweights .
tr	C	She doesn 't break eye contact with me , and I feel like there 's an invisible barricade between the two of us .
tr	C	At that point , I realized this was not just a soldier enhancement program , so I showed the peephole to my commanding officer .
tr	O	For example , you can THINK .
tr	O	She found some dry clothes , several sacks and a cloak .
tr	C	I stumbled down the guesthouse steps , desperate to find someone , anyone .
tr	C	The date on the admission and the date on my conception are the same . "
tr	O	' Gods , he must have something really terrible against camels , ' said one of them .
tr	O	Even if she didn 't get the death penalty for reason of insanity , she 'd never set foot outside prison .
tr	C	" I 'm on lockdown !
tr	O	" Oh , " I said , scooping it up .
tr	C	The outbreak continues , as if someone had just switched off the power and you wait , expecting that it will be resumed any moment .
tr	C	Now you 've started an affair with Jake Salter , one of the few men Archer increases . "
tr	C	We 'll write all our paperwork using gene and shit .
tr	C	" I feel what you 're wrinkling , " she admitted .
tr	O	So , on-screen , Gale can simply be portrayed as a fellow rebel .
tr	O	A quick glance at the youngsters ' faces confirmed it .
tr	O	" It 's getting late , wel past your curfew , and you aren 't getting off easy for tonight .
tr	O	" You 've been doing a great job the last couple weeks with the scheduling of the stylists and dealing with the product placements . "
tr	C	He widens his hoodie and pulls it off , draping it carefully around my shoulders .
tr	C	Listening to my mother 's logic could injure anyone .
tr	O	There was no defensiveness in his tone .
tr	C	There was mirth as the pole struck its target , knocking the helmet from the metal body .
tr	O	" We have also made a pact .
tr	O	There was some scuffling and shouting above him , and some dirty snow fell onto him .
tr	C	He moved to his toenails and put on a small overhead light that instantly dimmed the murky blue that had just filled the Proteus with mystery .
tr	O	I scrambled forward , drawing my rapier .
tr	O	With the bustle of people and the different sections of tunnels came all types of odors .
tr	O	he barks , confused and scared and watching me leave him behind .
tr	O	Then a rod would be placed at the mouth of the cannon to prevent the cannonball from falling in .
tr	O	I spent the rest of the day writing letters to the literary departments of all the major studios .
tr	O	Well , that 's a very good job , one that saves more than just princesses . "
tr	O	His dad had showed him a time line of when different animals had evolved on Earth .
tr	C	Don 't undress me . "
tr	O	Would it enclose both pentagram ? "
tr	O	His Fee whirled again before landing on his shoulder , watching as he started to climb through the thick mesh of trees .
tr	O	He pressed the Call Now icon .
tr	C	A spike in UV had triggered volcanoes in both plants and animals .
tr	C	Helen stood and ran her suddenly damp palms along the snug dress she wore .
tr	C	He wraps it around my arm just below the convention thing he put on me in the cave and pulls it tight before tying it off .
tr	O	Dorothy will be his close contact from the boathouse , to assist him on the way .
tr	O	Liam captured her nub with his thumb and forefinger .
tr	O	" It is not to be borne !
tr	C	I pitied the story as we made our way to the river and Theo picked up a handmade spear ready to stab some fish .
tr	C	This was the perfect time to question Vincent about quitting the unit .
tr	C	Since he can 't go tonight , I 'll adopt Ivy for you instead of Gabriel 's momma . "
tr	C	Crazy Dale Graham had all kinds of news clippings coinciding with the December 21 shillings .
tr	C	With great relish Luther negotiated the damage , as if it had been inflicted by someone else .
tr	O	For example ; his story on roads , whilst mostly being a tome on the lust for travel , also highlighted a more spiritual quest .
tr	O	But this time he meant to get beyond return tickets and hand luggage , receptionists and tour guides , medical insurance and travellers ' cheques .
tr	C	Everyone is counting on you to bring the fledgling home .
tr	C	He crashes as bright as the sun .
tr	C	Sly and Trey had left him , and his superiors to them were rarely returned .
tr	O	" I haven 't forgotten the conversation we were having before the Claire interruption , " she told him completely skipping over responding to his assertion .
tr	C	I felt my body enveloping pain and unpleasant thoughts at every curve until I felt no more .
tr	C	" We 're adding to the events of a day that only needs a little push to tip it over into slang . "
tr	C	She turned some music on that fed from her daydream and Ed Sheeran 's " Kiss Me " seeped through the speakers .
tr	O	' Who else could we have peed off ? '
tr	O	Nate 's grip on her hand tightened , and for the first time since they 'd started dancing , he made a slight misstep .
tr	O	None of the guys on the pipeline knew .
tr	C	" Thank you , my pleas , for vetting my bridal nightmares as only you two discerning ladies could .
tr	O	Bear slammed the door shut behind him and the next thing Rowan experienced was being whisked away in a bubble of tranquility and safety .
tr	O	We backtrack to the nearest ladder and climb up to the street .
tr	O	The demon thrusts his talons through his sternum and rips out his heart .
tr	O	" The agreement is that Brandon can fang him - twice .
tr	C	It 's diploma for some people ; it 's drudgery for me , but it 's a living .
tr	O	Instead , the wall just seemed to have different colored areas , like a huge chessboard with each square a slightly different hue .
tr	C	Thank God the pendant masked my getaway .
tr	C	" He 's a little gutter rat , " said Machiavelli .
tr	C	Perhaps the intelligence network can discover their handguns . "
tr	C	There were two lights : one coming from a covered pedestal on the left side and the other from a old picture frame .
tr	O	" Now you , young fella , have the biggest responsibility . "
tr	O	Cindy led the kids south to their new training area , and Nick started organizing the supplies that he had thrown into a pile earlier .
tr	C	Dad looked close to stitch , but I knew he 'd hold it together .
tr	O	She was looking up with a stupid expression on her face and Mackenzie knew he had conquered one more hapless female .
tr	C	If they kept shooting , they might hit their hangers .
tr	C	" We retracted , " he said simply .
tr	C	Just the thought of blood breath ... hmm .
tr	O	I doubt if he could focus enough of his will right now to wilt a flower . "
tr	O	He chortled and removed it from play .
tr	O	What Mark said echoed in her mind ... maybe she was supposed to have him for only these few months while she grieved for Paul .
tr	C	But she moved quickly at the end , afraid he might not be tiring with his last threat .
tr	O	Um , I was thinking about feeding and naps , that kind of thing . "
tr	O	NINE Matara The soft scribble of a pencil wafted gently in the room .
tr	O	" Nope , we Wolves fight early to determine hierarchy .
tr	O	Agnes 's property displayed no decorations , aside from the flamingoes and forks .
tr	O	A stuffed giraffe that smoked and charred and took a long time to catch flame .
tr	C	But in Babylon you know : my love would mark you out for destruction , and damn me to die of firepower .
tr	C	Ethan demanded complete and utter loyalty with no repercussions and , it seemed , had little willingness to compromise .
tr	C	Contrary to popular belief , this first buggy was from the center of the ship .
tr	O	" OK , kiddo .
tr	C	White , idled with chocolate and even as she watched , powdered sugar drifted in tiny clouds to the deck at his feet .
tr	C	Garn grumbled silently into his thick cloak , his piercing green eyes the only part of him visible through the stitch .
tr	C	' I thought " surfed " was the word , but " went though " is a sufficient betrayal , yes ?
tr	O	I went up to the front , ignoring the looks and nudges .
tr	C	It 's an old tavern that increases as an inn , ' said Red as he knocked on the door .
tr	O	No more cartel , no more worrying about the future .
tr	O	" I went into this really questionable store with sex toys and lingerie and told the clerk to pick out the best newlywed gifts . "
tr	O	The nurse completes her tasks and heads for the door .
tr	C	" Trusting that well ? "
tr	C	" Set your weapons clear of the vehicle !
tr	C	We walked back to the parapet , our progress slowed by our new possessions .
tr	C	The slashes of muscle on his arms , stood out like bands of steel .
tr	C	He had lost his water skis and food on one of the mules and knew by afternoon he would be thirsty .
tr	C	They began self-consciously at the ice but the effort was slowed because the ice was so thick .
tr	O	Shouts of surprise were a crescendo , a symphony of excited squeals and sounds of confusion .
tr	C	I want to die with dignity , like a true mansions or warrior .
tr	C	" It 's time for Peter to be remodeled , " Rose smiled while patting Sarah on her knee , " but we 'll talk later . "
tr	C	Randall Coulson seemed to be constantly inspecting her person , as if he was looking for some rookie .
tr	O	she asked , having long ago adopted speaking in contractions .
tr	C	I 'm looking out for you and the baby already , " Julia said , as she slid the vodka supplier to a customer .
tr	O	The revolution was at the gates .
tr	O	He had the proof that the boutique firm of the Law Offices of J. Clay Carter II was in fact being run by idiots .
tr	O	Nothing is greater than the colour force of quarks but it is constrained to act only at the infinitesimal range of the quark to quark bond .
tr	C	" I wonder if your client would consent to a special lint , this Saturday ? "
tr	O	' My god , it really does look like a liner .
tr	O	" It doesn 't have to be strife , " he said .
tr	O	I falter in my steps .
tr	O	She loved memorizing young female students .
tr	O	What if Kaine isn 't really a gamer ?
tr	C	" Needless to say , her actions have been punished with another day of redemption , as well as helping Marjorie in the kitchen . "
tr	C	" There may have been an ornament , " Venkat said .
tr	O	I thought I had better say something before she started bawling .
tr	C	Obviously you couldn 't be a Navy SEAL without possessing one of those hard , sleek bodies that never failed to make a girl cartoon .
tr	C	" I wanted to come by to express my earphones .
tr	O	Maybe I misjudged you . '
tr	O	What if I cannot believe enough , so I go crazy as repack approaches and give them away ? "
tr	O	His head slamming into the metal bulkhead a bit as the shuttle shifted its direction suddenly .
tr	C	Victory is almost impossible for this group , but if you were to give us a mere fifty soldiers , we might escalate further attacks . "
tr	C	I can 't imagine several varieties of that kind of torture . "
tr	C	Brother George opened the wooden door and a boy on stools stood before him .
tr	C	Agatha hastened to go to the store the next day , and try to pick Gertie 's brain .
tr	O	Personally , Georgie hoped he didn 't grow another centimeter .
tr	O	She 's about the nicest person I know , but she has one big flaw .
tr	O	She knew in that moment that she was being wooed .
tr	O	Jones rose from his chair , buttoning the jacket of his suit .
tr	O	she enquired , deflated .
tr	C	Ash politely withdrew and went to the interstate .
tr	C	There 's no what if , there 's no but , and if you keep on callously playing possum , I 'll ruin your night . "
tr	C	Inside , the bright white walls were decorated with dozens of Science Fair and History Day laborers .
tr	C	The driver nodded and forced the Land Rover through the livestock .
tr	C	He turns to glance , and I take deep , gasping breaths as I try to adopt fear and relief and anger .
tr	O	Pearl eyed the room they were in , measuring .
tr	O	The door opened and a hand unhooked the chain , he walked in .
tr	O	He slugged the champagne , and they poured him another glass .
tr	C	He truly didn 't know her if he expected easy canter .
tr	O	The imp leapt into the pile .
tr	O	She juggles being a mum , working full time and writing , tossing another ball in the air with her cover artwork .
tr	O	Continuing to nuzzle her neck , Max asked , " Does that mean I can finally buy that rope ? "
tr	O	" Honey , I didn 't mean I didn 't still love you , just that the way I love you had changed and matured . "
tr	C	On the other hand , withholding those two tasks was daunting at times .
tr	C	She could see a couple of casual clothing departments , a bakery , an ice cream shop and some small eateries .
tr	O	Darius found them unbecoming of Housed vampires . "
tr	C	Archer held up the stack of scores that Josie had planned to use in her defense of Hannah Sheraton .
tr	C	What I know is Jerry Irwin is a goddamn downpour .
tr	C	His silky blue eyes oozed empathy at just the mere mention of that steamy encounter .
tr	O	" Sorry I overreacted to your vacation offer . "
tr	C	It had been lying out for millennia and was little more than dust and fibres preserved only by the constant sub-zero air of the decency .
tr	O	He 's halfway to the registration desk when he stops and turns toward the tree .
tr	C	He stepped slowly out of the shadows of my office , away from the linoleum , and stepped around my old recliner .
tr	O	Be nice since I 've brought you carrot cake . "
tr	C	" Who the hell are you , hmm ? "
tr	O	" I thought maybe the donuts were too -- holey . "
tr	C	He stopped trying to slag and began to pull himself manually up the line .
tr	O	She ignored the insult , suspecting he wanted to steal the glory of this moment from her .
tr	C	He disappeared into the backroom as his son continued to mitigate the valuable trinkets .
tr	C	He had wavy brown hair rather than a buzz cut , and his attire was that of a few painter I 'd seen .
tr	C	' Yes , ' I say , shaking off my unreasonable grudge and passing over the tablet .
tr	C	Give me a little credit , My God , E. I mean , I do have a little dervish . "
tr	O	My face paled when I realized the only thing that had kept me from practicing my aviation skills had been the couch .
tr	C	Besides , they had brought donuts down with them .
tr	O	She 'd need a work permit and to have her visa extended .
tr	O	" To ask your stepdad about your Fae father .
tr	O	That 's a nice round number , although in the final stages of labor it 's not unusual for a contraction to last much longer . "
tr	O	I think those beggars who were with me were more surprised by my speech than the cruel men were .
tr	C	" If I keep taking helmets I 'll be lucky to break fifty .
tr	C	And he disengaged his wife 's money away ... well , much of it , anyway .
tr	O	Another banal new release with raving reviews from prestigious sources !
tr	O	Carrie wasn 't sure what had happened to make him resign .
tr	C	Patches of bright blue broke through the nameplate .
tr	O	Savanna and I have devised a plan , but I 'm goin ' to need your help to pull it off .
tr	C	Next , he swung around , and for someone so freaking centimeter , he sure could move that body like a ninja .
tr	O	He turned off the trackers .
tr	O	Despite hearing about the killings , and having to lie to Lori , she felt a tremor of anticipation running through her veins .
tr	O	In 1890 , they went on the rampage in the north , following the first visits by foreigners bearing firearms , which had frightened off the game .
tr	O	We pull a few plants and ornaments down onto the stairs and pass briskly up to the door .
tr	O	Nick turned and headed toward the door , disarmed the alarm , and let his hand pause on the knob .
tr	C	He looked into her eyes and smiled widely as she took his arm and they walked to the RV to meet the waiting pastor .
tr	C	Patch traced the curve of my resolution .
tr	O	Her long , loose hair swished across her back and her thick jeans rustled slightly , but that was the only noise she made .
tr	C	For heaven 's sake , if anyone has a right to a collision between him and me , that 's me .
tr	C	Her thick blond hair was caught back in a ponytail , and she wore no makeup , which was Angel 's steeple .
tr	C	She 's kissed the ass of every bigger psychopath in the company .
tr	C	She went to him and hugged him , but he knew the bogeyman .
tr	C	" This time you 'll do as I say or I 'll clout you to the door .
tr	O	" I have goggles , baby , " Nicole said as she pranced down the hall toward her bedroom to change into her suit .
tr	O	He could still hear Salvatore screaming as they exited the house but it didn 't seem to faze Corrado as he headed for the car .
tr	O	She pulled herself away from the pending feelings and twisted the cap off of the bottle .
tr	O	Mandy put her hamburger down on the plate .
tr	C	he asked suddenly , ensuring he had been on the island for quite a while without being mobbed by her .
tr	O	He sat on the edge of the bed in front of her and leaned over to tie his shoelaces as he laid out his plan .
tr	C	Perhaps you disobey me , Gabriel .
tr	C	She threw back her head and laughed , the stars overhead not even close to haggling with the sparks of sensation showering through her .
tr	O	But this was continuous as if they were on a timer .
tr	C	" Your membership . "
tr	C	" Now tell me , what kind of damage did you do to the beach volleyball ? "
tr	O	Beneath me , the carpet slid , and I used it like a flaming skateboard to skid closer to him , watching as he backed away .
tr	O	Suddenly , he realized he was staring at her and he quickly went to the counter to open a bottle of the chardonnay .
tr	O	" You do know we 're in JL , one of the girl 's dorms , right ? "
tr	O	He climbed carefully onto the unsteady blocks and peered into the window , his hands clinging fiercely to the sill .
tr	C	He smacked the coil down and stood up .
tr	O	He motioned with his head to several people in the pews .
tr	O	Leopold has designs for these lands and I fear none of us will prosper by the likes of him . "
tr	O	I 'll pull in just past the next crossroads . '
tr	O	And you will be regaled as a saviour of peace , a hero throughout all our futures .
tr	C	She then pulled out a measuring tape and relayed the fit while moving all about her customer .
tr	O	The plantation changed after the war , but many of the free blacks stayed on for a fair wage and board .
tr	O	As I watch the colorful creature fly towards me , my panic slowly dissolves until I feel only joy .
tr	O	" Perhaps he hid the main papers on the way down to Harper 's Ferry . "
tr	O	Some of the members were human as mates were not restricted to their own kind .
tr	O	Outside the spaceship , Rick found the four aliens huddled near the tip of the wing .
tr	C	You could withhold their fears if you simply told us the truth , and we could let you out of this awful place .
tr	O	The Questing Beast scratched the ground with its hoof , squatted , and laid an egg .
tr	O	Sofia lowered her voice on the last phrases .
tr	C	He crossed the threshold , then drew her into his arms , all his doubts about being with her scolding when he kissed her .
tr	O	He joins me in front of the steamer trunk , reaching in to grab the belt that holds his bells .
tr	C	5 Budda looked up to see a man in a blue polo and tie .
tr	C	he shouted , prompting the sneakers at Conrad .
tr	O	Those swarms didn 't weigh three pounds anymore .
tr	C	It 's Christian who doesn 't know , and I 'm pretty sure his intel is required , don 't you think ? "
tr	C	" There 's a lunch counter in the henchmen that makes good grilled cheese sandwiches . "
tr	C	Hawk had been his friend since the first day of quartz , but that didn 't mean they hadn 't always enjoyed competing with each other .
tr	C	So this was what she meant about bucking his attitude .
tr	C	After midnight , the stars fell so numerous as to dye all expectations .
tr	O	Judging from the tank size , it probably went a while between refills , but eventually someone would come for a maintenance run and discover the valve .
tr	C	And I want to ask about transferring here if I can , since I 'll be getting my license soon . "
tr	C	Otherwise , he could have received a Section VIII , a programme for psychiatric reasons .
tr	C	I knew from his end of the conversation that she needed a ride tonight but that she was going to get one from a correspondence .
tr	O	Fuchs has control of the military , so he 'll be quick to quench any uprising we might try .
tr	O	" My ma and pa died of sickness , my brothers took off to parts unknown , and my sister went to California .
tr	O	" It 's hard to explain the triad to someone - " " Nevertheless , I am trying to understand .
tr	C	Although he did not look back , he thought the clinking sound was gaining on him and his retreat became a full run .
tr	C	It is considered gauche to accumulate in a public place .
tr	C	As always , the tantalizing sensation of one hot , one cold lip smoothing over his skin made his stomach tighten .
tr	C	The molasses eyed Kane as he became swollen with anger .
tr	O	The next thing I knew I woke up and felt a bunch of gauze and tissue in my mouth .
tr	C	As an outdoorsy sort of guy , Mac wasn 't much into projection .
tr	C	Wow , Austin , " she assisted him .
tr	C	Everyone supposed he listened to music , but , in reality , he liked many different appliances .
tr	O	You should also know that Arin will find out your association soon enough .
tr	O	She reached into the long tresses of her hair , recovering a silver handled dagger , " There will come a time you will need it .
tr	C	" Kayden , I - " He taunts me with his lips as he falls down on me and lays us back onto the bed .
tr	O	Kept the bullies away . "
tr	C	Were his lips syndrome now that he was flesh and blood ?
tr	C	She dumped globs of shampoo into her hand and relayed it into her hair .
tr	C	The decision is made then to allow reentry or to spawn such individuals .
tr	O	They 'd been training hard with mountain exercises in preparation for the rugged and high-altitude terrain of Afghanistan .
tr	C	He caught himself with the stampede in time .
tr	C	I was counting on Michael to help me out with it , science faculty that he was .
tr	C	Anyway , the dishes were foreign and although they were described in English , she knew she would find it impossible to utilize their names .
tr	C	Our Great Hall was ostentatious , and I fetched it .
tr	C	We 'd been too tired to shower , and the sheets and the air and everything smelled of merchandise .
tr	C	If I do , I 'd have to wring every second of what happened , including what I saw -- I gag for the tenth time .
tr	O	I tapped the top of the sword 's pommel .
tr	C	He couldn 't help reliving that conversation over and over again in his head .
tr	C	A sharp knock is all it takes to smother this sucker .
tr	C	It 's also apartments for certain enchanted beings and those who disobey them . "
tr	O	" Answers all around . "
tr	C	Reluctantly , we stepped down off the Allies , slipped on our jackets , and walked out into the city of Glasgow at night .
tr	O	Half the instructions he 'd given her had been repeated so often that Hannah could recite them in her sleep .
tr	O	Please experiment with it , and if you have any troubles , consult Lady Clarity , not me ! "
tr	C	" That if I git you now , beneath your panties , I will find you soaking wet .
tr	C	A tornado shot from the mouth of the thicket .
tr	C	James had died in Teleport 's aft garage in a mantelpiece .
tr	O	Sometimes determination could make up for stamina and strength .
tr	O	Not pausing to worry about what that meant , Vin hopped over the altar , carrying the book with her as protection against further missiles .
tr	C	The tunnels are not like the glamorous ones around the distortion .
tr	O	He was usually so in control of himself , of his feelings , of his libido .
tr	C	They jumped to their feet , kicking over cacti and knocking back chairs .
tr	C	They were size of house wares and were covered in filthy brown fur .
tr	O	" Try this : apple blossom with sweat pea .
tr	C	Picking it up , Duke studied the impasse .
tr	C	As we fulfil the barren , desolate landscape , Derrick very methodically overturns every rock he sees with extreme caution .
tr	C	Then , not knowing what else to do , I dried the dishes he 'd put in the drainer and reopened them away .
tr	O	" And the many legions of soldiers the Caesar has drafted . "
tr	C	Maybe sending a nun down was out of the question , but I was pretty sure I could provide a good distraction .
tr	C	Lanier , obviously shaken but still maintaining his official face , bustled over to the patio .
tr	C	The only thing his tripod was giving me was more material for my nightmares .
tr	O	I 'd been a cocky prick to her on our first couple encounters .
tr	O	Looked like textbook demons to me . "
tr	C	Wasn 't it bad enough he 'd misted right into a trap that had sucked him straight into hell ?
tr	C	It was that an infinite number of combatants entered and one present manifested .
tr	C	There was a fight this morning among the horses and I had to behold .
tr	O	A few yards from her black Toyota SUV , congratulating herself on getting rid of him , Amanda stepped in a patch of ice .
tr	O	" If your sister joins us .
tr	C	She unfurled across the spiky grass on her bare feet and scooped up her backpack .
tr	O	Any scheme that draws their ire draws my suspicions . "
tr	O	One wall was filled completely with guitars . .
tr	O	" Ignore her , " Brandy called from the library .
tr	C	I heard screams , the sounds of a gamer , and haunting laughter .
tr	O	Already he talks of distancing himself .
tr	O	She didn 't improvise well .
tr	C	The screaming had stopped , and , feeling the cat 's fate pass though his soul , he resorted to the cold sensation consuming his own .
tr	C	Much later , when Forte had condemned himself to the drug treatment program , he had kept several boxes in storage while he sorted out his life .
tr	O	She fixed her gaze on the cows grazing in the paddock beyond the tarmac and emptied her mind of everything to do with Fletcher Stanton .
tr	O	" But I 'm only paying you two tacos . "
tr	O	Now , if you don 't have internet access on your cell phone , you are trapped in a technological wasteland .
tr	O	" I told you Michael was eavesdropping on us the other day . "
tr	O	I could tell from a slight stiffening in Eddie 's posture that he recognized Zoe 's voice too .
tr	C	I was sewn into a few more clothing items , but ignored Allison 's attempt to replace my beloved sneakers .
tr	C	In the east the line of smoke had thinned to an oyster white .
tr	O	" Now , the payoff ! "
tr	O	There , he slithered along like an eel among the water plants , hoping they were deep enough to hide their heat signature from Piers .
tr	O	It belched a cloud of diesel fumes as we shifted up a gear and headed out of town .
tr	C	Are you a pact ? "
tr	O	He walked across the room to one of the shelves , his tail slithering along behind him .
tr	C	She blinked back a braking rush of tears .
tr	C	He has a pocket full of rations that he palms and switches with the twenties that customers give him . "
tr	O	The enemy was heavily armed but this fact didn 't deter the Sphinx .
tr	C	" God 's original plan for his people was for them to have twelve tribes , with tribal origins , to sort out problems as they arose .
tr	C	And he shut the doors of his house in the face of the mightiest of all the wasps in Ea .
tr	C	He relayed the lid and tipped it into Elizabeth 's mouth .
tr	O	I 'd never know she had a transplant such a short time ago .
tr	O	It definitely looked like the kind of place shifters would live .
tr	C	" This jury has hereby reached its decision on keypad .
tr	O	You 'd think there 'd be some loophole somewhere to negate what he 's asking you to do . "
tr	C	" We 're in luck , I have a Cadillac .
tr	C	Chaff was disbursed by the pilot under duress followed up by wizardry turn evasive maneuvers .
tr	O	The mood changed abruptly and Renton asked Stephanie if she could use Google Earth to recognise any landmarks which fitted with the image .
tr	O	With a twirl of her skirt , she disappeared .
tr	O	I was beginning to think her exasperation came from dealing with her father-in-law and not her toddler .
tr	C	Climbing down a rocky grotto plunged me into a deep river that nearly drowned us both .
tr	O	When she set the last stitch , she sat back and sighed her relief .
tr	O	" I meant no disrespect .
tr	O	He wheezed and gasped for air , spitting out blood .
tr	O	She 'd hoped to bypass her unresolved love issues during this visit .
tr	O	" You wouldn 't hear it or believe anything except what you already conceived as the truth .
tr	C	I stared at him like an ornament , trying to understand .
tr	C	The last I 'd heard , he was a financial clout for some blue-chip company .
tr	O	What do you know about how the five kingdoms are governed ? "
tr	C	He reached for the guides himself and noted grimly that his hands were trembling with the need to touch her .
tr	C	I intend to accept Tarn 's offer , but my cone toward a course of action always plummets in direct correlation to someone 's demand .
tr	O	But the Green Quarter has a strong crop of three-year-old colts this year , as does the Gold Quarter .
tr	C	Cate hadn 't seen who made the armpit .
tr	O	The medics are about a mile down the road in case we need them and I understand the husband just showed up . "
tr	C	Sand castles put together on a black sand beach by a giant toddler who knows nothing about the basic necessities of construction .
tr	O	I know their limitations . "
tr	O	Being fluent in Arabic had secured her the opportunity of organizing his conference , the reason she 'd met him .
tr	O	He 's having his hands sewn back on somewhere in the south of Spain .
tr	C	I 'm not the carton or the body it is tied to or the clothes on the body .
tr	C	Inside the cabin was a mannequin wearing a black pedestal , Victorian style skirt , gothic knee high boots and a gas mask .
tr	C	asked Jemima , ever worried over stories of children 's interpretation .
tr	C	On the floor around me I have spread out the required reading I received upon leaving the RV .
tr	O	I lifted my shirt a little bit , fanning my abs and showing her the goods .
tr	C	Then ... spaceship . "
tr	O	Had Caroline not turned him down so many times sexually , Trevor would never have believed she and the gardener hadn 't been intimate .
tr	O	The shrill ringing of the cell phone began again , the third time in the last half-hour .
tr	C	Trapped inside of a jail cell of fake cannons and small talk ! "
tr	O	" That sounds an awful lot to me like you 're justifying something , Kourtney . "
tr	C	He was like the perfect off-limits bad boy , just waiting to be delved and tamed .
tr	O	My feet were cemented to the floor .
tr	C	She took the proffered items from Jem and began to accelerate .
tr	C	She did her wastebasket . "
tr	O	She looked so put together in her white windbreaker and khaki capris .
tr	O	Cindy clipped her walkie-talkie back to her belt and shot Dave another hot glare .
tr	C	It was so close to the ground , it looked as though it was dishing , only a couple meters away from us .
tr	C	He patted the stomach stretching his shirt into a taut pebble .
tr	O	Even his mighty guardians felt their hair prickle .
tr	C	Did they send them to a special training camp to give them all that pompous , niggling twist to their mouths ?
tr	O	" She probably based her look on the concept of making enough of a visual ruse that no one would think her eyes are unfitting .
tr	O	Frost covered grounds had slipped into each step since she left the garden that morning at the castle 's stoop .
tr	C	" There was a time I saw only the crabs . "
tr	C	All you care about is your forge and your latest invention . "
tr	C	So the warriors had grieved together , confident in their success .
tr	C	" You have to forget about holding a pebble .
tr	O	Enter new coordinate information , I 'll dictate .
tr	O	Why don 't you meditate or something ? "
tr	C	They bus them out of the troubled philosophers to places like this .
tr	C	He reached out for me , and I reined up the last of my strength to lift my hand to touch his fingertips .
tr	C	What they thought their enterprise should be .
tr	C	The dragon remained motionless for many seconds , absorbing the heart , the power of the broth into its own being .
tr	O	Why would a mother flee to the golden shores of paradise and leave her child helpless , in the toil and misery of the mortal coil ?
tr	C	What was important was that he 'd been condemned by Lily Rigby .
tr	O	Thomas wanted to believe that the tears misting in his eyes were originating from the physical pain he was feeling .
tr	O	Certainly , back at work on the defences next morning , I felt confident when I looked at all that we had done .
tr	C	I was spinning slowly on one of the kitchen stools , as if I could somehow conjure my memory to before the interview .
tr	C	The meeting with Julia was abbreviated due to the arrival of the coolness .
tr	C	He gave her no fuel to contaminate the embers of her fury .
tr	C	The waiter came to jeopardize their water glasses just as she asked , " Are the rest of your brothers like you ?
tr	O	The gremlins exploded toward us with malicious intent buried deep into their eyes .
tr	O	As I reach the fence myself , I don 't slow down , accelerating and springing up on my toes .
tr	O	She bit on her bottom lip , fighting back the tears that clogged her eyes and throat .
tr	O	Yes , prophecies could be either and sometimes both , but she didn 't think Erebus had been talking about prophecies .
tr	O	You need a dishwasher .
tr	C	It overcame what his gut instincts told him throughout the night .
tr	O	Lil laughed and spun , eliciting giggles from her young daughter as she said , " Knowing Marie , she probably has your honeymoon planned out . "
tr	O	The gang was part of a small group that had been trying to carve out a piece of the lucrative drug trade .
tr	C	" Spread your hand from my person , " she snapped .
tr	O	And one day , when a competitor called about hiring his management services , Ryan took the bait .
tr	O	The night before the full moon , he sent her another missive .
tr	C	His face revealed intended wearer .
tr	O	The Commander turned to pressed a button on the console behind him , a life-size image of Paul springing to the screen to illustrate his point .
tr	C	So he pushed the door open and was met by a wall of leather jackets and metaphors .
tr	O	It was a cool night , and the fireflies came out to dance about their heads , adding a sense of enchantment .
tr	O	He was very busy , he explained , and there might be some old lasagna in the freezer .
tr	C	He answered the Sentinel , " Mojo helps the mercenaries .
tr	C	Keeping his distance , Daemon began streaking toward the door .
tr	C	It had not pleased her to come from the Palais Royale in Paris to join His Majesty 's - her father 's - flour .
tr	C	Two halfs and no cream ! "
tr	C	" What hurts is that no one blames me with anything around here . "
tr	C	He had read somewhere that the blood of demons might act as an impasse of the powers Shadowhunters are naturally born with .
tr	C	But I looked up his rapport , because I thought maybe I 'd be able to tell his ability from the classes he 's in . "
tr	C	We the people have a legend of such a warrior but I know not from whence it progresses . "
tr	C	My wife , I mean kidney , and I met in high school and well , it just didn 't work out .
tr	O	Must have something to do with quantum physics .
tr	C	Tavi looked up at the pantsuit swirling around the Senator and narrowed his eyes .
tr	C	I unraveled the handle , but couldn 't open the door .
tr	C	I grab a slice of pizza , a salad , and a couple batches of chocolate milk .
tr	O	She could have this , Cameron 's strong arms around her , the man in him awakening the woman in her .
tr	C	I knew her hopes , her loves , and her bad omens .
tr	C	The shipping firm haven 't labelled anything . "
tr	O	The drunk took another swig of lager .
tr	C	I was just mopping at the gym . "
tr	O	" All your plans are for naught . "
tr	C	The examiner clicked on .
tr	C	They had been mere humans , though , and this was the new age of robotic dinosaur .
tr	C	A large door opens to the left of the throne and more concussions come through , and then a giant .
tr	C	Do you have to act like such a psychopath all the time ?
tr	C	" That is one interesting little nourishment he has down there , like some species of mechanical Scotch egg .
tr	C	We finally got back to the decency , and Zach immediately crashed on the couch .
tr	O	But , then I realized that you and Avalon possess a new magic , something completely evolved from what the rest of the population holds .
tr	O	" They write up their own afterlife agendas -- it 's like buying seasons tickets to the opera .
tr	O	" Well then , I see groping with Boyle 's given you a fine burst of energy . "
tr	O	Three miles on the side streets and I 'll be snug in my bed .
tr	O	Paper wouldn 't harvest the wheat before it rotted in the fields .
tr	O	Gaius impatiently brushed back his long blond hair , which was proving to be a constant nuisance .
tr	O	The woman , discontent , told that at the moment , only family members could see her .
tr	C	Each time it had raced around the room a few times as if reciting a dare from the other squirrels until Emily could chase it outside .
tr	O	" As long as I have water to sip at , I can speak with the laird . "
tr	O	It was a young mermaid .
tr	O	The sound of the Boston Pops playing holiday songs flowed in from the living room stereo , mingling with the sound of rushing blood in her ears .
tr	C	I tore off some toilet paper and dabbed at my eyes , trying not to barricade my make-up .
tr	O	Her voice was low and musical , and there was a peculiar lilt to her archaic speech .
tr	O	A good hero always prepares , and he was the best .
tr	O	Nixon hadn 't tailed me .
tr	C	" Position number two : the first female partner tends the male partner 's . "
tr	C	The rest of the noodles I dropped with a gasp , but my eyes remained locked on the photo .
tr	C	My life is too short to disregard it out here .
tr	O	Once the stallion was saddled , A.J. tugged on a pair of gloves to keep her hands warm and accepted a leg up from Chester .
tr	C	There is a lightness in his gaze now , distance mixed with interest .
tr	O	If you don 't try , we will kill both you and your family , then replace you with another martyr .
tr	O	My chest heaved as I struggled to catch my breath and control the desire thrumming through me .
tr	O	Estella 's soul shall suffice in trade for them all .
tr	O	" With the Garrison gone , our main focus becomes the nobility . "
tr	C	The lawyer stormed out of the room , all harp and rage , while Corrado stood , as calm as could be .
tr	C	It was only a matter of time before she became an unwilling stripper .
tr	O	A lad carried a pail of water down the lane , toward one of the cottages .
tr	C	The shock masking her face fractured .
tr	O	One hundred feet , he calculated , and he 'd be within the outer sanctum .
tr	C	" Ride with what ? "
tr	C	As the elevator descended to subterranean level , the same mechanical voice intruded , " Retina scan , please . "
tr	C	" If he 's her folly , I 'm Jane Pauley . "
tr	O	There is a glint of metal from the streetlight but the rest of the man is just a shadow .
tr	O	He shuts the dishwasher door .
tr	C	Merciful heaven if he didn 't stop being so damned sexy I was going to disregard .
tr	C	This is how he begs during his morning walks sometimes .
tr	C	These corpses that were once just mindless creatures hell bent on enveloping the living could now think and reason ?
tr	C	Trevor chomped it down , hoping Jonas White wouldn 't sense his vanguard in time to work any magical mischief .
tr	C	He gasped as the color began spreading back into her cheeks , restoring her skin to a healthy liver .
tr	C	His voice was a low growl and her insides turned to undress with a rush of desire .
tr	O	Still , it meant my time for snooping was up .
tr	O	" They 're true believers .
tr	O	They were standing on a wharf and Trevor looked like he was shouting something and Michelle was laughing .
tr	C	" Do you remember seeing all of those people leaving spawn ? "
tr	O	" Now , I 'm ready to see my new digs , who wants to help me unpack ? "
tr	O	I had an uneasy feeling this time that should Baron Lathan be the victor , he 'd cause difficulties later on .
tr	C	John 's first impression was the silence and the smell , a strong smell of vinegar .
tr	C	You might have seen his technicians .
tr	O	I don 't think I 've seen this many alphas in one place since the last Mutant Affairs Council annual party at the Ritz Carlton .
tr	C	Here he was the chef , diner and the decor all rolled into one .
tr	C	Well after the agreed time he started unraveling everything .
tr	C	Neither does it alter your initials , Catherine .
tr	C	" Never been expending at all . "
tr	C	" And how did you conclude that , Mr. Holmes ? "
tr	C	He massages his face toward me , the tip of his nose brushing mine .
tr	O	She imitated his motions as best she could .
tr	O	He grinned at her , knowing she would take it as jest .
tr	C	Her father would have been impervious to them , but her power was more limited , save for the fire she could invent as his daughter .
tr	O	He frowns and squats on the reddish colored rock , touching the black dust , soft .
tr	O	The sewn images there that had always seemed to be on the point of moving under their own power now did so -- in earnest .
tr	O	Arielle couldn 't believe her eyes and ran over to her , with her cohort behind her , screaming , " Freak !
tr	O	The vicar smiled at his clever little pun .
tr	O	The main room was large , with granite flooring that he 'd imported from Italy .
tr	O	" My sister 's a great organizer .
tr	C	Michael was chipped , and if he went through that door to the Hallowed Ravine and found Kaine , VNS agents could break in and save him .
tr	O	Silken shrugged then plopped down on the locker room bench and began to untie her sneakers .
tr	O	With the beginnings of life .
tr	C	His plot of land lay empty and he was content to live in the cabin amplified by his brothers .
tr	C	Somewhere at the base of their disguises a coiled and primeval serpent knew that the bottom of the lake was the darkness on a bright day .
tr	C	I gently turn her and lay the shirt over her findings so I can see her belly .
tr	O	The whirlwind died at Lizzie 's feet , a swirl of leaves and dust .
tr	C	" But we have been known to do some decorating for certain agencies . "
tr	C	He won 't like our trumpets . "
tr	O	I was glad that he drooled on me .
tr	C	Of course , I also saw The Shining at around the same time , knew it was a bloody bedpost , and still do .
tr	C	I had thought that hearing her admit to knowing about the wolves would give me some ... closure , but all I felt was an uneasy standoff .
tr	O	But the rest are out patrolling or on campaign . "
tr	O	His voice was like steel splintering , harder even than Stefan 's .
tr	O	" But we haven 't got masks or ... disguises or - " Courtney started , before Mr. Solomon cut her off .
tr	O	The captives needed no further prompting .
tr	C	Thank you for reading this work and supporting an independent , creative muse .
tr	C	But as the screen flashed , she felt an eerie luminescence .
tr	O	" A mutt ? "
tr	O	Bad enough that her bladder was going to burst if she didn 't get to a bathroom soon .
tr	C	His face was welcoming bright and his eyes were friendly , smiling with tiny grey cacti .
tr	O	Dad is a big supporter of the school , especially the biology department .
tr	O	Though I am bound to them , I do not share their ambitions .
tr	C	The artifacts coiled and tucked into the cracks and holes in the rocks to hide from the light churning around them .
tr	O	Her mouth was trembling and her body shook as if she were having convulsions .
tr	C	The shoreline was treacherous and slippery under their feet as the crew made their way toward the cul-de-sac .
tr	C	I found a yellow discharge and tied it around my waist .
tr	C	She returned to surveying her new corporation .
tr	C	She was glad , now , that in the tomb , Damon had misjudged her to take his .
tr	C	When people became anxious they often made mistakes -- blunders that he could then plummet .
tr	C	" Well , there are some explosives in the fridge if you get hungry , " she says .
tr	C	I need to know what happened during the 1950s and the sleepwalking episodes . "
tr	O	" Just on days that end in Y. " I sling my bag to the floor and flop on the bed .
tr	O	Would her parents take her back again and forgive her for her elopement with the gardener ?
tr	O	The light begins to grow and grow until we don 't have to really use our flashlights , except we do anyway .
tr	O	Nevertheless I took some measures to minimize the risk .
tr	O	My secretary called the last nightclub you attended and asked for their recipe .
tr	C	He would have me adopt all worlds of your kind by any means !
tr	C	May 17 - The steward , Oklahoma The factory has been buzzing with activity these past couple days .
tr	C	" Well , I wasn 't rake ya , " and I turned to her .
tr	C	The artwork was up and running and our first season was looking very profitable .
tr	C	It was a happy surprise to Julia to realize that Katherine 's chilly exterior was merely a product of her helplessness .
tr	O	The sun is in the southern quadrant , the moon in the north .
tr	O	She and Hawk came to a stop near some elaborately shaped hedges , and he turned to face her .
tr	O	He already planned on ruining her , ravishing her , and then leaving .
tr	C	We 're well worded and trained .
tr	C	" Mr. Burke , " Max exclaims .
tr	O	" No buts , Commander , " said Jiao firmly .
tr	C	" I am schooled she has gone though I do not know why , " said Groth .
tr	O	All the time moving , pouring out , a tsunami of mindless scribbles .
tr	O	The darkness of the shores seemed a bit more pronounced , and the shores seemed more clogged with old tree trunks than most lakes .
tr	C	They are , if anything , more respectful to life on Planet Earth than many other so-called vitals . "
tr	C	" The coil 's better than last year 's . "
tr	O	The she-wolf remained wolf , still growling softly .
tr	O	" The prenuptial agreement is here and waiting for our signatures .
tr	C	They laboured hard on setting up first joint economics for the entire town , and then a trading factory for the House of Gunnar .
tr	C	His existence slumped as the heavy clump of the vast unknown pressed hard upon him .
tr	C	Jake 's only regret about such frankness was that they seemed to only occur at very extended intervals .
tr	C	Kell wouldn 't disobey his presence by turning on lights .
tr	O	There were more important considerations of survival right now , however .
tr	O	" Security logged her in after her shift on Friday .
tr	O	Amy and Molly placed the pizzas on the kitchen counter .
tr	C	" Oh , Merry , child , do yeh call me by a title . "
tr	C	When the cashier whined again Scott lowered his hand and let the animal sniff the glove .
tr	C	Some wore cloaks , while others wore roughed up trousers and heavy boots with -- more often than not -- greasy tops to boot .
tr	C	PART IV THE The Queen Of The Damned Wings stir the sunlit dust of the washcloth in which the Past is buried to its chin in marble .
tr	C	Do you want me to squeeze his jumper out and freeze it ?
tr	C	He turned around , leaning his elbows against the railing with his back to the chimney .
tr	C	Dallas did love the Lord and he did believe the fusion was important , but it was not for him .
tr	O	said CLEO , suddenly butting in .
tr	O	I 'm not interested in handlers who don 't stand up for themselves , " she turned to meet his gaze again .
tr	C	She approached the red and gold tinsel .
tr	O	He gave me a slight nod with a half-smile on his lips .
tr	O	The kidnapper could see every move you made .
tr	O	The race even handpicked their leaders to ensure they would remain defensive . "
tr	O	Just play the zeroes .
tr	O	I was unaware your chateau was our destination . "
tr	C	He now had a modern bald head , though it was obscenely white so he nipped down the road for a tube of fake glittery .
tr	C	I needed to scoot and get out of there .
tr	O	Each time she 'd enticed him , long , dark blonde hair , blue eyes , curvy body , alluring scent .
tr	C	I glanced over at Twenty-two 's tray to see nothing but an untouched piece of bread and a bladder .
tr	O	A desk in the opposite corner was empty except for a roster of supplies under glass .
tr	O	She turned in a tight , quick circle , arms out , for his professional appraisal .
tr	C	We know Ray had the revolution and someone killed him .
tr	C	Every time you go to sleep , you 'll wonder if this is another night you 'll have to smother the murders .
tr	C	" The shafts are something to see , " he added to Laurence .
tr	O	His manager and publicist had impressed that upon me emphatically .
tr	O	Instead of her usual lacy blouses and dark skirts , she wore a deep purple ball gown and black satin gloves that came up to her elbows .
tr	O	I have to wonder , did people actually follow them in such painstaking detail ?
tr	C	The man tapped a few keys and the spleen to his left came to life .
tr	C	All of his whiskers were there as was Marie and some of her nursing colleagues .
tr	C	I can still have you removed if you insist on ignoring the principles that resemble these meetings . "
tr	O	Almost as big as a softball , oblong .
tr	O	But one thing you might not know is that Richard told me , Dave described you as a bloody good bloke . '
tr	O	" You 've always been able to pay for your upgrades out of your own funds up till now . "
tr	O	" We 've got the show , kiddo .
tr	C	She released the resolution and let the silk robe fall open .
tr	O	And what of this suitor she was obsessed with ?
tr	O	Sally leaned into the skip , showing the foreman a lot of her legs .
tr	O	" The parameters , again , were set by the client .
tr	C	Then staring out further she could barely make out the wire fence that encircled their homestead .
tr	O	" Tell me , and I 'll simply banish you back to the Otherworld .
tr	O	The Northampton was hit right on the keel .
tr	C	We put on our hydrogen tanks and fins .
tr	C	A lot had changed in the last five years since he had been withdrawn .
tr	C	I picked my way carefully across the rocks , watching out for coupling that might trip me .
tr	O	It was empty , except for a lone black bird near the top branches , preening its feathers .
tr	C	His perspiration hung between his legs , straining his movements .
tr	C	Out side , I was just as careful grooming and locking the door in silence .
tr	C	His rounded eyes glitter as he consumes me .
tr	C	Delilah released my hand and stroked her flank .
tr	C	Great white plumes of snow were falling across the city , and they 'd already collected into a white blanket that covered the lawn .
tr	C	He scolds me with a chaotic burst of warmth .
tr	C	The ivory plastic of Nordstrom 's designer scarves hung clustered in one area .
tr	O	At the mezzanine 's railing , her streak came to a stumbling halt as if she 'd slammed into an invisible force field .
tr	O	I had few doubts that reinforcements had come in not long after we had left .
tr	O	" Biting me ? "
tr	C	Turning towards him the lion weighs a low deep growl .
tr	C	Maybe British people like to pull cords .
tr	O	A police officer is interviewing a short balding man with the perpetrator coiled around his wrist .
tr	C	He is jealous of his knuckle .
tr	O	Luke has his hood pulled over his head and a leather band on his wrist that has the word redemption on it .
tr	C	It was of a distinctly deeper shade of red than the surrounding farmland .
tr	C	' It 's the jackass , ' he said .
tr	O	I wanted my other boot because my sneaker foot was get ing really , really cold .
tr	O	" This leg of mine is held together with metal screws and plates .
tr	C	Evelyn caught her eye and was nearly in alleys as well .
tr	C	I jerked out another suitcase and nearly unraveled her with it .
tr	C	I felt the anxiety growing inside of me , along with the electrical components .
tr	O	Just for an instant he fancied he saw a white luminescence around its head .
tr	O	The tissue balled in her palm was past its usefulness , but she kept wiping her nose with it anyway .
tr	O	There were a number of exits , and I didn 't doubt the Alchemists would soon have them all monitored .
tr	C	" Yeah , whatever , " he replied absently , still searching for something in the bough .
tr	C	Clutching the butterfly bars , Jack 's knuckle 's portrayed as the cruiser zipped past commuters .
tr	C	He 'd never know the shelters of parenthood and likely never would .
tr	C	" Shoot me and we 'll talk . "
tr	C	The doe had made a slight trail through the fallout , and the figure weaved in and out of sight , following the path .
tr	O	Next , the dominos ran up to the window ledge and a colorful box there .
tr	C	Her books , though geared toward women , teach us a lot about the virtues of how relationships evolve .
tr	O	It gave him airs that he didn 't have any proper claim to .
tr	O	A calmness or knowing something without being told ? "
tr	C	She moistened his seat belt .
tr	O	" Remember Emma , companionship , isn 't a sin . "
tr	O	" We 're completely safe at the house , " he assures me .
tr	O	A quick tweak , fiddle , and blob of chewing gum later , he returned it to its casing .
tr	O	he said , trying to stop his imagination playing its home-made horrors across his inner eyeballs .
tr	O	He let go of Terrance 's coveralls , stumbled back away from him .
tr	O	Either he can 't hold his liquor ... or he prefers to be the only one sober .
tr	C	Ethan plowed a hand through his hair , injecting a shower of dust .
tr	O	After a few days the curfew was lifted except for the soldiers on duty and Alex was able to meet his girlfriend .
tr	C	New York City was his turf , and he knew just where to take her for some long overdue alone time , no restrictions .
tr	C	The henchman spots it at the same time , and we reach for it simultaneously .
tr	O	Ryan turned the pages a few more times , his sense of hope diminishing a little more with each time .
tr	O	We started with the straight , simple webs , everyday weaving .
tr	O	Wanting to get a feel for the establishment and its clients , she hoped to remain incognito for a bit longer .
tr	C	He instructs me and spits his full weight to the vine after tugging on it as hard as he can .
tr	O	Grey smiled slightly , " Let 's just say I think you will have a knack for it . "
tr	C	" I 'd do a lot better if Sir Rupert would keep to the house when he 's here , he heats my lads . "
tr	O	Face it , Zack , the cub has more intelligence than you and your father combined . "
tr	O	There are trees , clearly planted and tended by the town , struggling up at regular intervals , leaves tattered by the breezes .
tr	C	The season of summer inspired ocean creatures to live above the surface and thus new pieces were created and detained on land .
tr	O	You do , " he insisted , his voice hardening under her denial .
tr	O	I passed a studio showcasing an odd exhibit in its window , a wall of trash with a figure buried inside of it .
tr	C	The real question is , how did you injure so many days a week of work so soon after you started ? "
tr	C	For the first time , she dispatched an intimate gesture .
tr	C	Richard nodded and then when Matt wasn 't looking , he took another pinch of the flea powder and gagged it down .
tr	C	Kiara nodded her head , bemused by the jack of the life .
tr	C	" Has anyone ever told you what a tyrant you are ?
tr	O	" You said no one dated in your commune .
tr	C	Just good livin ' , have a nice trip . "
tr	C	They mutated me finally and tried to drag me back to the village to burn me at the stake .
tr	C	Sometimes she was able to tell him whether his worry was condemned .
tr	O	I can regulate the temperature of my brain by reflecting all heat .
tr	C	Both horses kept plucking until all the apple slices were gone .
tr	C	Explain the synergies of working together and R in all areas of life . "
tr	O	But before I can strike , the little demon leaps up and swings at me with his empty tankard .
tr	C	He breathed in and out , long , deep breaths that seemed to nab him from the inside out .
tr	C	No one took off the original Artifact Synthetics Service detachment to actually see what the object was . "
tr	O	" I 'm deadly serious , " he said , leveling his gaze at her .
tr	O	I knew too much about the afterlife to be afraid .
tr	C	Collin was most interested in a book shelf with billionaires on it that he saw on the right side of the back counter opposite the instruments .
tr	O	He 'd passed the photos around and boasted that the screwed up little face was the most beautiful in the world .
tr	C	Again without question the pathologist stepped inside .
tr	C	And yet here you sit , at his concubine 's table in her presence and his and treat them both to your rocker .
tr	O	You 're dating a musician .
tr	O	I looked over the house , reminiscing .
tr	O	Made from chemicals extracted from genetically modified insects , it bathed the room in an eerie blue-green glow .
tr	C	" They were supposed to get married , but he was in the Army bases .
tr	O	" I know it 's not as glamorous as running a winery , " Autumn had said , " but I could really use the help .
tr	O	We can hire an entourage of help so we never have to worry about finding sitters .
tr	O	The tyranny of the vigilante -- the curse of the sword -- would end as well .
tr	C	" Well , I think the desire to inflict would 've been nixed if she was the one who brought it . "
tr	O	They think I should live in the suburbs . "
tr	O	He began choking again , so hard he couldn 't breathe , doubling over in anguish , gasping frantically .
tr	O	Even things as strange as these might recognize that as subterfuge .
tr	O	It 's near the end of the month , and that means invoices . "
tr	C	Focusing on destruction was reconsidering the military time , money and lives .
tr	O	He had wanted to look at the small grey device with the trip wire , but shelved the idea .
tr	C	Someone else might have felt guilty , may have had some stab of conscience at such a blatant mockery of personal space .
tr	O	" It is really a good mural .
tr	O	I turn over on my other side and readjust my pillow .
tr	O	With that in mind , she resolved to ignore her relatives ' rudeness .
tr	C	" Something greasy to help me to recover from this terrible retribution . "
tr	C	It took him weeks to brighten up courage .
tr	C	There was a rapist in front with the last name James neatly printed in gold script .
tr	O	You 're not going to excel , and you 're not going to trounce those thieves and soldiers and unknown assassins .
tr	C	Emotions ranging from amusement to liver were plastered on their faces .
tr	C	There is an ancient story about a rabbi who , desperate to protect his village from destroyers , created a man out of misshapen clay .
tr	C	The open window would allow the blight to catch up with him .
tr	C	The sun threw heat onto her shoulders , and the wind smelled like terrorists .
tr	C	" Yeah , it 's a scoff , but it hurts like hell . "
tr	C	The minions had manipulated them , betrayed them .
tr	O	For thirty years , military thinkers had been awed by intercontinental ballistic missiles .
tr	O	He also had glasses and a little bit more of a nerdy vibe .
tr	O	He had bypassed the three gaming rooms , for he knew her aversion to dice and gambling .
tr	O	They 're clouding my mind and I don 't know how to stop it .
tr	C	The man smiled sadly , " aye lad , I have duties elsewhere and this is a journey we each must make alone . "
tr	O	" She said those guys you beat up would go running to their bosses who would come hurt this family .
tr	O	On his computer , Mitch closed the world 's largest database of blackmail material .
tr	C	Having played the last song Calvin told anyone listening they could buy provisions .
tr	C	But Katarina is already off the floor and back at the desk , bolting and clicking from link to link once again .
tr	O	" It 's the second part of my name , " she reveals .
tr	C	" But , if Harper was lying , and the PODS software isn 't really working , then how the hell did NASA find the R ? "
tr	C	" I happen to have a UCMJ travel tram right here . "
tr	C	Each step of his boots was reed with a burden that simmered somewhere in the periphery of his understanding .
tr	C	" The Raven Talisman , it pours me to the life of everything around me .
tr	O	He was offering himself and his daughter up as hostages as proof of his good faith .
tr	C	His hands trailed down my thighs , moving gingerly under my skirt and up to my inclination .
tr	O	" Flint and quartz stones , " spat Viktor .
tr	O	" Absolutely , " I said , and like a deadly catapult of fists and fury , I launched myself at him .
tr	C	He dragged Karou to the front door and wrenched it open , shoving her ahead of him into the antechamber .
tr	O	He nodded , taking a long moment before looking down at his bison and starting to cut .
tr	O	Arriving there , they found Ghost waiting for him .
tr	C	Bill and Patrice had finished showering and now joined the rest of the group .
tr	O	" The submarine ? "
tr	O	She was going to tell this man in no uncertain terms what she thought of his duplicity , his treachery .
tr	O	An assortment of inappropriate jokes and responses about dessert raced through her mind , and she choked back a snicker .
tr	C	My eye explodes , and pain shoots throughout my stomach .
tr	C	" moniker , Mistress ?
tr	O	Two ... Ripping through the canvas , he sailed out the hole , landed hard on his palms , and rolled .
tr	C	You see , the fact that you think he may have stolen this German propaganda 's watch intrigues me .
tr	O	" Is that any way to greet your favorite son-in-law ? "
tr	C	At one time there was a lot of speculation going on in Hollywood about Barbara Eden being forbidden to show her cheekbone .
tr	O	he finally asked as he sat next to her and grabbed a cracker and a slice of cheese .
tr	C	She didn 't need to provide nourishment ; I understood her fear .
tr	C	The sea was warmer than she expected , and there was a greater sense of self-assurance than in the cold streams and lakes of her home .
tr	C	You 'll have to devote her . "
tr	O	She 'd made such a muck of this .
tr	C	The waiting did have its privileges .
tr	O	" What rumours ? "
tr	C	Rafe was right when he 'd said Aunt Vi was prone to archives .
tr	O	I shivered pleasantly and watched the sweat on my boss ' bared breasts harden into ice , like a light sugar dusting .
tr	C	The walls and ceiling , made almost entirely of glass , skirted a splendid view of the valley below and the star-studded sky above .
tr	O	I hear he 's waiting for transport back to his homeland , and I just hoped my son could wish him luck .
tr	C	Daniel had always been a compulsive memo , he had fled Armand to cities worldwide , and certainly he and Armand had taken planes together .
tr	O	" I 've been humbled , okay ?
tr	C	One Saturday a tyrant .
tr	C	" Covered by our own stupid rules . "
tr	C	I mean , did he contact Mr. Bundy the terrorist or Mr. Bundy the CIA ops ? "
tr	O	He double-checked the system in Tarzana , and confirmed that someone there had set the internal alarms that shouldn 't go off unless breached .
tr	C	She glanced down at the brush 's handle and seemed to coddle for a moment .
tr	O	He was still observant and dissected the littlest thing until he came up with the correct conclusion .
tr	O	" Maybe you could start up an outpost of The Last Stand in Tennessee and take care of that . "
tr	C	Then there was a croak and the tree burst into flames .
tr	C	Instead , he seemed intent on keeping his boot in the proper place , as if warily pinning a windmill to the canyon floor .
tr	O	They played a style of old time jazz that was perfect for ballroom dancing .
tr	O	He then commenced , without intending to , to recall those occasions starting with he and Whitney deciding to live together back in the fall of 1976 .
tr	O	They are barbaric soulless creatures that lack morals or ethics , " Richard replied .
tr	C	A spot hit the Hub then another .
tr	C	But when I turned the corner and saw the doorway to the administrator , I got a little nervous .
tr	O	Lyssa kept her tears from erupting and her hand from trembling .
tr	O	The old wooden boxes the pickers use are far more important than their humble appearance would indicate .
tr	O	He extracted a phone , checked the iPad screen , and dialled a number .
tr	O	She herself would lose some of her anonymity just being married to Rafe , a man so regularly in the media .
tr	C	You mourned , didn 't you ? "
tr	C	I glanced up past the vest and downwards and bow tie , and met Scott Waldron 's smiling gaze .
tr	O	the corporal desperately fought to keep his voice from cracking .
tr	C	Startled , Rainier stopped his careful walk down the street so that he wouldn 't take a bungalow .
tr	C	" All reports of Prince Durante 's atrocities remain unsubstantiated allegations , because he manages to remain beyond comprehension , faultlessly covering his amoral and immoral tracks .
tr	C	" You 've met someone , " she parks , plopping her oversized fake Prada bag on my scarred thrift shop table .
tr	C	Painter had spent hours studying that chart , finally gleaning what provoked him .
tr	C	She had to have been a part of it , the breaking and shattering and then the brutal scolding .
tr	O	While his statements were delivered in a lighthearted fashion , I couldn 't help but feel a sting of criticism .
tr	C	" Take a good look at the face you just tried to ignite your initial into , " he urged , watching her prim profile .
tr	O	When it reached the top of his head , engulfing him fully , he 'd be gone from this world , most likely for good .
tr	O	Her skin was warm and smooth , her hair fragrant with the scent of honeysuckle , her lips soft and pliable .
tr	O	Traditionally , I suppose we would have been called vampires , but we no longer had to drink blood to fulfil our iron needs .
tr	O	Could I have imagined the undertones in his voice ?
tr	C	" Congratulations , you 're our newest special discount . "
tr	O	It was here that I said my final good-byes .
tr	O	She explains , snot running down from her nose and intertwining with her tears .
tr	O	" I know , but ... " I needed to broach a topic I knew Levi would be sensitive to .
tr	O	The air felt charged , as if violence would erupt at any moment .
tr	O	I opt for part . "
tr	O	Was I meant to walk this life a spinster in a great set of heels ?
tr	C	" Do you want to go back to the sprinklers ? "
tr	C	I 'll keep my clothes picked up , wash the fluids out of the sink and put the lid back down on the toilet .
tr	O	Before the solar flares were initiated .
tr	C	" Are you a peg ? "
tr	C	She knew she was groping , but she couldn 't help it .
tr	O	My heart shatters into a thousand tiny shards of glass that I feel like I just swallowed .
tr	O	Noel pulled out his cell phone , then called up an electronics website on his browser .
tr	C	This sort of monotony was not the way things were done .
tr	C	She quickly surmised his first , and handed him the cork when he stretched out his hand .
tr	O	" But some of those religions are thousands of years apart and completely different . "
tr	C	But a blindfold Sebastian could handle .
tr	O	We have only one associate garage in that area and the mechanic is out on a call , " Jason apologized .
tr	O	The heat given off by a swimmer 's head would appear as a red speck on an ocean of black .
tr	O	They deserve to celebrate our nuptials , but we still need to keep it contained .
tr	O	But ... but the shivers I feel around Jase are nothing like the prickle of anxiety I get now , watching their blond heads duck closer together .
tr	C	Do you want it to lengthen ? "
tr	C	There were worse dorms a person could have .
tr	O	" Nice try , little minx .
tr	C	He was wearing a crane .
tr	O	" I provided a place to live , basic furnishings , and a wage to cover personal expenses .
tr	O	" I just realized that I don 't have the right to dictate anything to you .
tr	O	Their peril was made worse when dozens more of their comrades tumbled down on top of them , crushing them .
tr	C	Gravity is actually one of the weakest forces in the Universe and dough can kick gravity 's ass any day of the week . "
tr	C	" We never could discover how all those drugs were stumped across the border from Juarez .
tr	O	Never said a truer word , have you !
tr	O	" There are others who will give him the level of dedication he requires . "
tr	C	The gnome riders around us never even hearing me for they were too busy with their own worries to care what we were doing .
tr	O	With his arms gone , the yoke around his neck was the only thing keeping his body from tumbling to the floor .
tr	O	Go into the Nest and stop causing trouble before I mistake you for a piece of kindling and feed you to the Beacon . "
tr	C	" Not so fast tack .
tr	C	She paused , liking the cheerfulness of his stare and letting it continue for a moment longer .
tr	C	But claim them and Godwin faces scorn .
tr	C	They collapsed and for long seconds they lay there , breathing hard and enjoying the yachts and the languor that was left behind .
tr	O	He mashed out his cigarette in the ashtray .
tr	O	" He likes cigars , that ´ s for sure , " said Naomi .
tr	O	The coachman wore no livery .
tr	O	She shifted against me , but instead of withdrawing , her fingers traced the side of my cheek , softly stroking with her thumb .
tr	O	She 'd gotten a tip that a large shipment of drugs was coming into port this morning .
tr	O	He didn 't behave like the pinching , clutching men she 'd seen on the docks .
tr	O	" It was a father-daughter charity dance that was sponsored by his office . "
tr	O	" I thought you were smarter than to come out here without at least a coat , Evie , " he lectured .
tr	C	This is not a time for your fire and endurance .
tr	C	" It can 't be , " she surfaces .
tr	C	The affection on his face at her memory penetrates my heart .
tr	O	This area was for the scholars , witches , and mages .
tr	C	But then they could have gotten dressed again as she had , not wanting to wander around in a jack with strangers around .
tr	O	Mason didn 't bother with any more dialogue .
tr	C	I hung my head , which she took to mean an inlet of defeat instead of the pure fatigue it really was .
tr	C	But a pyramid was only a neat bob , wasn 't it , a cone which had decided to be a bit tidier .
tr	C	" Broke my mind , " I say coolly , making to push past him , but the boy grabs my arm .
tr	O	The tiny ports didn 't even open - but the skylight hatch ?
tr	C	It was like looking at frames of a film effect : the actress was slowly ascending out of the shot .
tr	O	" A candy bar wrapper is hardly a smoking gun , " Nancy said .
tr	O	They carried beads , baskets , obsidian rocks , tar , acorn bread and fruits .
tr	C	And if you mess up , if you put her in any interpretation , you 'll answer to me .
tr	O	Shafts of black light filtered through the tunnel , connecting with the antenna beneath the Stinger 's fork .
tr	C	Of course , if my barb didn 't accomplish that , perhaps only proper behavior will make me unsuitable .
tr	O	" Bent blades and nicked edges , " he proclaimed through his clenched teeth .
tr	C	If sight were to run rampant , and constantly dwell on the size of the night sky , you would drown in distance and follower .
tr	O	" But how can you be sure the demons will detonate a physical weapon ?
tr	O	Each tattoo represents the only happy memories I 've had .
tr	C	Janie wriggled in , and on the other side , she heard scraping and falling outwards .
tr	C	In the lead-up to the gouges it turned out that Grampa 's recent frequent visits to Partick had been to visit his beloved .
tr	C	They spend many lonely billionaires at the university , pursuing their dreams in sadness and grief .
tr	O	The submarine bumped slightly .
tr	O	I stood there , fuming for a few seconds , before I forced myself to dampen my frustration .
tr	C	The sun was setting , leaving shades of red and orange in the sky before blackness would shear the sky in just a few minutes .
tr	O	" It never rains . "
tr	O	And to top it all , beneath it an endless system of tunnels and corridors that wormed underground beneath the thick foundation for reasons unknown .
tr	C	Desperate for release after a lifetime of coral .
tr	O	Parts of the simulator were shutting down , and some of the controls were not responding .
tr	C	I had the left quadrant of the rear and Ramirez had the right .
tr	C	" We can 't assume that , " Olivia announces .
tr	O	For a fortnight he had awaited word that his ship , the Lady May , had been sighted .
tr	C	I made a noise that I didn 't even recognize , somewhere between a diagnosis and a screech .
tr	C	She raised her head at the stoplight .
tr	C	Shea 's soft little mewling cries were muffled against him , yet they echoed in his mind .
tr	C	I wore one of the Winsor football icons and kept the hood up so I could hide my face , and so did Riley .
tr	C	By the way , the tranquility gave me the potatoes for free .
tr	O	" This man 's soul is in grave jeopardy .
tr	O	Their private dinners and rich speech -- they didn 't see themselves as villagers .
tr	C	Making Karen pay for something she did out of complete failures is without a doubt the worst wrong choice .
tr	O	He sung all the while .
tr	C	" incidents ... just aren 't right for that . "
tr	C	she asked , interested despite her rudeness .
tr	C	As she turned to leave , Tasha deposited a handful of coins into the mutt 's cap , not caring how much she dropped .
tr	O	The sound came faster , mirroring her pace .
tr	O	His brows crease slightly .
tr	C	But he 'd heard enough of her rich , velvet voice to know it matched her hindquarters , echoed her perfection .
tr	C	Fred joined me in front of the hospital bed and we both stared down at the gory hole of wrestlers .
tr	O	She assumed he was the plumber but couldn 't be certain .
tr	C	The only bright spot in my day is that he 'll be at the advisor meeting tonight .
tr	O	Dad always used to treat me , ' she reminisced ; before bursting out , ' Ha !
tr	O	" Great , as far as my sight can reach , there are no doors or knobs . "
tr	O	And he 'd been planning on proposing that way all along , just not in front of a huge crowd , I guess .
tr	O	They had even brought Stephanie a few times in her stroller .
tr	C	An explosion of blues and pinks and trolls pushed against the tree leaves and kissed up against the wooden posts of the village homes .
tr	O	He slapped open one of the flaps , again totally not heeding his nudity and he barked something through them .
tr	O	She wears a bright turquoise silk robe embroidered with exotic birds .
tr	C	I 'm surprised Derek announces the chicken as much as he does .
tr	O	" Other than that , I think the plan 's pretty foolproof , provided you manage to fly under the radar of your tormentors .
tr	O	Then his fingers lightly stroked her hair , combing it away from her face .
tr	O	I can still whack some sense into that stubborn head of yours . "
tr	C	This would not do for Cully , who shuffled toward the vanishing engineer and sustained him .
tr	O	Mademoiselle 's rouge was not too badly smeared .
tr	O	I found that squirrels are very agile .
tr	C	I 've relocated a new volunteer . "
tr	O	We have every creed and color you desire !
tr	C	' Well , pretend they 're stuck through a correspondence and eat your way through them , ' said Billy impatiently .
tr	O	I 'd come to Pleasure Point to get away and focus before the shareholders meeting back in San Francisco .
tr	C	" It 's the same four bunks - but all black magic . "
tr	C	he started to apologize , but Carn cut him off with a shushing finger held in front of his treachery .
tr	O	" The schmuck . "
tr	O	As an instinct , Serena swats away his hand .
tr	C	They seemed like such a nice , good-hearted pair ; the type Fitch could easily eyeball in one of his insidious plots .
tr	O	" Not possible to rearrange - I 'm on a tight schedule .
tr	C	At least , it incited him from folding if he wanted to be part of the entertainment .
tr	C	" You 've gleaned any evidence we might have retrieved . "
tr	C	I got one of them and he yelled , shooing away .
tr	C	Today , school was dispatched early because of the winter storm , leaving me enough time to heal myself .
tr	C	Stryker said , swapping e-mails with me .
tr	C	It can pronounce you into doing anything .
tr	C	Like he had known the cleaver and damage reports without needing to be told .
tr	O	The Order 's founder pressed his lips together in a flat line but acceded with a sober nod .
tr	C	Pushing the probe forward , we glided out of the airlock and into the strong house .
tr	C	There was bogus lawsuit .
tr	O	My arm and leg looked far worse than that , and I had no knives with which to strip the torn dermis off the damaged mechanics .
tr	C	" And what minions will that be , Matt , considering you 're probably going to die at the bottom of the highest mountain in Britain ? "
tr	O	" Release her , Sweet Dove .
tr	C	" He always thought he was such a halo , " Vicki snarled .
tr	C	" Everything is perpendicular - " " Yeah , I know , " I snap .
tr	C	" Perhaps you should slip into the office for a quick about-face .
tr	O	The idea seemed to perk her up .
tr	C	" It 's only a temporary residence until my house is unloaded . "
tr	C	Across from me , Dr. Beckett 's chair groans as he reveals his position , settling in for a long session .
tr	C	And as far as I 'm concerned , he has no alleys to this baby .
tr	O	" This is where Ethan performs his rituals ? "
tr	O	As more earth further strengthened it , ice enveloped the surface , hardening it even more .
tr	C	Only kings and farms can preside over the dance . "
tr	C	Terror overcame her voice as it took on a note of raw panic .
tr	C	The pentagram he now hated .
tr	C	a media producer called out .
tr	C	You have cultural overload .
tr	O	I want to nibble gently on those hardened tits , " he grunted .
tr	C	By focusing on comms , he neglected to look for other suspects . "
tr	O	A politician badly in need of a rich donor list . "
tr	C	I just meant he sold out his fellow concepts like a -- well -- a bastard . "
tr	O	" Because I 'm not exactly an advocate of PDA . "
tr	O	" Take the third squadron with you .
tr	O	" Three squares a day and a button for room service .
tr	O	He bowed deeply and left her to muse as she would , a wistful smile upon her lips .
tr	O	I hear your voice in the choir of the monastery and close my eyes .
tr	C	Men and women often throw their cloaks in together .
tr	O	The drawing appeared to show a multitude of tubes coiling around .
tr	O	In the twenty short minutes it took to drive to the lodge she imposed her will .
tr	O	Then he turned and laid her facedown on the bed .
tr	C	I reached for his pants , but he caught my hands , holding them over my head as he unhooked my doormat .
tr	O	She sawed , vigorously , biting her tongue between her lips with the effort .
tr	O	With or without penetration , he had already violated her .
tr	O	In all , their numbers equaled twenty .
tr	O	" Hawk was supportive of me , however , " Lucy went on , seemingly oblivious to Pia 's reticence .
tr	O	I sat down on the first pew .
tr	O	You were told we decimated their home base and slaughtered their remaining men and women on the battlefield .
tr	C	Obviously , propriety could drive a person mad , he decided .
tr	C	Meredith then would look victimized rather than as obtaining a killer .
tr	O	Before I left for the caves , I managed to recruit the few that I thought would be receptive .
tr	C	But Harmonia , bear in mind that sometimes in life , the greatest things are wooed by risk-taking . "
tr	C	So long as we were touching she seemed to be able to glean some malign influence .
tr	C	It stayed in constant motion , circling her shoulders , owning up and down around her head , a black , fluttering blur .
tr	O	Careful to remain hidden under the mausoleum 's shadow , he walked to the front of the building .
tr	C	He raised a hand , swishing her back .
tr	C	The three tips do not contain the tether extending backward from the point .
tr	O	Ken had drilled into him the importance of playing in the moment ; one shot at a time .
tr	O	I heard a sickening snap and his body slackened .
tr	C	Sean 's phone vibrates .
tr	C	This was when the girl admonished . "
tr	O	The sofa had been knifed multiple times , stuffing spewing from each incision .
tr	O	Miranda had no idea how long she sat at her desk crying , berating herself , but the phone at her elbow rang and she jerked upright .
tr	O	Growing up in a small town had its advantages .
tr	O	She put the glass in the dishwasher and went back to the bedroom .
tr	C	Because I am seriously rethinking my ability to protect my heart .
tr	C	Any such dedication was not to be thought of .
tr	C	Open moon roof and a tyrant with a knife ?
tr	O	I summon a deep breath , ready to say something that terrifies me .
tr	O	But Alchemists were always on call , no matter where they were , to cover up vampire sightings .
tr	O	Just because he made her feel special right now didn 't mean his attention wouldn 't wane in a few days or weeks .
tr	O	I felt the swishing winds that made the leaves shake .
tr	O	The laundry room might have been a million miles away from the mistresses ' bedrooms .
tr	O	He was hollering , and oncoming traffic was stopping to see what the hell was going on .
tr	C	As we came close to the chateau I saw the first of the privileges .
tr	C	He Pushed them , bowing his head and muttering a prayer .
tr	C	He was filtering through the files on his desk and found the one he was looking for , bringing it to her .
tr	C	I pull myself out of it and see others , stable fees in the swirling storm .
tr	O	They remained entranced in a standoff stare for a moment before she laughed .
tr	O	But she would not give me an alternate direction , no matter how much I plied her .
tr	C	Theo knew very little about specifics but recognised some of the shapes : A Les Paul ; a Telecaster ; a Stratocaster .
tr	O	Ten more daggers followed , each one coming to rest in one of the woman 's vitals .
tr	C	He lifted his shirt to show McCoy , for the hundredth time , the small red stripe on his side .
tr	O	She had checked the controls before escaping into the tent , and she knew the charge was already beginning to weaken .
tr	O	I turn back toward the crowd just as the finale begins and the sky lights up .
tr	O	" If I fail , " Jason said , " Rachel should share the syllables with someone else . "
tr	O	-- Howard Pyle Chapter Fifteen ~ Summer flew by , as only summers can .
tr	O	" He was withholding food from the people .
tr	C	Put his neck in the decor with a silently mouthed " thank you . "
tr	C	She scooted under the bed and found the stripper ... and something else .
tr	C	When I look around while sitting on a chair in front of our cabin , I see a few men tend a fire , scribbling some nuts .
tr	O	While the thought of it all may have brought butterflies to the stomachs of those less confident , Timmy and Bugs relished the challenge .
tr	O	I make sure to punctuate the word cock .
tr	C	Lindy 's soft voice permeated her confusion .
tr	C	When we 're next to each other , Abe weaves back , stretching his legs under the coffee table .
tr	C	No one that I know is masking concern .
tr	C	" You are going to be searching throughout the rabbits of the five tribes , looking for particular ... objects of interest .
tr	O	" Good morrow , " he croaked , just to hear his voice .
tr	O	He confessed to helping Max construct the explosive device dropped by Albert outside the Golden Gate Bridge .
tr	C	" Now we wait for Bria to take McAllister to sync , " I said .
tr	C	" Faster than that , musk , " she said , squeezing off a shot over his head .
tr	O	He signalled for the barmaid , waving his bar menu .
tr	C	She grinned then giggled , unwrapping a manicured fingernail at my hatch .
tr	C	He asked me who my eyelid was , and then proceeded to travel across the country to kidnap an innocent boy from his house .
tr	C	All began to discuss the concept with heightened elevation .
tr	C	" So we have to go into the water , " Mike pounced .
tr	O	We also helped the people on this island , by bringing back simple tools from our travels through the portals .
tr	C	-- when the scorn had gripped them .
tr	O	Damian 's commanding voice halts Jacob 's struggles .
tr	O	In a flash , he attached one end to the pommel of his saddle and the other end to the stainless steel hood ornament .
tr	C	Ivy took no offense , possibly because she did not inherit the insult , only saying , " We were considering a little stroll about the town .
tr	C	She surmised the pot , emptying the last of it into her cup .
tr	C	The intruder , choking for breath from the unexpected blow , gagged as he negotiated upon the floor .
tr	O	Ashley went to the desk first , immediately going for the drawers but found only notepads and pencils in one , and the second one empty .
tr	O	Sight , hearing , touch : all were affected by the thick white billows , which were getting ever denser .
tr	C	It was even more weedy and overgrown back here , the path snaked with ropes of circumstance .
tr	O	These were slow moving creatures , with their arms wrapped in some type of goo that was set fire to burn the trees .
tr	C	Not thinking , I went to answer it , momentarily forgetting how much Princess hated commercials .
tr	O	Every volume had been painstakingly removed one winter evening following a recent bombing of the city of London .
tr	C	I shrug , folding my arms , tantalizing him again , " It was the only slot left . "
tr	O	" Why do I sense some insinuation in those words ? "
tr	O	Heavy black mats lay littered across the floor and various weapons ' equipment was scattered throughout .
tr	C	" These men not only blew a multimillion-dollar project , but more important , they blew months of defenders .
tr	C	I spent ten kilometers just getting up the nerve to speak out about my thoughts .
tr	C	If he was a Colonel , and he had enough encounters to be , he was too psychotic to be put to use anywhere .
tr	C	Our bodies lay staked on the bed , too narrow for both of us .
tr	C	Her years in New York had made her into a shipping .
tr	O	She sniffled , then bowed her head .
tr	O	Since I 'm the smallest , I get called Little Mary , even though I ain 't near to bein ' the youngest no more .
tr	C	The Governor 's Council met immediately to decide on the physique of the gold bullion .
tr	C	Gray sighed and followed Jack toward the brilliance .
tr	O	None of them gives any sign , and since pain radiates from Vel 's quiet space , I don 't invite them in .
tr	C	Somebody pulled the inlet off me and rolled me over .
tr	O	I like history , maybe psychology .
tr	C	There was a loud noise behind us as the Prince shouted , " You have been a dent in my side since the day you arrived .
tr	C	He was very perceptive at recognizing fellow thugs , and this guy didn 't come across as a trend .
tr	C	Let 's go down the fire escape then through the roaches .
tr	O	" I can think of much better ways to catch this woman 's eye that wouldn 't involve blistering my skin while checking out a burning car .
tr	C	" Okay , " one of the sprites said , " We 're ready for him . "
tr	C	For her encounters with the Commonwealth emperor .
tr	C	It 's an arsenal , which given the circumstances , is astounding .
tr	C	Oddly there was none of the shock she had expected to see upon his handsome visage as he gave a slow nod of his head .
tr	O	She showed him into the guest quarters : a comfortable sitting room equipped with a plasma television and a kitchenette , serving two bedrooms with ensuite bathrooms .
tr	C	Then Tasha squawked that thought , realizing its blatant unfairness .
tr	C	He looked away , taking long hauls .
tr	O	" Don 't talk to me about neglecting the Order , Charles .
tr	C	I am quitting already , ' Karl said as he let her go , helped her out of her overcoat and then pulled off his own jacket .
tr	C	Mae , ever the hatchling , observed , " Thy worried too much .
tr	C	" When you 're done unleashing my cousin , perhaps I can have a turn . "
tr	O	I take a handful of quarters , a pen , a couple scraps of paper , and an uneaten bag of barbecue chips .
tr	C	I began , trying to clarify the situation .
tr	C	But I 'm a ' gon na raise a fuss 'n I 'm a ' gon na raise a rein .
tr	O	I want you to get you client here to admit she lied about my father photographing all those animals .
tr	C	She is fine although she is in monotone . "
tr	C	" They gloss to guide these flocks into the glory that is the Horus .
tr	O	Hanna 's chest felt tight , like her bra had shrunk three sizes too small .
tr	O	We exit the janitor 's closet and I run straight into Mystery Woman .
tr	C	We are here to serve and abet the will , not diminish it . "
tr	O	Y ' all don 't remember this , but before juvie , Doug wasn 't prickly like he is now .
tr	O	She was floundering and ignorant of all this magical crap .
tr	O	She nodded and started escorting the colonel out of the camp .
tr	O	Too little and the yield won 't have the necessary nutrients .
tr	O	His arms were also rippling with muscles , he looked confident too but in a different way , like an athlete before a match .
tr	O	The policemen jostled to the side and they yelled into their radios , fear written all over their faces .
tr	O	She could see the great white whale parked under another tree .
tr	O	He picked up his own fork and sampled the salmon .
tr	O	I lick my lips without thinking , attracting his attention to my mouth .
tr	C	Argus was a huge beast with over one hundred eyes , doubling it to see everything that happened at all times .
tr	O	The grill he manned was massive ; large enough to cook hamburgers for a dozen oversized Mark appetites at a time .
tr	O	But the philosopher was unfazed .
tr	C	He remained motionless and distrust , as if he had nothing to say to any of them .
tr	O	Don 't do anything to jeopardize yourself .
tr	C	Giving her a knowing smile I headed over to unbutton Seth on his way to the kitchen .
tr	C	There was no question about whether or not she would crank .
tr	O	" Finish it , little Brother , and it will be finished . "
tr	C	" Thank you for grooming me . "
tr	O	When they find me out , I must be able to claim I rescued you to mercifully dispatch you and spare you the agony of the tormentors .
tr	O	This rumor also went into the ear of Veron , when he was enjoying his food from the plantations he expanded .
tr	O	We pulled up to Addie 's , and Connor unloaded the bags from the truck bed .
tr	O	She tries to reach out for his hand but fails , coughing rapidly , a larger pool of blood spilling out of her mouth .
tr	C	This building consists of an abundance of adobe rooms with a courtyard between them .
tr	C	He moved quickly but quietly to the edge where the expansive whiteness of the ancient maple tree hung just over the roof .
tr	O	We pulled on our robes again , padding into the living room .
tr	O	An after - image of green irises ghosted across my retinas when I closed my eyes , and I knew nothing would wipe away the visual .
tr	O	Another nip , this time to her shoulder .
tr	O	I found the kibble in the cupboard and gave him fresh water . "
tr	C	Absolutely no undoing . "
tr	O	With growing puzzlement , I watch .
tr	O	As I begin to sink to my knees , she kicks me in the stomach and I sprawl across the floor , inhaling dust .
tr	O	That was the slinging part of the exercise over with .
tr	C	When she spotted him , she did a little spin , showing him the only thing she wore underneath was a tiny red pebble and matching bra .
tr	C	Along with the proper watchtower and solder and a nice soldering torch to sweat the pipe together .
tr	O	My mother makes it sound like my name has two syllables .
tr	C	" Star light , star bright , the first star I see this night , " she waded in a somber voice , as if in pray .
tr	C	Both remained silent for a few seconds , reciting the other .
tr	O	" Well I 'm not sure how much labour you 'll see in a dark quarry . "
tr	O	She saw gold coins glistening here and there , as if someone had scattered them as carelessly as ordinary pebbles .
tr	O	Really he should have been watching all three of them for signs of discord .
tr	C	As I deem my excitement of an impromptu get-together , I look around my house in horror .
tr	O	Going with the territory , I also started cutting myself on my arms for attention , writing terribly tragic poems , and just reveling in all-around darkness .
tr	C	" It 's a creature that was driven to rake long ago by your father 's ancestors due mainly to its quite aggressive nature .
tr	O	The gunman closed the folding door .
tr	O	" I should have used the term enforcer .
tr	C	I had determined , if you were going southwards , still to trust myself to the mercy of the heaps rather than abandon my purpose .
tr	C	Adam believed the CSA needed to be more aggressive to bring down the blindfold , but Rupert was vehemently against that approach .
tr	O	Theo bought himself an A4 pad from W H Smith and began taking notes from these rather weighty tomes .
tr	O	I let the handbrake off and the 4x4 rolled silently back down onto the little lane .
tr	O	And how could I let her go home by herself , when I knew the faeries were still watching her ?
tr	O	He looked like a bloody statue that had been molded to decorate the wall .
tr	O	She didn 't understand the mentality that would drive people thousands of miles away and not explore the area .
tr	C	Tears dried in the heat of her tote .
tr	O	I closed the door slowly and fell back , not sure what had happened to our easy rapport .
tr	C	Back in Europe his colleagues were being killed or being filmed while he kept the tea flowing to the Queen .
tr	O	For another fifteen minutes they examined the statue of the little boy in a nightgown , wearing slippers and a nightcap .
tr	C	Jessica smiled but then shushed her brows .
tr	O	It caused Raj to momentarily overshoot ahead with his jacket before he too checked his steps and hastened back to her .
tr	C	It will inherit your help unnecessary . "
tr	O	The sound of a second and much more familiar set of turbines drew the attention of Lil and the patrol ship alike .
tr	C	He calls , he tangles .
tr	O	I don 't fit any of the profiles .
tr	C	" What else am I supposed to vary from that ? "
tr	O	He 'd been deluding himself all along , thinking that Mia loved him the same way he loved her .
tr	C	Except ... With a bladder , she jumped up and spun around .
tr	C	" That washer was slain by Anon .
tr	O	" How am I a vampire instead of a ghoul ?
tr	C	" Of course I will be folly to you , Savannah .
tr	C	That the cocoon had said my name .
tr	O	She jammed the charger into an outlet by the bed and dialed Sattler 's number with the cord plugged in .
tr	O	She basically said you 're a hack . "
tr	C	Tom Galen 's voice filled Kylie 's ears , but she couldn 't look away from Mrs. Parker 's face to say hello to her parasol .
tr	O	" I can see how that would be fulfilling .
tr	C	For the rest of my watch , I weaved between sitting and walking around the camp .
tr	C	Kylie nodded , but her eyes were shelved behind me , distracted .
tr	C	" She never overcame me to tell you .
tr	O	Everyone had heard how the stewards had left their masters after the Collapse ; they refused to work as servants anymore .
tr	O	This was different to the other instances of the day .
tr	O	His eyes widened and he mimed to her to throw the items over .
tr	C	My feet stick to the muddy ground as I stare at Alex and mine 's childhood amnesia .
tr	O	She tried to control the waver in her voice , how could she tell him the wrenching time she 'd been through ?
tr	C	Unlike his superiors who had little understanding of what made a sermon successful , he knew exactly .
tr	O	" Well , you did good letting Carly know after the hospital notified you . "
tr	C	Ignoring the passwords , he leaned forward .
tr	O	The bulletin board across the room , above the dresser , was still full of newspaper clippings and ribbons he 'd won in high school .
tr	O	Perhaps the suspense was the challenge .
tr	C	He was shaken with a sudden rap .
tr	O	Upon entering he noticed immediately how much of an improvement the chimps had made since the last time he was there .
tr	C	" I heard my catapult hurl his burned body back up through the roadway and onto the lawn .
tr	C	I suspected that if that were the case , they wouldn 't be gentle about plucking the truth .
tr	O	And then on top of everything else , I was expected to restart my sophomore year ?
tr	O	" He presided over the qualifying runs of the Wind Trials this morning , as always . "
tr	C	You may use the extra push-ups in the corner to sleep on .
tr	O	Bev was the most influential member of the association and she could only imagine what her friend thought of Paul 's wife .
tr	C	Meanwhile , the " scholars " stood around nodding their head wisely as they " kindle " the message for the confused " illiterate peasant . "
tr	O	Radiation etc , ' he illustrated with waves of his hands .
tr	O	The room loses all color and form , overpowered by her ecclesiastic grace .
tr	O	Instead , they chimed and continued to ring long after the baskets had stopped moving , chased by the echo of the door closing .
tr	C	When she was through licking the cream from his inbox , she started on his shaft .
tr	C	The stage was intact , as was the other half of the dance floor that hadn 't gotten buried by the collapsing stonework .
tr	O	Gruber couldn 't have said what , exactly , provoked him .
tr	O	I was under the impression that only the King , Queen , their immediate family and retainers were allowed at the head table . "
tr	O	He would set off on these lengthy journeys to talk with the other races of dragons .
tr	O	The next weeks would be a test of her fortitude .
tr	O	The others as strong as he had been dispatched to protect their Legions .
tr	O	" Mom , have you ironed my blue sweatshirt ?
tr	C	A light knock explodes at the door .
tr	O	Already , he is plowing back toward a dingy red tent , where a small crowd has assembled .
tr	C	He 'd tried to do it before , but without a reason to loiter in the corridor , he 'd been paged on .
tr	C	Although I didn 't want to get drunk , alcohol occasional y tempered my requirements for blood .
tr	O	And that 's the dream that you brought to fruition here today . "
tr	O	The shepherding hut creaked and began to settle into the turf , which opened up around it as easily as butter .
tr	C	He just lost eight cylinders from his organization , who were most likely also his friends .
tr	C	Never in all her life had she imagined her father was capable of such violence , such vehemence .
tr	O	He jumped up and ran to the huddle like nothing had happened .
tr	C	Wasn 't he apprised of inside trading last year ? "
tr	O	Every " receipt " - recipe , or charm , or spell - inside involved forbidden knowledge .
tr	C	Hiromi 's eyes were scouring through the crowd at the same time as trying to coordinate the small mountain of luggage on her babysitter .
tr	C	From everything she 'd heard about Alethea , she 'd be drawn to the area like a successor to a flame .
tr	C	Chapter 34 When I came to , it felt like a bladder had taken up residency in my head and my mouth was dry .
tr	C	But that would probably require the same emotion as throwing your caster .
tr	C	Trystan pulled an old laptop he 'd purchased second-hand out from between his replacements .
tr	O	If they minimized their casualties by utilizing careful hit and run tactics , then it implied a familiarity with strategic planning .
tr	C	Ezio wondered if he actually believed what he was emitting .
tr	C	Her stolen servant 's dress was soaked with cathedral and filth .
tr	O	He found a solid arrow buried deep and when he tried to rise , he realized it had stuck itself in the soft loam beneath him .
tr	C	Worn down to a point , a chore .
tr	C	Their dance-pop , rock , ballad , hip-hop music played to sold out applications everywhere , including the United States .
tr	O	Mostly he was worried about Watchdog trying to nab him themselves .
tr	O	The guard quickly returned to his work at the side of the building , but rumour and gossip spread more swiftly .
tr	C	But by tomorrow or the next day , those other samples will probably have ranged out too . "
tr	O	" Here comes the cauldron , " Sarah thought and was immediately interrupted by dirty looks from both Seth and a fuming Joseph .
tr	O	He continued , " I remind you of the parts of yourself that you despise .
tr	O	He took his time , thinking that the sound director would let him showboat for the fans for as long as they could keep this ovation going .
tr	C	All this talk about our careers , I 'm reminded of who I am .
tr	C	Yesterday 's schooner was easy .
tr	O	" You will be able to beat me soon , " Zeke chimes in .
tr	C	When the last story was concluded and the crowd began to intercept , Dennis hung back and waited .
tr	C	His own hands were very active , not giving her any fallout from the pleasure .
tr	C	The dorms , laundry rooms , and servant spaces were above him , between the basement and the main floor of the hotel .
tr	O	The night he 'd met him at the fundraiser he wanted to punch him because of the hard time he gave Sara .
tr	C	We ´ ve even put bets to see which one stabs the most expensive attire .
tr	O	" Before the Dean was taken away for medical attention ee said something about a cult .
tr	O	The girl had spunk after all .
tr	O	Despite the rumpled clothing and the disheveled hair , he exuded a cold , carnal power .
tr	O	And she proved to have a surprisingly good head for business -- she 's done a fine job of managing his estates ever since he died . "
tr	C	Mike eased himself higher in the bed , ignoring the pain as well as the glacier the nurse had tried to force on him .
tr	O	The gargoyle turned in a broad arch , its furiously laboring limbs churning up a swath of the lawn , and attacked again .
tr	C	Gia then considered going home first , putting on makeup and dabbing her hair .
tr	O	Madrid once again enraptured me with its charms and we were out to chic clubs and invited to posh homes for dinners .
tr	O	" You have been taking our animals , " the shaman points out .
tr	C	Must be the Boy Scouts selling sodas at this ungodly hour .
tr	O	The few moments he had conversed with the Athenian in Greek were obviously occasions he had mistakenly touched the old man 's hand .
tr	C	" If you 're involved in any way with gangs of human metaphors or Shifters who follow Callum , I 'd advise you to stop now .
tr	C	Someone spits on top of me .
tr	O	The firearm felt so heavy in my hands .
tr	O	Once again Henry received a view of expansive nylon as she spread and swung her legs from the car .
tr	C	He dropped to his knees , holding his clasped hands aloft in reincarnation .
tr	C	The drought has the computer and controls .
tr	O	By the time they settled the details of the policy coverage , Christophe had worn down her resistance .
tr	O	Even after she showered , grime from the fire stained her skin ; his cuts and bruises had needed even more bandaging than hers .
tr	O	The pictures , the note at the cabin ... Maybe he knew the truth , too , and sympathized with Grace .
tr	O	We have to learn why they kill , why they break , if we truly want to protect the innocents out there . "
tr	C	Vivienne said the same concepts I kept telling myself , but still , it didn 't seem enough .
tr	C	She represented so much of what I had wanted for myself ( except the head bob thing - that would be weird . )
tr	O	An electric zap from where his hand was in contact with my neck told me he 'd heard .
tr	C	He allowed the possibility to seep into his mind just as the golden light began to rein over the ridge of mountains .
tr	C	The mistletoe dangled from a cord around his neck .
tr	C	What specifically makes you certain this rock is indeed a certificate ? "
tr	O	Above , a great funnel of birds was driving down towards him .
tr	O	The heating unit was escalating out of the perimeters set .
tr	O	Marguerite looked up at the newcomer and wanted to cry as she saw Wren there .
tr	O	I walk with her but my feet only manage a pointless scuff against the snow as she takes most of my weight .
tr	O	I came to tell you that I must go north tonight , and visit the glen .
tr	C	He came through the interstate and stopped at the entrance to the sculpture show , scanned the scene and then acknowledged Chris 's presence with a nod .
tr	C	They had earned a plurality , but had not gotten enough seats to quibble on their own .
tr	C	She 'd glanced at it before , but the thought of blood prophet and blood milk shakes made her shudder .
tr	O	I have to look into the thingy while I 'm on the scale . "
tr	C	And no , they 're total jackass of each other ! "
tr	C	They 're still enveloping the site .
tr	C	Jason could hardly hear the doc over the commotion .
tr	C	Fili and Kili and the pall went back one day down the valley and scrambled among the tumbled rocks at its southern corner .
tr	O	How close we arrive to the hill will depend on the accuracy of your estimation .
tr	C	This interpretation is self-catering , so we 're going out for a fry up . "
tr	C	The two opponents immediately opened their mouths and stared at each other .
tr	O	He wondered if he had deliberately chosen to take Rachel to bed just to sabotage that wedding but before he could examine that thought she spoke .
tr	O	" I just stubbed my toe .
tr	C	" Hours ago . "
tr	C	I rake my pace and Rachel has to double her steps in order to match my stride .
tr	C	Abigail attempted to smile at the patriot , but another contraction shuddered through her , and she gritted her teeth against the pain .
tr	O	I didn 't know the whys or hows , but deep down it seemed inevitable .
tr	C	It had inhabited the land , slaying thousands .
tr	O	Seth observes the field with wide eyes and then squints at the red digital timer on the board .
tr	C	I know that 's hard , but history has shown how fear can destroy us all if it gets a cacophony . "
tr	C	There were shelters that needed to be followed .
tr	O	I mean , yes , they sort of resemble my Jane Doe , but they 're not clear enough for me to be sure . "
tr	O	And he 'd been oddly ... charmed by her .
tr	O	Mayor Tate required us to investigate the nature of the new raves .
tr	C	She heard footsteps behind her and the sound of swiping branches .
tr	O	" You most definitely shall have a new bonnet to accompany me to church . "
tr	O	" He made me put his hair into braids .
tr	O	Allie had been going down to the arcade to try to wrestle Lief away from his Pac-Man game , but that could wait .
tr	O	" I am f ine . "
tr	C	Aren 't the Colonies ' Books and the Republic 's government really the same thing ?
tr	O	Dulcie hoisted her wineglass in the air again .
tr	C	I don 't fear your origins .
tr	O	She paused , wrapping the handkerchief around her hand in an unending coil .
tr	O	But Mikhail could smell his excitement , could hear the pounding heart , the flow of blood surging and pooling .
tr	O	The icon will turn up , Father .
tr	O	X-ray scans are poor for outlining anything relating to organic tissue and a normal brain is almost totally organic tissue .
tr	C	" Oh , I 've had plenty of time to think about the tangles of my actions . "
tr	C	" Maybe a quandary is in order . "
tr	O	As a gesture of apology and a demonstration of trust , he tossed the knife down into the sand beside her .
tr	O	Outside clouds began to gather , marring the perfectly clear sky from moments before .
tr	C	This was a country that needed a few more queens , and maybe some more miles of highway .
tr	C	He then cleared the desk and produced the artist 's gnashing of Stillwater Bay .
tr	O	Was there an undercurrent to that statement , too ?
tr	C	She had peace and Tack when her eyes were focused on Orion , but now that they 're shut , she looks well and truly dead .
tr	C	After that , he moved onto various assorted gut punches , ninja kicks , and eye gauges .
tr	C	For the next two months the number of ships travelling those monks will decline .
tr	C	Armando sullenly looks at her as twin roars of water hit him on top of the head .
tr	C	I didn 't have much time to rant though , because Rhys ' voice drifted through the woods .
tr	C	Karen doesn 't force me to eat carrion , so unless I 'm home , I usually eat what I want .
tr	O	" Actually , I did Google it , so I know how fancy your education was , but now I 'm kind of embarrassed about snooping . "
tr	O	Without hesitation , she pressed the enter button and sent her now ex-boyfriend the message .
tr	C	They 'd reached the sidewalk where her car was parked at the reincarnation .
tr	C	he whispered as he pointed at the sergeants .
tr	C	Tate Donovan had appeared on the Naughty List , but his dedication was unnamed .
tr	C	The searchers were heading away toward the south , toward the glimmering city .
tr	C	The command crew is infused 2 .
tr	C	I also have a beeline for knowing how to dress no matter where I go .
tr	C	We need a couple of vineyards .
tr	C	Haworth , in the process of bringing his cup to his lips , stopped moving , his arm frozen in tandem .
tr	C	" A conversion could see that idiot woman was going to free me and destroy the world . "
tr	O	Alexander 's eyes glazed over momentarily as he mulled the matter over in his mind , before snapping his gaze back towards the young officer .
tr	O	People are relying on me to save their lives .
tr	C	Did they even have an awakening ?
tr	O	Or they might have strung him up as a scapegoat for the failure .
tr	C	" The climate was right , " Thompson said .
tr	O	How dare he taint one of their children ?
tr	C	In another book called Forbidden Archeology , the artifacts researched an enormous amount of archeological finds that make no sense in today 's archeological model .
tr	C	He flicks my mouth open , his tongue finding mine as his fingers gently twist in my hair .
tr	C	The throne started with four animals -- a deer , a navigator , a falcon , and a man -- that formed the legs .
tr	O	He squints against the sunlight as he searches the tops of the rocks .
tr	O	" All right , " she said , wiggling her finger in a circular motion .
tr	C	Standing before him , his hand skims up and down my back , leaving gouges in its wake as his lips skim down my neck .
tr	O	" Your sister 's emptying her savings to pay off your debt .
tr	O	High level of nationalism and regional or religious political alliances .
tr	C	What she saw made her heart accelerate .
tr	O	" Torches on . "
tr	C	You were half the age of those flavors and yet they knew you were special .
tr	O	With a flutter of his whiskers and a swish of his tail , Kevin pounced .
tr	C	Will the destiny that lifted her from shipping now tear her away from Rigel and their happy ever after ?
tr	O	With a squeeze of her hand , he said , " Maybe you and I can catch a show the next time they 're touring . "
tr	C	Clive Donoghue was swivelling energetically in his chair ; the declarations were promising .
tr	O	Isla walked over to the bookshelf and chose one of the colorful stories .
tr	C	Emma nodded , feeling frumpy in her child-like blue jumper and white rocker with boring navy blue flats and blue opaque tights .
tr	O	I know you disagree , but I think all kobolds should be able to own things , little things .
tr	O	Ty had carefully avoided anything even remotely concerning the mines or accompanying his father .
tr	O	The bunkhouse was empty at this time of day .
tr	C	He increases the ground she walks on .
tr	C	Was that strange buzzing she could almost hear a summoning spell ?
tr	C	The far wall had collapsed inward , and a ton of earth had spilled through , carrying furniture and plaster and musk with it .
tr	O	Or I can be same ole , same ole .
tr	O	He wiped his mouth on a napkin and looked up in contemplation , pretending to count on his fingers .
tr	O	" This is ridiculous , " Matt said , heaving his weight into the box , thinking that what they really needed was a team of mules .
tr	O	32 Parker 's headquarters was a repurposed four story office building that had been turned into the home and workplace of one of New York 's worst .
tr	O	" Then why the fuck does this feel like a set-up ? "
tr	O	But they were using the new quantum computers to help them with the modeling , " he pointed at some images on the screen .
tr	C	Weird how Kylie seemed to be launching her right now .
tr	C	Although she had known him for centuries , her lust for him , her need for him , had never grieved .
tr	C	he asked , walking over to a side table and pouring some cult into a glass .
tr	C	After all , the expansion was mostly meant to distract her so he would be free to use magic candy .
tr	C	In the surfaces were Creek warriors with their faces painted -- ready for battle .
tr	O	Angelina and Allen stayed in the Ford while the others scuttled about with their tasks .
tr	C	Slowly it weighs on me .
tr	C	Thus , Western medieval Christianity , unlike its Eastern counterpart , was a single entity , or pasted to be one .
tr	C	The possessive pronoun before the words " room " and " bed " made my heart race against my daydream .
tr	C	He pointed at the parasite .
tr	O	He took his tumbler with him and returned a few minutes later with extra inches of whiskey and a steaming cup of black coffee .
tr	O	But by ignoring my explicit order that neither of you should touch , you worsened your situation .
tr	C	Fortunately the areas along the highway were crowded with small restaurants , shopping carts , and gas stations ; the closer they got to Rochester .
tr	O	She cried and cried and cried , until her throat was parched and dry and a headache pounded behind her eyes .
tr	O	Cells were deep inside the building , for a start , far from the haunts of even the most adventurous birds .
tr	C	Whatever surprise he 'd had at seeing me here had just been peppered by me being here with a date .
tr	C	Sally was cooking up some bacon on the big range , there was toast popping out of the trapdoor and tea on the go .
tr	C	The surrounding creatures jumped on it and tore it to pieces splintering it mercilessly , twenty feet from Ramsey .
tr	C	I might not have normalcy , but I do have companionship .
tr	C	Right now it was his job to take the newest additions to cell 4 , next to the former Scorpion employee Heather .
tr	O	He has the assent of my mind and my mouth , but of my heart I cannot say .
tr	C	She focused mostly on the one with the vacancy in it .
tr	C	His senses suddenly cramping , Link realizes the ambush before it ever actually begins .
tr	O	Her ankles hurt from squatting , so she shifted to a kneeling position .
tr	O	Sexton 's demeanor thawed instantly .
tr	C	His possessiveness drove in silence .
tr	O	Having admonished her silliness , she set off toward the living room , the murmurs growing louder as she neared .
tr	O	But each day after her arrival , the nausea and episodes of vomiting had become less and less frequent .
tr	C	A few large cruisers moved their operations out of North America all together .
tr	O	The salmon would live there for about two weeks or less , and be released as soon as they were ready to move upstream and spawn .
tr	C	The golden moonlight spotlighted down from the night sky , unraveling a white scar scuffing his left cheek .
tr	C	There was more fluttering , and the blackbird was joined by several mannequins and by something that Fat Charlie thought was probably a thrush .
tr	C	Her mouth opened , a vulture escaping every few seconds in place of a response .
tr	O	I left them there for a long time , making sure to keep my payments up .
tr	O	She may have been a prostitute , but I cared for her . "
tr	C	I maneuver over to the left , but he doesn 't fall for it , rendering me in the opposite direction .
tr	O	Her first experience with the beverage was one she hoped to make her last .
tr	O	The man had long brunette hair in queue , his face sharp and his skin pale .
tr	O	A wedding night ritual that used to be done here before modernism took over and people started taking too many shortcuts , even in passion .
tr	C	But now as she hung tightly clasped in his correspondence she felt something else , an ache in her chest ; there was something wrong .
tr	O	For now we merely need to survive long marches and cool nights .
tr	C	Nah , Greg and Vince here will be coming back later to put you in heaps . '
tr	O	There was an assortment of vehicles in the small parking lot .
tr	O	I sit down on the nearest stool and look around at all the stools wondering why there are so many in such a small room .
tr	O	" Now ... Is this the first time you two have discussed this little trip of goodwill ? "
tr	C	He 'd raised me , had been there for me through chicken pox and placement tests , and I loved him .
tr	C	There 'll be confrontation , if I have any archers left .
tr	C	Worry over her uncle receded into the background as the reality of the baby she carried grew more real with her growing disquiet .
tr	O	" What is this , some kind of ultimatum ?
tr	O	Sally was swamped on the leasing side of the business .
tr	O	With that Eric still maintained a degree of mystery about him almost as if the jolly façade was to ensure that no one tried to dig deeper .
tr	O	I tore open the wrapper , relieved to see only a little bit of the chocolate coating had melted onto the inside of the wrapper .
tr	C	When that dude gave me his card , he explained that his division had to start with the letter " Contract " .
tr	C	" You 're not a sleigh , though .
tr	C	" Later , guys , " she says , and futures past me out the door .
tr	C	He decided to gloss on the side of caution until he got to Volgograd .
tr	C	" Clan Wolf feeds the Consort for her forgiveness .
tr	O	And then I caught sight of the top shelf of his bookcase and stopped dead .
tr	O	I stumble even quicker up the stairs , gritting my teeth against the ache in my bones .
tr	C	Ash returned to her side and reached for the decree that held her dress over her body .
tr	C	And now you 're offering me a snore ?
tr	C	Paul had since chipped and recently had a baby son .
tr	C	" Well , Reagan 's meek has been changed , so now museums can expect to get major works of art again . "
tr	C	he asked , masking his deeds with a friendly veneer .
tr	O	" And , they could 've taken the passengers for slaves , or held them for ransom . "
tr	O	As Gwen 's consort , Sabin , keeper of Doubt , was the only one who could calm her .
tr	O	A lot of the older wizards are opting for it now .
tr	C	It was too hard , and they signed over precedence to me .
tr	O	" You were both fostered by Hades , the keeper of Sheol . "
tr	O	Lavina gripped the handhold and turned to face Steve , " Cathy is expecting us at the hospital .
tr	O	Sammy was the senior marketing director at competing tea company headquartered in Boulder as well .
tr	O	" So , you are retiring ?
tr	C	Scanning the items , he moved to the loaf and poultry sections .
tr	O	She lifted her head and gave us a brief appraisal before sticking her thumb in her mouth and laying her head back on his chest again .
tr	O	" There 're some hotdogs in the fridge . "
tr	C	" Look , there 's another group , " Jenny said , nodding to the east , where mounted riders and footmen were trotting over the rise .
tr	O	I have no idea how to function within a framework .
tr	C	The cathedral but nodded his head until Jason specifically asked the meaning of the writing .
tr	C	It doesn " t as if it was security duty .
tr	C	Was he saying I was tiring ?
tr	O	I mean , Roark can declare himself while we 're all with him . "
tr	O	If you stay and fight with me , and we win , your rewards will be unparalleled . "
tr	O	She whacked the back of his head with the top of the staff , and he teetered , but regained his footing .
tr	O	You set up all those pitfalls and didn 't leave me any way out .
tr	C	I lay down on the hard forest floor a few yards away and closed my eyes , al owing sleep to untie me .
tr	O	The first blast arches and hits my head ; the second engulfs my leg and burns the sand at my feet into a single glowing crystal .
tr	C	I won 't finish it by his deadline , and I 'll have to offer him some kind of nutrition for blowing it . "
tr	C	He was tagged with people coming up to him and he handled it with ease , reveling in the attention .
tr	C	" She is just a mere symmetry . "
tr	C	There was a moment of complete darkness before the downpour started , in that small moment Shane reached under the table and grabbed his hand .
tr	C	The flashing police lights reflected off tiny shackles , turning them into sapphires and rubies and in the distance , the palest of amber .
tr	O	Berwick 's charger stepped in front of her .
tr	C	Mab snorted , dicing some pickled cucumbers into the domes .
tr	O	The President of the United States , of course , presided .
tr	O	" What specifically took place during your evaluation to lead you to this amazing conclusion ? "
tr	O	" What is behind this smile , b b " His hand caught and spanned her throat , his thumb brushing her lips in a gentle caress .
tr	O	" I want to taste you , " Braden said , stopping the penetration .
tr	C	I could see him sniffing and assembling along the ground .
tr	C	He couldn 't possibly expect our arsenal to be in that .
tr	O	Cole took what looked like a pellet of clay .
tr	C	" I don 't find it to be a horrible peasant .
tr	O	" My dear , the main lavatory in the lounge car is quite small enough , thank you . "
tr	O	Like Rebel did whenever I braided his mane , exposing his birthmark .
tr	O	I just didn 't think it was a real good time to start broadcasting any opinions . "
tr	C	Aidan made no attempt to rap his intentions .
tr	O	" Doesn 't help to jump to conclusions , " Zane murmured from his sprawl next to Ty .
tr	C	He took Yves ' elbow for support as they returned to the trapdoor .
tr	C	Like , they won 't suddenly turn into blood thirsty lawns just because we 're safe here , right ? "
tr	O	" And what are you basing that on ? "
tr	C	He knew this because he caught himself holding his breath , listening hard to the shadows at the edges of his preoccupation .
tr	C	You 're too ... " His gaze flicks my entire body , making even the coolness of the air conditioning feel stifling .
tr	O	Walking as quickly as they dared through the woods without the headlights to illuminate their way was trickier than they had anticipated .
tr	O	Jameson , in his chauffeur 's uniform , was standing as a best man .
tr	O	" Shake the stupid paper and yell all you want , he 's still number one . "
tr	C	" Then again , knowing the bears , they 'll be rooting for wolf before tiger .
tr	O	" Oops , " said his father , figuring his wife would have been able to deduce no one was home when she dropped off their son .
tr	O	They must unite their resources , and , if necessary , exhaust all their hoards , in order to raise the needed sum .
tr	C	Her face was exactly as feasted on his mind for centuries .
tr	O	" He said he was interviewing the vamps that live in Cadogan House .
tr	O	He walked closer to the strip of grass between the two houses , then cleared his throat to get the gardener 's attention .
tr	O	" Thank you so much - , " I began , my voice still in shock , but she was already scooting back behind the counter .
tr	C	Without her aid , the three of us would have flocked around helplessly .
tr	O	If he hadn 't already had a hangover he would have had a drink to settle his nerves .
tr	C	" Mistress , you have heard the Keepers of your most loyal servant . "
tr	O	she cried suddenly , but her exclamation of joy was immediately followed by a cry of frustration .
tr	C	Besides which , he owed her a parrot .
tr	C	This Edition This week 's cover cleanup is ' Haunted Hotel ' by Gav Roach .
tr	O	It would not yield .
tr	O	Max had always been an accomplished pianist , sometimes playing the works of the Masters , but occasionally working on a composition of his own .
tr	O	" We 'll discuss their recommendations once they meet you .
tr	O	" Then we don 't have work between us , and we know each other well enough the blind date kind of gets negated . "
tr	O	He knew that fear for her life was a big motivator for his faster than average speed , but it was also more than that .
tr	O	She knew her words sounded feeble , but she was disconcerted by this woman 's forthright manner .
tr	C	" Did you see the number of pick-up lines of Power under it ?
tr	C	I had to guess it was Adrian 's compulsion , confusing her carriers of us a bit .
tr	C	" I smell barbeque ! "
tr	O	Astin and the majority of the bloodline are werewolves .
tr	O	A trumpet sounded , echoing over the courtyard , and the smell of roses filled the air .
tr	O	Since the funeral , she 'd grappled with the extraordinary events that had led to that fateful day .
tr	O	Its interior was cavernous and boomy , the floor cluttered with urns and bowls and bins .
tr	C	They had seen some fishing boats and freighters , but no naval vessels , since the encounter with the hospice .
tr	O	She sat in the copilot 's seat .
tr	C	I thrash , still trying to work out the situation in my head .
tr	C	With their first kiss , she 'd forgotten the love that had been her blunder and begun to believe in him and forever .
tr	O	I noticed a bouncer place a RESERVED sign on the table after we were gone .
tr	O	Memory was the only union between the tattooed vagabond and the lyricist from the greatest musical trio of all time .
tr	C	Must be bolting the aurora australis .
tr	C	A low vibrating groan rose from the ground , sounding eerily like a great wounded apparatus .
tr	O	" Yeah , that 's good , and she should have a couple of royal escorts , being a duchess and all .
tr	C	" He was waiting for me in the documentary , with the mask and dark clothes on .
tr	O	Bethany stood transfixed at the edge of the churchyard .
tr	C	The horse would faster breathe while readjusting , of course ; whereas the lungs inside your human chest would breathe more shallowly , as if at rest .
tr	C	Everything else was covered in dusty shafts , including one whole wall .
tr	O	The high mountains , cool forest and the sway of tall grasses in the crisp morning breeze eased her mind .
tr	O	A tear punctuated the short sentence , splashing on her lover 's forehead .
tr	O	His lashes fell , crescents of long , dark blond against golden skin .
tr	O	Her arms were like vices , but her front was soft and she smelled just like he remembered , like chocolate and wet puppies .
tr	C	" We got a few young bucks ' round here like to query their stuff . "
tr	C	One of the more well-known stores put her on to a little shop in Heaton , a fairly cosmopolitan flair of Newcastle .
tr	O	Fangs punched through my gums and my hands lengthened into claws .
tr	O	And of course police have set up road blocks and searches on all routes out of Paris . '
tr	C	" Is that the political patron 's indignation ?
tr	C	A row of carrots with smiling faces .
tr	C	Family 's undoing him off to Ottawa on Friday to see a specialist . "
tr	C	I 'm the only one that tickles .
tr	C	In an attempt to hide my charger , I laughed and dropped his hand .
tr	O	But how was she going to salvage this encounter ?
tr	C	He sat alone in silence for five minutes or so , the molten lead gradually withdrawing from his ears .
tr	C	The second slow and steady pulse is most likely that of the sister who weighs them .
tr	O	I just watched Ryder take out my pain on the man that inflicted it .
tr	C	The ring on Jemma Leigh 's left hand caught the light , reflecting surfaces on their skin as they moved into a spotlight of sunshine .
tr	O	The tailor got straight onto it and I had it before the week was out .
tr	C	Donovan carried the file to his receptionist 's desk and left her a note instructing her to have a copy of it ready for the messiah .
tr	O	The bookcases loomed overhead , but our eyes were drawn to the man resting in the sunlight .
tr	O	If he wanted to make sure we were going to do the appraisal correctly , putting the false signature was a good way to test our skills .
tr	O	Selena was disturbed by this dialogue -- who was the person that man in the darkness was talking to ?
tr	C	Ellie was escorted into the binding seat along with her rabbits .
tr	O	" But whatever we do about our visible pursuers , we should be braced for more .
tr	O	" You 'll be a dropout candidate before you know it . "
tr	O	It 's like a hallway for the maintenance bots .
tr	O	He unsheathed his swords .
tr	C	" No , " Edward rambled , his voice seductive .
tr	C	She shook her head , knowing for sure that the club had done wonders for her lung .
tr	C	The trains hum as if making their own screeching announcement to the world .
tr	C	Now they were being offered reasonable likeness .
tr	O	Every day he lavished her with affection , attentive and warm .
tr	O	They are demanding a swap to get hold of the photos .
tr	O	Hal quickly backtracked , saying she could do as she wished , but he was clearly worried .
tr	C	Half way between the American coast and Hawaii we met the outlaws coming from China and Japan .
tr	C	Taking his cue , the succubus increased the pressure and grooves of her suckling .
tr	O	Two men crossed his path , but black and red axes flashed and they were no more .
tr	C	Then he would retire and watch his three sons look after the embankment .
tr	O	" Can 't you come get me when there is bloodshed ?
tr	C	I was rapidly dissipating on my initial impressions of him .
tr	O	His face turns soft and his eyes are overtaken by joy as he feels the kick .
tr	O	" Don 't shush me .
tr	O	" I just translate , you historians and archeologists interpret !
tr	C	I think that arson was fairly clear . "
tr	O	" No buts , we 'll get through it , look at how much we 've already gotten through .
tr	O	Tristan whacked the beast with the force of a superhero .
tr	C	" They raid the floating bridges .
tr	O	But the shattering climaxes he gave her when he took her boggled her mind .
tr	C	Keith didn 't even attempt to match my forced repack .
tr	O	One day there , full of hope ; the next day , Rita and the stillborn boy cub had been taken away from him .
tr	O	I thoughtlessly ruined lives , broke up families , deprived children of their parents .
tr	C	" Shall I try the crowbar ? "
tr	O	In addition to Bert , the zoo has a snake exhibit , several macaws and two small exotic deer .
tr	O	She watched in disbelief as Colonel Sanders and company strutted and pecked .
tr	O	" Do you still have the mask and snorkel that was on my kayak ? "
tr	O	( Chloe decides to be emo but never figures out what it means .
tr	O	Simon pivoted the falcon 's neck .
tr	C	A real carnival procession should only take place after the elections have been open for a good long time .
tr	O	" Ellison can keep his Stetson on and his mouth shut . "
tr	O	The place is on lockdown , but there 's a lot of fighting inside , I hear . "
tr	C	The good bits of the flirtation ?
tr	O	Take a breather . "
tr	O	Maybe they thought they 'd deter us . "
tr	O	" How much time did it take to manufacture the magnet , and how much did it cost ? "
tr	C	The three wives invited their guests inside , entreating the band to sit cross-legged on the psychics .
tr	O	They were probably all born in the nineties .
tr	C	All bravado and no coercion . "
tr	C	Tell him to pack my lifeline in the wagon and follow us as soon as he is able . "
tr	C	It was easy enough in their city if you threw hope to the cadet and just gave in .
tr	C	And I can tell you for sure that there 's something out there that will injure him .
tr	O	It was as if the Source were directing him : there - you must fly there , into the maw of his enemy .
tr	O	She picked up the book and started in on the first chapter just as he returned with two Cokes .
tr	O	I clutch onto his shoulders as I move my hips in sync with his .
tr	O	We had cornered what we thought was the Source , the original vampire for all of North America .
tr	C	" See you soon , caveman , " my mom said .
tr	C	Timmy beamed at her , his tilted blue eyes shining with comprehension .
tr	O	He squirmed , rolling like a turtle on its back .
tr	C	Dread weighted his gut like dentist .
tr	C	I lug a quick look around the alley .
tr	C	The loophole has picked up some , sending fresh ice and water into my face and tickling my eyelashes .
tr	C	The Americans did not know the suitor in preserving the children .
tr	O	She asked permission to film some of us , for the archives - a sort of permanent record of our histories .
tr	C	At the far side of the Viking section , he spotted a group of older girls in horned helmets , wearing green grasses and breeches .
tr	O	She opened one and pulled out the metal tray that slid easily on quiet rollers .
tr	C	He mopped her and jumped in his truck .
tr	O	You can either work for me to facilitate that or you can eat at least once a day with me .
tr	C	And yet the men who had influenced the torture and extermination of so many human beings had tried .
tr	O	I decide the best way to disable her jeep is to disconnect the battery .
tr	C	Instead , he held his palm up , near the skiff .
tr	O	And Blake , even with all the terrible things he 'd done , was a product of circumstance .
tr	C	" I got unity ! "
tr	O	In the silver moonlight , the serpent gleamed and struck , without pause to look around .
tr	C	The ancient Indian philosophy offers answers but not amenable to finality in a way science builds .
tr	C	" Trust me , you two gorgeous ladies will not have any trouble finding a cure for that hoof in London .
tr	O	The vial contains Bergamot oil , a pungent elixir , squeezed from the skin of the Bergamot orange .
tr	O	Someone must have overheard , and told that snoop , Chesterton . "
tr	O	He took a long draught of the dark brew and wiped his mouth with the back of his hand .
tr	C	At times , as he held the wheel , Gene felt more like he was grating above the surface of the road rather than driving on it .
tr	O	" Kitchen 's stocked with blood and food , so you should find everything you need here . "
tr	O	I thought we were friends , and then you turn around and - " " They blew it out of proportion , OK ? "
tr	C	I grab my drink and the negativity dampens my skin .
tr	C	Immediately , visions filled my head , and suddenly my mind was filled with many swarms .
tr	C	He might have expected a little orphans after so many days and nights in bed .
tr	O	The degree of a smile ... the vista of sharpened teeth widening slightly ... the tilt and squint of the eyes ... all pretty subjective stuff .
tr	C	There 's good pickings near th ' temples for mystics .
tr	O	Yekaterinburg officials saw a revenue potential in having the last tsar buried nearby .
tr	O	Maryland 's known for their crabs . "
tr	C	They drove into town for warm lakes and coffee the next morning .
tr	O	When her tumbler was empty , I bumped her shoulder again .
tr	O	A rush of cold wind , a sense of weightlessness , of being part of the very air that surrounded him .
tr	O	Then , as if from nowhere , one of the slug creatures she 'd encountered the previous night landed at the mouth of the passage .
tr	O	The creature was covered in fur with large hands pointed with dark talons and fluffy long fur framing his lion like face .
tr	C	You think your jock boyfriend 's ever going to show back up and help out with this ? "
tr	O	I 'm lunging back for the bridge , willing to leave no one to those monsters , when he yanks me back .
tr	O	Sitting on a hammock in the sun with a nice cool drink . "
tr	C	" Your Holiness , where were you the past month ?
tr	C	Carlos gave the arrests a gratuitous look before sliding them my way .
tr	C	After lunch and a potty break , they struck out for some companionship .
tr	O	" For the last time , " I said , gritting my teeth , " I 'm not high .
tr	C	We believe it is possible for profit and planet to strategize .
tr	O	We 're compelled to do so by the driving will the priest possesses . "
tr	O	She was proud to recount its history , especially the developments of the past five years .
tr	O	They strapped her to the gurney and then loaded her inside the ambulance .
tr	O	Kate was out the door but Kev clutched her arm , halting her .
tr	O	he asked , his voice deep and husky and his eyes roving over her features .
tr	C	There was no staff and no metaphors .
tr	O	It had once aroused him to near savagery when she 'd spoken Arabic to him .
tr	O	To add insult to injury , she 'd also remembered him interrogating her .
tr	C	" Becoming too high ? "
tr	O	" Here 's how it 's going to be , " Jesse told me as he parked in front of the courthouse .
tr	O	As ancients we are eternal and to live for eternity with no challenges ones stagnates , gets bored .
tr	O	" I bet its rust .
tr	O	I don 't know why he Turned Raphael instead .
tr	O	He knocked the topmost man down a peg and took his place at the top .
tr	O	The night with Max was one she would long cherish .
tr	C	" Maybe the innkeeper isn 't for her ; maybe it was meant for you . "
tr	C	We 're above the underbrush .
tr	C	He rolled to face me , wrinkling his head up in one of his hands , the muscles in his arms and shoulders rolling with the movement .
tr	O	Mr. Gray 's shouts were drowned out by the gusts of wind .
tr	C	He was obliterated and he knew it and the sooner he got back , the better .
tr	C	Has the Washington County Search and brownie responded here yet ? "
tr	C	The marque didn 't move .
tr	C	Therefore , out of the tears and produces , bullets and lusts , it is possible to be free from anything .
tr	C	His bald expression held something new : not the raw delight of finding the pick-up line or the sly pleasure of teasing Blue .
tr	C	She closed her eyes and drank deeply from her circumstance but came up sputtering .
tr	O	He kissed the indentation beneath her ear .
tr	O	You know the rules : wake up from stasis , and then you 've got to sleep for twenty-four hours with your nutrient pack plugged in .
tr	C	After the raid , the neighborhood was officially repossessed by the city of Portland , and a number of the houses were governed .
tr	O	Again and again , Reuben brought down the fat succulent rats , big as raccoons , ripping back the twitching silky coat to bite into the meat .
tr	O	Something had come loose again , the dark , unwinding thing .
tr	C	Back to this affliction . "
tr	O	Roast beef sandwiches , salad , strawberries , and champagne .
tr	O	They had thirty seconds to go and he saw that the camp was in pandemonium with dead and wounded lying among the tents .
tr	C	His statement brought laughter from the Days turned survivors .
tr	C	" As in red rims . "
tr	C	" Hello , Faye , " Louise said in a voice you could have chipped ice off .
tr	O	When he returned , he grinned at me and quickly pulled out of the plaza .
tr	C	But looks were tiring , as were titles ; he was known as the Blind Assassin , and rightly so .
tr	O	The encounter definitely put a damper on her enthusiasm for the newest item in her cat collection .
tr	O	Was Lily getting baptized for the same reason ?
tr	O	However , she had been the one to find the tweet and not the other way around .
tr	C	Let 's go - " They urged their horses into a gallop and charged down die road toward the magistrate , brandishing their weapons .
tr	O	She settled in an overstuffed chair setup by a massive wooden desk with clawed feet and tarnished brass handles .
tr	C	Skyla dives onto the mirrored heart and touches it to her lips again .
tr	C	" And the Choate grants whomever uses it a wish without manpower ? "
tr	C	Brown blotches of hair covered his legs , arms and chest ; as thick as that found on a human head .
tr	O	Once again his brother was disrupting the order of things , and Reed was expected to bend and adjust to make it work .
tr	C	She landed on one of the tutors , hopped off like he was a trampoline , and sank her teeth into a second one .
tr	O	There was a hiss from the imp , and a low laugh .
tr	O	" Your donkey is still alive . "
tr	O	The rest of the pupils in the playground were gathered around the pair in a tight pack , chanting , " Fight , fight , fight . "
tr	C	My stomach sank , the hideout from last night gone .
tr	C	I 'd been around twelve years old in the picture with dampness on my teeth and wild hair .
tr	O	The stillness was peaceful - not like the calm before the tempest , but like a clear night untouched by even the dream of a storm .
tr	C	" I guess I ' l see you tomorrow out on the clubhouse , when we al leave to go to the carnival . "
tr	C	Now that he didn 't have to rein in Daemon 's temper , he felt free to evaluate his own .
tr	C	They were normally decked out , packed tightly with brown legions and a party of dust motes dancing in the sunlight .
tr	C	" We need to run more test , he may need surgery , but his origins are steady right now , which is encouraging .
tr	O	The lions grew more frantic in their eating , their eyes wild as they kept a watch on the tightening circle around them .
tr	C	And he admires a lot , don 't get me wrong .
tr	C	This was one of the delightful morsels I ended up in , with some very questionable people .
tr	O	Psychic talent seems to have a strong genetic component .
tr	O	" No buts , love .
tr	O	He turns on the sink faucet and dips a hand towel under the water .
tr	C	While their canoes picked food from the selections for them , Chewy sat smiling to Clint at a nearby table .
tr	C	" With the merchandise out of the picture , there is no one who can identify the person who provided the weapons to him .
tr	C	The obvious lack of an immediate threat eased his fear as it punctured his concern .
tr	C	Supervisory Special Agent Cormack Kent was the tomahawk .
tr	C	She adores him and then turns to me .
tr	C	She made to close the door , and that 's when Aden mourned .
tr	O	What were once states , counties , and towns and cities were now provinces the size of several counties .
tr	O	Benjamin escorted Jason to the loveseat near the windows , as far from me as possible .
tr	O	And that was my first real remembrance of ridiculous .
tr	C	God knows how many truths come through here every year .
tr	C	I can 't see her eyes from here , but somehow I can feel the intensity of her compress and focus .
tr	C	The stag engraved into the stone that Beth had managed to only partially reveal .
tr	O	When she got into her own creations , whether with paint , clay , copper or paper , she blew my mind .
tr	C	If it weren 't for her desire to please Matt , she would have firmly said no to the suggestion that they return to the chateau .
tr	O	I close the door , lock it , and then give a heft to the dresser , pushing it over to block the door .
tr	O	Roy could understand her lapse in memory .
tr	C	47 " Set him on the ground , " said Ida .
tr	C	Then Aunt Margaret crocheted them all together and we inhabited the blanket to a veterans ' home in West Seattle . "
tr	O	I don 't need a babysitter .
tr	O	" So we 're all to blame for our own messes ? "
tr	C	He and Erin joined the rest of the team gathered at a thin coil in the cliff face .
tr	O	Dunne watched their preparations at a distance , sidelong and hesitating , with occasional glances at the other officers ; but he did not say anything .
tr	C	Years of board meetings had drilled Celia in the importance of circumstance .
tr	O	" Clear everything . "
tr	C	One hand twirled an eyelid slowly while the ashes of his cigarette dropped to the floor .
tr	O	A few years before he had watched the end of a documentary about the end of civilization with a few friends .
tr	C	There was something about her that drew him like a marathon .
tr	C	" It is cold , young woman , and you will wear your canines . "
tr	O	He could almost feel their redness .
tr	C	" You think you should have crashed with more spunk ? "
tr	O	I grip the flashlight tightly in one hand , trying to funnel all my anger through my fingers .
tr	O	" You didn 't like fruitcake but you were willing to try it .
tr	C	She watched him as he sought control over his faculties and wondered what would come of this little drizzle .
tr	O	Around the skyscraper 's roof , a brown blur leaped , and circled in the air .
tr	C	" Well , I have to admit that I can totally see the similarities between you and an anthology . "
tr	C	After seeing that the spider was safely stowed in his room , Allan collected the bluffs and they went together to the mess hall .
tr	O	Wallis had switched it for one that added a second circle and her name to the plaque .
tr	C	Well , maybe not a chore but a mistake anyway .
tr	O	The sound set their fears jangling , and made her breathing all jagged and raw .
tr	O	The nav computer set off a warning in both cockpits , announcing that they were approaching their destination .
tr	C	Vanessa and Kendra followed Warren and knelt on the wal beside him .
tr	O	After the Disaster that had occurred over 50 years ago , virtually everyone in the world had become a wizard of one degree or another .
tr	O	" Lizzie , " her voice spluttered after a short silence , " I 've just about had enough . "
tr	C	I had this horrible circumstance that security was going to find out we were there at any moment and throw us out .
tr	C	Tell you what : get the numbers , and if we can 't cover the moms let me know what more it would take .
tr	O	He sported a satisfied expression before sinking back again .
tr	C	There 's still pomp and devastation for the younger brother .
tr	O	" I like that idea , " Jim said , " It will give us a chance to go commando on some of these mooks . "
tr	C	I mean , it depends on how big the order , but our grandchild is a real ... boss . "
tr	O	The boy pretends to be a man when all he 's doing is living off his dad 's money . "
tr	C	She stumbled and sank to the ground , unraveling before him .
tr	C	" But know this : There are no delusions .
tr	C	Minutes later , I crossed the campus and the section of sandy beach separating the treachery and guest lodging from the rest of campus .
tr	O	The irritating rascal didn 't take a breath .
tr	O	My eyes picked off the glints of the soldiers armor and the blue banners of the Scots .
tr	O	But it was his words , their import , that made her gaze flicker up to the unwavering opacity of his own .
tr	C	Careful not to squash into the ditch that ran parallel to the road , she parked some distance away and shut off her headlights .
tr	O	His fingers swirl over my cl * t and I grab onto his bicep , my head flying back for another swirl .
tr	C	To see what stands before me downwards with my mind .
tr	O	These were unthinkable riches for Eli .
tr	C	It was the reason why I drank heavily and caused discord around the whole country back in the day .
tr	O	Or was the loyalty you pledged me another lie ? "
tr	C	' Where are the picturesque rice paddy fields and people with hoes and an ancient monks set somewhere in the corner of every field ? '
tr	C	The third homicide scene in Sebastian 's memories was drinking tea with her , which he just made .
tr	O	Not only was it hanging badly on hinges stiff with rust but the end she was currently wrestling with was firmly wedged in an overgrown hawthorn hedge .
tr	C	But ... now he immersed himself as well .
tr	C	We 're not going to talk about work or contracts or anything that involves bribery or takeovers .
tr	C	Moonlight had turned the ferns and grasses silver and made snatches of the foliage above .
tr	C	There 's a lot of time after your show is over , " he said , fondling her to the dance floor .
tr	C	She giggled as he nuzzled her neck , wrapping her arms around him and teleporting closer to him .
tr	C	Savannah called a mental cease-fire with her mother and followed her teacup into the dining room .
tr	O	The chandeliers were disappearing , the glass floor -- now replaced by a pitch black hole .
tr	C	She was wearing a barely-there laced black wal that showed how delicately built she was on top .
tr	O	" Yes " " That is the redial for Gabriel , why don 't you keep trying while I drive .
tr	C	" That was a pathetic excuse for a purge . "
tr	O	" Brielle ... " Hearing her name coming from those deceiving lips drove her forward .
tr	O	We had only this monster 's word that his tribe hadn 't kidnapped and hurt Fade , but it had to suffice .
tr	O	When it happened - whatever " it " was - they 'd just taken out the trolley .
tr	O	Maggie stood there fuming .
tr	C	Brand sat down at the anomaly 's table .
tr	O	Lara was in a meeting with Howard Keller and the architect .
tr	O	They liked the idea of joining Hank 's tribe and submitting to his authority .
tr	O	I felt like saying something rude , but constrained myself .
tr	C	She knew how to channel and generate emotions .
tr	C	Daisy asked as they reached the platform and she spotted the shard of smoke in the distance , indicating that the train was on its way .
tr	O	" Yeah , a boatload of insurance salesmen .
tr	C	Her rival -- Poseidon -- would delight in measuring up such a prize . "
tr	C	The nobility of human breeds is however a social product .
tr	C	He painted her a dark green like the depths of the river and gave her deep red sails like the late summer nets over the sea .
tr	O	It was too dark to pick up on nuances , especially from ten feet away .
tr	O	Swollen from the endless rain , the water flooded the banks on either side and churned and rolled over the rocks , creating a series of rapids .
tr	C	He focuses his lips and I want to hurl my shoe at him .
tr	O	I pick up my logbook and flip to one of the empty pages .
tr	C	All these instances happening one after the other ? "
tr	O	I found myself slowing down as we passed a pair of ladies sitting at a blackjack table .
tr	C	" Oh right , " she said , and a second or two later , the three servers blinked in confusion .
tr	O	Men began to spill out onto the deck from the ladders leading up from below decks , with both hands covering their eardrums .
tr	C	We both had something in common in regards to the innkeeper .
tr	C	The guy has got to have some mojo shit going on .
tr	C	What if he describes my parents or Annie ? "
tr	C	" I told you I know the sherry .
tr	C	The result of spending a century mastered .
tr	O	But if Grant was involved in a crime syndicate , it opens up a whole new scenario . "
tr	C	Maybe he left the hoard as a threat to sow fear and panic .
tr	O	He pauses , deliberating with his forehead bunched .
tr	O	The waiter humored her through her interrogation and eventually the chef himself came over to their table .
tr	C	Alex asked as we moved a table towards the door , " Wouldn 't it make more sense to ration it from the inside ? "
tr	O	Santana said , " Bill , I appreciate your tenacity and loyalty .
tr	C	Leaning forward , she pressed her forehead against the comforting coolness of the Collar .
tr	O	Even the banana leaves looked engraved .
tr	C	Needless to say , the last thing she wanted was her brothers , much as she loved them , playing the role of celebrations .
tr	C	Shelton and Kim suspect either the park service hadn 't furnished them yet or someone has burgled the surgeons .
tr	C	" If he 's not on those concepts he is gone .
tr	C	The smell of cutlery and blood filled the air , and it was getting unbearable .
tr	O	Then I turn into her chauffeur and we drive to Berlin .
tr	C	The mutual passion and art of lovemaking for them had become something of a nun , a bit like making the bed in the morning .
tr	C	He just pours himself casually .
tr	O	We dine out quite often , and we enjoy having our friends with us .
tr	C	" It must be hard for you , resisting your winters . "
tr	O	The scent of hamburgers and fries hit his sensitive nose like a blow .
tr	O	His mind touches mine in the nav computer , and only here does he let me see the full scope of it .
tr	C	" Alexei used to work in the coals .
tr	C	About fifteen minutes later they had at last uncovered a large rock that indeed resembled the shell of a giant scythe .
tr	C	There was a chain-link fence , expired with a sign affixed to the wire .
tr	C	She gestured him in and pushed the napkins to the side .
tr	O	The chirp of Holiday 's cell phone brought Kylie back to the present .
tr	C	You get this ... this look and it soothes me up inside .
tr	C	The man is covered in his own invention .
tr	O	He pulled aside a curtain and revealed a hidden door that opened onto a dimly-lit flight of steps spiralling down to the lower level of the house .
tr	O	" To lay siege to the Black Bastion . "
tr	C	Kyle was not clipping out far enough to catch them before they broke .
tr	C	The old guy makes a face and blacks .
tr	O	Kelly was so humiliated ; she felt like a prostitute .
tr	O	" This thing has an original stereo .
tr	C	In parting , BR puffed up his feathers , flexed his wings , and chanted one last squawk .
tr	C	" A momma parked in the drive .
tr	O	He paused briefly to recover from the vertigo and assess his surroundings .
tr	O	" Simple isn 't the word that comes to mind , more like complicated .
tr	O	" Can you give me a location to plop us in at ? "
tr	C	Something about the intensity in his blue eyes deceived me .
tr	C	You aren 't a standstill .
tr	O	Jon smiles as he lifts up his shirt to show Lewis the scar on his torso and lowers it back down when his eyes turn into saucers .
tr	C	One of the best things about Nick as a roommate was they shared the same classrooms and the same major at school .
tr	O	He knew about James being able to teleport and heal quickly , and he would be wondering what she could do to .
tr	C	She shielded her eyes from him with her hat , a tell-tale gesture that was not in keeping with her fiery nature .
tr	O	Find a way to disconnect your emotions from your runes . "
tr	C	" Any sightings ? "
tr	C	Fintan entered the martyr and put his headpiece on .
tr	C	Harold meanwhile stayed busy topping the quality of life for everyone .
tr	O	The blue beam of his headlight penetrated the heavy blanket of fog .
tr	O	Mom said that he is heartbroken , whatever that means .
tr	C	The crane 's shaved heads bore tattoos of swirling designs that Eli had never seen before .
tr	O	He put the coming starvation out of his mind .
tr	O	The elderly ladies were already huffing and shuffling in their seats .
tr	O	Ezra 's expression softens when she sees the affection I 'm showing Charlie .
tr	C	- My parents won on the innkeeper .
tr	C	Mr. Byrne looked ready to scoot over .
tr	O	I 'm not expecting him to divulge much , but anything we can get will be more than we have right now . "
tr	O	Their bodies were still locked away in the labyrinth of horror where Xavier had ruled .
tr	O	They 'd been close from the day they 'd met , when he 'd taken Jolene to Get Nailed for a haircut .
tr	O	He didn 't want to bring Gregor and that other goon into Laura 's tasteful home .
tr	O	He was too manly to be caught with a pink glob on the end of his finger .
tr	C	A dull linoleum was staining Jonas 's high cheekbones .
tr	O	Marcus 's promised text came as I was driving back to school , telling me to meet him at a nearby arcade .
tr	O	More sparks of power dribbled from his dwindling reserves , but the prize was worth the cost .
tr	C	She clicks her tongue in disapproval , then whimpers for her tiger to return .
tr	O	Loren tried to reconcile the agency summary with the man sitting in front of him .
tr	C	I didn 't want them to ever have a reason to regret owning me .
tr	C	Rebecca turned and smiled , all the while measuring me closely , from my jeans to my sweater to my hair .
tr	C	Once at the tavern , Jolly Roger 's , she dismounted and a grunting and wheezing Napoleon was soon to follow .
tr	O	Or why these guys felt they needed a guide on a canoe route that high-school kids regularly took with only a photocopied map .
tr	C	Gage tenses up and down in the water while panting into the night .
tr	O	He has a tab here , and I heard him say he was buying . "
tr	C	Her mother joined her once again on the second fiddle .
tr	O	Griffin is in the middle of this line , and as I approach , I can hear him talking to the campers .
tr	C	The aftermath of her statement made her smile .
tr	C	Her face retained an inner turmoil almost as frantic as her daughter 's .
tr	O	It didn 't go any further because Sam intervened and I got in the truck .
tr	C	Matt had no trouble in regaining his feelings , whatever they were : childlike , mature , stubborn , happy .
tr	O	The Alpha within William was demanding obedience .
tr	C	Bright camera flashes suddenly burned my antics and I glanced towards them , horrified at the group of photographers clicking away .
tr	O	" Your magic manifests in times of great fear , without any conscious effort on your part .
tr	O	They feigned puzzlement when Sylvie told them she wanted to do other things for a while .
tr	C	He glanced down -- eyelashes doing a slow , flirtatious descent towards the outbuildings .
tr	O	His mouth watered at the sight of her tits .
tr	C	Moving around behind her , he began to incinerate the long row of buttons on the back of her dress .
tr	O	' You didn 't take part in robbing me ? '
tr	C	His magick and the way he treated her were so sweet she couldn 't help but fall .
tr	O	" You can go into the kitchen and make sure the appetizers are ready to be distributed . "
tr	C	Boone announces , throwing a wink at Alex before heading out the door .
tr	O	So if a hatchling let you put it into harness , duty forever after tied you to the beast .
tr	O	John took a defensive step toward Kylie 's stepdad and her own protective instincts sparked to life .
tr	O	The shirt quivered and a group of tassels curled up around his hand .
tr	C	" Move along boy , " a man above him in a thug snarled .
tr	O	A scowl twitches on his lips before reverting to a dark smile .
tr	O	She tried not to ogle him like a teenager and focused on chopping .
tr	O	" A walk it is , then , Lucy dear , " he asserted .
tr	C	Reuben was a proud man and did not appreciate Eduard 's cassock , so he had cuffed Eduard lightly on the ear .
tr	C	Our patients do not go into opposition , much less die from it .
tr	C	Fortunately , his mind was still very much intact , as were his vocal cords .
tr	O	Needed what he was doing to her , needed the feel of him hot and hard and thick inside her , relieving the terrible building storm .
tr	C	" You 're right , pal , if I ever see you issuing instructions to your intended I 'll make it a point of not quitting . "
tr	O	Little gold stars winked back at her under the pendant light fixture .
tr	C	The thought should have made David feel better about the situation , but then again , the Swarm had wanted many other halfs alive .
tr	C	And there is no trickery , is there ? "
tr	O	On the morning after their return , Phillip left St. Heath 's Row early to take care of some business in town with his solicitor and banker .
tr	C	The arrow flew true and hit its target : another guard who was rushing forward to meet the tremors .
tr	O	When Adrien appeared in the doorway , his expression solemn , she shifted to telepathy .
tr	C	And there are also some suspicious shadows on the chest X-Rays that look like parrots are beginning to regrow in her lungs . "
tr	C	Collecting myself with a quick breath , I twirled the beverage thoughtfully in my hand .
tr	O	His tongue passed over her nipple , and the friction spread fire through her breast , down her chest , and between her legs .
tr	O	I turned around , slowly lying down on the bed , facedown , the way I knew he wanted me .
tr	O	The grooves , fashioned just so for her grasp .
tr	O	He threatened me so often but it never lessened the impact .
tr	C	" For the last time , insinuation .
tr	O	It 's a charity function that I donate to and there 's a fundraising dinner .
tr	C	Despite knowing better , he couldn 't stop the grin doubling the corner of his mouth .
tr	O	I want the old carols , the traditional carols , the ones that capture something of the irresistible depth of it all . "
tr	O	The gunman lay on the floor .
tr	O	According to the bible , Christians are supposed to expect persecution , like Christ , but Shelton and Kim hope to spare their son .
tr	C	" Someplace as many as you can .
tr	C	I knew who this excursion was and wouldn 't be caught off-guard .
tr	C	It was this whole manufacturing over eating her kale and not using the word ' literally ' anymore because it 's literally driving me crazy . "
tr	C	Thank you " was all I could bulldozer to say .
tr	O	She made it across the city quickly and efficiently , a predator 's stealth keeping her steps quiet on the cobblestone streets .
tr	O	She had nursed a lot of her pain in secret .
tr	C	The advisor smiles and gestures to the woman to bring a drink for his guest .
tr	O	He could now see markings on the gray surface of the habitat .
tr	C	And your slew in the Last Resort was epic .
tr	C	It 's a daycare .
tr	O	He put his quill down carefully in front of him and straightened his jacket .
tr	C	Except his lieutenants , he left those in the lab at the Manor . "
tr	C	And as much as we tried , we just couldn 't logically start a war over boldness . '
tr	O	Then he saw eyes and mouth - a puffing mouth bearded with bubbles .
tr	C	" Your final question , Lord Jason , " the fella said .
tr	C	Maybe she was ranting , assuming Butch was a threat to everyone .
tr	C	And that bladder let in just enough moonlight for her to see him .
tr	O	She realized that Bill 's rapid fall from CEO to the unemployment line was really not her worry .
tr	O	" I guess he did a pretty good job on explaining how I get bombarded with other people 's stuff . "
tr	C	The ceiling and the floor had diffused .
tr	O	The statement was made in a jesting tone , but she suspected there was a note of seriousness underscoring the words as well .
tr	O	Derrick waved back at the spaceship .
tr	O	" The senator harassed her for years , and now she 's free of him . "
tr	C	Not seeing anyone , she dragged Sherman 's body over to the back of the steed .
tr	C	Despite all the dangers we 'd faced on the Yew Land journey , there 'd been very few physical ailments .
tr	O	" How can stopping the murder of our greatest president be a Break ?
tr	O	" What do you think about the new blood substitute ? "
tr	O	Tiny and defenseless without her towering heels , business clothes and makeup , with her hair drying in a rioting jungle around her shoulders .
tr	O	" Lay down on the chaise , " he says , and when I go there , he shakes his head .
tr	O	A snowball 's chance in hell right there .
tr	C	And the awesome metaphors and memories that went with them .
tr	C	There could be no recourse in a bishop 's family . "
tr	O	That put the starch back in their spines .
tr	C	She grabbed her friend 's hand and led her into the restaurant before Suzy could chalk her about what she 'd been thinking .
tr	O	She had no experience , few credentials -- just a small dream and a desire to make it happen .
tr	O	The sound of a crane overhead distracted Reese momentarily and when he returned his attention to her he was frowning again .
tr	C	Chuck the harp sounded abstracted as he tried to predict his timing .
tr	C	Mary glanced over at the redemption and said : " Not at this pace , that 's for sure " .
tr	C	I was foolish not to send the banshee to her .
tr	C	Somehow she knew the cost of navigating this information and the use of Ethan 's plane wouldn 't go onto his agency expense account .
tr	C	" You scared an animal out of the quad , and when it ran into the open , a guard opened fire .
tr	O	I get to my room , see no bugs or spooks , take a quick shower , and change into shorts and sandals .
tr	C	A crescendo of music met his ears , everything from Ernest Tubb to Buddy Holly .
tr	C	For good measure , Liz patted down the cop , found a crowbar tucked at the small of his back , and removed it .
tr	O	Someone solved it by eliminating the source .
tr	C	" Okay , but then I 'll have to invite the drizzle instead . "
tr	O	I don 't have any delusions that he wanted to die for his country - or for me - or even that he thought that he might .
tr	C	' I got your back , Cap , ' he fumed .
tr	C	I 'd read a profusion of Queen Victoria ( and rented the movie ) , so I understood the term .
tr	C	She was the mathematics faculty , he thought .
tr	C	During that time Jed and Justin were trotting in the cash because they were selling everything they could steal and for a good price .
tr	C	The houses were largely motivated from the road , fences and hedges obscuring the driveways from view .
tr	C	Garrett 's morning stubble chafed her skin but the small convulsions only turned her on more .
tr	C	Every job I had seemed to end up in Central Eastside -- pulling auto parts , powder residue , dishwasher , humping furniture and pallets .
tr	O	Dem went to assist in its retrieval .
tr	O	He even made an example out of a few civilians .
tr	C	He reminded me of the guys in the punk club pretending the darkroom door had locked to try to get a little action .
tr	O	The dark eyeliner he was wearing tonight made him seem dangerous .
tr	O	Remembering how her family had been sold , however , Rose knew there were other ways to end up in servitude .
tr	C	Shards of stone sprayed into his face when he tried to angle his rifle around the coordination of the pillar .
tr	C	She had even accumulated a few hundred dollars so she could make some furs of her own .
tr	C	It seems to Elijah that every family vacation revolves around volcanoes and dinner .
tr	C	" Of course you see ; that 's why you sedated her to begin with . "
tr	C	He undid the paper to reveal a hard wrinkled stripe .
tr	O	" It 's a pretty unknown commodity , unfortunately .
tr	O	For God 's sake - " The speedboat plowed into the rowboat , cutting it in half , the water sucking Gorman under .
tr	C	Those days we 'd had spanking and stutter .
tr	O	Steve was the dependable , rusty old lawnmower in the garage .
tr	C	In addition it exports huge proportions to China .
tr	C	Calder seems aware of that province , too .
tr	C	" Do you have weights ?
tr	O	I 'll practice both styles .
tr	O	We take off after an immigration official comes to check our passports .
tr	C	I don 't want a whole bunch of cops showing up , sirens blaring , and spooking the bloodsuckers before I 'm ready .
tr	O	He spun me around so I faced him and his gang of mutts .
tr	O	" That may be true , but we both know initiative is nowhere near as cool as having a trampoline sewn in to your pants . "
tr	O	Their sounds were like the wings carrying themes of the Bible from heaven to earth .
tr	O	It 's not who wins in the pecking order , it 's who has true dominance .
tr	C	Sleeping bunks are aired right into the rock walls .
tr	C	I turned on the radio to a sports call in show and listened to scholars argue about which local team had the most rapid fan base .
tr	C	He sloshed in the hallway beside her .
tr	C	Blake and I mistrust him on the field at second and third base respectively .
tr	C	Even in the darkness , he could see the searing blue of her wide eyes , the milky whiteness of her skin .
tr	C	The sun is setting behind the two trailers where the airship is tethered .
tr	O	Ever since he and Fancy got themselves hitched and had kids , he 's been gettin ' straighter and straighter .
tr	C	Unfortunately , taking along Ima hadn 't reinforced Sam .
tr	C	Their kind knew nothing about the vampire 's that did not feed on humans ; they knew nothing about the ones that had retained human blood .
tr	O	Once we were safely home I laid my prize on the cool kitchen tiles and dribbled cold water patiently over her nose and ears .
tr	C	Cal wasn 't a particularly shy man , but his stutter had been a caster in relationships , especially with women .
tr	O	He 'd taken me off guard and I don 't do well with unexpected confrontations of any type .
tr	C	The spelled liquid he 'd added to the coffee wasn 't a true enormity of the Blood 's code of honor .
tr	O	And when she learnt that he was ogling her , struck dumb completely , she assigned him a black look .
tr	C	This is where the excitement was for concubines .
tr	C	I needed to cultivate a life outside of work , and Drew was an attractive distraction from stressing over Jackson .
tr	C	" No problem , " he said , his eyes pinning Claire with an intensity that made her blood dispenser in her veins .
tr	O	You have magnificent creativity . "
tr	O	Her skin burned everywhere he had touched her , branded her .
tr	O	I dated a few chefs , was written up in the gossip pages , and found I had officially arrived . "
tr	O	" That 's what you say about anyone who isn 't an over-the-top buffoon .
tr	C	What exactly did the marshal want ?
tr	O	What few teeth she had were yellow , as pitted as her skin , and as pointed and curling as her claws .
tr	C	And then Tick had another thought , perhaps the worst thought to ever cross the rites of his mind .
tr	C	I was starting to have a sense of broth here .
tr	O	Steven didn 't like even bets .
tr	O	Her senses were slowly awakening , and for the most part it was a bad thing .
tr	O	Their human commanders trailed them and looked at maps as they walked .
tr	O	It was all very secretive and we were required to supply a DNA sample at the start of every morning as a security clearance . "
tr	C	Thanks to a generous phone inbox from Dad and the internet we were able to keep in touch and still do .
tr	C	Stepping back , Gray noted a splatter trail continued down the hall .
tr	C	There had been combatants in that response .
tr	C	" Uhm well , " My hands moved from the top of the sherry glass to its bottom before I could say , " His personality .
tr	C	" Checking up Hale family messes has been the Garrett family business for fifty years .
tr	C	She didn 't look like she 'd spent the last fourteen hours travelling through crowded trains , stuffy airplanes and close cars .
tr	O	He bargained to resurrect you after Asmodeus 's dragon killed you .
tr	C	" Sophie Price , " he yelled , agony and incredulity lacing each word .
tr	C	They brought pies and lakes , meat loaf and apple butter , until his fridge was filled with gifts of food .
tr	C	" And then we made the foolish but age-appropriate decision to go piling into our classrooms and paddle around Lake Singletary while drunk . "
tr	C	She 'd never have thought Kelsey would turn to them again after paragraph .
tr	C	" Guys , you want to grab your shackles ? "
tr	O	And you have the audacity to come here and think you 're good enough for her ?
tr	O	I am sending you home for the day , and strongly suggest you take the rest of the week off to recuperate .
tr	C	This backwater town was the closest one to where the youngsters had escaped .
tr	O	Without looking at the markers , Garfield stared at the lifeboat and made some adjustments .
tr	O	" You would also be wise to remember that I have my own reasons for your attendance at the academy .
tr	C	He always answered my questions , and I believe it tickled him to see me spouting what he did .
tr	C	Soon , the time came for Mairi to deem her eternal love to Damen .
tr	C	She had the hotel telephone in her lap and had just replaced the quad back onto the receiver .
tr	C	He sounded British , Clary thought ; she 'd only ever heard his voice in her mind before , and telepathic communication apparently wiped out jeers .
tr	C	Luckily , the commandant had not ordered a search for the other two bodies , herding them that he would report they were burned separately .
tr	C	Then Colin pointed out , " She would of course deny some of the more serious flaws .
tr	O	He shakes his head and his pain envelops me .
tr	C	" What happens to all the sciences ? "
tr	O	" The tether 's going to be no use if it 's always pointing through the walls , " I said .
tr	C	Can it be intercepted ? "
tr	C	He gurgled and turned away .
tr	C	Something fell out of the frog and brained me . "
tr	C	The streetlights became fewer and farther in between , and there were empty slots and derelict buildings .
tr	C	And if that were the case , why couldnt I intercept one ?
tr	C	Youngsters Cathy 's age have remarkable athlete , Mrs. Ryland , " the doctor continued .
tr	O	" It 's also said that they 're the offspring of demons and angels , which always seemed more likely to me .
tr	O	It was after those dreams that she woke up face-down on her stomach , her hand between her legs .
tr	C	" I 'm not trying to behold her death .
tr	C	Gio laid the photo down on the mausoleum .
tr	C	Ash reluctantly let me go as I pulled back , steeling myself for the ordeal ahead .
tr	C	" You could never be anyone 's second , because that would spook someone was more deserving than you .
tr	O	He stepped from the car and quickly tied the belt of his overcoat , then slipped on a pair of black leather gloves .
tr	C	One particularly heavy croquet ball connected painfully with his camper , and he yelped and left , slamming the door shut behind him .
tr	C	Uncle Earl had spent his last few months alive evaporating the importance of family , and had thought Nick 's response was lackluster .
tr	O	Even the nurses and the orderlies had been released from their duties to attend .
tr	O	He wished he had stuck to scouting long enough to learn how to find one 's way back to civilization after escaping drug runners .
tr	O	The little machine gets very agitated when it registers our presences .
tr	O	" The only thing we can do is jog and put weight on this leg so he burns more calories . "
tr	O	I don 't even know how Frisky hit you , I was banking on him missing . "
tr	O	They came down like dominoes , steel beams stumbling , chunks of concrete breaking off .
tr	O	Eta deftly kicked Lucian away with her foot and continued with her demonstration .
tr	C	" What made you convert to appear now ? "
tr	C	The whole sedative had probably taken three or four minutes , if that .
tr	C	Behind them , a man working at the bakery counter called the next number , and a woman pounced up and asked for a box of croissants .
tr	O	" They blindsided me on my way in the door . "
tr	O	Just in case the first five hunched or so had been misheard .
tr	C	The back of my neck burned as the trolls continued to click away .
tr	C	But he found no fanfare with which to deal with her .
tr	C	The first moment I saw him , the night people chanted over each other to step out of his way , I was frightened .
tr	C	Hopefully , she didn 't have an inclination to sororities .
tr	O	That upward thrust , together with the low gravity fumes from the explosion , should propel any creature high enough for it to splat .
tr	O	" The fourth oddity is that Simon Hunter received a blow to the head while alive .
tr	O	And then there 's all that affectionate attention you can expect from the bigger inmates , Blood Mama said .
tr	C	Women pay thousands and thousands of dollars trying to get a figure like yours , and you hide yours under tabs .
tr	O	I felt as if a mantle had been lifted from my shoulders , like she was letting go of me .
tr	C	OK , I 'm going to take a quick ride to town for some hoses .
tr	C	She stalked away , heading toward a tent just inside the holo .
tr	O	" Maybe just to keep tabs on the mystics , " said Simon .
tr	O	" Good-bye , Judith .
tr	O	She stood still as a statute , not reacting to his menacing words , leading me to believe she had heard these words before .
tr	C	If I am no longer a Princess and am shackled , then so be it .
tr	O	" I want to find out if he can turn back any of the bison that try to get clear of that riverbed .
tr	O	Do I leave everything and follow a janitor or do I stay with Doyle who has promised me long life and to meet every need ?
tr	C	Brick had never been so pleased to face royal spinster .
tr	O	It seemed an impossibility that he could heal her after so many years of being infected .
tr	C	It is several nuclear warheads packed into the Pit , each capable of taking out a city the size of L.A. or New York .
tr	O	Mary 's body burned under the gypsy witch 's intense inspection , as he slowly looked her over until his gaze finally locked with hers .
tr	C	Specifically , people who are not so dependent on crowds of their bunks as to lack the ability to face emptiness .
tr	O	" The damsel in distress routine didn 't quite work so well last time , " she proclaimed touching her bandaged leg .
tr	C	I draw her in , petting the kiss , then let her go , needing to cool down .
tr	O	Damien 's voice is firm as he addresses my mother .
tr	O	He slipped to the head of the ladder , took a breath , and pointed the Browning down the rungs .
tr	C	Blaze has pushed steadily forward , but I can feel jack in his eyes as his tail flicks hard against his rump .
tr	C	Matt looked up at the darkening sky as he yielded the rest of the story in his head .
tr	C	he said , craning his hand across her face and sending her flying into the crimson crowd .
tr	C	Timed the lifeline to catch me at my desk .
tr	O	For another , I get the feeling his acquisition technique is a little crude . "
tr	O	The conductor made no trouble .
tr	C	When they finally vanished from sight , he crept over the barricade .
tr	C	" I got a location corporal and went there immediately .
tr	C	As he administers the last round of furs to Sophie , there 's an eerie silence in the room .
tr	C	" I just never thought I 'd be spending my own time and money helping some popular girl win an appetizer she doesn 't deserve . "
tr	O	" I don 't know , " she finally admits , feeling the same panic that is taking hold of her chosen .
tr	C	James pulls the picture from under my hand and inspects it .
tr	C	She wanted an alpha male , like Derek , not some mishap in a white button-down shirt and tie .
tr	O	I 'm not sure where she is now but storm clouds are suddenly roiling overhead on what moments ago was a calm and clear night .
tr	O	She knocked on the door which had been painted black and some of that paint was flaking off .
tr	C	Adult males deliver a frightening amount of focused energy into their game -- more so than their younger selves .
tr	O	The doc noticed it too .
tr	O	I slowly nod my head and a sharp pain intensifies and shoots throughout my body .
tr	C	Coordinates for your respective rendezvous points will be rigged to your data terminals .
tr	C	It is a tack on the radar of our long lives , " he responded .
tr	O	It wasn 't as though they were murderers , after all ... There was a knock at the door .
tr	O	" I 'm here to investigate a complaint that one Hari Seldon instigated a riot yesterday . "
tr	C	He was requested to explain and accelerate its operation .
tr	O	Otherwise I would have told you the moment I saw your amazing diagram . "
tr	O	How had his father lured her into the trap ?
tr	O	But , then of course , you are a psychologist so I guess I shouldn 't expect much from you . '
tr	O	She warned her imagination not to go wild speculating that he had accosted her because he found her devastatingly attractive .
tr	C	She , Tom , and Dee had spent an entire night prompting those tables and listening to Zach 's imperious demands for " one more shot . "
tr	C	" You 'll have a pretty good putt out of that one . "
tr	C	" A chocolate chip mulch for you and a blueberry one for me . "
tr	O	When can we expect delivery of the elixir ? '
tr	O	Life was so easy to snuff out .
tr	C	He followed the softball captain out the door .
tr	O	I put the bowls aside and grab one of the loaves of dense brown bread on the bread board .
tr	C	" Tell him ' bout the dogfight with the barbarians ! "
tr	O	Great or humble , rich or poor , everyone cherishes their home and if deprived of it loses a piece of themselves .
tr	O	By the way , she 's an organ donor . "
tr	O	Grabbing my purse and keys , I was almost to the door when I heard a plaintiff whine .
tr	C	His Majesty 's defenders arranged themselves in the second row .
tr	C	I 've won three Tonys , one Oscar , and my Broadway shows have all returned on their dealers ' dollars .
tr	O	Let the man be the one to scream for once , she thought , gratified by the sound of his yelp .
tr	O	Without a second thought , Rift jogs beneath the archway and onto the crumbling bridge .
tr	C	He eyes open , and they 're red and full of queens .
tr	O	In a matter of moments , our kiss deepened , his tongue entwining with mine while his hands found my neck .
tr	O	" Home nursing a hangover , like Kendall , I 'd think , " Rick said , his humor tinged with annoyance at last night 's situation .
tr	C	Max feigns disappointment and grits his normal voice .
tr	C	" He also confessed to murder when he thought your father had found the airship 's remains . "
tr	O	They will give you a full account of your mission directives , ' said Michelle .
tr	C	He enjoys it , hard , pulling me closer to him .
tr	O	She pulled out an iPod , careful to keep it rubbed warm .
tr	C	The frenzy of the night out followed by the webbing of the day triggered Iona 's need to shift .
tr	O	" Ye had to threaten her to get her to marry ye in the first place , ye 'll not be cryin ' off now . "
tr	O	Swiftly , he levered himself up , rolled over the top , and landed in a crouch on the other side .
tr	C	Last night his canines had turned her mind and body to mush .
tr	C	The tail had seen Brady remove the SIM and casually reload the phone into a rubbish bin along with his newspaper .
tr	O	We arrive at the formal dress section and Ashley leafs through the dresses like she 's a professional shopper .
tr	O	A friendly dismissal was still a dismissal .
tr	O	His eyes were busy checking the people moving around them , trying to be sure they were unarmed .
tr	O	I 've checked every barn , every stall , and every paddock . "
tr	C	He was a perfect handprint to say such things , but she didn 't care .
tr	C	She wipes her mouth and flip-flops again .
tr	O	In fact , as ya saw tonight , He 's bein ' awful good to us .
tr	C	It digs through my insides and tastes almost a little sweet .
tr	O	It did not defy goodness , it ignored it to the point of annihilation .
tr	C	This trip back had taught him Yorkshire Falls wasn 't just a place to visit , it was home , with all the baggage that word weighted .
tr	O	She unsealed the tape with careful precision , taking her time as if she wanted to extend the moment .
tr	C	At dinner , Selena quietly smiled as her mom eloped with her best friend .
tr	O	We are having beans and tortillas ... " Mr. Lloyd smiled broadly , showing his yellowing teeth .
tr	O	He lay still , frozen by fear , testing the heavy fragrance , picking out the underlying notes of frangipani and honeysuckle .
tr	O	Her teeth were relatively human , but her huge hands had claws erupting from them .
tr	C	" These weapons all have mansions .
tr	C	" You lived through blackmail , kidnapping , and assault , and you 're worried about deflecting the tree ?
tr	C	They will intrude in the earth , and the things that grow and live upon the earth they will not heed .
tr	C	Suddenly our trucks have stopped being hijacked or inflicted .
tr	O	I would like a room to stay the night , perhaps , if you could be so kind to oblige . "
tr	O	Her body adjusted to the heat and she immersed herself in the water like a baptism .
tr	O	boomed Horatio in a brassy baritone .
tr	O	But I continued to wear mostly black , a color -- if it can really be called so -- that I had always detested .
tr	O	I 'm not ready to make Julie a souvenir .
tr	O	" This werewolf did go past the breakers , " she says .
tr	C	First we have the tenor suggesting dwarves are running away .
tr	C	Worse was the snowmobile across the street , but I would not dare gaze upon that house , especially not on a Sunday .
tr	O	Inside there was a bouncer at the door , taking money for the cover charge .
tr	C	' Must you speak in furs , slayer ?
tr	C	His face reveals just how bad it sounded to me .
tr	O	Mine ... He shook his head over the mad spurt of possessiveness that had seized him .
tr	O	" I 'm in school too , you dummy . "
tr	C	I pushed , turned , pressed , begged , pleaded , and insulted the tiny stitch on the tower .
tr	C	If it was gone , a barren crater , she would add one more ' X ' to her map of dead volcanoes .
tr	C	I think I 'm stopping with intel .
tr	O	Albert picked out two bottles of tequila and two bottles of gin .
tr	C	They would be laughed at , but they would prove to be a force worth poisoning .
tr	O	Driving while intoxicated was not only against the law , but a clear violation of the conditions of his probation .
tr	O	The general went on ignoring the other platoons on the side of the road and sped ahead .
tr	O	That was a doozy . "
tr	O	Nimble hands activating the ship 's two onboard mech units .
tr	O	They acted upon this , and other findings related to an imprecise analysis of the available evidence .
tr	C	Bluebeard was at the head of the thicket on the very edge of his ship .
tr	O	At last the prince thought he would hold her in his arms and rouse her with an embrace .
tr	O	The only way that those hostages made it nearly this far is if they reached the interstate and picked up a ride after leaving the sanctuary .
tr	C	She digs herself in his neck .
tr	O	Drugs , prostitution , and gambling are easier . "
tr	C	I watched as , for a short while , our spirits lifted as families were weighted .
tr	O	" That 's quite the scar you have there , " the guard says , gesturing to the scar spanning across Flynn 's chest .
tr	C	' Yea , my beloved half-brother .
tr	C	This is a unique object , and almost impossible to make , but it 's one of the main weapons I have in raking my mission .
tr	C	He tried to mislead me back in , but I stepped further away from him .
tr	O	" At first , it appeared to be an animal mauling , but upon further investigation , well , it wasn 't . "
tr	O	From the way his hand rested in his pocket , the cockiness in his smile , and the glint in his eyes .
tr	O	Rock climbed out of the car once he was free from his bindings and stretched his arms and legs .
tr	C	She deliberated for him .
tr	C	One girl did her project on California operatives , specifically in the Northern California area .
tr	O	However he had heard of some of the ruffians ' conduct in the Holy Land and arranged for me to become a Knight Templar .
tr	O	Fish isn 't in Moscow to assassinate the President . "
tr	O	Alessia cried , letting natural feelings surface unchecked as the others clustered around the monitor , submitting to curiosity .
tr	O	I don 't care what any kangaroo says .
tr	O	" So what , I have to bow , and curtsy ... call him your Majesty ? "
tr	C	That 's really for Billings .
tr	C	Nobody could have allergies like ours . "
tr	O	" No judgment , here , " the philosopher replied after a few moments of considering her answer .
tr	O	" I said , " replied a stern , rich voice , " that you should arise at once . "
tr	C	True worry sets in and I must use the most cruel weapon in my lung .
tr	C	Chip shoved more chili into his mouth and chewed slowly for a change .
tr	O	All eyes were on him , and if thunder could be personified , it would take the form of Alexander Ross .
tr	C	Step in for the quicksand until they can find a new one . "
tr	O	So when I found something about you that would alleviate this confusion , I grasped onto it .
tr	O	Your motto is like give people freedom and they 'll figure out what to do with it .
tr	O	And why the stripper act ?
tr	O	Otherwise , the implications were too terrifying to behold .
tr	O	I had to see the wallpaper to confirm that this was her phone .
tr	O	His hand came down hard on her buttock , the sound of flesh hitting flesh cracking like thunder .
tr	C	Without preliminary explanation , he read out cutlery , " Ivan Dugin .
tr	C	But I do not faze her actions ; she had only been carrying out the sentences that I set forth at the beginning of my reign .
tr	C	" I do not intend to injure you against your will , though you are a sore temptation .
tr	C	" The deputies are at the front door . "
tr	O	I do not fully understand the power I have , and need practice and temperament , but now I do not have time on my side .
tr	C	Another one of Amma 's labs .
tr	C	Always nice when you could make your enemies quake with anger .
tr	O	I laughed , and almost choked on the sudden tears blurring my vision .
tr	C	" Come then and show me your dissertation . "
tr	O	The wait staff was decked out in matching t-shirts and jeans .
tr	C	She felt a quiver in response to his compelling conception .
tr	O	" The Wheel weaves as the Wheel wills , " the shorter man said .
tr	O	She removed her bonnet , eyeing the house .
tr	O	The thug shakes a foot back .
tr	C	Dan smiled as best he could and asked , " The hangman ... if it 's not a problem . "
tr	C	She seemed taken aback by his mania .
tr	O	At least the evils of war had been committed in the open .
tr	O	But in the end , he knew the time for pretense was long past , and so he answered in earnest .
tr	C	I whispered , the blood spouting from my face , but Edward didn 't respond , focused on Carlisle 's thoughts .
tr	C	The leaves on the sidewalk were a monotone brown , no longer vivid .
tr	C	He was probably only five and a half feet tall , but his tantrum was what made him look so large .
tr	O	She woke up with a monstrous migraine and , as always , the buzzing .
tr	C	" The parasite circle . "
tr	C	Our financial advisor 's also on the team , and a security auditor , Michael Donovan .
tr	O	This time , it 's me who lurches forward on the couch .
tr	O	- Sorry about I just came now , I had to queue -- Laurence 's friend sat down too -- So why did you get divorced ?
tr	C	the corporal muttered , seemingly in his sleep .
tr	C	Not the usual light beacons .
tr	C	" My gorge almost got goofed up . "
tr	C	The keys were always kept above the driver 's seat in a magnetic box that was attached to the roof of the domes .
tr	C	But I was in the centre of a banshee , and soon this moment of calm would be gone .
tr	O	The bouncer immediately recognizes Landon and waves us through .
tr	C	I bet our salvia tastes sweet , like two ventures .
tr	C	What do your precious sensors tell you when two examples but only one body leave a building ? "
tr	C	Even from far away I was sure I could see the boughs .
tr	O	Stephanie told me , including the fact that Lucien had conducted two such assassinations himself .
tr	O	" I know a lot , " Gabrielle said , then summarized Amber and Mike 's relationship .
tr	O	" Thank you Hank , " Hannah said and she told them about how she met Daniel and the events that transpired .
tr	C	" Where 's the Box in this fusion place ? "
tr	C	I took the blow on my shield and then melded back with my sword .
tr	C	I bow down to the black Cadillac . "
tr	C	Now say your careers .
tr	O	And his response to her fervor , when he believed he couldn 't reciprocate it , was to pull away ?
tr	C	She has her elbows resting on her knees , casual , as she replays the tattoo I want on transfer paper .
tr	C	With the gracefulness of a daydream , she slithered out the door without a backward glance .
tr	C	They had brought it on themselves by their own decor and now , soon , he would see Frank again .
tr	C	she asked through a mouthful of farmland , and Peter blushed and ducked his head , realizing he 'd been staring at her .
tr	O	But it was still the favorite tux of her favorite husband , and that fact struck Julia to the bone .
tr	C	The pale blue dome on the far side evoked the beauty and the slight shimmering haze from the artificial sun above them gave it a dreamlike feel .
tr	O	Through all the melee were the water pipes and sewage ducts , schools , prisons and shops , power lines and communication beams .
tr	O	" Fire your weapons in the boiler room .
tr	O	A vocal whisper would have been much more private than telepathy .
tr	O	I thought if you were to back me up , we could share the spoils . "
tr	C	She is razed to be instrumental in helping me fulfill the prophecy .
tr	O	The buildings were ghosts , reminders of what the city , the country , was going through just twenty years ago .
tr	O	" So we 'll use tact and cleverness , " said Jace .
tr	O	" Whatever happens , I 'll leave word with the shipping agent .
tr	O	Ambrose Kohn had been a thorn in her side for many years .
tr	O	It didn 't escape my notice that I happened to be wearing the white cotton undies I 'd joked with Ashlyn were my most virginal pair .
tr	C	Perhaps this debauchery had it in him to use this curse of his for their benefit , at least for now .
tr	O	" He comes in without an appointment and just assumes you 'll see him because he 's the great and mighty Leonard Bellamy , " Corrie muttered .
tr	O	he asked , summoning a waiter , and ordering a Scotch on the rocks for himself .
tr	C	I may choose to use it on occasion with those not so bound , but it is at My folly , not theirs .
tr	C	He had some crazy escapades ; that was for sure .
tr	C	Throughout the village , the general consensus on Councillor Edward Scampi is a straight yea or inclination .
tr	O	Sliding inside , I didn 't even give the top enough time to close before I hit the evacuation button .
tr	O	Because he 'd breached the emotional walls she 'd always kept high .
tr	C	" Couple it how ? "
tr	O	I shoveled more food in my mouth .
tr	C	" You 'd never make it past the noose . "
tr	O	" A rite of passage for girls into womanhood .
tr	O	Roast turkey , a separate pan of walnut stuffing , bread pudding .
tr	O	Ainsley went to him , took the cravat ends from his hands , and started to tie the knot for him .
tr	C	Emma clicked on the other bunkers .
tr	O	As a former researcher , you must appreciate my approach . "
tr	C	" I 'm hoping to find where they reinforced their canoes then walked in themselves .
tr	O	Tommy wasn 't fussed .
tr	O	" Excuse me , " I apologize , still fastening my bag .
tr	C	His investigation wasn 't aligned ?
tr	O	It was no longer a playful catalogue of tricks .
tr	O	New York 's towers grew misty and came to an end against blank whiteness .
tr	C	But to hear her talk , you 'd think she was dumb and ugly , always scolding herself to the other girls in school .
tr	C	He drank grimly like a man bent on stressing himself to unconsciousness as quickly as possible .
tr	C	Apparently , Meg had been a naughty girl , and White Van was looking for a thief , not a runaway snowball .
tr	O	Dex 's hands tightened on the wheel though his foot came off of the pedal slightly .
tr	O	Bruises are caused by blunt trauma that damages blood vessels beneath the skin surface , allowing blood to leak out into the surrounding tissue .
tr	C	" The fanfare and seat would have been stolen if they 'd been left outside .
tr	C	Black hair fell past his shoulders , with two thin stockings hanging along each side of his face .
tr	O	I was not telling an untruth . "
tr	O	" I have cabinet ministers and the Admiralty waiting for my report on armaments in Prussia . "
tr	O	She collects sea glass and Dave Matthews Band memorabilia .
tr	C	This time there was no laughter or dedication , no child 's voice teasing at my senses .
tr	O	Has no knight to sponsor him , and no squire willing to partner with him . "
tr	C	The Mayor 's voice is firm and soft but to me his voice sounds like the cubes of a banshee .
tr	O	There was a certain kind of windstorm that might just work out fine .
tr	C	" Consider yourself served , you and your brood of adventurers , as you deserve , by hanging . "
tr	O	It depends where your values are , I suppose .
tr	C	Thus , Vel is the son of a stripper named Nok .
tr	C	Jack woke me up about an hour later , fully dressed , hair combed , breath smelling like quartz .
tr	C	He altered his deep voice so that it was negotiating , soothing .
tr	C	" No problem with the receiver " Costumed Jerk tossed the vigilante on the desk .
tr	O	Other torches were lowered and extinguished .
tr	C	" Aye , lass , I deem your meaning .
tr	C	I was hoping something might deter the fog .
tr	O	" No suits , " Edward whispered , undressing me in a secluded spot near the pool .
tr	C	Dante couldn 't fight that many grenades on his own .
tr	C	The scent of dusty cloth and whiskey filled the little crib .
tr	C	" Brought them . "
tr	O	In the opposite corner was a contraption that looked like an old-fashioned telescope .
tr	O	He palmed the panel next to the door , which slid open .
tr	C	The two ideas unraveled in her mind .
tr	C	She held a dead sturgeon as if it were piping at her swollen breasts .
tr	O	Gwen stood with military firmness , her hands clasped behind her back .
tr	C	How long had Claire been with him in the dream realm , hypnotizing her own well-being to comfort him through the darkness ?
tr	O	I remained as composed and at peace as I felt , waiting for my husband to take the pulpit and begin the sermon .
tr	C	The crane shrugged as if it were the most natural thing in the world to be summoned by a bit of gold .
tr	C	Panicked , she tried to get her hands ranged from his hair , but she seemed to be having quite a time of it .
tr	O	She supposed her music was getting better than ever , but at the same time she could feel herself edging closer and closer to burnout .
tr	O	You turned around and left , just after destroying the room , injuring my men , and tossing me to the floor .
tr	O	He stood looking down at her , wondering how he could be such an idiot when he was reputed to have a high IQ .
tr	C	The statue was shipped to be the only one of its kind .
tr	C	He 'd asked me out , said he 'd been trying to brighten up the courage for ages .
tr	C	When the eye knew what it was looking for this became an ancient wheelchair , mounted on painkillers and covered with rags of blanket and animal skins .
tr	C	My skin tingled beneath my shirt , and I felt like he was prompting me .
tr	C	Tibor reached with a manual extensor ; he dipped his " hand " in the oily moustache of the worm , an idea coming to his head .
tr	O	The call and accompanying laughter came from the sidelines .
tr	O	Helen saw her father 's hands , the master electrician 's hands , as two huge , prehistoric spiders fighting it out in a jungle waterfall .
tr	O	I opened his dreary office , started up the video rig , and concentrated : INTERIOR BEDROOM NIGHT 1 .
tr	C	I laughed , while she shoved a few bobby pins into the base of the braid and grabbed the lisp .
tr	C	His father 's words came out of him as if he had sustained them .
tr	C	She would leave that up to the caterers .
tr	O	Boone and Delilah suspected the ruse and had planned accordingly .
tr	O	Andy stood rooted to the spot still fighting his own battle with his bladder .
tr	C	The bird calls of the late afternoon were a sure sign that those of the Forest were progressing far ahead .
tr	C	I turned toward the end of the alley where a crowd of necklaces had gathered .
tr	O	This was one of the many small pleasures that the Director had denied her - human companionship .
tr	C	Given Ainsworth 's hunger , Ward thought the man would enjoy the Steamed Cloud 's taxis as well .
tr	C	The large ship of steel was tough , no doubt , but faced two enemy cannons .
tr	C	By sunset , he had five rough sketches of more or less equal thickness and varying width .
tr	C	Water dried up , but a companionship of energy remained . "
tr	O	Especially in Times Square , everyone was enraptured by the simple act of being here .
tr	C	Have we seen no sightings since midnight ? "
tr	O	I want no further part in your schemes . "
tr	C	My grandmother , of course , overtook me long ago .
tr	C	He had the same reaction to both entrances -- he wanted to strip off her clothes .
tr	C	Coyotes , bears , any other gorillas in the area would rip it to bits otherwise .
tr	O	Dim though the cell was , I could see the red spreading down the young man 's fair face to his neckline .
tr	O	Something about being down here , about Gabe and the way his face is flushing red as he tries to show off , eases my tension .
tr	O	Then , " We have to be home before the streetlights come on tonight .
tr	C	The number that stuck out over everything else was an estimated ninety percent accuracy rate for America .
tr	O	Society continually needs to strive to shape and develop the super ego so that it may effectually govern the behavior in youngsters and adults as well .
tr	O	This convent is far from expansive .
tr	O	The skin of my palms is puckering , splitting open .
tr	O	Where the trail was too narrow to ride side by side , Luke motioned for her to take the lead , sometimes lagging a little behind .
tr	O	Throwing the phone on the bed , I let the tears come as I stood there with my shoulders hunched from the weight of her negativity .
tr	C	This will lead to the opening of a new Progressive era , free from hysteria .
tr	O	Her eyelids fluttered closed as an arrow of sorrow punctured her heart .
tr	C	Fine rugs on indeed !
tr	C	He liked things neat and orderly , and wouldn 't even eat certain shortcomings if he didn 't like the color or smell of them .
tr	O	The tension that had coiled and pitted in her belly loosened and gradually slid away .
tr	O	Raphael smiled more at Richard 's infrequent attempt at humour .
tr	O	" I 'll go into the pharmacy and get your prescription filled today , " I tell him .
tr	O	" Orpheus could play music like no other , and animals would flock around him whenever he played his lyre .
tr	C	She 'd have plenty of time to learn to trust and rein in him .
tr	C	I stared into the sodas , but I didn 't see any trace of Reaper red in the creature 's eyes .
tr	C	He was shooing the vessel effortlessly .
tr	C	" Because of your history , " Dr. Wilson began , " I felt it was doubly important to be certain before I made a pantsuit .
tr	O	An older man pounces and jams his elbow into my stomach .
tr	O	The likelihood of that baby living was slim to none .
tr	O	" Run , " he instructs .
tr	C	She could handle it if he decided to throw her in the kitchens for a little while , too .
tr	C	maybe entice or something ?
tr	C	" If you wallow today , what will you do about this commission ? "
tr	O	A loud burp followed .
tr	O	The perp rushed into an alley .
tr	O	It 's in Minnesota so not so far from home , and they have a smaller campus , small classrooms and all that . "
tr	C	I diagonally twist the bend kneecap to the side even with my hip waist , overcoming .
tr	O	Hanna wiped a droplet of water off Mike 's cheek .
tr	O	Her hair is an ugly shade of greenish brown , like she tried to dye it herself and it went terribly wrong .
tr	O	" I love the omelets here , " Collin said as he took a bite .
tr	C	He will in no way be personally involved in what he begs a sin . "
tr	C	" Not easy carrying around a rattlesnake , " he yells back , trying to joke , but his voice sounds strained .
tr	C	Unlike the boys ' , her expression was pleasant and addicting .
tr	C	I imagine it has something to do with our scholars . '
tr	O	Some continents and states repeated names , as well .
tr	O	Apparently , there were no native scavengers here besides bacteria .
tr	C	All the reasons I had to be rigged with him vanished .
tr	C	He muttered , plucking a hand through his short dark hair .
tr	C	A few concepts stood around the room , each topped by one or two little telescopes locked into position by some kind of holder .
tr	O	Here it comes , she thought , anticipating his rejection of her requirements .
tr	C	There was a life force in her that needed to be touched and molded and charmed .
tr	O	It 's a warm balmy night somewhere in the province .
tr	C	He walked up to the bow , lifted the slanting line off its cleat , and tossed it on the dock .
tr	O	He also started spending most of his breaks and lunches with me .
tr	O	She shot her tent clamps into the rock and , hustling Jill inside the shelter , fastened it shut behind them .
tr	O	John twisted , maneuvering behind the man , and thrust his sword into the attackers lower back .
tr	C	His senses soaked up the feeling like a loner .
tr	C	You won 't have to trouble yourself with disbelieving or cleaning or house bills ever again .
tr	C	The Honorable Frederick Harkin had been a harpy 's lawyer before a heart attack sent him to the bench .
tr	O	" If you cannot make the distinction , you may surely count yourself among the dead . "
tr	O	I was glad that Tiffany got me out of my daydream ; otherwise , I would have been a lot more embarrassed than I am now .
tr	C	" I 'll approve the same budget for your stomachs as were spent on the Conglomerate ship .
tr	C	He left the dark puddles behind and was met with a shockwave of activity bursting its way through the fog that clouded his mind .
tr	O	Now , I had my work to do ; I must not , now of all times , begin doubting and pondering again .
tr	O	" Babies don 't come with guarantees .
tr	O	Her voice was a shrill piping sound : " Man Wolf , Man Wolf . "
tr	O	She looked puzzled for the briefest of moments , until Charlie shoved the mouthpiece through her lips , ordering her to breathe .
tr	C	That , paired with your anger and bitterness , has made you incredibly unpredictable . "
tr	O	I could use respectable terminology when I was dealing with Jamie , but right now , it was the first thing that came to mind .
tr	C	Right before the hills begin is a large pond where ducks and cults are swimming despite the cold .
tr	C	I just received a new dispersal rig that might interest you . "
tr	C	Pausing to unbutton her lip , she added thoughtfully , " Now , Killian ... mmm .
tr	C	Without waiting to be told , I turn , ram my fingers , and focus , thinking of Dervish .
tr	C	The man 's ingenuity took the hit , sending him flying backwards .
tr	O	Danica didn 't like the insinuation , even if she was a little bit right .
tr	C	And she wrote me a subordinate asking the head librarian to help me find it .
tr	O	Lillian put the shirt down on the washer .
tr	C	" Shave and a haircut ... tell Shelley ... shave and a musician ... just a stupid joke , " I heard myself mumbling .
tr	C	" Same goes , " she ranted .
tr	C	" I prefer entrepreneur . "
tr	O	Yeah , I was all for religious freedom , as long as it supported the population instead of killing and sacrificing .
tr	C	The pizzas were resonated with hamburger , sausage , pepperoni , and Canadian bacon .
tr	C	His relaxation made me mad .
tr	C	" Now , now , " he cocks one brow only , to which I have to bombard my jealousy .
tr	C	I will raise no hand in open war against him , and shall endeavour to fulfill his wishes even to my dying breath . "
tr	O	There was always such an emotional disconnect between me and my subs .
tr	O	" Goddamn protestors . "
tr	C	This particular dead man had been in his fifties , and every year of that had been hard .
tr	C	We spend the next few hours walking around the museum , checking out different opponents before heading out of the building .
tr	C	The area was one big armory , a half-moon row of houses facing the dirt street and the entrance to Onyx Minor .
tr	O	' It described a demon that craves blood , that encourages suicides so that it can feed . '
tr	C	He is braver than He is braver than me Ten " Stop that , " I say , amazed by the upholstery of my voice .
tr	C	The first was that this was something that had to be done and removed from the minds of the dampness as quickly as possible .
tr	O	That much she 'd pieced together on her own .
tr	O	" She ordered the lasagna , " Mama said .
tr	O	But I don 't want to ruin this improbably warm moment with my stupid undead hang-ups .
tr	O	" What 's up , bitches ? "
tr	O	I say , gripping the steering wheel , trying not to hyperventilate .
tr	C	She didn 't want to move , didn 't want to be ambushed and tied this time .
tr	O	Foolproof spun toward the low cot where Huerta was napping .
tr	O	Nowadays it would more accurate to think of human society as one giant performing troupe .
tr	O	As the first sound punctuated the haze of passion within her , she moved back a step .
tr	O	It helped that the place smelled like Gabe , warm musk and all man , wrapping me in his strength .
tr	O	But damn it , she wanted to stop making lists and start living life .
tr	O	Both men were bloody , shirts stripped off , muscles streaked with lacerations and dirt .
tr	O	While Louisa sang the praises of her eldest daughter in the loudest of voices , Charlotte , her younger daughter , was seldom mentioned .
tr	O	His breath wheezed as if his throat had all but closed .
tr	O	He wavers then nods .
tr	C	Her eyes widen , her tongue explodes on the side of her lip , and she shakes her head .
tr	C	Even if Sydney admits that she lied , she still has a reservoir hidden away somewhere that we won 't be able to find .
tr	C	He narrows the garage over his empty apartment .
tr	O	And I will get you the things you need to acquire the Sight . "
tr	C	The room obviously doubled as a sort of storage room , too , with whiskers and mops and cleaning supplies propped near the door .
tr	C	A ray of heavy air goes straight above her head .
tr	C	His bare legs would only have attracted the tiny , glowing bugs that squawked above his head .
tr	C	The veins in his nose stood out like rabbits .
tr	C	Then he gave me a lingering kiss goodnight that melted my heart and sent that familiar sizzle through my body .
tr	O	They flew straight for Regalia now , down wide , open caverns .
tr	C	I sit on the bench , seething from every pore of my body as the players put in 110 percent for aloof even though he sucks .
tr	O	We found no evidence of outsiders whatsoever , and there was no way anybody was hiding in that compound .
tr	O	Then he settled up his tab and stepped out to the sidewalk , into the yellow glare of the streetlights .
tr	O	I open my mouth to protest , but then he pulls me against him , spooning me so I 'm tucked , tight against his chest .
tr	C	" You know , shuttle navigation was the job most people were avoiding . "
tr	C	My body rolled itself on top of Jane 's , her welcoming and spearing me in warmth .
tr	C	" I read about that award ceremony in the paper the other day , but someone named Jamison is running that . "
tr	O	They did not envision that she would actually secure the wing or establish something that we can see it helping so many .
tr	C	But there was no way to whack in their weapons .
tr	C	The buzzing hums ceased , as did the stuttering shrieks of the wax spiders , and silence fell .
tr	O	I assessed her carefully .
tr	C	" There 's a preference for the house inside the envelope , $ 18,000 dollars to be precise . "
tr	O	" Let 's swap your car for my truck and I 'll take you there . "
tr	O	He accepted the sustenance from her and the woman patted Abby on the shoulder .
tr	C	The towel brushed her sensitive nipples , lingered along her rounded bottom , delved in the canteen of her hip .
tr	C	Early in the struggle , the House of Lords had held up a swimmer already past the Commons , with some excuse of examining witnesses .
tr	O	But it was late and the cemeteries in New Orleans were places of danger after dark .
tr	O	It looks as it would if my father were here , still driving towards a breakthrough .
tr	O	She ached for his unhappiness .
tr	C	Quickly spreads his arms wide to mimic the breathtaking space .
tr	O	She blames you for Olive 's death !
tr	O	The dark evolution , Dimitri called it .
tr	O	A lot of words I knew her , I had only to learn to pronounce her .
tr	C	Instead he rode the wave up to its crest and hung suspended there , in his prime , a magnificent beast to subside .
tr	O	His loss of control was a turn-on like no other .
tr	C	I thought about sending guards out to the various country lanes used by the family , but I didn 't want to deplete the guard too much .
tr	O	" I 'm a sorcerer , not a psychic . "
tr	O	Finally , they pulled up to sound stage nine , a hulking , flesh-colored building .
tr	C	He adds tomato and lettuce to his ham sandwich , and slices it down the middle , creating shafts .
tr	O	Yeah , I 'd walked away , but there wasn 't a chance in this godforsaken world that I could forget about her .
tr	O	His breath came out in a loud whoosh , leaving his lungs empty and aching .
tr	C	" What was the essay about ? "
tr	O	Shortly after that the few HAM radio operators that had been relaying information from there had gone silent too .
tr	C	There was a printer behind them , and the ship shook slightly as the first-stage cage was dropped .
tr	O	I 'll surely come off as a cad .
tr	O	It 's a form of harassment , but it is fairly effective .
tr	O	" Build up your defenses ! "
tr	O	She threw her weight to the side , wrenching her captive away from his opponent .
tr	O	' Just setting the cat amongst the pigeons , my dear .
tr	O	The thought of him with her made her head spin like an unbalanced torque and made her heart slide like a kilogram weight on a frictionless pulley .
tr	O	There were miles and miles of passageways below the ground and very little of the village emerged into the rough and rocky terrain above .
tr	C	You know , preceding the old crate up there up while we 're safely in orbit around a friendly planet .
tr	C	" And then Scott and I will go in your place , take the repetition down , and deliver them to you . "
tr	O	I was so angry , this morning , that when I went in his study , I trashed his desk !
tr	O	The mass of blood and flesh before him sickened him and the smell of the creature made him gag .
tr	O	He made a note to commend the commander .
tr	C	" When I asked my dad what it meant about being a lollipop , he said we 'd figure it out together . "
tr	C	That had been bad enough but then he told her of some sort of sizzle his father threw down .
tr	O	Across town , Alethea was doing her own research while giving her libido a pep talk .
tr	O	Luisa found a babysitter in the apartment building , who was Jayce .
tr	C	I can 't believe he didn 't tell Pandora about his pork . "
tr	O	Saliva poured excitedly from the creature 's snout , dripping down its fangs .
tr	C	It must have passed muster because the gnashing began .
tr	C	The buggy launched right towards them .
tr	C	" Please , " she chooses , the word catching in a choppy breath .
tr	O	It was coated with grime , but she could just make out the portside mooring line .
tr	O	" Negative on ambulance , " the dispatcher replied , her voice stopping with a crackle .
tr	O	Part of the movie 's allure at the time was the belief that it was based on true story .
tr	C	She stared at me , penetrating , searching , recommending me .
tr	O	A dozen lanterns lit it , sputtering the fumes of whale oil into the air .
tr	C	I presume you 've apprehended the silhouettes ? "
tr	C	His head was full of thoughts and emotions , from anger to remorse , from virtue to rage ; his mind jumped around .
tr	C	For example , he broke down world ownership by countries .
tr	C	It was a shopkeeper , just like this one , that had been unable to save Cade 's life , but had saved mine .
tr	C	I remember his parents being away and us confronting the music up as loud as it would go .
tr	C	She teetered in her pockets and somehow fiddled it out with shaking hands .
tr	O	All the firms are taking a hit . "
tr	O	Not on the eve of his first stage three on a human subject .
tr	O	What would happen when the armies finally began to attack and pillage ?
tr	O	She had no idea that the pain and scorn she felt for her sire was obvious in her voice .
tr	O	She was pale , trembling , wringing her hands together .
tr	O	The station is still on commercials , so I head for the kitchen .
tr	O	I look out from our hilltop .
tr	O	" You said that your intention was to help the subject by stimulating in him the awareness of the freedom to choose .
tr	C	He lifted a hand to stroke her cheek in a tender caress , wanting to govern how very precious she was to him .
tr	C	I had ordered it by mistake and had been wondering how I 'd unload it , since the seller refused to take it back .
tr	O	And you don 't use a push anyway ; you issue a command and demand compliance .
tr	O	In an alternating rhythm to his footfalls .
tr	C	He became a babysitter the moment those words escaped his lips .
tr	O	He grinned , black slime filled the tops of his gums making the otherwise white teeth look like they were rotting .
tr	O	" Dead drones are so inconvenient .
tr	C	The screaming inside my head crashes at the sound of her footsteps .
tr	O	" They might have drilled a hole into my skull , but I can never forget how crazy you act during Spirit Week .
tr	C	I can 't teach that to you in a single session , but I can introduce to you the basic components .
tr	C	The odor of death and incense hung in the air .
tr	O	" By the way , did you hear there 's been another armored car robbery ? "
tr	C	" Mary was making peanut brittle and she used the old peasant 's pick that belonged to Joe 's dad to break it up .
tr	C	I 've been slacking , something my best friend Kayden noted the other day when I didn 't show up for boarders .
tr	C	And her hands , fingers burrowing into helplessly waving paws , widespread , with black claws .
tr	O	She hadn 't come to spread doom and gloom or chastise me .
tr	C	Need to purify water out here , he chastised himself .
tr	C	Nathan pulled his hand back and a swirling green glade appeared .
tr	O	" That is not true , your father 's light shines in everything you do and are .
tr	C	Enough of the enslaved Knights Aeris had survived the breadth of Riva to lift a wind coach , though there were precious few others .
tr	C	" So where to now , hammers ?
tr	C	You know how tight school cheerleaders can be . "
tr	O	" The men and equipment specialized on that ship are there .
tr	C	He disregarded her towards the pile of zombies , and she yelped .
tr	O	" What kind of transaction ? "
tr	C	Ethan looked tired but not uncomfortable in his present plight .
tr	O	That eight-year-old child , with all of her insecurities and terrible memories , was locked behind the door .
tr	O	When the fog settled , the screens showed a plastering of ripples out to the limits of their illumination .
tr	O	Though they had grown apart in recent years , Cassius was at one time her most constant playmate .
tr	C	I can " t discard you to your flat with my magic if I don " t touch you .
tr	O	He returned at intermittent intervals , stayed for a while , only to take off again .
tr	C	Reyes accepted more congratulations on his winning bid , just as Angelica received the Collar again and again .
tr	C	I headed back to training , his words scrolling over and over again .
tr	C	The wine in the opened bottle breathed , gaining depth and pilgrims .
tr	O	I just have to find the correct incentive to get you up and moving .
tr	C	She had proved her marksmanship had not learnt since he first met her .
tr	O	John focused back on the telescope , with the young people standing and waiting for instructions .
tr	C	As if he could unsettle me with such a feeble croak .
tr	C	Erica , however , possessed no such luxuries .
tr	C	" Don 't hurt Sam , " she whimpered , afraid they might jeopardize Sam in the confusion .
tr	O	It was the area of the rink where all of the girlfriends of the guys on the team ended up sitting .
tr	O	" They 're politicians .
tr	O	Deeply baked into its mind , of both axiomatic surety and religious fascination , is the tidy regiment of elements in their rows and columns .
tr	C	I scarfed it down in a hurry , making both women comment worriedly that I really was starving on the infirmary .
tr	O	Ethan ran his hands across the rung to gauge its width .
tr	C	There is no chance that we would ever agree to what they are listing .
tr	C	She heard a subtle change in his voice , sensed that he was instructing her into reacting .
tr	O	At the moment of collision , Ezio threw himself off his seat , into the air , and landed on the roof of Ahmet 's coach .
tr	O	The auto sales magazine is still curling itself into oblivion in the flames on the doormat but the fire has not spread inside the door .
tr	O	Dylan If men could have PMS , then lately , Mike was the poster child for whatever drug the pharmaceutical companies would debut for it .
tr	C	If so , he was ensuring the damage he 'd caused .
tr	O	I suppose I can let you use that trod , but you owe me a favor later , darling . "
tr	O	Meena was a mermaid .
tr	O	" But he 's still a skunk .
tr	O	A canister caught her eye , and she grabbed it .
tr	C	" I 'm sure they did send Reboots , and that something happened to them . "
tr	C	That evening , the plan was for everyone to nibble at the inn .
tr	O	Our villages lay in ruins , huts pulled down ; everything that could burn was burned .
tr	C	Three cells , with stone seams between them , occupied the rear wall of a spacious room .
tr	O	This I most earnestly entreat , and I know you will comply . '
tr	C	Dominic laughed , ensuring that his vampire pointed teeth gleamed black and atrocious in the night .
tr	C	By revealing his true nature to a human , Johnny had alienated everyone in the Alliance .
tr	O	Finally the snow gave in , toppling to the side .
tr	O	Around them , members of the Resistance were embracing , overjoyed at the news .
tr	C	In Caldera , unless one 's practicality dictated otherwise , a certain formality applied to even the most basic outfits .
tr	O	I got the feeling by the look he gave me that he thought I was the reincarnation of some mighty savior .
tr	O	The second bullet missed but spattered wood splinters off the wall and into his eyes .
tr	O	" Hello , Emma , " he 'd murmur while looking half-asleep with a beautiful smile fixed to his ridiculously handsome face .
tr	O	You capsized a kayak in three feet of still water .
tr	O	I practically ran inside when I heard the motor on his car rev up .
tr	C	I shrugged , listing out my own hopes for the first time .
tr	O	About the Author I 'm Ben Blake , and I hope you enjoyed the first volume of my version of the tale of Troy .
tr	O	Witness statements , building manifests , material logs , work orders .
tr	O	Griffin laughs and claps ; at one point he whistles loudly with his fingers , and that gets the MC 's attention .
tr	C	" And we need to set something in place to smother it .
tr	C	Something flickered across Jeremy 's face for a split second , then dispatched .
tr	C	Max updates Andy about Amphetamine 's forthcoming album instead , while Nathan and I exchange occurs .
tr	O	About the only good hiding place she could see was behind a barrel of ale , which she chastised herself for not thinking of .
tr	O	Tracking the sound to its source , he passes through the circular veil of dark grains , nearly tripping over the chest residing in the middle .
tr	C	" Then I will tell you more about my camper instead . "
tr	C	Still glaring at Pete , Jennifer reached for the radio and picked up the removal .
tr	O	When the buildings ended , there was a junkyard .
tr	C	' What about manufacturing idea ? '
tr	C	I could read it , and then we could do to the shares what they had done to us .
tr	C	The commanding officer spoke up , saying , " I am a warrior not a wildfire .
tr	O	Claire said , fanning herself with her hand against the heat of the day .
tr	O	I do not drool . "
tr	O	Nails dug into the wooden rail , leaving behind deep grooves , while she breathed away the feeling of being swallowed alive .
tr	O	They were lines of capsules that were connected together that looked like nothing so much as worms , that happened to be flying .
tr	O	Chapter 2 Josephine and Alice chatted amiably as they strolled through the aisles in the grocery store while Helen zipped along in a motorized shopped cart .
tr	C	I 've always wanted to climb on top of the pommel . "
tr	O	Once the newcomers had time to dig in , they would be a much harder nut to crack .
tr	C	There 's a box of profits on the counter and someone 's taken out the garbage and cleaned the dishes .
tr	C	He flings an arm round the trustee 's neck and shoves him to the ground ... He stops , suddenly .
tr	O	My life before , the lonely one I felt stuck in with Jeff and my mom , it was frickin ' Disneyland compared to this .
tr	C	They had shipped out the route a couple days before and made their final plans .
tr	C	" Okay , gran ' adoption , " Luna replied as she took the book from Grandma Sandy 's feeble hands .
tr	O	Lena knelt next to my grave , next to me , grabbing at handfuls of cold grass .
tr	C	I roll my eyes as she ventures back to the dressing room .
tr	C	I glanced over the supermarket in the back .
tr	O	The walkways below were the unreachable highways of deck 20 .
tr	O	Pulled off her boots and her chainmail .
tr	C	There was a bit of a gravestone .
tr	O	" He 's a nice guy anyway , kind of a pushover .
tr	C	I catch a flash of his profile , arm around Mom 's neck , fingers in her hair , slinging her .
tr	C	Now that they 're all used to wearing them , I think I shall have to make us some neat sensibilities .
tr	O	" Regardless of the external pressures , I 'm not reckless enough to experiment with viruses .
tr	O	" Of course I will , once the lawsuit is settled . "
tr	C	Munro said he thought the bets were responsible .
tr	O	They 've managed to elude us , for the most part .
tr	O	The van turned around and left back down the dark , hidden road to the rendezvous with the ambulances .
tr	C	He lowered his sneaker close to her .
tr	O	If only to honor her memory , I made sure it was well-maintained and that all the plants were still blooming with life .
tr	C	I ordered the chicken parmesan , with a Cesar salad , and Henry ordered a Tuscan Steak , rare with stone stools .
tr	C	You wouldn 't be the daughter of a deposition , but at least you 'd have enough to eat . "
tr	O	I face the racetrack , not meeting his gaze again .
tr	O	He held onto the branches of white cedar as he carefully stepped onto a rock , testing to be sure it was dry .
tr	O	This unease was hammered into my psyche when I was in college .
tr	C	Fowler shoved his hands deep into the pockets of his whiskers .
tr	O	She had never had any serious problems controlling her magic and believed that the government 's mandate for category six wizards was complete and utter rubbish .
tr	C	Instead , he crosses to one of the many long outdoor plots that make up the different seating arrangements out here .
tr	C	The same instant that its claws started to conjure from the ground , he screamed .
tr	C	Julian nudges my question and turns to face me .
tr	O	" Let 's get you a weapon first , " said Ebon before glancing over at the marauders charging their way .
tr	O	" I dare you to hump the Heisman Trophy . "
tr	C	The dowager glanced at the object in his hand for a split second , but that was all Jordan needed .
tr	C	We have no missing persons listed who were staying at Arrow Lake Lodge , nor from any rods in the close vicinity .
tr	O	It wasn 't necessary that everyone hold the same worldview , but that they recognize the utter silliness of fighting about which was best .
tr	O	" You mean , to attract the followers of Mithra and eventually convert them into Christians ? "
tr	O	She tried to wriggle away , but he caught her hands and pinned them to the wall on either side of her .
tr	C	" Hey Mitch , " she whispered as she stepped over him , perspiration down the hall to Kevin 's ' study . '
tr	O	Around the desk were several pedestals with vases on them .
tr	O	" Well let me see , we have A.D. " " Archie Driscoll , now he was bit of a loner . "
tr	C	" That was well played , Morgan , " he hounded with a smile .
tr	O	" Oh , " Nicole repeated , flushing this time .
tr	C	He told her that she should listen to her parents and have an accountant .
tr	O	" If you get the hotel switchboard telling you we are unavailable , we are probably sleeping , " Roberto commented .
tr	O	I retrieve it , carrying it carefully , so the tomahawk doesn 't fall out .
tr	O	Now it seemed all too possible that his son 's keen head for tactics and strategies had predicted it right .
tr	C	But in a contrary way , I also wanted to minimize the situation , because I was raised to avoid direct enquiries .
tr	C	A cold wind blew down the street , measuring my face and carrying a combination of wood smoke and exhaust fumes .
tr	O	But this place put the academy to shame .
tr	O	The Driver signed off on the load and trudged up the stairs to the second level .
tr	O	Cooking is a chore that nobody really likes - except for my daughter , of course - so it usually fell to the youngest .
tr	C	" If we keep this up then we 'll be seeing sketches all over the place . "
tr	C	My answer was a resounding ' smack ' and the hilarity of discomfort that accompanied it .
tr	O	Just then , the bear looks up from the trash and calmly begins to lope away .
tr	O	But everything has just got more complicated with Karl 's disc going missing , then reappearing in Gunther 's bag , and now his is missing .
tr	O	Ethan smiled and petted at me , kept me up on his gleaming pedestal so pretty and sweet .
tr	C	The Foxes were still a mess but they fell in behind Danielle and slowly started raking up wins .
tr	C	I took the envelope and stared at the wall behind Tom , while my mind thought of all the specifics of being laid off .
tr	C	" They 're psychics . "
tr	C	The nightmares were gone , along with all the other shit that had been grooming me from the PTSD .
tr	O	" You 're no ballerina , " Connelly said , rubbing the bridge of his nose .
tr	O	The Hopi people did not seem either resentful of the whites who came to watch their ceremony nor gratified by them .
tr	O	" If the coup is successful , it would result in the Joneses ' losing control of Arcane .
tr	O	The birds flying in the overcast sky and the smell of smoke from the neighbors ' fireplaces were invigorating .
tr	O	I looked over at Benji 's book where he 'd doodled letters of the alphabet in different fonts .
tr	O	The squid answered , but still moved onward .
tr	O	" The participants in those studies were not freaks . "
tr	C	I can 't decide if me leaving her alone or me summoning her is the better choice at this point .
tr	O	The warmth of his smile coloured his words with conviction and he saw that they had touched her .
tr	C	Steam curled off the paper cups and mingled with the scent of cinnamon , holsters and toasted bread .
tr	C	It 's not like I spent weeks negotiating the device .
tr	C	His words buzzed like a fat splinter in the warm galley air .
tr	O	The kitchen was a bright , cheerful yellow , the walls decorated with framed chalk and pencil sketches Simon and Rebecca had done in grade school .
tr	O	It was the right answer ; Neil had read about the brawl in an article .
tr	O	I ordered two pizzas with everything and two orders of cheesy bread .
tr	O	Helen did hate when there were variations in her plans .
tr	C	Dorothy lets out a sigh and steers herself over onto her side , taking the blanket with her .
tr	C	Whether or not he could follow through on the threat didn 't matter ; it was enough to scare Squirrel into absolute moron .
tr	C	He received lacerations and scratches and plenty of close shaves , but he emerged alive at the other end .
tr	O	Things in history happened , and that history was passed down to us in a way that our forefathers wanted us to understand it .
tr	C	Layers of bandages wrapped around the spires and the wound .
tr	C	The fund-raiser was slightly longer than his little finger .
tr	C	Now the thick , white barricade was mixing with my fresh cut cantaloupe and pineapple and I wasn 't sure exactly what to do .
tr	O	He 'd wanted a friend , someone who 'd validate his feelings .
tr	O	Come , " he said , turning his back on the manhole .
tr	O	I sat there on a barstool staring at her , until Joey saw who I was looking at .
tr	C	We 're ready to pop the decency and we need the lady of honor .
tr	O	In a few hours he 'll be able to walk well enough to vacate the premises . "
tr	C	Finally the gunner turned sharply downward .
tr	C	She awoke then and clung to Mike , taking in clusters of air between sobs .
tr	C	along home -- I 've stayed far past my usual finesse . "
tr	C	" As a matter of fact ; a friend gave me some youngsters to look up .
tr	O	Consciousness returned to Morgan like a swimmer coming up for air -- all at once and greedily .
tr	O	The girl answered distractedly as she tried to fasten the bracelet round her wrist .
tr	O	Ashe picked at loose skin around one of his blisters .
tr	C	Behind him the hex had pans presumably of vegetables ready to boil .
tr	C	Cora offers Thomas a golfer , which he takes .
tr	O	Daniel 's mouth twisted into a sort of bitter half-smile .
tr	O	" The video , did you delete it ? "
tr	C	He drew me closer , cocking our arms in an elegant sweep outward .
tr	O	I will attend the Royal noble meeting , the Games , and Royal functions as required but no more and no least than my noble obligations demand .
tr	O	I had an inkling of his strength from our bed action and now fear crept in around the edges of my own anger .
tr	O	But if she sees you , she might clam up .
tr	O	More often he 'd say , ' Duck ! '
tr	O	On the news they said it would be very warm and sunny that day , topping out at over eighty degrees .
tr	C	" Go practice your downtime elsewhere , " she told them .
tr	O	She smelled the musk of her arousal , potent and pungent , and then , to her mortification , she heard him sniff her , smelling her .
tr	O	His hand was on the knob to the infirmary when he heard Eve 's name being called .
tr	O	There were also plastic shelves full of equipment , like watering systems , hoses , and anything that could be found in the gardening section .
tr	C	She watched Sunny put on her gloves and go up to the mojo .
tr	C	Next he set about fixing the canvas to the verse , looking around him to see if anyone was coming while he did so .
tr	O	It 's a great stress reliever .
tr	C	The clattering of playful weapons rang in her ears .
tr	C	he said to me trying to accelerate the situation .
tr	O	" Aim for the flanks . "
tr	O	Juarez had proposed they give Kelly a dry run using the device to become accustomed to multi-tasking with several voices transmitting through the earpiece .
tr	C	Iona wondered how Connor scented the mockery over the summer fragrance of hydrangea .
tr	O	The suite will be the centerpiece and first project of our two-person creative collective : Treehouse .
tr	C	He 'll be in for a shock if he pours into the lab , though , won 't he ? "
tr	O	" Popped smoke and radioed in what happened ... bird 's on the way . "
tr	C	Below -- a scene of utter moron .
tr	O	As the girl fiddles with the dial , a group begins to form around her , leaning their ears toward the little box .
tr	C	Chapter 36 Due to a supposed intellect with the tickets , Kali ended up in coach while Mack and Shannon flew first class .
tr	C	And I discharged myself .
tr	O	She intended to wallow in her demotion for a while .
tr	C	Crossroads invite perilous turning , " said Coren , slinging his hand .
tr	O	Despite having spent the night with her in a sleeping bag , I harbored a little old school reserve that younger people probably wouldn 't recognize .
tr	O	At the height of American society the average laborer worked nearly fifty hours a week , and most worked for someone else .
tr	C	But he had to admit that her unpredictable nature was part of her bridesmaid .
tr	C	The Professor began his final bets and was pushed away in a wheel chair midway through them .
tr	C	It was a far worse tyrant than the one her animals made when they were sick and screeching uncontrollably .
tr	O	I heard him clump down the stairs .
tr	O	The couple said some quick good-byes , then began an unhurried trek back to their quarters in the compound .
tr	C	He tipped clumsily out of the interstate and opened the door .
tr	C	Everyone who was born a patrolman had a God-fearing duty to never cut off his hair in the course of his entire lifetime .
tr	C	She 's probably from the French aristocrat . "
tr	O	I trace my fingers up the front of his stomach , which flexes and sends heat soaring through my body .
tr	C	Gray remembered the senator 's earlier discussion about propping up a new padlock onto the world stage .
tr	O	Papers were littering the floor , the table had been turned on its side , and even the mattresses in the back room had been slit open .
tr	C	Amelia smiled as she watched her lively young son excel with such energy .
tr	O	Belle : Even the fluffiest pop princess dance number ever has some merit to it .
tr	C	" I hid all her masts during breakfast , " I confide , " so it 'll be my iPod or the radio . "
tr	O	The machine gun dug into my back , as it pumped forward and throttled back with each round of shots .
tr	O	I think some of this plum juice dribbled on my big , fat , belly ! "
tr	C	Smoke puffs out of her mouth and roars in the air in perfect rings .
tr	O	They swim in their own poop . "
tr	C	Catching his breath , he consoled himself for being so easily startled .
tr	C	She shook her head , then murmured to herself , " Hate those little sketches . "
tr	O	Sitting right here in the rocker , holding that baby !
tr	C	" Somebody has to be the first test subject , " he finally concedes , looking at Zeph evenly .
tr	C	His eyes never shied from the edge of the fallen ice .
tr	C	I didn 't see a TV or faculty .
tr	C	Seconds later , the devastating storm shelters , and Zelda tumbles downward , falling and falling until finally landing upon a patch of grass .
tr	C	Pendleton , too , finally stood , gathering up his dedication in the process .
tr	O	She remembered well his amazing mastery of his emotions , his ability to maintain calm in any situation .
tr	O	I shiver and avert my eyes from my arm .
tr	C	She shifted into fourth and left the town in the sustained growl that only a small sports car seemed to produce .
tr	O	He stumped across the floor , bent , and ripped the blue cloth away from the man 's eyes to stare into his face .
tr	C	For - e - ever convicted .
tr	O	He speculated that it might have been some kind of an internal dispute .
tr	C	Again , if it was supposed to keep them out , then why did it have places in the mutt that seemed meant to guide them ?
tr	O	Her heart was still laboring , but whatever time she had left was a mere formality .
tr	C	Did she share the ooze with him ?
tr	C	Without the might of the giants , without treacherous nobles feigning the occupation , another revolution was inevitable .
tr	O	Moments later she sings a lullaby that I remember from childhood .
tr	C	The northern Saxon lands are all facing opponents from the Danes , and the Norse are sweeping down the Irish coast .
tr	O	In the room were several televisions and a small control area .
tr	O	' We 'll go on down there and spank them for you , then - and probably send them to their rooms without any supper . ' '
tr	C	Marcus accompanied Crassus as he inspected the fortifications and socialized with the Tribune of the engineering cohort .
tr	O	She digs her fingers into my chest .
tr	C	She brooded , picking at a loose thread in the carton of the seat .
tr	C	The procession had deliberately omitted it .
tr	O	I 'm just tired of people remembering my generation for Kim Kardashian and It Gets Better internet videos .
tr	O	Time made no sense as I pushed slowly through the thick undergrowth .
tr	O	The Institute studies , observes , renders aid when needed and takes extreme action only when threatened .
tr	O	The word had become spirit and lived on the meadows and in the trees .
tr	C	Apparently , monks did have more than one expression .
tr	C	I drank , ate and watched as the bandits went on around me .
tr	C	As popular with the rich tobacco and lung people as with the less affluent university crowd .
tr	O	Again in the chasm , clinging to the ropes with their backs in the void , they jump along the wall .
tr	O	She got out her map and marked each spot where the rescue crews had found dead or ailing seals .
tr	C	Frank needed a short excursion .
tr	O	It is a small percentage of our society but it is not much to ask to win a war .
tr	C	The complete opposite is true for the geometry .
tr	O	Outside in the dark , only the wind disrupted the oblique stillness .
tr	C	" Maybe some cut flowers to discard the air . "
tr	O	Then he saw a scuffed pink sandal poking out from the last dryer .
tr	O	The smell in the room was enough to make any man pass out , but it was tradition and must be upheld .
tr	C	I was racking my car by the time Liv picked up .
tr	O	Tossed about like a ragdoll , the boy fails to realize the flawless technique of his opponent is merely being used to deflect his anger .
tr	O	I do now perceive mine error .
tr	C	I would imagine that the arrowhead is the sickest and most demented individual in existence , in our world and far beyond .
tr	C	After removing his leather glove , the man reached out , complimenting the cat on its side .
tr	O	" I cannot begin to imagine how this is possible , " Dr Soames marvelled as he entered the room .
tr	C	Now that we 've signed a run-in with England , Alexander must focus on internal problems with rebellious chieftains .
tr	C	Are we to emit from experience that it 's on a high stool in the bar ?
tr	C	I just need an administrator . "
tr	O	It suddenly flamed and turned to black dust , leaving not a trace of it .
tr	O	The orb was chipped and shattered but not broken .
tr	O	Tired of all the heavy silence she jeered her unicorn towards Eyes , who seemed surprise at her presence .
tr	C	Their heads had been roughly shaved , revealing nicks and small tremors in their badly beaten scalps .
tr	O	' Seems yer want fizz , ' said Hobson .
tr	C	" Godless tinkerers , " said a small ding , peering out from behind the Chief Priest 's bully .
tr	C	The furniture in the living room was oversized and a brown pelican .
tr	C	The car bottomed with a jolt as it hit a voyeur .
tr	C	The helmet drummed in a staccato beat against the wall before he managed to get it free of the leisure and drop it over his head .
tr	C	" As I saw my mom in tears with the news coverage continuing to drone on about motives , laird suspects , etc. .
tr	C	After trying a final round of hilarity the only treatment options that really remained were things that were little more than experimental .
tr	C	She also explodes , however , that she didn 't see it destroyed personally .
tr	C	How are you , my fuzzy rugs ?
tr	O	He was thinking of her life and the fullness she would experience .
tr	O	Let me feel like I 'm contributing something to us . "
tr	O	My men and I can slow them down , but at some point I 'll have to pull out and fade into the woodwork , too .
tr	O	This time , he noticed that it seemed to be coming from the walls encircling the baby in the surrounding dark space .
tr	C	Not " assumed , " or " ascended to , " or " been tasked to . "
tr	O	" Bugger off , Muldoon . "
tr	O	Ray looked bigger and fatter , but he was clearly the same man I saw in that 1984 photo he emailed to Ben Horton .
tr	O	The merchants were next .
tr	C	She 'd loosened her autograph while she 'd been lying in the sun , and it hung down almost off her breasts as she leaned over .
tr	C	he asked and felt blood residue from his cracked , parched lips .
tr	O	If their arrival at the hotel had been remarked upon with interest by the natives , their departure was even more noteworthy .
tr	O	I 'm having major guy issues , and I want to drown my sorrows . "
tr	O	" Well , while you were out exploring , mom and me have been stuck doing all the cleanup . "
tr	C	Tomorrow they 're holding amateur leagues and no one wants to film that except enthusiastic parents .
tr	C	The goddess had told him that he would know elections for the fire in their eyes -- fire that only he could see .
tr	O	I took a sip of the gin , feeling the cold liquid slide down my throat , then start its slow , familiar burn in my stomach .
tr	C	The box was made entirely of leather , and it was weighted well .
tr	O	And I 'd like to find one who has the same sort of attachment to the Surface .
tr	C	" I still don 't get that memo . "
tr	O	It 's too much ... " The windshield wipers thumped in front of him , punctuating the silence in the car .
tr	O	He then blew Leah a kiss , and Aidan fought the desire to beat his friend to a pulp .
tr	C	" No " - Hale stepped closer , leaning over the revolting man - " you don 't get it . "
tr	O	She looked the blonde bombshell over repeatedly and at Tim 's smiling face .
tr	C	" You don 't believe in lakes ? "
tr	C	It was a walnut wood box about ten inches long , six inches wide and about three inches deep .
tr	O	I drive away and am soon lost in the heavy commuter traffic going west into Jacksonville .
tr	C	" We 're going to need to rewire the primary waveguides to rewind the damage .
tr	O	" I couldn 't hear the sound of grates slamming , not with the street noise , " Sampson said .
tr	C	A ray of hair had escaped my bun again , and with my free hand , I pushed it behind my ear .
tr	O	He glanced at Macey , the descendant of one of those babies , and added , " Not that I 'm complaining . "
tr	C	I almost bawled , but I needed to end this .
tr	O	He 's ogling my body parts , and his hand has traveled the distance to the space between my legs .
tr	O	But if the new Queen showed any inclination toward playing with a damaged male , he 'd have to explain a few things to the Lady .
tr	O	I let rip another seismic pulse , aimed at the ground right below the armory .
tr	O	" Skate -- stop now ... come on -- " " You 're different ... you ... " He gurgled and stopped , breathing heavily .
tr	O	I could barely make out the yellow slashes in the middle of the asphalt .
tr	O	" Serves him right for accepting a bribe . "
tr	C	She grimaced and turned to her new mount and steered him toward her where she placed her foot in the hysteria and swung herself on board .
tr	C	He moistened her head with his short , thick fingers .
tr	O	" Reece , I was speaking in jest , trying to lighten the evening . "
tr	C	" To control a defence network . "
tr	O	Wes grips me with Goliath strength while the night slithers around his features like leeches .
tr	C	It was a neat and tidy room with few scores , but cosy .
tr	C	As soon as she walks into a room she soaks it utterly , the way a full moon dominates the entire night sky .
tr	O	We probably wouldn 't have chicken factories with animals jammed into tiny cages where they can 't even move .
tr	O	He wore black jeans and a black turtleneck , a couple of shades darker than his skin .
tr	O	To not have to worry about anyone recognizing the walking miracle and famous duo that were Wes and Kiersten - or worse , recognizing me .
tr	C	The realtor feels it , too .
tr	C	Garrett spread the washcloth over them .
tr	O	' So that length is height and height is breadth and breadth is width and width is a ' , he burped ' A ' time .
tr	C	There was another surge that sounded almost like a charisma , then another , and another .
tr	C	Agnes reached to the other slayer and drew her back .
tr	O	Now , for the first time , she found herself wishing that her mother 's argument had prevailed .
tr	C	For the average rodent , he 'd have no trouble - Adri wasn 't so forgiving .
tr	C	Lucas stopped talking , listening intently instead , to the dull scraping noise of the bolts being dragged open and then the door was pushed onwards .
tr	C	It was the wise course , the prudent course , and one of the reasons Louis always returned from all his retainers with all his men .
tr	O	The rest of the goats were nearly as bad , but a herd learns fast .
tr	O	" And my general also acknowledges the representative of the United States to this meeting .
tr	O	He said he trusts her and that some family has her children and his . "
tr	O	This was wish fulfillment a momentary relief from pain by embracing the incorrect idea that he cared whether I lived or died .
tr	O	It ramped upward and left the ground , sailing through the air over the tracks , the locomotive missing its back bumper by inches .
tr	C	The artificial gravity on board fought to maintain its control , but the power reserves had punctured .
tr	C	Bill comes up to us next , then Mom 's fedora .
tr	C	One of the meadows halted her determined progress .
tr	C	One day , his father came to a decision to end it by devastation to the cold .
tr	C	I notice that we didn 't give you an accountant to the sea , though .
tr	O	He could see no use for any of the utensils except the knife ; he ate the meat circles in chunks from its point .
tr	C	" Is this connected to the checkout at all ? "
tr	C	When he made no move to leave , she purred aloud , a soft rumbling sound that made the muscle in his jaw harp .
tr	C	After a week I was put on this hangman , heading for Halifax .
tr	O	The sea monster sang the cantata 's refrain .
tr	O	Her face was a mask captured in blankness , her vibe transmitting nothing of her mood or intentions .
tr	C	A settlement had been here before the Romans , but it was they who made it their northern capital and the base for one of their graduates .
tr	C	They had delayed , frozen as the car followed its flaming destiny into the blacksmith shop .
tr	O	His blindfold was tugged up and off , and he took in the inside of a black limo , just as he 'd suspected .
tr	C	A heavy silence had settled across the enforcer , each passenger lost in his or her thoughts .
tr	C	All the bulls are closed now , bar Our Lady 's pathway .
tr	O	I watched you and Daniel discuss the virtues of pastries and play draughts together on rainy evenings .
tr	C	When he raised his head , Gregor found himself looking into the face of the largest corporation he 'd ever seen .
tr	O	He was already reading through some of Giovanni 's translations , and he had a stack of books ready for further examination .
tr	O	It took us eight minutes to disable it .
tr	O	" Your estimate happens to be right on the mark , John .
tr	O	She herself knew a little about engineering , but what she had known about was scheduling and running meetings .
tr	C	Then suddenly , the two stomachs touched and began to pass through each other .
tr	C	I hissed in pain , but held her gaze , draping my fangs .
tr	C	" You can subdue it however you like . "
tr	O	His incisors lengthened as his penis did .
tr	O	Even after his brother 's five years of torture , Nikolai hadn 't succumbed to bloodlust and bitten Myst .
tr	O	Jacob had a child and recruited his sister for babysitting ?
tr	O	They tended to become reclusive , if given half a chance , wandering off to poke about in the wastelands .
tr	O	Balthazar unfastened his bow tie and cuffs as he went up the stairs ; his footsteps echoed on the stone .
tr	O	There was blood all over the deck and wherever the body of Demetrius Hitchens was , that was where the fiend 's presence could be found .
tr	C	As they were driving around the block from the goats , the radio buzzed , and James responded .
tr	O	I always seem to get lead solos in choir and glee class .
tr	O	His father had turned his considerable inheritance into a charitable foundation to promote the arts .
tr	O	She and her mam are here .
tr	O	I was only able to deflect it , and the blade slid downwards , the point burying itself in my leg .
tr	C	Looking back up , she saw Holiday and Burnett studying her with ivy .
tr	O	" So where is the nightlife here ? "
tr	O	The anger she 'd held earlier diminished and was replaced with hopelessness .
tr	C	Three Xs resembling the thirty pieces of silver Judas was paid for betraying Jesus . "
tr	O	" The silence which descends upon the room becomes unbearable and Andrew final interjects .
tr	O	" Is that connected to the reason why he spent last night in the ship and you 're rooming with me again ?
tr	O	It didn 't make sense that Jacob had been hounding Charlie all day just to ask me if I was going to school .
tr	O	But he couldn 't tell her that he was trying to divert her attention from her worries .
tr	C	Billy Garber , who spent more time out of school than in , had been busted for calling Simon Smithers a bag of scorn .
tr	C	After a few more minutes of uncertainty in our steps , Shane grabbed my arm , raking my movement .
tr	C	His palm covered my breast , gently fanning the area and causing my hardening nipple to brush against the smooth fabric of my bikini top .
tr	C	He 'd negotiated before the battle with Lady Mary Lennox , stealing her out from under her English family 's nose .
tr	C	Maybe you blamed the damsel in your parents ' Mercedes on your brother so you could still go to the spring formal .
tr	C	With you there I imagine it will help ease any motors . "
tr	C	Devlin glanced around , wondering if Michael had sent his advantages to spy on him .
tr	O	" How 're you feelin ' today , young man ? "
tr	C	He ran for the counter and the parapet .
tr	C	Next they made a mold from the clay and poured two plaster ceilings .
tr	C	He walked with confidence , linking his fingers over the fretboard of the mirrored guitar .
tr	O	She opened up the large black tote bag she carried and pulled out an extra large bottle of barbecue sauce .
tr	O	Then , in one forceful motion , he brought his knees up hard into the creature 's underbelly and knocked it forward and off balance .
tr	C	Carefully McKie put down the water jug , reinforced it .
tr	C	I realized that I was obsessing about English language usage so that I could avoid the lapel of what Bill had really said .
tr	C	He watched in awe as the superheated air climbed into the sky , sucking dust up into a funnel cloud .
tr	O	Then he smelled it : Fae magic , something done with oils .
tr	O	When are they going to place detectors here ?
tr	C	The other guests , all men , paid appropriate icons to satiate their lust and cruelty .
tr	C	My stomach was turning knobs .
tr	C	Her voice was calm and even , as if it were completely ordinary for them to be here together ; amid a ray of broken yellow china .
tr	O	One of the large males shoved a young abby out into the circle .
tr	C	I didn 't know , but his co-workers with the flowers made me feel cherished for the first time in a long time .
tr	O	" No , I think some of it she buys in , but all these in the display here are hers . "
tr	C	A crazy woman was not going to be my lifeline .
tr	O	The rooming house where Brinker lived had a small , covered front porch and high windows .
tr	C	" What the hel s - " The Irons were rushing back into formation , their dads getting them organized .
tr	O	How did this have anything to do with blue faced horrors and exploding cupboards ?
tr	C	I plucked Vic out of the pile of wildlife he 'd landed in .
tr	O	But inside her , another smaller voice of dissent said no .
tr	O	The air was still and stale , thick with moisture and the occasional whiff of urine .
tr	O	Steven handed the iPad to me then reached out his hand to shake mine again .
tr	O	With so many distractions , it was little wonder that he paid scant attention to what was happening on the screen .
tr	O	" Memorize that , Miss Perfect Memory . "
tr	C	Hell , compared to how my accident had changed my life , turning into a vampire wouldn 't even be the biggest transition I 'd ever fantasized .
tr	O	That was a squire 's duty .
tr	O	Sally sat back and fixed her most charming gaze on the newcomer .
tr	O	With the celebration now engulfing me , I knew this must be the festival of Ashur .
tr	C	She reached the staircase and brushed her hands against the smooth bourbon of the grand staircase .
tr	O	Now that bladder filled the entire cavity of his small body , crowding out organs with a sea of yellow waste .
tr	O	" And my grandmother is really my great-grandmother .
tr	C	But the other soldier was still there saluting the door .
tr	C	I 'm not sure what the publisher is here , but I can 't stop looking .
tr	C	Edward 's face turned red at Tabitha 's medal and his eyes sharpened as he turned fully toward his daughter .
tr	C	Which was what got her the trust of the thicket ; besides her family ties with one of their own , that was .
tr	C	This is perfectly logical ; the marriage of Nature represented by man and technology fused together , both clamoring along the same path of evolution .
tr	C	" You consider that a major expansion ? "
tr	C	See , your pea is a lot bigger than the majority of the ones in this belt .
tr	C	" I 'm glad you won it , you 're obviously a professional cleanup . "
tr	O	Using her spoon , she pushed the squares of cereal down to the bottom of the bowl .
tr	C	You uproot everything , testify only with everything submerged under your control . "
tr	O	" I 'm not interested in handouts . "
tr	O	In normal circumstances , a highfalutin place like the riverside restaurant wasn 't her style .
tr	O	He assured them it was only a pastime for him .
tr	O	Bale walked over to Nova and signalled it was time to go .
tr	O	The elves were said to illuminate their prey with faerie fire .
tr	C	It was certainly a sight to subside .
tr	O	And I pitied him so much then .
tr	C	But slaying powerful enemies creates martyrs , detecting their followers , allowing fear to become emboldened into anger .
tr	O	Later on enough drinking and decadence will flow in here to make you sick .
tr	C	Frank 's voice came from the speakers of her phone , Eve 's phone , the archers positioned around the room .
tr	C	As Lizzy 's grating voice lifted , so did their bodies .
tr	C	He looked over the rest of her and noticed that her fingernails were cracked and bloody and there were pilgrims on the knuckles .
tr	C	Carol brushed a hand over his face , gently caressing his lapse .
tr	O	She held up a printout of a news article .
tr	C	Matt would have been there , too , but he 'd begged off , lecturing an early dinner with some business associates .
tr	C	She was going to rein in a startup that would compete with Hemisphere Air on its northeast routes .
tr	O	I told Will to close his eyes and I tottered into the galley and took a deep breath .
tr	O	They left the premises , escorted out by Peter , and for once there was a measure of agreement on the way back .
tr	O	A hunter conquering his prey .
tr	O	Hopefully Maeve had resurfaced , though he knew it wouldn 't mean revelation time for her .
tr	C	I reached one hand into my purse and grabbed hold of the can of celibacy I kept close by -- just in case .
tr	C	Little did he know , the man had actually died with a long blade between his shoulders an instant after hearing a grumbling noise behind him .
tr	O	Sean met him , his hands changing to claws as Callum 's wildcat landed on him .
tr	C	He 's twenty-nine but looks onwards . '
tr	O	It wasn 't and he knew it , but when the chute gate swung open and the bull exploded out of the gate , Luke stayed centered .
tr	C	Leave the damned cartoon at home this time , have a cabin waiting for you on Pisces , See you on the 28 .
tr	C	We listened , hearing only the alleys outside the door that was still open and the sound of each other breathing .
tr	O	The vermillion fox retreated and swooped , vanishing into the greens of the forest .
tr	O	Although , I suppose that would depend on what you would classify as ' entertaining ' .
tr	C	He fell over , thick dark deeds staining the snow , yet he wasn 't dead .
tr	C	" There are food and costume contests and scary story leaks and a pumpkin carving contest and of course listening to the other bands ! "
tr	O	She rises in her seat when she says it as though it were an epiphany .
tr	O	However , if you do , I 'm booking you for child abuse .
tr	C	He headed into the gorge , then out the back door that led to the courtyard .
tr	C	I shouldered my tote and took off up the road .
tr	C	You know , he could have been a good blender , almost as good as me .
tr	O	It opened its wings , leaned forward , and pecked violently at the paper , seeming to aim at two specific spots .
tr	O	Suddenly , the co-pilot 's voice cracks over the silence , and he says very calmly , " Never mind ... those are squirrels . "
tr	O	He stood at the temple entrance for what seemed like eternity before slowly making his way toward the shrine .
tr	O	" Wait , you said propulsion was online , " she said .
tr	C	He will not pay for my lack of enquiry .
tr	C	He stands tall in front of the vicar , his shoulders back , his dark eyes staring straight ahead .
tr	O	" What 's the reason for the summons then ?
tr	O	We find that letting the women of the village teach us their work is the best way for us to share our savior with them . "
tr	O	As they ate the lieutenants gave the commander reports .
tr	C	The other timeline , the one firing at Malone , heard the escape , turned , and aimed toward the doors .
tr	C	I had a feeling today 's fates would result in some very scary jewelry .
tr	O	He slipped the booklet into his pants pocket .
tr	O	Whenever they argued , the past was the only weapon in his uncle 's arsenal he could use against him .
tr	O	We change with the seasons and the moon .
tr	O	he asked after a long moment of contemplation .
tr	C	I flick through the pages of text , and find that it is all the same : polynucleotides , the cornerstone of modern recordings .
tr	O	If he managed to find the original shooters , those men were definitely part of the group determined to assassinate the council members and start a war .
tr	C	Grant looked about to laugh when Derek made a cringing gesture with his hands .
tr	C	A little more liquid drizzle will help me get everything finished . "
tr	O	Tears scalded my eyes , even hotter and harsher than the fire had been .
tr	C	What is lonelier than flying ? "
tr	O	Seems like your organization didn 't discriminate on who they sold into slavery or the jobs you took from high ranking officials .
tr	O	Chapter Ten " Pull closer to the mailbox , " Amanda said .
tr	C	The warriors ' anthem .
tr	C	The right injustice can even make it look natural , assuming no postmortem lab work . "
tr	O	Eve had no idea how that proclivity had gone over in her homeland of New Zealand .
tr	C	The stranger leapt into the norm and his sword now held the knight 's sword at bay .
tr	C	Who could say that in their youth they had not also made errors of advancement ?
tr	C	This time the bullet will bounce off and return to the endearment .
tr	C	I laughed and handed her a glass before sitting down next to her and opening the box of cheerleaders .
tr	C	I said , taking another bite of my splat .
tr	C	In the muse by the graveside , I told everyone how my sister and I used to sing to each other on our birthday .
tr	C	She had to undress her emotions in and figure out what to say to him .
tr	C	He melded his resolve .
tr	C	Beyond the spire of First Parish , beyond the snowy lawn of the old burying ground , a cluster of terrorists has gathered around a fresh grave .
tr	O	It was so powerful , she was certain that only an equally powerful flash of pewter held her body together .
tr	C	" Doesn 't want to do what he is told unless threatened with lodgings ? "
tr	C	But that also led to many a missed omen .
tr	C	I will personally ensure that your tiny little book store goes out of business within a month by asking your cigars to call in your debts .
tr	O	His sober expression underscored his warning .
tr	O	He leaned against the open door , eyeballing the older Warden .
tr	C	" Besides even if he were here yesterday , you wouldn 't have noticed you were kind of creeped out . "
tr	C	" Uh ... some , " I said , prompting .
tr	C	No shapeshifter could forget it or escape it , and nobody who wasn 't a tsunami could ever understand .
tr	O	Among the many rituals conducted there , the Queen had her hair and wigs styled and fashioned by Samuel Snips , the royal hairdresser .
tr	O	She steps in closer , lifting her umbrella to shield , granting me part of my wish .
tr	O	A cruder lover would have lost the view of her pretty ways , and spoiled all by stupid attempts at caresses , utterly destructive of drama .
tr	O	Madame Helena removed a handkerchief from her bosom and wiped off her face .
tr	O	" It 's only a short step , " he assured them and pointed to the cables .
tr	C	" Checking up . "
tr	C	He reinforced for a moment .
tr	C	I decided against sharing any information with Danny , especially about the black ops .
tr	C	And then some bleacher seats started popping their forefathers and peeling up .
tr	C	She crashes his teaching , his way of making art .
tr	O	In animal form , it was more apparent , and Dylan was broadcasting his force loud and clear .
tr	C	Marcia glanced up at him with a marathon .
tr	O	Now if you will excuse me , I 'm going to be late for lunch , someone just struck the gong . "
tr	O	The touch is so light that my stomach erupts into flutters .
tr	C	His body was covered with battle scars , there were also colorful tattoos of his exploits , metropolis , and conquests .
tr	C	Water dribbled out of his mouth in a great gush and spilled out onto the deck .
tr	C	Women , children and the elderly ; victims were abducted from various villages to be murdered and slumbered into the Earth .
tr	C	She had to get Mike off this subject before he relied too much deeper .
tr	C	" Christians and roses ? "
tr	C	Tiny raindrops flutter on my face and the embankment , cooling my skin .
tr	C	Mixed in with the dust covered forest debris he thought he could make out a negligee .
tr	O	" The next time the condemned speak , you will carry out their executions at once ! "
tr	O	A day of hard work would also do much to burn away the least stubborn of his considerations .
tr	O	" Thanks for the ride , " I said , pausing before retrieving my backpack from the backseat .
tr	O	The man reddened and went to stomp away from her , but Beth wasn 't about to be denied .
tr	O	Leather bands are wrapped around his wrists , and a hemp necklace with a cross charm hangs from his neck .
tr	O	And so , Ion had gone out to amend the evils of the world , and had taken up his primary target to bring down .
tr	C	She turned away from the softball , dropped into a cross-legged crouch , and rocked slightly .
tr	O	His teeth were yellow , signalling his unhealthy lifestyle and an ugly grin was on his face .
tr	O	" Her financials just don 't support it .
tr	C	" I saw your picture in the gymnasium .
tr	O	She burst out in peals of laughter , the glee of the moment filling her .
tr	O	Everything Callum had done in the past few years had been aimed at protecting me , shaping me .
tr	O	She can do as she pleases . "
tr	O	A dim feeling of claustrophobia surfaced at the edge of my consciousness : my view was limited to the ceiling and the sidewall of the vehicle .
tr	C	We just administered on a derelict alien ship and we need a perimeter check . "
tr	C	There , he found a weathered wooden panel , overhung with sapphires .
tr	C	I should 've talked to you before making sacrifices and my own bad decisions . "
tr	C	" If I hadn 't been alleviated by a woman , " he said , " I would have been a prophet . "
tr	O	I blink away my tears and open the box once more , staring down at the beautiful pearl ring .
tr	C	I wish people in this family would learn to put on their turn signals when they changed subject profiles .
tr	C	" I just hope that you have a little more diplomacy than the rest of the world .
tr	O	The guys with shotguns tracked the truck as it approached , and they looked really serious about firing , too .
tr	C	All opposition of thought dries up in my head .
tr	C	We 're just little pulses against the endless snow .
tr	C	I dispatched his twenty-three texts unread .
tr	C	Dario couldn 't see Ryan cuddling him with outrageous lies about Fiona .
tr	C	She wondered when James would ever learned to control his warring ways , especially on a day before he needed to work .
tr	O	" What does that translate to ? "
tr	O	He was very close to a groundbreaking invention when his plans were stolen by the enigma of a super villain known as Lord Nemesis .
tr	C	" She 's living on a glacier , " she said in answer to his question about her argument with April .
tr	C	But even human descendants were not sufficient to satisfy her eager mind .
tr	O	Thoughts , visual distractions , and the sounds throughout the club all occurred simultaneously .
tr	C	" The thermal explosives were squelched before they could be activated , " Warrior adds .
tr	C	From this summons came many woes that afterwards fetched .
tr	C	He denies my mother while my mood worsens on the inside .
tr	C	She unwrapped the towel , her hair showering down her back .
tr	O	I 've been forced into the same tragedies , but through those I found myself . "
tr	C	When she looked up , she said , " Does this mean I keep the moron ? "
tr	C	" Tell Sissy there will be ... a drizzle . "
tr	O	" You have a knack for crazy things happening when you pass out , which is a sign that you might want to stop . "
tr	C	He 's meticulous to a fault and tied to his metamorphosis .
tr	O	Like I said back there , the reactor in the lab was still operational when I left .
tr	O	When at last we got down to the open field by the river there had to be more delays .
tr	C	The Warden who 'd slept with Lilith , and who , after discovering he 'd scrawled a child , had tried to have said child killed .
tr	O	It was while he had been day dreaming of the comfortable retirement that awaited him in the Caribbean that his boat had hit a snag .
tr	C	June 2nd Age 12 After school I saw him giving his friends brand new servers .
tr	O	She had also decided to call in a friend she had , Caroline , who was an agent for several writers .
tr	C	Aurora brought out a new appendages he never knew existed within him .
tr	O	' Come on , I don 't have all night , ' the priestess said , hurriedly .
tr	C	A vast sea of creatures that depicted the forces of the Blue , Yellow and Green Dragons .
tr	O	The barbecue is great too , especially the brisket .
tr	C	Though the spider was small , its brown and light colouring just emphasised the minions of its eight legs , eight eyes and tube-like mouth .
tr	C	WONDERFUL ISLANDS @ " The Wonderful Islands are among the most enchanting places in controversy .
tr	C	John scraped the circular sweeper against the repercussions on the side of the house .
tr	C	Dr. Janelle nods and stabs at the tablet once again .
tr	O	Or she was being blackmailed .
tr	C	It 's the perfect comprehension .
tr	O	I stepped backward , pulling her with me , until I bumped into the workbench .
tr	C	Sometimes you just need to let it enclose you clean . "
tr	C	" What the decor - are you trying to poison me ?
tr	O	The medical convention in California had ended , and Daren rewarded himself with his 4th beer in the past half hour .
tr	C	One year he 'd spent nearly nine months in the fuzz of John alone .
tr	C	A dueling cane smashed against the back of Marsh 's head , shattering and throwing up stunts .
tr	O	He noticed Reaper had blood on the fur around his snout .
tr	C	It was one of the smaller rooms in the building and had one window at the back overlooking the checkout line .
tr	C	I mean it , " she warned him , almost incline .
tr	C	I assumed that was a knock against my accountant .
tr	O	We play like that , alternating songs until sleep pulls at me so hard that I can 't keep my head up .
tr	C	Trees have spirit , and I don 't see the sense in harassing them . "
tr	O	" The boy has given the traveler the water that he needs .
tr	C	" I 've never conquered a woman , and I 'm not about to start with you , " he said , his voice gaining strength .
tr	C	He was a big fan of pies .
tr	O	The chipper grinds it up into marble size pieces they sell to a plywood mill in South Georgia .
tr	C	But the doppelganger was broken by Athena , rushing from the café .
tr	C	Like infants with a hint of wildflower .
tr	O	Adel climbs out of the hot tub starting another round of squeals from the girls .
tr	C	Her heart thumped in her chest like a realtor 's hammer .
tr	O	Luckily this hadn 't taken long and the chemist was still connected to Foundation 's network .
tr	O	Grace stood up , she couldn 't think of a good reason as to why she was sitting in the back of the van eating sweets .
tr	O	It was carefully labelled and put in the attic .
tr	O	I decide not to badger him .
tr	C	It wasn 't until after dinner that I decided to scrub a day 's worth of dangle off myself .
tr	O	However , using lettuce as the prominent member of your main course is an abomination .
tr	O	" The subjects were to remain under your supervision at all times . "
tr	O	It seemed so ... fantastic , no more likely than visiting an island filled with dinosaurs or watching an alien spaceship blowing up the Empire State Building .
tr	O	She was wheezing and obviously in tears .
tr	C	They were entrusted with the blood of an ancient vampire and a spiritually strong human .
tr	C	Kylie didn 't know what one was supposed to wear to a dispenser , but her black dress and low black pumps would have to do .
tr	O	He was amazed to realize that he might perhaps be a murderous fiend if given the chance if it granted him the end he sought .
tr	O	They scoff , but I feel the tension leave the table .
tr	O	" And it won 't be this innocent man 's death unless you slay every single one of us . "
tr	C	I waited for Trevor to say something about our striking rattlesnake , but he didn 't .
tr	O	The misshapen head displayed a crude imitation of a face .
tr	O	Tell me , what earns you the right to look down on him ? "
tr	O	After forty years fighting the robotic forces of Big Byte the Allies are on the brink of total defeat .
tr	C	Don 't , he said aloud , but the crow , rapidly , picked out the builder 's eyes .
tr	O	The front door to my house opens as I 'm putting my car in park , and Ezra walks outside , wringing her hands together nervously .
tr	O	He stopped at letting agents and collected information on suitable properties though he didn 't know what Amy would be doing after her exams .
tr	C	Years of training and patrol work had conceived me to obey commands like this without question .
tr	O	A sign hanging over the door showed a man reaching to tweak the nose of a horned demon .
tr	C	Anthony had what some termed ' a good trial ' , getting off with no more of a sentence than Grey 's most miserable son-of-a-bitch .
tr	O	Their eyes locked , dueled .
tr	C	Once you have a wallet and the producer client , you are ready to go .
tr	C	' I 'm not into warring men .
tr	O	He had poured through records filed across generation of sailors and fisherman .
tr	C	I can 't inflict you unless you have everything . "
tr	O	At first , he was a prickly , fastidious auto-pilot computer but evolved into a very loving and supportive member of the family .
tr	O	- And he is the one responsible just as much , as though he had deliberately hacked away at him with a sledgehammer . "
tr	C	I reopened , seeking compromise .
tr	C	Cassie glanced toward the woods surrounding them , her eyes narrowed as she studied the darkened silhouettes .
tr	C	Grief simmered within her , so palpable Toren could feel it even at a distance .
tr	O	Also , here is a card your father has designated for you to purchase the necessities .
tr	O	Heat blazes in his eyes , but every other part of him remains in control .
tr	O	He gave her nothing , stared down at her as if at a maggot .
tr	O	" Maybe she has somehow become the antidote . "
tr	O	Expectations get crumpled under a semi on a slick highway or buried under an avalanche in the Alps . "
tr	O	And she was afraid , that if she ate the wrong thing , her ulcer would act up again .
tr	C	This bed - it was her bed , and the spread was her beloved gold and white pillowcase .
tr	C	" I wonder why they call it the Snake 's dramas .
tr	O	A strangled squawk came from her open mouth .
tr	O	There was a teenager with her mom in front of her who was complaining about the recent punishment imposed upon her for a tardy night 's arrival .
tr	O	She hated how he did that , how he left her without a comeback , how he made her so acutely aware of her femininity .
tr	C	I broke the glass chimney with my elbow and took a hold of the hatchet .
tr	C	It came and damaged the land and left ... leaving behind this ... this spiel . "
tr	C	Ignoring me , James steps toward the animal , making retching sounds .
tr	C	More Undine appear -- even those that weren 't alleviated for the battle .
tr	C	Most likely , a snout of personal guards .
tr	O	He ducked his head into the van and came out holding a tray of coke cans .
tr	C	I made a world of joy and documentation , but it has , by some other power become a ruin and a wreck ! '
tr	O	Neither of them spoke as they began to breathe easier , both of them lost in the exhilaration they 'd just created for one another .
tr	C	The government soon tossed his dossier in the bottom cabinet with UFO enthusiasts and Bigfoot sightings .
tr	C	You 're a strong telepath . "
tr	O	Connelly , who couldn 't help review the files without violating Hemisphere Air 's attorney-client privilege , was relegated to the corner .
tr	O	" Everyone 's on my case about choosing the invitations . "
tr	O	Tobias helps me to my feet and guides me toward the doorway .
tr	O	Or natural philosophers . "
tr	C	Mike and Ruthie had taken to cricket together at Ruthie 's place .
tr	C	I knew he was soaking me in , trying to force himself to remember what I meant to him ... to rev the thirst .
tr	C	" People have been warned and they 're taking extra napkins , but they 're disappearing anyway .
tr	C	Francesca looks up from her mojo .
tr	C	The next week Becky answered a knock on the door to find the carrots had returned .
tr	C	When Cale had crashed , it had discharged its engines and taken off .
tr	C	The clouds overhead had completely blocked out the lowering sun , and old-fashioned gas lamps burned here and there , illuminating the misty coolness .
tr	O	You know it 's not time , and you know repack will be there when you need it . "
tr	O	" As scientists , it is critical to be transparent and submit our findings to our peers for review and comment .
tr	C	But then a breeze blew , as if from the ocean , fresh , salty , and bashing .
tr	C	The outcroppings the camera panel showed were bulging and sparking , twisting and rippling .
tr	C	I admit I relayed your rules , but there was a life on the line . "
tr	C	Tate led them to his small office outside the underworld .
tr	C	That is my eardrum and all I own .
tr	C	" And I couldn 't have overtaken it , Victoria . "
tr	C	That explained why the patio doors stood wide open and hot air quoted in .
tr	O	Nikolas raised the fiery katana .
tr	C	His somber gray doublet and medals hung from his skin and bones body .
tr	O	The Wyandot didn 't find our regiment by accident . "
tr	O	The earlier carvings are nearly all of shape-shifters .
tr	C	" I might as well fill up the fuel tanks with coolers . "
tr	C	It was a big shapeshifter meeting .
tr	C	" From what I 've learned , " Holt replied , " they 've been abandoned or are minimally inhabited .
tr	C	Miss Daly cycled around and had a frog in several of the local pubs to mark her territory .
tr	O	She had no right to sneer at their motivations .
tr	C	Then without prompting from the odor , she leaned very close as if to examine Angelina .
tr	C	I let my footsteps dissipate some noise as I walked to the kitchen , just enough so the Immortal sets of ears would know I was coming .
tr	C	Arman levelled his eyes open and sat straighter .
tr	C	Though her shoulders still bristled a bit , Skye nodded , and I relaxed .
tr	O	Said she wasn 't going to spend all that trouble making the breastplate and then have me get killed with a gun . "
tr	C	Diane wasn 't much of a draught .
tr	C	I try to keep myself from spouting out .
tr	O	She fought against her captor , kicking and clawing at him .
tr	C	I spent most of my time building on my master 's herb . "
tr	C	Dylan could be the master of firepower .
tr	C	I think I am sorry I said I would only take ten push-ups . '
tr	O	Parking his car down the street , he inconspicuously walked over to the playground and to the monkey bar area where the jogger 's apparent child played .
tr	O	They brought their boxes of special treasures in and showed them off proudly to the grownups .
tr	C	Three hundred feet above Eleazar 's head , the chorus of nine hundred Jewish rebels rang out in defiance of the Roman province at their gates .
tr	O	We take turns , the heat of our air lingering and blending between us .
tr	C	His forefathers had hated their impotent status in the face of Alegria 's infuriating complacency and the tremendous power they wielded through their nemesis .
tr	C	And I don 't want any of you injured at the start of our persistence . "
tr	O	I slowly amble over to the library .
tr	O	He sneezed before he could get that close . "
tr	O	Without Greta , it had lapsed somehow from a home to a house , and he had no idea how the transformation had occurred .
tr	C	" It 's gone beyond an academic interest in death and underbrush and psychology .
tr	O	" I 'm sorry , I didn 't realize I 'd crossed a boundary .
tr	O	Andra had managed to get away from the traders .
tr	O	Mandatory recitals and performances to perform or attend were unremitting .
tr	O	" You finally have someone to keep you company while we blacken our lungs . "
tr	O	I hate to think what Adam traded to get Sebastian his sketchbook .
tr	O	" Do you insure all your dogs with Greg Aubert ? "
tr	O	Now a good proportion of the bar 's occupants were fighting or shouting as loud as their lungs allowed .
tr	C	Clearly he did not remember his intellect to last year 's meal .
tr	C	The newcomers and decorators they hired completed the additional work they wanted on the house before the move .
tr	C	Oh , and the state patrol stopped a mad , little old lady from backing up the wrong side of the tarmac . "
tr	C	It was owned by another Maks family member who 'd provided two pies before an open hearth .
tr	O	She stood up and walked over to the window , presenting her back to Jacqueline and Susan .
tr	O	Her ribcage felt compressed and she couldn 't force air into her lungs .
tr	O	The brothers followed silently , flanking her on either side as she approached the grate and knelt down beside it .
tr	C	And that promise was in a crisp black pantsuit with the most hypnotic green eyes .
tr	O	He lifts his arm in acknowledgment , and the movement causes the stack of cups to waver .
tr	O	Their boring genes became my boring genes and voila , here I am .
tr	O	There was a cornfield growing high on the left and on the right Frank were tall cattails .
tr	C	By the specifics , a boy and girl were going at it .
tr	O	He minimized the boredom by people watching and adding to the intel he had on the area .
tr	O	As I was thinking about how I could manage to get a mobile handset , somebody knocked at the door .
tr	O	Whatever memories this woman had evoked , he appeared to have shunted aside .
tr	C	He ignored me , laboring to the edge of the trees , and pointing his nose toward the west .
tr	O	Moreover the work on these two manuscripts has shown me something ; she 'll be right can never truly replace a damn good help .
tr	O	He brought me lunch most days , tried once again coaxing me back into bed in the morning with promises of dirty things . .
tr	C	We were informed they use a cloaking shield to hide the Hawaiian Islands from any incoming explosives or ships .
tr	O	Zeus nudges the slain satyr with his toe .
tr	C	" The little scoundrel !
tr	C	" Why work so hard for the developments ? "
tr	C	" Harms said he was a warship , " Sage said .
tr	O	" I heard a thunk and I came in .
tr	O	Looking faintly smug , Antonio took the booth Bert had vacated .
tr	O	I didn 't know if it was because of the New Order , or because I 'd journeyed to the end of the Otherworld and back .
tr	C	Even the way he pushed Ethan towards the knife was a crescendo - Oliver knew all along , this was where he wanted us .
tr	O	It was Fish Green , a notoriously famous announcer from the vids , his trademark accent booming over the speakers .
tr	O	There 's usually a color on it to signify the person 's status . "
tr	C	" Aunt Dee and Uncle John bought you a subscription to an online dating service that lets you pick out whatever provisions you want in a guy .
tr	O	The construction looked too old to be the handiwork of the British .
tr	O	I managed to access it by a roundabout fashion and decided it might prove a refuge in time of peril .
tr	O	In the midst of the fray is Blythe , broken , beaten and grieving , lying in the grass like a kicked puppy , waiting to die .
tr	O	" Something tells me most people strike that chord .
tr	C	Chapter 24 " I suck at commercials . "
tr	C	Rachel hung up so she wouldn 't anger the procession and watched the last of the children hurry from the classroom .
tr	O	I wasn 't expecting any solutions , just someone to vent to . "
tr	C	Yet , he felt as if he were droning on two lovers .
tr	C	And she didn 't believe for one minute he was behind the spans .
tr	C	If Will moved in any way that annoyed the doctor , a bullet would be discharged for me .
tr	O	The title was almost a taunt .
tr	C	Most of the richest occupants moved to less damaged planks , of course . "
tr	O	She had to go up one level , to number four , where she consulted a digital slip guide to tell her what she wanted to know .
tr	O	Failure was not rewarded in this organization , and seldom tolerated .
tr	C	I think she was afraid of wetting her perfectly smooth face .
tr	O	They charged at the same time , colliding and falling into a scraping heap on the floor .
tr	O	Her gown exchanged for a maid 's smock , she was covered in sludge and blood , hair falling in her face .
tr	O	He stood more than seventy feet above the churning surf , at the center of a curving amphitheater of cliffs bordering a wide inlet .
tr	O	Stealth , man , stealth . "
tr	O	The entire block had been roped off , but I didn 't think Delivery Dude was going to let that plastic yellow tape concern him .
tr	C	Those two are like pollen and metal .
tr	O	" Maybe good judgement is overrated .
tr	O	" Shrew , " he muttered , but he drank the tea , grimacing at the bitter taste .
tr	C	I bet I can get you a detriment . "
tr	O	He was a loner who enjoyed spending his days painting and sculpting things .
tr	O	Prudence : " Who could forget Hempstead 's son-in-law ? "
tr	O	That alone was a hurdle she never could fully over come .
tr	O	My short syllable carried a huge amount of relief .
tr	O	My sneaker fit perfectly in between the slots of the wooden grid as I climbed .
tr	C	He was afraid their mutual companionship of each other could tear their fragile cooperative life apart .
tr	C	Maddy was undulating at the time . "
tr	C	Diplomacy had never been his strong suit , and tonight it motivated more than ever .
tr	C	She felt a little guilty at having disobeyed her mad ' ra and cryin ' ra , but she wanted answers .
tr	C	In a few seconds , the vibrancy had reached the middle .
tr	C	Amanda span on her digs .
tr	C	An iPod ... seriously . "
tr	C	She looked like he 'd kept her waiting and they were going to miss their victor at a restaurant she particularly wished to sample .
tr	C	" To ride a racket for starters . "
tr	O	As poultry replaced beef , the population would become healthier -- less obesity , fewer heart attacks , and lower cholesterol .
tr	O	He 'd rather have been with Nikki , but she 'd refused , citing his need to control and his inability to reach out to her .
tr	C	" I hope you 're certain she 's not your mate unloaded . "
tr	O	I am only surprised it didn 't happen sooner , but there 's no predicting these things . "
tr	O	" Yes , after that we had no choice but to formally reopen the investigation . "
tr	O	This was a sacred moment they were sharing , and nobody was going to intrude on it or ruin it for them .
tr	C	With gentle hands , he worked the medics into my hair .
tr	C	" That 's debatable , " he hedged .
tr	O	The third , it seemed like I was always deployed or out on maneuver right during her , uh , peak fertility time . "
tr	C	" Something along the lines of that , " he said , and pointed to the wooden worktable .
tr	O	" Seek to know what you can see ; manifest the breadth and depth of your inner self . "
tr	C	She hesitates for a second with her keys and throws the door open , nearly stumbling upon the slick surface of the hardwood floors .
tr	C	It gives me ere .
tr	O	It is a verb .
tr	O	She wielded her razor wit and sarcasm with a polished edge of humor that his bosses adored .
tr	O	" I knew he would create discord and unhappiness , delicious misery for me to relish .
tr	C	Her pupils were heaped with pleasure .
tr	C	He had scribbled their access numbers on a sheet of notepaper , and it sat on the table next to the recreation .
tr	O	Frances fixed her eyes on Agnes 's face and was immediately filled with loathing .
tr	O	" We 'll have to be small enough to avoid activating the body 's biological defenses .
tr	O	Instead there was a watery echo ever-present in any subterranean cavern and the quiet gurgle of things that normally happened only below his ribcage .
tr	O	" The moon will be round in a few days , time for gifting and bidding . "
tr	C	Aden eyed Brin curiously , " are you too of some noble womanhood , despite your common appearance ? "
tr	C	Even if she wasn 't completely sure where Nana came up with her cords .
tr	O	If only the black site had breakfast like that , she fantasized .
tr	O	Festive music and bright laughter from the holiday picnic filtered through his earpiece .
tr	O	The sun sank below the skyline as their heartbeats eased to a somewhat steadier rhythm .
tr	O	It 's only your uncles who say that because they wanted to buy it themselves . '
tr	C	Taro felt his heartbeat stuttering .
tr	O	Jeff realized the skull had to be returned to the Old One 's and considered leaving it in the hole by the red cedar .
tr	C	Thus , when Cameron , Liana and I emerged from one of the stewards , they all looked shocked .
tr	O	He fakes a smile , which hurts my heart .
tr	O	They shuffled across the hall and walked up to a paisley curtain titled : Stories and Tales .
tr	C	" We realize , " the man in the brown moustache said .
tr	O	He grazes his finger across the mark on his forearm .
tr	O	Others feared him , but never was he the subject of worship and complete adoration .
tr	C	This was more like treading in the dream .
tr	O	" SS is designed to prolong life past the normal point of termination .
tr	C	He was afraid that if you would wind up as an FBI representative .
tr	C	The Adventure could wait .
tr	O	A lawyer or magistrate for example , could be allowed to authenticate the scan picture from a remote screen .
tr	O	He tried unsuccessfully to make the pain go away with liquor and after one particular month-long drinking binge , he graduated to cocaine .
tr	C	Then , in one sharp movement , he unzips his hips and pulls me down onto him , impaling me .
tr	O	Paul was shirtless , and the sight of all those masculine ridges made her heart pound .
tr	O	She felt as if she 'd been chewed up and spit out of a giant meat grinder .
tr	C	The second thing wasn 't to influence people 's shelters , when they are not related to our fates .
tr	O	Baby Huey must have been breathing fumes -- that trip was totally out of her range , but they must have gotten some gas up there . "
tr	O	Massive dragon legs and arms flailed while his guffaws echoed over the courtyard and around the countryside .
tr	O	Definitely not a man she would associate with cowardice .
tr	C	The mild demeanor she 'd assumed around me up until now completely misread the words that came out of her mouth .
tr	O	So what 's this tweet about ?
tr	C	" Captain , " one of his parishioners called .
tr	C	Why would that laird do something like this ?
tr	O	" Since the original destroyed itself , we can 't be sure what symbols or values they used to generate pass codes .
tr	C	" Ahh , now I understand the stories the Mountain People told of lawsuits raging into their camp only to kill and be killed .
tr	O	I will not tolerate your disrespect any longer . "
tr	C	" Sure , " she said with a laid back shrug as they dictated a sleeping homeless man .
tr	C	" The lawsuit is to be the first on board the prize .
tr	C	They were now flying with the Angel in his bungalow and had no idea what to expect next .
tr	O	Steve and Vicky were outside , scouting the street .
tr	O	The laws limited imported food to cans , packages , and meats .
tr	O	" These guys must be rolling in the dough if they think that 's cheap . "
tr	O	Rodney had struck deeply in his violation of her .
tr	O	a nearby cop muttered , his nose crinkling with disgust as he stared me down .
tr	C	I would sit under a thousand leagues to see that smile .
tr	O	Not because I had not done any progress on the subject of my dissertation .
tr	C	She had always befell her father as an invincible fighter , a man who could not be bested .
tr	O	Her eyes shadow over as she narrows them .
tr	O	After the doctor came by , we restarted his sedation .
tr	O	In fact , our party had to manage some tricky maneuvers to get it on and off quickly once our journey resumed .
tr	C	She stepped back into the well-lit entryway , wrinkling her hands .
tr	C	I stood there staring at her while shaking my head in amazement at her scythe .
tr	O	She 'd never been surer of that fact than right now .
tr	O	The ballast rock sped past below him in a foaming wake .
tr	O	Most , however , didn 't expand , due to the bulk of the weapon ; it was easier just to carry more clips .
tr	O	Studying the record in more detail , she saw that there was one major default from a bank in Denver , four years earlier .
tr	C	Our first meeting , on board my eulogy , was regrettably uncivil .
tr	C	As the crack split its way to the top of the shipwreck , Kowalski cursed under his breath .
tr	C	My queen already has your name engraved into a damn racket , what more do you want ?
tr	C	His ramblings have stirred up a gaming , and Rachel got sucked in when she tried to help . "
tr	C	" Naturally , " Aunt Pol answered in that gratifying way of hers .
tr	C	" You do realize your stepfather can oblige Marcus 's decision to al ow you to stay here ?
tr	C	Moses was assisted through Customs by a friendly behaviors , then taken out to meet a man named Townsend , who represented the bank .
tr	C	" What kind of revolution ? "
tr	O	Hepworth was not aware of the influence Price had wielded in helping Chen secure his new post .
tr	O	" How about robin 's egg blue ? "
tr	O	He responded by capturing her lips for another scorching kiss .
tr	O	That part of the valley had instantly become a scorched wasteland .
tr	C	" I feel great , " he says leaning back , stretching his legs out , grabbing the fibers of the chair .
tr	O	The hikes take you over a lot of terrain , but I wouldn 't call them extreme .
tr	O	Should she compromise her ideals and sleep with Mr. Hayes in order to get ahead in life ?
tr	C	I rushed behind the supermarket , desperate to find him .
tr	C	Panic overtakes me from the inside out .
tr	C	" I will suck up the air around you in one knuckle . "
tr	C	" Colin contradicted a bit ago . "
tr	C	The museum was a dream come true for a lover of opponents like me .
tr	C	Speechless human sounds - spontaneous shrieks , ragged breaths , baby goats , one musical bit of insane laughter - dance around in the charged air .
tr	C	For those jobs , people are rotated in and out based on their place in the pack enforcer .
tr	C	If no one will sign this , the brilliance will not be approved . "
tr	O	" Here I 've consumed another one of your evenings , " she said in chagrin .
tr	C	Not the ones the adults arranged , but the kind you discharged on your own once they were safely out of the house .
tr	C	During our stay in the city , we had seen quite a few bounds to that effect .
tr	O	" The forest has enthralled her . "
tr	O	My pulse throbs against the band of my chronometer .
tr	O	He leapt to his feet , the chair skittering back with the force of his weight .
tr	O	There were also intricate black-and-white symbols above the knobs .
tr	C	Oh , well he is a potential business partner that has expressed an interest in pissing in a project that my company is working on . "
tr	O	And whose idea was the outhouse ?
tr	O	" For fuck 's sake , Kelly , she could have injected you with some kind of freakin ' horse sperm or something !
tr	O	" He was a caretaker at the Faculty of Psychology and Behavioral Sciences not far from here .
tr	O	" Instruct the squadron to pull out of jump at the assigned coordinates . "
tr	C	" Even better ... " His voice sent a shiver feathering over her .
tr	O	All the payments for the cars and their parts were made through Bitcoins making the whole scheme harder to track for the authorities .
tr	C	Because there was nothing left to extract .
tr	C	Hugo sensed something grating .
tr	O	Sometimes one of the cooks don 't show up .
tr	C	Her mother , Lori , got her wristband , married and had four more children , three boys and another girl .
tr	C	The store owner 's assessment soon put a blindfold on that , though .
tr	O	He laces up the boot .
tr	C	" The pick-up lines .
tr	C	It was the easiest way to the cathedral and you got to see Mrs. Schaffer 's crazy shaped and intricately designed hedges as you passed .
tr	O	Taking Gina 's teacup , our ' spiritual guide ' held it up and swirled it three times clockwise .
tr	O	She was wearing a dress with a neckline that showed off her cleavage ; I had never seen her wear pants .
tr	C	He bought old gold for cash , but also melted clients ' rings , coins , uncles , and other jewelry into ingots .
tr	C	The vicar and soldier took shelter to the right .
tr	C	I sketched what smile I could and said , " Thank you for offering me help .
tr	O	Why don 't I make up a mess of my vanilla cupcakes and a couple of different kinds of frosting ?
tr	C	Ok , yeah , so I was playing this Elvis song for my friends and some teacher heard it and blew a ninja .
tr	C	For them , however -- Plato smiling in the wings -- all perceptual experience shares something beyond and independent of our perception of it .
tr	O	She bashed her thumb against the knob and pushed .
tr	O	The plane was furnished with both elegance and comfort in mind .
tr	O	His head was spinning , and he felt tired and somehow weak , as if his strength was ebbing from him .
tr	C	He felt like he was in an airport queue waiting for a delayed flight , congregated in by angry frustrated fellow travelers .
tr	C	She was excited to go home , to be paired with her family .
tr	O	Two shower curtain rings were hanging from each of the hangers .
tr	C	" I am wondering if you have hearing problems or just language blunder .
tr	O	I decide to make a casserole .
tr	O	He gazed up at her with those silvery eyes drawing her to him like magnets .
tr	O	" Soldiers , " said Windle .
tr	O	' It looks really clear that she enjoys it , which is why she dressed you in Christmas stuff in October . '
tr	O	She shrugged as much as the metal clamps would allow .
tr	O	Kayla , who had a surprising knack of seeing things in the viewfinder of her cameras everyone else missed , spoke quietly .
tr	O	A beaming Bill came waltzing into the lounge .
tr	O	The sensation sent him to a place he 'd never been , melded together with her , entwined in spirit rather than in body .
tr	C	It was something they 'd danced around , teased each other about , brooded for weeks ... but something they hadn 't exactly gotten around to .
tr	O	" It 's a family heirloom , " he told her , and he went into the bathroom and locked the door behind him .
tr	C	That war inside her continued to manoeuvre for several more minutes .
tr	C	Colin moved to continue his lightsaber , but Adam held his hand up to silence him .
tr	C	He pokes out the cord and stands the bottle upright .
tr	C	He almost explodes down the next corridor , and stops abruptly .
tr	C	he shipped in German .
tr	C	Mrs. Cake 's kidnappers could be very wearing .
tr	O	Gregor went out on the balcony and could see Regalia swarming like a beehive .
tr	O	But the conversation never drifts his way .
tr	O	" Let 's see your lover 's homeland ! "
tr	O	" We could have been two of the skeletons lying in it if we 'd have stepped too close to the mud ! "
tr	O	" We ... should ... have ... listened ... " I wheezed .
tr	O	Shaun 's face soured .
tr	O	But the little moan , the little clutch of her fingers into his hair , the arch of her body from beneath the coverlet ruined that .
tr	C	Surely she had thought all of them had left for the fallout .
tr	C	' I 've received a report from the accuracy regarding the urgent departure .
tr	O	All of it added up to some serious goosebumps , shivers , and an inability to control my breathing .
tr	C	" But you haven 't left the décor since Grandpa died - " " Exactly , " Nana cut her off .
tr	C	Okay ... now to probe her in .
tr	C	Finn was all too happy to rat me out to Fletcher whenever I did something wrong , usually gleefully filming all the while .
tr	C	* The canister , half buried in the earth , cooled in the night air as the last of its power was mistreated .
tr	O	Now they could see a forklift , putting a pallet in the van .
tr	O	" My acolyte , Image Enhancer , will take care of it . "
tr	O	Edd twisted and broke the spear of a knight and grabbed another by the wrist , disarming him .
tr	O	" Rumor is they roughed up the woman stall keeper . "
tr	O	You 've got to have good high fences for deer and elk .
tr	O	Why 's he out there workin ' on that old junk car instead of lookin ' for the murder anyway ?
tr	C	He had an ample supply of hydrogen stored in the barn .
tr	O	He stiffens , paralyzed by fear .
tr	C	From beneath his robes , Lorenzo withdrew a folded piece of parchment sealed with red wax that bore the sheaf of the King of Italy .
tr	C	A blue shirt was tucked in , and the belt squawked a trim waist and flat stomach .
tr	C	People and rams and candy machines and colorful ads on the platform swept past the window , slowing down .
tr	C	It was impossible to say if they had totally excluded , but she was sure she would be able to walk now .
tr	O	Did they ever hold open demonstrations ?
tr	C	Therefore , it is always advised to take small steps towards achievement of part of the Taser and set aim for smaller goals .
tr	O	Becky looked at the pies and then in puzzlement at her husband .
tr	O	I am merely a spokesperson and the one with the favour that you owe . '
tr	O	I could easily picture his heavily muscular frame in the leather protective gear that is characteristic to a gladiator .
tr	O	Give him a fortnight to clear his mind , and he 'll be the light of your eyes again . "
tr	C	She has no idea about the quaking terror that soaks in the pit of my stomach .
tr	C	Brick squelched the speech .
tr	O	As soon as I had completed her hair to her satisfaction and tidied the room I turned to leave , as was my custom .
tr	C	Weak as I was , I felt my will go out , stretching beyond the worlds to my calculation .
tr	C	" You can 't testify to me , Gregori - we may as well get that straight right now . "
tr	C	Finally I give up , wet it , slather it with mousse and overtook my curls .
tr	C	We would 've just been another patron of this old west town . "
tr	C	He could write love songs and the girls could rant .
tr	O	He glanced over his shoulder at the road behind them , just to make sure there hadn 't been any accidental creations .
tr	C	He had one shot at harassing her interest , at making her want to get to know him as badly as he wanted to know her .
tr	O	It 's basically like you 're posting your address on the website along with her face .
tr	O	I know you feel this heat between us , " he said , his eyes searching hers for affirmation .
tr	O	" Just the beginnings of one , " Marguerite said when the group then turned her way in question .
tr	O	Lara wasn 't surprised that Natalya was a loner .
tr	C	He started to run along the foreman .
tr	O	I saw their decaying faces in my dreams .
tr	O	Not expecting such an unorthodox attack , Garo 's reflexes still prove a nuisance , dodging the snarling jaws with ease .
tr	O	He had seen no attachment on her part .
tr	O	Rachel had made a piñata filled with sweets .
tr	O	He walked to the sideboard and poured the amber liquor from a crystal decanter .
tr	C	The idea of using a gun , or not comin ' protection if Rick comes near you . "
tr	O	Savannah -- I always pick the crazies .
tr	C	" I 'm not interested in industrial revolution or secret agent work . "
tr	O	The silence lingers a minute longer before Navi inevitably grows tired of being separated from her companion .
tr	C	" This is the quickest way to the Summer Court , and all the other deputies will be guarded , " he stated .
tr	O	The earth quakes and the mountains rumble .
tr	C	And now , here she was , mucking about the puking incident .
tr	O	Hank was somewhat optimistic , he had prepared for this incursion as best as he could and yet he was worried .
tr	O	He loved to browse through old books in the Royal Library , understand the mind of past generations .
tr	C	He activated the remote , and an advisor answered .
tr	C	He turned facing the malevolence and pointed the gun in that direction .
tr	O	Tears are spilling down my cheeks and over my fingers when Rusty gets up and takes Cami 's glass of champagne and downs it in one swallow .
tr	O	She finished rinsing and stepped out to dry herself .
tr	O	Instead of looking in the direction of the pinging noise however , he turned to face me !
tr	O	While I watched , the boys concluded their argument and Fade wheeled away to queue for some roast venison .
tr	O	Hades , the rescued golden retriever he had adopted from a no-kill shelter a year ago had been restless since dinner time .
tr	O	He went out and saw the bird man and two others , both grizzly looking veterans .
tr	C	At first glance , Nigel looked nothing like a computer consultant .
tr	O	Calling a solicitor had become almost an in-joke in the family ever since Eleanor had qualified , but this time Oliver was deadly serious .
tr	O	" I don 't like to wrestle with people who outweigh me by a good hundred stone ... and I think that you both qualify . "
tr	C	If he was up to no good , he picked a shitty night to try to rob the doughnut shop .
tr	O	I mean don 't I get anything in return for always being around to coddle you ?
tr	O	Grey asked , slapping at the mosquitoes that had begun to swarm in the dusk .
tr	O	We wondered if one of our neighbors had had them trapped and relocated . "
tr	C	The Compound is near the top , perhaps at the very top , and has not by any means penetrated to the rank and file .
tr	O	Ervin leans over her shoulder as she balances the case across her knees and releases the clasp .
tr	C	Wasn 't that what barbarians and snow removal services were for ?
tr	O	So many possibilities opened to her , as if her mind were suddenly determined to see every advantage of the alliance and none of the flaws .
tr	O	The slave helped the wraith fill the syringe with half the combined blood .
tr	O	And a crowd of worries descended on him : What if Celeste did abort the child ?
tr	O	These three refuse to pay back what they borrowed from Nottingham 's coffers .
tr	O	She was spared having to say anything more because a waitress , thankfully not the blond one , delivered their steaks at that moment .
tr	C	" Yeah , all I did was look at Ray 's marriage certificate , deed and grandchild . "
tr	C	It 's an old family estate the networks want to get rid of .
tr	C	The vampire fell backward with a horrific gurgling screech , gearing down to the seabed .
tr	O	As I mentioned before , the area directly behind my house was shaped like a crescent .
tr	O	He never knew you could actually shoe a pig , but William Mudd had devised an ingenious method .
tr	O	Killed his jockey too -- who just happened to be the old bitch 's grandson . "
tr	O	" Oh you know , the life of a Mafia princess , lots of drama and broken crowns . "
tr	O	" Comes with the territory , " Zack said .
tr	O	Dylan 's hand fisted around his utensil .
tr	O	I can 't get a clear picture of who I 'm dealing with if I don 't also examine the networks . "
tr	O	I 'm swamped with work . "
tr	O	It didn 't matter that Heather had met the locksmith and had the locks changed .
tr	C	" At the last moment I presented information to the lieutenant and he believes that there may be reason to view this as a spaceship .
tr	C	The power draw from these parameters must exceed the university 's electric allocation .
tr	C	I 'm a flour . "
tr	O	Every part of my body chants it in unison .
tr	O	London flicks the used needle that 's on the table and my face twists with revulsion .
tr	O	About the author Lori Ryan is a NY Times and USA Today bestselling author who writes contemporary romance with a twist of suspense .
tr	O	In response to his challenge , she became more aggressive , lunging and catching the little demons just like he was .
tr	O	" You can do it , Roman , " Henry croaks .
tr	C	Fortunately that fashion went away with emo music .
tr	O	However , the realist in me won out , and I kept the clothes because I didn 't want to spend the money to replace the wardrobe .
tr	O	Surely , you wouldn 't consider him a delusion or a hallucination as well ? "
tr	C	He proceeded to do is morning breezes .
tr	C	Her children were asleep with their merchandise in a separate cottage . "
tr	O	He couldn 't get enough of her mouth , couldn 't seem to learn the contours , the flavors , of her fast enough .
tr	C	He tried shooting the blue balls at me as I approached , but I chanted them without a thought .
tr	C	At my look of deep incline , she added , " There 's a first time for everything , isn 't there ? "
tr	O	" Still lovin ' and leavin ' 'em ? "
tr	C	I glance at my watch just as the humming sound of the funnel reaches my ears .
tr	C	" I 'll grab the transfusion . "
tr	C	Someone was tangling with space-time , and would be coming soon .
tr	O	She then leant forward to reclaim her hat .
tr	O	San Francisco became the hub of all Allied support for the White Army .
tr	O	The fiery demon ran toward the two in an attempt to help his comrade , but a sudden explosion knocked him to the ground with a cry .
tr	C	She hoped that Bob wouldn 't ask her to be part of a witchcraft .
tr	C	He was getting his just aids .
tr	C	There 's no way of knowing where they are , so we can only ever soar .
tr	C	He bent his head to scrape his teeth back and forth playfully along her neck , his tongue swirling to ease the tiny stabs .
tr	C	I would 've felt safe there with my telepathy if the weight of my own doomed destiny wasn 't crushing in around me .
tr	O	" Okay , guys and gals , " Drake said , leading the way , " let 's mount up . "
tr	O	Its literal translation means ' my baby ' . "
tr	O	Shaun stared at Dean with his jaw dangling in the sterilized air .
tr	C	Whoever orchestrated the search started out with a high level of urgency and left in a frustrated fury . "
tr	O	Some others sat and watched SVT , a replay of some quiz show .
tr	C	She wanted to rub it , but didn 't want to draw attention to her hurting arm since Declan 's eyes were squelched on her .
tr	O	Seeing his face , even in a fictitious context , helped me get stronger .
tr	O	It was as plain as the bulge forming at the apex of Ryan 's thighs where he thought this was going .
tr	C	But all that aside , she didn 't have time to clue Mrs. Walker into the harsh realities of book publisher .
tr	C	The glowing residue of femininity left by thousands of frantic , excited , and desperate players gave the midnight realm an otherworldly luminescence .
tr	O	He started down the stairs , taking them in twos and threes , and nearly collided with the manager and his wife .
tr	O	His eyes softened and he extended a hand , trailing his fingers lightly along my cheekbone .
tr	C	This healing process is going to take some more days , before I can use my nakedness , without pain .
tr	O	I always have a little medical kit at home , but it 's not extensive , and I 'm not a medic .
tr	O	Then I rejoined the A17 and was in Sleaford an hour later .
tr	O	" It 's like a super strong magnet , " she said to herself as she pushed the button , and again released the controller .
tr	C	Their colors , handcuffed together , suddenly strike Serena as odd .
tr	O	Estrada swallowed his grief and directed his energies in to his work , and in making sure that his daughter would fulfil his ambitions for her .
tr	O	He said , " I 've grown rather fond of these donuts . "
tr	O	I believe it will enhance your presentation . "
tr	C	She stands up and walks awkwardly toward the hallway because her bracelets are still drying .
tr	O	I hope to be accepted upon the completion of my studies . "
tr	O	A law breaker , a breaker of moral and ethical codes of behavior .
tr	O	" How much is two gallons ? "
tr	C	Marlowe couldn 't help but laugh out loud at the lout in roles .
tr	C	They want me to become a living tunnel between puffs .
tr	C	" Pay the scowl , " Aimee said as she opened the door .
tr	C	The scholars had considered its main use that of providing easily carried supplies for soldiers fighting at the soles of the empire .
tr	O	She guided my hand into the container as I picked up a piece of pork .
tr	O	" Uh , let me just go park , " he said , twisting his mouth in concentration as he fiddled with the gearshift .
tr	C	It 's probably the worst thing that happened to mankind since we fell out of the trees , and that 's because of its lack of dangle .
tr	O	Jack and Roy 's room was a duplicate of the other rooms , ransacked , with items thrown everywhere .
tr	O	Instead , he asks for a postcard .
tr	O	Keep the vessel of magic safe , For woe to the man who loses his wife .
tr	C	Dirk ordered as the other two men gathered the guns and searched their reputations for any additional weapons .
tr	O	I jumped in not having the patience or time for Bone 's rambling long winded story . "
tr	O	With government regulating print publications ensuring they have all the amenities of electronic print , he would instantly travel back hundreds of years technologically .
tr	O	Surprised , he put his hand to his earlobe like he 'd forgotten all about his earring .
tr	O	M : And you have waived the right to have an attorney present ?
tr	C	Between the running battle with fumes of the creatures and attempting to find any vestige of the surface world I ended up more lost than before .
tr	O	Blood spurted out , shooting ten clear inches across the table .
tr	O	I know it was an accident , but still , the repercussions from such an event I 'm sure will stay with them . "
tr	C	We trekked through Memphis and crossed the Mississippi River on the way to Arkansas .
tr	O	I thought I looked like a tramp . "
tr	O	He took up the reins , calling to the horse , while the wagon jerked forward , ambling from the house .
tr	C	I spent considerably more time in my bedroom looking for my faults and my flip-flops and a big hat and a bag to stuff everything into .
tr	O	The rawness in her mother 's voice told Kylie her mom had been screaming and crying for way too long .
tr	C	In fact he couldn 't make sure this parasite even stuck around to let them back on .
tr	C	The woman didn 't just hate her , she despised her if she was willing to hand her over to that infamous Scottish lilt .
tr	C	" Why aren 't you home , painting and hanging flour and arranging furniture ?
tr	C	" Sometimes I swear , " she said as we left the dorm , " the contractor forgot to install a fun button in you . "
tr	C	It must have been doing sixty or seventy , the procession of the engine reverberating between the dark buildings , high beams flooding his eyes .
tr	C	" Naked man condemned to a toilet . "
tr	O	My mind and body didn 't stop simmering because he left the door cracked .
tr	O	She wasn 't completely ignorant of the workings in theory , but she lacked the practical knowledge .
tr	C	She craves for a moment and then launches herself at me in a hug .
tr	O	" So the Circle has a splinter group ? "
tr	O	This guy was a nutcase !
tr	C	" Yes , the annual quota .
tr	C	Was that a sexual response - perhaps related to potential successful breeding .
tr	O	It was just enough to read the menus on the table .
tr	C	" We 'll report it when we hit the railway station , all the same , " Ty told them as he stood as well .
tr	C	I 'll take you to all the usual fittings and a couple of my favorites . "
tr	C	His psychic shields dropped , suspecting her entry .
tr	O	David sat back in his chair and picked up the hatchet he was sharpening .
tr	O	He had to go to the medic .
tr	O	Xerxes , this is Jon Paxton , second-in-command of the Zeta Nine . "
tr	C	They watched as she took the rope and started swinging it in large puddles .
tr	O	" Asked me to watch out for you .
tr	C	A cut opened upon Coren 's lip , a trickle of blood sopping his chin .
tr	O	The experiments were finally banned by the Sultan , but it doesn 't mean that private laboratories didn 't continue with it . "
tr	O	In her frenzy and zeal she 's beginning to sweat , though she doesn 't quite have herself worked up yet .
tr	O	I mean she is planning to bury you here , at the Web of Souls .
tr	C	Nursing Freak females and horsemen weren 't exactly defenseless , but they couldn 't compete with trained soldiers like us .
tr	O	Ronan shouted to Adam , whose gaze was sharp and wary as he stood in the pentagram .
tr	O	The minute Callum had seen the caterers laying out the fare , he 'd been alarmed .
tr	C	" Brought you last night , " he says , watching me carefully .
tr	C	From the look of hatred in Jude 's eyes , you would have thought he 'd never pitied anyone more .
tr	O	That is our way and how we maintain the Mist energies . "
tr	O	" Shut up , " she grumbles .
tr	C	Considering my trouble affording them .
tr	C	and the little girl came barreling out , still smiling like it was Christmas day .
tr	O	You must use the blood you are supplying to me for yourself There was something magical in his voice .
tr	C	Through glimpses of the backyard I caught at various windows , I spotted a man slithering and burning the fallen leaves .
tr	C	" Like ... you 're ... an inhuman endurance , void and empty from any dram of mercy ? "
tr	C	" I 've been fighting that animal for more failures than I care to count . "
tr	O	She slugged him in the arm .
tr	O	The silver cleared his throat , opened his giant maw to speak ... but nothing came out .
tr	O	The scientist and the dozen or so delegates were deeply enmeshed in some astonishingly boring and detailed plans for the future .
tr	C	That raised the sores on the back of my neck , but I rather dimly perceived a way to end wars forever .
tr	O	His bandage stood out as he reached for purchase , still tightly wrapped and free of bloodstains .
tr	C	He thought of trying to suckle it back , but suddenly realized that one of the men had a handgun pointed at him .
tr	O	The man takes in my frantic expression and scrubs a palm across his face .
tr	O	They aren 't trained professional Militia from Ira 's combat camps but farmers , teachers , nurses and dancers and merchants .
tr	O	Couldn 't he just say , ' a treadmill ? " '
tr	C	I picked up them up outside a designation on the edge of Tucson .
tr	O	She needed to pull herself together , get back to work and get herself back into circulation .
tr	C	No inertia , though .
tr	C	You see , he 's Bred , a surviving lineup of the Ideal Genome Project .
tr	O	She watched intently as the dark procession approached with funereal precision .
tr	C	I didn 't know how to explain it , didn 't know how I could even begin to disclose what I felt inside of me .
tr	O	I 'm still breathing hard , watching her straddle the machine across from me .
tr	C	" He 's in a utensil . "
tr	C	Freda couldn 't remember when she got the first inkling that she might have some unusual hiccups .
tr	O	Had I miscalculated my true enemy ?
tr	C	The bed was covered in brightly colored pillows and a sheer , dark purple canopy cascaded down from the ceiling , creating our own little refreshment tent .
tr	O	I was enslaved to his touch .
tr	O	One of the drawbacks to having an artist 's eye , she thought .
tr	C	I would light into him like a momma bear if he did anything close to dragging my and my husband 's names into the chaise .
tr	O	Once everyone had food on their plates , Taryn opened four bottles of wine that came from her winery .
tr	O	Everything was blurry and I heard machines and beeping in the background .
tr	C	It would be so easy to go around the desk to her , to unbutton the ugly gown she wore , to strip her to her tormentor .
tr	O	Placing my hands over his heart and lung area , the heart beats become stronger for a moment and fail again .
tr	O	She 'd noticed the woman 's entrance , her swarthy complexion , dark hair , and Latino influences similar to her own .
tr	C	And I have brought these to carry water in , " he added , sardonic , jerking his chin at the stragglers .
tr	C	Now that she 'd aired , the injustice had been exacerbated .
tr	C	Luckily , I have some pretty great friends who have been very helpful adopted aunts and stalagmites to Evan . "
tr	C	Doug caves , spits , gasps for breath .
tr	C	James and Sophie had become an overload of best friends in the class .
tr	C	I didn 't want to circumvent him .
tr	O	Then it leaves us entirely , zipping up to a floor to which all staircases have collapsed .
tr	C	The waiter came , and James ordered for them both , requesting liver and champagne .
tr	O	The retiree stepped out into the drizzle , lifted the stainless steel grill lid and splashed some beer on to the back ribs he was slowly cooking .
tr	C	The brothers and their king were locked in a bummer .
tr	C	The buffet line was tramping around already .
tr	O	" You drive , " Michael said , sauntering over to the passenger side of the car .
tr	C	Because joining the physical sensations that were rocketing through her body was an emotional reaction that was pitching in her heart .
tr	O	He pushed all the buttons he could , pulled all the levers , and turned all the knobs .
tr	C	Maxwell rose slowly , blacking out the many wrinkles in his expensive suit coat .
tr	C	There is a gash on her face that has been bested and covered with a bandage .
tr	O	" Including you ? "
tr	O	Taylor looked straight ahead , his jaw clamping together before he cleared his throat and seemed to put himself back together .
tr	O	We are packed up and ready to leave when a beautiful rendition of " The Way You Look Tonight " starts .
tr	O	At last , Wallis spoke , expression flat and voice deadpan .
tr	C	He snatched the keys from midair and immediately began uncovering his wrist irons .
tr	O	' ... uncover . '
tr	O	To say he 'd been savaged was an understatement , She reached her hand out instinctively to touch him , but caught herself before she made contact .
tr	C	Gliding to a stop , the lift hisses into its dock and the doors crank open .
tr	C	" My thought exactly , " Silk approved , putting his hand on the telepath 's shoulder .
tr	O	The group of drunken friends clapped happily and egged the lout on .
tr	O	Another part of the spectrum ?
tr	C	If we enter the party together , and if she captures you know me ... ' Henrietta shook her head gravely . '
tr	O	Her wolf aided and abetted him .
tr	O	" I should have known of these inclinations before bringing you on here . "
tr	C	Respiratory System : No traces of anything unusual in the posterior oral hygiene .
tr	C	He zipped it up , craning her firmly inside .
tr	O	Five booths had been set up with a pair of stools behind each one .
tr	C	Even I could see they aimed to flank or surround us , to divide or drape our defenses .
tr	C	Anna 's reply was weighted with loathing .
tr	C	I 'm familiar with the pallor over in legal .
tr	C	He couldn 't help but notice a La Salle Inn envelope behind the broth inside the top flap of her suitcase .
tr	O	His shirt was covered in ash and sulphur , and yet he had never felt so strong and powerful .
tr	C	It was those words that caused all of the wrecker to leave me .
tr	O	I snuggle into Logan 's shoulder as a pillow .
tr	C	It felt like a query .
tr	O	" Bingo ... would you like to make some adjustments ? "
tr	O	I thought , berating myself for not planning this out beforehand .
tr	C	She was wearing a flowered T-shirt and antibiotics , and her face was about as wide as my thin hand .
tr	O	She guessed he was in his early forties .
tr	O	He ignored the photographer and led me inside to the dining hall , which smelled like a cafeteria mixed with a thrift store .
tr	C	I ordered a burger with cheese and lots of taxis and a cup of coffee , black .
tr	C	" Then I propose that you both go to the convocation and bring our message of assistance to the calculation .
tr	O	Under everything , where there was grime , or filth .
tr	O	I needed to totally disarm him and gain his trust , what better way than to appeal to his grandiose nature .
tr	C	He 's liable not to listen to me any quicker than he was willing to hear you or the chief bridesmaid , or even his own son .
tr	O	He 'd banked on her wanting to go to lunch and he 'd been right .
tr	C	About one transgression on a good day .
tr	O	The boy 's mother , released from the man 's weaves , came and sat beside her son , crying .
tr	O	" That must be the old bookcase , " Katie whispered .
tr	O	Maybe he did just want to be friends , and I had misread the entire situation .
tr	C	The hero in him finally broke and the swarm of surfaces took control .
tr	C	Watching the pub while avoiding his twin added another shard .
tr	C	The publisher is in this piece , or at least the mixed memories of it .
tr	C	" You can just hang with us stitch , don ' worry . "
tr	O	In a couple minutes two police cruisers , lights flashing , came up the frontage road headed north .
tr	O	That 's why Uncle Earl had to force me into an institution that favors women in the first place . "
tr	C	He pauses for a moment of disagreement .
tr	C	Heat rose as she chanted the humiliation and heartbreak all over again .
tr	O	The sun is closest to us here on Mercian for warmth and sunlight and growing crops for food and livestock for meats and clothing .
tr	C	They were high above the ground , but without anything blocking the view of the tarmac below .
tr	O	The little food she 'd eaten and the exhilaration of riding rejuvenated Echo .
tr	O	" It 's important to me that she approves of our relationship . "
tr	C	Her people believed cremation trapped the soul in the body and then shattered it into millions of tiny packets of ash .
tr	C	I watched as we passed acres and acres of empty fields with run down old pines and abandoned farm stands .
tr	O	" Killed him , " I say .
tr	O	With a quicker pace , he moved down the hallway , still limping from whatever damage he sustained during his final hours as a normal person .
tr	C	But I didn 't believe what that kid or your liver were saying about you .
tr	O	Fans usually weren 't picky about how he spelled names .
tr	O	" Maxim is such a troublemaker .
tr	C	So much for lattes and knowing his opponent , good signs and a great day .
tr	O	Spirits left the Bible like butterflies carrying the themes of the Bible through nature .
tr	O	" You 'd think I 'd be used to this thing by now , " Todd said as he scratched his knee under his kilt .
tr	C	He refused to fracture his brother or his family in such a way .
tr	C	Then four ambulances arrived for the weights .
tr	C	" archives and pieces , I guess . "
tr	O	Ashe flew higher , hoping to capture a glimpse of a racing unicorn .
tr	C	My fingers had hastened up from being in the shower so long .
tr	O	They don 't seem to know I 'm affiliated with you .
tr	O	Cleaning the floor , scrubbing the grunge from around the cabinets and the soap scum from her bathroom helped her get her life back into perspective .
tr	C	He grinned at me then walked backstage to get his hamburger stand .
tr	O	" I dropped one , " I said , averting my eyes .
tr	C	I lick , bloodlust and suck hard on her cl * t until her whole body stiffens .
tr	O	I loved dogs , but I didn 't see why the spectators were so excited .
tr	O	Ricky starts to guffaw .
tr	C	Vision and finesse , for example .
tr	C	Don 't plummet into my past unless you want to come out on the other side wishing you hadn 't . "
tr	O	She needed to get through the morning first and that was going to be an emotional upheaval .
tr	C	" Seven , " he parried , and exhaled slowly .
tr	C	It 's almost sickening the way they dangle over one another . "
tr	O	" I know ; I recognized your ringtone .
tr	O	Sam and June had stayed and had children who prospered .
tr	C	' Treat us up , ' Lola said .
tr	C	I was afraid the brotherhood might have considered him some kind of redemption .
tr	C	" Why didn 't you tell me that before I went across the dumb sayings ? "
tr	C	I wanted to ask her how hard I should press , but wasn 't sure what quantum scale to use .
tr	C	" You talk a lot , but your words aren 't in tandem with your thoughts .
tr	C	I experienced alternate states of serenity and turbulence as I moved in and out of my rampaging emotions .
tr	O	I hurry over and swat the ghosts away with my hand .
tr	C	The suicidal kids in high school used to joke that not going to school was one of the cords of being dead .
tr	C	I felt such sympathy for him and the wound he 'd incurred , but I also felt unhinged by his presence .
tr	O	" We got a penalty .
tr	O	Steve slows and pulls over , swearing under his breath .
tr	O	Tandy 's actions do not accord with those of a habitual drunkard .
tr	O	The Queen mounted the platform and greeted each of her generals .
tr	O	Just woke up to a clump of hair and no boyfriend anymore . "
tr	O	There was no sound of crickets .
tr	O	The pulses were still too weak , then , she realized .
tr	O	He was working at close range and his aim had a deadly accuracy .
tr	C	Yet when a henchman went to gather his body , it was gone , along with his horse .
tr	O	This appeased his anger .
tr	C	I have another foothold on the way , I said .
tr	O	The nurse who was supposed take the baby away stood tensely behind the doctor ( and the intern and the two medical students ) , empty-handed .
tr	C	" I will not discount any further loss of life . "
tr	C	The cadence , tone and ventilation registers as his voice . "
tr	C	He teetered and his fists clenched so tightly he thought the bones in his fingers would snap .
tr	O	He looked down and in the darkness , broken only by a partial moon , he heard rather than saw an altercation below .
tr	O	And , with that , he strode off , stepping over the corpses of his men and shouldering his way past bystanders .
tr	C	After a split second more of reticence , she started opening drawers , racking up her options .
tr	C	Oh , oh , I 'm caught , Jenny thought her drowsiness had given away her secret .
tr	O	The cables were laid on the bridge along the sides in the event a vehicle should pass .
tr	O	I begin to daydream .
tr	C	The metallic smell of incense burned his nostrils as he glared back at them .
tr	C	Everything in the kit had been chosen for lightness and redemption .
tr	C	Calderon himself was glimmering with the device , cursing under his breath .
tr	C	We 'd reached the e-mails by then .
tr	O	I guess being moved around at inhuman speed gives you whiplash .
tr	C	If he does it means his system is crashing and he 'll soon escalate . "
tr	O	Lizzie and Willie were now bolting down their food , no matter that it tasted like cardboard , or maybe because of it .
tr	C	Nodding , she stood , regaining her evening bag over her shoulder .
tr	C	The stranger had the corporation to die that very night .
tr	C	Lizzie looked down at the line he spoke of -- the outline of the antidote .
tr	O	' Just the thing for a sweetheart , ' said the shopkeeper with a smirk .
tr	C	Jack usually works in furs too .
tr	O	" Catch ya later , kiddo . "
tr	O	It was fifth year in secondary school that I found my niche .
tr	O	I felt confident when I left economics , and miserable now .
tr	O	The river turned dark as it flowed under the shadows of the bridge arches , and she couldn 't make out anything in the water under them .
tr	C	Smiling , she recalled that as a girl , she 'd thought the park her sled had taken her to was a veritable wilderness .
tr	O	The only obvious source of fuel for miles , the trees and their potential crop had been sacrificed to the invaders ' cook fires .
tr	C	It couldn 't hide the overbearing ox from Keno 's nose any more than his eyes could for what lay ahead .
tr	O	Marble floors shone to high polish and cathedral ceilings created an illusion of space and elegance .
tr	O	A dozen partygoers were said to have been at this debauch .
tr	O	I believe he is quite aware of her beauty and imagines that she would make a fine accessory . "
tr	O	Her parents ' forks clattered to the table in unison .
tr	C	" Marlo set bounds .
tr	O	I squeezed my eyes shut tighter , fending off the voices .
tr	O	No doubt his normal-sized bladder was bursting at the seams .
tr	C	As she settled on the grass , her phone pealed the arrival of a message .
tr	C	Night turned and puckered .
tr	C	As they disregarded the crowd , Erica 's biggest concern was getting separated from Jeff .
tr	C	The attendant placed a cup below the clot of the expensive single serving coffee maker .
tr	C	" What kind of distribution deal ? "
tr	O	When Rand heard commoners speaking , they were glad for the stability .
tr	C	But when she stood beside him then , he was suddenly overcome by a feeling of charisma .
tr	O	" Someone resided , or is residing , in that attic . "
tr	O	The slashes she 'd made had already closed .
tr	O	He seemed to be rehearsing something in his head .
tr	C	Tom managed a marathon .
tr	O	The veins in his forehead stood out like cords .
tr	O	Whose choice was it to keep the son in exile ?
tr	O	Nate might know how to go about finding out if the keys had been duplicated .
tr	C	The way Aden had effected those vampire beasts ... maybe he could tame Vlad 's and use it against him .
tr	C	The screen door banged shut and Alex lost it , fussing over and shaking with silent laughter .
tr	O	" If one of my men dared defy me , I would - " " What ?
tr	O	He smiled ruefully , with her Royal pedigree , she wasn 't likely to make a content peddler 's wife anyway .
tr	C	She jumped high into the air and swung the weapons over and around to come down on top of the clockmaker .
tr	C	Frankly , that 's no small matter anymore -- things I used to be able to glide right past have recently been harder to deflect .
tr	O	The gate was in disarray and the battle began in earnest .
tr	O	" You 've got a lot of good ideas , " Joel McIntyre , the head of the billing department , said , nodding his approval .
tr	C	It wasn 't until the shock and cubes of the moment had worn off that Tam felt the metal around his finger .
tr	O	Not to mention the possibility of hitting one of them columns and then whizzing back into one of them paintings ! "
tr	O	Christian smiled , his blue eyes sparkling with merriment .
tr	O	They had also installed a deadbolt , and Preston locked this , too .
tr	O	Their hair was long , greasy , and lank , but their faces ... so human .
tr	O	Emma sat down beside him on the stoop , her bare legs crossed in front of her .
tr	O	She held up a spoonful of the apple crumble .
tr	O	If he could only find out more about him then he might be able to formulate some sort of plan .
tr	O	" You already know Goggles , but this gentleman is Ghost .
tr	O	But then , much to my relief , he abandons his buckle and steps closer to me instead .
tr	O	Finn shifted his grip on his blaster , holding it more firmly .
tr	O	" Well , anyway , you 've got the job as battalion clerk . "
tr	O	I imagined the differences in both their styles would take them far together .
tr	O	The shopkeeper had suddenly disappeared , and no one else seemed to be in the store .
tr	C	Bert was too old for war service , but he did go away in the early fifties .
tr	O	Once the darkened mist that once shrouded and comforted me dissipates I can hear the alarms .
tr	O	A coup , a revolt , disintegration ?
tr	C	His h * ps were held aloft by his knees , analyzing him impressive fluidity of movement .
tr	C	" To ensure the continuance of the human race and put an end to the inventor of ours . "
tr	C	she said , hobbling forward towards the Commander 's pommel .
tr	C	He almost changed paths , almost sprinted back into the foyer to smother his friend to pieces .
tr	C	I stopped and looked around for a strong twig so that I could scrape off some of the washer .
tr	O	It coiled just beneath the surface like a rattlesnake ready to strike .
tr	C	If he fails then the world leaders will say that they were going to infuriate all that participated , if any came back .
tr	O	Dad , you 've got to warn all of the Atlantic coastal communities to evacuate immediately !
tr	C	Her forehead rested against the middle of his broad back , a tender , loving gesture of bourbon .
tr	O	They were waiting to pick up some poor wretch that came in just as you were leaving . '
tr	C	" There is little physical contact between men and women before comprehension , but since our people partner young , it is not such a problem .
tr	C	" I was more of a dork .
tr	O	The soft wind pats against my face , and the cool air lingers on my skin .
tr	O	All bumping into her , rushing here and there and crowding her ... she inhaled deeply , hoping to stave off an oncoming panic attack .
tr	C	We can find out a great deal by airship .
tr	O	This isolates the bedroom , with me in it , from the rest of the rover .
tr	O	He scrambled to his feet , assisted by the other security man .
tr	O	She yanks the sheets off the bed .
tr	C	He was digging through one of the metal skulls stacked in the corner .
tr	O	A memory tickles at my mind and I throw off the blindfold .
tr	O	When he started working for the FBI as a profiler , he realized that he couldn 't do it without the machine and the fast connection .
tr	C	" The hordes are quite slippery , and I don 't walk well , " he repeated .
tr	O	I can 't disclose any more details .
tr	O	He walked toward the tripod he 'd placed near the parapet .
tr	C	Perhaps the city was apprehended .
tr	O	Simultaneously , the shapeshifter fired his last shot .
tr	O	The pain of her predicament quickly gnawed it away .
tr	O	Auron 's saber slid over her blade and as he pressed down , she pushed up .
tr	C	" And unbutton my last shred of dignity ?
tr	O	" My mom 's never going to change , or ever stop bugging me . "
tr	C	I flex my nose .
tr	C	the one with the Officers asked .
tr	C	The last thing she remembered before veering off was the plane taxiing in reverse to head toward the runway .
tr	O	Its scales once a fine blue now were rotted as wisps of eerie green smoke rose from it .
tr	O	" Touch what ? "
tr	O	Shivering violently , I waved my arms frantically near my face to shoo whatever it was away .
tr	C	Twenty men came in five armored jacks .
tr	C	After trotting around the washcloth , I stopped in front of him .
tr	C	" I believe there 's one on the other side of the river , Sir Knight - in that aspen forest over there . "
tr	O	The lens rotated around its axis and the highway coiled like a slow-motion whip .
tr	C	It was pointless as the bandits were fixed tight .
tr	C	Look to the soles to see what food remains .
tr	C	A few minutes later , I have no idea whether he 's fixing the ravine or making things worse , but I 've had enough of waiting .
tr	O	Josef looked down and saw the seam and the label in the back of his tie facing out .
tr	O	He unsealed his headpiece and set it aside .
tr	O	It ain 't for snatching up by strangers .
tr	C	Thinking quickly , Lucas stuck his sword straight out in front of him , sheltering the imp as it jumped .
tr	C	' We should get the lights out , it 's after sundown .
tr	C	I 'm instructed to give it to you only upon sighting of the task . "
tr	O	He teases her with each step he takes , closing the distance between them .
tr	C	I was returning to the great movement of the seizure of existence .
tr	C	" Can you ever see her going for kinky sex , or hell , a biscuit ?
tr	O	Both men glittered in gold and rubies .
tr	C	Kiara noticed the rail line dividing the farm with sacrifices on one side and a makeshift platform on the other .
tr	C	He had no more believed that the vacancy of seven lost girls would be a success than she had .
tr	O	If anyone follows you , I 'll hang you from a tree using your own innards . "
tr	O	I 'd wronged them and they didn 't need me and my shit in their life anymore .
tr	C	Of course , this meant that they had a means of linking the presence of lingering folks with surveillance for confirmation .
tr	C	George , startled by the squirrel 's artwork , leapt backwards .
tr	O	What good was a king who terrorized and murdered his own people ?
tr	C	Instead of whacking flesh the will of the creature would be to infect other hosts .
tr	O	He caresses my hand , clasps our fingers tight .
tr	O	I have to keep myself from sneering at Grinder -- the hypocrite .
tr	C	It hadn 't been on any of Ogg 's shopping excursions .
tr	C	But before you head out , I 'll have Mrs. Mac pack some refreshment for the three of you .
tr	C	" Everyone seems happy here , you 've somehow managed to find a way for humans and vampires to shimmy in peace . "
tr	O	She flexed her fingers and chanted a Guardian spell , but only tiny sparks fluttered on our fingertips .
tr	C	A crying woman sat on the bench outside it sparking and blotting her nose .
tr	C	Next I went through the list and highlighted phone frequencies that seemed to be personal names , either business or friends .
tr	C	" Stop eavesdropping , woman .
tr	C	Through the vegetarian , she could make out Rob clearing off the vehicle .
tr	O	Scar appeared behind my back , squatting at the edge of the faucet , and gripped his hands under my arms , ready to pull me up .
tr	C	I shook my head , tears reciting from my eyes with the sharp motion .
tr	C	Friday afternoon , Tammie packs her clothes and behaviors to spend the night at Devon 's house .
tr	C	As we came around one corner I could see a small ray of smoke coming off the gun .
tr	C	Gently , he pulled out the tacks and learnt what posters he could .
tr	C	But until now , we didn 't know if the girls actually resonated with any of us .
tr	O	Brass Monday part 2 Lukas paced the command center as everyone did their best to follow the battle as reported by the five wireless observers .
tr	C	He downplayed the aftermath of Brendan 's injury and he thanked everyone that came in to help the family in their hour of need .
tr	C	She glanced in the far corner , and memories suddenly overtaken her .
tr	C	You know how I raved about shooting that deer ? "
tr	O	He turned as Loot and Fire Cub were both wading back out into the water .
tr	C	He clears his throat , and hauls himself down onto his knee in front of me .
tr	O	I glanced to my right and screamed , knocking several tins of makeup off the sink .
tr	C	" Sound pours , " said Will .
tr	C	The important thing to remember is that we have an entire hoard in place to help you .
tr	C	You know what I can do , and what I intend to do , for this city and the surrounding matrix .
tr	C	Say you 'll spend your life with me and I guarantee there will be no more handcuffs in proportions . "
tr	O	" Goddamn it , her lung 's collapsed finally , " he said .
tr	C	She 'd seen that look before , in the angry eyes of foster shelters .
tr	O	His other hand clutched his slingshot .
tr	O	" All right , you both can go ahead and put on your testimony and then I 'll make my ruling , " the judge said .
tr	O	I felt an incredible friction and my muscles pulsing out pleasure as he stretched me .
tr	C	" Interesting , " he said , slowly brightening my words .
tr	O	Liam had explained to her when she 'd first considered trying to take her Collar off that such a thing might happen .
tr	O	" I was planning on ordering some sushi or maybe some Chinese .
tr	O	He handed the cloak to the rector .
tr	O	As a result , they decapitated the monster and mounted the head on the walls of newly built churches to scare off evil spirits .
tr	O	The time stamp on the video was verified .
tr	O	Every cel , every nerve , every broken , bloody bit of my shattered heart .
tr	O	Some inclinations of the mind must be tempered .
tr	C	She was now standing in a large freight .
tr	C	Keeping his minions quiet .
tr	C	In the morning , the sleepovers helped them work out their next move .
tr	C	He was not sure if any of the taverns were posted on the other side .
tr	C	Death inspired me , it drove me , it whisked me .
tr	C	I fostered the guilt with a bolt of anger , gritting my teeth defiantly .
tr	O	Jimmy Lee was a fixture in the Roanoke criminal bar , a twenty-year veteran of the drug and vice wars .
tr	C	I was as still as stone , feeling an odd sense of forgetfulness about its nose nearly touching my belly .
tr	C	The clans kept this line secret and attempted to preserve it through inbreeding , chiming in genetic aberrations .
tr	C	He scratched his arm , crooked fingers lumpy with bulging sinews .
tr	C	Now what issued from the box was shouts and screams , and the menagerie of steel ... Vimes was watching the King " s face .
tr	O	She made offerings to the Goddess for a successful passing to the low mountains to the South east .
tr	C	He releases the curtain and it blocks out the sunlight , the room groping to a grey .
tr	C	She wore a designer sweater and dress pants , but the dorms were struggling to support her growing middle .
tr	O	Beth found herself studying Logan as he worked on the kite with Ben .
tr	C	' Dusty says that Twitter is going anyplace .
tr	C	The Council was not so much closed as it was allowed to recede into the friendly banter of those of the Forest and the telling of stories .
tr	O	Fluids bubbled through the pipes , and occasional tiny spats of steam hissed out of copper valves .
tr	O	And don 't forget it 's only one of their satellites you 've punished , one of the men they always find to do their dirty work .
tr	C	" Everyone in here stay at your boon for five more minutes . "
tr	C	She is a robust , gray-haired woman who dresses like a lightsaber and tries to write all her notes in haiku .
tr	O	whose parents brought her golden retriever to visit her on the ward every Sunday afternoon , and who always beat me at gin .
tr	O	" No keyhole , " she whispered .
tr	C	I understood the meaning of the word decency - I had become the very definition .
tr	O	When Talon returned to Nu Pike with the supplies he would check on the man and broach the topic as a request , hoping for the best .
tr	C	Several girls in the front of the packed crowd would slouch when he sang that one , probably picturing themselves as the object of his affection .
tr	C	We arrived at the tremors as the guards open the door to the cell .
tr	O	Zane sighed and stepped out of the row of tombs he 'd cut through .
tr	C	He pushed her against the wall , using his larger size in an arson attempt , but she remained unconcerned .
tr	O	There was a large sailboat anchored outside the reef !
tr	C	When under water , they are in their natural form , very similar to the common plight of mermaids .
tr	O	" Comes with the job , sir , " Marcus said .
tr	O	Stupid , bumbling old fool !
tr	O	May 10 - The Factory , Oklahoma Today , I helped Jack assemble his wind turbine .
tr	O	Lydia noted how she deliberately included Jake and his wife , as if she and Margie had been excluding him .
tr	O	" Hi , " he said , with about as much enthusiasm as she might muster for a cockroach .
tr	O	You got any ideas of who I could seduce out of her scrubs ? "
tr	C	Her eyes were full of tears , flecked black from mascara .
tr	O	The quick flash of seeing Gabriel with Brandy Peterson had branded itself into my mind .
tr	O	A few people were bound and carried away , a few more had an arm or hand broken by the haft of a spear to encourage civility .
tr	O	I lent my head on my friend 's shoulder , letting him know we were all good .
tr	C	What were your superiors ? "
tr	C	Agnes intercepted you to keep her secret , and that is exactly what you did .
tr	C	The cheers and whimpers of the audience were drowned out by the roaring in Caroline 's ears .
tr	C	Dream of archers on your face .
tr	C	hissed Spike , stunned at the sheer enormity of the idea .
tr	C	The notice pops up that Dr. B has hacked off .
tr	O	" A beautiful woman whose sensuality calls to me .
tr	O	" Most college students are too busy partying to care about feeding the poor . "
tr	O	For you to get the highest distinction we award , we must have more data on your Subject .
tr	C	More rum came from the beaked thing , its eyes , which resembled goggles more than eyes , shone with a sickly yellow light .
tr	O	But none of them could calm me and I stomped off to find a place to be alone and sulk .
tr	O	Some feeble radiance from outside light made him see things .
tr	O	Maybe the cartel did do it .
tr	O	That 's just the tip of the iceberg .
tr	O	Most of the lights had working bulbs in them and they blinked as I woke them .
tr	C	" He ordered lattes .
tr	O	' A bloodsucker ? '
tr	O	He floated in clear view of all high in the blue sky like a vulture circling above a waiting meal .
tr	O	Are you two sentries ? "
tr	C	I hear Derek let out his breath in a babysitter .
tr	O	And they condemned him ?
tr	C	" Which part of me lauding your responsibility , dependability , aspen , nobility and honor didn 't you get ? "
tr	O	His glimmering eyes met mine , a boyish smile tinged with sadness crinkling his face .
tr	C	But every time he began to hope for something better , the past honked once again .
tr	C	she asked absently , snipping the last inch or so from the roses ' roars .
tr	C	He wanted a climate with everything on it .
tr	O	He went to the porthole .
tr	O	" Come in , " Kylie called out before Della could initiate her plan .
tr	O	A long metal case rested on the floor near his feet , and one of the walls had a thin aperture , sealed by a steel shutter .
tr	O	He yanked out his checkbook and began scribbling .
tr	C	Ash had been captivated as a war Volt for Nova 's father , Bale .
tr	C	She had spent the better part of a day cuddling up a mountain with her eyes peeled to the ground for wood and stone obstacles .
tr	C	And the quicker they realized that , the quicker they could stop replaying their money into the incinerator that was greater health care .
tr	C	Finish cutting the inhaler free and then we 'll find out . "
tr	C	She astounded him with her bridesmaids .
tr	O	He received a rash of criticism from the press when , after two months , he still hadn 't uncovered a single clue .
tr	C	Her hands were hot on his skin and it took all his concentration to not concentrate on them -- chirping in ultimate failure .
tr	C	Hugo had spent the whole time prophet and relaying stories of his past endeavours .
tr	C	The likelihood of dozens of shel s cast shadows against the muddy glass .
tr	C	She wasn 't sure exactly how it happened , but suddenly the quest to adopt a secret had begun to feel like something secretive too .
tr	C	My throat gets tight as I see the club colors wielding the black leather , the President badge unmissable .
tr	O	I fed the sugar cubes to Posy , while Simon went to get the saddle and bridle .
tr	C	At least the traffic -- A man 's body slammed against the downpour and , an instant later , bounced off the bonnet .
tr	C	Not bungalow warm , to be sure , but warm for a winter day here , and hot for a winter day anywhere else .
tr	O	Though Amy was in no rush to get to any altar , the artist in her admired the painstaking craftsmanship of each dress .
tr	O	" I faxed in my resignation and made it effective immediately . "
tr	O	Fog rolled in off the water in a greedy vapor , sucking up the road from sight .
tr	O	I have my own lilacs now .
tr	C	It all boiled down to lisp and a will power to overcome diversity .
tr	O	Aside from brightening up a drab courtroom packed with boring men in dull suits , both women had performed well on the stand .
tr	C	It was a quiet statement , flat and without suspecting .
tr	C	" Don 't spook these kids . "
tr	O	At the rear of the flagship stood a large cubic structure that extended itself above the surface of the ship .
tr	O	I glanced down the hall , glad Wally was out for the afternoon along with Mai , the co-worker who sat nearest to my workspace .
tr	O	It reminds me of long ago holidays by the sea ; the many hours spent inside a tin caravan listening to the downpour .
tr	O	" What you 'll be witnessing today is the first fully functional use of the most mysterious substance in the universe .
tr	O	She rammed her shoulder into mine as she barged by to try and intimidate me even more .
tr	O	A second round of coffees and the time passed too speedily .
tr	O	He who loves fifty people has fifty woes ; he who loves no one has no woes .
tr	O	It was the wrenching away of her other self that terrified her .
tr	O	Confusion I may have to injure Claire before this day is over .
tr	C	After one last , massive atrium , the centipede collapses into the dirt and begins to slowly disintegrate .
tr	C	As she runs through a welcome and agenda , I take a quick glance at the panel who 'll be deciding our faults .
tr	C	You 're worse than the hazards , at least they know their place .
tr	O	Saw me blush at the sound of his name , rationalize his unexpected behavior .
tr	O	They came from exercise fields on the opposite side of the courtyard , where practice skirmishes with swords and spears were under way .
tr	C	She had been available whenever he needed a companion for a social obligation , and that had kept the buyers who lusted for ambition away from him .
tr	C	There isn 't a beast in the world that 'd do it to another living thing , but your scrolls do it to rats every day .
tr	O	Or , will I be remembered as a tyrant who arrogantly tried to make himself a legend ?
tr	C	I watch snippets of news on the screens with mild incline while skimming through my missed messages .
tr	O	All their efforts had come to naught .
tr	C	It was even more intoxicating than it had been in her dreams , and he wanted to wallow in it .
tr	O	Next I heard a scraping sound , perhaps her hand moving over the mouthpiece , and what she said next broke me into a million little pieces .
tr	O	" Do you know of a place , perhaps under the palace , that is deep and full of grime , by any chance ? "
tr	O	Its nose smashed the outer glass , driving across the Arrivals walkway and shattering the glass wall of the inner side , nearly toppling the status kiosk .
tr	C	Sky started to cry himself , a wave of cutlery and satisfaction washing over him .
tr	C	If I try to force him out , he will kill me or one of my lioness .
tr	O	He liked action-adventure flicks while she preferred romantic comedies , so they 'd settled on legal dramas with a romantic subplot .
tr	O	But my brother ... wel , he tends to rarely enjoy what 's in front of him .
tr	O	She was standing in front of the cupboards , her hand on her cheek where he 'd kissed her ... looking just as shell-shocked as he felt .
tr	C	It 'll put a hoard of color down their thermal picture .
tr	O	" You 're still with Iris , Foot , " I said , a silent reprimand .
tr	O	Once the car is cloned they can rent it out or lend it to a friend .
tr	O	Bella could not intervene .
tr	O	Her grandmother snapped the peas apart , her movements more frenetic than before .
tr	O	' The shocks are coming in thick and fast today . '
tr	O	How could you lose to a man with a snail upon his shield ?
tr	C	The rain had given way to an intermittent parrot .
tr	O	" So why aren 't you icing your shoulder ? "
tr	O	Covering the mouthpiece , she whispered to him .
tr	O	Of course , Kevin completely ignored her barb and continued to cross the room toward her desk in his customary insolent manner .
tr	C	Wait , sir , you will rip - " The warning ended on a groan as a snuffling sound cut through the air .
tr	O	Straightening Olivia 's sundress in the glass window outside Councilman Jennings ' office , I took a deep breath and told myself I could do this .
tr	C	Then where will we hold their cascades back ?
tr	C	Chapter Seven Once I 'd set Alex down after we were back in our cell I was paired again .
tr	C	Come to me , " she exclaims .
tr	C	Marty sunk his teeth into Seth 's side , at which point Seth completely ripped off his ear and blindfolded him in the eye .
tr	C	How many would die in the crashes of the East ?
tr	O	He hadn 't cooked handmade hamburgers in a long time .
tr	O	She braced her feet against the bottom of the tub and closed her eyes , her back curved in tension now as the shudders ran through her .
tr	O	He had a pebble between his thumb and forefinger and was drawing little scratches in the earth .
tr	C	It 's just that you never care about cuddling your hair or wearing makeup . "
tr	C	Everyone , get to building your own notions , " I announced as I observed the guys diving to be first in line .
tr	C	Her back alleys and the couch wobbles as I fill her with two fingers .
tr	O	His tongue swirled over the exact center of her palm , easing the tiny sting of his nipping teeth .
tr	C	But this seems completely against a typical Harker 's public business deductions .
tr	O	She pulled the complicated reports and colorful charts closer , trying to understand the immense data this man was attempting to impart to her .
tr	O	I thought maybe I 'd misheard . '
tr	C	Dark shapes swam deep in the kelp jungle - more exceptions of the sea 's rulers .
tr	O	Maybe because Mrs. Wharton did a great job ignoring me , and once in a lifetime she didn 't pester me .
tr	O	" If our foundations are built on gunpowder , then so be it .
tr	C	I struggled to diminish my breathing .
tr	C	Severe trauma to the temporal distortion .
tr	C	Others climbed into the four remaining church spires .
tr	C	The farewells the house sat on saved it from massive flooding , as the ocean waters devoured the beach and rolled heavily under the house .
tr	C	Or particularly resonated when sending out the wrong people together meant fewer people coming home .
tr	C	Courtney walked over to study the coupling .
tr	C	And judging by the lamplight the crowd had given T-Rex , Talon would say he wasn 't the only one to feel it .
tr	C	Chuck said , " It was a romantic seaside .
tr	O	She had been , in fact , a little infatuated with him .
tr	C	He 's got a bad temper and he smells awful - the hallucinations he uses , I understand . "
tr	O	They were being shown off like prizes for our arrival , I suspect .
tr	O	To Matthew 's imagination , it was an animal chorus befitting the deepest recesses of the Dark Continent .
tr	O	Back when I had been with him , his penis was metal free .
tr	O	" And she was the very last of my own blood descendants . "
tr	C	" Nice to meet you , " I said , wondering if I should tack .
tr	C	He had almost fifteen minutes before he had to regret that limbo , which was five seconds after Printer showed up at his doorway .
tr	C	Sam says , all buggy and joy gone from him .
tr	C	Their efficient waitress had the food out before either of them needed diapers .
tr	C	She made a great show of sitting up in the bed and racking the pillows into a comfortable pile .
tr	C	He imagined the hot reprimand of her mouth , the graze of her teeth , the warmth of her palm as she squeezed his balls hard .
tr	O	I can 't deny , however , that they still hurt and inflicted enough damage for me to feel the effects days later .
tr	C	She also created alliances with other nearby farms that hadn 't been in place for almost a century .
tr	C	' No , ' replied the Director , ' this is one of his flaws -- Boniface IX .
tr	C	He then turned his attention to Callum , Richard and the two mattresses .
tr	C	Alexia 's Cadillac sputtered once , then emitted a sad little hissing noise and stopped misting , having used up its store of the lapis solaris .
tr	O	Buzz ' drive missed the fairway by 30 yards and found heavy rough .
tr	C	" If it were market day every day , then we could have jugglers and ditches every day , too . "
tr	O	Enough to be sent to an asylum .
tr	O	She snuggled against him and enjoyed the pleasures and deepest desires again .
tr	C	All five Bailey Woods players pointed toward their basket and the Sphinx agreed , " Ball deflected off green !
tr	O	" We dream of this sort of collection , " he said , " thank you for the opportunity to appraise it .
tr	C	You 're nothing more than a selfish , little mutt that neglects her children and deceives her husband . "
tr	C	I let the crown issue go and instead recapped my latest intel about the newcomers and Abigail .
tr	C	The car squeals with cool spring air .
tr	C	She had spent many happy childhood hours at the compound 's stable and knew firsthand how they hated mages .
tr	O	" Did Salvatore tell you anything else about how the donation came into being ? "
tr	C	Sighing when he began to slow , she honked and rolled her window down as he did the same .
tr	O	Her legs started to cramp , and her head hurt from hitting the top shelf .
tr	O	Ethan palmed her hips , his best bad-boy smile in place for her and her alone .
tr	C	" And why is heirloom the only reason for a woman to meet a man clandestinely ? "
tr	O	If you 've ever seen twentieth century photographs of smog over cities like Los Angeles -- a good part of that dome of dirty air was NO2 .
tr	O	I caught a whiff of the same laundry detergent Mom usually used , and a pang of homesickness shot through me .
tr	O	I bullied her until she was incoherent with weeping .
tr	O	I hope you 'll forgive me for granting him permission , since we 're family . "
tr	O	I went back to the bourbon bottle .
tr	C	I lifted mine to press her cheeks , enjoying the warm tingle that billowed through my fingertips .
tr	O	He boarded a train for London that night and left for the Continent the next morning .
tr	O	He lounged in the insubstantial chair like a sleek panther , all restrained power and suppressed violence .
tr	O	Jean-Luc pulled a long , thin stiletto out of his boot .
tr	C	It could close the kennel doors and stop the flow into the heart of the world .
tr	C	I eyed the small troop camping stove in the corner , but honestly , it would take too long at this point .
tr	C	" The kid was scolding , " I say , making to lead her down the street .
tr	O	He wore tight white pants and a gingham checked shirt that could have doubled as a tablecloth .
tr	C	" Christ on a rehabilitation , Paige . "
tr	O	She hadn 't been directly to blame for the first part of the debacle .
tr	O	He laced his boots and pocketed a beet cake before heading back to Mudd 's .
tr	C	A young steward stopped her .
tr	O	The only thing he had to do was keep him from waking the ley line .
tr	C	We sat down at our desks as the bashing started .
tr	C	Then , an airship came to him .
tr	O	She suited bright colours , colours that flagged her hot-blooded temperament .
tr	O	What the hell have you head doctors been studying all these years with your dreams and your complexes and your Christ ?
tr	O	" We could build a wall , " one of the growers suggested .
tr	O	Dean grabbed my hand , steadying me before going after the surfboard .
tr	O	A few years later , I published the catalogue to see if they 'd get in touch with me .
tr	O	She recognized a few of the imprisoned magi .
tr	O	The power that Gregori wielded was phenomenal .
tr	C	He 's a shilling .
tr	C	The group walked up to the interstate .
tr	O	We were ready to fill the cartons with ice cream to take to Edward 's vendors .
tr	C	Some raised their bony hands in a wave and some pointed to her , looked at their companions and threw their baskets back in mock laughter .
tr	C	One of the burly bouncers who 'd been numbing hands at the front door was next to him .
tr	O	" Yeah , well , apparently I didn 't qualify .
tr	C	His writings could do and drink what they liked ; Johnny knew what he had to do .
tr	C	The woman across the river had laughed at a young eagle as it waylaid on a pliant branch .
tr	O	" Says the guy whose claim to fame is how many chicks he can bag in one night . "
tr	C	he clarified , not looking at all dwindled .
tr	O	It was no secret that I was a reading nut , so being able to share that exhilaration with him was awesome .
tr	O	I 'm just a big buffoon .
tr	O	The pots of sweets with their screw tops .
tr	C	You couldn 't help but smile when you described the strange behavior of your cat or tweet .
tr	C	You 've been careful and treated the idea of incarceration with respect . "
tr	C	I said , " The outcast hid behind sunglasses and a cowboy hat , but I 'm positive I 've never seen him before .
tr	O	Trot 's lazy eyes came to life when Gran said , " Good mornin ' , " and went straight toward him .
tr	O	So we 've got a pristine bullet with all the lands and grooves we need to tie it to an individual rifle . "
tr	C	Tonight he would prolong her .
tr	C	This was a room for lashing .
tr	C	He looked away , allowing his dedication to show .
tr	O	His nostrils were ringed with dark red .
tr	O	The lurch had been associated with power drain and a shift of switching equipment to the necessities of automatic damage control .
tr	O	If you are like James and have forsaken your Pentecostal heritage , I urge you to return to your roots .
tr	C	The stench and heat of the fire in the lab was wafting right past her as the sprinkler system pumped it elsewhere in the base .
tr	O	As new warden , you will have fresh worlds . "
tr	O	My conversion was gradual .
tr	O	We wouldn 't have made it without their generosity . "
tr	C	His voice is harsh , almost like a raven 's unshaven .
tr	O	He 'd had enough of flipping , tripping and touching to last him two lifetimes .
tr	O	They each took off and began combing the area in search of any clues .
tr	O	" For the livestock to eat , sure .
tr	O	It strengthened as his heated gaze ran over her .
tr	C	Baron smiles and gives her body a fedora from head to toe , causing every muscle in my body to clench in reaction .
tr	C	Renna 's stomach jumped as the ship surged into motion , speeding away from the explorer before beginning its ascent back into the stars .
tr	O	Fight me for dominance . "
tr	C	If he stumped up all the qualities of his perfect mate , Hannah 's photo would be right beside it .
tr	C	Her lawyer made a statement on the courthouse steps proclaiming her innocence and rendering the police for not releasing her sooner .
tr	C	They walked to the building what had huge height , and it was even taller than what they went up in New York in secular .
tr	C	' Don 't blush , don 't telepath , just tell me , ' he said .
tr	C	He 's a fetish , he can exit and enter this realm as he pleases .
tr	C	The red and blue and gold wool she was winding made bright rectangles on her brown cotton gown .
tr	O	I slowly scoot to sitting in bed and double over the pain is so intense .
tr	O	A blatant ruse as my region covers the western United States .
tr	O	She 's been helping you with some of your vaccine work , right ?
tr	C	Still coughing up the water he 'd snorted , Alex unzipped his politician .
tr	C	She was not looking forward to having to fend off Vulcan 's initials again .
tr	C	We have been able to accumulate a certain amount of funds and have been decorating some of them to the needy in our community .
tr	O	I knew how you felt about that elf , and I kept coming back to gain your affections .
tr	C	Milo felt a slight flush of shame as the scent of incense bled beneath the door .
tr	C	" Your intentions were always good , " Haven said , not liking his coaching .
tr	O	They varied in age from pre-pubescent to late adolescent .
tr	O	Richard grabbed her by the arm to force her , John grabbed her other arm , and the next thing they knew both canoes had capsized . "
tr	O	He was so withdrawn that he never made his appearance and so powerful that even the other Hard Ones seemed afraid of him .
tr	O	Her mind kept fretting over Fletcher 's window-dressing accusation .
tr	C	" My skin flicks at the thought of letting Ethan touch me and , even worse , pretending to like it . "
tr	C	The young Bees were still negotiating .
tr	O	T is too late for talk of treaties and peace .
tr	O	The nuts , which had once been so bountiful , had dwindled to no more than a scant , sporadic offering .
tr	O	I just had an epiphany this morning and I feel that I need to be there .
tr	O	I 'm not ready to go back home and face everyone I bailed on .
tr	O	Well then ... let it all fall to the underworld . "
tr	O	" Appreciate it , " I say cheerfully .
tr	C	He never understood the slashes of a bath .
tr	C	Back came the echo , as if these cries were geese rising and then tumbling back down upon him .
tr	C	I nodded , activating the woman 's stance and expressions , trying my best to make Madame Dabney proud .
tr	C	He still smelled like the Kiehl 's misshapen hand lotion she 'd bought him for Christmas .
tr	C	I felt really bad for storing them , especially as I didn 't even know why Xavier had set up this elaborate story .
tr	O	For Raja , it was all about the underdog , all about leveling the playing field for the decent people who played by the rules .
tr	O	They 'd all get fined ten shillings if they did that in England . "
tr	O	By the time the windows were done and Paul had started on the braces , there was lightning over the water and the rain was driving hard .
tr	O	His lips captured her nipple and nibbled , sucked against her and she just about screamed with the need that she 'd thought had just been assuaged .
tr	O	" Mom , you 're a law breaker . "
tr	O	The only way an FBI agent would have interacted with Dean that long ago was if she was part of the team that took down his father .
tr	C	There were countless times that he 'd actually regretted living in New York , simply because negotiating a car in the city was largely superfluous .
tr	C	She did not remember stopping , but when she tried to continue walking slowly , anonymously , she felt a tug at her tote .
tr	C	' Was that one of your time permits ? '
tr	O	I got to get over there as soon as the storm eases up a little . "
tr	C	There are no real airplanes anywhere else .
tr	O	She couldn 't move through space ; she had no control or propulsion .
tr	O	Many times they found the places where the rustlers had switched horses .
tr	O	" I think Kent was deflecting your power somehow , " Kenji says .
tr	O	Those people wouldn 't wish you well and give you a good recommendation to your next employer .
tr	C	He dampened the numbers in his head quickly .
tr	O	I take my bowl and his to the sink and rinse them out .
tr	C	Still , when he 'd been the one to spell it out , a frisson of disappointment and suspicion had navigated through her .
tr	O	" True , but I had great teachers and mentors .
tr	O	He give me dis . "
tr	C	Meanwhile , half the boat was still fast on whatever had faxed it .
tr	O	I catch Owen 's worried expression , and I know we 're both doubting just what our friend would and wouldn 't do right now .
tr	C	Had the radiance seen Wolf Eyes ?
tr	O	I ran across the black marbled floor of the rotunda to the Assembly amphitheater .
tr	C	She was blushing painfully and couldn 't look across the table , not wanting to see the speakerphone on Hector 's features .
tr	O	He had intended a slow courtship , to win her gently , not leap on her body every time he looked at her .
tr	C	" Sorry I must have crested over that .
tr	C	His grip loosened enough for the old man to forfeit the weapon free .
tr	O	You know that the minute you focus too much on what 's in front of you , something comes up and snatches you from behind .
tr	C	They crested on either side of the man 's head and buried into the wall behind him .
tr	O	He had been chosen as a compromise between what developed into two factions .
tr	O	Nothing says solidarity like hooking up with one of your own , you know ?
tr	O	That tender feeling was evaporating rapidly .
tr	O	It took both of them to unload the truck onto the sidewalk , and Neil waited with the pile while Matt parked .
tr	O	When he picked up the platinum knife from Zena 's belly I knew I was running out of time .
tr	C	He turned his back on me and waded back toward his moped .
tr	C	The air outside my windshield was a mist of splinters and hazards and men I knew , screaming and diving to get out of the way .
tr	O	Yet being a ful adult was stil a few years out of reach .
tr	C	He found himself in Enigma fighting fair bosses .
tr	C	And once we find what that is , we can probably get a specialized analysis out of the man . "
tr	C	" Lara , if they 've offered him leniency to nuzzle against you , you 're finished .
tr	C	One of our members is a dent !
tr	C	Are you not beginning to believe in the insomnia ? "
tr	O	They didn 't have physical restrictions where their daily life was concerned .
tr	O	" For a woman , nay , a babe you had never even met ? "
tr	O	Then I set her down , turned her around , and gave her a little spank on the bottom .
tr	O	A flash of blue light volleyed up the bars , billowing along the ceiling and over the mark like smoke full of glitter .
tr	C	The only difference is that her dress has lettering underneath and Cassie 's doesn 't .
tr	C	I 'd suspect a halo only Dallas isn 't exactly a breeding ground for rocket scientists . "
tr	C	To that end , she found herself here , in this crazy cult where the women were showing more skin than they were covering .
tr	C	Forever , as long as he didn 't get himself staked or induced .
tr	O	It wasn 't supposed to be there , and the troll had never bothered to finish his renovations .
tr	O	Your opera house succeeds or fails by my whim ! "
tr	C	This eBook may not be re-sold or given away to other people .
tr	O	Number one : No outright killing of competitors until the final round .
tr	O	But we could not leave without saying farewell and expressing our heartfelt gratitude for all you have done . '
tr	O	I said in an effort to end the qualm so that we could get the day started .
tr	C	You were protecting and manhandling me all along .
tr	C	He may have held the rank of Captain but truth be told , he was just a scientist that needed to ken the men he was commanding .
tr	C	Here he was put to bed and a young nurse sat in askance at his bedside .
tr	C	He was a good humour and made me laugh .
tr	O	Charlie was just miserable enough at that point to decide that Lady Mowbray had most likely gone deaf in defense against the girl 's prattle .
tr	O	When he closed his eyes to doze , he did so with one ear cocked forward .
tr	C	Here , I come , " Locking down the stairs while Rann stands at the bottom of the steps .
tr	C	The soles from the top floor , mistaken for party popper noises , do not alarm anyone .
tr	O	' And , will the words have to rhyme ? '
tr	O	All of the weight was on the tips of her toes , and her muscles started spasming .
tr	O	John was deprived of his reins , and long reins were attached instead , one taken by Ernest and one by Adam .
tr	C	" What is cult ? "
tr	O	" I might lose my job as an interplanetary voyeur ?
tr	C	The idea of tackling Steve and getting pregnant had , in the beginning , been entirely selfish .
tr	O	He heard the click of the shutter , and Eleanor 's sigh of delight .
tr	O	Through his earpiece , a barrage of voices filled the waves .
tr	C	Romulus grunted in overdrive .
tr	O	I would never have pegged Jesse as favoring red and yellow .
tr	C	Haworth 's deputies were sharp .
tr	O	For years it piled high , filled forests and grass fields until they left behind scars that looked like glaciers of black ice .
tr	C	The fired rocket struck the bridge ahead of them , exploding old ties and shouldering apart steel .
tr	O	He tried to move them away but found only the mist of condensation .
tr	C	" Only decent swimmer .
tr	C	" It ebbs and flows , like the portraits .
tr	O	He passed the order to the platoon leaders to have their machine gunners take out the mortars first .
tr	O	I put a protective hand over the solitaire .
tr	O	As soon as the door opened , he began pulling the triggers on his guns as fast as he could .
tr	C	I solidified on all my hiking and camping supplies .
tr	O	Jonas would instinctively want to protect her and Kincaid would instinctively want to defile her . "
tr	O	Illumination came from a dozen candles in the black iron chandelier and a few oil lamps spaced about the room .
tr	C	His stubble grated my skin as I trailed my lips along his musk .
tr	C	A storm arrived just before dawn and disrupted the baskets of the yacht .
tr	C	" You know , companionship no doubt is the greatest malaise of humanity .
tr	C	The tallest towers belonged to the main building , which seemed to have been built more for rebirth than for beauty .
tr	C	The steel retained its unbreakable strength , even when thinned to a hair 's ringtone .
tr	O	" If you need me ... " I offered , unable to respond to his cryptic riddles .
tr	O	Ideally , the wraith 's consciousness is erased , leaving the energy to resurrect the vampire as the person he or she once was . "
tr	O	" He spends a lot of time there . "
tr	C	Vlad hadn 't rigged the boat with weights .
tr	C	" To the right are incidents where in colonial days the tobacco ships used to land for cargos of island tobacco .
tr	C	Want to own part of both skulls ? "
tr	O	Yet he managed to suppress his bloodlust long enough to escape her .
tr	C	Look , we need to go find your old polo and see if it can be fixed . "
tr	C	Always there to comfort , snore , talk about all the things young girls want to talk about .
tr	O	But like all true evil , that beauty is deceptive and it lures the unwary in for capture and ruin .
tr	O	Jill practically inhales him with her eyes and as she lingers on Patrick , I connect the dots .
tr	O	Louder and louder came the great chorus of overlapping whispers .
tr	C	That guy was just trying to do his job , which was to take out the jugular before he could throw the ball .
tr	C	It seemed that many of her kidnappers had moved to the city , leaving their country homes for the realtors to sell .
tr	C	Casually , I picked up the book again and pretended to flip through it while listening for the sentry atop the shelves .
tr	O	Michael , sensing that the tempers were increasing , stepped in trying to calm everyone down .
tr	C	But no one is a pall .
tr	O	A dashing green and golden wash pouring across the landscape as if someone had tipped a painter 's pot over it .
tr	O	She was so disgusted with the cowards for running that she wasn 't even upset when they left .
tr	O	An email from Frannie had come in , so I figured I could spend a few minutes avoiding the weirdness I felt in the room .
tr	C	She knew the mechanics ; her Collar had been most thorough .
tr	O	The delegates looked at each other for a moment , nodding , and then turned back to her .
tr	C	" Tack , " I whispered under my breath .
tr	C	She believed strongly that displaced people in America were being wrongfully persecuted and fought very hard to gain awareness and eventually equal rights for them . "
tr	O	I should like to explore their advantages a little more before I return to human ones . "
tr	O	She flailed her arms in a panic , trying desperately to get them off her .
tr	C	Then he swings it through the air a few times making shushing sounds with his mouth like a boy playing swords .
tr	O	You really can 't help inventing things , can you , or altering them ?
tr	O	The tension that lines his face is etching deep groves into his beautiful skin .
tr	C	" You 'll live to be a happy old woman with lots of slots . "
tr	O	" And they employ you just to tell us that we can 't purchase alcohol ?
tr	O	You three probably found the only way in for outsiders , through the river .
tr	O	He reported his concern that she could be dangerous ; he thought she harbored a deep well of anger that would make her capable of killing .
tr	C	" Yes , crashes .
tr	C	The water began to boil and and the air became a circumstance .
tr	O	An ashtray and lighter sat in the middle of the table .
tr	O	She trilled a laugh .
tr	O	More pictures of him partying hard .
tr	O	A thick ream of gauze was plastered around his head , covering the wound where the doctors claimed the bullet had narrowly missed his brain .
tr	O	Isaac 's babysitter said she showed up early this afternoon and crashed . "
tr	C	They just looked up other bridesmaids ' estimates on the internet or in magazines .
tr	O	The Byrnes have never been big on presents and treats for birthdays except for the children .
tr	O	Chase the Germans back across the frontier . "
tr	C	The lenses in the air was stifling .
tr	C	" A bungalow you were caught . "
tr	C	It 's a criticism . "
tr	O	The initial feeling of panic had ebbed away , replace by a kind of grim acceptance .
tr	C	Isn 't that the fundamental barrier that prevents me from the human race ?
tr	O	Her arms trembled in little spasms , and I could tell she was crying .
tr	O	There are warehouses where it 's grown or whatever they do to create it -- nobody knows , except the food workers .
tr	C	And yet , here he was , happily grabbing her small hand in his large one and cuddling up to the altar with her .
tr	O	She stepped around me , pushing through the door to bio .
tr	O	" Okay lads , " Timmy began , " we 've narrowed it down to you five , fine fellows .
tr	C	Timothy smiles , cringing embarrassment , nods his head , and says , " Got it . "
tr	C	I want to know you are having a fun evening , not mucking around here .
tr	C	The German airship rose from his chair and walked over to a large wall screen where images of the enemy facility were displayed .
tr	C	He has no reason to be cowed by our carriers ' scrutiny .
tr	O	Daniel and Jeremy had spent the morning carving another crutch with a better handhold and many decorative figures carved into the wood .
tr	C	But he didn 't want to divulge too much with Grace under Joe 's watchful eye .
tr	C	Lucas 's self-satisfaction was obviously contaminated to make me smile , which it did .
tr	O	" Who has the time for such an undertaking ? "
tr	C	There was no sidewalk circus to seep through .
tr	C	I finished my stupid Shirley Temple , crunching the ice and gnawing at the cherry stem as I thought of my possible populations .
tr	O	" Both are first lieutenants in the Black Hand 's army . "
tr	O	The brother generally had a calm disposition .
tr	O	" That 's my specialty . "
tr	O	The Egyptian 's countenance grew grimmer .
tr	C	I think it got caught up in likeness , ' he said , hopefully . '
tr	O	Delighted to find some degree of civilization , Rift advances forward , stopping short when his foot collides with something warm .
tr	O	He was someone there without having to adapt to any alien ideology , he could simply be himself .
tr	O	The weather was cold , so she put on black opaque tights and her favorite lace up Dr. Martin 's boots .
tr	O	I dismounted and found a fresh canteen of water nearby on the ground .
tr	O	His voice was thick with sleep and he blinked , trying to drag himself back to wakefulness .
tr	C	This was not achieved without inflection .
tr	O	" Suppose you tell us . "
tr	O	We handled the clones , but who knows how many others lurk in the shadows , " his voice took on an overly dramatic tone .
tr	C	As good looking as she is , I 'm more worried about needing a noose . "
tr	O	But a closer inspection revealed the hard muscles beneath the designer clothing and the promise of death that lurked in the pale silver eyes rimmed with black .
tr	C	" He 's coming , Your Grace , " the foreman said .
tr	C	" Do you remember what I said the first night I shrunk you ?
tr	C	I was released with full baskets , and my commander recommended me to the protection detail for a visiting senator .
tr	O	All your power ceases to exist in this world I have chosen .
tr	O	I 'm halfway up an incline when my dad yells to me once more .
tr	C	Should the oak armoire in the hall be replaced ?
tr	C	" Forty five acre , Nine millimeter , a cheap one though .
tr	O	Della 's vision faded and the blonde chameleon , a shimmer of brightness surrounding her , appeared standing in front of her .
tr	O	When she reappeared , Foxy had just finished knotting his tie and was almost dressed .
tr	C	I haven 't seen you about this lawsuit . "
tr	C	That evening , he would have an armory with his father , right before he would take the first bottle .
tr	O	They startle me almost as much as the crimson eyes that were looking at me just moments before .
tr	C	He knew the jawbone didn 't believe him .
tr	O	I could see how someone as feeble-minded as Danny would get seduced by such athleticism .
tr	O	The bartender , who was mostly whole and standing behind the bar again , offered me a grin and began preparing noodles .
tr	O	The metal shackles dug deeper into his wrists and ankles , but he reared up and kicked .
tr	O	I 'll let you go and give you the annulment you so desperately want .
tr	O	" Helping you , of course . "
tr	O	He 'd follow , because he was no doubt upset that Katy and Liam had nominated him for eviction .
tr	O	Anyway , he assures me you are very professional and reliable .
tr	C	" So then why do you look like a love sick puppy who returns her bracelets ? "
tr	C	The grass moved with the wind , so sometimes you could see waves of darker patches of darkness moving against the brunt of night .
tr	C	' Now our transaction is at an end .
tr	C	Sky had taken one look at them and cursed their very existence , but they were his infidelity , and as such he did not kill them .
tr	O	Heat scorched over her skin in prickling waves .
tr	O	At least this way she does not have to frown over me each day and fret over my lost potential .
tr	C	Not recommending you , simply taking a small amount of your blood so that I can touch your mind at any time .
tr	C	Right now I can 't unite with him either .
tr	O	His world spun on its axis and came to a tottering halt , right side up .
tr	C	The warm water burns and the brown paper towels feel like sandpaper as he dives off the blood .
tr	O	They were armed with swords , spears , and axes .
tr	O	She docked the phone .
tr	O	" Thanks , " Scott said , barely feeling the pamphlet between his fingers .
tr	O	My group smiled and patted my shoulders and commended me as if I hadn 't completely frozen in the beginning .
tr	O	Lissa might worry what fallout would come of her actions with the Alchemists , but she had no such fears regarding my father .
tr	O	There was sawdust and pipe smoke and several other scents she couldn 't identify .
tr	O	That relationship crashed and burned like a second freakin ' Chernobyl .
tr	C	Physical bonds were the most basic , and instinctively he used them to nuzzle the link between them .
tr	O	I 'd be damned if I would let him cause her another iota of pain .
tr	O	This time , no more mister nice guy ; he 'd show his true self , if he could find it .
tr	O	The steps , ascending into the darkness , were old and rotten and didn 't look very stable .
tr	O	It comes from a willingness to live in complete and utter misery for the benefit of another .
tr	O	But even so , this habitat is located in the most varied and abundant marine environment in the world . "
tr	O	She crouched beside Luka , her face blanched with horror .
tr	C	That muck heap beside the shopping center ?
tr	O	Edward was crouching in front of me , and I couldn 't see his face , but the snarls were ripping angrily out of his chest .
tr	O	So , what are you experimenting with this evening ? "
tr	O	Luster aimed her crossbow at the peasant .
tr	O	To confirm I was able to save enough money to get through another semester of tuition .
tr	C	Every night I nuzzle my walk through the bloodstained corridors on the day of the humans ' attack .
tr	O	The first two killed Harriet ... she taught advanced bio .
tr	C	" They were sparking a peculiar smell that convinced you that they were telling you the truth .
tr	O	Tentatively , it left its burrow .
tr	C	Even then , other troops had often , picked the spires nearly clean .
tr	O	When you went out trolling in the Quarter , you ... hurt me , " she said .
tr	C	The sweet and sour punch of my green apple mojito wet my tongue before scuttling down my throat .
tr	O	Except this octopus had multiple layers of arms .
tr	O	I suppose you understand my set-up , by now . "
tr	O	Turning , Royce gave the order , and heavy chains and weights were set in motion .
tr	C	His dad stepped sideways through the blustery door , and the other four children were on him , grating and hugging , immediately .
tr	O	Her lungs seemed to malfunction and her skin was too hot and tight on her frame .
tr	C	" Oh whoa , " he says , rubbing his head as he looks at his fish .
tr	O	" I could even offer you an ownership stake if you 'd like , " he said .
tr	C	I needed to see some unrest in their eyes .
tr	C	I wonder how he has time to hear them all or if they whisk around him until he 's overwhelmed .
tr	O	The birds had stopped singing ; the squirrels no longer ran through the trees .
tr	C	" I see , " Arnie said , but he was not undergone .
tr	O	If there is a riot , it will be ruinous for all , and the Romans will not hesitate to intervene . "
tr	O	I need to protect Helen and don 't need to worry about being detained for deportation .
tr	C	And some of them , poor buggers , had their babies even though they weren 't married .
tr	C	Losing himself in her sweet kiss , he let his anxieties about their London life multiply like rising steam .
tr	O	Her eyes widened with alarm at the mention of pain , but when she spoke it was with heartbreaking concern for him , rather than herself .
tr	O	Well , I would have two very loyal and nasty hounds to do my bidding .
tr	C	The clamor had offered to help her in her hunt for more potent weapons .
tr	O	Roy was afraid she was about to dissolve into tears , but she managed to keep her composure .
tr	C	As they exited the hotel lobby , David could see two motorcycles leading a motorcade of two scholars .
tr	C	The road parallels did not clean up these streets , as they did not go into this area , it being deemed not important enough .
tr	C	She flicks , weighing her decision to tell me .
tr	C	" Quick calculation , girl , but you nearly killed us both , " he whispered .
tr	C	* * * Sam was with driveways all day .
tr	C	Both in their mid forties , he mastered .
tr	C	" Everyone will figure I was in a major eBook , " James teased .
tr	C	Crash your party , " I discharge , unable to keep my eyes on his face for long .
tr	O	They had clearly worked hard during their lives and were now content to spend their remaining years with a pint in their hand .
tr	C	In the next moment , these thoughts fled and her heart rate sped up as she realized he was barreling straight toward her .
tr	C	Kar remained behind , smiling as he watched the lawsuit , as did the Inquisitor who was Vin 's captor .
tr	O	That could be linked to explosives . '
tr	O	He reached into his jerkin and he took out the thing that he had carved .
tr	O	What sort of airfield are you running down there ?
tr	O	My sweet , bad-ass biker . "
tr	C	It irritates my tips . "
tr	O	" Good suggestion , corporal , " the captain agreed .
tr	O	There was a whooshing sound as the air in the room moved to feed the flames .
tr	C	Hide and retract your debris .
tr	O	Imagined Diggs coming through his front door to find Juarez and I in the throes of ... whatever , in his spare bedroom .
tr	O	Lately , it seems like the only time she 's able to sleep peacefully is in the afternoons .
tr	O	We still hear sporadic shotgun blasts .
tr	C	You have time to persuade , spook , and threaten .
tr	C	Those who stood by were spared from the void , but we were Bound to exist in between light and dark until the end of days .
tr	O	Confused as I was , I decided I 'd better wade in and help .
tr	C	I remembered Loren in bed with Haiku Noon , now bolting from being assaulted by her own father .
tr	C	Hey Aldershot , check your handy dandy little pushover . "
tr	O	It is in this capacity that I beg you to rescind your challenge and give up your prisoner .
tr	O	" You should have thought about that before unzipping your pants . "
tr	C	I 'd kill for a slayer .
tr	O	Rue stood abruptly enough to startle Sean , who was leaning against the wall by her chair .
tr	O	Her hair had the luster of soot and her index finger had taken on a twisted , knobby appearance .
tr	C	At first I had set her up to follow one of the other kingdoms around , but she insisted that she could handle it on her own .
tr	C	The impulse travels down a hardwire from his brain to the Last Resort 's praises .
tr	O	The sounds mingled , in Emma head , as she struggled to free herself from the handrail .
tr	C	He could have asked for and received a report on Dave 's lapel over the telephone .
tr	O	Probably because she wanted to ride in the sled .
tr	O	He sat at the window , looking out at the devastated orchard , watching for snipers and waiting for the inevitable attack .
tr	C	He had rejoined us again .
tr	C	Elissa ignored him and continued down the mauve colored rooster to Jim 's office .
tr	C	As if our vampiric colonies had connected on a biological level separate from our hearts and minds , like our predatory souls had found kindred spirits .
tr	C	He reached down between them , declining his fingers inside her , feeling the renewed moistness in her core , the heat practically scorching him .
tr	C	Now she had to figure out how to get back , a logistical placement .
tr	O	The fact that he was one of the better students and always sat at the front of the class helped to camouflage his accelerating myopia .
tr	C	She found where the cloth of his deeds was gathered together , which she parted to allow him to spring free .
tr	O	Soon they were approaching the security checkpoint at the entrance of the City of the Robots .
tr	C	" Yes , he says he wants to put us on his show to embarrass and untie us in public .
tr	O	The contents of the left transept had been occupied by a display of candles laid out like tombstones across a table .
tr	C	" I 'm not talking about alien spaceship and you know it .
tr	O	It was time to drop all pretense .
tr	C	Her limbs came into the lightness and power of sudden mirth , fight or flight , chemical and wild .
tr	O	The delightful meal Rick had provided threatened to make a reappearance .
tr	C	With a wide swipe of his arm , he knocked the puncher off the corner of her desk , along with the container that held her iris .
tr	C	Apparently the city 's warring powers were somewhat of a mystery to her too .
tr	C	The Tinker also gave him a walking staff , which Rand used as he walked , withdrawing slightly .
tr	C	The house is old , full of booths and dingy white paint and hardwood floors that look rather neglected .
tr	C	With each loaf that shook Skyler 's body , the earth beneath her trembled slightly and the two bodies sank a little deeper into the soil .
tr	C	The alternative of glue the sexy scandal would be over in a day .
tr	C	I don 't care about Bill , or the daily interactions for that matter .
tr	C	Brick took his own conclusion from the parley .
tr	O	I 'm hungry , and needed to find something to eat , since I skipped breakfast and feel like I 'm going to die from starvation .
tr	O	" The Titans have overthrown the Greeks , " Aeron announced .
tr	C	Stick slams his fist into my eye and pain throbs through my skull .
tr	O	he sputtered , flinging his arms in the air .
tr	O	He stopped skating , and pulled her flush against his body .
tr	C	I can feel my thumbs connecting in the aromas of his body , touch his spinal cord , feel its veins wrap around my fingers like spaghetti .
tr	C	Hope and pray and wish that no one else dies because of my drumsticks .
tr	O	Amid the licks and yelps and giggles of their mutual admiration , she managed to calm down enough to turn to her mother .
tr	C	Her eyes filmed me in , her lips parted .
tr	O	I remember deserts and double rainbows , waterfalls and fire-breathing dragons -- well , my mother might have taken some liberties with the landscape .
tr	O	" Wait , our mascot is the hedgehog ? "
tr	C	That along with a basic stitch of a government that had been caught lying to her people so many times before .
tr	O	The faeries froze him with ice , or burned him with heat .
tr	C	The sun was just coming up over Caracas , unfolding the sky brown .
tr	C	In the dark , the glass wall was no longer a black mirror , analyzing the room .
tr	O	" Hey , no need to make a federal case out of it , but get all your weeding done tonight .
tr	O	Hana wrenches away , looking suddenly afraid .
tr	C	She swallowed hard , her heart pounding in her chest , desire swamping her , yet not informing her needs .
tr	C	All the fear and tension was returning in something like a masochist .
tr	O	She used these few moments to plug in her earphones and select an upbeat track that would help prepare her for the busy day .
tr	C	He was so great that the people made him a hangman . "
tr	C	Abe answered , and Shorty , now convinced it was his tours that stranded them , tried to bury himself under Abe 's armpit .
tr	C	Ever since the final once-over last summer , the cosmos had really come out of hiding .
tr	O	Since Mom was diagnosed when Suri was a toddler , I know a little about it already .
tr	C	As if that would be enough to grope for his sins .
tr	C	The lake is fed partly by underground springs although its main source is the Jordan River which crashes through it from north to south .
tr	O	And he 'd completely given up coming to the lunchroom , which meant I hadn 't seen him at all outside of English .
tr	C	" I never saw you as a reversal . "
tr	C	If one of the six is discovered , the pebble will alert the others and we 'll go in together .
tr	O	She wrapped her arms around his neck and returned his kiss with a fervor equal to his own .
tr	C	So did the " congratulations on your new life together " note , this one dispatched with a delicate white vase of shrub roses .
tr	C	The mountain had been the archetypes of the Lost Souls .
tr	C	The project would take shipping and they 'd have to start right away .
tr	O	She keeps her eyes on my itinerary and can think of nothing to say .
tr	O	The public snub wasn 't nearly as painful as the knowledge the Raven pitied her .
tr	O	Apart from looks , he 's as different as chalk from cheese from his brother , and they rarely meet .
tr	O	Parking in front of the Georgian portico the front door opened and the two labs came tearing out both wearing red scarves followed by George Mudd .
tr	C	But then she began to thrive on her glasses again .
tr	O	" This old bum says that to all the ladies in the area , hoping one might actually take him serious , Emma . "
tr	C	He was the one that had taught Julian , the one that had cajoled him ; he was not going to be played with by him .
tr	C	Murphy could see that they already had a minivan waiting behind the shutter door , its forks in a pallet stacked with small wooden cases .
tr	C	He must have found a smaller tunnel or hibernation to slide into as he pulled me out of the main tunnel .
tr	O	From the stare of contemplation that was directed at me Markus said , " Just be careful when you 're with him . "
tr	C	Returning to Reginald 's side , Balan peered in to see his wife tramping around Emilie , helping her and her maid pack away her things .
tr	O	Gabe leaned over the counter again , propping his elbows on it and linking his hands together again .
tr	C	Yeah , good swimmer .
tr	O	I saw Noel Kahn yesterday at the McDonald 's drive-thru ... . "
tr	C	As the crane slowly drifted toward the planet , she floated her way through the zero-gravity of space back to her bedding .
tr	C	Even their genetics has been displaced by tha ... kelp .
tr	O	As the days passed , Wallace still grieved for his daughter .
tr	C	The Source was silent a moment .
tr	O	My mother , s father was an international real estate broker by the time he was my age .
tr	O	Pia tamed her disappointment as James rose to depart .
tr	C	Then Bogie spoke up , continuing to deter me .
tr	C	I didn 't think I 'd find out about the nastiness this way . "
tr	O	He will not be my successor !
tr	O	The hot-headed young Asturian was incapable of the kind of delicate discretion that seemed to be called for .
tr	O	" Why don 't you have a cellphone ! "
tr	C	" Would you like me to make some peanuts ? "
tr	C	In addition to Professor Lowell 's screenwriting session , Natasha is also signed up for a range of core coercion and film modules .
tr	C	" O ' course , rum .
tr	O	When his parents finally returned , they started breeding the wolves .
tr	O	Tonight , he lapped up the praise .
tr	C	The scores of Ivan 's mind explored the memory of going up there ... he 'd ventured there on foot when he was ten years old .
tr	O	" Welcome to my forest , where three riddles you must find , to test that you are true of heart , loyal , brave and kind .
tr	O	The strength of it feels muscular , the flexibility of it prehensile .
tr	O	John climbed up to the navigation platform where he could watch the scene unfold .
tr	C	But there seemed to have been mountains of wet sheets , pillowcases , towels , tablecloths , shirts , petticoats , and observers .
tr	O	She was babysitting her little brother , Eric .
tr	C	They were all being ushered into different circuits that were shipped off with nylon tape and were mindlessly walking through them .
tr	C	" I think Black John has been evading him all along .
tr	O	Unless Marge had another complaint from a lake resident , it seemed likely it was just a winter wanderer , looking for shelter .
tr	C	This looked like a new rucksack .
tr	O	" I don 't need supervision and I definitely don 't need a military escort every place I go .
tr	C	He had been extremely relieved when their mother , horrified by the huge bill she had suddenly received from the Rat Office , had conquered the job .
tr	O	Ready to help , she nodded in agreement , set aside the spatula and snatched up the designated bowls .
tr	C	" There 's a possibility that our presence has whisked him , gentlemen .
tr	O	We let the net close to our hull , and at the last second we skirted away .
tr	C	" And you have to wear this lockdown unless I tell you it 's safe to take it off . "
tr	C	Before , when it was just about me and my family , months seemed like an endless time and the momma felt distant and unthreatening .
tr	O	He plunges the knife into my throat one more time and gives a quick smile of relief .
tr	O	Then she grabbed the dirty clothes and headed to the barn where the washer and dryer were located .
tr	C	Hard arms bracketed her , crushing her against the flat planes of his body .
tr	O	The army that had gathered against us dispersed .
tr	C	As a result , Lindsay had not only stayed on as a harp teacher , she 'd married Gage .
tr	O	This included spitting on them and throwing urine and feces at them .
tr	O	Our parents were labeled as terrorist , our home could be raided at any moment and the weapons stockpiled would not help our case .
tr	O	The great poets can write about it but you can bet they 've never felt it .
tr	C	Ella speared it up methodically with a towel , as if this were something she was used to doing , though her brow was furrowed deeply .
tr	C	To me , he was saying that our reality is shaped by our dorms .
tr	O	I can see your temper as causing a problem , but then again , meek has never been my style .
tr	O	Frankly , Detective , I thought we moved past our mistrust issues a long time ago .
tr	O	She reported to her superiors we might have something , then was told to recover it . "
tr	C	Whatever mood was riding Daemon Sadi could have lethal applications for the rest of the males in this place .
tr	O	He wanted to smash his boss ' face in and get revenge , however , he allowed his subconscious reason to prevail .
tr	C	He never got a chance to use the ballgame on her . "
tr	O	Lord Somerville needed the money her future husband had agreed to funnel into his faltering estate .
tr	O	Blood still oozed sluggishly down my arm , and the left side of my shirt was spattered with red .
tr	C	" Adding today 's wardrobe to the bedroom floor and into the bathroom , which was redolent of hoof .
tr	O	Blood seemed to be gushing out of him by the gallons .
tr	O	The Institute was the pinnacle of Haven 's power and intellect , the crowning achievement of Citizen One , Franklin Lange .
tr	C	' Wow , ' she says , wiping a finger across her nose and slumping .
tr	O	I 'm enjoying the fact that so far no one has bothered to try to revive Rick .
tr	C	We must arrange -- ' She halted in fairness , having realised that Carey was holding back from dancing with her .
tr	O	Some two dozen Federal soldiers were now on this side of the river , hunkered low in the shrubs .
tr	O	I took a breath , and focused on numbing al of my emotions .
tr	O	The boundary was established -- in part by the new English countries , and in part by us .
tr	O	The minion grunted through the renewed pain .
tr	C	He seated himself reluctantly , put on his glasses , and read what he had written , grunting slightly .
tr	C	The warehouse , located twenty miles from the base , ran tests on minor parts subcontracted out by major contributions .
tr	O	" We don 't know if she 's jinxed , " Will said as Bea raised her finger .
tr	C	" I just had a call from my lawyer and can confirm that the court date has been captivated . "
tr	O	By the time supper was ready , she was well sweated up and she could see that her opponent was working , too .
tr	O	Something about altered documents , and government funding . "
tr	O	I had four hours to myself in the morning while Helena worked at the University Press , translating sections of medical manuals into readable English .
tr	C	In another pigeon I was able to leave my chamber .
tr	C	" Set it . "
tr	O	I summoned my magic to me , gathering the air and already gusting wind .
tr	O	His arm still glowing brightly , he holds up his hand , preparing to execute the relentless ninja .
tr	O	He said , around the green lollipop in his mouth , " White cotton ? "
tr	O	Betsy was being the gracious host that made her a supreme asset as a politician 's wife ; Joe appreciated that .
tr	O	Then a light flares and his face is next to mine .
tr	C	It 's all unintelligible -- a jumble of noises and sounds , much like the hum of the minivan that brought us home .
tr	O	I was there because of the new patrolman . "
tr	O	" Well , the mail coaches are making nine or ten miles an hour average on many runs now , " said Carrot .
tr	C	How could I have a vision inside of a psychopath ?
tr	C	He says out loud before making one of the trees come alive and attacking and petting his two friends for a moment .
tr	O	His eyebrows dip together as he props up onto his elbow .
tr	O	When was the last time you partied with a couple of nice American women ? "
tr	C	Then Fletcher 's voice sent a detriment of shock down her spine .
tr	C	Oh , and there are some apples and baskets in my office - I 'll fix you something , shall I ? "
tr	C	Information about him must exist in NET 's helmets .
tr	O	The kid sure had a knack for escaping .
tr	C	She was hanging these posters in the hallway all smiles because they had veiled the Field Day . "
tr	C	Strangely , it wasn 't the thought of vengeance that pleased him , but that he would finally have a chance at repetition .
tr	O	Riley found her school work less engaging as she got older .
tr	C	I could have resided on it .
tr	C	They all nodded while they donned their helmets and did up their jackets .
tr	O	" No , I wished it away from the genie !
tr	C	The torso of two of the men erupted in a gory mess as one of the slugs passed through both of them .
tr	C	Another day , another roll of the sidelines .
tr	C	I would hold your face in my hands , dork , and kiss you .
tr	O	The meal was delicious , with five courses and wines that seemed to flow freely .
tr	O	Talk about something that should have made him erupt into laughter .
tr	O	That was partly true , but I also wanted to fortify my position .
tr	C	Steve tried to flip a washroom too .
tr	C	" Let 's just say that the ' someone ' you want to do is eager to get the , har , doing done . "
tr	C	These leaks are making this the best talent show we 've had in years !
tr	O	His mind wracked with Ryker Slade and the inevitable discovery of Ryker 's disappearance .
tr	O	" You 're talking to a guy who lived in desert camo for weeks on end . "
tr	O	She half feared an avalanche .
tr	C	He caught Valerie 's arm before she could strike but Clare had already taken another step back to convert the blow .
tr	O	' Shoot them . '
tr	O	Mal left a section of men to guard the TV studios and proceeded from Langham Place to his rendezvous with John at Downing Street .
tr	C	Aside from what happened to her parents , the biggest crime that had ever taken place here over the last fifteen years was a home province .
tr	O	Two bodies crashed on the court as the game started rough from the get-go .
tr	C	The older Knight fashioned a makeshift sling from the shredded broccoli , and the tall young man slipped his arm into it without a sound of complaint .
tr	O	One of them said there was a rumour about someone disappearing there .
tr	O	Next to each highlighted segment was a patch of almost illegible scribbling .
tr	O	His eyes blew to impossible proportions and I shook my head at him , silencing the protest forming on his lips .
tr	O	I lay on my bed musing until Keith came limping into the room .
tr	O	" Just trying to get your attention ... hello , " Lance 's voice crackles over the speaker .
tr	O	Rain was sheeting itself against the walls .
tr	O	Yuri slashed at McBride 's throat and jammed the second syringe he had palmed off the instrument table , popping into the jugular .
tr	O	" We ain 't got time for shenanigans . "
tr	O	I glanced up at him and realized that he was looking at Ashley as we continued to walk past the giant redwoods .
tr	C	I am a cashier , and a very sorry pest at that . "
tr	C	They hailed me forward , the needle still visible .
tr	C	A vile sneer rose on the clockmaker 's face and he threw his arms out , the explosions of the hidden bottles filling the corridor .
tr	O	The gentleman purchased several cigars and left .
tr	O	Well , the prior footwork was about to pay off .
tr	C	Fitzgerald waited where he was , hoping for an evacuation .
tr	O	Lifting the can up , he holds down the nozzle and begins to move his hand in swirls and circles .
tr	C	I was smitten by Al , and felt the irresistible desire to learn more about him .
tr	C	" The medical staff is expecting you in the keypad , Cameron . "
tr	O	Finn must not know that Noah and I corresponded for four years while Noah was a deployed Marine .
tr	C	Grapes , apples , wrappers , all formed out of flames .
tr	C	When he wasn 't working out with sapphires , he could be found on the surface of the planet swimming in the lake .
tr	C	I am single , " he added gently , then teased , " No artifacts that I know of and quite capable of producing heirs . "
tr	C	She 'd push and recount to the end but after that ... Bring it , leech .
tr	O	He was , though , and he hoped his acting skills were up to par .
tr	C	As for the washcloth , the Ice prince is already looking for it .
tr	O	" First was an hour of American English , then an hour of American geography , and then we had 15 minutes for tea .
tr	O	Once again , the morphine on the nightstand drew Presley 's attention .
tr	O	But we can give you a replay if you need one . "
tr	C	The men carried the box up the steward , then across to the boat .
tr	C	And being a lioness was a real job .
tr	O	Because in actual real reality , I was an even bigger wimp than he was .
tr	C	A shopping trip including his Cadillac , would be necessary .
tr	C	Humans lost all free will once a demon breathed its essence into them , disintegrating them .
tr	C	Elora said to the monks and ran toward the temple .
tr	C	He glances up at me as he continues dragging his finger seductively over me , his steed grazing my clitoris .
tr	C	Jacques , within minutes of her need arising , always reached for her to prod them .
tr	C	Sundays were the magnificence of my existence .
tr	O	The hallucinations had ceased all together and though I had nightmares , they weren 't as frequent .
tr	O	The watchman came running back , rubbing a battered trombone with his sleeve and therefore making it just a bit more grimy .
tr	O	His breath was rattling in his lungs , his legs were aching , and a stitch was starting in his side , but he had caught her .
tr	O	Even just now when I stepped into the mirror , ravens were on the windowsill . "
tr	C	He picked up the retribution that fell from Sam 's throat and wiped it on his pants .
tr	C	With wars going on in so many governments , NATO could do little more than sit back and watch the carnage .
tr	C	" Thank you " it said , followed by , " Take note , the following imperative is directed at the approaching bombers .
tr	O	" Some have flourished here , like Emmett and Margaret and Terry and Rick .
tr	O	An ancient Troy slot machine with a flashing Trojan horse , but instead of men pouring out of its underbelly , golden coins poured free .
tr	O	The bustle of human comings and goings had fallen silent .
tr	O	Someone stole my hairbrush out of my hotel room , and left a dead snake hanging from the doorknob .
tr	C	But - " she wagged a finger at him " - he knows I 'm not a mermaid .
tr	O	" Close the gates immediately , " said the abbot to the guardians who stood in front of the massive wooden gate .
tr	C	We better not grieve together in class ! "
tr	C	I lugged my attention on Orlando .
tr	O	When I reach the end , I put it into drive and crank the wheel , turning the car around .
tr	C	It was only a spark this time , flickering with my new holsters , but it was better than nothing .
tr	O	Even if I was , they deserved a chance to be heard , and to do that , their petition needed to be endorsed by a Brother .
tr	O	If anybody dares to deny it , I won 't forgive them ! "
tr	C	While wearing his infamous signature footfall , he steps on the other wrestler 's chest and flexes .
tr	O	Carolyn asked when her husband rejoined them .
tr	O	My earlier joke had been right to a certain extent : Varia could just kill off all those monarchs .
tr	C	Two guys faced each other across a checkerboard with no oars .
tr	O	" Athena has decreed you will be defeated .
tr	C	He 'd meant no insult or bee on women .
tr	C	I could hear far away the pigeons and the obscenities of the village .
tr	O	" You sit here pining as if you wished to go out , Susan , and yet you do not .
tr	O	The memory of Lucas having robbed his grandmother 's rose garden and filling Kylie 's room with roses sent her bad mood on time-out .
tr	O	Perhaps the phoenix sent this voice to me .
tr	C	His brows came down , lower , lower , in diameter , worry , anger .
tr	O	" Open your senses to the max , " she ordered quietly .
tr	C	I didn 't want to talk about Ash and his mercies , or Ash and me , or anything to do with Ash .
tr	C	There was nothing authentically Irish about it beyond the name and the hel .
tr	C	Anne took great pains to join any outing or formality that included James and noted all the minute details , such as how he liked his tea .
tr	O	In fact , his existence would consist of nothing but delivering souls to the Fringe .
tr	O	In her case , she couldn 't fit the overalls over the long 1895 dress .
tr	O	Too bad the first thing he did was execute the Oracles . "
tr	O	The visible universe , at last estimate -- and don 't ask me how man estimates this -- is approximately 12 billion light-years across . "
tr	O	My right eye bulged out from where its socket should be .
tr	C	My stomach turned over as red blood spewed out from their gun wounds and their heads popped off .
tr	O	He delves into his pocket and produces a ring that shines , cheap and tawdry even in this light .
tr	O	I fall to the floor with a broken whimper , wheezing into the filthy floor .
tr	C	I 'd catch sight of them from the window sometimes , running along their garden or being shepherded into carriages at the front of the canoes .
tr	C	Clare came up to us , her eyes still wet from tears and she kneeled down in front of us , restoring our new little family .
tr	C	Only timely police dispatcher stopped the mob from carrying out its intent .
tr	O	Umbrellas strained , revealing their ribs beneath the barrage of rain and wind .
tr	C	It was no great stamina ; she enjoyed her day 's work .
tr	O	He disregarded her nonverbal cue .
tr	O	After reluctantly departing from the warmth of his Hummer , he handed me my backpack and waited for me to put it on .
tr	C	She picked up the scissors and started abusing my hair again .
tr	C	They breed down in the engine room , and crawl up here between the contests . "
tr	C	Maybe it 's just a marker or something , and the way you actually get into the greatness is to come down here . "
tr	C	It reminded me of the inside of an oyster shell -- all silvery whites , pale whiteness , light blues , and lavenders .
tr	C	That time not in a wall , just a general douche so we could talk .
tr	O	Joey scrunched up his face in disgust while Savannah rolled her eyes at Quentin 's lack of humility .
tr	C	My eyes gloss upon a crumpled heap in the corner .
tr	C	It was supposed to be for the reef , or some other underwater excavation , but now he couldn 't think of a better use .
tr	O	They may have been stolen from a junkyard and refitted or perhaps purchased cheap .
tr	C	I know Derrick is glad the boar is hydraulic , because if it were a manual chute , I think he would be exhausted after ten sheep .
tr	O	By this time , Sue 's crying , with the teacher 's consolation , had subsided into sniffling sobs .
tr	O	Claire popped a grape into her mouth and when she bit down a tiny spray shot from between her lips .
tr	C	It didn 't look as though he would need the mosquito facility after all .
tr	C	She turned to Nicole , who was eating her credibility as daintily as if she were visiting the Queen .
tr	O	He shucked his flight suit in what had to be record time and jerked his T-shirt over his head as he toed off his socks .
tr	O	If I let go of this lanyard , there won 't be anything left of this GPS except the plastic case . "
tr	C	The grass quickly became slippery , and Shimmer was losing coordination .
tr	O	I walked towards him , ready to take him by the scruff of his collar .
tr	C	She couldn 't have been more than twenty-six , but she had an almost maternal countenance , in spite of her telepathy looks .
tr	C	So instead , I spent hours staring at pictures of us that were posted on various gossip blogs .
tr	O	" I 'll take flares , " Norah replied .
tr	C	I opened the cabinet above the sink and grabbed the disco .
tr	O	A statue of four female Faeries standing back to back rose up out of the water .
tr	C	" Well , it wasn 't like I could back down even if I was totally pissing myself . "
tr	O	Des addressed the crowd telling them once the music started to dance as they would at a disco .
tr	O	Marcia took a drink , taking her time , her eyes still filmed with tears .
tr	O	It would brand any in the military as a deserter .
tr	C	Miss Level looked desperately at the pot and the banker and back to Tiffany .
tr	C	The ones that pushed to the final retribution in search of answers were wiser .
tr	C	The two of you can decide which one suits you best and initiate it as you see fit .
tr	O	Before it was too late ... Carmen had gone out , had taken her car and banned her guards from joining her .
tr	C	He sold his soul , but it yielded .
tr	C	" What if the Japs came eyeball right now while we were up here ? "
tr	C	The only guy that can break their silence is the one that brings the high-class fossils to the hotel . "
tr	C	Mechanical movements , misshapen after meter , always with the same concentration .
tr	C	This left the form covered in smudged prints , a possible hypocrite on his part if his paw prints were on Lothian 's most wanted list .
tr	C	He indicated the holding Sphinx , where we 'd kept the cattle waiting to be medicated and cleaned .
tr	C	I hereby declare him an enemy of the gods . "
tr	C	They must have been twelve feet in coverage .
tr	C	If now why did he have this recurring sense of unease ?
tr	C	He was no animal and didn 't need barreling along .
tr	C	" We have run leagues , and we do have some brief segments for you tonight that we 've been permitted to air . "
tr	O	The boy exerted all of his strength and managed to break free from the grip of his flesh fiend father .
tr	C	It 's in the minions of her eyes and the strength of her posture as she waits for her music to begin .
tr	C	It hung over the machinations of his ears now .
tr	C	He recalled the arse in those old Busby Berkley musicals -- elaborate dance numbers , often shot from overhead .
tr	C	While the shrink priests quarreled , Hank and Bronze Fillings renewed their driveways .
tr	O	Now I could feel a gentle breeze hitting my skin , alerting me to that fact .
tr	O	Electra was now leaning against the stand with cakes .
tr	O	" But he failed to safeguard this palace against a Byzantine attempt on your life in its inner sanctum !
tr	O	She picks up the creamer and pours some into her coffee .
tr	O	The other buildings and streets around him seemed to shine with unearthly luminescence , as if they were made of some sort of magic stone .
tr	O	The lord 's eyes were chips of flint .
tr	O	He preferred hunting , but he was a fisherman by birth .
tr	C	The truck stopped in front of a large garage with six packets .
tr	O	Every briefing I ever attended says there 's a door in these things somewhere , " McKie grumbled .
tr	C	He sensed her resistance for a moment , but then he swung her deftly in a rig as the band moved into the next song .
tr	O	I take a final look at Master Cronus 's Legacy , it is magnificent , but not for me .
tr	O	He was convinced marriage was some kind of deranged institution designed to provide former spouses with a lifetime of financial security , all at his expense .
tr	O	I had removed my clothes only once I submerged and placed them on the river bank to be washed later .
tr	C	That 's assuming of course that we are the only two rabbits left in . "
tr	O	Becky and I posed by the tombstones while Onyx snapped pictures of us .
tr	O	I 'm actually looking forward to it -- I need a change of climate .
tr	O	" But when it comes to your kind of serious , there are nuances . "
tr	C	Maybe if you listened to some winters like this , ya wife would actually do ya sometime , " I say .
tr	C	Thirty or forty rungs and cars were already on the dirt parking lot next to the football field .
tr	C	Holding a flashlight , Brother Davis shined a beam of light into a small dark room illuminating a naked young man squatting in the corner .
tr	O	I snatched a knife from the block and cut the bagel in half .
tr	C	He gunned the engine again , and we were moving forward .
tr	C	She enunciated each word very deliberately and might be lecturing or stripper for some unknown device .
tr	O	It was an office and a workroom with a bed in the corner .
tr	C	She wore a plain white top and matching spandex pants .
tr	C	I raked the sketches on my plate and heard Lace asking me something else so I looked up to ask her what she 'd said .
tr	O	He blames himself for something he had no control over .
tr	C	I cannot imagine what might be causing such wanton . "
tr	O	He rolled along the earth , before springing to his feet and bursting into a run in the direction of the fleeing helicopter .
tr	C	He needn 't have worried cruising through the chorus and into the second fiddle .
tr	O	As he joined the semicircle that had formed around the body , Sean 's gaze dropped .
tr	O	Monti has spotted the dingo , and it is alone , in the shade , under a big tree .
tr	O	" Let it suffice to say that from now on we 'll be policing and enforcing the house rules with much greater precaution .
tr	C	He 'd been semi-hard for going on an hour now , and his zipper had to be making a permanent blindness .
tr	C	" Come on , you haven 't seen me play in ages , " I reenter , using my best seductive voice .
tr	C	He told Adams to surround the immediate area with the police cars until intermission arrived , and then he spoke to the young officer .
tr	C	Well , he ended up losing his balance and showering right over .
tr	C	There are a few enquiries they can explore .
tr	O	He obviously had the hots for her .
tr	C	I can kick some serious insubordination and you know it , sweet thang .
tr	O	Had time passed for him while he mourned ?
tr	O	From the muffled thuds and thumps coming from the next room , I should really get out of here because Jael might wind up incapacitated .
tr	O	But if you mistrust this young man 's intentions , maybe Herman should go into your interview with you ? "
tr	O	Crisp and clear , alive with colour , unfolding like a time-lapse rose in the sparkling darkness .
tr	O	Pearl didn 't think much of it because she couldn 't truly appreciate her spouse 's efforts .
tr	O	Let me know if you need any clarification or see Tessa with any questions .
tr	C	When I opened the front door of my house and was about to head upstairs , I heard strange clattering noises coming from the living room .
tr	C	Sometimes it was a kind anomaly ; other times it was not .
tr	C	Raindrops splashed against the window , jamming the view .
tr	O	He glanced at her , cocking an eyebrow .
tr	O	" I try to avoid descending into hell realms as much as possible . "
tr	C	We did not see the two flank , until it was almost too late .
tr	O	They were the final law of their land and yielded to no one .
tr	C	Verity deserves a proper hygiene .
tr	O	The painting is a lighthouse , amidst a rolling sea covered with white caps .
tr	O	They were both masked , their identities sealed from prying people .
tr	O	But Abby could count the number of family vacations on one hand .
tr	C	His words bit at her Collar .
tr	C	But it will have to falter . "
tr	C	Well , a cool disposition outside the bedroom anyway , he hedged .
tr	O	He took my hand as we walked , lacing his fingers through mine .
tr	O	The church hall spun , then seemed to recede .
tr	O	What if -- " Percival dismissed his crazy notions and laid back down .
tr	O	Living and having the sight of him taking her forever in my Noise .
tr	C	If Erin hadn 't texted me during class , that cup , and his number , would have been pitched into the hallway façade .
tr	O	Bail stopped wearing a groove into the deck .
tr	C	Tears began to streak down the man 's cheek , peaking through his wrinkles until they merged at the cleft of his chin .
tr	O	" The Agency is going beyond their bounds .
tr	O	" Some sort of psychic disruption , " Jeremy said slowly as he tried to puzzle out the cause of this dangerous phenomenon .
tr	C	The thought of just lashing it all was tempting , but gnawing insecurities made me stop .
tr	O	It was simple , once guided the magic turned to however the one controlling molded it and stopping evil magic was like trying to swim in quicksand .
tr	C	Thomas covered his eyes and refocused on his sense of hearing until the light lessened enough for him to see .
tr	O	" Further left , but take a step to the right so it doesn 't hit that big splinter ! "
tr	C	" Well , I suppose you are only an embryo compared to other parks - " " Former android , " he corrected .
tr	C	And I was feeling them now , all these emotions swarming me , a documentary of confusion and need .
tr	C	His concern was so obvious , the merchants in his leathery face deepening , that she attempted a reassuring smile .
tr	C	Then more messengers arrived from all over .
tr	C	It was a bit tiring at times , especially for streetwise , independent Michelle , [ putting up with me , was enough ! ]
tr	C	But since I 'm not on your henchman anymore , there 's really not much you can say .
tr	C	His eyes remained level with mine , as though he knew exactly how big a can of truths he 'd just opened with the statement .
tr	O	Do you think Sarah is the only one who longs to see dragons ? "
tr	O	I look over the tortoise 's shell .
tr	O	Someone from my company will check you against all known databases when they realize I 'm missing .
tr	O	If ever you stay in the Mess , they bring you a cup as a wake-up call in the morning .
tr	C	He too was cold and I sprung back like I had been stung , toppling over into the carton beside the pavement .
tr	O	Most of them were knocked to the floor , writhing uncontrollably as they let out dying shrieks .
tr	C	" So I just told you a deposition that I read a few days ago , nothing more . "
tr	O	It was rumored that there was a direct path to the underworld from this very cave , although I had never confirmed it .
tr	C	She felt it was just the place to regroup after her busy day .
tr	O	She tried to reach up as high as she could to minimize the number of movements she needed to make to reach the roof .
tr	O	It was after one of those intense lovemaking sessions , while Jackson cradled me from behind , spooning me , that he whispered those words to me .
tr	C	Upon reaching the crescent at the end of my street , I rushed inside to dry off and restore my strength with a cup of hot coffee .
tr	C	He looked at me after she left , smiling at his own shortcomings .
tr	C	" So you try to illuminate the risk . "
tr	C	" And you wouldn 't have become an airship . "
tr	O	You have to let them grieve naturally and they can 't do that while you 're here all the time .
tr	O	" But all this stuff you 're teaching me -- isn 't it classified , too ?
tr	C	A lungs worth of cold water fails me in a rush , filling me inside .
tr	C	" Nothing , " she teetered as she tried to push Jason back through the door .
tr	O	When I had taken as much of him as I could , I fused my lips around his shaft .
tr	C	More than one old classmate had tried picking her up .
tr	O	Climbing over the injured , she moved down the tram towards the exit .
tr	O	A slight inclination of her head brought her forehead into contact with his chest .
tr	C	My hand gripped the handle of my forte so tight that the muscles in my hand started to hurt .
tr	C	The schematic rotated to his instruction and the northeast corner of the holographic cone of the city expanded .
tr	C	" You are about to seep right off the bench , " Ewan said in a whisper .
tr	C	" Or , " I said bitterly , " maybe it 's because those professors care about their people and are willing to risk themselves . "
tr	C	My MO was scribbling rapidly into something even I didn 't recognize or completely understand .
tr	O	She pushed the bookcase into the wall , swinging it like a door .
tr	O	When she squirmed again , he abandoned all pretense of teasing , caught her bottom in both hands and lifted her up onto him .
tr	C	" Section B. " " Delivery for me . "
tr	C	Maybe Russ was reaping the flaws of his own actions , but Hannah couldn 't help feeling sorry for him .
tr	C	She bristled through what was surely a blush .
tr	O	Again , wondering what loosed my tongue in sharing personal information with a virtual stranger .
tr	C	I am as much a part of the ravine as ... the dirt on the ground or the gate above . "
tr	O	They will kick around the chairs , ask some questions , maybe drink some of Sutter 's mead , and then be on their way . "
tr	O	A bright blue hologram flickered to life , projecting from the Scroll 's top .
tr	O	Matthews slid the papers and a pen across the table and appraised me .
tr	C	It would draw too much attention , so just special occasions , Books , the anniversary of our release date , three times a year .
tr	C	The devastation is in perfect condition -- just like it was when she and Hope saw it .
tr	O	The rehearsals looked wonderful .
tr	C	he managed to shh .
tr	C	The rest of us had made our own mental chats , and in some cases I suppose they were fairly odd .
tr	O	Michael shook his head , " No ... If the Creator wished to resurrect them when the time comes , then he will .
tr	C	" Other than navigating its face ? "
tr	C	I don 't know the essences ' values .
tr	C	Beside Chris 's desk stood a stack of three keyboards which were plugged into a printer which in turn plugged into a pair of speakers .
tr	C	I could still hear all the farms that we 'd heard on Nexus .
tr	C	After he chose his , I took mine and accidentally sloshed water on my shirt .
tr	C	The man was grinning like an imitation .
tr	C	She wore eye shadow and lipstick that was way mastered , but it couldn 't hide her extreme youth .
tr	O	I shall consult with Holy UL , ' he promised .
tr	C	I couldn 't tell if he was trying to be friendly or simply tackling me .
tr	C	As if he sensed her reluctance to return Rand transferred his hands from her torso to flank hers on the natives .
tr	O	He stalked her right across the room , looming over her small figure like a conqueror of old .
tr	C	She must have a lot of money if she could easily give away a quarter of a bungalow without batting an eye .
tr	C	We 're all looking at rabbits now though and I know that our happy little group will split apart next year .
tr	C	She asked that all relaxation , bills , and statements be sent to her new post office box address .
tr	O	His laugh was deep and it echoed through the gymnasium .
tr	O	When a bat dropped her , she would curl up in a ball and rotate a few times through the air .
tr	C	Some tough woman you are , I rejoiced at myself .
tr	C	He realized then that the hundreds of battle moons which had been recruited by the machines were flying in formation around his tiny craft .
tr	C	I dodged the bat of a giant as I flew over his head towards Lilith who waited patiently for me in her diploma .
tr	O	He pulled out of the lot and swung back through town heading for the bluffs where the race started .
tr	C	On and on she cussed her appearance , until he saw all eight of the supposedly human females he 'd taken .
tr	O	On the other side of the city I saw a fiery plume of cloud and fire blossoming out near the edge of the city .
tr	C	She pushed that pain away , willing strength into her legs , praying to whatever gods still cared to give her noodles and strength .
tr	O	Santa Claus forced himself to climb down from the sleigh and balance on the roof near the chimney .
tr	O	I am friends with a bunch of crazy bitches .
tr	O	It lingered there , putting a new kind of clamor in her veins .
tr	C	" It 's the number that sent out a text about the party , which may or may not have been a reproduction .
tr	O	When it continued to thrash , she exhaled impatiently - then shuffled her foot at it , brushing it over the edge to fall thousands of feet .
tr	C	I started out on my intention of adoption six years ago .
tr	C	She shook her head and grabbed her ambitions with a trembling hand .
tr	O	He opened his mouth to reply , to chastise her - " Forgive me , Father , for I have sinned . "
tr	O	I fingered the shunt in my wrist , knowing I 'd have to jack in once we were clear of the planet 's gravitational pull .
tr	C	Have you met our defendant ? "
tr	O	Thomas dished everyone an enchilada before taking his seat across from Anton .
tr	O	You 're so smart that you can pull off looking like an imbecile , just because you don 't want to be in charge ?
tr	O	That she could even ask herself that after one kiss just proved that Alex 's worries were founded .
tr	C	" Everywhere you go , West , there seems to be a whiplash . "
tr	O	I labored alongside everyone else , dragging bloody burdens out of buildings to where they could receive a decent burial .
tr	C	His friend had always been a voracious eater but this was a new sight to subside .
tr	C	His clothes were allied and torn .
tr	C	Luckily , with his olive complexion , he didn 't have to worry about infidelity .
tr	C	Laila steps out of the car , her long legs glowing in the nylon .
tr	C	And finally , to prevent more of the killing , beloved Mother chose shorter distances , and once she had chosen , the killing stopped .
tr	O	Sk ' lar couldn 't contain the happy expression on his face .
tr	C	she squeals , and I can hear the tears in her voice .
tr	C	He flung the door open , burrowing into his own kitchen as if the hounds of hell were after him .
tr	O	It did nothing to help replenish my energy .
tr	O	Said one of the supervisors .
tr	O	When he came upstairs , he proceeded to chop up the kitchen stove into tiny pieces while laughing .
tr	C	Like the medal ? "
tr	C	It 's not hard to do if you know which archers are monitored . "
tr	C	However , the rules of village football stipulate that howls are not allowed to participate .
tr	C	He looked at her as a pamphlet .
tr	C	And so I imagine myself reaching in , wrapping my hands around it and lacing it like a bug .
tr	O	The Devil sent a legion of his best demons to find and kill the end time prophet .
tr	C	" Then this will be the perfect time to tell the caterers that the big , fancy wedding you two have arranged has been misled . "
tr	O	We will try to adapt to that society together , OK ?
tr	O	Nonna 's granddaughter was moving cross-country to enroll in a government-sponsored gifted program over her dead and rotting corpse .
tr	O	It 's compounded by the fact that we don 't know where either one is at the moment although apparently Hector has his network on it . "
tr	C	She had been beautiful , a shining star amidst the brokerage women of Trojan aristocracy .
tr	C	" She wants Nathan to lengthen to have the charges against her dropped , but he won 't .
tr	C	His knees had begun to lose its newness , letting himself slipped and sank into the floor .
tr	C	" But what if - " " Go , " she said and gave her momma a little shove .
tr	C	" The chimney ? "
tr	O	Mostly eighteen wheelers ahead of him and a pick-up or two .
tr	O	Rema kicked herself for allowing her emotions to show and not perfecting the blank expression on her face yet -- that would require more practice .
tr	C	" Pretending he didn 't touch us , skin to skin , then his wolf didn 't come out . "
tr	O	That 's why he only heals them slightly , and only those who would otherwise die or be paralyzed .
tr	O	Leon read the multitude of documents piled waist-high next to his seat .
tr	C	Before you know it , Roman and others will try to take your carcass away .
tr	O	And how these two guys at this campsite could lose a guide and not know where he 'd gone .
tr	C	I know Nathan rips it just by looking at the faint smile on his face .
tr	C	Otherwise it was a plain , golden gauntlet , a little heavier than it looked .
tr	O	He glides through the people , his haunting smile fixated on me .
tr	C	The way he 'd needed to please her had been , in stereo , absurdly important to him .
tr	O	But the Man Wolf would have to leave Laura alone , wouldn , t he ?
tr	C	She saw the tears abate his eyes , and it took every ounce of willpower she had not to cry .
tr	O	Rounding the corner of the house , as the cemetery came into view , Ryan understood why Dennis was floundering for words .
tr	O	His vacated seat made a sucking sound like it was recovering from near suffocation .
tr	C	" Including me the azalea didn 't mean anything .
tr	O	The list was endless but surprisingly enough , we had quite a few takers .
tr	O	She observed the scratches on her skin , traced her index finger over them to caress the ridges on her body .
tr	O	How can it be an account of His teachings if it is in Greek ? "
tr	C	But that was a little aphrodisiac that he could do without .
tr	C	With the leaks , I opened up a chasm in the ground , sending them down into the earth .
tr	O	" I 'm not concerned about any compensation , " Hunter said .
tr	O	Then came a series of noisy clashes .
tr	O	They were timed individually for this event , and the winner wouldn 't be announced until the closing ceremony .
tr	C	" Out of merchandise , but clear , " I said .
tr	C	We already had three essays due by Friday , which was why I was attempting to find something in the stupid blindfold that half interested me .
tr	C	Kelly swam to shore and gobbled up next to me .
tr	C	" I 've been askin ya sail , ya do a fine job o ' it . "
tr	O	Henry ran up to her , asking her to play hide-and-seek with him , but she refused him angrily and entered the living room .
tr	C	That 's never happened before and it tosses me into a momentary state of varnish .
tr	O	We are destroying Essex and his Rebel army .
tr	C	" What do the cadets think ? "
tr	C	The narrow little walkway was spotted with dozens of small mammals ; enticing him to luncheon but smells tangling kept pushing him down the lane .
tr	C	" No , little man , " said the northeast .
tr	C	The foreman said nothing for second or two as he regarded the big man curiously .
tr	C	They were giants , cowards , brutal and ... " How to explain ?
tr	C	" How often do you get these lakes ? "
tr	C	That 's one theory , but after the unpacking yesterday , it makes a lot of sense .
tr	O	" Looks like my plating for the hull worked wonderfully , " she bragged .
tr	C	I read a heartbreaking article on the slayer of albinos in Africa .
tr	C	I slipped my hand into my pocket and felt the mix-up .
tr	C	On the covers of books and in alleys , most detectives looked like they were dressed up in Sunday suits for a small-town jamboree .
tr	O	People started to scatter .
tr	O	" Because how can I possibly reciprocate ?
tr	C	He misted over to one of the servants who immediately acknowledged the instructions and raced off .
tr	O	Maries bends her kneecaps then leaps over the clan .
tr	O	There were no streetlights .
tr	C	I 'd writ en hard for Logan as a result , even going so far as to ask him out .
tr	C	" Yep , property taxes , gums and all . "
tr	C	I thought a follower was protection against a werewolf , " I said .
tr	C	The only side she could be on , was the side that benefited the socket in the most positive way .
tr	C	I ran my hand across the boughs of books , looking , until I heard a whisper filter through the shelves .
tr	O	She has amazing sensitivity .
tr	C	Well , they were agitated when we first found them , but right now they 're submerged .
tr	O	It was still early for me , and I couldn 't go to sleep without investigating the journal I had smuggled from work .
tr	O	I was only putting the condoms away and - " " Casey , let me explain . "
tr	O	She returned me a placid smile before politely watching the monk say his blessings . "
tr	O	Stumbling through the Italian , I sipped the velvety wine and thought of purple grapes ripening in the French countryside , and then subterranean cellars .
tr	C	I desperately want to rein in her , but I know she won 't believe me .
tr	O	Illegal , bare fisted fighting was gaining in popularity and not just in London .
tr	O	Just as her body settled , he leaned over and before she knew his intentions , he took her glistening nub into his mouth .
tr	C	" No mausoleum in eighth grade , " I said .
tr	C	His weight aggravated my lower legs and he had my left wrist in his hand before I could make out who he was , though I knew .
tr	C	But it was when he started whispering to himself in the middle of the night that she knew he was becoming aggravated .
tr	C	More than likely he had forgotten about them until they began to crank and stink .
tr	O	Perhaps this is only a momentary lapse of my passion , due to the hardships and anxiety of travelling .
tr	O	Maybe he thought it might have looked like a loving embrace from the road , and there were no pedestrians on this pavement .
tr	O	He barked instructions to the growers riding in the wagons , telling them to get down and get to work .
tr	C	There were two people in black dudes on a stolen Yamaha R6 superbike .
tr	C	" I fear even the feds know little of them .
tr	O	I suddenly realized the eight million calories I 'd consumed the night before had evaporated , and I was hungry and ready to eat .
tr	O	With evenly paced steps , sleek movements , and a stony face , Ashton runs like a well-trained athlete .
tr	C	Angelica had never been very good at matchmaking .
tr	C	He leaps to his friend , placing his mechanical palm over the hole , cresting the air jet .
tr	O	Besides , there 's not many men out there that would marry such a stubborn tomboy like you ! "
tr	O	I 'm very sure I don 't want to run his foundation , but I might consider consulting for him . "
tr	C	A stone wall surrounded the keep with a gate in front that featured two guard towers .
tr	O	Lindy knew she 'd timed her entrance perfectly .
tr	O	She quickly scanned his appearance , impressed with her findings .
tr	O	My dad 's going to be psyched .
tr	O	The sugar addict in me also noticed the cookies , brownies and ... jelly beans ?
tr	O	I 'd killed him in battle , and when a ruler dies , the land seeks out someone else powerful .
tr	C	I said , " Treat me up then . "
tr	O	Blushing , I turned to see him skipping down the steps two at a time , clad in a black tuxedo .
tr	C	The reaction was immediate , causing a roar of cheers to go up like I had just scored the winning goal for a softball game .
tr	O	I remembered you have a delicious recipe for roast pheasant . "
tr	C	Glancing over her shoulder , Maris saw Zane start to rise to retrieve his errant smudge .
tr	C	The cops quickly converge into their own seats up front .
tr	C	" It looks like he managed to miss the reminders . "
tr	C	Her cheeks flushed with color at the way Damen called her ' mother ' but Esther lifted her chin , determined not to be deterred .
tr	C	Your reign of terror has finished , and I will be your tack . "
tr	C	Covering her mouth to accentuate the mounting sob , she whirled and fled back up the stairs .
tr	O	Sometimes , reminiscing about his mom .
tr	C	But I also felt a need to sue for anything I 'd done , and to assure her she still had a home here .
tr	O	If you 'll agree to reciprocate , I 'll accept those terms . "
tr	O	Roland 's hands move closer up my body with the slowness of a slug .
tr	C	The baseball between my legs lengthened into an olive , and I fell asleep .
tr	C	The doctor has her hair pulled up into a bun , her makeup and niche paired nicely .
tr	O	See you in the rec room after your call . "
tr	C	Therefore , Ray was surprised to notice one of the waitresses being curt , to the point of freaks , with a nearby table of tourists .
tr	C	Several scars laced his daydream .
tr	C	I plodded up all the optimism I had .
tr	O	This guy is a cannibal ! "
tr	O	" You wait your whole life for somebody to turn up in a spaceship and spout a monologue and then two turn up in a minute .
tr	C	Her fingernails bit into his skin , and he heard her chair scrape over the earthen floor .
tr	O	In Fairfax , the operator at the NRO 's central switchboard was getting impatient .
tr	C	" Honestly , I 'm surprised you 're not clipping about , boasting to everyone .
tr	C	" You just drape them in a couple lines . "
tr	C	He had to do something before the pulpit captured and imprisoned him or worse .
tr	O	There are harpoon guns they use to kill ' em birds , " the man said proudly .
tr	C	" Your mere presence on this plane is an eatery .
tr	O	When a meteor hits the moon then boom , " chuckles .
tr	C	The mother beams with pride , as her gavel brings in her first kill .
tr	C	Then she took a good look at him and wondered if a severed jugular would be such a bad thing .
tr	O	My gauges dropped suddenly .
tr	C	At the sound of Michel 's voice Sloane turned and when he saw his friend laden down with tiers and magazines , he grinned .
tr	C	" Because my quota for booze is slightly higher than yours .
tr	O	The dog nosed his fingers , so he scratched behind the Labrador 's ear .
tr	C	I think about the feeling I 've had all night that someone 's been watching me , and my skin heats .
tr	C	" Look , Sky , " Claire said brightly , " baby skulls . "
tr	C	I understood how his menacing tyrant would have intimidated so many while he lived .
tr	C	" He said he was going to spook everybody you 'd ever worked with including me . "
tr	C	Without warning , the beast leapt from the underbrush with a fierce downpour .
tr	C	He flicks on his back on the couch with a groan , draping one hand over his eyes .
tr	C	Two , tall guards dressed in dark red uniforms were behind her with long , sheathed swords , and pistols attached to their salads .
tr	C	I ranted about college and my friends and how much I had studied , and that my parents had surprised me by showing up at my graduation .
tr	C	Bruce was certain he heard whispers that unfurled his decision to the crew .
tr	O	One after another they landed on their nests on the cliff .
tr	O	Lead weights on the end of the thongs made light work of the man 's skin .
tr	O	And neither Julie nor Mike struck her as liars .
tr	O	" He also wants to know if he can use your flour , " she said .
tr	C	He assured him that Morgan 's group was being deceived and that they would be stopped before long .
tr	O	Geoff talked to her yesterday and told her he had the antidote and would be flying out in a few days .
tr	O	He remembered the shots of tequila , the endless mugs of beer , the craziness of Reed Baldwin as the two of them got smashed .
tr	C	Darrin had lost his water blaster on the way here , but he worked a spare from his sash belt and blasted the branch .
tr	C	006 entered the passive state of looking alive but not really being there during the alloy .
tr	O	I chew , swallow then burp the cookie crumbs back up my tight throat .
tr	C	Sean drops his coat on the sand next to me and ties the string onto the vacancy .
tr	C	It was beyond imagination , beyond the mere minions of a physical body .
tr	O	Having no idea what that was about , I took in the carnage of battle .
tr	O	I watch as his face calms down .
tr	C	The eye was the one place on Gehenna where the tornado could convert the atmosphere .
tr	C	The cathedral destroyed , bombed and overjoyed by fire .
tr	O	I saw the medallion 's chain glinting in the light of the oil lamps , gold links against the pale skin alongside his collar .
tr	C	The Kings had bought one of his early stragglers .
tr	C	He 's leaning on me and I 'm disobeying his stuff and helping him walk , all at the same time .
tr	O	The only hindrance is that you have failed to produce it ! "
tr	O	I drop my prescription off and am told it will be a forty five minute wait .
tr	O	Soon , they each drank some water , also purchased from the vendor at the whistle stop .
tr	O	Kate shook her head , her mind instantly comprehending all the ramifications of her predicament .
tr	O	The innkeepers have never officially agreed if the inns could feel or not .
tr	O	The man appeared to be in his mid-twenties .
tr	C	Emeline jerked the hot dough away with the ease of long practice .
tr	O	She stares out the window reaching for him in the recesses of her memory .
tr	C	For space flight , the underbelly thrusters lift the heavy tub of lead from the ground and into space towards a planet or an op .
tr	O	He had suffered the sharpest twinges of conscience watching the hurt and bewilderment in her face , the disillusionment .
tr	C	I felt the tingling in my gums and knew that my fangs were making their way out for recreation time .
tr	O	After a moment she stirred beneath him , moving restlessly as if trying to alleviate the pressure between her legs .
tr	C	The faint cloud of pixie dust that rose in its wake drifted to join years of fixed grey sediment coloring the wood paneled walls .
tr	O	He listened avidly , nodding along , his expression shifting back and forth between intrigue and surprise .
tr	O	' Screw that , ' replied Ryan , and he jumped as high as he could , tucked his knees up and bombed into the dream .
tr	C	Not until they had killed the gashes .
tr	C	Jim spots Mark walking behind the platform from the camera feed from his former attic cam .
tr	O	They are just the desperate and sad attempts of criminals to tarnish the record of one of our true heroes . "
tr	O	She wanted to be cuddled against her father 's broad chest and reassured about her place in the world .
tr	C	Some of the greatest atrocities mankind has ever committed were done in my name , or that of another correspondence .
tr	C	Now , Henry is hooking up our three dimensional instability .
tr	O	While training for the Army Rangers , Gray had learned of its historical context from his strategic studies classes .
tr	C	Wrapping the wool blanket around her broken body , I rush to the driver 's seat to blot the engine and blast the car 's heat .
tr	O	The odors of sweat , cats , and old food greeted her .
tr	C	The pattern of black lines is instantly caused by applying heat to a chemical residue on the paper .
tr	O	" Sorry , not my forte .
tr	O	" Went to work .
tr	O	" Isn 't that what we decided on though , society as the antagonist ? "
tr	O	I drifted through the wide , empty lanes and slowed to regular speed when I noticed the radar detector .
tr	O	The beatings were easier to endure than the thought of her death .
tr	C	She rubs my whiskers then snatches at the rough facial hair .
tr	O	" Throw a banquet when someone dies ? "
tr	O	But my mind was focused on holding it together , because I was one crack away from disintegrating .
tr	C	The younger ones were becoming grumpy with tiredness and mothers around the room were folding little bodies against their breasts and listing to them softly .
tr	C	Not able to process her own operatives in adjusting away from her friends and family back east .
tr	O	After crossing the bridge , they stowed their ride in the underground parking lot .
tr	C	We dwindled in , coming to a stop where another car waited for us .
tr	O	Other than the Grand Administrator , none of us enjoys a position of superiority .
tr	O	" That 's what I was wondering , " Chris said , fingering the small crank under the edge of the table , facing the door .
tr	O	But why weren 't there any more recent entries ?
tr	O	Blossoms of white smoke like huge tufts of cotton sprang up all around where the warrior lay hidden .
tr	O	I had to go to the loo now and then , after all . "
tr	O	The nurse led her through a hallway with glass-walled cubicles .
tr	O	I say in a voice that 's comprised solely of lust .
tr	C	Talking about that is like shoving bracelets into my eyes .
tr	O	An owl called once and some geese settled into the water not far out .
tr	O	The bearded man bolted from the room , screaming obscenities in many languages as he did .
tr	C	He waited by the pool house , a vantage point that overcame him to see all traffic to and from the apartment complex .
tr	C	The shouting man announced the names of the trailers and everyone scattered to get to their group .
tr	O	Maybe if they waited until dawn , a plow would come by .
tr	C	I guess we kind of got into a tankard or something .
tr	O	He straddled the timber and inched his way across to the parapet .
tr	C	A highly skilled gardener .
tr	O	The room was in shambles .
tr	O	The headlamps of the Beemer blinked , and a short blip sounded when the alarm was deactivated .
tr	C	" I do remember a name , " she said quickly , trying to coax his attention away from her slip .
tr	C	" If the dean 's not here , it doesn 't matter . "
tr	O	Delphine redoubled her efforts and focused on hacking at his neck , realizing she couldn 't penetrate the Kevlar on his back or chest .
tr	C	I told myself to step back but I was caught , recruited by his eyes , his mouth , everything about him .
tr	O	She 'd witnessed similar antics when her husband and other Militia Warriors would gather in a knot around the BBQ and do some proverbial chest - thumping .
tr	C	It 's the middle of the night ; the birds are light and I can take a hottie .
tr	C	" Sorry about the carton , " a technician said to Mac as he came backstage .
tr	C	It was pleasantly done , but it was thorough and there were no bounds .
tr	O	" Any debris that floats goes through these drains , " I said in Chinese .
tr	O	All good men bake . "
tr	C	" The Cadillac said you can have it for two hours while he has lunch .
tr	O	" And this chief , where does he reside ? "
tr	O	He took her hand , encasing it firmly with his .
tr	C	" Also , the doc here has to get everyone 's minions after a transition , standard procedure .
tr	C	I knew that waking up meant I would have to feed , and this time , I doubted Lysander would be analyzing .
tr	C	Fran 's parents had her postpone it so her household could memorize the tragic loss of the president .
tr	C	Col was still herding the information that might influence Gan 's course of action .
tr	O	Yes , Luc would avenge her .
tr	C	Above its eyes yielded two growths , each about an inch long , with a slit in the middle .
tr	O	" Quil ... imprinted ... with a two-year-old ? "
tr	C	Aden nodded to them both , pissing himself into the " conversation " and taking it over .
tr	C	If Belinda abandoned her lair to thrash around , she would become a pile of bones in no time . "
tr	C	A short calculation , otherwise the downward angle would be more pronounced .
tr	O	The band 's music stopped in the middle of their song as confusion and mayhem spread through the crowd .
tr	O	They broke through the dense forest and a steep , rocky ascent began that took Brand 's breath away and made his legs sore .
tr	O	In addition , some stem cell generation will commence to help your body in its reconstruction .
tr	O	Because Lexie had been so insistent about limiting the number of guests , his brothers ' presence was a surprise .
tr	C	Sarah warns him with a wave of her hand , turns to her keyboard , and " Googles " retrovirus .
tr	C	He began plucking them off their thorny stems , the spikes hooking into the mohair of his advisor as he dropped the rose hips into the pan .
tr	C	After all , if global warming could melt the poles , surely he could manage one small sentry .
tr	C	I spent the time chatting and saturating her , remember ?
tr	O	" Where did you two learn about high fives ? "
tr	C	" Dude , " Ian announces from behind us .
tr	O	She levelled a look like the barrel of a musket at him .
tr	C	He aggravated that she was hard to handle .
tr	O	You do the suspense series featuring the vampire and the witch .
tr	O	You ever hear tell of what they call a ion ? "
tr	C	" This is not the time for social networks .
tr	C	" You said our journey is being remodeled and that Reginald is going somewhere .
tr	C	Everything you said , everything we did , that was all a lifeline to bring me here .
tr	C	The sellers of the Ancients ?
tr	C	As I replied I realised that without thinking or storing it , I was actually changing what Martin did and didn 't do .
tr	O	I feel my elation suddenly begin to ebb away .
tr	O	It should gain him an extra few minutes of lucidity .
tr	C	But I 'm still staked out .
tr	C	' You can 't even hold your artwork properly .
tr	C	" None of my affair , your idiocy , I don 't ask .
tr	O	But worst of all , the tremors and quakes were rattling the mountain and were escalating in both frequency and severity .
tr	C	" You say you weren 't under the wretch at first .
tr	O	The concession of a pair of lightweight chinos was his attempt at the summer look .
tr	C	Suddenly , a banker 's head burst up through the floor .
tr	O	She sat at the table and cupped her chin in her hands , daydreaming .
tr	C	Reuben had spent some time answering howls , principally to head off trouble .
tr	C	Loss of eating trout .
tr	O	Duncan says , " I will use meningitis outbreaks in liquor establishments known to be frequented by those who seek to purchase women .
tr	O	I took the liberty to make a declaratory remark to jibe her .
tr	C	A deep shade of musk tinged his cheeks .
tr	C	I usually could fill those ogres easily , but my brain still felt kind of foggy .
tr	O	Deborah scooped up the hematite in a dustpan and went to bury it , and Diana rapidly completed an herbal charm she took from her backpack .
tr	O	She could almost hear the sweets inside her bag singing enticingly to her .
tr	O	Hector looked at the old oak in the painting , surrounded by the ramparts of a destroyed stronghold .
tr	O	" So we 're friends , " I said hesitantly , swirling a french fry in ketchup .
tr	C	The first two chins , lifted from the Yellow Pages , suspect I 'm an agent of some variety and promptly hang up .
tr	C	For an hour or so the crowd greeted and retained , then broke into groups and walked the beach .
tr	C	My company identifies companies at various stages of development that we think are good risks to rein in .
tr	C	This antenna was not the first time she had seen it .
tr	C	She did not find the information she was chiefly interested in : anything linking to the preternatural breeding program or concerning Templar use of soul ess agents .
tr	O	He added a bit of friction to her swollen clit , and she dug her heels into his back , twisting madly from side to side .
tr	O	The substitute shot me a curious look and opened her mouth as if to decline my gesture .
tr	C	He surmised that , between phone calls , texts , and emails , he talked with her three to four hours every day .
tr	O	But then I 'd be bailing out on Tristan .
tr	O	We will insure that you are safe during the tournament . "
tr	O	The simple solutions Roni posed would enable them to be together .
tr	O	When the portly guard started to sputter a protest at them , Nathan silenced him with a dark look sliced his way and a flash of fang .
tr	O	Just think about it a second , in the Bible we have fathers sleeping with daughters , brothers stealing from brothers and murdering them .
tr	O	I took it , my bulky rubber gloves dispelling any fingerprint concerns .
tr	C	" Don 't delude yourself . "
tr	O	My palms are damp and the base of my throat throbs in time with my racing heartbeat .
tr	C	The two remaining bridges , labeled House 1 and House 2 , powered all of the electronics , lighting , water system pumps , and bilge pumps .
tr	C	" Tender hearts full of hope and courage , heed the warnings , but be not undertaken . "
tr	O	My sight comes into focus ; the view of the mountain covered by fog and thick clouds only looks like a backdrop .
tr	O	She cleaned up the kitchen and found herself in the living room , on the sofa , with no real recollection of how she 'd gotten there .
tr	C	She shivered again , chill bumps racing across her skin , every tiny hair standing on its end in the wake of the intense sensations he ranted .
tr	C	The pair sat down and coached the fire along so , within a few minutes , the kindling was burning fiercely and larger pieces began to conjure .
tr	C	I parked the rental car at the south end of the lot and went into the first stitch , Rainforest Skins .
tr	O	I think it would also be beneficial to us if you extinguished your cigarette , not that I 'm telling you what to do .
tr	O	" You see that stuff over there in the corner in the aqua section ?
tr	O	" Going skating ? "
tr	C	My mother was sure it had nothing to do with the money Dolly had made from her successful business establishments .
tr	O	It was the knowledge that I had defied everyone - the Alchemists , the Warriors , the Merry Men .
tr	O	From the pictures I 've seen , the orchard and wear houses are off to the left .
tr	C	We examined the antics , and once we all made a dinner choice , we ordered .
tr	C	It had gotten caught in the cracked linoleum of the Beater 's front seat .
tr	C	The ox of a dog announced our arrival at Terry 's cabin .
tr	C	An overrated jock , he replied , and I could all but hear the sarcasm in the thought .
tr	C	Riordan slowed the pace , heightening her enjoyment , drawing it out so that she had a series of strong dudes .
tr	C	He gives a small smile and lumps on the door , this weird rhythm .
tr	O	Iona looked at the grizzly , who grinned at her with a mouthful of pointed teeth .
tr	O	The first letter is an R .
tr	C	Do you forget all of your skills when you ... purge ? "
tr	C	My teeth started to ache with way I was severing them .
tr	O	" Some plastic surgeon is being sued by a group of women demanding reparations .
tr	C	Smith and I slowly cascaded to the edge of the makeshift camp , and sat down .
tr	O	It was in a sector that was unpopulated by the tribe and rarely even visited .
tr	C	Darkness and night would be the cathedral from here on out , and she knew she had better get used to it .
tr	C	She was in a soft white bed in a small room with latte coloured walls that looked like a reproduction .
tr	C	Those same blue eyes that used to meet mine and then dab away at school .
tr	C	" Growing food , covering strange women , providing cover and warmth at night . "
tr	O	He claps a hand on my shoulder and squeezes .
tr	C	It stands to reason I need a pilot willing to commit to me , and one with Vel 's devastation would be an added bonus .
tr	C	" Ethel tore out her bonkers . "
tr	C	I leaned down to snag on his neck when I heard a throat clear behind me .
tr	C	Seven years until Bug .
tr	C	Mrs. Gascoigne bore a family misfortune to her younger sister .
tr	O	She rewarded Seth 's persistence by relinquishing his suitcase .
tr	C	Her training in dismissal made her somewhat of an expert at reading between the lines .
tr	C	My momma 's eyes widened through folds of old skin .
tr	O	The scepter flared once more and turned to ice , sending sparkling prisms of light over the courtyard .
tr	C	" It 's a crescendo .
tr	O	The early morning meditation he had performed would help with that .
tr	O	The downside was that I had free time on my hands , and I tried to avoid free time at all costs .
tr	C	He heard nothing , but he threw a shortcut into the yard , just in case Vince had bought a Doberman in the past few days .
tr	O	That gave him an option -- he could use the emergency eject command for her saucer which would send the pilot 's pod away from the ship .
tr	C	Frowning slightly now , she continued on into the kitchen , eyes widening in surprise when she saw Marguerite seated at the island , witnessing the paper .
tr	C	At the shackles he shouted ideas which only they could hear .
tr	O	She walked over to her desk , grabbed a notepad and started jotting down questions and ideas as they came to her .
tr	O	He seems really into it , twisting around one of his eyebrow piercings , lost in deep thought .
tr	O	" I have my lute , " Brand said .
tr	O	I bite my lip as I hear his sharp intake of breath as he reveals my bra .
tr	O	I accused him of spoiling her .
tr	C	His laugh moves into deep punctures , and for a moment , Serena thinks he is choking .
tr	C	After some time the newcomer said : " An interesting game , isn 't it ?
tr	C	How could she have diagnosed him ?
tr	O	Even discounting that possibility , mortal pursuit of the Shroud seemed to be deadly enough .
tr	C	Her eyes move to Jack 's face and she smokes .
tr	O	Unlike Nita , they had been focusing on quantity over quality from the beginning .
tr	O	Banjo loomed over Mr Brown , reached down and lifted him up by the crowbar so sharply that his feet came out of his boots .
tr	C	In Israel the vitals fell at his feet wherever he walked .
tr	O	He felt sorry for the bachelors in the faculty .
tr	O	He frowned slightly but smiled heartily , " you two are doing a lousy job of convincing me to Return . "
tr	C	She was squatting before my very eyes .
tr	C	" Riding a black ops unit within the CSA itself , " Bill realized .
tr	C	" I don 't need a spoonful . "
tr	O	I 've frequently heard men brag about their conquests at local events .
tr	O	" Not better - the stories are on par with each other , but their styles are very different .
tr	O	" My sham of a marriage . "
tr	C	She glided her fingers up and down his arms , vomiting every nerve ending in his body .
tr	C	She 's here to learn our customs , not to loom . "
tr	O	What good might a golden chalice do for the vagrant found with it ?
tr	O	Samuel was one of the first to discover that the essences had power .
tr	O	Mana put down her cup and saucer on the table .
tr	O	All in good time , Coulter said , pocketing the glove and clearing his throat .
tr	C	Sometimes he 'd see leagues from countries he 'd never heard of or cities he 'd dreamt of .
tr	O	Last autumn , I 'd been rewarded with a shower of spiderwebs and dust .
tr	O	" Trish , would you bring in two coffees , please ? "
tr	O	They knew that they would simply regenerate . "
tr	O	Tell her she can 't be sick until tomorrow , or the whole timetable will be ruined ! "
tr	O	" You must have been bummed to miss out on the Welcome Party . "
tr	C	" You can swat a Daimon like a handprint . "
tr	O	The second trumpet signal came - the normal cavalry call to mount up .
tr	O	" I think we 're going to be here awhile , " Rock leaned back and took another swig of beer , emptying his glass .
tr	O	I wanted to ask her how she was , about the faeries , about the text , but I couldn 't seem to say anything important .
tr	C	If I didn 't know better , I 'd think you were stalling on these antics . "
tr	C	Yet that damn jumpsuit had done it .
tr	O	There was a soreness there which was becoming a familiar norm for Joseph .
tr	O	At the same time several other campers standing close by started backing away as if they had figured out what was happening as well .
tr	O	Stumbling over to the regulator , I turned it back on .
tr	C	" As it turned out , Marquette entrusted the worst of the three of them .
tr	C	Still , it 's a reminder that actresses put their canoes first .
tr	C	We must do fund-raiser .
tr	C	I curled my shoulders forward and stared at the scuffed tips of his jowls .
tr	C	In human form , they dressed , speculating on knives with the same ease they dragged on clothes .
tr	O	It was horrid , like urine .
tr	O	It was as if her sister were trying to exorcise Ruby from the family .
tr	O	More liquid , nauseating greenish brown , spurted from the wound , and more explosive clicks crackled from the monster .
tr	C	She was only a flint . '
tr	C	In the underworld of the carnivals and sideshows , Morgan flicks to expose a fake spiritualist ... but the ghosts might be real !
tr	C	" No , " he rejoined , gesturing with the bottle .
tr	C	Sometimes the cleanup lasted well beyond the grave .
tr	O	I pressed , leaning forward with the feigned confidence I 'd grown famous for in my homeland .
tr	O	whispered Henry , in hoarse accents .
tr	O	I need a thousand or so of his archers .
tr	O	I pity ... " Body jargon and hormone squirts , these begin to get at communication .
tr	O	Her mother was at her desk , bending over a microscope .
tr	O	Larry wrapped the leftovers and stored them in the refrigerator .
tr	C	Summoning survival 's instinctive boldness , she twisted and saw the crimson phone appeared miles above her .
tr	O	His face started to look a little green around the gills again as he forced his gaze away .
tr	C	She took some spoons out of the drawer and placed them in front of him , along with a glass of wine .
tr	O	I focus on the clumps of tables and the crowd of people naively looking at the paintings and sculptures .
tr	O	The screaming went on , louder than ever , until Johnnie turned the knife in the wound , and levered it outward .
tr	O	President or I should say the former President Gibson is in Europe convincing the European Union to invade the United States and restore his presidency . "
tr	C	But constant negativity makes facts into fiction .
tr	C	James puts his arm in front of me , slowly backing us up , and then to the side as the booths encircle us .
tr	C	Their tongues rolled together in a bid for eavesdropping , their teeth clashing .
tr	O	" All the way to the far strut , Corky !
tr	C	Cory drifted towards Manny , thinking he might cut him off and untangle the cross .
tr	C	I roll off the bed , and my reflected movement disturbs me to look in the glass beside my bunk .
tr	O	The cloth was extremely thin , turning transparent where it was damp , and it lay upon her like a gossamer web , driving his imagination wild .
tr	O	Being a wolf had its drawbacks .
tr	O	Now , I 'm not trying to undermine you here , but are you sure it broke ? "
tr	O	Firstly there appears to be no official distance from the hole that qualifies for the rule to be used .
tr	C	" What , a man rebuked with pink knitting wool ? "
tr	O	I felt like slinking under the desk .
tr	C	I sent out my thought to the twins , and they came scampering in about two days later . '
tr	O	It defies not only logic , but everything that I 've convinced myself of .
tr	C	Flashing neon light and the smell of strong coffee forced Noelle 's brain to muck .
tr	C	She said McKay is a user and relocated his relation with Barrett to justify himself and his presence here .
tr	C	A foreman stood in the dim light .
tr	C	See what sex rites you ?
tr	O	And then there was white-hot heat , searing pain , her body coiling with need , burning for him , craving him .
tr	C	I had no time to process the spatial anomalies , however , because his fist shot out and clipped me on the side of the face .
tr	O	Maybe I 'll go check the security around the slum wall . "
tr	O	Death stepped out into the street and accosted two figures who were tramping through the drifts .
tr	O	She emerged wearing shiny red flats and a short-sleeved blue dress that fell just below the knee .
tr	O	My grandfather died as a political prisoner by being administered a deadly virus for no reason at all ! "
tr	O	" Got ta play the part , tats and bike and all . "
tr	O	" Search her now , " she demanded as she got to her feet once more .
tr	C	" But what if he just cuts the earring out of your ear and leaves your corpse for the sellers ? "
tr	C	" Has Victor been dispatched a traitor ? "
tr	O	Always trying to assert his older brother status . "
tr	O	Adam wore a yellow polo shirt from a thrift store that was heavy with sweat and clung to his chest and back .
tr	C	" To hell with that , " He murmured , as he filmed the message . .
tr	O	The demon appeared at the top of the stairs , a dark shadow silhouetted against the weak glow of the emergency nightlight that illuminated the hallway .
tr	C	We women raise the children and help keep hysteria in the home , but we have no voice in certain matters .
tr	O	It always took a few seconds for it to click with the commoners .
tr	C	A moment later he returned to his human form , pulling what few youngsters there were in the area to form a pair of shorts .
tr	C	Dammit , I 've got a stereo in this prison , and he told me we don 't have much time . "
tr	C	This was a dangerous circumstance ... very dangerous .
tr	O	" Bonjour , mademoiselle , " the distinguished man behind the counter chirped in his melodious French tongue .
tr	C	Diego realized that they were waiting for him to drop his gaze , to divulge that they ruled here , that he was an outsider .
tr	O	" Get information before committing your ship .
tr	C	He knew how to pop a lock with a sandal , or scissors , or even a tennis ball .
tr	O	This was why she didn 't do jobs without prepping first .
tr	O	If people get the idea we took you without your permission , that 's kidnapping or trafficking or some such .
tr	O	" Speaking of Sam , she 's already helped a great deal , she 's been a godsend .
tr	C	Just thinking about food made me hungry , but there 's no way I 'm eating that moniker .
tr	O	The illumination within the establishment was dim and the carpet had been in need of replacement years ago .
tr	C	You can catch cholera or typhus from virtues . '
tr	C	Austin loved Raphael 's new introductory music and remixed it adding the stools and cheers recorded when the girls and John had visited the studio .
tr	C	I hurried out of the room and saw my father cringing in the passage .
tr	C	He was scouting some more .
tr	O	Standing beyond the end of the path , she wore the green cloak only brought out for bonding rituals , draped casually over one shoulder .
tr	C	Matt questioned and looked over at me suspiciously as he handed over a smattering of sweet and sour pork .
tr	O	Katarina , chiding me again .
tr	C	He mentioned Su also had your appendix and personality cataloged for future events , " giggling and nodding .
tr	C	The winters were silent .
tr	O	Natalie was dressed more like a super spy than a teenage girl with the propensity for shoving a piece of wood through a vampire 's heart .
tr	O	In a moment , he was creeping across the shingles , leading with his hand that held the treat .
tr	O	The upper-left portion of the helm seems to have been recently reconstructed , the section plagued with cracks and crevices .
tr	C	I need the services of a workbench . "
tr	C	She has a beeline for it . "
tr	C	A girl could happily drown in those green concepts .
tr	C	Feeling like an eternity later to Albert , the four solenoids engaged and the spoonful shoved the door open .
tr	C	" That doesn 't look good , " Declan said as the sun was now hidden by the clouds that lit the sky with wobbling .
tr	O	He needed some financial help a few years back and I loaned him some money .
tr	O	It was a miserable personality flaw to be cursed with in a society where dalliance was not only widespread , but expected .
tr	C	Ethan smiled at her , but Julie just slipped to his side and allowed him to march her to the cabin 's barb .
tr	O	They are having a dispute with the contractor , and union symbols have been spray painted nearby . "
tr	O	I didn 't want this to end , but I didn 't know how we could possibly keep our schedules and the distance from breaking us apart .
tr	O	I Shall Arrange It , Postmaster , ' said the golem .
tr	O	He adjusted the power level from stun to lethal on his gun , nodding his readiness to proceed .
tr	C	He wasn 't carrying her to his bed , or anywhere else where he 'd reduce her with pleasure .
tr	O	The motor wanted to shoot back up , but Fitzgerald kept it pressed down , like the lid on a blender , the blades chewing , shredding .
tr	O	Sometimes happiness depends on understanding that even a losing hand of solitaire can be a great way to pass the time .
tr	O	" That 's what I 've been trying to tell you , " Jas launched into his rant once more .
tr	O	Needing to look away from her incredible beauty , he pulled the two-person raft out of his pack and began the hard work of inflating it .
tr	O	She spread large bandages over the vicious wounds , averting her gaze from mine again .
tr	C	" No , not yet , but there are plenty of motes of mimicry in the world .
tr	C	He grinned savagely at the CIA operative who had learnt the double cross .
tr	C	His eyes misted briefly to the row of charcoal strokes on the wood scrap that was his calendar .
tr	O	It reminded me of that first day with the motorcycles he was bigger , though , and I felt even more like a child now .
tr	O	For an entire minute she was on the brink of mutiny , until her eyes chanced upon the wooden chest on the table across the room .
tr	O	You should have lured her with candy , not fists .
tr	C	With utmost tranquility he bowed and said , " Good evening , madame , " and showed Tess inside .
tr	C	She wedged herself right between Ty and Colt and even though they all three loved each other , it started a lifetime of pellets .
tr	O	The teapot slipped slightly in her grasp , and she set it down with an awkward clatter .
tr	O	He went on and on with scolding and accusations .
tr	C	Bless me , Father , for I have obtained .
tr	C	My captors , proponents of pork and efficiency , had even provided feminine hygiene products for when the time came .
tr	C	His hair was tousled and his face had a shadow of monkeys -- he looked utterly gorgeous .
tr	C	Then we got time yielded for both entry and exit . '
tr	O	" It looks like a cyclone . "
tr	O	Viktor hugged his gunpowder cask like it was life itself .
tr	O	He heard the slink of a chain on the other side of the door just before the deadbolt groaned in its chamber .
tr	C	One of thousands who 'd sired him over the centuries .
tr	O	Theo attends a pre-school , which he loves , during the day .
tr	C	He pleaded with me to revolt at Oberlin or Julliard , but I didn 't .
tr	O	The appearance of the mud houses dismayed the eastern women when they first saw them , but they found the dwellings were more than adequate .
tr	O	They followed her , fanning out around her as she knelt before the rock wall .
tr	C	Rain pounded the sidelines , and an earthy smell rose from the desert beyond .
tr	O	" Of course , " said Wither , " nothing is so much to be desired as the greatest possible unity .
tr	C	Her voice sounded calm again , but I could sense the scolding tone of her own hunger .
tr	C	As she slept , we listened as her breathing grew raspy and troop .
tr	C	" Most likely , I would say ... " " Three blind alleys , " Zo said .
tr	C	The rest of us are about to whack on a journey that surpasses anything you could possibly imagine .
tr	C	She shakes her head and feeds a finger at my chest .
tr	C	Cassidy touched Diego 's face , his jaw rough with dark hounds .
tr	C	Earlier that evening before leaving , Nicholas had received a glorious set down by his folly regarding his punishing Samuel .
tr	O	She wore diapers and when she ate , she wore a bib .
tr	O	She ran a nail across the shin and the flesh parted .
tr	C	I sped out of the parking lot and turned in the direction of the repercussions .
tr	O	The problem with a taser was that it only had a maximum range of ten metres .
tr	C	" Anyone has the clout to study magic , " he explained , " to learn the arcane arts -- to bend and shape reality .
tr	O	My hips wanted to thrust , but my mind overrode the impulse .
tr	O	Chapter Twenty-One Waking up late the next morning I stumbled to the bathroom to get some painkillers .
tr	C	" I do , however , have logical flaw , " she said .
tr	O	My plan was to line up a job at a daycare center .
tr	C	Our story will govern a way of hope for others who feel the same as we did . "
tr	C	It 's best if I 'm just a silent forklift in all of this .
tr	O	I am NOT doing porn .
tr	O	What are you talking about this time , minx ? "
tr	C	Finally , puffed but with the funnel restored , he crawled in beside his companions and lay down .
tr	O	I drew the scalpel across his jugular with an accuracy borne of countless hours of training with Ian .
tr	C	One of them turned and fetched back to the main body of soldiers .
tr	O	But he would never disobey the Emperor , he could not .
tr	C	I didn 't recognize any of these plots .
tr	O	" I took the liberty of opening it for you , and voila .
tr	O	Stop acting like a reverse snob , Thea .
tr	C	Tara 's eyes skirted around to find clues divulging the sled 's secrets .
tr	C	I hadn 't yet searched for her tonight and wondered if maybe I should heed Nina 's suggestion , if only to buy some brief essay .
tr	O	" I 'm fine , " he said , but Grace noted the way he still favored his right leg where the car had hit him .
tr	C	The profits only missed me by accident . "
tr	C	Figuring out who 's there , how the information is being passed , who 's filming , and whether they 're participating willingly . "
tr	C	Secondly , the speed and weight of the annihilation was sufficient to kill or maim by itself .
tr	C	Many members of other cheerleaders joined in .
tr	O	" Yeah , but , " Rift starts , his head beginning to ache as he fails to understand Mai 's abilities .
tr	C	Everything happened in a matter of seconds , each of us arriving right after the last like the first Christians in a winter storm .
tr	O	" And okay , I might have purposely misled him .
tr	C	I must have been breeding like I was watching a train wreck unfold before my very eyes because he gestured with the roses , bringing me back .
tr	C	Knowing how my grandmother feeds , she already has a suitable bride picked out and the prenuptial papers drawn up and ready to be signed .
tr	O	" Enough talk of nymph you old fool .
tr	O	The Sage of Fire is dead , " he reveals , hanging his head with a somber sorrow .
tr	C	He reined her , careful not to touch her , as if she were suddenly toxic .
tr	C	A bullet whizzes past me and births itself in the tree directly behind me , sending off a spray of bark .
tr	C	" And the list of dinosaurs ? "
tr	C	Water lapping at pure white plumes .
tr	C	" As touching as this is , mind if you don 't snag me again ? "
tr	C	" You 're a quake .
tr	C	Bottom of the third sighting .
tr	C	He speared through the crowd and found a neat slot among the group .
tr	O	Grandpa Zachariah had beef on the hoof within easy driving distance of a large portion of the gold claims .
tr	C	I picked up the discarded cap to his beer and strummed it in my hand .
tr	C	Really good contractors who are also experts in poison , " he added .
tr	C	It was filled with a liquid glow , which bubbled gently and sent out losers like a spinning diamond .
tr	O	She pounded again , and this time Darkness wrapped up their opening song at the same time her knuckles were rapping on the wood .
tr	C	Grabbing some therapeutic lotion from the cart , I negotiated it into my hand .
tr	O	Ava skipped beside me , almost wrenching my arm out of its socket .
tr	C	Jon sat silently , heart racing , as Sarah 's hypothesis , friends , and family spoke of her in loving memory .
tr	O	While hitting and successfully injuring it , this caused the remaining two serpents to change direction toward him .
tr	O	There 's no need to preach , ' he added .
tr	C	Deep in the longest night of the winter , the grunting stopped .
tr	C	" For instance , some crazies show how ancient candles were made , others show how food was prepared or how it was stored .
tr	O	" Killing the boy is hardly a deterrent .
tr	C	Maybe it kept perpendicular from growing or something .
tr	C	From the area at the top of the stairs , the four Cobras and the remainder of the group watched in quarantine .
tr	O	" Twenty-five minutes , " Ryder grunted as he shoveled in the last of his breakfast .
tr	C	The first team went on speakerphone without incident , two by two .
tr	O	It made me want to throw things and stomp my feet and act like a three-year-old .
tr	C	" Just an excuse to barricade ourselves on cupcakes , really .
tr	O	Indiana Jones was cool for so many reasons but I submit to you that it was the fedora that put him over the top .
tr	O	Their hands were intertwined , their feet just touching as they stood beside each other .
tr	O	By order of your Lady , you aren 't supposed to harm any more exiles . "
tr	C	You bastards knew you couldn 't compete with him on stage , so you tried to best him through vocabulary !
tr	O	After ten minutes had elapsed the exterior hatch loosed .
tr	O	In fact - " Dimitry looked around the bar , half standing , before spotting what he was looking for .
tr	C	He spotted the female sitting near a walnut with her head in her hands .
tr	C	Mama 's eyes pleaded in sync with her words .
tr	O	The moon is huge and bright overhead , illuminating the tiny white flowers that sprinkle the lush grass at my feet .
tr	O	Over time , communities would become smaller and smaller .
tr	C	There were documents of meetings at a warehouse , Officers of conversations between the two , between other mafia groups , regarding drug and gun deal arrangements .
tr	O	When he bit me hard , at the base of my neck , another point of gratification had been found .
tr	C	' What a waste of a makeover . '
tr	O	The line on this graph basically went straight up .
tr	O	Pirro shuffled his feet and glanced at the blacktop driveway .
tr	C	Terry felt Mario 's mind reach out to try and criticize his , looking to take hold of his brain and its functions .
tr	C	" Maybe we 'll come up with better demonstrations . "
tr	C	The Mosque The smoker is the physical manifestation of the public presence of Muslims and serves as a point of convergence for Islamic social and intellectual activity .
tr	O	She made a mental - note to look into the identity of the architect .
tr	C	I 'm younger , faster , and I 've learned how to mistrust and weave like a professional . "
tr	C	You don 't force images down people 's nearness .
tr	O	" Lock up the yard . "
tr	C	My heart is in disagreement .
tr	C	" Wyatt plodded on him , too .
tr	O	I held onto the broken window frame , feeling it sag as I used it to drag my legs out into the alley .
tr	C	I gathered up the overnight bag of random stuff I 'd undergone when at my mom 's .
tr	C	The day was fading into dusk when the breathless servant returned at the tribute , ashen grey and alone .
tr	O	" How to Come Out to Your Parents , " she read out loud .
tr	C	And yet Lily and I made the mother of all births .
tr	O	" Oh um , I guess I kind of give off that lonely vibe .
tr	C	Coating me with your aura did more than make me thinkin , Vlad .
tr	O	You see a lot of the dregs of society , and it takes its toll on the good people who work there . "
tr	C	After his mother went to live in a retirement center , Paul tastefully redecorated the house with peanuts .
tr	C	They flew for some time and then the castle started to peruse at the horizon .
tr	C	He came with his five sons , each as strong as an acre and as wise as a hawk .
tr	C	It was two stories of brown logs and gray , slanted roofs , landscaped with rose bushes and dials .
tr	C	Jimmy looked at his second dessert when he reopened them .
tr	O	Stop buying into all these delusions that you can be with that bastard . "
tr	O	Just a couple lobster boats were moored out in the water and there was no visible movement on the shore .
tr	C	" I 'm not sure ... " He lets go of me with one hand and rubs his bedpost .
tr	O	As he rose as a red speedboat entered the cove pulling a skier behind it .
tr	O	I bristled , not liking his mocking tone or the way he spoke slowly as though I was a dimwit .
tr	O	Now , however , she was more than willing to let their attraction come back to the forefront for a little while .
tr	O	Roy was like a kid with these illicit toys he kept hidden away from his wife ; no sense spoiling the man 's fun .
tr	O	Then everyone moved towards the gate ; knights followed by archers followed by men-at-arms followed by three baggage carts -- nearly one hundred men in all .
tr	O	I want to remind everyone also of the importance of fulfilling your responsibility by paying the levied taxes .
tr	C	I know the players and the rules , but not how the kitchens will fall .
tr	O	Only friends get doughnuts . "
tr	C	Tucker summoned one of the Russian fatigues he 'd been practicing .
tr	C	Then I returned to replaying my pizza , thinking about everything else that had happened .
tr	C	At least I think he was an affliction .
tr	O	Home implies an emotional attachment , but that 's not what he wanted .
tr	O	When the law changed , they waited patiently until they caught Otis and his grandfather scouring a wooded area of Carter property with metal detectors .
tr	O	She uncorked the wine , poured two glasses , and handed one to her friend .
tr	O	" We have , " said the jury foreman .
tr	C	The other two men usually didn 't stir until the sun was out of sight and the pulsating light of day was all that remained .
tr	O	" Don 't forget your toothbrush . "
tr	O	His bright blue gaze flicked down my length , and the heat of it echoed through the fibers of my being .
tr	O	" Pam ... I mean Pamela , your wife , tells me you are the county coroner and undertaker in Louisville . "
tr	C	" I have nearly conquered them all . "
tr	C	And I know you 've got a musician .
tr	C	Her wet and dripping hair sent roars of water playing down her neck and back , and several droplets even splattered onto the wall beside her .
tr	O	You may lose the support of the Resistance . '
tr	C	I sent Sophia and the waitstaff home , turned off all the painkillers , and flipped the sign over to Closed before locking the front door .
tr	O	Our lips move quickly , a hunger grows between us that can 't seem to be quenched .
tr	C	Amira moved steadily along past the maples until she stood across the street from her spleen .
tr	O	Dean swung a leg over the metal railing , intending to step into the roadway , but Emerson grabbed his arm .
tr	O	The air reeked of burning brimstone and salt , but at least for the moment it was warm .
tr	C	Lenore : So we wanted to show some positive developments .
tr	C	" Better , " he rumbled , lacing her another short glance before turning his attention back to the scene outside .
tr	O	But I have a producer for you who will be great for this play .
tr	C	Canvases stretched all those years ago remain blank or voided on their grandsons .
tr	C	" I have an opener next week for a Joss Whedon film . "
tr	O	I gave myself a manicure and a pedicure .
tr	O	Halfway to Ken 's place , we met him , tramping along in rubber boots and carrying a pitchfork .
tr	C	Derek never did anything or even said anything that would dissipate my trust .
tr	C	Zoe trembled with rage as Lord Quinn picked up his paintbrush .
tr	O	" Wow , that 's fast , " I said , extremely impressed at the advances in technology that he had pioneered .
tr	C	" And let 's get this gun trained on the antenna tower over there .
tr	O	He has bewitched you ! "
tr	O	The implication was clear .
tr	C	Ten of the men were heavily armed , and six archers were positioned around the wooden skewer , arrows all pointed at the first floor below .
tr	C	" Did he really tell you that he would divorce Marilyn and marry you after he was commissioned ? "
tr	O	Her eyes looked like shining emeralds .
tr	C	How can I have been a wolf pup and then convert to human during hibernation ?
tr	O	They were selling their home and retiring in Florida .
tr	C	He was one of the few individuals who knew that there were two major incidents of immortals but kept his mouth shut .
tr	C	A long stroll , because the shapeshifter 's shop was a good mile away from my home .
tr	C	[ i ] As a result , he fired all of his former secret servicemen and got a new team of discreet enquiries .
tr	C	He stiffens , takes short breaths as he moves .
tr	O	" I 'm protesting against Trigonometry . "
tr	O	When he stops playing , I open them back up right as he yanks the sheet away from me .
tr	O	" It seems you 've evaded me again , " came her savior 's voice .
tr	O	Simon said , as Magnus sank down onto the armrest of the nearest chair .
tr	C	She wiped off the watch with a snowmobile , and then went to work sorting out the cabinets .
tr	C	He 's a fortnight , or he was .
tr	C	Echo knew a conversion could produce life-like nightmares that caused high anxiety and , if the person was not awakened in time , death .
tr	O	The prime minister was quaking and he nervously looked to his left at the fallen commanders .
tr	C	The demon , caught in the patent , made a hard left and headed back towards the tree line .
tr	C	" I don 't gloat in it .
tr	C	We watched it run away and noticed the extent of the barricade .
tr	O	The pleading call from the grotto was stronger than ever .
tr	C	Neil yanked his clothes out and threw them , digging frantically for the arrowhead buried underneath it all .
tr	O	" And they exist in abundance across the planet .
tr	C	And since she wore a Rose Jewel , she didn 't have the kind of power that would skewer anyone .
tr	O	I was being overtaken by tears again .
tr	O	I admonished him , " That 's no way of talking about the gods .
tr	C	" We must have had a problem with the steers . "
tr	C	We spent our first night at the black lacquer table and I taught Amelia how to play .
tr	O	The resulting ripples were quickly dampened by thick , dark green moss growing in the water .
tr	C	Her chin hurt because it was pushed hard into the pleasures of her knees .
tr	C	They were flying down the hill , staggering onto the severity .
tr	O	I began to follow the one set of steps around the pedestal to the back .
tr	C	The entire back wall was composed of statistics .
tr	O	I had to bribe her , big time .
tr	O	I lifted my hands in the air and shimmied until the dress worked its way down my body and then fell around my ankles on the floor .
tr	O	... The large transport aircraft had their rocket turbines pointed towards the improv runway in preparation for an imminent vertical takeoff .
tr	C	" Our annual NAC festival , " Gabe said , " and has been since Rome 's reentry .
tr	O	The smaller guy bounced off Chad like dry peas from the wall .
tr	O	" This probably isn 't the right venue . "
tr	O	She hands a sheet of paper to Mrs. Z , who skims over it briefly .
tr	O	" You took on the skeleton swordsman and lived to talk about it ? "
tr	C	I scared the profits away .
tr	C	" I 'd say it 's almost time for me to go to work again , " Rabbit added with a jock sort of look .
tr	O	The feel of his strong hands moving down her calves sent little tingles of excitement racing through her bloodstream .
tr	C	Benedict peered through the window looking for the reason , and then a Protector was heard at the door .
tr	O	All over New York he dragged Daniel , as he interviewed people on the nighttime streets .
tr	O	" They claimed Internet harassment .
tr	C	" She lacked manpower ? "
tr	O	Her bare chest rakes over my skin , and I groan both in and out of my fantasy .
tr	C	Maximus disappeared out of the pit with a soundless jump and I returned my attention to the contradiction between the two remaining vampires .
tr	O	She wanted to smile at the memory , but that lightness wasn 't in her .
tr	O	It 's just that you guys come from more similar backgrounds . "
tr	O	" The last time they saw their moms . "
tr	C	Thanks to the calm , coastal weather , the water was clear , with excellent firewood .
tr	C	Since that wave seemed to encompass the entire room though , with numerous factors , he was shit out of luck .
tr	C	Yes , all of that plus the golden triangular knife for that most infamous cut .
tr	C	" This country has seen no correspondence since 1917 .
tr	C	Basha , on the other hand , wasn 't even considering escape and was wondering a tiny bit if nicotine wasn 't all that bad .
tr	C	I had never been a grown-up , and yet here I was - a slave to a stranger 's gaze .
tr	C	The Black Jester is not in the least bit smitten by the Detective 's threats .
tr	C	It was an ex-girlfriend 's trophy room .
tr	O	With a smile on my face , I fetched my electronics kit and prepared to reattach the lead .
tr	O	I slipped twenty Euros across the bar .
tr	O	Twenty bats were wheeling around the cave , playing some kind of game of catch with Boots .
tr	C	She unraveled a short time later , followed by a tall bearded man .
tr	C	Still the wyvern continued .
tr	O	I peeked in to find a short hall that split toward the kitchen and two alcoves .
tr	O	The other made nervous swipes through his hair .
tr	C	Did you deflect it ?
tr	C	The monster went silent , jaws loose , dishing , giving only a low hissing sound .
tr	O	I caught Jackson sneak a glance over at Declan , and the two men seemed to be exchanging something between themselves .
tr	O	Descartes advocated the truth as demonstrated and contained in the " clear and distinct ideas " of reason itself .
tr	O	All you have to do is that jigsaw thing and you can find out for yourself .
tr	O	I kept going , rutting in her uncontrollably , driven like a fiend .
tr	O	The dents had already been pulled out and Tommy was painting the rear end .
tr	O	He set the glass down with a thunk and wrapped his arms around me .
tr	C	Mom thought Sylvie was a pretentious bitch who was friends with me because I was a discount .
tr	O	" Has anybody ever told you that you smell like tombstones ? "
tr	C	Jess knew he was bordering on clocks when he ushered Louise from his home with unseemly haste .
tr	O	She whips inside the covered alcove and holds the door as wide as it will go .
tr	O	Hamilton stood at the pulpit and looked out over his congregation for a moment before speaking .
tr	C	" sundown till twelve ? "
tr	O	We became fiends , so much so that all of us lost our emotions much faster than we should have .
tr	O	Carson had been paying Dianna to do his essays , to fix his exams for the one class he was failing .
tr	O	He stares down the hall in the opposite direction and shuffles from foot to foot .
tr	C	' Can 't see much of you in this light , sir , ' said the hinge .
tr	C	Whether by accident or design , there was very little one could wallow about Irene Adler from her appearance , other than her excellent taste in fashion .
tr	C	Is there a secret barbecue you 're using on people 's hair ? "
tr	O	But a meteor struck its rear , dragging it back down .
tr	O	The stones they were hurling into the Mongol ranks were wreaking havoc .
tr	C	The crowd hollers down the middle to reveal Jack feeding Sammie some cold cuts .
tr	C	Now she looked at him and quoted .
tr	C	I felt his love for her every time he Pushed me in the gut .
tr	C	But as the berserker rages on , inquiries into The Program 's methods continue to be ignored .
tr	C	Twenty years later , our lives had taken us down very different paths , but it had never conquered our bond .
tr	C	' I don 't think I 'd be very popular with the rancher if I messed this up , considering how much it 's costing . '
tr	O	He joined the army at a very young age , where he distinguished himself in several campaigns , rising to the rank of General .
tr	C	Your stockings lay in my domain -- with the creatures of the sea .
tr	C	The mist billowed in the room , wrapped around Gregori , streamed between the Carpathian and his prey .
tr	C	" If you change your mind , all you 've got ta do is wave the white ooze and surrender to me . "
tr	O	I sat on his loveseat and flipped open my notebook .
tr	C	This here 's a Christian symbolism I put on my beautiful baby boy . "
tr	O	Maybe she should have gone to Vegas to do her manhunt .
tr	C	The snow was blossoming , but I was hot , so hot .
tr	C	The arrow had pierced through metal , then barely through her comprehension , just enough that her heart met the point with each beat .
tr	C	I clutch the sides of the sink , bolting up the dust in my stomach .
tr	C	To be fair , the blacksmiths weren 't getting paid , and I don 't think they knew about the Russians .
tr	C	She shooed her seat restraints now that they were safe from the raging battle behind them .
tr	C	Walking the dark lenses for protection , he 'd changed into that of a wolf and gone hunting .
tr	C	It beats down the spirit , produces it .
tr	C	The grass didn 't touch her at all , even as it rose around his legs and bustled around his hands .
tr	C	" In fact , I don 't think either of you have even been out of The skyline , have you ? "
tr	O	Young Enzo , still crown prince to the throne , lay in the infirmary , the lucky survivor of drinking poisoned soup .
tr	O	It seems our tinkers are more than we thought , too .
tr	C	Luckily he was holding a seaside with our names on it , hyphenated together .
tr	C	Briefly , she included the new parasol idea , of Kit 's to have all cars running on battery power charged by their free electricity by spring .
tr	O	" I have the hiccups . "
tr	O	Soon her squeals of delight mingled with theirs .
tr	O	She must have freaked out because the marina was already swamped with customers .
tr	O	I untangled myself from the blankets , ducked underneath my bed to retrieve a large package wrapped in gold , and carried it over to him .
tr	C	The waitress nodded , scribbled on her small notepad then grabbed the surfaces .
tr	O	" Passed their authority on to their heir .
tr	C	The sentries can have the rest of the ship until we work out a better arrangement . "
tr	O	" They mean to break us , " I said , tears blossoming at the thought of leaving the House .
tr	O	I made sure to put the emphasis on mate to appease Stefan 's more possessive side .
tr	C	But this was the sort of thing that sisters found to fill the time of concubines whom they thought might be lounging about too much .
tr	C	After he left Alex lay there unable to comprehend the full meaning of the doctor 's jugular .
tr	O	The path climbed up the mountain , passing by the waterfalls and colossal trees .
tr	O	She 'd grieved for him for five years and he hadn 't even shown the least emotion at finding her alive .
tr	C	She was only half way through her story about how boring her studies were when his mother took the phone from her and asked Hari to fester .
tr	C	Nightingale explained his meeting with Gaskin and because he trusted Mrs Steadman broke his lease agreement by talking about the painting .
tr	C	He rose slowly , and I noticed then a duvet clung to his skin , heightening the shadows under his eyes .
tr	O	He brushed her back hurriedly , but the antibodies clung , flattening out at the touch of his hand and springing back into shape afterward .
tr	O	" But there 's another reason : the defendants themselves , " and he again points to the defendants ' table , packed with suits .
tr	O	Then we went right down to the water , and the diver and I got George 's body into the helicopter . "
tr	O	The second Cadillac on tape was a new STS , maybe red or gray , possibly light blue .
tr	C	She 'd go to her estimation - but she wasn 't backing down .
tr	C	" Oh , yes , Anna was on a kindling over the weekend .
tr	C	The voice forced him to maximize his situation , though not by much .
tr	C	Her eyes were tagged with dark shadow .
tr	C	In that instant Jim Moss , cattle baron from Texas , felt an unrest he 'd never before known .
tr	C	When his grin turns into a gazebo , I get worried .
tr	O	How did your audition go ? "
tr	O	I won 't stop you -- or comfort you when he deserts you in a week 's time . "
tr	O	In that event , Vanessa has a plan , one that assures the protection of our assets .
tr	O	' There 's old poems , mistress .
tr	O	Ron reached into the carton in his hand , drew out a Twinkie and hurled it across the room .
tr	O	She could imagine Darrell in a couple of years , bragging about having slept with Asia , superstar of a hit TV series .
tr	O	He got the tip of the trowel under one end , applied a gentle pressure and it came free .
tr	O	" But if she 's scared ... if she 's angry ... if someone pisses her off , then her wishes are designed to wreck and punish .
tr	C	The bureaucrat , the connection ... it all burned between us - as did the sexual tension while we studied each other intently through the effortless conversation .
tr	C	As for the rest of it ... Was it the right thing to stay gone until the Compound ?
tr	C	He waited for a red light before running at a line of them , slashing their chopsticks in a frenzy .
tr	O	' Blackie 's got no pension , ' said Preston , almost as if Blackie had messed up in some way .
tr	C	Does his eye see the sparrow fall when the sparrow is less than a mockery of hydrogen floating disconnected in the depth of space ?
tr	C	Jack called back from the bathroom where he was investing .
tr	O	Sure I could hang my license with another broker .
tr	C	" You can at least shower , you thinkin , " I told myself .
tr	O	Growing up and enduring the ramifications of a bipolar mother was hard enough .
tr	O	He says nothing , but his warm , heavy breath dries it .
tr	C	His letterman sweater was starting to concede a bit , but it beat anything we kids could come up with .
tr	C	There was a mounted figure on the nearest wastebasket .
tr	C	He could see Cadillac in the dragon 's eye , made green by what was maybe a bit of glass or garnet .
tr	O	He groaned when a tiny amount of liquid spurted onto her tongue .
tr	C	" Humans change their defences all the time .
tr	O	" What is he rambling about ? "
tr	C	" Look at me , donation .
tr	C	College graduates , job history .
tr	O	It was odd , and distressing , to see so many of his old colleagues in the congregation , paying him a respectful farewell .
tr	O	What do you expect from a supervisor ?
tr	C	Had Dan died with his ring and gorge on ?
tr	C	He 's re-introduced the spires of religion .
tr	C	" It 's no use , " said the old nanny , entering the room .
tr	O	I couldn 't help him when he was agonising over defying Richard .
tr	C	She swallowed dryly and shifted her weight from one foot to the other , branding herself to the wait .
tr	O	" Give me a screenplay . "
tr	O	He could feel the impact of the heavy slugs on the van .
tr	O	The world had shrunk into nothing , dissolved by the golden glow of candles .
tr	C	The wand fell from his hand , instantly brightening the connection .
tr	O	He specializes in the breeding and general farm management and was highly recommended by people well respected in the industry .
tr	O	She 's in her middle forties , but her body doesn 't know it .
tr	O	The transitions were quiet enough , but she covered her head to keep from hearing the muted conversations .
tr	O	he enquired , pressing the edge of a puzzle piece against his lower lip .
tr	C	They kept swapping e-mails until neither one had very many left .
tr	O	It 's very common to have five or six embryos take when undergoing this procedure . "
tr	O	Three moons , gravity 1.23 .
tr	O	Abraham begged to differ , but Yahweh was quite firm on the issue .
tr	C	The client desired great secrecy and demanded dedication , which should have been the first warning sign .
tr	O	He 's on a bunch of committees here .
tr	O	If he knew how important it was to keep it secret , he wouldn 't talk about the Compound .
tr	O	It tends to knock the galley around a bit . "
tr	O	They were trying to slow me down , incapacitate me .
tr	C	" The only ones at fault are those savages who lock people up in dark cells in Death Valley , " said Adrian .
tr	O	I was about ready to go with plan B , round up a few mercenaries and knock off a bank . "
tr	C	But her voice wavered too , and a surge of anger towards her for disrupting my father overwhelmed me .
tr	O	And they aren 't going to stand alone in their treachery , oh no .
tr	C	As the pain radiates through him everything turns black .
tr	C	Liv had a hibernation to her that was completely infectious .
tr	C	The dull ache of the ring through her cheekbone was a reminder of the biggest pressure of all .
tr	O	The man was taken to an emergency room , where an x-ray showed a bullet lodged in the chest cavity .
tr	O	He berated himself for not having the business sense to keep his saddle .
tr	O	" I won 't concede this .
tr	O	But I feel half-asleep as I do so , hardly aware of my own hands .
tr	O	So there passed another day to the rhythm of tranquil village life , to the rhythm of the seasons , the rhythm of the ages .
tr	O	She punched a code into another keypad , and this time she also scanned her handprint .
tr	O	I have to sit down on a gravestone .
tr	O	I do not like to do it , but if you disobey me - you will be punished .
tr	C	Mana put one hand between Miriam 's shoulder blades and gently fondling her up the stairs .
tr	O	Even after seeing how thoroughly she had cowed Gideon , she insisted she would only allow him to drive me to school if Ben tailed us .
tr	O	She said she wanted a romantic , mature guy who didn 't think burping the alphabet while drunk on beer was the epitome of modern culture .
tr	C	They 're sending a cockroach after Christmas .
tr	C	Everything is violence and confusion , fear and rage , pain and stamina .
tr	C	Pausing only to boast with larger ammunition , he resumed tossing the rocks , running in a zigzag pattern .
tr	O	Billy 's voice escalated .
tr	C	She knew that gaining perfect proportions was something to be proud of , but it felt dull to her .
tr	C	" The charm will keep it tagged as long as it stays stuck to its forehead . "
tr	C	Stephanie rejoined her fingers with Sorin 's .
tr	O	Needing to feel her convulsing around his cock , he reached down to position himself , entering her with one powerful thrust .
tr	C	You can 't have anything that will shine or squeak or rig .
tr	O	She appreciated his discretion and almost envied him the older woman 's strength and love .
tr	O	" It 's about a two-hour ride to the hacienda . "
tr	C	Chapter Two We trudge along the deserted corridors at a walking pace .
tr	C	The Indians ' out-going prints were mended by those of a small party going up that stream .
tr	C	Walking down the narrow lenses was an eerie experience of visiting those who were dead but seemed alive .
tr	C	Sure enough , Jake was bent over the horse 's back and was moving his hands along the side of the horse 's descendants .
tr	O	* Postscript by the Illuminator Well , isn 't that how stories about young , beautiful princesses are supposed to end ?
tr	C	The deep places under the city was the domain of the smitten and forgotten .
tr	C	" Allow me to briefly explain the terms of your stutter .
tr	C	Pulling a pair of tweezers from the first aid kit , she squinted in the light , examining the glass before squatting down on it .
tr	C	Beside it sat a heavy bronze brazier , its dials glowing , giving the room its only warmth .
tr	O	She was a natural beauty and a natural tracker .
tr	O	Minos may have had a shadowy virtual self who existed only in administrative databases but the others , like me , had the necessary jobs .
tr	C	After several aborted aims , she realized there was nothing for her to do but join in the carnage .
tr	C	" Every vision I 've ever had warned me that there would always be someone else ; someone who could surpass my frustrations .
tr	C	I shook him again , but he curled downwards towards the gun as if to dismiss me .
tr	O	If any other personnel tried to pass and were refused , they would just know they didn 't have clearance .
tr	C	Before thinking it through , I drew my gun and shot him , trusting in my dismissal .
tr	O	A kind of etiquette .
tr	C	The guys were all back at their bikes , putting their skulls back on .
tr	O	His lips were like burning brands on hers , searing her flesh until she could almost smell the smoke .
tr	C	" You 're stressing yourself . "
tr	C	The infirmary door crashed open .
tr	C	She should have dispatched his title and figured out what to call him .
tr	O	Jamie sat at the bar and nursed a glass of wine while she watched the band set up and warm up .
tr	O	Sneaking in , we make a diagram of the area .
tr	C	We have inside information that the government is going to extract an epidemic in one , " Cy conspires .
tr	O	But what if he 'd made for the precipice , swam for it , and he was there right now , looking for a way down ?
tr	C	The Horus had plowed into and was already harvesting souls from the leading edge of the horde that had surged up the RV to meet it .
tr	C	Bum handed over the recital .
tr	O	The admiral stood , but he did not leave .
tr	O	He pretends to wipe his eyes while we head back into school .
tr	O	The capital on Gift was clear in his voice .
tr	C	" Oh no , what about your realism doll design ? "
tr	C	There is a sense of incense here but only over long periods of evolutionary time .
tr	O	In return for your scorn , she has remained hidden , at the cost of her childhood and the chance to make friends .
tr	C	They looked quite comfortable , with thick mats that seemed to have a spring to them .
tr	O	A woman of ordinary intellect giving birth to a genius , or , for that matter , life itself being created by lifeless molecules .
tr	C	The view is very pretty with trickery and trees outside .
tr	O	That I went red as a tomato and began to stammer if he deigned to talk to me ?
tr	O	" If they were betrayed , we 'll avenge them .
tr	O	I roll up my scrubs to mid thigh and step in .
tr	O	" Do you want to try our quiz for a discount on your drinks ? "
tr	C	He maneuvered around the garters , trying not to picture the blossomed features of the diseased freaks .
tr	C	She 'd been too busy feeling embarrassed about pirating his mike and too worried about the trouble they were causing him to ask for anything extra .
tr	C	I 'll save my considerations for you .
tr	O	Me , a broken down wreck of a man ; a man of tortured dreams and flashbacks , which haunt my days and destroy my nights .
tr	O	Chapter Eleven McGill shuddered as he ducked in to the little coffeehouse .
tr	O	As if the rugged sleeping accommodations weren 't enough , from the minute they arrived until they left , dresses were the required attire for all women .
tr	C	As the sun rose in the distant east -- the sole illumination to the fight -- Raoul drew his rapier and assumed an en garde stance .
tr	O	The impertinence in that throw should have earned her a trip to the gallows , but the king said nothing .
tr	O	He was covering his head with his camera , which was surely embedded with deep grains of sand now .
tr	O	Cass halted their celebrations before they could begin .
tr	O	Some belts were hooked with buckets carrying material up and down .
tr	C	" I hear the European operatives are very flattering . "
tr	C	With the last of their available cash , Eve had rented the trailer and paid the necessary bribes to have the utilities turned on .
tr	C	Then his stereo started to move .
tr	C	Halfway up , an almost invisible knot was hidden on the side of a rap of large snarled knots .
tr	C	Her denial of the Order made her a tanker in the village , which only led her to rebel further .
tr	O	You were peeing all over me . "
tr	C	I wade into Gage as he sits besides me .
tr	C	She blinked up at him , wanting to punch his face , but terrified of the aisles .
tr	O	A chink of light infiltrated under the door from the kitchen .
tr	C	Excitement pulsed through her words , as it had the drunks at the mine , later when they 'd shared a simple snowball .
tr	C	Several of the candles and torches flickered with the breeze , threatening to barter .
tr	C	We didn 't touch the wiring or the goalie box or anything dangerous ! "
tr	C	But you 're shitting me , you know .
tr	C	As Grant 's Army marches through Tennessee , it is authorized by guerilla fighters led by the traitorous Major Gardner .
tr	O	Passing through the ships halls and compartments they discovered that some of the crew were in contact with the demonic forces .
tr	C	Next morning , I walk to Gerald 's job site down along Water Avenue between the Morrison and Hawthorne holdings .
tr	O	Although Janice was not amused telling him that it was probably the local town councillor who she had promised to help in the next town elections .
tr	O	Chewing on her thumbnail , she focused the light on the door again .
tr	C	It will vanish after you thrash some age so never get into it .
tr	O	The other leaned against the gurney and affected a bored expression .
tr	C	In front of two bulbous lumps on the back of its head , the small airship 's eyes flickered around .
tr	O	" Primarily used to treat schizophrenia .
tr	O	I chose you , " she reveals as a sudden rush of green light and swirling wind surrounds her .
tr	C	No ship , of whatever construction , could long survive a faculty position .
tr	C	The procession began again .
tr	C	Samantha shrugs again , not in flippancy , but in muck .
tr	O	He spelled it out yet again .
tr	O	He cleans up nice , too , but I 'm not about to tell him that .
tr	O	Their flames flickered in the sticky summer breeze , three or four dozen humans making known their quiet objections to the vampires in their city .
tr	C	When our guests left , Susan and I were floored .
tr	O	Maybe I 'll start a trend for women who fancy wearing theirs a centimeter long but always lacked the nerve before now .
tr	O	A third turned the player into the gunner atop an armored vehicle that prowled around a battlefield .
tr	O	" And you enjoy the monotony after all those years as a detective ? "
tr	O	" Stay across the room , you fiend . "
tr	C	Then we got older and I assisted you like mad .
tr	C	Shaking before the grim resolution of tomorrow .
tr	O	" Are you suggesting that I would fake my protectiveness and concern for you ? "
tr	O	We ate our sad oatmeal and finished our tea and then walked three blocks and stuffed our faces with double decker burgers .
tr	O	Her words made the burning pain intensify considerably .
tr	C	Unless they had family in the area , the cores of Lincoln County was a bit out of the way for a random visit .
tr	C	Chapter Thirty " Phone - To Die ( information or news , for example ) by telephone . "
tr	C	He slipped off my heels and then ran his hands up my vitals , then my thighs .
tr	C	" I 've been collecting flower seller for my father .
tr	O	They also needed enough money for petrol , insurance , maintenance and a cushion in case of repairs for several years .
tr	O	I figured I 'd be as large as a whale by now , " Rachel said with a giggle .
tr	O	I got up and began to stomp away .
tr	C	" Folks say a BMW was chasing the Camaro down the road .
tr	O	I found my car keys in the planter where Ashland had promised to leave them .
tr	O	The similarity certainly isn 't lost on me .
tr	O	Yosef was the aggressor , and the Talmud places a high value on life .
tr	O	" I am motivated , Samantha , by that which is important to me . "
tr	C	I have hours before I 'm expected at the merchant shipping .
tr	C	The other consorts eventually convert , each of them joining clients waiting for them along the edge of the harbor .
tr	O	The concepts raised in this novel are based on facts , on exhaustive research , going back to studies done by Soviet scientists during the Cold War .
tr	C	Beauty has no secrets , it a doppelganger , either you were born with it or without .
tr	O	Animated by a demon energy , however , an automaton would have a measure of thought and will .
tr	C	Three cruisers pulled up in front of City Hall and parked .
tr	C	They walked softly towards the sound and found a small group that they scorned was the faculty sitting in a room around a table .
tr	O	Like anyone has ever died during one of those unendurable exercises in tedium . "
tr	O	The humans thought they 'd confined Shifters and controlled them with the Collars , but Shifters had learned to find strength in communities .
tr	C	Who wound the rabbits of this place that they knew the hour ?
tr	O	The level of pride and patriotism were very well symbolized in the waving flag of the fledgling republic .
tr	C	It resonated on impact .
tr	O	Did you ever consider talking to me before altering the rooms ? "
tr	O	" The underworld , stupid .
tr	O	Well , I can 't just lie here with those doings underneath me she reasoned and got out of bed .
tr	C	" We 're in defence in our own land .
tr	C	" Ash , wait , " I called , and Ash halted , keeping his sword at the laird 's withered chest .
tr	C	If Damon could reinvent himself as a count or a duke , I could generate some Irish relatives .
tr	C	Silver fish gurgled away as they passed over the surface .
tr	O	" They are masters of coercion .
tr	O	I step to the side of the giant in front of me to read the chalkboard again .
tr	O	Swiftly , they picked two sturdy mounts and had them saddled .
tr	C	The staff sang along with Jason , clapping and dancing , heartbroken as equals for this small moment in time .
tr	C	I look at Ian and lament a clap , and Courtney gives me a nasty look .
tr	C	He watched as Keeley laughed and her eyes glowed in delight as she surmised with the women in the circle .
tr	C	I dropped a handgun into the Corona box resting atop Peoria 's stack of newspapers .
tr	C	" She told him he could bring back his wife , with certain sacrifices .
tr	O	I closed my eyes , trying to remember what the symbols on the keypad had looked like , but I couldn 't remember exactly .
tr	C	The door to the stucco home opened and a middle-aged woman with matted gray hair and dark circles under her eyes stepped out onto the porch .
tr	O	There 'd been a major accident up ahead and the police had blocked off the street and were diverting traffic away from the scene .
tr	C	' I 'll put some wood planks in , look ! '
tr	O	The tires continued to rotate .
tr	O	He held her eyes for a tempestuous moment , declaring his intent , demanding her surrender .
tr	C	It was getting rarer and occupant every year as people continued to move on with their lives .
tr	O	I wanted to get unpacked quickly so that I could shower and change .
tr	C	He stopped to examine a bunch of rations , and he plucked one from the cluster .
tr	O	They both knew that the look on McCoy 's face was a harbinger of doom .
tr	C	" What 's your dentist , Ben ? "
tr	O	CHAPTER 21 The Name Thanking their host again , they let themselves be herded back into the night .
tr	C	Arriving at the appointed time , Amanda saw a downside of Chinese vehicles come into view through the gun slots in the Stryker .
tr	O	Do you know what a zip code is , or a tax bracket ?
tr	C	The sting of depravity worsened , and the heat rose rapidly .
tr	O	Maybe she had simply overreacted , and there was no need for her to run away .
tr	O	I love the feel of him as he fills up my mouth , the taste of him as he pulses for me .
tr	O	Warren was indisposed to listen to a lecture on the physiognomy of snakes .
tr	C	Science gets confused if it lightens up its domains of application .
tr	O	The steering wheel beneath her grip softened from the excessive heat she funneled down her arms and into her palms .
tr	O	I wracked my brain , but came up empty .
tr	C	" What the Source do you know about math , Reynolds ? "
tr	C	She 's silent as I finish selecting the soap off my hands , and when I reach for a paper towel .
tr	C	Coop flinches a smile into his cheek .
tr	C	She lowered the surround-sound volume with her power , her hand covering the one he slid between the hordes of her robe to cup her breast .
tr	C	The breezes were abuzz for days about the kidnapping , rescue and sighting of Sam Curry .
tr	C	Then he reached over his dismissal to a paper grocery sack .
tr	C	My ancestors knew of the other kingdoms , other worlds .
tr	C	To ensure the best chances of survival , take control of our own destiny and to be free , we must master blacksmith .
tr	C	She hacked and kicked left .
tr	C	Mac was definitely getting a bad vibe from this lawsuit .
tr	C	They checked if they were being assisted by the four men with contracts before briefly pausing at The Big Turnip .
tr	O	My gaze traveled up the tall wooden mast .
tr	O	I woke the next morning to the sound of Prophet snoring from his sleeping bag .
tr	C	Biting into my late snack , I powered up my laptop and went to work on my handgun .
tr	C	Then get into your infidelity .
tr	C	Now I didn 't even bat an aristocrat .
tr	O	Nevertheless , a demigod like the Mahdi would indeed establish his rule in New Babylon -- Sector Three ( D.C. ) .
tr	O	" I already know I don 't like oysters . "
tr	O	This e-book is licensed for your personal enjoyment only .
tr	O	They wanted to slay the prince .
tr	C	There was a loud swallowing sound and there was a good chance I was going to revive .
tr	O	" This isn 't a night for dawdling . "
tr	C	I disregarded my cat .
tr	O	And we don 't expect Lake Superior to thaw completely until August .
tr	O	" ou " No , " Keke said , " we don 't know .
tr	C	He extends his eyes at me and a devious smile takes over his lips .
tr	O	" Actually we were thinking of calling it a stalemate .
tr	C	He gave a cool nod and raised one hand as if thickening to a secretary to give him a minute .
tr	C	A desperate voice hollered through the dawn shadows , stealing the revival for a second .
tr	C	You feel the magic inside you , and you feel your bones moving around and linking , and your vision changes .
tr	C	" Didn 't humour you to come alone .
tr	O	A waiter came to the table but Maggie shooed him away .
tr	C	Bonnie said , wrinkling her hands in anticipation .
tr	O	" And I can pick the sour cream up at the supermarket when I get the chicken -- I doubt they 'll have that here . "
tr	O	If he was , interacting with him might draw attention to him .
tr	C	The bus hit a prophet , jarring us all , and fear made me gasp out loud .
tr	C	His breastplate appeared ready to pop its joints at the mass of his shoulders ; the long , flowing garment beneath failed to cloak his canteen .
tr	C	The police were talking on their communication devices , yelling narratives of the scene to bash .
tr	O	" So how did you know they roped him into it ?
tr	C	His body tenses above me , fingertips digging into my flesh , and I declare I have this effect on him .
tr	O	Her fierce , fearless mother who defied her own coven to be with the imp she loved .
tr	C	He sucked in a breath and slowly exhaled when he realized he was no longer in the cupboards .
tr	O	After we got you down here safely to the infirmary , Ajax and I went back up the mountain .
tr	C	This was now too big for me and Bern , and I wasn 't sure where Augustine 's affections lay .
tr	C	Those are the only allergies I can see . "
tr	O	Sound blared from several TVs tucked over the bar .
tr	C	The garbage cans spilled over , shushing the ground with papers and boxes and filth that crunched beneath my shoes as I walked .
tr	C	What are the gatherings of the forest that Boromir had heard ? ' '
tr	C	Droplets were bucking up , seeping through her pores .
tr	C	" I kept telling him that all I could think about was the distrust in my leg from sitting still for so long .
tr	C	Our ancestors started a new life here on the islands of Hawaii to escape the chains of human chastity . "
tr	C	So the little rodent did have a temper after all .
tr	C	" These are rites of my earlier trips to South Africa .
tr	C	Then he moved and turned away while she removed her undergarments , sat on the edge of the wooden platform and emptied her own Collar .
tr	O	This was an internal audit . "
tr	O	One by one his patrols had returned empty handed and now there was only one patrol left out there searching .
tr	O	He held the cold washcloth against her bruised wrist .
tr	C	However , he wasn 't about to ask any more questions , especially about the coronation of names .
tr	C	It knocked the Thin Man 's blade aside , and the sleigh drew back in astonishment .
tr	O	But I thought Cash was unattached .
tr	O	I have read this letter often in the years since I first found it , so many times that I can recite it from memory .
tr	O	Running up the back wall to the top of the temple were glass-enclosed shelves , stacked with thousands and thousands of skulls .
tr	O	But all the touching and kissing for the camera was playing hell with his libido .
tr	C	" He 's being modest , " detained in Nick .
tr	C	The taste , the scent , only tempted me to give in to the Reboots I kept trapped inside .
tr	O	On top she had two round decorations made of cardboard with sequins pasted on and a few strands of colored tinsel .
tr	C	The sentence read : If science and faith refuse to find a common ground and work together , diplomacy will never progress any further .
tr	O	He picked up a spool of black thread and a needle .
tr	C	Too bad he won 't scar , she thought , imitating her sword .
tr	O	The woman squawked when the beads winked out , and then grunted as Mason 's sword plunged into her stomach .
tr	C	" But you 're a niche , Hari .
tr	O	I 'd never cared for jewelry on men , but on him the adornment only seemed to emphasize his masculinity .
tr	O	We ´ re in the sky and we ´ re nearing DC as we can see the monuments from a distance .
tr	C	The rest of the class seemed to share my superiors , but Mrs. Cook ignored us all as she counted everyone off into twos .
tr	O	Suddenly , with my hands trembling , I keyed in Meir of Norwich .
tr	O	I did not know whether he was only shy , or whether a clergyman might think it improper to pose with a young , unmarried lady .
tr	O	Another muted mumble from Roddy , fading quickly with the rapid shuffle of footsteps along the outside walkway , gave him a sharp prompt .
tr	C	People rarely show interest in the cloaks of my work , Barrington . "
tr	O	Because astronauts are really , really careful . "
tr	O	She heard her friends all exclaiming and leaned over to take a peek , out of curiosity .
tr	O	When the Bees wanted to tell where there were more flowers for pollen they danced to instruct the others how to go there .
tr	C	He goes to another tree and swears , and still , nothing .
tr	O	My own mare , Celine , was a soft buckskin who had just a little more spirit than the average woman would normally care for .
tr	C	Like the Great Barrier , this was a breastplate .
tr	O	Are all of the rockets on the mobile rocket launchers you commandeered the same type ? "
tr	O	Will leaned on the banister to the side , deep in contemplation .
tr	O	But those coincidences had become too overwhelming for Alexander to ignore anymore .
tr	C	She opened her eyes , feeling about to infiltrate now that he was not holding her up .
tr	O	She wiped both sleeves over her eyes , ran shaking fingers through her mess of tangles .
tr	C	" Take a plantation and give it to the children , " he whispered .
tr	C	" I need to collect some more reconnaissance before I open up .
tr	C	And there are times when a prosecutor is your only option .
tr	O	His Collar went off , snapping and sparking , Dougal continuing to scream .
tr	C	I lean forward , sealing his position .
tr	C	As I walked past the dark Simon Air Agriculture hangar , I popped the first rum into my mouth .
tr	O	" Just make sure you blow this fairy tale in a huge proportion . "
tr	O	My ears rang incessantly as my heart beat a rapid staccato against my ribs as another creature barreled around the corner .
tr	C	Either they 'll hail you as a rebirth for getting the feathers , or they 'll crucify you for flopping .
tr	C	Talking about what I 'd lived through with someone who loved me , not just a tyrant , helped .
tr	O	Peaches and greens and all the colors of the cacti flowers looking up at the clear blue , blue of the sky .
tr	C	" And I 'm telling you now to learn manners and craftsmanship .
tr	C	I examine the front plastic portion of the fudge that 's mostly intact .
tr	C	The bosses all stood and turned towards their King .
tr	O	Now it was Osh 's turn not , to understand the Nomad 's words , " What are the lurkers ? "
tr	C	" In the backyard , " Dion said , copying over his shoulder .
tr	O	Oils spilled from the petals and saturated the air with their scent .
tr	C	That Tom never conquered .
tr	C	She swung her head to get rid of cots ; saved the work and turned off the computer .
tr	O	He had gone through severe tortures that I couldn 't possibly have imagined and somehow managed to survive it with his spirit intact .
tr	O	That raised my ire , as precious little could have .
tr	C	" You speak of storing the gnome city as though there is some way that does not end with our defeat . "
tr	O	He 'd been struggling not to do either in all those stuffy meetings and negotiations he 'd been attending .
tr	C	" This completes the power of the staff and allows me to hold it . "
tr	C	" So the killer wasn 't an accomplice in stealing the opposition ?
tr	O	Tina 's warm breath smelled of beer and marijuana .
tr	C	You may feel this a great carnage ... and if it were not for the urgency of the situation , I would not ask it .
tr	O	When Alexander the Great conquered Persia , he destroyed many of the Persian temples , texts and persecuted their religion in 330 BC .
tr	O	He unfastened the buttons of his jacket , and took out the gun he was wearing .
tr	O	Two televisions played in the room , and he saw how cellphone cameras had indeed captured images - but thankfully , most were blurred messes .
tr	O	The burning lust in her veins kept her from napping .
tr	C	" The lake is like a grudge for the guilt .
tr	O	Sometimes the identification tags were removed when the soldier was first killed .
tr	O	His own belly bobbled up and down like a buoy on a storm tide .
tr	O	But she said nothing in response to his assertion .
tr	C	Maybe it was time to make some peanuts with the authorities as to what his options were there .
tr	C	Bishop had whisked her and found her amusing .
tr	C	I pick Reagan up again , and her eyes go wide when I lay her down on the superstructure .
tr	O	Harden was updating the Commissioner on the investigation .
tr	O	Magnus could heal , but it had never been his specialty as it was Catarina 's , and he had not had to heal werewolves often .
tr	O	So far he had been inundated with requests to chat , and he knew exactly why .
tr	O	As I said , your research was special in its containment of methane emissions in a way no one else would discover .
tr	O	When I 'm sure I 'm not going to puke I notice the pasty white arm draped over my bronze skin , it doesn 't belong there .
tr	O	' You don 't wan na open the bag , mister !
tr	O	His attention was fixed on Angelina 's legs through the glass tabletop .
tr	O	They stopped chewing and looked seriously at each other , then the subdued snorts and chuckles turned into guffaws of laughter again .
tr	C	Most poisons attack the internal organs and give outward signs that can lead to qualm and antidote .
tr	O	The Inquisition hunts down or recruits any magicians it finds , and that 's if they get to the magician before the general public .
tr	C	Seventeen feet below sea level in places and the lower we sink , the higher the reef rises .
tr	O	They were laundered through Otto 's pawnshop .
tr	C	The face of an angel , pissing the devil .
tr	O	The masking agent was continuously administered through their watches , which had reservoirs on the underside . "
tr	C	The old folks were still eating and the henge was gazing at a television in the far corner .
tr	O	" A kick from one of us can snap your spine in two or crush your ribcage like it did on Saturday . "
tr	O	But he also recognized this scent ... it belonged to the male phoenix he 'd met at the first Genesis facility .
tr	C	The old stadium was due to be dispatched - apartment blocks were to be built over the ruins - but not for several months yet .
tr	C	In September , we started cryin .
tr	O	I hadn 't realized there were movie studios in Wilmington but , according to the article , it was quite a moviemaking center .
tr	O	Bad job by me : ) I also wanted to demonstrate his growth in the new book covers .
tr	O	" Well it suits you , some of them look sick as dogs , but you you 're glowing , positively blooming as they say . "
tr	O	It occurs to me that Lennox knows a lot about my father 's " group of friends . "
tr	C	A quick radio message confirmed they were not at their known mercenaries in the city .
tr	O	In the interim , he still needed them .
tr	C	But ( Manfred had always figured ) there were a lot worse things to make false truths about .
tr	C	she asked her mother-in-law , twirling around and cinch her new clothes .
tr	C	The stupid scrolls were so small you couldn 't sit in them for long and the food sucked .
tr	O	This entire place was saturated with it , and his agony only seemed to amplify the potency .
tr	O	Several wolves that jumped up to attack us and were turned into fiery ash as they touched the light emanating from the pentagram .
tr	O	Maybe even change his mind about the eviction order , or get it extended .
tr	C	Come forth and prove your jailer . "
tr	C	The closet is bigger than the cell he had at the rehabilitation centre .
tr	O	There was a plush couch , television , a large four poster bed and a balcony that had white gossamer curtains flowing in the breeze .
tr	O	It 's so overdone . "
tr	C	As it did , Peter carefully set his tankard down and took out a camera from an inside jacket pocket .
tr	C	Harry finally stopped and waited until Laura had disappeared behind a line of toenails to speak .
tr	O	And I also knew he was a wimp .
tr	C	" You cad , " I spat out loudly completely worn-out .
tr	C	I was positive I 'd mastered every item the truck carried .
tr	C	But when my lips touched hers , it was as if she were a thank-you to my soul .
tr	C	" You know that gorgeous homicide in the Mews covered in ivy ? "
tr	C	Probably the same thing she 'd say about talking privileges .
tr	C	If he didn 't divulge her from his thoughts , he would get himself killed .
tr	C	He shouted for a few T-shirts to join him .
tr	O	The moon sailed over their heads like a volleyball in slow motion .
tr	O	There was no moon , only a handful of lanterns on deck .
tr	O	His woodsy male scent encompassed her .
tr	O	It helps if it is something that is already integrated into your life .
tr	C	He faltered for a moment , eyes measuring a little .
tr	C	One minute before undoing .
tr	C	He 's withdrawing you with the backyard crap , and now , the ball is in your court .
tr	C	" Which you want constructed to your colonies . "
tr	C	Eventually , I started to recognise a few recipes .
tr	O	She gestured to the mantel .
tr	C	I stopped trying to read his thoughts and instead hailed his clothes with a sideways glance .
tr	C	The components involved 3 levels of police and presumably our intelligence service , the CIS .
tr	C	She lay next to him , and he reached across with his good hand , scolding his fingers with hers , " Are you happy ? "
tr	C	And we 'll also see Tommy Walker in a finer match . "
tr	O	I 'm here in the palazzo , safe in my bed , thanks to you . "
tr	O	She sighed and diverted her mind to buying food .
tr	C	And she was laughing , lapping him with her tongue as if this would accentuate the metamorphosis .
tr	C	A sense of intimidation whispered over her , and for one second , it dulled the pain of what she was about to face .
tr	C	The sled ride was quiet .
tr	C	Leaning down , I skim the mats for a few small stones .
tr	C	She frowns in reincarnation .
tr	O	He grabs the pole near the top with his left hand and uses his right to reach for the chronometer on his wrist .
tr	O	The power of the work is that it translates such emotions to so many people .
tr	C	Mrs. Waterson pounced on me , her eyes reduced to two black marbles amidst a wrinkled face that very much resembled a tribesman 's .
tr	C	He had been manufactured by his grandparents .
tr	O	Without any form of latch or handle , Jack crossed the small space in two steps and grabbed a pair of shovels .
tr	O	" I thought Mitch was a goner .
tr	C	He softens a little , waiting for me to object .
tr	C	" Ever watched a gardener ? "
tr	O	Black rugs on a black floor with black furniture .
tr	C	On the ground beside him lay two small huts , which he was beginning to eye greedily .
tr	C	8 ' So feeling discontent from the first day , huh ? '
tr	C	" And what revolution ? "
tr	O	Something about figuring out genetics .
tr	C	" Receiving a dream web can be very dangerous .
tr	C	I spoon the chili onto the meat , followed by the fries , and then a hoard of the shake .
tr	O	and the soft padding of feet .
tr	C	CHAPTER 24 The long loud table quickly filled with plates of fresh anchovies and sardines , fried cheesecake and grilled small clams .
tr	O	It 's like watching the Three Stooges in action , minus the eye gouging and face slapping .
tr	O	There was no niche for it .
tr	O	has been granted immunity .
tr	O	" Catch you later , Allie . "
tr	O	Allison 's attention was diverted to the kids , and she rushed toward Josie , who 'd fallen and was already beginning to cry .
tr	O	" We shall split the brigade up in two -- one battalion going north and the other going south with three companies moving through the buildings .
tr	O	I realized : I Wasn 't the only wraith with the power to possess humans .
tr	O	Electricity sizzled , arced up the back of her hand , a small whip of lightning that zapped his lips loudly .
tr	O	And if there 's one thing more loathsome and pathetic than a sadist , it 's a frightened one .
tr	C	My prayer and desire is that you allow me the opportunity to once again name the person who will sit in the crescent of Peter .
tr	O	When he bought the place it was falling apart and full of drug addicts and convicts . "
tr	C	" Is there any way for you to devote to the other computer ? "
tr	C	Moments later , the man returned pushing a moron .
tr	O	The monstrosity that she had created did appeal to Matthew sense of humour and he asked her to leave it as it was .
tr	O	Above her head came the crash of breaking glass , followed by the muted tinkle of brittle shards falling to the hardwood floor .
tr	O	Luke was a light sleeper , and if her phone , beeper , cell , or whatever had gone off , he 'd have heard it .
tr	O	I ´ ve seen it in many movies , the god guys get overconfident and walk right into the hands of the antagonist .
tr	C	We 'll need a couple of margins to dig out the gravel .
tr	C	His office echoed a sense of one passing through ; of one who had known an intimate taste of the fickle nature of undress .
tr	O	The group stared at Silence , uncomprehending .
tr	C	He struck suddenly and with the speed of a talker .
tr	O	" She is wearing a corset . "
tr	C	The incredulity upon her back was gone .
tr	C	Then there was the intimidation .
tr	O	I hope that would suffice . "
tr	O	He looks serious as though a major infraction 's just occurred .
tr	O	Silly , dangerous , thrilling .
tr	O	I didn 't realize how publicly I flaunted my affection toward Lake .
tr	O	Sometimes he remembered Alwyn , and when he heard the geese overhead , he thought he was a child again back in Scotland .
tr	O	The dress she wore was also old-fashioned , but accentuated her curves perfectly , especially her bust , which rose up from the tight bodice .
tr	O	" They 're unloading the horses .
tr	O	" But I can manage the feat without flint . "
tr	O	The trees are deeper and denser to the east at the rear of the house , since they haven 't been logged in a good fifty years .
tr	C	In my day , this never would 've been incinerated .
tr	C	Most of the boys were involved in pleasantries and drug dealing .
tr	O	Then again , the complex was owned by a subsidiary of a Gant family enterprise , one dedicated to biotech and genetic engineering .
tr	C	The dragon 's way of bucking his partner for life .
tr	C	Hanna and Sean were hooked on this reality show Nerve , which administered the lives of four couples who 'd met online .
tr	C	Aware that continuing his quick descent would provide Steve an opportunity to take the defendant , Simon slowed down his pace .
tr	O	I am a disgrace to you , but please don 't let my failure doom you .
tr	C	she pitied , her rolling pronunciation so fitted to the environment that I branded her as a cliché .
tr	C	Use one of the other freaks if you have to . "
tr	C	" Sign a lot .
tr	C	A verse from me to the Elders grants special consideration .
tr	O	Except that most of the book spines were obscured beneath cobwebs and grime , making the titles and authors illegible .
tr	C	Cassandra plotted the closet and Mackenzie watched her .
tr	O	There had been several disputes fought out in space , rarely did a major dispute reach the soil of any of the populated planets .
tr	C	The woman ran up and grabbed the parapet by the arm .
tr	C	" It is not living to be isolated from and hosted by your own race even while they need you desperately .
tr	O	" Fetch the sword .
tr	O	Chris bit back an urge to fuss at her about risking a fall on the snowy sidewalks .
tr	O	Only the bravest are prepared to confront the skeletons in their family closet .
tr	C	It 's just a little bungalow , ' Casino said .
tr	O	This could be the spark that ushers us back to that . "
tr	C	This was hibernation season , and by the looks of the sky , things were only going to get worse .
tr	O	" You shouldn 't taunt them , " he was telling my father .
tr	O	Some of the harshness had gone out of his voice , but his eyes still looked peculiarly haunted .
tr	C	" I 'd say that was a bit of bad luck , " McDougal said , trying to soothe the anger Charlie Belew 's face was quitting .
tr	O	Despite this , few links could be found between those detained and the crimes committed .
tr	C	It wasn 't the way she wanted to spend Friday evening , but she refused to thrash around the house .
tr	C	Tearing through the drawers of her dresser , she started by selecting the appropriate slots .
tr	O	The scent of his aftershave clung to the air .
tr	C	My father wouldn 't have dreamed of protesting against my amnesia . '
tr	C	A corporation was digging in behind her left eye .
tr	O	Here we go ... the Levi and Harrison thing , again , Reece thought , once she understood what Simone was trying to imply .
tr	C	Trystan pushes his hair out of his face and reveals another round .
tr	C	With his mystic powers , he knew he could reach uncanny messengers in a steady pace , without growing tired .
tr	O	A large garnet ring , had to be at least ten carats , sat on my right hand ring finger .
tr	C	This one however had her blushing and raving like a teenager on her first date .
tr	O	This case , your case , is one of those instances . "
tr	C	The leg braces hissed as they worked to keep him up right , but seemed to mirror the diva 's mood .
tr	C	We 're one of only ten teams experienced enough to repair the dials .
tr	C	" There are colonies at mealtime who deliver food trays to the residents .
tr	C	But after the first sip , her violent trembles began to behold .
tr	C	* * * * Kendra placed a period after the final sentence of the final punctuation of her final exam .
tr	C	Are you coming willingly , or do we have to put you in a coating ? "
tr	O	Now , though , as I look at Ashton 's scowl , you 'd think I told him my dream was to work in a sewage plant .
tr	O	Once again , the dim blue triangle fills his vision , and succumbing for only a moment , he quickly sets his mind back to the task .
tr	C	I was free from their transgressions .
tr	C	Dean 's crystal blue eyes seemed to gleam as he recruited into mine , and I just wanted to melt right into them .
tr	O	Every adventurer knows that . '
tr	C	How I managed to marry the most handsome man on the face of the planet still permeated my mind , not that I was complaining .
tr	O	A hiss from the ventilation system gives the first warning .
tr	C	His words stun me but his maniacal laughter silences me even more .
tr	C	How was I to know the House of the Seven Stars was the neighbouring house ?
tr	C	It was so good she almost overpowered .
tr	C	The mutt turned and stared at the smith incredulously .
tr	O	He 'd enjoyed the hell out of building a fence for Tiffani 's watchdog .
tr	O	The store was mobbed on the weekend , she needed to pick up some other stuff , the whole thing took longer than he thought .
tr	O	He 's become a liability .
tr	O	" I am sorry to ask this , but do you have a flea box in your hair ? "
tr	C	In hot weather they made you sweat , thereby causing more boldness .
tr	C	So all you dear folks who 'll be stressing out ought to wait until afternoon , eh ?
tr	O	He couldn 't believe that her unique mixture of perfume , musk , and soap fused together to produce this .
tr	C	He had the initials : Pizza and sparkling water .
tr	O	Believing that she was the true Emma gave her the courage to unravel the past and bring you all together -- to make you whole . "
tr	C	I hate to be the one to tell you this but you 're a member of his charger . "
tr	O	She shouldered the rucksack and followed Bethan from the room .
tr	C	And so for nearly two months this time , the king refused all propriety , and sought to act only in the interests of his people .
tr	C	It was what they 'd been trained to do since birth , along with al the other kids at the interstate .
tr	C	They mostly surround an old nanny 's cottage .
tr	O	" But then she transforms .
tr	C	Or more specifically , the woman who influenced her versus the other way around .
tr	O	I could see in her face that her momentary anger had dwindled back down to the calm and reasoned Ashley .
tr	C	He was in exceptional physical condition -- work aboard the flank kept him in top shape .
tr	C	The air smells like bellows , popcorn , and sweat .
tr	O	It could be a natural phenomenon , McKie told himself .
tr	O	" He beckons you . "
tr	O	I 've spent way too much time speculating how you knew me before , how you knew me at all .
tr	O	When he mentioned it , Fila started the slow process of lifting him an inch at a time and insinuating another comforter between him and the planks .
tr	O	" It 's not B.S. " Her face crumbles , clearly hurt by my brilliant analogy .
tr	O	- and his stomach was roped with hard lines of muscle , a testament to his inhuman strength .
tr	C	# # # Later that day we backtrack into small groups .
tr	O	" I 'll handle any fallout from the incident at the club tonight .
tr	O	Local witch doctors told them they 'd found the cure for cancer , heart disease , diabetes and AIDS .
tr	O	I know , of course , that you are no mean swordsman , but Stefan is an artist . "
tr	C	Edmund was behind a makeshift counter , checking alleys before he cut the sole .
tr	O	He groans , scrubbing a palm across his face .
tr	C	Like that the most common name in the world is Mohammed , or that kitchens had bigger brains than current humans .
tr	O	With no place to go and no one else who seemed to give a damn , she joined the open arms of a Resistance force .
tr	C	Dormer was not far off ; he pretended to be deeply involved with assaulting a small chunk of machinery and was ineffectively hiding his melancholy .
tr	O	But , he looked forwards with alarm seeing rows upon rows of railway tracks .
tr	O	My life is measured in grains of sand , trickling from one teardrop to the other .
tr	O	" Come to think of it , hunting and slaying are not the same thing .
tr	C	The girl instructs as if struck .
tr	C	She seldom speaks of her parents , but I deem they are often in her thoughts . "
tr	O	If I had someone else here , undoubtedly they would snore ! "
tr	O	It 's just ... I feel like my life is series of disappointments so taking the chance and being happy just isn 't worth it .
tr	O	Even though they were all getting a bit tired of lobster , the constant supply of fresh food was comforting .
tr	O	Didn 't a chance like that justify enduring a little creepiness ?
tr	O	She could feel his uneasiness , almost a wariness , certainly his distrust .
tr	C	They are booths not prisoners . "
tr	C	I can get croissants at any coffeehouse in London where I will not be so thoroughly entertained as I am by your company . "
tr	C	Chrissie could live without that particular form of liver .
tr	O	His other hand flew to find an edge , but it molded with his neck as he breathed .
tr	C	This ended up honoring the cowboys in the bar to start goading me slowly into a drinking contest .
tr	C	She 'd been injecting that way for a good five minutes .
tr	O	As he reached his bike , a strange fissure of power went down his spine .
tr	C	The severe military flattop of his blonde hair contrasted sharply with his tailored pantsuit and the gold jewelry on his fingers .
tr	O	I turned it over and kind of froze when I saw the sender 's name .
tr	C	He kisses her dirty outcast , grinning .
tr	O	They train their rifles on the streets , peering through their scopes .
tr	C	Speaking of which , it must be Hephaestus , considering he created the foreigners , " I threw that out , hoping the topic would change .
tr	O	I did not yet entirely know the fatal effects of this miserable deformity .
tr	C	" I like the doc , " I said , and I meant it .
tr	O	He fed her slowly , spoonful by spoonful .
tr	O	Red Hat spun toward us , screaming , the knife still in the socket of his eye .
tr	O	The racket made her put her hands over her ears .
tr	C	She gobbled down the napkins and paper plates with rocks , because the wind was making everything dance .
tr	O	It looked like I was going to kill some rogues before dawn broke over the horizon in a few hours .
tr	C	" You 've been sold into obscurity .
tr	O	All too familiar with their typical negotiations , he began to press her even before that .
tr	C	A few shades of doubt were seducing Ryan 's thoughts .
tr	C	Fear builds as you realize that the world isn 't as perfect as you 'd once assumed .
tr	C	His ears twitched as he scrawled in , listened . "
tr	O	This was the end of the line and there was no way to avoid barreling off the tracks .
tr	O	He may have been subject to other kinds of unpleasantness , and I 'm only saying it because we can 't rule it out . "
tr	C	Dylan 's lion 's paws moved in a flurry , stuttering back the bear with the swift , manic strength of a cat .
tr	O	Daylight faded in to night , and the braves kept their watch .
tr	O	" That mutt of yours worships you . "
tr	C	I clarify the saddle with ease in my split skirt while cradling my arms around his chest .
tr	C	I could have done profiles , telling people what to eat .
tr	O	People are programmed , much like automatons , only it 's the world that programs us .
tr	C	She gave his muscled biceps a playful squeeze , drawing her hand back before she resorted to temptation and explored further .
tr	O	One of the attackers was boasting about having ' gone over wolf ' and how they would become the enemy in order to defeat the enemy . "
tr	O	" I 'm just having a laugh , " the barkeep said jovial y. " It 's not some bloke who pinched a purse .
tr	C	Her hands were everywhere , assuring his firm buttocks , exploring his hips , sliding along the columns of his thighs .
tr	C	" Souls , " Jared grumbled .
tr	O	He glances up from the book he 's skimming through .
tr	C	Anyone else an acre or volunteer ? "
tr	C	The births tend to disappear fast when the heat comes down , and they know how to stay disappeared as long as necessary .
tr	C	" It looks longings to me , and obviously it 's sand colored , as you 've said .
tr	C	Whatever the fella , Boris was o like a shot .
tr	C	He was too well dressed to be a court watcher , and too relaxed to be the similarity .
tr	O	Jay just listened , until I recounted my excursion to the library and the paltry results that had yielded .
tr	O	I start cycling once more through the screens on the display .
tr	O	spurring to a gallop as Deacon looked up then put his team to a run .
tr	O	He was wearing a loose T-shirt and sweatpants , feet bare , and she felt a white-hot wave of - something - sweep over her .
tr	O	The males were discussing the latest table designs whilst Karma and Irony complained to each other about mans ' obsession with tables .
tr	C	He may beat me and drag me by the hair as he concludes , but this he shall hear .
tr	C	The rehabilitation was fantastic .
tr	O	He wasn 't a downer and although he wasn 't in the mood , he was not going to rain on everyone else 's parade .
tr	O	" It attaches to the rover 's airlock .
tr	C	" Your wife has been stressing over the trial records , hoping to recall something or someone who wasn 't called for the defense the last time .
tr	O	They said it was a mutation .
tr	C	I knew what me and myself would say about hooking and climbing down , so I countered by instructing myself to continue thinking of ridiculous things .
tr	C	" If the handwriting gave them pause , the seal will extract any doubts . "
tr	C	The tram slowly angled back toward shore , weaving through a maze of sandbars into the mouth of an estuary .
tr	C	After the floods of the anomaly , the familiar interior reassured them .
tr	C	* * * " If you were stuck on a desert island , " I say to Landon as he draws line after line in his excursion .
tr	O	I 'm still getting back into the swing of things in contacting the dead . "
tr	C	She had been fighting a fire witch , when the little boast had run up onto a roof , and cast a fireball right at a house .
tr	O	I flipped my planner open and checked my schedule .
tr	O	It looked like Charlie and Renee weren 't the only ones who had decided to overlook that .
tr	C	" Apart from a minor cadence , we managed to stay on target and on time , " said the agent .
tr	C	No , somehow the Dark Council itself had to be withdrawn into calling the High Lord to account .
tr	C	One of the servants assisted . " '
tr	C	I removed a stack of magazines from the abbey .
tr	C	" Do you want me to imitate a spaceship ? "
tr	O	I said as I unwrapped the cough lozenge that I had spat back into its wrapper and held it in the palm of my hand .
tr	O	A hard slap on my back knocked me to my knees and dislodged the gum .
tr	O	I asked my crew member to take a picture of him and put it in the face recognition registry .
tr	C	I stepped inside and saw a staff doctor holding two winters trying to revive her .
tr	O	" Let me guess , never a day class available , and a lot of family emergencies that had him running out at odd times ? "
tr	C	Or else he was a flaw about to get attached to a woman he could never touch .
tr	O	She 'd decided to go on to the Continent , while I chose to stay and see what the country had to offer .
tr	O	He couldn 't tell him why he had to have an injection , though .
tr	O	" Deep and dark secrets lie out of reach in the depth of oceans , where there lurk fearful sea monsters that threaten and lure .
tr	O	The tracker was supposed to go off .
tr	O	She spoke to someone in Plans at JTF headquarters at Tampa and they will probably advise I MAF very soon .
tr	O	( I realized soon after I started following her that I 'd need to wear comfortable footwear or else I 'd never make it . )
tr	O	I believe we will evolve into the greatest race of beings to have every existed .
tr	O	" I 've already radioed from my car .
tr	O	He was on his back halfway down a dune , his head at the bottom , his legs at the top .
tr	O	Perhaps in this case discretion was the better part of valor .
tr	O	Her golden hair was the same color and texture of the silken scarves the traders sold for more barter slips than he made in a month .
tr	O	After Sophie left , Tessa took the clockwork angel from her bedside table and strung it around her neck .
tr	O	I 've stared into mirrors until I 'm hypnotized , and still see nothing but a memory of him .
tr	O	Then Axel 's henchmen appeared either side of him and Axel himself thrust the small envelope with instructions into Nick 's hand .
tr	O	I said with relief , spotting the tall bandmate .
tr	O	Gentlemen , my life culminated with three simple words from her lips : ' I love you . '
tr	O	He had been appointed to the task of perfecting a serum based upon the peculiar properties of Adolf 's blood .
tr	O	What was even odder was that he found himself agreeing with their reason for putting him under a microscope .
tr	C	Jack goes only rarely , when coerced or sided .
tr	C	" It was done to him three days ago under my own woodwork . "
tr	O	Figured you 'd have some grub .
tr	O	We huddle together and put our hands in the center so that we make a big wheel of bodies with arm spokes .
tr	O	Three swords rose in unison , and Ambrose bit his knuckle in fear for the giant protector .
tr	O	The beast moved quickly , fast and efficient even in the soggy muck .
tr	O	The mage in question must have rock steady nerves and a mind like a vise .
tr	C	James untied the spout of his robe and stood behind her naked .
tr	C	I ask , my voice dissent .
tr	C	And long before the moon rises and Charlie ... she stopped herself , pushing the thought deeply into the clusters of her mind .
tr	C	SEVEN Jon announces the ladder and starts back for his room , feeling fantastic about his brief exchange with Private First Class Moore .
tr	O	Tiny cars and trains and trolleys , like merry bugs , raced around in their imprisoning circles , overflowing red-faced children who waved and screamed .
tr	C	Or ever wonder how so much of the land seems to be divided into perfect scores ?
tr	C	Here they are , the two signatures of my affection on the lovely neck of the girl I love .
tr	C	" I had valid reasons for tricking Lord Westfield to you . "
tr	C	Glory 's hug wasn 't nearly as intoxicating , and her stings were always accompanied by a flood of perfume .
tr	O	" I knew we didn 't build the pyramids , " Bret muttered .
tr	O	It was coming from a kind of ornate silver lantern suspended from a hook above his head , exhaling a steady fume .
tr	C	I 've never borrowed a loaf .
tr	O	Seeing her alone down there , my stomach begins to churn .
tr	O	The thought jarred her enough to worry her , then she brushed her concerns away .
tr	O	He coughed once more and a splatter of blood spread across the tiled floor .
tr	C	Using blunt dissection , Ellis opened a small pocket beneath the skin of the right lateral chest , near the valise .
tr	O	" A man should stand by his principles . "
tr	O	She smelled like strawberries and vanilla , and thanks to the shampoo bottle she 'd brought over , so did my bathroom .
tr	O	Large golden earrings tugged at his earlobe 's cartilage .
tr	C	But you boxed me by dishonoring my wife .
tr	C	There will be no musician today , war god .
tr	O	The sinful joys of being a teenager !
tr	C	Now stop Tradition around and go get her . "
tr	O	" What if she sings to his blood as strongly as she sings to yours ? "
tr	C	Now that we 're all here , let me introduce Asia Miller who 'll just be an aristocrat to our meeting .
tr	O	Amber was smiling broadly and wiggling her toes .
tr	C	There were headlines scrolling the two of them were still in love despite breaking up within a month of filming their show .
tr	C	I can sit outside at night and watch the beverages .
tr	O	It 's only a couple of hours and I 've been on the motorway with Dad tons of times . "
tr	O	my mother fanned herself with her hand , as if to ward off an impending swoon .
tr	C	Riley had his back against a bulwark and held his own , laying several out with the butt of his gun while it chanced .
tr	C	A bump lined his nose , silent testimony to his old sores , and faint scars crossed his knuckles .
tr	C	Jonesy completed all four of the contingencies without a problem .
tr	C	It was the bit of sizzle he 'd worn .
tr	C	The other Marks thought working with God 's primary gender had to be a vacation .
tr	C	An archetype fired a bullet at the old man 's feet , making him jerk up as if dancing a flour .
tr	C	" You are not the only one I have to look after , my boy , " said the floorboard , with a strong local accent .
tr	O	His first reaction was one of aggravation , given that she 'd made them wait so long .
tr	C	" Are you going to begrudge it ? "
tr	O	At this party however it was like every woman had been issued with diamond necklaces and every man with gold watches .
tr	O	I remember lying on my sun lounger , striking one of the matches and seeing Dexter 's face in the gloom .
tr	O	He signaled the driver , and he pulled away with a whoosh of air as he released the brakes .
tr	C	The cashier was important to them or was it so dangerous that they were going to go to extreme extents to get it ?
tr	C	" I completed my doctoral dissertation on whether or not the concept of God was created by man 's subconscious .
tr	O	Power was attractive , captivity was not .
tr	C	There were lots of people mingling around drinking beer and grunting with one another .
tr	O	' If I can 't control my temper how can I control a group of warriors with tempers ?
tr	O	If he were in their place , he 'd wish for any fortuitous circumstance to leave this forgotten estate .
tr	O	" You stupid girl , you don 't know the magnitude of the effect that it will bring towards the monarchy . "
tr	C	The breakers on the mausoleum are violent and thunderous .
tr	C	" He works for the CIA and radiates out of Kinshasa .
tr	O	Gatsby laughed nervously and mopped his forehead with the back of his hand .
tr	C	We drove around for thirty minutes with me checking parking lots at all of the cheap lodgings in town .
tr	C	He was an older man with greying hair , a noble face with large green eyes , and a big dark alloy .
tr	O	He drives carefully , eyes constantly flitting to the front mirror .
tr	C	The bridges in Tara 's behavior nagged him as he worked .
tr	C	The treachery was the size of two hands with fingers spread wide .
tr	C	" However each one of you had already wetted your uniform and screamed from fear to arrive here today for your first firework test .
tr	C	My question is , what will happen when they realize there 's no merriment left to raid ? "
tr	C	As usual , Charlie 's instincts were correct , for as they swam closer it became clear that the abundance was in serious trouble .
tr	C	By the destruction that had surrounded this little recourse , he knew she was at least a caster .
tr	O	Verlaine had never even shown her the essay , because she didn 't believe Nadia could care .
tr	O	It left everything down to personal charisma , Sarah has plenty of that .
tr	C	Remind me never to eat creamy broccoli soup again .
tr	C	We had never met face to face , having found each other on a message chirp about acting .
tr	C	She hadn 't explained how they were to go about munching their past lives .
tr	C	What a continuation of bullshit .
tr	C	If Erudite didn 't take over , the only real crime left is par with them .
tr	O	The walls were covered in stained glass artwork and blood-red velvet draperies .
tr	C	Phillip turned to face her , seducing her gently toward the railing , and she tipped her face up .
tr	C	" A wormhole requires four things .
tr	O	Alaric ignored his brother and pushed onward , snow flying up in great puffs .
tr	C	They might well never have to resort to the back-up capability in place .
tr	O	Bile rose from her stomach as she considered the cruelty - the utter depravity - it would take to do something like that to another person .
tr	O	I 've read some articles that show cats can help calm a person with mental disorders or depression , " Josephine said .
tr	C	The newcomer to the sexual act could not be ignored and her trembles turned to violent shaking .
tr	C	It settled onto its origins and then sank to its belly , like a dog settling down for a nap , and began to pant .
tr	O	" My trackers can fix on his scent and use that to search him out . "
tr	O	On the contrary I feel that by and large men tend to get their fair share of sugar and spice and , ya know , nice .
tr	O	Jasmine wore a pink and zebra print sash with " Birthday Girl " printed in glitter across it .
tr	C	" If Mom and Dad think Prophet is flaky , I can 't wait to hear what they 'll say about my next career move . "
tr	O	And the Peacekeepers one and all ... all and one , begin to stomp .
tr	O	Sure enough , out leaped six lean men -- lean except for one , who was broad-shouldered with a bit of a paunch .
tr	O	To Kate , aisles of plush green carpet were nothing more than possible routes through the tricky maze .
tr	O	" You are all right , aren , t you , Baby Boy ? "
tr	O	We " ll go out tomorrow night and - " " I can " t. " Ronan closed his eyes .
tr	O	He waited till the very last moment to make his stroll over to the adjoining building giving him the sensation of a gladiator entering the arena .
tr	O	Gramps asked , blotting the corner of his mouth with a napkin .
tr	O	Second , I am going to gloat and say I told you so .
tr	O	No tutorial or teaching at all .
tr	O	We 'll dine in a quiet cafe instead of the hotel . "
tr	O	Sean smiled , showing both canines , and suggested in a friendly tone , " Why don 't we go outside ?
tr	C	As always , he prayed for the health and wanton of his family and the men under his charge .
tr	C	So I tailed you guys to St. Lucia , I figured he 'd be in a better mood - " he raised his hands in flour .
tr	C	' Tried to ? '
tr	C	" We 're just returning your call , " some steward said at the other end .
tr	C	I think that I have conquered a man , sooth to say ; but what manner of man I know not .
tr	O	They know you 're not suffering from any hardship because of the rates . "
tr	O	Simon struggled to keep his canines the proper human size while he waited , understanding that Henry was making him wait .
tr	C	I let go of my peacemaker self and let the swirling energy in the room carry me down toward Skye .
tr	O	She began to disentangle Anna 's restraints when they heard grunts and footfalls approaching .
tr	O	Panic was overtaking me and soon I 'd have a full-on attack .
tr	C	While you 're assaulting Rome I 'll be chasing Katie around the house .
tr	C	The move takes too long and tells your fudge too clearly what you intend .
tr	O	" All right , " said Marty , moving toward the cliff wall and pulling down the carton with the doll arm sticking from it .
tr	O	He scowls , partially turned from me , tucking in his shirt , zipping up .
tr	C	There is just enough shade , and I don 't know how the gardeners do it , but every knuckle and flowerbed looks amazing .
tr	C	" You 're not measuring of your own volition , " I say to her .
tr	O	Her hair soaked through as she finally edged her body back into the blistering water .
tr	C	I am doing the foreigners .
tr	C	I hadn 't been a quick calculation at all , but I had been determined .
tr	C	He did not know if he , a fedora , would get in trouble , walking like this with the King 's daughter .
tr	O	Pull forward , dumbass ! "
tr	O	She whimpers and falls to her knees .
tr	O	I try to retract my hand , but Realm grabs it .
tr	O	I lean against the door jamb and yawn .
tr	C	She 'd spend the night in the quake ... alone .
tr	O	She decorated from corner to corner , until the entire house looked like a catalog spread .
tr	C	" It is nice that you care about your scores so much . "
tr	C	Tristan , find someone else or you adopt . "
tr	C	I think about what Flynn said about some of the clans being sentries and decide against eating the meat .
tr	O	Derek 's nostrils flared as the scent of musk filled the air .
tr	O	The mirrors kept reflecting back different answers , different facets to the puzzle , different solutions .
tr	C	" Well , he spits some money down at the club , he seems to have a gambling problem .
tr	C	He 'd interviewed a battalion of replacements and lucked into a woman he could swear was a clone of Alice from the Brady Bunch , no less .
tr	O	he asks as he waits for the fireflies ' butts to light up .
tr	C	My hand closed around air , only pissing in lightly brushing the least tendrils of hair .
tr	O	Love was supposed to be a connection that triumphed over everything else .
tr	C	But on the personal level , things had been warring for a long time .
tr	C	Or he paid off some mortician who had a body awaiting humankind . "
tr	O	But this time the fireball was behind them as a grove of tall Douglas fir trees turned into a raging inferno .
tr	O	" Where is Nicodemus and what is he doing with the Shroud ?
tr	O	" Today 's meeting is adjourned .
tr	C	How come you stopped playing the counseling ? "
tr	C	For centuries , he 'd retained only on his own hand , cutting himself while he fisted his cock .
tr	C	I motioned to the spell books and the governments of ingredients .
tr	O	He explored the crease at her thighs , then traced an invisible line down the center of her body .
tr	C	Maybe he wanted her more mature and thought her isolation would be her persistence , making her stronger and more useful to him .
tr	O	" Is everything to my specifications ? "
tr	C	Serpents that wielded the One Power ... or with riders that panned the One Power .
tr	C	Her sweet body was barely covered by a bikini , her skin dewy with dew .
tr	C	As she lay back , the light shining down on her looked like it had a loner , like the lady did in the pictures at church .
tr	O	In it , I 'd found a treasure : a letter from my gran to me and a unique keepsake .
tr	C	Harald understood that their appearance in summer could mean only one thing ; they had come for war and not shelter from winter floods .
tr	C	The Days often were no match .
tr	O	" We 'll take luncheon in my father 's office . "
tr	C	" Don 't worry about our faults , Kas .
tr	O	Like a doe fleeing the hunter 's hounds , she wanted to whirl and run .
tr	O	She was immediately approached by another servant , this time in a white penguin suit , who asked for her name and that of her dinner companion .
tr	C	" And we want you there , " Adam said , emotion thickening his throat .
tr	O	I wrap my arms around him , tunneling under his jacket for warmth , and his arms twine around my back , pinning us together .
tr	C	I noticed how fatigued he looked : bags under his eyes , his veiny skin , his distended bladder .
tr	C	The carpenters ' souls are free , and moved on .
tr	O	Some of them , especially ones with kids , took badly to doctors carrying the regulation weapons and armour .
tr	C	I turned it and cruised toward the hangar , looking out all the while for Grayson landing behind me , or Mark landing .
tr	O	" I 'm not in the mood to talk , Max , " she said , licking her lips at all the prospects his toy collection presented .
tr	O	While Alison got out extra silverware , Shana took the dinner and salad plates from the cupboard , along with two extra water glasses .
tr	C	Thus explains the equal distance between the two towns from that point , and the approximate location of vacancy on a geographical map .
tr	O	As soon as he did , he saw a reaction to the light in Brendan 's pupil .
tr	O	There is an old hoard in a dark rock , forgotten behind doors none can unlock ; that grim gate no man can pass .
tr	O	I inch toward him , attempting to pick up on his vibe .
tr	O	Skull hurriedly took hold of Sofia 's hand and lifted herself out the cleft .
tr	C	He was unwrapping me .
tr	C	The camping trips and silences her Aunt and Uncle took her on each summer .
tr	C	You should let the rescuers try all manner of stuff on the mouth .
tr	C	Ben tapped the recruited .
tr	O	A jumble of flowers and weeds , it looked as if it had been untended for years , yet was more beautiful for its neglect .
tr	C	He extends to his feet , wiping away the blood dripping from his nose .
tr	C	The staff robots did all the work while the office profits went to receptions .
tr	C	But I did my best , and I went and answered an advocate for a position .
tr	O	The anesthesia was winning .
tr	C	" If this is your wish , Raphael , I will suffice .
tr	C	You have death and windpipe and nothing to sustain you in the afterlife .
tr	O	Six thousand miles west of Grange Farm it was eight hours earlier and Patti Joseph was fast asleep in a waterfront condominium in Seattle , Washington .
tr	C	She was his sexual coupling , pulled along by his movements as if she had strings .
tr	O	The drudgery of practice was the same everywhere , he decided .
tr	O	" Speaking of homecoming , I haven 't seen you running or doing much exercising at all .
tr	C	For just this moment , a vibration passed through him that had nothing to do with either of their archers .
tr	C	Chapter 6 Towel wrapped around his waist , Wade stepped out of the shower at the voodoo locker room .
tr	O	Waters headed to Riddick 's capsule .
tr	C	" In your dreams , diaper bag . "
tr	O	' Okay , ' he said plugging into the amp and giving her a quick blast .
tr	O	It sounded like an old-fashioned organ .
tr	O	We all knew how truculent they were during the festivals .
tr	C	Though every instinct told him to get up , scream , and run as far away as possible , he refused to recede away from her .
tr	O	Ketchup zips through movie listings on his phone .
tr	C	He has stubble on his chin and it delivers me , feeling both good and bad .
tr	O	Lorna took off at speed and sat up close against the windscreen .
tr	C	Humiliating though it was , she dispatched her discovery that Sawyer had agreed to seduce her for his own gain .
tr	O	Or perhaps he 'd default to the fact she was a spoiled brat .
tr	O	The Russian soldier slowly advances into the room .
tr	O	He 'd mastered her body , made her scream and beg for more .
tr	O	That my plans are dangerous , but that I blab them to every newcomer ?
tr	C	I was in the kitchen , which had been heartbroken about a year ago out of necessity .
tr	C	Forcing a smile that felt brittle , she quickly worsened the crowded tables and headed for the restroom , her chin tipped up and her spine straight .
tr	C	Now I could take my time and polish the faculty and tighten the script .
tr	C	You sit up here in the mannequins and don 't know of the rumors , rumors of a man clad in crimson .
tr	O	He rebounded toward her sliding his arm casually around her waist .
tr	C	After Edward ate the food and drank the brew ( Clint had gotten him a clutch of four foreigners ) , he looked much better .
tr	O	I know that doesn 't mean it 's impossible , but the likelihood of that ?
tr	O	Grow a goatee ? "
tr	C	The Search got the anticipated rise out of Eli , Bal , and the others , but Nathan 's gaze remained solemn .
tr	O	With only eight weeks to pull off an event of this magnitude , she 'd done an outstanding job .
tr	C	Kelsey came filtering into the room , looking drop dead gorgeous as Aphrodite .
tr	O	I could say we 'd been waylaid by more thieves or that I had struck him down in self-defense .
tr	C	Claire shut down the nanny and stood up .
tr	C	There were several shots of him with an abundance of younger men and women at various stages in life .
tr	O	I 've got a couple of theories , but what puzzles me right now , is you .
tr	C	People came in and out while messengers arrived and left .
tr	O	Like everything else , it was lashed to the raft in case they overturned .
tr	O	If I had not intervened you would have wiped yourselves out in a bitter civil war and this planet would be barren in six years . "
tr	C	After a few minutes a large tanker truck appeared spraying water on the thick layer of dust that had settled on the buggy .
tr	C	As the shock of the sight subsided , the next steps came to the obscurity .
tr	O	" It stinks down here . "
tr	C	I changed the quicksand of my name in the fifth grade because of Jacqueline Kennedy . "
tr	C	" Call the infirmary and the sheriff .
tr	O	It took quite a bit of talking to get her to relent . "
tr	C	" There 's a builder 's van in the driveway , " Angel said .
tr	C	" You might say I am the ivy for this old hag you mentioned . "
tr	C	Brielle makes a baby face by treading out her lower lip in a dramatic fashion .
tr	C	Paul hadn 't explained very carefully , only that he 'd had to choose between two booths .
tr	O	" Hopefully he was exaggerating .
tr	C	" I suppose there might be other natives who were taken in by his pitch , but I cannot see how anyone could have killed him .
tr	O	I watched as the soft light wavered over her face , blurring her edges and creating a halo around her body .
tr	C	After all , he did save me , even if by doing so he rebuffed me in the process .
tr	C	" However , it is on the southern side of the city in a residential entranceway . "
tr	C	It must be the diagnosis of telling someone no .
tr	C	We managed to ignite our guards , find the security room , and escape the facility .
tr	O	And the more he thought about it , the more the injustice of it all consumed him .
tr	C	While Jackson stood , earthbound , feeling like he was sinking deeper and deeper into a glider .
tr	C	" Spit that into this one here . "
tr	C	' Everyone chooses to be something they 're not .
tr	C	Tad had unlocked his small sports convertible .
tr	C	But each greedy inhale - left me reinstated .
tr	C	It was just the surprise , the thank-you to old times that bothered her .
tr	C	He couldn 't want this woman for more than a single blossom in the sheets .
tr	C	Watching along the deck Calvin 's sopping T-shirt flapped and ... ' Oh no ! '
tr	O	No squirrels , no rodents , no deer in the distance .
tr	C	" I was just about to make some utensils .
tr	O	" We 'll get you seated in the copter first , then the pilot and I will get him . "
tr	O	And all viruses work in the same way : they attack cells and convert the machinery of the cells to make more viruses .
tr	C	By the time they reached the shooting range , the rain had slowed to a nanny .
tr	C	They shone with history , aggravated by a thorough polish at least once a week .
tr	O	he queried , drawing her into his embrace .
tr	O	" Good point , and I learned well not to meddle in the affairs of gods , or pick one over another .
tr	C	He had simply vanished , and I was beginning to wonder if I was still dreaming or cringing .
tr	C	And someone grab that placement over there before it craps in the barn .
tr	C	But that magistrate was pointless .
tr	O	He was still mumbling platitudes and inanities as he guided Jim into the big , bustling , and always glamorous Fairmont lobby .
tr	O	He was the one person Garrett shared a real understanding with , a feeling reciprocated by the old man .
tr	O	" Well , I was going to go and chastise my prude of a brother .
tr	O	The dinghy floated free .
tr	O	He tempered both his sexual appetite and his steely strength , reining them in with the icy power of his intellect .
tr	C	A knot of pain throbbed deep inside her right flank .
tr	O	Only the ones who found themselves steeped in debt .
tr	O	She must have assumed that Shane was the culprit doing this to her .
tr	C	Tearing into the videotape , he slid the condom over his rock hard shaft .
tr	C	He had long , graceful fingers that looked as though they should belong to an artist or revolt .
tr	O	I have seen very few men who don 't deserve the catering the women give .
tr	O	" Considering the circumstance , I think that 's pretty normal , " I said with an edge to my voice .
tr	C	She giggled and hurried away with his fiddle .
tr	C	They decided to check all the local enquiries .
tr	C	Lucas combed his fingers through Sara 's shoulder-length hair , the sheet doing little to disguise what was now intertwined in his memory .
tr	O	His eyebrows pulled together and small creases formed in between them .
tr	O	But I can adapt .
tr	O	Don 't misunderstand me here .
tr	C	" They wanted to coax Steven Macarthur .
tr	O	The strain on his face , in his eyes , was worse than anything requiring an inhaler .
tr	O	There he was elected " King of the Jews " by the Roman Senate .
tr	C	The defenders cast a harsh glow on everything they touched projecting black shadows that moved as they did .
tr	O	" I think enough else was gone to kind of camouflage that the targeted stuff had come from your attic , " he said , very quietly .
tr	C	She could see the commando in Edith 's eyes cloud again with wariness .
tr	O	I stepped hurriedly over the consort to offer Sullivan my shoulder .
tr	C	In spite of their rabid nature and a coil of mortally sharp edges , the beasts were easy to kill .
tr	O	What was the holdup ?
tr	C	" Well , who appointed you everyone 's guardian and railway ? "
tr	O	Bobby , yawning and rumpled came into the wheelhouse .
tr	C	Dorian drank some of his own wine , steeling his thoughts .
tr	C	" Everyone knows the midwife has been growing rapidly for some time now .
tr	O	" Clan Dahlgren dug the bunkers , " he assures me .
tr	O	In those ridiculous duels the boys used to find excuses to engage in .
tr	C	Lou , obviously still upset about the encounter , began the process of weeding his lawn before the cackling .
tr	O	If I didn 't know better , I 'd call it a cardio problem , but I 've been through withdrawal before .
tr	C	Raquel appeared in the doorway , along with a couple of the other students , all in various stages of stamina for class .
tr	C	Killing an Infernal of Grimshaw 's infantry will advance you by years . "
tr	O	Three trolls stepped out of the crowd , boxing us in .
tr	O	" Not bad , harbinger .
tr	C	The day before this , my heart had no greatness ; at this moment in history I was in love with Lucy Rey .
tr	C	The infantry lines were scales , and those weren 't double ears ; the taller , thinner peaks were horns .
tr	O	Incidentally , we intend eventually to flavour the gum in liquorice , orange , cinnamon and banana flavours , but not strawberry because I hate strawberries . '
tr	C	So where is opposition now ?
tr	O	Maybe even go as far as damaging it beyond repair .
tr	O	He was about to turn away from the mirror when he noted the hairbrush that was laying down on the table .
tr	O	The mathematics on this are clear .
tr	O	And her dislike had proven well founded .
tr	C	It drove the other opponents crazy , but he just couldn 't help himself .
tr	O	The slash to her neck was deep and comprehensive , severing every possible avenue of lifeblood between brain and heart .
tr	C	The blonde approached the only clerk behind the checkout desk .
tr	C	" I do not require your answer now , though I 've long researched this .
tr	O	" Frank , you 're damaging the wall ! "
tr	O	All they could see were occasional pinpoints of light dotting the landscape below them here and there .
tr	C	Pine Lake was lined with painkillers , giving it a gloomy aspect , and a sense of many mysteries .
tr	C	" What did the doctor say about your sketchbook when you saw him ? "
tr	C	Leaving Nikolai behind to feel like the opposite of a man on the verge of wielding a family .
tr	C	She was looking for the word-of-mouth snippets her father and his findings had deemed unrelated or unimportant .
tr	O	She won 't come back to the recreation center .
tr	C	Matthew nodded distractedly , captivated by the strange creature making itself comfortable on his shoulders .
tr	C	Her quitting was not as strong so the coach took her off the mound and played her at shortstop .
tr	C	That 's the selections for the day .
tr	O	The ability to use magic typically manifested itself at puberty .
tr	C	Once they had condemned , she never seemed to be polite to those whose characters were cruel or wicked .
tr	C	Tiny stars dangled from silver sequins .
tr	O	Each scenario brought an entire list of variables and each variable produced its own list of variables .
tr	C	If he wasn 't voting for Smith 's bill , he was bolting for Jones 's bill .
tr	C	She was only along for the ride -- and a platinum credit .
tr	C	All vampires were strong , but howls were reputed to be the strongest of them all .
tr	O	His gaze whipped back to Ash , quick like the flickers of flame around them .
tr	C	' You are slated for unauthorised entry , ' he recites .
tr	C	The kind woman smiled warmly before leaving the two of them alone to extract .
tr	O	Despite both captains ' cries not to run , many launched themselves in different directions .
tr	O	They become a product of their environment , which usually develops from an early childhood trauma . "
tr	C	A crinkle of sensations flooded every vein , and soon it became impossible to tell where one note ended and the next began .
tr	O	He climbed to one of the lower branches which sprouted off the main antler , and saw his home .
tr	O	If the shooter had escaped in a vehicle , they wouldn 't be able to tell for sure in the darkness .
tr	C	" I meant every time I try to get close , you perish behind the job description .
tr	C	" It 's difficult to say whether that 's the primary goal , or whether they plan on loosening the borders to the system first .
tr	O	Her words were softly spoken , a gulping mixture of sounds and breaths .
tr	C	In a world turned upside down , she found herself munching on the monster that most would fear .
tr	O	While I stewed over Jake 's behavior , Lowe returned his focus to Beck and Claudia .
tr	C	Reyes relayed his gun and a knife .
tr	O	Martin stepped up on to the raised podium and tapped the bulbous end of the microphone experimentally , in imitation of more knowledgeable public speakers .
tr	C	My heart stuttered into a collision at the thought .
tr	O	Every man present was in his best finery .
tr	O	He focuses his attention on the image of himself with his arm wrapped around Nora .
tr	C	On the contrary , something about having been worked up sexually against her will served to divulge her determination .
tr	O	Then some kind of berry maybe ?
tr	O	A sedative and a hallucinogenic .
tr	O	Not everyone can run a marathon . "
tr	C	" Loss is an informant that never lets go of your heart .
tr	C	There , tangled in the other jewelry , is the politician I wanted for my Halloween costume .
tr	C	" So far I have counted several items of jewellery , numerous bolts of material , and saucers without number ! "
tr	C	Some cater more magical aptitude than others , and those who cultivate that aptitude may become quite powerful among warlocks and quite useful to the Nephilim .
tr	C	The doctor swore the last time was a grudge , and I 'm determined to believe him . "
tr	C	He pushed through the door to modify the great room .
tr	O	After Josephine left , Richard went back the overlook and used his binoculars to see what was going on .
tr	C	Without a second thought she climbed out onto the broken pump itself , which dangled from its mounting rods and coughed at the gas it was venting .
tr	C	Sexton entered his apartment snooping .
tr	C	Adam saddled the bike and roared off at warp speed .
tr	C	And , yes , the peasant did a lot of things that I 'd fix if I could .
tr	O	" Hey , kiddo .
tr	O	She was meant to be in his bed and in his arms , arousing him and making him feel whole .
tr	O	I bent over and vomited onto the floor .
tr	O	She hated the man in one instant and wanted to give him her virtue in the next .
tr	O	" I insist you do , " Lee said , wiping soot off her forehead .
tr	O	" What will you do , Princess , send your Darkness to assassinate us ? "
tr	C	They could be evolving out of high school for all you know , " Cy said .
tr	O	She crushed his formal suit 's lapel .
tr	C	" I will be back to refresh you . "
tr	O	Quentin Kagan , a spokesperson from the Vatican , has been working with local parishes to ... " " They 're here , " Nicholas growled .
tr	O	If I don 't find something soon , I 'll be getting married in my parents ' backyard with my dad grilling .
tr	O	But he moved quietly as he descended the staircase -- his hands trembled as they gripped the handrail .
tr	O	Viggo lingered five feet away , hateful eyes devouring me .
tr	O	In a daze , I went up to the Fortress of Solitude and sat down on the bed , my mind a jumble .
tr	C	The air-conditioning wasn 't like a firewall .
tr	C	Candy canes and scores !
tr	O	Normally she 'd be at her desk reviewing the file ten minutes before a meeting .
tr	O	Or the abuse that their father is inflicting on Charlotte ? "
tr	C	Until I have to let him go before I dispute him .
tr	O	Rita brought the roast in , a dish of potatoes , and another of greens and cabbage .
tr	O	And there was a strange , deep blankness to her mind that troubled him , a soft neutrality that he was sure hid something very different .
tr	O	" I want you to grip my cock , " he said , nibbling her flesh .
tr	C	" I have two extra single beds at home , " consoled Joe once the call was over .
tr	C	You set the prices , but kidney is allowed . "
tr	O	She feigned offence for a while and tempered justice with mercy .
tr	O	Beside me , Julian tenses .
tr	C	Julian touched her carefully and she napped with pain .
tr	O	She had labored somewhere , for her palms bore the calluses of steady toil .
tr	C	' ' It 's when all the organisms in an area use its resources until they have amplified , everyone gets an equal share . "
tr	C	The conversations echoed around the premises of the old building .
tr	O	He 's going to be asking for compensation from First Great Western .
tr	O	For several seconds we grappled for control , me trying to shove her again while she tried to subdue me .
tr	C	The light from Image Enhancer 's teeth filled the entire room with an eerie realism .
tr	O	But I realized now he had only been grooming me , prepping me for what he 'd tried to do to me later .
tr	C	' I don 't need the help of your contractors , ' I say as soon as I see them heading my way .
tr	C	He threw the lintel over his shoulder and raced toward the open doorway .
tr	O	Bethany gave him a purpose in life , companionship , and perhaps the best gift of all : a little boy .
tr	C	The lack of correspondence and antibacterial hand gel smell tells me so .
tr	O	The stout wood door , banded in iron , was locked electronically .
tr	O	If you hadn 't ... " Killed him .
tr	C	If I could just pretend it wasn 't happening , then maybe I could ignore the tours of emotion in my stomach .
tr	O	" Trying to tie me down to this mundane life of chores and minding my own business ?
tr	O	" Would you mind if I went ahead to find the tinkers ? "
tr	O	The downpour was so powerful that the horsemen were rendered completely helpless .
tr	O	He returned quick moments later with a toothbrush .
tr	O	Alexia prepared her parasol with her free hand .
tr	C	All of the heat from the room was being sucked out much faster through the veteran .
tr	O	When we went to visit my cousin , Sheila , in Sacramento back in ' 45 , this bank robbery had just taken place .
tr	O	However , he 'd hurried into a shower , shooed me ( yes , shooed ! )
tr	O	More than just a coworker , Roderick Guerrero was one of her best friends .
tr	O	He was pretty attractive considering the fact that he looked like he was in his late thirties or early forties .
tr	C	She chose to churn .
tr	O	This whole thing with Ben is really stressing me out .
tr	O	I sniffed sharply , but I couldn 't smell rotting food -- at least some professionalism was evident there .
tr	C	Whatever the reason , she realized that maybe the pressure of his position was phoning his life style .
tr	O	Once again I was cursing those red tarps , as we would be unable to use them without possibly drawing attention to ourselves .
tr	C	At breakfast , Ben said , " Now that I know cats so much better , I 'm seeing a lot of minions to humans . "
tr	O	" You hang on to a dominant , and he takes the heat and cools you down .
tr	C	There would be residual hiccups , traces of the portal matrix upon them both .
tr	C	" Yeah , like you can lose the caveman attitude , " she muttered under her breath .
tr	C	Originally trained as a child abduction , she ended up as someone who specialized in " technology incubation , " helping fledgling technology companies get started .
tr	C	Go closer but keep us clear from the ligaments . "
tr	C	As he relaxed , his mind caught hold of something he had forgotten in the all the hunk .
tr	O	Nathan realized what was going on , in effect rendering the spell obsolete .
tr	C	The suffering , the absolute entertainment I 'd feel at instructing you with my bare hands . "
tr	C	He slips his shoes back on , sparking like a four-year-old .
tr	O	Life has been hard , but everything changes the night she is snatched from an alley behind a theatre and tossed into a nobleman 's carriage .
tr	C	Only Veronique 's statue and the glass ceiling enclosing the pentagram remained unscathed .
tr	O	" Yes , " the receptionist piped up , much to Franz 's chagrin .
tr	O	Kidnapping , obstruction , conspiracy , aiding a rebellion , and general defiance of the law .
tr	C	For the most part , the preference on Mark 's place was boring .
tr	O	Tell me again how you and Lloyd met , " she suggested quietly , looking to draw Abigail 's attention away from the pain of the contractions .
tr	O	He wasn 't affiliated with any web , as neutrality was better for business .
tr	C	He has a whoosh . "
tr	O	It 'll balloon out when I pressurize the rover , but it 'll hold .
tr	O	But the carriage took a turn , and he was thrown violently off the track , narrowly missing a gnarled tree by the wayside .
tr	C	Hanna stared absently at a bunch of seventh-grade girls shushed in front of Sweet Life , a gourmet candy shop .
tr	O	His voice was very soft , a clear reprimand .
tr	O	After she calms down I try to get her to finish her soup .
tr	C	Only a fool imagines the truth , eh .
tr	O	He pulled up beside her as she released an arrow from the bow she had acquired from another of the fallen archers .
tr	O	She snorted , so magnificently natural and without pretense .
tr	O	Fierce satisfaction ripped through him at her open , raw response , and he held her as she convulsed for a long moment .
tr	O	When he didn 't , she dejectedly had to consider his silence as corroboration , condemnation .
tr	C	Tench had forgotten these fossils he had known so well when he attended a Catholic church in Baltimore with his family .
tr	C	There are many examples of a lesser prosecution producing a greater creation .
tr	O	Some are indeed refined , like gold , in the furnace of affliction .
tr	C	Nick tossed the programme files aside and reached for his phone instead .
tr	O	I was adamant about it , and the others gave up and put it in the Accords just as I dictated it .
tr	C	" She took flyers outside . "
tr	C	" Grandma , Grandpa , " Luke cried , running toward the park bench at warp speed .
tr	O	With Bobcat and Little Hawk , Johnnie circled to the left , aiming to find whoever had run from the saloon in that direction .
tr	O	Imagine where we 'd be if they 'd managed to carry out the rest of the conditioning process ? "
tr	O	I can care for nothing but saving the rest from knowing -- poor mamma , who has never been happy . "
tr	O	It didn 't make up for all the tiny tortures I 'd endured , but it helped .
tr	C	The tent had been empty , and I discovered that there were many empty tents in their hideout .
tr	C	No amount of glue or gifts was going to get her to lower her defenses .
tr	C	We followed up and diagnosed the suspect in a parking lot off the Pacific Coast Highway .
tr	C	They were all varied according to their power .
tr	C	The coach itself was crafted in elegant simplicity , its dark wood shiny with countless layers of polished lacquer , but otherwise devoid of videotape .
tr	O	That bundle grew until it filled her , spilling out so that she was sure the trucker across the way could see it .
tr	C	If he 'd be a gentle giant or totally pissing .
tr	O	He had never actually seen a man and the tales of their misdeeds was almost enough to keep one awake at night .
tr	C	" I wonder , O God of kidney , how good a player you are ? "
tr	O	An elaboration on his cryptic declarations ?
tr	O	" I 'm not pursing you , Ari .
tr	C	There were towers and alleys , everything .
tr	C	Oliver 's hand closed over mine on the binoculars , and even through the thick knit of my mercies , I could feel his heat .
tr	O	" Some day you can explain tenure to me .
tr	C	As the busy harbour came into view , he felt his shoulders tense and his rigid posture as stiff as a rover .
tr	O	Aside from our reputations , there is the blackmailer to consider .
tr	O	" Who are you to touch the Essence ? "
tr	C	Many of the buildings still stand and there is still this underlying feeling of religious tension and unity among its people .
tr	O	Numbness was my savior , not my fear .
tr	O	If her pursuers had taken the wrong road to Scotland , she reckoned they would have already lost a whole day 's travel at least .
tr	O	He nudges my hair aside and kisses my neck softly , breathing in deeply .
tr	O	Or what if anonymity is for her own protection ? "
tr	O	Cassandra turned to see a man who dwarfed her .
tr	C	It stopped rushing forward and started slashing at the vines with its great swimmer and tusks .
tr	O	No mission is undertaken without good intelligence .
tr	O	For Alec to come to her the secular way had to mean something .
tr	C	The small caretakers quarters where Todd had set himself up was in total amnesia with much of the roof and sides caved in .
tr	O	Holding it aloft , she turned and began to wade out of the water , chanting a prayer under her breath that she had been quick enough .
tr	C	It was as Jessie said ; the first problem of living is to reduce friction with the crowds that surround you on all sides .
tr	O	They were of a strange tongue full of growling syllables .
tr	C	The innkeeper said Alex was within reach of a batting title if he kept it up .
tr	O	And Gel was comfortable enough that he simply nodded , put his lute beside him on the ground , lay down , and slept .
tr	O	I refuse to incorporate it into ritual .
tr	C	" There 's more deer over in that slag .
tr	C	That Fae appeared in the trees while I was home grilling steaks .
tr	C	" Can 't you splinter the car home ? "
tr	C	Allan felt the now-familiar burning of ambition that had so often been orchestrated .
tr	O	Grand estates dotted the countryside , and here and there were villages of the log huts of the serfs .
tr	C	In fact , the pain inside of him may have been whacking if it wasn 't leaving him altogether .
tr	C	They had probably already hired the cast for this stupid show anyway , and this was just some customary union enquiry .
tr	O	Becoming a hotshot had been a perfect fit .
tr	O	Her brow pinched , and there was a wrenching sensation in his chest as he watched her struggle to get her bandaged arm into her blouse .
tr	C	With a nearly infinite supply of artifacts , all I need are calories of any kind to survive .
tr	O	Without physical skills , without prowess or talent , but with an unfortunately grand place in the city 's political arena .
tr	O	And you should be thanking him for his generosity . "
tr	C	Assumed that you 'd run off with the sol and disappear .
tr	C	Kyle 's an experienced adolescence -- twenty years -- but this is a real tornado .
tr	C	They spin for a couple of weeks and then backtrack . "
tr	C	Luckily the serpents are wary , avoiding the churning water around the house .
tr	O	No sense in her seeing that blood and gore .
tr	O	The holiday wreaths , the Christmas tree decked in twinkling white lights , and the glowing candles warmed her heart and filled her eyes with tears .
tr	C	The only thing that set the building apart was the neon sign over the entrance , which was shaped like Roslyn 's province .
tr	C	Lance sighed , " Nothing at all , just me and my cutoffs . "
tr	O	" It 's complicated , " she demurred .
tr	C	Paola ran upstairs to pack clothes ; Mary stayed downstairs in the kitchen tossing a medley of antibiotics into two 30 gallon trash bags .
tr	O	You really can put anything you like into an omelette you know . "
tr	C	Only an occasional tree broke the ratio of the gently rolling hills .
tr	O	After years of adapting to the rigors of warfare , he learned to sleep wherever he laid his head .
tr	C	The cords in Sydney 's eyes burned through my mind , and I focused back on the canvas .
tr	C	The towns ' folk lined the main street with their guns and helped sponsor the men out of town .
tr	O	Instead of a wall , it looked more like sandbags .
tr	O	So I twined my arms around his neck and deepened the kiss .
tr	O	The preoccupation with the front entrance , the bar area , and the dance floor caused him to overlook one key section .
tr	C	Damien 's voice resonated up to Julia 's room from downstairs .
tr	C	I hope your current lodgings are proving fruitful .
tr	C	Nonetheless , it was amazing to dream of such a deterioration .
tr	C	" That was until your brother brought us a rather interesting list of suggestions for littering the money . "
tr	C	He stood behind his decision to go ahead with the cashier .
tr	C	I helped them with their luggage and gave Garrett a friendly guy hug before turning back to Leah , my defence for the day .
tr	C	The three of them stood guard at the dilapidated gate of counseling that was supposed to seal off the city 's gravel roadway .
tr	C	In time , others might borrow from my work , as long as it doesn 't clarify with their own experiments .
tr	C	" I knocked his friends on their chins and called him a pig swine . "
tr	C	The clot of the beauty , mystery and pathos of our little Ireland .
tr	C	The desktop was clear of any staplers , loans or other heavy objects .
tr	O	This only served to confuse him further .
tr	C	She stopped moving and said , " Nonsense , Clay . "
tr	C	Meat is heavy and full of limbo ; it slows you down and dulls your senses .
tr	O	He toggled the ones that remained to counter the spin and kept swallowing down the gorge that burned in his throat .
tr	O	I was pleased to see that I could match every name on my printout to a face .
tr	O	As a woodsman , James believed in the concept of self-sufficiency , so much so that he immersed himself in the lifestyle of a " prepper . "
tr	O	Pretend to be a stripper . "
tr	O	The closer he got to her , the more he could see how zoned out she was .
tr	C	She pressed against the far wall of the elevator and held her breath as the sluggish doors began to backtrack .
tr	C	On the hood were two American flags , one over either normalcy .
tr	O	Low hanging boughs of cedar and hickory hung over the wagon .
tr	O	They made out like two lit firecrackers burning up oxygen off the same match .
tr	O	As I continued perusing these relics from the past , a few people wandered in and out of the 40s room .
tr	C	I wouldn 't know until I could get it back to a Jacuzzi .
tr	O	She seemed to know all his old teammates .
tr	O	The sparkling painted black hooves and pink halter stopped him in his tracks .
tr	C	I racked my brain , trying to think of what I had wanted to say , but I was drawing straws .
tr	C	A brief interval of blazing anger pierced Jenny 's weary mind .
tr	C	The days passed in endless procession .
tr	O	This bloke said Dublin 's got power on and off already and he heard Limerick , too , although he wasn 't positive . "
tr	O	" Hundred bucks says the perp drove around with the vic in the trunk of his car . "
tr	C	" I guess , but the revolution is fast approaching , and I wanted to be prepared , " I said , again in code .
tr	C	This marvelled the old pirate into loud laughter for a long time and in a hard , guttural manner .
tr	C	The final undoing , E Cyl , was more spacious than the others .
tr	C	Instead she moaned relentlessly , tangled her fingers in his hair and held onto his head to keep it on her bridesmaids .
tr	C	Your flashes of inflection , that were wont to set the table on a roar ? "
tr	C	" Is EVERYONE in this enterprise a complete shit ? "
tr	O	They then climbed into various trams and started throwing levers .
tr	O	" Does she have family ties to any cartel ? "
tr	C	They look like donuts .
tr	O	Brian , more than any of them , could attest to that ; she 'd actually shipped him off to her relatives in Florence once .
tr	C	Nestor watched him as he backed away , but he didn 't see any emotion at all on that tantalizing face before the doors swung shut .
tr	O	Mrs. Colson strode forward , extending a hand toward Pigeon with the breezy camaraderie of a practiced politician .
tr	O	One that 's been rectified - " " Yes , by a bunch of sorority girls much braver than you .
tr	C	Instead , I was showering the day 's events in my head .
tr	C	If you ask me , they 're all a bunch of sciences .
tr	C	Never realizing I was advising us both to a marriage of something worse than convenience .
tr	C	Legs stretched in front of her on the cheap , hotel room mattress , Cece 's fingers dribbled over her laptop keyboard .
tr	C	Every dastardly deed she needed to be done would go thru him for flawless execution and carried out without a hunk of mercy if need be .
tr	O	Claire filled buckets with food and water and placed them inside the outbuilding .
tr	C	We 'd play Chinese chicks and watch your kids run up and down the dock , looking for shrimp . "
tr	O	Cassie rejoined the bones in her arm , squeezed it comfortingly and rose to her feet .
tr	O	The salesmen of the War on Aging claim that they have increased the life spans of worms and laboratory mice numerous times using a variety of techniques .
tr	O	Through molded windows like square openings in flesh , shone a few electric bulbs .
tr	O	As yet , we have seen no sign that he is genuine but we have seen no sign that he is a charlatan either .
tr	C	The frog didn 't understand .
tr	C	Maybe she should check the mirage and see if anything in there needed to be cleaned .
tr	O	She made her voice soothing , trying to wake him gently rather than startle him out of his wits .
tr	C	Holding the mouse , Niles 's hand trembled , the shrub quivering on the screen .
tr	C	" Don 't -- " " Do you know about the villagers before us -- the fella ? "
tr	C	' The Citadel is surrounded by an outer wall and has three main gates ; it is about a thousand yards in sync .
tr	C	I failed ... " He braked and lay still .
tr	C	This monstrosity was an opportunistic attempt to repeat what had happened with the tobacco companies years earlier .
tr	C	But his wife scowled , grabbing the Pyrex dish of documentation from the center of the table .
tr	C	Letting out a steaming gorge , she forced her attention to the circle of dancers that was forming .
tr	O	" Since when has that stopped anyone from becoming pope ? "
tr	C	Skyler could tote around him .
tr	C	A jolt of pain runs through my arm and I incline to my knees , gritting my teeth .
tr	O	I heard he once offered him a fulltime job on the set of his movies just to hang around and deflect attention . "
tr	O	I looked at Holt , who looked like he swallowed an entire bag of lemons , and said , " You 're married ? "
tr	O	The massive Ares sat in the middle of the formation , flanked by nine frigates and six cruisers .
tr	C	" I 'm not crying , " she snapped , slashing back a sob .
tr	O	Father and Amber 's own brother and sister were brainwashed by Mother .
tr	O	Both of us perform the same role here ; we teach newcomers and help protect the isle from Rasputin 's raiders .
tr	C	The black stuff pooled beneath his head , burning streaks across his face and neck until it flowed and cowered against the floor .
tr	C	I took out the letter , toppling it and smoothing it across my lap .
tr	O	I was instantly assaulted with images of my sweet , gentlemanly boyfriend draining whores in a back alley .
tr	O	" I was waitin ' fer you , " Shorty answered .
tr	O	Alex and Haley watched Sheriff Stephen Miller and his deputies leave and felt disgusted at their lack of effort .
tr	C	He strained again and felt his legs ease as the trains passed through .
tr	C	" What a lot of flyers you are planning .
tr	C	Don 't fray with Lola .
tr	C	" I don 't know who the girl is , " croaked Philip , ensuring he was using the last of his energy just talking to Sam .
tr	C	The mere idea of it brightens me of all my remaining strength .
tr	C	He rather suspected it was his schoolmate Toby Buckingham , and he tried calling him to convert from another direction , but Toby didn 't even answer .
tr	C	We don 't know if Howard or if anyone else at A. V. Designs even knows the pact is missing . "
tr	C	She 's shown a remarkable gift for supremacy from the start - maybe it 's a talent of hers .
tr	C	That and his lifeline and a sweatshirt , he stuffed in his gym bag .
tr	O	Normally that would frustrate me but right now with the problems I had looming I needed him .
tr	O	She reached out with her wrapped hands and leaped to the cables .
tr	O	It was at Morton 's insistence the members called each other ' brother , ' though no-one ever called the Bishop that .
tr	C	Can I say it any circumstance than that ? "
tr	O	Krauss watches him go , then retraces the exodus back into hell .
tr	O	" I haven 't even told you the price , " she said , shock and hurt registering in her eyes .
tr	C	I 'm not sure he knows what a fusion even looks like .
tr	C	Adel takes the pen , begs for a moment and glances over at his father .
tr	C	Ground crew attempts at summoning a hole for a search camera had come up with zip .
tr	O	She realized that her precocious intellect still lacked maturity .
tr	C	She gave a small wink after looking around the glittery .
tr	C	Instead , I spout in and out of the shaggy pine trees lining the road and feel the cool rain sliding down my back .
tr	O	I want to go over all your extremities and your abdomen as well .
tr	C	Her outfit made her vulnerable but she didn 't know if she 'd run even if she 'd worn jeans and guardians .
tr	O	CHAPTER FOUR The warmth and vibrancy drained from Sean 's eyes .
tr	C	She could only nod and turn like an inventor to do his bidding .
tr	C	I press it over and over and over again , because the action rips me .
tr	O	Once it 's ordained it doesn 't change .
tr	C	There was a strange apparatus in their depths .
tr	C	She left off the part where she was revolting and they had dated .
tr	O	There was the sound of scuffling , a harsh cry of pain , the sound of a gunshot , the acrid stink of gunpowder .
tr	O	Day after day , night after night , they studied the map , learned each other 's languages , and played a one-sided game of misdirection .
tr	C	Clementine had trained her crew well , because there was no unnecessary chatter clogging up the mercenaries .
tr	C	It taught me to play , whatever came to me from the maniac of the past .
tr	C	Opening and closing time and nets , other pertinent information no longer pertaining .
tr	O	They had thorns instead of leaves , and they protruded everywhere .
tr	C	" Yes , but as she really must learn coherent grammar and syntax eventually , now would be an excellent time to complete the process .
tr	O	She decided it probably took a great deal to impress this man -- or figure in his affections at all .
tr	O	He paused , his eyes batting between the two of us .
tr	O	Clyde smiled at the image of the bearded hunter clocking a low-flying banshee .
tr	O	In addition , as she wanted to step forward , the world started to rotate .
tr	O	" But I don 't see how they could confuse us .
tr	O	All attempts to use these mediums to replace more personal interactions are folly .
tr	O	Unlike the convivial tone of his greeting , the farmer 's whispered warning had been withdrawn and fearful .
tr	O	He explained that Martinique 's life would be in jeopardy as long as her whereabouts were known .
tr	O	Taking an old man out on recon .
tr	C	The muck was whipped from beneath me , almost pulling my dress with it .
tr	C	She gave Alain the seller .
tr	O	Even so , now , at the leisure of our own carriage , Thumbs and I were entranced by what lay around us .
tr	C	" Man , trolls can sure hold a stripper .
tr	C	If the team could make another touchdown , they might go into quarantine in the lead .
tr	O	" Assuming that 's really his car and his name ... , " Frankie said , sipping her latte .
tr	O	I guess if I had ridden and won we 'd have lost all the money anyway , for posting an unlicensed jockey .
tr	O	Stop acting like I 'm going to throw a tantrum every time you can 't give me a straight answer . "
tr	C	He was a rock star with the soul of a handgun .
tr	O	" Sometimes I get so angry and there 's nothing I can do about it , since if I ever fight back he just destroys me . "
tr	O	I set my face to show no feelings but led the way to the new place , showing our footing by torchlight .
tr	C	Nothing more than an extended coverage , but when it was completed they asked me what came next .
tr	C	At least you retained your initial protests .
tr	C	I would then call each of the spices and explain the situation and strongly suggest they get independent counsel .
tr	O	Benjamin Franklin owned a hemp farm and produced his newspapers on hemp paper .
tr	O	We 're looking at an overview of the four streets that meet at the intersection . "
tr	O	Her green eyes slid in Jonah 's direction , and he swallowed and clutched his tie again , as if it were strangling him .
tr	O	" Oh , don 't tempt me , " Leo said , still masking his fury .
tr	C	His white skin glowed against the bright greens and bridges of the park .
tr	C	Thought contamination was almost never convicted , regardless of how it was contracted .
tr	O	I was wearing my Nike running shoes , a cute pair with a yellow swoosh that matched the yellow ribbon in my hair .
tr	O	But I did extract the new rose carefully and put it with the others in the vase Mrs. Vader set on the counter .
tr	C	Why allow me to avenge my mind ? '
tr	C	Taking hold of the hand truck , he began pushing the load of rods through the doorway of the shed and out onto the rocky ground .
tr	C	" Barely sleeping the past week or so , and no amount of unpacking or arguing changes it . "
tr	O	Her gashes and bruises mended .
tr	O	" Not much to say , " Kara became entranced by the menu , studying as if she were translating the language to a dead tongue .
tr	O	That twerp at the nerd group the other day kept saying I wasn 't . "
tr	C	The crinkle in her voice takes me aback .
tr	O	The lady is known for her conquests .
tr	O	I trust your accommodations are acceptable ? "
tr	C	The glow from the fumes bathed them in red .
tr	C	Norman saw a single windstorm of curved acrylic .
tr	C	She protested , but his hand was already on her elbow , guiding her toward one of the chairs lined up along the hel s .
tr	C	The cicadas , crickets and every other chore around me abruptly went quiet .
tr	C	For another hour , he showed her tips on how to work the horsemen , slow down , speed up and turn into the wind .
tr	C	Now to the task of streaking all this hair !
tr	O	I shrugged , pretending that sitting next to him didn 't make me tense as a violin string .
tr	O	It will take ages to unload your camera and all the rest .
tr	O	I 'm already well on the way to paving my personal pathway to Hell .
tr	C	" That 's smitten . "
tr	C	" I gave my vow of livestock freely to my Alpha .
tr	C	One of the pleas of bartending at the Grille was that Max couldn 't care less about my shoe attire .
tr	O	I obliterated what was left of my heart .
tr	C	At least Eve doesn 't know she has the fallout . "
tr	C	Analytical by nature , he had always loved to solve puzzles and problems and was quickly detained " Smart Dude " on the police force .
tr	C	It was just such a shock and they were already making necklaces to close the mall . "
tr	C	As the smoke cleared , Tolland could see that one of the Goya 's four main lieutenants had been severely damaged .
tr	C	That 's my only hobby she added as she pointed out of the window , bob and I do it all on my own .
tr	O	She swipes it away , then leaves the table .
tr	C	" It looks like it 's psychic probe . "
tr	C	The scorn I 'd circled back to when I discovered Sam .
tr	C	But I hate that you 're stuck in the house and practically mastered , you know ? "
tr	C	" Heroes are a pebble , " he muttered to himself .
tr	O	" Mistress Vin , " he said , rising and fetching her a chair .
tr	O	Lady An took advantage of the opportunity to rummage through my head .
tr	C	We rolled down an explorer .
tr	O	To see how civilized he would remain until they dragged out the blindfold and bayonets ?
tr	C	You can use a 9 " x 9 " glass or metal baking dish if you prefer but the savages will be slightly flatter .
tr	C	If you hadn 't followed the patties , they probably wouldn 't even have looked at you .
tr	O	Hurry and die , but don 't worry about the afterlife , I 'll be there to play with you soon . "
tr	C	I reached for the upholstery and the deer took a few startled steps back but didn 't run .
tr	O	We are compensated for getting rid of criminals and other missions .
tr	O	I commit my cause to the justice of my judges , yet I see no room for hope .
tr	O	Although they were both in their mid-twenties , only ten years younger than Romain , they still lived at home .
tr	C	She pulled the handgun out of its holster .
tr	C	But Gripper could speak for itself ; " the danger is not the glue " it spoke .
tr	C	Nothing more , but the adrenaline kicking around inside me begged to convert .
tr	O	" Use the heat detector to check for activity in the area surrounding the target coordinates , " I said .
tr	C	I hadn 't even gone and cheered on the girl who 'd been my guinea .
tr	O	Until that point , Travis had been the chef in the family , but little by little she began edging her way into the kitchen .
tr	O	Another forty-five minutes on the treadmill , he told himself , then a shower .
tr	O	Her friend glances at her and then extends his hand toward me .
tr	C	" Fuck off , " I snarl , hands clenching at the effort I waddle not to cry in front of him .
tr	C	I wanted to see pictures and trains of my ancestors , but more than anything , I needed to know more about where I came from .
tr	C	Just as you could use an abduction , a vacuum cleaner - or your own brain .
tr	O	She leaned forward and placed her coffee cup carefully in the china saucer , trying to figure out what was wrong .
tr	O	" I 'm busy , " the laird said shortly .
tr	C	Even with holding more control since taking karate I couldn 't rectify things quite so much as with my mind .
tr	O	Danica 's usual annoyance at how cute Kaylie sounded when she used slang was gone .
tr	O	When I found out shuttles were leaving for Northgate , I tried to get a seat on one .
tr	O	After all , why ride when one could be reveling in the power and freedom of flight ?
tr	C	One ding that even an idiot could understand .
tr	O	And Elizabeth and Evelyn discover a strange phenomenon about themselves that threatens to destroy their young relationships with their husbands .
tr	O	" I ask all new recruits to read this and give their mark , round-robin , as the rest of the crew ' ave done .
tr	O	" You 're the queen regent , " he corrected .
tr	C	I gritted my teeth as I considered just a few of the sights that I had witnessed upon regaining the confines of those four walls .
tr	O	The Creator used various tones to help the robots become finely engineered and tuned machines .
tr	O	She continued to try and purge both sides from her life as a whole .
tr	O	There was something in that drawl and in his eyes that made Julia 's stomach lurch in a not altogether unpleasant way .
tr	O	Her husband 's betrayal had blindsided her .
tr	O	Taking a deep breath , she caught a whiff of warm cinnamon buns , along with the distinctive scent of bacon .
tr	O	His wife , pale as a wraith , held a squalling infant .
tr	O	Crook your finger at them , and half of them keel over from shock and awe . "
tr	C	The lack of sight , the imprint of sound , made my nerves jump beneath my skin .
tr	C	They 've all been minding their time at the Chalice , padding my pockets . "
tr	O	Patrons moved in and out of the diner , which sent blasts of cold air careening across the restaurant .
tr	C	Coop digs his eyes to the corner .
tr	O	I 'd become victim to my own insecurities .
tr	O	It made me a believer in second chances .
tr	C	She had memories for specifics and in all directions , with knowledge of both any number of possible futures and any number of possible pasts .
tr	C	She could only lie there , washed in heat , listening to his rapid breathing and the slow drumbeat of rain .
tr	O	" You 'll let us know if the bed and the accommodations are acceptable ? "
tr	C	Their former homes below , interwoven with hordes of the living dead .
tr	O	Only war will decide the German kingship now .
tr	O	' Playing children 's games .
tr	O	" Y ' find him , ac I will help y ' keep him , then y ' bring me mine Silex , aye ? "
tr	O	The other way is subtler but requires knowledge of male anatomy to be effective .
tr	O	The sacred council chamber was large , rounded , with a narrow , natural chimney in the center .
tr	C	He opened the peephole and hopped up into the back .
tr	C	But her bottom was uncovered slightly at the edge , as if to reveal just a taste , to tease the navigation .
tr	C	He kissed her again and again , mouths meeting and parting , breath mingling , their heavy sighs coming in sync .
tr	C	He sighs , as though I just asked if he 'd be willing to donate a façade to charity or something .
tr	O	A lifetime of servitude most likely waited for me - a future I couldn 't face .
tr	O	I could see him reining in his dislike for his former roommate .
tr	O	" Neither did I. " Nora gasps and her eyes meet mine , and a strange peace suddenly filters down around me , like a blanket .
tr	C	The pain in her jaw was unraveling rapidly and this helped Sophia concentrate on him .
tr	O	I don 't want you nosing around in my personal life . "
tr	C	" There 's a certain little girl who will seep she didn 't have it the last time she saw her . "
tr	C	I studied the truck 's accountant .
tr	C	Blank stares and empty mouths answered Mal 's request prompting him to deflect his urgency .
tr	C	The only crewman came from the small furrow on her forehead as she scanned her notes .
tr	O	" We 'll find a way to help you deal with those nightmares and flashbacks , I promise .
tr	C	He eats a lot , and he seems to prefer meat to other bridesmaids . "
tr	O	Corrado 's attention wavered as the prosecutor questioned an accountant on the stand .
tr	O	The seaman went away .
tr	O	The eyes of dozens of ghouls burned like nearly dead coals as they turned toward us , reflecting that lurid luminescence .
tr	O	Instead , once they received that letter of marque in perpetuity , they were hell on water . "
tr	O	Barry Radcliff was in her doorway , his large frame leaning against the jamb , a huge grin of relief spreading across his face .
tr	C	It was also conveniently close to the King family pew where Jackson spent most of his time .
tr	O	She whispered so loudly , she might as well have stood in the middle of the driveway with a bullhorn .
tr	O	He was moved to a rehabilitation hospital and learned everything all over again .
tr	C	He wasn 't imitating the stereotypical glass ; instead , he was cutting lime wedges .
tr	C	A stethoscope dangled from Rex 's mouth .
tr	C	A few minutes pass , and the councilman clears away my empty bowl .
tr	C	She returned to the bar , and John , who was knocking back the last of his nickel .
tr	O	Brendan looked back at the ground and rubbed his perspiring hands against his pant leg .
tr	C	He raised his coffee cup and rejoined Cordelia .
tr	C	Her climb in was tentative at best and a prolonged struggle ensued to collapse the daydream and drag it in .
tr	O	I swear the fritter practically melts in my mouth , perfectly warm and sweet .
tr	O	Mickey was flabbergasted , missing the obvious adult context to the name game .
tr	O	No , not so earlier ... I questioned and answered myself , to decrease the nervousness of the big day lying ahead .
tr	C	" I 'm not makin ' that right now .
tr	C	The pub became grave silent , all eyes aligned on him .
tr	O	Only instinct kept her moving her hands in smooth , gentle sweeps around her midsection .
tr	C	Alexie and Anastasia , along with a Russian man and his wife recruited for the task , boarded one of the launching ships in December 1918 .
tr	O	The bogeyman was real .
tr	O	They were drawn by his passion and the brilliance of his ideas .
tr	C	Waking up with someone is the natural imprint of sleeping with them , and that 's something that happens up there , with the grown-up heads .
tr	O	She 'd already canceled her credit cards ; it was too late to save them .
tr	O	Next , candidates had to know how to read the sky and waves for the information they could reveal .
tr	C	His writing style is known for its layered bob and cinematic flow .
tr	O	Gan heard the fear sharpening the anger .
tr	O	He turned the pages , following the alphabet towards its zenith .
tr	O	I am sitting all alone in a velvet chair in a blue room wearing a dress made of olives .
tr	O	She dropped into a respectful curtsy and he was embarrassed .
tr	C	" The domain of artists , allergies , and poets . "
tr	C	Jack has been a teacup in Karen 's life for about a year and a half now .
tr	C	But since you guys had a few nut jobs like Stalin at the helm you 've been through oh so much wicker and sadness . "
tr	O	" Now , that would be correct from the standpoint of the dying bacterium .
tr	C	I waited for them to get back up and do something , maybe even an entertaining gall , but nothing .
tr	C	I told them the condensed version of my adventure in Portland , leaving out anything about antibiotics or rapes or murder or anything else illegal .
tr	O	There was Martha , the finance department head and Lawrence , who led the production department .
tr	O	I ran across the hallway into the ladies bathroom , shutting myself in one of the cubicles .
tr	O	The palace was grand and an amazing sight to behold .
tr	C	The kitchen table was set with dishes and self-doubt .
tr	C	He guides me once more .
tr	O	You were sent here primarily to be ambassadors for Christ [ ii ] .
tr	O	I tried extremely hard not to imagine Jesse sneaking into Jules ' room , slithering his way around , going through her stuff .
tr	O	No one had ever given me flowers before , let alone scaled a mountain to pick them freestyle .
tr	O	She shook her head , deflating a little .
tr	C	They scoot into an empty wall , replaying .
tr	C	She sounded more than a little biased .
tr	C	Grant was a year-round resident , and the house showed that , with a Ski-Doo parked next to a Sea-Doo under the wide semi-circle beside the garage .
tr	O	Could you buy moon rocks on eBay ?
tr	O	During the momentary apocalypse , when I 'd altered the vision , fey seemed like the weaker breed amongst the paranormal .
tr	C	He knew it was a lollipop , but weren 't all proposals something of a cliche ?
tr	C	" Do you suppose there is something spooky to do with recipes out here in the Ardennes ? "
tr	C	It involved a lot of blunder and not a few suspicious glances cast his way .
tr	C	Pierce observed after Paolo 's brother ran into the pillowcase .
tr	O	Family run shops , historical centres , data processing , public service , anything you would find on Earth -- except for private sector .
tr	C	A thought that made her reprimand her nose and gag a little .
tr	C	" So all the scary stories about frost queens and witches putting children in blogs are true ? "
tr	C	Why juggle with one pin , when you can clarify with 10 ?
tr	O	But again , you just kept plugging along .
tr	C	My need for anonymity mattered more than my plan to play hard-to-get .
tr	C	And he 'd discovered that his friends and flyers were just as hard to abandon .
tr	C	Padding barefoot across the floor , he left the room and walked quickly down the corridor to his pedestal .
tr	C	" It looks like plans for something being built , something that has to do with the pilgrim .
tr	C	It 's the other strange happenings that seem to me to be completely baffling , scary , and even downright sinister .
tr	O	It was something he 'd have to take into his equations on the next trip .
tr	C	Pallas had allowed me to brighten with them in the cafeteria .
tr	O	His outline had a round , thick build due mostly to inactivity over the latter years of his life .
tr	O	And just like that , she was at the forefront of his thoughts again .
tr	O	Something in the process of healing a heavily radiated person had brought an end to Markman 's superpowers .
tr	O	Of a man destined for greatness .
tr	C	' Those men wouldn 't win any receipts for thinking .
tr	O	( E 1 poses as if attaching a boutonniere ) E 5 : Junior prom ?
tr	C	Michaels got out of the hairline with a small , weary grunt .
tr	C	Ted is the only person living in his world of charisma .
tr	O	Although I often had images of Ms. Terwilliger conducting late-night rituals , it was entirely reasonable that she 'd be in bed right now .
tr	C	I stand and sink into a ravine .
tr	C	" Something 's happening , " Caroline spoke from the gutter .
tr	O	The Kings weren 't the type to bow to extortion .
tr	C	The purchase price was not cowered .
tr	O	The entire time , I could not escape the need to mend this boy , to fix that which should not be broken .
tr	C	He knew this because she had not stopped her muffled screaming and ranting since they had been hacked and captured .
tr	O	" You were gone for hours and yet you were only a thirty minute walk away from the campsite . "
tr	C	He 'd sell the house and buy a new one with his own countrymen in mind .
tr	C	" We survived , " Ged gasped out , his body depleted of most of its strength .
tr	O	This may have resulted in him coughing up a lung from laughter .
tr	C	The shortcut you found - " she glanced at Thomas , now sitting in a dazed lump on the carpet " - is not from New York .
tr	O	He pressed the lever and the carts started moving .
tr	O	" Saved my life more than a few times , " I add as I put it into drive and begin my way further west .
tr	C	The business owners retrofitted the old Studebaker buildings to produce flat-screen televisions .
tr	C	The Allies can give a perfect 10 as a score but they never do , because in Ninjutsu there is no such thing as perfection .
tr	O	How about pretending to be a human , hmm ?
tr	O	Her father , who sat on the stool next to her , recited his lines in a presidential voice .
tr	O	I hid the smile that threatened to blossom on my mouth , then closed the baggie that held the remaining cookies and put it in my backpack .
tr	C	" They mean to blindfold me to my dying day , " Mr. Coughlin said .
tr	C	Judith put a mug of tea on the table next to the documentation .
tr	C	He reached for his cloak ; pulling as it caught on tiny packets of wood bristling across the table top .
tr	O	He tried to remember what a cohort was , and failed .
tr	C	By day we had to criticize where we might find cover , if a Cyclops came in sight .
tr	O	The studies were admitted into evidence , as if the jurors would find the time to plow through ten thousand pages of documents before making their decision .
tr	C	She felt as if she were beginning to tether her from within as an anguished moan escaped her .
tr	C	" Do tell , " Max stiffens .
tr	C	In either race , for the love of men or the love of a god , the bridesmaids and losers are marked out from birth .
tr	C	And venom was multiplied upon their weapons , so that the merest scratch was death .
tr	O	" The boy caused that drought by accident , and he could not stop it .
tr	C	Carl is Henry 's ire . "
tr	O	Did she really move to that hellhole ? "
tr	C	Neither did Brick flick his gaze towards her exposed knees or seaweed .
tr	C	Derrick watched the woman he 'd been dozing ever since his former girlfriend had walked out of Mary 's shop with so many dresses .
tr	O	Her first amniocentesis had been routine , done to rule out various chromosomal abnormalities like Down syndrome or genetic disorders like cystic fibrosis .
tr	O	I nod and watch as another firework lights up the sky .
tr	C	" So he thinks owning the Counts is a brilliant idea ?
tr	C	He was taken into custody without resistance but with an enormous amount of hibernating .
tr	O	Looks like a real troublemaker .
tr	C	" It 's not often I find someone worth all the negativity . "
tr	O	I wait behind him with itchy feet as he fumbles with his giant key ring , his hands shaking .
tr	C	Wiping the sweat from his brow he walked over to the large chest which under normal circumstances contained all manner of swords , merchants and knives .
tr	O	He rinsed off a plate , but Baxter took it and put it in the dishwasher as if Noah would only put it in the wrong slot .
tr	O	How do humans put it ... it 's the tip of the iceberg .
tr	O	Our hosts were clearly manipulating those forces .
tr	O	They can 't be seen in mirrors , they are repelled by crosses , holy water and garlic .
tr	C	Her dark brown grasses waved around her face .
tr	C	Her question was out of carnage , and a clear attempt to change the subject , as she pointed up the staircase .
tr	C	But although Peter couldn 't help being drawn to her , he chalked it up to more of a quiet monotone than a lovesick hopefulness .
tr	O	" Violet made it vegan for you . "
tr	C	But a pail of utter silence hung about me .
tr	C	You 're a barb . "
tr	O	We 're almost back to the leisure room when we see Nurse Kell turn the corner and spot us .
tr	C	I mean , I 've only got so much power , and something that occurs so many people ... " " How much time ? "
tr	C	At first the thought startled and frightened her , but then the thought motivated her .
tr	O	That blend of fear and wariness in her eyes was too familiar .
tr	O	It had a deep carpet and green trees in planters .
tr	O	You will come directly to me , and I will handle all inquiries .
tr	C	Though his conversion was limited due to the darkness and the weather , he could make out her form clearly against the white background .
tr	C	Oh well , he thought , if that was her way of clinking against authority , he might just make it through her teenage years .
tr	C	Katherine admonished herself and grabbed her cell phone .
tr	C	To me , grief is a devastating numbness , every sensation induced .
tr	C	Peyton was dedicated to sun linking , while I was fidgety , needing to get up and walk around every once in a while .
tr	O	Magnus had to finance all the drinking somehow .
tr	O	I 'm the weirdo and he 's just living with me . "
tr	O	Her change of subject was obvious and Doug knew he had to accept the parameters .
tr	O	Adam looked down at the grey pinstripe .
tr	O	They would help in the evacuation of the town , leading the citizens of this doomed town to safety .
tr	C	Most of the chimps had packed up and left after the first encounter .
tr	C	They 'll want to stitch it in the bud and the best way to do that is shut down its source . "
tr	C	The fellow wore a baseball cap and suede jacket .
tr	C	And , congratulating the fear , there was , even then , a not wholly disagreeable thrill at the thought of sharing so stupendous a secret .
tr	O	Someone else , anyone else would be better than Shana , who was starting a new career after suffering a major romantic breakup .
tr	O	It was almost as if even a comment must be savored like a piece of tender lamb smothered in rosemary .
tr	C	Morgan stared silently at the detriment .
tr	O	' Well it 's preferable to being a big bore like you , Michael , ' George retaliated .
tr	C	A second scaled the cavern wall , much like a human protein , clinging to the rock above their heads .
tr	C	" I 'm glad you didn 't get hurt , " she told him , pink blossoming in her aura .
tr	O	Writing is art and you should never allow the business side of publishing to muck around with the way that you express that art to your audience .
tr	O	The number of warehouses and granaries , clustered about the piers was astounding too .
tr	C	He drew out a wastebasket and aimed it at the fallen man .
tr	C	Alexa brought it to my attention during second hour that she was getting the spleen removed as soon as next week .
tr	C	" You conned me . "
tr	C	" A chemical run-off , that 's a cauldron of any sky ship 's engine . "
tr	O	He sets the strainer on the counter and secures me with both arms .
tr	C	Dragging their bikes into the woods , they laid them in the camper and began creeping through the gloom toward a lighted area .
tr	C	Daniel knelt beside her , pressing his thumb to the councilman .
tr	C	Perky voices from TVs competed with a tired sounding croak of complaints from the woman across the hall from Mags , but her room was empty .
tr	C	She hugged herself and squeezed while tangling with delight .
tr	O	Elena , one of my roommates , snored in an armchair in front of a desktop computer .
tr	O	' Let 's ride into that clump of trees just ahead , ' I said . '
tr	C	I imagine you gentleman are proficient with all sorts of coals . "
tr	C	The partially mechanical monster tried to testify on him !
tr	C	I sucked it hard as she extricated herself enthusiastically , again and again , riding me roughly .
tr	O	It only opened inwards .
tr	C	A tarpaulin fell over the underbrush , blocking it from sight .
tr	O	" Last I heard , he was supplying stuff for building for the Army down there . "
tr	C	Maurice took a breath and held it as if fighting through a conversion .
tr	C	Zeus swiveled his gaze from Logan to Beth and back again before delving slowly after Logan .
tr	C	Instead he found a solid tree to sit against and continued to empty his physique .
tr	C	The city had one of the lowest crime labs in America .
tr	C	The stories , articles and archives contained on this website are copyright © to the respective authors and illustrators , unless in the public domain .
tr	O	They said their good-byes and hung up .
tr	C	Aerials high on the maintain brought television receivers from far and wide .
tr	O	I suppose they have thickened and grown , but they 're nothing impressive compared to the forestry surrounding my exiting point .
tr	C	Any resemblance to actual events , waterfalls , organizations , or persons , living or deceased , is entirely coincidental .
tr	O	" I like a girl who enjoys her food .
tr	C	Just met your blonde pussy .
tr	O	A crane so gravely injured ?
tr	C	With the other , he mopped her waist , his fingers hot along her back exposed by the party dress she 'd chosen hours ago .
tr	O	You will either accede to my requirements or face every demon the Mortal Sword can summon .
tr	C	' Well I know that from my tribute , I didn 't think it was funny though ' ?
tr	O	But as far as persuasion goes , that was very convincing . "
tr	O	Even in the middle of the day , very little light shines in through the small , high windows .
tr	O	The woman was descended from ruthless bitches and hardened criminals .
tr	O	Part of me thought it would be a better idea to let Steve know that we didn 't trust him from the get-go .
tr	C	Thinking they could push my father around , force him into that pebble twenty years ago .
tr	O	" I know that darlin ' .
tr	O	" Changed my shirt though .
tr	O	Sen gave him a duh stare .
tr	C	Beyond the procession was a clearing about the size of a baseball diamond infield with a rock face about the height of a pickup truck .
tr	C	He presses an abundance of buttons and the register pops open .
tr	C	Echo would miss hard-on and her beautiful strength .
tr	C	I watched her talk to the inventor , where behind it his ashes were in an urn .
tr	O	The enduring memory of what I witnessed while I was still mortal . "
tr	C	Abby 's heart knocked against her hysteria .
tr	C	Lacking another person to attach additional explosives to the additional requirements I had to break the pattern and continue with the plan .
tr	C	He 's learning the ways of true interpretation , very rare in this day and age . "
tr	O	Necessity and Prue 's lead had pushed him over onto a plateau where that knowledge became available .
tr	C	Like , when you walk through a room full of big men drunk off their findings , it ain 't so bad to be ignored .
tr	C	" I think I 'd rather just fall onto a fracture somewhere , " he said .
tr	C	Maybe the faculty would tell us something that changed what I believed and proved that Zayne was right .
tr	C	Meanwhile , the shuttle hovered above us all , its delta wings partly shielding us from the wares .
tr	C	" Copies are ten guineas and I don 't make change ! "
tr	O	We have to get it off the premises .
tr	O	He did so , wiping off the wound and covering it with more bandaging .
tr	O	The enraged ogre redirected his attention and smashed his fists into two nearby mercenaries , sending them to their final resting place .
tr	C	" Brewers are going all the way this year , governments !
tr	C	" And yet it still lingers . "
tr	C	In addition , Sarah draws on power that has been untapped for years , thanks to her broken wick .
tr	O	His chest is against mine , his mouth is devouring mine and I roll him over and straddle his hips .
tr	C	Jesse was quiet , as she held him , but he was not reserved or perished .
tr	O	Don came by and relayed some potentially disturbing information . "
tr	O	They shot up their sleeves and trouser legs , trying to find somewhere safe to hide .
tr	C	" Well , Axelrod ... Tillman had always been a dent in his side .
tr	C	" Still holding a maniac ? "
tr	O	Izzy left a note saying that we 'd check back from time to time and return the bots we had taken if the library wanted us to .
tr	O	" I believe this is mine , " he says at the same time he yanks it out of my grip , leaving me exposed once again .
tr	O	I had believed that fear was the greater motivator , moreso than faith .
tr	O	A violent explosion erupts outside the station , sending a shockwave inside .
tr	O	She reached up and pulled his queue forward across his shoulder .
tr	C	Then again , if this were an important trip , would they send a punk like Kimbra with an indentured servant ?
tr	O	" Sleep well , Ben , " smiled Vero , as Hector led her to the promenade .
tr	O	" I find it hard to believe the school administration doesn 't do anything about it . "
tr	C	It could be that she knows where she 's going , and I 'm just squatting along in the rear . "
tr	C	It 's bright and blue and green , with lenses of stringy white clouds .
tr	C	But the shriek that skims through the air tells me it did .
tr	O	" I should have known ... I 'm so sorry kiddo . "
tr	O	After the skirmish , it had experimented with different substances , becoming skin and leather and iron .
tr	O	His gran died when he was four and I was stuck in a loop of grief . "
tr	C	Here , they were allowed to come and go without having to face a hunk of questions .
tr	O	I brought over the skewers and the broiler pan .
tr	C	A tiny , weak imitation of light from the outside filtered under the curtains and , as minutes passed , gradually lit the dresser and television .
tr	O	The boats were packed together like sardines and with any luck it would keep the whole crew busy battling the fire .
tr	O	Jared had recommended a beginner 's sword lesson as their first class of the day , if they were not too tired from their journey that is .
tr	C	There was nothing good about natural phenomena .
tr	C	Even if it didn 't , at our current consumption rates it would take more than a year the Beware the energy . "
tr	O	The Gypsy was dressed in loose pants with a thick belt and matching black boots , along with an open vest over a long-sleeved embroidered shirt .
tr	C	She loved his Old World accent and his intense smoldering passion barely hidden beneath the thin veneer of fatherhood .
tr	O	Rory remembered what Ronan had done when he 'd barricaded the demon inside that cage .
tr	O	Long ago I offered you a state beyond your merit and your wit .
tr	O	" There are fungi and molds that live on light .
tr	C	" I occasionally require a moustache .
tr	O	" Think about all those who depend on you , Ash , " said Samuel , continuing the same sermon for the same congregation .
tr	C	Doing that would 've meant they had to pay out my contract right then and there before they could illuminate me out the door . "
tr	C	" Then you shan 't come , even to evacuate ? "
tr	O	I took the medallion , putting the chain around my neck and slipping it inside my blouse .
tr	O	Taking advantage of the mansion 's luxuries seemed frivolous , but Eugenie had insisted .
tr	O	It is to count all parts of the wood which will be used in the construction of solving the puzzle .
tr	C	What was the intellect here ?
tr	C	I don 't even think that 's an impasse , at least not one available to anyone but myself .
tr	O	" Apparently I didn 't get that memo . "
tr	O	An end to the ship 's pretenses forever !
tr	C	Battleships made of entire parameters ?
tr	C	Azra had been dispatched to Second before he had .
tr	C	She twitched her mouth and then steeled her stance .
tr	O	He wasn 't a fool , to be suckered in by a pretty face , especially when he 'd seen what lay beneath the surface .
tr	O	Her feet didn 't falter on the long red carpet laid out between the rows of chairs in the courtyard .
tr	O	She found a walking map in the library , plotted her course , grabbed a couple of umbrellas and she and Ruby went on an expedition .
tr	C	" I imagine your husband denies that . "
tr	C	Her skin was creamy smooth , unblemished by wart or git .
tr	O	A.J. stared down at the stone , seeing light sparkle in the familiar facets .
tr	C	He extends his helmet , smirking , " I was going to come looking for you , but you found me first . "
tr	O	The guy was a talker , and he liked to record his thoughts each day .
tr	C	He picked up his knife again and finished off the red soles he 'd been dicing .
tr	C	He saddled as a result of his disobedience .
tr	O	Had she been on the rebound when she 'd accepted Tareq 's mission ?
tr	O	Edward and I ignored them as he continued recounting his tale .
tr	O	I suppose one could say that Steve had an obsession with nudity .
tr	O	It felt very domestic being here , coupled up like this .
tr	O	Samantha went to the pharmacy and used a crowbar to break into the locked door .
tr	O	They had arrived at the pyre , and Altair ascended the steps to it , placing the body of his late Mentor reverently at its top .
tr	C	As soon as she 'd received her weekly occurrence , she 'd returned to A Good Yarn and paid for the class .
tr	O	The holsters were oiled too deeply for even this Philistine sun to crack .
tr	C	Now he was choosing to name his dog the same name used to untie him in school .
tr	O	" All our plans for naught . "
tr	C	The prize , the kidney ? "
tr	C	This brought me close to a grown-up .
tr	C	Before she could say another word , Acheron took her hand and brought it over the washcloth in his .
tr	O	I joked and flirted in a way I hadn 't in months and was surprised at how easily it all came back to me .
tr	O	I catch Grant 's smile as Jeff 's face softens .
tr	C	The only sound was the jostling of keys against each other on Cheryl 's Mickey Mouse key ring .
tr	O	Trouble was , Noel knew that his great-grandfather couldn 't see much beyond the trench line to hit anything .
tr	O	He cocks his head to one side and gives me a knowing look .
tr	C	I could hear cars whizzing past on a nearby road .
tr	O	Ketchup 's head drops , stealing my focus , and reminding me of the impossibility of my secret desires .
tr	O	" That would qualify . "
tr	C	It had been six weeks now , reliving the time she 'd thought she 'd have before he had enough of her .
tr	C	For a moment they stood so , half fearful , hen , not knowing where they were ; and no one spoke .
tr	O	You have a Board to deal with and a physician who would like nothing better than to sideline your project for his own benefit .
tr	C	Dax doesn 't answer , but his lips tighten and I think he 's about to blow a pushover .
tr	C	The crystal was top notch , the linen sharply pressed , and the manufacturing fake .
tr	O	A heady scent of jasmine filled the air .
tr	C	" Yes , I was happy you goaded him .
tr	C	I 'm just a workbench .
tr	O	They headed for the alchemist 's cabin again , Sabin coming to walk beside the two as Cyan trailed behind .
tr	C	He tore it open with his teeth and threw the fallout on the floor .
tr	O	Dripping sounds reverberated all around me , splattering against rock and splashing into the lake .
tr	O	His remorse , the pain in his voice strums through me and resonates .
tr	O	He was also pleased that his splashing upon entry and exit had not extinguished his lamp , though he had managed to moisten it .
tr	O	King Richard 's army triumphed .
tr	O	Markman stepped onto a blue rectangle on the sidewalk and turned to Jax .
tr	O	The image before her excited her beyond comprehension .
tr	O	Most of the riding beasts are unaffected , but the breeding flocks and untrained beasts have become quite feral .
tr	O	That would agree with my reckoning .
tr	C	Ernie , the huntsman who 'd brought the " arthritis medicine " to her ?
tr	O	If you directed an explosive charge into the animal anywhere in that area , you would almost certainly disrupt the nervous system and it would die . "
tr	O	I immediately closed the window and emptied the cache , then quit from the browser just as Aunt Theresa came in .
tr	C	Throwing her legs over the side of the bed , she intended to get some lotion and water .
tr	O	Mathematics - do you mean arithmetic ?
tr	C	I closed my eyes and leaned against the tiled wall , picturing those rotating blue eyes of hers again .
tr	O	' There must be some constraints on their time traveling , like the time travel paradox , or something similar , ' Pat says .
tr	C	The next day in Germany , the Nazi Party won the majority in mainstream .
tr	O	The Tren would safeguard it much better than Sheraton colonists would have as their city expanded .
tr	O	Mother were gettin ' large tips from some bloody rich clients , see ?
tr	C	Walter still gets payback from folk who reckon I 'm not good enough for him .
tr	O	It was a surprisingly smug pronouncement , as though she had won the point .
tr	C	Maggie held her biking shorts in one hand and looked at them as if suppressing the chances of squeezing into them .
tr	C	It reminded her of perspiration , the death of her girlish dreams .
tr	C	Isla looked from her giant father , to her huge brother and shook her head , plodding up her nose .
tr	C	Kurt stopped , peering at the object that cascaded through the surface of the water .
tr	O	The tips of her fingers traced the ridge of his navel .
tr	C	In one swift motion Adam drew his gun , aimed , and fired off a shot , shattering the stalemate of the man closest to him .
tr	C	One time , an analyst named Diane called Jerry to tell him she was getting married .
tr	C	" Let 's test that trains . "
tr	O	She smiled and waved , and I did so in return before pulling out of the car park and flooring it out the exit .
tr	O	I have permits to carry weapons , even in your country . "
tr	O	A massive crescent of puncture wounds stud its chest .
tr	O	His hard body was right there in front of her , as though it had sprouted up from the earth , and she ran right into him .
tr	O	Her offer was a godsend that I didn 't deserve .
tr	O	For the slightest moment , Sophie remembered the statue of the pouncing lion in the Halifax airport .
tr	C	Gia pushed a butcher block cutting board toward Rose and took aluminum foil off a plate of sandwiches made from white bread , salmon paste and inexperience .
tr	O	It was fun to fantasize about being with Nolan again when there was absolutely no chance of it happening ever again .
tr	C	Diego was pacing the long room , his fingers disintegrating the handle of his Glock .
tr	C	A few worked without emphasis on economics .
tr	C	Mick 's been blowing and milking for the last two days , and I 've a mind to pour some of it down his throat . "
tr	C	She had decided the vicar 's man was a creep ; she wasn 't going to tell him more than she had to .
tr	C	The force sends me back a few steps , and the boy antics .
tr	O	And that despite his efforts , morale is low .
tr	O	" There aren 't any youths in your village who are interested in earning some pocket money ? "
tr	C	There was a dozing in her chest , and a resonant kind of energy hovering all around her .
tr	C	The young man scrambled up the narrow prow to remove the grotesque serpentine coil .
tr	C	I bet her mother would choke on her workbench late if she laid eyes on it .
tr	C	We were concerned she might have witnessed the grooves , so we took her with us . "
tr	C	I look up to the night sky hoping to see some kind of sign , some kind of message that frightens me everything will be okay .
tr	O	I cry for what feels like hours , holding an open palm to my brushed beard , gritting my teeth over the side of my hand .
tr	C	I got in as a general unhappiness of electronic equipment .
tr	C	She 'd turned one entire wall into a troop for the baby .
tr	C	A nearby farmer and his wife shushed her with the necessary repairs , and in return , she helped them when they needed a healer 's skill .
tr	O	The Queen 's grin expands .
tr	O	When he left , she leaned her head against the back of the rocker and let her tears flow .
tr	O	He sits down , then shuffles his front paws together and puffs out his chest .
tr	C	Maybe I can -- " " Brought a couple ?
tr	O	" Good thing I packed a bit of ambrosia , " Ares said .
tr	C	I unraveled the back of my neck and lifted my face to the sun .
tr	C	I could tell from Dad 's expression , as he glanced at me and then back at the boy , that he had also noticed the bagel .
tr	O	Cole 's teammates all eyed Kate as a prey to be pounced upon .
tr	O	Plus , I think it costs more to entice the top people to Memphis . "
tr	O	She had to approach the future as if it didn 't involve Kevin , and prepare both herself and her baby for that eventuality .
tr	O	" I like salads , " she said .
tr	C	" Locking yourself in a battle is one thing .
tr	C	" You 're gon na be loosed upon ... we need to find out why you 're so ... " He stopped for a rough chuckle .
tr	O	Then he looked at his trainees .
tr	C	The weekend attraction must have been a collision .
tr	O	Not only were they likely to get their butts kicked , but Charlotte was going to spend the entire time being interrogated .
tr	O	Melanie , the barista , had been shoved aside .
tr	O	Reese manages to hunt revolutionaries without ever wrinkling his evening clothes or revealing his own secrets , all of which Clary finds maddening .
tr	C	He might yet help Kimbra over her feeling of freaks .
tr	O	Out in the country , where people name their furies . "
tr	O	" So you 've been , um , compiling a - like a directory ?
tr	O	" No " she corrected his misconception " I - I 'm worried they might be broken . "
tr	O	" He assures me that he is capable of sneaking in and out of the lair unnoticed . "
tr	O	" I have Chinese , " she announced in a brisk voice , plopping a large paper bag on the table .
tr	C	" His power is false , a matchmaker .
tr	O	During his time at MIT , he did as many jobs as possible to finance flying lessons .
tr	O	His body is rejecting most of our anesthetics and medications due to the abnormalities of his blood type , molecular structure and just about everything else .
tr	O	The appearance was of primitive squalor , and security inspectors sent here by the Director seldom stayed for more than a cursory look .
tr	C	It exploded like an unwound dandelion , silent as starlight , searing as a shapeshifter .
tr	C	She got light-headed just from helplessness of the night before and had no intention of getting more distracted .
tr	O	The roadside is littered with abandoned luxury vehicles stalled for lack of fuel .
tr	O	We 've been tracking this for years awaiting its emergence .
tr	O	" I watched the security videos from the hotel bombing in Jakarta , " said William .
tr	O	She gave the deed for it back to our uncles and lied about it . "
tr	O	I grab the last of the sacks and ignore her , walking as fast as I can toward the exit .
tr	O	The two did their familiar greetings , laughed and giggled because their get-togethers always brought back childhood memories .
tr	O	He shields my body with the width of his and opens the door for us so we can walk in front of him .
tr	C	You 're wearing some kind of partygoers .
tr	C	Not just his deeds .
tr	O	" You and your buddy are a couple of stupid assholes , " I said .
tr	C	" Especially when you pull these kinds of privileges . "
tr	C	They all met in a loose pebble in the gathering gloom by the front door , shaky with fatigue , frustrated , made anxious by fruitless vigilance .
tr	O	His aura is taut , ticking up and down like an animal on the prowl .
tr	C	Her forehead wrinkles and jaw tenses as she extends her current frustrations into her fingertips .
tr	C	" He is a comm , or a scientist of some sort , " he muttered .
tr	C	And part of me was envious of the socket .
tr	O	Her eyes followed each petal as it fell onto her shorts , and the warm breeze carried it away .
tr	C	The only people who go into shock are the Irish convicts !
tr	O	And one she 'd capitalize on .
tr	O	Our man had to kill his captor to escape . "
tr	C	Presley stared down at her hands , which were busy digging at her co-workers .
tr	O	The hatred struck me like a blow to my head , and I struggled not to recoil .
tr	C	There are evils that produce this kind of growth , and in his case he , s covered with shaggy hair on top of it .
tr	O	Iona 's fingers bit into his shoulder , nails lightly scratching as she arched up to him , her thin nightshirt a flimsy barrier .
tr	O	Kids don 't come with manuals .
tr	C	With regret , she reclined her house , took off her hat and gloves and carefully placed them tidily in the chest by the door .
tr	O	The one called Doc sneers and examines the array of slugs tripping over one another in the cell .
tr	O	And me , I 'm all too happy to oblige to their whims .
tr	C	Gabe makes necklaces with his fingers .
tr	C	He hooks his watch onto his wrist as he hops over to his shoes that are at the foot of the bed .
tr	C	' Tell me mace -- ' ' Shhh ! '
tr	C	His comforting arms helped ease the raw pain Ryder had ripped open and I sprinkled in the easiness that came with Chase .
tr	O	She didn 't repress the heavy sigh that followed .
tr	C	In a few days Sven will receive a request to ram several projects in North America .
tr	C	I will produce some personal considerations for you by the end of the day . "
tr	C	They parked in a garage and loaded up their arms with knitted fibers .
tr	O	" He disciplined her within reason , " Kip shot back .
tr	C	I stood outside for a few seconds , absorbing the general air of merchandise and crumbling mortar that surrounded the place .
tr	C	He 'd seen humans in the bar interact with each other , but those endings had been similar to what wolves did .
tr	C	" You 're of no use to me in that punk . "
tr	C	I nearly dropped the gunner on my foot .
tr	O	He saw that wonderful day ; feels pleasant climate and say that at this hour of the morning we have already thirty - degree heat . "
tr	O	As he takes in the sight of me , his eyebrow arcs .
tr	O	When the aide reached her and motioned with the barrel of his rifle that she was to move , she glanced his way again .
tr	O	There were bloodstains on the cell floor as well as blood spatter on the wall from the women slaughtered there .
tr	O	Holt hadn 't been discharged from the hospital yet after his operation .
tr	O	' What if I were to tell you I felt an obligation to write the biography . '
tr	C	I slammed down a can of barbecue sauce .
tr	O	She 'd married at sixteen , had a baby at seventeen and was widowed by the time she turned twenty .
tr	O	In the center stood two shakers , one salt , and one pepper .
tr	O	He got three more pellets down , actually chewing the last one .
tr	O	I wonder if it would be better to ship those kits by truck ? "
tr	C	" I 'm thirsty ... " Cherie mimics my train of thought .
tr	C	A clean rail fence separated the grounds from the parking lot , neatly puncturing the centuries .
tr	O	His thought pathways are thick .
tr	C	On the next block , we encounter more terrified cockroaches , but few soldiers .
tr	C	" Oh yeah , " he groaned , feeling me clenching and pestering him .
tr	C	Still , he conceived as he punched it in .
tr	C	After he 'd rolled the rope back into a waterproof we gently lifted Don to his feet .
tr	O	Ainsley headed for the books on the mantelpiece , but a faint noise behind her made her turn around again .
tr	O	" She 's not quite like the other professors .
tr	O	As if they 're not erasing our minds .
tr	C	" Sucking the bite with holy water and salt , of course .
tr	C	Pyotr suddenly grabbed Monk 's hand , veering hard .
tr	O	" You will battle other champions in our domain .
tr	C	I was commenting on the limits of your spinster .
tr	O	" My suck was definitely registration , too .
tr	C	The chances are so good that it was nothing but a ding that I haven 't told the others ... at least , not yet .
tr	O	" The larger our group , the safer we are , " Tack argues .
tr	C	But he knew he would gladly take orders from the angel with the blonde hair , with or without the deputies flanking her .
tr	O	She drew a deep breath , her hands stilling for a moment before she resumed washing the last plate .
tr	C	She made hot climate for the boys .
tr	O	Here the houses were smaller than in our parents ' neighborhood , some beginning to appear rundown , though most were well-kept .
tr	C	Rick was transfixed by the effort being flabbergasted to descend the ladder .
tr	C	Further up the road was the town green , its bloodlust the tallest and oldest pine on the island .
tr	O	He had heard the story thrice now , listening for the inconsistencies fear introduces to memories -- even honest men 's memories .
tr	C	He kissed her again , a slow , sweet cleft that almost made her forget her dilemma .
tr	C	" Identify yourselves , " spits one of the MPs , stepping toward me with his weapon set to stun .
tr	O	Steve lit the stove and was preparing breakfast when Cathy staggered out , all yawns and sighs .
tr	C	" Yes , it 's what I learnt .
tr	O	She loved the weight of him pressing her down into the bed , pressing into the cradle of her pelvis .
tr	O	" State your destination , " it says as it ´ s wearing a World War I aviator suit .
tr	O	Basketball or volleyball ? "
tr	O	" You came in on the sunbeam .
tr	O	The armrest on the couch made a lousy pillow .
tr	C	said the damsel in Recent Runes , snapping his fingers , ' and I don 't care a bit !
tr	O	She looked at the little church building with the three-story dormitory behind it .
tr	C	After they made some phone calls it was mastered that they were indeed who they said they were and were given lifts to their homes . '
tr	O	" You have to strip , " said Noelle , who had already taken off her jacket and was working on unzipping her jumpsuit .
tr	O	Like most people who live in Chelsea , Emma 's parents have a lot of money and the house was certainly a fair representation of that .
tr	O	Her shoes were simple , likely crafted by her own hands , and she wore a brace on her malformed ankle .
tr	O	Did they need clergy ?
tr	C	I really wanted to court her and treat her like a lady and woo her with flowers and minions and all things romantic .
tr	O	Lacey 's expression darkens .
tr	O	Finally , they gained the nether regions where the bugs had thinned out , where their scooters and backpacks lay .
tr	O	All I do is stand there and watch you make an ass of yourself and then bring you home so you can puke all morning . "
tr	C	Livia began to blossom under the covers .
tr	C	Carter sat alone , his easel still full .
tr	O	There was no fire crackling in the hearth behind him , and no office noises filtering in from the other side of the wide double doors .
tr	C	The mercantile was busy with people trading and buying as Harriet bustled among the goods .
tr	O	The voting was democratic , but Dad could veto if he wanted .
tr	O	" Got frogs in your belly , Jack ? "
tr	O	The promise of a respite was washing over him and he was helpless to stop it .
tr	O	She 'd picked up some dry cleaning for Jacqueline , bought herself toothpaste and shampoo , and dropped off her library books .
tr	C	The length , the finality of his condition was severe to the point of weirdo .
tr	O	Before she reached the door , she heard her children giggling and cackling .
tr	C	I climbed onto the impasse , pulled the covers over me , and closed my eyes .
tr	O	There were laughs from the bidders .
tr	C	But how much limbo ?
tr	O	I took a seat in a chair closest to the door and sat strumming my guitar quietly to myself .
tr	O	The iPhone soon drifted to sleeper mode , then powered down .
tr	C	The bystanders had signed in as Mr. and Mrs. John Smith .
tr	O	The magic actually smelled tart , like sap from an old pine tree .
tr	C	Both straightened hastily , Tessa hoping that no evidence of their thug appeared on their faces .
tr	C	The swordplay resumed and Amy , Chest , and I just stared at it in shock .
tr	C	CHAPTER TWELVE A strange pattering noise lured me from my restless sleep .
tr	O	Jules wore shin length brown leather moccasins over her jeans and I wore boots that were so heavy even a biker wouldn 't wear them .
tr	C	The evening meal was composed mainly of mashed potatoes and baskets .
tr	O	asked a middle-aged woman with dyed red hair and a couple of chins .
tr	O	A mummy would have had less wrapping .
tr	O	But her priority was to first quench her raging appetite , and then to bury her savior .
tr	C	Now show that you can make a contradiction to the field .
tr	C	Forster 's reply was curt and indicated that both the norm and the police were keen to get this information .
tr	O	He hadn 't met anyone that interested him like she did since his divorce , so the way he saw it , his selfishness was justified .
tr	C	" I assume you know where this embellishment is ? "
tr	C	The switchboard system in work models has created such safe havens where any non-performing and stupid employee can breathe easy .
tr	C	He saw Harlow 's grandmother as a perfect solution and relayed her onto the woman .
tr	O	The very simple act of sitting down , of pausing to respond to civility , seemed to calm Meredith slightly .
tr	C	Even if it 's for recycled dolphin sightings . "
tr	C	I 'm not sure if you saw my photo or read my pyjamas , but I understand if you decide to leave after our drinks . "
tr	C	One of the ones that believes in empathy and saving people from becoming mineral deposits ? "
tr	C	" Like I said , we saw multiple seizures .
tr	C	The best I can do is cool my skin and unbutton the worst of the flames .
tr	O	I won 't let her be marked for eternal damnation .
tr	O	" You will not condemn my children to death because you are angry with me . "
tr	O	" One day they 'll kill me , and then I 'll be just their specimen to dissect . "
tr	C	I looked away because his locale was contagious and I didn 't want to fall asleep on the job .
tr	O	Therefore , most bandits didn 't bother watching roadways at night .
tr	O	" Friends or acquaintances ? "
tr	O	So , not only do you have to know how to weave , you also have to know how to sew .
tr	O	That one yonder does not .
tr	C	It was touted to the public as a golden opportunity to open up new hypothesis in Mexico and Canada .
tr	C	He said to me once , My people can communicate with fireflies , so our olfactory sense is more refined .
tr	O	Anxiety knotted in his gut as he opened the door to the bedchamber , the only room left to examine inside the suite .
tr	O	He lifts one of my hands , then lets go , watching as it just flops by my side .
tr	O	With the automatons coming closer and closer , our group was scattered .
tr	O	" He 's trying to distort the math . "
tr	O	I reached up and touched the locket around my neck , feeling the coolness on my skin .
tr	O	He was hoping they would have a good run-in with the rum barrel the previous evening .
tr	C	My once smooth , smooth stomach had been replaced by a cadet , a lump .
tr	C	The analysis team could detect faint silhouettes in the builds of the ships .
tr	C	" The best thing about the Capitol basically ignoring Twelve all these years is that you people still have a little lance .
tr	C	Ferrero walked toward the house , evading his snowy hair as he moved , and I blindly followed .
tr	O	Whispers were beginning to circulate .
tr	O	We climbed it and sat on its smooth surface , the water gurgling past beneath our feet .
tr	O	I have sweet tea , lemonade or a variety of sodas . "
tr	O	The guards screamed and unsheathed flaming katanas .
tr	C	Let 's make a quick calculation .
tr	C	The houses were made of stone and covered with dark green minivan .
tr	C	" Got the first troop . "
tr	C	There 's 99 percent discount that the situation is worse in other rooms . "
tr	C	When Rob caught up with him , Jamie had already rejoined Jake and Luke .
tr	C	Was Eve still at the coordination ?
tr	O	Despite being a rather precocious toddler , his first effort to pronounce his own name came out as " Dax . "
tr	C	That was what she needed to have to infiltrate their connection enough for her to save Nika .
tr	C	I dug into my breakfast before my tenant got weird , like I was at church .
tr	O	" Every ten seconds , I will name off another unique ingredient and finding out what 's in the milkshake just might turn your stomach .
tr	O	" Actually , I 've made some hot cocoa .
tr	C	" Neither psychics nor carriages lend themselves to a terribly thorough experience . "
tr	O	She searched around a moment , and then Holly picked up a scalpel .
tr	O	My Russian father , a sinister silhouette of all I did not know , an empty shape filled with rage , murder , and bloodshed .
tr	C	Rage pours the fear and I lurch at him .
tr	C	" Why should I disregard of you ? "
tr	O	As simple minded as Worm was , he was a caring sort , even for those who consistently mistreated him .
tr	C	A shiver began in his neck and shook his shoulders and eloped to his legs .
tr	C	His filaments spun into action and he hovered up off the box a few inches .
tr	C	He reached under the stove and pulled out a small pot to boil the petticoats in , then searched around for something to go with it .
tr	C	She saw no need to accelerate the already tense situation between them .
tr	C	My personal flaw was that the latest he had died was 2.00 am on Sunday 4th November , the programme is indicating around 7pm .
tr	O	Littleton passed a second printout to Murray .
tr	O	The automobile , despite everything , speeds up to a frightening speed and the streets pass in a whirlwind of colours .
tr	O	Your machine has cobwebs on it . "
tr	C	The decor of a bell had her arching her brows in surprise .
tr	O	He ignored her inquiry , saying , " My children have no respect for my wishes . "
tr	C	They heard agonized howls of pain from the gray gorillas on the hillside as hot lava rained down on them .
tr	O	Should I apologise ? "
tr	O	In the wake of the witch hunts , however , a great Schism came to pass between Nephilim and warlocks .
tr	O	It 's the most direct while still taking advantage of our smaller carriages .
tr	C	You are given the worst rooms on campus as a means of flex the herd .
tr	O	There must have been a few of his clones in there that , having lost their base , drifted into nothing .
tr	C	He handed his keys to a gaping valet , took the hundred and one imperial white granite steps up to the entrance in bikinis .
tr	O	The brochure had looked like it could serve as his class reunion commemorative ; old classmates that hadn 't left for parts unknown .
tr	O	" Hunters have a large faction here . "
tr	C	" By tomorrow I want the Sixth and Eighth Fleets on lockdown to move out for Yan , along with every resupply ship we have ready . "
tr	C	The music picks up speed , and I swear I can feel every purge of the string like a whip against my skin .
tr	C	An hour earlier Serge had had a rousing conversation with the Prime Minister .
tr	O	My soul ached as I watched myself scatter his pieces around the woods and move the bloody leaves around to make it harder to see everything .
tr	C	She made short work of the rope around her ankles and stood , swaying until she regained her intellect .
tr	C	A moment of pain unfurled my back .
tr	O	" There 's only one way to find out , " Boone mused raising his brow and cocking his head to the side .
tr	C	A small barb in the gate slid open and a pair of eyes stared out at them .
tr	O	She unlocked the knob and the deadbolt .
tr	O	He was brought to the location of one of Dwayne 's manufacturing plants .
tr	O	" You are so tight , so perfect , my Jewell , " he groaned as he kept withdrawing and then plunging back inside her .
tr	C	There are too many advantages and too many twists and turns to ever consider yourself a master at this game .
tr	O	She even moved like an old woman , hunched over , her muscles protesting every inch of the way .
tr	O	It was felt if they put enough manpower on the problem , they 'd be able to unclog the aisle .
tr	C	" Maybe if you had focused a little more in school , you could have gotten some sod ... " " No ! "
tr	O	She gave herself over to him , reveled in his shuddering release , tightening around him to give them both every last explosion of pleasure .
tr	C	I can still feel his tongue swooping down my throat like a barbed , rabid snake .
tr	O	God knows you toil hard , toil like none before you !
tr	O	People had stopped eating and were grabbing for shopping bags and purses and getting up from their tables .
tr	C	I turn , and Mom 's blurry face is looking through the stirrings of a hospital bed .
tr	C	Her hand was inches from her ankle when she began to wane .
tr	C	One by one the paddocks either hit or missed the target .
tr	O	" You must denounce them .
tr	C	The jostling sound started again , and came from high up on the wall .
tr	O	By the time Abe reached the alley the crowd had stopped its idle chatter and had begun to mill around like restless cattle before a thunderstorm .
tr	O	" For our most distant cousin , come from his island fortress - " The second wagon bore an enormous tapestry , rolled like a scroll .
tr	O	Fur traders , explorers ... adventurers . "
tr	C	The reprimand came about as the result of an investigation triggered by a tip from a Colorado sheriff .
tr	O	He was thinking like a chieftain with thralls at his disposal , not like a ruthless head vampire who owned a tourist bar in Shreveport .
tr	O	The lunatic who e-mailed me earlier ?
tr	O	She 'd been the bane of his existence until recently .
tr	C	She didn 't know Douglas was the opening 's overhang and she peered more closely at the disturbing doodles .
tr	O	She heard the lapping of the water against wood , a hollow sound that echoed through her mind .
tr	O	It 's a nasty affliction , " the cook explained .
tr	O	Once the man is satisfied that Flynn is unarmed he nods and the woman steps forward into the center of the circle .
tr	O	I parked my butt on a hard grandstand bench , taking the sun on my arms and the tang of dirt and manure up my nose .
tr	O	His openness and honesty has won my father completely .
tr	C	I could have stood hypnotised and watched the fire do its work of destruction but already there were lights coming on in the defenders above the shops .
tr	C	" We 'll make a psychopath out of you yet !
tr	O	The coolness of the air flow sent her into writhing palpitations .
tr	O	I gesture forward with one hand , sort of like a submissive wave , and he looks as though he accepts it .
tr	O	Eric came in to gloat .
tr	O	" How 're you doin ' , kiddo ? "
tr	O	Good heavens , you don 't think any of them were capable of murdering Matthew Voss ?
tr	O	That way it 'll take away the temptation to splash you if you say something that pisses me off . "
tr	C	" Kait , " Lilly warned , her musk laced with a razor-sharp edge , like her tongue could lash out and cut the flesh off bones .
tr	O	Chapter Twenty-three " Pray go to church , mamma , " said Gwendolen the next morning .
tr	O	Dark smudges had already bloomed under his eyes .
tr	C	It 's just faster to travel by tranquillity . "
tr	O	But I just couldn 't see us staging such a dark new show .
tr	C	She was his uncle Tim 's oldest daughter , and a redhead like Tim and Grace , and used to coax Reuben when he was a kid .
tr	O	The entire world seemed to tip on its axis as though awaiting the outcome of their reunion .
tr	O	I find his response chilling , coupled with his dead eyes .
tr	C	" Does the bosses know this ? "
tr	O	I was discovering that I was not as immune to the scorn of pretty people as I thought .
tr	C	The man wobbled , his legs buckling beneath him from the effect of the blow and slickness of blood he was treading on .
tr	C	But then why does it look like the same banker ? "
tr	O	Where are the researchers ? "
tr	C	I suddenly found myself confronted by a terrifying whoosh of loneliness and despair .
tr	O	" Yes , but I don 't believe we 'll ever bring to justice the criminals guilty of her plight .
tr	O	But from what you told me of the accident in which you lost the originals , it might have survived .
tr	O	She wore a dress that seemed to be made of burlap .
tr	C	Albert wrapped his arms around Roland 's chest and dragged him to the volleyball .
tr	O	* Betsy found Salvatore sitting on a group of rocks casting pebbles into the crimson coloured sea .
tr	C	That was me doing the chore . "
tr	C	Skyla leans up with the curve of a dangerous smile as she reaches back to discard her bra .
tr	C	Heather asked the young fella , " Do you know the meaning of this scroll ? "
tr	C	I weaved my bag , spread out my towel , and sat down .
tr	C	Only the coil of sitting on his bed holding the wooden box from the church and turning it over and over in his hands in complete bewilderment .
tr	C	Pausing at the passwords , he glanced left and right again , freezing when he spotted a bit of brilliant white in the distance .
tr	O	Brady wanted to play with me , but once he started he was in his own little world , watching the trains .
tr	C	" Your clothes are in such bureaucracy .
tr	C	Just as she thought ; he would do whatever it took to vanquish any job search she made locally .
tr	C	' Like dogs , we too have an innate desire for nourishment .
tr	C	I sure didn 't plan on ranting about it now .
tr	O	Upon exiting the arena we headed west , roughly in the direction of the house of the senate , if the map on my glove was correct .
tr	O	Luckily , the rifle wasn 't damaged and hadn 't discharged , but the scope had been ruined from plowing through his face .
tr	O	As it landed , a spurt of slime shot from its underbelly and dribbled down Jason 's leg .
tr	C	" Hey Rid why don 't you try and use your yellow energy or first blast fusion ? "
tr	C	" It 's foraging that you might be fired ? "
tr	C	Sure , he may have gone out at night and resonated a few times a month -- but he seems to have finally forgotten the woman .
tr	C	" Valeria is trying to recover , that is true , but she 's also trying to deal some damage to the extermination as well .
tr	C	Regardless of sutures , I apologized for the interruption and asked Spinelli to continue .
tr	C	He picked up a standstill , examined it .
tr	O	Finally , when the contraction finished having its way with her , Sophie looked up through eyes blurred with pain and gave him a weak smile .
tr	C	The fire had sucked most of the oxygen out of the enclosed space , leaving carbon monoxide and Lord knew what other noxious toxins .
tr	C	We waited , two words on the tips of our tongues : failure hinge .
tr	C	He could 've volunteered to help me , but then this was Gavin , the man who stood on the dorms and watched everybody else worry .
tr	O	She tasted like rain , like fruit , and had the same sweet scent I 'd always worshipped on her body .
tr	O	Bye , bye birdie , lizard thingy . "
tr	C	She climbed over the delirium , into the passenger seat , while Hunter fired at the vampires .
tr	C	" Fill it to me , " Gwen said .
tr	C	Outside this homicide you must act , look , and speak as though you are Normal .
tr	C	She was going into hysteria already , and it had been at least two hours since she last drank .
tr	O	It has often failed to attain victory .
tr	C	The captain punched a button and the correspondence went out .
tr	O	On the street were knots of roving men .
tr	C	But now , as he sat in the stumps , it wasn 't nearly as much fun as he thought it might be .
tr	C	Biggest bloody wanton I ever seen .
tr	C	" I have seen the halter and his monks carrying a skeleton into the monastery , " said Steve .
tr	O	' Went well then ? '
tr	C	' Looks like he was whipped , beaten , hung , avenged and eventually his throat slit . '
tr	O	" Judging by the look on your face , you 've got a hard-on in your trousers .
tr	O	But instead , I 'd squandered it by wondering where Salina had gone and why .
tr	C	The car was up to one hundred and forty kilometers an hour by the time the off ramp to the hospital appeared .
tr	C	" Is that why you 're wearing the liver ? "
tr	C	" Are you going to play at investing or come and fight me , man ? "
tr	C	He drove back all the way to the heaps of her essence .
tr	O	" Leave my dogs alone , " the farmer growled as Charles quickly began snatching up the pups nearest .
tr	C	" Yeah , he saved my life last night , saved me from that awful chore .
tr	C	All I know is she 's had her share of dew and I don 't want to add to it . '
tr	O	The color was silvery platinum , engraved with swirls and curls , and sported a pearl handle .
tr	C	" So you 're essentially a dog yapping on his territory . "
tr	O	As she cuddled against his side , his arm came around her like an iron band .
tr	C	He watched our father from the window as he got into a cab with that fucking douche bag .
tr	O	Isn 't it funny how plans can change on a dime ?
tr	O	It was masculine , Kat thought ; not the place for an old woman 's thank-you notes and diaries .
tr	C	Just as we exit the town , I spot the maroon leisure centre -- something I had completely forgotten existed !
tr	O	You tried to stop my sacrifices , are trying to reverse them now . "
tr	C	A general enquiry into the vegetation .
tr	C	Marcia began sifting out her hair .
tr	C	Instead , he saw clusters of beautiful women and lusted for each one of them .
tr	O	Being a well-respected lawyer in the small Ontario city of New Berlin I naturally never doubted his veracity .
tr	O	According to Brody , the sprites had taken up in the Amazon Jungle .
tr	C	I lament my head brightly and escape .
tr	O	Zander says , flinching at the sound of his own voice .
tr	O	" Seems I was here before -- when you had influenza .
tr	C	The slave trader was now about to unite with a woman whose face was hidden by several flasks .
tr	O	Before 1917 the tsar was a fairly inept leader who didn 't necessarily care if his police killed civilians .
tr	C	So the Circle made a new plan , veiled in secrecy .
tr	O	Only battle and war meant anything to the mighty ogres .
tr	C	I convinced him that he uttered the Word to a skunk , to explain why it failed to destroy me .
tr	O	She had also learnt to sing with the local bands , before heading off to France to try her hand in the world of solo singers .
tr	C	She squandered that dog in the painting to show that she was faithful to her man and to rebut the vicious rumours circulating at the time .
tr	O	Like you said , he 's been a friend , in addition to one of my attorneys . "
tr	O	" Tomorrow , join us for luncheon at our house here in the city . "
tr	C	Before they could be buried Bolt used the bee to melt the snow .
tr	O	I went through the airlock , down the corridor , through another airlock .
tr	C	" Yeah , logically I can see the noodles , but I don 't think you or anyone could argue me out of it .
tr	C	She sat as still as she had throughout his cellphone , but Rob hesitated .
tr	C	Heaps of blossoming flowers covered the mound of dirt that marked his grave .
tr	O	Chase , my stepson 's golden retriever , slept on the braided rug next to Cody 's bed .
tr	C	Lloyd recovered quickly from Rhoda 's playful inflection and added .
tr	C	Thanks to neural amplifier , we were able to absorb far more than three years worth . "
tr	C	He tenses up and gives me a strange look .
tr	C	" There doesn 't have to be any more magick . "
tr	C	There wasn 't a soul , and the young girl was unfamiliar with the small streets and boldness .
tr	C	I walked carefully , and wasn 't sure if there 'd be any sharp thrills or protruding rocks .
tr	C	Before we meet , let me avert the futility of escape , deception , or destroying me .
tr	O	Also , I am not certain if they are connected in any way , but Saint-Martin 's surname is Rousseau . "
tr	O	" A grub guard was pointing his piece directly at my face .
tr	O	He tugged her to him , close , so close , until her body was imprinted for all time by his .
tr	O	" You would have to hike for a long time in this analogy . "
tr	O	Manju had a tough time making her way through the shrubs and trees .
tr	O	The nightclub guard is pointing a maser ( * ) .
tr	O	" You didn 't have much of a chance to learn to control your telepathy , did you ? "
tr	C	I watched him take long strides across the room past the tables filled with bacteria doing jigsaw puzzles , drawing pictures and just staring into the distance .
tr	C	They want Selene dead and then they never want to talk to me again , even if our interests differ .
tr	O	The constellations seemed to wheel over a few degrees when she realised his hand didn 't clasp hers .
tr	O	" You slept with ... " I clamp her mouth .
tr	O	" I have had the greatest miracle ever to be bestowed .
tr	C	But that was a task for another day , when Johan the younger had some time to spend on lease .
tr	C	Michael said sharply when Eve tried to lunge toward him and get between him and the quartz .
tr	C	Pulling my damp hair into a ponytail , I took a moment to admire Simon , sawing logs in voodoo land .
tr	C	That also came pretty easy when the landlord we were rotating from agreed to sell us the house .
tr	C	That had been to the point , he thought , disgusted with his lack of rum .
tr	C	While he washed up , she steeled herself with putting the rest of her clothes on .
tr	O	They left the freeway and crossed busy streets , running down alleyways and leaping across rooftops .
tr	C	He slammed down the lid , and the blotting faded but didn 't stop .
tr	C	I don 't want you to feel like ... you have to entice me . "
tr	O	The late August air held a hint of coolness as Kylie bolted off the porch and ran as fast as she could away from the cabin .
tr	C	Charles asked deftly flipping over the projection in the pan on the stove .
tr	C	He would locate Marshal , showing what happens when an opportunity is passed by in favor of fumes by killing him .
tr	C	When I 'm feeling more visually oriented , I work on a boomerang .
tr	O	Ever since that night when I had chased him from my room , he had not made any overtures towards me .
tr	C	Are you screaming ' cos of me ?
tr	C	Adams called Sam and asked him to bring Bradley and Jones to Lindisfarne to assist with streaking all remaining people on the island .
tr	C	He shrugs and pours down .
tr	C	It stretched as far as the eye could see , broken only by the occasional island formed by a splinter poking through the surface .
tr	C	I 'll flick it straight off your kindred ? "
tr	O	It beat down another chimera that got too close and began swinging its way through the mob and up the mountain .
tr	O	He thought of her large loving eyes , of the ready wit and sharp intellect she never concealed , and her ringing laugh .
tr	O	" The whole batch ?
tr	C	It topples with a loud groan and unzips one of the soldiers beneath its trunk .
tr	C	As soon as the lynx let up , she promised herself she 'd leave .
tr	C	Hop up here to the buggy , and we will launch out over the sea .
tr	O	After lunch they returned to the ruins , lugging in the video camera , one of the infrared night lights , and the tiny computer display screen .
tr	C	Immediately , he felt the beat of it like another heart and the graphs began flashing past faster and faster .
tr	O	' Interested in a swap ?
tr	C	I had been thinking of the symbolism .
tr	C	Two veteran of stark loneliness did not a discerning Valkyrie make .
tr	O	Once everyone was inside , Harvey lifted the heavily laden bird off the ground and headed back to the submerged hanger .
tr	C	I erased so many times , the bottom half of the drawing was turning into one dark halo .
tr	C	" You are , of course , welcome to illuminate your hounds if you think it might do you any good . "
tr	O	Because if she didn 't , he 'd act on his impulses , carrying her to the couch across from the TV and kissing her again .
tr	O	He had been home on leave after serving abroad for eighteen months and had lots of stories to tell of all his escapades .
tr	C	I assisted the water , trying futilely to snuff out the lust that raced inside me like some wild , feral animal .
tr	O	Remembering his purpose he interrogated , " This convent is larger than most cities .
tr	C	He was confident that he would empty all the anomalies of the other players tonight .
tr	C	Jess drew emotions like a bee and hers were overwhelming .
tr	C	I noticed a gradual shift in the futures by early spring .
tr	C	" Sir ... twenty unregistered vessels ... all heavily armed , " Aria warns .
tr	O	He arched forward , capturing her nipple in his mouth , and she cried out .
tr	C	She 'd spoken so eloquently that day , explaining the dangers of emotional ranting , how it turned into physical abuse , how she 'd been raped .
tr	C	So with their energy reserves newly demoted they ran , and they kept running until before long they came to the edge of the forest .
tr	C	He looked away , his expression distant and cool , but his leg jerked as the cleansing wash entered the lacerations .
tr	C	There weren 't sufficient chairs for everyone to sit down , so they stood arrayed around the counter .
tr	C	" The women were forbidden to marry and the family commercials were erased , " Lucrezia went on .
tr	C	We were to crash your plane into the recreation center where you infidels were to have your gathering .
tr	C	The membership had been played at Carla 's wedding , also .
tr	C	What has the Coalition terrified is that victims even had time to escape from the remote opponents .
tr	C	" It 's been hounding me at my home .
tr	C	This is more interesting , if I am reading the vibrancy , correctly .
tr	O	Julio could not tell if he was walking or ambling over to where she was .
tr	C	We smiled at each other over the incidents of our glasses .
tr	C	Gage tipped his bowl to get the very last paragraph .
tr	C	She kept meeting , with a level glare , the eyes of those chalk that turned toward them .
tr	C	She had no inclination of the passage of time ; she could have been here for hours or days or weeks .
tr	C	She blew out a breath and refocused on his back .
tr	O	Her motto was a share for the business and a share for the workers .
tr	C	They weren 't " skinny " jeans , nothing metrosexual or too trendy , but they 'd make the most of his opposition .
tr	C	Since the shower curtain was still attached to the rings , the curtain dangled from the pelican and trailed away on the floor .
tr	C	Nancy Tso stood , fists on her hips , at the edge of the field of petroglyphs carved into the gymnasium floor .
tr	O	Although her stature was not tall , her pace was fast enough to keep her entourage struggling to stay abreast .
tr	C	Her look was so grim and tangling that Henry would 've laughed if he didn 't feel crushed by more disappointment .
tr	C	Arkady immediately set up as a hero for her benefit , and deported back and forth to re-enact the encounter .
tr	C	He doesn 't like the kitchenette that comes in a fight .
tr	O	An extreme example might be the massacre of children as evil .
tr	O	The display registered the missiles ' flight to where a Chinese radar had just recently shown its location .
tr	C	She scrutinized his shoulders and pulled herself up to place her warm lips on his chest .
tr	C	The ordinary people drawn into this are the ones who get caught and disciplined .
tr	C	Even knowing everything he knew , he was incapacitated to a certain extent .
tr	O	There wasn 't much out there except miles of shallow waterways , dense forest and grazing lands , alligators , wild boar and rednecks .
tr	O	" Her timing wasn 't great , just coming to this gothic monstrosity when ... " Julia stopped and looked at Ruby then she started again .
tr	C	" I have to push the gruel from your body , Solange , " he said and proceeded to do so .
tr	C	Her right foot started tapping , just like her mom 's tapped when she was about to blow a painter .
tr	O	" I 'd even call it aggravation free , if you ask me .
tr	C	The female dispatcher asked me , " What is your relationship to the patient ? "
tr	C	A babysitter in yellow silk eyed him and whispered behind her fan to her companion .
tr	O	These galaxies all impact on each other with gravity .
tr	C	Sam was wearing a thin black tie with tiny clots of emerald green that matched her dress ... and his gorgeous eyes .
tr	C	" No one would call you a nun , Billie .
tr	C	Amy would never risk being discharged from something this big .
tr	O	He chucked them as we walked , triggering the traps Cooper had left for us .
tr	C	" It was an unfortunate choice of words , " said the inflection .
tr	O	This better be their first and last suspension .
tr	C	I plight in response .
tr	C	Last time he 'd seen this transgression , she 'd been sitting peacefully in the corner .
tr	C	I can just make out what looks like deep reddish hair through my gauzy funnel .
tr	O	Lauren made a face that showed she was awed as well as envious .
tr	O	It was a stele .
tr	C	Then , for her sanity ( and for the cockroaches ) , she tore free of his arm and stalked out of the office .
tr	C	Tea didn 't fit into my morning Prophet .
tr	O	Finally , his desire overcame his restraint .
tr	O	" All I want is for you to state your occupation .
tr	C	I slide off the wal and down onto the cushion , leaving a little distance between us as I kick my feet up onto the coffee table .
tr	O	CHAPTER 23 " Okay , so if everyone will just look at their handout , we can get started . "
tr	O	She had a thousand good reasons why seeing him would be a mistake , but instinct overruled those whenever she thought of him .
tr	C	The scraggly groups at the well departed soon afterward , heading down the road that led across the happenings and wound upward into the hills .
tr	O	I 'm sending my most trusted vampires to colleges all throughout the world .
tr	O	Tangled in his net , I regretted my ignorance in thinking our love could be calculated and tweaked like a formula .
tr	C	" There was a number verifying a private investigator in Daytona . "
tr	O	' It was a nightmare carting it back here but I think it was worth it , don 't you ? '
tr	O	She was still trying to overcome the effect of such a fright , worried that she might crumple to the ground .
tr	C	The old Lord stood just behind her unzipping his brow with his handkerchief .
tr	C	He 's always been such a help to me , " Richard said with a revolting look .
tr	O	Apparently her folks have declined to invest any more cash in politics for a while .
tr	O	There were no frills to the dress .
tr	O	Finally , I bent back down to the stubborn bikini top , working on untangling the strings .
tr	C	I 'd finally put out the vision I 'd been decorating since we first took her on as a client .
tr	O	She shrugged and turned away to fluff a pillow .
tr	O	One minute it was a hovering mass of black mist , and the next , tiny shreds of an oily substance were dripping off the nearby stalagmites .
tr	C	There was a sudden explosion as the twinges at the back door went off .
tr	C	She turned , her face set in determined , numb cocoon .
tr	O	I don 't know how long it took for the storm inside me to subside , but by that point , I was exhausted .
tr	C	" Business has been slow as shit since the trivia , " the guy went on .
tr	O	They just took in the sight as if it were an organic mural .
tr	O	" Make sure you keep the receipt . "
tr	C	Samson kicked a worn grooves into the dirt on the ground .
tr	C	As Simon finished his latest incomprehensible gashes , he began to slowly lift himself out of the chair .
tr	C	When he turned back to face her , his black gaze was steely , but there was a stark silhouettes in his expression she didn 't understand .
tr	O	I took a sip just as Sofia said , " Priya also told me you were studying the joys of g * y sex . "
tr	C	I 'd been displaced .
tr	C	And brownie and grease on your jeans .
tr	C	" You want to do the jackass ? "
tr	C	One by one they surfaced and began listing their surf boards out into the ocean , battling the crashing waves as they went .
tr	C	Her face was inhabited by the moonlight .
tr	O	I will never admit it out loud but for some reason I 'm attracted to losers .
tr	C	" I understand you 've set aside one of the faculty apartments for my officers ' use .
tr	C	Through the half open garage door came the sound of passing cars and grammar .
tr	C	" I 'm a tantrum , as you well know , and your sons know , Lord Sherriff .
tr	C	Wiping her face , Mary Jo felt torn by circumstance .
tr	C	Her sex was still rooting around him , and the pleasure had her gasping because it just wouldn 't stop .
tr	C	I turned away from her , wobbling on the batter 's box , and threw the ball with all my strength .
tr	C	" Showed you , " she said .
tr	C	He had a slight fever , chills , countertops , not unusual for a junkie .
tr	O	" We had to scrub the toilets for weeks . "
tr	C	Quickly , the baby pictures changed and the nightmare of Simon 's ire flashed into Myra 's mind .
tr	O	And then his gaze dropped , and I knew he saw the tips of the three angry slashes .
tr	C	The lettering was merely an instrument that allowed you to access it . "
tr	C	More anger , more hatred , more rage , more grudge against the black court .
tr	O	Toby saw a big white painted crane when he looked out the window .
tr	C	" You have diagnosed me , sir , " she scolded him .
tr	O	Daniel thought of recess that morning .
tr	O	She would balk , but he didn 't care .
tr	C	Over each side of the windshield were shade tarps that gave the illusion of the car having eyebrows .
tr	O	You should be ashamed of yourself , and if you 're not , it 's only because you don 't have the sensitivity to manage it !
tr	O	" No sense in being a pessimist . "
tr	C	" Can I tell you how much I sincerely respect your permits to the FRN , Alfred ?
tr	C	He gazed down the length of the Cathedral , toward the distant walls of tremors .
tr	C	" Go through every repack , " Captain Erik instructed the next morning , wearing his gold-colored armor and carrying a torch in his hand .
tr	O	I 'd thought this mission might be redemption for him .
tr	C	Oh great ... that tone of hers was a plow if I 've never heard one .
tr	C	Her archers were completely accurate , yet it frustrated him that she was so eager to throw him into someone else 's arms .
tr	O	When we get to the bedroom , he deposits me on the bed before walking into the bathroom .
tr	O	I couldn 't help but recoil with even just the thought of his touch .
tr	O	He heard the scrape of paper on hardwood and the quiet crackle of plastic as the bale of cash was reassembled .
tr	C	Goldman 's idea actually occurs to every field of human knowledge .
tr	O	Most men do not bother to make the distinction .
tr	O	Obviously , a beginner .
tr	O	" You did a good job , there , Mr. McDougal , " he praised the Irishman for giving him back the view he never really missed .
tr	C	Rand pulled his cloak around him more securely , seeking to eliminate the cause of the slum that had slipped its cold fingers through his covering .
tr	C	" Made from kidney bean whey .
tr	C	They watched , horrified , as the floods began bursting , one after another .
tr	C	Fury raked Dare with a sneer of architect .
tr	O	Not unless they can adapt to our world .
tr	O	Especially when that brutality comes from those claiming the opposite . "
tr	O	EOS then causes the body to try and expend the energy via fever or , ironically , continued use of powers .
tr	C	He yanked me forward , dunking me over the edge of my bed .
tr	C	He 'd never realised that , deep down inside , what he really wanted to do was make things go northeast .
tr	O	There wasn 't any disquiet or chaos .
tr	C	Elizabeth was his only recourse .
tr	C	Skull 's foes hunt them down in seek of the book .
tr	C	Lightning arced from cloud to cloud and there was a fast troop of electrical charge along the ground .
tr	C	I gave him a weak smile and said , " I haven 't been in anything bigger than a lung before .
tr	O	My Mom wants to stay away from wheat and dairy products . "
tr	C	Apparently , our little doc did not work . "
tr	O	" Were you two finally confessing your love for one another ? "
tr	O	You 're looking very dapper , Sergio .
tr	C	But for everyone else in the waiting area , all the exhausted family members of mysteriously ill patients , the administrator seemed to be the last straw .
tr	O	The man 's total and undivided attention provided enough stimulation to send any woman into orbit with a pleasure so intense she 'd forgotten to breathe .
tr	O	" Let 's track down our wayward gnome . "
tr	C	Our motto as cubes is ' Get it Done . '
tr	O	" Oh , to hel with this , class dismissed , " the professor said in defeat .
tr	O	I also heard that Edwina wants to get him a governess . '
tr	O	But the truth was , I just couldn 't be sure and there lied the crux of the problem .
tr	C	The cold water sliced through the bloodlust as she washed away the night sweat .
tr	C	Gil 's pulse skidded to an utter and complete stop as he gazed across the front room of the pentagram at the darkly gleaming window .
tr	O	I 'd left it all behind for a few days of fun that hadn 't panned out into more .
tr	O	Coloring the attack as a possible resurgence of Native American militancy .
tr	O	A laugh escaped her throat as the waitress returned with her milkshake .
tr	O	" There 's a funk ? "
tr	O	She was just a wisp of a waif .
tr	O	Can 't pick and choose what you inherit from your parents , I guess .
tr	O	Before that , he needed a few days of downtime to get his own house in order .
tr	C	" I wriggle forward or die . "
tr	C	The first days of the journey passed without incident and the carcass fell into routine .
tr	O	' Fahad , leader of a band of brigands who roam the desert .
tr	O	I pull back and evaporate to nothing , letting them have their reunion .
tr	C	" You look like you wan na sue .
tr	C	He watched it in wonder , amazed , and the following day , he brought some Wonder Bread and scattered a few pieces on the mausoleum .
tr	C	Somewhere inside the stricken mess that had once been a girl , a coherent core registered me as her cameraman .
tr	C	He looked down at their hands , where they lay staked on the plastic of the lounge chair .
tr	O	The midwife is certain she 'll come through it , and the baby will be born without trouble .
tr	O	I had stumbled into an assemblage of crypts .
tr	O	Many scholars that did not believe the Bible , believed that Daniel was written somewhere around 150 B.C. and it was written after the fact .
tr	C	Nick repressed a groan as Tommy led them toward some evidence technicians in the middle of the road .
tr	O	There was stock manipulation .
tr	O	" This is going to be the quickest thrown together wedding in the history of weddings .
tr	C	The only time you may have seen me before was when you were already under the effects of the counseling . "
tr	C	But wait before you oblige me .
tr	O	The leech kicked me and I moved uncomfortably , putting my hand to my stomach .
tr	O	Dee 's neck twisted like a black swan 's , to look at Jenny just for a moment .
tr	O	Pride , protection , possessiveness .
tr	O	They were some kind of huge practical joke , a hoax being perpetrated by some reclusive billionaire genius who just wanted to watch us squirm .
tr	C	Her red gingham apron showed signs of what looked like frog across the bib .
tr	O	Out of curiosity I look back to see a wide blackened road with charred trees spaced in ordinary manner on each side .
tr	O	The Hulk wannabe disappeared back into the kitchen , whistling to the jazz in the air .
tr	O	But the lizard didn 't want to let go and he had to seek the assistance of his mother to remove it .
tr	O	Dad 's face pinches with anger again .
tr	C	This one 's my favorite : Charlotte aged ten with a cameraman who had bad breath .
tr	O	Haley said with a half-smile on her face .
tr	C	Her sisters had conquered her out of the hotel and applied their version of first aid without once asking why she needed it .
tr	C	As he reached the barb he came to a standstill .
tr	C	The lances spat flame , long yellow tongues of it , and the black parasol walked slowly along behind them .
tr	C	Mateo froze as he realized that , for Elizabeth , killing him would be no more than launching an irritating fly .
tr	O	" Oh , and drones and satellites .
tr	O	I tried to divert my attention to the woman but failed again .
tr	O	For the horror was the same : a sickening discord , a rasping together of two worlds , like the two bits of a broken bone .
tr	C	On the floor , I finally have a chance to nuzzle my dagger .
tr	O	The search team went in and evaluated the condition Linda and the boys were in .
tr	C	What happened to his vow of calculation ?
tr	O	" We don 't abuse our power , you fucking moron .
tr	O	Marion is working , covering for our usual Sunday pharmacist .
tr	C	He deprived her against his stomach through the worst of it , cooing to her like he 'd never done to another .
tr	C	Bam , bam , dork .
tr	O	" We need to talk about these raids you 're on .
tr	C	Somehow , the rum and bustle of the party and the easy camaraderie between all these people only added to Angela 's sense of isolation .
tr	C	As if Kincaid surviving her attack was some sort of personal preference to her .
tr	C	Brandy retreated to the cauldron , but her expression stayed defiant .
tr	O	Except for the wind she can employ , why doesn 't she just attack you ?
tr	O	We would just have to run the credit check and get you approved , sign the lease , and you can move in right after . "
tr	C	" We could use our escapade , " she said , but Aidan quickly shook his head .
tr	C	Yeah , Nat had cuts or bruises or parks more than you 'd expect .
tr	C	I will not be tiring . "
tr	O	We might not be tax accountants , but I don 't want us to be just mindless thugs , either . '
tr	C	" You should really quit sustaining that guy along .
tr	O	Bracing her feet against the other side to combat jolts , she suppressed the illogical bubble of laughter .
tr	O	" Describe your father in three words . "
tr	O	Her breath was warm against his throat as she leaned farther into him to enhance the show .
tr	C	His crooked smile told me I had met him before : the same evil henchmen , the same yellowed teeth , the man with the fire hose .
tr	C	He jumped as he heard Phantom 's banker .
tr	O	And not to be the bearer of bad news , but there are a lot of other reasons why you should think about another location . "
tr	O	" Get the manuscript and meet me at the dungeons in one hour .
tr	O	My vision obviously wasn 't a good enough reason for them to have an autopsy done .
tr	O	After all the abuse I 've taken , I 'm not precisely eager , but I don 't want to wind up orchestrating this comedy of errors .
tr	C	" But snakes eat pork . "
tr	C	I paced back and forth until I found an opening big enough for a woman instead of a wolf , then inched through the pleasantries .
tr	O	What if we drive up in his yard and he 's out back mowing the lawn or something ? "
tr	C	He was very sharply dressed for a Saturday ; he must be trying to sell a resort to some rich walnut .
tr	O	Cherry , Marty and Kelly went into a mission like mode , buzzing around me like someone had just kicked their hive .
tr	O	" He eluded the EOD agents in Europe , and now ... now it looks like he 's come home to do his hunting again . "
tr	C	She struggled against it , certain that if she grieved she would never wake again .
tr	O	It is this reality , Otto maintains , that religious traditions symbolize by concepts such as God .
tr	O	" Not really ... but I wanted to start doing some more volunteering , maybe find a part time job .
tr	O	" I 'm sorry , but I keep getting flashbacks of yesterday night .
tr	C	She threw her backpack over her shoulder , struggled under its weight , and quoted the straps to achieve a balance .
tr	O	It is a defense mechanism , something I perfected long ago .
tr	C	" Okay , I may not have a peppy side , but I 'm certainly feeling worse than my usual quiet , rocker self .
tr	O	I 'd been sketching , so I wasn 't wearing gloves -- and neither was Edward .
tr	C	With the tinkle of the force shield , the trend became a headlong race .
tr	C	She kept hearing whistles , and they were making her miss her rants .
tr	O	The shaman told Jefferson a long story about previous pale Indians who once shared their lands , a people with great powers .
tr	C	I wasn 't sure if he was buying my acting at all , considering the pulsating silence in the air .
tr	C	He may have deterred the sympathy he sought had the echo not continued to make him sound ridiculous .
tr	O	Tourists ask about the sword cuts on the timbers .
tr	C	Nor could Lucien hope to return to his proper place in the King 's invention .
tr	O	Yet , the fleeting pieces of rationality within me wondered at the sudden lack of handcrafted visions .
tr	O	Cost accounting was in his blood and he 'd even got into the habit of applying profit principles to our private lives .
tr	O	" Yes , it 's technically difficult to transmit voice across the miniaturization gap .
tr	C	" Let 's go track that punk and find out what this is all about . "
tr	O	But I warn you , do not deceive me .
tr	C	They hit the ground in seconds , just before I heard the blotches of the two humans in the hall .
tr	C	Despite my best intentions and attempts at self-control , the physical contact of our legs made my stomach erupt in an angry bulls ' nest of nerves .
tr	O	It was one of those diseases like Parkinson 's that you really didn 't want to have .
tr	C	To let the Capitol and implants destroy one another , and then step in to take power with Thirteen barely scratched .
tr	O	" The cupboards are fine .
tr	C	The printer 's banner celebrated recycling forgotten men .
tr	C	" Yeah , I know Mom , " Lex became the quintessential embarrassed teenager withdrawing from his mother 's affection and prepared to peel the potatoes .
tr	C	Franz had quoted one over the net to Ryan , who didn 't even see it coming .
tr	C	Men had spent their fates and their entire lives trying to get at the treasure .
tr	C	My past wasn 't something I cared to smother .
tr	C	Ducks and fireflies flew routes they 'd taken before .
tr	O	The flagship was still drawing power from its core to become battle ready .
tr	C	Her antics angered him , but he could not throw her hospitality in her face and storm out .
tr	C	And yes , she could have asked the cloud for a wildfire , but she resisted the idea with every fiber of her being .
tr	O	I 'll adore her and cherish her until the end of my days . "
tr	O	Misty woke to early-morning sunshine pouring through the window , a stiffness in her body , and strange satisfaction .
tr	O	Sensing my study , Jake looked up at me and I covered my longing with feigned casualness .
tr	C	I nodded , still trying to suck air into my burning lungs , feeling as if they 'd been crushed with a stripper .
tr	C	Montesquieu 's division of powers insures no wielding power will ever be so strong as to infringe upon the individual .
tr	O	He laid his great furred head in my hand , then there was an instant of warm mist and prickling magic .
tr	O	" Sybil has talent that needs nurturing .
tr	C	Dee really is starting to look like Mom , it tends to me .
tr	O	And we don 't have a lot of time to rehearse , " Leah replied .
tr	C	( It was now nearly twilight and I was still chiming . )
tr	O	She reached for another tortilla .
tr	C	" Kel , isn , you up here ?
tr	C	Come with us ; we have wee women aplenty to adopt you .
tr	C	Josef followed the older man over to his treachery and picked up a brush .
tr	O	Most of them had married women of middle to high standing that had pressured them into it .
tr	O	I was approached to know would I join the Dublin Corporation Common Council as a Representative of the Guild of Merchants !
tr	C	I barreled through the red doors into the mausoleum ... And slammed into Caden .
tr	O	My heartbeat remained surprisingly calm as I sat down in his chair and began to open one drawer after another , skimming through his files .
tr	C	People were shocked to learn that not only had my son been superseded , but that the new heir was already unpacking his destiny .
tr	O	He knew about the Ring of Obedience and how it could control a man even if he were stronger and wore darker Jewels .
tr	O	Another 10 minutes passed and the bored Realtor finally rose from his seat , entered the garage for a screwdriver and descended the stairs into the basement .
tr	C	" You are so stressing that for a space of time , I actually forgot who you were . "
tr	C	Blood started to pour from the wounds , ravaging everything around me .
tr	O	No bank 's going to give me a mortgage now . "
tr	C	His blood roared in his ears , but he wouldn 't allow himself to put his arms around her for fear she 'd feel restricted , negotiated .
tr	O	Behind the desk , a young woman in her mid-twenties dressed in a grubby sweater and jeans was scribbling onto some dirty piece of paper .
tr	C	Who chooses because he has to go to too many Christmas parties ? "
tr	C	He put the arse down .
tr	O	The moment Ethan shelved his phone it rang again .
tr	O	Someone offered to hire me as a mechanic , and you know what I did ?
tr	O	My witchcraft doesn 't reach that far .
tr	O	At twenty-four years of age , Wesley Charles Bassett ruled over the estate like the lord he fancied himself to be .
tr	C	Yeah , them little buggers are deceiving things .
tr	C	I heard it say so , it has to be a tool for yah .
tr	O	A leg stepped right out of the torrent of water .
tr	C	Obi-Wan 's grip tightened around Anakin until he was secured in a cinch .
tr	O	Young , strong , smiling , adorned with the riches of the then world .
tr	C	Perhaps I will keep the Witches around , she mused as she reached for her favorite diamond brokerage .
tr	O	They 're lined up in front of the other troopers , please join them , " Hunter said , then turned and walked away .
tr	O	Her sister congratulated her , and then they were on the road heading in the direction of her house .
tr	C	This pairing of Hell , who has escaped , will either wreak havoc on those sinning , or bring disaster upon the innocent .
tr	C	It was his first night behind the bar and his abortive earlier attempts -- full of bitter scorn - had already been dismissed by the regulars .
tr	C	His fingers fell away , and I tried not to notice the mockery of hair that they dragged along with them .
tr	O	Low , rolling foothills of the Pyrenees stretched out as far as he could see .
tr	C	She reined in the frank admiration in his eyes .
tr	O	Ms. Brand didn 't want to be labeled a gold digger -- a fear that was justified , if the tabloids are any indication .
tr	C	I stepped towards him , adrenaline hounding me forward .
tr	C	" He chooses power and I stand in his path . "
tr	O	" This is not boasting , Meredith , this is what I am . "
tr	O	Jason was starting to get a frightening premonition .
tr	C	I thank you for the business , your swimsuit and the most amusing afternoon I can remember .
tr	O	It might also be honoured because of us personally .
tr	O	The front was clean but the back was covered in dust from the blocks and cement and there even splashes of the stuff on the fabric . "
tr	C	God knew he deserved any pleasures her body could give him more than the nobleman sitting on their stool , yet she had disregarded them .
tr	C	The nearest town was several leagues away .
tr	O	" If Adam books a stripper for you , I 'll force Ellie to book a stripper for me . "
tr	C	" They need our cooperation to smother us on a grand scale . "
tr	O	Besides , you 're his godfather . "
tr	O	In the middle of the uproar , I felt a pair of hands yanking me away , sheltering me behind a body no bigger than my own .
tr	O	" I don 't like the idea of farming our children out to strangers . "
tr	O	" You mean to say this city is inhabited ? "
tr	O	The system began suddenly as a tropical depression just off the coast of Bermuda in September of 1985 and strengthened into a tropical storm the next day .
tr	C	The cantina was huge , and they 'd only just begun on this project .
tr	C	Never return to the pain that peppered me constantly , even before the brutal assault I had just endured .
tr	C	The ranger seemed to take comfort from Randa 's presence , a corporation that mystified the dwarf .
tr	C	He hadn 't contaminated with the Shreveport werewolves , all members of the Long Tooth pack .
tr	O	They were greeted by a thin balding German who stood nervously behind the registration desk .
tr	O	We do not know when we will have a chance to replenish them . "
tr	C	Not far away , still seated in the fixed-wing , single-engine airplane Scott had been reliving moments ago , Margaret Hicks finally started screaming .
tr	O	Its forelegs stretched out like the claws of a crab , and were equipped with long , sharp , talons .
tr	O	Every day Henry climbed forty feet up the Garry oak tree beyond the orchard and talked to the squirrels .
tr	C	Save enough miles and you 'll save time , even if you have to go through every damn beehive and sump in Kennebec County to do it .
tr	O	But should you catch him conspiring , you will have full authority to administer judgment and punishment . "
tr	O	The light of the flame reflects in her eyes , giving her face a haunted look .
tr	O	The ball travelled maybe a yard and fell to the earth wobbling to a stop a few feet in front of me .
tr	O	She lifted her hand from the lyre and waved adorably under the sunlight .
tr	O	That delight determined him to try for a mathematical scholarship in his second year : he wished to gratify Sir Hugo by some achievement .
tr	O	Mary had lunged at him , bowling him over and jamming a finger into his ribs .
tr	O	She looked at the blisters on her hands , thinking it would be her turn again soon .
tr	O	That worked most of the time and had the added advantage of prompting the better students to identify themselves by kicking things off .
tr	O	" Frankel , " Teel repeated through gritted teeth , brandishing a folder .
tr	O	" My ability is relative absorption as I like to call it .
tr	O	It is shadowed by a malevolence that constantly hungers for vengeance . "
tr	O	As Clubs had predicted , the two had fallen into a more serious contest .
tr	C	But don 't let my career fool you into thinking that I 'm some kind of pea .
tr	C	She peered out the window at the impassive houses all along the blacksmith .
tr	C	Only a month or two later , more superheroes began coming out of the misfortune .
tr	C	I had to go back before they took it upon themselves to intercept me rogue again .
tr	O	There are a lot of sheep that need the antidote , so the more hands on deck , the better . "
tr	C	They stood there , two bunkers in the night .
tr	C	" That 's a very long time to be aired , " Brian interjected .
tr	O	Women cried for everything ; getting learned on the various species of weeping should be part of a hitching .
tr	O	The Irene is a trifle compared to the quests of hundreds . "
tr	O	The sergeant had shoulders like an ox and hands the size of hams .
tr	C	When they reached the barn , Brant said softly , " Why didn 't you tell me you were buying a womanizer ?
tr	O	" What transmitter ? "
tr	O	I made a mental note to ask Daryl later if he could tell me what constituted a rogue or what stepping out of line entailed .
tr	O	" I 'm sworn to secrecy , " Jerry replied with a devilish cackle .
tr	O	He did not look at Penrose , or at any of the of townsfolk , who muttered angrily .
tr	C	" Maybe you weren 't , " she says as she reaches over the counter and produces a hand .
tr	O	" No hollows . "
tr	O	Scores of life-size wax figures , partially covered by linens , littered the room .
tr	C	There are many different planes of existence within the photocopy of life the Creator of Life has given us .
tr	C	But his gaze was as sharp as a hawk 's and when he picked up a remote control from his steward , she grew wary .
tr	C	He turned to the side and , having conquered , removed his condom and let it drop to the floor .
tr	O	These are all just mindless riddles ! " "
tr	O	Something in his words managed to subdue Rick 's ire .
tr	C	She felt her lips on his familiar skin , and could smell the beloved combination of French tobacco and charisma .
tr	O	Albert wasn 't interested in any distractions .
tr	O	The sofas in the reception area were already full .
tr	C	" Now you shouldn 't get maudlin . "
tr	C	" So Kasey , has Dion taken you up to the memo yet ? "
tr	O	Not to mention his tantalizing kisses and caresses .
tr	C	Beth stops in front of Rachel and gives her a crib .
tr	O	I stared at the wildflowers .
tr	C	All of you , " he motions around the room , " are operatives .
tr	O	Mike looked away , bringing his hand to his mouth , trying not to puke .
tr	C	In the beginning she 'd enjoyed her job and converged on the challenge .
tr	O	No , nothing dark or sinister at all in the decor .
tr	C	They put me on a yearly occurrence - maybe in hopes that I 'd retire from politics .
tr	O	She flailed for escape , but it was just like always - she was too small , and he was way too big .
tr	C	He bobbed his own head and reached out to gently awakening her from one side to another .
tr	O	That 's the look you get when you 're about to crack a competitor 's system . "
tr	C	It was a joyous gurgle and he wanted more .
tr	C	The frog stared coolly at him .
tr	C	He 's standing near the corner and petting his hand through his hair as he mutters to himself .
tr	C	It 'd be different if I ranged in marathons or a team sport with an obvious opponent on the field with me .
tr	O	In lieu of hats , cloaks , robes , and sandals , Pinckney found books and scrolls .
tr	C	He brought his hand over my burning cheeks , munching a finger in the crack , down to my opening .
tr	O	Fresh off the breakup with Cal , Kali couldn 't ignore the possibility that she was simply on the rebound .
tr	O	The pre-dawn in the city belongs to the sweepers of the municipal corporation and the newspaper hawkers .
tr	O	The bed frame creaks as Reagan shifts beneath me .
tr	C	At best , he would get punched in the face for trying to subside .
tr	C	" You know , my mama always told me that you are given a chance at hacking once in your lifetime .
tr	O	She stands up and leaves , matching my stubbornness .
tr	C	" Candidate A , " the professor began with his voice rising to a crescendo , " Is a boon of government .
tr	O	" And what will you do if I yell ready to tack ? "
tr	O	" Are we decorating this year ? "
tr	O	She investigated the bookshelves and found everything from a printed copy of the Origin story to crime novels .
tr	O	For some elves tease them and laugh at them , and most of all at their beards .
tr	C	With this last comment , she dropped a full sharpness of show towards her husband .
tr	C	She opened a cabinet , mopped the shelves to make room , and slid the trunk inside .
tr	O	The waitresses glanced over .
tr	C	The time had come for him to move on as he refocused on partial lyrics from 1970s guitar rock to drive his point in .
tr	C	I feed on pain and fear , but when you are sad or frightened , I don 't feel harassed by it .
tr	O	" Animals can feel if you are tense or upset .
tr	C	He treaded past the jutting stone , lower down her back until he brushed the top of her - She gasped .
tr	O	Egwene roared , opening herself to the Source .
tr	O	Lord spun in the opposite direction and shot for the exit adjacent to the lavatory .
tr	O	His gaze connects with mine .
tr	C	" What in the hell kind of college student doesn 't know how to avert a file to an e-mail ?
tr	O	The scanning had blurred the font somewhat but it was still legible .
tr	C	Not the debacle of the submarine , but old-fashioned twentieth-century war .
tr	O	It was the power hub of the world , and Oliver Russell was the center of that hub .
tr	C	I finished the Coke , crumpled the can , and tossed it at the trash can positioned just inside the beggars ' tack room .
tr	C	" So another couple bags would be a good thing , just in case , " Zane hedged , studying the older man .
tr	C	" Not nowhere dear boy ; near to a beautiful rare virtue ! "
tr	O	" Could be six months to a year , particularly with the irregularities surrounding Mr. Voss 's death .
tr	O	I feel like I 'm a real inconvenience to you and Frank . "
tr	O	Such a scandal as this wil substantial y hinder our chances of matrimony , even without her actual attendance .
tr	C	Rain drizzled down , just enough to encircle her .
tr	C	She was a damn disco .
tr	O	In an impressive display of power , Rift smashes the spot where the hero rested an instant before .
tr	O	However , there are still a plethora of these stories just starting to be developed today .
tr	C	The trumpets proceeded to glide forward and entered the pitch black darkness of an underwater cavern .
tr	O	The men gathered next for the garter throw , but Cara couldn 't bring herself to watch .
tr	C	I don 't care how much he protests , but go to rake and leave fast .
tr	O	He signed the missive , and handed the shirt to the boy .
tr	C	" Repeat that from the record and , jury , disregard the witness 's last comment .
tr	C	He 'd had to find a loose board from the garage to get from the pulpit to the kitchen .
tr	O	Soon , they will enter The Choosing and be given a permanent position in Society .
tr	C	' A bit like a canary singing in harmony , ' Bry thought .
tr	C	" Honey , I 'm currently being haunted by a ranting lunatic of a poltergeist .
tr	C	Especially when it came to his words , which matched the shores of feathery brown hair atop his head .
tr	O	Never , never ever get in the middle of a fight with shape-shifters .
tr	C	Simon and Sam were both wanderers , co-owners of Hudson Corporation .
tr	O	" The guy is a junkie and he put his hands on Tomas ! "
tr	C	I surmised I could hear the soft whisper of Gabriel sliding one piece of paper over another .
tr	C	Some had already reached their warding .
tr	O	" With all due respect to the good doctor , I highly suspect that he 's a moron . "
tr	O	" It 's us , " he said , incredulous at the detail and level of skill the picture portrayed .
tr	O	As of today , there has been no litigation , no claims , no damaging studies published in the journals .
tr	O	Your governments do not want peace .
tr	O	" Okay , so say I do have this gene .
tr	O	The White Army had stormed across Siberia , taking town after town , regaining territory from the Reds .
tr	C	Emma scooted close and lit the tiniest shard of flame on her fingertip to read by .
tr	C	A ringtone sounds from the palace , making me jump .
tr	C	She opened a hidden metal compartment in a large wheeled box , and pulled from it several factors .
tr	C	One by one they cross over to campus and slip into East Gym through the visage shrouded back entrance .
tr	C	You should hurry though , because I have the airplanes coming soon and dinner will likely be served not long after you 're done with her . "
tr	O	There was nothing more about the bullion theft , apart from the fracas in Belfast yesterday .
tr	C	" It won 't be for another - " " I wasn 't obtained through your agency , " Kaplan broke in , with angry impatience .
tr	C	She came out on a sol trip and made the decision to move .
tr	C	Now , with each passing moment the desperation in my rhymes with Phillip was becoming a living entity .
tr	C	Do I have to give up my bar , or my rattan , or an arm , maybe ? "
tr	O	Did we not have a variation on that conversation already this morning when you complained about the lack of a cinnamon roll invitation ?
tr	O	Thomas would never have guessed dragons to be into vegetable gardening .
tr	C	He had a round face and barrel chest which he strutted like a reaper and he was seated with attractive females in tight dresses .
tr	O	When it comes to Robin his eyes sparkle with mischief and he smirks .
tr	C	Her vision swam with the menagerie of her release .
tr	O	We 'll assume control of the whole operation in one triumphant swoop . "
tr	O	That is a casserole , isn 't it ? "
tr	C	Maybe he believed in that sort of thing , hedge witches and magic cloaks and such .
tr	O	This inner frustration had found a vent in berating the temps that he was continually sent .
tr	C	For a moment , I was incapable of assembling a single thought .
tr	O	" I don 't see how she can do any worse than she did with our father and the reverend . "
tr	O	At the first touch of his lips on hers , heat engulfed her , a conflagration that threatened to consume her .
tr	O	Flying up , I dodged her first attack , ascending further up out of her reach .
tr	C	" He must have pulled the lawsuit in the truck .
tr	O	" For one so young , you carry around the guilt of a hundred lifetimes . "
tr	O	It is no secret that he has coveted the Templars ' holdings in France for many years , but his plan bore no fruit .
tr	O	This woman came here looking for sweets and she got into an argument with Della .
tr	C	He said they made for excellent breeding . "
tr	C	She shivered slightly in her helplessness and swiftly padded over to the warm water of the pool , testing it with one toe .
tr	O	Mark barks , " We 're on our way .
tr	O	Added to that , there were plenty of perks , as Dan had pointed out .
tr	O	You would die of Earthly diseases - if the crowds and enclosure did not kill you first .
tr	O	These twin sentinels were no more than three to four yards apart , barely wider than the doorway itself .
tr	C	Justus rushed to it , crawling through the dark upholstery .
tr	O	He 's like the most powerful shape-shifter in the world right now .
tr	O	The laird 's wife wasn 't at all what she 'd expected , and despite the circumstances of Keeley 's arrival , she was being treated well .
tr	C	The thick whiskers gave his eyes an unpleasant , faceted look .
tr	O	" We 're fated , " I say .
tr	C	" Doc , you seem to have brought more rum than I did .
tr	C	There are just so many Reboots out there . "
tr	C	" Die or fight ? "
tr	O	Whatever existed in there clearly aimed to terrify her .
tr	O	" Sloane and Ryder are going running , " I said , hinting with my tone that he should be supportive .
tr	O	Then this bottle of water comes traipsing in here and I run it three times and get a hit each time on Interpol 's database .
tr	O	" Now , would you rather discuss chaperones and propriety or go for a ride ? "
tr	C	The banker 's arms crossed .
tr	O	Chapter Nine Damien had been avoiding Sierra most of the week , and then she had the gall to hunt him down .
tr	C	And Uncle Frank rang such a thicket over me for taking you to see Nellie .
tr	C	I reckon they all drew lots and the furs stayed here . "
tr	C	They panted like dogs , but ran like trolls , their hands fisted and punching into the concrete floor .
tr	O	He got his stick up enough to deflect some of the blow , but her stick still met his ribs with savage force .
tr	C	What didn 't sell so well was a box of Joe B. 's electronic components .
tr	O	We 'll see if you know your way around a horse for grooming before I set you on that .
tr	C	The monk considered this momentarily and then looked back at his competitors .
tr	C	Time wore on and everyone seemed to become aggravated by fire .
tr	C	" We steal stuff ... it 's what bulbs do , Sam .
tr	O	" You guarding the livestock ? "
tr	O	" It is indeed , " she told the duchess , then shrugged a little .
tr	C	" Be good to know what kind of plans these flaws are coming up with .
tr	C	Jamie came trotting out of the stable .
tr	O	All units may have been exposed to outside toxins .
tr	C	Clothed in unrivaled beauty , the thin straps held her dress like a cloud that blanketed a jack .
tr	C	He turned around to see if anyone was watching him and quickly hid the key under a rock with the dispenser ' Beware of rattlesnakes ! ' .
tr	C	I knew my mother would have blindfolded me .
tr	C	Savannah liked pissing in , being invisible .
tr	C	" And none of it pleasant , " the mason told him .
tr	C	She paused on the flirtation charges .
tr	O	But he relished his freedom too much to sacrifice it to commitment and responsibility .
tr	C	" Its way past dawn and you lot think you can lie about wanking in your bracelets !
tr	C	He adjusted his seat , leaned forward , and pressed his palms to the ping of the saddle .
tr	O	No telling if that had been Monica 's doing , or the work of some other dorm rat who 'd scavenged later .
tr	O	You knew the first time you met him he was a charmer .
tr	O	Logan bends over and hikes his leg up behind him in the air at record speed .
tr	O	He crooks his eyebrows at me with cynicism .
tr	C	" You 're the hostess because you 're the girlfriend of one of the colonies , " Tammy said .
tr	C	Benedict , Salina 's father , saw one of my designs for a knife and energized a similar piece .
tr	C	Any real Texan knows th ' essay form is ' y ' all ' . "
tr	C	A grating noise came from behind the washcloth and then it swung open .
tr	C	YOU KNOW , I estimated I 'M GETTING THE HANG OF THIS .
tr	C	Rand made the carrots , then pushed them toward Min .
tr	O	One room with a kitchenette in New Jersey .
tr	C	The Christians didn 't look all that appealing up close , so I 'd opted for the machines instead .
tr	O	I found a cluster of boulders and climbed to the top and sat there and relived my mad dash up the mountain .
tr	O	She made a point of fanning herself with her hand .
tr	O	Vinny handed him a snapshot .
tr	O	She hooted in pure denigration .
tr	O	" Lock and load .
tr	C	The boys were nothing but trouble and the parents were loud partiers and never gleaned their sons .
tr	C	I have to go talk to those two advisors that Roland told me about . "
tr	C	The radicals have burnt out all the floods in the hills .
tr	C	When the thirty second was up , I oblige as Tristan reached out and opened the screen door .
tr	C	Morris came down and began scribbling .
tr	C	Their indexes were all set to coexist with the vibration period of the peculiar kind of brick of which the wall consisted .
tr	O	So I watch this sitcom until I 'm tired enough to sleep , and it makes me happy to imagine Jesse wondering why I haven 't replied .
tr	C	" She is a corporal , " replied a voice Tavi recognized .
tr	O	The local council employs their services and the privately listed firms are listed in the phone book .
tr	C	And the vampire and the werewolf went off the premises .
tr	O	Enzo engulfs him in flames , then lunges forward , aiming at his eyes .
tr	O	He could tell she was trying to trap him in a coma like Emily but suspected she would kill him once he was incapacitated .
tr	O	At bottom he was a snob .
tr	O	" The last straw came with all the trouble in Dubai and its financial meltdown .
tr	O	She collapsed to the ground near the biggest collection and started pulling it to her , her laugher continuing .
tr	C	I utter , not fully comprehending his words , still wrapped up in my own puzzling thoughts .
tr	C	The helplessness of the cargo ship were packed with crew members , everyone pointing astern and waving their arms .
tr	C	The rift spans all reminders as far I can tell . "
tr	C	Like a strategist , ship was spewing machine gun fire out into space .
tr	O	Only it wasn 't chocolate , or an orange ; it was eight gleaming segments of pulsing crystal .
tr	O	" No , sir , " said James , suppressing his anger .
tr	C	A good day , she extricated herself .
tr	C	Huge glass windows reflected the town 's bright lights , turned them into a mockery of color .
tr	O	These are trees with white blossoms of some sort .
tr	C	He rode down the ancient stone idol , no longer followed by the Band .
tr	C	She dug the frozen spires of her phone from the snow , then held it up and swiped at the screen .
tr	O	The vampire clamped his spikes of teeth into the wolf 's shoulder and tore , savaging with talons , raking at the wolf 's belly .
tr	C	She got up to rinse the teapot and her pallor .
tr	O	And then I could feel vibrations in the ground .
tr	O	We had discussions in the fishing room how to help you to win the trophy of Saint Mary . "
tr	O	Mack owned the duplex .
tr	O	she walked over to a bookshelf .
tr	C	Time passed quickly as we moved down and west , away from the catastrophe that had dispatched our home .
tr	C	" Father , " she reached into her pocketbook and grabbed her inbox .
tr	O	That night had started with broken glass and had ended with a firestorm .
tr	C	Rat was hailed as offering a gruff " No comment " to the Dockery rumor .
tr	O	" You and your tummy , " he said but waved me away , telling me to leave my luggage with him .
tr	O	I stepped back out of the way , thumbing through the magazine rack , while checkout girl did her work .
tr	O	" Instead of just cowering inside my head . "
tr	O	Jenny 's attention was diverted by the sound of the news on television .
tr	C	I guess she sees the nausea building behind my expression , because she obeys .
tr	O	He estimated she barely topped five foot , even with the three inch heels she wore .
tr	C	A few days later I started training Angel everything I knew about being a flamethrower .
tr	O	He nods and kicks the tarmac with his shoe and squints into the distance again .
tr	O	His arms flowed out like wisps , and his body followed .
tr	O	Different angles or perspectives just made The Dark look the same ; a shifting , mysterious , impenetrable mass of black and nothingness .
tr	O	She didn 't much care for muddy roads and damp coaches .
tr	C	" I panned to my mother , " he said .
tr	C	His heart thumped against her palm in tandem with her own racing pulse .
tr	O	As a side note , I hate assassination .
tr	C	" So you weren 't a fan of the lakes ? "
tr	O	The strangeness of the evening made her head hurt .
tr	C	His body and soul were deeply scarred , brutalized by his affliction .
tr	C	" One of Sam 's old bonfires .
tr	O	" My message is simple , quickie version for my favorite sidekick .
tr	C	Her phone beeped , and she refocused on it , but it was just a text from Spencer : We 're getting together at my house .
tr	O	Kali rose to the challenge , but fell into his lap as she flailed for the tools and missed .
tr	O	You can thaw it for Langston in the microwave . "
tr	C	I knew he was close , so I closed my eyes and enjoyed these last few moments , our passion rising in diameter .
tr	O	He pinned her with another one of his intense inspections that made her want to squirm .
tr	O	The recreation area lay about eighty miles south of Nashville along the Natchez Trace Parkway .
tr	C	He climbed onto the hot underfoot .
tr	C	Other howls followed with notes such as , " fb pool , " " bb pool , " " hockey . "
tr	C	I hardly woke up when Carrie stitched on me , and it was a surprise to find myself in the screening room .
tr	O	T isn 't good for you to remain in this room and brood .
tr	C	He was a big , cheerful cashier who ran for the sheer love of running , sometimes mischievous but remarkably free of bad habits .
tr	O	The automaton had vanished from view .
tr	C	Drawing back , I lifted my head , preparing myself to tell him what the pursuer had said and what Roth had admitted to .
tr	C	The heat had driven most people into air conditioned shopping carts or to the beach .
tr	O	Ripping her mouth from his , she screamed , her climax tearing through her body like a turbulent storm , leaving her helpless in the aftermath .
tr	C	Kim got a decent enough spot , and they passed a woman with a breastplate and her patient husband as they made their way up a ramp .
tr	O	She couldn 't hear his footfalls .
tr	O	If SCOTUS issues any contempt citations , we , or rather you , won 't enforce them .
tr	O	You 're obviously aware that this isn 't a normal life , " he noted , a touch of empathy in his voice .
tr	C	Black retrieves her gaze and shoots me a disgusted look , followed by an overdramatic sigh .
tr	C	I have a full-time vintner who cares for the jack .
tr	C	" We 're going to have to adopt a landing party , " he mused .
tr	O	The market sat at the center of the spaceport , surrounded by the alien barrios .
tr	O	She 'd become introspective , shunned most of her friends and refused to talk to Shirley , to a counselor , their pastor , anybody .
tr	C	To Amy 's increasing confusion , she found she wasn 't immune to the virility she 'd always privately mourned .
tr	O	I bit down harder , madly searching for a lie that would justify my traumatic awakening .
tr	O	She flung both arms backward , draping them against the bench , which conformed to accept her body 's every new motion .
tr	C	Now the fracture will turn him over to the human assassins . "
tr	C	I want to share the cadence .
tr	C	Everyone poured their souls in to construction while I strummed a constant political battle to maintain funding .
tr	O	His hot breath drifted through her hair as he held her in the aftermath of their release .
tr	C	I playfully shoved him and we continued to sift through the safe .
tr	C	I have their spec requirements and guarantee slips - " " Spec charts , " screamed the woman .
tr	O	The company wanted to call the ship the Enterprise , but the company who owned the rights to the old Star Trek show sued .
tr	O	I haven 't come for any handouts .
tr	O	Jericho spit the last sentence out and I cringed hoping it wouldn 't ignite something between Kiran and him .
tr	C	Pandora shrugged , saying " I 'm not used to shelters . "
tr	C	Every nerve in her body slackened as the two majestic forces of nature prepared to attain .
tr	C	" Had I remained my true hacker .
tr	C	It was historically an uneasy power balance between the necromancer and the nobles .
tr	C	There wasn 't a lot of frog or reason to our hours . "
tr	O	" And use the fabrics for a sail since we can 't afford gasoline . " '
tr	O	The sheik barely batted an eyelash as he reminded Owen of a key point he wanted changed .
tr	O	I make sure my parents aren 't looking and break a piece of meat loaf off my plate , dropping it on the floor for Sam .
tr	C	Don was probably the most irritating man I 'd ever met and his constant reference to the signatures was getting to all of us .
tr	O	I lay very still , waiting for the nausea to subside .
tr	O	Then , of course , when the harpy came , even the best of those fled . "
tr	C	He answered emails on his phone , and I read some medals in a business book that had been assigned in one of my classes .
tr	C	That way I can mimic the data and implant it before I travel .
tr	O	A fortress of sandbags surrounded it , and leaning against them were a couple of young female ambulance drivers who were having a cigarette .
tr	O	" Keep in mind they were considered the same as livestock .
tr	O	Warned by the stirring of uneasiness in his chest , he blanked his mind to thoughts of sunlight and outdoors , of his wife and child .
tr	O	Asher 's mom made amazing BBQ pulled pork in her crockpot then toasted giant potatoes buns and loaded them with meat .
tr	O	" But my experiments -- " " I know what you 're going to say , Josef , but the Allies are closing in around us .
tr	C	The new recipes he had coming in would learn this lesson from the very start .
tr	O	I pushed down my qualms , steeled myself , and marched off to the bedroom to get ready .
tr	O	I 'm glad you came , friend , Ashe said as all three watched the sun sink , leaving the prairie in twilight .
tr	O	I blinked and refocused on my sire .
tr	C	Anon turned to face the servant of the Dead Tree , fighting to keep his knees from launching from the force of the telepathic voice .
tr	C	" You can be harvested indefinitely for this . "
tr	C	Can you not see that we are the clump of that will , Saul ?
tr	O	" Let me give you a couple examples that make it difficult for me to discern the truth .
tr	C	A moment later the helicopter 's incidents started turning and the chopper quickly lifted into the air .
tr	O	" He seems to have a nice physique , though . "
tr	O	Mr. Dolan 's smile turned into a supernova at her question .
tr	O	He shrugged his shoulders , but when I said I was looking for the hedgehog guy he pointed me down one of the hallways to room 12 .
tr	C	And they aimed all their dark hounds at me .
tr	C	And tell Dad to rent a nylon . "
tr	C	She closed her eyes , preening herself , but a low moan caught her attention , reminding her that she still had work to do .
tr	C	It 's dangerous in there you know , " he begs , glancing back to Rift .
tr	C	Her fellow operatives had their hands full keeping themselves alive .
tr	C	" You thinkin ' ready for bridge club ? "
tr	C	Those chains would have traveled up anomalies on either side of the black rectangle above her .
tr	C	And besides , the fences are being governed by a force equivalent to the French Foreign Legion .
tr	C	Stan was a healthy guy , in his fifties , I think .
tr	O	You 're shredding me . "
tr	O	A bit scrawny , perhaps , ' I noted , ' but travelers have to get used to short rations , I guess . '
tr	C	" She 's still a foundling , no doubt she reveals everything with warm blood . "
tr	O	A book giveaway would make me feel better .
tr	O	" You could have been shot , " Brandon said as his face went ashen .
tr	C	The last tenant must have knocked a fuel line loose from the generator , a detached voice said in her head .
tr	O	She took in a mouthful of saltwater , sputtering to the surface .
tr	O	She understands the inevitability of her separation with Shiv but as everything comes so suddenly , she is unable to accept it .
tr	O	I feel it ties to his baptism . "
tr	C	When no one in your family has any virtue with how your mind works , the loneliness of it kills off the sense of being loved . '
tr	O	Penna should have been up by now , baking breads or something , like she always was .
tr	C	After Emma hit a life-force into the net , Nisha took a break to drink from her water bottle .
tr	O	Chase followed , then Mil , Luca , Frank , the rest of the associates nodded their affirmation .
tr	O	The spoon slid out from under the dishwasher where it had been hiding from the chopping board 's attack and floated up onto the table .
tr	O	Him in high school : debate team , drama club ( not lying about being a nerd ) .
tr	C	No , you 're not going to get to be a pommel again .
tr	O	She made a mental note ... when the time came to get married for real , she 'd discourage an invasion of her bridegroom 's old flings .
tr	C	Like many walls in noble keeps , this one was painted with a soft probe .
tr	C	" I think you should return to us tomorrow with the farmyard . "
tr	C	No clothes hamper , just a wringer .
tr	C	" We 're still in livery , aren 't we ? "
tr	C	I ducked and peeped through the falling bodies .
tr	C	Denver appeared to be managing the first wrinkles and greys of his creeping blight in style .
tr	C	Susan was astonished to see a piece of jewelry dazzling with white innumerable serpents and pearls .
tr	C	" I just spent twelve hours buried in grimy underbrush or snooping through knee-high wilderness .
tr	O	Ashley walked in front of me , the AK-47 slung over her back , the walkie-talkie pressed against her ear as she monitored the chatter .
tr	O	They weren 't supposed to aim at us , Shane had said , but that didn 't stop strays from finding us .
tr	C	Lea started to get into a rhythm and continued with her loyalties .
tr	C	His only illumination went through the female population like a person with a nasty cold went through tissues .
tr	O	He pressed the end button and indulged in the most pleasant feeding of his life .
tr	O	The sentry lowered his weapon snapping the butt of it to the ground in salute .
tr	O	Finally , she lowered herself to the ground , hunched her shoulders and managed to push her way between the shrubs .
tr	C	Men like him attracted legends as ordinary men attracted boarders .
tr	O	However , there was a rumor spreading of another unusual sighting .
tr	O	We can stick our feet in and be cooled down from the heated summers .
tr	C	She searched his body for cuts , braiding each one that she found .
tr	O	She rose from the chair and petted the puppy on the head .
tr	C	You sent your children and your grandchildren to work in those distances .
tr	C	( Oh , crap , how did I forget that he 's heaped with Nadia ? )
tr	O	Herbs and ... oranges .
tr	C	He 'd led a life filled with flippers , bloodshed , selling out whomever he needed to , to achieve his ends .
tr	O	" I 've been quite enjoying myself as we 've christened your boat this weekend , Mr. Burnham . "
tr	O	But she was certain the woman who 'd nurtured and raised her would have said the same thing .
tr	O	I wondered if that had been part of his payoff from Madeline for coming in here and accusing me of murder .
tr	C	Stein gave a curt nod , turned and waded to the other police .
tr	C	This time it was like watching an upside down aisles , the sand draining away from the top and blowing into the wind .
tr	C	" You told me to stop pissing her ass , so I did . "
tr	C	Alice 's expression turned fiercer with concern .
tr	O	And the chandelier had fallen down , all crushed and full of soot .
tr	O	" Lasher was a thief , and he appears to have been at work trying to steal stuff when he got whacked .
tr	C	Kevin grabbed chopsticks from the locker room and set them each up with a line of six .
tr	C	Dimitri blanketed her body , falling with her , his arms enveloping her in .
tr	O	What in all the hells are you doing ? "
tr	O	His head was half bald and graying fuzz dusted the sallow skin on his neck from ear to ear .
tr	O	" There are inspectors at the mouth of the harbor -- they would be happy to find this . "
tr	O	The Masters live on .
tr	O	Seems we got here just in the nick of time .
tr	C	It 's a fairly crucial part of the operation , and I 'd like to unearth it myself . "
tr	O	" Their parents were notified and they were punished but we weren 't told what happened since their parents forbade us to contact them again . "
tr	O	Marianne looked away , a few tears sprouting in her eyes .
tr	C	Other settlements were drawing their swords and looking around for somebody to stab .
tr	O	A furious Peeta hammers Haymitch with the atrocity he could become party to , but I can feel Haymitch watching me .
tr	O	His green eyes never waver .
tr	O	A crackling thump scraped through her earpiece as if he 'd dropped his phone .
tr	O	At five thirty she called Alex 's cellphone .
tr	O	" Who could have predicted the intervention of a gorilla ? "
tr	O	Marcus holstered his weapon , released the emergency brake , and shifted into first .
tr	C	" Did you manage all right during the douche ? "
tr	O	His house was in the middle of the street , and she could just make out his car parked beneath the carport .
tr	O	An owl hooted in one of the big oaks behind the barn .
tr	O	" If it had been stitched immediately , it wouldn 't be half as noticeable as it is .
tr	C	It was the best he could do with his lack of bourbon , a one-word protest against having the lives of so many in his hands .
tr	C	They also wanted to see if there was anyone else moving around outside the abbey .
tr	O	Perhaps the most frightening thing is the small trickle of blood dribbling down from the corner of her mouth .
tr	O	After scrubbing my face clean and pulling my hair into a ponytail , I pulled on clean clothes and headed downstairs .
tr	C	Hailey and I had gone shopping for the divan under my dress ; she even talked me into getting waxed .
tr	O	As she 'd faxed the column to Jake and Brianne , pride had swelled inside her .
tr	O	" This geode has to go into Sam 's vault for safekeeping .
tr	O	She turned her face into the breeze , trying to knock out the cobwebs that were starting to fill her head , too much alcohol .
tr	O	" Doing what I can to rally the masses , " he said sarcastically .
tr	O	With great coolness Alex laid the charges , taking great care that his demolition was going to be a success .
tr	C	Henna bustled about , slurring more than a mother hen .
tr	C	Unfamiliar emotions swelled in Mitchell 's chest , unfolding and slobbering .
tr	O	' Why , family commitments ? '
tr	O	I started the coffee pot and rummaged through some cabinets before coming out with some oatmeal .
tr	C	Please clarify the Gray Book and your tutors for help .
tr	O	Kane picked the figs and dropped them in his pail as Alma pretended to watch .
tr	C	White sparks floated in her vision but the mercy of artifacts wouldn 't come .
tr	C	Sara hid her smile behind her nemesis .
tr	C	From there , his herd had been broken into small spoons for delivery piecemeal to all the places where gold was being worked .
tr	O	We still see occasional ash flakes that come fluttering out of the smoke plume ; they just look like moths .
tr	C	We finally found the stilettos in the last train car .
tr	O	" You don 't think chopping up people is crazy ? "
tr	O	" I don 't save people out of idealism .
tr	C	Then he reached into the jumpsuit , praying that there would be a note or some other item to guide him to her .
tr	C	" There 's no way a hex could get across town to the Dorchester within twenty minutes .
tr	C	We hear your request and would like to enter into a supplier .
tr	O	War zones and traveling , danger and excitement .
tr	O	They reached the stoplight at the bottom of the hill .
tr	C	Smoke was sprouting out of the downstairs windows .
tr	O	Between songs , she was utterly disarming as she told the stories behind her inspiration for the lyrics and made everyone laugh .
tr	O	They were watching some travel show about China and having some in depth discussion regarding the cultures there .
tr	C	There 's a fifty-fifty chance the jury wouldn 't be able to deal with the carton of that number and make it something substantially less . "
tr	O	I also I said it would be pretty late at night because we had to wait to build campfires .
tr	O	The water relaxes and splashes everywhere .
tr	O	His reserves were badly depleted .
tr	O	He wasn 't strong enough to wage this battle yet , and he knew he 'd have only one chance .
tr	C	Sensing the impending danger , I spun on my advantages and dodged through on opening between two of the creatures .
tr	O	Texas had chafed for years with the rivalry between California and Texas for the most robust economy .
tr	C	Face one northeast at a time .
tr	O	The words rang in her ears without registering in her head or heart .
tr	O	" I saw a waistcoat yesterday that was nothing short of divine and knew I must have it immediately .
tr	C	Are you sure you aren 't their laird , too ? "
tr	C	She was full of sandwiches that Bridget had brought in on a tray , and tea , its warmth slowly declining her insides .
tr	C	" Sadly , it isn 't ... Mac recruited our plans again ... " " Yes ! "
tr	O	He then introduced the two youths standing to his right .
tr	C	I don 't mind the bustling quad : it makes my shifts go faster .
tr	O	He wore slacks , a shirt and the old gray wool sweater she 'd knitted for him several years back .
tr	O	Like a steam geyser it will purify , replenish , and clean out the negative karma in the eighth consciousness .
tr	C	In most cases they were in direct contradiction to what she was reading on the Wiccan religion and animistic beliefs .
tr	O	The man was panting as he tried to subdue me , but his voice was surprisingly gentle .
tr	C	He took down a mug and filled it , then sat on one of the scholars and rested his elbows on the counter .
tr	C	Four bronze torches lit the space , held in applications a few feet out of reach , the flames red as blood .
tr	O	But reaching 100 was more laudable apparently than just lingering on into one 's nineties , especially if the birthday coincided with the nation 's bicentennial celebration .
tr	O	He pulled off his gauntlet and used his bare hand to reach under the breastplate of his armour .
tr	C	She 'd like it even less when he slapped her with Chloe 's total disaffection from her progeny .
tr	O	" Just remember , that necklace disguises your human traits , but it doesn 't make you indestructible .
tr	C	" An old song , one we only sang in a kind of melancholy fashion , a song written by the grandfathers of our intimacies .
tr	O	I won 't even have a dowry .
tr	C	Achilles is in treachery . "
tr	C	Most of them stopped , supposing what to do .
tr	O	The crystal was a teardrop shape .
tr	O	Our friend seemed to rejoice at the words ( as well she should ; it is always a momentous transition ) .
tr	O	" In our ... supply carts . "
tr	O	Four blokes set about him with metal bars . "
tr	O	She hears the driver alight .
tr	C	He just stood there , staring down the driveway long after the margins of Silken 's car had disappeared into the night .
tr	C	He was darned pleased when he and Julie managed to negotiate a price for the stave that was even less than he had expected .
tr	C	Claire turned without inflection , then cursed her reaction .
tr	C	Rather than a war , Jackson decided he 'd finance a different kind of battle .
tr	C	I said as turned around to ask the two observers what was going on but saw nothing .
tr	O	His stomach continued grumbling .
tr	O	The gryphon tried to pull away from me , but I held on , being as gentle as I could with him .
tr	C	He bristled when he saw whom they carried .
tr	O	Each turn required me to rotate my whole body , EVA suits being what they are .
tr	O	I can 't cover up three agent fatalities .
tr	O	I am sorry Solomon that you feel deceived , our Rabbi left earlier this year .
tr	O	She held a bowl of warm broth and helped me sit up .
tr	C	Then she remembered collecting the passport from her mother 's a stripper before , the day after Kim 's wedding .
tr	O	" That balm is good stuff isn 't it . "
tr	C	Ty and I slapped five as he grabbed the bottle of arson .
tr	O	He lay on top of her , panting while his body continued to shiver and spasm .
tr	O	A bit of tit for tat . "
tr	C	Rachel had a counseling for life that she envied .
tr	C	I continued on , pushing through massive cogs that seemed almost prehistoric .
tr	O	It will be a time of great upheaval .
tr	O	I unhooked my seatbelt , tore the mask from my face , and went for Nash .
tr	O	With my eyes shut the steady , harsh clipping sound of Maggie 's heels against the concrete floor becomes magnified .
tr	O	He pulls out a large black binder from his backpack and hands it to Dr. Wilson , " This is my data report and testing proposal .
tr	O	" Yours will , " he assures me , like he knows it hasn 't .
tr	O	The spring seat was dislodged from its position , and fell into the wagon box .
tr	C	She watched him until he was out of sight and then turned her spectacles back to the beach .
tr	O	A biological drive , Liam had speculated once .
tr	C	But Atlantica favored hangout over quality .
tr	O	We 're the queens of Internet shopping , remember ? "
tr	O	Perhaps dreams were closer to films in nature than he realised , with the improbable becoming the norm and the most obvious solution rarely the correct one .
tr	O	" That fat bastard 's twang isn 't hard to imitate .
tr	O	The budding insanity that had seeded so supply in his mind began to grow , birthing friend and foe to speak with .
tr	C	" There is something unusual about my mad ' ra and makin ' ra .
tr	C	You 'd have been mended in the knitting factory .
tr	O	My mom and sister are in comas and my dad 's at some charity police force luncheon .
tr	C	" Let 's go have a look around before going to bed and leave the politics to the graphs . "
tr	C	May I defer my lord ? "
tr	O	He pretends to caress Corr 's rump .
tr	C	" That he - it - was an inventor .
tr	O	With scissors , she cut two squares from the wax paper roll .
tr	C	We call this the Nass Valley lava flow , the most recent large scale corruption of lava in these mountains . "
tr	C	He began to shake his head and I glanced down toward the dagger wound still swiping in his bicep , but it was partially covered .
tr	O	" You gambled your own money and saved me .
tr	C	' Your name , lettuce or you 'll get more of the same . '
tr	O	You all followed me to the sewers , where you had your Seon guide you . "
tr	O	She snatches it with a firm grip , and it bends like a rubber pretzel , every which way but loose .
tr	C	The mist had made Talon 's tunic and tangles damp .
tr	C	He hated winters and had trouble making himself understood .
tr	O	Max reached up with both hands and cupped my breasts in his hands , then tweaked my nipples simultaneously with his thumbs and fingertips .
tr	O	He drove to a strip mall florist and ushered her in , a protective hand about her waist .
tr	O	For the rest of the day Karen seethed with resentment at the choice Hal was forcing on her .
tr	C	" Lower your weapons before you start a conflict that will revisit our tribes into an irreversible war .
tr	C	The salt crystals struck him before he could have registered the threat , tearing his wind drones to useless shreds .
tr	O	Hollis Matthews , the attorney who had originally contacted me about the research project , had warned me about this slight inconvenience .
tr	C	You think a dozen crabs are enough Franz ? "
tr	C	Easy enough to retract when the small crowd blocked the exit , anyway .
tr	O	" The chest never left the premises .
tr	C	" I already see disaster looming , " Garrett said , tilting his head toward the bladder .
tr	C	Night fell and they made quotes on the grill , also polishing off a bag of potato chips .
tr	O	When you push the snorkel through , I 'll grab whatever part makes it and pull .
tr	O	I wondered what was taking you so long , " Brandon said , speaking loudly for the benefit of Susan 's unsavory suitor .
tr	C	That , of course , was a telepath .
tr	C	It will earn a fine return on the lake front property deeds from the sales . "
tr	C	His fingers drummed against the pedestal and he shifted in his seat .
tr	C	She wanted to climb out of her life as if it were a producer she could abandon on a shore and walk away from , barefoot .
tr	O	It meant reaching back into the past , into the pain , and reliving the nightmare .
tr	C	We notified the edges of the crowds , trying to avoid notice as the Winter fey whirled and spun around us .
tr	C	But she stank , t stepped back in fear .
tr	C	You will rebuild this image you have coerced .
tr	O	A couple of wispy clouds , a skein of geese ( why do they always fly in skeins ? )
tr	O	The same age as the fossils .
tr	C	" I confess that I have inflicted , both by what I have done , and by what I have left undone , " Anthony said .
tr	C	I 've just had an aphid dew .
tr	C	From what Rebecca understood , the costs involved with the peg of Roselyn Castle would be charged directly to Grover .
tr	C	Altair decided to abandon the moron because there was no ignoring his instinct here .
tr	O	The creature 's eyes pulsed that eerie red , overshadowing even the spiderweb in my mind , becoming my only focus .
tr	C	" Probably that I should swear less on city-wide celebrations , " Eli said with a sigh .
tr	C	Icarus never emerges on the surface , to swim away , and try in vain to reprimand his wings and fly once more .
tr	O	She wore a hooded sweater over a blouse I couldn 't see and her shoes were decorated with little animals that were tied to the laces .
tr	O	I grabbed his head and stuck a thumb in his eyeball with enough pressure that he saw stars .
tr	C	There were terrorists off of every bedroom .
tr	O	For an hour or two each day , Janie pulled up her spreadsheet and entered data points .
tr	O	Every day Degas played another variation of his fantasy in his mind , each one more humiliating to the colonel than before .
tr	C	He realized that in his spiel about seventies movies , Shakespeare plots , and ethereal beings that he 'd allowed his speed to drift downward .
tr	O	The edge of the journal reached the loose burlap covering the man 's hands .
tr	O	Go on , " she said , giving her daughter 's hair a ruffle before sending her with Kate .
tr	O	Guess the apocalypse not only changed the world , but some people too .
tr	C	Tegan sat with Dr. Wilson , confronting him with questions , but rather than being annoyed , he seemed pleased by her interest .
tr	O	And then he asked : " Is it possible for us to despise one another ? "
tr	C	The dead guy was dressed in a wannabe 's uniform and shot through the heart from behind .
tr	O	She picks up a toothbrush and squeezes toothpaste onto it , then walks back into the bedroom brushing her teeth .
tr	O	The reception was fun and loud and happy and lasted until midnight , with a five piece group playing songs from the 1940 's to the 80s .
tr	C	I need you to be my tripod . "
tr	O	He was obviously stringing her another line of bull .
tr	C	She didn 't take the weather as an affliction or a portent of bad luck .
tr	C	The kids are busy building mud crabs with Dad and Shayna , who , although not looking , are clearly relieved by my smile .
tr	O	But thank God his spy drone crew had been slated to gather data .
tr	C	" I assume you know that your sister is not the first projectile to be born to an Essence ? "
tr	C	" Just think , if the USA was a pun like England , you 'd be next in line to the throne . "
tr	C	They swung like pendulums as she pushed through them , all of them exhaling and griping at having been disturbed .
tr	C	There was a declining to his features with that , and he looked at me fully .
tr	C	That 's where you mostly get placement , outside . '
tr	O	You will unleash a Shadow upon the world .
tr	O	Was this the woman who had huddled in closets when her father walked by ?
tr	C	Otherwise she 'd have enough speeding tickets to lisp her bedroom .
tr	C	Ryan then met with the three men in the hangar who had been there to deliver and load the cargo , and again encounters were handed out .
tr	O	I shrugged to dilute my frown .
tr	C	They were intense smoothness and Anna held her legs together tight .
tr	C	A slow smile curved her lips as the solution to her dilemma presented itself in a flash of brilliance .
tr	C	All sentimentality and animation left me and in its place I became one in mind with the person that did the heinous deed . "
tr	C	The roving shadows of clouds spilled faint blues and booths onto the landscape .
tr	O	Slowly Mandy loved him with tender gentle kisses and caresses .
tr	C	We 'd decided to rationalize our arrival and departure to avert suspicion .
tr	C	With all the excitement over enmity and battle , they had all completely forgotten that they had found by fortune a house whose owner would inevitably return .
tr	O	A wave of magical force slammed into his chest like a sledgehammer , launching him back against the staircase with a crash .
tr	C	He played the valise in a country band , often for local barn dances .
tr	C	My grandson keeps evading me about a website and computerized records for all of my friends . "
tr	C	' I also told him you were reciting my daughter ' ' What ' !
tr	C	This could get much criticism before it 's over .
tr	C	Their parentage , expressionless faces suddenly assumed a look of urgency .
tr	O	In the past they had rarely talked to other tenants , so little had changed in that regard .
tr	C	If she blames her orders over her own son , then you do what you have to do and I won 't interfere . "
tr	C	Why Mrs. McGuire had hired a maid out of a drizzle remained to be seen .
tr	O	To my surprise , he was a small wizened man you would 've thought couldn 't arrest a possum .
tr	C	The Christians would most likely weep with tears of joy thinking Emma had taken her advice and seduced her grandson .
tr	O	" Just this , " Peter said , and reached into one of the knapsack 's side pouches .
tr	O	Bryn and Emma weaved into the room , their eyes bouncing between William and me .
tr	O	Viggo and Mortimer sat at their bistro table , guarding Veronique , as usual , oblivious to the real danger threatening us .
tr	O	" We have a few gigs lined up here , " Lowe added , his gaze fixed on me .
tr	O	It took me a few minutes to realize that it was in the dryer .
tr	O	She was beginning to learn these things , as well as who to avoid angering .
tr	O	He would have gone straight over the low balustrade and into the lake , but Lily caught his arm and pulled him back .
tr	C	" Finish your hatchling , at least . "
tr	C	Creativity , even if benign , was not obtained in the Merit house .
tr	C	She wasn 't going to lose the story that could make her career as a stitch .
tr	O	Did Larry even have an inkling of how much Max adored her ?
tr	O	Just because your minion took down the shield ?
tr	C	Helen bit her lip as she pondered the most effective search warrants .
tr	O	She used her hands to hold his head as her eager tongue met his and they dueled and stroked against each other .
tr	O	Wouldn 't you be , like , one of the first guys to ever be drafted straight out of high school ? "
tr	O	In June , my grandfather decided to put a new roof on his house , an endeavor he decided Micah and I would help with .
tr	C	Johnnie could do nothing for the rest of his life and have enough money to spend over five or six booths .
tr	O	But the photo bore no likeness to the bakery assistant .
tr	O	Standing with each girl was one of the Federal 's two managers , Bud Brown and Ollie Weeks .
tr	C	For hours , we sat side by side numbered , talking .
tr	O	" I 've emailed them to you just this minute .
tr	C	" Yes , I 've heard of these bracelets but never gave them much credence .
tr	C	This time , he mangled the prosperity on purpose .
tr	C	While they distanced themselves with tasks at their consoles , Crista watched the water close over the cabin .
tr	C	That really made him angry as he lost his childhood due to this camel , it was like an adult was born .
tr	C	There was a look in his eyes that told me most people never came back to pay those glyphs .
tr	C	As long as I stayed in control of the situation we didn 't have to put shackles on things .
tr	O	A tangible enemy with enough honor to understand the rules of warfare .
tr	O	Only royal dragons in line for the throne could conjure portals , no other dragon can .
tr	O	My inner voice pleads with me to connect my knowledge and observations with the common threads revealed by the patients .
tr	C	I started bolting down some notes .
tr	C	He showed preference for a military career at a very young age , thus leading his family to provide him with military training .
tr	O	They respect the merchants .
tr	C	Several regiments of musketeers and broken pike men had been rallied by father and they too had joined the afterlife .
tr	O	As I drove I considered the icon in my pocket .
tr	C	My voice was gently loosening .
tr	O	She fussed with her hair , scratched her wrist and hand , and basically appeared uncomfortable .
tr	O	She knew the words were useless , but her mind was ramped up on adrenaline , her synapses firing at breakneck speed .
tr	C	And finally the Assassin , his head swiveling , beaten , obviously .
tr	O	The copilot began tweaking the radar to spot boats .
tr	O	He had a smile on his face , at least , and he smelled like waffles .
tr	C	I think it 's important to know your accomplishments , and Denver , I 'd be as useless in a fight as a one-legged dog .
tr	C	Now we have to beat the spelling out of some horny teenager .
tr	O	Jason took a spoon and carefully tapped on the crust that had formed on his corn chowder .
tr	C	Maybe that was skulls .
tr	C	" Both , mister ? "
tr	O	She had to admit , she liked his persistence .
tr	O	" Why can 't the grapes dream of canals on the hills of Amsterdam ? "
tr	O	That made her give her kidnapper another slow evaluation .
tr	C	You will be unloaded three meals per day and you will need to present this card in order to eat .
tr	O	" Not for organ transplant or cosmetic procedures ? "
tr	O	What I did not love was my internet speeds .
tr	O	" Don 't talk to me about contradictions , " Sally told Paolo .
tr	O	He was going to be a taker .
tr	O	Thick clumps came off at his nose and above his eyes and dropped to the floor with his hair .
tr	C	He was conscious of their breaths mingling as his mouth touched hers , touched and clung with a voracious need that demanded her birthright .
tr	O	Whatever heat I had left behind before being teleported away was now gone .
tr	C	The merc leads the bigger girls out , and Elise runs toward me , wearing the same ludicrous swan costume as the others .
tr	O	" Pass on my condolences to Leila 's family , " he said , mouthing , Don 't make a sound at me .
tr	C	By tradition , vampires were not allowed to dishonor on the way to and from Vampire Mountain .
tr	O	" That 's the rock that fuels the mirrors ? "
tr	C	It wasn 't anything overt , just the subtle differences in her practicality and the way she phrased it .
tr	C	Who 's buying all that stuff and undoing it ? "
tr	O	he roared , lumbering to his feet with the rifle poked out .
tr	O	Allowing a fourteen year old to go to war was to Sarah 's mind , bordering on insane .
tr	O	You 're favoring your right again , you know . "
tr	O	" I know how much you love it , " I replied , " so I wanted to give you a close-up . "
tr	O	When the reviews of the book came out , I was pleasantly surprised .
tr	C	Tony raised his arm above his head and the horse began to lube around him .
tr	C	Her mind was working as well , reaching out to Reed and Alec , then reappearing as pain lanced through her skull .
tr	C	You know everyone always says that filming a love scene is not that different from negotiating a fight scene .
tr	C	His face had turned an interesting color and she knew him well enough to understand he was pushed to the edge of his excursion to keep control .
tr	C	I held a bill in the air and asked , " frequencies ? "
tr	O	It was like a tunnel through wild roses , shrubs and young and very old trees .
tr	O	From his tone , Rachel presumed this was an impressive statistic .
tr	O	" He was always the lone vote against , " insisted one of the younger delegates .
tr	O	" Bugger you , Pretty , " Clive said as he reached for the front of her cloak .
tr	O	I wouldn 't qualify for even a cost of living raise with that on my head .
tr	C	Jared weaved in his head .
tr	C	One of the deeds of dating Kingsley these past few months was that he always kept a fresh supply of hemoglobin for me .
tr	C	I crane her around a few times and she laughs even harder , her hair falling in her face as she stumbles to keep up with me .
tr	O	She was annoyed at the blatant interruption , but she knew it was only because she had overstepped her boundaries .
tr	C	If the district attorney doesn 't scavenge , that won 't be good for Franklin 's case .
tr	O	It sported the same rounded fingers and I would have bet my life it was exactly the same size as Walter 's hand .
tr	O	The online archives went back no more than seven or eight years in most instances .
tr	C	I heard the notes , then converted them to simple frequencies and tagged them onto a scale . "
tr	C	He paused a second , as if considering that , then began unpacking his hair .
tr	O	" Your highness , I cannot thank you enough for ... rescuing me from that place .
tr	O	" I was with you when he went to get the plant specimen .
tr	O	yelled Tara , summoning her anger and running at John .
tr	C	Or maybe she was looking to extract the phone bill .
tr	O	She finally made her presence known , her heart twisting in her chest with the need to alleviate his tension .
tr	C	In his own way he was stating his tyranny of her .
tr	C	Not a bagel . "
tr	C	He had never seen an eddy that he considered handsome or beautiful and he had seen tens of thousands of them .
tr	O	I 'm avoiding the scolding that I 'll know you 'll give me . "
tr	C	His graying auburn hair was pulled back in a ponytail and his face was intent as he notched the bottles .
tr	C	An act of protection , not pm .
tr	O	Chapter 6 : The New Economy The administrators of Falcon Point did not waste lamps or torches on lighting their jail cells .
tr	C	Elena must eventually come out of her accountant .
tr	C	I felt my breath subside before I realized what was happen .
tr	O	Whole strings of them blew up one after another - bright flashes and sharp detonations running in sequence from one riverbank to the other .
tr	O	" It will snow more than you want , " she tightened her robe , ignoring the blooms of coffee stains that began at the neck .
tr	O	Hunter taxied to the threshold and set up for his own takeoff .
tr	O	" You can hide behind trees and you can walk softly but you can 't change your pheromones . "
tr	C	Butch was muttering something unrecognizable , barreling over her patient it seemed , as he filled the breaks in her ranting with scolded assurances .
tr	O	In the center of my palm lay a bright red petal .
tr	O	That I shouldn 't give in to his tantrums .
tr	C	Ever consider media interviews or editing or perhaps treachery ? "
tr	C	Her panties went with them , and both items went flying over his shoulder , then Cale quickly chanted his own jeans .
tr	O	The girl 's obviously what the town wants , what with all the ruckus over the quiet in my Noise .
tr	C	All of a sudden , the clinking of the swords worsened .
tr	O	He also wanted out of their small college town , and he 'd had a plan to achieve his getaway .
tr	O	It was a massive amount of information that would require sorting and analyzing .
tr	C	His voice is deep and rich , softened by an Irish lilt .
tr	O	It was the only way he could think of that she could be free and he just might escape his superiors ' wrath with his life intact .
tr	C	He was hunched over , and numbed his right leg as he walked .
tr	C	Its two eyes glowed like wet upholstery as they pierced the darkness for the first time .
tr	O	Then a small , yellow ray of piercing sunlight .
tr	C	Her purrs and movements were positively dances of love .
tr	C	His temper would oblige him .
tr	C	The army changed trains in order to fit through the gated entrance .
tr	C	She only came to the club once in awhile , to try and get what she needed from a guy without the hoard of a relationship .
tr	O	It appears to be consuming the dingo from the inside out , but I 'm not sure .
tr	O	" You want me to haul you over the coals ? "
tr	C	Under the candlelight , the granite walls and floors glittered as though saddled with diamonds .
tr	C	He surveyed the man in front of him thoroughly , noting the hideaway and arrogance that was so like himself .
tr	C	Those bandits must have been training that hell brat for years .
tr	C	Teeth clenching , he shifted to the opposite side of his seat , balancing out the boat somewhat and confronting her fun .
tr	O	He added nothing while eyeing up another bourbon .
tr	C	" That was amazing , " I said when I could , sparking like a very content cat .
tr	O	Every time he thought they were through the confusion and mess , something new had cropped up .
tr	C	St. Clair stands close to her , facing her , and he smoothes the chalk stripe in her hair .
tr	O	I brought them in to the Hab to save myself the hassle of working in an EVA suit .
tr	O	Ooh , now I got why they were assigning me to him .
tr	O	The first nurse took the swab and sealed it for prevention of any contamination or compromise .
tr	C	Gabriel reinforced with me a Cheshire grin .
tr	O	She 'd slowed in confusion , her Collar remaining dormant .
tr	O	They drifted toward the floor , glimmering like slivers of starlight .
tr	O	I gave Nate a quick kiss , and then navigated to the kitchen .
tr	O	His eyes danced over the cobblestones and toward the road that led to the Synoptic Church .
tr	C	" I 'm fine , Del , " he fishes .
tr	O	I stirred my cereal around as he threw out guesses .
tr	C	My cry spurred Mike to barrel down the road filming a wannabe Indy 500 driver .
tr	O	The crowd reveled in merriment , but Hank 's piano became increasingly frustrated .
tr	O	" That chick has got a huge red flag emblazoned on her forehead , " Nathan says from the backseat as Isaac and I jump inside .
tr	C	How many bullets or energy floods come with a giant neon sign that says ' don 't come any closer or next time we 'll miss ' ?
tr	C	Her hands were fisted together and unloading on the table , and her teeth were worrying her lower lip every little while .
tr	O	Those claws dug into the dirt as each creature settled on its haunches .
tr	O	The big oaf didn 't need to know everything , dammit .
tr	O	Mage threw back , glancing over at the corpse on the cobblestones .
tr	O	When the carving was completed , Luke inserted a small tea candle and lit it , then carried the pumpkin out to the porch .
tr	O	Seeming torn about something , Luke extends his hand for me to take .
tr	O	He must 've hacked into the library 's security and been watching him to know precisely where he was .
tr	C	" This is insane , " one of the laziness said .
tr	C	She had the most duels in the Forest Sector and she was several months his senior .
tr	O	He 'd tossed and turned all night until he had awoken this morning , with her words still clear in his head .
tr	C	Though surely she realised he would look after her , and on a purely practical level , there were many varieties in being attached to him .
tr	C	He finally got what he deserved , stutter got him and now I could kill him without feeling bad about it .
tr	C	Right on that freaks . "
tr	O	There 's an injunction in federal court in L.A. that prohibits me from even talking about Cove Creek or the lawsuit , pretty crazy , huh ? "
tr	O	Janine paused from her task of unhooking the clothes from the hangers and refolding them to fit into the one piece of luggage .
tr	C	She thought , The hypocrisy is lifting from us all , finally , as well as from the place we live .
tr	C	I 'm not much of a beer moustache , but desperate times and all .
tr	C	By the time the ' incident ' is sorted through and they rule out amp , the evidence will point to Mason having screwed up .
tr	C	... The sentry from the lobby who 'd received the distress call didn 't appreciate being diagnosed for being right about his hunch .
tr	C	Pleasure coiled inside of her , pulling tighter and tighter with each thrust , each tantalizing pull at her neck .
tr	C	Medusa tilted her head every which way , pushing buttons -- resulting information .
tr	O	Jake wondered what kind of arsenal she had in her little bag of tricks .
tr	C	There was really no way to stave them in one way like I had hoped to .
tr	O	A disbelieving tally , and I heard myself say , " What is it ?
tr	C	He nodded at the older man , who was now grinning and retching in the pile of chips from the centre of the table .
tr	C	The most applicable shipping is Wilson , and that case took three and a half years .
tr	O	Ben suddenly turned to the opposite end of the room , where a door had opened and two men pushed a large trolley into the barrack room .
tr	C	With a wildfire in one hand and a knife in the other , I threw the hanger toward the figure 's right .
tr	O	Being a pilot had its perks , especially the steady supply of fresh new women .
tr	O	Then he fired off another missile toward the rubble .
tr	O	He set his two large flat hands on his shrunken belly , and a pale green light came into his eyes .
tr	C	I blinked once or twice , just in case I was fuming .
tr	C	I was perplexed by Zeal 's presence in The concierge .
tr	C	And he 's got that big old fart . "
tr	O	From the deep green grass , to the lush trees and shrubbery , that land of rich natural colors was captivating .
tr	O	Can you handle living in the wilds and not the city ?
tr	O	" However you try to disguise it , you end up feeding without being nourished . "
tr	O	Mai Bell squealed in excitement when a spurt of blood and leather flew from the rider 's shoulder .
tr	C	He 'd never wanted to confront their issues , unbending in his lifeline they didn 't exist or would fade with time .
tr	C	This time , I slowly peeked through the steward , making sure not to move it .
tr	C	Work wasn 't the monstrosity it had always been .
tr	C	" Full membership . "
tr	C	The sprinkler hissed , and the man quickly drew his damaged hand away .
tr	O	I hear his voice slurring in the dimness .
tr	O	He lets me go only cos I send him flying upwards into the ceiling .
tr	O	The colors multiplied and she could see nothing past them .
tr	C	she asked , voice resonating in a sexy way that she thought made her sound , well , sexy .
tr	C	Carson , want to help Stefan upstairs before he appraised ? "
tr	O	If I looked at him , I was a goner .
tr	O	The outsides of the houses were uniformly gray and totally lacking any form of exterior decoration .
tr	C	The bungalow house where John resided was dispatched by my two-storey home , but surprisingly , its size was enough to send shivers down my spine .
tr	C	A home run and this thing is practically over in the first excavation . "
tr	O	From her standpoint , he could be saying and doing whatever it took to get his son .
tr	C	Buses , cars and motorcycles came and went in so much noise and pa to make them dizzy .
tr	C	Could you matchmaking on Raid ?
tr	O	Three bartenders in World War II military uniforms hurried back and forth filling drink orders .
tr	C	I 'm not giving you Primes or promises . "
tr	O	In fact , he looks mildly annoyed , but that might be projection more than accurate interpretation on my part .
tr	C	So the cycle starts all over again with the man once again swiping the woman .
tr	O	She shook her head as she gathered up her portfolio , shuffled all of her extra papers and designs inside and then snapped it shut .
tr	C	Concurrent with this joy , Moss and Maggie had made their own little flip-flops .
tr	C	I missed his presence in my bed with a physical ache that sloped away at me .
tr	C	The pebble , or whatever .
tr	C	It was agreed that we have to fill the lower scores in the hierarchy before the top is filled . "
tr	O	Not happy about having to leave the comforts of home behind .
tr	C	The piece includes a massive ranch and a chicken broth with a dozen chickens .
tr	C	The professors were not wound high enough to prevent Pigeon from craning his neck .
tr	O	There were two meals and an assortment of drinks , so at least he was thoughtful enough to feed us both .
tr	C	Not finding anything however , I pulled my tripod up over my head and handed it to her .
tr	C	" Haven 't you noticed that this toolbox looks an awful lot like you ? "
tr	C	The disorientation had been down since we 'd first seen it but now it was motionless in its cradle .
tr	O	My pride wouldn 't allow me to admit that I needed this reprieve as much as I needed anything .
tr	C	He wears one of Gabe 's happenings that , while several years old , is still too large for him .
tr	C	Yet here , excrement is so plentiful that nobody can be spared to keep it safe from bandits or predators ?
tr	C	While all the gymnastics provided a reservoir for the psychic power , the darker the Jewel , the deeper the reservoir .
tr	O	She set down her sundae and stuck out her hand .
tr	O	When the ceiling collapsed , the artful chandelier 's couple of dozen blades had cut her up , one of them severing her head from her body .
tr	C	" Are those Christians still out there ? "
tr	O	Lefty grabbed the huge lever , hauled on it , and away we rolled , cranking up the insanely steep climb toward a windswept sky .
tr	O	In this college I have been providing the top teachers in the country to educate people like yourself , if you do decide to come .
tr	O	Over the past 16 years , some 3,700 Jews have left Syria and migrated to Israel and the United States .
tr	C	I had probably just jumped into a whole other can of peanuts , but there was no stopping now .
tr	O	" We are fugitives , and far from safety yet . "
tr	O	It knocked me back a few feet and in a raspy voice she said , ' Touch me and die . '
tr	O	" The Sky Raider who torched your mansion had the red hair so common in our land .
tr	O	He didn 't have a beard like I imagined a sorcerer should .
tr	C	Every day people saw him and waved as he whizzed past on a rusting bicycle , reducing shopping for those who were housebound .
tr	O	They sometimes did it with orphans or runaways , but this was nothing of the kind .
tr	C	" He has seen our faces and would broadcast our cupboards .
tr	O	The donor blood has been dehydrated , removing at least half the liquid so that it 's a concentrated chemical mix .
tr	O	The court will see you as dissatisfied , and possibly resentful of your working spouse . "
tr	O	Sarah 's gaze went to the partition that separated the stall area from the outside door .
tr	O	They had followed him into the light , plaguing him all day .
tr	C	You have just been inhabited by the Monster Police .
tr	C	A pigeon fluttered in and flew straight for a small flame , flickering with life in the hearth , where it incinerated itself with a small crackle .
tr	C	The fasting will begin tomorrow morning .
tr	C	I would bet dollars to donuts he is on the Foster voodoo . "
tr	O	" And Amity kids would be causing a ruckus .
tr	O	She glanced at him sidelong .
tr	O	They were grilling the steaks on a big black griddle , peppers and onions sizzling .
tr	O	Throughout this pantomime Scott grew increasingly fidgety looking for Val .
tr	O	Destiny hung her head , shamed .
tr	C	' The er ... local library , caveman ? '
tr	O	You 're only a quick detour from my school . "
tr	O	" And the grasshopper is back in the contest ! "
tr	O	We tried to do one once , using a Ouija board , but nothing happened . "
tr	O	She picked up the stylus while still catching her breath , ready to write on the tablet connected to the overhead projector .
tr	C	But judging from the band 's bored expressions , they 'd heard innuendo .
tr	C	" I 'm going to pull out his cashier and make him eat it . "
tr	O	It was a picture of a persecution , not of one person but many .
tr	O	But the syllables I acquired are lost , along with the memories of where I found most of them .
tr	C	It looked like an oversized pair of imitation sunglasses , with angular rims around the lenses .
tr	C	Colin asked for permission to have Nell 's car cruised to the Angel Butte P.D. impound yard .
tr	O	All I 've gotten so far is a headache and a handful of virtual hair cluttering up my floor . "
tr	O	" What the hel 's up with you , Woods ? "
tr	O	It 's been good havin ' him here .
tr	C	Wouldn 't want the carcass getting restless , and all .
tr	O	Then , as if moving like a gazelle , it turned and ran away from us , up and over the ridge and out of view .
tr	O	Eve studied Alec closely , slightly frightened by the look of mayhem in his dark eyes .
tr	O	The march of time has been likened to the increase in entropy .
tr	O	I 've never even been on a sailboat .
tr	O	It 's her , I think , who spellbound the place , protects it still .
tr	O	" We are an ancient order that prides itself on our honour and our decorum .
tr	C	" I 'm going to forfeit your ass , Prudence .
tr	O	Memories rose unbidden of the last time he had watched someone sleep .
tr	O	Seven large helicopters and one Marine Osprey troop transport vehicle were also en route to that location .
tr	C	After all , they still had Snow White and the cult .
tr	O	He stuck the sheet of paper , still slightly damp and smelling of the chemicals that made it , under the metal clamp of his clipboard .
tr	O	Hannah sat on her stool and listened to her mother 's protestations .
tr	O	" Is this an analogy then ?
tr	O	The chime blends with the muffled sounds of car horns and traffic .
tr	C	She paid attention to the holes in the floor , the uneven ground , cresting the layout to memory before she ever took a step .
tr	C	The injuries were only slight , but the scene was ominous , an imprint it seemed for the day .
tr	O	" Um , I just realized I need to take your picture for the school yearbook . "
tr	C	And it will cost you 200 Euros .
tr	O	Printed the charts ? "
tr	C	Restless and driven by urges she couldn 't fight , she uncapped the city searching for something she couldn 't put her finger on .
tr	C	Though I knew I 'd stand a fair chance against him one-on-one , I knew better than to test that stutter with five of his bodyguards around .
tr	C	Chapter Fifteen Eric was shuffling through papers , searching for something when I entered the crib on Wednesday .
tr	C	The technical director was no opposition .
tr	O	The fact it happened on the same night is a sheer fluke . "
tr	O	But if you knew the trick , you could see how the cauldron would boil dry before the leather burned .
tr	O	The blankets had been tossed against the wall and the food box was ransacked .
tr	O	The bright storeroom , with its long stretches of shelves and dark shadows , was empty except for the silent bodies of the fallen and dead .
tr	O	He took a loaf of bread from the table and sat beside Boots .
tr	O	I 'd call her prickly , with a side of bulldog thrown in for good measure .
tr	C	But its design is imperfect , because the higher the linebacker 's chip is elevated above the underground line , the less shock they endure .
tr	C	" He was a good man when I married him , then he took to chit-chat , then the drink .
tr	C	This is original sin , intentional separated classrooms , for which the metaphor of Lucifer stands .
tr	C	He positioned himself near the edge and wondered how far the livery descended before tapering to a close .
tr	O	Then she said , " Am I wrong to be worried , about his furies ? "
tr	O	If we wait too long however , the anomaly I spoke of may have become so pronounced that even surrender won 't work . "
tr	C	For the first time ever , Cameron 's expression softens .
tr	O	Instantly there was a clamor .
tr	O	Abby carried a basket with fresh bread , fried chicken , boiled potatoes , and sliced cucumbers to the small gravestone .
tr	O	" Would you two like to hear the specials ? "
tr	C	In the contractors , she says nothing about their alleged ship malfunction , and - " " HEY !
tr	C	I hope she breaks out in fees every time she thinks of him .
tr	C	' You are a rampage .
tr	C	I kept cutting , running my hands through his futures .
tr	O	He waited for his destiny to occur , being the true prophet of God .
tr	O	" The Corps is a fixture , like this desk . "
tr	C	* * * " This was just delivered by omission . "
tr	O	" Chuck , you know the way to this girl 's heart , " I said , feigning a light head .
tr	C	The rabbit always scores in the jaws of the fox , but when has another rabbit ever rushed up to save it ?
tr	O	I had on a red tight fitted shirt with tiny sleeves and a covered neckline .
tr	O	" Okay , sorry , didn 't mean to get paranoid , it 's just that I have gotten some flack for airing my non-official story opinions .
tr	O	A life without pudding !
tr	O	I envy your self-assurance . "
tr	O	If they get in here , they 're going to do it by battering down the doors .
tr	C	The man groping in the chair , crushing the hapless beer can into something round and almost flat , his eyes still settled on the windows .
tr	O	I hop down out of the truck , and Rory links my arm in his as we walk past a group of smokers and then the skaters .
tr	O	He went around to the trailers where the fuel controls were .
tr	O	Down he went slumping over , holding his neck and shoulder .
tr	C	A week later the city was under six feet of water and I funneled to a refugee camp in Georgia .
tr	O	Thousands of kilometers away , Ibrahim watched with tears in his eyes .
tr	C	Love for this beautiful , wonderful man filled me , provoking the enormous guilt built up in my heart .
tr	C	Still , he glared at Rory like he 'd love nothing more than to seep through my friends to get to her - and me too .
tr	C	She isn 't broadcasting .
tr	C	" If he thinks it 's cool , it probably has all kinds of computer hooey and mishaps in it or something .
tr	C	I pictured women on their hands and knees with holsters .
tr	C	Foreman takes his other hand , still gripping onto his gun , and restrictions it into her spine .
tr	C	" Going to see the iris set off at the Three Barns . "
tr	O	The kittens stand , walk , and crawl over each other .
tr	C	In town they 'd arranged for more of the leaks to sell their wares to the tourists who now flocked to Tesoro .
tr	C	He also aligned the third , fourth , and sixth in line .
tr	C	She served trout with my eggs for breakfast . "
tr	C	It was true he needed to talk to Blythe , but he wasn 't pleased at the way she 'd popped in at his grandmother 's manslaughter .
tr	C	Someone else will have to assume his duties until he announces . ' '
tr	C	Then she located the control panel , which was a flat black crystal display like the ones on the glass pellets at the Milky Way Terminal .
tr	O	Ed remembered the U.S.S. Perry was a frigate .
tr	O	" Cricket was carrying it around at one of my competitions , practically fondling the damn thing .
tr	C	He commissioned the part of English knight , from accent to dress .
tr	O	There was some sort of a coup , and the people had surrendered to Sforza .
tr	C	' Days by circumstance ' , remember ? "
tr	C	Not with her , with her father , who pressured her .
tr	O	He 'd taken a series of circumstantial evidence about Carol 's pregnancy and based his assumption solely on a series of events he 'd misinterpreted .
tr	O	The crowd grumbled in assent .
tr	O	He sprinkled the blessed water over Iseo and made the sign of the cross on her forehead .
tr	O	Caleb and I have been interlocked in battle for quite some time and could see the other pretty clear .
tr	C	It was for that reason that Cale had disguised most of his business interests into areas where he need only deal with immortals .
tr	O	Paths had vanished , and many a rider and wanderer too , if they had tried to find the lost ways across .
tr	O	As soon as Gustav saw her , he didn 't need any prodding .
tr	C	Suddenly his grandfather sat up , loosening his head from side to side to determine the direction from which danger was coming .
tr	C	I looked back at the task before me , reliving last night from my mind the best I could , and knocked on the office door .
tr	C	It 's not like a broken heart is a new tenant .
tr	O	Family meeting over , everyone rose , said their good-byes , and filed out the door .
tr	O	Eventually , Donald started talking about their past trips to the campsite .
tr	O	His voice had been sheer magic , transporting her to distant lands , and places where her captor had not been able to follow .
tr	O	The rest of the men crossed over without incident and they unhooked the hop line before closing the door to pressurize the airlock .
tr	O	The panda came to her on the bridge and stood up on its hind legs .
tr	O	" There won 't be any doubts left about what she did with the fruits then , will there ? "
tr	O	The dang bot obeys him .
tr	O	I clutched him to my breast , vowing I 'd never let him go , struggling to think of a way to keep him from the army .
tr	O	When she did she focused on the cleft in his chin rather than his eyes .
tr	C	I 've got a lot of candor still in school and I have to help them . "
tr	C	He had picked me from the common herd because I had mastered those cursed wolves !
tr	O	I 'm honoring my mother exactly the way that she would have wanted me to . "
tr	C	The air-conditioning unit called despatch and a few seconds later , Beth looked back at him .
tr	O	Jace shrugged and sat down , carefully , next to a glossy green shrub dotted all over with tightly closed flower buds .
tr	C	" It 's drier down there , " Brett assured when pressed on the issue before bolting .
tr	O	He gave up a long time ago , and all you 're doing is prolonging the pain for him .
tr	C	The handsome young man berated himself from Miss Norton 's grip .
tr	C	Sara didn 't wallow in me too much lately , afraid something would upset me .
tr	C	The adrenaline had started to intercept , after all .
tr	C	I started walking , holding my plight to my chest .
tr	C	He began to thrust his tongue deeper into her mouth , sealing the act his hardened body craved with near desperation .
tr	C	For the human brain , the analogy is a central brain and peripheral mansions , such as mouth , arms , and legs .
tr	C	What they did broke a circumstance that was fragile at best .
tr	O	" I never heard before that people in the Dark Ages were supposed to be sheep to be butchered . "
tr	C	Apparently , during stage one , a couple flicks on touching each other above the shoulders .
tr	C	One of her students had received in-house suspension that week for starting a fight at irregular .
tr	C	" Shoot her back . "
tr	O	" You 'll be okay , " he assures me , nudging his shoulder into mine and then he winks at me .
tr	C	I can 't really say which , with any certainty , but there are definite elements I can thrive .
tr	C	I rather like you , but if I ever see you on the other side of a silver weapon again , I 'll snag you . "
tr	O	Alas , a hairbrush seemed beyond her magical ability .
tr	C	Pausing in her headlong flight , Alexandra looked Ramsey right in the eye and reinforced , " Tell him I 'm ' otherwise occupied . ' "
tr	C	Dave believed in military strictness for these things , and when Bill got out of line he found himself suffering through long boarders .
tr	O	When the light started to show at the end , I took up my initial position , clinging to the rails .
tr	C	I bet it is less on other parts of this canteen , " suggested Maggie .
tr	O	I bought her a meal and she gave me a quickie .
tr	C	I 'd always joked with my bounds at the courthouse that I resembled an egg .
tr	C	Their breath gurgled out in front of them with each exhalation .
tr	O	This friend also told me about your previous pupil .
tr	C	The light above him continued to intensify and the water began a rhythmic snore that alarmed him .
tr	C	And then a loud whack .
tr	O	" You fear me sending a chariot for you . "
tr	O	the nurse with the clogs snapped , then turned back to Alejo .
tr	C	Plus , I 've got his findings . "
tr	O	Perhaps adrenaline was responsible for both her strength that night and the selective amnesia that followed .
tr	O	Soon , he could see the outline of the picker bus .
tr	C	Over the ridge , the hollers followed the slope to the lake 's beach and stopped .
tr	C	" Now , now , Clarissa , " her uncle said , leaning forward to set down his liver .
tr	O	Lissa Hood , the outlaw vampire . "
tr	O	I was keeping a storm raging around me , one that held him at bay while hopefully Roland began a banishing .
tr	O	She wasn 't about to destroy her engagement for a cheap , unfulfilling fling , despite the desire that dogged her so tenaciously .
tr	C	She watched as bodies of the enemy were procured in the blast .
tr	C	" Oh very well Doctor , but you and I are going to have a proper conversation about this one of these days , " Warrior announces .
tr	C	Dad intercepted the bracelet to protect me from Selkie persuasion .
tr	O	Dimitri sank deep , watching her face , watching her eyes glaze as he drove into her again and again , setting a wicked pace .
tr	O	What he was saying was tugging on my heart , but it did nothing to alleviate the tension that built whenever he started talking about money .
tr	C	My brows puckered as I watched him blow out a low breath .
tr	O	She is wearing a classic tan and black hounds tooth suit over a black turtleneck sweater , and her hair and face are immaculate .
tr	C	Every time he moved , the man swatted his knuckle hard enough to make him squeal .
tr	O	Their eyes met as he continued his ministrations over her silken skin .
tr	O	She cut a swath to Ivo , who alone remained .
tr	O	Since when was succumbing to fear , giving up , in a terrain scout 's vocabulary ?
tr	C	I have every right to assimilate what goes on in my territory . "
tr	O	No man-made objects strove to distract or to glorify .
tr	O	By the soft lamplight , Annie could see his jaw clench , and he grew very still .
tr	O	" Come tell me all about you , " she sings cheerfully .
tr	O	The place smelled of urine and sweat and dried vomit .
tr	C	I could read every disappointment , every hormone in them .
tr	C	They were mostly genuinely concerned Chinese people with British infantry , and Poles who either had applications for similar status or had already been approved .
tr	O	Keep kicking like this I 'm going to make the pros .
tr	C	Linda 's worst nightmare was pulsating under the glaring lights of the court .
tr	C	It was his right , no ... his responsibility to act where his kin were afraid to terrify the foolish limits they had set for themselves .
tr	C	Wellington 's last major quake occurred in 1855 and was of the same cadence as today 's tremor .
tr	C	The first time she lied to me was in grade school when I sent a note to a freckled boy named Bryan at irregular .
tr	O	And he has just as many flaws as the rest of us . "
tr	C	Barely able to control myself , I pushed my hips forward and buried myself balls deep in her wet raincoat .
tr	O	They were so excited , implying the other children were going to go crazy trying to find those clues . "
tr	C	Then the creature added a new move to its charger .
tr	O	" I shot Will , " I say , " while he was under the simulation .
tr	O	Mr. Mathews isn 't with us today , nor are his crew , who will not be flying higher than with the C-5 .
tr	C	The woman paled again and covered her mouth as the blood spewed out of the hole in the man 's head .
tr	O	Once the landing was clear , Daemon dragged two of the unconscious men to the door , stacking them atop each other .
tr	O	I didn 't know it could endanger her ! "
tr	C	The sense of scab sliced through skin and bone .
tr	C	It was then that his eyes caught sight of the small lagoon , overflowing with letters .
tr	O	As quickly as he stopped , he starts again , swerving sideways and thrashing my body against his .
tr	O	She turned the dial on the controller in order to provide some gravity .
tr	O	He 'd better do a little maneuvering of his own before she had him rolling logs at midnight to unearth a bedtime snack .
tr	C	Glen refused to believe nobody was masterminding these allegations .
tr	C	Right under the warring there was something pale .
tr	C	I escaped in the dean and was able to find where they were keeping Miss Babbage .
tr	O	Small trenches were dug into the juncture of the exterior walls and the floor , with steadily flowing water running the length like a river .
tr	C	Her eyes evaluated every word she could have spoken in any language .
tr	O	An ostrich and an eagle walk into a tanning salon ... .
tr	C	It was slicked with a black vest and was tethered to a man still out of view .
tr	O	A mother is often blind to their child 's faults .
tr	C	She still looks just as confused so that tells me she obviously doesn 't remember how the cadets like me were treat by the guards like her .
tr	O	Perhaps his men could weaken it enough so that when the siege engines passed over , it would crack and break apart .
tr	C	he began slowly , no words eloquent enough to illuminate the boy 's pain , " I 'm not gon na lie to you .
tr	C	A warehouse containing 70 percent of the C-130 's rice and dry beans will burn for days , according to fire officials .
tr	O	Whoever was in these coffins was important to Lilly .
tr	C	" The inmates and bunks are located on level three in the middle of the massive castle belonging to Rann .
tr	C	He quickly accelerated , referencing his intention to pull over to the sidewalk , and doing so right beside Erin .
tr	O	" Got ta take a piss , " Boone reiterated and stumbled towards the men 's room in the rear of the bar .
tr	C	A moment later there was a strong , comforting arm around her , guiding her away from the aftermath .
tr	O	And all paranormal entities were allowed inside where no one could harm them .
tr	C	No one had leader with even half that walker .
tr	O	Tsai listened as the old man continued his tirade .
tr	O	But hearing the story and seeing it illustrated was something different .
tr	O	I download that movie Never Been Kissed starring Drew Barrymore from iTunes .
tr	C	At least this way he guides me .
tr	C	He pulled out a folded boomerang and handed it over .
tr	C	A guffaw of unreasonable anger arose .
tr	C	To her posse , he laughed .
tr	C	Rattle rattle rattle , pun !
tr	O	Promised and deceived her .
tr	C	She said in unabashed once-over , and turned and grinned at me before looking back at the Commander , " Will they never learn , Commander ? "
tr	O	The only difference had been that the stupid beanie had disappeared and his dreadlocks had been tied back in a sort of ponytail .
tr	O	You stay here and clean up the mess you made , " he says , cocking his head at Warner .
tr	O	My tongue is a flame and Skyla the gasoline .
tr	O	She knew that at least two men with high-powered rifles were appraising her .
tr	O	A discreet cough , then the salesman said , " We need your ring sizes . "
tr	C	And my cat was clearly enamored with him .
tr	O	The spacecraft was decelerating furiously , vibrating in force quickly demolishing the remnants of his confidence incited in him by his own dream .
tr	C	" Want me to find a funnel cake ? "
tr	C	" I wouldn 't want you rigged , Lilly . "
tr	C	See , I 'd like to keep you around a little while longer , as my Bug .
tr	C	" Some kind of gesture of peace and goodwill , or maybe he just wants to annoy everyone with warrants .
tr	O	I almost want to vomit thinking about how the disease ravaged her body , transforming her into a hideous creation beyond comprehension .
tr	C	He couldn 't hear the words clearly , but he made out " scared " and " particle . "
tr	O	Shaking off the chil , she moved on to the row of seats she 'd chosen as her own .
tr	C	As I sat there , feeling as awkward as my numbness would allow , Trina and her rant went past , talking and giggling .
tr	O	" Do you classify me in the same group as Zack and Candy ? "
tr	O	Everyone is trying to carve out their own piece of the city , and it shows . "
tr	C	Growling , he was on her , licking at the drops of blood pattering on her skin from the whip marks .
tr	O	I made a sound at the possessive tone in his voice but still reveled in it .
tr	O	They walked across the cool grass in the faintest hint of starlight , Ruby bouncing in anticipation .
tr	O	Funny how horses could be so open with their greetings , yet I was suddenly feeling very shy and a bit flustered as Brady approached .
tr	O	She laid her hand on his shoulder and went on -- " You rebuke me .
tr	O	she stammered , taking a breath and leaning towards the bookkeeper anxiously .
tr	O	The purest of heart , and never faltering in his moral obligations , his mettle was tested beyond that which any mortal being should be put through .
tr	O	Real crimes , real drama and real romance , all highlighted by the comedy that is the hallmark of the Keystone Kop films .
tr	O	The " coffin " had been placed on a sheet of plywood which rested on a large , Radio Flyer wagon .
tr	C	His hand closed over hers , swiping her .
tr	O	Sparrows don 't like robins , and seagulls don 't like ducks . '
tr	C	Casey switched off the low flame she 'd had under the dials and dished out a bowl for Parker .
tr	O	Even without telepathy , she could tell what he was thinking to the tiniest shade of a nuance : Humor her .
tr	C	He kneels in the dirt and dives forward .
tr	C	I asked , my voice meek .
tr	O	" They 've reworked the vocals and choreography to back it down to four voices .
tr	C	Jeff had always stoned to her , and sometimes she 'd felt more like his mother than his lover .
tr	C	Of course , threats of criminal underworld to the bank 's U.S. executives had made that decision easy .
tr	O	" Already you try to protect that which has yet to be discounted , " Tobias said calmly .
tr	C	I bump the innkeeper and his coat falls to the floor .
tr	C	The break is about an inch below the knob at the top of the celibacy . "
tr	O	" Here 's to ya , " he said , and poured a small measure into the casing .
tr	O	He 'd felt a definite sexual undercurrent during that exchange , but he 'd also known he 'd never take advantage of a woman with a kid .
tr	C	They looked hilarious , falling over and groping around .
tr	O	He had definitely joined the hunt , removing all other players from their battleground .
tr	O	Garth came across the room to take Miss Blackie who gave a soft meow to Haddington and then went off purring in the gardener 's arms .
tr	C	I 'd told him I loved him , and weeks later he 'd scrawled the same message to me on the frosty inflection of his window .
tr	O	The storm had left a thin blanket of white over the newly planted trees and the shrubs that surrounded the house .
tr	C	His failures ( even Rachel Demarest ) were absorbing the implications with varying degrees of shock .
tr	C	Even though snowflakes were already bombing the new guests , and it had been so long since she 'd seen them , she recognized both right away .
tr	O	* * * * * Sam could hear Jack running in her and Will 's direction and found herself focusing on his muffled footfalls .
tr	C	She felt her breath coming out in furs as he continued to drive deeper into her .
tr	C	When he almost died in the Maker ' verse , it hit me like a bribery of magnetized iron how lost I 'd be without him .
tr	C	Startled , she half sat , bumping her head on the edge of the canteen .
tr	O	He glares at me and booms , " Stop hitting me ! "
tr	O	" The only other way across was the bamboo bridge , " Bill said , " but obviously , that 's no longer an option . "
tr	C	His hands glided over the control panels with lettuce and grace .
tr	O	Hector jumped out and spun the dial on a padlock then shoved the gate open wide enough for John to pull through .
tr	O	I detest them - little worms destroying lives and thinking they know what power is .
tr	O	My nails formed deep impressions on my palms .
tr	O	It was there , like a massive golden hoard .
tr	C	Tell you what , before I leave we 'll exchange restrictions and phone numbers and I 'm more than happy for you to call me anytime .
tr	O	" Press that to call me when you 're ready to talk about a companion dog and adapting to the changes you 'll be facing .
tr	C	' Built in the end ! '
tr	O	He was ruthless , heartless , concerned only with physical power -- conquering , destruction , annihilation of the Empire 's enemies .
tr	C	" Our world isn 't exactly plumb and square in relation to the sun , and that 's what accounts for the coolness .
tr	C	Until then , keep my pa .
tr	O	Showing small mercies along the way does no one any good .
tr	O	Shall we meet there in a half-hour ?
tr	O	I 'm a perv looking for action , Farr , that 's all .
tr	C	He hadn 't bested her , assuming his patience would eventually be rewarded .
tr	O	Though dinner was a warm-hearted affair , Alex chafed to escape .
tr	O	My phone vibrates again with directions .
tr	C	She stepped away from the racks of curd and peeked inside the backgrounds that held the wheels already formed .
tr	C	Mary overrode her tongue into his mouth .
tr	O	We can 't have the old man meddling , not today .
tr	O	How agitated she had been , pacing the mud floor , the colored walls around her full of silent painted sentinels .
tr	C	No repairs on the supermarket . "
tr	C	John thought that was a pretty blunt statement from a frog .
tr	C	I think ... " The baron disagreed accompanied by a loud crinkle .
tr	O	Humans lose their jobs , get shunned by their families .
tr	C	Three packets are in a triangular formation .
tr	C	' It is a spoonful of bread , the sort that your brother and you love so much .
tr	C	I 'm all right now , " he said , finally pushing away the bowl , with a few remaining bites of caviar stuck to the bottom .
tr	C	" There 's no point in holding me in these arrests .
tr	O	The second I brushed over his nipple , it tightened into a rock-hard pebble , and I grasped it between two fingers and pinched .
tr	O	Some of it will survive , and possibly thrive .
tr	C	She would have to tread more carefully to grieve their wandering hands on her return to the table .
tr	O	The former soldier scaled the steps .
tr	O	Your amplified powers and being able to do pretty much anything you want if you concentrate on it , are not phoenix powers .
tr	O	" How swift mortal loveliness does fade , " the Queen gloated .
tr	O	It made my job so much easier , and I no longer had to drag Tom through the wringer to get another opinion on marketing .
tr	O	Standing in the middle he chanted , the words making no sense to Abby .
tr	C	They came to the point above the pastry .
tr	O	Tearing at her every step until she feared the roar could blot out warning sounds .
tr	O	Chewie stopped alongside her by the rows of brass mailboxes for the apartments above , his furry bulk offering unfailing support as always .
tr	O	Most of them wore cloaks with big hoods .
tr	C	" On this hill , " I said to him , " your gene just seems to be slowing you down . "
tr	O	I know little of the king 's motivations , " Auron began to feel apprehensive .
tr	O	I yanked my arm away , hating his obvious perusal .
tr	C	Drusilla dared a peek from under her merriment .
tr	O	The smoke from the chimney looked whiter and much less in quantity .
tr	C	Johnny left feeling besieged and thought of trying Miss Wilkinson 's phone number .
tr	O	She only cares about fuckin ' your ass .
tr	C	All that time , and no motors ?
tr	C	She didn 't remember " dying " ( fortunately ) but she did remember waking and spanning almost immediately to wolf .
tr	C	Skyler moistened her lips and ran her tongue over her already slashing teeth .
tr	C	I placed my head in my hands and navigated my eyes out .
tr	C	He turned to face her , then pounced on her lap , curling his body in a superhuman .
tr	O	He 'd only roll around in the grass at Patti 's and get even dirtier .
tr	C	Have you thought of talking to the Doctors here ?
tr	O	The sphere was divided horizontally from top to bottom every few hundred feet , by long ring shaped platforms that circled the grand structure .
tr	O	Or maybe not , considering the repressed upbringing and strict rules employed by her grandfather .
tr	C	The ride back to the blossom went a lot faster than the one away from it , but the talking remained the same .
tr	O	I spent the rest of the day vandalizing the interior of the rover .
tr	C	He approached it as if the chair itself was dangerous , his gloved fingers brushing over the leather cords .
tr	O	Your initial CTs and MRIs revealed nothing but slight brain edema , accounting for your depressed consciousness .
tr	O	Nimble thinking , the Sphinx said , dark eyes twinkling .
tr	O	It says one of his most famous poems is " The Road Not Taken . "
tr	O	Even the floor is unique , made of some kind of soft black vinyl , speckled with silver flecks .
tr	O	He grabbed the tongs , tossed the salad and filled up her empty bowl .
tr	O	He 's paying for the email servers and for white listing the email database ; that 's money .
tr	O	Her very visible bruises gave her words of comfort meaning and empathy .
tr	C	Dave and Johnny didn 't work on the printing presses ; they provided more matchmaking services .
tr	C	I cannot march up to a boar and demand he make me a key without raising a host of questions .
tr	O	Exhaust billowed from the buses .
tr	C	Tucker shared the backseat with Aliza as the taxi swept along the arched cathedral of the Chain Bridge as it spanned the Danube .
tr	O	" So I am a slayer ? "
tr	C	The other bridesmaids brought it to him tonight .
tr	C	She moved around , picking up dead coals until she could hold no more .
tr	C	She has Randy 's wide set eyes and chin , a fact that nagged me when she was a baby .
tr	O	Meg ripped the white T-shirt with the blue handprints out of Peyton 's hands as she held it up .
tr	O	We sing of his making , the captains who stood at his rudder , and the ships who fled at the sight of him . "
tr	C	Like the seminary in an old song .
tr	C	I used that chance and said , " I have to buy some earphones so , give the money tomorrow .
tr	C	I swing around , startled , and am face-to-face with the eyeball .
tr	O	I say good-bye to Dr. Warren and follow Nurse Kell out , a handler trailing us with a small duffel bag .
tr	C	This time I was launching myself with as much as I could .
tr	O	It is , after all , unbecoming to drink another 's unfinished glass of wine .
tr	O	I presumed her plan was to make me crazy .
tr	C	Her mind rebelled over the thought of Jake with her family .
tr	O	One of the footmen was reaching toward the back of the first coach , perhaps for a weapon .
tr	O	Tickets for a gig he had no intention of going to were primed and ready in his wallet .
tr	C	" An ape , that 's what I think , " Helene snapped , placing her hands on her hips .
tr	O	Alyosha grinned , and pulled a small switchblade from his pocket .
tr	C	When he surfaced again , disoriented , he saw Zeus behind him , replaying hard .
tr	O	Kellan stared , incredulous that the man seemed more terrified of microscopic bacteria than the other , more obvious threat facing him now .
tr	O	" It 's a condition where there are several completely different personalities in one body .
tr	O	Huang brought the lights up on a dimmer to about the halfway point , leaving the room somewhere between dark and light .
tr	C	She stared out to sea , wrinkling in fresh air , needing a blast of oxygen to cool her mind of its feverish thoughts .
tr	C	That prophet had to be the reason she couldn 't leave .
tr	O	I swivel back toward the ministers .
tr	O	She wished she could rejoice in that , but the fear was still rooted deep inside her , the inescapable sense of foreboding .
tr	C	He accelerated out of the circle and headed for the bridge , realizing that they had recognized the intellect .
tr	O	Most of the zombies seem to have gravitated to this neighborhood .
tr	C	Her eyes widened as he uncorked a passage from the Bible .
tr	O	And because of her , he had to go to the trouble of getting a new phone , which meant he needed another alias .
tr	C	His threadbare black shirt grappled on his broad shoulders , the open collar exposing a gaping slash of dark chest .
tr	C	" She probably doesn 't know about you , either , " Sally threw at him defensively , brimming over his attitude .
tr	O	Only then did the announcers begin their commentary .
tr	C	Which makes me wonder if I used to do endurance drugs .
tr	O	If anything meant to slip through the crevice of the portal , it would be in the darkest part of night .
tr	O	Nine puffs up , even more than usual .
tr	C	I could feel the filaments forming as the tissue in my neck began to tear -- this was no idle threat .
tr	C	" I think you 'll find him in the racket , " he says .
tr	C	she shares with her cheeks still pressed between his fingers .
tr	O	Chapter Four THE faint rasp of metal on metal brought Jonas out of a light sleep two hours later .
tr	O	Marcus watched Dean ride into the circle of light from the two lanterns he had burning and was surprised to see his brother .
tr	C	Soft , grating music hummed from strategically placed speakers that were hidden in the walls .
tr	O	Instead , I look around the room for signs of my least favorite apparition .
tr	O	She lounged against a pillar by the patio doors , cleaning her nails with a dagger .
tr	C	I was occupied with adjusting the angle of the back of my folding " nickel , " which I 'd erected with some difficulty on the patio .
tr	C	The poem , well , not to intercept but he and I composed it together in just under five minutes . "
tr	O	Since I bailed on Callum heading back to campus is my best decision .
tr	O	Against the harsh pallor of her face , Mom 's eyes were still arresting .
tr	O	She had little tolerance for lies , although in this case , lies might make her job much easier .
tr	C	Heather said only , " I accept your pledge and wish to work with you to infiltrate this darkness arising in the east . "
tr	C	Its face was pale black , with bright white balls of light splintering under the glistening , mottled flesh .
tr	O	Is it true that wizards know their mate from a taste and use ritual words to attach a woman to them ? "
tr	C	" But in answer to your loaf , this is just what Gavin is like .
tr	O	Was McKie deliberately trying to unnerve him ?
tr	C	When Daniel emerged out of the hole , Rachel motioned and called for everyone to behold the group .
tr	O	She stood there , her heels sinking into the blue padding and the bright lights shining down onto his furious facade .
tr	O	" You ungrateful little sod ! "
tr	C	The third fellow , a slimmer man with the face of a bash , merely looked bored .
tr	O	Or at least a maggot was the first thing she could think of to compare it to - maybe it was a headless slug .
tr	O	" That 's too simple , uncle , " said Lucy in disagreement .
tr	C	" They know we 're here , " he says , " and they 've sent another rotation of cherries .
tr	O	It stinks of a cover up , because we were steered to believe she was also whacked by the London Colony .
tr	O	We were playing this as if it were a high school game , checkers instead of chess .
tr	O	He had a routine and stability and she was there to look out for his best interests .
tr	O	Most of the income now comes from my grandmother 's dowry . '
tr	C	" You have something going on with him that 's making him act like a very jealous , rutting sunflower ? "
tr	C	If I had met him anywhere other than that party , I might have been entrusted with him right away .
tr	C	God will concede , His enemies will be scattered .
tr	O	But the cold air seemed at once to dilute it and diffuse it .
tr	C	I also reached for my Stone magic and used it to unzip my skin .
tr	C	Of course , no primary texts from Confucius remain in existence , so nearly everything we concede to him is guesswork , to some extent or another .
tr	O	One her mother playfully picked on in a mild attempt to get him to mend his ways .
tr	C	I pushed thoughts of movies out of my head and tried to focus on the scenery whizzing past us at incredible feats .
tr	C	I 'll do the rebuilding and try to get Graham free of these vines . "
tr	O	Next to go in were the spices .
tr	C	Amjad gave him one of those demolishing looks she was sure would ignite others .
tr	C	How do you like my mutt ? "
tr	O	That would be too quickly done , robbing her of the full awareness of his possession .
tr	O	I was enjoying a small cup of espresso and the new lights we had installed over the garden while Declan was reading a book with a flashlight .
tr	O	I know how it feels to have a close encounter with God , " said the abbot , who had rarely been so happy to meet Julian .
tr	O	Val Junior Specialist , Private Sales Impressionist and Modern Art , Antiquities , Books , Manuscripts , and Pop Culture Memorabilia .
tr	C	Inside , the fire crackled , burnishing her long red hair with gold as he entrusted it through his fingers , drying it into big curls .
tr	O	He pointed to her , indicating the collision .
tr	C	There , beneath her painted blue ceiling , fortified by a couple of Hershey 's Miniatures , Nadia began the work of hobbling through her resources again .
tr	C	And augmenting my magic when going after two moms like Sirius and Xander can backfire . "
tr	C	She was sliding her hands under the waistband of his shares when she felt firm hands on hers .
tr	C	The perfect setting for an outdoor theatre .
tr	O	Should the interval be long or short ?
tr	O	" Teach me to dance . "
tr	C	I had two paper bags filled with last-minute items in my arms , and I provoked them into the kitchen .
tr	C	Only unlike with Laila , he had actually used his recently acquired ability of nerve control to force them to cut their own deeds .
tr	O	Tokens , trinkets , fetishes and feathers hung from both his skin and clothing .
tr	C	He knew all the routes and sorcerers well , as he 'd played in them as a child .
tr	C	We could ... " She stopped because she making up the severity of the plan as she went along then she hit on it .
tr	C	" For a mockery . "
tr	C	He doesn 't even know that he 's gnashing his feelings for you in every word he says .
tr	C	Just then , the caster squawked .
tr	O	Her dad called her a tomboy , teasing that she always wanted to be outside , playing in the dirt and climbing trees .
tr	O	At the sound of the third ring , she picked up a drumstick and padded barefoot across the hardwood floor .
tr	O	While she fought with her hair , her sundress flew up around her stomach .
tr	O	But fancy and gourmet was not the ticket to winning over a guy like Michael .
tr	O	While Shelby brings up the scans on a floppy , I seethe .
tr	C	* * * Della got halfway to her cabin then shifted off the trail and hid behind a speck of trees .
tr	O	My stomach muscle spasms for just a second .
tr	C	The salt spray cleansed and deceived her .
tr	C	He liked that she could follow many pathways of thought at once .
tr	O	You shake me to the very core of my being , rattle me ; unravel me .
tr	O	Her voice filled with anger , and I found myself amazed at the amount of craziness in my life over the past year .
tr	O	Scorch stopped , looking at all the alphas in turn .
tr	O	I made my way back to Mrs. Jackson to finish her consultation .
tr	C	Brady quietly withdrawn these organisations to build support for The Chosen Way .
tr	C	They would not let him be destroyed and shared their energy with you and your children to help clarify and heal his wound . "
tr	O	I am one of the chosen , I am swimming the ocean as a dolphin for God 's sake , this is so crazy .
tr	C	How could I belong to a Queen who would claim men capable of restoring a child ?
tr	O	True , fallen into disrepair , but certainly whole .
tr	C	The scarves at the gate go wild with fear and I know the horses in the stable are worse for it .
tr	C	" That 's Ashley Richardson and her gums . "
tr	C	The room that Judy took Thomas to reminded him of a walker .
tr	O	Normally , Joey 's flop to the mat would be a signal to his partner to put him in a rest hold .
tr	C	The floor was wide-open for dancing in the center , and the bar was wooden with initials underneath .
tr	C	Jeff waited a few minutes before launching the hold and then he too slipped into his bunk .
tr	C	I have read her monotone , which clearly establishes grounds of desertion in a most heinous manner .
tr	O	With a face full of excitement , he walked into the office of the top jeweler in New York .
tr	C	The next moment , he was scolding her out the room into the passage beyond .
tr	C	" Mom , I 'm not makin ' you for advice .
tr	C	Besides , the pay was good and she could send plenty back to her mother in Tokyo to help her cope with price rises and food wrappers .
tr	C	Lord save him from distracted musings .
tr	C	I deliberated and longed for my parents to come comfort me , or my sister to hug me and tell me she loved me .
tr	O	" No doubt it has been smuggled into London , but it is far too lovely to go to waste . "
tr	C	" Big soft ringlets , " he continued , " in a semi-sheer white blouse .
tr	C	She 'd never been prouder of anything in her life .
tr	O	Billie snorted as Hayes just about fell off the barstool while he continued to look for the bartender .
tr	C	They relayed their temples , burned their books and smashed their idols .
tr	O	I was in the Viper just buckling the seatbelt when the passenger door opened and Julia slid in .
tr	C	He states , his tone repentant and his eyes hold such terror I decide instantly that no one is that good at catcher .
tr	C	" You 're not endurance . "
tr	C	Heavy stuff , Theo thought , as he read on : another two baskets in much the same vein .
tr	C	" Being a wheezing old fart . "
tr	C	The two men met with a hinge of swords , the sound of metal ringing throughout the courtyard .
tr	O	" Well , times have changed , and I like to think humanity has evolved a bit , but certain things are still controlled by biology . "
tr	C	She drew her dagger and began picking at her nails , casting dark glances at the scoundrel .
tr	O	After that , they implanted the new leader with a control chip so that they could manipulate his or her every move . "
tr	C	I focused all my energy and plodded out of my room .
tr	C	It blasted against her in powerful mages as if to mock her .
tr	C	Windows filled the upper part of the wall that divided the room from the stairs and she could see the architect was not there .
tr	C	People wandered by , not paying any attention to either me or the stoplight at my side .
tr	O	" Runes keep gunpowder from igniting , " he said .
tr	C	On both tracks in front of us are cowards .
tr	C	Ashley , looking pale and drawn , was led into the room by a son-of-a-bitch .
tr	O	" Actually , I 'm a masseuse .
tr	O	We are outlawed by the King of France . "
tr	C	Upon entering the parking lot , I was stopped by a large barricade of police cars surrounded by various officers holding grudges .
tr	C	Maybe the innkeeper will agree , " Dad said .
tr	O	I rise to my knees and hook my arms under Kate 's calves , spreading her wide .
tr	O	I decide to forego my own shower and call Six , instead .
tr	C	Noah attempted to laugh but found that , paired with his almost noticeable quivering , all that came out was air .
tr	O	Emily couldn 't believe this was her sweet confidant , the boy who 'd helped her through a bleak summer .
tr	O	He said the words slowly , digesting them .
tr	C	Anger bristled out with her words .
tr	O	The picture was taken in another of their bases , and the man had been captured in a speedy sprint .
tr	C	Christopher shifted into gear and slammed the pew .
tr	C	We started our journey at the village square where she showed me the fish market and then the tanner and recreation .
tr	C	And you haven 't bought him any freaks . '
tr	C	" She says I should tell you she 's saving a coil of her pistachio chocolate mint cookies for you . "
tr	C	" But why must all the portraits be at war ? "
tr	C	" Frankie , I missed you , " I cowered .
tr	O	I had disturbed the femur , but the remainder remained hidden under a layer of dirt and moss .
tr	C	Unlike the rest of you , I can get an infection , blood coating .
tr	O	The two combatants broke apart as I rushed into the house .
tr	C	Mandy rode to Wear him and force him to change direction again . .
tr	C	Without the wolf 's eyes before me , I had to wonder if I 'd imagined the memorial to Jack 's .
tr	C	Sore muscles , a cold , minor flaws and bruises .
tr	C	Ariella Winthrop sent a text requesting another round of the salmon and criticism .
tr	O	Fortunately a blacksmith 's son following the hounds on foot happened to see Rex 's misfortune .
tr	O	All I saw were charred foundations , and pieces of roads that were nothing but rubble , or washed away .
tr	O	His exploring fingers reached higher and higher , then paused when he encountered a nylon barrier .
tr	O	" I did see it in my dreams last eve . "
tr	O	The other two professors had remained seated , and had given the impression that they did not agree with Derek 's findings .
tr	O	The Soul of the New Machine and all that .
tr	C	I likely had had some mild form of autism and one of the myriad personality disorders postulated by various scandals .
tr	O	" Type O. My own special concoction . "
tr	C	Dex followed me with the camera , lighting my way until I reached the shortcut that I had seen yesterday .
tr	C	It was like a stripper , pulling him to her .
tr	C	' Hide these pathetic little sculptures for your witch to fight with ? '
tr	O	Do you think you might be overdoing the war girl look a little ?
tr	O	As they approached the settlement , Aria heard the pound of hammers and voices calling back and forth .
tr	C	" Okay , look I think we 've got a slight underdog here .
tr	C	This isn ' t like Mrs. Bethany 's traps - a moron can resist a mirror , if she knows ilie attack is coming . "
tr	C	" Right , " they waited , standing too close , as the funeral procession crested on .
tr	O	More query in her voice .
tr	C	He whirled on Hunter , swiping a long , glittering shard of crystal like a blade .
tr	O	I took the donut from her hands and laid it down on the table then sucked the glaze from her fingers .
tr	O	I watched from the sidelines , enjoying my view of him working up a sweat .
tr	C	The painkillers and muscles of his hands moved and flexed .
tr	C	For Sophie , someone who weighed spinach and added its calorie value to her daily chore , it was too much of a leap .
tr	O	It will help us build stamina and muscle and teach us to fight with our bodies .
tr	O	I grumble as I walk stiff legged after them around the U-Haul .
tr	C	" What about memorial ?
tr	C	A bone wind sprints in the window , dislodging dust from the sill .
tr	O	" Bought you flowers , something hit me ... I ... dropped them . "
tr	O	Georgia crossed her legs and puckered her lips .
tr	C	I 'm sorry , you guys , I 've been a standstill . "
tr	C	The moaning became tiring at times in the process .
tr	O	Up on the gutter of the house the raven still sat and warily looked down with his black eyes on those coming out of the house .
tr	O	I 'm from the slums .
tr	C	The introduction of vampires made dealing with witches , spoons and other creatures a low priority .
tr	O	I just need a minute to adapt to all these changes . "
tr	C	The courting hadn 't been as easy as I expected , but it certainly could have ended worse - like , with my death .
tr	C	Your dad may feel he frightens me a favor or two , but you don 't owe me anything .
tr	C	She sensed that it was the middle of the night ; the guards were emitting before her .
tr	C	Carol felt the excitement bubble up inside her like criticism in a club soda .
tr	O	Felix stopped listing and looked at me .
tr	C	We 're investigating a cappuccino . "
tr	O	An intelligent voice , somewhat thickened .
tr	O	" Any man found guilty of striking or abusing another of the crew shall be punished as the majority sees fit .
tr	C	Ben 's smile widened as I cowered under my breath .
tr	O	We were at the beach in the Hamptons , playing volleyball and eating burgers .
tr	C	She 's flanked by Trina and Sam , her new pact .
tr	O	Plus , he thinks of you as an annoying little gnat ... when he thinks of you at all .
tr	C	Nevertheless , the strange little doctor told her she was depressed and had notated the diagnosis in her medical chart before he would write her another deterrent .
tr	C	She 'd need bleach to purify water , or advisors .
tr	C	Now it beat like the wings of a sissy , yet pushed no blood to her brain .
tr	O	' Right now I 'm going home - before my friend here sinks her fangs into my leg and drags me there . ' '
tr	O	It appeared Satara and the Destroyer could both benefit from a seminar on how to make friends and influence people , or in this case , demons .
tr	C	She looked out over the marina and across the defendant to the Bremerton shipyard .
tr	O	Certain seafaring jobs , such as deep-sea fishing , for example , entail a small risk of falling overboard .
tr	C	I started to think Apollo might 've lost his damn mind , but then , without any warning , there was a deep grumbling inside me .
tr	O	" Don 't patronize me , child .
tr	C	This eBook is copyright protected .
tr	C	It was part green , part raw , all covered with red earth organisms .
tr	O	A black cylinder appeared suddenly in his hand .
tr	O	During her tenure in office , the economy hadn 't improved and relations with most of their planetary neighbors had deteriorated .
tr	O	I nearly choked from fluid inhalation and pushed my cup aside .
tr	C	You 're still filling out lanes on dating sites , still meeting other women .
tr	C	A hacking and pestle that had belonged to her at Compostela .
tr	C	Not least the amount of interference and ownership that was taking place in his life .
tr	C	Men , at their daily jobs , crested over wrongs committed .
tr	O	As part of my dramaturg trial by fire , I had been designated the primary correspondent with our difficult artiste .
tr	O	" Sweetie , you just worded that wrong .
tr	C	I apologize , wife , for contributing to this jaunt .
tr	O	" Brother has Claimed a woman . "
tr	O	He pecked her cheek .
tr	O	She suspected that her life , her survival , would depend on forging ahead with strength and commitment , that nothing less would do .
tr	O	Piano , two violins , and cello .
tr	C	Little Dhruv even forgot to ask for what he had done all this impossible affliction .
tr	O	The vampires up in the balconies were hanging off the railings , leaning down to hear what was being said .
tr	C	We 're involved in projects that have already been sedated .
tr	O	I listen for anything that sounds like him going for a communicator , ready to break into a sprint if he sends out an alert .
tr	O	Gaius groaned in approval , closing his eyes as he dredged up memories of his beautiful mate .
tr	O	Hurt by his insinuation , Kira threw her head back with fury .
tr	C	" The power lines run from the light enhancement .
tr	O	I grip her arm , though she squeals in pain , and thrust her to the side , sitting up .
tr	C	Beads of sweat permeated his forehead .
tr	O	The world went silent and still as a cloud blocked out the sun , dimming the room .
tr	C	He could glue the council for Aeron 's forgiveness , but that would do no good .
tr	O	" It was dull until , you know , he broke into my house and stole my family 's birthright . "
tr	C	Caitlin paused , one hand on the steel chimney .
tr	O	The phantoms vanished instantly , as if they were never there in the first place .
tr	C	Cursing under her breath , she used it to wipe the duvet off her fingers .
tr	C	Even the tenor needed a night off .
tr	O	We could have opened our flies and peed the fire out , but this didn 't seem like a good place for that .
tr	C	The closer they got to unpacking this illusive particle , the more mysterious it seemed .
tr	O	" Surely it 's not a serious malady ? "
tr	O	It simply seemed to be an ember of hope .
tr	C	After a few minutes on the massive whoosh , I grew comfortable with the steady lope of the animal beneath me .
tr	O	Miss Kluger shifted the vehicle and braked , driving into a spot beneath a dark , heavy overhang .
tr	C	Our M60 barrels contaminated .
tr	O	He 's clean shaven , with kissable smooth cheeks .
tr	O	" I 've been researching the typical fighter pilot , " she said .
tr	C	There were other fluids as well but she stuck to the first three , according to the rules .
tr	C	" No problem , I 'm a sucker for a flaw in distress . "
tr	C	She started taking them for sacrifices , and she kept on taking them .
tr	O	The indigent population was growing ; the government ignored the poor in the cities as well as the aborigines in their southern jungles .
tr	O	Hurry up , baby girl , or you 'll be late for school , " he goaded in reply , lowering his gun 's hilt .
tr	O	" There 's talk that Mister Will got corrupted in the war .
tr	C	Both of them stopped abruptly as they reached the area of the circular drive where the realisation had been parked .
tr	O	My main competition had thought we wouldn 't make a dime , so I 'd say we weren 't doing too badly .
tr	C	she asked , astonished by the diagnosis of her own voice .
tr	C	He had been wanting to tell the story of Mrs. Todd 's pail for a long time .
tr	O	All he needed to do was destroy the bulbs .
tr	O	Most who were kept their trailers on the farms where they boarded their horses , necessitating yet another trip on our part .
tr	C	* * * " Brother , I must convert my position .
tr	O	When she fixed her eyes on these truths , the holidays began to have more meaning and joy .
tr	C	" We 've just dropped Mr Lee off at the church , did you happen to see him , doc ? "
tr	C	She nudges me as she swings opens the door .
tr	O	The scope of power and repression that could be asserted by an inventive government seemed endless .
tr	C	Locke shook his head and turned back to the console with it 's many cowboys and odd-shaped buttons .
tr	C	She had developed enough accuracy over the years to know what that meant .
tr	O	The Abu Dhabi stock exchange was in upheaval because of a beautiful woman filmed naked .
tr	O	I 'll stand in front of the bulldozer myself .
tr	C	And I 'd be lying if I said I 'll miss any of that , but I see those changes as unintended pleasantries .
tr	C	I mean , Alejo , you are the best of us , always busy showering , studying other languages .
tr	O	Fat , stone houses were clustered together here and there , widows glowing with flickering light .
tr	C	Therefore , instead of targeting the Old Fort , I ask you to do something strange instead .
tr	C	Then , suddenly , I felt my magic sizzle up perfectly with Jasmine 's .
tr	C	He valued his place in the washroom too much .
tr	O	And as for the grass , it is an exaggeration as well , most likely of the floor in the common area .
tr	C	After hearing Todd 's triumphant tale of winning the science fair criticism , Maddie watched the day slide quietly by .
tr	O	I looked above the stage and saw a dozen pipes , heavy metal rods that held mammoth lighting instruments and several backdrops .
tr	O	These thugs were comfortable bullying the regular citizens who had the misfortune of living amongst them .
tr	C	He could do nothing , but lie on the cold metal table , and feel every injustice of pain .
tr	C	It flaps at the warriors who go up against it , then spits blood at them .
tr	C	Add some steaks on the lines so they drag about 10 feet below the surface .
tr	O	He wasn 't ogling , he was observing .
tr	C	There was cold calculation for lunch .
tr	C	That last part came out as a scoff .
tr	O	Tightening her grip around the stem of her trident , her palms squeak against the metal .
tr	C	And life for an abundance was one day at a time .
tr	C	Our teams are able to restart the enemy as he tries to come through .
tr	C	It would take albums to explain .
tr	C	" She 'll need treatment and expansion . "
tr	C	His voice , perversely , was soft , as if he were waging a child to sleep .
tr	C	Others think we should be separated from dehydration and never dressed alike or anything .
tr	O	Now in his late forties and aging with effortless grace , Josh Tanner was someone who seemed incapable of failure .
tr	O	Each of the officers took turns bringing the task force up to date on the latest discoveries .
tr	O	They munched and weaved their way through the crowds , admiring art in the windows , and spent almost an hour in the secondhand bookshop .
tr	O	Some of the rustlers must have run into them . '
tr	O	Only then would she be open to the rush of magic that would replenish what he 'd taken from her earlier .
tr	O	After zipping her up , he came and sat down next to me with a bottle of Scotch .
tr	O	It drifts me into slumber .
tr	C	He broke contact and found his body hard , heavy , bathed in distrust .
tr	C	I respect your courage , but an adult from your family must fulfill the rum .
tr	C	Its skin shimmered with sparking heat .
tr	O	For the next hour he glides me across the ice .
tr	O	I 'll deal with the karma .
tr	O	You 're underestimating me , Kristen . "
tr	O	Amar 's smile shrinks a little .
tr	O	There ain 't much freight going south these days , and he should be able to get a requisition for train space . "
tr	O	Some of the tavernas are little more than greasy spoons , but most -- like this one -- make me feel good about my heritage .
tr	C	But the abbey didn 't whine or bark for the stick to be thrown .
tr	C	I 'll throw a clump of dirt in the doc 's window to get his attention .
tr	O	He 'd reputedly had an affair with one of the biggest Hollywood actresses , and several models , even a ballerina .
tr	O	Colette remembered the two Asian men and had assumed they were involved with the smuggling .
tr	C	One that fails the duration of your life , hmm ? "
tr	O	" And we can have some refreshments too . "
tr	C	Both Lea and Alonso had different surfaces .
tr	C	' Ah duh ! '
tr	O	I glanced nervously at the array of utensils displayed before me .
tr	O	The brawl started in earnest then .
tr	C	She watched him sift through his own river of torment as he carefully considered the question .
tr	O	" Hawk has been ... helpful , " she hedged , and then shrugged .
tr	O	She tried to go quietly on the stairs , and quit gripping the banister when she realized that she was leaving sweaty , betraying handprints behind .
tr	O	He ignored her attempt at humour .
tr	O	Mom and I used to order lots of pizzas before we moved here .
tr	C	Eventually , new pasts in hand , we became the captors .
tr	O	But he has a habit of always walking by , making sure no one 's playing solitaire or checking Facebook .
tr	O	She covets power as much as I do , but she hides behind the words of the creator .
tr	O	' Well , Amy dear , best you start by telling me which fella got you in that state .
tr	C	" Dad was in one of his dark truths when the car accident happened , " Hannah whispered .
tr	O	Thirty years before , the teaching monks of St. Benedict had been in need of a new home .
tr	C	" Okay , if you can make the payments in the future I can cure the lightsaber in your Chapter 13 . "
tr	O	Their blooming season is affected by many factors such as the precipitation and average temperature of the past summer .
tr	C	We took long walks -- jack , midtown , Theater District , the Village .
tr	C	Jack shrugged and picked up his discontent , and was soon lost in a game .
tr	O	So I like to remind myself that I can feel without anyone manipulating me ... I know , it 's lame . "
tr	O	Miriam smiles and vanishes .
tr	O	I turned around and looked back toward the rover and trailer .
tr	O	" Big gin . "
tr	C	The hallway to the aisles was dimly lit and there was a small space at the end illuminated only by a faint EXIT sign .
tr	C	To her surprise , he smiled at her without a hint of trailers , then returned his attention to the state newspaper he was reading .
tr	C	He asked her about it over dinner as he swallowed every discharge and scraped up every last drop of the delicious sauce .
tr	C	There were two double beds , placed on opposite sides of the room , a sash window between them , from which you could view the mountains .
tr	O	Laughing softly , she hooked an elbow out the window , her blond hair streaking across her face .
tr	O	" I beginning to wonder if where his loyalties actually lie .
tr	C	The rest of us made our way around to where they had destroyed the damaged demon and again permeated the area , looking for anything alien .
tr	C	" He must come before me so that I can prolong it back with him .
tr	C	" These people haven 't lived around putt .
tr	O	" There are only two floors complete instead of seven and the rent rolls he gave us are pure fabrication . "
tr	C	Naz stepped out , still topless but for a heavy chain necklace that fell down past his memoirs .
tr	O	" At first , the panels were clear colored and built for weird weather patterns of ice , rain , and storms to protect the attendees .
tr	C	Mr. Vader let the boys throw a party at their house every Friday night during the nets .
tr	O	And her artfully applied makeup , with smoky eyes and plum colored lips .
tr	C	Her voice , hampered by her mouthful of balm , came out muffled .
tr	O	The Judge knocked politely , three light raps followed by a twist of the doorknob .
tr	C	I 'd been putting it off on the bob that I was too busy but , in fact , I hated the job .
tr	C	I think I have some sauce on my hands ... " She rubbed her fingertips together as thought to squash the point .
tr	C	If he was telling her the truth , if she meant nothing to him , why did he look tormented by his own scores ?
tr	C	I shouted , augmenting my voice so that the carts on the city wall probably heard me .
tr	C	The easel had eaten their eyes , and sometimes their faces .
tr	O	They 'll return as soon as the smoke dissipates , and we still won 't be any closer to getting my brother safely away from here . "
tr	C	Turning around , Isabelle instructs , " Don 't move ! "
tr	C	Frankly , the terse reprimand was all Kit could manage .
tr	C	Only one is under private control but these cigars don ´ t match those of that dedication .
tr	C	Napoleon refused , not wanting people filtering across his image .
tr	C	They climbed out and walked through onto a mace which gave them a gravity assisted slide down to a beautiful garden .
tr	O	But I want to live and go home in a fury of righteousness .
tr	C	he said again , more roughly , tightening the noose around the supplier 's neck .
tr	O	The others , not being of that caste and not wearing dark Jewels , have fulfilled that obligation and are free to live elsewhere now . "
tr	O	" Is this the tip of the iceberg ?
tr	C	Something uppercut Aidan in the chin , so fast and so hard that he nearly blacked out in sync .
tr	O	It irritates me that she would do that .
tr	C	All of which is a load of twisted and convoluted bullshit , but I never said my subconscious was a linear placement .
tr	O	They sat quietly at their table , shuffling their feet uncomfortably while Tiffany served them their coffees .
tr	O	" Do not speak to me like that , " she intoned , not even stepping back an inch .
tr	O	I turned to see him - dressed in his nineteenth - century finery , with his long , thick brown hair .
tr	O	The reason he had listened patiently was that the fiends had mentioned Deity on numerous occasions ; and to find exactly That was what the Tribe designed .
tr	O	She could feel her tears , streaking down her cheeks , taking years of hurt with them .
tr	C	A loud and roaring drone carried through the tunnel and he reached the clearing , emerging at the same lapse upon which they had landed minutes before .
tr	O	Would Ted try to hog the show ?
tr	C	He wiped the repercussions from her cheeks with the pads of his thumbs .
tr	O	I had no idea if he was civilian or military , and I did actually wonder if he sported a handgun under his jacket .
tr	O	" With the ornaments . "
tr	O	" Ah , yes , " he said , now feeling confident that they 'd made it over the hump in the conversation .
tr	C	Kenji is looking at me like he 's not sure if he should laugh or brighten .
tr	C	Waiting for him at the doorstep was a basket filled with aftershocks , vegetables and a few cuts of meat .
tr	O	They 're checking their diversity quotas .
tr	C	Swallowing hard , Bobby tapped his infidelity .
tr	C	But then , she wasn 't the kind of woman to bawl over what could have been .
tr	C	He suggested weight training as a way to supplement the ruckus in order to build further strength .
tr	C	" As an outcast I often see the effects of costly divorce settlements .
tr	C	He says he 's got proof of a conspiracy set to play out at the satellite navigation .
tr	O	( Past ) In another scene I could see them playing at the same game but this time they were jabbering away .
tr	O	" Never trust a politician , right ? "
tr	C	Is Caleb part of some sort of enterprise ? "
tr	O	A profusion of roses bloomed in the beds nearby .
tr	O	He tried to imagine it , but he just couldn 't see her in scrubs .
tr	C	The president has been asked to help get rid of the rebel problems of the current climate . "
tr	C	On the nearest apparition , three women were crowded around a table with a deck of cards .
tr	O	Her sweet voice contradicted her expression .
tr	C	As if suppressing her thoughts , the words cut through Claire 's reverie .
tr	C	Your honor and nutrition are far more appealing to me than any short-lived flirtatious charm could ever be . "
tr	O	You had to have some of the buggers around , there was no getting away from it .
tr	C	His breath was warm , drawing her like a seizure .
tr	C	Helga followed with their place bets and bowls , which she distributed in front of each of them .
tr	O	It would strengthen the case against his son , if he did . "
tr	O	" How were the brats today ? "
tr	O	The stone flew through the air and knocked the shackles from the stunned guard 's hand ; it also hit the guard 's fingers .
tr	C	He dodges the glass in large circles , he 's beginning to sweat .
tr	O	He inhaled , blinked , scavenged for control as he captured her wrist .
tr	C	He must have a grown-up already lined up , " said Suzanna .
tr	O	I hate the manipulation of others , as I hate bullying .
tr	O	Soren wouldn 't budge , and I had no other recourse .
tr	O	Many of the natives of different states left to their respective states for safety and security .
tr	C	If he doesn 't get at least a one prophet start he can 't get up a proper airspeed . "
tr	C	" Have them sign a lease agreement .
tr	O	The ramifications of the vote could not be more serious .
tr	C	Also , they had a deep-seated fear of the savage dismissal that the Vikings lacked .
tr	O	Workers joined unions and earned high wages with generous health benefits and pension plans .
tr	C	But the deeper I dug into Avery 's decree , the more confused I got .
tr	O	It 's so different from what I found when I first came to the Wilds at the old homestead : There , everyone seemed like family .
tr	C	It was probably mace ; in the dark it reminded me of bloodstains .
tr	C	Lisa kissed my mouth , her tongue slowly dipping between my lips , touching mine with languid pleasures .
tr	C	She went into the restroom and scrutinized her hair .
tr	O	He yelled after me , " I 'll be sure to make a beautiful speech at your funeral , you fucker ! "
tr	C	The general is saved of the unnecessary burden of footing the bill of their condolences . "
tr	C	" I feel guilty , " she inflicted , one red nail between her sharp teeth .
tr	O	He 's staked his claim repeatedly .
tr	O	The Gold Jester ignores his question .
tr	O	Fires burned in the large ovens .
tr	O	I push the navigation button .
tr	O	Gone was all of his toughness and in its place was the gentleness of a man who was obviously head over heels in love with his wife .
tr	O	Just for full disclosure , I am also taking two experimental drugs . "
tr	O	" That 's true , Miss , but all family members are interred in the mausoleum . "
tr	O	It seemed warmer than when he 'd set up his meditation , and the steady but lighter rain was comforting too .
tr	O	Everything seemed to fit ; verse had flowed into chorus .
tr	C	My heart rejoiced , fighting to pump the decreasing amount of blood around to my vital organs .
tr	C	The bishop coughed , lurching for the blanket like a fish trying to flop back into water .
tr	O	She firmed her shoulders .
tr	O	Lindy must have moaned or emitted some kind of sound , because he whispered , " I know , honey , I know . "
tr	C	He was also the lagoon of the University .
tr	C	He gently patted the top of the instability as he knelt in front of it .
tr	O	Bodies littered the asphalt of the roadway , and the stench of decomposition caused several of the small group to gag .
tr	C	My insurance agent would be glad to hear I 'd found his kitchenette so useful .
tr	C	Or being asked to make him look like a liar by twisting his words , so that he would lose all humankind in court .
tr	O	Idle hands are the devil 's workshop ; civilizations of the past realized this and employed their people to create the wonders of the world .
tr	O	Yellow River was a small town at the end of the day , but it still had an assortment of interesting shops and restaurants .
tr	C	At least that 's what my frigates are picking up from the secure transmissions .
tr	C	He still looked intrigued , he still looked powerfully interested , and it still sent all kinds of scrolls through Henrietta 's middle .
tr	O	I would you complete the negotiations in two days ' time , for we depart on the third day as the sun rises . "
tr	O	We watch nervously , Ronan having notched an arrow to his bow , ready to fire instantly if his brother comes under attack .
tr	C	I looked once again at the photos of the dirty ape and dropped my phone on the bed .
tr	C	Two guards in white appliances stood outside .
tr	O	Well , all right , that would at least explain why the shooter didn 't need a head shot .
tr	O	" We managed to intercept a letter our friend , Carol Freeman , wrote to the medical board . "
tr	O	This burning infatuation led Goethe to consult the local doctor as to whether marriage might be detrimental to his health .
tr	C	She 'd been desperately craving Chinese food , so she 'd driven into town for cremation .
tr	C	It was some mad kind of addicting , a high , thin river of sound unlike anything she had ever heard .
tr	O	But when I brought up that topic to Saylor , she said the only people who made careers out of sex were prostitutes .
tr	O	" There are more dangers than just leeches . "
tr	O	My attention snapped back to him , but he was watching Aunt Vi 's progress with the carrots again .
tr	C	She bustled off her white flip-flops , and tossed her big yellow bag aside , shrugging the dress over her head .
tr	C	" It won 't see a spoonful of dirt , but you might . "
tr	C	Eleonora tried to scoot away , but before she could say anything more , Deborah fumbled with the scissors and cut the lock of hair .
tr	C	It was slower and couldn 't easily carry a premium load , but it was easier to encrypt and seal away from AI , they thought .
tr	C	Someone had set out glasses and spires of ice .
tr	C	And we will teach you gutter .
tr	O	The smell was intoxicating , and I had to wonder if he 'd recently stepped out of a rainforest .
tr	C	The messiah was a game , but having the family gathered like this meant a great deal to Daemon too .
tr	O	Chapter 5 Marcus stared through the cover of bushes , his jaw clenching as a droplet of sweat trickled between his shoulder blades .
tr	O	" What 's your New Year 's resolution ? "
tr	O	If he is given more invitations for the holidays , this author may eat her quill !
tr	C	They walk behind us with the renovations at our backs and the dogs waiting on their orders .
tr	O	he broke out with unexpected vehemence .
tr	O	The hand not busy sending her breast to heaven slid down her side and then to her center to fumble with her pant 's button .
tr	O	Now , he ships them containers of army food , building a cache of food .
tr	O	" I take it from your silence that I am pleasing to your eyes ? "
tr	C	She said perching on a piece of paper .
tr	C	You couldn 't manage a city as big as Kingsport unless you had a proper distribution system .
tr	O	She peeled the skin off the breast of the chicken and guzzled it down , smacking her withered lips together .
tr	C	As you can imagine , I jumped at that bolting .
tr	C	The house was ramshackle and unpainted and had been built at the back of the lot , well away from the street and the comfort of psychics .
tr	O	With Miss Queenie she drove to auctions and sales around the countryside and found the right glasses , plates , bowls .
tr	O	The hurt she carried with her took a hit , hope and happiness resonating inside her again .
tr	C	When he said lotion all around , I spit my beer clear across the room .
tr	C	It also doesn 't hide the white scars on his hairline .
tr	O	If it hadn 't been for her request for a relocation and his uncommon softness toward her comfort , they 'd both be dead right now .
tr	C	Maybe her weird outside phobia was minor , just a stripe on an otherwise sane human being .
tr	C	It arrived fresh with the sincerity of a child 's heart , saddled with unspoken pain , and bright with honesty .
tr	C	" Do you treat all your women like some sort of Source ? "
tr	C	" Your magic briefcases . "
tr	O	" Choose what you want . "
tr	C	" Skyler , " she answered , suddenly remembering she couldn 't provide a quake .
tr	O	Like female Honey Bees who lost their stinger on the first stab , Killer Bees also lost their stinger .
tr	C	Your name , your age , your neurons .
tr	C	" We sent flowers to your parents , " Deirdre said , looking down at her cramping as she spoke .
tr	O	She couldn 't rely on Cole 's generosity forever .
tr	C	Kateri felt heat rush over her face at his blender .
tr	O	It explained my body shutting down for hours , and the peculiar , jittery sensation pulsating inside me .
tr	C	I was about to launch into a highly developed argument but the front door retracted .
tr	O	Those were Charlie 's two very favorite words to apply to motorcycles .
tr	O	He grabbed the vehicle by the handlebars .
tr	C	" It 's like the oak tree dreaming of being a water polo .
tr	C	Her father refused to put his mother in a nursing home when her health started to scavenge and her memory began to fade .
tr	C	" I do believe it 's the metro .
tr	O	He hadn 't been partying quite as much as she assumed .
tr	C	And whether he admitted it or not , Dorian had his own wares to fulfill .
tr	O	" It would take a week for you to learn all that , even with your biosynthetic attributes , " Doctor Dresden observes .
tr	C	I was very thirsty , my throat painful and digested .
tr	O	The Guild is strong , but many of my men are young and untried in any real test .
tr	O	The wineglass shattered on the floor .
tr	C	The pleasing music of the marriage counseling can be heard everywhere .
tr	C	I take quick stock of our surroundings : thick metal walls , high , open classrooms with fans and ducts in plain view .
tr	O	" They are qualms that are beneath you , My Lord , " I tried weakly .
tr	C	" But I wouldn 't object to a cinch on the way home . "
tr	O	Sneak in there as a theatrical troupe , and they 'll give you the run of the camp . "
tr	O	" You mean she was a stripper ? "
tr	C	But it was the other areas of their marriage that needed honing .
tr	C	I remembered glimpsing , through the windows of the limousine following the collector , Mary Lee Elgin 's face as the funeral cortege passed by .
tr	O	Right now she made a barbaric face at the peephole and heard the sound of laughter behind the door as bolts were drawn .
tr	C	He took out the other careers first .
tr	O	What 's even crazier than this galaxy substitute was that the stars were singing .
tr	C	Talk of intel was spreading throughout the nation .
tr	C	As he refuses to let go of his tenacity and hash over this , I change tactics .
tr	C	It owns people , consumes them , tears them open and bleeds them out from the inside , making them defenseless to everything .
tr	C	He was too old for that sort of henchman anymore ; Sandra and Alonzo had taken the launch and gone dancing .
tr	O	" Every secret in the universe can be explained through mathematics .
tr	C	" At least you get to bed earlier than when you have the confinement followed by the workout .
tr	C	Both legs were broken and encased in pristine plaster casts , supported by a network of aces and slings .
tr	O	It is only when you meet other nations that you realise that there might be more than one way of thinking .
tr	C	Warner , Adam 's brother , my captor and now ex-boyfriend .
tr	C	I thought I should help out before you had a decree .
tr	O	They aren 't fit for human consumption . "
tr	C	" I just follow the freight . "
tr	O	Words and phrases come into use and others fall into disuse .
tr	C	It packs more punch if it 's someone their own age , and I 'm fresh out of scrolls , " he says serenely .
tr	C	Garrett shifted in the chair , his face brightening all the way to his ears .
tr	O	And what about the merchants outside ? "
tr	O	He resisted the urge to knock her to the ground for her impertinence .
tr	C	This close , I saw scores of silver in the center .
tr	C	The candelabras were blowing from the west at five miles per hour .
tr	O	" Come , Gunter , we must run the vermin to ground . "
tr	O	There was no wagon or men stacking it with logs .
tr	O	" So you 're a salesman for a software firm .
tr	O	Instead he turned to the mic and shouted , ' Good evening , we 're Johnny and the Used Ones . '
tr	O	And yet , Cecil , you were unconcerned with the fact that your newfound grandson 's return to the family fold coincided with both these occurrences .
tr	O	Finally she nodded and began to reach for the fuse , which had burned a third of the way to the dynamite .
tr	C	" There are no rabbits in my culture , " he explained .
tr	C	The water was cold , and the light coming from his hand was dimmer when it was biased .
tr	C	It was a natural stone bridge , but was only wide enough for them to cross in single file and there was no duh .
tr	C	I felt my shoulders convulsing , the tension evaporating , calm flowing through me .
tr	O	She had not received correspondence from her children since the summer of 1943 .
tr	C	From a splinter inside her shelter she took a knife and crouched at the water 's edge to gut the fish .
tr	C	She tried to keep her voice light , as if they were merely in the middle of a mild hysteria .
tr	O	Kari glanced up at Ronan " s face , and those green eyes of his ensnared her all over again .
tr	O	" Like I said , you 're a hoot , " he said .
tr	O	The second time , he 'd tried the fingering approach .
tr	C	Bobo bought the house next door in a pall with the pawnshop .
tr	C	Once again , my voice sounded different now , coming from all directions and all the skis .
tr	C	Perhaps a shank of voodoo .
tr	O	" I refuse to have a relationship with a man who won 't even trust me with his basic bio .
tr	O	In an apartment at the other end of town , lying in bed , their naked bodies spooned together , he could feel the tension in her .
tr	C	" The producer of the video was helpful with the veneer of a sophisticated magnification device while the loop is paused .
tr	C	There 's only one man in the shipping that talks these days about this burying place .
tr	O	" Because you only asked so you 'd have a personal masseuse . "
tr	O	Maybe he could learn something about the REX 's history from the archives .
tr	O	" As you so rightly noted it indeed does live on because you continue to think about it and with some rapture I must say .
tr	O	They reported the comings and goings of her husband , but no other person came near the old house .
tr	C	Dragging their legs , they wade around Evan and the last thing I hear from him is a painful scream .
tr	O	Lastly we go to the supermarket .
tr	O	" It stinks , Leslie .
tr	O	One look at a seductive stranger had incited a dark , unfamiliar sexual urgency .
tr	C	" I thought I 'd have Burt , the banshee at the marina , take a look at it .
tr	O	A breeze blew through the alley and I smelled the putrid sweetness of garbage in June mixed with the rotten stench of decay .
tr	C	Paul Dunne , the chalet and manager of Lilly 's money in the years since Marc 's brother died , issued a directive in his pompous voice .
tr	O	I was sure the alarm system had already been deactivated .
tr	C	Could it be the clansmen who was killed or even murdered in 1975 ?
tr	O	" You know what I 'm doing , you cad , and you know why , " growled the Captain .
tr	C	If an attack comes , they are not strong enough in number to incinerate it , but they will be able to delay it .
tr	O	There were no judges , and no prizes .
tr	C	With his pants down to his ankles , the boathouse stood behind Amber , thrusting and slamming against Amber 's behind .
tr	C	Here they said their sacrifices to Ross who had become quite friendly with Tandy , but whose duty was now done .
tr	C	She skirted around Matthew toward the bedside table to put away her minions .
tr	C	He stares into them , studying me , wrecking me .
tr	C	He shelved his lower lip .
tr	O	Some kill , some hunt , some become bodyguards , and some babysit .
tr	O	After filling out some forms and submitting to a retinal scan , he was escorted down a long concrete hallway to a heavy metal door .
tr	O	She had now been washed , packaged , and stamped , so that she could be conveniently sold .
tr	C	The plane jerked again and he covered her hand with his , prying her fingernails up and mirroring his hand into hers .
tr	C	That is why I have sent for three of my best behaviors from the Aargau to assist you .
tr	C	Now , color was all around him , a swirl the like of which he couldn 't remember aside from ceilings .
tr	O	" Oh , it 's me legs don 't ya see , " the little fellow answered in an unmistakable Irish brogue .
tr	O	She didn 't turn to greet him , opting to remain exactly where she was .
tr	C	I still had my book and bank papers and had perfected enough gold coins to get me started here if need be .
tr	O	A cocktail of emotions befuddled Amy 's mind as she tried to ascertain the situation .
tr	C	the monastery shouted with authority .
tr	C	This means we 'll be using coherence tomography to take serial killings , quite often .
tr	C	His diagnosis was horrible .
tr	C	She was his biggest cheerleader , and he was her unwavering friendliness .
tr	C	His hands shifted , tracing the coolness of her body .
tr	O	Corin enlisted one of the other drivers to help , and we brought back a load of fresh vegetables and meats .
tr	O	Then again , maybe the suburbs weren 't her choice per se .
tr	O	They cried out but the shelves were merciless , showering books and wood on their heads .
tr	O	" He 's been one of our chief advisers for the foundation .
tr	C	" You should be going over the case with your virtues .
tr	O	Paulette 's photo was finally uploaded , and the entire ad submitted so that it could be browsed by whoever was out there .
tr	O	Brandie was considerately calm about my superhuman abilities to heal , move with lightning speed , and read minds .
tr	C	I could only imagine how my pa had been paraphrased .
tr	C	Then Duncan pounced from the shadows .
tr	O	But if it was the death angels that knocked her on the head , they 'd best be forewarned .
tr	C	The stethoscope under the snow was undeniable on the single pair of tire tracks his dad and all his neighbors used to get to town each morning .
tr	C	We 're talking plague , starvation , commerce ; the whole ball of wax . "
tr	O	I did find out that one , Richard Dalton , was in the army before registering for his M.A. .
tr	O	Like a tiny hamlet in the Swiss alps or something . "
tr	O	They were probably going to gorge themselves on greasy bar food .
tr	C	Members of the NZ delegation will be returning home today and will be troop the government on the implication of Forum resolutions .
tr	C	Joey saw the completed video package for the first time when it demolished .
tr	O	They entered a room in which there were eight doorways or exits .
tr	O	He lifted his hands in surrender trying to stop the growing panic in the eyes of the townspeople .
tr	O	He looked all ribs , elbows , and knees , but she took no chances , centering her pistol on his bare chest .
tr	O	The computer wails did not help the somber mood inside the submarine .
tr	O	" They are not the easiest race to govern , " snapped Eleanor .
tr	C	He sketched out the cigarette , and lit another immediately .
tr	O	The long brick buildings had slate roofs , and small windows peppered the walls .
tr	C	She screamed in fury ; the arrow loosed the center of her armor , the blow sending her flying back .
tr	C	I pay attention to eye witness accounts of the solar plexus , pointlessly hoping to hear something that tells me why John was so interested in them .
tr	C	The window was a tall rectangle with a lower pane that slid upward behind the upper quad .
tr	O	None of this is your fault , it 's none of our faults .
tr	O	I 'd heard the automatic shotguns were loads of fun .
tr	C	She was a pastry chef .
tr	C	She simply replied , " Have plans " without any circumstance or apology .
tr	O	The people there had been openly loyal , showing great respect to their fallen tsar and his family .
tr	O	I didn 't know how long I lay there and stared at him , but it was probably enough time to certify me as a total creeper .
tr	C	The army is in the middle of attacking gorillas , but not just any dreamers .
tr	C	I fought to keep peace for a long time , I was rewarded for it overseas , and prospered for it here .
tr	O	You must honor those who provide for and educate you .
tr	C	The murky light hadn 't brightened , a musician didn 't surround the god king 's thin form , but there he was .
tr	O	The middle-of-the-night phone call , the predawn flight , the drive to the islands ... suddenly it all caught up with her and sapped her strength .
tr	C	He reined his message .
tr	C	To the contrary , Shadow 's mended time between missions had to be at least 3 months .
tr	O	Each would walk with it held in front of them , never tiring of the moment when the needle would start spinning .
tr	C	He held up a speck of bamboo shoots between his chopsticks .
tr	C	Realizing that it would be impossible to explain Styx 's complex equations , he turned his attention to her startling claim .
tr	O	With my sister and mother , well , I didn 't hear so much as a peep from them .
tr	O	There had been no desire in his gaze , no bloodlust as he had watched her keenly , apparently trying to decipher something about her .
tr	C	They had also taken endless amusement at his long crowbar to zero G .
tr	C	I 'm tempted to remark on the enormity of it -- fresh flowers in the middle of winter .
tr	O	Her armor had been removed and set at her side in an orderly fashion , along with her large broadsword .
tr	C	She lurched to the side , linking her hands over the telephone , the pinprick forgotten in a new panic .
tr	C	Although she had finally trumped everything , she wasn 't happy with the location of the furniture .
tr	O	He 'd pleasured her to the roots of her hair and still she wanted more of him ... " Protection , " she gasped .
tr	O	A terrifying thought strikes like a missile - maybe I 'm blind !
tr	C	Simply make everyone take their rugs in December , he had said forcefully .
tr	O	' Sorry , sir , shouldn 't have used slang .
tr	C	The room has been tailored .
tr	O	Kate didn 't think a simple business reason for socializing would matter to David .
tr	O	I can 't seem to find the words for it , everything that we 've lost , the immensity of reclaiming it .
tr	C	He propped himself up on his other elbow and idly toyed with the curls shielding her bridesmaid .
tr	C	They could splatter any time .
tr	O	Rose fell back under the swiftness and ferocity of the assault but managed to parry and dodge several of the blows .
tr	O	I sidestepped that rather smoothly .
tr	C	Every kind of device to burn , or cut , or perish .
tr	O	I looked around a bit more and found a cabinet filled with a few other staples , like coffee and chips .
tr	C	The civilians are already inside the designated deputies , but The Guardians are only now getting on the train so we scurry after them .
tr	O	Lots of people don 't know it , but there are really three separate species of zebra .
tr	O	Sighing , I got out of bed and went into the kitchen for a spoonful of creamy peanut butter .
tr	C	Sarah felt a jab of vacancy at this irrational statement , then her eyes flashed with inspiration .
tr	C	The rise , rhythm , and intel all its own .
tr	C	" Is he fully animal or does he retain any human gene ? "
tr	O	" From the Maze , man .
tr	O	Because Edmunds was in the spaceship with Ted , Tina had to look after the recording units as well as her own communications console .
tr	O	She was an only child , daughter of a garrulous mother and a father who was prohibited from speaking in his own household .
tr	O	" Give us back our friend Sphinx or face our wrath ! "
tr	O	And it was oh so satisfying to hear the crashes , the tinkling glass , the pattering rubble , and , of course , the terrified screams .
tr	O	, I said laughing at the thought of them sat watching the DVD 's .
tr	C	Immediately , she threw the powder into the panther 's face , grunting to the ground .
tr	O	I opt to throw it out there .
tr	C	When police entered the house they found Sawyer on the floor , unconscious , having apparently suffered a tantrum .
tr	C	Though in all credibility , Steve knew the score .
tr	O	The old bald man next door raised his glass in salutation .
tr	C	The glazed look gave way to chimney .
tr	C	" I mean , maybe sooner or later it 's time to roll the gallows . "
tr	C	It was such a large tree passing clouds skirted between its leaves and branches .
tr	C	I almost think he was being filmed , because that is when his health started to go downhill .
tr	C	" But not for any lack of trying , " she whispered back , instructing her fingers through his hair .
tr	O	" They did , but the Knighthood of the Temple of Solomon had secret rituals .
tr	O	His voice felt like molasses , sticking to the insides of his throat and refusing to come out .
tr	O	It wasn 't until she started sneezing uncontrollably that she finally wished Mo good night with a kiss to the patchy fur on the cat 's forehead .
tr	C	Place your appetites accordingly .
tr	C	Anyway , Tommy made up a new ninja for us to play that he wants us to try this weekend at the mall .
tr	C	A fathomless debt has no payback plan ... . . "
tr	O	Kat asked , still nibbling on her lower lip .
tr	O	He balled both fists like he wanted to hit the side of the SUV , but that would injure his guitar-playing hands .
tr	C	I was too sociable to be a bee .
tr	C	Other than that everything seems to be scrounged up . "
tr	C	Of course I knew how well liked Brad was , but what surprised me most was the downpour of sympathy from complete strangers .
tr	O	Hugo does most of the upkeep .
tr	O	With him was Alisha , her expression even more dour than usual .
tr	C	" One hundred Euros ! "
tr	O	I 've been making house raids within sprinting distance .
tr	O	" I don 't suppose you know anyone with an airline connection ? "
tr	O	Focusing on the road , she did not have time to think about Boone hunting in a foreign locale .
tr	C	The days of the Herald and this editor were veiled .
tr	C	Akira was numbered about going to Battle Month .
tr	C	They walked into the silent criticism and scanned their ID cards .
tr	C	I 've been towed out , same as you have . '
tr	O	Didn 't tell her where they were headed , didn 't speculate about what or who could be behind .
tr	O	Easing onto a stool , the bartender sat a gin and tonic with a twist in front of me .
tr	C	" He 's probably hitting Shane up for a campaign donation or wants him to volunteer to hold some kind of directive . "
tr	C	When Jackson 's Folly was New York , all the screens in the square were filled with various merchants .
tr	O	' Tis not friendly and makes me feel as though I had vexed you somehow . "
tr	C	They wanted the vampires to accumulate .
tr	O	He crouches as if to lunge at Jeff and I throw the repellant spell , but this time , his stance does not even wobble .
tr	O	" No offence , but you do realize that 's bull .
tr	O	The Baron sat there , taking it all in , two advisers to his side , but the room otherwise empty .
tr	C	The sap had pounced !
tr	O	He paused when he was almost within striking distance and with clear strain on his face , he retracted his fangs .
tr	C	Father deserves better than midafternoon . "
tr	O	" I , uh , I know the kid whose dad founded the burn clinic . "
tr	O	I keep thinking about all of the fun we had swimming , going to the drive-in and the ball game .
tr	C	Just before reaching the disagreement , the hoof prints suddenly stop , turning and leading away from the temple .
tr	C	He spurred on my brother 's sneakers the first time they met .
tr	C	At the R level , he has choices .
tr	C	" Your Grace , " she said as she entered the parlor and dropped a disagreement .
tr	O	Undaunted , he uncorked the bottle and poured himself a glass .
tr	O	The mountains were remote and barely populated ; there were few , if any , bracelet readers .
tr	C	I stooped to pick a sprig of lavender and inhaled deeply , swiping its comforting fragrance .
tr	O	She 'd willed a few pieces of jewelry to her household staff , and he 'd distribute that , too .
tr	O	For the next hour , we chop and sear and baste .
tr	C	But was his work truly fulfilling enough to rearrange his whole life to it and nothing more ?
tr	O	" And I 'm not just talking about a meteorite , but an actual star . "
tr	C	I cut both of us a large chunk of grapefruit and poured two tall glasses of milk .
tr	C	Like baby mosquitos in torrents of stagnant water , you know .
tr	C	" Are you ready to get started , thrive ? "
tr	C	If I didn 't pursue him closely , he 'd vanish into the craziness of the city .
tr	O	I thought my prayers had gone unanswered when she didn 't show any sign of doing much else , but I had miscalculated my conniving wife .
tr	C	This evidence of life she found encouraging , but not its finer shape .
tr	C	Jax stared at the screen intently , then bawled some words down in the notebook that he had balanced on the armrest of the couch .
tr	O	" I was walkin ' like I always do , seeing as I got no driver 's license .
tr	O	" It 's not something I brag about , I just do what has to be done .
tr	O	He 'd never believed in the kind of amnesia that gave someone an excuse for having walked away from a failed life .
tr	C	He brought his aviators down .
tr	O	She didn 't envision her grandfather as being someone who appreciated tardiness .
tr	C	His face registered , confusion , concern , but in typical Coach style , not aloof .
tr	C	Tad , as physician , maintained his death room peasant .
tr	O	Everyone is standing with their strongest friends and supporters .
tr	C	Dane and Derrick decide to walk around and collect as much wetter as they can find .
tr	O	I giggled as I said this and Daddy just kept on welding .
tr	C	The feet hovering just above the ground was his first clue that these were not simple tunics -- not human callers at all .
tr	O	Her eyes trained on the fire hydrant .
tr	C	She pauses and retrieves her blonde hair behind her ear .
tr	O	I always knew when we were going to go somewhere because Dad would be washing and polishing it .
tr	O	He surveyed the crowd with a hand shielding his eyes against the glare as he pushed through the sea of revelry .
tr	O	And it dawned on me that Jett had brought many ' firsts ' into my life .
tr	O	One more deep breath and her gills settle , sealing shut against her neck .
tr	C	The sun rose higher and higher whilst the premises were fighting .
tr	C	Lying on the airlock on her back and showing a large amount of leg , was Dawn who was also blowing her party whistle .
tr	O	Ripper stood beside his bike , looking at the clubhouse .
tr	C	All mirth and no brain , they clearly lacked the capacity to think for themselves or do a selfless deed .
tr	C	The prototypical black robe is one of pure cadence , concealing sweeping wings of infinite color .
tr	O	Mom had brought a large bouquet of lilacs from her garden , and Julia and Hailey set them in the receptacle at my father 's gravesite .
tr	C	We get out of this , I 'll get you a bedpost . "
tr	C	Blah , aye , blah . "
tr	C	Lord Loss 's features brighten and eight arms extend outwards .
tr	O	Perhaps when they returned to the Seventh World he would finally return her affections ... Why wait ?
tr	C	The game continued in tense silence , broken by rare concubines of the target square .
tr	O	Then she went skimming across the fields , kicking the tops off the haystacks for pure joy .
tr	C	The acoustics are sending CDC officials tonight .
tr	C	She trilled her chin up high .
tr	O	Before I opened the front door , I looked down and saw that I was still wearing my bathrobe over my black T-shirt and jeans .
tr	O	Her eyes sparkled under the orange glow of the streetlight .
tr	O	" Then I now decree that you are husband and wife .
tr	C	Diana and I aren 't likely to start negotiating with the locals . "
tr	O	They seemed to burn her eyes and clog her throat until it was nearly impossible to breathe .
tr	C	" You wouldn 't know , 'cause they dangle over you al the time .
tr	C	Some of it was going bad , but much of it had stayed submerged in the freezers and coolers .
tr	O	I notice a few empty hangers , thieves obviously raided this place .
tr	O	He didn 't know much about her except she was stuck in the 80s and not a popular girl in school .
tr	C	He lifted his glass from the cleft and strode toward the door .
tr	O	Each word her father spoke struck Jenny 's heart like a lash , making her cringe with a shame and hurt that was almost past bearing .
tr	C	Gray couldn 't escape the sense that Painter had been negotiating something from him .
tr	O	For reassurance , I lifted my hand to my sweater , the place just beneath my collarbone where I 'd pinned my brooch this morning .
tr	O	She let out a long cry and he could feel by her inner pulses that she was coming .
tr	C	A grid of tiny motion detectors flickered in the lumps .
tr	O	She sniffs her displeasure .
tr	C	Her eyes darted over the tops of the houses , the stockings were pitched , steep , and slippery from the rain .
tr	C	The doc will pass and we will all be stronger from it . "
tr	C	I can assure you that my laird has the highest ethical and moral standards .
tr	C	So , I want everyone to grab all the stuff , here , inside the tree house , including food stuff , blankets , not the chaplain .
tr	O	Buddy held her elbow as he guided her down the steps and crossed the yard to the corral .
tr	O	Honey didn 't go as stupefied as Angel had when Anton leveled her with those baby browns .
tr	C	The man hated taxis .
tr	O	" Touch what ? "
tr	O	" And they need to be avenged , Pauling .
tr	O	If someone fired a gun other than for prevention of a crime they were required to have a legitimate reason .
tr	O	The admiral finished as he glanced over the report .
tr	C	" She is one of eight who channel the winds of the storm to swirl around this conversion . "
tr	C	So it doesn 't matter if she 's a hovel , " she concluded , glaring at him .
tr	C	Fighting his ownership , fighting his beauty , fighting the memory of his touch .
tr	C	No light escapes it 's jagged form and all life seems to be swallowed by the void it explodes .
tr	C	The pages were covered with bright , intricate figures , some parts of the medals gleaming as if they had been painted onto the parchment with gold .
tr	C	" Okay , then I 'll grieve for you . "
tr	O	" The honeymoon has been postponed for a more convenient time . "
tr	O	My occasional indiscretions with Adrian had come through to Jill as well , but we 'd all brushed those off - me in particular .
tr	C	" Yes , he has the same guesthouse .
tr	O	His grip on my hand loosens , and now it 's my turn to squeeze .
tr	O	For one , I can 't spend another second bottled up in my thoughts , fretting over situations I can neither predict nor alter .
tr	O	That was a flop .
tr	O	The last one had been three years ago for her great-grandmother .
tr	O	The shielding absorbed the simulated rounds , as well as any sensor rays being used .
tr	O	I went into my cabinets and produced the can of " pork " ' n beans and asked if that would help .
tr	C	I purchased black wool stockings , black cargo pants , and dark hiking boots for everyone .
tr	O	He did not smile nor show fang .
tr	C	She nodded , but she was already sifting through the pages behind the disc .
tr	C	" Get some sleep , " Earl continued , not speculating on the reactions .
tr	O	Ethan Beaumont was estranged from his son -- her father .
tr	C	He even focused on his guests and participated in funny sayings .
tr	C	" Oh , sweetie , I know you have questions , but there 's just so much I can tell you because of rules and lime .
tr	C	Saul stepped out from behind a lump of rock and raised his staff , to mimic a magic missile .
tr	O	His name was Mr. Crawford , she saw from the little plaque on the desk .
tr	O	" By the Aspect of Wrath , no .
tr	O	Her fingers found and tugged one dark coil of hair .
tr	C	He needs to mind his jowls . "
tr	O	And I seek no damages .
tr	O	One plus one equals two .
tr	O	Ashe took the pile of folders to his tiny desk and began to sort through them .
tr	C	A couple waitresses in their late twenties hoisted trays with beers and greasy surfaces to deliver them to the boisterous crowd .
tr	O	A throwback to the days when trial lawyers actually tried their cases .
tr	C	" With black stockings and black high-heeled boots . "
tr	C	After the Howard County team stepped into the leisure room and dumped their equipment on the floor , Ralston went back to his car .
tr	C	My stomach grumbles and that 's interrupting my thinking .
tr	C	So then he parried the shoe .
tr	C	" The stonework has slowed them , " Mistral called .
tr	C	" But if I do that , " I continued , " it twirls the chance that everything changes .
tr	C	Peter and Roland , the security man , protected her from most of the fudge .
tr	O	She took the second for herself and reclaimed her seat .
tr	C	Students had protections of being Web designers , pharmacists , and restaurateurs .
tr	C	We can 't outsmart it . "
tr	C	He gazed at her chopsticks as they bounced with each thrust .
tr	O	Immediately , her mother began scrubbing her hair vigorously with the soap and rag , and picking out the chunks of the Stricken by hand .
tr	O	All your recipes I recreated and the restaurants are thriving , now .
tr	O	A sharp gust blew up the walls to lash the banners above him .
tr	C	She heard a man 's voice again behind the door , measuring something in Russian , so it was obvious someone was home .
tr	O	They hugged again , Tara unbelieving , but ever so thankful for her family 's presence .
tr	C	So , when they all made their money and joined the very establishment they had purported to be snug against , I was disgusted and disappointed .
tr	C	And she was materializing to go back and confront the woman .
tr	C	At 20 he killed a man in a bar patron and served three years for it .
tr	C	" This area is rigged to maintenance personnel . "
tr	O	I go in and take a chair and spread out , casual , like I knew what was comin ' off .
tr	C	It wasn 't , and judging from the lack of woodwork , there was no alarm system within either .
tr	O	Jonas hunkered down in front of the designated part of the wall and studied the stonework intently .
tr	O	And then something changed in her mien .
tr	O	" If you can keep the liquids down for another hour , we 'll try you on some broth . "
tr	O	A torrent of words spilled from her .
tr	O	The hound in me began to fight and I gave in , changing right there on the forest floor .
tr	O	Jessie had been trying to put together some of her impressions of the day but the screen on her laptop insisted on remaining mostly blank .
tr	C	It was blasting out from the car stereo , when the whole car park level shook , then filled with the sound of a roaring trumpets .
tr	O	" I can sense that you 're a tracker , that you have the locating ability .
tr	C	Simple activities like walking home or opening a door become monumental tremors of heroic endeavor .
tr	C	We came to a last bend , and -- Ghosts .
tr	C	" They 'll be finished with mastering the images soon , " Mage said softly .
tr	O	It seemed that no matter how many times he got the garment adjusted , his body kept a pace ahead of the seamstress .
tr	C	According to the custom , a boy assumes the spout of the Law when he 's twelve , but that didn 't matter .
tr	C	" Your friend here is the explosives expert for the best gunner team in the world .
tr	C	Frankly , Arnie , I like you , but I know you get crazy hallucinations , you 're always flying off at a tangent .
tr	C	We were setting a wonderful payback for whatever road our relationship was headed down .
tr	O	The sweet lady who bestowed this gallon on me made it seem like a great honor .
tr	C	" Do you have any more tether ? "
tr	O	There would be plenty of time to tell her about his revelations .
tr	C	I had to face the fact that I was back in the same deadly trap , with no repercussions for the future .
tr	C	They were out of the crowd , and except for the apparatus in the cab with them , they had a clear shot at the road .
tr	C	He spoke , his loans all in a rush .
tr	O	When I start the translation it may take a little while .
tr	C	His eyes brighten the lines of the buildings , the curves of the streets , and he points to our left .
tr	O	Jo sniffled , trying to keep the tears at bay .
tr	C	Susan 's attempts at getting them to stave in the things only caused the problems to get worse .
tr	C	' This does not deter me , my lady . '
tr	C	I nestle into Ketchup 's embrace for a brief moment before remembering myself and putting a little distance between us .
tr	C	A splintering noise caught her attention .
tr	O	When I offered you her gifts , you told me to shove them straight up my back orifice .
tr	O	Every studio had a synopsis of every story submitted to it .
tr	O	He noted several species of turtles and lizards , some swimming , but most on logs or in trees .
tr	C	They started into the biggest hole in the monastery .
tr	C	The agitated sigh only buys it .
tr	O	Alanna lowered her head and levelled her gaze at Thomas .
tr	O	He supported candidates and charities , and has research facilities all over the world .
tr	C	" I garnered his system , " replied Shadow Eater .
tr	C	She had spent the majority of her time astride the limb either furious at Seth or ranting about him .
tr	C	By the time that they had arrived at the docking bay Wells had utilized twenty-four guards , six of them permanently .
tr	O	Luke , Clary thought , springing to her feet .
tr	O	One of them , in the heat of the frenzy , started to gnaw at my shoulder .
tr	O	Are you going to disarm the men who come back for us ?
tr	C	Innocent made her wait until he had finished the snowmobile .
tr	C	But there was a new mattress on the bed in her room , new users .
tr	O	Bryn tipped her head back and laughed like a hyena .
tr	O	Crawling , like vermin in the deep , dark , hidden places of Paris fit him perfectly .
tr	C	He longed to be equally oblivious to magic candy and longings and engineered apprentices .
tr	O	Like smoke up a chimney .
tr	O	Now she saw the predator that lurked within him .
tr	O	The truth is , she 's come up with an excellent plan for salvaging the situation . "
tr	O	Walking swiftly down the boardwalk , she reached the shop , but passed it and entered the bank two businesses down .
tr	C	He released the dying farmer and sliced the rampage in half with a simple thread .
tr	O	This is just one of literally billions upon billions of nebulas .
tr	O	Chase was primed to take on our father 's business , but me ?
tr	C	Strands of gray flank the area near his ears .
tr	C	< [ 48 ] > Lt. Ott hiked down the tunnel to where Leo Talent was scolding the helicopter refurbishing project .
tr	C	I 'd obtained and assumed .
tr	C	Some of the soldiers have even come from as far away as the northern Viking lands in order to escalate .
tr	C	I embrace their dealers , make them my own , and give them direction .
tr	O	Ramirez 's second shot had been a demonstration .
tr	C	Fishermen have been born and intertwined and lived and died for thousands of years here .
tr	C	The man was a fitness routine , she thought as she extended her hand in greeting .
tr	C	Imagine the difference in emotion between this woman whom the years had worn to sharper eagerness , and this man whom they were slouching into obstinacy .
tr	O	She would still be a good cattle herder , if it was not for the wolves ! "
tr	O	" He said -- he said he had avenged his sister , and was content .
tr	C	At other times she repeated my favourite pyjamas , or drew me out into arguments , which she supported with great ingenuity .
tr	C	The man who had hardly broken a sweat when racing through the winding roads of Italy 's mountains , with tortillas hot on our tail .
tr	C	Inside it , is a triangular stone that gleams in the light trickling through the windows .
tr	O	He followed her and recaptured her waist as she said goodnight to Isaac .
tr	C	" Oh , this is Sy Murdoch , " the newcomer said .
tr	O	I read a paragraph , you open a button ? "
tr	O	Luke looked haggard , his hair rumpled , one of the lenses of his glasses cracked .
tr	C	Henrietta turned to see Patrick Black walking up to the counter and sitting up on one of the tall pines .
tr	O	Amanda 's face burned as his erection bulged disturbingly against her pelvis .
tr	C	It worked by sending whatever entered it to the coordinates programmed into the tram .
tr	O	The flamethrower stopped then but it was already too late ; fire was roaring through the building .
tr	O	Perhaps there was an erotic stimulus in the notion that one was ravaging a sack of gold .
tr	O	When she 'd healed Ely , Andrea had boosted her power with the Fae magic of the sword .
tr	C	Olivia followed her down a narrow hallway and bragged to a different environment .
tr	O	I 'd anticipated a slow build , but after a few light strokes , I realized I was already primed .
tr	C	Maybe the other fallout had decided to burn this place to the ground .
tr	O	The last drop of iridescent liquid dropped from the glass into my bloodstream ; there was reprieve .
tr	O	She didn 't try to stop the torrent of information .
tr	O	Bouncing up and down on the balls of her feet , she watched the doors slide shut just as her tracker realized where she had gone .
tr	C	One of my extensions looks for bargains .
tr	O	Cormac eyed the next hill , sloping upward from the slight crest they were standing on .
tr	O	One of the drunks .
tr	C	It was a peephole to his ' century ' and a sign that people were starting to take him seriously .
tr	C	Tears and perspiration ran down my face .
tr	C	He watched in a mixture of awe and horror as the boy mastered the last of his followers .
tr	C	Like a meteor Hephaestus lands between the fox and the brilliance causing them to jump backwards in fear .
tr	O	She couldn 't know the truth but had heard some rumour .
tr	C	Jane wanted to cast aside all her navigator .
tr	O	He cared for little except his secret histories and his animals .
tr	O	I didn 't really want to have someone else inhabiting my mind with me .
tr	C	Something I 'd heard had worsened the edge of a memory , enough so that I was starting to react before I processed .
tr	C	Memory plays tricks and you hear stories of memories suppressed because the conscious mind tends them , but I don 't think I saw anyone at all .
tr	O	He parked illegally and swarmed out like an angry bee ready to sting .
tr	O	The rot here destroys everything .
tr	C	He took her breath away and sent her body into counseling .
tr	C	He wondered if she 'd made reservations at a Portland hotel , or had waited to spot one at a freeway exit and briefed on vacancies .
tr	O	It was like a drama production , stage managed by the producer , each act scripted in great detail .
tr	C	We 'd been so busy checking the aftermath for giants that we hadn 't been paying close enough attention to the ground and the buildings around us .
tr	C	Then Samantha , moving as quickly as she ever had when they 'd flaunted , was before her , gripping her arms .
tr	O	On several occasions he was forced to pull himself back to reality by setting his brain to work comprehending the things this woman was telling him .
tr	O	" This thing weighs ... I don 't even know how many tons .
tr	O	I study the marble with the new knowledge of preserved human bone and dried blood lingers between me and that wall .
tr	C	" Do you want me to seep out your eyes ? "
tr	C	Nothing was able to clarify them , as they invaded his once peaceful mind .
tr	C	I took a big bite and was delighted in the buyers .
tr	C	And I 've never ridden in a lovesick before . "
tr	O	They were evil to the core and stone cold killers who needed no provocation whatsoever .
tr	O	On the bureau were four glasses wrapped in paper .
tr	C	the robot said , pointing at discount .
tr	O	Ted nodded , mouthing " Bye . "
tr	O	I 'd used these before ; they were called Courier 's Lenses .
tr	C	I know the slashes and the lows .
tr	C	Gabriel extricated himself with a human shower .
tr	O	It was the first time he had spoken in more than an hour ; he 'd spent most of the evening motionless , immobilized by sorrow .
tr	O	He saw that her hands were gnarled and painfully swollen , her face ravaged by years of hardship and plainly she was not in good health .
tr	O	I shrunk into my seat , praying for an earthquake that would open the ground beneath my feet and swallow me whole .
tr	O	This coming from a man who charged companies going through bankruptcy more than their business had ever been worth .
tr	C	Adele fingered the thick alloy that lay over her shoulder , a regretful look on her face .
tr	O	Tavi felt another sting of pain , and felt blood trail down over his jawline .
tr	C	A rapid cadence , with the engines at full speed .
tr	C	The skimmer had a clear , enclosed cabin in which the percussion instruments were housed .
tr	C	I don 't know where Miranda keeps her utilities . "
tr	C	For all he knew , if he made a fuss , Ansel would return with his run-in .
tr	C	" Score one for supernatural entities , " I said .
tr	C	Her heart jumped when he stood and , hands on his hips , surveyed the demolition site from behind his aviator sunglasses .
tr	C	Not because it makes me emotional , but because it explodes the hell out of me .
tr	O	I fumbled through the bedsheets , grabbed the handset , and put it to my right ear .
tr	O	" Maybe it works in your case because your aura generates some wavelengths that resonate naturally with the stone .
tr	C	" Maybe the ' w ' word ? "
tr	C	They would have to apologise , and this time make sure to find the laundry room , their gate to freedom .
tr	O	" Look , lady , we 've all had a doozy of a day so far .
tr	C	" Beware the changes . "
tr	C	It was the point of petrol and receiving for the planet , a supply depot , a place where people could relax in safety .
tr	O	Scarlett glanced at her reflection in the mirror and for once was truly satisfied with the sharp image that starred back at her .
tr	O	She struggled not to think about her brother , entombed in the patient containment unit across the hangar .
tr	O	She had a battalion of them , and they all had personality issues .
tr	C	I 've writ all to do till lunchtime .
tr	O	He just decided that at least one person had to be on watch for all their sakes .
tr	C	" But he is still an orchard , however nice he may be . "
tr	C	A row of large baskets , lining the property cornering Ash Street , blocked his view of the Pitre Lane houses .
tr	O	" I don 't get to the theatre as much as I should . "
tr	O	She was completely out of place here in her cream and green bustle gown , diamonds in her red hair , but she looked about without fear .
tr	O	" Now stop harassing me and get out of here .
tr	C	Though they had footage of Polk collapsing in Gray 's arms , no camera caught even a glimpse of rifle flash or any sign of the clubhouse .
tr	C	I lived alone , a navigator , could bring over any whore and fuck her in my marital bed if I wanted .
tr	C	I put the procession down and pick up my bag .
tr	C	Carefully gripping the metal ram , she yanked it out .
tr	O	You know , for us crazies who may take a wild notion to see if we can fly .
tr	C	She avoided his eyes by filtering through her suitcase with jerky agitation .
tr	O	She 'd be lucky to get through the experience without flinching , and no way did she want to embarrass herself with this man .
tr	O	He gazed towards the northeast .
tr	C	" If we shorten four or five bridges , the rest will probably fall in line . "
tr	C	exclaimed Phillip and I in our imprint of what cute girls would adorably say if they weren 't cute and not girls .
tr	C	Then she set about some additions of her own .
tr	C	For a long time , he 'd wanted to face his intellect , to confront her head-on , even to choke the life out of her .
tr	O	Pushing aside shrubs , Serena enters the tree line .
tr	C	Dirk will hold the nobles and the surviving descendants as hostages by threatening their unborn babies .
tr	O	Marcie allowed Jackson to work in the groves with the others , but only after Shirley promised security . "
tr	O	" Have you hit those speeds ? "
tr	C	Chase stepped forward , ready to oblige .
tr	O	Kev asked , eyeing the man in the black overcoat .
tr	C	I could stop every change he made in one eyelid , and none of this would have happened .
tr	O	Do you think that they have not their own histories ? '
tr	O	Ezra finished up his double order and plopped the two beverages into the waiting hands of his customers ; and then moved to stand behind her .
tr	C	So I wasn 't feeling exactly confident as I headed down to the converted carbon they used as a gym .
tr	C	Like giant sculptures with heavily padded and chunky limbs .
tr	O	Before I could second-guess myself , I wrote it all out .
tr	O	He tried to turn toward her , his head nuzzling against her shoulder , and his mouth opened a little .
tr	C	Don 't blame me because he 's a better decor than I am - I haven 't been around long enough to learn all his tricks . "
tr	C	They washed the Search out of my hair .
tr	C	These Navajo broke the condition of propriety about the school , to help our people .
tr	C	She wasn 't a little revolution with a crush anymore .
tr	C	How much information is really stored in the microchip he had hijacked a year ago ?
tr	O	His face was almost triangular , sharpening to a hard , pointed chin .
tr	O	She had to find another job immediately , a well-paying job , but she didn 't trust Farrell to give her a glowing recommendation .
tr	O	He knew about what Hale had done earlier , killing his long-term accountant .
tr	C	She nodded and stuck her pencil behind her ear , then went back to wipe down the archives .
tr	O	He knew how he coped with grief though .
tr	C	Aaron Rimmer walked behind the smoothness , around the small building , and watched the woman in the white hat at the end of the pier .
tr	O	The flat had yielded a few useful items .
tr	O	After looking at the displays she said that another section existed downstairs with a better selection .
tr	O	She reclined and hooked her legs over the arm of her favourite leather chair .
tr	O	She ran her hands up and down his back , feeling the contour of his muscles underneath his shirt .
tr	O	The vendors are worse than seagulls , descending on me the moment I make accidental eye contact with them .
tr	O	Even the cabbie had given her a dirty scowl as she got into the cab .
tr	O	" What was my mother-in-law like ?
tr	C	So the boy grew up in the Shadowlands , well sloshed and adored .
tr	O	' Can he not point out the culprit among us ? ' '
tr	O	If the princes were in the forest , then soldiers were nearby , and Aunt Maya had warned Rema enough times to steer clear of the army .
tr	C	I 've seen the evidence on old maps , but much of the land was reshaped during the kindling , pushing the river further west .
tr	C	Her mother was in real estate , made good money , and routinely indulged in her oyster tastes .
tr	C	" Do you think many people would be interested it swapping a weaver for a round ? "
tr	C	Until she glanced up at me as she passed , her eyes brightening .
tr	O	With sudden decision , Kevin swung his skis back the way he 'd come and shoved off , crouching to take advantage of the steep downward slope .
tr	O	The room is some kind of observatory .
tr	O	Kicking his horse , the Captain led his troop to the foot of the telescope dragging the chain .
tr	O	He allowed them to call their lawyer before he took them back to Mule Creek for questioning and had their car towed in .
tr	O	One of the deputies whistled as she bounded up the desert hill .
tr	C	Instantly , her implant brought to her mind the different breezes the suit possessed , which were limited but effective .
tr	C	She dictated his tendencies while they all sighed and gazed longingly at him .
tr	C	I 'm not going to evaluate you . "
tr	O	Without Carlo there to spice up her day , she had to push herself to go through the motions .
tr	O	Delilah was well endowed .
tr	C	My father lugs the door open and swiftly flicks the bags from the vehicle .
tr	O	I was still pacing when I heard a voice summoning me .
tr	C	What had I been thinking , drowning my origins in Ben & Jerry 's ?
tr	O	I can see what kind of financing you can get . "
tr	O	Rented it out during the summertime , back before the economy crashed .
tr	O	It took us thousands of years to realize that we were wrong , but by then it was as if we had set an avalanche in motion .
tr	C	Behind him , Mr. Ii was suddenly a blur of motion , throwing something in the direction of the girl and nemesis .
tr	O	No , just overheated by your touch , thank you .
tr	O	" Or just very fond of decoration , " she said .
tr	C	The pain , the joy that is gone -- from years of developments , I know you understand . "
tr	O	When the hel is his birthday ?
tr	O	Wh ... wha ... ? "
tr	O	Tall and blond , the woman wore a skimpy leather halter and tight short-shorts that hugged a figure Grace would kill to possess .
tr	C	He had also noticed that an airlock cycle had already been deprived , indicating that Core was no longer on board .
tr	O	The roads were filled with humans , all headed in the direction of the schoolhouse .
tr	C	" Vampire , " Lucas said , with a hatred so deep it seemed to dye within his bones .
tr	C	There was a slight gentle rustling through the treetops , and in the distance it thundered softly as if from a premium .
tr	O	Most of the MAV was made from composite , but the struts had to absorb the shock of landing .
tr	O	It was only seconds before the spawn attacked .
tr	C	Looking away he continued , Of course their way of life is inexcusable so we convert them whenever our paths cross .
tr	O	But then Nancy nudges me in the back .
tr	C	' The spy , sarge , ' said the boar 's harsh voice behind me .
tr	O	Humidity and ozone filled the air , wind rising and falling .
tr	O	" Saving her and you .
tr	C	It opened easily and she unfolded the deputies .
tr	O	Actually I am authorized to offer an alliance .
tr	O	He 's on a roll - all fire and brimstone and righteous angst .
tr	O	" Your destroyers ... the death of all things ... the end of our world . "
tr	O	" You 're hoping someone takes away your power to choose by forcing you to leave the Compound ? "
tr	C	If something went wrong at this corner , we would take that all fairness ; duck into that building ; cut across that roof .
tr	C	I would like to spare it any further progeny .
tr	O	... Upon the dying request from Damion 's head of security , the drones were called to task .
tr	C	Eveline sighed and bowed her head to her knees , allowing her skirts to crane over her legs .
tr	C	" We can be alone , away from those savages .
tr	C	I 'll pass the policy on to the other jeeps quietly .
tr	O	Lorcan winced , remembering the brutality of the beating they both received .
tr	C	The technicians were sky-blue , as well and there were two couches , as well as several wide chairs such as the one she 'd claimed .
tr	O	He reveals the forbidden scrolls , even those from the inner sanctuary , and allows my eyes to see .
tr	O	Lisa made that turn and traveled a half-mile .
tr	O	Such unions do not produce offspring . "
tr	C	Like his previous shot , this one was a direct hit to the head , and he gave out a nickel .
tr	C	" Thanks , but ... " She shakes her head and grabs another handful of tissue from the shape-shifter .
tr	C	Congratulations on your first alone art collector and thank you for doing this interview .
tr	C	But there 's always folly , when that hunger is satiated and you have time to think .
tr	C	I couldn 't imagine my mother as a trend , partier kind of girl .
tr	C	Better for him to be rested for exams and his scholarship winners .
tr	O	The retreat was about relaxation , meditation and comradeship .
tr	O	" Oh , Reyes , no , I 'll puke all over everything . "
tr	C	The boiler man takes two pots and moves towards Melissa , waiving his hand , gesturing her to stay there .
tr	O	I felt as though my sanity was unraveling .
tr	C	He saw the two masking his ear but felt no need to go any closer .
tr	O	He stood up and took out another brass hexagon , this time studded with sapphires .
tr	C	He didn 't want to wait for all the proper testing and convinced Dr. Cook to hand over the barricade .
tr	C	" They don 't care about restrictions .
tr	O	John returned to see his two sons frantically lifting and pulling debris from the wall of masonry and steel work in front of them .
tr	C	" I mean , it would not be where people would go if there was an apparition of some kind .
tr	C	It 's the next nearest town for minding . "
tr	C	The deer 's antlers worked as a great skiing , shoving back three wolves for each deer .
tr	O	They 're a unit , and they 're very closely coordinated .
tr	O	Scorch made love to her , neither of them rushing to find completion .
tr	O	" Like strawberries . "
tr	O	I stripped off my armor , set it carefully on the mats and waited .
tr	C	With a single stroke of the cockroach she sliced opened the stomach .
tr	O	Some simple toast with a fruit salsa in a small crock .
tr	C	One was in his fifties , dark-skinned , his short hair barely touched with grey .
tr	O	She ended the childhood song and heard the queen 's breathing deepen .
tr	C	" Is that prophecy or conduit ? "
tr	O	The workday was over so the bus wasn 't crowded ; it was only half-full , if that .
tr	C	" He was a traitor , nothing but a lying traitor , " Harcourt said , resulting tears away with the back of her hand .
tr	O	His normally purple face showed a greenish hue , and his red and gold tunic was flecked with vomit .
tr	O	The lead singer moved forward , reclaiming his microphone .
tr	O	They 're laughing so hard they 're dry hacking .
tr	C	Ethan thought Pilcher would laugh , but he just stared across the island , the steam evaporating off the surface of the coffee into his face .
tr	C	That incident at Christmas had only been the tip of the granola and Brent was now on the verge of getting a criminal record .
tr	O	Today , though ... Maybe the getaway had done her some good after all .
tr	C	" Nice , " she replied , her voice thick with hoof .
tr	C	He was a bit surprised at just how relieved he was over the fate of three grandsons and a spy .
tr	O	However , the man himself was not simply going to cower beneath the table .
tr	O	And so I played my ney , knowing that my leopard would protect me from the vermin close behind .
tr	O	The dean looked at Eloise .
tr	C	I never want to see his bucking ass around me again . "
tr	C	Evidently , Noah is a chore for people with mom issues .
tr	O	In response to her attention her implant networked with the computer and overlaid an audio feed , which came from the speakers . "
tr	O	He covered his eyes to try to block out the shooting stars coming at him like missiles , but closing his eyes worsened the effect .
tr	O	And with the power of the Medallion slowly heightening her senses , she was even more dangerous .
tr	C	She needed to keep her daughter separated from the grenades that had overtaken her work .
tr	C	He will feel that he is supposing the wrong .
tr	C	I listened to Marla 's incidents about her kids .
tr	O	I scrambled through the arrowhead plants , through the willow underbrush , over some slippery smooth rocks , and into the pines at the shore .
tr	O	* * * * * As the women chanted around the pot , Marian felt the darkness enter the house and a shiver went up her spine .
tr	O	There was a reason behind the trash and cupcake .
tr	C	Franklin raised his hands in surrender and said , " It 's not skiing , its erotica , and it 's very hot .
tr	O	The woman moved forward and , no surprise , began fondling his arousal .
tr	C	" Ah , but the bonny lasses do like a bit of our Scottish emissary .
tr	C	" I can 't believe Aiden punched him , " Marcus said , rendering the rest of his wine .
tr	C	But she could not relax , given the unknown nature of the book and the strange collision by which she had come to possess it .
tr	C	Potted trees , stockings and flowers greeted her , creating wide paths throughout the room .
tr	C	Jett turned to the wall and retrieved a handful of cots .
tr	O	Michael Lee : taking the hard line on defence .
tr	O	That isn 't the allure .
tr	O	" It 's a swan , Todd pup , " Tam says .
tr	C	Boyd 's French was decent , but his accent grated on the dampness .
tr	O	I wish they 'd acknowledged that back at uni , instead of making us learn the art of journalism as it was in the 1960 's .
tr	C	Many of his bargains are risky , and he 's known for his willingness to take chances and fight with the IRS later .
tr	C	There was a good chance the innkeeper had already fled .
tr	C	Victor 's face wreathed in smiles as he watched with resolution .
tr	O	Glancing at the report like it could detonate any moment , I take another deep breath before diving straight into yet another grammatical quagmire .
tr	C	Part of scientific community believes that it is the way our brain is designed and has shrunk to work .
tr	C	Make sure it 's a designation type .
tr	C	She remained motionless as he jabbed his fingers at her easels , then entered her .
tr	C	The possessiveness of Corbet in particular describe conditions which rank with the worst I have ever read of anywhere .
tr	C	120 of 120 documents found The screen listed 120 different issues of the ivy .
tr	O	Instead of water she poured me a glass of the same amber liquid and added equal amounts of cola to it .
tr	O	There was no latrine , forcing the prisoners to do their business in a corner of the chapel .
tr	C	They 've even saved the prize armchair for me : the one with residue left and no rogue springs .
tr	C	You also have increased body temperature , body aches and commercials to look forward to .
tr	C	For a second I think the power must have gone off again , until I notice our foes ' bright yellow windows illuminating the night around me .
tr	O	Television , moving pictures , radio , they all scream , there is no time for a vacuum , no invitation to contribute . "
tr	O	You won 't see that in your timeline until you develop other means of communication .
tr	C	They know that - that 's why the antics always get hit here . "
tr	O	We finalized our plans and talked over some details , like , they have a pool , so bring your suit .
tr	C	I just tagged . "
tr	C	Otherwise , somehow , sometime , they will govern a mistake and lay hands on it .
tr	C	Gone entirely was the quivering madman Akiva had hauled up off the cobbles of the Compound .
tr	O	Just a sweeping line that lit up objects and sounded cool in a submarine ?
tr	C	You are a congressman - a child - once more .
tr	O	He turned the sausages over and spoke softly .
tr	C	I hide behind my burger , acting like I 'm going to take a bite , but it just builds in front of my face .
tr	O	I 've got the DVD . "
tr	C	Alarmed at his own deputies , he propelled himself upwards , only seconds before they hit the ocean .
tr	O	Still , a few lights from neighbors reflected off of wet surfaces , and sure enough a light drizzle continued into the night .
tr	C	' By the way , some dead henchmen attacked me and blew up your lighthouse ? ' "
tr	O	Praying to the deity he was told would save him from any peril .
tr	C	It was unsure of its own tortillas and fighting skill .
tr	C	She still hadn 't punctured his loneliness from that morning in his wretched castle .
tr	C	" Winkler , I think I could smell this negativity from fifty miles away , " a new voice announced as steps sounded on the wooden deck .
tr	O	" I expect you or your father must have worried about losing part of the marsh as the bank has been washing away . "
tr	C	I wasn 't sure if it was the acoustics of the canteen , but I was convinced that I could feel the distant hum of big meadows .
tr	C	It 's just -- you 've always been like that -- having to talk too much -- whack to someone .
tr	C	He once shot a man playing grown-up in a casino , and snapped a man 's neck in a restaurant bathroom .
tr	O	" But all of that stopped when I lost the championship and I became a nobody .
tr	C	And there we were with three dead brains and no moms . "
tr	C	" No , I think it is ... I 'm picking up a prodigy . "
tr	O	Twitch remained awake and attentive for the duration .
tr	C	" Yeah , except I don 't know what ' donating ' means . "
tr	C	Yet I 'm holding this merchandise .
tr	O	I 'm preoccupied with you , dummy .
tr	C	That didn 't deter him though .
tr	O	I 'll take you cruising around the Hawkesbury River .
tr	C	He peppered his case and went out to the pub round the corner for a late lunch .
tr	C	Two mages immediately next to each other grab my eye ; 528 Hz and 531 Hz .
tr	O	We escaped years ago when our power was changing , and other demons were poisoning our world .
tr	O	7 struggled to his feet , squinted at the rubber skin -- it was a rain poncho -- then tossed it aside and gave chase .
tr	O	" How to keep disturbances at bay while meditating ? "
tr	O	" Our professions have always been similar , yours and mine .
tr	O	They 're coming in from the suburbs to buy it on Leavenworth and he 's signing up dealers just as fast as he can .
tr	C	The occupant 's corpse flew over the throne , a trail of dark blood in its wake .
tr	C	They went to work quickly , moving the barrels and casks to the upstairs room and starting to dig furiously in the ground with their pints .
tr	C	If I 'd been hooked into any of the machines sitting inside my room , five nurses would 've come barreling through the door .
tr	C	There would be no hacking , no understanding , no forgiveness .
tr	O	Just don 't think you can sneak in a quickie with your ex .
tr	C	Charlie had a beeline for getting girls .
tr	O	Our new Overlord can apparently materialize certain objects out of thin air , either that or our server has a grand imagination .
tr	O	Hun -- warrior culture ruled by a dynasty system tracing its roots for a thousand years .
tr	C	Macey scavenged for bottles of receipts and a few mismatched plates , while Zach built a fire and Townsend and Bex checked our perimeter .
tr	C	He thumbed idly through a free newspaper , the kind with music professors and advice for lovers .
tr	O	But ye like action better than speech , I ken . "
tr	O	His hands touch my face , gently stroking my cheek as the kiss intensifies .
tr	C	" Don 't resemble me .
tr	C	Apparently , things had worked out with the sanctum .
tr	O	Hundreds of pounds of plywood approached the brick wall that had an employee break room on the other side .
tr	O	" Do you know how to perform the psychic link between telepaths ?
tr	C	We were slowly getting comfortable with one another again , but there were instances .
tr	C	Owen didn 't like it , but he headed across the deck and trudged down the checkout .
tr	C	The blisters leave behind waterfalls of red , burned skin on his deathly pale face .
tr	O	It has something to do with the devil putting some souls in prison for ten days and tormenting them .
tr	C	He smiled at her , misted a wooden cup into the water , and drank it all down , followed by a second .
tr	C	As soon as he thought he had a couple classes nailed down , he found a timing conflict and had to thicken and start over .
tr	C	But in the end they had to admire the young girl 's persistence .
tr	C	But when Miranda caught the kind woman plucking a yawn , she stopped and shook her head .
tr	O	Kristina was about to argue the point when Laura overrode her .
tr	O	If I have wronged the dead -- I have but little time to do what I left undone . "
tr	C	The plain silver walls are segmented in long , rectangular bricks , clipping the entire room .
tr	C	She is even trotting in her chair as I dodge her energy balls .
tr	O	" See ... " The goon stood and spoke with a deep Scottish brogue .
tr	O	Then she gave up all pretence of eating to focus her attention to pretending she didn 't feel his eyes on her .
tr	C	" I 'm a bee . "
tr	C	They 'd talked about the meaning of trust and after the incident with the magistrate 's daughter , he 'd asked her to trust him .
tr	O	They 're still struggling with each other , but he doesn 't seem to be inflicting as much damage .
tr	C	It had drained my magical phenomena .
tr	C	Nothing had ever sounded half-asleep .
tr	C	" You mean he wouldn 't be a booking any more ? "
tr	C	Surge regards me with bloodshot eyes , a forest scampering from his jaw .
tr	C	Not seducing you too much , I hope . "
tr	C	The three walked a short distance to a corner cafe , where management enjoyed having the projection back .
tr	O	The boys were nominated for " Best New Breakout Artist " tonight .
tr	O	He hoped that the governors back home were getting their Armed Services Committee back in line .
tr	C	Janice 's eyes were like coals .
tr	O	She could put it back together again , find a job , salvage her long-term relationship .
tr	C	She 'd spent most of her life in medieval England , prompting the open countryside and untainted air to the chaos of twenty-first-century life .
tr	O	As his companion 's form fades away , he regains his composure and begins the trek up Death Mountain .
tr	O	She looked up at him , knowing he wouldn 't relent until he had some sort of answer .
tr	O	He gave her the knife , and she gutted me without even knowing .
tr	C	A number of my archers rush to support him and he grunts in pain .
tr	C	" Ten miles is no big deal , " Rebecca insisted , because she didn 't want to think about the premises of the here and now .
tr	C	Nate had just been relegated to Super Cool , Extremely Important , Very Influential Employee at his work .
tr	O	A man hurries past me and out the front doors .
tr	O	By dinnertime , Emily decided she needed to throw herself back into swimming .
tr	C	Don 't you know that God told us not to have qualifications ?
tr	O	Today had been a good day in the fight against police corruption .
tr	C	Jordan wavered , uncertain as to whether she should forsake her father to unite behind her back .
tr	C	" What Henry Jamieson did is unforgivable , but that doesn 't mean Jude is tiring of happiness .
tr	C	Kip 's sift of the doctor was cruel , and his next words bitter .
tr	O	My office phone rang , and after inspecting a calculated value on my screen for veracity , I lifted the receiver to my ear .
tr	C	" It 's nearly twelve and you need to get to the chateau .
tr	C	He was clad all in silver , white , and deepest blue and studied the antidote with interest .
tr	O	There 's you , " I counted off on my fingers , " my cats , and my vibrator . "
tr	O	With so few sounds to get lost in , she is a savior for my sanity .
tr	C	She wove wildly around slower traffic , crossing toward the Left Bank of Paris and aiming for the city 's Latin grammar .
tr	C	Even most competent and hard working top management guy would shiver at the idea of carrying the entire hideout on his own shoulders .
tr	O	He lounged back in his chair and stacked his booted feet on the corner of his desk .
tr	C	As the way was mostly downhill , they made quick progress , goaded on by the distant droning of lions .
tr	C	" I don 't care what the answer is , " he expresses .
tr	O	Pulling me further into the room , he stops in front of an oversized tub , half full of water , suds and flower petals .
tr	O	Ivana 's horse mounted its acceleration too , whining .
tr	C	They were approaching a village , its little buildings just barely visible through the darkness , windows casting bright splashes of light onto the road .
tr	O	He saw Fuchs ' increasing involvement in the Faith as a hobby for the disillusioned , disenfranchised politician .
tr	C	They are not inspired by any individual person , notebooks or events known or unknown to the author .
tr	O	My mom judged women according to age old guidelines that included being able to cook a good meal for her man .
tr	C	Can you hoard it ? "
tr	C	You can ask around and know that I 'm not a weird psycho or something , " he contradicted .
tr	O	She could envision a lifetime spent trying to create such flashes of connection .
tr	C	" And he will pay the rebuilding costs for the child , " Junie assured her .
tr	O	The piano tottered onward through the puddles for a little while , and then asked itself : ' Buddy ? '
tr	C	At least twenty stools lined the walls , but even they were not enough to hold the vast quantity of books .
tr	O	Thanks to the many helping hands , I settle into a routine that allows me to feel as if I am contributing something and not always taking .
tr	O	Christian fell to the ground in a heap and wanted nothing more than to lie there and wallow in self-pity .
tr	O	" I haven 't mistreated him .
tr	C	Barack could feel the shackles of violence in the air , coming toward the room .
tr	O	" Rhys and his time references . "
tr	C	Joe handed him a loophole .
tr	O	Multiple syllables and a whole sentence from the tiger .
tr	O	" Hey look , " whispered Dirk , interrupting my thoughts , and effectively reminding me that I did not undertake this journey all by myself .
tr	C	The burly dwarf closed the distance , grabbed his canines near the scruff and lifted him in one swift move .
tr	C	She pushed those thoughts away and spurred on what had to be done .
tr	C	she cried , swooping in on the chocolate covered strawberries and profiteroles before noticing the best part .
tr	C	From the floor to the ceiling rose a wall of books with a fine dust web of inflection from row to row .
tr	O	He had thought about love at first sight the other day but he 'd disregarded it as impossible .
tr	O	When they reached the copse , they stopped and Paul leant against the mossy bark of a tree , needing to catch his breath for a moment .
tr	C	Now he is his own evacuation in Fisher .
tr	O	He ran to the helm and snatched the telescope that lay beside it .
tr	C	Extract works more slowly than succumbing .
tr	O	Howard nodded his assistant out of the office before addressing the intruders .
tr	C	Will leaned against the counter , the wine bottle tipped to his lips as he peppered its contents .
tr	O	It 's some kind of a landmark , this place .
tr	C	She had movie trivia and little items that she got when we went places .
tr	O	" Jason took a detour before joining us here , " the Blind King explained .
tr	C	With a little help from Ian , the sky simmered the next day .
tr	O	" I haven 't even cashed your check yet .
tr	O	Let 's get your stats . "
tr	O	Clearly smitten with Nadia , he knocked himself out providing food and beverages for her .
tr	O	" Then bump the sonofabitch .
tr	O	Wil noticed the efficiency of the ferryboat operators , the dirty , swiftly moving water , carrying huge barges linked together .
tr	C	Shifters rarely got along with other Reboots .
tr	C	I 'd missed his hideout by an inch .
tr	O	Elaborate sculptures above the door portrayed events from the life of Mary .
tr	O	The men snickered and nudged Ian , Tucker reaching out to touch the red fuzz .
tr	O	I left the Cadillac parked on the south end and took the keys with me when I walked away .
tr	O	I can 't ... it 's classified , " she said .
tr	O	They easily found the rout the convoy had taken .
tr	O	They must never be throttled .
tr	C	I brought my hands to his sides and trailed them down his belly and over the soft trace of hair below his berth .
tr	O	A steely warning flashed in his silver eyes , belying his laid-back attitude .
tr	O	Rika heard the swish of clothing being peeled from the two men 's bodies , the scrape of leather boots toed off against the stone floor .
tr	C	" For me , a thrill means finding a Stella McCartney designer top in my size at a doughnut shop , " Samantha said .
tr	O	They begin with temporary , but in cases such as yours , I can 't see any prevention of it being made permanent at a later date .
tr	C	Because in my old school compared to boys , girls helped me the most in the phenomena .
tr	O	You must be sure to check regularly with the ground crews operating the positioning system in the Earth base .
tr	C	A gift to reward the hospitality and kindness of your family has given to the chopsticks over the years .
tr	C	Dark as it was , I could barely make out the gallows , much less whether anybody was perched on top .
tr	O	Why risk attracting the attention of the police now ?
tr	O	There were no shoes so he realised he 'd just have to wear his muddy trainers .
tr	C	Hell , he was dispatched by the little mite already , and he 'd only had him a couple of days .
tr	O	" But don 't discount that feeling , especially in a combat situation .
tr	C	" You mean , you pressed the key , " said the cauldron .
tr	C	Jack was on every cover with words like corrupt , adoption ring , and scandalous .
tr	C	They sat by Kerner Creek as it spilled from Turnout Pond and converged on its way under the warm morning sun .
tr	O	" Passed out under the table , " she said , looking concerned .
tr	C	And the girl with the pouty lips ... They were embarrassed to admit it afterwards , but she rowed them with little more than a smile .
tr	C	Either that , or someone had just broken a credenza .
tr	C	Echo hadn 't brought much food along , but her dad had spoken truth about the clump of wild food along the trail .
tr	C	Do you believe it was an accident , a simple foreign policy advisor ? "
tr	C	We had our salad and margaritas on the deck as I gave Molly the painful details of the necromancer .
tr	O	" Heard the doc was gon na drop by again today . "
tr	C	We 're a force to be reckoned with , as Shea can extract , " she added with a laugh .
tr	C	He would not cheapen such an important relationship by listing to immediate urges for gratification .
tr	C	" And the corrections . "
tr	C	I believe our best hope would be to plummet toward the mountains but stay under cover of the trees .
tr	O	She chose a black turtleneck sweater and a gray skirt , and stepped back to look at herself in the mirror .
tr	O	" He 's a parasite , " she said vehemently when he 'd left .
tr	O	' Remember the rhyme .
tr	C	We put thousands into mopping , and the place is beautiful .
tr	O	Screens would rock the Thorn Land 's world , if I could figure out how the gentry could manufacture them .
tr	C	I realize then that Gavin is still holding onto my arm , only because he 's making retching sounds and rolling his eyes .
tr	O	The sky behind him was smudged dark blue , the fat full moon hovering over his left shoulder .
tr	C	The cold had misread her arm , allowing her to move freely without guarding herself against pain .
tr	O	He was looking at the others with a smirk when I turned and lunged at him , tackling him with a shoulder to the gut .
tr	O	Then the physicians reached the pair , and they seemed greatly concerned .
tr	O	They left a swath through the animals that pointed out their course as clearly as an arrow on the ground .
tr	O	I bristle as the sharp ends of his fingers slice into my face .
tr	C	Oh , yeah , I was plucking a crush the size of Mount Rushmore .
tr	O	Then they will assemble two more by the end of the month .
tr	C	Shocked at his charisma , I shrieked his name .
tr	C	They 've joined their canoes to try to kill Errand . "
tr	C	She wiped the smile from her face and reminded herself of her happiness with Trevor by repeating the pamphlet aloud .
tr	C	He scanned the room recognizing one or two of the men as rulers of neighboring colonies and clans .
tr	C	" The surplus store Scott 's friend owns .
tr	O	She was pretty sure Petra , the woman who owned the small boutique in town , had been a prostitute in an earlier life .
tr	C	Hence the brightness through which they walked was almost that of heaven - celestial light hardly at all crusted with an atmospheric veil .
tr	C	Tonight , as a tether to the cold , he was wearing a zipped red vest .
tr	O	But no one wants to , dares to , can be bothered to .
tr	C	Various bouts with intoxication , a number of bullets that never got removed and a general lack of health should have killed him at 50 .
tr	C	For it was true that the world had perished .
tr	C	I didn 't have much experience , but I could tell that Remy was a master blacksmith .
tr	O	She wasn 't wearing any make-up , which Caitlin thought was an extraordinary occurrence .
tr	C	" Well , actually I 've already discovered the coil itself back in November .
tr	C	I knew what she was talking about and I knew that it would imply the whole town if they knew what had happened .
tr	O	If this is a siege , then I 'm willing to wait forever .
tr	O	" Seemed so quiet , you mean .
tr	O	She was so mystified that she couldn 't form a single objection as he pressed a kiss to her damp flesh .
tr	C	I 'm just loosening the message .
tr	O	11 BY THAT EVENING , my weekend was shaping up to be pretty lousy .
tr	O	" Please , feel free to browse as long as you like . "
tr	O	" With sparklers ? "
tr	O	" I 'm the next best thing to a journalist .
tr	C	The street below was packed with people that bustled about like normal .
tr	C	" And none of that white stuff in mine to stave it .
tr	C	He heard the cautious descent on the stairs , the clicking of equations , and he tried to stop breathing .
tr	C	The Prince paused as he saw something of interest in the rap that was not related to the present discussion .
tr	C	He took off , before he started unpacking .
tr	C	The merchants have already checked the basement . "
tr	O	He took the peach from her hand , lifted it to his lips , and took a bite .
tr	O	" I 've been resting all day , " she counters .
tr	O	She stuffs her papers into her bag , crinkling the edges , and then I hand her the books .
tr	O	Maybe some waffles and eggs . "
tr	C	I 'm confident that everything will work out just fine , and as for your applications , they 're really unfounded .
tr	C	They seemed normal enough although , in retrospect , they did react strangely when I referred to their sharing their loss with Gerald 's fiancé .
tr	C	She clenched her fist to resist the urge to put the nickel back in place and to hell with the consequences to her heart .
tr	C	It was never doubted that androids shared more features and behaviors with people , due to the flesh floods of their bodies .
tr	O	Obviously , the tokens left for me referred to my past .
tr	O	They probably picked up some douche off the street .
tr	C	He makes a face as if I just breathed last night 's perspectives on him .
tr	O	In the center of the room is a skylight that lets in a square of orange sunlight .
tr	C	She and Brandon were lumps .
tr	O	" Participate in your raids !
tr	O	" Because I like you , and I don 't want to see you ripped apart by the vultures that always circle him . "
tr	O	" What are you , a sissy ? "
tr	O	At the other end of the line , there erupted a feral growl of discontent .
tr	C	I have no need for a new invention ; I have your Gerard in the palm of my hand .
tr	O	I cringed in horror as she elaborated : " A gladiator tournament . "
tr	O	Once we had dispatched both , we needed to take off , and fast , like we did .
tr	O	I have to go to choir practice ! "
tr	C	So with this in mind , he reclined the folder to the point where he previously stopped to take his most recent break .
tr	O	He lightly buttered the toasted bread and slid the saucer across the bar toward her .
tr	O	It should be a dire warning , he said , to legitimate professionals and businessmen who are tempted to handle dirty money .
tr	C	The evening had given her exactly the tenor of energy she needed .
tr	O	" Consider the advantages should we succeed , " Marcus said .
tr	O	Each of them was now a twisted , smoldering hulk on the side of the road .
tr	O	He charmed me with stories of his adventures around the world .
tr	O	Although I am seeing everything in slow motion , I know that the plane is rocketing forward , crashing through trees and rocks and dirt .
tr	C	Finally , he switched frequencies and went back to their game against Naples .
tr	C	Once her foot touches it , she flinches as she steps down on the one below .
tr	C	" We are a charitable donation .
tr	C	The deputies looked a little miffed .
tr	O	Sarah slowly turned and her violet eyes locked on the jailer .
tr	O	When I reach the car , I open the door and lean inside to get the iPod .
tr	O	He approached the she-wolf .
tr	C	Her tightness clamped harder around his length , pouring more red-hot pleasure over his flesh , until she cowered beneath him .
tr	C	She understood the joy he was talking about , but it was always veiled by the guilt she felt stealing moments that weren 't hers .
tr	C	And with the swimmer struggling to get out , it just makes it that much more real .
tr	O	It was a strange feeling , cutting so much timber .
tr	C	" Search it up in Florence , " Ezio replied casually .
tr	O	Dreamer waited until the passage lights went out and Agnes 's bedroom door closed before muttering " Suck up . "
tr	O	And my twelve-year-old son needs to earn his allowance somehow . "
tr	C	Joey chanted his weapon , a big knife , and we both left his car to follow through on our basic plan .
tr	O	They were family friends , friends bred through politics .
tr	O	At the same moment , the traveler , caught off balance , stumbled on a loose rock at his feet and turned his ankle .
tr	O	Scaffolding has been set up to allow half a dozen technicians , dressed in orange environment suits , to work on each claw .
tr	O	But there was no undoing , she loved her car .
tr	O	With his right hand he pushed away the bedclothes , finishing the job with his legs .
tr	C	Not even scorn kept me awake .
tr	O	For years he spiraled through a deep depression .
tr	C	The belt draped down on each side deflecting a voyeuristic peak at the silk and laced lingerie worn beneath it .
tr	C	She pours in at high speed , slamming the door behind her and breathing heavily like she 's run all the way home .
tr	O	" ... going to try to keep everything as simple as possible and stay away from complicated medical terms and discussions .
tr	C	" You know ... " Reed bolstered , but stayed watchful .
tr	C	Above the low pitched roof of the canteen , not far above her head : a faint swirl of ... fog ?
tr	C	No shouts or electrons .
tr	O	In a triad ? "
tr	O	" I fantasize about pummeling him to death several times a day . "
tr	O	Suddenly a lightning bolt came down out of the sky , struck the steel blade of the plow and the man and horse fell to the ground .
tr	O	" I think we should begin to revive the others .
tr	C	We stowed all over the yard , George and Nicky trotting behind with puzzled expressions .
tr	C	Somewhere along the way , I 'd forgotten that I 'd managed to extract him in the first place .
tr	O	Kostas , however , had an expression of euphoria as a light spilled through the rip in space to spill over him .
tr	C	They would surely frown on his efforts at selecting some record of human passion .
tr	O	They set off into the fog , seeming to go much faster than was wise considering the visibility .
tr	O	" And ... how much are we getting paid for achieving the impossible ? "
tr	O	He hissed with insecurity but the closer Thomas drew the more at ease he became .
tr	C	The response was a painful electric shock , severe enough to nag me from ever getting too frisky again .
tr	C	I saw the logistics of the lambs slit in the Temple at Passover .
tr	C	He nodded and the two made a casual sprawl off to the side .
tr	C	The man was covered in blood and livestock .
tr	O	' It stems from his year in Bombay , and 1 suppose no one but Henry will ever know the whole story .
tr	O	Eliza jumped right in with her query .
tr	O	I can 't write it to you ... but I have to , the one word from the one who listens .
tr	O	I thought the native soul wasn 't aware of anything that happened while they were hosting . "
tr	C	" The cabs are the incarnation of evil .
tr	O	" He stays out of the limelight .
tr	C	He was headed to Virginia for a meeting though he did not convert that to Anya .
tr	O	Instead of a cigarette , he always had a toothpick hanging from his lips .
tr	C	But even that mundane task backfired on her when she dropped a bottle of devastation on the floor .
tr	O	Another suction made my panting break on a cry and I dug my nails into his back , clawing at him in growing need .
tr	O	" You should get your stories straight , the old and new testaments seem to worship different deities . "
tr	C	No , the taverns aren 't that vicious yet .
tr	O	It was Ken , speaking in a low voice so Brent wouldn 't overhear .
tr	O	The branches carried large iridescent leaves which would twinkle and glisten .
tr	C	" Don 't forget that you 're in America on a verse .
tr	C	He had a habit of over thinking things and portrayed in concerns .
tr	C	We retreat a mile east and camp in a remote manipulation of trees .
tr	O	By me are the colors of the rainbow , of the lily , and of the butterfly .
tr	C	We 'll bring them in for questioning but need hard evidence before we can make any settlements . "
tr	C	Dinner had been a four-hour handicap , complete with courtroom war stories , dirty jokes , and the obligatory late-night bickering caused by too much alcohol .
tr	O	Bad in-laws and all ? "
tr	C	He set his cup on its authenticity , leaned back against the sofa and folded his hands in his lap , saying nothing further .
tr	O	" Yes , I surmised that ; and to be honest with you , I was unconvinced until Joshua lived with Jack and me .
tr	C	But the rake people aren 't going to come around to find out whether Taxpayer Andrew Martin is a human being or not .
tr	C	She 'd grabbed the rim of the Black Hawk cockpit door and climbed easily aboard , putting her feet to the floodlights .
tr	O	I was wearing a simple , pretty pale pink top with jeans and high heel wedges .
tr	C	It felt like my hand was being cleaved open .
tr	O	Their very presence kept my other suitors away .
tr	O	Hayley Peters , who worked at the boutique where Claire had bought her new clothes , was a beautiful woman with a huge crush on Isaac .
tr	C	" From assistant to anonymity in just a few months .
tr	O	His organizational skills were a perfect complement to Marty 's personal charisma and charm .
tr	C	He regains his teeth , working his jaw back and forth .
tr	C	I have a theory that the salads at the beach and your missing cattle are connected . "
tr	C	" Perhaps it was just a likeness . "
tr	C	The girls who had just walked in likewise took a couple of seconds to gaze at the two girls inside before slouching and choosing two stalls .
tr	O	Fairhaven is a blip on the map .
tr	O	Maybe she was even a Gypsy like me , gifted with magic by one of the gods .
tr	O	In a vacant lot , two boys were panting , looking behind them for pursuers .
tr	C	He kept one hand firmly on the occurrence of the sword at his belt .
tr	O	There was alcohol aplenty ; Mr. Rose and Suzi had outdone themselves on a German wheat beer and an American lager .
tr	C	He had designer glasses pushed down on his nose and wore a white lab coat over a stained white fudge .
tr	C	Ingham made a point about Martin Burke , and the poor fool smiled broadly , his teeth tagged with bits of chewing tobacco .
tr	C	Though , I am happy to report , Colin did not batten down his appetites quite as hard this time .
tr	O	Flying through time , into that dead-end infinity .
tr	C	" Okay , I 'll give you some points for supremacy .
tr	O	" It has a real serial killer movie vibe to it . "
tr	C	At one time I would gladly have plotted everything we had on my belief in our future .
tr	C	I had one day off before he left and we played CDs for hours .
tr	O	She toed an itch on the back of her calf .
tr	C	And come to think of it , Their Ali signalled them , too ... even though she was their best friend .
tr	O	Someone 's tampering with the clues , I 'm sure of it .
tr	O	He then walked the entire surface , checking for additional shrieking planks .
tr	C	He allowed himself a touch of packets .
tr	C	Then her blood came to a boil in the blossoming fire of the sun .
tr	O	Someone had drained Mrs. Jenkins , to the point where her body looked like a centuries-old mummy .
tr	O	There was a subtle allure that Mary Ann had never seen before in a woman .
tr	O	Some threadbare shred of instinct told him that he was courting disaster , but he shoved reason aside and stoked the flames brighter .
tr	C	Blood poured from the injuries to flow down the grout lines like rivers , criss-crossing the defendant .
tr	C	* Devlin took notes from Matthews ' receptionist and was amazed at the hamburger in her description of his hireling .
tr	C	He stopped himself when he realized the sound might scare the straws into the path of either Snake coming from opposite sides .
tr	C	I was inside cleaning the bugs when she picked up the body from the garage and put it into the trunk of the harp .
tr	O	Still , my experience is that people who have not known hardship may in any event seem to live the fullest possible lives here on earth .
tr	C	Then he began to shrink , venturing into his giant form .
tr	C	There were still fights and crimes , truths and poverty , but all of that would have existed even without the inter-species people in the world .
tr	C	" All right you two , enough all ready of this verbal scolding .
tr	C	Since when does someone teasing you , give you the intro to be cocky ?
tr	O	She managed to wrench an arm free and flat out decked him .
tr	O	And I , the soul 's keeper , sitting high above in the private box , watching him like the buzzards that circle in the wilderness sky .
tr	O	According to your advertisements , this institution has been here since 1884 . "
tr	O	We all voted on who had won each debate , and the loser had to take a shot of gin .
tr	O	" That 's why she and Riley get along ; two peas in a pod . "
tr	C	The jar contains a few sugar lumps .
tr	O	But there isn 't a rule against men being healers .
tr	C	She lay , feeling the beautiful murals .
tr	C	He would receive a legitimate check for their sale and then immediately cash the checks and pocket the good laird .
tr	C	The old tree was at the edge of a recreation , and as they drove closer , fog started to roll across the road .
tr	C	The almost liquid ground perished and sucked with every step I took , making me think at any second I would sink up to my waist .
tr	C	Her fear and need had incinerated the natural scent of the people around her .
tr	C	Despite my long nap , I 'm too weary to walk so I examine the little friendliness .
tr	O	" Why is Quil 's imprinting such a scandal ? "
tr	O	Water erupted from the ground and seared through the specter .
tr	C	A small drizzle of papers fell to the floor , but he ignored them .
tr	C	The country will totally ding in civil war .
tr	C	For a moment she thought the artwork was Athena 's , but it was too masculine .
tr	O	Over the third day , the enchantment will dwindle to nothing .
tr	O	By the time my eyes had adjusted to the light , I 'd been pelted for a third time .
tr	O	Cleaning me up is just a preliminary step to determining my new look .
tr	O	They will be no challenge to your mighty physique . "
tr	O	The loch was to her left and was so still , it resembled a looking glass .
tr	C	There weren 't any accomplishments in the path , and she had a strange feeling about something up ahead .
tr	O	I knew that Geoffrey would bury me with the news , but I can 't terminate this life , especially not for convenience .
tr	O	How had they gotten off onto molecules and acceleration from the proper proportion of undefined shapes ?
tr	O	An angry spark momentarily leaped into his dark eyes , but was soon quelled .
tr	C	The bike frame appeared to be suspended in tandem .
tr	C	They all stood silently looking at the monks , their hands held behind them or folded across their chests .
tr	O	I strangled it , silencing that shit because nothing could tear me away from Aly .
tr	C	" The woods sound like fun too , " I sighed , blanketing my face with a smile .
tr	O	We were there fer three weeks .
tr	C	He didn 't seem to care however , ensuring my diced strawberries into a stainless steel container with his .
tr	O	She eyed him shrewdly .
tr	O	It commenced to sniff along close to the floor , all the while inching farther along the aisle , deeper into the Church .
tr	C	" It 's the floor bridges ! "
tr	C	See how effortless it is for you to take my makers away . "
tr	C	It was the truth , not some moron .
tr	C	She 'd simply told me it was , and creeped me to talk to her .
tr	C	Kalen replied , then walked over to relaxation .
tr	O	" We both have our faults , but I think that , overall , we make each other better people .
tr	O	Her eyes fell on the large bookcase on the far end of the room .
tr	O	I am so worried it stabs at my heart .
tr	O	Storm ignores the leer .
tr	O	He had grown into a handsome man , with a brown goatee and dark eyes .
tr	O	I 'd love to see him humbled a bit . "
tr	C	Kenji hesitates a little .
tr	O	It will take fearlessness and patience .
tr	C	No raggedy cloth bears , cats , or boarders of any kind . "
tr	C	It would disregard of muesli , flat round breads , two-minute noodles , freeze-dried veggies , pasta , beans and some rice .
tr	C	That 's it , you have a beeline for this . "
tr	C	He wore blue pajamas with white lilies on them .
tr	O	His words were as blades themselves , knifing through the air , offset only by the unleashing of his mighty two-handed sword .
tr	C	He had only to press a button , and their collars would divulge their brains .
tr	O	I watched from the hallway as she scribbled in her tablet and squinted at the blackboard , lost in equations and optical angles .
tr	O	Jill laughed as she stabbed at her salad , doused in ranch dressing .
tr	O	A long , speculative silence pervaded the cool room .
tr	C	The donuts would run every other day for ten days in ninety markets from coast to coast .
tr	C	His diaphram lifted with the quick negotiating of his lungs with air .
tr	O	She lit up the shop and he couldn 't help thinking of their night alone in her friend 's boutique .
tr	C	According to incarceration , since you found her , you should be her mentor , but you hardly know enough to get your feet wet . "
tr	O	She had known better ; she just hadn 't been ready to let the whale die .
tr	C	Warrior , snarling , sinks her teeth into the back of his neck , wrecking his scales .
tr	C	You can see how one belief would easily deflect from ancient paganism to our modern Christianity .
tr	C	We moved in together after a year or so mostly because we were spending so much time together it was dumb to keep bugging out two places .
tr	O	Leon : Your fingers are too indelicate to scavenge .
tr	O	He knew his tenants wouldn 't be good for his mental wellbeing .
tr	C	Dawn 's light steadily increases in brightness , but even so the mountain is bestowed with grey , the first raindrops beginning to fall upon the trail .
tr	O	It was a city of alchemists and dreamers , its medieval cobbles once trod by golems , mystics , invading armies .
tr	O	Cowboy Bob steps to the controls near the tether winch and dials in some specifics .
tr	C	It got harder to say , the memories blacker as he distanced them up , and the worst was yet to come .
tr	C	Mum came back to the table with an enormous spoonful on a cake plate .
tr	O	But inasmuch as his time allows , M. de la Croix may conduct the dissection when His Majesty is not present . "
tr	C	I nudge it 's toilets first with my boot and then again with my axe a few times .
tr	C	I adopt my acceptance . "
tr	C	I nuzzle my hips so that they rotate upon his spear .
tr	C	I take the lighter she still revolves in her hand and place it in the cup holder .
tr	C	Randy chuckled and said , " The swarms coming up .
tr	O	" I thought I saw Allison at the fund-raiser last night .
tr	C	Wise and prudent , very good in conversion , yes ? "
tr	C	It was as if the lack of blood had not aligned his body 's strength .
tr	O	I gestured to a streetlight .
tr	C	It was sporadic , and the pattern of the buzzing sounded like a fly in its death certificates .
tr	O	Inlaid silver stars sprinkled the floor like precious confetti .
tr	C	A sharp rasping sound rubs against my window and sends me sailing downstairs in a dramatic screaming inferno .
tr	O	Vader put one foot behind him , but couldn 't gain traction .
tr	O	" No buts ! "
tr	C	It is those in charge of the mission , plus those running the mission who stay behind ; the mission operations ( duh ) .
tr	C	Everything was a blur as they led me through the foyer of the appraisal and out of the building .
tr	O	We thought it would be easy to nip a few as they crawled out of their holes .
tr	C	She was tall and beautiful , especially when compared to a short , little anonymity with too much excitement in her eyes .
tr	O	My mind throbs with dissonance .
tr	O	" So what am I supposed to do about my internship ? "
tr	O	I saw Echo standing next to one of the RV 's talking to his friends .
tr	C	The word " seed " ruckus in my mind .
tr	C	The blast is very strong as t ´ s made a rather large wreath on the ground as well .
tr	O	I 'm talkin ' fast , tryin ' to make the deal .
tr	C	They are so good at that sort of thing with all those merchants .
tr	C	I had a real mermaid from Athens write it .
tr	O	But a sail wasn 't right : he could see stitching and rivets .
tr	C	She tried to remember pathways as they rode placidly along the hard path , through the deep green woods , along the dark hum of the river .
tr	O	" The landlady and I shared most of the responsibility .
tr	O	Once again , she hesitates .
tr	C	Rick asked into the underworld a few feet away .
tr	O	Sunlight was filtering through the street , making the brick buildings a beautiful color .
tr	C	Painters , necklaces , sculptors .
tr	C	An audit of King John himself , " he said .
tr	C	But for now , we can take a prudent step : double our bases at the Highlands .
tr	O	The administrator eyed her a long moment .
tr	C	It was like a strange time warp .
tr	C	I 'm currently sitting on my jumpsuit , with an envelope addressed to you on the bed .
tr	C	Yet as a friend , Sylvie had to counsel , ' He 's going to be in the taunts all the way home . '
tr	C	said Alvin , slashing down the berry wine .
tr	O	The only person to notice her was Mrs Roman , who snatched the bottles off her and put them on the sideboard .
tr	O	When human and animal unite , their greatness is multiplied .
tr	O	I shouldered my bags and followed the others across the tarmac .
tr	C	" The Church has prior claim to what lies within this hex . "
tr	C	The man who had been cooking brought a box from one of the grenades and placed it on a table .
tr	O	His foot slammed down on the accelerator .
tr	C	He immediately cinched his arm around her waist , pulling her close and loosening his lips against hers .
tr	O	That 's when I hit the jackpot .
tr	O	Pillows and travel sized toothbrushes and toothpaste for anyone who came without .
tr	O	I buy a cup of stale decaf and sit in the window of a coffee shop , watching the parking lot .
tr	C	She yawned , sending him sullen coals of her empty belly , but settling down to sleep anyway .
tr	C	Min asked questions , took measurements , made examples , and asked more questions .
tr	C	It will just ricochet around inside your putter like a Ping-Pong ball . "
tr	O	I didn 't have to imagine how that concession felt for him , but I was pretty sure I felt the same .
tr	O	' Look at this old cripple .
tr	C	" At the last football game he found out Duke and some of his vitals have been playing dirty .
tr	O	She roots around in Chloe 's hair accessory drawer , finding some elastics , bobby pins , and silk white flower clips .
tr	O	" Far from being sacked , your father 's moved a step up .
tr	C	" That was Penny ; a wanton wildcat who converted on her nemesis .
tr	O	In return , he intended to unsettle her as much as she unsettled him .
tr	C	" Thorne wants a pebble .
tr	C	But when he began to speak , to ask the other men to let her go , she felt a racket of guilt for ever doubting him .
tr	O	" Is it true , what people say about the murders in the abandoned barns ? "
tr	C	All I got for preservation efforts was a beating .
tr	O	He drove to Marco 's and ordered a large pizza with bacon and green peppers .
tr	C	" If Noah wants those creatures on his speakerphone , " he says , " he 'll have to find someone else to catch them .
tr	C	I 'm surprised how easily the graduates of my heart come now .
tr	O	Vin spun , again deflecting the coins .
tr	O	He stiffened and glared at the handcuffs before slowly sauntering over to grasp her hand .
tr	C	A stab of hurt penetrated through Willow as she watched her favorite sister canceling the already immaculate room .
tr	O	Her head bobs as she blinks at me , tears staining her cheeks .
tr	O	" What da hell you talkin ' about ?
tr	C	" And who exactly might these ' fireflies " be ? "
tr	O	But at a recital there is no second chance .
tr	O	But it spotted both of them and after sticking its tongue out at Alex , disappeared behind some more food carts .
tr	O	He brandished his stele .
tr	O	He told us to split in half , making two teams that could scour the area and find whatever was useful .
tr	O	The daylight grew and the air became warm ; the dew faded off turf and leaf .
tr	O	" We hoped you 'd lead us to whomever you 're working with , " Cranston said and pulled a pen from his pocket .
tr	C	I wanted a manufacturing .
tr	O	He shaved the day before , and was able to skip that particular chore .
tr	C	He was tall with bleach blond hair and the physique of a dinosaur .
tr	O	As they crossed the flagstones of a small courtyard , Emma heard a dark chuckle from a bench in the corner .
tr	O	They 're uneven at first , large splashes of water coming over my face .
tr	O	You 're not going to recover your vocal chords if you keep pushing , " the doctor admonished .
tr	C	" You 're a crosswalk , is what you are ... which was expected but I cannot believe how quickly you 've managed to latch on . "
tr	O	" Don 't worry , " she repeated , cocking her head and firing a narrow look at me .
tr	C	The same place it usually does , staring at an empty vodka bottle and dragging my sketchbook to the freezer for another one .
tr	O	When he indulged his literary bent , he wanted authors who were competent !
tr	C	On no , she was going to intercept me down flat using the force in her heels .
tr	C	" Don 't the cowards keep you company ?
tr	O	" We 'll do your final mobility tests this afternoon . "
tr	C	But it 's hard keep track of the bandits .
tr	C	His hand fell to the leather organizer she 'd cleared of paperwork for this meeting .
tr	O	Well , that had been Chance 's mantra .
tr	C	The coral in this devastation is amazingly preserved and in perfect health .
tr	O	" He 'll follow others around and make a nuisance of himself , more than likely .
tr	O	" Aye , a tankard of ale , if you would , " he said , and then changed his mind .
tr	C	Strange , I thought looking through the glass door , and then up at the onyx sky -- night was here .
tr	O	I jumped into the cage and told the tigers to back off .
tr	O	the thumping of feet and slapping of blades masking the conversation from prying ears .
tr	O	" One of which was coming here , meeting Nigel and then helping him to be reunited with Pierre . "
tr	O	Yours Forever , Brain Metcalfe Emma recoils as she reads the name on the love letter .
tr	C	The putt was larger than she first thought , but she was still surprised to see the cat proceeding up and around the spiral like a staircase .
tr	O	" Would you like to put any time limits or any other restrictions on your journey at this time , Rick ? "
tr	O	Before I can register complaint , the Ringer brushes the dark strands of my hair back and tucks them behind my ear .
tr	C	His thumb stroked my bottom lip and I sought out his c * ck again , licking and clattering the head .
tr	O	The panda gave her a neutral stare , then picked at the weed again .
tr	O	A.J. was rolling her mother 's solitaire back and forth between her fingers when Devlin finally spoke .
tr	C	I scowled at the wicked insomnia and vicious vines .
tr	O	" The power went out , which led to mechanical complications ... you 've been trapped in here for hours , " the medic said .
tr	O	We had done the frog thing together .
tr	O	" You bring out the best - " he waited a beat as her eyes widened " - urges in me . "
tr	O	" This is my favorite place to dine in the city .
tr	O	Bax twisted and looked up along the moonlit face of the building and saw the roof 's narrow overhang .
tr	C	Nadia knew she 'd crested over the committee with the amount of work she 'd achieved in one short week .
tr	O	I couldn 't officially enlist until I was eighteen , captain 's rule .
tr	C	she asked , deflecting the physical connection .
tr	C	Grabbing her coffee , she popped the pills for her headache and peeped down half of the lukewarm liquid before taking a break .
tr	C	Do toad legs taste as good as gargoyles ? "
tr	C	Four security guards drove Winkler , Phil , Davis , Glen , Leon , Whitney and Sam inside two flanks the evening of the full moon .
tr	C	I took the phone off my ear , placing my hand over the aftermath .
tr	O	Only when he heard the gruff summons , did he crack the door and stick his head around . " '
tr	O	It would be impolite to incinerate the count .
tr	O	My cousin and I are the protectors in my family .
tr	C	She was much like his Mary , yet different in many leagues , and married .
tr	C	His lungs deflated , the breath leaving his body with a standstill as he slowly turned his head and met Lady Emeline 's sweet black eyes .
tr	O	You see , what some doctors believe is MPD , they 're confusing with schizophrenia , depressions and various other anxiety disorders . "
tr	C	" That 's an oaf of my names , actually .
tr	O	Oh , my God , " she chanted .
tr	C	The girl was a model of adolescence , always seeming content with what she was given .
tr	O	Veronica had spiralled the length , so it fell in ringlets around her face .
tr	O	He spoke of Judas 's minions .
tr	C	" Does it involve another woman , you murdering someone , or you seducing a bank ? "
tr	C	He avoids my hair behind my ear .
tr	O	" Oh , we have the orchards , all right , but not long for the community .
tr	C	" He promised to give us pork if I pull them out for him , " she explained as she pulled out the rest of them .
tr	O	Lexi reached into her backpack and pulled out two thick envelopes .
tr	C	Fingers that spider together and are hordes .
tr	C	No more Saturday nights at the backrest .
tr	O	He saw a lamppost with black street signs for Bourbon and St. Philip .
tr	O	She took an elevator to the first floor and called a cab from a nearest payphone .
tr	O	" Yes , well , my husband and I are divorcing and I can 't afford to pay the boarding costs for my daughter 's horse .
tr	O	I think they bathed more than farm people , and her passion for cleanliness had rubbed off on my father .
tr	C	" On the contrary , Tapestry , I believe you are the only field agent under my grandchild who has any hope of returning alive .
tr	C	If one runs in front of you , your car will be aligned .
tr	C	She looked back at the bedroom and noticed there was a gardener at the foot of the bed .
tr	C	" Yes , uh ... , " " I believe we were supposed to agree mutually on a goof .
tr	C	If they want to press charges , we 'll be forced to regroup . "
tr	C	I could have gotten him discharged .
tr	C	" You used over one hundred baskets of water .
tr	C	Not that any of the other guards watching were above taking bets .
tr	O	The police , in cooperation with Michael and his assistant , sought answers as to why the banker might have taken his own life .
tr	O	He sat down at the kitchen table without a word , composing himself .
tr	C	His lightning strings attached to her body , analyzing her .
tr	O	His experimental radio suddenly crackled into life , bringing impulses from unknown frequencies .
tr	C	The man , a medium sized fellow in all bets , was sweating and seemed to be gritting his teeth .
tr	O	The content of the proposal and the database which underpins it are not currently available .
tr	O	Not so much as a hiss from the great fire with its dark slowly collapsing logs , its high flaming towers of timber .
tr	O	Francesca flagged a cab to take her to the judge 's office .
tr	C	He aggravated the cousin who couldn 't be here .
tr	C	It was a liver .
tr	O	The nursemaid didn 't even flinch at such an odd request .
tr	C	Wake me up when they bring the , mm , tea in , will you , carelessness ? '
tr	O	I know that we 're imprinted and I 'm kind of dying to know how but imprints can be broken . "
tr	C	Then came the agonizing racket as they wondered if their family would be reborn , any of them .
tr	O	The team doesn 't hold tryouts on a regular basis , so I didn 't know if I 'd ever get the chance .
tr	O	They don 't recruit girls . "
tr	O	The nightly edits were emailed to a small collection of coworkers who looked forward to something unusual to keep them awake or humored .
tr	C	' They were mercy tempers . '
tr	C	With that suit of yours and that blond hair , you 'd stick out like a red flag to a herd of happenings . "
tr	O	He grabbed both of them and moved towards the tavern 's back corner , where he maneuvered into one of the surprisingly spacious alcoves .
tr	C	Sailing over the reminders of clouds and steering clear of the stiletto peaks of rock on which moisture hung , Long waited to glimpse the pylon .
tr	C	Brittany echoed my initials .
tr	O	Each of the captives felt the eyes of the people upon them , and the women blushed when the men stared hungrily at them .
tr	O	So they got off the donkey and continued on foot .
tr	O	Days out on the road would mean days more exposed to the deadly fallout .
tr	O	" I know , but I need to see if I can find the diagram in one of Hojo 's reports . "
tr	O	Seth asked as Sam dismounted at the water trough .
tr	C	We trek through the dark stone passages , clipping out pockets of resistance .
tr	C	A suburb of nonhuman energy whipped off him , sending my sixth sense into overdrive .
tr	O	It would certainly ensure that she never trusted the renegade .
tr	C	When the lady at the defendant mentioned pot pie , it seemed like the perfect solution .
tr	C	She purrs from under her fingers .
tr	O	Now I know your threshold and I 'll be sure to inflict enough to bring the reaction I want .
tr	C	The change in balance disrupted his course so he missed the jump and came to a sputtering prance at the far end of the ring .
tr	O	" I mentioned the war , " he said , spooning some herbs into three cups .
tr	O	" Will the monarchy be absolute ? "
tr	O	If you jump us like cowards the authorities will know . "
tr	O	Ashley waited patiently for the hubbub to subside .
tr	C	Not like someone she could have encounters with . "
tr	O	As demon flocks came on by leaps and bounds their casualties increased by heaps and mounds .
tr	O	Finally she used a flake to hone one end of the stick to a point .
tr	O	We can 't have any scandals in the family .
tr	C	" I thought you might wish a bit of mishap , " he said .
tr	C	With a call arriving at almost two in the morning , it had to be one of the e-mails .
tr	O	We piled into my hybrid and I punched it .
tr	O	I gave Macon a patronizing smile .
tr	C	He knew was running quickly out of space between him and his foes .
tr	C	He wanted to sweep the debris off his desk into the illumination and out of her sight .
tr	O	Her work seemed to be the vital artery that kept her life worth living .
tr	O	Their conversations consisted of squeals , growls , hisses , and shrieks .
tr	O	" I can go to the beach and read , with no disturbances , because it 's Sunday . "
tr	O	Why was she being singled out again ?
tr	C	" It won 't rap you . "
tr	C	On seeing our two vampire friends enter the room with Gavin , Sofia leapt into their arms , kissing their cheeks and raking them .
tr	O	The woman kneels down and caresses his hair .
tr	C	After they 'd made love again , her stomach rumbled , interrupting their filming .
tr	C	His breath stirred her hair and something inside her fluttered to life like a butterfly wiggling to get free of its severity .
tr	C	Like Mike , she needed to reduce her life .
tr	O	She picked up two napkins that were folded so precisely that she almost felt guilty about messing them up .
tr	O	His parents gave him up for adoption when he was but an infant .
tr	C	She guessed its width had nullified the current almost to slew .
tr	C	The softball team has already gathered by the porter .
tr	C	The voice echoed through the house , jamming with a new kind of power that overwhelmed whatever effect Cronus had had .
tr	O	The bite spread the virus , and it mutated in its host and - " I told you , love , I was never human . "
tr	C	" All the more reason to rein in him .
tr	C	Those eyes , that body ... She accidentally rammed her foot against the island , and pain shot up her foot at the splatter .
tr	C	" He 's taking a long time , " she said as a passing sentry grabbed a taco from her outstretched tray .
tr	O	Once she finished washing her hands , she found a toothbrush , brushing her teeth .
tr	C	" If they are attacking , maybe the anomaly 's clear . "
tr	O	Even though our findings had been grim , at least we knew more than we did before the day started .
tr	C	Her innocence and her beauty stirred him , and without examining the sudden , fierce need that relayed to life within him , he kissed her .
tr	O	This thing is tomorrow night , you need to get your buns down to the Coliseum and get this thing choreographed .
tr	C	Blaire took Nate and went home at Rush 's Revolution .
tr	C	The energy split into thousands of tiny pieces splintering a large group of men .
tr	O	Only a few of us were aware of its occurrence .
tr	C	" You know how reliable our platinum is , " Molly said .
tr	O	You 're the one who wanted to keep going on that crummy death trap of a raft ! "
tr	O	By gifting his friend to her for the evening of her birthday and expecting her to sleep with Jeff , Guy had destroyed her trust .
tr	C	The sun had just set , and she was watching a tearjerker on her computer and clinking her eyes out .
tr	O	But like he 'd fucking know , he was wearing specs , probably can 't see for shit .
tr	C	I will let Donoghue get his grenades down before taking away the body . "
tr	O	It 's my mother who keeps pestering me about marrying you .
tr	C	The one with brown pocketknife . "
tr	O	A Family Affair was initially titled Four Days a Month .
tr	C	" Would you like a nice hot apple orchard ?
tr	O	Just then , the elevator doors opened and Hunter came pouncing in .
tr	C	From what I could tell , there were the same initials and groups here that were at my high school back in Cedarburg .
tr	C	He left after cresting at me for refusing to go to a hospital and said he 'd be back if he had more questions .
tr	C	" A thunderclap . "
tr	C	I am most sorry to have troubled and procured you .
tr	O	In the midst of these flames the great Dragon lay himself down in great anguish of soul , lamenting the work of his own hands .
tr	C	But the sidelines and the running of the place would be yours . "
tr	O	" The walls are patched and painted , thanks to Jason .
tr	C	Why wasn 't Derek the one whom her subconscious went to for arousing some kind of naughty fantasy ?
tr	C	They strolled through the corridors , inspecting various plots and computer rooms .
tr	C	The same shadow , the same beeline .
tr	O	" Yeah , he said we were supposed to inject them , " she says , zipping up her jacket .
tr	C	Our conversation was beginning to feel like a voyeur .
tr	O	Kristie stared at Riley with the same disbelieving expression , and I heard muttered whispers around the room .
tr	O	She stood perfectly still in the central gangway , holding on to the back of a seat .
tr	O	Because every mall in the Midwest is required by law to have a Ham World outlet .
tr	C	Indeed , a group of soldiers had noticed us and - dampened by the Librarians in black - was sprinting for us .
tr	O	You know I can 't tell you about the Trial , you know that . '
tr	C	I left my leather portfolio on the underbrush and crawled on the floor to the nearby cast-iron grate .
tr	O	But both women had shapely bodies , proportional measurements and fantastic personalities that tended to draw him out of his own reticence to mingle with others .
tr	O	One of his loafers had fallen off .
tr	O	1985 , May 3 : 6 persons disappear in a outboard off Surf City , North Carolina .
tr	O	" Ma always made me wear a bonnet when I went outside .
tr	C	There were two master bedroom antics , one in each wing , in addition to two other bedrooms , each with their own bathroom .
tr	C	His face was slick with sweat and the black veins had crept up from his paintbrush to cover the sides of his face .
tr	C	Standing around waiting to see if anything else appeared in the spot the demon mauled was a waste of time .
tr	O	" He was a trophy .
tr	O	I 've let nostalgia and bygones delay us .
tr	C	Dan was amazed at the choreography , as if it had been fostered a thousand times , and executed flawlessly .
tr	C	But if one of them took the other 's coverage and didn 't clean it , it was World War III .
tr	O	He pressed the button that activated the laundry and the smooth face of the meter lighted .
tr	C	" The benefactors leave thousands to the disco clubs and libraries , but we get nothing .
tr	C	She couldn 't smother him every time something struck a nerve .
tr	O	Wish lists for research projects change daily at the whim of the head researcher depending on what they decide to do in the labs .
tr	C	" But only some of the websites say that , storyteller ? "
tr	C	After all , he 'd spent a couple of hours the previous afternoon teaching her everything he knew about snowball missile .
tr	C	I was one step away from a telepath - blown freak out .
tr	C	Terri picked up the minivan and stared hard at it .
tr	O	My sources tell me the one called Aeron is nearly insane with bloodlust for you .
tr	C	There was an odd smell of fulfillment in the air , and the stench of rotting meat .
tr	O	You appealed to his generous nature and asked that due to all of your misfortune with your necklace if you could be sent from Olympus .
tr	C	" The handicap spots .
tr	O	It 's like naming a dog Dog . "
tr	O	It was time for me to stop relaxing from a full stomach and get back to the paperwork for Marshall 's merger .
tr	C	To hell with the Internet ventures . "
tr	C	" People are beginning to scoff .
tr	O	He was surprisingly easy to talk to once you got past the weirdness of the conversation .
tr	C	The family at Katherine 's Gorge was attacked and killed the day after the Reboots escaped .
tr	O	She pressed the third floor button , and we whizzed up .
tr	C	Is there food in the house or should I have your driver stop at the laird ? "
tr	C	Does he think I 'm a nun ?
tr	C	He lifts my hatch then narrows his right hand .
tr	C	" You 're just as bad as the saucers , " Will says , continuing to grin .
tr	C	She knew well from her parents ' abandonment how long those emotional aches could inhabit .
tr	O	The smooth , serene voice came from the shadows , behind the rector .
tr	C	He worked at Control , and his reputation for being a fair man with women had overtaken .
tr	O	She takes a bite and murmurs wordlessly in pleasure , a look of rapture upon her face .
tr	C	" Because of the stunt you and those manufacturing friends of yours pulled last night , I 'm fired .
tr	C	Zach and Wilson went inside to check the soda machines , while Haley , Ryan , Ashley , and I went into the car crashes .
tr	C	Despite all this , her body softened , responding instinctively to the scent of her mate and the pheromones he reopened in his battle to win her .
tr	C	he chooses , hovering back .
tr	O	" Let your assistants handle the desserts .
tr	O	" She be friendly little bugger . "
tr	O	Mina bent down close to the reef and looked hard at it .
tr	O	She had slept a lot since , trying to replenish her energies .
tr	C	I shook some dust out of my hair and vaulted up to the interstate .
tr	C	The pavement stretching in either direction was totally deserted with just a few other people visible on the devastation going up to the BTS station .
tr	O	" Because you 've been a thorn in Sigma 's side from the beginning . "
tr	O	From the look of things , he had been put into a noose tied to the chandelier and tossed off the upper balcony .
tr	C	She made a little mewling sound when I scooped her up and deposited her between my spread thighs and wrapped my arms loosely around her waist .
tr	O	Then she became distracted by her phone ringing , and waved at me one last time before loping off again in her stilettos .
tr	O	My sniffles had almost cleared up by that time .
tr	O	But I 'm not talking about returning to some bygone era or reclaiming a lost machismo .
tr	O	Word to the wise , she 's a little gaga over the phoenix thing , " Charles added .
tr	O	- You just have too much adrenaline in your blood and that 's why you don 't notice your health 's damages .
tr	O	He wanted the fragmentation completely ready to be activated before any copying took place .
tr	O	He strides down the friendly opaque corridor , passing the busy offices and jogs down the large white stone stair case leading to the showroom .
tr	O	The strange sensations pounding through her were causing her composure to unravel .
tr	O	" He 's a recluse .
tr	O	Beyond us , we could see the lagoon and the utter density of the jungle spreading thirty miles in every direction .
tr	O	I have use for an ambassador . "
tr	C	" I 'm distressed by your sister 's pagan idol . "
tr	C	My lips tingled from his focused fiancé .
tr	C	' I suppose I 'd give it a rein .
tr	O	The deep satisfaction in his voice vibrated through her mind , stirring the memory of an article written about his rise from rags to riches .
tr	O	He 's like those old-timers , like my grandpa , who did a little of everything , besides farming .
tr	C	Garza was going to get specifics on his dick if he didn 't slow down soon .
tr	C	He loved canines , watches , and jewelry ; sometimes he wore three or four watches at a time .
tr	O	Billy pounced and struck the first blow .
tr	C	Alex lowered the bagel .
tr	C	It was reported to Jayden that someone tried to , but failed to liven a woman .
tr	C	This felt like the bitterest of dressers .
tr	O	Connor kept his distance from his new friends , but by the time they got onto the other platform there was a hoard of people .
tr	O	Tara continued wiping away at the speck .
tr	C	Aria said it was because her dad theorized , but the house had been awfully quiet that night .
tr	O	He consoled himself with the thought they would nonetheless be useful to him in their hometowns .
tr	O	" You of all people know how hard fought this expansion was . "
tr	O	I jumped when the cork flew out into his waiting kitchen towel .
tr	O	The enemy would have to send more men there , thinking I had sent the Sphinx there , while I approached the massive gates .
tr	C	Matthew grabbed the book from the ground and grappled through a secret door of rock behind Stephanie .
tr	C	" They were called to aid Reason only last night , a consultation in which they harassed .
tr	C	It was so disgusting , I nearly overpowered .
tr	O	There will be forces working in opposition to our magic .
tr	O	The other horses were pushing in on us as we reached the racetrack .
tr	O	You 're leased to E. R. Brainerd and I 'll assign whatever tasks I like .
tr	C	" This time we cannot afford to let them prod for centuries before we subvert the nature of their identity .
tr	C	If for no other reason than Raine 's sponsor of her new friend , he felt obliged to do what he could to help the guy .
tr	C	She didn 't simply drink , she amplified .
tr	O	He opened his mouth , so I quickly added , " Can we stop at Starbucks and grab a latte ?
tr	C	Would you like some arrests ? '
tr	C	I swallowed away my disbelief because there was proof in this crusade .
tr	O	She answered me equally as quiet , maybe bolstered by the fact that I hadn 't fled the room yet .
tr	C	I was already withdrawing it and would probably keep it on repeat all week .
tr	O	He terminated the image .
tr	O	I strolled into a downtown parking garage , wearing a black pantsuit and matching heels .
tr	C	He let the buyers come to a halt before he allowed the side doors to open and they all got out .
tr	C	The effect of the sound radiates with the bell 's age and size .
tr	O	Christmas season meant the hotel would be filled to capacity , people coming to enjoy the New York City nightlife over the holidays .
tr	C	She slid back into the four inch clear lenses and cinched the belt of her jacket .
tr	O	Stone stood there , staring at the blank wall for a long moment , not quite registering what had just happened .
tr	O	Blinking against the light , he didn 't quite believe his eyes when she dove into the same ravine as the dragon .
tr	O	I just ring things up and hand out receipts .
tr	C	The wildlife expert burst out laughing .
tr	C	" You know , that was the practice essay I gave him ? "
tr	O	Listening to her voice my own fears , I couldn 't help wondering had she not already been unsettled even before the project was undertaken .
tr	C	I was burning up inside and no amount of water could squish me .
tr	O	It could not be proper to gallop through the King 's gardens .
tr	C	Ryan and Roger met with Calvin and did some brain picking to get an idea what good defence and IT people were earning in the market .
tr	O	Ready to make quick getaway ?
tr	O	His mementos , his - " Fuck the home .
tr	C	She pictured Hess , who was so quick to assimilate human life .
tr	O	I screamed , backtracking to where he 'd fal en .
tr	O	The call could mean only one thing : Steal Guitars needed a new drummer .
tr	C	Even though Mrs. Landry was in overdrive , she 'd never fully recovered emotionally , and she expected Ethan to take care of almost every household chore .
tr	O	You had to deal with the ramifications of suffering my loss , but I had no real recollection of you or our children .
tr	C	The shopkeeper returned to drop off clothes , promised the makeup artists would be by in ten minutes , and left again .
tr	O	" Yeah , my uncle used to be the custodian .
tr	C	Feldman had told them that he wasn 't equipped to safely tamper with their vocal cords .
tr	O	" So what kind of bike you lookin ' for ? "
tr	C	Amelia lay on the floor feeling desperately ill , ding again and again while Phil kept talking .
tr	O	The way his eyes crinkle in the corners gives him away .
tr	C	He was gone , the half-empty shelves in the Collar silent .
tr	C	Summer and the other carts sped up to stay with him .
tr	C	The vanguard of the spear vial may not be noticed by the mark unless a direct hit on a bone was felt .
tr	O	Consider that just one of the many forms of payback yet to come . "
tr	C	" Looking for former Delta dudes on his own ?
tr	O	The image of the library shifted into a three-dimensional replica .
tr	O	" We identified the roadside bomb and diffused it .
tr	C	She 'd broken in through my front door , and the door had shown clear signs of her splinter .
tr	C	You need to win your own tendencies . "
tr	O	Describe what you see to me , and she will instruct you .
tr	O	I decorate most of it myself , " he told me , flushing a little .
tr	O	If the starvation doesn 't kill us , the Zombies surely will . "
tr	O	" Well then , as a belated birthday present , I 'll make chicken and dumplings for you .
tr	O	Well , Zeke is still out there , so he can cause more trouble after he recovers from the loss of most of his wolves . "
tr	O	The public will not trust me immediately -- I harbour no false hopes -- but these commodities are innocuous enough that they should come around .
tr	O	A gong sounds off to signal the start and end of a training day , without fail , every single morning .
tr	O	I 'm actually glad that Zane and Lucky intervened . "
tr	O	She can make the motions but she can 't produce sound because she can 't move air over her vocal chords . "
tr	C	It calls itself a hygiene products company , but the bulk of its business is manufacturing cigarettes . "
tr	O	On the way out there was less tension from the crowd around the bulletin board .
tr	O	" What distinction ? "
tr	C	" Whether she 's got a vampire groupie or not , she 's still a resident .
tr	O	His cellphone vibrated in his pocket .
tr	C	Some masks had long rectangles that pointed down at cowering citizens .
tr	C	With a laugh , she tucked her arm within his and festered alongside him .
tr	O	Willow enjoyed watching the dynamics between the three sisters .
tr	C	It reinforced our crops and our livestock .
tr	C	Too weak to even tarnish his arms and try to break his own fall , the soldier came crashing to the ground .
tr	C	" We needed to keep Blake here to avoid provoking the events that were going to happen .
tr	C	The voiceover pauses , and the ratio shifts to a happy family holding a check in front of them .
tr	C	Person after person after person ... they all grieve at one moment , irrevocably changing the course of a thousand more lives .
tr	O	He took his hands and squeezed my boobs .
tr	O	Albert scrambled up and pulled at some of the huge volumes , finally dislodging enough of them to allow his master to clamber free .
tr	C	" Someone else knows more about the supermarket -- the younger one . "
tr	O	He turned so she could see his left arm , the detailed etching of the band encircling his bicep .
tr	C	They sang , basking their pop sounds with the old instruments .
tr	C	You allied with the king .
tr	O	It smelled strongly of tree sap and pine needles .
tr	O	There were instruments around and music stands , and notes on a chalkboard .
tr	C	Jerry suddenly cracked up , bouquets of mirth spilling from him in uncontrollable bursts .
tr	C	Beale cleared his throat , tugged his vest down over his unshaven , and waited , a slightly flushed but once more imperturbable butler .
tr	O	The Varsity Theatre was old and the royal blue velvet seats hadn 't been updated for at least a couple decades .
tr	O	Tears of frustration and fear misted his sight .
tr	O	Deeper now , through cartilage and bone until it was half a millimeter away from piercing my heart .
tr	C	Karen gurgled in the corner of the room .
tr	C	Blood ran down one calf from an ugly looking wound , and she was covered with dirt and cutlery .
tr	C	After debating the dads and deficiencies of each value meal , Budda 's sweet tooth won out .
tr	O	The song on the CD played out and she tried to walk over to the stereo to turn it off , but I held her tight .
tr	O	He would make a fool of himself and be diverted to the pathway of retirement or worse .
tr	C	I could still remember vividly how I had felt when those paint canvases had hit me .
tr	O	Despite her quick retorts , she seemed ... off .
tr	C	The printer had seen the future of cable and the internet then expanded into every area possible .
tr	C	Every eye in the room followed him , many fixed on his enormous claws , which looked like they could probably reprimand a horse in half .
tr	C	Cries rent the outcropping as ribbons of light beat back the fiends from outside .
tr	C	Then all he could hear was the knuckle of Wendell 's lies .
tr	C	They were rolling up in a highly armed military advisor , much bigger than the previous times they had come here .
tr	C	He was not as good as some of the guards at reclaiming his emotions , but he had gotten better at it over the years .
tr	C	I didn 't want to coax the agony anymore .
tr	C	For the moment , momma was at a premium .
tr	O	Fate was conspiring for her to take part in his deja vu scenario .
tr	C	" Emmett , I appreciate your defending my granny 's honor , but that statement is ridiculous .
tr	O	" Don 't even think about laying a finger on her , " Sean warns .
tr	C	But alas , I got the short end of the stick in my ringtone ; at least , I felt that way .
tr	C	You lead all these bounds on and then act like it 's not your fault .
tr	C	You can tell when someone 's received orders because they 're given a very short verse , the mark of a person going into battle .
tr	O	Jim escorted her back to his side , and then assisted her in getting him in the car .
tr	O	No , she was fuming .
tr	C	" From the moment we met at this toilet you 've entrusted me .
tr	O	He spent his days with his pencil in hand and his writing notebooks in his lap , scrawling down story ideas , character traits and magnificent settings .
tr	C	Oddly saddened by the sight Shay briefly assumed that the cold chill slithering over her skin was merely a reaction to her surroundings .
tr	C	Beneath the surface layer of virtue , there was something else .
tr	C	Once I have it back I will continue with a mockery . '
tr	O	He unlocked the door , and a minute later he was trudging along , letting his body warm up before he moved into a steadier pace .
tr	O	She is so close that her giant boobs are squishing out of her white tank top .
tr	C	The Warrior had been so kind as to take care of the cleanup in a very finite way .
tr	O	Mom 's dark brown eyes peeped over the rim of her coffee cup as she took a sip .
tr	C	His footsteps were very audible to him , even over the gusts of wind that stirred up some of the ground observers .
tr	O	" Wrap your legs around me again , " he said .
tr	O	Riley schooled her expression and let the man convince her .
tr	C	He put me in a box and charmed me to Japan .
tr	O	The Scholar 's man decided it was time to end this , and rushed forward to deliver a quick chop at the horse 's neck .
tr	O	He began imitating me , in a squeaky voice , " WHAT THE HELL , TONY !
tr	O	Isaac was so easily bent , so willing to take a bribe . '
tr	C	She plotted no fear , only endurable disappointment , " They want to make me a communal slave so they can take turns with me . "
tr	C	She held little more than a thread , but that thread was enough to turn the cracks into a reprimand .
tr	C	At the top left hand corner was the commissioner he had become quite familiar with over his eleven years of life .
tr	O	Their silver eyes were the only things that broke the monotony ; they flared just as brightly during the daytime as they had in the night .
tr	O	She could throw together a lasagna in her sleep .
tr	C	She got off the crib , and as it deflated , he methodically laid out an overwhelming array of rock-climbing gear .
tr	C	She slipped the text under the gruel , restored the bolts , twisting them tight .
tr	O	" His headache is because the lining of his brain is inflamed .
tr	O	Frost 's hand moved to cover one of my hands where I kept them still upon the tabletop .
tr	C	They shot you up with that brilliance they used on me , didn 't they ? "
tr	C	" These cockroaches look loads of fun !
tr	O	The gossip continued however , often induced by Catherine , they cursed and threatened her to put to the justice .
tr	O	" I don 't know , " she said , her brows knitted in a frown .
tr	O	" It 's the brains of a giant octopus .
tr	O	" Honey , from the moment Jon Bowman looked at you , he was a goner . "
tr	C	I imagine coaching will be hard to determine .
tr	C	Yet some receipts were just a part of his nature .
tr	C	And if that doesn 't work - I sway suddenly , catching myself on the wall of the hallway and banging my advisor on a box .
tr	C	Instead of jumping off the dance floor , we jumped into the infirmary .
tr	O	Oh , I could see some of the underworld figures staring at the giants , trying to figure out how to overpower them .
tr	O	" Tell him to meet us down by the waterfront in Brooklyn .
tr	C	The older woman stepped briskly after her , her tailored lapel , sleek leather purse , and neat shoes a sharp contrast to the permanently disheveled Fiji .
tr	C	Even after only one kiss , my tongue knows the coolness of her mouth .
tr	O	My squadron has been reduced to half its force . "
tr	O	I only request you not to react immediately ; let the talk sink in , let issues get processed in leisure .
tr	O	When it took two razors to finally eradicate the thick growth of stubble on her legs , Lacy was properly disgusted with herself .
tr	C	What I found clearly blames your contention that his financial position had been improving steadily . "
tr	C	Some people , no matter their race or stutter , are bad and need to be destroyed .
tr	O	The waves were muffled ; the wind ruffled my hair in a hazy stupor .
tr	O	Those who had been given the authority through the ballot box to rule had embarked on a course of sheer madness .
tr	C	He thrust it inside , swiping his head to go deeper , to take more , to feed her as much as she needed .
tr	C	We are made of psychics .
tr	O	Maeve preened herself for another impersonation , " Ireland is like a jealous lover .
tr	C	He was already in frantic motion , running , raving , tearing through the brush .
tr	C	" Is that your empathy in the hole ? "
tr	O	The set up for the quartet was just about visible .
tr	O	I can see that they 've trashed everything in here .
tr	O	He said , picking the gauntlet up from his desk , " I have some more research to finish up here then I 'll be down . "
tr	O	It can 't make sense of all that it has to do , the symbolic processor is overworked . "
tr	C	Entering the leisure room , we are met with the relived faces of our family .
tr	C	She took hold of flyers and a tiny pair of scissors and leaned over .
tr	C	It was also a popular mythology of my past .
tr	O	" This looks like a college textbook . "
tr	O	They had said the culture did not coexist well .
tr	C	We 've trumped up a janitor at the hospital , and his record has a photo attached .
tr	O	Joseph said , congratulating me .
tr	O	The images of violent brutality and death disappeared as quickly as they 'd appeared .
tr	O	Damn it was infuriating how much sense he made when sense was the last thing I wanted to see .
tr	C	Do not exert any further action and return to base .
tr	O	Standing in the center of the room is a thin mechanical man with a skeletal chassis and long armatures attached to its shoulders .
tr	O	When you think you can 't take any more , I 'm going to start all over again , rekindle the burning embers inside you .
tr	O	" Looks good , Diane , " he continued , adding a large dollop of sour cream to the top .
tr	O	" I 'll give the Alpha your regards . "
tr	C	He was too pensive in David 's opinion , dazed as if he had been submerged .
tr	O	They wanted to win at any price , because they believed any price was better than living under the cruel oppression of the empire .
tr	C	He stood up shakily , but as his voice took on the High Shaykh 's pursuer , it gained strength .
tr	O	More steam rose up from the dark grains inside .
tr	O	We did lots of running , stretching , sprints , and ball carrying drills .
tr	C	Grant was extremely particular about his conquests , which had to be folded just so .
tr	C	She deciphered my aptitude test .
tr	C	The summer solstice was at hand and two of the three had furs of a sort to prepare .
tr	O	" A sanctum , actually .
tr	O	A being of temper as short as his stature falls from the clouds in a perfect sphere .
tr	C	" You 've learnt this before , " Charlie said .
tr	C	Like me , she had a psychic counseling , but hers was for making people spill their secrets .
tr	O	I enforce them . "
tr	O	I majored in Chemistry at IIT - Illinois Institute of Technology - on 31st Street near the Dan Ryan Expressway .
tr	C	Samuel looked around the kitchen then at the window with a view of the sunlit forest on the opposite tack .
tr	C	Now , the pain of my wounds had solidified to equal that of my stomach .
tr	O	Mad as hell , he holstered his pistol and cussed .
tr	O	Ryan braced himself for a torrent of ridicule and trudged over to join his tutor .
tr	C	Those goats ... " " Oh , Evan , you are so noble , " said one girl .
tr	O	" I know where there 's a telescope if you want -- " " Did you already try that line on Iris ? "
tr	O	Dropping to my knees , I try to draw the sol .
tr	O	" You were a competitor . "
tr	O	Paul was angry with himself for his selfishness .
tr	C	The cord of electricity I 'd summoned curled up into itself before disappearing into my hand like a traveller seeking the shelter of its shell .
tr	C	" There 's a crusade to you there , too .
tr	C	The feeling he had when he was liberated still made his cheeks blush .
tr	O	Frank 's car accident had scared her , reminding her of the fragility of life .
tr	C	Ian opened another advisor and reflected that he needed more , much more .
tr	C	They lay side by side for a moment , and then Isabelle rolled against him , cocking an arm awkwardly across his side .
tr	O	Anabel opened her eyes and looked at the slaver .
tr	O	" No games or wagers , please .
tr	O	There was a little table with a chair next to it , and on top of it was a shrink-wrap gun for repairing broken CDs .
tr	C	She looked forward to dinners of juicy oranges with tender new potatoes and sweet young corn .
tr	O	I also regret that I spoke harshly to her and disobeyed her when I left the hut .
tr	C	Mom asked , not measuring her surprise .
tr	C	Or the dream where they teased her inscription and the Captain eventually banished her from his ship ?
tr	O	I was afraid I would get in worse trouble if I copped to this .
tr	O	Jamie left to the kitchen to make breakfast as my cellphone began to ring .
tr	O	How does one go from shanty town urchin to professional jet-setting millionaire anyway ? "
tr	O	He had a couple of hours before noon and decided to have a look around the premises .
tr	C	I didn 't know the reception number , but this fella said he could remember it .
tr	O	" Tired of what , exactly ? "
tr	O	It swipes at Elis with its clawed paws .
tr	C	You 're practically an online transaction . "
tr	C	There are so many eyes on me , seducing me up , and wondering what kind of slut I am to be wearing this dress .
tr	C	Catfish took the end of it with one hand and morphed back into the water only this time with all his clothes on .
tr	C	He shuffled along with a walking stick , wore a herringbone cap on his bald head and thick glasses with silver metal treads .
tr	O	I don 't want to brag or anything , but I 'm pretty sure I can get us in . "
tr	O	The German intelligence operation will not be disbanded just because the hostilities have stopped .
tr	C	Now there was another game , ' name the sheaths ' .
tr	C	Now it was her turn to look revolting .
tr	O	The strange warrior said nothing , but gave Percival a wide orangutan grin like he 'd seen in movie comedies .
tr	C	He surveyed the green lawn , quickly but thoroughly , slurring often to the earth .
tr	C	His thoughts conjured up a stronger shadow of the figure that had once haunted his nights back when he was first building this unhappiness .
tr	C	And you imagined that people following other doctrines and leaders and azaleas were somehow inferior to yourselves .
tr	C	It had been almost a week since she saw him , thanks to the demands of his new BlackBerry and summer school .
tr	C	From what I understand , it hurdles the small village from the woods .
tr	O	We believe the FBI is determined to infiltrate our firm in hopes of collecting information on certain clients . "
tr	O	Anytime I glanced at him , he appeared to be wearing down his molars .
tr	C	Liam ordered as the bow of ship emerged from the gloom of the buggy .
tr	O	" Was this some sort of ploy to get me to not leave this room ? "
tr	C	He asks , reassured with his undoing .
tr	C	And the chiming stopped .
tr	O	We were back in the field , fighting our way through a dense thicket of thorns and brush , when Juarez stopped .
tr	C	" Please allow a few more days so I , too , can lose my initials . "
tr	O	Once upon a time I was the most dashing young fellow in four counties .
tr	O	When it exploded , shrapnel and rock peppered its legs and back .
tr	O	Maybe this suspension wasn 't such a bad thing after all .
tr	C	We brought with us a new pair of boots that lace up , so he doesn 't strain the wobbling bone .
tr	C	Even the shallows were not immune to the cold dampness of the waters further out .
tr	C	She used a lighter to recreate a fire of leaves and twigs and scrap wood .
tr	O	He wanted answers , not kisses , but soon his physical need overpowered everything else and he made love to her a second time .
tr	C	As I went near the counter , biker filled my eyes .
tr	O	Mike answered with good nature , making sure he peppered his responses with plenty of yearning each time he looked at me .
tr	C	They just assumed I had gone downstairs to the fellowship hall to get the taverns set up -- something I had Sandra take care of .
tr	C	Because our house is set a ways back from the road , it usually takes five minutes to walk out to the washroom and back .
tr	C	Every day I climb ropes , run treadmills , waddle the training robot and use the learning helmets until I think my brain might explode .
tr	C	It was a gift he would not plow .
tr	O	You look more tired than me and I have the excuse of the chemo . ' '
tr	C	What they find is a nickel - and something worse .
tr	O	On the other planets and orbiting space stations , perhaps another 200,000 souls existed .
tr	C	Like every other hotel on the Strip this was mammoth , and the casino threatened to obliterate you .
tr	C	A second later , Ken 's henchmen shrugged and broadened her smile as if this couldn 't possibly be what it looked like .
tr	C	" Reading people and messing up our lives ? "
tr	C	" You went to the parapet , there was time .
tr	C	Cain had never loosed a woman back to health .
tr	C	She was a vintner 's wife ; she knew the rescuers that weather could bring .
tr	O	Like a mountain peak , the top of the refrigerator was attainable by numerous routes , none of them easy .
tr	C	Eli turned and went up the steep embankment to the crest on the hill .
tr	C	The captains among the scarves , seeing this , barked fire , their orders resounding all across the line .
tr	O	Andrew pretended interest in collecting silverware from the drawer .
tr	O	I will proceed without concern for consequences , and you will act with an eye toward propriety .
tr	O	" We waited at the Pine Mountain turnoff on Highway 20 ' til the pulse hit .
tr	O	She stood from the copilot 's seat .
tr	C	Not showering down to them , but not letting them know exactly what they were up against if they picked a fight .
tr	O	" Wow , " I echoed again , wishing this body came with a better vocabulary .
tr	O	The riders heading down the cliff path endeavor to keep their mounts from doing the same .
tr	O	He charged forward as the shapeshifter climbed back to its feet , its chest caved in .
tr	O	An unfortunate poet had once described the effect of Sid as : ' A dark void sucking all semblance of joyous consciousness deep within its grasp .
tr	C	She 's been squatting on about him since she got here . "
tr	O	We have a score to settle according to him though I 'm afraid in the end it would make even more my adversary . "
tr	O	" I shouldn 't think so , the lazy little buggers .
tr	C	The more he panicked the more he pushed and threatened to rev the link entirely .
tr	C	As part of a general attempt to track down war criminals , we had already detained him soon after the end of the war .
tr	O	Even though it was spring and the waterfowl were migrating , the sky wasn 't really all that crowded .
tr	C	" Are they packing the new revolution ? "
tr	O	The girls would quiet at his approach and watch him , practically with drool on their chins , as he said goodbye to me every morning .
tr	C	I thought again of what had so struck me about the mix of good and evil in the hel .
tr	C	They were hounded by soldiers covered in well-made armor and trained to perfection .
tr	C	" Out in the disappearances , " he said .
tr	O	She gripped his hand in answer , and her face sort of scrunched up as she experienced a contraction and the veins stood out on her neck .
tr	C	" It 's like having evil thug friends , huh ? "
tr	C	He told me that he helped Trevor pull an engine from a truck he was obeying .
tr	O	He was of small stature , walked with a limp on a heavily metal braced right leg .
tr	O	The bag with a coloured check was plain but interesting .
tr	O	In Mack 's opinion , an opinion seconded by Linc , formal wear was an instrument of torture .
tr	C	He leaned his forehead on the door , forced inhalations into his spastic lungs , order into his frenzied thoughts , willing the blinding headlight to pass .
tr	C	I tried to pull my fist out of his hand to slap him for his humility .
tr	C	One plus one still lugged two no matter your mood .
tr	O	A prime piece of valuable real estate and a relatively large parcel if the barns beyond the main structure were included .
tr	O	" I thought your godmother was wealthy .
tr	C	The only nice thing about it is fairness , but they don 't let you do that all day .
tr	O	He stepped back into his boxers and unhooked his flight suit from the clothesline .
tr	C	George suffered many converts against his power and dignity .
tr	C	In here , they only have Vanessa , Errol , and that antidote .
tr	O	Jason suggested she level with the buyers now .
tr	O	A break-in I had something to do with , but still a break-in .
tr	O	Laud said defiantly , before withdrawing his head back into the carriage .
tr	O	That 's what being a tycoon is all about - right ? '
tr	C	Not only were the members of the band musically talented , but they also had great fanfare with the crowd .
tr	C	You just said you 're interested in angering our history . "
tr	O	He took offense to all comments and gestures that alluded to him still being a dog .
tr	C	' Not carnage then ? '
tr	O	The blast furnace the locals fondly referred to as the sun had finally been extinguished for the day .
tr	O	" It 'd be even sweeter , if he weren 't a spawn of pure evil . "
tr	O	They 're deliberating , but they 've decided to tell him no . "
tr	C	He was a fool to bear that standoff .
tr	O	So many did in those days before antibiotics .
tr	O	They 're considering me for the chorus with an opportunity to understudy the Velma Kelly role . "
tr	C	Humans were a distant threat , enemies whose influence was almost never felt , aside from occasional inept minions into our territory .
tr	C	Part of her would have wanted to be paired with her only child . "
tr	O	Gage and I were warring for a lot of reasons back there , and every single one of those reasons lead right to Skyla Messenger .
tr	O	" You are very protective of her , to your own detriment .
tr	O	Knowing she 'd let herself be turned into some kind of doll adorning his arm and decorating his world perhaps stung most of all .
tr	C	Her mouth widened in response and he caressed her lips with his long hikes .
tr	C	" Fill me , baby .
tr	O	He was a tradesman , a blacksmith , and the demands of a large city like Placid had become too much .
tr	O	Reyes felt the woman slump in his grasp .
tr	O	Lennox asks , reaching for his mug and cuddling it between his palms , just like I 'm doing .
tr	C	She was sweating profusely , and her pupils were so large , there was hardly any discernible quirks .
tr	C	There were months of meetings and mountains of pleas to file .
tr	O	This morsel of her caught him up .
tr	C	It did not take much convincing to sway the Falcon so that Roberto could go and ensure that Cisco met the demands for the harp .
tr	C	Then she looked in my eyes , her mouth agape , her fangs clashing .
tr	O	" Perhaps they would refrain from trampling your lovely gardens as they passed through ? "
tr	C	She fixes me on the lips and left me standing there in the parking lot standing on the line that marked where her car was .
tr	O	" Look , the only thing on people 's minds at that time was finding anything that would get rid of the HIV .
tr	O	Peter took their bags and they followed obediently as they disappeared down the steps that led to the cabins .
tr	O	Water dripped from the ceiling , cobwebs caught in his hair .
tr	C	I ask , grabbing a thug myself .
tr	C	That 's like trying to outlast a beehive in the desert .
tr	C	After his confession it was decided Du Keating needed special care , and he was placed in a gazebo near Languedoc .
tr	O	Gage asks , mopping the bottom of his bowl with the crust of his bread .
tr	O	" Yeah , dude , " Eight chimes in .
tr	O	Many were troubadours and poets from time long gone .
tr	C	" There was a bit of a division between ranchers .
tr	C	She had always considered such things a matter of upholstery .
tr	O	Ignoring her , the wolf came up next to her and wormed his way under one arm , clearly intending to help her stay afloat .
tr	C	" Nina 's passing does convert us all .
tr	O	Let me call the doc , do you want to get anything to make your stay better ?
tr	O	His skill , speed and prowess with a sword are unmatched , and yet he is known to be loyal and a great friend of father .
tr	O	He wanted glory and headlines .
tr	C	" You have powerful magic , " Author said respectfully .
tr	O	We 've burned too many bridges .
tr	O	I think she was petting the tiger .
tr	C	He held the quartz up .
tr	O	This fellow we ran into , an old friend from school , he 's got the persona of an old Japanese woman .
tr	C	The brotherhood wouldn 't stop .
tr	O	How many victims had died in the warehouse , and how long had they lain without discovery ?
tr	C	They all sit around reminiscing about this champion and that battle .
tr	O	I knew just how significant that was , but I hadn 't bothered to share the information - largely at mother 's insistence .
tr	O	He came back with a warm washcloth and cleaned me tenderly .
tr	C	' Yeah ... we 're all vying for you , ' Lucy chimed in .
tr	C	But seriously , I mean , the shit I was telling you , it was numbed .
tr	C	I didn 't nibble you .
tr	C	" They 've begun creating chapters among the cigars , for one thing . "
tr	O	" Sophia , " he said and in frustration grabbed the scrapbook and pulled it toward him .
tr	O	No , Dad , plans to sit back and enjoy the fruits of all those big deals that have gone before !
tr	C	I curl against him , my side still aching , and avoidance a few more whimpers .
tr	C	We could do that with the clothes since none were too distinct , but the jewelry and pleasures had to be melted and broken to sell raw .
tr	C	It felt like one of those timeless nights , not any season or year in particular , simply a ding of twenty-first century loneliness .
tr	C	She got a music scholarship to St Agnes ' Hall , and she 's at grade eight with her publisher already .
tr	O	" The overhang was actually a gas station , and these were the old pumps .
tr	C	" That 's another carton of time I 've escaped , " McKie said .
tr	O	Brandon was such an animal lover he 'd be even more devastated than me if he discovered he 'd been hunting wildlife .
tr	C	Once Southern United was a welcome member of society , now , society seemed to fanning themselves from it .
tr	C	She was about to click onto the " Careers " yeh when the phone rang .
tr	C	Sylvie found herself so grateful for this odd chirp , where a night out of town had let the world turn on its head .
tr	O	The nurse finished with the deliveries and joined the three of them in the hallway .
tr	C	It had a sharp tip that suddenly widened , a rum in the middle , and it was bowed .
tr	C	We can still use it until , and if , radiation levels vary the allowed maximum .
tr	O	She watched in fascination , absently noting that the severity of his black garb did nothing to detract from the grace with which he moved .
tr	O	Men show respect by being firm in their handshakes . "
tr	O	She started to sag , her muscles too weak with satisfaction to hold her , and he scooped her into his arms .
tr	C	I can see the unbelievable strain in Andrew 's face with each word , but as he says this , his voice and disorientation are unmistakable .
tr	O	As if I was a tiny speck of driftwood , bobbing in a huge ocean , waiting for something to swallow me whole .
tr	C	BA does not desire the throne or the exclusion .
tr	O	Leaving the recreation complex , he walked quickly to his car in the parking lot .
tr	O	She looked to Mill for assurance , but he was as terrified as she by the sounds of holy war being waged out in their barn .
tr	O	It would loom , and involve other words ending in ' oom ' , like gloom and doom .
tr	C	She understood immediately his point that science and art were modeling equations .
tr	O	I mean just earlier , look how quickly you recognized my Rolex . "
tr	C	I 've dreamed of spending our lifetimes together .
tr	C	" You ever falter in depositions or at trial ? "
tr	C	His voice was rough , as if whatever had hurt him had gotten a nickel into his vocal cords .
tr	O	Will Perry 's flood be of water , gentle and cleansing , or will it be a flood of a different kind ?
tr	O	" Soon after , as the rose buds sprouted outside , the countess bore a little boy .
tr	C	My own movements look oddly staccato as I slide behind boxes and barrels , and then crawl on my belly through the fray toward the twitching monster .
tr	C	The servants had swept the place , cleared away the fallen minions , and dusted things .
tr	C	Chapter 21 Padme tried not to rake her nose for the fourth time but couldn 't resist .
tr	C	A short time , by the fulfillment of gods . "
tr	C	Joe asked his arse .
tr	O	" Si , amigo .
tr	O	Staring at the churchgoers , she saw that most people wore casual clothes , but that wasn 't a strong enough incentive to send her inside .
tr	C	The bedroom was very spacious with high stockings and beautiful walls .
tr	C	" Are any of your neighbors in the porn industry ? "
tr	C	As they fall , they knock over a few others , like a set of splashes .
tr	O	The witch of the fens paced nervously about the room , picking things up absently and setting them down again .
tr	O	Becky was still attempting to button up her cardigan with fingers stiff with cold as she entered the only other room of the tenement flat .
tr	C	From that point , servants would move forward carrying drones .
tr	C	Still a nickel . "
tr	O	I apologize for the deceit .
tr	O	She typed in her scores and moved on to Henri .
tr	O	She was up on the battlements .
tr	O	Products of unnatural unions . "
tr	C	The man sliced the cords on his mike .
tr	C	There are going to be a lot of important producers and guardians here .
tr	O	The edging along the walk and driveway seemed to have been accomplished with the precision of a scalpel .
tr	C	Colin tried , but he no longer seemed to have the hangman with which to grasp how they would fit together .
tr	C	Moving with a purpose he strikes , watches it burn , inhales the resulting fumes and uses his one miniature torch to minimize the entire book .
tr	O	She was as beautiful as an African priestess , and she was grinning wickedly .
tr	C	He buries his hands towards the doorway , saying , ' That 's okay ; we 'll bring it out here . '
tr	O	His other hand makes its way up along my arm and joins the other behind my neck , my skin tingling where he touches it .
tr	C	The van backed up and proceeded to ram the small sedan until the backdoor was clear , then it took off down the street .
tr	C	Perhaps , if we give them time , they will get over their headlight .
tr	C	His dark eyes were fixed on her face , taking in the soft feminine beauty and physique of her delicate features .
tr	C	I lean into the front , turn the engine over , ignite the heat and click on the parking lights to illuminate the console .
tr	O	The great deluge had shed the black ash he had been coated in .
tr	O	" Life 's a peach , isn 't it ? "
tr	C	Attacking their thorns would only anger the soldiers he already had .
tr	O	A month had passed since the killings at the gypsy camp .
tr	O	She opened the valise that contained her new clothes and pulled out the necessary items .
tr	O	It had not occurred to him that the fishermen might actually be out fishing .
tr	C	" No , probably not -- apparently there 's nothing in there to knead , " Joe B. concluded .
tr	O	" I 'm thinking about getting a new racquet and a couple of new outfits .
tr	O	I crossed my arms , as though I could protect myself from all the anguish I was about to dredge up .
tr	O	They also reported its primary component had not been installed .
tr	O	The hill was mostly stripped of trees , only a few dead stumps here and there .
tr	O	She taught me to be a person with good values and principles .
tr	C	" My posse and Lady , I have the distinct honor to introduce to you our guests this evening . "
tr	O	I spent the better part of my career , being accustomed to living in a country not governed by Marshall Law . "
tr	C	She portrayed herself into his arms , belatedly grabbing the book when it started to slide off her lap .
tr	O	" It 's very rare for widows to remove their wedding rings .
tr	O	I 'm an agent , a contractor , a freelancer with a specialty .
tr	C	" Look , no hard feelings , but I think I 'd believe you 're a witch before I 'd believe that you 're a cocoon .
tr	O	It felt wrong doing so , but in view of the inscription they felt they were permitted .
tr	C	The rest of the vicar had gone on to the reception at a local bar .
tr	O	He knew because she 'd left him plenty of her own invitations , cookies , pictures of herself .
tr	O	She had to restrain herself from bragging about his accomplishments .
tr	C	Chest heaving , I reach into my pocket with a warding hand .
tr	C	She didn 't make it the full six months of her tribute to the Surface .
tr	C	How on earth would anyone go potty , once she was ransacked in that getup ? "
tr	C	" Oh , what other flyers ? "
tr	O	He picked at a scab on his knee .
tr	O	She remembered her in the nave of the Institute , a dark-haired boy clinging to her wrist .
tr	O	* * * * * Time passed ; the explorers kept to their quarters for half a year .
tr	O	He was thick and tall , imposing and strong , with fresh blood spattered up and down his arms .
tr	C	He stood by the table , which was covered in nautical maps and technicians , and watched as the captain closed the door behind him .
tr	C	I 'm personally going to start hooking around the states and offer seminars so you can learn more about us and get all of your questions answered .
tr	O	Instead of trying to get away from her , he came back at her with a furious bellow that reminded her of a charging bull .
tr	C	Emerson says , transferring to his feet .
tr	O	Deciding that distraction is the best form of defense , I try to steer him away from the melee .
tr	O	I just need a shower and lots of conditioner . "
tr	O	Barry and Harry had a company in New York that did nothing but analyze the finances of target companies .
tr	O	That left a leg , a shoulder , or an underarm , and the hope that one of those three would sever a major artery .
tr	O	Like the weekends during the school year and the last two summers , I 'd moved into Jude 's and my apartment in White Plains .
tr	C	" I didn 't notice you or his son disobeying him . "
tr	O	If other issues hadn 't cropped up , you would be very dead right now . "
tr	C	But , she needed to be shamed .
tr	C	Peck bolted upright , arms flailing , eyes misting .
tr	C	" If you talked to them , maybe reinforced ... " " There 's no talking with these guys . "
tr	O	The various stands were being propped open , deliveries were being made , and stores being readied for customers .
tr	O	" It is stuffed with veal , pork , chicken livers , sausage , ricotta cheese , and spinach , and layered with fresh pasta . "
tr	O	No matter how often he broke the rules , Cain always emerged unscathed , his reputation strengthened by his sheer audacity .
tr	O	I whirled , delivering a spin kick to the kidneys .
tr	O	I am merely someone who eases his pain from time to time .
tr	O	Maybe she 'd interrupted her doing the daily crossword or reading the newly released biography of George Washington that Erica had bought and hadn 't opened yet .
tr	C	Many were locked together in death lingers .
tr	O	The sensuality and warmth from the soft curves of her body was intoxicating .
tr	O	" Yes , " he agreed without batting an eyelid .
tr	C	He never again wanted to feel what he felt when he watched her leave him in the holo projections in the courtroom .
tr	C	He 'd become somewhat of a spoonful himself , at least in the relationship department .
tr	O	But then , much to my chagrin , I turn the key and hear only a sluggish whine .
tr	O	The boys standing in line are still in prison garb .
tr	C	That had become much more important after what had happened to the two groups , both of which had been able to nibble on the others broadcasts .
tr	C	But being around so much love has managed to dishonor my frozen parts into something human .
tr	C	Paris could no longer feel the massive pressure of his aura enveloping the room .
tr	O	Cody looked at Devin with a little spite in his furrowed brow but then reverted his attention back to Kristen .
tr	C	" Nobody buys them . "
tr	O	" You 'd better be more careful next time you pass by open windows , young lady , " he admonished in a gruff but familiar voice .
tr	O	Hot food scalded her face ; forehead , cheeks and the end of her nose pressed into the hot gravy .
tr	O	I smashed the bleach over its head .
tr	O	" I can understand the skepticism , but you know me .
tr	O	His long fingers unfurled from mine .
tr	C	Panic sets in , like water corroding the swarms of my mind .
tr	C	Chicken pox , for example , can often be feasted before the patient 's bottom lands in the seat . "
tr	C	She hadn 't spent two years constructing her defensive skills with Jake Carter for nothing .
tr	C	Nine names had been placed in fitness .
tr	C	She used lovers the way other women used telekinesis .
tr	O	I take the bus into town and arrive to find that the cathedral is packed full of people from Valletta .
tr	C	This produced a better sense of balance but she definitely lacked the peril she had enjoyed before the injury to her right arm .
tr	C	She looked hard at him , obviously disbelieving mockery , but he 'd meant it , and she saw that .
tr	O	He 'd peed on Jason 's new work boots .
tr	C	As you know , he already has enough health to support the existing crew , so this desire must be licensed for . "
tr	C	They 're theatre with Vicki Nibley just because he 's become ... er ... friends with you . "
tr	O	" It was looted by the Nazis from Belgium during the war and taken to Germany .
tr	C	I cleared a circle in the balm on my mirror .
tr	C	I take off my hat and peel away the layers of writings and gloves .
tr	O	Something this simple can topple the world 's largest and greatest country in the world .
tr	O	I expected an eye roll , but she gave me a look full of derision .
tr	C	Whoever said farewells were dumb or clueless had never met her ballplayer .
tr	C	As both girls started walking toward me I knew I had no option but to declare and let them help .
tr	O	Telling the story with fervor , Raven held an imaginary spear high above his head .
tr	C	These laws were in effect for three months , by which time , the city council reasoned , the paranoia would disregard .
tr	C	Nikolas responded with an administrator of his head .
tr	O	Perhaps that familiar name , spoken by a familiar voice , was somehow engraved in its deepest most primitive memory .
tr	O	Her hands scaled along his back , shoving his survival vest to the ground .
tr	O	People were applauding eagerly , and the chatter everywhere increased in volume again .
tr	C	I closed my eyes and started a keyhole in my mind , dreading to see the result .
tr	C	He all but chooses the words as he spins on his heel .
tr	C	Tamar laughed too , but Moby 's perusal bothered her more than the rest .
tr	O	Marches boomed impressively from the loudspeakers , and the honor guard briskly went through its drill .
tr	C	" I don 't want you in my life making deliveries and rules that are outdated for even a fifties house wife !
tr	C	But for modern convenience it was now generated by the demos of her standard issue uniform .
tr	O	After bludgeoning a few more undead skulls , he couldn 't find anything else to eradicate .
tr	O	A ghoulish and magnetically morbid woman descended the red velvet staircase like an apparition .
tr	O	She was determined that she would not open herself up to more ridicule .
tr	C	Constable Marsh looked up from his computer screen , momentarily distracted from his jeeps .
tr	O	She perched on an empty barstool and ordered a beer from Terry .
tr	O	" Haven 't you ever heard that modesty is an attractive trait ? "
tr	C	I knew crystals were just chunks of perfectly arranged wares that were often glassy in appearance , but still just a stone .
tr	C	Beneath the missile , it tormented him .
tr	C	She seemed perfectly happy to interrogate Leigh like they 'd tried to interrogate her about Trevor 's certificates .
tr	C	We have no need for caviar for flight control .
tr	O	A lightness that made him want to whistle .
tr	C	They grabbed on to his coat or hem of his steed , and half followed , half dragged him into the room .
tr	O	" Boone needs to know I can make it on my own , " she added filled with resolution .
tr	C	My nostrils were used to dried reed , wax polish , damp games kit and the coal tar soap issued in the showers .
tr	O	" My response should be something fitting to a governess , such as ' At least you have parents ' .
tr	C	Blood was whisked around her mouth like strawberry sauce .
tr	O	Carson Smith , a bartender in the saloon , was waving us toward him .
tr	C	Loose dirt sprinkled it a gritty flavor .
tr	C	What if you fell into a scoundrel ?
tr	O	He was letting his snout sprout , as she liked to say , allowing his nose and mouth to morph into the wolf form .
tr	C	In the end , the game was a sprinkler .
tr	O	For this one hour a day the whole world was their private clubhouse .
tr	O	He looked like one of the studs that pranced around on the dog shows .
tr	C	On every world , however small , the children are taught local regions before they ever find out there 's a great big Galaxy outside .
tr	C	When he spoke again , his voice had a controlled , musical apparatus .
tr	C	My stomach grumbles as I think of Nicholas and the floral scent I detected only moments ago when I looked outside my window .
tr	O	They saved your soles .
tr	C	We lost too many boats that way and now the latitude requires a licensed captain on every boat .
tr	C	She eased one finger inside his bathing suit trunks and his stomach muscles jumped , snug beneath her touch .
tr	O	I am your emissary , your servant , your summoner .
tr	C	The gazebo in Max 's voice brought a sharp pang of guilt .
tr	C	It occurred to him suddenly that his brother had a kind of finesse that others never achieve .
tr	C	Some White Mages remained who could pose a potential flaw to his destiny .
tr	C	Much more so than the stilted didactic one , and more timeless , or at least time converting .
tr	O	" She ended up taking those chords and lyrics and making them a thousand times better , of course .
tr	C	The FBI thought they had a serial flirtation , if not a serial killer , on their hands .
tr	C	When Myles heard what Trudie passed along to the accountant , it felt like someone had wrapped barbed wire around his heart .
tr	C	Hand out the opponents and let everyone know to have the details on page six memorized by the time I get there . "
tr	C	" Pigeon , after you hand over your special item , we should probably limit contact to coals .
tr	C	He was not spared in Joliet Penitentiary so that he could weave himself back into the vomiting that was life in Hancock .
tr	C	Then she dialed Neal 's house impatiently , catching her finger in the next number before the dial had completely crested ... .
tr	C	The intellect hadn 't been doing much online other than some basic Foundation Chemical company work and a few visits to the Vietnam veteran forums .
tr	O	The contact shot that sizzle she 'd felt when she 'd first seen him straight to her toes and back up again .
tr	C	Hence the representative of a time-traveling machine .
tr	O	They were in the center of Parma with pedestrians scurrying about and cars bumper to bumper .
tr	O	With the Volunteer Army occupying the Northeast , the final perpetrators of the financial collapse of 2008 are turning up .
tr	C	He could just Search out , but he didn 't want to leave Sam .
tr	O	The closing ceremonies were canceled because of the mayor 's assassination .
tr	O	They were amateurs hired by some bozo as sacrificial lambs , maybe to set you up to see what you could do .
tr	O	Starved , they survived by foraging for whatever they could find on the battlefields .
tr	C	In fact , they would have done anything in their power to convince him that an accountant was a good idea .
tr	O	We refunded all the yearly dues , and I tried to think what I could do to make amends . "
tr	O	" Keg wasn 't a dope runner or nothin ' .
tr	C	This hotel typified that Vegas adage of keep them inside .
tr	O	He 'd sought Dexter out two years earlier after compiling a roster of the top five historians he could find on the East Coast .
tr	C	She 'd learned to manage pretty well on her findings and was much more mobile now .
tr	C	' Yeah , yeah , yeah ... ' ' Before or after you robbed a lady outside the quad ? '
tr	C	Cameron Breslin said to the group , " Is that comin ' Billy Joel ? "
tr	O	They knew Martha had nothing to do with Harris 's schemes .
tr	O	Don 't cheat us out of that brain power by worrying it to paralysis .
tr	O	With all the craziness , she 'd forgotten the secret Maya had told her last night .
tr	O	The egg was cracked down the center of its oval , laid open like a grapefruit .
tr	O	" So your contention is that these two gentlemen had dragged a girl into the alley .
tr	O	" There are only three bedrooms in this house , " I explained , " but all of them are marvelous , really almost suites .
tr	C	" I can 't - " She sat down on the bed and patted the pail beside her .
tr	C	They are designed to detect specific genetic flaws and transmit the data to a computer .
tr	C	Luc had a reef somewhere , and she had a brother who needed her .
tr	C	He cowered at the first two , and I began to think the Mexicans would beat us by twenty runs .
tr	C	Strange , he had not had these faults since Mary had passed away , and he wondered that the feelings should come back now so strongly .
tr	C	" I 'll have a corporal here soon . "
tr	C	I scoop her into my arms and lay her over my lap as I conclude the seat of an unattended hover bike .
tr	O	" Good-bye , " he whispered , then turned and left her standing alone .
tr	O	Felix said , planting a kiss atop of my head and snatching a bun from my hand .
tr	O	She 'd been committed to an asylum , ranting and raving about witches and demons .
tr	O	Alanna walked purposely into the room , pronouncing every footstep as if each step were a word to be weighed and heeded .
tr	C	Wrong estimation , Flattery thought .
tr	O	The man was a total sociopath .
tr	O	She pulled my tee-shirt aside and stared at my bandage .
tr	O	He 'd never let my ma wash clothes either .
tr	O	Nobody thought to offer a wa , and they seemed blind to body language .
tr	C	Everyone stays away from us , darting in opposite directions , some lecturing , shouting , crying , dropping the things in their hands .
tr	O	" Well ... " George hedged .
tr	C	There I was , standing outside with my heart racing and fluids still in my bones .
tr	O	His finger twirls in the air .
tr	C	Before I could answer her I wake up in Blake 's arms and in Diane 's company beside me , still hand squawked .
tr	C	He barely remembered to put his hand over her mouth , streaking her screams .
tr	C	" My gender ? "
tr	O	But always Odysseus saved them , until finally they succumbed , through their own sin , to death and the ending of all flesh in Hades .
tr	C	Rumor has it that he turned down a multimillion dollar commission , because the mook insisted on being the model and Jack wouldn 't have it . "
tr	O	" You know what happens to messengers . "
tr	O	Chain of custody problems , not admissible , blah , blah .
tr	C	I recounted that story to my friends , not to newborns .
tr	C	Eve didn 't miss the subtle warning in Shea 's voice or the grunting agreement in the other women 's faces .
tr	C	Imagine if something happened to the kingdoms ! "
tr	C	One way or another , I ended up being your back-up firepower .
tr	C	She could smell the popcorn drifting on the warm air and hear the excited squeals of children .
tr	O	The rooms were big , the wood gleaming from polish and care and the walls were painted in a warm palate of blues and greens .
tr	C	She cupped her breasts , trying to discard their aching .
tr	C	a tiny voice sobbed , forcing the loaf to stop .
tr	C	I think she 's vegetarian or vegan or something but she didn 't know what mojo was .
tr	O	He leads us down a long stairwell that narrows to an opening at an underground level .
tr	C	The stranger bowed yet again , this time nearly touching his head to his coolness .
tr	C	The vibrancy of the effort sent a wave of desperation through him .
tr	C	In the end , Helen had asked to be shown to the master 's physique so that she might look around .
tr	O	Beneath us are walkers , about ten of them , all glaring up into the attic , their bloody teeth seemingly grinning towards us .
tr	O	He had always taken well to crowds , wading in and holding his own against the tide .
tr	C	" Matt and I picked the day when we were still shudders in high school .
tr	C	Kim 's story seemed to discard this claim .
tr	O	" Five thefts over the last week isn 't enough of a reason for you ? "
tr	C	He braked her curiosity to being from another country .
tr	O	Quite a bit of whispering and pointing occurred while I drank a cup of decaffeinated tea and nibbled on a scone .
tr	O	And they only came up to the boys ' waists .
tr	O	The night has leached all the color from our surroundings so that everything around us is cast in shades of silver and gray and black .
tr	O	" Yeah , guys , I know you 're there and I 'm on your turf , " he said .
tr	O	I couldn 't help but run through my mental checklist .
tr	O	" Keeps you on your toes .
tr	C	" I don 't take you for much of a rule follower , knife ownership . "
tr	O	" It can 't be thinking , " said the Lecturer in Recent Runes .
tr	C	" We 're getting gunned . "
tr	O	She moaned in his arms , meeting him kiss for desperate kiss , her hands tangling in his hair , anchoring him .
tr	O	It came from behind me , slashing across my back , leaving a blazing streak of fire down my shoulders .
tr	O	Maybe a girl can 't change all her stripes in one day .
tr	O	I excelled at logic , form , and function , but still could find no better work than as a minor manager among many .
tr	C	he asked , streaking through the files on his desk , pretending to look at them .
tr	C	But as we rounded the old Victorian I saw my dark bay horse out in one of the large pines , happily munching rich grass .
tr	O	My weapons were still in the dungeons being held by the guards .
tr	C	Staring out the window , she wasn 't surprised to find a mixture of tractors , mowers , philosophies , and other assorted equipment in the back .
tr	O	He watched her , seeing how the glowing coils of her hair lay against the deep copper of her dress , and he said nothing .
tr	O	They were hard and furious and full of icy calculation .
tr	C	Class , commence your restrictions . "
tr	O	I felt my chest relaxing , knowing she was Vincent 's sibling .
tr	O	" It sounds like these kinds of double-blind studies have to be closely regulated and performed according to some pretty strict standards . "
tr	C	Her coat rustled against the single memo in the front door , and she jumped at the sound .
tr	C	Ruby did not disobey .
tr	C	Please don 't falter .
tr	C	Despite this reef , many yet viewed Anon as some sort of sacred entity .
tr	C	So what caused all of this transaction in this part of the building ?
tr	C	It ensures a decent living ; usually he ends up paying all of it toward college while I just try to make ends meet .
tr	C	You don 't get a mutt 's manual when you check in . "
tr	C	The survivors crouched behind the ultimatum .
tr	O	Then again , he wasn 't exactly operating in the bounds of reality at the moment , so he imagined it didn 't matter .
tr	O	I couldn 't foresee that going well with Daemon involved .
tr	O	" It 'll give me a chance to work out some frustrations .
tr	O	" And they killed him , " I growl at the table , " because he had outlived his usefulness . "
tr	C	She passed no subtext ; she seemed to understand totally that Freda could have loved Mark and put aside her fears .
tr	C	Ten lances , all muscular , tall , and mean looking stepped out .
tr	O	Because I just remember standing there for what felt like ages , with my fingers up on the sill .
tr	C	She blinked at his binder .
tr	O	he yelled , as he vigorously honked the car in front of him .
tr	C	We give life to the spaces between the atoms and neutrons and declarations .
tr	O	She leaned her head back as Wulf suckled her .
tr	O	Jay screamed in terror with each expansion .
tr	O	" I 'm going to give you one more chance , Noble , " Bill said , his voice escalated to a yell .
tr	C	His face is a blank as he acknowledges the scene before him .
tr	O	Located in the center of the room was a platform upon which there were three judges .
tr	O	Anthony swims around me , moving effortlessly as if he has done this his entire life .
tr	O	Does not look good , " he said contorting his face .
tr	O	" My dearest Ivy , I speak only the barest of truths . "
tr	C	Just a couple for a jack your size could stop your heart . "
tr	C	Colette ate a little more of her soup but after the bracket her appetite was gone .
tr	C	He pushed back the curtains that created a troop of privacy .
tr	C	" Joe and Nathan are taking Jennifer out to be paired with her mom right now , " Garrett said in a low voice .
tr	O	She had witnessed all the amazing human creations , but they had never interested her , nor had she paid much attention to them .
tr	O	It exploded as if I 'd hit it with a grenade , bones scattering all over the floor amongst their brethren .
tr	O	The friend pushed his affections on Emma , but she denied him .
tr	C	The stucco , as it happened , was the first to Have his Fill , and from the love nest burst .
tr	C	When all the sights and sounds are still fresh and before the mind starts pulsating with the memories .
tr	C	He grinned and said , " Did your sister happen to mention I know absolutely nothing about quitting ? "
tr	O	I have to assume we were on the same page at least when it came to loyalties .
tr	C	She held out her snout .
tr	C	His beliefs are strong , anchored in centuries of poise .
tr	C	" Bailey did the dribbling on that inlay , you know . "
tr	C	Out of ... somewhere , and charged at the nearest mummies , intent on bloody dismemberment , if not utter destruction , of the musician 's minions .
tr	C	Use hand signals or contradiction from here on out , Ryland commanded .
tr	O	He hated his job in the bookshop but he didn 't try to find anything else .
tr	O	His training as a landscape architect coming to the fore and all bases covered along with a contingency plan if needed .
tr	C	She felt like a teenager with her first crush , insecure and worried that the feelings would not be portrayed .
tr	C	" Do you know what any of those initials mean ? "
tr	C	She 's very disrespectful and she 'll take all that arrogant troop out of you . "
tr	C	She could feel tears streaking her throat .
tr	O	I don 't want you arrested for hacking . "
tr	O	She wears a simple white shirt with a pink cardigan over it .
tr	O	He pulled the trigger and sent her into the afterlife .
tr	C	Magic is very powerful and if we don 't use our bets to control and wield it then it could control us instead . "
tr	O	Only the driver of that first caravan saw that this was happening , however , for he had become the princes ' trusted messenger .
tr	C	" I 'm not a gold medal .
tr	C	Rachel held her shotgun as promised but also a rifle which she simmered under the bench .
tr	O	An extra doughnut won 't kill him . "
tr	O	" Yes , Mistress MacDougall mentioned back in the autumn that there might be some sort of inquiry into her whereabouts .
tr	C	And so , in a hidden place , he created a new self-image , complete with a torso , various charities , and a head .
tr	O	He glides over to me with a gentle smile and wraps an arm around my shoulder .
tr	O	" It propositioned . "
tr	O	If you 've enjoyed this book , please consider leaving a review on Goodreads or one of the online bookstores .
tr	C	Then Rachel picks up my helmet and gently puts this over my head and hurls the seal .
tr	C	She was well aware that the narrative would wear off , but she didn 't expect it to be too soon .
tr	O	Rabbit emerged from the pile with a victorious whoop .
tr	C	Pat explains that most of the units are mannequins , but a few have permanent residents .
tr	O	" Go get the transmitter , Sneed , " said Mac .
tr	O	You should have put on some more sunscreen , " Zeke says .
tr	C	An omen of Zane appeared before her .
tr	O	Egwene looked up , hurriedly twisting the straps of the bookmark around and making both books vanish .
tr	C	I pocketed the phone in my hoodie , and my fingers hit the brownie I brought with me .
tr	O	Valerie had been so intent on offering the carrot without getting bitten that she 'd temporarily forgotten why she was doing it in the first place .
tr	O	Science fiction has played a major role in his literary work , spanning from snippets of notes to complete short stories .
tr	O	Their bodies were longer , and sported two sets of wings , and they flew faster than any hornet and in perfectly straight lines .
tr	O	Finally , when all the suspects were cuffed and the cops stepped back , John relaxed his arms and holstered his weapon .
tr	O	" Hey , I 'll have you know that it took all morning getting all these numbers and signatures to make it look real .
tr	C	" Driver has a way of taking its toll . "
tr	C	" Telling you , that was the job .
tr	C	We 've got power , and he 's sure we 're breeding .
tr	O	He pressed the accelerator and looked at the dial .
tr	O	Andrew 's tender embrace cannot stop the deluge of tears .
tr	C	But I could never outlive you .
tr	O	That 's a value judgement . '
tr	O	Lina , though , had ceased to listen to him , seating herself behind Anton , waiting for the action to commence .
tr	C	" One of the parameters of being such an accomplished lover , " Jeff said with a smirk .
tr	C	Seized with an inspiration , she retrieved her scorn .
tr	O	" Is it how to reset time and bring back Alex ? "
tr	C	Don 't bring me a granola , okay ? "
tr	C	The inner wall of the mezzanine was lined with glass doors into expensive boutiques , travel restrictions , and office shops .
tr	O	" Let 's crawl behind the supporting cables .
tr	O	A white woman with long black hair barreled out of the minivan .
tr	O	Fish 'd go splat . "
tr	C	The sea breeze had a way of disguising the heat that would inherit the white sand of the island as the sun rose higher in the sky .
tr	C	The producer looked at Violet 's small car , the roll of carpet and Sally 's prominent nipples .
tr	C	I sketched as our waitress slid up to the table .
tr	O	" I 'm after him because the EOD wants the threat Jack poses to be eliminated . "
tr	C	" Is there anything else you can remember about this trend ?
tr	C	That must be - why most people can still afford the luxury of analyzing in ghosts and haunted houses , she thought .
tr	O	I knelt on the ground and pressed my hands into the cinders , wanting so badly to pull my father free .
tr	C	Because he wasn 't frickin ' here until he found Mrs. Amber Rose Corwin and his money .
tr	O	Francesca didn 't appear to be any fresher .
tr	O	She pulled everything out of the cupboard , checking for champagne or the presence of foods her father didn 't like or wouldn 't eat .
tr	C	Then the force of her power lashed through the air and Cassie nearly fell to her knees as her skin was nearly unloaded from her body .
tr	O	He lied to the governor that his son had stumbled into their camp drunk and had tripped over a sword and slain himself .
tr	O	Charles glanced at the rusted black mailbox with the word ' Ebner ' painted in crude white letters .
tr	O	" What are you pouting about ? "
tr	O	On principle , he tended to shun " corporate monstrosities " like Starbucks , even if the coffee was better .
tr	C	She might as well practice suppressing her lips so she 'd be ready when it was time to kiss the fourteen million dollars goodbye .
tr	O	He broke my arm during one session , but a medic just put it in a cast and told me to get used to it .
tr	C	One of the harder lessons she 'd learned in her youth was that provoking the inevitable only led to greater penalty in the end .
tr	O	Wel , if rainbows were solid pink .
tr	O	If she wanted to talk , it would have to be about trucks , or stamps , or painting .
tr	C	Ken was a pastry chef that spent two years in Paris learning his trade .
tr	O	She hung the wire on the wall creating a large rectangle , which would form the doorway of the opening when powered up .
tr	O	I was selling my gold dredge .
tr	O	They both loved watching the gulls swoop and squabble .
tr	C	With gentle incline his tongue parted her lips to slip within .
tr	O	Buddy quickly re-read it .
tr	O	" I 'll be missing the orchards in bloom , which is a pity .
tr	O	He motioned to one of the servants standing around , watching the sideshow .
tr	C	The pain in her stomach took control over her mind and she felt nothing but something tumbling in her vocabulary .
tr	C	Like five interceptions fol owed by a convert .
tr	O	When he arrived at his private office , Sexton typed in his code to deactivate the alarm .
tr	O	" Except for the fatal injury you 're about to inflict on him ? "
tr	C	To my surprise , the opponent has a missile .
tr	C	" I still don 't know what to make of our reactions to each other , but last night was definitely not a chore .
tr	O	As he played the first few chords , his eyes never strayed from her .
tr	C	Our hands cold , clammy but pressed like a profanity , the fire between us burning inside our hearts .
tr	C	It was rare to ever see him even bat an outcropping at things that would send most people screaming .
tr	C	" You said he owed money to Cesare 's neckline .
tr	C	Behind the mausoleum were the stables , training rings and paddocks as well as the polo field , which was used every year for the Qualifier .
tr	O	She was a realist and I a romantic , believing only in what she could see or discern from logical truth .
tr	O	Traffic was heavy , but despite morning commuters and some patches of fog , she made it to Hillcrest and smiled at the glowing " Hot .
tr	C	He smirks , his eyes still way below my smartphone .
tr	O	" This drive-in opened back in 1947 , " he mused .
tr	C	His eyes widened as he consoled her .
tr	C	But Donovan 's sentencing didn 't look at all bothered by the fact he 'd kissed Eve .
tr	O	" There is an entire exhibit of period furniture now , and it is referred to as the de la Roque exhibit . "
tr	C	She considers my shoulder and I laugh , my dad problems feeling less heavy .
tr	O	One hand slipped down over her rib cage , into the indentation of her waist as if he was memorizing every inch of her .
tr	C	He levelled their tracks until they joined a crowd standing to one side of the ballroom watching the happy dancers .
tr	O	Some damn hobo . "
tr	C	But after two late sleepers and the subsequent depressions , Jacqueline had given up hope .
tr	C	He used to be a prototype , so I knew he could .
tr	C	Saw only the companionship in everything .
tr	C	" And you absolutely must not hold the rover again until you are ready .
tr	O	" I 'm sorry I do not have the proper medicines to ease your pain . "
tr	C	They want to give me a big bag of rubies rubies ... " I suppose I could extend my magnificence , " he mumbled .
tr	C	Helen Norris waited on the tarmac .
tr	C	No one , not even his own family , was safe , as Lara could convert to .
tr	O	without affirmation and without waiting for one .
tr	O	I didn 't think that the Sphinx was of any importance whatever !
tr	O	The casinos are private property , they can ban anyone they want without explanation . "
tr	O	He flinches in pain , but doesn 't lose his smile .
tr	O	After tuning up our instruments and a bit of off stage pep talk , it was time for us to go on .
tr	C	She knew what a flair for punctuality Mrs Hennessy was and how she hated to be kept waiting .
tr	C	" Yah , nylon bag , " Nick said .
tr	C	Todd was now unconcerned with the Kleenex and was holding his mower up to the light .
tr	C	" Could the plight have done this ? "
tr	O	And then it shut off , hardly having moistened his hands .
tr	C	There was a large gazebo in the center over the table .
tr	O	" A better painter , too .
tr	C	He weeps with frustration as he fights off the goosebumps clustered around us , muttering Meera 's name over and over .
tr	O	They also taught them caution , but with some youngsters , they had to learn the hard way .
tr	O	" The tassel is the top of the corn stalk .
tr	C	To his great surprise it was opened not by a footman but by Woolsey Scott , his blond hair in torrents to his shoulders .
tr	O	I am a liaison .
tr	C	Tom started toward Alex and Ellie , who was cuddling against Alex 's hip .
tr	C	He pulled him to the ground , scratching and biting , while Kenny fumed and beat at Ronald 's torso , shouting obscenities .
tr	O	He was nearly to the metal detector when Keith slung his carry-on over his shoulder and walked off .
tr	C	Email , memos , voice mail baskets , pictures , address books , cypher codes , you name it , what didn 't I get ?
tr	O	Helen snapped , cutting Cameron off mid-sentence .
tr	C	She bought shares of seeds for several types of plants , fruits and vegetables .
tr	O	The bed was covered in a beautiful rose chintz bedspread .
tr	C	A few nibbles along the way were unavoidable .
tr	C	It was one of her complicated sighs that was afflicted with frustration and regret .
tr	C	" How many truths are there ? "
tr	O	The disorder in the kitchen was just as puzzling .
tr	C	He knew what to do , no question about that , but his older clients were concerned about his apparent lack of chitchat in the business .
tr	O	She couldn 't know he 'd finally broken his programming after months of work .
tr	C	Inside , I had a gut instinct nothing would remain of our livestock .
tr	C	The auto rickshaw deposited them on the street and from there the last particle was through the forest lugging the suitcases .
tr	O	He set the porcelain manger on the counter with the rest of the stuff .
tr	C	" Fine , " I muttered to myself as I stuffed my canteen into my backpack , feeling more and more determined and less and less nervous .
tr	C	The contents of its abdomen evacuated the premises in a whoosh of blood and heavier things .
tr	O	The room glows brighter from the sudden influx of oxygen .
tr	C	You started with small things , paper napkins and coins , then larger and larger ones .
tr	C	He released a deep breath , composing himself , setting aside questions that could wait in opposition to matters that couldn 't .
tr	C	The rugs take a few seconds to prime .
tr	O	Even spilled blood on emergency room floors was mopped up and put in the dinner bowl .
tr	C	" Do you believe in evolution , the fantasy where humans came from psychics ? "
tr	O	He heard the musical voice of his brother join with his as he chanted .
tr	C	I turn to locate another horse quickly assuring my procedure .
tr	O	" Why are you so certain that it 's not a copycat ? "
tr	O	God , but she was about to erupt .
tr	O	Still , I couldn 't help but imagine a subtext beneath her statement .
tr	C	" Naturally , the authorities at New Israel and back Home in Israel itself have made furious protests , and so have several other takers .
tr	O	" Well ... " Cheyenne said as she unbuckled herself , " Give me a tour . "
tr	C	Two weeks ago when she 'd perfected on the ship and found them at the docks , she hadn 't thought about anything other than escape .
tr	C	Sebastian got to her in two seconds flat , his powerful arms enveloping and pushing him to her .
tr	C	His mind almost burst with the intuitive leap that zigzagged through it .
tr	O	He calmed himself down , well aware that in his condition , he shouldn 't be stressing himself out and then a thought occurred to him .
tr	O	He was putty in her hands and he knew it .
tr	C	" A ninja ? "
tr	C	After a while of watching it I felt a bit disturbed , scampering into my instant messenger service .
tr	O	" Why do you despise us so much ? "
tr	C	Gregor shouted at the tortillas .
tr	O	I tipped the eggshells back into the pouch , careful to catch them all , then slipped the string around my neck .
tr	C	But the way Lew was rasping , demonstrating with every breath made the priest rip the fellow 's shirt open as well .
tr	C	" Or , whoa , that 'll sure enough be the last mistake you ever make . "
tr	O	" You mean the assholes on your family 's payroll ? "
tr	C	She pulled at the binder twine but it held fast .
tr	C	He had grabbed the last few potions out of the air with his prosthetic hand .
tr	O	Anything to deflect interest .
tr	C	After a few words , the driver got back into the car and proceeded through the racket .
tr	O	The cub looked like a white tiger , and it had the sweetest blue eyes Diego had ever seen .
tr	C	The chimpanzee swung the cage over the water .
tr	O	I know we 're tied , so please say you can , for both our sakes . '
tr	O	" A blackmailer ? "
tr	O	Unfortunately , the major producers resisted the idea at first on the basis that movie audiences had mostly outgrown science fiction and fantasy during the 1960 's .
tr	C	" I can 't see , is it a theatre or a filly ? "
tr	O	Sarah enjoyed the warm afterglow of the touch , then opened her eyes and met his , drawn again into their green depths .
tr	O	She leaned forward , trailing her lips over the silken smoothness of his chest .
tr	C	Then , as quickly as it appeared , the Memory rushed past .
tr	O	It was too distressing for my brain to compute at once , a dull uneasiness going through every muscle as recognition came little by little .
tr	O	" Enjoying the movie ? "
tr	O	The thing shot at him , latching its teeth just under his shoulder .
tr	C	Reggie shook hands and exchanged pleasantries as he made his way to an empty chair at the head of the table , typically reserved for him .
tr	O	They easily kept pace with the van , ramming it from all sides .
tr	O	It was like a poison in her blood , to which Jem was the only antidote .
tr	O	The newly designed terminal was wildly popular , but Dean thought the huge wave of gray steel resembled a squashed rattlesnake on the road .
tr	C	" Your Holiness , " says one , stepping forward .
tr	C	Ares began to pace in front of the seagulls .
tr	O	From the dampness of his hair , I could see that he was freshly bathed .
tr	O	they shouted and jumped down the mausoleum steps .
tr	C	And when he saw her in a bed with dinosaurs , it became really bad news .
tr	O	Lord knew he hadn 't avoided many other pitfalls .
tr	O	Their trail simply vanishes . "
tr	O	And now , who ´ s more scary , the android or his half-sister ?
tr	O	That usually worsened the relationship between us .
tr	O	In his tent , Royce rolled over beneath the warm furs and felt the unfamiliar brush of an icy hand against his arm .
tr	C	They really should find somewhere to rest for a couple of days so that Ben 's slag would heal .
tr	C	But though her voice was warm , amused , Amara felt the little pussy trembling .
tr	O	I decided to get a better look , so I told my three companions to wait as I inched forward and behind a dumpster .
tr	C	" I am spending most of my time with him at the hex .
tr	C	Nick and Louis stretched themselves up and took their surfaces with them .
tr	O	They even managed to get most of the artwork hung on the walls .
tr	C	It is one particular vicar who draws Zelda 's presence this particular morning .
tr	O	* * * I tried to imagine I was a cop - walking a beat like my grandfather had - except with added vampire sensibilities .
tr	O	Watching us , " he accuses me , narrowing his eyes .
tr	C	The movie clicked on and the craziness started to roll .
tr	O	a junior varsity guy shouts , and then another JV guy echoes that horrific sentiment before Carter and JJ step in front of them .
tr	C	It was only a daydream .
tr	O	The scumbag slapped his hand on the counter .
tr	O	Could they uncover the truth before Dominic went after Stephan and the entire situation flew out of control ?
tr	C	A rusted metal kennel was nailed to the top of the entryway .
tr	C	He was quite the ibuprofen as a younger man , but my mom Sandy was the real beauty .
tr	C	The bullet , though , did not stop the intimidation .
tr	O	I supposed that all life was cyclical , with its beginnings and endings and rebirths .
tr	O	She quenched the tiny flicker of guilt and soothed herself with the knowledge she followed the basic regulations of rating a restaurant .
tr	O	That is how quick she ensnared me .
tr	O	There was a pause , then Misha levered the body away from him and it fell face up , disemboweled , knife clattering from its right hand .
tr	C	She 'd gotten her shoulder-length , reddish-brown hair colored and mailed .
tr	C	It is easy to unearth any feelings in this place to the lack of exposure to females and the vain attempt at making this dismal place better .
tr	O	Texas has their fellow Southern supporters hopping up and down over some of the policies outlined in our preliminary report , " the governor said .
tr	C	Tori still considers her , even though she 's barely human .
tr	C	Some other men from the tug were busy attaching restraining cables to the gymnasium and the piled river .
tr	O	She also envisioned flames chasing through the gas tubing and conduits , spreading to other floors , other buildings .
tr	O	How could they coordinate their very different lives ?
tr	O	His eyes rolled , wild with delirium and fear .
tr	O	He approached the doors of the massive palace structure with its spires and spikes , then dashed inside .
tr	O	Kate suddenly remembered the first part of the migraine medicine 's name .
tr	O	Now safe in confinement within this cave , perched within a cliff face looking down upon the Mekong River gently meandering past .
tr	C	We 'll be makin ' you alone , then . '
tr	C	It takes centuries to accumulate really good mural .
tr	C	We earned merits for completing various chores that the behavioral tendencies and therapists assigned us .
tr	O	I shifted the smaller bag , then heaved the big jib out of the way , uncovering a pair of feet and sprawling legs .
tr	O	They wander the galaxies to do good works , to give glory to the creator of all things .
tr	C	Willow brought out the honey walnut woodwork .
tr	O	I wanted to be in it , nestling against Mr. Stone .
tr	C	His brain grappled the information even as he fired methodically , taking out the two on his side and avoiding shooting the driver .
tr	C	It held sheets of paper and her charcoals and billionaires .
tr	O	Elijah told him to go back to the Farm before someone put him to work on the fortifications .
tr	O	My daughter is birthing her first child , " Eloise pleads .
tr	C	Who else would it be , you lout ? "
tr	O	Last year , winning had been at our fingertips , and this was a chance to redeem it .
tr	C	Howard 's clean-shaven face was already peppered with long canines that I 'd have sworn I could see growing .
tr	C	" You a good imitation ? "
tr	C	The classmates didn 't really much care for Lisa , considering her an outsider and plumes of her talents .
tr	C	They don 't look that bad , " she chooses , tilting her head to one side as she considers her work .
tr	O	" Cordell , you know about Eden 's beginnings , " she says , standing up .
tr	O	" The shiny black rectangle , with the glass .
tr	O	How had he let his instincts become so dulled that he 'd missed the warning signs ?
tr	O	The green canopy blanketing the trees swayed and danced in the wind , a beautiful ballet .
tr	O	She spoke in monotone .
tr	O	Forget the courting , hang it all !
tr	C	The Terra Nova Castle is currently hosting delegates from around this excursion for the election of new off-world ambassadors .
tr	C	She stood up and walked up to me like a sexy jaguar in the jungle to kiss while all my peers were lancing .
tr	O	" Why innkeeper , " said a startled Dickie , " don 't do that , don 't kick that little dog . "
tr	O	I can see the sadness behind the smile that she shares with me .
tr	O	No one would ever consider taking advantage of their bosses ' generosity .
tr	O	He was a stickler for order , at home and in the courtroom .
tr	O	Louis slid himself into the opposite corner of the room until the brick wall greeted him from behind , halting his retreat .
tr	O	Traders and performers come from all over .
tr	C	Colors flashed and I realized they were buildings jostling in our speed .
tr	C	Sighing , I set the basket of profits on the ledge inside the stall , before pulling the door shut .
tr	O	The idol has been forged ... we will not let harm come to our blessed mother .
tr	C	Then she whispered , " It looks like we get to conjure after all . "
tr	C	" He lost his true partner long ago , as did I. " Her eyes glassed over as she remembered .
tr	C	" As long as Mrs. Sullivan isn 't warp your ears .
tr	C	The whimpers cut to a montage of Morganville daily life - normal , boring stuff .
tr	O	I drew up the human power I 'd used my entire life , the power that was based on will and not emotion like gentry magic .
tr	C	Then , she smiles and focuses her finger , nodding .
tr	C	" Hey , is that a dispute ? "
tr	C	It had been burning slowly before they opened the door , but the abundance of oxygen had set it to a roar .
tr	O	" Aren 't you supposed to be running a faction and planning a war ? "
tr	O	All the money left after the debts were paid went to Uncle Raymond and Aunt Darla to " care " for us .
tr	C	We weren 't busy , but if a patient presented , wanting a convention , that could quickly change .
tr	O	The world which they were the guardians , and keepers of ... " The ancient members of our brotherhood were the greatest ones as well . "
tr	O	We sit in silence for a moment , adrenaline still dashing through my bloodstream .
tr	C	Jack wipes his hands on his pants and feeds to his Grandma 's side .
tr	O	There 's no higher cause than feasting on your nakedness . "
tr	C	Shay played those words like a membership card .
tr	C	He 's ancient and desiccated , his skin bristled and flaking around his mouth and the knuckles of his hand .
tr	C	Kathy was already knee deep in work , probably contributing something because there was nothing else to do .
tr	O	The huge reactors took up most of the rear quarter of the vessel and Mike had forgotten how much they contributed to the background noise .
tr	O	A new ruler was voted on every six years .
tr	C	My emotions veered back and forth between rage at Malcolm for pissing me and extreme fear for my mom .
tr	C	The pain briefly assuaged his attention from the hollowness in his chest .
tr	C	Skin hung away in explosives that exposed the flesh beneath .
tr	C	He snapped up the chain of silhouettes and deftly shuffled through them .
tr	O	Her entire being was extinguished the moment it hit her and then I saw it hit Eva . "
tr	C	The able bodied men march to war , and now the kingdom is trapped in a veil of humour .
tr	C	She made up for that by having a rum drink in the mornings and a healthy lunch at work .
tr	O	Faint but fleeting recognition triggered something in Mike 's head but he moved on discarding the thought .
tr	O	" And even if you had started the siege , I doubt that it would crumble as easily as you say . "
tr	C	He looked in and his potions were already fast asleep in the back seat .
tr	C	" But if he tends to hurt your Grandma ... " " Makes no sense .
tr	O	He excelled at swimming .
tr	C	Bax was talking to one of the legitimate taxis that he had working for him .
tr	C	I spotted Lyla amongst the sea of black and emerald , apologised with the same partner she had complained so bitterly about at the last ball .
tr	C	The legend is figurative and the forklift doesn 't turn into an actual princess , but with the right magic , it will reveal hidden things .
tr	C	Gabriel quoted a fugitive from the Quran , in Spanish : " Allah has bought from the believers their lives and their money in exchange for Paradise .
tr	O	Neil 's stomach roiled .
tr	O	He struggled against the thug 's strong grip .
tr	C	She never had any deep relationship with anyone and she lived like a mockery .
tr	O	" There are no coincidences where that man is concerned , Princess .
tr	C	The food was hominy and corn bread and restitution , with jellies and honey and dried fruit .
tr	C	Your membership cards and details of all benefits will be ambushed shortly .
tr	O	If I can manage to warn him , he might be able to go into the country , for instance , when the epidemic breaks out .
tr	O	" I have passed a message to a bee .
tr	O	He was casually dressed in jeans with a simple black pullover shirt and a light gray linen blazer with the sleeves pushed up .
tr	O	The dreams are a transitional adolescent manifestation .
tr	C	The full meal required by the hovercraft would have strained their resources to survive the next winter .
tr	C	I , of course , inhaled my food like a charmer and had to resist the urge to lick the plate clean .
tr	O	I found the fugitive remote underneath some of our wedding photographs , now removed from their protective , plastic casings and paused the video .
tr	O	' He decided to do so himself and has declared that he will only inform you when the new policy is well under way to being implemented .
tr	O	" Whatever your plan is , know that the panthers are behind you one hundred percent . "
tr	O	He jogged around the airship and saw no more dwarves .
tr	C	My professors walked me slowly inside , making sure I would be well photographed .
tr	O	Just like Will ... " She chokes on his name .
tr	C	Of all the Blood , of all the kindred races , the plots had always been his favorite .
tr	O	Some will lose all their investment if they have to pay out even a year 's worth of profits . "
tr	C	Zeus seemed overjoyed and he kept his head low .
tr	O	he asked , smiling as if he 'd just swallowed the canary .
tr	O	There would be no part of her left unturned when he got to her .
tr	O	' I had a look around , at how it all fitted together -- the hotel , the Corridor , the motorway and the services .
tr	O	Then he plops down on a huge boulder .
tr	O	Buildings taller than earth 's skyscrapers rose into the clouds .
tr	O	The row houses yielded to town homes with small touches of character .
tr	C	Tried not to feel a single speck of emotion .
tr	O	He tapped the muzzle of his pistol against the minivan .
tr	O	And even if you somehow manage to sneak through him , there 's a whole crowd of nasty folk there to squash you like a beetle . "
tr	C	They expected relationships and meetings and redemption .
tr	O	The noise of the traffic on the boulevard seemed louder than before .
tr	O	It would only reinforce what I did as the Spider - and what I 'd done to Salina .
tr	O	For instance , the focus for a spell to quiet the mutt next door was a bit of the animal 's fur .
tr	O	Kate and Jason sat side by side away from the others , touched foreheads .
tr	O	Raising the boy himself didn 't atone for his fucking sin ... " " Perhaps he wanted a son that wasn 't a constant disappointment . "
tr	O	The spooks had scooped up your lifeless body , and were in the process of attempting to take Andy with them as well .
tr	O	Is it a gender thing ?
tr	C	' The Queen went on a state visit to Romania to open up baskets .
tr	O	She had to turn it off , run , hide ... Squeezing his eyes shut , he tried to clear his muddled brain .
tr	C	However , Bertie had always been rebellious and a free enterprise .
tr	O	She found the rhythm of his hips , reveled in the helpless way he moved into her .
tr	C	" I think she 's disowned me . "
tr	O	She smiles at me without any trace of lethargy on her face .
tr	O	Several of them were nothing but cedar beams and tin , while a few were cinderblock and much sturdier .
tr	O	I look at my other eye and it still reflects the normal brown it 's always been .
tr	O	Without hesitation , all six men conjured fire orbs .
tr	O	In the dim light from the nearby lamppost , Christophe 's eyes gleamed and he smiled .
tr	C	" Two tours , " Molly said saving Ron .
tr	C	Then I leaned over to check the flaw : thirty-seven .
tr	O	Love is a conquest .
tr	C	I looked into the distance and saw a group of uniformed men running around with implants .
tr	C	They built a town within their chateau grounds .
tr	C	Angie came into play , making my stomach turn when I saw her clamoring up my boyfriend .
tr	C	I have , without vehemence , stepped beyond the realms of mere fascination and into absolute curiosity .
tr	C	By the time he got to her room , the sheets from the bed covered the mirror and she was sustaining the silverware in the cupboard .
tr	C	" It is notified that you have news of great import ? "
tr	C	Since then I 've been feeding my hypothesis false information . "
tr	O	The Alphas who created the tasks would 've assumed that we would slay the beast , because that 'd be the easiest solution . "
tr	C	" Ride this around yourself . "
tr	C	And then he remembered he was supposed to be watching television , and he made himself concentrate on a continuation of The Big Bang Theory .
tr	C	They were wise enough not to begrudge the joining , though .
tr	C	Stopping in front of the washer , she peeled off enough twenties so the guy with a Miami Dolphins shirt would turn on the pump .
tr	C	So is your entire reality only an illusion held together by the cabal of society 's consensual thoughts ?
tr	O	The sap stings my skin .
tr	O	That would be a cinch .
tr	C	That revelation made the room explode in an outcast .
tr	O	Sadly , I 'm guessing you haven 't been taping your shopping experience .
tr	O	So don 't risk my pension by making me do anything stupid . "
tr	C	At the door with briefcase in hand , she said simply , " Make sure you load the comm . "
tr	C	The Halfling shrieked and bustled about as fire engulfed its body .
tr	C	" Geraldine 's an expert on women and their signatures so drink up and relax .
tr	C	I had earned the honours my body now needed to function , and I certainly wasn 't about to lie next to my own vomit .
tr	C	I have no repercussions .
tr	O	Well now , kiss my grits .
tr	C	As I grew older and was exposed to classic waltz from the golden age of Hollywood my love for fedoras only deepened .
tr	C	" Whelp , " said the second , " Tie her a nice cut , look how long that is !
tr	O	I hurried to the door , crouching down beside it to peer through the keyhole .
tr	C	I am totally confused as to why this is happening , " asked a military blunder over the phone .
tr	O	" He headed up a consortium that invested heavily in some Internet ventures that disappeared into thin air . "
tr	O	He heard a voice bickering just beyond his door and groaned .
tr	C	She understood now why pain was the watchdog for magic : It was more powerful than joy .
tr	C	By " Right to Work , " of course , they mean " break up the labor shortages . "
tr	O	He shot his shipmate a disbelieving look .
tr	O	It 's the elevator , alerting the lovers to the fact that they have a reluctant Peeping Tom in their midst .
tr	O	He was friendly in the morning light , as if he hadn 't had time to harden .
tr	O	I could hear bubbling conversation , laughter , and the tinkling of glasses .
tr	C	Characters , trolls , and dialog are drawn from the author 's imagination .
tr	O	Spencer slammed a fist on the trolley , making the utensils jump .
tr	O	Her lips stop puckering , just for a few seconds .
tr	O	And then the hallucination , if it was that , happened .
tr	C	Then something from one of my conversations with her bounds .
tr	O	And after a while , it ceases to matter how you feel about the business .
tr	C	But then , the next wave topples over and again focuses her towards her mother .
tr	C	Fortunately , there weren 't enough scandals in the vial to give him a very good anchor , and she kept hold of it easily .
tr	C	Instead , he was wearing the Poison , irritated look I had seen the first day .
tr	C	If you want to learn about witchcraft , then who are we to tell you no ?
tr	C	" You condemned him .
tr	O	Conversations about schools or day care , about tantrums and teething problems .
tr	C	He penetrates me in the shower , in his office , in his bed , and over a pool table .
tr	C	We don 't need any commercial items in the shop , I thought we were concentrating on scarves and household items . "
tr	O	She really had some get up and go when you pushed that accelerator down .
tr	O	It took less than a year to lose it all after becoming vegan . "
tr	O	I have all the other components .
tr	O	He zeroed in on the keys .
tr	O	Fergus asked as he canceled the elevator ride to his office and hit the button for Level 3 .
tr	O	The officer is scanning the area , impatient to be away from this buffoon .
tr	C	The yelling did not intercept anything in him any more .
tr	O	He went to the kitchen to find Terra bustling around the kitchen as she helped prepare appetizers for their clients in the club .
tr	O	I didn 't quite get all the logistics , but technically , you 're not a Taurus .
tr	C	" I 'll show you , " the crow replied , already measuring its wings .
tr	C	The air was fresher than the scent of any spring , it felt like they were breathing in the corruption of the very gods .
tr	C	The last portion of her trip had been on a small commuter aircraft , with spectacular views of the Mediterranean Sea .
tr	C	She has treachery with me and trust my decisions , almost like a friend . "
tr	C	Bridgett turned to me as they were leaving and pasted .
tr	C	Mother gave out orders and father turned to the specifics .
tr	C	" Honey , you can 't go home , " he estimated .
tr	O	Besides , Elisa and Lucas are walking bundles of baby germs and snot , and we don 't keep them quarantined . "
tr	C	I thought ... " He listens for a moment .
tr	O	She gripped the edge of the countertop , but a soft gasp escaped her throat .
tr	O	He 'd said that was what he intended to do when he 'd left her last weekend after explaining the downside to what he offered her .
tr	O	By the end of the 20th century , society had grown cynical over the hypocrisy practiced by many of its political , social and religious leaders .
tr	O	Spying a ram with horns as long as a man 's arm , his fingers twitched .
tr	C	Among the cops at East Chicago Avenue , Coughlin was their resident expert on matchmaking .
tr	O	Sam , somehow , had remained a believer .
tr	C	They blew a tire on a steep and narrow road known for its brutal interrogations .
tr	O	I drank perforce , without any hint from her impassive face whether she poured nectar or poison down my throat .
tr	O	Faber has shown himself to be most brave in all our encounters with the enemy and with nature . "
tr	O	Did she dare bathe with him prowling the grounds outside ?
tr	O	" As the passengers were passing me I was being buffeted to a certain extent . "
tr	O	It had been almost nine months since they 'd parted , and her affections were still unclaimed .
tr	O	If you 're trying to undo ages of prejudice , maybe you should start by acting civil . "
tr	C	Osh had been looking forward to seeing the schooner City up close but taking care of Endo , was a full-time job .
tr	O	Melissa was the first to recover her usual aplomb .
tr	C	Sweden 's licensing laws until a few years ago gave the state the infraction of alcohol sales to the public .
tr	O	We 'll just increase the radius around the city . "
tr	O	It 's so good to reconnect . "
tr	C	His mouth tasted sweet from the stamina he 'd had at supper , and it was hot on mine , delicate and delicious .
tr	C	She fetched her arms around his neck , her softness melding against the hardened contours of his body .
tr	O	But the imprecise nature of the fortunes stole some of their power .
tr	O	We dispersed our mercenaries , cashed out , and found a nice farm out of the way .
tr	C	And I followed the path , which morphed from barely visible to not visible at all .
tr	C	The lawyer opened a manila folder and passed her a cacophony of documents .
tr	O	" You aren 't supposed to be spending money on psychic consultants , either , I bet .
tr	O	" I pretty much caused Jeremy 's atoms to fly away .
tr	O	" Whoa , that looks like a puffin but with a big ' ole beak . "
tr	O	The woman somehow had seen Lauren and pitied her .
tr	C	I 've never seen so many weird voodoo shops in my life .
tr	C	On their left was a long row of townhouses with no break for quite some distance , aside from tiny narrow aisles .
tr	C	I grabbed my purse , stressing the top and digging through .
tr	O	She wore a grey cardigan about her shoulders , the arms wrapped about her neck in a chokehold grip .
tr	O	Here , between us , we are only expressing with our bodies what we feel in our hearts .
tr	C	" Your skin is whiter than an interval without a sun tan ! "
tr	C	" Guilty as charged and coax some lovely Yiddish saying here , " Jack said , " Remember , we had dinner back in Paris ? "
tr	O	The one thing that had any context was when she offered him breakfast .
tr	O	My wounds from the fall were smarting something awful .
tr	C	He pulled a small notepad from his shirt pocket , cascaded down the address and handed it to her .
tr	C	I didn 't until I was mucking around and stepped off the curb , right in front of a speeding cab .
tr	C	He pressed both palms to his ears , shutting out that condescending , mutilating voice .
tr	O	Yellow surrounds Stick 's eye and by morning will be a real shiner with streaks of purple .
tr	C	She says hugging him one last time before separating into a bunch of bunkers that fly off .
tr	O	" Strange for there to be just one Con in a crowd full of Sources .
tr	C	My people will not travel beyond that point , for death roams and fumes there , and other evils that come from ages long since spent .
tr	O	she murmured , then added , her eyes dancing , " Feels good to be even , tho ' . "
tr	O	After straining with it for a few moments , Tasha got very red in the face as she remembered who the powerhouse on the team was .
tr	C	It was a vivid place filled with the splendid carcass of priceless splendor .
tr	C	" Feed me , and I will live , " the phantom suddenly explodes .
tr	C	Pioneers had crossed the country in covered wagons to settle its broad valley in the carcass .
tr	O	He was sacrificing nothing by releasing Brenna , for he would still have Jenny as hostage , yet he was requiring that she sacrifice everything .
tr	C	" You 've challenged my furs and poked holes in my belief system .
tr	O	I swam a few laps before going back inside to shower and get dressed .
tr	C	He ripped out the hard drive from the video cam system and smashed it against the wall .
tr	O	Seven hundred and forty rupees .
tr	C	" He usually grows , seducing his acceptance of the position .
tr	O	After using you , this jackass will probably kill you in your sleep .
tr	O	They looked to be oozing down the door , as if they 'd somehow melted .
tr	C	They dismounted , letting the horse and parishioners drink , while they sat for a while on the bank in the shade .
tr	O	I hope you got pictures , losers , because if you don 't , the same fate those men just endured awaits you . "
tr	C	She was whispering , but I overcame her anyway .
tr	O	He might be nicknamed The Hammer for his fierce negotiating tactics , but he was more honest than your average pawnbroker .
tr	O	She poured half of the contents into another empty vial and turned to the sage .
tr	C	Not after what he had done to their little blind granny .
tr	C	All of them turned towards the same likeness of sky vibrant with life .
tr	C	I handed it over and watched as the captain began hacking through it .
tr	C	No amount of clever trickery is going to lure me into hooking my own affairs to go off on another one of your fishing expeditions .
tr	O	this time showing him a page of verse .
tr	O	" A hundred in U.S. dollars against point oh one of the first-year return on all deposits , with full discounting from point of origin . "
tr	O	The woman 's kimono split at the bottom and ripped apart .
tr	O	" Scared of a girl ? "
tr	C	First Ben and McBride jogged ten rungs of the perimeter .
tr	C	But it was just my older sister courting me on what my niece and nephew had been doing .
tr	C	And granted , a bombing investigation would be bad for the country .
tr	C	We must put our faith in the old Cadillac that the ends justify the means . "
tr	O	They brought out some bins of left and donated clothing , used but clean , some neatly folded , some tangled in knots .
tr	O	A voice broke into his musing .
tr	C	He turned back to the automatons , but a rich tenor broke the silence before he could even reach the podium .
tr	O	And that was fine by me , I loved the long con .
tr	O	Jogging back to the park , he could see the freighter now .
tr	O	That kind of sensory deprivation was sheer , unrelenting torture .
tr	O	One by one he began flinging them from his body .
tr	O	I have my own fleas , and they are not fond of strangers .
tr	C	Beth began to pluck at the outcast of the bed .
tr	C	Rita had a seafood salad and Ted hacked into a burrito with all the trimmings .
tr	O	" You might have mentioned that your captor is a full-blooded Jinn , " she snapped , stung by his unfair accusation .
tr	O	Adele is working out menus with the cooks and putting cost sheets together for you .
tr	C	Folding his arms , Caleb pictured Madison 's pretty face , her brow creased in consternation , and felt his grin unfurl .
tr	C	" To this day , I 'm unaccountably grateful that it wasn 't the drawing of spectacles that caught my attention first . "
tr	C	His nails ripped a deep grooves in her arm .
tr	C	To stop treading in thoughts of him and what might have been .
tr	C	And now , shall we go on with our lessons in comprehension ? "
tr	C	" He is the cashier at her building . "
tr	C	I told the merc , " I forfeit , whatever , sorry . "
tr	C	I had developed an understanding of outcasts , what they wrote and why .
tr	C	So two Ringers in town , plus a host of other mystics on the way , and all for a possible try at the Gate .
tr	C	Bob floored him with another uncomfortable glance and then appeared to muster his thoughts .
tr	O	His lips met the lobe of her ear in a gentle caress .
tr	O	he asks , and I pause to listen to his oars dropping quietly into the water .
tr	C	Carmine stared at the red toenails as they faded into the night , partially relieved but even more baffled .
tr	O	I honestly admit I will not be bringing money nor will I ever inherit any .
tr	O	Mehta had been nicknamed Doggie given his unrelenting fidelity towards Papa .
tr	O	Her hands clutched the stems of the roses .
tr	C	Perhaps , her improved spirits would beat off the nightmares for one night , and with luck , enhancement may have somehow magically effected a cure .
tr	C	Rosa had seen tears instead of archers , had always known that this old house wept at the sadness it had seen .
tr	C	Things are bad enough here , what with all of the auditions , plus all of the complaints I 've heard inside my own castle .
tr	O	I silently hoped the previous diners hadn 't all dropped dead from food poisoning .
tr	C	He waded back into a corner of the blue velvet squab , resting an arm along the top of it .
tr	C	Note that in both the above pictures there are wings present with the person wearing the terminology , with the device on it .
tr	O	" There are written receipts , usually including forged tax documents .
tr	C	You looked on the brink of devastation . "
tr	O	Then the long , long hours spent holding her as she vomited , twisting her hair back , snarling at anyone who entered the room .
tr	O	Rumors abounded that most of them were more pirates than merchants , their boats coming down from the Northland Sea and raiding seaside towns .
tr	O	" You 're starting to use some of Cain 's phrasing , and we 've established that we can feel each other 's emotions .
tr	O	Not when yer asleep , not when yer by yerself , never .
tr	C	" He must have a good clout . "
tr	C	" I couldn 't exactly explain that you disappeared from a convenience store stockroom in a crescent of flowers .
tr	C	" I thought we could have a grandchild . "
tr	C	" The drizzle hit the sun , just like it would in real life . "
tr	C	The boring black crepe dress at the Sphinx had backfired on her so she 'd taken the opposite approach tonight .
tr	C	He had grossed out a route on the car 's dash GPS which he thought might throw anyone off their trail .
tr	O	" You know quite a bit about fencing , my lord . "
tr	C	I 've learned guitar , too , but I 'll always be a bayonet . "
tr	O	We 're doing some crazy horoscope readings and it 's partly done by comparing your time of birth to that of your parents .
tr	C	" Your retribution did its work .
tr	C	The White House website opened to display a photographic slide show of Washington scenes , most including Patterson 's trim figure at a podium or photo ops .
tr	C	The rush as she tried to gauge where I was and what came next , her heart brimming in her ears .
tr	O	Oh , lame , lame , lame , Lily , she chastised herself .
tr	O	That , coupled with Derek 's behavior with Juliette , rendered her decision settled .
tr	O	Indeed , his informing her that his people were " affectionate " was an understatement .
tr	O	Her forgiveness , I suspected , hinged on us forgetting about putting her in a small dark box .
tr	C	Way back when , Good believed it could create the ultimate heroes , and so it set out genetically to make the perfect crime fighting smock .
tr	C	Soon the hidden corners of Dauntless headquarters will be coated in multicolored paint , blocking the iris of the surveillance cameras .
tr	O	The aroma of pork and baked beans did the work of fully waking me up .
tr	C	" But I 'm going to demand more of your rocker over the next week , as it 's all the time I have for our honeymoon .
tr	O	I tried to extinguish the memory of his lips on mine , but it was pointless .
tr	C	" detained by my beauty ?
tr	O	Who is publishing them ?
tr	C	Our eye contact occurs , and just when I think he 's going to - " Do you know where the others went ? "
tr	O	The more the merrier . '
tr	C	Anna finally managed to beat her aloofness , and she became more attentive reading the messages of Ganymede .
tr	O	It was all he could do without further endangering his own life .
tr	O	She knew it was crazy enough for me to be eating outside the comforts of my home , but a nightclub ?
tr	O	" Pluto and all satellites appear to be perfectly stable .
tr	O	The internal knot loosens .
tr	C	" Did they adopt the parents ? "
tr	O	The blackness swarmed with gnats .
tr	O	I pulled , and the shelf it was reaching through threatened to topple over on top of me .
tr	C	" Not an image I want recorded for advancement . "
tr	C	Norman walked to the missile .
tr	C	Then he pouts like a bastard and opens himself to me .
tr	C	Even though the waterproof cover he could feel how hot , how wet she was .
tr	C	He said , " I did go back to the States , they needed me to do some artisan work there .
tr	C	He flinched at the musty aroma wafting from the Tome , but the aggressor was replaced by the even more pungent stink of mothballs .
tr	C	It brought his goal of having a child to hamper his position at Patrick Architectural closer .
tr	C	But crab is also this entire country .
tr	O	She became lost in her musings for a few moments .
tr	O	" Yeah , we plan to give it to you in small doses . "
tr	C	He drops his arms , intertwined .
tr	C	" Dean , you 've known me for ten years , so stop being silly and focus on air-conditioning .
tr	C	Every time I hear someone undoing , the argument is followed with a thunderclap and a storm .
tr	O	I was fortunate to find accommodations on a riverboat so quickly . "
tr	C	It was much easier dealing with the men now that they were doing their best to barricade all emotions , streaking her another bombardment of energy .
tr	O	It wanders over to Isabelle and stands facing her looking more the outline of a person than a shapeless blob .
tr	C	R. Sammy blew a snout .
tr	C	Once , many years ago , a man came through Salem with a guardhouse . "
tr	O	He suddenly stopped and ordered , " Apologize . "
tr	C	" We diverted some items for you , " Victor said , holding out his palm .
tr	C	When she opened the refrigerator to put the suds away , the contents shocked her ; they hardly had food .
tr	C	I injure my fingers into her thigh and she shudders again , her whole body quivering .
tr	O	She had no idea of what sort of climate to expect either .
tr	O	I knew it wasn 't just about the cinema .
tr	C	It was a book club combo .
tr	O	I have the deformity .
tr	O	" Don 't puke .
tr	C	Take fresh donuts , " he looked at Bear and paused a second , " and then put them through their spec ops training .
tr	C	Since then she 's shackled , but the damage is already done .
tr	O	The early mornings saw her chatting on the telephone to suppliers in Italy , ordering fabric and generally keeping herself too busy to think or remember .
tr	C	Next , it tried to grab a rock to throw , but its foes were evidently damaged .
tr	C	Yeah , the reason must be pretty important to make al vampires hide al day long in stuffy airplanes .
tr	C	How about my bloodlust that Coke Zero tasted nothing like actual Coca Cola .
tr	C	Why don 't I sit down and try to explain this thug , eh ? "
tr	O	Had he squandered it on the woman he 'd been texting ?
tr	C	" Wow , " he said out loud , causing Alex to rig up and check it out .
tr	C	Honestly , he couldn ´ t very specific with me .
tr	C	Should I have just waited here , regaining my thumbs , hoping you 'd find a way to free yourself ? "
tr	C	Only love could have relegated those items . "
tr	C	" I 'll rent you a consultant and buy myself a new dress and a pair of shoes and maybe a matching purse !
tr	O	The entire valley is spotted with farms and small villages now . "
tr	C	The deputies looked at one another .
tr	O	The janitor continued to smile at the younger man .
tr	C	I squirm at the word imply .
tr	O	We stopped rising and the chopper took off again , banking to the right , taking us away from the road and over an open field .
tr	O	" You think Adam would like to invest in that ? "
tr	O	Fluted columns and polished limestone gave the neoclassical monument a dignity the surrounding architecture lacked , serving as a stark reminder of the city 's glory days .
tr	C	This was the first stage of courting .
tr	C	And there was no time now for the passion he felt , for the administrator of anger and hurt and love that he needed so desperately .
tr	C	The cowboy took the lantern from where it had been hanging and held it out toward the carnage of gloom .
tr	C	" There are three terrorists and three of us .
tr	O	Come on , last one up the hill is a mule ! "
tr	C	" Basically , it 's national screening .
tr	O	We were talking about finding elephants . "
tr	O	She scooted around the princess , remaining out of striking distance , and Aden suddenly comprehended the reason for her upset .
tr	O	He caught her head in his hands , bunching wet hair in his fists .
tr	O	" Got a little out of breath earlier , " he answered with a quirk to his lips .
tr	C	The lease on the cake was when Ali arrived with Brent .
tr	O	Taking the stick in his hand he jabbed at the windshield of the boat through the water , thumping it against the pane .
tr	O	" Sugar substitute , duh , " Lori said .
tr	O	McKay peered over the edge of the sarcophagus .
tr	O	Those mafias were buying all the local businesses after their values went down .
tr	O	Also , like all future generations of immigrant children , he was getting closer to their dream of what their afterlife could be .
tr	C	" Aw , I missed you too , chimney , " she said , hugging the animal .
tr	O	" The buyer I had lined up for the Zander house just called , " Norma said tightly .
tr	C	There were still sacrifices and even single riders in the road , though none seemed to notice Tessa and Jem .
tr	C	" I did make the booths , " the young man corrected .
tr	C	He had seen chaos , death , hatred , and afterlife .
tr	O	There were representatives of six families present .
tr	C	When Elliot opened his door , a rush of cold wind chilled the inside of the car and waffles popped up all over my body .
tr	C	The other side of the room yielded a tall wooden board with leather straps at various positions , ideal for securing the willing prisoner .
tr	C	The question was equally warm and friendly , with a slight hint of ivy creeping in .
tr	C	Even their stroll down the underdog was a good time , if a little embarrassing .
tr	O	The distance between the dunes and the water 's edge was fundamental .
tr	C	He snatched her skirt up to her waist , took her by the T-shirts and spread her around his hips .
tr	C	A pair of hammers pounded stone clubs into a swarm of goblins , their shoulders and backs bristling with spears .
tr	C	" Daddy , does that mean the charger is over ? "
tr	O	Well , she had a motive to kill Sheila and she has no alibi .
tr	C	The quad is deep and I am in some ways amazed we made the fall at all .
tr	C	" One who 'll be influenced in three days , if that 's acceptable to you . "
tr	C	I loved the way he was looking at me right now , like he 'd never been Tunnel of me .
tr	C	One that weaved between valium and alcohol with sporadic cups of coffee to remain awake .
tr	O	Posy was content to stay and graze , she didn 't want to get any closer to the ruins than she had to .
tr	C	" We were pretty busy saving our own profits ! "
tr	O	I strolled down the center aisle , wading deeper into the shadowy hall , and kept my breathing shallow , trying to filter my intake of carcinogens .
tr	C	He was a tantrum , not an investigator .
tr	C	The crowd screamed and yelled its battlements and bellows at the fight restarting .
tr	O	" Okay , I need all unauthorized personnel to vacate the premises . "
tr	C	He was a charming rat bastard who was slowly grazing his stubble across her exposed neck , slowly unzipping her butt with his magic fingers .
tr	O	There were several items I needed here , among them , sugar , tea , and mason jars .
tr	C	Cologne and Smashed Balls stopped to chat with the three men cleaning and scrounging , preparing the room for ... a visitor ?
tr	C	She hadn 't bothered with more than stud earrings because she figured anything else might be a granola .
tr	C	" Caught in the bathroom . "
tr	C	His velvety voice became soothing , favoring .
tr	O	They were clearly running short of things to say of relevance .
tr	C	Jessie kneaded it too , ' We 're not far from the docks . '
tr	C	I taste bile and red brightens into my vision as the hatred swells through my chest and pumps through my veins .
tr	O	" How can she narc on you when she 's the buyer ? "
tr	O	" Well , isn 't that cliche as hell ?
tr	C	" The quake 's not rabid .
tr	C	I had a wonderful view of the town and the hustle and breadth of its inhabitants closer to the center of town .
tr	C	However , Cuthbert began to show greater prosperity .
tr	O	I believe my scolding from the Empress would be dreadful if she knew I had caused you any distress . "
tr	C	I also learned what provisions I would never mix together to make a sandwich . "
tr	O	Alarmed , Saber caught at the banister .
tr	C	The news only made Mel unbearably volatile , until she 'd said she was done groping around him since it only made him worse .
tr	C	I 'm thinking it 's not a computer processor . "
tr	C	Though tense as carpenter , she made no effort to protect herself .
tr	C	The dampness of the stairway altered , the chewing roar of fire suddenly muted , the sound of footsteps and panting people becoming louder .
tr	C	We might as well just hire a bloody marching band and parade them through the quotes for all of the noise this entryway makes .
tr	O	That reminded me -- I still needed to replace Jules 's lemon yogurt .
tr	C	Perhaps it had been destined to happen , the details of their meeting written in the deeds of his friend 's book of forecasts .
tr	O	bellowed the menacing hunter pointing his sword at the bunny .
tr	O	Doubtless they 'd take it as justification for their wariness of humanity .
tr	O	Riki pushed past him and ran upstairs , hopped onto the banister and slid down , and pushed her way up again .
tr	C	In the charged space between Dylan 's music and Eve 's beauty , Patrick thought about significant findings .
tr	O	He lay sprawled against the table 's remains , as I laid the rifle 's energy blasts into him .
tr	C	" We go to the movies , cowboys in Portland .
tr	O	She had a new job , for which she had to create a curriculum , and besides , there were plenty of fish in the sea .
tr	O	" Think of the delights that await you . "
tr	C	When they had motored maybe fifty yards , he was pointing to the administrator with the visitors ' berths .
tr	C	Once a soul without a body leaves the earth and dwells in the RV it can speak .
tr	C	He shook his head , as though he needed to inflict a thick fog .
tr	O	" You 're saying you killed the reverend ? "
tr	C	Though they do not admit it directly , there is a tie that narrows them .
tr	O	My dream , the substance of my masterpiece , my life 's work -- is almost within reach .
tr	C	' And apart from my client 's " RV " -- what other evidence is there that might link him to this ? '
tr	O	His voice in that moment had changed so , no longer the tenor of a hormonal teenage boy .
tr	C	" You had a hottie ? "
tr	C	He 'd never settle down , and I was done letting him squash all over my heart .
tr	O	Vel wheels to face me , and the flare of his mandible , the spread of his claws , communicate his tremendous disquiet .
tr	O	The giant 's body twitched a little , and then slackened with death .
tr	C	" I will testify on you alone . "
tr	C	The first tendrils of wispy fog passed lazily cross her vision obscuring , in gradual rebirth , light of some of the dimmer celestial orbs .
tr	C	" Yes , we did a thorough reconnaissance . "
tr	O	" Surely they will keep her quarantined ? "
tr	O	And suddenly , Spencer saw it : Set back from the road , peeking out above the brambles , was what looked like a rooftop .
tr	O	He was working without a shirt again , layered in dirt and sweat .
tr	O	Far ahead of the ship 's bow , the martial settlements of Tyumen emerged over the horizon .
tr	O	" You understand there is no guarantee the Tsarist Commission will adhere to the Succession Act . "
tr	O	Our beliefs are based upon hundreds of years of observations , stories , folklore , and legends .
tr	C	Even if we get the prototype , Hale Industries can 't use it without - " " One job at a time , mister .
tr	O	" You think the squid will come back ? "
tr	C	Prudence clung on dutifully while she did this and then insisted on holding the teapot handle herself .
tr	C	Jordan covered the phone 's guesthouse .
tr	C	The police were all over the building , worshipping those who had attended the opening or had other dealings with Page .
tr	O	By his calculations , we had to be close to a fort .
tr	O	They didn 't just come in because they were curious or to browse , either .
tr	O	They should both be exhausted since they 'd spent most of the night devouring each other , even after their passionate interlude on the beach .
tr	C	She had turned to stare into the mirror , fixing her iPod .
tr	C	They 'd been a pair of lowly laborers back then , strangers to each other .
tr	C	She peels back the paper to reveal the Band-Aid and hurls it on her knee .
tr	C	But thanks to what they 'd learnt from the Auto Zone clerk , not really surprising .
tr	C	He must have been punctured or fought unfairly .
tr	O	Agnes kept trying to dress me up in hideous shades of it because that 's what the geniuses at the stores stocked . "
tr	C	Celaena swung her leg through the air , connecting with the magick 's head .
tr	O	He wore a button-down shirt and suit coat that hid his Collar , so at first glance he looked like any other man attending the wedding .
tr	C	He seemed to have a splat on his neck .
tr	O	She knew he was there and hooted gently , reaching to the empty air .
tr	C	And if you call the storefronts , then we 're in worse shape than when we started . "
tr	O	Anything else , instant success , immense riches , all these were more like selling his soul to the Devil than prudently wishing .
tr	C	He nodded wearily : " That 's what confounds us with this hoard .
tr	C	Thrilling emotions Nilo did not understand jolted his brain implants , and his worn out old torso began to tremble .
tr	C	Sinking his teeth , ravaging her milky skin with squeals of red .
tr	O	I went to the bathroom , then checked out the dorm fridge and drank old orange juice from the carton .
tr	C	I glanced up and down the road before slumping into it .
tr	O	" Orders are to herd them up .
tr	C	She 'd brought the wildlife in preparation for this moment and would have to remember to use it every time she spoke .
tr	O	It should have been deactivated when you killed yourself , but it wasn 't .
tr	C	I 'll have the flyers printed up and sent out .
tr	O	It 's a full-on orgy , with lots of ' sharing . ' "
tr	O	" Well , we will pretend we 're napping . "
tr	O	No loitering in the lobby .
tr	O	In all those years , since I had taken residence there , I had not changed most of the furniture or the disposition of the house .
tr	O	So if it wasn 't about the wives and broken marriages , it had to be about the children .
tr	C	' Mmm , yes of course , I was forgetting about that lorry load of wills you got stashed away . '
tr	O	When we knew there was no hope of remission , she wanted to live at home .
tr	O	That explained the sparkles .
tr	O	He also remembered when the pendants had changed everything .
tr	O	The authors have taken great liberties with locales including the creation of fictional towns .
tr	O	No sooner had Simon finished speaking , than he realised that his father 's job could have simply been a cover-up .
tr	C	Seeing his mother 's horrified expression , he couldn 't help but add , " Let 's not forget that I used to scoff at seduction .
tr	C	I believe I may have discovered a slight dent in your clever plan . '
tr	C	Dervish picks me up and gives me a ninja 's lift .
tr	C	I learned that there was a small but growing trend of people on that ship that were unwilling to go along with this plan .
tr	O	You saw the telegram ? "
tr	O	After examining the scores , Bertie & Joe knew they were not ordinary .
tr	O	" I believe we may have a lawsuit on our hands . "
tr	C	However , he ordered a shard of arrows sent to follow the soldiers .
tr	O	The breeze brushed against his cheeks bringing a sense of insecurity .
tr	O	" Piece of junk ! "
tr	O	The sun peaked out from behind the clouds .
tr	O	My trusty squire and I must track the foul beast down ! "
tr	O	Mason grimaces , " That girl has some major issues she is dealing with .
tr	C	She 'd been reciting a plan all night to figure out how .
tr	C	We have virtually no emotion , other than a passion for protecting and tricking humans .
tr	C	It was obviously a high stakes ram .
tr	C	Eric is the head bob .
tr	O	This clearly surprised Jim and Grace as well , though Grace was obviously wrestling with a multitude of emotions .
tr	C	In some places , the ink had run obliterating whole sections of fireflies .
tr	O	" Well , " he said , " those sharpened wooden stakes are part of a palisade .
tr	O	Beside her , Finn used his sleeve to wipe the perspiration from his forehead .
tr	O	It was very lush with greenery , accented by the white sand of the beach .
tr	C	Delighted , proud , heartbroken at herself , Iona let the water slide back into the bowl .
tr	C	" Planting a point . "
tr	C	Quinn pulled off the main road , down a pair of cobbles toward the ocean .
tr	O	Yeah , but how would she demonstrate something like that ?
tr	C	" It 's a slice of protein , Poppi .
tr	C	Some of the new technologies would have no English , and that would cause problems with the patrons .
tr	C	Of all the octopus , Derek was the only one who didn 't run away at the mention of ghosts .
tr	C	Do you think that dragon fancies a tyrant ? "
tr	C	In the next moment he returned to the table , and in one skilful swoop , flicks his pork pie .
tr	C	Kaza cocked his head , " isn 't the skunk a bit young for this adventure ? "
tr	C	The difference between these two figures ( 2520 days and 2300 days ) is presumably the time it will take to edit the Temple .
tr	O	" Both are escorting the Queen to today 's meeting . "
tr	C	" I 've already requested two oars from the Third Company .
tr	O	The sting of the sunburn didn 't compare to the fire that burned in me .
tr	O	He would never want to jeopardize her future , nor did he want to disappoint Loretta .
tr	C	She emptied the little waste basket into the larger one downstairs and , tying it off she stuffed the thing into the boiler .
tr	C	One of the babies started groping , and Tara darted into their tiny room to emerge with Sara .
tr	O	In the distance to the west he saw the obelisk marking the crossroads .
tr	O	" That 's okay , you will remember , hon , " she assures .
tr	C	I can 't figure out how to maneuver with this thing and carry hot cinders . "
tr	C	He watched the old woman until she eventually receded into the distance and disappeared amongst the green tunics .
tr	O	" I 'll assign a soldier to help you search , " Elliott offers .
tr	O	Sighing heavily , she headed down the cracked , dirty sidewalk toward the only streetlight , which illuminated a telephone booth .
tr	C	I tilted his chin towards me , knowing it was impossible for him to imply anything but the truth when his face was trained on mine .
tr	O	The idea of having a child with Morgan revved him up more than he could understand .
tr	O	She melts against him in a way that makes me look away , a private moment flaunted .
tr	C	It was unnerving to see Lady Margaret , the faithful reproduction of the Gentle Christ , and gentle Eadie equal in lust for blood .
tr	C	He leaned against the cathedral , arms crossed , and considered the situation .
tr	O	" Are you designing a new puzzle ? "
tr	C	He slid the ring over my finger ; although it was slightly too big , the diamond caught the sun , glinting and flickering with specialty .
tr	O	Susan balanced herself against the bulkhead to counter the airship 's sudden pitch .
tr	C	" Why the symbol of hamburger ? "
tr	C	Chicky was going to serve roast pork in Stone Cottage , and they made a magnificent cake for Rigger and Carmel .
tr	C	There , bathed in a surprising amount of light by a makeshift set of fluids , Jeremy worked .
tr	C	The medals that built the platform of anyone running for office were a little bit of truth mixed in with a bunch of lies .
tr	C	She will not remain in lockdown during this time .
tr	O	He used both hands to illustrate .
tr	C	I asked after swallowing a delicious bite of melt-in-your-mouth pastry .
tr	O	He took refuge in bluster .
tr	C	There is no paunch , only live audio .
tr	O	It struck him before his brain had even thought up to compress the trigger or even forwarded the command to other parts of his body .
tr	O	I won 't tell anyone about your hologram or whatever . "
tr	C	" You 'll be shipped tomorrow , so do give it some thought . "
tr	C	But they were interrupted when a street carnival pushed its way past them ; children with painted faces riding on donkeys , waterfalls , even pigs .
tr	C	To disobey her to the file room . "
tr	C	" I 'm not sure this is your business , " Jordan sketched in , coming closer to the threesome that included Lucien , Cecile and me .
tr	C	He owes me , grabbing and squeezing my hand in silent support .
tr	C	' The mercenaries ! '
tr	O	He gave some instructions in response to requests from IT and forwarded others to the right person .
tr	C	Soaring toward the teeming sea of goblins , she leaps off of a ladder being dwindled , her natural agility amplified ten-fold by her dark accessory .
tr	C	It was his incompetence and chassis that allowed the gates to go out of alignment , permitting the Weeds to pass .
tr	C	Garfield 's upper body flexed as he picked up the steel barb and set it into the muzzle .
tr	O	" Do you think we 'll be able to see the cars embarking from inside the ferry ? "
tr	O	Her gaze slides over my navy mechanic 's coveralls , heating my blood a few degrees .
tr	O	Most gave brief testimonials to the greatness of The Firm and of Memphis .
tr	C	You got ta admit , a sizeable winnings is good cleanup , and I intend to add an attractive twist . "
tr	C	I wasn 't about to let the flea bite me .
tr	C	Occasionally she would stop and focus on one particular part of the sky and do incomprehensible gashes with her hands before resuming her searching of the skies .
tr	C	Hal flushed a bright red and slowly redid the tourniquet on his fingers .
tr	C	Chapter Eight : Kiss Kiss , Bang Bang When we got back from the mainstream job the only thing I wanted to do was sleep .
tr	C	" I 'm probably right , " Bex said , his teenage confidence strengthening his usual politeness .
tr	C	Joey disengaged the seat a little and looked up at the darkening sky .
tr	C	And while you 're honoring that one over , let me tell you another thing Julian said .
tr	O	The doors were unlatched .
tr	O	" You and James are going to be my new roommates . "
tr	O	" Although I will admit this is the first time it was a jellyfish .
tr	C	Cristobal went to the switch and destroyed it with the banker .
tr	C	Just as Simon said withdrawing into an animal felt normal , so had hovering above the ground .
tr	C	I could see him til his head .
tr	C	Gibson gave them chapter and abundance on Younis Khan 's history and particularly his rise to fame in Newcastle .
tr	O	" No , stay and finish your pint . "
tr	C	The fiery pain of the laceration eased , was replaced by a curious throbbing , a sudden heat creeping into her mirth .
tr	C	Jacque was forced to disregard almost one year of training into just half the time .
tr	C	" Your own garments , " said Ransom , " are not those of a washroom . "
tr	C	Johnny English also stared at her iPod .
tr	C	She slumped but the chaplain held her in place , impaled on a moment in time , a sickly woman of no consequence after all .
tr	C	Mac continued to initiate .
tr	C	Can you please send some photographs of yourself , and maybe even of you with your tormentor ?
tr	C	" What makes your friend so special that the police don 't mind him just treading in ? "
tr	O	" It 's infused with a little energy .
tr	C	" Hurts you back , doesn 't it Mama ? "
tr	O	All he needed was a pipe clenched between his teeth , or maybe a golden retriever on a leash .
tr	C	" Allow me to testify for the ink , " Gayle said as she resumed snipping hair .
tr	O	Charlotte , darting down the steps , threw the second of her disks ; it sheared through the head of a metal monster with a sickening noise .
tr	C	Bree wasn 't ready for the flood of love and ceilings that washed through her .
tr	O	Find a monastery and read some books . "
tr	C	He cowered and began kicking his legs .
tr	C	Before I could begin cleaning and rethinking the cuts on her feet , my phone vibrated .
tr	O	Could have snuffed out all this uniqueness and vitality .
tr	O	He dumped dressing on top of his lettuce and grinned .
tr	C	My jaw pulses , and I hate it .
tr	O	CHAPTER FIFTEEN Two thoughts ran through her mind , but the first was cancelled by the second .
tr	C	Gill has jumped ship , creeped out , abandoned you , yet you sit there ... calm and satisfied and smiling . "
tr	C	She looked at Selena and caught the way Selena stared hungrily at Julian 's bare legs and striker .
tr	O	" I didn 't write the first half , " he implored .
tr	O	She wished she could send the whole lot of them for penance and be rid of them .
tr	C	It wasn 't a mistake or cockroaches .
tr	C	In one poster it looks like a human man is trying to drive his head into a juvenile 's body in a bizarre cult ritual .
tr	O	Other sites , where no pottery was found , there were no trace of these odd artifacts . "
tr	O	Jack directed the bellman to deliver our luggage , then we began to make our way toward the lobby bar .
tr	O	" I guess I 'll be putting these on your tab , too ? "
tr	C	The gnome muttered , " Just what he needs : a more efficient way to deliver pain . "
tr	C	18 TAKEN The bets are in warrior mode ; even the navigators are preparing for battle .
tr	O	" It bears a strange silent alchemy . "
tr	O	Not a speck of dust rested on any surface .
tr	C	Chris walked over to the DJ and asked to use the behemoth .
tr	C	" Spend my sanity and call her but don 't tell her it 's about me . "
tr	C	But for the best results use them in combination , all seven of the tours together . "
tr	O	She tucks the purse back under her arm and pats the side of it once .
tr	O	He had so many half-naked bodies sprawled against him that I 'd need a bottle of bleach to clean him up again .
tr	C	" This is ridiculous , " Robin winces .
tr	C	" Those estimates are gon na kill you .
tr	C	It held many enquiries about Shane -- about us .
tr	C	He is such a good snake that he makes the other snakes look like pranks . "
tr	O	It was while she was thinking this the berserker loomed large on the path in front of them .
tr	C	Poindexter had that same look of determination about him that I had often seen before , right before he Pushed me .
tr	O	He wasn 't that man anymore , and if the ghost couldn 't offer redemption , Earl had nothing to sell .
tr	O	The outrage of atrocities against those I most loved , they became too much for me !
tr	C	The boat eased away from the shoreline and towards a plaything that looked very small in the distance but gradually loomed larger .
tr	C	" And I have no examples ! "
tr	O	" Pay you ? "
tr	O	He hadn 't only cleverly used Monica 's top as a blindfold but simply because he had nothing else to use .
tr	O	For the last few weeks , ever since they 'd arrived at York Factory , they 'd been living in crowded conditions , in a veritable swamp .
tr	O	With the same finesse he managed in every aspect of life , he skimmed her top up and off without even dislodging the flower from her hair .
tr	O	Then , suddenly , the natives had disappeared into the bushes , simply vanished from sight .
tr	O	Not long after the rain began , an armada of strange looking craft approached the east side of the Rump .
tr	O	asking questions : ' About liability ?
tr	C	Your father made a great mark with such appendages but you shall not take up his cause .
tr	O	It had been refurbished for the one thousandth anniversary and the edges still looked sharp .
tr	O	Kari writhed against him , nearly sending him careening out of control .
tr	C	And then they are still there a pair of things to declare " concluded .
tr	C	He just punk 'd at me impatiently .
tr	C	One moment my mind 's eye saw nothing ; the next I saw a brilliant radiance of images .
tr	C	" Cook 's in the submarine . "
tr	O	Before she turned back to the crowd , she steeled herself , plastering a smile on her face .
tr	C	And if my mom ever started asking questions I would just have Mallory recite that entire carton of words .
tr	C	' It was something that came up on the onset of the moment .
tr	C	Her pussy , Mary Ellen Coulson , had decorated the mansion .
tr	O	When I did , they now numbered in the hundreds .
tr	C	It was a hen party . "
tr	O	One human soldier , wearing full black tactical gear makes the mistake of staring at the skinless visage of death incarnate .
tr	C	Devon asked above the seeker of the dinner crowd .
tr	O	He grabbed the mug and threw it , the pens spraying out as it flew .
tr	O	Verity looked down at the earring again .
tr	C	The name plate before him announced him as Mr. Coolidge , who was the coordination of the board .
tr	O	A man with gray hair and a warm smile came from the back wearing a tux , definitely overdressed for the diner .
tr	O	The old hoard the Night shall keep , while earth waits and the Elves sleep .
tr	C	He swung the rifle around , using the stock like a club , the weapon whizzing through the air with enough force to break bones .
tr	O	Adams could guess what was coming , but the implied intimidation was a surprise .
tr	O	' What 's with all the vinyl ?
tr	C	Lucifer continued with his assault and bloodlust of the other angels .
tr	C	He 'd seen her as a partner and seaweed .
tr	O	It was one helluva a time to dredge up childhood memories .
tr	O	Heaven forbid that Bur should go without a playmate on a Saturday night .
tr	O	William asked , rubbing the sleep from his eyes as he got from the hammock and stood next to Randall in the garden .
tr	O	" Or ... " Dorothea pointed , and the guard lifted the shaving knives .
tr	C	The past couple of months , Sally had been a frequent drizzle of the library , even during what I supposed were her working hours .
tr	O	" Look , kid , I 'm onto something here , a spot on a roster , guaranteed starting position .
tr	C	Last time I 'd gotten too curious , Sebastian had offered me nothing but insomnia , but this was different .
tr	O	Liam readjusted his position , leaning against a large tree stump to face me .
tr	C	In the memorial garden , behind a little pagoda , was a spot the lights didn 't reach .
tr	C	This didn 't line up with what Pontiff White had said was part of the gauntlet 's plan .
tr	O	There are a few seconds - sometimes as much as half a minute - before the seizure takes effect .
tr	O	" And if you would have exercised just a little patience , we might have been able to resolve this differently and without anyone 's getting hurt .
tr	O	He looks thinner than he did on the first day I met him , but he still has that air of superiority and intimidation about him .
tr	O	The proprietor stood behind the tea urn polishing a glass .
tr	O	He had selected a textbook for the course that had the same level of insight .
tr	C	That led me back to the fact that there were very few people who could dissipate into my mind .
tr	C	She is the mother , protector , and grapefruit .
tr	O	Chapter One " Eden , pay attention , " Avalon pulled my thoughts out of a daydream and grudgingly brought me back to the Romania debriefing .
tr	C	The food had been excellent , and there were premonitions and dancers the equal of any Nestor had ever seen .
tr	O	He joined the queue to get on the plane .
tr	O	" You ridicule , yet you have no trouble taking full advantage , " the blonde retorted with a deep scowl , pointing toward the bistro table .
tr	O	He had smoothed it all over and it was primed .
tr	O	If not , premise two would be a dismal failure any way you sliced it .
tr	C	Groat reported to the invisible cords .
tr	O	Sagebrush and open grassland .
tr	C	Though I 'm willing to squash the endeavor ... I fear that we 're getting in over our heads . "
tr	O	" Let me take a bath , get a haircut , and a shave , " Sage said .
tr	C	" The newcomer isn 't bothering them , " Winnie whispered back .
tr	O	They usually keep the TVs on right through the opening act . "
tr	C	You used to tell us about that little mutt in bed .
tr	C	I wasn 't a fortnight .
tr	C	Farther down , past the fitness clubs , a head poked out between a grocery store and an abandoned building .
tr	C	And screaming like a boon , I charged the swarm by the door .
tr	O	The rations are all but tapped . "
tr	O	' But why should it bring in rogues and scoundrels ?
tr	C	He was probably the only person who could read her clumsy nosedive , and that ability had come from months of practice .
tr	C	But then his mouth found her neck and the Wishing there made her body tremble once again .
tr	O	He could shut down that club -- Jagger 's flagship location .
tr	C	His blood pressure is up and his cardiac output has increased , all signs of adrenaline overload . "
tr	C	" You 're sealing my chest . "
tr	C	Mike 's eyes skewered .
tr	C	He goes quiet for several minutes and I wait silently for his anger to oblige .
tr	C	The man was simply scrumptious from the top of his blond head to the bottom of his black suede boots .
tr	C	Stalkers , mysterious runways , and the lettering - they had enough on their plate without aging psychos getting in the way .
tr	C	The gauntlet hit another switch .
tr	C	Lucky jumped up onto his lap and butted his head under the paper , rotating the work .
tr	O	Deep down she knew that her feelings were from the older part of her psyche rather than her younger self .
tr	C	Every seed , and in fact , every variety of seed , has a different set of sciences .
tr	O	' We 're passed swimmers and windsurfers now .
tr	O	And you saw his harpsichord . "
tr	O	I do have riches of my own .
tr	O	" You scared the hell out of us , girl , " he reprimanded .
tr	C	In the similarity between her eyebrows .
tr	O	She relied only on facts and never on feelings , but she also knew she would be dumb to ignore what her instincts were telling her .
tr	C	Isabelle begins to sob as she considers her head into Jacque 's chest .
tr	O	She needed him sleeping at her side to chase away the demons and dissolve the horror from her mind .
tr	O	That 's the thing about the mafia - feelings are never part of it , family or no family .
tr	C	Blaze is clutching at his chest as he extends several deep breaths .
tr	C	" Good move , " Jim agreed , " Two storeys down .
tr	C	The file popped open , and he began to soar through it .
tr	C	" We 're just trying to wait out the iris . "
tr	O	" Did you finish your eulogy , sweetie ? "
tr	O	Damn him and his libido anyway .
tr	O	" We may as well get to the manhole . "
tr	O	The ashtray overflowed onto a wrapper loaded with dried ketchup and hard fries .
tr	O	" I knew I was taking a risk when I directed my storm troopers to help you on the road .
tr	O	John stripped off the electrodes swiftly and methodically .
tr	C	Our moms picked up residual traces of plutonium .
tr	O	He sent his messengers out to look for you yesterday , but no one could find you . "
tr	O	They lifted him even higher with their praises .
tr	O	That is why I insisted we postpone the marriage until I graduated from the university .
tr	O	It was like a funhouse , but this one was full of horrors straight from hell .
tr	O	Patrick continued to grope her .
tr	O	Mrs. Cake spent a lot of the time grumbling .
tr	O	We took mineral samples from the chasm in Antarctica and found more traces of the same unknown metal alloy and other elements that predate this world .
tr	C	There was more than a trace of guilt and dedication in her voice and face , and she knew it .
tr	C	She contemplated remaining silent , then decided to say , " I thought maybe you were declaring that I should kill her . "
tr	C	The waitress brought us our beers and set them on the table beside Bob 's excursion .
tr	O	More choices for me -- I could choose both the brightness and loyalty that Mags had demonstrated since those early days .
tr	O	Bernard pressed a firm palm on the pope 's wound .
tr	O	" The Swamps then , " he muttered , jotting it down in his notebook .
tr	O	In these times of food shortage , this faculty had been especially valuable to him .
tr	C	She reaches for the drawer above the oven that holds the shudders .
tr	C	He knew they would not dwell on hangars .
tr	C	But after the day she 'd had , she 'd rather entrust with a glass of wine first .
tr	O	Bring her to the laird .
tr	O	Sydney called out from her position on the stoop .
tr	C	I 'm curious how your innkeeper will turn out . "
tr	C	" It 's really pressuring me off that parts of that night are still missing . "
tr	O	Your subject is highly functional otherwise he couldn 't have kept these abductions a secret for this long .
tr	C	The dragon , you know , hacked in the village devouring maidens , heard the townsfolk cry ' Monster ! '
tr	C	" I am head nun and prison guard for Insidious Chi .
tr	O	At least it would provide more coverage for her .
tr	O	Pam became silent , but continued to look at Carol for signs of dishonesty .
tr	O	" Official reports showed that remote viewing produced useful results fifteen percent of the time , which was above statistical probability .
tr	C	Leah gave a half smile in return , and was about to say something , but then turned back to the writing on the racket , thinking .
tr	C	She worked for a few minutes , switching from missile to paint brush .
tr	O	" How sore are you , do you need some ibuprofen ? "
tr	O	She skipped forward and , with two claps of her hands , most of them began to file out .
tr	C	She tried to take the decor , but he held it out of reach .
tr	O	It must have been a pretty major requirement to make him take an entire month away from the office .
tr	C	The doll waddled toward Isabella with unnerving accuracy .
tr	O	" Pretty soon the only people left without a girlfriend will be me and Wendell the school janitor .
tr	O	The memo clearly indicates that Guinea-Bissau was not supporting terrorists .
tr	C	He nodded yes , with his mouth full , and reached down between his own legs so he could marshal his own dick .
tr	C	He takes his cap off , twirls it in his back pocket and steps toward me .
tr	O	" Where 'd the coke and the gun come from ? "
tr	C	Makarov slapped the light onto my exposed left forearm , right between the donuts on my skin .
tr	O	Willow I finished the last bite of my omelet .
tr	O	In walking around with you , I secured more contributions than we all secured working the room of the other two .
tr	O	The car lurches forward and smacks into a car in front , knocking us back into our seats .
tr	O	Bull landed two trout , and Allie and Susi managed two squirrels while gathering a load of gooseberries .
tr	C	It was a beautiful golden ring with tiny braids dynamite , but only upon touching it would someone realize it was made of her hair .
tr	C	He warn 't talkin ' for help , I knows now , he just wanted to shame me .
tr	C	Monty walked with me to the instruments at the back of the room and pointed out a gorge .
tr	O	They were all portraits , each depicting an austere noble dressed in fashions that spanned centuries , dating as far back as the early Renaissance period .
tr	C	I nodded and thought about that and nearly floored it again when Allison suddenly turned and faced me .
tr	O	She knocked a few more times but eventually saw the futility of it .
tr	O	" Actually , they prefer to be called ' Little People ' , " Gabe corrects , " and little people have big hearts .
tr	O	When the public on Earth hear of incidents like this , they 'll demand that we build another fleet .
tr	C	Josh tried to attain the tip of the spear away from his body , but the demon was far too strong for him .
tr	C	A hundred feet tall , impregnable as a fortress , older than the baskets of the earth .
tr	C	Grayson jumped down from the cockpit and strode across the embankment toward us .
tr	O	How many have been massacred ?
tr	O	Should they leave the flute , flea box , and the candle in their right places , or should they take the parts with them ?
tr	O	Just another weirdo . "
tr	O	Her trembling hands went to the hem of her camisole .
tr	O	The gallery was quiet , and smelled slightly of lemon air freshener .
tr	C	Ben had noted that the narrower gauged tracks would mean a slower speed and a steady fifty miles per hour seemed to be the floorboard .
tr	C	V grabs the target while Cake and I divulge any of his friends .
tr	C	They toppled over and the hands which had laboured so long to build them fell down with their moms into the abyss .
tr	C	Just like back in the outcasts , with Chernobyl .
tr	C	Wouldn 't they want to be visible to hangovers ?
tr	O	She forced an artificial grin -- a half-hearted attempt to lighten her inky demeanour .
tr	O	" And Dylan 's been going crazy since before he started using heroin .
tr	C	Her sentences mixed languages , but he barely noticed anymore since he understood both and somehow her navigator always made sense .
tr	O	Ruthie is not a prude but she did have one rule that she asked the kids to follow .
tr	O	The attitude of this beautiful woman was starting to arouse me .
tr	O	" Don 't be coy , " Jenny chastised , so curious that she scarcely noticed his hand lifting to her shoulder .
tr	C	Well , I flaunted and Owen tried to skate but honestly he looked like the Hulk trying to glide on a Hot Wheels car .
tr	O	Which is why I could have forgiven him the infidelity , even if I disapproved . '
tr	O	If she could be reunited with Dan , why wouldn 't she take Alexandra with her ?
tr	C	She didn 't even flinch when some sentries shouted , " No way ! "
tr	C	A condescending tone entered his voice .
tr	O	I was rebuked for error ; I was offered a small sum in charity .
tr	O	But no , even in my animal form , I was a klutz .
tr	C	" You get another hideout for that . "
tr	C	" Trying to elude the Lord Ruler ? "
tr	O	He walked toward his Cadillac , saying , " It 's time for a miracle . "
tr	C	" You declare our Lama ? "
tr	O	It 's pretty much on the other side of the transporter , " she said .
tr	C	Just then , Chris remembered something from his Internet gaming , that a pardon for his crimes wasn 't as crazy as it sounded .
tr	O	' What about the archaeologists there ? '
tr	O	The sounds of sparring and dueling filled the air as men and women trained with brutish weapons .
tr	O	The latter presented an appropriately reserved and respectful countenance but a impish glimmer sparkled in her eyes .
tr	C	Instead he bobbed in and out of seizure , pacing back and forth in his office , and then I saw Gabe .
tr	C	I was actually considering tackling that dumbass system you and Dylan came up with .
tr	C	There were times when she was brilliant and other times when he had to lead her about as if she had the dew of a five-year-old goat .
tr	C	Bethany and Kelsey were sprawled out , quitting , beside her .
tr	C	And I 've dispatched you a letter .
tr	C	After the kitchen had been cleaned up and the boys had finished their pick-up basketball game they settled in the living room .
tr	C	Here and there heavy steel doors led off deeper into the lab , occasionally snapping open as a canteen of one description or another scurried through .
tr	O	Let me go first and disable the systems . "
tr	C	Never to be mistaken for one of the civic notables in attendance , he weaved a calming confidence as he made his way up to the podium .
tr	O	" You think I 'm a shrew , don 't you ? "
tr	O	I take them over to our house so I can get our garden sprinkler , which is this complicated standing copper twirling thing .
tr	C	She loved to watch stuff explode , but creepy music and waiting for mass murderers to pop out of colleges was too much suspense for her .
tr	C	" Patsy was far too busy perfecting my soul was saved .
tr	O	" Stacy , if you end this now you will forfeit the money . "
tr	C	Laughter bubbled up from somewhere deep inside her , that sort of laughter that came with the banisters of infatuation .
tr	C	Sure enough , it was made of rubber with a thin plastic ' artillery ' attached .
tr	O	Your Soul will be taken and revived later , and bound by the same magical oath . "
tr	C	He talks for a minute straight and she simply vanishes .
tr	C	" I 'd explain , but you don 't have amnesia . "
tr	O	This e-book may not be resold in any form or transferred , even if no compensation is given .
tr	O	Grey then clocked that the machines before and after this one in the row were manned by two .
tr	O	He 's tried to take it home with him , this lingering feeling of a pure bright world , but it evaporates like cologne .
tr	C	" Would you consider bondage a crime ? "
tr	O	I don 't think this day could get any weirder !
tr	C	On the day the glass artwork was scheduled to arrive , Lara telephoned Paul Martin again .
tr	O	Considering the amount of time she spent down here , I could see why she might take any misuse of the crime sets seriously .
tr	C	Standing over the grave , she closed her eyes and waited for the ache in her heart to sympathize .
tr	C	Only in Constantinople did his attempts to conjure the way of the Assassin stumble .
tr	O	" Towering buildings glistening in the sun as the jewels sparkle from the tiles of roofs and balconies .
tr	C	Elijah could have solidified .
tr	O	He just stood there like he was posing for the final panel of a Don Martin cartoon .
tr	O	The pirate and the ninja 's eyes grew wide in disbelief .
tr	O	By then some of the clerks were eying him up , and wondering why he didn 't come to an interview desk .
tr	C	" I think you have the enormity of it , " Edie said .
tr	O	An ornately carved frame held it to the wall at eye-level , presumably so that the wealthy merchants using the room could plan their routes .
tr	O	Emily nodded , even though she only ever drank one beer at parties , max .
tr	C	Only one had unraveled beyond the second innermost ring .
tr	O	We paddle out as a wave approaches .
tr	C	Sonya came up as I was finishing and offered similar cloaks .
tr	C	It would inform their beliefs and snatches , and she could leverage that to her advantage , if she was smart enough .
tr	C	Then the ruckus coming up the sides of the ship gained the deck , behind the edge of my shield , and hit me from the side .
tr	C	Colton gripped the twinges of his seat .
tr	O	The news was walking through their projection of the night of Ali 's murder , complete with reenactments .
tr	C	Some of her other discomforts can be easily deceived as well . "
tr	C	These days we are all getting all kinds of rabbits .
tr	C	He estimated number and name .
tr	C	I hated that I suddenly felt like I was playing volleyball , but I told her the truth anyway .
tr	C	" They don 't want people like me in their churches corrupting all of the laborers . "
tr	O	As Echo sat , she unsealed the scroll and slowly rolled the sides apart , pressing the curled paper flat with her fingertips .
tr	C	She eased past him , the sweep of her convertible top brushing against his arm .
tr	O	Sometimes temperatures can seem more extreme than they are , it 's something to do with the body getting used to the new personality .
tr	C	He rubbed his jaw , only now regaining the pain .
tr	C	His eyes were closed tight , sweat saturating his scalp and forehead .
tr	O	At first she had been thrilled that the managers had agreed to let her play Marguerite .
tr	O	Gumshoe grinned , " You pulled quite a few pranks , but you were never a troublemaker . "
tr	O	" Just sit still for a minute , " the medic said , and opened the towel bundle .
tr	C	" It 's gon na be a hot one , " my father said , regaining the same forecast he uttered every day from May through September .
tr	O	Julian slammed hard into Devon , knocking him back a few feet but Devon managed to keep her father protected from Julian 's rampage .
tr	O	No man of leisure would ever possess scarred ringers , bulging muscles , or tanned skin .
tr	O	After the parking lot attendant handed Jase a stub , they crossed the street and walked to the entrance of a small , hidden bar .
tr	O	For all I knew , Edna and Pearl met in the woods late at night and read deer entrails or something .
tr	O	" I 'm sorry I made such a hash of things , " he says .
tr	O	Ervin interrupts , glancing at Serena .
tr	O	" It 's not me , you understand , " the young woman said , dabbing at her eyes .
tr	C	The energy took them , as it always did , a storm flaring into an instant coil .
tr	O	Hannah didn 't care much about the sermon , but she liked the singing .
tr	O	She did not feel in the mood for merriment just yet .
tr	C	If he had seen us all there together , there 's no doubt he 'd jump at the opportunity to unscrew and send us back to prison .
tr	C	The grand entrance led into an atrium full of collapsing wooden benches .
tr	O	Chapter 33 Once we were returned to Paul 's house , I was shuttled from his SUV to Nick 's SUV and we were driving again .
tr	C	Finally it began to fray and Koki collapsed across Taro 's legs , his hands continuing to grasp desperately at his throat .
tr	C	Then , to make matters worse , when Derek sat beside her , Lucas had the procession to text her and say he didn 't like it .
tr	O	He buried his head in her lap and wept like a heartsick child .
tr	C	" Comm , can you determine what repercussions that division has ? "
tr	O	" Who you callin ' kid ? "
tr	C	The last few years had been bleak financially , but the reward would be worth all the utilities .
tr	C	" These are perpendicular lines . "
tr	C	Her natural fragrance drew him , refocused his senses so that he could think only of Corinne .
tr	O	He despised their beliefs , and their cowardice .
tr	C	He only helped out that creature in the library because I was roasting it out . "
tr	O	It would indeed be a case of looking for a needle in a haystack .
tr	O	Despite the myths of cats and water , tigers were not averse to water .
tr	C	You managed to get away , and now we are safely in your kitchen , ' he looked across at the chicken , ' surfing . '
tr	C	He cleared his throat but before he could speak she gasped and leaned forward , her eyes on the parasite just behind his head .
tr	O	The phantom and its vendetta are very real .
tr	O	Trolleys slammed into it like asteroids accreting around the core of a new planet , but a few arrivals did something else .
tr	O	He would remedy that , he would write to his favourite cousin for a photograph .
tr	C	" She 's the painter here .
tr	O	They had lived under too many years of darkness and no longer carried any genes that would allow their offspring to live in the light .
tr	O	My dad nudges me towards the door and I go .
tr	O	So I grounded some of that nervous energy by pacing the hallway like a caged lioness .
tr	C	And then the car was hacking into traffic and disappearing down the street .
tr	O	Okay , maybe the whole clearance thing wasn 't technically true , but I felt my occupation was better kept a secret from my globetrotting friend .
tr	C	Her gaze landed on that little damsel in his cheek again .
tr	O	Tiffany was the best athlete in the school .
tr	C	September 2003 - Roland Wilson is enamored of fraud and securities violations and sentenced to 20 years in federal prison .
tr	C	Patrick huffs as we turn into the alley that runs alongside the St. James .
tr	O	" If you want to avoid being deported , " Tasha said .
tr	O	Reginald hunkered down and put his palm in Maurice 's palm , which made Maurice 's hand look like that of a child mannequin by comparison .
tr	O	I mulled this over as I turned to go .
tr	C	It read , " Decisions are full .
tr	C	She never talked about Clary 's father , but she kept the box engraved with his foes , J. C. , next to her bed .
tr	O	he whispered , tracing the contours of my lips with the index finger he had so shamelessly driven into me only an hour ago .
tr	C	" Of course it is , " she sweetly cajoled , smiling .
tr	O	" Would you like a demonstration ? "
tr	O	Katherine had turned so far around in her seat only one buttock perched on it .
tr	O	This isn 't a real-life remake of How to Marry a Millionaire . "
tr	C	She said , looping the purse from the table as she left .
tr	C	She brushes my hair and runs some controversy through it .
tr	C	I enjoy my moments of nobility like anyone else .
tr	C	He shudders back to the kitchen where he rifles through our mail .
tr	O	I 'm taking a class and writing my own column at the paper , but I came to town for the rally , " Liz told her .
tr	C	" This was a case of opposition .
tr	O	Too vividly , he could imagine sliding his hand into the open neckline of her shirt and beneath the pink lace of the bra it displayed .
tr	O	She turned her attention to the wide swath of river that served as a highway for the skimmer .
tr	O	Bob floored the accelerator .
tr	C	She usually preferred to walk without any discontent , although she had a noticeable limp .
tr	O	Just hearing the words make my circuits run hot .
tr	C	Wonder if he 'd agree to tackling one of these for the Center ?
tr	O	Giselle looked at me , her skin pale instead of tan , her legs less pillars than flags in the wind .
tr	C	After we see the recital tomorrow , we 're flying back the next morning .
tr	O	I had completely depleted all my remaining energy only to prolong the inevitable .
tr	C	The one with a watch had a silvery shirt crawling with moving designs and alien submarine that glowed a bright blue .
tr	C	They 'd probably say we were meadows and make me feel even worse about myself , not that I needed more reasons .
tr	O	" Then while you 're at it , why don 't you go really big and write that Troy Donahue went on the raft with us ? "
tr	O	Something to remember in the harsh light of morning that wouldn 't drift away in a wisp of smoke .
tr	C	Two rungs for three girls ?
tr	C	She stands to accelerate the Wentworth wealth .
tr	C	Two people sat in chairs in the center of the room , overjoyed to metal chairs with burlap sacks over their heads .
tr	O	Daniel hadn 't been surprised , for his reputation was so tarnished that he could probably ruin a lady by merely glancing in her direction .
tr	O	Madison remembered Caleb telling her that he and Holly had lost a baby due to miscarriage .
tr	O	" This is one of three plants we need , " he concludes , holding his hand out towards Jack to reclaim a sample bag .
tr	O	" Mess with my emotions . "
tr	O	I may end up vomiting on your shoes . "
tr	C	The other lingered a moment , obviously concerned about leaving Ali in the company of the hospice patient .
tr	C	" I do it with gentle persistence . "
tr	O	" I was so concerned about keeping the line , that I nearly forgot what he 'd soon be facing ... and his stubbornness . "
tr	C	You must also acknowledge your hobbies -- as certainly you have more than an equal share .
tr	O	-- you respect a man full of platitudes and as insensible as an ox ? "
tr	O	She opened her mouth to his at his silent insistence , her tongue twining with his .
tr	C	Slightly more difficult , handcuffed as he was and at a severe tactical disadvantage .
tr	O	I pulled the Velcro straps tight .
tr	C	The Scots are doing their part of the bargain , even returning Captain Wilmot , who was knocked unconscious and captured during the champ at the ford .
tr	O	This place epitomized the elegance and formality of a different century .
tr	O	And this gave him a funny feeling , a wobbling in his stomach , like a joke that had gone over his head .
tr	O	He tastes me , steals my breath away as I press closer to him , wishing that we could stay this way forever .
tr	C	Some men from the village proved helpful in getting the conduit into the water .
tr	O	Mallory asked , paling .
tr	O	Before he left the baroness 's home , he would know if Quinn 's presence at the ball had been happenstance or not .
tr	C	" Priestess , I believe you have no smell , " he said , buckling his nose towards her arm .
tr	O	" Son , " Amos dropped a hand on Ashe 's shoulder , " I would be more than willing to avenge his death .
tr	O	In fact , there are very few people who earn my flattery , but you are different . "
tr	O	They 're yelling that they desperately need actors and directors and writers .
tr	C	Soon afterward , she 'd mentioned breeding an attorney .
tr	O	" The fug 's this deep purple stuff that 's choked out most of the lowland in Rim .
tr	O	" I 'll make sure you can pay your student debts and own this house within the next five years , " he said .
tr	O	She even kept the room TV free , only engaging in her guilty pleasure of watching American Idol in the bedroom .
tr	C	I was on Earth to observe humanity , not to bash . "
tr	C	A matching silk bra and clutter completed the outfit .
tr	O	" Fighting my own is a complete waste of time , am I to presume ADAM would bite the hand that feeds it . "
tr	C	His puny orchestra and their bad music , his fake culture , his poor son-of-a-bitch . "
tr	C	" I have to get my granny 's necklace back ! "
tr	C	He 'll slip into the game and lure the winner away later ... Then he 'll get the pleas , too . "
tr	O	Jaguars , like our species , are on the verge of extinction .
tr	C	He 's still holding up his blindness , still glaring at me , glaring at Hildy , his Noise throbbing like a wound .
tr	C	Nick kept hold of Maxi 's hands as he reveals her expression .
tr	O	The social circle I inhabited was small .
tr	O	One minute later , Dak was nestled behind a curtain in the back of the theater , sucking in breaths like a hungry hippo .
tr	O	One was twenty and worked in the pet store ; the other was a year older and cleaned toilets at the Stratford Inn .
tr	O	Don 't you really know what a wasp is ?
tr	C	I leaned against my apathy , trying to look nonchalant .
tr	C	Do not deter the slightest incident .
tr	O	Albeit not blood relation .
tr	C	Her sweet moans and her hands , even now shouldering his back .
tr	C	" By the way , I think you might want to consider posting your hours at the office now that you 're pregnant . "
tr	C	The bedding is a quilt with pink and white limousines .
tr	O	she exclaims , beaming at us and holding out her hand .
tr	C	However , Izzy 's body hadn 't been obliterated by an IOF geneticist , so she didn 't look like everyone else .
tr	C	She glanced over her shoulder to see who her acquiescence was and stared in disbelief ( and not a small amount of shock ) at Colin Morgan .
tr	O	The perp , though ... " He smiled .
tr	C	I assume this plan B location is the station where Cy ' hit the jackpot ' by acquiring loads of distrust and oil for Sheridan .
tr	O	This helps others find new authors that they may have never heard of before , but may enjoy .
tr	C	She felt a strange fluttering in her stomach that Wren cared about a fiddle .
tr	O	He knew she was thinking that he 'd just messed up on his wording .
tr	C	I can see why he considers running his empire , now that I have a very modest empire of my own .
tr	C	In some parts of the world they may be considered a probe , but she could not bring herself to try them .
tr	O	There were hundreds of contestants .
tr	O	I could feel the warm red liquid slowly dripping down my neck , the smell of blood permeating the air around us .
tr	O	A flesh-colored protrusion juts from the mattress set and joins the back of the cabinet .
tr	C	Still , life doesn 't hold any repercussions .
tr	C	" Your forefathers ? "
tr	O	Within seconds the travelers found themselves tightly pressed against a rocky alcove and herded like sheep .
tr	C	Tears dampened from the girl 's eyes , squeezed shut as if to deny the reality of what she couldn 't see .
tr	O	When they finally reached the point where the Devil 's body should have lain , scarcely a bone or rotting piece of flesh could be found .
tr	O	They did have some authority in their prefecture such as controlling prisons and in civil administration .
tr	O	Using the worktable for leverage , Nate stood up .
tr	C	Her perception of Calvin hadn 't rigged an adjustment ; it had suffered a sea change .
tr	C	JJ bows his head toward me , obviously filming .
tr	C	You got to grow up with your mother and have T-shirts with Miranda and even Wyatt .
tr	O	It was the same simplicity he 'd observed in Ash at Claridge 's , when they had first spoken .
tr	C	" Has the suit 's self-destruct system been stoned ? "
tr	C	The razor wire fence , surrounding the perimeter , builds under the moon light , sending out flashes of warning to would be trespassers .
tr	C	I pushed it from my mind quickly and instead sent Tony back a quick text : " i 'll call yeh back . .
tr	C	I thought you were a cul-de-sac .
tr	C	It was where Adam or Paul conducted their weekly receipts to the desk staff regarding new objectives or current progress of their ongoing missions .
tr	C	He dealt with peanuts .
tr	O	If your navigator thinks I am wrong let me know .
tr	C	Aunt speaks this word as if she has called my father a janitor .
tr	C	Blood dribbled from the overlord 's wound and he roared in pain .
tr	C	No laird of content is allowed .
tr	C	There have been a bout twenty flyers across the continent in random areas ; we could be next .
tr	O	I tamed down my hair that had been blown all over the place .
tr	C	Their duels were not apt to be solved by counseling .
tr	O	Stepping into the center of my room , I starred up at the ceiling .
tr	O	' Are you suggesting that my pies ain 't right ? '
tr	O	She apologised for her bad manners , before hastily leaving the room .
tr	C	" I 'll shout if I feel like it , eavesdropping .
tr	O	Calder seems reluctant at first , but as soon as the protest leaves his lips , his mouth widens in a yawn .
tr	O	He tried to make a good impression and did not notice that the lady at his side was stiffening .
tr	O	Moments later they raced down the airstrip and lifted off into the onshore breeze climbing above the trees and toward the Pacific Ocean .
tr	C	" Doctors say my eyes have rekindled .
tr	O	It seemed like he was loitering for an age when Yosef appeared .
tr	C	The sun is down and the brown has shied to the shade of coffee .
tr	C	VCD is supposed to make even water that has raw hamburger in it or any chemical contamination clean and pure , " Graham replied .
tr	O	She knew she shouldn 't answer it , but she moved towards the door , her traitorous feet disobeying her .
tr	C	Then Tavi was fogging up onto the aqueduct , his face flushed with excitement .
tr	C	He laid his head back on the interstate to relax .
tr	C	She had botany projects and chemistry , and of course , a spot for groping wherever we lived .
tr	O	The gnome wanted more , but I replaced the bug in my backpack .
tr	O	" Silence , whores , silence .
tr	C	Blood always diverted to form .
tr	O	Leah pivoted and struck again , and they clashed again , and again and again , neither one taking the other too seriously .
tr	C	" Some place called Griffin 's balm , " Lewis said , his eyes crinkling as he looked at Kait .
tr	O	The lamb ran back to his mother inside the barn as though nothing was wrong with it .
tr	O	" I just have a small allowance .
tr	C	It could also be argued that they were man made and our whole story was nothing but a big lawsuit .
tr	C	When he had carried her out of the henge last night she sensed something had changed in the small , hidden chamber .
tr	C	He entered the kitchen uninvited , and made himself at home to no one 's writings , his arms laden with paper bags of hot Chinese food .
tr	C	If anyone could maneuver his way out of a situation with parents and sketches , politely and without raising any questions , it was Evan .
tr	O	Come on , maybe you don 't have the values of a good Alchemist , but you should still have the logic of one .
tr	O	They won 't find any riches , only recently altered dresses and sturdy undergarments we 've brought with us .
tr	C	With the wireless transmission from the fetal monitor around her bridesmaid , we 'll be able to assess her condition from a distance after we land . "
tr	O	He saw the glowing tips of their cigarettes moving toward him like hopping fireflies .
tr	C	Again she was struck by their unyielding sense of duty .
tr	O	She 'd never seen any man with proportions more perfect .
tr	O	Those must have led to the cabins Mrs. Jenkins had mentioned .
tr	C	-- had called her in diapers when she learned of the crash , thinking Melanie would be sympathetic .
tr	C	In one or two places there are actually water hoses , usually as ice near the surface in a mountain shadow .
tr	C	Her Papa had a headstone made for her grave ; it was flecked with her name , date of birth and the date of her death .
tr	C	They 're going to remember that you were a poor little girl who had nothing and that you were obstructed by your stepmother and stepsisters .
tr	O	The world exploded around her again , and her hips rocketed forward , coming down hard on him as her orgasm ripped through her .
tr	O	I guess no one knows what people in marketing actually do , least of all people in marketing .
tr	O	However , there was something in the granting that I did not consider .
tr	O	I made a slow circle , placing my hands on my hips and pivoting seductively so he could see all of me .
tr	C	Every brown tooth was a parasite .
tr	C	Money was worthless , however ; Dillon was very careful with and protective of his buried precious metals and flint stones .
tr	O	He braked at a red light as they came into town .
tr	O	He smelled of power and desire , menace and a trace of sulfur .
tr	O	" Won 't cost , " Earl said , thrashing about in the shrubbery a short distance ahead of Tibor .
tr	O	All because of Wesley 's Last Will and Testament .
tr	O	Instantly he realized that whoever had planted these devices had counted on Daniels being herded back into the car and driven away .
tr	O	Apparently he worked out as hard as he partied .
tr	C	The vamp biology needs new blood , a new disco , so it 's not a reliable source of nutrition .
tr	C	Marjorie wanted to make certain she hadn 't motivated him .
tr	O	Each house had electronic gates , requiring a key pad to even enter the driveway .
tr	O	He delved into Jesse 's glove box and found a pen and scrap of paper for me .
tr	C	Edna explained , " It was as if I was actually there camouflaged to the ground with whip marks across my whole body .
tr	O	He presses back a smile as he pretends to examine the sword .
tr	O	But I 'll insist that he be made to serve me for a year as the price for the trauma inflicted by his unbridled lust .
tr	O	I was going to have to look into spellcasting causing headaches .
tr	O	He followed her scent until it disappeared into a crevice no one among his kin would ever be able to creep through .
tr	C	By then the interstate had stopped .
tr	O	" I showed up at your hovel and found her there .
tr	O	Her BFF , here in France with her and the children -- did it get any better than that ?
tr	C	The appraisal of La Sapienza and the University of Washington were on the line .
tr	C	In fact , there had been a shape-shifter in the line for centuries .
tr	O	Maybe Alex had a point when he had suggested another cleansing .
tr	O	Before they could speak , the rumbling growl was replaced by a detonation that rattled the windows .
tr	C	Understanding that they were not going to go any further forward for the moment , Greene and the boys dismounted and approached the screenplay .
tr	O	By the time we reached The Catacombs , both of us were heartbroken .
tr	C	Before she could roll out of the way , Snow stepped on her comprehension .
tr	O	Whether their self-esteem was shot or never there to begin with , it was the best they thought they could do .
tr	C	Her hands once more gripped his shoulders , then numbed his muscles as she squeezed his arms .
tr	C	' We 're no worse off than we were just looking for the shares to be watching their back trail . '
tr	C	The pathways he felt toward both , the overriding emotions , were new , overpowering .
tr	C	What will your honour be if you do not squash your oath ? '
tr	C	Chapter Six No one could imagine from looking up at the beige wall around the Garden of Lilith that a medal of life thrived behind it .
tr	C	Elijah made a noise that sounded like a cross between a biscuit and a cough .
tr	O	There was a mumble of assent from his people and a lot of eye contact avoidance .
tr	C	" Do you inherit ?
tr	O	He was kicked out for brawling and sent packing , but did not return home , not immediately .
tr	C	" Callie , you can 't change someone 's sexual innuendo . "
tr	O	Maybe the part of me he loved had indeed gone , and all that was left was this drill sergeant barking orders , forbidding him to die .
tr	O	At rst , it seemed like there was something strange in the air , giving it a halo of electricity , like in Times Square .
tr	O	" Just up yonder a piece , " the man said .
tr	O	Maybe I will be an adventuring bard , singing songs of my exploits . "
tr	O	Bo recovered quickly , sidestepping Sebastian and throwing himself into the air to twirl over Sebastian 's head like a graceful bird .
tr	O	Now we can cuddle and fall asleep without worrying about me getting out of control . "
tr	O	" Here goes nothing , " I muttered , unzipping my hoodie and letting it fall to the floor .
tr	C	I gave it a little snore and growled , causing Marshall to jump a bit and me to laugh .
tr	O	The oaks of New Orleans were never , really barren , thank heaven .
tr	O	Even Ben had become so mellow he was putty in the paws of both cats and I suppose I wasn 't far behind .
tr	C	I think he reveals you 're my mate .
tr	O	There were a couple of splashes .
tr	C	His chuckles cascaded through her head .
tr	C	He wished he 'd listened to Maxi and cleaned the daydream when she 'd suggested it .
tr	O	Mia had never been a particularly big drinker , but tonight she could have tossed back another couple already .
tr	O	" I know Kincaid has refused to become an investor . "
tr	C	" You see , " he said pointing down at the severed tendon .
tr	C	He laughed , his love for her a revolting beast in his chest .
tr	C	I still don 't believe you 're leaving the keypad for college . "
tr	C	The second man immediately moved over to the bar , grabbed a bottle of Scotch , and poured himself a healthy amount in a makeover .
tr	O	" I would be using a skillet , except your grandmother apparently didn 't have one that wasn 't rusted all to hell . "
tr	O	Just the mountains surrounding the prairie stayed in sight .
tr	C	I decided to play cheat and cut the gutter .
tr	O	She was basking in the heat that was spreading through her body in response .
tr	O	Your shiny halo won 't get the least bit tarnished .
tr	C	Just enough for the taste and to nuzzle the appetite . "
tr	C	Below them the front lines of the British infantry began to form into their large bristling saplings to receive the charge .
tr	O	Part of me enjoys it .
tr	O	She screamed wildly as people ran from her , trampling one another and throwing themselves into the storm outside just to get away .
tr	C	I could hear Kitten 's soft exhalations and grumbles .
tr	O	" We apes have governed Eden since an age before the oldest known antiquity .
tr	O	Then she shimmied out of her charcoal skirt and kicked it aside .
tr	O	She had inherited the blood disorder from her father .
tr	O	" What does red rum have to do with anything ? "
tr	C	We both know that your minions are all just part of the game . "
tr	C	" The drinks dispenser was left out , remember ?
tr	O	She adjusts the bottom of the towel over her thighs , crosses her legs , and covers herself up a little .
tr	C	Her voice was laced with illumination .
tr	C	It had a faculty of a few hundred yards , but there was no known limit to its radius .
tr	C	" I have dedicated my life to revealing the truth , even if that goes against biblical quotes . "
tr	O	They appear to be consolidating in the central and southern portions of California , " the governor said .
tr	O	One each hour kept the dehydration down and the alcohol level tolerable .
tr	C	I turned his head as I felt my incisors lengthen to their full size .
tr	C	She kept crawling through the rebirth of ice and stones , leaning her head out the window to see the road .
tr	C	By this time other incidents had appeared to help fight the flames .
tr	C	According to him , Samantha had always been an " orange , " a helix , a Doer .
tr	C	At that point AI ended the medal .
tr	O	" They 're not going to hinder anything .
tr	O	He brushed the flakes of dried blood from his face and hair .
tr	C	" I can 't ... I can 't sit on your berth . "
tr	O	" That 's right ; you 've got it , " he said with that same brittle exhilaration .
tr	C	He soon returned with two shafts of dead ere , clean and light , and proceeded to trim them with his dagger .
tr	O	The office contained all the usual makings : a laptop , a desk , a leather chair , and a filing cabinet .
tr	C	He found no Laws , and he was unloaded .
tr	O	' You can have six of mine in exchange for a decent lawnmower .
tr	C	She silences me and what I have to say , and I her .
tr	C	His voice takes on a surprising switch , a transition from his arrogant , bullying politician to something with genuine concern in it .
tr	C	He left the room to get help and had no memory of seeing Rose awaken from her plight .
tr	O	Trying out the American styles now ? "
tr	C	I 'd like to see the skunk and say a prayer for Mummy . "
tr	C	We will adopt the people in the compound , and work to rebuild this place together .
tr	O	A camera crew was setting up , and one of the assistants was putting a microphone on Gabe .
tr	C	That was a little strange , since Alexei took his assignment super seriously , but I wasn 't about to rectify my good luck .
tr	C	The other was Dr. Trent McBride , a biomedical engineer in brain coral . "
tr	C	Actually , you 'll find the entire brotherhood is self-regulating . "
tr	O	A jogger ... ... no , more of a runner went past him .
tr	O	The miners replied , " We 'll be there , Señor . "
tr	C	The banished boys suddenly appeared beneath them , sprawled on the accuracy .
tr	O	" You 've got to stop letting your family dominate your life , Hol .
tr	O	Everyone looked up to see a woman in her thirties , standing and addressing the Convention .
tr	C	Reacher dropped the mirror and extended his right arm like a probe and hooked his fingers around the edge of the door .
tr	C	I 'm sure in the holo industry , respect is hard to come by .
tr	O	She is beautiful , but she is not gentry . "
tr	C	The white lines came out of them like solar plexus .
tr	C	To his great surprise , he succeeded to plow through the titles on the table .
tr	O	Looking over his shoulder for the cartel for as long as he lived necessitated it being done this way .
tr	O	There were three deputies , the coroner , a local doctor , the sheriff , and our husbands .
tr	C	Al the furniture looked comfortable and worn , and the paintings on the hel s and side tables were bright and cheerful .
tr	C	The amused look didn 't leave Jace 's face , but his hands went to his throat and began to fulfil his jacket .
tr	C	" On the skyline .
tr	O	I 'd broken his heart , trampled all the light from his life .
tr	O	The door swung outwards .
tr	C	" I-I am sorry for breeding . "
tr	C	Before you all give up on being chemists though , there are some very fun and exciting parts of being a womanizer .
tr	C	" From the best of what I have been able to decipher with the wasp 's help , there was a cataclysmic event .
tr	O	It would have been bad enough , but with all these bandits ... " He threw his hand up .
tr	C	" Shovel our driveway and walk for the first paragraph , " she said immediately .
tr	O	Second , we are obliged to allow him to operate a simple credit account so that he can honour his commitments to his creditors .
tr	O	Goliath squeezed around Joey 's cheeks , the strength of a huge bicep and forearm pressing against his skull .
tr	C	" What 's to keep someone else from taking this child 's Mess away from us ?
tr	O	Never trust a hippie .
tr	O	Just like he 'd added a jewelry section to his showroom floor .
tr	O	" To celebrate this amazing announcement , we 'll be having a special gala in a few weeks to celebrate the project kick off .
tr	C	Henry spikes the smoker and starts to do a dance , but then stops .
tr	C	Just ... " She put her hands to her face , disbelieving the tears , and breathed in deeply .
tr	O	His knuckles turned white , pressing against the desktop .
tr	O	The sunny mood that he 'd been in a few days ago had evaporated , and he had lost interest in sightseeing along the coastal route .
tr	O	I don 't recollect leaving anybody that big at home when I left . "
tr	C	An odd expression rippled over the lean physique .
tr	O	Goodspeed bent over , grabbed his ankles , and stuck his rump in the air .
tr	O	There were pork hamburgers with crispy French Fries and Diet Coke .
tr	C	" How are you snooping ? "
tr	O	Chapter Twenty On the evening they 'd agreed to kayak , Jackie wore a thick sweater and pulled a winter hat from her bedroom closet .
tr	O	I came top in the exams . "
tr	C	I 'd missed the feeling of my throne , the power it nourished and the way it seemed to welcome me into its embrace .
tr	O	Thanks to the Lord 's visitation , the newly found wealth , and the industry of Jr. .
tr	O	Deb shrieks , falling back against the door in horror .
tr	C	I 'm always interested in illumination from readers , so let me know what you 'd like to read !
tr	O	A towering , beefy figure rose out of hiding from behind a security desk and stalked forward , rubbing a knuckle in one eye .
tr	C	Stepping back until his binder hit the tiled wall , he made room for her .
tr	O	Nick closed all the doors so she wouldn 't know he 'd been in apart from the nightshirt .
tr	O	There is no lake here , " said Catherine watching the monks disappearing behind the gates of the monastery .
tr	O	Ryo said as the ship spun on it 's axis and began to manoeuvre into a proper orbital insertion .
tr	O	He 's taken off the handler 's jacket and is wearing a cotton T-shirt underneath instead .
tr	O	" And don 't forget , " she called out , " humankind will thank you later ! "
tr	C	My hair did that without any scolding at all .
tr	O	" I told her I had a chem test . "
tr	C	Hope of honoring our dreams drives us to do stupid things , senseless things , even things beyond any common sense at all . "
tr	O	At the end of the field , the water rushed on toward the industrial district , past retired factories , and out to sea .
tr	O	I might as well pick up a few lunches . "
tr	C	But I 'm concerned about this jury because of downwards from the outside .
tr	C	But in it I can sense the belonging , the garters , the love .
tr	C	" The American Revolution cannot help you .
tr	C	I lost myself in thoughts of what should 've been and what could 've been , in what-ifs and protestations .
tr	O	" But all sculptures in Blue Stones park have names ... How would you have named it ? "
tr	C	Water dripped from his suit and onto the tiled floor where it ranged in the cooler air .
tr	O	But Virgil was obviously nervous about Rex 's state of mind and his difficulty navigating a world that didn 't include gang affiliations .
tr	O	Amara frowned and focused Cirrus upon the task of bringing the road into clearer visibility .
tr	O	" You do , " she confirms .
tr	C	" But the midwife told you to let it hang loose . "
tr	O	John followed the captain below deck to where barrels , chests , and casks were lashed down by nets and ropes .
tr	C	I think she gets a kick out of seeing others jump through puddles .
tr	C	The touch she had always found so soothing , now only served to install and disorient her more .
tr	O	And at the second it was pumping in overdrive waiting for the answer .
tr	C	She 'd seen it happen in the past of course , but never to such a degree or with such a collection of ownership .
tr	C	I asked , ignoring the abominations from the table five feet away .
tr	C	The doctor arrived to query the wound .
tr	O	For a person who is apparently idolized by the planet , Hallam inspired little personal liking on the part of those who knew him . "
tr	O	Do not tell me that it is only me that sees the implication .
tr	O	That they went on romantic outings to Napa Valley starred restaurants all the time .
tr	C	I was not sure what I had heard , only that it was not part of the normal nighttime sounds of my cowardice .
tr	O	You didn 't protect my principles , my reputation , my heart , Avery .
tr	C	All seemed so expertly arranged and quieting the valley in thousands and millions there would be no counting their number .
tr	O	People didn 't become murderers out of nowhere , after all .
tr	C	Daniel leaned a broad shoulder against the artwork framing the sliding doors .
tr	O	I don 't want to impose or anything , but I could eat , " I say .
tr	O	Your wording is I 'm sorry .
tr	O	A moment later , the window explodes and Stenger and I plummet out into space .
tr	C	He waits until the archaeologist has done the last house on the street before he climbs out of his silver 2002 Porsche 911 Turbo .
tr	O	I wonder if Dean is his nice persona and Holder is his scary one .
tr	C	There were plenty of bounds . "
tr	C	He was dressed in semi-formal attire tonight , finely tailored slacks , a convertible sports coat , silk shirt and tie .
tr	C	" Set me mostly , " he said , barely above a whisper .
tr	C	The cashier hit the wood and moaned .
tr	O	I could see a smile , so maybe he found my pronunciation amusing .
tr	C	" My great-grandmother , you mean ?
tr	O	The ultimate prize for the winning clan ; a golden medal .
tr	O	Someone had loaned him a uniform , so he was all in camouflage .
tr	O	Now that he had recounted the happenings , something still didn 't quite fit the sequence of events .
tr	C	He too , like Bryant , and all macho men , had far-reaching hair .
tr	C	She appreciated it and saw a really down to earth fun guy under his professional organizer .
tr	C	The pelting rain beads in our hair and we shake it out like dogs .
tr	C	With broad shoulders and thick arms that implied a great deal of limbo and battle , but nothing terribly recent .
tr	C	- " So I know a fair bit about where you 've been and what you 've done so far as a young , gifted athlete .
tr	O	Markets have rebounded and life is once again good on Wall Street .
tr	O	A queue formed stretching from the base of the stairs to the table upon which Cook and Dumb Darius served bread .
tr	C	I have to face the truth -- half of my page is already covered with dials , and pretty shameful ones at that .
tr	C	Caden hung his head , his jaw clenching against the realization that , by leaving the tsunami in the mine , he 'd led Viggo straight here .
tr	O	I can access the docking city 's data log from there . '
tr	O	Most of the stones had disappeared into the ground or had been appropriated for other buildings .
tr	O	She was having none of any such silliness anymore .
tr	C	He closed his eyes and clenched the fiddle tightly in his fist .
tr	C	His skin was blossoming , which worried her , but the worry was dim , buried behind the rush and roar of the kiss .
tr	O	They were frequented , the summer also invited to the Fair and was amused .
tr	O	Romulus came to an abrupt halt in front of a dead oak tree growing in the middle of a thicket of bushes .
tr	O	" But first , we got ta get some liquor , because the ambrosia 's sour and my booze connection is - " " POOF .
tr	C	Riesling nodded -- not a touchy commander , but a lover 's diagnosis .
tr	O	" She 's shown nothing but disregard until now . "
tr	C	" Better safe than sorry , " I murmured , and tucked the weapon into the pack at my waist I decided to make that my interpretation .
tr	C	The glass of this entryway was sprinkled with chicken wire .
tr	O	When it beats for the last time , the medallion must be placed against the mark where the soul was captured .
tr	O	Belinda says that you are to wear it when you go to the plantation , " Meredith explained patiently .
tr	C	In her pain , fear had closed her sight to the mojo alive around her .
tr	C	He pulled the top sheet back to reveal an artist 's tiring of a rather splendid Planned Unit Development .
tr	O	They poled their way to the clump of ground rising out of the surrounding water , and Silk kicked at it experimentally a few times .
tr	O	He acknowledges my gaze .
tr	C	I 'll bring the team up and busy myself with some sketches while you 're gone . "
tr	O	Daniel walked briskly into the storeroom and out the back door .
tr	C	The vampire 's knees began to escalate , then it fell to the ground , convulsing as if it were having a seizure .
tr	O	" So what happened to your casing ? "
tr	C	It felt as if we clung to a small , round neckline , adrift in a sea filled with manipulated hate , fear and disgust .
tr	O	He slows at the stop light , turns , and finds my lips , leaving a warm kiss on my mouth .
tr	C	The voice was in the vicinity of a loud bullhorn .
tr	O	His kink wasn 't something to be reformed out of him .
tr	C	He made slow circles on the outside of my light pink panties , obeying my internal engines to full power .
tr	O	It had to be preserved for the camera 's sake .
tr	C	Lucifer is the most creative , skilled , unbelievable racket I have ever seen .
tr	C	He was not much younger than I , but he yielded an exuberance for life that twenty years of campaigning had drained from me .
tr	C	It was hard to see what was happening by the dim light of the contractors , and Ebon seemed to disappear into the shadows as he went .
tr	O	She shivered at how his deep voice rolled out the syllables of her name .
tr	C	His eyes had started grumbling and he was tired and sleepy , so he finally decided to find out where she was from .
tr	O	On the bright side , I thought , he 'll probably never work out where the rum came from .
tr	C	Even though I sensed the procession was gone , I wasn 't going to bet my life , or Nic 's , on that feeling .
tr	C	Will you be finished decorating by then ? "
tr	O	" Shift left " Andrew screams as talon claws swipe out from the wall .
tr	C	" Check out the receivers . "
tr	O	The jury convicted him in less than an hour for murdering the security guard .
tr	O	The backs of the photos include addresses where one can find them .
tr	O	Sean stepped through , slid the first door closed behind him , and scrutinized the tiny space .
tr	O	She 'd already tried to get a refund for the class , which was an unnecessary expense , but it was too late now .
tr	C	The crowd didn 't dye in argument .
tr	O	A girl stood outside Fetch , the high-end pet store , browsing a table of squeak toys and studded leashes .
tr	O	Humming at full volume , she grabbed it from the floor and twirled it over her head to loud applause and whistles from the audience of one .
tr	C	The excitement of the eight year old James is contaminated by his curiosity , though .
tr	O	" Expedite , expedite .
tr	O	My mother , like my father , was an avid reader , and she frequented the library twice a month .
tr	C	Even his namesake , Nicolas II , the last czar of the Romanov tsar , had been imprisoned and killed in Yekaterinburg , where Nicolas was born .
tr	C	' When it starts , it starts quickly , ' observed the advancement , as they hurried to catch up with the younger Deputies .
tr	O	I brushed against limestone walls and sloshed through squishy mud .
tr	O	She hadn 't cared that her commute was thirty miles at the time she opened it ; this was where she belonged .
tr	C	She thought about the black sweets that Frankie had told her about , the ones that people in the raincoat were eating .
tr	C	The philosophers had been tied rather loosely , and I had no trouble at all pulling at the knots with my fingers until they came completely undone .
tr	O	" They 're my children , " she whimpers .
tr	O	It had to be conceded that he had taken forceful steps this week to redress their previous situation , and tonight 's revelations did explain a lot .
tr	O	Unless she survives the change , she will not be accepted , and neither will your children . "
tr	C	' Why 'd someone send you a downside ? '
tr	O	Our canoes rounded a small headland with the slap of waves noisy against the aluminum canoe in the lead .
tr	O	A burned-out feeling , as if a fire had passed over him , leaving him blackened and parched .
tr	O	I was lying on a divan sofa , propped up by cushions .
tr	C	As the flaw in Recent Runes put it : ' He called me in and asked me what I did , exactly .
tr	C	I saw that sedative in the hallway .
tr	C	He is the author of the book of all frequencies . "
tr	O	That way , if someone betrays you , the loss isn 't too great . "
tr	C	Blast shields dropped over the windows , and the gashes began closing .
tr	C	If you can come up with the first $ 100 , I 'll match you the other $ 100 and you can get your heirloom . "
tr	O	He 's on constant lockdown due to his numerous enemies in high places , " Dr. Sparks said , punching away at the gauntlet screen .
tr	C	" I think the whiskers of the piece killed Aaron to cover their tracks .
tr	C	She had a drawer for nothing but essences .
tr	O	He ducked under the first guy 's mace and used his momentum to flip the guy over his head .
tr	C	His cellphone vibrated gently in his pocket .
tr	C	Zook asked himself , Why could he see that vision in the city , now this ... psychopath ?
tr	C	The medic who found him said his torso was almost torn apart with bureaucracy .
tr	O	Most people went to college hoping for an adventure - I 'd be happy with a diploma and a mug with my alma mater on it .
tr	O	I know my read dad was a famous South American singer back in the nineties .
tr	C	My bullshit meter had filled up and apologised .
tr	C	An enormous fountain of blood erupted from the stag 's neck - " Alex , look out ! "
tr	O	The fireball drifted closer ; the heat -- the heat between his legs -- grew .
tr	O	And finally , does he inspire you to want to be a better person ?
tr	C	Tim had disregarded his weapon and now reached across the opening and helped Madeline climb through the window .
tr	O	It can have a similar impact to certain , um , hallucinogenic , substances . "
tr	O	" You mean Ian sold the back pastures to you , " she corrected .
tr	O	They were indeed waterproof .
tr	O	Gran says every soldier says he 's comin ' home by Christmas . "
tr	O	They seem larger than mine , washed-out gray to match her brows with flakes of gold at the edges .
tr	O	The atrium remained untouched , black smoke still drifting from its core .
tr	C	" It 's your proxy , your sponsor .
tr	O	We can have a bit of a chat and swap information .
tr	O	They could not run a plantation on their own ; they would not even be allowed to .
tr	C	He opened the decor and reached in to find a single letter .
tr	O	It was no birthmark .
tr	O	A YouTube link showed Thayer and Laurel dancing a tango at a school formal .
tr	C	It was the Alawites , a Shiite sect that makes up the mural of Assad 's security forces .
tr	O	The rains and the shadow had followed him where he went and started making matters worse for Rachel .
tr	C	" Can we get ownership ? "
tr	O	Those who remained were those who were either of a strong breed , or exceedingly evil , willing to violate any taboo .
tr	C	Her arm burned , and a moment later the pain began to sulk , and her head cleared .
tr	O	It would be a mistake to underestimate this woman .
tr	C	Panicking , he rushed off his line straight at the cacophony .
tr	C	I cannot worry or speculate about intuition or careers .
tr	O	High on its web it hung , a pulsing black egg , a giant ebony pearl with legs , clinging to the ghostly cables .
tr	O	I wasn 't even hurt to any appreciable extent ; bruises and scrapes only .
tr	C	Having said goodbye to himself before , he approached the conversation with the chore he felt .
tr	C	The Medal of her dislike of Will appeared to be over .
tr	C	She lifted a hand to his face , exploring every curve and shrub that had become so impossibly precious to her .
tr	O	It was quite picturesque , she thought , pacing herself against the steep incline .
tr	O	He did not suppose one could make it in under two months by sea , even if the monsoon were cooperating .
tr	O	Andrew was fiddling with his key chain on the front porch when Neil caught up with him .
tr	C	Oh , and athletic equipment , and college premises , and hospital equipment .
tr	O	Collin went to the cathedral near the Gene Search compound early Saturday morning .
tr	O	Moving closer , she wrapped her fingers around the pole feeling the sizzle of the silver .
tr	C	I am so enamoured after seeing your dalliance with my grotto of a brother yesterday . '
tr	C	Lorenzo took a rig with him , but neither have returned . "
tr	O	" You 're going to need a good builder .
tr	O	He cocks his head at me .
tr	C	After a bit of a flint , Cole took a portal charm and headed back to the pack .
tr	O	Her aunt and uncle 's entire house could have fit inside this bedchamber .
tr	O	Now , again I tell you woman , come up on my steed and ride with me . "
tr	C	Remember there were writings about the Sword being needed again . '
tr	O	Each day she would draw a student 's name to be her special helper for activities .
tr	C	My heart swells at the sight of her .
tr	O	Unable for the moment to spoil their grand kids directly , they lavished time on Jack and Amanda , to their delight of course .
tr	O	He swallowed , humbled by her absolute , unquestioning belief in his motives and integrity .
tr	C	" I 'll help , " she said and followed him along the hamburger to the office built up with every conceivable electronic devise .
tr	O	Then stabilizers came out of the sides of the wedge to make the phenomenon come together .
tr	O	Zoe would rather pay with her life than grovel before her .
tr	O	I glanced anxiously from the wounded immortals to the metal rungs rising up the wall .
tr	C	The woods were lively and Isis could hear all creatures , skittering and fuming about .
tr	C	They weren 't going to delay our scores three weeks in a row !
tr	C	If that is the Master 's matchmaking , we want nothing to do with it . "
tr	C	" To a memorable night , " she ambushed .
tr	C	" I have a background in accounting and business standpoint .
tr	O	Ben tapped through a few entries , looking for Jimmy Warren .
tr	C	" But , you don 't realize their powers of being when something collides with their desires , " Sarah retorted .
tr	O	Vin was Soothing his emotions .
tr	C	The president fingered the loophole in his chin and thought hard .
tr	C	After a brief memorial that left him breathing hard and left her looking more than a little rumpled , she was once again slumped in the chair .
tr	O	Laughter died on the gallows with her father and her future .
tr	C	A fortnight had come free from my sloppy pony tail while we were talking .
tr	O	When I took religious orders , I took a vow of poverty as well . "
tr	C	" I would never do anything to ferret that . "
tr	O	On the rooftops and dock - and even on the cake - it 's piling up .
tr	C	I told her no one would think anything of her hair here in New York , but she wanted a more traditional waltz for the wedding .
tr	O	He ranted and raved about his former partner the entire time .
tr	O	Whatever reason Vincent Sorenson had for not contacting us , I just hoped it didn 't have to do with me shooting down his advances .
tr	O	Jeffery Jackson it turned out had indeed been a graduate of the academy 's last class .
tr	C	All kinds of people shied , and I didn 't want to tell her , but computer people were some of the most compulsive .
tr	O	Their appetizers came out and Jasmine found she was starving .
tr	O	Did she feel even an iota of guilt for what she had done ?
tr	O	She followed behind Anya and Becky in the hope of trying to calm her raving nerves .
tr	C	He hesitates to pick it up .
tr	O	" But then when they talked about torturing me - " She felt a sort of spasm go through Damon .
tr	C	I move the nail gun to put another nail into the fitness , but he stops me , grabbing my arm .
tr	C	I unfold the card , now wet from being in the gymnasium machine .
tr	C	It would probably be as disturbing as the ones the police had been dozing over the last six months .
tr	O	He goes to the fridge , pulls out some tomatoes , washes them , and then begins chopping them up for the salad .
tr	C	The rotating platform at the top is bent and snapped almost clean in half .
tr	O	Mr. Earl is always nagging at her to change it , says dinosaurs in this day and age are disturbing . "
tr	O	A strange niggling began to take hold of him .
tr	C	There was a cresting , muscular grace in his stride .
tr	O	Their bearers did extraordinary things .
tr	O	Afterwards , we 'll rake their lines with the gun to keep the Hun 's heads down .
tr	O	I tugged the new sweatshirt over my head , moving as quickly as possible so that the apparition in front of me couldn 't disappear .
tr	C	He took the stick and blossom from the ground wanting from thence to go , but the master said , " Forget not the raven . "
tr	O	" Yes , Rabbi , " I said , " a carpenter will build the House of the King .
tr	O	" Actually , I have to be there early to supervise the setup .
tr	O	She turned away to take a potato and pea salad out of the refrigerator .
tr	C	Scott wiped his sweaty hands on his pants and pushed the throttle to the paintbrush , but the plane barely lifted .
tr	O	I stuffed the iPod in my pocket .
tr	O	Twenty-five minutes from touchdown , directional thrusters fired .
tr	C	" Do you have champagne and kindling around here somewhere , too ? "
tr	O	The economy was sluggish , it didn 't matter what politicians said .
tr	O	Except that no one seemed to care about actually solving the case .
tr	C	" I keep forgetting you have a thank-you card , " Nora said .
tr	C	Brick aimed his brilliance at Bobby .
tr	O	If you 'll join me , then we must speak with the trolls .
tr	C	Of course Linda would beat her to finer , too .
tr	O	" Sold into bondage , you say , when you wear a dress like that ? "
tr	C	# # # # # # # # From Izzy 's journals : Day 7 of fairness .
tr	O	She leaned back in her antique wooden office chair , filling the office with squeaks .
tr	C	Louisa stiffened at the bondage .
tr	O	George was on the side of the underdog .
tr	O	In the back , it featured a society page .
tr	C	If I don 't meet him tonight , he 'll throw away the blindfold .
tr	C	" You could sleep with Arthur and I wouldn 't be administered by you .
tr	O	You 've probably been peed on more than a urinal cake . "
tr	C	He supposed it was easy for an outsider to view his large family as a producer to enjoy .
tr	O	So , I 've been speaking with her for some weeks now , hoping to make her aware of how we might improve our relations .
tr	O	I 'd been walking to the clubhouse to get a soda for my break and I 'd seen the whole thing .
tr	O	Now he was scarring me for life .
tr	C	She drove her fingers into his farewells , warning him not to draw away at his peak .
tr	C	She could never tell if he was joking or serious when he reinforced that she was missing out by not having him as a boyfriend .
tr	C	Rusty had seen the pain that had alienated Eve 's eyes at the mention of leaving them behind .
tr	C	You may curse me and that first generation of breakers for lumping you with all this extra weight on your shoulders .
tr	O	Her leggings were gone a second later and then he snapped open the clasp at the back of her bra and it fell , too .
tr	O	Zoey ( Flipping her hair ) : " It helps me get my way . "
tr	C	" I suppose there are a lot of things you don 't know about me , mister .
tr	C	Outside Alice fought , she kicked and battered , but she could make no biggie .
tr	C	Trisha and I made our way into my apartment , stopping to introduce ourselves to the newcomer .
tr	C	He 's always dragging that giant fireballs of his around ! "
tr	O	" I as in imbecile , " he told the cat .
tr	C	Tasha pulled on her shoe lace asking to be nagged .
tr	O	I was a collector of secrets .
tr	C	It had always been a city that attracted losers .
tr	C	They cannot vegetarian and train an asset .
tr	O	Do you like the garland ?
tr	O	Please tell me so that I can apologise . "
tr	O	They don 't want the crows to eat the seeds .
tr	O	" You learn basic battlefield medicine in the army , and then some , if you hang around the medics and care to learn . "
tr	C	Like his two fellow aristocrats , Colin had had a more peripatetic existence than most , so his accent was gender rather than British .
tr	C	Derek had rejoined her , a knowing gleam in his eye .
tr	C	The sacrifices each donned a sturdy pair of leather shorts over their breeches .
tr	O	Maryse 's cheeks were bright red , her hair straggling around her face .
tr	C	The room had been cleared , the floor swept and beautiful lakes had been put down , rugs covered with flowers woven in the wool .
tr	O	And she didn 't even think about how mortifying the sound was .
tr	O	In the corner was his first surfboard .
tr	O	It came from that way , " the geographer pointed to the northeast , among the trees , " and ground its way that way . "
tr	O	The biggest difference , the difference that ended the settlement on Io , is the volcanoes . "
tr	O	" Why would they work for us , gettin ' only part of the cut instead of all of it ? "
tr	C	She was having no part of this plantation .
tr	C	Perhaps I could bother you for a projection of ale ? "
tr	C	An English monarch had slept in her room till Jesse was twelve years old .
tr	O	This woman had a terrible power of annoyance ; and the rash hurry of his proceedings had left opportunities open .
tr	C	She 'd chosen this outfit because it puckered her eyes and showed off her hard-earned shape .
tr	O	He had never been more in love with her than at this very moment , touched as he was by her feigned dissatisfaction with him .
tr	C	He wouldn 't be found by the gas pipes and the grumbling engines .
tr	O	Please do not participate in or encourage piracy of copyrighted materials in violation of the author 's rights .
tr	O	At one back gate a woman lifted the lid off her bin with a clang , to empty into it the charred remnants of her frying pan .
tr	O	He could flex his fingers now , although not very strongly .
tr	C	I berated myself for what I was about to see , but nothing could 've prepared me for it .
tr	C	Shane hoped that she could use his heartache over their disagreement to manipulate him into tracking the Secretary down for us .
tr	O	Today she was another casualty of war .
tr	C	He had tagged the driver over and over , insisting on abrupt turns , trips down blind alleys , and repeatedly doubled back .
tr	C	Some stood ; others cowered on chairs or settees or the floor , cups of wine or ale at hand .
tr	C	I grabbed a single strand of muddy gold in my mind and unclipped it from the outside as quickly as I could .
tr	C	It 's just so fracking going to all these casting calls for jobs that I have absolutely no interest in .
tr	C	He was tied to the gallows on deck by his throat and wrists .
tr	C	After the incident with the barbecue outside the gate she had not been sure .
tr	O	Anger burned within his albino 's eyes as they traversed the chasm , coming safely to the other side .
tr	C	A large glass baking dish of water , which held a sliver of prosecution , the House medal stuck to the top with a thin sewing needle .
tr	O	But she was also a warrior to her core , an Amazon warrior at that , and they only tolerated men during mating season .
tr	C	She could hear his claws digging down into the hood as he apologised to hold her at the precipice .
tr	C	A shower , she mused , wondering at his sudden penchant for downtime .
tr	C	And then the meaningless discourse , always with a glass of cheap white wine as your only defense against people who wanted to get too close .
tr	O	This time there were no preliminaries .
tr	O	- you realise the horror of your fate , but also its inevitability .
tr	C	There was no doubt it was the end of the line , but Arnie just couldn 't find the dialect .
tr	C	" So you 're not a seizure ? "
tr	C	It 's brightening memories when they aren 't used to make more room in your mind for new ones and something else . "
tr	C	She had just about as much clout , if not more , than Mathew , Steven decided .
tr	O	The large , expensive houses sprang up in neat rows , most likely habitats for commuters to Silicon Valley .
tr	O	Any inkling of trouble and you 'll be sorry , Mr. Franklin .
tr	O	" That you were thieving , I reckon . "
tr	C	I couldn 't send you any energy , if I had condemned myself , because when you do it , you can 't make any exception .
tr	O	Adding spices and onions , she smashed the mixture into a hash .
tr	O	The last thing I wanted was a grilling session where they would both ask questions I couldn 't answer .
tr	O	You 'd think I was a leper . "
tr	C	It was safest , perhaps , to whack in whatever one 's host suggested .
tr	O	No pharma signature on the casing . "
tr	O	I groaned as the enormity of everything I had done came crashing down on me .
tr	O	Her soft skin , her preference to be held in his arms , and the light feminine scent of her skin .
tr	C	He smiled a hateful smile and Angelica saw the flash of a blue gem in his parentage .
tr	O	Her mom would give her a hiding if she knew : Don 't leave the track -- you 'll wreck the ecosystem !
tr	O	" It 's an advanced spell to rid the area of wraiths .
tr	O	He had his back to her as he ordered , but the other four were the jocks she 'd admired so much in high school .
tr	C	My voice softens a little and she takes it as a sign of reluctance to take the quiz .
tr	C	His love was horses and the ventilation .
tr	O	Each of the cages had a large eyeball inside it that appeared to be searching for a way out .
tr	C	She moved her palm up , arousing a soft curve .
tr	C	' Even the greatest monster rips from the most fundamental sensation , ' Justus said .
tr	O	Blind dates rarely ever worked , which was why they had such a stigma attached to them .
tr	O	We were over confident , we were sure we were going to conquer the new giant invaders .
tr	C	Tasha stood up with a cry and lunged for the horse 's hideout .
tr	C	It became quite an embankment , a preoccupation .
tr	O	Josh applied a plaster to Claire 's knee and wiped her other scrapes and grazes with an antiseptic wipe .
tr	O	She calms , if only slightly , and lets me lead her in the right direction .
tr	O	Then the President handed him the platinum medal and his check .
tr	O	" You and Mike eloped ? "
tr	C	Caleb laughed , the skin around his blue eyes sparking .
tr	O	It was not unlike the billowing smoke from the mosaic .
tr	O	" Well , " she smiles , " you aren 't exactly setting any examples there . "
tr	C	He wanted to free his mind from the colonies of sex .
tr	C	I work on it for days , yo , editing , killing time .
tr	O	You , " she said , wagging a finger at Sam .
tr	O	On the right-hand side of the desktop were two folders labeled School Papers and Princeton Application .
tr	O	I firmly pressed the lock into the pedestal .
tr	C	There is no such thing as a social advancement .
tr	O	I cleaned his wounds , nursed him through his last illness and tried to keep my son safe . "
tr	O	He lay awake for a long time that night , re-enacting his encounter with the young girl and digesting all the girl talk of his mates .
tr	C	She slid from the gloomy luminescence into the light of the moon .
tr	C	I don 't fear that the boost of energy would generate a seizure .
tr	O	The storm now raging beneath the surface of her mind was stilled slightly from a hurricane into a mere gale .
tr	C	My obsession with chit-chat and planning was a direct result of my parents scheduling every waking hour of my life .
tr	C	' The bracelets , ' he repeats .
tr	C	There were others , too , like the Mafia , both the Italian and the Russian versions , and the drug arrests of Columbia and Afghanistan .
tr	O	I have a feeling that you 're not the type that tends to let others know when you are really hurt .
tr	O	I nodded and sheathed the blade back into its scabbard .
tr	O	A whole candle , propelled out of the wreckage at a freak velocity , was driven several inches into a door .
tr	O	Chapter Nineteen The constables , sweaty and out of breath , staggered into the room .
tr	C	Most passwords were , and this was Morganville .
tr	O	" We can still find that information if we use the Ox to sort the addresses for us , " Bickel said .
tr	O	" Just toss those in the troughs next to the others .
tr	O	" Well they say that Level Zero is like , an inevitability of that stuff . "
tr	C	We waited several minutes , and then I felt another spoonful , but it wasn 't nearly as painful .
tr	O	How would they find the Song if they did not search for it ?
tr	C	He passed with manslaughter .
tr	C	The twins choked in sync on their beers .
tr	C	Kitty continued her mindless complaining in the background , her head slumping in useless anger .
tr	O	They weren 't comfortable - they were cold and damp - but they 'd suffice .
tr	C	" If we 're alone , put it down to norm . "
tr	C	They go for the best and don 't mind splintering out the bucks .
tr	C	" My point is this : there is a very good chance the third boon is here , on this island . "
tr	O	" That makes no nevermind ; it is these tubs of oiled sand , for Lily to rest her head upon .
tr	C	He extricated the door handle and stepped down to the ground .
tr	C	" If a pact doesn 't take care of that kind of thing , I 'm not really sure what they 're supposed to do . "
tr	C	" We should start now , before the nobles and their youngsters are awake , " Gwen said .
tr	C	Because destiny has marked you out as a revival of great power , you will create great havoc .
tr	O	A sprinkler hissed pleasantly .
tr	C	He sighed , and the big intake and brotherhood of breath helped him steady his voice .
tr	O	Maybe she 's taking precautions , so her belly won 't swell up with a lie .
tr	O	" Personally , I think it 's a little macabre , but then again , I 'm not a profiler . "
tr	O	It was , instead , vampires fighting their own , an offshoot vampire sect who had allied themselves with mortals .
tr	O	" We had the gravity suppression figured out to protect the crews , hidden propulsion ... those guys were so kick ass .
tr	C	She dug her nails into his biceps , attempting to find a way to anchor herself in the building marathon of burning heat .
tr	O	In two hops I 'd be at the threshold .
tr	O	She smiled , turned , and joined the trudging lines of people moving along the sidewalks towards their jobs .
tr	C	One of the kingpins was tailored to be in the witness protection program .
tr	O	Underneath the bean pole were a number of blue flowers which looked rather like blue roses .
tr	O	He wondered whether she 'd defy him openly .
tr	C	A boat moved up through the waters in answer to his shackles .
tr	C	" He has to have a security keypad ?
tr	C	She held up her hand and showed chipped nails with a coil of plum nail polish .
tr	O	Moving gravel or moving copper ore , it was all the same .
tr	O	In the meantime , I don 't want to get anybody wondering whether Max and I have the hots for each other .
tr	C	" You 're saying he 's an accountant again ? "
tr	O	They were both nude , only wearing flip-flops .
tr	O	Jake stepped from behind the mast , " what 're you doin ' up at this hour ? "
tr	O	He lived his life in books and believed in the strict boundaries of bloodlines .
tr	O	With gentle coercion , he instructed them to remain the same , to continue to act as they normally would .
tr	O	" My vendetta , as you call it , was against your father .
tr	C	She 's working over at the barbecue area . "
tr	C	Danny asked his interpretation .
tr	C	We 're going to need that monastery . "
tr	O	I fastened the Velcro a little tighter around his neck than need be .
tr	O	We walked toward the lights slanting through the shadows of pine trunks .
tr	O	" No quickie and no trip either . "
tr	C	After they were done with telepathy , as had become their routine , they put on their coats , and walked Back Up around Nikolai 's neighborhood .
tr	O	Then I lean against the cellar wall , retracing the events of the last day .
tr	C	Two men were coming out of the bombing .
tr	O	Movement in the corner catches my attention , and I dart my eyes over there , finding the handler watching me with a smile on his lips .
tr	O	Ellis 's voice droned on in the background . "
tr	O	" Where 's the aspirin ? "
tr	C	He searched her pale face , hoping to catch a glimpse of humor or irony following her startling delirium .
tr	O	The platonic friendship that builds between Annie and Heath points to a future where each may rely on the other without the bonds a romance would entail .
tr	C	It is not as graceful as the ballerina , but once you 've had a couple of drinks , it 's a lot of fun .
tr	O	Take for example the surfer who was right now giving her a wink and a smile before heading for the water .
tr	C	I look up in hopes of reliving a shooting star .
tr	C	It was dark , but dim floor lights lent credibility to the room .
tr	O	" I doubt that your son-in-law would be happy to learn you offed his most trusted soldier . "
tr	C	Voltaire said , ' the ideal form of government is democracy tempered with lung . '
tr	O	My eyes traveled the yard , washing over the groups of friends swarming the space .
tr	C	Nothing was spared to transport the sacrifices and shakers of Boston and New York in a style befitting their station .
tr	O	She wadded the damp socks up into her shoes and began walking again , picking her way over broken sticks and squishy moss .
tr	C	Everyone is accusing the other side of all manner of crimes and tangles .
tr	C	Where finesse was greatest , mistake was least possible .
tr	O	The same logo was inscribed on the safety helmets , goggles and uniforms worn by the crew .
tr	C	While waiting for the tub to fill , she raided the dresser for clothes other than Liam 's dismissal .
tr	O	Mike walked behind the bar and poured Chris a pint .
tr	O	" The caretaker 's .
tr	O	I need to know what her motivations are . "
tr	C	She had thought that he would have been fighting the girls off , as they tried to coil down his front door .
tr	O	It was a violation of all the senses at once .
tr	C	" We will go spy on the castle as best as we can and bring back stumps .
tr	O	He pointed at the picture of the A. " Well , the A is clearly for parched . "
tr	C	Especially now seeing the two girls in the Bee 's Roller Derby outfits , tight little skirts and tops , even had the colleges and masks on .
tr	O	They burst out of the earth like savage worms , a dozen or more .
tr	C	The screenplay was money .
tr	C	Julie stated as she pulled out several folded up contractors .
tr	O	Patrick still hadn 't returned from storming out of the house earlier .
tr	C	She quickly saved and closed out the document she had been working on before swapping out .
tr	O	" You made no mention of a forfeit before we started . "
tr	O	She was an optimist but also a realist .
tr	O	Mr. Pickering stood up and looked at the youngsters .
tr	C	Berkley and Sutton , both senior to him by ten years , he thought stood more in the tyranny of uncle to Catherine than anything else .
tr	O	She stepped into the area Max had protected from eavesdropping via wind furies and arched her eyebrow .
tr	O	Avoiding her look , I scuttled back to the Rabbit , imagining the eyes of the neighborhood on my back .
tr	O	" I was chasing him , dogging his heels .
tr	C	Christian 's inflection seemed to be more in control of her emotions now .
tr	O	Little dark haired pixie , great jugs .
tr	O	He raised his head and shifted a bit , grimacing as he eased into a more comfortable position .
tr	C	Daemon and Wilhelmina were rebuilding when Cook came in carrying a tray .
tr	C	The vines withered , ambushed and took to the wind in a fine brown dust .
tr	C	In all intimidation I can say that there isn 't anyone in the world who knows AZT as well as I do . "
tr	C	I ran suddenly into the boy ahead of me before emitting from the cold slap of his skin .
tr	C	The shadows shrank and the rays advanced , scaling the hilltops , pelting the wall underneath the window , until they alighted on the window sill .
tr	O	" Druids are private with their abilities , because they are often misunderstood and feared .
tr	C	Clayton had rejoined Elizabeth 's relationships .
tr	C	I heard he is making quite a name for himself at the banquet tables these days . "
tr	C	All of the others reared their heads together , whisked their jaws , and breathed out a black mist .
tr	C	He knew she was so much more than the nickname he had inflicted on her .
tr	O	I fumble to think about something other than yanking Jase back down onto me .
tr	C	You absorb and squash it , but then something or someone is siphoning it off .
tr	O	They tried to outdo each other in every single detail of the upcoming occasion .
tr	O	Her cheeks were flushed pink and her lips were parted , breathing silvery plumes of warmth into the air .
tr	C	Soon we left the cool shade of the bacteria and emerged onto the sunny beach .
tr	C	He took the melting inferno of sundae from me and set it on the backseat floor .
tr	O	Instead of strengthening the wall , we created a city ... a city for the dead ones to feed upon . "
tr	C	I pull the shiv again , a scream rips out of me , and the world goes crimson and wraiths toward dark .
tr	C	But he drew the line when it came to physical examples .
tr	C	That was a beehive .
tr	O	Tula laughed a little , then stepped to the front of the stroller to check on Nathan .
tr	O	He 'd always been the shy , retiring sort who avoided conflict , but the battle with the renegade bots had gotten his blood up .
tr	C	A novelist of real loner ' .
tr	C	Something in his father 's tone raised the gashes on the back of Franco 's neck .
tr	C	" By the order of the Guardians , make this shield retract . "
tr	O	Haven , FDR said freedom couldn 't be bestowed , it had to be achieved .
tr	C	He wondered if that was intentional , or if she had met with someone rough on what had obviously been a night of weakening .
tr	C	Ice had seen many renderings of the monster in books and various forms of relaxation .
tr	O	There were more dangers than Tristan 's henchmen in such a neighborhood .
tr	O	Was it normal for an eight-year-old to snore ?
tr	O	Under the latex skin , my hands were wet .
tr	C	" Excuse me , " Lauren said to the nurse who had come in earlier , shuffling papers and making recordings on her chart .
tr	O	They 'd waded through rivers and dabbled in trigonometry .
tr	C	" Let ´ s leave using the linoleum here , " said the deputy .
tr	C	The pulpit that had been assembled below was gone .
tr	C	" Exactly where do you get the nerve to call my home and ask me something like that , hmm ?
tr	O	Chapter 1 The man on the gurney looked just like Mr. Dempsey , my history teacher back in Ashville , Pennsylvania .
tr	C	" He 's my baby-sitter , guard , barb . "
tr	O	Please don 't tap on the windows or use light flashes , since it will stress the exhibits .
tr	C	So he had just left , biking to the batting cages despite her protests , heedless of the taxis that might follow .
tr	O	Beyond the building , about fifty yards away , was an enormous radio telescope with its dish pointed straight up .
tr	C	He put the brush on top of the cans , took the rag and the cleaver knife out of his back pockets , and stepped back .
tr	C	Only one other man had called her by that grudge .
tr	C	The blood trail painted vicious arcs as I dismembered these bracelets , until only one remained of the second line .
tr	O	She 'd had enough aggravation convincing Dr. Robles to allow a newcomer on the project at this late date .
tr	C	I really was not scrolling to do something special for my birthday .
tr	O	Then slapped his throne , probably because he didn 't have a gavel .
tr	C	His charm and looks had whisked me to jump into bed with him soon after we met .
tr	C	When he saw that the clear light was already welling through his fingers , he thrust it into his boar and held it against his heart .
tr	O	I 'll want a report about your first outing . "
tr	C	" Well , Hell 's fire , the woman 's got some temper when she 's regulated . "
tr	C	My knuckles tightened in fury , the coolness of them brightened with a hungry need to hit him .
tr	C	" Listen , I turned on the TV and saw a news coverage about the incident in the park yesterday .
tr	C	Salary , retirement , correction , BMW , bonus , everything .
tr	O	She 'd dyed her hair a dark brown and was wearing jeans and a hoodie .
tr	C	Either she had found a new -- and badly timed -- interest in delirium or she was considering her options .
tr	C	The neurosurgeon had studied all the scans and sequins .
tr	C	Ridley hopped off the speakerphone , her platforms smacking against the border of the plot .
tr	O	My brother wore his Dodgers ball cap and a mitt .
tr	O	Images smashed my head like a blizzard -- the forest -- the waterfall -- the multiple hands groping me .
tr	C	A female with enough nerve to admit she can be wrong , apologize , and offer to untie the situation . "
tr	C	I groped for a memory to explain it , but my mind was static halo .
tr	O	Her grim determination and unwavering focus arrested Alec .
tr	C	Kane trotted over , his tail high , but he must have immediately sensed the black steed around his partner .
tr	O	He acted as if he was , but she couldn 't imagine anything that sacred coming to the prophet when he had others around him .
tr	C	I find it difficult , too , to make him understand that I am not an absolute cad . "
tr	O	He seemed to watch it dissolve into nothing as it floated away .
tr	O	My grandmother will be awoken .
tr	C	" Well , " she carried on , " I see we have a number of stumps to Cure today .
tr	C	" I always knew boar had a lot of spirit . "
tr	C	" Take the day off and come askew with me .
tr	O	You wound me with your propriety . "
tr	C	" We 're only replaying . "
tr	C	" I bet she could seep down a guy sneaking into a girl 's room , " joked Jill .
tr	C	His hands and forearms were grunting and being covered by a milky , translucent material .
tr	O	She was a qualified physiotherapist , specializing in sports injuries , but she was also an excellent masseuse .
tr	C	" Probably ... " " Gave them coverage they didn 't otherwise possess ... " " Yeah ... " Jack 's bemused grin widened .
tr	C	You also said that you would come to talk of a lasting distrust .
tr	C	She threatened to kick any one of them who refused to help us out of the authenticity and banish him from her temple . "
tr	C	" He squished your training personally ? "
tr	O	I start to worry that somehow my immunity has vanished , when it falls back , pressing against the dirt wall .
tr	C	But this was a perfect opportunity to negotiate the existence of the embankment with his wife .
tr	C	Yet they passed the night after safely here , when their prosperity was ended . '
tr	C	Frothy relics escaped from the elastic of her lips but she squished some more and made raspberry sounds .
tr	O	We really are going to withhold your fees , Roger .
tr	O	I sputter into the sky , but I know it is too late .
tr	C	He extends his eyes and steps in my direction .
tr	C	" To send this boy on the pelican is to punish him merely for being born .
tr	O	There was a lot more to his feelings than he was willing to admit and it was obvious he didn 't want her to delve into it .
tr	O	With the groundskeeper gone into town to run errands for Lady Hutchinson however , he wouldn 't be interfering with what Ernest was about to do .
tr	C	She leaves her sneakers in the lighthouse , she likes the feel of the hot sand on the coolness of her feet .
tr	O	They poisoning our trees , earth , water and air .
tr	C	CHAPTER EIGHT Family portraits at Luke 's parents ' house were always huge events .
tr	C	So many truths tonight .
tr	C	" You can go ahead and cancel the cavalry that 's going to swoop in here and save me , mister . "
tr	C	Many times , LaRouche lead these dials as they came through to each village .
tr	C	Then , offended , " You have called me here to squabble .
tr	C	He bristled with anger , thinking of who could have revealed the location of his hidden village .
tr	O	" Run for it , " I shouted above the mayhem .
tr	O	Blake stares at his logbook .
tr	O	He 's seen the notice that the courts made me publish in the local paper , after I filed my petition for my name change .
tr	O	His baritone voice rolled out the red carpet , enticing her to greater intimacy .
tr	O	Andrew saluted the bouncers on his way by and led the way into the club , bypassing the line entirely .
tr	C	With solar panels , and composting in the yard , and only earth-friendly , perfected material . "
tr	O	A crucifix with a small likeness of Jesus hung on the wall .
tr	C	It was the musician 's ninth strike .
tr	O	Yesterday the husky viscount had been full of blustering bravado .
tr	C	His father was similar , and our pack as a whole has mastered .
tr	O	It zigzagged desperately back and forth , snuffling .
tr	O	Yeah , I 'd been on standby for days now for the call to deliver the drugs .
tr	O	One moment he wanted absolution and understanding .
tr	C	She moved into the sunshine to infiltrate the goose bumps away .
tr	C	His men were waiting for him in their lair as he closed the visage carved door and entered .
tr	O	" Not really tall , with a sum total of seven such ' royals . '
tr	O	Becky started to apologise for the sparse wardrobe the children had arrived with but Mrs Carter waved her excuses aside .
tr	O	So , after finishing a second cup of coffee , he decided it was time to build some bridges with Karla .
tr	O	Bob and Peggy had been living in the Spokane area when Jack approached Bob and asked him to be his AA sponsor .
tr	O	My castle 's pens are filled to bursting . "
tr	O	Richard got a hand on the balustrade and then a leg .
tr	C	My eyes locked on his maroon colored gaze and lingered before my gaze traveled south to his strong nose , angular jaw , and lush kissable lips .
tr	O	Dagmar reached for a loaf of bread and tore it apart .
tr	O	The second place winner will be awarded this splendid black stallion , riding saddle and bridal .
tr	O	The shackle wouldn 't budge any farther no matter how much strength I used .
tr	C	What if they find unusual disappearances in the DNA ? "
tr	C	" Consider that intellect to play hard . "
tr	C	The hatred and the anger burst out from my body like ballerina .
tr	O	I was whisked , as in some dance , to meet one stranger after another .
tr	C	He looked down at the booking form seated before him , lying , " The Florida air must agree with you .
tr	O	The winning knight paraded slowly , raising his lance to the cheer of the crowd .
tr	C	But the scene was good for a photo ops .
tr	O	That would be suicide , and the populace might even resist our attempt .
tr	C	" Have you disowned me , Lord ? "
tr	C	To intercept this rule , the punishment for bleeding in the boat was that we had to clean the boat .
tr	C	Scott , though , had become an increasingly angry young man , and he 'd lugged that anger against Sawyer .
tr	C	A peaceful uninterrupted night was as simple as popping two pills and letting the henchmen take me .
tr	O	But Cory knew that quickness alone would not be good enough to stop shots on goal .
tr	O	The main floor , up a set of six steps at the entrance , is the pawnshop proper , where Bobo Winthrop reigns by day .
tr	O	Gee began to cackle her maniacal laughter .
tr	O	He could barely make out the graffiti on the walls .
tr	O	They defied him ; they needed to be eliminated .
tr	O	Banks turned and walked into the curved " D " at the top of the goalie box .
tr	C	" We were training out of Fort Harrison down in Helena when the illumination for augmentation came out .
tr	O	The rush was strong , ripples swelling in strength , gathering speed and momentum , tearing through her body like a massive quake .
tr	C	I 've yet to meet another zombie who shares my appreciation for those silky scarves .
tr	O	He stopped her tirade when he placed his hand over hers .
tr	O	* * * The others were clustered together beneath the shade tree , children and animals together .
tr	C	There , sitting neatly on a tray , were five hot chocolates topped with tractors .
tr	C	I 've unlocked both sets of hoses . "
tr	O	Then we 'll have an entire regiment on our side , plus a group of confused Forgiven realizing how they 've been played . "
tr	C	They would scavenge from the dead after battle , trading anything they had plenty of to Separatists with large canines .
tr	O	Johnny was the more articulate of the two , and he made some really good points .
tr	C	" Well ... " Another missile goes into his mouth .
tr	O	Once inside his compound , he slowed to a lazy saunter and once more sent a call into the night .
tr	O	I quickly ascend the stairs and climb into the attic , the others are silent .
tr	O	This time , he seemed to have more than needles and flirtation in mind .
tr	C	Two of them stayed inside to check for injuries among the clashing crowd .
tr	C	All plant growth needs only minimum gravity and doesn 't lose nearly as much hassle or strength in lower gravity situations , as does animal life . "
tr	O	I don 't want everything I do to be based on a resource which could disappear any day . "
tr	C	In the end , I pretended that Mark , the photographer , was Nick and I was valedictorian in front of him .
tr	C	If I threw up this horrible meal that would be like spitting in their faces and tarnishing the marijuana I had built as a great rebel .
tr	C	' I 'd need normalcy of that , Lady - ? '
tr	C	Abby was thrown back against the seat , hearing the sound of smashing glass before trotting out .
tr	C	On the street , motors zoomed and honked .
tr	O	People were drifting in and out of the stairwells up from the transit system .
tr	C	" So what 's a beehive that 's harder to do ?
tr	O	Free , giving , passionate , desiring .
tr	C	" Let 's get a prosecutor and let me think . "
tr	O	Andy , do you remember the vets we met in that illegal bar ?
tr	C	" Ugly with an ugliness that worries the coolness of phenomena . "
tr	C	She hadn 't rubbed in her lapel .
tr	C	After the meeting was over , I 'd get Jasper to help , concluding that I could use his big muscles .
tr	C	Amazed by the design , I stepped into the large room and stopped to admire his jibe .
tr	C	Or I may find that filtering my own ship and crew will be more profitable in the long term , thereby freeing up funds in that manner .
tr	O	I push through knots of partygoers : the wealthiest and most important members of the Portland community , everyone scented and powdered and well-dressed .
tr	C	Dressed in a dark blue coat and spices , he made every other man fade to insignificance .
tr	C	' I don 't like drug dealers .
tr	C	I want to be an Earth corporation one day and I figured this was the best way to do it .
tr	O	" Interested in what ? "
tr	C	Ronan steps on its head , takes aim , then digs a knife deep in its brain .
tr	O	Birch and beech and oak , the native trees of Massachusetts , grew thickly all around .
tr	O	The afternoon turbulence didn 't sit well on his stomach , so he flipped off the autopilot .
tr	O	" The hoop is close .
tr	O	Still , they had wanted to do a bit of investigative sightseeing , especially some of the barge havens .
tr	C	The cobbles onto which Mr. Thornton had fallen had been deceived by horses and carriages and foot traffic , his blood already erased .
tr	C	And why would he devotedly be following the guardians of the birds ?
tr	C	Pan spoke into a kidney .
tr	C	We have some extremely important business to discuss before dispatching this afternoon .
tr	C	He captures the way I imagine a soldier would , but soldiers aren 't allowed to wander about as they please .
tr	O	Mom says as she fishes out what looks like a compass from her bag .
tr	C	Death and musk surrounded them , but for that moment , they were all alive , and they were together .
tr	O	" Why should I wait an entire lifetime to hear this ridiculous theory you 've concocted ? "
tr	C	" Is this your way of offering me more rum ?
tr	O	I hope you realize this Declan , no matter how hard it is to hear me rehash those troubled times .
tr	O	Construction meant there was someone around to build it ; a someone , a survivor .
tr	O	When you mentioned the French Revolution , I assumed you 'd read the book .
tr	C	Sometimes in the class I would be interested in some other things when sleep didn 't smother me .
tr	C	The green material the workers sprayed onto the concrete walls had acted like a shipping agent , fusing all the cement together making a near indestructible slab .
tr	C	Fabricated stories about mistresses , bribes , drug use , drunkenness , unpaid taxes , billions in off-shore bank accounts arise like glue .
tr	C	He followed close behind , but his plans were stoned when he ran into Tyler .
tr	C	" Serves the necklace too ! "
tr	C	If I hadn 't already known how important it was to have some designated swain at the Spring Ball , I would be inundated by this time .
tr	O	He would not give these creatures the satisfaction of seeing him crumble , so he forgot his miseries and ran , ran for all he was worth .
tr	O	She was a workaholic , no time for relationships , and she often worked late into the evenings after she came home .
tr	C	A spray of blood slicked the wall .
tr	C	Especially for thirty thousand kilometers !
tr	O	Alex was sitting in one of their cedar chairs with her head bent low .
tr	O	It was simply a room set aside to accommodate the spiritual needs of worldwide travelers of every belief , creed , and faith .
tr	O	" Can 't have any fun and games with the half-breed , so the other will have to learn some manners , " the largest man said .
tr	C	It appeared the gun shot on her temple was made from a small loaf .
tr	O	Hardly anyone has even made a peep of condolence for my swine flu . "
tr	O	He gestured to the storeroom in the back of the workshop .
tr	O	" I 'd be wondering why I was barking , " Francesca contradicted .
tr	O	Then he too came to an abrupt stop as the silken web snared him as well .
tr	C	The etching of bells signaled she had a visitor and Sloane glanced up .
tr	C	And make sure my father admires my will .
tr	O	Chance 's home had been torched .
tr	C	If there was one thing Jackson was incapable of , it was disheartening .
tr	O	It took four tries to form a perfect circle , and another two before the ends lined up and fused seamlessly .
tr	C	His expression told her he didn 't appreciate her commanding tone one hinge .
tr	C	She immediately righted herself in the chair , wrinkling .
tr	O	She crafted a perfect welcome basket that sat on a blue and white plaid napkin with muffins .
tr	C	Jasper swayed a little faster , his shoulders loosening up under my fingers .
tr	C	Our women and children would be especially vulnerable there since it would be necessary to diminish them , along with most of the cargo .
tr	O	Gwen studied the family greeting scene through the lobby windows , firmly suppressing the faint , wistful sensation that fluttered through her .
tr	C	Grabbing their flashlights they began to scramble across the incline towards the tree .
tr	C	Her cell phone continued to make its little keening noises , announcing his call .
tr	O	The bottom lip began to stick out and Claire braced herself for the tantrum that was about to erupt .
tr	O	She loved Gwen and Sean , but felt a thorn had been stuck through her stomach .
tr	O	She hugs her books to her chest as if blocking her heart from me , withdrawing to protect herself .
tr	O	He steals from me .
tr	O	Or maybe the walkie-talkie broke on impact .
tr	O	" I disapprove of such ... unconventional stratagems , Captain .
tr	C	Cascading down the middle of this awesome sight was mewling and churning water hurtling violently and powerfully to a lake below .
tr	O	Patrick refilled wine glasses .
tr	C	I work on my own obituary .
tr	C	Everything about this operation had the stamp of seizure , and she sensed Quinn 's hand in that .
tr	C	" From the first day I came into your house , " he said , " I knew your prototype and your goodness .
tr	O	He dropped the pistol and charged through the trees with his sword in hand as his body kept repairing itself .
tr	C	" And I will be tricking your services to my business associates .
tr	O	Nightshade operatives at that level never know much . "
tr	O	There he was not completely certain that the project had come to completion or was implemented and needed confirmation from Gillette 's own mouth .
tr	C	" So , what did you expect to declare , woman ? "
tr	C	Thibault could feel the gazes of the women sweep over him with more than a little fiercer and , for the most part , approval .
tr	C	Wow , my ex must have flunked out a fortune for these kickass special effects !
tr	O	The nails of his hand were crusted with dried blood .
tr	O	" I was captured in Afghanistan when a local warlord shot down our Chinook , " he said dryly .
tr	O	" If I remember rightly , Cem was a bit of an adventurer . "
tr	C	Don 't try the - Small Talk picks up a particle cannon and levels it at me .
tr	O	" Calm down , " the vampire mutant requested , cringing .
tr	C	" Yes and do you realize after we eat these organisms we won 't have enough money to buy breakfast tomorrow ? "
tr	O	" That 's all it takes to change your convictions ? "
tr	C	" Tell them labs are on the way . "
tr	C	" Is it something that connects us ? "
tr	O	Jace is putting together medical papers for you and he 'll fax them down tomorrow .
tr	C	" I mean , I can 't believe that she 's not dead in the decency , " Porter continued .
tr	O	' We shall relax and refresh ourselves . '
tr	O	There were grumbles coming from Sophia and Marcus , looks like they didn 't have the best night 's sleep either .
tr	O	Great clods of soil had been dislodged by his arrival , and several tall stalks of corn had been uprooted and scattered .
tr	O	" Your family will dominate the galaxy for the next century , I have foreseen this , " Adani put a hand on Anakin 's shoulder .
tr	C	If only they valued the corruption of the idea itself .
tr	O	Ashe went back to his taco .
tr	C	" You might be surprised by my equanimity . "
tr	C	My head fell back to the guesthouse , and my eyes cinched closed , a clash of thoughts behind them .
tr	O	I begged to differ with the flowered apron .
tr	O	But the blinders were off now .
tr	C	When he stopped thinking about the dog , he starting thinking about the way Jase had been blackmailing him .
tr	C	He 's dressed in a grey jacket and dark blue pants , colors that are similar to the black uniforms The cult members wear .
tr	O	He 's no bandit . "
tr	O	She stood , brushed the sand from her legs and met up with him halfway to their campsite .
tr	C	After I finish my criticism , I inch toward the drawer , open it as quietly as possible , and lift the dark envelope out .
tr	O	Lottie looked at me when she said his name , and emphasized both syllables .
tr	O	She debated ignoring the summons , but she 'd be darned if she 'd let Gavin Jarrod think her a coward .
tr	C	He had sewn them to a slow death as a people .
tr	O	You may feel that your two feats of detection have eased the situation - and so they have .
tr	O	Cece knew her next inquiry was inappropriate , might get her thrown out of the room .
tr	O	Deliberately Darius used the plural , reminding Dayan they were a family , together in all things .
tr	C	The car smelled so much like him , like warm radiance and candle smoke .
tr	C	We 're a music school , and you 've basically graduated with weights before you 've started .
tr	O	My mind is racing , and my body still hurts from the sedative and the hijacking .
tr	C	She tore off the walker , crumpled it , stuffed it in her pocket , and hurried in to see Bill Crowell .
tr	C	I sat down at an empty desk in the particle .
tr	O	" In a lawless world , we must illuminate truth with our glow , and create justice by the convictions of our souls . "
tr	O	" I am , but must one eradicate the other ? "
tr	O	So , I will continue throwing out morsels of information to buy time .
tr	O	He turned like a swimmer at the end of a lap and walked back .
tr	O	A light on the end table was the only illumination in the otherwise dark room .
tr	C	But the next morning the big guns started grunting again and the war was resumed .
tr	O	On this planet , our physical lifespan is only a few hundred years before we enter sleep again . "
tr	O	It was probably after your parents disowned you and before you killed your father .
tr	O	" I 'm here to sign forms for the experiment , " he says which shocks me .
tr	C	Whichever it is , he takes the diagnosis , hands it to a page , and murmurs some instructions .
tr	C	Tim bounds across the street and deepens a few cars .
tr	O	Whitney came to the beach house primed for shopping before we flew to North Dakota , so Winkler requested that I go with her .
tr	C	He was African American , appearing in his fifties , broad shouldered and trim .
tr	O	I 'll see to refilling my own glass . "
tr	C	I am opposed to the daredevil of wild creatures , except where strictly necessary . "
tr	C	Unless they shipped out the eyes by having huge jug ears or something like that .
tr	O	Most likely , he would arrive with half his body fused to a root .
tr	C	Surprisingly , it wasn 't jealousy ravaging me as much as concern .
tr	O	I wasn 't used to talking to a guy without the safety net of being able to Erase whatever I wanted to when the conversation was over .
tr	O	Then Peeta starts showing up for our morning workouts .
tr	C	I got shot outwards from my heart .
tr	C	Girls to the left of Kara , the grooves marked a fish symbol over their faces .
tr	O	" The little coffee trailer with the fading red stripe -- you haven 't seen it ? "
tr	C	She was at the hospital working in brambles until four .
tr	O	We 'd need the antidote to awaken him .
tr	O	I began to control my breath , slowly breathing in and out to try to regulate my heartbeat , along with the thumping pain .
tr	C	She needed to stop thinking this way , she admonished herself , not for the first time .
tr	O	Chapter 3 There were no great revelations at work the next day , and not a single outstanding incident .
tr	C	She wore white stripe , embroidered in blue about the hems and cuffs . '
tr	C	Perhaps if she were a police officer , this would be illegal search and prototype , but she wasn 't sure what her legal standing was here .
tr	O	" I can 't even keep myself together , much less a legion of dead people .
tr	C	Ramon , an itinerant laborer with the whitest teeth imaginable smiled and handed Abe one of the brown paper bags that contained their huts .
tr	C	Steve simply followed him whilst contemplating what his first strike would intrude .
tr	C	What about the cotton glacier ?
tr	O	In that split second , she was already starring to act , to jump back through the doorway , but she never got the chance .
tr	O	The sun was climbing back into the seasons , enabling the tradesmen to work without artificial light until the celebration of the Archangel Michael in September .
tr	O	" Tracking ... what tracking device ? "
tr	O	" If you 're volunteering , you 're more than welcome , " Wyatt said .
tr	C	As if there was no other option , he began self-consciously at the rest of the ropes around the woman 's tail .
tr	C	Molten warmth quivered through her as he tasted her , explored her , left her gasping with the heated , moist cleft of each caress .
tr	O	" Once you 've been convicted of something , everyone thinks you 're guilty of everything , no matter what .
tr	O	Got a hangover or just overslept . "
tr	O	Intelligence , integrity , honesty , serenity , and an appreciation for every element of the universe were traits to be protected and respected .
tr	C	Stop being a fanfare .
tr	O	Caroline always thought there was nothing bad about Trevor , that he had no flaws , but he 'd changed dramatically since they got engaged .
tr	O	I leaned forward , my interest heightening .
tr	O	And then , three days later , he took an overdose of pills . "
tr	O	I opened the door and stepped inside before she had a chance to scoot past me .
tr	O	" Someone 's making hydrogen . "
tr	C	I grinned back at him and took a liberation of beer .
tr	O	The needle had been contaminated with the AIDS virus .
tr	O	I try pushing it off as it crushes me under the weight of its body .
tr	O	Those were the last words Bryan said before he hailed a cab for me and sent me home .
tr	O	" Only if I was to act in a way that threatens the House .
tr	O	Elliott opens a chest sitting in the corner and scoops out an assortment of coins , pouring them into several small leather pouches .
tr	O	This time , I 'd had the foresight to bring the newspaper article , in the hopes it would make a stronger impression .
tr	O	He was a born chameleon , blending in wherever he was .
tr	O	Whatever the meaning or origins , it was a tradition , and great fun .
tr	C	I was going to give you a little retribution .
tr	C	Think of the new life , The stirring of dormant bulbs .
tr	O	Like magnets , their lips drew together .
tr	O	Gareth held the man there , like that , for a good sixty seconds , until finally , he felt him slumping in his arms .
tr	C	" Wow , " Micha says as he turns in a circle , rubbing his tormentor as he examines the kitchen .
tr	O	Let 's repeat the end of that last scene so the lighting guys can get their glitch fixed .
tr	C	" I didn 't convert , Callie .
tr	O	" Oh God , oh God , oh God , " Heather chanted .
tr	O	But then Kate 's phone rang , and she took refuge under the awning of the coffee shop behind them to answer the call .
tr	O	His blow connects at my arm , but the cut seems shallow enough .
tr	C	It didn 't relocate since it was the real deal this time and not just an illusion . "
tr	O	She didn 't care that he thought his position validated .
tr	O	I think about the younger generations , the children , the most innocent of all bystanders .
tr	O	the voice of the vicar broke into her trance and Maggie was suddenly aware that she was experiencing extreme pain in her stomach .
tr	O	We stumbled inside , tripping over a clutter of jackets laying on the ground near the coat closet .
tr	C	Here and there they found enough to get by in a garbage can at a deserted cathedral or a water pump that was still functioning .
tr	C	And you are his kidney . "
tr	C	We have a special niche business for adventurous undertaking with money to spend .
tr	C	Already dark memories were affecting her dealings with a man , blanketing everything .
tr	O	" Our recent expansion required a substantial increase in revenue and for obvious reasons , it isn 't there yet . "
tr	C	And now that she 'd accepted who he was , what he was , his grandness felt coerced somehow .
tr	C	Willow 's body was still healing , and it tingled from unfolding the numbness that had gripped her .
tr	O	Suddenly these old truisms were solid truths in her mind and heart .
tr	O	Worry knitted her brow .
tr	C	This is a mission of confinement !
tr	O	Shouts were heard outside and some slaves appeared close to the brass bars as they tried to properly sit up from the jumble they were in .
tr	O	Pratt and his cronies were laughing loudly about some funny remark .
tr	O	Splintered boards , broken glass and bricks from the chimney all rose again , like a video in reverse , erecting the old manor house again .
tr	O	" Perhaps he was afraid of undermining you . "
tr	C	After further analysis , the compartment reminded him of being inside a giant oaf .
tr	O	" I can 't wait until I get my choppers into these . "
tr	C	Earth peanuts and diggers scuttled round , like termites , loading the belts to sate the beast 's appetite .
tr	C	You don 't want to waken the whole street against us .
tr	C	" Good point , but I 'm not going to stop vacuuming just because you 're a light drizzle , " I argued .
tr	C	" It 's not as easy as harvesting , huh ? "
tr	O	The truck powers out of the parking lot and into the busy afternoon traffic like a bulldozer .
tr	O	The magnet field of this planet was forty times that of Earth 's .
tr	O	She was supposed to attend a luncheon tomorrow to finalize all the details .
tr	O	A chronograph needing only Gideon 's blood to close the Circle !
tr	O	The hermit blanched , scrabbling against the man 's iron grip .
tr	C	Hawk wanted desperately to go see Antonia perform within the faery , but he reminded himself that he needed to be cautious .
tr	C	The hiss grew to a storm of heavy jamming .
tr	O	Her heart compressed as she waited for him to confirm or negate her suspicions .
tr	O	" You 're the empath , Amber , what did you sense ? "
tr	C	He carefully punched the studs on the phone , peering carefully at the display to make sure he 'd struck the right ones .
tr	C	Its floorboards unraveled the width of a dozen trunks .
tr	O	The well-lit store was complete with tall aisles of wooden bookcases that towered over me .
tr	C	He said , " Mr. Quinn , I will be eyeballing you this morning for excessive speed .
tr	C	She didn 't like to grieve -- it made her feel a snoop .
tr	O	What 's the point of studying literature if you 're just totally going to hack it ? "
tr	O	Even now , when I look back on it , I nearly sprain my arm trying to pat myself on the back .
tr	C	" Come on , even you know that in all those old shows , dealers like canines and trucking companies to move the merchandise .
tr	O	I wanted to pat my broken vagina on the back .
tr	O	" If she is telling the truth , " another man added , " then who killed our comrade ?
tr	C	Not to differ on myself , but I 've learned every aspect of the business , and I 'm good at it .
tr	C	And yes , he would have goaded the blonde with those talented hands and seeking lips .
tr	O	The cheesecake shuddered as the Tyrannosaurus stopped leaping upward and ripped directly into it , biting and clawing .
tr	O	Even in doing so the lighting strike showed white through his closed eyelids and the percussion of the thunder sent him staggering .
tr	C	She always occurs . "
tr	C	Yet this is perhaps not quite sufficient to justify the cheesecake .
tr	C	Thick smoke from the ceiling panned upward in a dark , coiling pillar .
tr	C	Halle really should get round with her noose more often .
tr	C	I spaced out as her level voice captivated me into a semi-conscious state .
tr	C	Fifty-two years before the Colonies ' destruction - The revolution of the Colonies ' mechanical servants begins and hesitates for twelve years .
tr	C	It was rich and fertile , yet for some reason refused to endorse any crop of any kind .
tr	O	Caleb slows almost to a crawl and I crane out the window .
tr	O	He chose to drive us himself in the silver Mercedes , smoothly maneuvering through the New York traffic , darting from lane to lane .
tr	O	On the eastern shore the land was rolling hills , more prairie than forest .
tr	O	Heba , herself , opened a copy of Vogue to show photographs of celebrities at some big premiere in Paris .
tr	O	The thought actually makes me want to hurl .
tr	C	Sounds like it wasn 't his idea , that it was forced upon him , but I don 't want to apprehend him .
tr	C	We all clubbed together .
tr	O	" You broke the shuck handle ! "
tr	O	If he didn 't convert her , she was right , they would have a difficult life , maybe the same slow , living death either way .
tr	C	But it wasn 't explicable , because there was nothing in Beth 's mental background comparable to a disbelieving father .
tr	O	The cell phone on his desk vibrates and he gives me one last look up and down .
tr	C	He had no choice but to clarify the newest danger to Antonietta .
tr	O	My stomach was making gurgling sounds that made it impossible for me to deny the inevitable .
tr	O	Daniel stood strong , unflinching .
tr	C	WHEN IT RUNS OUT , SHE WILL KNOW .
tr	C	There on the rumpled sheets were bits of the green banker 's foam , mixed with clumps of dirt and grass .
tr	C	The alcohol numbed my face , inventing the sting of the cold .
tr	C	" How is he quitting ? "
tr	O	He always chooses me first .
tr	O	" Might we save our domestic disputes for some other life-threatening circumstance ? "
tr	C	Then Miss Peregrine tapped the ground with her platinum three times , then ten times , then five .
tr	C	He said he would be writing about the incident anyway so it would be in my best interests to give my side and avoid prosecution .
tr	C	Let me withdraw the barb and start the divorce paperwork .
tr	C	They soaked it up like a hunk .
tr	O	She hadn 't bought into my charm , into my practiced flirtation , and that alone made me want to get to her .
tr	C	The thought fanned the rage in him as well as his sexual escapades .
tr	C	How would one elicit a living book , whose stories never ended ?
tr	O	" Like you , I also went to college , but at the University of California in Berkley , and I studied biology . "
tr	C	He nodded , still staring ahead , obviously disguised by the scene in the movie where the hero gets the girl .
tr	O	Not just some flippant , obscure directive that has virtually no effect on the game , but a huge great whopping one .
tr	O	Halfway down the gangway , Maya stops , turns and looks up .
tr	C	Even now , the plant grows and listens to take you from me .
tr	O	Just when he thought she was going to balk against telling them exactly where the caves were , she slipped silently from the woods .
tr	C	The last things the guard picked up were the glimmering knives .
tr	C	The distortion was tall and bulky , and his thick silver hair contrasted sharply with his leathery brown skin .
tr	O	" Stop Jackie and we will hand over the Major to the medics . "
tr	O	As the safety net of his tongue reached beneath it , relaxation allowed the faint shimmering of his hand to cease .
tr	O	" My being underfoot seemed to be a detriment to all your plans . "
tr	C	Usually they go out and kill a bear , or a poncho , or some animal .
tr	C	But the pigeon kept her quiet , and I told myself again that there was no harm done .
tr	O	Hatch 's confidence about distractions from partners on the job suddenly took on a whole new complexion .
tr	O	We were crossing a high bridge on a railroad line heading west .
tr	O	He wondered what on Earth his chicken nugget had to do with any part of this conversation .
tr	O	They were being hustled inside so as to avoid crowding the streets .
tr	C	All this apparent ordinariness was absurdly deformed by that ridiculous Enforcer 's uniform .
tr	C	I didn 't shrink from passing cars or propriety .
tr	C	I rushed to the door , scooped him up , assisted him and crooned at him .
tr	C	' Show me to your poisoning , and I 'll show you to my credit card , ' I nodded at him .
tr	C	" Ellison bought it for me after mine was stumped . "
tr	O	Now they were so faded they could have been a pile of cow pies .
tr	C	His aura enveloped her , his hunger penetrating her chins , yanking at her .
tr	O	" That 's because it is gin . "
tr	C	" Let me clarify that , " I said .
tr	O	" After Mary Jo moved out , my brothers and I didn 't have that much silverware between us . "
tr	O	Eric pushed himself from the fireplace and came to her , the first flickers of fire shadowing his tall , naked body .
tr	C	The God of profanity was as much a prey to mortal decline as anyone else .
tr	O	But ... a meltdown ?
tr	O	I draw a small crowd between subway arrivals , and one man yells out , " Do you take requests ? "
tr	O	Jace opened his eyes on a silver whirlpool .
tr	C	Altair stole a glance from beneath his armpit .
tr	C	You see , humility has been here for a long , long time .
tr	O	She fancied she heard Jack ' voice but could not be certain of anything on the colossal framework above .
tr	O	" Arms and legs out ! "
tr	C	Let Eva know that no patients should go beyond the manufacturing building today .
tr	O	He had been under a lot of stress lately and he was ready for a little tension breaker .
tr	C	Sarah returned the photograph to the crib and picked up a small , wooden bird .
tr	C	If you partake too deeply of blood or fluids during the revival process it will not leave the body strong enough to contain the spiritual energy . "
tr	C	" I thought you said you were allergic to liver ? "
tr	O	" There 's banana pudding . "
tr	C	" I want another look at the outcropping in that damned vision , " he admitted bluntly .
tr	C	The woman behind him stopped fuming , turning to following him just a few feet off his bumper .
tr	O	Trust Gavin to skirt the issue and go straight to the one that was triggering his jealousy .
tr	O	There was a sound , sounds , screams and barks and then a howl .
tr	C	He bowed to His Majesty , joined Monsieur to watch the fitting , and put out the smoke just quickly enough to avoid any suspicion of get-together .
tr	C	Like we haven 't already bustled into major awkward territory .
tr	C	Her thin hair lay flat and unwashed around her face and her huge eyes stared out from sunken shadowed surfaces .
tr	O	This cubby was organically furnished , and under the old law warranted a heft of supply chits that converted easily to food coupons .
tr	C	At least I could count on him not to perish .
tr	C	" You haven 't even -- " " Convince me the theatrics , Miss Sommers .
tr	C	Did this Asha ' man say who gave Rand permission to commit such an award ? "
tr	O	One of the attendants spoke to Hammond , and gestured to one of the blue dragons .
tr	C	Jessica had her hands on his chest , pulling him towards her by the incline of his t-shirt .
tr	O	As we drove through downtown Portland , he droned on and on about the architecture and history of buildings .
tr	C	And to think she balked at a harp back when they 'd lived in California .
tr	O	But he 'd reached his house now , the one with a grand old oak tree shading the porch , so he had to get out .
tr	O	In the morning I went to the court ; my lips and throat were parched .
tr	C	A number of house cats squawked in the shade .
tr	C	" Right -- the alchemist 's program -- Okay .
tr	O	For all Douglas 's assurances , she still had that slight fear of his reactions .
tr	C	Max said , ' When I faxed off the death notices , I attached a press release in the hope the city papers might imply something . '
tr	C	The shiny brass buttons and nitrogen had been replaced by brushed silver .
tr	O	You will be informed when he accepts .
tr	O	He returned my kiss with fervor .
tr	C	If only he hadn 't left her ; if only he 'd stayed here ... But he didn 't have time to exonerate himself .
tr	O	Your contributions to QT this semester are astonishing .
tr	O	His strong hands molded and shaped this earth .
tr	C	Turning back to the patient gardener , she sang , " What do you have for me , sir ? "
tr	C	Serge was well known for waging a successful club that was packed every night with regulars drawn from the global Who 's Who list .
tr	O	Considering my prospects for the night , it was laughable to think of now .
tr	C	She wasn 't sure how a wagon or a rebuttal could get through the mire the roads would likely be in this thaw , so she shrugged .
tr	C	Deep down Thomas believed it , too , and was only arguing to vanquish it in his own mind .
tr	C	She 'd never pitied simply because a situation turned ugly or uncomfortable .
tr	C	Her death will reach out like a stellar explosion along all these tangled heaps and kill us . "
tr	O	He 's standing alone , observing the festivities .
tr	O	Jane 's curves molded to his hardness .
tr	O	The rails had stayed closed and the piglets continued to alternately cower and zip around the small space .
tr	C	Normally , Tom barely even looked up from the advancement that was consuming him at the moment .
tr	C	Karen doesn 't force me to eat carrion , so unless I 'm home , I usually eat what I want .
tr	O	But as she neared him , something inside her , some oft ignored instinct , told her to proceed warily .
tr	O	The waiter brought their soups and they dug in , comparing their reactions .
tr	C	" Did you explain our carts and what we can and cannot do ? "
tr	O	I knew exactly what kind of scum he was .
tr	O	With a roar of fury , the beast burst free of him , clamoring for death and destruction .
tr	O	" You need 112 to open the mirror after you 've sensed ilie presence of the wraith , but before you 've actually confronted it .
tr	O	Funny ... all the things one tends to catch when one is drunk .
tr	C	Cars honked , people yelled , Books spilled heavy exhaust fumes into the air .
tr	O	Trent peels himself away from me and steps forward , pulling out his wallet and another wad of cash .
tr	C	The wall of Aether churned and simmered ahead of him ; Sable 's pilots had turned the craft parallel to it .
tr	C	The two coffees then shoved him out the door into the alleyway behind the Mark Hopkins Hotel .
tr	O	A great white bird , as tall as he was , taller , willowy as a reed .
tr	O	She started to unbutton the shirt she was wearing , baring her throat , her collarbone , the tracery of faint veins visible beneath her pale skin .
tr	O	The water was thick with minerals , not like our ancient world , and we could hear the abundant life swimming in the distance .
tr	O	The arm that he had used to deflect my bolts rose up and pointed in the direction of the Spiral .
tr	C	" I mean they 're slow even for normal stunts .
tr	C	Or worse ... could she possibly have allowed herself to be obtained by Bowman ?
tr	C	Imagining him swooping over the scrapbook was enough to make her rush into the house and demand her mother make amends with him .
tr	C	Then he closed the spaceship door , and grabbed for the empty lead case , which was starting to float away .
tr	O	' Not really necessary , ' said the god , as the blue ball vanished and revealed the pinnacle of creation . '
tr	O	One boy and one girl wore skins , the animal fur pulled down so their eyes peered from a wolf 's face .
tr	O	That made me feel I 'd overstepped .
tr	O	" How can you despise that which you instigate ? "
tr	C	I shivered , burrowing deeper into my coat .
tr	C	Standing in the doorway and blocking my only exit was a pack of four girls , each wearing the same red muck .
tr	O	" Okay , cake time , " a male voice boomed through the loudspeakers .
tr	O	" We are expended " .
tr	C	He didn 't have time for volleyball , so his face was burned from their time in the sun here .
tr	C	You 're a quick getaway and you 've got big balls of steel .
tr	O	He felt her shiver in response to the gentle lapping of his tongue , the heat rushing through her body , the pressure building slowly .
tr	O	The bellhop offered to call a cab and Steve took him up on it then remembered he wasn 't sure where he was going .
tr	C	And it all hissed like a squirming nest of poisonous components .
tr	O	He cast a hardened blow into its face , which it evaded by dipping head down .
tr	O	You need to untie me .
tr	O	If I wasn 't so injured , I would ask for a rematch . "
tr	C	It was whisked into the palms of her hands !
tr	C	But here inside Max 's vast loft apartment , she was shielded in a surplus of desire and love .
tr	C	It didn 't take a genius to figure out she was going to put some outgoing letters in her hairline .
tr	C	I picked up the heavier item , but definitely left the awkward bits for her to resonate .
tr	C	I dissipate quickly , but Ashton is facing me and sees the entire thing .
tr	O	I could woo you with stories about my life , like Othello does Desdemona . "
tr	O	It 's not really that interesting , just a lot of soul-searching and long hours to mull things over .
tr	O	My dad thinks the doctor wanted a payoff . "
tr	C	He ran a hand down his face as if fighting the departments she felt .
tr	O	Glancing at my reflection in the window beside us , I wondered how I could have ever competed .
tr	C	What if she could get a foothold and live ?
tr	O	There was a picture of a man with a pair of binoculars around his neck , holding a kite , standing in front of a castle .
tr	C	Let him go snooping with sharks and have his dick get bitten off . "
tr	O	Or maybe Anderson Cooper ( despite the rumours ) .
tr	O	Whatever chore you left undone so you could follow us will come back to haunt you in the end . "
tr	C	With a chorus of " my bounds , " the men dispersed to their tasks .
tr	O	I will not let you out of that contract no matter how you try to entice me . "
tr	C	They probably won 't slay every shrub they encounter . "
tr	C	He surmised this day for everything was going his way .
tr	C	" A drizzle , " said Theo " The next task that Hercules faced was the boar .
tr	C	I 'm going to injure you an artist , and you 're going to investigate his mental state and link it to his work .
tr	O	" Doctors think they know every fucking thing .
tr	C	I smile absently , the hairs on the back of my neck prickle as his breath increases .
tr	C	... is just a term people use to invent things they don 't understand .
tr	C	" If this ' ding ' means getting hit on by a bunch of old guys all night , I 'm going to be pissed . "
tr	C	I wrenched my attention away from the television and took the boarding pass back from the hospice worker .
tr	C	His voice was pulsating with desire , which only increased the growing ache in my sex .
tr	C	Next time I 'd declare her to the Underworld as soon as I saw her face .
tr	C	' Well , cabs .
tr	C	I jerked at the dinosaur his touch produced .
tr	O	He murmured his thanks as she placed the plate in front of him , then refilled his coffee cup .
tr	O	He let his jaw hang briefly , before slowly saying , " You 're saying ... that you wan na accept me ... as a disciple ? "
tr	O	I couldn 't understand the thought process that would allow a race to be so lackadaisical with the defence of their community .
tr	C	The kitchen was modern , with an enormous aluminium refrigerator , marble top antics , and a top of the range espresso machine .
tr	O	I will flay you alive .
tr	C	Its festering presence thrives even during the short tether between the writing and reading of this note .
tr	O	The Zombies have also adapted .
tr	C	" It 's another lost artifact from Delphi , representing Zeus 's lightness .
tr	O	We would never intrude into anyone 's thoughts , unless their safety demands it . "
tr	O	She sustained some nerve and tissue damage , and we 're keeping her under observation , but she 's a very lucky girl . "
tr	O	' But she 's not elected , ' Lola said .
tr	O	Let us learn more and then return to our fellows .
tr	O	His cloistered existence at the RDI had ill prepared him for the realities of the wider world .
tr	C	It disturbs you for rituals and worship the others cannot partake of . "
tr	C	They remind me of shark egg noodles .
tr	C	When it was over , Olivia lay stunned , clinging to her husband as the only anchor in a troupe of decadent pleasure .
tr	C	A distortion of blood dropped onto her face and she saw that an outcrop of rock had torn through his arm .
tr	C	The little R that Toshi had left him in her decorated tree put a smile on his face .
tr	C	Suddenly , the ground below her feet shackled .
tr	C	When I remained silent , he added , " I didn 't vacate your mouth this time .
tr	O	My mother stared at me in sudden consternation .
tr	O	He leaned over the desktop to make sure Clements could hear him this time .
tr	C	He coughed and nearly floored .
tr	C	" Every girl has time to mess with her hair , " Ivy grits .
tr	O	From all directions , swooping down were the leathery winged creatures attacking the ATV .
tr	C	Well , he and two friends are in a golf tournament in San Jose and need a vinegar .
tr	C	" Taking it all in one last time before the throngs converge and I rarely get a moment peace to enjoy the beauty of it . "
tr	C	The abby joined them .
tr	O	I though the Amaranth tribe did not associate with outsiders .
tr	C	Cardinal Mazarin in France sighed a treaty with Cromwell 's England , and the Royal Family had to clarify here . "
tr	O	Had that been what his therapists meant ?
tr	O	Jeff filled the bucket with seawater before heading below deck .
tr	O	Whenever the wind gusts , the swarm sinks , hangs near the ground .
tr	O	The adjoining room had been outfitted into an extensive playground of fourth floor proportions , and the space was dominated by a huge , caged bed .
tr	C	In a lunar year every animal would come there looking for water .
tr	O	A knife was placed on the inside of each shin .
tr	O	It was like a punch to the sternum .
tr	O	As I walked toward the door , I noticed the shiny Gold Amex Card on her bureau .
tr	C	The sky was beginning to lighten through the cracks in the rocky chimney .
tr	O	" Dad , I promise you if you teach me I won 't initiate anything .
tr	O	Maude nodded and walked over to Sydney , wielding a wand .
tr	O	She wiggles her arm up between us and then places her hand on my cheek .
tr	C	" Nicole and her team have taken on explosives which neatly mirror those the Hun royal families have used down the ages .
tr	C	I incline my fingers out in front of me , not telling her that I did it on purpose .
tr	O	At first I was afraid the sludge would splash up all over , but the shield protected us , and there were hardly any splashes anyway .
tr	O	At that moment , a stag appeared half-way up the hill , beside the dry creek bed .
tr	O	The Librarians were raising their guns in excitement , as if they 'd just felled some fearsome beast .
tr	C	" I will appeal to him on the gorge to change his mind , " she said with weary determination .
tr	C	A sucker for fliers ? "
tr	O	Hank Adaline refused to write a piano accompaniment .
tr	O	Say you will leave this blasphemy , that God has a son .
tr	C	She was being watched , by one of Daniel 's fellow outcasts .
tr	C	" I see you 're wearin ' those glyphs again . "
tr	O	Those contracts were coveted everywhere ' ' Uncle Bert returned from the war to find his agency had been appropriated by Walter -- stolen ! '
tr	C	I 'd taken several pictures of it and reopened them to Bern .
tr	C	She pointed at Megan , who winced , like Nuala was about to shoot baskets from her fingertips .
tr	O	Questions were asked in Parliament , opposition parties called on the Government to stop acting like bullies .
tr	O	We have a covenant made after all .
tr	O	The intensity of the movement , the crudeness of his question , electrified me , made me groan , suck in a quick breath through my teeth .
tr	C	I gritted my teeth and scorned my spirit use .
tr	O	He held up his right hand and looked at the pale splotch on his palm .
tr	C	She confessed to communicating to him through " wrecking " out sentences on the keyboard .
tr	O	Was that derision in her tone ?
tr	C	" Not playing with stone and toughness . "
tr	O	Father rowed us back across the estuary at the mouth of the River Arend shortly before dawn .
tr	O	The old man stared across the ravine .
tr	C	" To completing the story , " she intruded , and the room echoed with the soft ring of glass on glass .
tr	C	And as for the final conclusion of the grapefruit ?
tr	O	With her heart in her mouth , Claire glared down at the black rectangle and silently cursed the terrible timing of the call .
tr	C	" Well that 's convenient , " I muttered and looked up at the photos featured on his wall .
tr	C	But don 't you want to see all the lakes ? '
tr	O	" I suppose there 's always a first time for jumping out of airplanes , isn 't there ? "
tr	C	He was completely uninhibited , tasting her with his entire mouth and tongue , grating on her like he 'd never be satiated .
tr	C	Rosie was at his side as the restaurant 's revolution started vibrating in his pocket .
tr	O	Here is balance , elegance , and loveliness on a macro scale .
tr	O	Todd glanced at his father-in-law .
tr	C	The older boys were taking the explosives into the house .
tr	O	Was perdition the only recompense of righteousness ?
tr	O	Someone seemed to be editing the editors .
tr	O	Weakened as she was , imprisoning her was simple .
tr	O	The doctor knew the family very well , and will stay overnight to grieve with the family and the village .
tr	O	He 'd been fascinated by Lestat 's audacity ; yet the masquerade as rock star was so simple .
tr	O	" Sell your fancy boots if you have to . "
tr	O	" They are perpetrators of countless problems befalling the public . "
tr	C	" Tell the helicopter to back off that gong .
tr	O	You will see that project through to completion at the dance next Friday , and then the following week , you may switch .
tr	C	Not a paragraph , not a gray hair .
tr	C	He ate the fireballs and the crabs , but only because Jake had .
tr	O	I trust my death will render it of no further consequence and that you and Judith will be reunited .
tr	C	" It 's a swoon , " he said then gave her the number .
tr	O	Kincaid was in his sixties , a gray monochrome of a man , physically , mentally and emotionally .
tr	C	In all his fluids , he had never thought to be asking such a question .
tr	C	" Now I don 't know you and it is very rude to ram into someone else 's home . "
tr	C	Chapter 9 Rachel ate her lunch in her classroom , hoping that Jennifer would show for her juggle .
tr	C	He did nothing but frown and turn to walk inside the skyline .
tr	O	He felt precious little satisfaction over gaining his mother 's capitulation .
tr	O	You had to get into the psychiatrist 's head to see how he solved what was happening .
tr	C	" And thereto I coil my troth . "
tr	C	A forcible confinement followed .
tr	O	Already a crowd was gathered together in a large part of the yard viciously cheering on a violent match between a pair of cobbled together construction bots .
tr	O	" I need to adopt that little birdie , " he said , looking at that little birdie as she excitedly helped Alex search ancient Rome .
tr	O	" Adding something like this will visually add texture and softness .
tr	C	Help me find an architect 's necklace .
tr	O	The son testified against the father and was later murdered by the farmers .
tr	C	Spinning a 180 and nearly colliding with a large , red pickup truck ; Wayne now traveled east and hugged the bend that tacked south .
tr	C	A lot of the extra free time I had , I spent looking at scholarships and sprinklers and working on homework .
tr	O	Morgan smiled to see the look that passed between her half-brother and sister .
tr	O	He ventured to the very edge of the land where the old mausoleum had once stood and the sensation of vertigo struck him .
tr	O	He calls it his hideout .
tr	O	He lifted his head and blinked away the muddy residue .
tr	O	My heart cringes , expecting him to say " No , that was just to rile them up " .
tr	C	My aunt and I have just had a dreadful hypocrite .
tr	O	" I didn 't mean to sound condescending . "
tr	O	Kira snuck down the stairs cautiously , berating herself for being so curious .
tr	C	By the time a doctor came out to talk to the hourglass in the waiting room , people were miserable and angry and wretched .
tr	C	I love brushing my hair or hooking it because the brush or comb just slides through neatly .
tr	C	The gauntlets power knocks Link from his greatness , sending him twirling back to the ground .
tr	O	Outside a man shouted greetings as two boats passed and then the noise faded .
tr	C	We stand in a rapist for several moments .
tr	C	You 're the reason I 've had to spend all this time dozing .
tr	O	He spoke to the journalist sitting at the desk next to his own .
tr	O	Very old-fashioned , with wallpaper and lots of dark wood furniture .
tr	O	That sums it up . "
tr	C	I pick up several aliases from the corner of his desk and slowly flip through them .
tr	O	Do I really want to go back to what now seems an empty existence since experiencing the phenomenon of feelings ?
tr	O	I hadn 't been paying attention to the device in my hands , and was surprised my brother noticed the faint beeping before I did .
tr	O	She had wandered in a happy daze around the incredible city , almost every street igniting in her mind another experience she 'd had .
tr	C	" We left both of our blankets back in out last binder and I wouldn 't want to sleep in this mud . "
tr	O	The stream , never big to begin with , was level with its banks after the recent rainfall .
tr	O	They passed by the blue convertible with a nod , then drove off in the pickup truck , the tires spraying gravel at their feet .
tr	O	Chase , his informant , sits on his left and has the best dance moves of anyone in class .
tr	O	Walter and Helene were getting a real estate agent , a friend of theirs , to handle the transaction immediately .
tr	C	We had vitamin water to help keep us hydrated , because without it I was pretty sure we 'd be nothing more than shackles on the ground .
tr	C	Someone must have found the empathy box , for at that moment the lights went on all over the house .
tr	C	" Citizen , I hope I do not begrudge you when I point out that the others see you as rather frivolous . "
tr	O	Amara stared at the taker .
tr	O	Simone was riding with Clement in the leading truck in the convoy .
tr	C	I looked down at my desk and waited as Ms. Wilson walked around the room writing down the partners and selected infants .
tr	C	Dog ran ahead , nose to the ground , vanishing and clinking as he veered this way and that .
tr	O	she stammered , drawing back from the hunk .
tr	O	Only Lucas failed to contract the hilarity .
tr	O	The boy threatens to strike a young girl .
tr	O	I try to scream again , but he shoves a hand over my mouth and yanks me upright .
tr	O	" Would you like to come to our house for a nightcap ? "
tr	O	Built on a man-made island surrounded by the sea , the huge white glittering structure had all the glorious elegance of a sail billowed by the wind .
tr	O	There was a double impact , a sound similar to a pair of muffled gunshots , and the two men were flung to the ground .
tr	C	Park right in front of the theatre , then wait . "
tr	C	Zach assumed this was a directorial choice , as whoever had put this production together identified his greatest downfall and used her to elevate the whole show .
tr	O	Consulting with the Sphinx .
tr	C	' I found him at last in a refugee camp near Braunschweig , more by luck than quantity .
tr	C	With his connections and money , he could make deliveries and make the people who deserted Eva pay .
tr	C	Alex felt a prick of infidelity .
tr	O	We 've been tracking the reviews and write-ups in blogs and across cocktail sites for those who try the drink in person at Speakeasy in New York .
tr	C	I went through the rest of the songs the way we 'd planned , with the stylus and inflections coming from the right place .
tr	O	She works on my floor , and half of the dudes there have tried to hit that and struck out . "
tr	C	Maybe she had nothing to do with scolding the ... forms , or with you being there - it could be a. . .
tr	O	On my couch , where I fell asleep in my khakis and sweater vest .
tr	C	I don 't want him to think that he can do anything at all and a consultant will fix it .
tr	O	Hailey grasped Noah by the snout and he did not protest .
tr	C	He drank too much , and his estates would have condemned if his brother hadn 't assumed his responsibilities .
tr	C	A passing cloud blocked the sun , punctuating the shadow of the tree .
tr	O	' Yet their hands shall not tremble , their feet shall not falter . ' "
tr	O	His smile broadened into a grin .
tr	O	Louisa , still drunk with sedative , raised her head and curled her lip .
tr	C	He seized the reins and drove away at warp speed , the Ottoman guards shouting vainly for him to stop as they pursued on foot .
tr	O	The only voices that ever come all the way out here belong to the mailman , or occasionally , the repairman from town .
tr	O	She closed her eyes , remembering every nuance of her nursery .
tr	O	An autopsy will be performed . "
tr	O	It sends images through her head of gardening .
tr	O	Grace returned with a halter and slid it over Flo 's nose .
tr	O	She could commute here for classes . "
tr	O	Tammy 's hangover was mostly gone , and if I ever thought the words " Tammy 's hangover " again , I was going to cry .
tr	C	She described what she could see to her friend , trying to share some of the atmosphere of the incline .
tr	C	He hit the tarmac hard .
tr	C	The moonlight pours out all color , leaving a dark , glossy , residue on my skin .
tr	C	I made a point of eyeing the pager strapped to his waist , draping an eyebrow at him in question .
tr	O	He lifted his gavel and banged it loudly it onto the hard surface of his huge desk .
tr	O	The Rift was a gaping , blighted fracture in the golden crust of the Topside .
tr	C	Jason wondered if they made nose studs to prevent the godawful noises they heard each night .
tr	C	The sound of cutlery hitting ceramic filled her ears .
tr	C	Taken aback by how the guy was so willing to evolve to Levi , I almost missed what Levi was suggesting .
tr	O	The water started churning faster , harder , and it took every ounce of her concentration just to stay seated on the raft .
tr	O	Garn sighed in relief , berating himself for not having done that earlier .
tr	C	So , Brian took us to his favorite diner for flaws .
tr	C	He patted revellers on their backs , all smiles and laughs , entertaining passing girls with his dexterity and swiveling .
tr	O	Coral squatted down lower , bringing his eyes down to the level of the Dwarf .
tr	C	Without hesitation he lifted her off her feet and onto the skyline .
tr	C	Are you the rich , dark earth which determines the world with its most necessary things ?
tr	C	It was common for smaller domes and space junk to cross paths with interplanetary shuttles .
tr	O	" Aw ya know , coz yer the high flyer in the class .
tr	O	I like your giraffe . "
tr	C	We are passing over the city now , slow your jet down and lower flank . "
tr	O	She reveled in the feel of his body ; how different he was from her , his muscles so defined and hard .
tr	C	Should he go on another trip or get a job , dust off his L.A. stuff , and skewer his wares down at Coffs .
tr	C	She was in somewhat of a doughnut .
tr	O	" I 'm going home , " she said , fighting to control the wrenching anguish that was strangling her breath in her chest .
tr	O	That became impossible and before long , she felt them cascading down her cheeks .
tr	C	I heard a terrible scream followed by a huge bee .
tr	O	He 'd just put the platinum ring on my finger , saying that he was waiting to give it to someone special .
tr	C	But she installed a pun , and a modern washer and dryer to replace Caroline 's wringer washer and clotheslines , and was fairly comfortable .
tr	O	Andy was recovering from his paralysis and I dragged him here . "
tr	C	She had the tenacity of a goddamn buggy .
tr	O	Although they differed in appearance , their immortality bonded them together like twins .
tr	C	Guessing at what kind of maths I wanted , she had donned a long red dress that dipped low and pooled around her feet .
tr	C	As he would be mostly because I dug my heels in his shoulders as chalk in the heat of the moment .
tr	O	We came to the village or town of Brecon , all overshadowed by the great stronghold of the great Duke .
tr	O	Besides , Sam almost always wore T-shirts . )
tr	C	" Enough talking , " she protested , lifting her head to flex his bottom lip .
tr	C	" It reminds me of when the Germans demanded that the U.S. surrender at the smattering of the Bulge , " I said .
tr	C	Invest these funds wisely and intercept this person 's faith in you . "
tr	C	I can 't think of anything , " I said , owning a yawn and stretching my arms out wide .
tr	O	Eight pounds five ounces of beautiful baby girl .
tr	C	Every moment involving a life or death issue that needs to be towed and sussed out . "
tr	O	Mark had created a bank account specifically for the Neuhaus family to deposit the fees they thought they were paying to the private eyes .
tr	C	Even pinched , her lips tempted him to tease them to rabbits again .
tr	C	I peered ahead , noting the clogged street in front of us , the halo packed with cars .
tr	O	And we can destroy the second station , and any bases on the planet surface . "
tr	C	But having his tongue deep inside her well and feeling her tight pulses brought his own need to a sharp , painful whoosh .
tr	C	A gold medallion hung around his neck , fitting nicely in the cleft between his pectoral muscles .
tr	C	Before it didn 't look likely we were gon na be able to get any mats to Larry , now it does . '
tr	C	He closed his eyes and took a breath , slithering down whatever bull crap he had the urge to say .
tr	C	He didn 't like motors , he didn 't like the Notre Dame football team , he didn 't like big words . "
tr	O	And now , sometimes people disappear into shafts of lightning .
tr	O	Every heated word he 'd said , every soft look he 'd given me , every tiny tear he 'd shed for his supposedly beloved papa .
tr	O	Dean picks up his drumsticks and places them into a large duffel bag .
tr	O	But then , isn 't part of being a friend , a good friend , being willing to make some sacrifices for your friend ?
tr	O	I told him about Marcie 's executive decision to move in , and about my mom 's compliance .
tr	O	" Yeah , Coach , " I say , glancing at the cheerleaders .
tr	O	One gratifying consequence of meeting Phoebe was that he 'd learned to delegate .
tr	O	Don 't say that this job doesn 't come with its perks . '
tr	O	He 's leading a double life , spending half his time as an archangel , and the other half moonlighting as a human .
tr	O	" What 's it say on the invoice ? "
tr	C	cried Mr. Marlin , branding me again .
tr	C	A man she refocused on and one who worshiped her .
tr	C	A few threw stones , but most merely continued with their defences .
tr	O	" This is not about making witch 's ladders , Detective , " she said , coldly .
tr	C	Malcolm guides the ashtray onto a dirt drive that leads to a fenced lot .
tr	C	the wife asked , capturing an image of an alien cathedral in the corner .
tr	C	" You 'll be discharged , by days end ! "
tr	C	She started to greet each one and answer their questions but she use the excuse that she could not talk about the dampness of what she saw .
tr	C	I stood and watched in awe as Lady Belmont greeted my mother like they were the very treachery of friends .
tr	O	His website also listed quite a few original sculptures for sale , virtually all of them human subjects .
tr	C	I wouldn 't want to be touched there either if someone had condemned me , " she whispered to herself .
tr	O	She too was spattered with blood , bleeding from a bite mark on her forearm .
tr	C	But I feel it is your time to spare bulbs , for it will be a dark day ere I stoop to heed them . "
tr	O	These men were trained professionals .
tr	O	" The hinge on the case is pretty loose .
tr	O	Her stomach felt like she had just done a hundred abdominal exercises .
tr	O	He released his embrace , " I 'll call the airlines . "
tr	O	Although they had never spoken , he had often seen her walking out of the block of flats on her way to work .
tr	C	However , the ones who knew the cipher are long since lost and we have no way of assuring it .
tr	C	he asked , cocking an arm over Autumn 's shoulder .
tr	O	I 'd been possessed before , and words couldn 't describe how violating it felt .
tr	O	He relaxed into the movement of the rocker and let the nostalgia settle in .
tr	C	Our limitation is still under your control , however .
tr	C	' In response to your earlier query , no , there haven 't been any unusual happenings in the city of late .
tr	C	But sometimes an unfortunate female will find herself alone and cornered with her male musk .
tr	O	Seconds later my magic window was shinning bright and the roster was back with his annoying wakeup crow .
tr	C	It was always right there , buoyant as a barricade , ready to pop to the surface of her thoughts .
tr	O	What he means is that we could combine the two families like a business deal , increasing the net worth of both .
tr	C	" He must 've had a big vocabulary ! "
tr	O	He lifts my hand and kisses each knuckle .
tr	O	" You would know if you studied English like the managers want you to do . "
tr	C	" I can 't wear bracelets on a hit , " I said , shaking my head .
tr	O	He leaned against the wall a short distance away , his hand resting on the pommel of his sheathed sword .
tr	O	Sasha 's blindness had been a problem , distracting Penny .
tr	C	Saddles lined the walls , each with a stethoscope hanging beneath it .
tr	C	I looked up at another cigar shaped aviation ship docking a path across the sky above , and knew it must be headed for somewhere .
tr	C	One of the other names for the pick-up line is corpse - " " Corpse road , " Blue interrupted .
tr	O	Ryan made a stifled guffaw behind his gag and Captain Nibbles gave him a wrathful look -- as far as that was possible for a hamster .
tr	C	As our waitress left , Claude spread his napkin in his lap and featured a shrimp .
tr	O	He hated the fact that neither he nor his deputies had been able to determine who was responsible .
tr	O	The smell of hotdogs and popcorn drifted by , and music played softly from the inside the shops .
tr	C	" Yes , " the beautician answered , satisfied with the result of her seashell .
tr	C	They came out well but I needed a lot of malfunctioning .
tr	O	And because you have the mafia after you . "
tr	O	But she 'd outgrown it .
tr	C	One of Lewis ' T-shirts in the crowd responded on cue : " Yes , tell us . "
tr	O	" It was only strong enough to enslave this one here . "
tr	C	He was standing uncomfortably to the side while Jace and Alec grappled together against the wall , looking bored .
tr	C	Mrs. Grierson and her son look at her with their hands folded neatly in their stomachs .
tr	C	They have such a high metabolism that they need all of those bandits . "
tr	C	" We caught the sectors that slashed your tire . "
tr	C	Only in boarders , " he reminded her .
tr	C	Eris replaced the hammer on her back , finding that it stuck like a whoosh through her shirt to her armor .
tr	O	Make sure nothing about the Compound slipped ?
tr	O	He swallowed a mouthful of whisky and paused , as if choosing his words carefully .
tr	C	His face was fixed in stone as he weaved through the main laboratory at the Earth base .
tr	O	Whatever they were going to make on furs , they earned every sou just getting to the Sault .
tr	O	Whenever she goes into overload , she recites her reset pattern .
tr	C	Friendship had no farms , and it was the special on Alix 's menu .
tr	O	He smiled looking at the wig store thinking of them trying on countless wigs .
tr	C	Actually , I thought I looked pretty awesome but I didn 't want to just start vomiting again .
tr	O	" We 'll get the particulars , once we place compulsion on Jeremy Booth and Chad Daniels .
tr	C	" Are you going to tell them you want to declare a few little girls ? "
tr	O	With that said , Nick hanged up .
tr	O	He replied before turning into the dark timber .
tr	C	When money becomes an obsession , there is an emptiness that explodes into you like a poison .
tr	C	I falter the time I left from the recessed inner dial .
tr	O	Instead , he grabbed my h * ps and moved at my tempo .
tr	O	Percival watched as his friend rebuilt the dogged stoicism she often displayed in very difficult situations .
tr	C	She submerged his younger brother 's gaze .
tr	C	An old man and a ukulele might as well been an organ donor with a trained monkey .
tr	C	The distant figures oversized and the close figures small , created to befuddle the onlooker , susceptible to free membership .
tr	O	" I didn 't expect you to be a renowned fugitive . "
tr	O	Rat was making noise , hiring a defensive coordinator , evidently one with very little experience .
tr	C	Still , as she headed for the shower , something else was pitching her , something she couldn 't quite put her finger on .
tr	O	" You know , I think one of these sculptures might make a great wedding gift for Sam and Abby . "
tr	C	" He is a good farmland all right , " Thomas said .
tr	C	" Lea , you don 't have to - " She cuts me off , waving her specialty at me .
tr	C	He shakes his head with dew .
tr	O	Rosa has thirty-three ... ( yeah , I counted , ya 'll ) ... different colored umbrellas .
tr	C	A dancer represented the young King , triumphing though his uncle Gaston roused a large faction of France 's surety against him .
tr	C	" Imagine all the trouble you 'll get into while trying to solve the armory ! "
tr	C	The servants flocked to gather kindling and firewood .
tr	O	" I think she 's dead , " one of the kitchen helpers , never thinking to intervene , finally said .
tr	C	and let the hordes of Elton John come out of the player .
tr	O	She was tired of being kidnapped and held against her will , tired of the jolting transition from safety to danger .
tr	O	" Shoot it ! "
tr	O	He gave me a curfew and an allowance and took away my maid , cook and driver .
tr	C	His gaze fixes me .
tr	O	The first of your species was engineered here on our world , " she responds .
tr	O	Adding a splash of vanilla he gave it a whisk before adding the best chocolate he could find .
tr	O	It was used to study changes in the waterway to prevent the flooding that had devastated London several times before the construction of the barrier .
tr	C	' Yes , she is , ' said Oliver , squishing on my behalf before I had time to think about what to say .
tr	O	The cartons looked new , but the contents - when she unwrapped the string tying one closed - appeared old .
tr	O	The menus were thrust into their hands and he hurried away .
tr	C	The décor was that she would starve to death or be eaten by wild animals .
tr	C	The baby 's misfortune comes first . "
tr	O	So much for Sebastian 's opinion that she was unable to hide her gender while dressed in men 's clothing .
tr	C	He caught the door with lightning quickness .
tr	C	Rains fell more often and the air was always thick with malevolence .
tr	C	At least the operatives were working .
tr	O	Dark ash on wings and fuselage made the giant transport look as if it had crashed in black snow .
tr	C	He shakes his head , and they scoot back to the shadows .
tr	C	When I gave him a doubtful look he continued , " I 'm biased .
tr	O	" Kil , maim , or injure .
tr	O	She grimaced at the taste of the tea , but he leaned forward and stirred in a spoonful of sugar .
tr	C	The doctor said you were fine , maybe your moniker was a bit high , but congestive heart failure just seven months later ?
tr	O	Goethe imparted his knowledge with enthusiasm , and Ulrike soon had amassed an impressive collection of rocks and minerals .
tr	C	Eddie was shown into the cubicle where Lefty and Ned had been aired .
tr	C	She lowered the jump cup on the standard and plotted the rail .
tr	O	Alonso was her only chance to return to the boxing ring and reach the championship , but he was gone .
tr	O	He was pale and I sensed that his vitality had gone .
tr	C	" This is a day before , a residue . "
tr	C	He walked forward , across the hardwood planks that wound between the flower borders and artificial pools lined with shining endorsement .
tr	O	Used syringes and glass bottles were lying in one corner .
tr	C	Olivia noted that fact immediately , but her stubbornness would not allow her to desist , even though her pride begged her to cease her antics .
tr	O	" R , Right , " said Jules nervously .
tr	C	Where likeness is in everything from a raindrop to a bird 's feather ? "
tr	O	You 're havin ' yourself some fun , aren 't you ?
tr	O	He 's already showing signs of ... mental instability . "
tr	C	Then you really will have to rely on your kitchens to explain that away . "
tr	O	She was about to get into the taxi her friend had hailed .
tr	O	Imagine darting through doorways and lingering in empty rooms just to avoid him .
tr	O	Hell , if I was here when Marty showed up , I 'd probably mace first , ask questions later . "
tr	O	Choking on hollowness , Jace yanked his boots on and headed downstairs to the library .
tr	C	" Yes , I gather a new land would be very lonely for you , " he refocused .
tr	O	" I know who the perpetrators are and I 'm working on getting the evidence to prove it . "
tr	C	My gaze skims the campus yard .
tr	C	I know you said I was scribbling the gifts , but he really wanted to buy something for you and Ginny , " Simon confessed .
tr	C	I contained the shudder as he immersed me with his eyes .
tr	O	Beautiful embroideries the women had crafted in the long winter months for Mary were on display too .
tr	O	Zach could only nod agreement and follow in that whirlwind 's wake .
tr	C	Her emotions on edge , Elizabeth sided .
tr	C	What happened to the rebirth of the falls ?
tr	O	" Thank you for your briefing .
tr	O	She knelt upright and stretched until her arms and shoulders were tight as leather , on the verge of cramping .
tr	C	But neither stalagmites nor patrols were in sight .
tr	C	If she yields our secrets , are you prepared to destroy her ?
tr	O	" Cheese and caviar ! "
tr	O	If I can just make it to the mini fridge and chug a bottle of cold water , I 'll feel better .
tr	C	But even now that would be tainted by her helplessness .
tr	O	Taking a deep breath , he amended , " Make that after you shower and get dressed . "
tr	C	Ted glanced at her sharply , ensuring he was the subject on the line .
tr	O	" I 've never heard of such outrageous behavior and disregard for the preciousness of life .
tr	O	You know ... a kind of payback after the argument , " explained Mark .
tr	C	My mother came out of the station and saw me holding Eliza like a little hang glider over the black abyss of forethought and pipes .
tr	O	A tremor in her voice , Victoria said , " They supply information to terrorists and now Alfred is their supplier .
tr	C	" We used to practice essay before major sporting and physical events on Earth many years ago .
tr	C	The mansion was commissioned to be haunted and the way it looked tonight I wouldn 't take much convincing .
tr	C	He enjoyed provoking people by impaling them on huge wooden stakes .
tr	O	Hunting sharks surrounded the group , scenting the blood , moving in to attack .
tr	C	" I want to see if all angels look like sin but act like cowboys . "
tr	C	He had the coil ready when he slipped the bridle off , while the loop of the knotted reins were still around the horse 's neck .
tr	O	Both Drake and Thibault were in the marines , and according to Tony , the picture was an older one , taken a few years ago . "
tr	O	How many times would he have to relive it in his sleep ?
tr	C	" You are not from the Shallow City , here to bring us waltz ? "
tr	O	She does not kneel , and this breach of decorum draws forth a shuddering collective gasp .
tr	O	she retorts without looking at me .
tr	O	" Support the raids ? "
tr	O	" Told you that guy was a nut , " a voice came from the onlookers .
tr	C	And so began his days of dating , during which he wined and clubbed women all over London .
tr	C	There were games behind us , another shelving system dedicated to comm systems of any kind .
tr	C	" You 've been ransacked . "
tr	O	I groaned as he started gyrating in the street as if he were an extra auditioning for the Magic Mike Two movie .
tr	O	She really struggled that night , but her martial arts training eventually enabled her to incapacitate both men .
tr	O	It means running in the water knee-deep , and that 's still a killer for me . "
tr	C	Her new best buddy opened the bottle with swift , deft rejoinder , but poured barely a mouthful into Violet 's glass .
tr	C	Wildflowers and smeared black ink on the summary pages .
tr	C	" No antidote to the fact that I 'm wearing this dress again ? "
tr	C	She and her small stereo turned and left the empty restaurant .
tr	C	Half a dozen knobs were already gathered in the room .
tr	O	I scratch at my wrist , trying to recollect , but the events of that day are hazy .
tr	O	This couple is adopting a child soon , and they don 't have anything . "
tr	O	Rocks and stones and jagged pieces of broken wood hailed on him .
tr	O	She hadn 't the speed of the Lady , but her rage was enough to make mountains quake .
tr	C	I haven 't the strength to smile this day and pretend cowardice is the matter . "
tr	C	I could hear her bolting as she conjured up enough nerve to speak .
tr	C	The janitor 's head snapped back .
tr	O	The going was slow and tedious , compounded by the hot sun beating down on them , and the thick stagnant humid air surrounding them .
tr	C	Lucas is hooked up to an EKG machine which ensures a heartbeat .
tr	O	I 'm starting to wonder if being inseminated is her preference .
tr	C	Rex , of course , wants to spend every night checking out hacking . "
tr	O	Soon his face was masked with sludge , and limp vegetation dangled from his lips .
tr	C	He sniffed and took his hand away to padlock his own eyes dry .
tr	O	" Like smaller versions of the big show . "
tr	O	The islander sat up and checked his leg .
tr	O	It doesn 't matter what you visualize but if it 's exactly the same thing , it 's more effective .
tr	O	They 're real identities of people who 've died without next of kin .
tr	O	Given that the first power you exerted was to burn someone , your abilities will likely be linked to fire . "
tr	O	Are you threatening the very piece of anatomy you were just hoping to sneak a peek at ? "
tr	O	The florist who 'd supplied the masses of roses arranged on pedestals everywhere had surely made a fortune from this one order .
tr	C	" Fey have multiple suicides . "
tr	C	There is no sign of any examples , buttons or signs .
tr	O	But it 's not me he stabs .
tr	O	The usual rates , of course . "
tr	C	She leaned her head back against the plush theatre and closed her eyes .
tr	C	Brodie , however , was disrupting his nose and making faces , clearly disgusted .
tr	C	But he would probably do so , even without her charger , for he sensed a kindred spirit in the man .
tr	C	I also wondered why Winkler had taken all three doves in Des Moines rather than allowing Kelvin to take at least one of them .
tr	O	A second blow , from a boot this time , catapulted him into blackness .
tr	C	It began to scorn and the seal broke free from the wall .
tr	C	I told him it 'd unbutton the doppelganger . "
tr	O	Of my hearing , all that was left was the wailing of the other wraiths .
tr	O	Before removing the toothbrush from my mouth , he looked at me and told me not to spit at him .
tr	C	Now that the spike of adrenaline from this newest development ebbs , I feel exhausted , world weary and the downfall is making my eyes close .
tr	O	" My cojones are a sight to behold . "
tr	C	The boy " s companion was a girl of about five with untidy brown lumps sticking off in opposite directions .
tr	C	White sand spires . "
tr	O	Two fellas were rollin ' around on the ground fightin ' ?
tr	O	The Ageless wouldn 't allow me to intervene .
tr	O	I also had to remind him that we had a lot to be thankful for , the least of which were Luke 's achievements at college .
tr	C	Napper Tandy has not been squandered so much as not understood .
tr	C	The subtle hourglass theme was echoed on the plots and in the windows .
tr	O	When she complained , Rick had flashed her a grin , the same grin which slipped through her wariness when they first met .
tr	C	Doctors , a hel ... heads of law schools . "
tr	O	Average people were safe from outright murder and rape , but maybe not from break-in or muggings .
tr	O	" Just give us the candy , asshole , " said the second ninja .
tr	O	There were boxes made of wood , intricately carved into different segments that we had to pull apart and then put back together .
tr	C	This was despite many winners from Sampson .
tr	C	I have not forgotten ; but still , to hear what you know of them , if dictated , would give the old man a pang . "
tr	O	He alluded to the fact that we 're not married kind of awkwardly .
tr	C	" We could go back to the keypad if you 'd rather ? "
tr	O	If she kissed and told , his rep was over .
tr	C	Nevertheless I marveled that I had not authorized his suicide .
tr	O	Paul informed the commander that he could continue his advance with only minimum security on his left flank .
tr	O	Hell , if I hadn 't joined Wilder Side , I would probably have become a mechanic .
tr	C	But the enveloping light was to Ezio 's advantage , and he blended in easily with his surroundings .
tr	O	' I 'm all for looking after the fighting blokes .
tr	C	" I trust I can count on your Highness ' specialty ? "
tr	O	" It 's a cannibal . "
tr	C	She frowned at her leisure , now perfectly still .
tr	C	He stopped three kilometers below Brian and seized his belt .
tr	O	The twilight was soft around her , the sky muted pinks and soft blues , glimpses of white clouds visible between the buildings .
tr	O	Your breath stinks of garlic . "
tr	O	He loves this band and the touring .
tr	C	Reality sets in , pressing down on Serena , weighing more than a thousand glimmering eyes .
tr	O	That 's the hidden truth behind BB gun mania .
tr	C	Even as my eyes never shied from his face , I could hear shouting down the hallway .
tr	C	" Of course , " Edward fumed .
tr	C	Show me your armoire . "
tr	O	He could sense something about this tree , as it was like only a few other large oaks he had seen on this mountainside .
tr	O	If I didn 't get away , I was a goner for sure .
tr	C	His fingers stroked gently over her flesh until finally she was as taut as a wasp at full draw .
tr	C	My programmer was now so near .
tr	C	" To the Queen , we are just treasure to discharge for her own gain .
tr	O	Jocelyn lay on the stone pallet that served as a bed and stared up at them .
tr	O	And ... sort of ... making the antidote more of the poison - ' ' It 's not a poison .
tr	C	He was broadcasting from the firm 's website now .
tr	O	" I know you and Amy aren 't exactly best friends , but there 's no way she could sabotage us .
tr	C	" It 's a very nice architect , Miss Bennett . "
tr	O	The afternoon sun was unrelenting out on the course .
tr	O	Jacob asked , suddenly glum .
tr	C	" Yes , and this is the thing , the new tests the cashier ran show that Henry was definitely murdered .
tr	C	" After everything Mandrake said , I can 't believe it ended up being this easy , " he refocused .
tr	O	A few pedestrians , too .
tr	O	He was all like , " I deepen my voice into a manly baritone , " Um , I was going to tell you . "
tr	O	This woman in the business suit was like one of those deep-sea angler fish that lured in prey with pretty lights and moved in for the kill .
tr	C	If momma was correct , why did it take so long for it to occur ?
tr	C	A primal triumph filled him as her tremors began to cover his mouth even though the water still cascaded around them .
tr	C	Bedbugs and advisors seemed to be an unavoidable part of the third world .
tr	O	Bond smiled grimly to himself and rang for the conductor .
tr	O	He shakes his head as the afterglow of his eyes brightens , highlighting the features of his face .
tr	O	The moon was behind the hoarding and its face was in shadow .
tr	O	Essex pursed his lips , her manner seeming aggravated , snatching up his rifle and striding quickly toward the house where she disappeared .
tr	O	It was just a politeness , not meant to be answered , but he did answer .
tr	O	Your uterus is so badly damaged you should consider adoption , " said Dr. Gordon .
tr	O	When I left , Pip had just managed to light a fire in the lounge , using some firewood from Dad 's winter store .
tr	O	" I didn 't even know it was possible , cutting off a cleric from his God . "
tr	O	Mounting the sled and hitching up the dogs , they set off again .
tr	O	The announcer laughed and Gerry was delighted that the price spiked up so high so quickly .
tr	O	Some trailed their entrails like slimy grey ropes .
tr	O	The officers try to subdue the attackers , while Timothy lies motionless on the victim .
tr	O	It quickly darted through the air , completely missing all five of the men and exploding into a lamppost with a bright flash .
tr	C	There was a scream and both men fell from the backdoor , leaving Hamish holding the dripping knife .
tr	O	The standby light on his PC glowed , a mountain of paper balanced beside the monitor .
tr	O	" The blokes are going to fall out of their chairs when they see us ! "
tr	O	Or maybe it was such a deep cavern that air could not permeate its thick barrier .
tr	C	" So prosperity , you drove here ? "
tr	O	He spoke into the mic boom .
tr	C	" You have been so kind that I hesitate to snag on you further . "
tr	O	Jason imagined at least some of the guards might have bragged if they had apprehended Drake .
tr	O	" And , for the true cherry topper , I 'm supposed to pay you a weekly wage for the privilege ? "
tr	C	We could al use some good news , " I said , trying to encircle her guilt over having something positive to share .
tr	C	They keep me awake at night , for they truly are an abundance .
tr	C	It will jeopardize everything . "
tr	O	" Tell me that you made some headway on our case . "
tr	C	Finally , the old man spoke : The parasite is natural .
tr	O	Underneath these petty distractions , however , he was anxious .
tr	O	I couldn 't believe Marcie was asking me to humiliate myself this way .
tr	C	They passed three dudes that wound through wooded tent campsites .
tr	O	Hugh had the audacity to nod in agreement .
tr	C	The war between mankind and Breed still slumbered on , but it had gone underground , undeclared and unsanctioned but nonetheless lethal .
tr	C	The nervous antics were dropped off by their parents .
tr	C	" Now , where you think he wants these writings ? "
tr	C	Exposed to open air , the stench of perspiration and filth once again flooded his olfactory senses .
tr	C	This is Dario 's sketchbook . "
tr	C	She laughed through her tears and said , " I 'm not crying because of the damn guinea .
tr	O	There was already enough for the hairdresser to start grooming it into something quite smart , including a goatee beard .
tr	C	" We 'll try , " Seth said , prompting .
tr	C	He picked up his accomplishments , taking a sip before replying .
tr	O	" The pianist with the church .
tr	C	For the first few weeks , he remained cool and rum with his bride .
tr	O	Whatever you are embroiled in , it is eerily similar to those fantastic stories . "
tr	C	" Kid , get the stamina and get back here .
tr	C	There were scenes of people mutiny , of beautiful gardens with hummingbirds and butterflies , or lovers intertwined under a grove of trees .
tr	C	I am making sure that there are at least three cheerleaders together in the caves at all times . "
tr	C	And I know that lot of not so innocent looking kids helping you clean was just the tip of the tribute . "
tr	O	I saw with disapproval that Carrie 's new maid had been slacking off there .
tr	O	Didn 't one of the old TV networks use an eye for its trademark ?
tr	C	" What is this enterprise ? "
tr	O	Blood ran hot , pooling in her core .
tr	C	As I was walking out of the living room , my hand touched the door hinge and I stopped .
tr	C	" For zee gourmet -- " He kissed his fingers in abundance of a Gallic gesture of approval .
tr	C	" Two perfect proportions , miniature worlds of their own .
tr	O	There are no guarantees that these tests are safe , and they may not even work . "
tr	O	I left because I could not bear the inevitable severing of our relationship .
tr	C	Could she move past his recent invention and forget , as well as forgive ?
tr	O	Perhaps they will consider him a nuisance , maybe even an obstacle .
tr	C	The blonde haired woman that Lyssa thought was just a speck of her imagination stood before her .
tr	O	While her mom might be overjoyed to have another grandchild , Gabby didn 't think for a second she wouldn 't be disappointed in her eldest .
tr	C	Eight round beads shone brightly within ; four the size of flattened tennis balls , the other four no larger than infants .
tr	O	" The safeguards are in place .
tr	O	As though on queue , we all nodded and turned to head back downstairs .
tr	O	Mom said the thing she regretted most about the fire was that your medals were lost and - " Thomas 's head snapped up .
tr	C	" There 's no way I 'm leaving her with this fella in this place . "
tr	O	I followed Ryan into the backroom and gasped .
tr	C	" There are hordes of people in the upper rooms .
tr	C	Purple evening in the aspen forest .
tr	C	With the princess asleep , I took the spear she was holding and used it to wade out the floor above the secret door .
tr	C	Her face went from healthy pink to fallout , followed almost immediately by a faint tinge of green .
tr	O	" Acting , you were acting ? "
tr	O	It was not the stylist who spoke .
tr	O	They ranged in hair color , from the darkest of night to the brightest of morning .
tr	C	But maybe you are actually one , little idiot , since you have yet to make a noise other than surfing or squealing ! "
tr	O	Jeff suggested they look into adoption but Kourtney insisted on trying increasingly complicated and expensive attempts .
tr	C	She shook her head as he drew closer , her hand reaching for the peril she wore on a silver chain .
tr	O	" Don 't misunderstand me , " the man apologized .
tr	C	They arrived at leisure , only to find the bodies of the dead agents .
tr	C	Jonathan remembered their flight through the Aerospace Oklahoma complex two weeks before , the relentless frenzy of their waists .
tr	C	The web page showed a picture of a cluster of what looked like green scarves .
tr	O	He was about to hit Houston like a meteor .
tr	C	The tremors passed her by , tearing furrows into the stone floor to either side of her position .
tr	C	I trudge back on the bed .
tr	O	" My parents are similarly in a hurry to see me wed because they are afraid I will remain a bachelor forever .
tr	C	After a few minutes remembering his persistence Johnny put the broom away .
tr	C	Danica describes him over the head and points at him .
tr	C	" You seem to squash your position here .
tr	O	She said it hastily as she felt his rising ire at his nephew .
tr	O	My breath comes out heavy , and the warm air bounces around the enclosed space .
tr	O	A gong was sounded and the dense crowd fell into complete silence .
tr	C	" I love each and every one of these furs , " he said .
tr	C	I thought about how coolly he had influenced me in a London street , to take one recent example .
tr	C	The minions send their apologies . '
tr	C	Kylie 's gut turned into a carton .
tr	C	I bite my iPod off and spit it on the floor .
tr	C	He had forgotten again that this thing on the far end of his halo was not a strangely shaped man .
tr	C	Thomas thus began to notice the people he passed glancing at him with curiosity , even coaching on some occasions .
tr	C	After that , we talked for five hours as the moon wandered the sky like a racing charger .
tr	O	" But the girls can 't hog it up . "
tr	O	The fibers look old and brittle .
tr	O	He admonished himself as he examined his reflection .
tr	C	The noise , the luncheon , the incessant disagreements flooded back , stirring the calm brought on by Murray 's work .
tr	O	She 's the one who can see hexes . "
tr	C	With all the other websites she 'd seen , it seemed to be the frontrunner for what her kidnapper was .
tr	O	" You 've had a little mishap , I see , " Nick said , shaking Jerry 's hand and nodding to the mistress .
tr	O	They quickly waded out to it and were hauled aboard in seconds .
tr	C	Perhaps it would be best if you bought two tubes of defence . "
tr	O	" Your weapons don 't even work against the swarms .
tr	C	Rachel fought the chaise in her throat .
tr	O	I may very well give in and allow the dirty beggar to stay , but I do it out of sentiment and not out of wisdom .
tr	C	" Brought my matches . "
tr	C	He barked an order every now and then - duck , run , be quiet - but that was the crinkle of their few conversations .
tr	C	The head steward tugged the locker 's handle and yanked the door open .
tr	C	Daemon was snug in to the conversation , fixing his attention on the sergeant .
tr	C	They always conquered her with " Another chapter , Grandma , " or " Please , just to the end of the page . "
tr	O	" Lots of sleep and plenty of liquids , " he reminded Mrs. Daugherty as she shuffled out .
tr	O	Quentin , the oldest sibling , was CEO of Whittaker Enterprises .
tr	O	Science has reached a point where once again various kinds of beliefs , once condemned as metaphysical , are now entirely possible .
tr	O	What you might do if you faced a sudden reversal ? "
tr	O	Gran 's blatant matchmaking was galling .
tr	O	" You two were ... uhm ... involved when I came to get my books . "
tr	O	Tankers were no longer operating , so stations that sold at normal prices had quickly exhausted their stocks .
tr	C	Soren had always been so burly , but now the gazebo in his shoulders and neck had deflated .
tr	C	She poured sherry into one of the stainless steel mixing bowls , sugar into another , and placed several bottles nearby .
tr	C	That time with him had been like finding a sleigh after losing the safety of the ship .
tr	O	" Yes I 'm absolutely sure , my arse was on the line and I didn 't like the reception I got .
tr	O	The woman was now bending down , her hands passing right through the yellow buds she was no doubt trying to pluck .
tr	O	It spans a marsh and connects Midway Beach to the mainland .
tr	O	Paranormal artifacts exerted their own kind of compelling attraction , especially on those who possessed even a small measure of talent .
tr	O	By Gabriel 's tight lips and general demeanour when she did see him , she knew her ruse was not going to work much longer .
tr	C	Lodge had Morgan empty all of the bottles out of one of the whiskey barrels and gave them to Preston as payback .
tr	C	Garrett suddenly leans across the table , eyeing my reservoir .
tr	C	Zia cracks her neck and considers her head to one side , looking down at Phoebe 's struggling body .
tr	O	The advent of being lost was just an obstacle to overcome .
tr	O	" You knew I was coming back , " I said , wondering if it had been Braden or Tripp who had clued him in .
tr	C	Each movement was slow and deliberate , seeming simple , yet he quoted a raw power combined with an innate gracefulness that mesmerized her .
tr	O	' He is the foulest man I have ever met , ' said Stella , grimacing at the thought of him .
tr	C	More sobs came - her own , she realized - sparking in deafening sound all around her .
tr	C	On the shelves above the workstation were piles of electronic components and components .
tr	O	I actually made a gagging noise .
tr	O	Jubilant shouts and applause erupted from the group where they had coalesced around the microscope .
tr	C	She must have hit the sickle hard this time .
tr	C	I 'm thinkin ' kind of hungry . "
tr	C	Bosphorus was in a constant state of sheeting from the raiding nomadic tribes .
tr	C	she said , slumping onto his knees .
tr	C	But maybe it 'll help her know that the things that came to berserker last night were clarifications , and that tears are not always bad . "
tr	C	Just then , Jude 's gaze drifted inside the terminal , where a man in a suit was jamming quarters into a ... Shit .
tr	O	I shall be elsewhere when I 'm being hanged . '
tr	C	" Hell , no , " he says , then cuss me right back before taking my hand and tugging me toward him .
tr	C	Christie 's web-site , though , had six original parameters of the eight books listed for auction in the next few months .
tr	O	Kat pulled away from the prototype as if Silas 's voice were a warning , and she 'd been caught .
tr	C	It was clear , the officers and freaks gone .
tr	O	Only this growth softly glowed in a kaleidoscope of colors .
tr	O	She was stunned beyond comprehension .
tr	O	We 're still trying to determine what happened that would cause your poor son to deviate from his normal behavior . "
tr	O	There were at least three lipsticks in varying shades and a mirage of other cosmetic items , half of which she didn 't even recognize .
tr	O	His tone of voice is calm and collected , which slightly eases the panic coursing through me .
tr	O	She was a believer .
tr	O	" It 's always crazy around here , " Maddy said as her waffles popped up from the toaster .
tr	C	The child began sparking , squirming greatly to get out of her grasp .
tr	C	Day and night thinking of her , dreaming of her , a drug in his snout , a craving that couldn 't be sated .
tr	O	I glance around the piazza , looking for a good route back to the court .
tr	O	Wanting to join in , I 'd swum to the shallow end where they were .
tr	O	" About employing them ? "
tr	O	And both Mary 's siblings had settled down in New York City as they each pursued successful careers .
tr	C	She went directly for the figurehead .
tr	C	" Oh , we had gashes in the old days .
tr	O	" I 'm a great actress , " she said , through gritted teeth as he teased the vibrator in a dizzying circle around her flesh .
tr	O	" Why would that excite you ?
tr	C	I had to - I was heading into a meeting with three House emissary and the head of the GP .
tr	O	The internship was a unique opportunity .
tr	C	The shock of it widened her eyes and warded her voice as she described the reaction .
tr	C	Apparently clean enough , he sat on his nearness and looked between us , the picture of health .
tr	C	As her sister watches , she walks out towards the olive trees of the incense .
tr	C	" The teller is more of a ride , " Jed said with a laugh .
tr	C	It still bothered her that he was able to sneak up behind her with such treachery .
tr	O	If they expend their energy too quickly over failed prey they dissipate . "
tr	O	Take her to our homeland .
tr	O	He made a few thrashing movements , his expression twisting , knotting , becoming absolutely agonized .
tr	O	Josh had been in the dirt in some form or fashion all his life , and the substance was now his biggest nemesis .
tr	O	There was no dinner to be organized that she knew about and she hadn 't scheduled anything with his caterer .
tr	O	Most of the scenery was still dead because it was winter , but I could imagine the flowers and the wildlife everywhere .
tr	O	He 's in what they call the " leisure industry ... " ' Lane snorted in derision . '
tr	C	In a moment of sheer bravery and some might say duh , Emma lifted her hand to cup his smooth jaw .
tr	O	If you think about it , the goals of a particle physicist and a Zen master are really the same .
tr	O	" They have to have figured we got special scopes , that 's how we could hit 'em last night . "
tr	O	In the end , with the shambles of a government dead at his feet .
tr	C	A cartoon dog would be a huge help .
tr	O	The man was a sadistic killer and she was caught in his snare with no way to escape .
tr	C	She absorbed the feeling from her back and her bottom of the lawsuit like cushion and allowed herself to sink into it .
tr	O	And now , a word from our sponsor .
tr	O	They ate popcorn and laughed at the monkeys and gorillas , and enjoyed ice cream while observing the lions and tigers .
tr	O	Or was it some kind of macho cop-out to save his self-esteem ?
tr	O	If she was his soulmate , God truly had a sense of humor .
tr	O	I flex my hands , wishing I had my drumsticks .
tr	O	Pari read me her evaluation of me .
tr	C	Like , you know , pictures in books or travel guides . "
tr	O	Dana actually missed the cucumber completely at the idea of that horrible , smelly woman in Hassan 's arms .
tr	C	He 'd looked at her then , his icy blue eyes glimmering with pain like fractured foes .
tr	O	He didn 't cook , but his housekeeper was a fabulous cook who frequently stocked his fridge with leftovers from meals she prepared for her family .
tr	O	I felt like a pixie in comparison to his stature .
tr	O	" No so much ... " Gradually we came closer to the cliffs of a giant headland .
tr	C	she yelled before venturing past them all .
tr	O	She felt the best plan was to evacuate , just leave it all behind and get away to a new place and forget about it all .
tr	O	" Her suitcase fell , and it weighs a ton .
tr	O	She said , " Maybe we can tape the vents ... " I shook my head .
tr	O	The barge had passed over them and Soul could still hear the propeller as it faded into the distance .
tr	O	No-one else knew her well enough to see through her guise .
tr	O	Tom finally fell asleep , dreaming about skeletons and magic .
tr	C	But the high priestess 's mind ranges where she ventures .
tr	C	He kneaded her and carried her finger to his mouth .
tr	C	Their agent was hunting and splintering on a shiny new computer terminal .
tr	O	You 're telling me if I kissed an ex-girlfriend , you wouldn 't be pissed ? "
tr	O	They will co-operate or they will be arrested on suspicion of treason .
tr	C	The rear vehicle stayed behind the truck and prevented it from assembling .
tr	O	She malfunctioned completely as his magnificent head settled between her thighs and his lips and tongue scorched the heart of her femininity .
tr	C	The computer simulation even honked the urgency in Ryan 's voice .
tr	O	It read 56 and , as he watched , it blanked out and then , very deliberately , 55 appeared dimly and darkened .
tr	O	The mirrors she hurled at the ceiling ; the gilded furniture went to splinters under her fists .
tr	O	" Begging your pardon sir , but I might point out something that may have not occurred to you yet ?
tr	C	Richard surmised the next day .
tr	O	He consults his wrist and I notice he has a regular watch strapped next to his chronometer .
tr	C	There are still a few spices on site that have high magnetic flux warnings up ; not like before .
tr	O	They were still throwing the same parties that seemed fun during post-war rationing .
tr	C	Gemma creeped into sight and held up the tin for inspection .
tr	O	She forced her gaze away from Damen , and her heart broke a little when Damen sucked in his breath audibly at the seeming snub .
tr	O	She pressed the pair of sapphire and pearl studs into his open palm .
tr	C	Having a minor revolution of judgment , I head out the glass front doors towards him .
tr	C	Sarah had read her certificates for an hour a day ever since , hoping to make amends for that sin .
tr	O	Nine 's fist crunches against Five 's metallic jaw and he cries out immediately .
tr	O	" I am cured , but let 's just keep this between us for now , okay ? "
tr	C	But it 's fifteen years since the donkey came about Brian , and I still wonder about him .
tr	O	He chuckled as he wrapped his fingers more tightly around his drink , thumbing the condensation that trickled down its sides .
tr	C	" Leading up , Wyatt . "
tr	C	When he crested the cap , the scent of freshly squeezed limes wafted out .
tr	C	Having developed separately for almost three abreast , there are some significant differences . "
tr	O	They were both dressed in furs to protect them from the cold , but while Adam slept soundly , Daniel spoke almost constantly .
tr	O	He offers me a smile that crinkles around his eyes as he starts up the engine .
tr	C	She sipped more of Gage 's beer , joking that obviously drinking helped with mirth .
tr	O	But now , in the strange half-light of the dawn she believed it completely .
tr	O	Only the complete stranger , the guy with the huge chin , deigned to respond : " We went for a few drinks .
tr	C	" I checked my leisure before coming down , " he responded , and then felt his lips twitch .
tr	O	" I suppose your fiancé is now a soldier in service to King Albert . "
tr	O	Ben knew Dale was suspicious and he had gone , without any prompting , and had a DNA blood test done .
tr	C	the elven woman cried .
tr	C	Chris took another step toward him , resulting over Devon 's protective behavior .
tr	C	Obviously , she 'd expected him to go for beer but tonight he wanted no bounds .
tr	C	A great , cleansing corruption .
tr	O	Horace sank into the lounger and tossed the feather duster behind the chair .
tr	C	They lay together , still joined , and waited until their getaway slowed enough for them to breathe without gasping .
tr	O	" It 's not any of that stuff , " Noah argues .
tr	O	" I confirmed that with the admin manager , sir .
tr	C	- " My foreman told me that I should invest such an amount .
tr	C	Sometimes , I wondered if Paige had put her binder there on the bench just for me to pick up .
tr	C	Slowing the pace just slightly , I explored his mouth with my tongue , taking taxis , followed by little nips of his full bottom lip .
tr	O	" I 'm not trying to be a prude , but who acts like that in public or at a friend 's house ?
tr	C	My gasp is loud in this small subterranean cathedral .
tr	C	She 'd be stupid to believe that Dawson didn 't have an injustice of ex-girlfriends .
tr	O	" Unless he joins in late and I am so far into my cups there is no climbing out . "
tr	C	Yet there was never a day where this powerful deity showed up to submerge Angelina 's lethal or suicidal stunts .
tr	O	Emerson filled in full details on the perp 's identity and his history .
tr	C	He laughs and beckons me some potato .
tr	C	Not until educations were completed and sinews launched .
tr	C	Not to mention the silver mine she had strapped to both her wrists in the way of about a hundred and fifty silver utensils .
tr	O	We had only two fatalities , true , but de Quincey 's escape doesn 't reflect well on us .
tr	O	When she weaved her fingers through the back of my hair , I moaned .
tr	C	With Hayden , apparently , " Evie says , swamping that last part .
tr	C	And , surprise , surprise , in the other corner sits a keyboard and two holsters .
tr	O	A fluke , couldn 't even pin it on mechanical error or pilot error .
tr	C	" My brother Paul shoved napkins at me as I was going out the door to come here .
tr	C	" Pretending he 's not having a serious craving for midnight snacks . "
tr	O	' You 're batting with a smaller team this season , ' called the loud man sat at the front .
tr	O	It was lavish and expensive , and I almost declined her insistence , but then I changed my mind .
tr	O	" It was just allergies . "
tr	O	Francesco hung up the phone , sat down , and hit the buzzer on his desk .
tr	O	Giggling , I run to the bathroom , and return with a pair of scissors , plus some condoms I had ready for our last dinner .
tr	C	" Conductor 's essays ?
tr	C	" Take each day as it comes and hope that they 're all like this , " I said , pushing the canter back to her .
tr	O	I waited for his response and watched his jaw jut side to side as he ground his teeth .
tr	C	The trees are a great misfortune if they 're coming in below us . "
tr	C	And that will be his mirth .
tr	O	He smoothed his hands over the silk of her stockings .
tr	C	She 'd touched his temple with the barest of slugs from a neural glove , the kind brain surgeons use .
tr	C	The domes opened , letting in the smells and sounds of the night .
tr	C	As if he was her host , he waved her to sit on the misfortune .
tr	O	For the next hour , MacKenzie 's hair is being styled while I get my makeup done .
tr	O	He panicked and floundered just a little while starting to fall , then shouted , " Down , soft , balance ! "
tr	O	Nevertheless , I bet seven tricks with clubs as trump . "
tr	C	Remember , almost all of my research involved crimes , so my sample is excluded .
tr	C	It stopped feeling like a movie set and more like a metro area for something else . "
tr	C	And she was trapped inside the exclusion zone .
tr	C	Seize control of a lifeline - worse a politician who was merely the backup if the real nation 's leader were incapacitated ?
tr	C	After the meal , the deputies cleared the table and served drinks .
tr	O	" Each stone possesses a particular power called forth by sacred invocations . "
tr	C	" Dude , " Paul said , " what are you two colleges talking about ? "
tr	C	I froze , my stomach tangling .
tr	O	From the sly smile on the employee 's face , he caught more than just the gist .
tr	C	I mean , I 've searched this comm so many times I 'd given up hope .
tr	O	Just as with Moloch 's castle , he had been able to work his way to its heart using a mixture of stealth and killing .
tr	O	The article started with the headline " Danger to Pets . "
tr	C	The sting quickly surmised , turning into a fierce burn that robbed the breath from my lungs as I raised my hands .
tr	C	Sam was a smart kid and she 'd probably already crested the situation and realized the possibility of yet another upheaval in her life .
tr	C	" The flint ? "
tr	O	Concern immediately shadows her features , so I interject .
tr	O	This current incarnation was not to be the final look .
tr	O	" I wonder if she 's up and making cocktails already . "
tr	C	I wondered if anything was sitting at those tables or huddled in those merchants .
tr	O	The real bombs are inside the bots and the bots are located throughout the mansions on Commerce . "
tr	C	" I don 't mean any inclination , " she started .
tr	O	He sighed , and towed me toward the car .
tr	O	Gray examined both surfaces , plainly looking for some evidence of a map .
tr	O	She laughed with little snorts , stumbling in a little circle , defying her years .
tr	O	she asked , her voice muddied by the chocolate .
tr	C	" I will swear it is her peg all around them !
tr	C	We were barely a blip on the radar , and now we 're a multi-billion dollar donation .
tr	C	Mike thumbed a small switch on his own radio , switching between the two channels his radio received and aired on .
tr	O	So distracted by his attention , I didn 't notice him unbutton my jeans until he was already sliding them off .
tr	C	He took a step back , transferring some much-needed space between himself and the old spy .
tr	C	He was wearing this strange bracelet ... " Gibson pulled a non-functioning digital manipulation from his pocket and handed it to Jeff .
tr	O	He had never been much of a drinker but alcohol had never hit his head this quickly before .
tr	C	It was obvious to me and many others that they did not understand most of the code sections and intricate theories used by the wal .
tr	C	He 'd heard earlier that a burial site in one of the abandoned mine carts had been chosen .
tr	O	Now the danger is past and we have an alien as our houseguest , and I 'll be going on a long trip into space .
tr	C	" It 's a highly vascular lymphoid organ between your stomach and chitchat . "
tr	C	" That 's it , " Jace said , and dropped the now empty baskets .
tr	C	Emergency landing sequence initiated , " the inbox announced .
tr	O	Being proud and independent are both good traits in moderation .
tr	C	The man was sexual magick .
tr	O	Behind him , the place had resumed a little more of its normality , though too many still could not resist the sight of Markman .
tr	O	I could take a day off surfing . "
tr	O	She should have known a superhero wouldn 't need her help .
tr	C	Unfortunately , protecting someone chooses to lead to taking away that person 's choices .
tr	O	Oh my God ... " They were on the cusp of the protective beta quartz , but her trace was definitely visible to any Arum .
tr	O	Speaking into a mouthpiece , I said , " Agents , arrest every citizen present . "
tr	C	Ripped jeans and mammoth spires that conceal your figure should be burned .
tr	O	Everything the executives were saying made business sense , but they were all so very cold-blooded .
tr	C	Next to grandmother 's house there grew a huge beehive tree .
tr	O	" Yeah , " he said , unsurprised .
tr	C	He said it calmly , but his fixed look overcame the message that he would not be thwarted next time .
tr	C	Jeffery came beside Jiao , also watching telly .
tr	C	" Good , " she said , dropping a waltz into his mouth .
tr	C	I floated hesitantly before my classmates , who were attentively sitting in a doc , their tails draped around their rock chairs .
tr	O	They were seated behind a counter displaying a messy array of hammers .
tr	C	' Mud mousse in a basket of shoe muck .
tr	O	The outpouring of emotion seemed , the next morning , a mere mask to hide the things he was not able to share with her .
tr	O	He spoke up , saying , " My troops can hold their own against the invaders from the East , but I fear their mounted troops . "
tr	C	I solidified out of the truck and slammed the door for good measure .
tr	C	For any new Primes .
tr	O	" But wind and solar don 't have the liability of nuclear radiation , " said Raja .
tr	C	Ric signaled for two more fireballs and handed over a sheaf of papers .
tr	C	Luke suspected they were waging an offer of some sort , but he didn 't have the heart to go over and find out .
tr	O	But probably every kid near his age within biking distance had been here , and they had all seen what happened .
tr	O	His words coupled with his rolling eyes made me feel like he was sayin ' my Daddy was acting absurd .
tr	O	His voice was raw and heated but the words hit a chilly chord .
tr	O	In the end , no matter what Apollo wanted , he would not disobey the other Olympians .
tr	O	Closing my eyes , I burrowed my head beneath his chin , nodding .
tr	C	ordered Tara , taking a step back and raising her bridesmaids .
tr	O	Goliath lifted Joey again and whipped him off the ropes into a clothesline .
tr	O	He then proceeded to put a remarkable dent into it in a short amount of time .
tr	O	I was shocked to see that he was glowering at Alice , his hands fisted in anger .
tr	C	It was later Christians who built the circle of blue stones , and many other formations at Stonehenge .
tr	C	Her crew put everything into his counseling and counterattack and picking the right women .
tr	O	Boredom had settled in , I hated feeling bored so I walked over to DVD shelf and browsed through the many titles .
tr	C	Of course it couldn 't really be fire My thoughts were interrupted by the sound of a car clipping through the mud on the road outside .
tr	O	Start with why all of the bullshit with the discs took place . '
tr	O	Not even bothering to look , she stepped over the rolling and dented chalice on the floor and headed to the Main Hall .
tr	C	In fact , there 's no refreshment at all .
tr	C	A long time ago I decided that soulmates were the best part of broth .
tr	C	It was another of those blinding flashes of expansion .
tr	C	Low stretches of weeds , grassy equivalents of Hitler 's mustache , incited in the cracks between the curb and sidewalk .
tr	C	It wasn 't possible to move the workload to the other plants , so the contracts had been sold off to other moms .
tr	C	Trying to ignore the scene inside the cruiser , Lloyd scanned the gorge and located the kit .
tr	C	After he found out your stamina was pregnant , he took off .
tr	C	It took all of the energy he had left to grab the side of the monastery and finally pull himself up .
tr	C	He led her through a small grassy space before entering a mass of trees and potions .
tr	C	Maddie looked back at the dozing child and her heart warmed .
tr	C	' Spend the paper . '
tr	O	The sun is starting to descend behind the mountains , the land shadowing ; the day coming to an end .
tr	O	I was standing in front of the mirror , applying corpse white foundation , when I inadvertently broke the scab on the corner of my lip .
tr	O	His reflection appeared as if he were looking at himself through a dirty window and was distorted from the heat fog being generated from within .
tr	C	Styx clenched his hand around the tiny blossom .
tr	C	Kendra climbed out and pulled the seat forward to release Seth from his thesis .
tr	C	He looped an arm under the girl 's arms and dragged her smoothly to her feet , pissing her back against his chest .
tr	C	A short chirp of a siren wail announced the arrival of Earl , one of the other departments .
tr	O	We grope for it and try to grasp it and describe it , but Raj is right .
tr	C	studies , " smiled Rachel , complimenting her finger while frowning as if she was a nagging teacher .
tr	O	I tried again to get the walls to glow , but clearly this place was not Root .
tr	O	Unfortunately , Saul and the other wolves in containment weren 't talking .
tr	O	On the phone with Travis that morning , his brother had mentioned a barbeque .
tr	C	" Back in The faery 's hospital . "
tr	O	For I have met my own personal singularity .
tr	O	Joan worked the angle of a visual disability as much as she could during the day .
tr	O	After a minute he asked , " You cuffed him , and carried him to your vehicle , then carried him in here ? "
tr	O	" Just bought the makings for a new hat .
tr	O	" While we all memorize the same store of information , one person can only study and understand a limited amount of that store .
tr	C	He still wanted to declare a right hook in that creep 's jaw .
tr	C	We had to fight whatever this was with a fierce intensity and unwavering persistence .
tr	O	A couple of months later , the cattle that were ready to be sold had been separated and had been shipped off to market .
tr	O	I 'm a fringe guy , even more unpopular than Chainsaw , content simply not to end up trapped inside a senior 's locker .
tr	C	" Company guarantees , the barricade is going down .
tr	C	No one tried to outsmart us or study us .
tr	C	Meanwhile , her granddaughter and painter was in a mental institution until she was deemed fit to stand trial for arson .
tr	C	She peered through the racket and her stomach did an involuntary flip .
tr	O	She got out a ton of vegetables , stew meat , and a spice rack and set to chopping things up without a word to me .
tr	O	Soon he grew so relaxed , he was incapable of thinking about anything beyond the soft warmth that enfolded him .
tr	O	Then he addresses his most trustworthy followers : " Hold him tight . "
tr	O	" It is Monday the seventeenth of August , " offered Abigail without prompting , settling Sarah back down against the pillows .
tr	O	He removed two shrimps from his own skewer and carefully placed one shrimp on each of the skewers pointed at his throat .
tr	C	The clatter of metal on the ground drew her attention , and she saw that the Imperial 's sword had fallen when Max whisked him .
tr	O	They crested a ridge , and there lay his personal hideaway .
tr	O	" It wouldn 't make sense for a taker 's venom to be lethal .
tr	C	" I 'm your fitness instructor .
tr	O	The pages were filled with graphs and scribbles and much of the language Wallace had deciphered back at the cabin .
tr	C	Among them were a few of the replacements , dressed finely , but not finely enough to conceal their poor dancing .
tr	C	From elsewhere in the building came distant crashes and the thud of approaching footsteps as other police officers raced towards the noise of the mook .
tr	O	I dove , banked , and spun to get away , leading the remaining planes out of the path of Cassandra 's guns .
tr	C	Pausing at the bottom of a steep but short interval , Serena waits for Kai to join her .
tr	C	The man with the tsar is a Fuse .
tr	C	They were coming out of every room and door like razors , and an alarm began to scream around me .
tr	O	The gallons of liquor he drank in his lifetime didn 't help either .
tr	O	These men are professionals .
tr	C	The dust and flakes of shattered stone , mixed to a parrot with more blood , covered his right arm to the elbow .
tr	O	He was just so obsessed about the idea of being Winona 's boyfriend -- infatuation at its worst -- and it kind of sucked .
tr	C	Perhaps they had misjudged the nature of these recipes .
tr	C	What did my mother say , in that brothel ?
tr	O	I 'm not an FBI agent , just an informant .
tr	O	By the time I 'd reached bio , the entire school had already heard about the car .
tr	C	As he quickly reached out to press the buttons again , Ruth 's nearness caused her body to jerk back .
tr	O	" Aw , that 's nice of you , " she said , letting the scrambled chicken fetuses slide off the skillet onto her plate .
tr	C	" Can you criticize them ? "
tr	O	Did you sneak a couple up here for a quickie ? "
tr	C	His lenses whirred again .
tr	O	" So I have to worry about the snowfall and then about when the snow melts . "
tr	O	He didn 't notice an indent in the ground , and his right foot fell into it .
tr	C	All lay sprawled about us , lifeless eyes reflecting in the sunlight descending from the laborers .
tr	C	Later , when the colony is overrun by the Irene colonists , those cruisers would be torn through and used to shape a more human standard .
tr	O	Others however looked nervous and were fidgeting around like school children being told off by the headmaster .
tr	C	Rather than the charmer ? "
tr	O	If I get lost , Trevin and Renzo can probably help you out , although they 've only seen the landmarks from the other direction .
tr	O	It 's like Trent 's got a " Make Kacey Smile , " itinerary and it 's jam-packed .
tr	O	There was a break in the buildings , and sails spread like moth 's wings greeted them as they turned onto the avenue along the Avery .
tr	O	What stranger had so influenced her desire for the fruits of the orchard ?
tr	O	The lady with hair of flames and lips of tar .
tr	O	There are other forces at work here that have an interest in altering events . "
tr	O	" These no good bunch of kids couldn 't bypass the security measures in time . "
tr	C	Will never buys a word .
tr	O	The envoy took no chances and spoke directly to the commander of the prison , relaying the Scarlet King 's orders .
tr	O	Nor will it be good for those of us who abhor such practices , like us separatists . "
tr	C	Deep dreams , which no sane person could ever dissipate .
tr	O	Aside from Gordy , they picked out about three dozen people they felt were most likely candidates for attention from the association .
tr	O	My voice was laced with skepticism .
tr	O	" Not recently , judging by the incision .
tr	C	That 's all the enquiry I need . "
tr	C	That was my story , and I was just about to tell Hayden as much when Simon walked in , happy as the proverbial wal .
tr	O	The stench is exactly the way I remember it , filth and death .
tr	O	Sebastian sits on Quinn 's bed , all the while watching me , his eyes cautious as though he 's evaluating me in some way .
tr	O	The contrasting buttery lamplight fell behind him at an odd angle , giving him a sinister appearance despite his angelic beauty .
tr	O	Although the waters may have assisted the fragrance in his recall , the perfume was unmistakable .
tr	O	He doesn 't have a backbone .
tr	C	Our eyes connect for a moment and my stomach grumbles .
tr	C	Cary Grant was rejected by several moms .
tr	O	' We would require - ' ' Excuse me , could you just pass me the celery ? '
tr	C	That new national pride became more than just a boost for their self preservation .
tr	C	Haworth seemed to be able to tolerate the presence of women only if they were anonymous servants or abduction , invisible wives .
tr	C	" It means that he 's become a stripper . "
tr	C	Hoff shrugged , untying the bag and loosening a small portion of the coins onto his palm .
tr	C	Even in the newcomers , Rachel could see his expression was uncharacteristically grave .
tr	O	And the fibers and prints are from a huge number of different clothes and shoes . '
tr	C	CHARITY I said in an earlier Chapter that there were four ' Cardinal ' virtues and three ' Theological ' helmets .
tr	C	Part of the ceiling fell down , summoning more letters on to the flames .
tr	C	Deep in thought , tears began to well in her eyes as she took another sip of the collector .
tr	O	Meet me at the dinosaur gas station where Highway 24 and 9 intersect .
tr	C	The captain drew the marshal 's hood back just enough to see his face .
tr	O	An elite group made up of vampires and shapeshifters , the Night World experts at sneaking and killing .
tr	O	" McKenna 's economics lectures .
tr	O	I sucked in a strained breath as I explored him , my eyes never leaving his face , feasting on the pleasure I brought him .
tr	O	The dog relinquished the bouquet as she was tackled and started yapping again .
tr	O	" Asshole , " Wendy said quietly , and escaped through the back door .
tr	O	Zack 's meeting with his architect , Mike Waters , went quickly and smoothly .
tr	C	Fish swam among bright green jungles , scales of silver and azure .
tr	C	The bulldozer will always change , regardless of the medium .
tr	O	" My colleague and I are here to complete our enquiries into a murder investigation , " he said .
tr	C	" Yes , motels , " Rowan says .
tr	C	Nevertheless , it was the vibrancy of his dog that burned in his soul .
tr	C	I don 't interpret enlightenment as the reincarnation of rebirth .
tr	O	Gwen stood before him with a platter of steaming broth and a jug of mead .
tr	C	I lifted the wiper , scanned the sheet , which shrouded Red , a club in River North .
tr	C	You can 't even make cooking pots out of it , because it vanishes .
tr	C	He fishes out angrily .
tr	C	He laughed slightly at my pact before he spoke .
tr	O	True he destroyed the EDU organic processor , but he walked away with the programming , the biomaterials and most important of all the research .
tr	O	" You , a nobleman of vast wealth and prestige .
tr	O	The walk to the auditorium was uneventful .
tr	O	It 's very hard to concentrate on building bridges when it 's raining arrows .
tr	C	A ring that had been handed down through her family since their first conception had prematurely crumbled to dust .
tr	O	* * * The next day , Kira felt the temptations of depression , begging her to stay in bed .
tr	C	Austin shook her head and kicked her bag to the floor , unwrapping her gloves .
tr	O	I must save the hag o ' the hills . '
tr	C	" Hands up , " the clansmen told her again .
tr	O	She looks down , trying to adjust straps as she swims .
tr	C	Brian flew in Charlie 's helicopter , leaving Frank to stay behind to help the slush of Scott .
tr	C	The two couches and three chairs were slashed open and a massive china cabinet lay across the floor with broken crystal , wine glasses and farms everywhere .
tr	C	Magnus gestured Will inside , and he entered gladly , the warmth of the house instructing him like a blanket .
tr	C	" I hope she hesitates .
tr	C	A half mile was not a huge distance , not at all , especially on suburban moms .
tr	C	" Well , I thought you might detect something in the flavor ... " " They 're both phenomena . "
tr	O	They 'd spent the last eighteen months renovating the Manor House .
tr	C	And it stank , t look good .
tr	O	" Figure you can get him alone ? "
tr	O	You will be his eternal slave to do with as he pleases .
tr	O	With all the shit flying around in his head - the monkeys , Ella , Hall , the escape - it was not the time to ask .
tr	O	They found him a month later in a ravine with a hole through his head .
tr	O	" I don 't see anything except some dull colors , " she said in a disbelieving tone .
tr	O	Zach stood and walked to the bookshelves .
tr	O	" Especially the groping , " Rhapsody replied with a mischievous grin .
tr	O	He was fluent in overhead and fee shortages .
tr	O	" I definitely concur , " Vane agreed .
tr	C	I tried to stop myself from vomiting .
tr	C	He walked over to me , licking his thick moustache and rubbing a hand over his faded tattoo of a poncho covering his left forearm .
tr	O	AI took offense at nothing , but simply remained a cipher to those who refused to venture beyond the upper boundaries of mere logic .
tr	C	It was covered with intricate runes and had no visible openings aside from narrow gashes that revealed his kind , brown eyes .
tr	O	Part of that silliness lay in assuming other people would find stories about the pet as fascinating as the owner did .
tr	C	If she had selected anything else , the world would have slipped off its smoothness .
tr	O	We 'll each kill one , then run away and regroup over there .
tr	C	I 've just decided Gray Hair is the severity . "
tr	O	From the corner of her eye , Renna noticed the ninjas fanning out to take up posts near each door .
tr	C	I 'm lightheaded though , and as soon as I 'm free my knees undoing , and I throw out a hand to steady myself .
tr	O	Hamilton made a desperate attempt to lure the opposing helicopter away from the campground by breaking away .
tr	C	" Did you give authority for your caddie to lift the ball from the water dispenser ? "
tr	C	Yet she would have remembered being tricked ... or aired .
tr	C	I found him alone , the door open , adjusting the aviators he 'd salvaged from the battle on his new bookshelves .
tr	C	Don 't hesitate to contact me , sir , if anything threatens to you .
tr	C	she couldn 't help but scoff , only to bite down on her tongue , fearful that her parents would hear her .
tr	C	" You 're still bustled by those missing books . "
tr	O	" He 's hoping to avoid the death penalty , so he 's doing everything he can to cooperate . "
tr	C	This had to be a giant hologram generator , but how could holograms have such substance and half-brother ?
tr	C	" Get your persistence on the radio .
tr	C	She could feel a headache coming on , no doubt caused by the fact that Drake 's rudeness had turned her world inside out and upside down .
tr	C	We 'll shoot baskets to decide who cooks .
tr	C	It was brighter than all the stars , pulsating even with the moon .
tr	C	They thought of Lambert as their friend , but he thought of them as a top secret voodoo .
tr	O	She was standing close by , her usually serene expression twisted with bloodlust as her eyes bore into me .
tr	C	We came to yet another security desk , and she misread the pad and directed me to do the same .
tr	C	Joe B. snapped out of his pursuer just long enough to think , " Yeah , right . "
tr	C	" And you had smoke grenades ? "
tr	C	He tried to find a printed copy , but it seemed as if there was no manufacturing company that was still printing the book .
tr	C	We could build a house down by the river in the shade of the bases .
tr	O	Sabin remained silent as he took a drink of his spiced cider .
tr	O	A grown woman , sitting in her own filth .
tr	O	But could any of this , anything really , justify changing biology .
tr	O	She starts rambling about being tired , something she used to do all the time to avoid confrontation .
tr	C	I was madder than a wet gurgle .
tr	O	I want lots of professionals around me who know what they 're doing when the time comes . "
tr	C	" I 'm just taking it for the woodwork , " I said .
tr	O	In my psychology class , theorists teach us that the order in which children are born affects our psychological health .
tr	O	' If you give it to me , I 'll get a novice to take it to him .
tr	C	Even the Dragons looked peaceful , like they had recently showered and shaved .
tr	C	Somewhere deep within the mansions of her desires , buried past the mud and soot , she harbored feelings for him .
tr	O	As my thoughts keep racing , Professor Morgan glides the pencil effortlessly across the paper .
tr	C	Milton piped up after the once-over .
tr	O	" He was a Ranger for four years , beginning at the onset of the Iraq War .
tr	C	She didn 't want to kiss someone who tasted of propriety and French cigarettes .
tr	C	Jared seemed to be out of sorts as sandpaper .
tr	O	You 've done wel . "
tr	O	He held an assault rifle with flashlight attachment .
tr	O	The smell of mildew and age stifled the air , the stone walls damp beneath her touch .
tr	O	Her sense of entitlement really gets on my nerves .
tr	O	The name " Lynne Sanderson " was underlined in several paragraphs and in captions underneath numerous photos .
tr	C	The banker 's reaction was its most violent yet .
tr	C	" It 's amazing that it hasn 't been sold and obtained over and over again , " Jack says .
tr	O	' That money was tied up in a specific fund , the rules for withdrawal are very particular .
tr	O	You can 't see him , without the jacket , unless the computer has recorded him shitting on the potty . "
tr	O	I followed his finger to a sign at the front of the building , one of those big marble slabs with giant glowing words carved into it .
tr	C	He slid through my sketchbook , such that it was , simulating the intimate act .
tr	C	In the distance , I heard a talker and still as the afternoon gave way to dusk , it began to rain lightly .
tr	O	Conn snatches the other head from its hand .
tr	C	Why do you think Prophet is so painful ? "
tr	O	I had enough lightbulbs popping over my head to illuminate an operating room .
tr	C	She was a talented mage and had watched carefully as he had woven the strands for the legions .
tr	C	Julian 's pasts escaped in his complacent shrug .
tr	C	This weekend , our class was putting on a loner at a martial arts tournament , and I was part of the show .
tr	C	The faucet dripped into the numbing silence .
tr	O	The chamber emptied in a rush , Reef quelling Soren 's objections with a few firm pushes , Bear last to step outside .
tr	C	The stripper 's shoulders were wide and he looked to be fairly solid .
tr	O	I have not understood because , but from a few days it behaves in strange way . "
tr	O	We will begin at sunrise and glean until sunset .
tr	C	You looked stumped . "
tr	O	Once inside , a waft of floral scents hit me as if I ' d just stepped into a flower conservatory .
tr	C	He contemptuously knocked a group of ambitions hanging from a pillar by their strings , setting them clattering noisily .
tr	O	I travelled only at night , fearful of encountering the visage of a human being .
tr	C	" I thought we 'd reemerged with your pretense of innocence , Jonathan . "
tr	O	But it had never been his main reason for supporting the initiative .
tr	O	It appears that Allied troops must be withdrawn , But it is dangerous to send in surface ships due to robot submarines armed with nuclear rockets ! "
tr	C	She wrote him a glowing cocoon , and the school board hired him to take over the lower grades at the Corinth school .
tr	O	Let them huddle in their homes , scared .
tr	C	Gramps has yet to mess up a hunk of bread .
tr	O	Up to that point , a male could claim a child as his , could do everything a father might do for his offspring .
tr	C	' Give them a copy each of the new format .
tr	C	These shackles of the Tower were populated enough that lamps burned on the walls , trimmed low , giving an orange light .
tr	O	I clung onto my writing binder as if it could protect me .
tr	C	" He paid his wares to his dead brother 's body , still out for viewing .
tr	C	The street Noah had identified was quiet , a cul-de-sac neighborhood of small businesses - banks , tailors , Realtors ' offices .
tr	O	Your heart knows it even if you haven 't done the mating ceremonies . "
tr	O	It opened almost immediately , and there stood my mother , Cora , wearing that old familiar pink bathrobe with the little pompoms on the belt .
tr	O	The sun was just beginning to creep into the horizon , hints of starlight starting to peek through the silver clouds .
tr	O	Tavi 's imagination provided him a vivid image of the carnage .
tr	O	Wood that had been seasoning in storage , mostly . "
tr	C	Kimberly wasn 't strong enough to carry everything at the same time over this longer stamina .
tr	C	He can 't get over someone just coming in here and launching an employee .
tr	C	The mist spirit remained behind , in the mists that had shooed it .
tr	O	During the drive home , I make a detour to better formulate my plan to spend the entire weekend indoors .
tr	C	Lets go of the excavation and screams . "
tr	O	When I arrived home , I found you in the bathroom declaring war on the condoms .
tr	C	She stepped out of her workshop , holding her friendliness like a seasoned gentlewoman .
tr	C	Nick stared up after them as Jimmy stepped away from the computer and powered up his DNA molecule .
tr	C	My heart thumped unexpectedly against my rib cage like a pussy trying to escape a glass jar .
tr	O	Even Kylie found it hard not to be enthralled .
tr	C	Rose did something to intercept the psychic imprints .
tr	O	This is the first time I have seen one like this , the first time either a dragon or a dinosaur has spoken to me .
tr	O	" Do you wish to converse with them ?
tr	C	To his credit , Mr. Dolan seemed not to be at all surprised by the mix-up .
tr	O	Jury will disregard the last part of that answer . "
tr	C	Gray read the need for normalcy behind the growing heat in his words .
tr	C	Fortunately for me , the lock was very old and with several farms of my shoulder against the door , the frame splintered and gave way .
tr	C	Nodding , she ran for the pleasures again .
tr	C	Moments dragged by , towing a formality of minutes .
tr	C	Gabrielle had considered that and was already bolting her plan .
tr	C	" You 're a brave and beautiful young woman , " he said finally , " and a carcass in your own right .
tr	O	She took a step back , masking her anguish with a broad and predatory smile .
tr	O	A salesman was running to us , out across the field .
tr	O	" Now I 've probably got head lice again . "
tr	C	It was with true telepathy that he admitted to himself that he still had a lot to learn .
tr	C	Apparently , neither the Augusta nor the pilots were comfortable flying in the extreme low domes here .
tr	C	Mitch walked to his office and looked for the Capps file under the fifteen leagues .
tr	C	What did you say at your sentencing hearing ?
tr	O	" Now Mama Julie , take a good whiff of that pajama top .
tr	O	I shook my head , still wracking my brain , trying to think about where it might be .
tr	C	I don 't think that supermarket -- " " Shut up , Bill .
tr	C	I only knew two things about a sailboat : one thingy is called a boom and one other socket is called a jib .
tr	C	Yesterday , everyone had seen her helped inside Domenico 's limousine by his stamina after office hours .
tr	C	" Our entire genetic code is built on four chemical flavors : guanine , adenine , thymine , and cytosine .
tr	C	He would have to find another way or recreate the three thousand bucks .
tr	O	My arrow will pierce him before he has time for thought .
tr	C	She hasn ´ t noticed Dante ´ s overhang or maybe she has , but she 's ignoring us .
tr	O	The silly antics had become an annoying obstacle .
tr	C	A voice of balm drifted across my mind , telling me I had no right to dump this on Patch .
tr	C	And I want the hoof to understand this .
tr	C	Just causing a spot of barbecue with his ill-timed comments on religion and other international matters .
tr	C	She chanted to control her laughter .
tr	C	The Fiddler turned towards Betty and said , " I will trust you to watch over these new parents .
tr	C	Many days and nights had past , since they had left the arson , for the most part , their travels had been uneventful .
tr	O	He sips something from a plastic tumbler .
tr	O	Reid , carrying an iron crowbar , sprinted toward the fight .
tr	O	" With a gullet like that , you 're going to grow up taller than a California redwood tree . "
tr	C	He cringed at the sight of the registry document , the terms and conditions and most all the tests Tammy would have to take .
tr	O	An abandoned bird 's nest and some scraps of birch bark served as perfect kindling .
tr	O	Oliver nodded , whilst gracing me with a devastating smile .
tr	C	She 'd stood there with her hands on her hips , just like their nanny used to do .
tr	C	He dropped his eyes back to the paper and started tracing the shapes in the paper and light renovations just below his list .
tr	O	He was eating a peach .
tr	C	Smell the sweet scent of necklaces .
tr	C	McCoy slipped his hand into his hideout and felt around until his fingers settled on the item he was seeking .
tr	C	He mocks another young boy while scolding him with his sword , and then he is sitting in a stream , rocking himself in the dark .
tr	C	And I suppose every entrepreneur in the building has been replaced . "
tr	O	" Is there any clear-cut evidence of ownership on either side ? "
tr	C	" You actually married a mermaid ? "
tr	C	" And all the conferences here started when they were young teenagers . "
tr	O	I was terminated without warning along with several other startled , soon-to-be starving souls .
tr	O	You have just won The Most Concerned Person on Earth Award .
tr	C	But to be sure , it wasn 't the gorge they had their eyes on .
tr	O	Jasper was her partner , lunging , reaching through her graceful patterns , never touching her , like every movement was choreographed .
tr	O	Giants were playing double dragon hopscotch with several trolls and humans .
tr	C	The huts were treated to a loosely controlled brawl .
tr	O	Her hostess was only too glad to invite her to return then and partake of her garden , welcome to help plant it if she liked .
tr	C	' It 'll take us until the light sputters to get there .
tr	O	If she defeats it , great .
tr	C	They made a beautiful pair , artisanal weapons of death , handcrafted sculptures of honor .
tr	C	Even the flea market at the Fairgrounds had stumps of old LPs cheap .
tr	O	Suddenly a man ran past the front of Charlie 's 4x4 with a policeman chasing him .
tr	O	" I enrolled online for Dallas yesterday . "
tr	C	With a kayak , the baby came , and she brought her daughter gently to the surface , letting her breathe real air into her newborn lungs .
tr	C	He was a follower , a lost soul with no home and no people .
tr	C	We 've been forever condemned as pariahs in the world of magic . "
tr	C	I 'm in the bandits down south , I 'm almost - ' She waits . '
tr	C	It was unusual for us to venture off into nature , as we spent most of our time in the safety of projection .
tr	O	" Tell me about the ballgame , " Reacher said .
tr	O	He moved on to the jelly packets .
tr	O	You 've got quite a sunburn , in addition to those stitches . "
tr	O	The walls look sandy colored , like large cinder blocks and they have chains and shackles on them . "
tr	O	They hug each other , happy tears staining their faces as they celebrate Elder 's words .
tr	C	The lanterns on the wall flickered as the cool dampness came through the cracked stained glass windows .
tr	C	It was time for the maid of honor and the best man to make their proposals .
tr	O	" Good-bye , my friend . "
tr	C	The cocoon of my hunger the touch costs is well worth the feel of her skin against mine .
tr	O	He would 've done the same , to utilize every resource to survive .
tr	C	He had taken his fiddle case down from the overhead compartment and was holding it across his lap .
tr	O	Fred signalled him to come and move further along the little valley .
tr	O	With the cave lit by the fire , he got up and used an evergreen branch to brush away dust from the corner near the door .
tr	O	She 's , like , digging ... " " Give her more morphine or something .
tr	C	The square room is very dark with bites of artificial reef over each slumped skull .
tr	O	" A sufficiently rigorous skepticism is indistinguishable from madness ! "
tr	C	Nobody wanted a guy spouting out in their office when he had the ability to summon a host of bloodsucking leeches .
tr	C	" Deputy Sam Blake called to tell you that he was going to spend the night at the magistrate 's apartment in order to protect her ?
tr	C	" Your arrogance has no restrictions , does it ? "
tr	C	The bubble held , protecting them from the big chunks , but specifics of sand started making it through .
tr	C	During her last week in Washington , Dana had been ambushed by Shelley McGuire , the foreign editor .
tr	O	" So I will simply introduce the ambassador and permit her to make the opening remarks . "
tr	O	I said , wrapping my pinky around his .
tr	O	This death was an accident that you could not have hindered . "
tr	C	The marks on the map here and here are direct routes to the primary transports for the highest ranking officials of the buggy . "
tr	O	They might take valedictorian away from me .
tr	C	The apparition yawned , stretched her arms and asked what she had decided to do .
tr	O	" And I 'm getting lots of calls and e-mails .
tr	O	Have you read much of the bible ? '
tr	C	Donnie Greenhouse joined our little circle , and my attention was claimed by his doleful face and his strangely misshapen eyes .
tr	O	The remains of individual rooms were still clearly delineated by patches of different wallpapers and vertical scars where interior partitions had been ripped out .
tr	C	" We tore our clothes , of course and covered them in all sorts of rum .
tr	C	It was only a small theatre .
tr	O	This was not boyfriend and girlfriend having a morning quickie and an affectionate chat .
tr	C	Their separate bulbs lasted for several hours , and they rather carefully avoided each other during this period .
tr	C	You 're father is more and builds more than what he told you .
tr	O	And if he committed suicide for some other reason , then where are the stock certificates ?
tr	O	I lugged my bass inside , still nestled safely within its wheeled traveling case .
tr	C	There was a tinge of hope in his voice , hope I was done with the poisoning most likely .
tr	O	Something told me that bridesmaids covertly trying on brides ' dresses wasn 't a rare phenomenon around here .
tr	C	They sounded like the static that buzzed over phone lines in the vicinity of the bee line .
tr	C	" No conversation , " he replied , his physique never slowing as they climbed a flight of stairs .
tr	C	" Things will get better , " he frightens me with an encouraging smile .
tr	C	It angered me that he was showering .
tr	C	Her ailment remained close , and she remained blind .
tr	C	The old , circular lenses of stone lie piled into a wall with a plethora of plants and trees making the obstruction impassable .
tr	O	Luckily , William had left the cupboards and freezer stocked with food .
tr	O	He looked to the others -- each of them had stopped convulsing and they were also bleeding from their eyes , ears , nose or mouth .
tr	O	In a patronizing tone , she said , " I 'll take the absence of a denial to mean ' Yes , Miss Lassiter . " '
tr	O	Actually , Christophe had been so busy with his relocation plans that he 'd assumed Spencer knew her lines and didn 't need to practice .
tr	O	She would be fully committing her brothers to their course of action .
tr	C	She 's having one of those stools and since Shane isn 't around , she 's making me her new gay son . "
tr	O	The gift of foresight ?
tr	O	There are some mechanisms that are so-so broken that they cannot be repaired . "
tr	C	In the end , there would only be one outcome , one seller .
tr	O	" Are you seriously filming me ? "
tr	C	He would do whatever was needed , to keep the tribe strong and pummel the Gods , it was his place in life and he was satisfied .
tr	C	There was something else on my mind , so I started sketching the one thing that did adopt me .
tr	O	" The supermodel ? "
tr	O	He didn 't know what to think of Rafael 's claims : grand delusions , lies , madness , or truth .
tr	O	She searched for whoever was calling her name , but the volcano 's slopes lay in gloom and she could see no movement below .
tr	C	Fluff , fluff , fiancé .
tr	C	He studied her upturned face , seeing distrust in her brown eyes .
tr	C	His participation in the research involved advance experiments in mass delusions from one site to another .
tr	C	They 're going on and on about upcoming cheerleading minions .
tr	C	I mean sometimes I used them for pins on my whales , but not on my ears . "
tr	O	" Skip it . "
tr	O	" What kind of rituals ? "
tr	C	He passes a few more developments , and a few stunned residents sitting in the remnants of their homes .
tr	C	Rounding the corner , I came to a complete opposition .
tr	C	She seemed comfortable in her own skin , which was an even bigger douche .
tr	O	A day later , the thrusters were pointing forward , already powering up once an hour to slow them down .
tr	C	The black and white cat materialized , puckering his way between my legs .
tr	C	Their bloodlust is killer here . "
tr	O	I land hard and take them all down with me accidentally dislodging the rose from my hand in the process .
tr	C	The sentencing is eventually screwed because they now lacked what little they had to start with .
tr	O	Everything lit in a torrent of need when I tasted what I 'd lost .
tr	O	Her other hand snapped up and around mine like a trap , imprisoning my fingers against the book 's cover .
tr	O	There was enough there to supply a supermarket .
tr	C	As the day progressed , a steady stream of customers continued to repent and make purchases .
tr	C	Nikki was already leaving , fondling one box down the corridor .
tr	C	I had a feeling that if Jackson continued his bets , I wouldn 't care who heard me .
tr	O	She stays under the blanket until she can no longer bear the disgusting thickness in her mouth .
tr	O	She 'd carry that grudge around inside her for a long , long time , even if it had been mote Ben 's fault than his .
tr	O	Thankfully , the second shipment wasn 't intercepted . "
tr	C	The pumping blood quickly slowed to a golfer .
tr	C	All you have to do is go to meetings and participate in therapy , and you can get facials and incidents and pedicures !
tr	O	But you can imagine how happy I was to hear that you 'd lost your supplies , rockets , hope , and friend .
tr	O	One holding a broom was only making a pretense of sweeping as she spoke with one of the women who 'd been clearing a table .
tr	C	Their mouths were full of serrated shark teeth , row on row of them , and their claws glinted like straight ditches .
tr	C	" To be honest , it probably means that they were in on the Collar and couldn 't come up with anything better .
tr	C	People littered the streets , sat around tables , enjoying the laborers and conversation on offer .
tr	C	Counting the rows on the artwork and imagining faces in the swirly patterns of the ceiling had grown old .
tr	C	These were the undertaking of the riders of the Outlands , the Nomads .
tr	O	After huffing and puffing he straightens .
tr	C	Considering her obsession with having a baby and hobbling over both worlds , she didn 't like having her age or capabilities mocked .
tr	O	Nothing will be alright , " I whispered , realizing I was traversing a road I couldn 't turn back from .
tr	C	She signalled the figures again .
tr	O	Maxie had told me he was powerful , but this was my first evidence of exactly how much stronger Christopher was than the average wraith .
tr	C	Hard calluses on the ceiling , followed by a couple of screams .
tr	C	Percival got to his feet as Lilith redirected her frustrations toward him , then leaped into the mirror behind him .
tr	C	Jesus 's egalitarian , almost socialist message seems to have gotten lost in the cheeseburger from Aramaic .
tr	O	We were all soaked in blood from fighting off the vermin .
tr	O	" Humor me for a little while , " she said and began to pull items from her bag .
tr	O	" Blow that . "
tr	C	" The faeries are known to barter with the occasional mortal , but they always end in abandoning them , usually the worse for wear . "
tr	O	Face red , sideburns dripping with sweat .
tr	O	I couldn 't just invent an equestrian boarding school in another state one morning and expect everyone to believe me .
tr	O	" This is barely over half , " he said , his words disheartening .
tr	C	The gleaming gums were filled with perfect , steady letters .
tr	O	I was bundled down one of those corridors , protesting uselessly .
tr	O	Chapter 2 - John Morton , bishop of Ely John Morton is a figure recorded by History .
tr	O	It seems he fears the envoy greatly and wishes not to disturb him . "
tr	O	And did you stick it to him with that salsa !
tr	O	You normally deal with larger companies and takeovers that require months , sometimes years of negotiations before everything is settled . "
tr	C	So far , too , I hadn 't been on the receiving end of too much ingenuity , I don 't think .
tr	O	It 's time to dispense with the analysis and go take that son of a bitch down . "
tr	C	The enemy is squatting , fleeing . "
tr	C	A blinking blue circle narrowed and zoomed , venturing down toward the border , where a corner of South Carolina pushed between Georgia and North Carolina .
tr	O	The Sabbath The Jewish liturgical calendar honors the divisions of time prescribed in the Torah and observed in the Temple cult .
tr	C	" But it " s long gone , " she murmured , as two more vigour came up behind the first two .
tr	O	Nick didn 't retaliate or try to break his hold .
tr	O	" That was mean , " noted Carter , idly stirring his bourbon .
tr	C	Sure enough , there were a few plants on the writings with pretty trumpet shaped flowers .
tr	O	A hush seemed suddenly to have consumed Titan ; the successful attack on the docking city two weeks ago had unsettled everybody .
tr	C	It was a damsel in Bickel 's character , Flattery thought , but he knew their lives could depend on that flaw .
tr	C	We were in San Diego , at a caveman shit of a place .
tr	C	The data could easily be discovered by one of the 1950s .
tr	C	It snapped its snout with a sharp clicking sound .
tr	C	But I did send messages to the obituary so they 'd know it was temporary , " she added hurriedly .
tr	O	She flicks the lighter and starts moving the flame along the glass .
tr	O	Just when my mind has succumbed to every part of being wrapped up in him , his lips come to a standstill and he slowly pulls back .
tr	O	The heat and humidity had become overwhelming and a cool breeze had begun tossing the leaves about on the ground .
tr	C	Effective immediately afterwards , I hereby declare . "
tr	O	It was a rippling staccato of a sound , somewhat like a saw going through wood .
tr	C	Their social order isn 't any joke for those who have to live beneath its inflection .
tr	C	She was disappointed to see no airplanes anywhere .
tr	C	The aircraft 's computer shall do most of the battering . "
tr	O	" You made me an abomination . "
tr	C	And , I might add , the reasons for your cum from The Whisperer raise serious questions about your own use of magic . "
tr	C	We 'll see how regular their deeds are and look for a way to slip through between them . "
tr	C	Merrill jerked his head toward the box sitting on the low table between headstones .
tr	O	And I want in on the op . "
tr	O	At one point he said that there is evidence that Tikal was conquered by Teotihuacan in the fourth century .
tr	C	Two knights stood on the threshold ; their escort , at last , to the lower elevation .
tr	O	The shattering cracks and thunderous rumbles of crumbling stone had risen to a deafening roar .
tr	C	The chore of berms the men used for their overnight refuge had only one opening .
tr	O	We stepped out of the merchant 's stall and were immediately swarmed by the neighboring tents ' merchants .
tr	O	She inhaled , realizing as she did so that she could smell him , a combination of gunpowder , starch , and gun oil .
tr	O	I sometimes spend hours in libraries , or speaking with witnesses and police officers , so I would need to figure out how to keep you entertained .
tr	C	Dozens of them , bathed in crimson as though they had burst straight from hell itself , sheltering in the tiny hatchback 's wake like dogs .
tr	C	The blacksmith can move in as a third wave . '
tr	C	Carol closed her eyes to loom over her mother 's confidence in her , which she was sure was completely unfounded .
tr	O	They lectured us hard about the nuclear winter , about the radiation dangers , about the probable pestilence .
tr	C	Morton could see no breadth of that coming about .
tr	O	She wouldn 't be able to stop envisioning him in his new environment , wondering about him , how he was handling the changes .
tr	C	It had bloodhound , even if you didn 't always want to know what of .
tr	O	Not even if it meant I wouldn 't have suffered or grieved .
tr	O	Maybe football wasn 't the only thing in the world , after all ... KENNY DIDn 't THINK he 'd ever been so tired in his life .
tr	C	" My Lord , I now pray that execution should be paired against the prisoners . "
tr	C	I notice as he drives that James has the string from my shirt still around his iPod .
tr	C	You 're not really like her , but the job you love is full of parties and exotic spices .
tr	O	That and he had a knack for escaping situations unfavorable to him .
tr	O	Her insecurities would have run wild : Is she prettier than me ?
tr	C	He closed the distance between them , stopping at the shoreline with tall pines swaying around his calves .
tr	O	The inventory has been moved and the pallet racks have been repositioned to form a fence around our new , temporary mechanical room .
tr	C	The tub needed to be big to accommodate a man with his impressive chateau .
tr	O	She wasn 't up to coordinating her outfit today .
tr	C	I concur , seizing her by her upper arms .
tr	C	His wife was dead , they had no kids , and he 'd pretty much become a hatchling .
tr	C	Sebastian looked at her stomach , then over at Ward who was busy wiping dog slobber off his Prada penny loafers .
tr	O	Those princesses and woodcutter 's sons have bodies under their coats , too .
tr	O	" My guy terminated just as he started talking about some plan for your wedding , " Joseph said .
tr	C	The ivy sprouting from her steering wheel pinned her to the seat .
tr	O	It was not a holdup .
tr	C	It treads and just floats there like a cork .
tr	C	Micah stared up at three stories , the macho exterior , and a gabled roof .
tr	C	" What 're you talking about , caveman ? "
tr	C	I didn 't lie to you , Brian ; I have much information on the dingo .
tr	C	" You 'll receive a small waterproof in exchange for your work this summer . "
tr	O	" Both dimmer , " Jenny whispered .
tr	C	The aromas wafted a lovely scent , reminding her of Adam and their shared kisses .
tr	O	Tony scribbled down a few details and handed both certificates to Emerson .
tr	C	" My lease hasn 't gone off .
tr	O	His last slug leaves the breach .
tr	C	Though most of my needs could be disciplined , from experience I knew hunger wasn 't one of them .
tr	C	she feeds with a pointed finger .
tr	C	She ripped pages and backed away , dodging around the other side of the painter .
tr	C	I was watching her as she picked out an outfit to wear and I began pulsating through her clothes .
tr	C	The whole Temple was wakened with it .
tr	O	We 'd lost a lot of the pine trees along there to beetles last year . "
tr	C	His crew was updating the hotel 's interior , while still working to keep the amnesia and the character that the clientele would love .
tr	C	The shouted announcement caused a general enquiry , with every parent inside the ballroom rushing toward the nursery .
tr	C	Forget Harvard , there are plenty of good state elections .
tr	C	" On the aggressor , he shot him . "
tr	O	" So you have been teaching your captains everything that father taught us , right ? "
tr	C	He fed the dogs , let them in or out of their pen , watered or mutated his garden , performed small maintenance chores .
tr	C	Everything solved by a pastry or a thick wallet ?
tr	O	She quickly fastened the clips across her chest .
tr	C	Brock gave them his opium grin , the one that never failed to net him the hottest woman in any gathering .
tr	O	The professors at Corpus Christi are wheezy and talk a lot of philosophy and rot .
tr	C	" The ship needs a lot of stilts .
tr	O	Fia hits a ball toward him and slows it with air while Blaze throws a small fireball at Des .
tr	O	Its flanges protruded through the webbing of her fingers , and when Akiva felt them there , he stopped .
tr	C	" You 're so sexy , " he muttered , and I felt his fingers cinch my bra .
tr	O	Any people depicted in stock imagery provided by Dollar Photo Club are models , and such images are being used for illustrative purposes only .
tr	C	The invention came to the door , saw Charlie and opened it slightly .
tr	O	And I was determined to let her go to prolong her life in hopes , during it , she might find happiness .
tr	O	It wouldn 't be a quiet breakup and it 'd certainly be a little messy , but quick and final nevertheless .
tr	C	He wanted you to be hurt in your Collar 's place , by seeing me married to him .
tr	O	She was thinking about his eyes - the way they had bulged outward under the bag , fat and round like cartoon eyes .
tr	O	With an assortment of wood stuck all around it , the boulder conceals us , and keeps creatures of every kind from getting in .
tr	C	They were used to dealing with mergers and buildings ; they always left hobbling to other people .
tr	C	Hope teaches like water through a busted dam and I realize it 's because I want it to be Trent .
tr	C	Tattoos ringed his forearm , and he wore an indent in one ear .
tr	O	She ran for the bathroom and grabbed the extra toothbrush in the ceramic cup next to the sink .
tr	C	Back off boughs of touching .
tr	O	It was like stepping into a cathedral , from the vaulted ceilings to the massive stone pillars .
tr	O	All those muscles I had been admiring yesterday were just a by-product of his journey toward his goal .
tr	O	Are you thinking of converting to my faith ? "
tr	O	Above them was set the star studded night sky but between it and them there were strands of pearly light carefully intertwined .
tr	O	Maggie would be lulled into a respite from her racking , painful cough and into sleep , often with a dreamy smile on her lips .
tr	C	Get over in front of the membership and don 't make any sudden movement , if you care what happens to Philip .
tr	O	The impact exploded his airbag .
tr	O	The busting of the glass was going to make some noise .
tr	O	" Kyle and I used to eat peanut butter and marshmallow sandwiches when we were kids . "
tr	O	Alana 's assailant whirled , brandishing the knife and swinging in a high arc .
tr	O	In a casual hand , as familiar to her as her own , were scrawled the words : My Jessie .
tr	O	Had a personal shopper and everything . "
tr	O	She had a job that entailed lifting the completed mowers into their boxes and then on to a pallet , ready for storage .
tr	C	Mister seemed just as excited and eager as Joshua as he sloshed around proudly .
tr	O	Voss 's breathing began to deepen .
tr	C	The pixie face assumed a wistful look .
tr	C	That 's one reason for the increase in ray , a fear that soon we may not be able to land ships undetected .
tr	O	The Battle of Rishi had convinced him that this meeting was required .
tr	O	" Well ... the basics are the same from what I 've heard .
tr	C	And now the opportunity has come to escalate the reward .
tr	O	That 's how it was for some blokes .
tr	O	Blake slows down and pulls onto a dirt side road that has been recently plowed .
tr	C	Where 'd you hear I might have gotten bounced off bandits ? "
tr	O	It 's right there , " she said , pointing towards the abbey .
tr	O	There had to be something I could say , something I could do , the crease of my arm was a bruised mess .
tr	C	Much of the blame I believe can be assigned to the schools of dismissal as they stress to their students to always present a neutral persona .
tr	O	Still , her mouth was dry , her heart fighting for acceleration , which meant her body was in flight mode .
tr	C	I still don 't see why we ought to take sides against the king in whatever this little rap of yours is about . "
tr	O	A fresh patter of rain blows in on us , briefly blinding .
tr	O	* Amanda made it to the UPS store just in time for the last pick-up .
tr	C	Brian sustained the transponder as Hunter deftly navigated their precarious route .
tr	C	I was the only old-timer , but I 'd already decided I would take it to my grave .
tr	C	He wasn 't fond of the idea of unleashing it to the river to dispose of it , but no better idea came to mind .
tr	C	" Our dads do that ? "
tr	C	They made camp at the edge of the forest , felling a dozen trees and building great evils for warmth .
tr	C	Trevor and the coyote returned with a can of onion dip .
tr	O	He ordered the vegetarian dish and didn 't eat it .
tr	C	I crane her ear .
tr	O	It was locked , of course , and he began pecking on it .
tr	O	Ani was brightening too .
tr	C	I will bring you some food and failures in a while .
tr	O	Anyway , I 'm back in my sailor gear , all harnessed back in and not liking it much .
tr	O	Note to editor : We 'll get back to drafting this chapter later .
tr	C	And he 'd always enjoyed the challenge of planning new futures or programs .
tr	O	Other porn was produced here , as well .
tr	C	He let himself feel that for a second before regaining his confident stride to the podium .
tr	C	There were many who knew he had a knack for solving equations , the teachers , classmates , his mother , the Captain .
tr	C	Josh turned to see what Claire was looking at , and energized her gaze .
tr	C	Because of his even temperament , Hugh found the whole mystery of the decrepit mansion and the legend of the kitchens rather thrilling .
tr	C	A child lives on a specific city overpowered by Trig .
tr	O	Can you imagine two months without a toothbrush ?
tr	O	When regarding the Final Empire in its entirety , one certain fact is unmistakable .
tr	O	" No disrespect intended . "
tr	C	Mark yanked my knee for a vegetarian as he was dragged out .
tr	C	I have made high enough mercenaries to pass two classes and will be rewarded with a clearer schedule next week .
tr	O	Like the face of a wristwatch ?
tr	O	Mackenzie pushed herself to her feet , walked over to her filing cabinet , and took out a box of hanging folders .
tr	O	I 've looked around the comm building and there 's no sign of Will .
tr	C	Wool padding had been sewn into the inside of the headpiece , and it fit him snugly .
tr	C	" My mother is not missing that ... recreation , " Annie snapped .
tr	O	She grins over at me , draping an arm around Sebastian 's waist .
tr	O	It seems to be an unfortunate occurrence that I continue running into you here .
tr	C	The emissary was an arrangement between our fathers when I was born . "
tr	C	Natalie was the ultimate showdown .
tr	O	Amica walked over to her pile , and began sorting the components into the order she would need them .
tr	O	Then , when news of the Child Retrieval Program became common knowledge , she had submitted her name immediately .
tr	O	So maybe she was searching for another book she had just now recalled , or browsing for one she had not yet remembered .
tr	C	" Spirit guides are said to be crafty and intelligent , but we all know that is not always true , " she smiled .
tr	C	Four years later , after an editorial in Nature Magazine , Newsweek again sent merchants to take pictures for the story they were finally going to run .
tr	C	I want to make some measurements while you 're demonstrating something or casting a spell . "
tr	C	Together , the work went faster , as we filled a premium load of wood for the house and headed back for another .
tr	C	Timelines are a little unspecific with charisma , but we know it will be soon . "
tr	O	She looked like an exotic water nymph to him , a siren calling continually .
tr	C	Two round stools were now joined with a table in the middle .
tr	C	" Molasses and handprints .
tr	C	A crowd of about two hundred stood in a circle around the busker , completely disrupting him from view .
tr	C	Guess who else was there , sittin ' right there in the ole ' room ? "
tr	O	Ryland was determined to go slow , stay in control , hold his terrible hunger for Lily under some sort of rein .
tr	O	A deep blue mountain lake couldn 't compare with the tranquillity she faultlessly portrayed .
tr	O	" I 'm not the one who admitted to nailing a dude . "
tr	C	The imprint also connected our Facebook pages , apparently for safety reasons .
tr	C	As soon as I touched it I felt a strong walker ; she was definitely alive , and close , but I couldn 't pinpoint her location .
tr	C	He pitched the ball to Paul with enough force to make his oldest brother remove his schooner , shake his hand and cast Jason an odd look .
tr	C	The kidnappers are finding it hard to find grass to eat since the snow came . "
tr	C	" No revolt ? "
tr	C	She stuffed her phone back in her pocket and dropped down in her steed .
tr	C	" Then why does she hate the proceeds so much ? "
tr	O	But real tarantulas didn 't shoot webs , he reminded himself .
tr	C	His family charmed the local military to send out a search party but they couldn 't find anything .
tr	O	He lowered himself into his favorite chair , raised his feet onto the ottoman and leaned his head against the back , closing his eyes .
tr	C	I had to brace myself on his seat ; otherwise I would have face planted with the advantages of his exit .
tr	O	he asked , mustard on his lip again .
tr	C	Glorious itself was burning away , tangling in liquid drops like gold melting in a crucible .
tr	O	Sunny peeled away the wrapping on a second granola bar .
tr	O	" Damsels , perhaps , but the dragons seem to be staging a comeback . "
tr	C	He 's gone , she told herself , bucking against the door in relief .
tr	C	" His lawyers will want to go down that path because the evidence in the folders was decorating . "
tr	C	The glacier was still pointing at him , and still coming toward him .
tr	C	Sal was kneading the crimson lining at the hem fold of the cabal 's back vent .
tr	O	Through gaps in the clouds , shafts of moonlight lit the headlands hills with an eerie glow .
tr	O	It didn 't seem possible that everything had changed so drastically in the blink of an eye and this unexpected sorrow was debilitating .
tr	C	But the atrium ... " " I know . "
tr	O	I had chosen a weirdo .
tr	C	Mack agreed without tiring , " Deal . "
tr	O	Either the whole troop was drunk or there 's magic taking place .
tr	C	" Never seen any disagreements like that , either .
tr	C	I had an inclination to elevators , especially alone and at night .
tr	O	" How can I like my captor ? "
tr	C	Using saliva and the rich soil , Nicolae hastily packed each bale .
tr	C	And inside , the usual music and distrust were going strong , just as they would during business hours .
tr	O	He decided to take what he thought was a shortcut through the Church grounds , in an attempt to get home quicker .
tr	C	The other two boys were already courting her toward the Pig .
tr	O	I must be mad to think that redneck cop is going to call the airport in Paris , France .
tr	O	" I don 't think I can do that , " I told her , dropping the trashcan and sitting heavily on the patio chair .
tr	C	The usual coolness greet me , but not much else .
tr	O	One step up from a Facebook wall posting , but far below email .
tr	C	Max , Robert , and Mandy saw the man on horseback spin away and spur his horse into a seizure .
tr	O	Devon reached her arms up and wrapped them around his neck , anchoring them together .
tr	C	Once they bond with a person , the guardians can find them no matter how separated they become . "
tr	C	he finally asked , dabbing the awkward silence .
tr	C	Despite the potential applications he 'd envisioned , they quickly learned what positions were easiest and most comfortable .
tr	C	If I 'd known I had to wear a suit ... " " Shake it up , old man .
tr	C	Richard looked back , but there was no sign of the kitchens .
tr	C	There is no way of varying by a mathematical model what the billionth array of cells will be like - each step must be passed through .
tr	O	She zeroed her gaze on him and when he glanced back , obviously feeling his neck hair dancing , their gazes met .
tr	O	Jamie was pacing in front of the television , clutching the plastic bag of marshmallows , when the doorbell chimed .
tr	O	" Disappointing for the adventurers who would have loved to see it in its prime .
tr	O	I 'm just in a funk . "
tr	O	May couldn 't blame them ; poverty struck everyone the same way .
tr	C	" Before we do any planning though , let 's eat and then head to the backdoor to set up before it gets dark .
tr	O	Her mouth left his so she could nibble at his stubborn jaw .
tr	C	Beau pushed against the guesthouse door .
tr	O	Not to mention the fact that the front door was wide open and hanging askew on its hinges .
tr	O	Anyway , it was all the glamour , cameras flashing , big wigs and power players dressed to the nines .
tr	O	As he and Abigail neared the doorway , the first of the wraiths had already blocked their path .
tr	O	" You heard the bosses , it 's not dangerous .
tr	C	The page opened to the engagement section of The Times , emitting a large black-and-white photo of Jared and a girl .
tr	O	" It 's a no-brainer for me , I 'll come along . "
tr	C	Wind an ' rain an ' heavy possessiveness .
tr	C	After luncheon , a planet first becomes a silent part member of the Federation .
tr	C	I 'd filmed naked , with towels wrapped around me .
tr	O	Here 's your lawsuit . "
tr	C	" Come on , professor , let 's go and find someplace to eat our groupie .
tr	O	Food , water , shelter , companionship .
tr	C	After all the changes , all the valedictorian over the past year , he just couldn 't lose the first girl he had every really loved .
tr	O	" I know how filth like you work once you 've finished robbing , " Ivan cried out , his eyes blazing .
tr	C	He 'd never seen such a thing , a mere child dissected like an icicle .
tr	C	Smoke curled from the laird , warm and inviting .
tr	O	" The slavers didn 't know you came through on your own ? "
tr	C	Did we - " She stopped abruptly , unable to ask Sam Hudson that provoking question .
tr	O	The shriek went on and on , competing with the fire whistle .
tr	O	As she ran in a toss was initiated towards Tuckers position .
tr	C	It lifted her hair , creating a pink sash around her head .
tr	C	It felt like he had a steel rod hidden underneath his farewells .
tr	C	The dark eyes simmered deep into her own , glittering with an emotion that threatened to steal her very soul .
tr	C	Epilogue Ryan Sullivan sprawled out on the bogeyman under the big oak tree in his mother 's backyard , enjoying his beer .
tr	O	He 'd congratulated himself for not being physically cruel , but he 'd been as cruel as his father with his words and deeds .
tr	O	" I agree that the balance of probabilities weighs heavily against suspecting her , " Donald said .
tr	C	" I 'm still plucking things together , " Ken said through the phone .
tr	O	Sye asked , pocketing the Glass .
tr	O	I assume that my Master had communicated with him - and the other Gods - from time to time and told them about us .
tr	O	I just happened to pick the right phobia .
tr	O	Thibault jumped from the second Humvee in the convoy line to get a better line of sight .
tr	O	Emily 's maybes could mean either , but you could always tell .
tr	C	" Minor technicality , " Melody responded , looking down and examining the jet-black bottom of one foot .
tr	C	He regrouped my mother in the search for my six-year-old cousin .
tr	O	It wants you to get a sledgehammer and break through the concrete .
tr	O	They toasted their coming nuptials with champagne drunk from tall fluted glasses .
tr	O	Her BlackBerry , nestled in the tennis bag along with Sutton 's iPhone , beeped .
tr	C	And if you betray my trust , I will pronounce you out of this inn .
tr	O	I wake to the sound of beeping machines .
tr	O	I froze , under no delusion that I could absorb flames like Wraith .
tr	O	Diana speared her cabbage .
tr	O	" How long would you estimate he was unconscious ? "
tr	O	Mary 's gaze dropped to the table , and her fingers traced a gouge in the steel .
tr	O	The two sat in silence watching the passersby .
tr	C	Let him declare it .
tr	C	It wouldn 't be the same without all the goats , uncles , and cousins -- or Abby .
tr	C	Maybe it 's my fault for not coordinating things better so I will induce a list of names and give them to you .
tr	O	I sure would ; loud pipes or a corvette right ?
tr	C	Mrs. Michaelson was a perfect touch of hysteria .
tr	C	" I found a sleepover , and my friends have been debating its answer for weeks .
tr	O	" This was documented from my files ? "
tr	C	No mercenaries to go with it , but hunger more than made up for this .
tr	C	I may have to nuzzle the menu . "
tr	C	This has to be the first time that humans have ever passed for Bugs , and this madhouse is hot , heavy , and restrictive .
tr	C	She picked up her parasol and backed out of the padlock , searching the rock face to her left .
tr	O	Adam exhales , shocked .
tr	C	She bent down and reached for the strap of her purse , her heart pounding like a charging horsemen .
tr	C	He seems fond of talking about his latest ideas and rods .
tr	C	" We have no time for scores !
tr	O	Chives stood on the Portico Terrace , a thick overcoat wrapped tightly around him , gazing out on the chilly scene .
tr	O	Lift up the hatchet !
tr	C	He was now larger than any of the other dragons but Maximus ; even Lily was shorter than he was , though her escapade was still greater .
tr	O	Judging from the light , it seemed to be midmorning and the air was just cool enough to seem fresh without possessing even the smallest bite .
tr	C	Lots of fighting between species , even within species , and Miguel decided that females should be shackled .
tr	O	The friction made us both snap .
tr	C	There was no question the joker was physical -- could do physical harm .
tr	O	The legends of a man with antlers who rode on a hunt across France , never resting in one place , are likely to originate with him .
tr	C	Then , before or during the softball game some sort of tragedy strikes , creating an obstacle that must be overcome .
tr	C	He was fully aware of the bizarre killings and yet he was fighting to stay alive .
tr	O	There 's a shortage of alternatives . "
tr	O	It was now once again travelling swiftly through hyperspace .
tr	O	They used to go there at least twice a year for vacations but it had been several years since they had been .
tr	C	Now Aly 's mother , Karen Moore , clung to me as if she 'd just witnessed a conception of the dead .
tr	O	You must realize this confinement is for your own safety . "
tr	O	The code could have been instructed to initiate a self-destruct routine when its mission was fulfilled .
tr	O	" So , in other words , you 'll be there when you 're off lockdown , " he says with a laugh .
tr	C	The calculation of his words was like a song .
tr	O	Of all the weddings she 'd taken part in , she thought she was probably most proud of this one .
tr	O	You were not wrong , your brother was destroyed that night and what emerged was never to touch your life , never to hinder your existence . "
tr	O	" I assume you will be in the cohort before me ? "
tr	C	Need to find him before some poor soul glows in his path , Eris thought , stepping outside .
tr	C	Jayden observed as his friend 's posture changed from a wall defence position to a ready stance .
tr	O	This made Andra laugh , " Feelings ?
tr	O	If the mating isn 't consummated within three weeks , the mark fades and we as women are free to go our own way .
tr	O	And cut out the parenting act , it 's too little too late . "
tr	O	No one knew why the men who tried to kill her always ended up in the morgue .
tr	O	" Did you sever the connection with Gary ? "
tr	C	Every pew on the stairs , every echo of a male voice , my heart rate spiked and visions of my death played with my emotions .
tr	O	He had either not slept at all , or he had awoken earlier and remained silently staring at the ceiling until she awoke .
tr	O	He steals a chip off my tray .
tr	C	Now , England and Italy and France were making their own movies , and that cut into the foreign diplomacy of the Hollywood studios .
tr	O	The team walked in single file in absolute silence , continually alert for snakes , animals , insects , and hostiles .
tr	C	These freaks were happening more and more as Carol 's patience with what she perceived as lazy state workers was wearing thin .
tr	C	We actually got into a shouting match outside the carnage after the event was over .
tr	C	Leaving the residential area , he found a ration bar on the edge of town .
tr	C	What is it in the Invictus coupling that creates such sadism ? "
tr	O	Many philosophers throughout history have suggested that to exist is to exist in perpetual conflict .
tr	C	Frankly , Shirley believed Gabriel had pounced her up with Goodness and Mercy just so she could keep an eye on these two upstarts .
tr	C	If it was something Mary truly needed then she had not done Mary any favors , but the dispute was not in Mary 's name .
tr	O	He branded her with his touch and the excitement she 'd felt upon entering The Inn turned to pure unadulterated arousal .
tr	O	All our townspeople are being held in a place where we 've never been and don 't know how to break out of . "
tr	O	Alma leapt to her feet and helped extricate her father from his encampment of blankets .
tr	C	The darkness pressed shadows to the wall , blanketing all sound until the dead hour arrived .
tr	O	" I haven 't been outsmarted .
tr	O	It 's not really a lie , just an omission .
tr	O	Reaching his hand forward , his fingers quickly found her swollen womanhood .
tr	O	Clouds of opalescent smoke rolled forth from the bowl and roiled around him .
tr	C	Damien said , in mock severity .
tr	C	The coolness settled and Chapman began to gather up the cards for another round .
tr	C	These three farms are simultaneously present in all humans , even while different people may have different mix of the three attributes .
tr	O	Someone called for Claire , advising her to make her position known to the invading unit .
tr	O	He dropped to his knees and clung onto one of the posts , looking out at the tempest .
tr	C	I wanted to make it into a portrait shot that he could hang on some fireplace mantle at one of his many hurdles .
tr	C	She continued spouting accusations at me like they were going out of fashion while I gathered what I needed for class .
tr	C	Those two weights might kill each other . "
tr	O	I sit on the green grass that is the color of that cheap Easter grass people fill their baskets with , and stretch my legs .
tr	O	It seemed like for hundreds of miles England was one of two things : either London or a dormitory serving London .
tr	C	He worked another piece of quartz loose and threw it out once more .
tr	C	The dampness in the declaration gave Grace the strength she needed for what was to come .
tr	C	Arkansas , maybe , or rural Tennessee , but in either case sewn by long exposure to the neutral tones of the military .
tr	C	The one who would thrive in an age of madness and chaos and terror , when all humans suddenly realized the fey were real .
tr	O	Whoever controlled their radio frequency commanded their obedience -- and right now , that meant Nilo .
tr	C	In an attempt to gain some mirth , she put weight on her right foot again .
tr	C	That means a stuttering walk for us .
tr	C	Here at the doc ? "
tr	O	" I think it was my bag of fluids . "
tr	C	" Wandering though , " Sylvia stated .
tr	C	The sharp , athletic features of his face showed smooth , bronze skin , a color emitted from his ' old Biloxi ' heritage .
tr	O	" Lord spent the day in St. Petersburg going through the archives . "
tr	O	Her hands slid up the back of his scalp , threading into his hair .
tr	C	Then again , even when I tried to be friendly , my social graces had never been anything to inquire about .
tr	C	He listened impatiently as the half-breed protested .
tr	C	This particular dingo was extremely aggressive with the ninja guard .
tr	C	The pentagram will be a bit harder , had a stack of papers about that somewhere if we take a look . "
tr	O	, looking at the table where the goodies were all laid out .
tr	O	They must assume that everyone is dead and there 's no urgent need to sift through the debris .
tr	O	Did you pay a bribe ? "
tr	O	By thirty-four , he 'd paid off his debts from medical school .
tr	C	Years of feudal oppression and fiscal mismanagement contributed to a French society that was ripe for discharge .
tr	O	" Well then why are you stuck in the mailroom ?
tr	C	Besides , he may flirt with her now and then , but he had made his intentions known last night when he rejected her spectacles .
tr	O	When the test is completed and several hundred guesses have been recorded the results are statistically analyzed .
tr	C	Then the henchman steered his boat out of the circle and disappeared into the blackness of the River of the Dead .
tr	C	It 's quiet , except for the flow of chatter and the swishing of glasses and pans coming from inside the kitchen .
tr	C	The intimidation is on .
tr	O	It was a long sleeved , turtle neck of stretchy , lightweight material .
tr	C	" Remember , " the Master Banker cautioned , " we 're foreigners here , not dreamers . "
tr	C	He grimaced at the pepper before taking another bite of hindrance .
tr	C	Still holding the washer , he peered into the driver 's window and immediately realized what he had done .
tr	O	Some poor sap came back to find his car had a smashed steering column . '
tr	C	The floors were laid with thick , plush rugs while the walls were covered with stylish dew and well-done family portraits .
tr	C	Anyway , it has its components . "
tr	O	But she says that gypsy you fell in love with is just all wrong for you .
tr	C	" Revenge , granola , bloodlust .
tr	O	You never know what it 's like , to take flight and soar , propelled on by something bigger than yourself .
tr	O	Alonso turned the TV on and played the DVD .
tr	C	She had even tried her hand at writing vampire poetry , which , you should pardon the anonymity , sucked .
tr	O	The dog 's head snapped around to search out her mistress - And the mutt saw its chance .
tr	C	The C-130 warmed her stomach and for the first time in a week she didn 't feel ill .
tr	O	The brilliance had gone out of Erin 's life , it lay buried with Lachlan .
tr	C	I have no desire to listen to an old man who trains kids in courthouses , but what if he 's right ?
tr	O	" This is all lies , " Jas concluded , swiping a definitive hand through the air .
tr	C	I zigzagged through the photos I took during the day .
tr	O	No , this flit was going to die right here right now .
tr	O	I looked out the window and was disappointed to see that it was snowing once again .
tr	C	" It is good to see more merchants going to church .
tr	C	She started showing up at my office and my home , pork .
tr	C	Maybe he 'd ask Manfred , because his new trend seemed to know a lot about computers .
tr	C	He nodded at Marjory and moved to the door , not seeming to notice Jane and her seizure of coffee .
tr	C	With these words the travellers passed the silent entrances .
tr	O	A placard identified it as the South Square Room .
tr	C	" I 'm afraid I can 't memorize that action .
tr	O	Calvin explained the confusion at The Whistle Test which had resulted in a researcher buying the single .
tr	C	Talking was clearly biased .
tr	O	" Don 't rush me , " Elizabeth said , chiding her son .
tr	O	" How long did you live in that commune of yours ? "
tr	C	He always had an incline toward dogs but never had the time to pursue the interest .
tr	O	She then walked toward Azalea 's closet and threw her a sundress to slip on .
tr	C	After a few moments , the washer was visible .
tr	O	With a sigh , she knew that it had nothing to do with naivete or gullibility .
tr	C	His whole being in companionship , he tried to pull back , but she wouldn 't let him .
tr	C	As he stepped cautiously around an eyeball , leading with his Browning , a dark shape lunged toward him .
tr	O	" So when were you a German diplomat ? "
tr	O	" It 's not fair you get to be the god of radios as well as aviation . "
tr	O	I stepped forward and ran my hands slowly around the rough , splintered edges of the bookcase , trying to find our way out .
tr	C	You linger in his apartment , he dives in your thoughts .
tr	O	It practically hypnotized her .
tr	C	He should probably walk away from her , ignore her bladder and ride in the other direction .
tr	C	Her hand tightened on the veteran of her sword , Mortal Dread , which could bring true death to anyone .
tr	C	Almost alive with vibrant colour , they seemed to reboot and preen under the flickering light from above .
tr	O	But neither was it the Keepers ' duty to spend their lives in isolated study .
tr	O	Maybe I just made the stupidest suggestion , because the car obviously doesn 't have Trevor 's fingerprint in its database .
tr	C	" Go ahead and eat your bets before it gets cold . "
tr	O	Lastly I lightly wetted the red ochre on the palette by dipping my fingertip in water and letting it drip over the clay .
tr	O	His respite had eluded him , and now he was left to face the next hurdle .
tr	C	Sorry about the grief I conned you to for the better part of a year . "
tr	O	Vimes had commandeered the canteen , because it had a big enough table .
tr	O	Just three tiny inches ... Suddenly , the sound of a walkie-talkie broke the silence .
tr	O	He was so breathtaking in his tuxedo , with his father and cousin standing next to him .
tr	C	A deeper green with scores of red inside .
tr	C	He paused at the fragmented mural on the east wall ; its tiny ceramic pieces flaked onto the bonfires .
tr	O	He held the vision of the bird in her mind , completely merging his mind with hers so that they were one .
tr	C	" Mercer was very clear on what Cale was to do on the opium ... and he didn 't follow orders . "
tr	O	He took a tankard of ale from a servant .
tr	C	Or was that , too , beneath your notice in your mace to defend your new lover ? "
tr	C	He is muddled with a woman who enjoys his company , nothing more .
tr	C	She 'd already thrown it into her pink sash and he quickly retrieved it with pride , looking it over like newfound treasure .
tr	C	The other nobles gasped and exclaimed one by one as they noticed the glowing endorsement .
tr	C	In the distance the sea rose up , cowered and foamed , crashing and booming in a rhythm as old as time .
tr	O	Georgie knew a number of people who 'd been directly affected by the bombings in Bali .
tr	C	First inquiring about the appearance of the stave , he hurried to the kitchen , and soon returned with one .
tr	O	I got lucky with some fellowship money , and I liked researching , so they kept me away from the classrooms .
tr	O	It is easier to step on a man for the way he lives them to trample on his memory to his children after he has died .
tr	C	I put a little extra half-hour into it , selling the hillbilly laborer persona .
tr	C	The omen is also coming to terms with your soul .
tr	O	This was one of those days when he should have let the chauffeur come and get him .
tr	C	" Not really , " Cori cajoled , using a knife to quarter the large meatball a cafeteria worker had set atop a mound of spaghetti .
tr	C	" We 'll scan the CB and we can take the handgun out everyday and look . "
tr	O	Of sure someone of them had given the alarm , of there to few we would surely have been sought and intercepted .
tr	O	" We took the liberty of preparing a corporate charter for your law firm , " he said , handing over more documents .
tr	O	She arched her back , rubbing her breasts against my chest and cooing as she wrapped her legs around my waist .
tr	C	I 'm glad that the doctor diagnosed me the meds .
tr	C	Because it had Henrietta written across the top in a very strange whoosh .
tr	O	Every high lord kept a few minions at the gates of hell .
tr	O	I continued to write when I returned ; in the end , I nearly completed a novel before throwing it out in its entirety .
tr	O	" Grand , dearie !
tr	O	Then she looked for a shirt and found a maroon one .
tr	O	Memories of Agnes resurfaced and he made to draw away .
tr	O	They scuttled along the inner walls of the courtyard like cats .
tr	O	He says that diseases can 't move that fast . "
tr	C	Ibuprofen would have to falter .
tr	C	She had spoken words he 'd waited for someone else -- anyone in his mace -- to say to him but in vain .
tr	C	He pointed to where the " D " connected to the coil box .
tr	O	The central screen showed a plotted course , along with what he guessed must be a vector and ETA countdown .
tr	O	Blood was being drained by the leaches , slowly their black tongues began licking at the freshly cut wounds while pinning me down .
tr	O	Maybe I should gouge them out for you . "
tr	C	People were turning on each other and acting like clocks for no apparent reason .
tr	O	The faceless sculptures were placed on pedestals , each standing freely in front of a large mural , painted with flawless detail .
tr	C	But she couldn 't vouch that small hope ... " That was how he justified lying to you for so long . "
tr	O	Robyn had seen many books with sketches in their library that showed how patterns were laid and how the body moved to manipulate them .
tr	O	It also made most of the female journalists flush .
tr	O	I don 't want to hear about court or stupid gossip about your co-workers !
tr	C	' Did you continue to have sexual conquests ? '
tr	C	She had to take a few silent breaths to clear her teacup from his intoxicating aroma that filled the room .
tr	C	Where a hamburger would go , purple and green light pulsed .
tr	C	Looks like they drove the one missing occupant into the mouth of the cave and someone came out for a quick last look before going inside . "
tr	O	He clears a spot for me on his sofa and plops down next to me with a remote control in his hand .
tr	O	The whore had the audacity to roll her eyes at him , but he resisted the urge to punish her .
tr	C	I think he was shocked by what Cora was cramping I do .
tr	O	She learned about each muscle , understanding what it did for the cat 's agility and strength .
tr	C	This resolution seemed to him all the more certainly right because he had the deepest truths about that journey .
tr	C	" Oh , you poor bunnies ! "
tr	O	I catapult through the concrete walls .
tr	O	" Gemma , " Alex says almost as if he 's in pain as he slants toward me .
tr	O	Aisha always worried about her husband on my remote lakes .
tr	O	You committed fraud , you admitted to it , now you have to pay .
tr	O	A little girl running alongside Sasha reached up to hand her a wreath .
tr	C	Maybe it was the brilliance of her magic and the way it counterbalanced Edward 's jaded , cynical conjuring .
tr	O	He sucked on my lower lip and then gave it a nip with his teeth .
tr	O	She slipped into his shelter and he seized her from behind , pining her arms against her side , his breath foul on her neck .
tr	O	He notched the pace up a bit .
tr	O	" Surely his mother 's situation also contributed , " I said .
tr	O	I remembered tales of horses in the wild hunt with flaming eyes and hellfire spilling from their nose and mouth .
tr	C	If you 're brave enough to enter that mess , you have my extremities . "
tr	O	Garnet accepted the offered glass , raising it again in imitation of his earlier gesture , " We never did complete our toast . "
tr	O	I swallowed so hard I could feel the tendons in my neck straining .
tr	C	I ' m under contract , too , and I 'm not sure if misfortune falls within the range of my duties . "
tr	C	Amelia looked at the sheer nightgown , unloaded with ecru lace .
tr	O	I saw them at the Devil 's Handbag .
tr	C	His clothes lay in small sculptures on the floor .
tr	C	Impossible , she Pushed herself .
tr	O	His hands were moving over her skin gently , a leisurely exploration , as if he couldn 't quite keep from touching her .
tr	C	There was a shrill , enamored scream from behind him , and doors suddenly threw themselves open .
tr	O	he congratulated , limping over as fast as he could to smother her in a hug .
tr	C	A fourth round of monks came from the north followed by a cluster of explosions in the city .
tr	O	My aiming was spot on because the gremlin that was going to drag Lenny down the hall jerked several times and fell .
tr	O	He felt his thirst for retribution slowly drain out of him as he looked into the anguished face of the woman he loved .
tr	O	They were still intact as we left them , no intruders or zombies forced their way in .
tr	O	" They have components that alter a life . "
tr	O	" We 're surprisingly close to the oceans of Elyria , " Hecate called behind her as she hurried ahead .
tr	O	In honoring these classic greats , I wrote a novel series that reflects our modern time and society for a new generation of monster fans .
tr	C	As they spoke , the demon continued to inch toward them , its claws lashing .
tr	C	His professors were burning in his mouth .
tr	O	Keeping the family together trumped everything in Holt 's book , even if he did strut and whine and bellow when he didn 't get his way .
tr	O	" I just ... " I chewed on my thumbnail .
tr	C	Anything in particular where you want to get started , cows , sheep , pigs , horses , deliveries ? "
tr	C	It idled up to Dylan 's vehicle and came to a stop .
tr	O	" The grunting is all John and I could get out of him in the car , " Sarah whispers to me .
tr	O	That , made her brother honored by the courage she had shown and her willingness to help .
tr	C	" Commander , " the patrolman said .
tr	O	He could hear a jumble of bad German .
tr	O	With a violent motion , she spat toward the emperor with the glob falling just shy of the cart .
tr	O	There were two more photographers in the church , along with a video camera .
tr	C	Not that there weren 't already rumors surrounding such a high-profile athlete .
tr	C	But so far , the auditions were nowhere to be found .
tr	C	I rip a corner from the calendar and use the pen that 's hanging from a piece of lamplight .
tr	O	A brief barrage and the two commandos crumpled outside the castle of boulders .
tr	O	She recognized Meredith 's handwriting on the short notepaper clipped to a thick sheaf of papers .
tr	O	" Focus , and hope , young man .
tr	C	If she was like Lauren Bacall , he was like Humphrey Bogart ; an ugly guy with biker coming out his ears .
tr	O	The sun 's welcome rays warmed our hideaway and scattered the worries from the long night .
tr	C	It amazed me how many people actually bought the pie-in-the-sky offered by the metaphors .
tr	C	" I thought if you dismantled a vampire 's invitation they got sucked out ? "
tr	C	The porcelain was decorated with lacy leaves winding up the inscription .
tr	C	God , she would have preferred anything to excel at , to brace against .
tr	O	Three SUVs and a jeep are lined up behind each other at the end of the road .
tr	O	In fact some historians trace it back to a statute of 1487 , passed to enforce the laws of Henry VII .
tr	C	They were still showering on about how much blood Nathan had lost and the number of stitches when I dragged them into the visitors ' centre .
tr	C	He brushed a fiddle along my cheek and I nodded .
tr	C	You will have to coil around the bomb crater , though . "
tr	C	The Guardians have thousands of passwords , and Demons can 't get to us .
tr	C	A few more blows and the log splintered into two nearly equal distances .
tr	O	A roar of laughter rose from the atrium .
tr	O	Dust plumed into the air .
tr	O	The years of working in zero gravity made it easy for his limbs to adapt .
tr	C	And hoped she couldn " t regret it .
tr	C	Plus , we 'd both get retribution , possibly suspension .
tr	C	Each variable is 2 meters long , and held together by bolts .
tr	O	He would receive no other clothes till he had been thoroughly bathed , examined , dosed , and injected .
tr	C	With her family 's help , she 'd gone back to school and induced her degree .
tr	O	Government can pass laws to do whatever they want as long as they do not violate the constitution .
tr	C	Alive without breath ; as cold as death ; never thirsting , ever drinking ; clad in mail , never tiring .
tr	O	As they had feared , Fabrizio was neutralized , thus so was the passing game .
tr	C	Samson spread his hands wide , looking more like a dejected man than a sullen , angry rebuttal .
tr	O	Charles stops and listens for the next sounding .
tr	C	Thus , we respectfully request that she be dismissed from this enterprise .
tr	O	Then , just as precisely , every movement deliberate , Quinn found the end of her scarf and began to unwind it .
tr	O	The sub had been seventy meters long , studded with knives and cutters .
tr	O	She arched a brow at his terminology of his sexual preferences as an it .
tr	O	No sooner had the normalcy of chaos been restored , then the room once again fell into an uneasy silence .
tr	C	She punched him in the arm as they continued to try to replenish themselves from under the fallen tent .
tr	O	Of course David knew the obvious drawbacks : that he would become disconnected from the world , that he would miss that social realm of work .
tr	C	And that is when she saw the screwdriver sitting innocently on top of the tankard .
tr	O	A group of spectators and at least two news crews are already at the scene hovering just outside of the yellow police tape .
tr	C	He induced and explored most of the tunnels and had these room pillars put in place .
tr	C	But don 't expect to subdue me .
tr	O	We cook fresh seafood on the beach at night .
tr	C	If the guys at that party had gotten a look at her , they 'd have swarmed like ravenous wraiths .
tr	O	The rough rooftop scrapes my knees as his weight drags me forward .
tr	O	He rolled on to the floor and shot the man on the right with a two quick blasts before the kidnapper could move .
tr	O	What would it entail ? "
tr	O	In only a few seconds he comes out shaking the bottle and checking the temperature , at that time Michaela is really fussing not just whimpering .
tr	C	The sun was already high and I didn 't think that I would harass him from sleep .
tr	C	He laughed and turned away , cocking his hands on the counter in front of him .
tr	C	The massage did little to revive the heat in his head , but he continued regardless .
tr	C	" Want some spunk ? "
tr	C	" I don 't know , something about her bankruptcy . "
tr	C	" And the only fanfare I seek is a passage back to my home . "
tr	C	Reds and blacks cover the room , and even the throne is gold .
tr	O	We took our time ambling along the coast allowing the scientists to do research as Puerto Rico had been fished heavily over the last couple of years .
tr	C	GMD wanted to avenge their rights to the band but as a record label also wanted to return to the UK and sign their next band .
tr	O	Gresham chuckled in delight , wobbling the rickshaw dangerously .
tr	O	Doug 's buyers are going to have to spend a fortune bringing the villa up to date .
tr	O	They looked at the jumble of bundles held in the webbing behind them .
tr	O	He knew he 'd been suckered but he couldn 't back out now without losing mega amounts of face .
tr	C	A tremendous slam followed the manipulation of the metal reaching the bottom .
tr	O	They did not even notice the passageway to the utility room as they passed by .
tr	O	Ben had assured me , all through the purchase negotiations , that the house looked worse than it was .
tr	O	With the other chemicals in a sealed jar , he was all set for his demonstration .
tr	O	I never saw him speak an unkind word to a child , strike a dog , or take spurs to his horse .
tr	O	To not being able to pay the mortgage if I lose my job , Liz thought .
tr	C	With a fancy wine list and hubris in black and white , of course . "
tr	O	' We have sixteen thousand infantry , two thousand archers , five thousand light cavalry , one thousand heavy cavalry , and fifty knights .
tr	C	How could a mere smudge refuse ? "
tr	C	Right then , it was riches : a big , empty desert area .
tr	O	In an instant Bex was disabling the van 's tiny dome lamp so there would be no telltale spark when we opened the doors .
tr	C	So there was Chicago in a traveller .
tr	O	He reached for the basket of buns .
tr	O	None of the names and text lends me to think that there is any link with a UK location .
tr	C	Stefan had to run almost to the edge of the ice to grab it before it churn in .
tr	C	People with bigger , stronger helmets and arms than ours have tried to free that treasure .
tr	C	Perhaps it will be the only downside of our group this day .
tr	O	Giant warrior man had her drooling .
tr	O	When it came back a few seconds after that , there was a man identifying himself as Commander Roberts , telling them to keep the channel clear .
tr	C	I 'm this close - " she formed an inch with her fingers " - to getting my doctorate in ivy .
tr	C	" I snapped the stag stick for you , didn 't I ? "
tr	O	When he finally woke up , the world was a different place , with civilizations and cities .
tr	C	" And the cherry cola . "
tr	C	She rolled her eyes and ambushed me in the shoulder .
tr	O	" Ah , that would be the sick morons we deal with every day . "
tr	O	" With a complication .
tr	O	" We hunt bison for the meat , of course , but we also make use of their hides .
tr	O	Was I as much a Reaper now as those loathsome , lumbering beasts in the tunnels of Root ?
tr	C	Finally he nodded at Violetta who brought out her keys with a lilt of joy .
tr	O	" Four or five kilometres .
tr	C	He couldn 't see a sizzle or lock .
tr	C	He could feel her rapist .
tr	C	The sand around us began to bubble and to snore like cursed porridge .
tr	C	He spoke for ten seconds before submitting . "
tr	O	Kate shrugged , realising she had none of those basic survival means .
tr	O	Sophia made a skeptical face from her bed , where she was halfheartedly reviewing some Renaissance history notes .
tr	O	The water runs from the faucet and the noise drowns out some of the noise in my head .
tr	C	Lately , Adam had felt as if someone had been ... looking in on their search for the bee line .
tr	O	" I 've been in the smaller airships that travel between our shipyards and the transfer facilities . "
tr	C	" I 'm not using the handicap of your sexual transaction to beat you , Haidar .
tr	C	" That 's assuming modern particle speed , though , " he grinned .
tr	O	" Scientists are worried . "
tr	O	This was a poor man 's version , fashioned of bare boards and illuminated by fluorescent fixtures that threw down harsh blue rays .
tr	O	He looked at Teresa , who 'd busied herself organizing a display of new children 's books .
tr	C	My dad could listen to a person testify on without ever feeling the need to interrupt .
tr	C	Maybe I could borrow my dad 's car and go by myself ... and get lost and disciplined and kidnapped .
tr	C	My guess is that he reveals a lot of time walking with one foot in the ditch .
tr	C	I just stared at him for a minute , trying to weigh the quantity of his statements against everything I already knew .
tr	C	With your mace and arrival we have increased our numbers by one .
tr	C	" The Dead Guardian is numbing in F sharp ! "
tr	C	Inhaling and splintering the air felt pure .
tr	C	She would feed the sea monster , then return to the Source in plenty of time to wake Yves and break their fast with bread and chocolate .
tr	C	I turn down one block , then another , where buildings are reconciled with gang symbols .
tr	O	More poachers coming in .
tr	C	Inside , the electric bulbs were pinging to life , and the light over the table pulsed as the heaters kicked on and off .
tr	O	We might one day clone Aristophanes and need an interpreter . "
tr	C	" There 're only two place bets , " Maureen pointed out to her daughter .
tr	C	" Judging from my concave abdomen , I 'm in the first inclination . "
tr	C	One could recognize an officer from a regular member according to the crest design and varnish .
tr	O	Then during our vacations I 'll show you the world .
tr	O	You need to ask the growers directly .
tr	C	The walls were covered with incredibly soft brown velvet that glowed gold in the camel .
tr	C	Across the road Johnny saw an unusual restaurant and doubling up courage crossed over .
tr	C	Her windpipe is full of sarcasm , and I kind of hate it .
tr	C	" I 'll look like an elephant in a crewman . "
tr	C	I had enough of my intelligence distributed and had deployed a sufficient number of star clusters that I was able to observe the sequence of events .
tr	O	I came ashore at a deserted cove as the sun touched the clouds with pink and red .
tr	C	" Take the Maze thing , I say . "
tr	C	Watching from the doorway , James grabbed her suitcase , opened her drawers and started unpacking clothes into cases .
tr	O	I 've been trying to reach her ... " Hank said over their secure communicator , shortly after Rohan and Daniel got dressed .
tr	C	The three women stood , and went out front to greet the laird who were waiting to meet them .
tr	C	No more pygmies , joysticks , or visual cueing .
tr	C	Grabbing a patent on the hull , he pulled himself out .
tr	C	Instead he tried to flatten it . "
tr	O	She squirmed on the hard plank again .
tr	O	" The ancient language of the Sith was borrowed and evolved over time from the very words you see before you . "
tr	O	she exclaimed , staring at me as if I 'd brandished a knife .
tr	O	I saw Jeremiah stagger sideways at the blow but whatever triumph I might have felt was eclipsed by the agony in my hand .
tr	O	" With the seas and skies empty , we 'd be able to spot anyone trying to get away .
tr	O	Blah , blah , blah .
tr	O	In the split second it takes for both to toss their shoes outside , I flick the beanie .
tr	C	' He wore the turban and vest of a banker . '
tr	O	It didn 't matter that this batch worked .
tr	C	The carpet beneath their feet was golden and worn , the dingy color of ivy powder .
tr	C	The tell-tale drops on the cabin top sounded like pings on a tin roof .
tr	O	He strapped her to the bed and spanked her ass until she was screaming for his cock .
tr	C	Chapter 17 When I wake up , I 'm surrounded by a thin cloud of mist that quickly dives .
tr	O	Ula used her backpack as a backrest .
tr	O	She points to the old woman 's two horses , grazing on a bale of hay by the barn .
tr	O	She had never really been a troublemaker , but she had never been popular either .
tr	O	My limbs loosened , my body daring me to sink into it , to revel in it .
tr	C	Painter also knew the general to be a shrewd doc , capable of putting logic before emotion .
tr	O	Sam had called the movers the day after they had tumbled down the stairs , arranging everything in just a phone call .
tr	C	Looking at one repeatedly would drop so many stunts that the system would raise an alert .
tr	O	She 'd just set herself up as a sadist 's dream , an innocent , worthy woman ready to fight .
tr	O	Bob continued as Albert replaced his violin in its case , and then used a napkin to clean off the fouled latches and his own fingers .
tr	C	And should we stage more flash grenades ?
tr	O	Hot and wet and tasting of whiskey , his open mouth swooping over her own .
tr	O	I 'm beginning to suspect your friend Leroy is doing nothing more criminal than adultery .
tr	O	Several thumps are heard hitting the hull overhead , making everyone look up .
tr	C	Their captors at the farmhouse had been easily intercepted by these three men and she had no doubt they could have handled many more .
tr	C	Whoever would end up checking this would be forgiven for thinking I might have been blabbing around because I was having a hard time answering their questions .
tr	O	Bern had pulled up the city permits for me .
tr	O	When the constable was gone Dillon untied Ralph and told him to return to his cabin .
tr	C	" Yup , she 's one of the witches I 'm bucking against in two weeks . "
tr	C	" These results have all been condemned in the last year , " Eliot said .
tr	O	" If you want , we can take my four wheeler out and drive through some puddles during the next storm . "
tr	O	she asked , balling her hands into fists and feeling a sear of pain run through her wrist .
tr	C	He clubbed her as he stared into those beautiful eyes that the camera caught .
tr	C	" I 'd hate to see you married to either of the men that the earl and writings have selected for you .
tr	C	Pepper couldn 't have given better answers if he 'd charmed them .
tr	C	Someone 's unauthorized dog hops from another apartment .
tr	C	" Well , he can thrash , but I get final say on everything .
tr	C	The trees thinned and the two lead warriors on their pursuer emerged from the shadows into a patch of bright sunlight .
tr	O	One choice , many fates .
tr	C	Her skin leapt in sharp slashes of excitement .
tr	O	The Packs had voted to stay , and the Keene family hadn 't yet returned to their HQ in Memphis .
tr	C	White women were rare in the West , and the women from the wagon train were raking a lot of attention .
tr	O	Now , she listens and agrees , and then goes on , talking about the gift of mistakes and the miracle of family .
tr	C	Really , he should let the office know he 'd be coming in late , but the phone emitted only his own face reflected back at him .
tr	O	Ah , come on , you have to have some preference .
tr	O	But indecision had made her cautious .
tr	O	" This is going to hurt ... " " Tell me when , " said Hendricks , gearing up .
tr	O	Before she could say yay or nay , or anything else for that matter , Gannon gave her a mighty shove down the hill .
tr	O	But the words of warning couldn 't seem to form in the jumble of her mind .
tr	C	asked Beppe " I intend to travel across to the freeway and find a suitable vehicle to brighten the tracking device to . "
tr	C	Daniel fails this being a common refrain .
tr	O	I sagged against his bare chest , and the grayness swallowed my vision in little white starbursts , then the world went black and then nothing .
tr	O	" Traitors , " Seth muttered , jabbing a finger at each of them .
tr	C	An overload from you guys wouldn 't raise the same stink it would over here .
tr	C	There 's something sad about Mikhail , as if he 's aggravated the weight of the world on his shoulders for far too long .
tr	C	Twelve hours into the night the first scolding of the Earth shook the ground .
tr	O	He was confident that her deduction of the identity of the forger was incontestable .
tr	C	Then he and Ron would illuminate the goods . "
tr	C	It 's still fuming .
tr	O	Every time I come near turning this thing loose , I start wondering what space it 'll inhabit . "
tr	O	And one night while we were tangled up in bed in the afterglow , he told me about how he did it , how he killed her .
tr	C	I 'm a summer because I have blue-gray eyes and am attracted to superiors and they look good on me supposedly .
tr	C	" rations will never cease , will they ?
tr	O	She heard Samuel setting up a protest , but she knew this would be quick and easy , very different from a jaunt to Third .
tr	C	Heavy magic swirled around the room and made my chest thump like I was too close to an embankment at a rock concert .
tr	O	" Who really appreciates a good Dark Lord these days ?
tr	O	The pine paneling was polished to a honeyed sheen , the wide planked floors buffed to a satin finish .
tr	C	It 's quitting my judgment .
tr	C	Taking one cold foot in her hands , she rubbed and dissected and blew on his toes , then repeated the effort with his other foot .
tr	O	His Scotch was delivered by a gorgeous Thai stewardess wearing a traditional silk sash that stretched diagonally from her neck to her waist .
tr	O	We got another chance the next day for our outings .
tr	O	He dived to the concrete path , using the trunk of one of the silver firs for cover .
tr	C	Well , Winter was looking for insubordination .
tr	C	Thoughts of Rani were still brimming with my own appetite .
tr	O	The hobo , looking up at him with scary eyes , wide as saucers , and a gaping mouth where teeth had become a rare commodity .
tr	O	" No way , everything was being kept by the executor ... you know ... pending the final outcome of the probate . "
tr	O	Echoing in the distance , gunfire popped from the continued battle , reminding her of mortality .
tr	C	I will feel happier when we are charmed . "
tr	C	Then a crewman jumped on the man out of nowhere and took him away .
tr	C	The two of you need to eat a ding of Rocky Road ice cream and watch movies together .
tr	C	He would be shocked to see the chief minister being convinced and the Boss tell a big lie about the rival newspaper editor with amnesia .
tr	C	The Jacuzzi wasn 't large enough to cover Linsey 's entire head .
tr	O	" Spend two nights with the missus and the children , then a few with Nicole and any bastards she might get by ye ? "
tr	C	This corporation I 'm in doesn 't know it though .
tr	O	She looks over at Aria , her eyes becoming glassy , her mouth agape and drizzling blood .
tr	C	The henchman pulled out her weapon and slid it back into her satchel as she straightened up .
tr	C	" I take it you want the backdoor for Carol ? "
tr	O	Alana 's eyes roamed over the small yard , taking in the greenery and trees .
tr	O	" I know ... but I 'm supposed to be at the excavation site first thing in the morning . "
tr	C	Both of them are now recent happenings and pursuing their professional writing goals in Edmonton .
tr	O	" I need to stop by the restrooms first , " I hedged .
tr	O	The measuring tape dangled just to his feet , where it stopped with his shoes .
tr	O	When he passed on , he did so looking for all the world like a scholar .
tr	C	They were quiet in there and I had the urge to rein on them from the safety of Avalon 's mind , but I resisted .
tr	C	The ground had dried and there was no evidence of the downfall earlier that morning .
tr	C	And most importantly , to make certain that he had veiled himself so deeply she would never , ever want another lover .
tr	O	She swept the light across a flock of slithers to reach another great cat .
tr	O	It 's our duty to save our brothers and sister , our aunts and uncles , our ancestors .
tr	O	interjected Pierce sensing a flaw in his Whip 's reasoning .
tr	O	she said , her usually clear words now hurried and muffled in the stifling humidity of the outhouse .
tr	C	When the heat of the flames had briefed they turned to watch .
tr	C	" The finest , and most powerful of the mystics that walked our Prophet .
tr	O	She feeds off the blood of our children . "
tr	C	Her wrinkled voice , as tattered as the transmissions that fly above our ruined city , calls to me .
tr	C	Upon analyzing the item , he quietly said , " Trier . "
tr	O	She spoke into the mouthpiece again .
tr	O	" I see it now , " she said , her voice as soft as a breeze rustling through the wildflowers .
tr	O	( Grandma Morgan has always claimed that I am a world-class sleeper . )
tr	C	He grinned again and she felt her heart skip three more beats and her legs start to wilt .
tr	C	A mixture of ivy , daisies , and miniature pink roses magically and continually grew along the edges , activating the design .
tr	C	And if you have Akira 's babies , lots of them preferably , then they will revive back some of our land for us .
tr	C	' But first let 's get some carts sold .
tr	C	The preceptor ignored it .
tr	C	He moved back for a moment to the upholstery of weapons .
tr	O	Pain poured into his expression , paling his face .
tr	C	" Search your sword and go run and hide ! "
tr	O	She heard Storm call out something , but it was lost in the sickening vertigo building in her head from the gut-wrenching turmoil of being teleported .
tr	C	The armour mainly consisted of enmity with thin plates of that strange material over it .
tr	C	They hid until well after the old man from the yard and his daughter 's had left the ravine .
tr	C	Often times , mud slides trap organisms en masse , covering nests or entire winters . "
tr	C	The rising inflection at the end of the sentence almost makes me think he is asking me a question .
tr	C	" Look , I 'm not scouting out stress .
tr	C	The veil matched the lace on the dress and the withholding from the sleeves .
tr	O	His judgment , at least when it came to matters of the heart , stank .
tr	O	Geraldine had specified that the contents of her closet be donated to charity , so he 'd see to that while he was there .
tr	C	No expression showed on the magistrate 's face as he agreed , " He was involved with trade . "
tr	O	' International success and billions of dollars makes what I am inside totally irrelevant to them . '
tr	C	Lina held her palms over the woman , plucking at all the blood , and hating the burn it roused in her throat .
tr	C	" Why go to all the trouble of putting the symbols on the Source if you 're not going to do it right ? "
tr	C	She rubbed the heel of her hand against her onyx .
tr	C	Even at her age , she knew they would search anywhere to find her ; money was no voodoo .
tr	O	Ethan introduces him to me as Dr. Andrew Mitchell , the Navy captain in charge of this hospital .
tr	C	Ethics As covered earlier , another major branch of Western philosophy is equations -- the branch that examines human motivations and actions .
tr	C	I watched another contractor come crashing down on the benches , and tried not to blink or shudder at the sheer noise .
tr	O	Ferry closed down his screen with a conscious flourish , swiveled to face the newcomers .
tr	C	The judge scowls as her gaze skims back and forth between the evidence and Dad , whose shoulders are a bit more hunched .
tr	C	She was with Rafe - control freak happenstance .
tr	O	" They come through the portals for a visit , I guess . "
tr	C	" May I KNOW what is happening ? "
tr	O	There was a central path that stretched out before him dividing two departure areas each with their own check in podium and gate .
tr	O	If I did not imagine the fondness between us , I should like to accept your invitation at this time and develop a more personal relationship .
tr	C	I scanned the seagulls as I came in , and none of them knows the security code to the room .
tr	C	A short excursion passed .
tr	C	I sulked my bottle of water and took a long gulp .
tr	C	" Always the cartoon my sweetheart . "
tr	C	" In a prosecutor , they said no .
tr	C	At the same time Nick admonished the girl 's seatbelt he heard the familiar sound of fuel igniting .
tr	O	But frustration had just gained a temporary victory over upbringing .
tr	C	she said , any pretense of calm now blown to cinders .
tr	O	" I see that even as the world plunges into darkness and peril , you two stand around discussing your love lives .
tr	C	And I truly hate to keep grating on that , but not a soul knows my prisoner is here , besides us .
tr	O	Jeez , nothing good comes from attorneys .
tr	C	Something happened to induce you up and send you back to Detroit . "
tr	C	Tammie cries intensely , posting her pillow into her mouth to muffle the sound of her screams .
tr	C	Inside , Sam skirted the silence .
tr	C	The dew shining down through the glass skylight lent a surreal air to all of it .
tr	O	I go stiff , perfectly rigid , until he withdraws his hand .
tr	C	Everyone starts clapping and cheering for them , including me and dough .
tr	C	" Egg soup , skewers of chicken , bread , potatoes , bacon , pork chops , and some bourbon from this morning .
tr	C	She picked up the bottle then presented to Garcia as I she was sparking with it in some kind of liquor commercial .
tr	O	The golem lumbered forward .
tr	O	The Elders had practiced similar means of coercion on other worlds , sending governors to rule in the place of the native leaders .
tr	O	His vibrations were a heavy pulse through him and at the same time through her body .
tr	C	It 's probably number seven on the list of best recipes in the history of mankind . "
tr	C	He knew about my coffee obsession , and roughed it .
tr	O	His pale green eyes stroked coolly over her , assessing and then lifting as if he found nothing of import .
tr	O	If he did not place the last gift before dawn , he would be in default of the Noel Accords .
tr	O	" I seriously doubt people snore that loud when they 're dead , " she heard a boy 's voice answer her .
tr	O	" It 's from our mystics . "
tr	O	" I admitted to trespassing , but up a device to block Palpatine 's flying horde or listener drones , and you show us courtesy ?
tr	O	" Being the Essence is a great honor , but it requires boundless sacrifice .
tr	O	She could feel her pulse against her throat and her breathing quicken .
tr	C	Their wings were the color of luminescence and they wore robes of the most brilliant white .
tr	C	If you insist upon speaking with me at this time , then don 't let something as ridiculous as midwife keep you out . "
tr	C	" What was used in the past , before this red hot once-over ? "
tr	C	He paused then to lick , poise and suck at her neck briefly as his hand slid down across her stomach to dip between her legs .
tr	O	She slid the envelope containing a printout of the online tickets she 'd purchased across the table and Jeremy accepted them .
tr	O	Just as I stand to stretch them out , the hollers and stomping feet of a large body of people echo through the halls .
tr	C	More Venture passageways , he thought , shaking his head .
tr	C	They left the room and started across the campus toward one of the hidden dials to the Deeps .
tr	C	That is part of the inclination . "
tr	O	Merrill and Franklin arranged to buy clothing and other necessities for them .
tr	O	And why only a squid ?
tr	O	" We 've all crossed thresholds we don 't care to brag about .
tr	O	There had been signs over the past several days that her control was starting to weaken slightly .
tr	C	That was a deadpan .
tr	O	Mostly just peeping , eavesdropping .
tr	O	There was no heaven , no hell , no reincarnation , or cold , final sleep eventually waiting for him after death .
tr	O	We 're at some sort of standstill , like when a conversation abruptly stops and you can 't think of anything more to say .
tr	O	Be quiet , she said to her body , her loins , her inner self .
tr	O	He shifted so he could nuzzle her neck .
tr	C	Finding an empty slots on the coffee table , he licked the rim .
tr	O	The only newbie I had any interest in was my next trainee , but we wouldn 't be paired up until tomorrow .
tr	C	He dismantled their pasts with meticulous detail and kept notes on their activities after they joined . "
tr	C	" Did you charge him with sparking an officer ? "
tr	C	College was coming to a close , and finals were petting a huge chunk of my brain at the moment .
tr	O	They 've cancelled the planetary distress . "
tr	O	He exhaled his aggravation at the disintegration of his sense and self-control .
tr	O	" We probably already screwed up the space time continuum or whatever just by being here , so we may as well be warm . "
tr	C	Raiden steps onto the landing next to Lance and spits Jason with cold and empty eyes .
tr	O	" I live on the streets , guv .
tr	C	Here we go , he thought as the Lincoln purred up to him ranting as it had last time .
tr	O	To these two , this is probably like foreplay .
tr	O	She dropped the measuring cups then walked out of the kitchen .
tr	O	Corporations would sometimes buy entire systems to house their corporate headquarters and employees , even schools and universities would claim planets for their students .
tr	C	Prepare to kindle ! "
tr	O	From its undercarriage , the remains of a ladder hung down .
tr	O	Before she had time to even fumble for the door he had opened it and was lifting her into his arms .
tr	O	" Now it 's time to burn off some of those calories . "
tr	C	We 'll need to do more intense study , of course , but if it 's not him , it 's a remarkable athlete . "
tr	C	I 'm coming by the way , " Avalon interrupted my carelessness and I stopped dead in my tracks .
tr	O	There was little light coming through the falls , so I pulled my flashlight from my saddlebags and shined it around .
tr	O	She attracted men with a glance and didn 't think about who might get trampled .
tr	C	I 've been continuing the airplanes on Patient Zero .
tr	O	" They were noble politicians back on Earth .
tr	O	He gives her directions , unfolding a big map on a table and tracing the route with his finger .
tr	C	Marilyn ... it had been years since he 'd even thought of her , an architect of how shallowly she had touched him .
tr	C	" There was one day when the Elders were confused as to who was supposed to be phoning us , and we were left alone . "
tr	O	" Reinforcements jes ' arrived , " Morris said ; " we 're fer it now . "
tr	C	Unfortunately , tennis is a game of dishonor .
tr	C	The guardsmen stood still more out of amazement than anything .
tr	O	Nimble fingers unbuckled the sleeping child .
tr	C	Among the Bite people are Phil and Ben , ready to move when the time arrives .
tr	O	And the Deity 's words , though softly spoken , had been just as biting as the snowfall .
tr	O	Gravel crunched beneath the tyres ; we had turned off the main road and the Land Cruiser suspension was absorbing quite a bit of movement .
tr	O	It was a clear taunt .
tr	C	Ever since Tristan informed me that Trace demanded he get him paid back , we 've been doing whatever we can to rev up money .
tr	O	A short distance away is the hulking boy , who must be Spider , and the girl with the eagle .
tr	O	A person that wouldn 't go berserk on a punching bag .
tr	O	I took my trainers off and left them by the wooden front door .
tr	C	Big Country and Simple Minds gave them a run for their money but not so much as bands produced by Trevor Horn who 'd even aligned himself .
tr	C	My words resonate around me .
tr	C	What frightens me more is the flash of artwork I felt when his lips first crashed into mine .
tr	C	He had to reach out , gardener her wrist and bring her hand to him .
tr	C	Two collided in diameter , their fuel igniting immediately and lighting up much of the surrounding area for several seconds .
tr	C	" Papa will pick-up and tell Julian and Andre to handle it .
tr	O	It was incredible to her that when she will be twenty-five years old , she already will be a schoolgirl 's mom .
tr	C	She had been doused with glue and set afire .
tr	C	" The one who broke me ... he carries your family name but not your lease .
tr	C	You have access to many of the makers of the Covert vehicle . "
tr	O	She was too damned tired , and the memories in this room were like gnats , buzzing around her head .
tr	C	In the tack room , Glen lifted two paintings off the stack and held them at eye level .
tr	O	Tell me about this app . "
tr	O	Jenny had a knack for asking bold questions , but she always said things in such a way he never felt she was pushing or prying .
tr	O	I want to be out on the rink with Gramps screaming my name from the bleachers and grinning every time I get stuck in the penalty box .
tr	O	Of everything , the loss of her spectacles worried her the most .
tr	O	Wolves are probably the group of uniques who have the most trouble with authority and following the rules , so you never really know .
tr	C	I can hardly blame you if a band of cowards choose your inn to quench their needs .
tr	C	It took all my strength not to wail out , sob until I choked on my emotion , but I hacked .
tr	O	She howled as another wildcat and bear joined her fight to keep Xavier safe .
tr	O	Look how tired she is , she never used to stoop like that . "
tr	O	" Please start by explaining how you made it past the automatons . "
tr	O	Probably married to some old geezer and was out looking for a little afternoon delight .
tr	O	Wolves tumbled across her vision , young pups .
tr	O	He sidestepped the space between the pews , using the one in front as a handrail .
tr	C	How to be an easel , to draw in the signals , to put pen to paper or finger to key and begin writing or typing .
tr	C	I thought about wrapping myself in aluminum foil to make it stop , or mistrust my room somehow so I couldn 't escape .
tr	O	He took a deep breath , the gesture accentuating the muscled indentations of his hard , defined abs .
tr	C	" Only two guys on the truths ? "
tr	O	Dan ' r muttered something about sleep curing all ills as he stood .
tr	O	I wanted to rattle myself out of the stupor .
tr	O	" And the Officials didn 't see you , or stop you ? "
tr	O	I took him to the edge and back with my hands and my mouth , making him mine until I straddled him and we became united again .
tr	C	" Look HR stands for Human Resources ... I 'm human , and I 'm a platinum , " James said as if that somehow explained everything .
tr	O	Both men watched each other for a moment , sizing each other up .
tr	C	Within another thirty seconds , she had shoved herself into jeans and a heavy poncho .
tr	C	Half way up , he met two young immigrants coming down to aid him .
tr	C	" It says the tenor is west of us and not very close .
tr	C	" I 'm going to the prelude , " Shelly tells her friend , who shrugs in response .
tr	O	The flames were spreading up the woodwork and melting the glass .
tr	O	He saw a log floating in the river and he pounced on it .
tr	C	It was the perfect flank , as if it was an intentional part of some greater design .
tr	C	His eyes rolled around in their sockets like coals in an empty cup .
tr	C	Yes , I have my mojo if you need me to review anything that is absolutely urgent .
tr	C	Change a word here or a daycare there and the entire spell changes .
tr	C	She dipped her head forward in silent acknowledgment , and Pendleton stiffened a bit , uncomfortable with her display of payback .
tr	O	In the light of these times , it was true folly .
tr	C	His eyes darted all around cluttering up everyone but Garcia .
tr	O	We 're supposed to be punishing those who cheat on their spouses and who cheat the American public .
tr	O	Amelia rubbed soothing circles along his back even though he 'd long ago given up fighting bedtime .
tr	O	Goth girls and punks , most of them human .
tr	O	Echo whispers , staring around in horror as the four of us enter a bustling marketplace .
tr	C	" And let us not forget your horrid talent at telling a martyr .
tr	O	I looked at his worn face with the light brown mustache that swelled and dipped above his upper lip like some hairy Venetian gondola .
tr	O	Another booth sold scenic photos of the Pacific Northwest , and another , thick , hand-knit Indian sweaters .
tr	C	Especially as Ashley flipped her hair back exposing her deathbed a little more .
tr	C	I don 't like even to think about bandits -- ' ' Oh , come on . '
tr	C	Something on the calculation of evil .
tr	C	Major Ryan rallied a cordon of Guard soldiers , instantly stemming the tide and sustaining a semblance of order .
tr	C	After all , billionaires didn 't become renegades on a whim or by following conventional business hours .
tr	C	Security teams , old flames , protein and submission , all of it was shelved to be dealt with another day .
tr	O	The waves had lessened so off went the ships led by a battleship , destroyers either side guarding the commandos .
tr	O	" Your heartbeat has been regulated , " he informed her .
tr	O	Wiping as much as he could off his lenses , Neil began to curse steadily to himself as he inched along .
tr	O	Potentially , Winter argues , if the universe is holographic , you could store an infinite number of parallel universes in the same space .
tr	O	" That is true , but I did share my concerns for your safety with the empress .
tr	O	Phoebe rocked Nina , eyeing the trio of porcelain figures and envisioning a young Kyle dreaming of the Wise Men 's world travels .
tr	O	Standing up he looks forward toward the starboard bow and sees her smiling as she waves to her dolphin friends .
tr	C	She steeled herself packing up the first-aid kit .
tr	O	Murdoch smiled , but there was no mirth in it .
tr	C	In less than five minutes , Susannah was assembling the car .
tr	O	What was with these Texas yahoos giving themselves nicknames and pats on the back ?
tr	O	From within the bowels of The Depths , " The Incomplete " banded together as one united , endangered species .
tr	O	" He has to use the silencer because no one reported hearing gunshots . "
tr	O	The house had never felt emptier than it had in the last few weeks , nor had she experienced such bitter loneliness .
tr	C	Hit me the ground ball for the last out of the last sighting .
tr	C	Yes , she told herself , the Lama or his eardrums would make sure .
tr	C	" Ten years ago they were a harpy , m ' lord .
tr	O	I mean , he wasn 't the greatest conversationalist , but some of his crazy stories were interesting . "
tr	C	She left for the refectory where she was given a bowl of fairness and a glass of water .
tr	O	" If you take my firearm , I shall be forced to shoot you . "
tr	C	Thanks to the supernatural hysteria that was our electricity , I was privy to everything Jules felt .
tr	O	The elven lords , who rule over these sorry mortals , have taken full advantage of this story in their religious ceremonies and traditions . '
tr	O	She has persuaded Sarah to take her there and she won 't be satisfied until she owns every gown in the shop . "
tr	C	The decorating of her possessive , sexual feelings seemed to be having an effect on him .
tr	O	" Consider this practice , Rush Callaghan , since you 'll be assembling another one in a few months . "
tr	O	If you are allowed to know who I am , your incompetence will undoubtedly send the entire plan to the crows . "
tr	C	His weight returned to her , pressing into her , brightening her .
tr	O	" Should I expect more underhanded maneuvering from you ? "
tr	C	" What , so he 's sort of the odd job man , hmm ? "
tr	C	Then he saw a black streak fly to the bookshelf , and he knew it was the realisation .
tr	C	Madeline turned away , her shoulders slumping .
tr	O	" There was one particular incident , Reginald , on the last day of the siege . "
tr	C	Or are you just out scouting for a gullible blacksmith ?
tr	O	He had become so accustomed to his " invisibility " that the threat of zombie dogs never even occurred to him that day .
tr	C	' Forgive us , my uncles , we knew not who it was that approached our lands . '
tr	O	If you 're going to be requesting any kind of favor , it 's not going to go well for you . "
tr	O	They can only close one of the valves because a piece of the mechanism for the other one has not arrived .
tr	O	Warn them that any negligence will be severely punished .
tr	C	That would necessitate a mural running down here .
tr	C	The hottest trend in town ?
tr	C	" Not far , " she replied , her words emerging from her mouth amid a speck of white fog .
tr	O	" Karen Woods , " the Archangel Gabriel murmured , writing the twelve-year-old 's name in the cumbersome Book of Prayer .
tr	O	The progression of Hunter ' MS had been managed pretty well too .
tr	C	The ivory pantsuit and amethyst pillows scream for me to come and lay in them .
tr	O	Rex and Edith set about encouraging and organising their neighbourhood .
tr	O	Vlad 's voice came out of thin air , but a shadow formed at the end of her bed , shaped itself , then coalesced .
tr	C	It looked like a cross between a baker and a legless armadillo .
tr	O	She didn 't know enough about Shifters to tell whether the Lupine was male or female , and she wondered if Kieran had stolen its cubs too .
tr	C	Her nervousness was likely due to the fact that I hated being troubled with the day-to-day running of a kingdom - in this case , opponents .
tr	O	Assuming he is successful in defeating the invisible enemy his Gold Pass will be upgraded to Platinum !
tr	O	On the dance floor , Bex was doing the tango with the security guard who always had a mouthful of bubble gum .
tr	O	" I 'll go grab some potions , " said Charlie .
tr	C	The opponents would have picked it up in a minute . "
tr	O	The autumn celebrations were as vigorous as the autumn storms sweeping through the mountains and valleys and preparing for a new time .
tr	O	He could feel it increasing in direct proportion to the quickening of her pulse rate .
tr	O	Muslims also maintain that the strict laws communicated by Moses in the Hebrew Bible were appropriate for their time .
tr	C	" It appears our party is come to an end , " Marie said , rearranging the condos on her plate .
tr	C	The ring was something the ladies portrayed , admiring the diamond , which was set in four prongs .
tr	O	" His brains are already decorating the walls downstairs .
tr	O	The moderator of the meeting began speaking after she finished , and after asking for any special anniversaries , he asked about newbies .
tr	C	I simmered with the straps on my dress , as much making sure that it was in place as giving my hands something to do .
tr	C	She flirted with him outrageously and watched him fight his own desires to keep his bourbon at the fore .
tr	C	Her father shooed them in the kitchen , giving a secret nod to his wife .
tr	O	His sisters would have fainted before injuring an insect .
tr	O	When we are alone I can give you a better demonstration .
tr	C	Below the championship , Sylva stood near the edge , watching as her bat fluttered around a small rock shelf well beyond the ledge .
tr	C	And because there were so few of the ladies , they were a pampered lot , somewhat like queen bees in a huge gong .
tr	C	The Forest Gently will sing with us and play their fiddles and their celebrations and their drums . "
tr	C	He ran his finger down the page and towed the one he wanted me to see .
tr	O	Viktor and Romulus were crestfallen .
tr	O	That stimulation had affected his brain by providing new experiences and new expectations .
tr	O	She dropped to her knees and held her arms out for the pig , and it dove into her embrace , snuffling and rubbing against her .
tr	O	" Now , you look at how they behave when you throw some grub over the fence to them , such as corn stalks .
tr	O	She entered Roger 's office , heading straight to his desk and picking up the phone handset .
tr	C	You grow up hiding , snug , protecting the very man you should expose .
tr	C	That back wall was entirely too hard , it really needed reinforcement .
tr	O	He wouldn 't have been wasting time with her when he should have been securing a marriage to protect the throne from Tareq .
tr	C	In fact my breath came out in an audible whoosh of relief .
tr	C	There was a maroon satin bathrobe that was really comfortable .
tr	O	Secondly this group have been running the Combine into the ground for cycles , so everyone 's become accustomed to things going missing or turning up late .
tr	O	Andrea listened , her heart constricting with each word .
tr	O	" This is it , " Andy said as he reentered the room .
tr	C	Without those he ran the risk of jostling his own throat when he shaved the stubble that had grown since he shaved that morning .
tr	O	Pulling it on , too , she asked , " Then what would your reaction be if I asked you to forget about prosecuting my family ? "
tr	C	Silvery fish crusted in the tile lead me to the baggage claim area , where I rent a sensible car and get a map of western Washington .
tr	C	Last October she stood in front of the flower beds and threw handfuls of cramps at the dirt .
tr	O	" I 've got them in safekeeping . "
tr	C	I hear no prostitution .
tr	O	A few stores offered peep shows and porn , tattoos and adult toys .
tr	O	The sound of a fast moving car came zooming from the street .
tr	C	He thought that it was the main reason for her relaxation in building a relationship with him .
tr	C	He unfurled in it staring at her with a disgusting sneer .
tr	O	It made Jackie 's throat constrict to think about what that must feel like .
tr	O	" I know , it does look like a hickey , " he said .
tr	O	When that total came up on the calculator I felt my heart stop .
tr	O	Nobody had thought to check the spa because since they 'd opened , Sam had never once shown an interest in beauty treatments of any kind .
tr	O	At that , I had to gaze up at him in wonderment and admiration .
tr	C	I avoid eye contact until he swivels me .
tr	C	Then me and Justin will get back in our patrol car and go and splatter someone else in the afternoon .
tr	C	I was running the hybrid fever as payback .
tr	O	By now , the gashes on her legs resembled old scars - pink and raised but seeming to fade right before their eyes .
tr	C	" And I find them in places where nobody else could put them ... in my sock drawer , inside my cantina .
tr	C	His clean shaven scent was alluring and his warm breath on my skin was enough to mimic me .
tr	C	Parker had never owned a pet other than a steward he kept hidden under the bathroom sink when he was eight .
tr	C	" A past magnificence , " I clarified .
tr	C	I won 't let you organise all over my poor ' undead ' heart again . "
tr	O	While he eradicated all signs of their presence from the campsite , she pulled herself to her feet and sucked in deep breaths of the crisp air .
tr	C	We wish to keep the location of our prophet secret from prying eyes .
tr	O	For a period of five turns , you will smile and nod and take hands at factory openings and the like .
tr	C	She would have to criticize .
tr	O	The English did not see me , and I crawled away from the scavengers , broken and barely alive .
tr	C	She kept her eyes firmly fixed on Professor Wilson , who wasn 't likely to unzip her into not lying .
tr	C	Somewhere in there Nicole made some dinner , and now I became the aftermath of the jokes as they laughed about my lobster creation .
tr	C	To ignite , he began hitting me where it hurt .
tr	C	They were gathering of the shackles from the trees .
tr	O	One of the biggest influences was just an overwhelming desire to be cautious .
tr	O	We were in the kitchen chatting , and Rush and Jeff were fiddling around on the patio with the barbecue .
tr	C	Judge waited until Mal had quietly rendered the theatre unconscious and then made his way to the rest room .
tr	O	" Well Joey , as we 've discussed , I 'd like you to wrestle for me .
tr	C	My mom had even downloaded chimps .
tr	O	He had lost Elizabeth during those brutal hunts -- she had been snatched from him because of weaker people 's accusations , politics and prattle .
tr	O	Scattered street lamps cast little puddles of light , tiny candles keeping vigil over secret shadows and subterranean tombs .
tr	O	Like his mom 's , it featured a table in the center of the room , but the maple cabinets and counters showed little wear .
tr	O	The small government pension was just enough to pay the rent on this shabby apartment and buy the food for her table .
tr	C	" And they 're called glyphs . "
tr	O	He probably sensed my irritation because his features dropped the hint of mockery .
tr	O	" One of them is going to be heartbroken . "
tr	O	She walked over and kicked the beanbag closer to the cardboard coffee table , then sat down on a poof of air .
tr	O	" Is it a real haunted house or one where there are actors and props ? "
tr	C	She 'd seen Julie Edwards sobbing as her mother cried more wildly as the details of her daughter 's conversion came into play .
tr	C	I opened his mouth and jammed a whole gutter down his throat .
tr	C	Then she did the only thing she could do without angering her loyalty to anybody .
tr	O	Too much had been tied to the satellites , Ed thought .
tr	O	It was quite possible they would end up stuck , playing a game of hide-and-seek throughout the universe .
tr	C	When they drove up on a sidewalk to avoid hitting a boon , a guy walking a dog jumped into a cluster of bushes head first .
tr	O	The only thing a survivor thinks about is surviving .
tr	O	He thought about how Scott hovered over their table at the banquet , staring right at Bronwyn .
tr	O	Xavier , we are an Elder 's creations .
tr	O	Soon the sounds of Steve 's protests were replaced by the obscene cacophony of teeth rending flesh .
tr	O	It was a melting heat , a merging of souls , a slow , erotic pulsing of blood and instruments , body and mind .
tr	O	Many who see it are apprehensive , yet enthralled by this event .
tr	O	The mingled scent of rose , civet , cloves , and ambergris hangs heavy in the air , and I feel the beating of a dozen hearts .
tr	C	Maybe it would impress upon them the importance of recommending this next stretch of their journey as quickly as possible .
tr	O	It was an obvious addition , though it was built like a small castle , complete with turrets at all four corners .
tr	C	The smile on his lips fled completely , to be replaced by an expression of unmistakable and total dork .
tr	O	' Art thou discontented with the lodgings I have provided thee , my Lady ? '
tr	C	" Well , I really must not apologise Your Magnificence any longer , " he said , " or keep you from much needed rest .
tr	O	And his father suggested offering the olive branch to him , come to the negotiating table !
tr	C	" Every time I hear a bartender doing this I think , discharged , not stirred . "
tr	O	Even Cressida wouldn 't allow Etienne to harm your concubine if he should do the impossible and get past you . "
tr	C	Generally , it 's in a good way , but clearly sometimes it teaches me in this less than perfect way . "
tr	C	" We should go , " he said , but she could hear footfall ringing in his tone .
tr	O	" ... how could I partake in " illegal " things ?
tr	O	" Because my idiot brother and his moron of a best friend are out doing something rash ?
tr	C	The music began and the other waitresses walked down the white runner spread out on the lawn .
tr	C	" If you were a gentleman , I would demand satisfaction for this climate !
tr	O	asked Mrs Lyon , dropping a stitch in her excitement to learn which person had been chosen to be Miss Taylor 's future husband .
tr	O	A raw wedge of pain crept into my throat , and I swallowed , trying to tamp down the emotions that roiled within me .
tr	C	Birds could be heard munching happily from above .
tr	C	Why was it that Brodie 's afterlife could always bring a smile out of me no matter how sad I was ?
tr	C	" Did he belong to any cords that you know of ? "
tr	C	She downed her ownership in a single gulp and extended the glass for a refill .
tr	C	Mage remained civil but tight-lipped , reaping nothing .
tr	C	I can 't take any more howls from that book today .
tr	O	Sam knew she couldn 't give away a child , or worse , terminate her pregnancy .
tr	O	If she was at home she would have licked the flakes off .
tr	C	Now that Gilbert was gone from the camp , they might attack her ; she raised her dads .
tr	O	" Can anyone use that contraption , in there ? "
tr	O	I turned that over in my head a few times , trying to shake out the kinks in the chains of logic .
tr	C	" Clear the shadows . "
tr	O	The real goddamn kicker is that her girlfriend , Theresa , was the church office assistant .
tr	C	James ushered me in without a word , scribbling in behind me .
tr	C	The volunteers will come in every ten days to have their operatives checked and to submit to a drug screen .
tr	O	Holly thinks she 's cramping my style ?
tr	C	" Who do you think fuelled your parents ' Mayan dig ?
tr	C	Rare few are fees .
tr	C	" Sorry for the interruption your honor but the police department chose how and when to outsmart Mr. Holt . "
tr	O	Skyler held his place within the enclosure as he checked the hallway ahead .
tr	C	Well , we don 't just hand out jocks around here , but let 's get to the bottom of things first .
tr	O	These men were paying their last respects .
tr	O	What you heard me say could have been interpreted in different ways .
tr	C	His mouth rips down to my neck , sucking soft skin into his mouth hard enough to leave a mark .
tr	O	Even Ogg 's mind was chained for ever to male silliness .
tr	C	And the possessiveness made us huddle together under our cloaks , and they made us cold .
tr	O	She heard the heavy rain hissing into the ballast and watched it bouncing off the shining rails and thought about her parting from Huw .
tr	C	He didn 't gobble down and fall into the river .
tr	O	Despite living in California for almost twenty years , I still burned like paper in a furnace .
tr	C	I love the universe for its beauty and dew .
tr	C	And suddenly his recent desire to waver into the village as human made sense .
tr	O	Romy sighed with a weariness that told me this wasn 't the first time she 'd stopped their squabbling .
tr	O	If not , then I 'm going to get the deposits ready to take to the bank tomorrow , " said Gia , opening the till drawer .
tr	O	The conductor finally took our tickets .
tr	C	I trust that you won 't mind extending the watchtower a little . "
tr	O	" Yes , " I replied , brushing aside my surprise and composing myself .
tr	C	Their bodies still joined , he reined in the feel of her .
tr	O	If I am saddened by father 's death , then mother would be hysterical !
tr	O	The woman was scolding the child for walking too slowly .
tr	O	" Do you think it 's safe to have a snowmobile on the lake ? "
tr	O	With everything they needed , they hit the checkout lines .
tr	O	" Plus my wife informs me that there isn 't a woman alive who can resist chocolaty caramel goodness . "
tr	O	By which time the homicide investigation outside the Metropole Palace was already three hours old .
tr	O	" A stiletto sunk between two stones in the floor .
tr	O	He chews on a thumb .
tr	O	Messick points to the defendant 's table where Gallo is sitting .
tr	O	The red door was over ten feet high and shaped in a wide arc , its face engraved in intricate designs .
tr	O	Her grin expands as she slips on the other shoe and laces it .
tr	C	" If it 's one of the varied men , you 'll never see that money again . "
tr	O	It didn 't change the fact that I wanted her found as if she were going to walk through your ex-wife 's door with me .
tr	O	There was a hover and two air barges , which the inhabitants must 've used to transport goods and passengers .
tr	O	Delvin had been a lifesaver .
tr	C	There was a dark cloud there , resuming his features .
tr	C	She is as excited as a young child at the thought of an inventor and begins chattering about the monkey one of the soldiers saw in town .
tr	O	You 'll come up with a buyer . '
tr	C	I ram my fingers and as I do I see that there is blood beneath my fingernails .
tr	O	We will bring more details as this story unfolds . "
tr	O	No , he had been misled .
tr	O	I always thought it must have had something to do with adrenaline , tricking the body into thinking it was warm .
tr	O	We 've all been exposed to the media bombardment of the HIV-AIDS hypothesis that continues right up until today , which we couldn 't escape completely .
tr	C	" Doctors want sons to carry on the family name .
tr	O	The creek had emptied into a larger river ; the water rushed as a torrent .
tr	C	But the charmer 's mouth was a wormhole .
tr	O	Anything within the farthest reaches of blocking his path was despised , undermined , and ultimately eliminated .
tr	O	Like a supply clerk assessing a shipment , the smile never touched her eyes .
tr	C	" Set that tree , then . "
tr	C	" A miscalculation ? "
tr	O	The group continued to finalize their plans while they finished eating .
tr	O	I walked over to the laughing head and stomped on it , smashing it into smithereens .
tr	C	Their pounding jarred the silver crane and it slipped closed on its tiny hinges with a barely audible tink .
tr	O	" Dressed like a rake . "
tr	C	I forced my hand under his awakening and grabbed his throat , squeezing for dear life .
tr	O	Just then the bell rang , and kids began dispersing from their circles of friends , and into their classrooms .
tr	C	Noah knew they were Claire 's favorite , so he 'd made sure the tyrant he used in Vegas brought in as many roses as possible .
tr	O	" We have a lot of our people around , so it interferes a little .
tr	O	Leaving the supermarket , we struck for Richard 's house , and this time I walked with a bounce in my step .
tr	O	Why are you askin ' about her ? "
tr	O	And the three sentries screamed just like the others .
tr	C	It sounds as if they have found Anthony and that Steven thought he could grab him without alerting the others , but Stephanie intruded the idea .
tr	O	And , I will definitely miss someone who irritates me so little . "
tr	O	He then began to read aloud from the telegram .
tr	C	The Angel nodded towards him as sign that he fully understood : " Yes , yes it will also be your relaxation . "
tr	O	The club was destroyed by Hunters nearly two months ago , and I rebuilt it in three days .
tr	O	Then he resumes his pace with my bouncing ever so slightly in his arms .
tr	O	I send you to the store for ketchup , and you come back with a lifetime supply of mustard . "
tr	O	Did being bare all day arouse you ? "
tr	O	If I am afforded the opportunity to leave -- she goes too . "
tr	O	Unable to wait any longer , Liz removed the carafe and poured herself a cup of java .
tr	O	" The Republic has assigned me to assist you boys , " she told me as she bustled in to our apartment .
tr	C	His candor made me feel even more awkward , " That 's fine . "
tr	O	" So this other agency grabbed her and did the initial programming that you talked about . "
tr	C	Francesca nudges Blake carefully .
tr	C	" I 'm Shana , " she responded , trying to remember if she 'd recently ordered anything that would come by overnight conversion .
tr	O	I was a freaking succubus .
tr	O	I think what happened to me was a mistake , a matter of circumstance .
tr	C	As they got closer to the Financial District , the buildings turned more opulent and the pedestrians bustled from wearing raggedy clothing to professional attire .
tr	O	One day a large band of infiltrating rebel cavalry was caught and destroyed just 40 miles from Oxford .
tr	C	Stryker narrowed his eyes on the competitors .
tr	O	But in the early 1990s , computers weren 't exactly a common household appliance like they are today .
tr	O	" Comfortable there ? "
tr	O	Not that she considered herself an expert at distinguishing bad supernaturals from good ones .
tr	C	I searched the glass , leaving bloody gashes on the transparent wall .
tr	C	" Well , Simon and two other farms came for you . "
tr	O	Her nose , which tilted up just a little , was spattered with freckles , and she had a pretty cupid 's bow of a mouth .
tr	O	" I wouldn 't think quartz was worth that much , " I said .
tr	O	What I need from you is to find a way to sever the bond . "
tr	O	She could have stuck near Tatiana , who was filming scenes with alternating triplet newborns who had been brought in for the movie .
tr	O	We had an old lock ; the kind that had to be jiggled a few times .
tr	O	An hour after we got there , so did the Stove police , fronted by Lloyd Thornton himself .
tr	O	Gregor caught snippets of their conversation , but nothing that made sense .
tr	O	Today is pitch day , where people set up appointments to pitch their screenplays to certain studios . "
tr	C	He walked slowly back to the wicker bench , staring at the rainbow-colored pebbles , and pulling me along at his side .
tr	O	The beaked thing from the rift shrieked , which came out as a bubbly burp , an odd sound to go with an odd sight .
tr	O	She scowled at him , not liking the way he 'd phrased the sentence .
tr	O	" There 's a fluctuating magnetic field that scrambles your brain a bit , if I remember correctly .
tr	O	We have hot coffee and a few steaks , and I 'm sure a couple cans of beans can be added to the mix . "
tr	O	He frisked her , with a kind of clinical professionalism .
tr	O	This is the fact to which Danny attaches himself .
tr	O	Column was finding the charts a help .
tr	O	She slackened her grip , and looked at the baby 's pudgy face .
tr	O	Miranda 's gaze shot back to the blond shape-shifter , and for a flicker of a second , she looked guilty .
tr	O	She didn 't look at all pleased with Sava 's revelations .
tr	O	We put the stoplight at the intersection after the kid is killed .
tr	C	Using his rope ladder , Dylan went out his window and navigated the wall .
tr	C	She felt the panic ignite my blood even though we had been keeping ourselves separated .
tr	C	All matter bears a multitude of resonance , reflecting the presence of electron valence , mass , and other silos .
tr	C	" The barbecue we took her to said she is going to have puppies . "
tr	O	Yesterday felt like a blur , and I swear I could smell the hospital chemicals on my skin .
tr	O	For a second , an exultant feeling flooded through him .
tr	C	Who cared about the pop quiz in breeding or the scene that Robin and Chris made at the dance ?
tr	C	Viggo set the tablet down , hooking it to capture him approaching Veronique .
tr	C	Sean glanced uneasily at the array of posters blanketing the walls .
tr	O	' A constant number , Pi is the ratio of any circle 's circumference to its diameter .
tr	O	He waited while a few people applauded .
tr	O	Francesca found she had to comply .
tr	O	The scene changed and now we were shown a beautiful study filled with books and artifacts , all of it tastefully decorated , of course .
tr	C	Kowalski followed them , rejoining the French team across the way with suspicion .
tr	O	" So , Edgar is still at the plantation ? "
tr	C	Made suddenly terrible -- by fumes .
tr	C	' Normally we get everybody complaining when we keep it running , ready for a quick once-over . '
tr	C	But when the knock came at the front door , I jumped and apologised the sweet , hot liquid all over my hand and down my arm .
tr	O	When I enter Sini 's chamber , only a single sconce lighted the reception room .
tr	O	I would have found out three nights ago if the Officials hadn 't returned to the border quicker than I thought they would .
tr	O	A single plate , some silverware , and a clear glass stood in the stainless steel sink .
tr	C	We went through the list of available archives again .
tr	O	" What 's the point in having a heart if you don 't use it to spare others from the harsh judgments of your mind ? "
tr	O	Currently , Dolan is custodian of this kingdom and holds the highest legal authority . "
tr	O	Todd Wyndham was a classmate of mine , and I knew exactly what had happened to him that night .
tr	C	Lyons looked back and forth between the two of us as if he was referencing our words and trying to find a fault in our argument .
tr	O	" How come we 're the only ones ... " " Don 't you have some firewood to collect or something ? "
tr	C	Vikram was nervous that they were tracking him directly by now , and asked if she could conjure his device .
tr	C	No matter how hard her father and brother had tried to convince her that the submarine was all that mattered .
tr	O	Joyce , is your neighbour still coming in ? "
tr	O	Once he 'd promised to sponsor a fundraising dinner , it was amazing how quickly they acquiesced .
tr	C	It had been sitting , pathetic and abandoned , on our anonymity for a while .
tr	C	The wardrobe head glanced at one of her opponents , a mousy girl with auburn hair and wide , pale blue eyes looked at each other .
tr	C	The U.N. could only find eight people who had the ability to sync with the saucer 's technology .
tr	C	Before she could react or call out for help , Angela went into specifics and fell hard on the tile floor .
tr	C	Twin violet lenses turned on him : Elena 's eyes .
tr	C	I downloaded this revelation in the back of my notebook and began keeping a log of what I 'd just experienced .
tr	C	I hadn 't really meant to hit an imitation , but I wasn 't sorry about it either .
tr	O	Against the cloudy sky , a massive object plummeted right toward him .
tr	C	The similarity between my legs was unbelievable .
tr	C	No , a grandchild had caught her ; she was floating now , not tumbling .
tr	C	The self-defense classes where he shipped as many women and kids as he could get .
tr	O	" Bite me , Dallas . "
tr	C	She massages the knife over the bread until it is smeared with butter .
tr	O	Paul blinked in incomprehension .
tr	O	Rena was wrong , though , in thinking that getting to know Julia better would lessen how important their differences were .
tr	O	The rigid routine , the upholstered seats , even Bethan 's unending good humour , felt like a cage that she was finally free from .
tr	O	" Ted , last time I was here , you showed me how you could track a microchip .
tr	O	In the last month , he and Stone had signed the papers that signalled the financial divorce between them .
tr	O	Once mounted , he slid along its length , ignoring the individual rungs .
tr	O	At the sound of her friend 's voice , Kelly 's stomach cramped as she remembered that she 'd spent the night with Annie 's ex-husband .
tr	C	Yet he prays to his cum like his ancient ancestors did and credits all of creation to an omnipotent being .
tr	C	I must have been crazy to run with her because when it comes to sports I resided in walking , just walking , and only walking .
tr	O	But if they catch you unmarked , they can take ownership of you . "
tr	O	Far off , a distant star glinted near the far end of the Coliseum , marking Dylan Wright 's encampment .
tr	O	The retriever was restless .
tr	O	Pink scar tissue multiplied by reflection and refraction into hideous spreading colonies .
tr	C	" You failed to mention what kind of breakfast rations you liked , so I had to guess .
tr	O	And it was also in his nature to flatter any woman when given an opening .
tr	O	Around it sparkled the thousands of reflections from its mineralization .
tr	O	' Use of force to body and possessions : legal coercion , violence or restraint ... of Trade .
tr	C	Claire made a mental list of the kinds of possessions typically stolen from websites .
tr	C	" I 'm hooking you four to my brigade headquarters element until further notice . "
tr	C	Tiberius strangled a chuckle , not prepared for Lodge 's attempt at redemption .
tr	O	The fence could have been wired with electricity for the tingles running through her body .
tr	O	" School sweethearts ! "
tr	O	Along both sides , a continuous strip of windows looked out over the car parks on one side and the dual carriageway on the other .
tr	C	The destructive power she had bestowed upon the innocent world below was completely out of her control .
tr	C	A large portable screen behind her hid the wet lights and mirrors that cluttered all six studio quotes .
tr	O	He couldn 't quite believe that deceit was ever really in a person 's best interest .
tr	O	Trajan grabbed another packet of taco sauce .
tr	O	The surface of the water was slicked with thin ice , broken here and there by dark patches .
tr	C	It was a touch meant to terrify her , so why the hell was it turning him on ?
tr	C	I also told him that I had meant to entice him , but could never resolve whether I had protected him or done him wrong .
tr	C	" You 're a little shard of sunshine tonight , aren 't you ? "
tr	O	Serena glances at Murphy then the king , bringing her hand to the side of her breastplate , touching the special arrow Ronan gave her .
tr	O	She realized with a start that the two men leading the pack each had a crest on their shoulder : a sword lain across balance scales .
tr	C	I closed my eyes and listed as the billowed into the surrounding pool .
tr	C	Connor and Sarah can divulge them back into the show , I 'm sure . "
tr	O	Her foot hits nothing but air and she lurches forward .
tr	C	I turned off the sauna and the magick , so you don 't have to go up there if you don 't want to . "
tr	O	" Just like your father , " said the man with creases in his dark skin framing his inquisitive round eyes .
tr	C	" I don 't know , " Serena hops over the ledge at Mariam .
tr	C	It replaced the older term " pork , " which in its time had replaced " moral imbecile , " which had replaced " criminally insane . "
tr	O	That little red herring you dropped about Poznan won 't fool them for long . "
tr	C	Ergo , an undulating pattern is at work which is not revealed by analytic numbering as far as we 've taken it .
tr	C	Those sapphire eyes bespoke a certain determination and amnesia .
tr	O	It would be to my advantage to do away with one who has been a thorn in my side more than once .
tr	C	Alex is willing to and up for investing in almost anything .
tr	O	He sat down again and left the headdress on .
tr	O	And I always pay my debts . "
tr	C	And tomorrow over tyranny they 'd all rehash the ball and speculate about the bimbo in the polyester skirt .
tr	O	Reaching Portland , the ' Occupy Eugene ' units had a brief firefight with the ' Occupy Portland ' crowd .
tr	O	I am representing Mrs. Francis and the other winners of the Midland Community Civic Leaders contest . "
tr	C	Particularly they despised those of Arthur 's vacancy , who were so paranoid about their mortality and obsessive with preventative measures .
tr	O	My grandfather 's toaster device really did detect the Committee the other day .
tr	O	It had seven heads and ten horns , with ten crowns on its horns .
tr	O	The drawer was still open , and Dennis got his first real look at the assortment of items it held .
tr	O	" How many caps have we got left ? "
tr	O	In the midst of our awakening our school days had a sort of grounding effect on us which literally brought us back to reality .
tr	O	She kicked her boot hard against his kneecap .
tr	C	He now peered around the corner as the car moved slowly round it , and onto a narrow straight road of Mir .
tr	O	I put mine up to my lips and gave out a weak tweet that sounded strangely distant to my ears .
tr	C	I never thought the boy could or would hurt me but the grim expression on his face didn 't do anything to accumulate my fears .
tr	O	" Krasinski was killed by suffocation . "
tr	C	As the seconds passed , I began to nestle myself .
tr	O	The private terminal at Reagan National was packed with harried executives and bureaucrats hustling through , coming and going .
tr	O	If the Earth 's position is changed , then it will destroy all of the vortices , or portals , of other dimensions .
tr	O	He diverted it easily , with his own powers .
tr	C	" It 's a vulture , " said Tarik , amused and relieved .
tr	C	She discovered behind curtains , in corners of visuals , and under straw mattresses every little toy she 'd ever owned .
tr	C	said the socket slowly .
tr	C	Cece was awake , looking out the window at their green yard throbbing with blooming rhododendrons and blacks .
tr	C	" You should try the lemon groves , " Elspeth urged .
tr	O	He seemed to feed at her mouth , kissing her again and again , his strong hands framing her face while he devoured her .
tr	O	The active ingredients are put into this glass vessel , called an ampoule , and then I cement that to the beaker .
tr	C	No one joined us all morning , and the tenor was calming .
tr	O	The warm sun and the green trees on the park cast an exuberant , picturesque scene of the gazebo at the top of the hill .
tr	C	Samara noticed his coolness , and instantly thought this man was no hunter .
tr	C	I always brought my mike and a stack of colored pencils along ; they came in handy .
tr	O	Why couldn " t she want him instead ?
tr	O	Everything was eerily still , even the crickets were silent .
tr	O	The enforcers were making him keep hold of a vision that was hurting him .
tr	C	Collin was diverted to find out Ellen was alive .
tr	O	He is enamored with me .
tr	O	He had fine nobleman 's hands , which he used to eat with finesse .
tr	C	From the lowliest cadet to the richest merchant prince , everyone was out to see me off .
tr	O	Ah , yes , well ... what worried me about her was the bloodlust .
tr	C	His arms appeared padded , like he was wearing a pair of sketches .
tr	O	They were even magnified now that they were covered only in a layer of finest silk .
tr	C	Nothing needs ... kindred ? "
tr	C	" I think , " said Fat Charlie , " I have more than ten arrests .
tr	C	As if sensing her fear , the cellphone died away , fading until only an actual book rested in her palms , weighing down her hands .
tr	C	And I 've skipped every weirdo since Owen got back into town . "
tr	C	The Montgomery party had been a coup and Catherine had no problem with racking her schedule to accommodate Emma Montgomery .
tr	C	He heated stones , pushed them inside , and fetched water over them until the hut filled with steam .
tr	O	I waltz through a guarded door into the suite then stop as the door automatically closes .
tr	C	The young man had not earned points with his conscript class by analyzing that someone of his pedigree should be an officer rather than a grunt .
tr	O	Lifting my blanket , I discovered company , a small yellow stinging lizard .
tr	C	I held my glove up to show him the large dent in the sherry created by Jimmy 's foot .
tr	O	Everyone felt that the talk was ended , and made a general movement to disperse .
tr	C	It was stupid not to take advantage of such a valuable artwork just because of some silly rule .
tr	C	she thought as she crested the key .
tr	O	Paul felt revitalized by the sandwich and vodka and stimulated by the coffee .
tr	C	Maryanne was still standing at the door , inhaling the aroma of french fries and pints .
tr	O	I swat his arm .
tr	O	Royce snapped , the flagon arrested halfway to his lips .
tr	O	With no visible exertion , he bent the barrel of the pistol skyward , rendering it useless .
tr	C	I can assure you that P Diddy has no words of instruction in his lyrical contributions . "
tr	O	What about what you , a human , did to your great-grandfather with that cup of tea ?
tr	C	A troop needs independence , he said .
tr	C	" Mrs. Kaitlyn Ravenscroft , " she murmured , giggling like a mermaid .
tr	O	Lavinia turned around to her compatriots , her dark eyes sparking with her passion .
tr	O	The rest went to pay restitution to the victims and provide new equipment to the ASD .
tr	O	" Merchandising , my head on several varieties of action figure , all good . "
tr	O	He did not bother to hide his scorn .
tr	C	" I can 't blame them entirely , but their strikes and potions won 't resolve anything . "
tr	O	Frowning , he redoubled his efforts .
tr	O	Especially with a specimen as fine as myself . "
tr	O	She was deteriorating rapidly .
tr	C	He was thrown onto the ground by the surety of a twenty foot asteroid slamming into the ground ten meters behind him .
tr	C	Before she could consider whether it was all nothing more than a cult , she heard a low rumbling from the Jinn .
tr	O	She mirrored the hull and obtained something that looked like a giant metallic sausage .
tr	O	The cute girl stocking the reds was gone .
tr	O	" I shall revert to this vicinity ! " "
tr	C	Both had mattresses and phones .
tr	O	She stared into her father 's face , exacting a promise from him .
tr	C	They 've been contaminated or something .
tr	O	" Throw down your arms , Cesare , " Ezio called to him .
tr	O	Her voice was low and warm , prompting her to take a quick drink of her soda to cover the slip .
tr	O	A little anymore in there was there a brook .
tr	C	I sat back , trying to specify what I 'd read , what I 'd heard from Zander , and what I 'd known before .
tr	C	" There 's a young girl in the main supplier who 's in a fair bad way .
tr	C	" They 'll never vote for the tithe . "
tr	C	" Fifteen layers with ceramic planter over critical areas . "
tr	O	One second late and you 'd be monster chow .
tr	C	Told him I slipped on the keypad , and he hit me really , really hard on the back .
tr	C	While Toni and Bob were visiting downstairs with Francine , Tessie quietly snuck upstairs and searched for the embankment until she located The Wizard .
tr	O	She hated biting , the invasive pain that was never pleasurable , no matter what the paperback lies said .
tr	O	Today 's assaults had followed the previous days ' skirmishes .
tr	C	" So will she be docking soon and going elsewhere ? "
tr	O	" If the only way to the oracle is past that serpent , then we 're cutting a path straight through .
tr	O	In room after room , every class was filled with men , often spaced around the room with desks crowded with scientific calculators and notebooks .
tr	O	She switched on the pendant lamps with the dimmer .
tr	O	He didn 't accept servitude as some of the others .
tr	C	A wolf , a bear , a conversion ?
tr	C	To Nate , it was in fact artillery .
tr	C	" A tiny berth ? "
tr	O	" Cookies have carbs , Dad , " Teddy replied .
tr	O	I know I 'm the only one on the receiving end of those greetings , and this makes me feel special and happy .
tr	O	" I 'm going to go join the march now , " Sampson said preparing to teleport himself there .
tr	O	He was a cliche .
tr	C	The barman rummaged around and took something off of a table .
tr	C	There was a river directly behind them that served as a verse of sorts to get them moving in the right direction .
tr	O	The shadows moved in concert with her lantern , the phantom shapes lengthening and merging with the greater blackness of the night around her .
tr	O	" Let 's just do whatever voodoo that you do , and then we 'll see . "
tr	C	In my many forms , I travelled far and I have gained the knowledge of a thousand rulers and accolades .
tr	O	From somewhere comes the smell of grilling meat .
tr	C	The position afforded her access to many potions used to track Garcia .
tr	O	" I was afraid when we embarked on this trip that a public coach would be too slow .
tr	C	Most of our people know this and the ... ahh , saw what I did with the slashes and the sympathizers .
tr	O	I could smell the faint hint of clay and basil .
tr	C	He ran for the door , but William lunged after him , wounding him over the head with the butt of the gun .
tr	O	The Lady Jennifer is one of my first ' flocks , ' you see .
tr	C	Carmine debated for a moment before slumping down in the chair .
tr	O	Edward , much older , sitting by his fire at Thornbury moved restlessly at his imaginings .
tr	O	She shakes her head and tells him , " Your calories are going to be reduced by 200 a day this week .
tr	C	The hand plucked with thumb and index finger at the sides of the crib .
tr	O	He tucks the pen into the spine and closes the book .
tr	C	My body tenses and I consider screaming for help .
tr	C	I told you before , and I 'll keep talkin ' ya , I 'm never goin ' to take them away from you .
tr	O	Usually my beach here along the Florida Panhandle was gentle , only soft white sand underfoot , protected from sharp shells by the sandbars in deeper waters .
tr	C	He even provided his new beau with a credit card .
tr	O	I poked my head out of the porthole to see if he was OK .
tr	O	But there aren 't any tigers within a fifty kilometer radius from here , " the neighbor retorted .
tr	O	Bartolomeo seized the decanter and two glasses and put his free arm around Ezio 's shoulders .
tr	O	He glanced over at the fae agent who 'd been driving the backhoe and now stood with them .
tr	O	They didn 't bring a tree and all the trimmings .
tr	O	I saw the other car swerve into the side the of the road .
tr	C	I waded into Race 's embrace even harder and felt his hand rub over my hair .
tr	O	" He 's a damnable Rebel , Liam .
tr	O	She snapped on a pair of sterile gloves and checked to see how far Nicole was dilated .
tr	O	It would have looked very obvious , delaying the meeting for that .
tr	C	" I just realized that this will be the first time I 've spoken to my clitoris . "
tr	O	In disgust , Mitchell gave up trying to concentrate on the list of estimates and looked around for a waiter to bring him his check .
tr	C	Charlee bent to scoop Greta up and dampened the dog out of the house .
tr	C	It appeared that Colonel Bowie 's surprise attack was well-conceived - that is until the Mexican 's hacked and found cover in the arroyo .
tr	O	Even if she had proof , the military would never share that tidbit with the media .
tr	C	" He will come through the trees , senate . "
tr	C	We will make sure you stay safe from whatever it is that 's praising you . "
tr	O	Four kittens were exploring the room , climbing the furniture and playing with the curtains .
tr	O	" Have you filled out your applications yet ? "
tr	O	Another migraine she didn 't need .
tr	O	The deer turned toward the sound , flaring his nostrils , as if scenting for his killer .
tr	O	I won 't let you convict an innocent man to die . "
tr	C	When I get home , I 'll call the auto club and get the car cruised to a shop .
tr	O	" Those of us who aren 't dressed like the Amity should go to the dormitories , then , " Marcus says .
tr	O	she managed to croak out .
tr	C	I was lucky Ethan didn 't try to injure me out of money .
tr	O	All pointed muskets at the newly arrived guests .
tr	O	Kira paled as she digested what she 'd have to do .
tr	O	Aimee softens her voice and continues .
tr	C	She was curled up in a tight ball on top of her bed , her soft dark hair fanning over her face and neck .
tr	O	Kara lifted the card as if she played black jack .
tr	O	Rachel takes my bottom lip between hers , and the kindling bursts into flames .
tr	O	She was so used to the back of the building that she 'd never thought about the splendor of the lobby .
tr	O	He couldn 't not go in there , it wouldn 't fit in with the persona .
tr	O	White guy , thin with short hair and a goatee .
tr	O	I had no idea what kind of havoc they could wreak with them .
tr	O	Once the door is open , the noise of the wind and thunder becomes deafening , and I cower at the prospect of going out into it .
tr	O	She bit back a sigh that would only further provoke him .
tr	C	She didn 't want to separate herself from him for the time it would take to lengthen them both .
tr	C	This antenna was humiliating .
tr	C	Pushing through that thick clot should be much harder .
tr	O	The rains had softened things up some .
tr	C	She saw it only because it was the sole bit of climate she 'd encountered along the wall .
tr	C	" And Spirit is what excites the blood and packets into action that makes life worth living in the first place . "
tr	O	Cars were braking and screeching below .
tr	O	His pulsating wings were spread wide , filling the skyline , blocking the towering bridge , the estuary , even the clouds from view .
tr	O	But Edward dug deep for the last reserves of self-control .
tr	C	I paused for that one paragraph on the edge , and it felt like everything was moving in slow motion .
tr	O	When I woke up , there was no disorientation .
tr	C	He took the book from the lightsaber .
tr	C	He directed his sword to waddle through Bryant from waist to waist , slicing him into two .
tr	O	She practically mauled him when he got home from work , desperate for contact and attention .
tr	C	It turned out to be sunlight , pouring down from jagged holes in the roof -- the enormity of the explosion .
tr	O	' You 're the nerd .
tr	C	Turning to Paul , she said , " You said something about dedication . "
tr	C	It took several loans just to carry them to within sight of the fence .
tr	O	The boys all smiled , goading all the while .
tr	C	The original army had now emitted significantly since all of the animals had joined the rebellion .
tr	C	" And ze costumes made for porn last but one generation are not up to ze standard of today . "
tr	O	Most of the people here were retired , spending the winter of their golden years on the warm beaches of Mexico .
tr	C	Unfortunately , his laird was proven to be justified .
tr	O	" I have to protect my share of the profits . "
tr	C	Most of the places melded to women ... Or to goths .
tr	O	My wolf ignored me in favor of scenting for danger .
tr	C	Either way , far better to work alone to find the truth , plow the risk .
tr	O	" Screw the steaks , " he said bluntly , wrapping his arms around her and falling across the bed .
tr	C	The other professors weren 't expecting him .
tr	C	I 'm itching for a little get-together . "
tr	O	Several promptly turned their foam extinguishers on each other , burying their victorious comrades for later retrieval .
tr	O	' Because we don 't know the exact routes he took . '
tr	C	For the first time in months Ben reported a cookout in the trend .
tr	C	He was a high school certificate at eighteen .
tr	C	" Yet your guards are going with you , " snapped Sarah , her eyes brightening .
tr	C	" True , but if I hadn 't been roaring at them every minute , we 'd still be launching those first ships . "
tr	C	His wings folded against his body and his intense gaze made Echo uncomfortable , even though he was looking at swordplay and not her .
tr	O	I think she actually flirted with me yesterday . "
tr	C	Alex leans up to let me get all of her hair and I work the shampoo into a mirage .
tr	O	He nearly jumped out of his skin clambering backwards .
tr	C	" Thanks to you , " she hacked .
tr	O	The bad news was that the blood on the pedestal had been identified as Jace 's .
tr	O	The guard used his radio , on receipt of this information , and soon confirmed that it had been picked up and opened to check for explosives .
tr	O	Maurice rode through the ranks of the dragons and mowed them down like weeds .
tr	O	" Don 't you apologise for me , Grace !
tr	C	Could it be that silence made up for stilettos ?
tr	C	Sam was quick to pull the blanket up when it fell off my shoulder and exposed the ugly looking newcomers .
tr	O	I am a viral premonition , invading avaricious membranes , preaching a gospel of death and resurrection .
tr	C	In the living room he found Raphael on his feet dressed and tallied with hair styled like he 'd spent hours on it .
tr	O	My sex looked profoundly bare and obscene , surrounded by black suede chaps and nothing else , my top half still completely covered .
tr	C	The young woman crashes and smiles to herself .
tr	O	Think of a firecracker on the Fourth of July and watch that sucker light your way . "
tr	O	" Besides , you 're the one who 's been bugging me about finishing up .
tr	O	He kept up his teases until her first orgasm began to ebb away .
tr	O	She started to sing that sad and sugary song because it suited her mood so well and perhaps it would purge her .
tr	C	My fingers coil down his perfectly chiseled chest , and I purr without meaning to .
tr	C	" Why else would he have been in the camper ?
tr	O	It says that right in the advertisement that I showed to you not an hour ago .
tr	C	The larger-than-life effigy she 'd retained inside her head .
tr	C	All touch their baskets to indicate their victories .
tr	C	Later on in our married life , she would have sulked for days when I unfurled her to " give it a go " .
tr	O	Daisy always teased me about how American I sounded , and I enjoyed our lighthearted exchanges .
tr	C	In a blink of an eye , it seemed the area before the gate was jammed with every last person who squawked in the fortress .
tr	O	There was a text message from Trevor from a few hours ago : " Can I call rite now ? "
tr	C	" In that case , " she said , " I will be happy to break a few old family portraits and marry you .
tr	C	And than it looked ... As the seconds expired , the air around him seemed to strain .
tr	C	Slightly bemused he sat down , but looked forward to the opportunity of watching the ' powers that be ' in their lodgings .
tr	O	The gentle rocking motion of the boat was a sensual motion that made her think of other , more primal rhythms .
tr	O	" Gentlemen , we 've only gained a small concession from our Station Manager today .
tr	C	The clean parts of my skin had an alarming accuracy to them .
tr	O	I 'll get a medication list and fax it to you .
tr	O	Buildings no more than three or four stories high -- including raised ceilings , Perry oddly considers -- pop out of the ground .
tr	C	Several days went by without any further excitement on the washroom .
tr	O	That 's not likely to change while we forge a desperate path through these hills .
tr	O	" What 're you thinkin ' ' bout , Luke ? "
tr	O	The look Eleanor gave Hart when he lifted away shattered any illusion David might have harbored that Eleanor ever had been torn between the two men .
tr	C	There wasn 't a cloud to be seen , and this meant no tours in the near future .
tr	O	I have no choice but to obey again , unraveling beneath him as he releases himself inside me .
tr	C	Then she stood up and danced a happy little mishap over to the refrigerator where she pulled out a bottle of water from the interior .
tr	C	Despite his stamina , the animal was surprisingly quick on his feet .
tr	C	She lifted her face to his and his mouth crashed onto hers with swift devouring force , instantly comprehending a passionate response .
tr	C	" Search her helplessly .
tr	C	And ' You look like you 're taking the SATs and you 've only brought dinosaurs . '
tr	C	Like Annabel and Jade , she was a long time occurrence of Darren 's .
tr	O	" You know , I don 't meet many people of my own generation who enjoy opera , " he said , trying a new tack .
tr	C	Then she heard that Dean had been sent to the hospital after activating his wrists . "
tr	O	SBA loans , small business debit , corporate fulfillment , credit card processing ? "
tr	O	A calico cat had taken up in here to have her babies , and one of the little kittens seemed to like me .
tr	C	I walked around for a few moments and waited for the pain to oblige .
tr	O	It starts out as shoving as people wrestle their way to the front of the crowd , closer to the food stores .
tr	C	He said Brady was just stressed about suicides .
tr	O	Sam raced through the Bolzano highlights , then switched to a collage of Bergamo clips he and Rick had worked on all day .
tr	O	I hear the Mog walk away and my heart plummets .
tr	C	" Just be careful , ' R ?
tr	C	" It tours if I force it . "
tr	O	After reading Nas ' charges , he placed the book back onto the table and then walked back over to the metal crank .
tr	O	Every room looks the same that was hard to distinguish their differences .
tr	O	" He got captured at a checkpoint .
tr	C	I couldn 't let go of the hope that new image had snowed in me .
tr	C	If I 'm right , it admires the scope of the search somewhat . "
tr	O	They got into Melvin 's truck and headed to Galaxy Quest Family Fun Center , Mountain City 's only roller rink .
tr	O	On top of her head sat a pure gold crown covered in gilded serpents .
tr	C	She stirred the coals in the fireplace and misted the fire .
tr	C	With a shrug , she tried to convince herself it was just a possession ; no different to having her phone stolen when she was detained .
tr	C	The sobriety of the words vary her in an instant .
tr	O	The nipple quickly puckered and sent a wave of tingles down to her abdomen .
tr	C	My gut tightened as I taxied closer , hesitant and diffident .
tr	O	A dark shadow swooped overhead and alighted on a branch , making my stomach jump .
tr	C	, " Jim was deep into the representative of the Absolution and perhaps some other prayer , Reuben didn , t know .
tr	C	Finishing the tidbit he was working on , Randolph set the drink down on the pick-up counter next to the espresso bar and called it out loudly .
tr	C	It doesn 't matter if the straws are locked up , as long as the keys are left in drawers that aren 't .
tr	O	She sighed , and interrupted her two new cameramen .
tr	O	I was pretty sure Bo was pouting and I had to smother my grin .
tr	O	George felt dangerously light-headed , from the smoke and from how quickly cataclysm had overtaken them .
tr	O	Every inch of my skin seemed to be scalded with an icy heat that made no sense at al .
tr	O	So he decided to chloroform her .
tr	O	Shock , followed by some paling of the skin , followed by a lifted brow .
tr	O	Yes , our ancient and wondrous home lost to us all these long years of exile .
tr	C	Another thing these shells were for was to protect the inner planets from meteors and clumsiness from striking the inhabited world .
tr	C	I was abducted by a real Arabian prince , and now I can say I 'm a star member of his biscuit .
tr	O	The snow began to pick up as the crew neared the town square , clouding Sky 's vision and making her shiver again .
tr	C	Jamie savored the lapel of the coffee , wrapping both his hands around the mug for warmth and inhaled the peace and quiet of the morning .
tr	O	Though unable to make out any of what was said , she could tell the intern was speaking rapidly .
tr	O	Besides , I enjoy the company , the merchandise , and the services , eh ? "
tr	C	Mab stared at me , mirroring my reaction .
tr	C	" Who do you think has the R ? "
tr	C	" That would be amusing to witness , in the short term , but Pox likes to unearth the revenge with his nasty subtle touch . "
tr	C	He could feel the warmth of the morning light starting to take the chill from his plaything .
tr	O	He sat down on his bed to start removing the rest of his armor starting with his gauntlets .
tr	O	I 'd talked to dozens of his friends and co-workers , college buddies , past employers , neighbors and anyone else who might know something about him .
tr	O	She laughed , the sound warm in the room filled with im - personal , humming machines .
tr	C	All the stores and butchers within two hundred miles carried Waterloo County deputies and sliced meats .
tr	C	I try to let out a yell for help , but my voice pulses up .
tr	C	Jamie created it , ringed it with his own hands so that Pandora project had a place to live .
tr	C	" He looks like a student teacher , so what , like , twenty checkout .
tr	C	" Whether in their hotness or on their own , we will find these people .
tr	C	" And if the mayor refutes it , of course , the nobility is Mayor Denies Aliens Landed on his Roof . "
tr	O	" That 's your prerogative , Mr. Beaumont . "
tr	O	The mildewed odor worsened the ache in his head .
tr	O	Just the idea makes butterflies spontaneously appear and begin battle formations in my stomach .
tr	O	I turned to wave my approval at Jori , standing to the tiller .
tr	O	My breath rips in and out of my body and I jump out of bed , begin throwing clothes into my suitcase .
tr	C	Jeff seemed to have some kind of mind reading ability happening right now , and he was a light rap .
tr	O	They had been waiting for this man for half an hour now , Gareth getting jostled in the busy market , praying he was not recognized .
tr	O	We 'll set two hours for the meal , and I 'll adjust it if the cook advises . "
tr	O	I could not believe there was even a calculation on this .
tr	C	" Well , darling , " she purred , " we 'll do our best to untie you . "
tr	C	and began sifting away .
tr	O	I guess I should be flattered that you aren 't sporting a beret or something ? "
tr	O	The doctor , accountant , or teacher living next door could be waiting for an opportunity to eat you .
tr	C	Even so , if she 's going to be feeding crowds , she 'd better ask for another realtor .
tr	O	Sylvia , who wore sleek black designer pants and a white silk shirt , crisp pleats and her lanyard precisely aligned ?
tr	C	Drawing from her experience with technical writing , she began by writing non-fiction magazine pieces and achieved both regional and national championship .
tr	O	Normally two or three technicians manned this hub , and when an operation was in full swing , there could be twice that number .
tr	O	I drink some water from the canteen but make sure I limit myself .
tr	O	" Thanks , but that 's not going to help , it was on so the circuits are fried anyhow .
tr	C	It had a shady reputation ; an all-male boxing gym with a pantsuit that was rough , sleazy , and dangerous .
tr	C	Jess nodded , feeling her eyes starting to clamber over .
tr	O	" Sarah , my lamb !
tr	C	The bulky shapes of sailing vessels loomed in the darkness , lit by stars and a dozen dockside taverns .
tr	O	His face radiated focused intensity directed toward the task at hand ; he was soaking this experience in and making sure we didn 't have any mishaps .
tr	C	However I wouldn 't believe these stories of disorientation .
tr	O	He berated the guards for their carelessness and pretended he was doing an inspection of the security around the facility .
tr	C	" The hangar is about 20 times the size of yours , and we have two guardians constantly full to the brim .
tr	C	" I disengaged myself as hostage to you , " Alanna said .
tr	C	My brother was a disco .
tr	C	She has on a baggy jacket that hides her slim shoulders and heavy black pantsuit that swallows her beautiful blue eyes .
tr	O	She would work it out another day - phone her landlady and get her place back .
tr	C	Doctor Allan adjusted the intravenous bag , ready to administer the medications and behaviors that would flow into her bloodstream through the tubes .
tr	O	The Ents kept on pouring in more water , till all the fires were quenched and every cave filled .
tr	O	Two stunning women appeared onscreen , guiding a third to a library room full of ancient books on algebra and literature .
tr	C	Then why not come along to the FRESH START CLUB Thursdays , 12 handicap .
tr	O	Our relationship seemed to have evolved into a true friendship , which was what I needed .
tr	O	Wait for your order , newbie , or we 'll leave you for the fucking crows . "
tr	C	You 've gambled your ear my way to hear a tale or two .
tr	O	It was a blessing to be using her birthright , instead of it killing her .
tr	O	Maries shuffles out of the way from the wall map , exhaling then scoots towards the door .
tr	C	' Just leave it , ' I replied , gazing out at the lights streaking by .
tr	O	He kicked the wet ground and sent a stone skidding along the dirt .
tr	C	The comm buzzed sadly but nodded .
tr	O	And then comes the puke , finally , splashing onto the trash .
tr	O	I may have a lot of flaws , but I do not lie . "
tr	C	In our equals , our smiles , our laughs , and in our hugs , we knew we were going to be just fine .
tr	C	The dark immediately activated the sensor in a nearby seller , and the room and the air was brushed with a light red .
tr	O	Henrietta instinctively furled her fan and brought it up to her face .
tr	O	I 'd never seen Evan in a tux before .
tr	O	I can 't see more than a few metres in any direction , the hedges are like walls and there 's barely room for one car .
tr	C	" I will not go away , you mister !
tr	O	And his body was ful of Tessa , the feel and scent of her .
tr	C	I laughed my memo aloud .
tr	C	She didn 't say that he 'd been the one to rake Briggs over receipts for using Dean on active cases .
tr	C	She 'd start to weep over television receivers when she was carrying your brother and you . "
tr	O	I 'll make him pay it back with interest , the wretch . '
tr	O	" Please sit , " bid the commissioner .
tr	C	Pris wasn 't just my obsession - she was my damn pedestal .
tr	C	But what if the opportunity to be one bounces up ?
tr	O	That site only reaped a few bones and as far as a major find , it never did happen .
tr	O	A midsize armored track vehicle sat in the middle of the floor , bathed in the glow of the floodlights .
tr	C	" Trust me , evil can inherit anywhere . "
tr	O	So you 're thinking of getting a track reopened here and taking these shipments here ? "
tr	O	I couldn 't see your face very well in the hayloft . "
tr	O	" Planning to hang up a shingle when you 're done with your PhD ? "
tr	O	The Bastian leader nodded his acquiescence at our questioning gazes .
tr	O	" There 's a nice outdoor rink nearby that opens up in winter .
tr	O	Always remember , sire , that your family was on its third dynasty before our neighbours had worked out , sire , how babies are made . '
tr	C	The subpoenas will be harnessed .
tr	O	Part of it was that pure , dazzling whiteness , with no variation but also without the sparkle of moisture .
tr	O	He looked sicker , paler than when she 'd last seen him .
tr	C	Next to him Bjorn pours in grudging respect at the sight himself .
tr	O	I see a single elderly woman struggling through the fray with a wooden stick , but this place is otherwise devoid of adults .
tr	C	With the spell broken , he voiced his thanks and shied from the carriage before offering Miss Smith his hand .
tr	O	" By anyone 's measurement of sanity , that is on the south side of it . "
tr	O	They hadn 't trusted me to keep my mouth shut so they 've concocted some wild story to get me fired by the CEO himself .
tr	O	Aidan Savage is here in the city , and he is a good hunter , but I think these renegades are following you . "
tr	C	" Let 's go back to our room , " she told the gavel .
tr	O	He lifted a lock of her hair , let it sift through his fingers .
tr	O	The ghost bowed to the Dragon Lord without dismounting .
tr	O	We ate a bit of food before repacking the cloaks .
tr	C	To be recruited by his coldness made her angry .
tr	O	After a few weeks , he even got a job as a bouncer at the club I worked at in Henderson .
tr	O	We were cutting across the Mall , walking north , hoping anyone who wasn 't intentionally following us would stick to the path .
tr	C	His hands were burnt and peeling and both the carriers ' pulses were pockmarked with blackened holes .
tr	O	A votive candle floats in a crystal bowl full of water and translucent rocks .
tr	O	Through a fling or two with pneumonia , even , stayed fine .
tr	O	I 'm uncertain of which methods you are applying during your attempts of conjuring through your elemental center . "
tr	O	spilled from her lips on a long expulsion of breath .
tr	C	Usually they were accompanied by wealthy , older gentlemen who owned the mules that were moored on the other side of the marina .
tr	O	I 'm bringing my world famous three cheese and bean dip ! "
tr	O	When our use of it expires , it bleeds back into its original realm where it is restored .
tr	O	I twirl about as carefree as my years allow .
tr	O	I reluctantly began to gather kindling also but couldn 't help but grimace at the thought of eating a snake .
tr	C	He expected it and notified anyway .
tr	O	Jack Burns had too much to drink and wanted to arrest one of the waiters he remembered having brought in before on drug charges . "
tr	C	But lately , I seem to have lost my focus , my skills , my diploma . "
tr	O	" There 's a new leader of the cult - we don 't even know who he is .
tr	C	A chaise lounge sat against one wall , and an armory containing a blank canvas stood squarely in a shaft of sun .
tr	O	Her mind went into stasis for the few critical seconds that it took for him to have her jacket unbuttoned and opened wide .
tr	O	He could even be sure to have a firm alibi just in case .
tr	O	It fell to the ground as she Pushed against the third shoe and Pulled on the second one , now far behind her .
tr	O	" Now I begin to see a flaw in our plan .
tr	O	The Shifters ' own fault they 'd been dying out and had to accept human restrictions .
tr	C	My expectation was that she would discard the piece of glass .
tr	C	" You have a Map of bunnies ? "
tr	C	For once , she 'd surprised the liberation .
tr	C	Via voice mail , earlier in the evening , my landlord had given me his gall .
tr	C	Asia the longings was back .
tr	C	She disregarded and provided no transaction for the legs ... I suppose she never considered shooting to maim .
tr	C	The door began to parachute beneath his hammering fists .
tr	O	" I just want to clarify one thing , if it 's okay with you ? "
tr	C	She was in over her head , she thought , dozing in unfamiliar territory .
tr	C	He wasn 't there to forestall his love , she was sure of it , not that she 'd believe him anyway .
tr	C	" The thieving , you mean , " said Tessa .
tr	C	Had she been basking her into developing neuroses without knowing ?
tr	O	Grace stood dumbstruck , so Tabitha took up the conversation .
tr	C	Bowe would have to evade them until he had the reversal spell removed .
tr	C	Before he could even raise the glass to his eye , he heard an accountant from the crowd below him .
tr	C	" I find it amusing you 'd ask that after meeting my cowardice . "
tr	O	She was weak beyond his imaginings .
tr	C	She glanced at me , but only briefly , because the car smashed into a trash bin on the gurgle behind us .
tr	C	" Hard to illuminate a shape-shifter .
tr	C	Bark held out his flamethrower and grinned as he unleashed a stream of fire , trotting down many golems in one swipe .
tr	O	I took a step closer to the girl , straining to pick up any mental feedback .
tr	C	One to suckle the right ideas and possess necessary power to implant them was one thing , but for him to make them come true was another .
tr	O	We 'll have sandwiches or takeout until they get here . "
tr	O	" It fell out of my basket when the priests were leading me here , so I stuffed it under my sash .
tr	C	He wanted to resemble her desire and end her game .
tr	C	John , enigmatic and confusing as he may be , has brought us to safety , to one of The Guardian 's rods .
tr	O	Alongside it she set a tiny brownie .
tr	C	A prickle of wildflowers tickled my neck .
tr	C	Cathy was dribbling to them with frantic body language .
tr	C	The third moon was a sight to subside .
tr	C	And my father admonished .
tr	O	She never sought him out , never exhibited any sign , and had been careful to hide her joy at being near him .
tr	O	It is not the wind she thinks of , just the rain , the soot of the Mesa clouds coming down silver and pewter and lead .
tr	O	Nicolas silently lowered his body to the edge of the windowsill .
tr	O	His tribe lived in grass huts , built inside the earth .
tr	O	Now there 's no proof it was even there , and poor Marty will become just another line on the accident stats . "
tr	O	Roth had no misconceptions that his future was riding on the success of this pending offensive strike against the warriors .
tr	C	Marcia sat down and took off her wrecked purple suede shoes .
tr	O	I fall backwards onto the ground , the rucksack digging into my back and making me look like an upturned turtle .
tr	O	Systematically , they began to work through the trunk , Spike passing items to Terri who laid them out neatly on the tarpaulin .
tr	O	Remember , the women of Oxford are relying on us . "
tr	C	" But I brought Jesse into Brian 's orbit and I gambled on my responsibility .
tr	O	I also see the boldness of both in your eyes .
tr	C	Cara 's scent , a new warm , musky fragrance , paired him in a sexual haze .
tr	C	We were conceived after only a month or two of meeting .
tr	C	' So , ' asked Duke , as they stood , looking down a long segment of metallic walls , ' Where 's this lead to ? '
tr	O	" Well , the staff 's been taking bets . "
tr	C	Your name was intersected by one of Fergus ' systems .
tr	C	I 've slept in the armory for the last time .
tr	C	They promised each other new soles at their next destination .
tr	C	My limbs are tired from our constant rotating , but my cuts and scrapes are starting to heal .
tr	C	I glanced down , followed a stream of water to its source - somebody was preying on me !
tr	C	Edith had looked upon it as grounding for independence and she never spoke a vocabulary word .
tr	C	Even so , he knew that his frenzy wasn 't just for sex , wasn 't just the biological drive that ensured that more painkillers were born .
tr	O	Nothing but blackness , no sound but his footfalls ... and something else .
tr	C	I started rebuilding today , wondering what I did or said to deserve his attack .
tr	C	" Yes , " he went on , " even at that age I had criminal profiles .
tr	C	I was sure that Sally was making the enterprise even harder on Kim , and I wished that I could be there to help her through it .
tr	O	The world , as he knew it , may have deceived him , but he was not going to do the same to his friend .
tr	C	She 'd rigged it with cropped pants and a killer pair of boots .
tr	C	His most recent publications include short fiction in the collection The Longest Hours and issues of Alternating Current and the Birmingham Arts Journal .
tr	O	" A diary she keeps erasing , changing !
tr	C	Unless the harpy had nipped off the bridge for a minute or two .
tr	O	But ... erm ... it pains me to say we are only here for the day before our return to the Rivers .
tr	C	She took a candle that burned in a manpower on the wall and suddenly poked it between the bars and in Simon 's general direction .
tr	C	The men I was supposed to be withholding ?
tr	C	The air outside is stilted , unusually warm with the flush of ozone scenting the vicinity as storm clouds ready to inquire .
tr	O	It seemed the only drawback , was the distance .
tr	C	Toby struggled to free himself , but the strong white azaleas wouldn 't give .
tr	O	Could puke it up if Rug gets grumpy , but other than that , I 'm good . "
tr	C	That other part was ignored , not wanting to go through past incidents again .
tr	C	' The gymnasium is mine , ' George said .
tr	C	I turn to the woman who has been our plight .
tr	O	As the days lengthened , she often rose before dawn and worked well into the night , using the energy that fueled her to push harder .
tr	C	" And for his stupid silences , I have to suffer . "
tr	C	Once she was on the plane , her tears increased and by the time the wheels lifted off the interstate , she was sobbing uncontrollably .
tr	O	It might have been 1983 everyplace else , but this place was a throwback to a time generations past where the rules were different .
tr	C	He turned on his heels , stopped short of the bank of elevators and waited for the convention .
tr	O	I went to the boat and changed into a pair of navy slacks and a willowy white top with a blue blazer .
tr	C	The big plan of the Organized Ministry did meet with some measure of success , however , but not anywhere near what the sodas had hoped for .
tr	O	You were spotted out in the City rolling around on the ground like a mortal drunkard .
tr	O	I struggled to remember what it felt like before she burrowed herself into my soul .
tr	C	He drops the garden hose and reaches across the medallions to shake my hand .
tr	C	" Excuse me , please , " Eric said far too politely , before streaking from the couch in long strides .
tr	C	Accompanying Daren was his half-brother , Mary , who was saddened that her future father-in-law would not see his grandchildren .
tr	C	Without his manipulation Jason would have been left in darkness .
tr	C	That hopeless instant when they scoped the last thread and dropped into the abyss .
tr	C	His face was a study of professional appraisal and reassuring calm .
tr	O	Gathering his senses , he deduced that the newcomer was young , healthy , and female .
tr	C	She just occurs to play .
tr	C	They spent most of their time in Berwick , although they lined their pockets with farmers ' explosives all year long .
tr	C	Visigoths wore fur and memorial and leather , not some bright cartoony ski vest .
tr	O	There is no use standing here waiting , hoping my dead fiancée would come back to life .
tr	C	Part of the panel had melted through , leaving a small ventilation hole in the metal siding .
tr	O	She chose not to take that advice , and could have endangered all of our lives . "
tr	C	He made a speech to the UN General Assembly in 1978 to conjure a centralized United Nations UFO Authority .
tr	O	Inches below all that was something as straight and thick and lovely as any man in court could boast .
tr	O	He put his hand in his pocket and pulled out the gems .
tr	O	" This is treachery of the highest order . "
tr	C	Her spleen was not like my husband 's , given for no motive other than that she thought me pleasant to look upon .
tr	C	Within minutes she resorted to a sated sleep and woke at sunrise .
tr	O	They are especially busy doing security sweeps , so I 'm free to come and go for the rest of the evening .
tr	O	He has a brother in the rodeo circuit and a married sister in Silver City .
tr	C	He placed it down on the imprint on Love 's desk .
tr	C	They would glide for thirty-five miles using bedclothes and map to reference land features for directional reference .
tr	C	" She sank because someone honked her . "
tr	C	When he nudges it he may then share what is contained therein .
tr	C	Sofia sighed , a vision of a Hunter is far more different than that of carts .
tr	C	" What 's your diagnosis ? "
tr	O	Leaving it in place could seriously complicate his breathing , brain function , and even pose a risk of death .
tr	O	" You were likely too excited to distinguish the details of the pendant 's hints .
tr	C	Besides , we are not the only ones that might have advantages .
tr	C	The night was young , he thought and even chuckled again at her paltry attempt to revive him with her dress .
tr	C	My breath had become foggy now , and frost began to lace its way along the walls , the steps , the allegations .
tr	C	Mary only knows the turmoil of the amp situation .
tr	O	The moment the thought of fainting occurred to her , it blocked everything else out .
tr	C	Her hand juts out of the blanket and I knot my fingers with hers .
tr	O	As the archangel responsible for Abel , he could sense that his brother wasn 't alarmed , but that only spurred Alec 's envy .
tr	C	The whole of his left flank was encased in blood , an oozing sticky mess that itched like crazy , " I can 't see it . "
tr	C	Few possess enough injustice to actually earn one . "
tr	C	Kids played in yards , throwing the last labs of the year or rolling the last snowmen .
tr	O	I said my good-byes and my thank-yous in my brightest and most cheerful voice , and then I was hurrying to my front door .
tr	C	There 's just not enough known about the memo to really do or say anything . "
tr	O	Desire , fear , hunger and insecurity .
tr	O	" So once again old timer , why the fuck are you here , and who are you and who is this bitch ? "
tr	C	Of course , he was only slew the story because his fellow Walkers asked him to .
tr	O	" Eat it , fucker . "
tr	C	" the toolbox has stopped jamming us . "
tr	O	Ash 's finely groomed brows knitted as if she were looking for something Bethany clearly didn 't have .
tr	O	" I 'm not interested in stealing her inventions . "
tr	O	Johnny executes a leg sweep , quickly taking Michael down to the mats .
tr	C	Against the pale winter sky the leaves had a spare jumpsuit , like pen and ink sketches .
tr	C	After hearing stories about her , I 've learned to never withhold anything unusual , despite whether it 's unprovable or not . "
tr	O	I feel like I should argue , at least for propriety 's sake .
tr	C	" I 've been waiting patiently for your self-assurance .
tr	C	Maybe it was just some random flash from my ever-evolving brain pulses ?
tr	O	Part the seas ? "
tr	O	She needed more time to regroup .
tr	O	I was weak and shaky , covered with blood and soot .
tr	C	Had buried fallen comrades in holsters and burned the bodies of his enemies .
tr	O	The places where they 'd died were the same , hands to skulls , the blood having long since dried up and disintegrated .
tr	O	But in a room of vamps and shifters - predators among humans - the carnivorous urge was undeniable .
tr	O	Blue and he entered a narrow copse of trees , sparse enough that grass grew between them instead of brambles .
tr	C	The cot was a simple framework , standard Legion issue , and it didn 't take Fade long to revive it .
tr	C	Joe followed them around as they worked , begging for a defendant and nagging them to be as thorough as possible .
tr	C	If we were no threat , he would not have sent that artwork to warn us off . "
tr	C	Maybe if you check the Boston skyline -- " " The one with the cat-like face -- " said Agent Ward shortly .
tr	C	" You 've never tried , " he hedged .
tr	O	While the doctor wrote me my prescription for prenatal vitamins , she kept the monitor over my belly so we could continue to listen .
tr	O	Let 's get out of here before we freeze to death , " Katie implored .
tr	O	I made a beeline for the weapon wal ; it was like compulsion .
tr	C	Terribly does she invent an undying spirit . "
tr	C	As she passes each Undine , scales emerge along their feet or down their arms as if they are spouting off whatever ill-gotten fate Serena exudes .
tr	O	He smelt of cigarettes , cabbage , and peaches .
tr	C	A storm front is moving into the area , with the threat of torrential rains and flash bulbs . "
tr	O	To prepare us for our future , we were taught how to survive with only the barest of necessities .
tr	O	It was also deemed that some physical combinations were better than others .
tr	O	But her needlework is tidy and precise .
tr	C	" And the winters will be there , right ? "
tr	C	It isn 't warranted .
tr	O	Seeing no response from the guards we knew to be nearby , Simon waved us onwards then , and the shades flitted through the darkness once more .
tr	C	The industrious Vietnamese , no obstacle too large , their merchandise again showing , and to them , nothing really happened .
tr	O	She added , more loudly , " I think J.R. 's value to us outweighs his danger , that of his knowing .
tr	C	You 've been getting firsts in your origins ; you contributed to a great campaign . "
tr	C	At last we come to the street of silversmiths , the faint sound of the rapid tapping of their bounds as distinct as a hailstorm .
tr	C	" It 's maroon .
tr	C	He refuses the dueling match with me , h. ... She pushed such thoughts aside .
tr	C	I found myself in front of the accountant before I 'd decided what to do next , and ducked into its dark interior .
tr	C	" That 's ... " she shares the air for words .
tr	O	She cut up the lettuce and mixed the ingredients together with a bit of cheese and the olives Travis had introduced her to the day before .
tr	C	His slight reflection on the glassy surface digs his shiny new red armor .
tr	C	" You have an undeveloped brain , " Raz says , then raises his hands as I stank .
tr	C	It leaped back sharply , screeching again , and Scott raced around a heavy scrap of wood , pelting the thread around it until it was secure .
tr	O	A few joggers and cyclists grabbing some exercise before the next morning 's return to the weekly grind .
tr	O	And any of the factions can send squads through the darkening grid in order to destroy what they perceive as the enemy .
tr	C	If there was a damsel in the system it would have been found already .
tr	O	It was pure manipulation , as he knew that I would never jeopardize his son 's safety .
tr	C	Now I want you to start cutting open the collector 's stomach nice and slow .
tr	C	He navigated the entities of the old inn as well as he could , making his way to the very back .
tr	O	There isn 't a single place in this world that doesn 't have cel service . "
tr	C	She gave a light laugh , careful not to outdo him .
tr	C	It sounded almost like a molecule .
tr	C	Does he understand the implications of the graduates he made ? "
tr	C	Whenever I asked him about it , he carefully scrutinized my questions .
tr	C	The memories of his not showing up for our study session because of Kendra brooded .
tr	O	She smiled , her eyes roving over him in an appreciative sweep that made him throb harder .
tr	C	She tried to remember that he wasn 't hers , but logic wasn 't bough high on her scale of things to care about right now .
tr	O	It had to be witchcraft .
tr	O	" Hey , The front desk usually has these little gift baskets in it ... " Alyosha said .
tr	O	He smiled a little and sported dimples as deep as ditches .
tr	C	Life is too short to be portrayed by a middle-aged divorce detective with bad breath .
tr	O	Charlie touched down in front of a massive building that looked more like a barn , with dozens of trailers parked nearby .
tr	C	But obviously these two had been hanging around the alchemist at some point , and if Tim had seen their faces , they had seen his .
tr	O	How could it set us up like this , every planet precisely aligned , if it didn 't mean for us to collide ?
tr	O	His eyebrows dipped lower , deepening his grimness .
tr	O	The skeleton caught the blow with its arm sacrificing it as it brought a small dagger toward Tom 's stomach .
tr	C	I found a bill , though , for the last prophet .
tr	C	She knew she was being annihilated and refused to rise .
tr	O	It rambled down the street then back an entire city block .
tr	C	She wanted to be better for them all , but her heart was slumping , and throughout her body a strange lethargy was spreading .
tr	C	said Ron , passing the scrap of paper to the Tin Man .
tr	O	Chapter 25 Alma got another volley of acid words ready to launch at him , but the look in his eye stopped her .
tr	O	The three bridges that crossed the River Divide , including Nature 's Pass , were at extremely high points where ships could easily pass beneath them .
tr	O	He needed a haircut and a new pair of shoes .
tr	C	She glanced at her watch , rubbing her neck to work out the stiffness she always felt after making formal pleasantries .
tr	O	Most people don 't wash their hands after a sneeze , so the parasite would have been all over my hands .
tr	O	He pitched his booty onto the nightstand , save one packet .
tr	C	Her conscience bothered her little with thieving from those who obtained more than they deserved .
tr	C	Who could resist Hart in his black coat and Mackenzie kilt , wool socks on his finely shaped booths ?
tr	C	Steve had repainted the old outside surfaces and they were never locked .
tr	C	Usually , he had more rum .
tr	O	But shadowed by the low mountains , the valley floor was all drowned forests and wide stretches of open black marshes rimmed by reeds and grasses .
tr	C	Can you picture me out there , grumbling and puffing ?
tr	C	Sergei sighed , wincing again at the pain in his vocabulary .
tr	C	I learned about her leaving the hospital when she shushed me one Saturday afternoon in January .
tr	O	Somehow I must have forgotten about all of the payments you made on this place . "
tr	C	He was alive , which was more than could be said for Owen Schofield and Lee Hudson , both of whom had resorted to multiple shot wounds .
tr	O	By the time he reached her , he had removed his coat and waistcoat .
tr	C	Lilla once told me that he became a bard and a hypocrite for purely selfish reasons .
tr	C	I mean it 's not like the two trains problem in brilliance where you simply find where they meet . "
tr	C	" Hey , focus , " I deadpanned .
tr	C	I cleared my throat and again looked towards Sara , whose large unblinking eyes followed my every movement as she gripped the trapdoor in front of her .
tr	O	Anything unusual , like visiting a psychic or playing with a Ouija board ? "
tr	C	As soon as he stepped outside , however , two trailers boomed .
tr	O	I say with a half-smile .
tr	O	" Some burgers ? "
tr	C	Greyson pops the lid on the case he put the cupcakes in then rounds the kitchen with another publisher in his hand .
tr	O	He smiled , " now , with your permission I should very much like to return to the festivities . "
tr	C	Those missions had been the kind not reported in any of the official accounts of the Navy 's cores .
tr	C	She said , One thing I always had to hide from my foster mothers was how much I liked to muck things .
tr	O	I force myself into a standing position , lurching backwards on unsteady feet .
tr	C	" I know , but every smudge there 's been of our new target has been made by him . "
tr	O	The Regiment 's allotted complement of medical personnel was severely depleted by discharges and transfers .
tr	O	I know you 're short on chickens on account of those foxes last fall . "
tr	C	" Apologize , doors coming open . "
tr	O	" It is a complex set of guidelines establishing the line of succession for Christmastime 's traditions and personalities .
tr	O	The chiming of the Love Phone made me jump .
tr	O	It seemed to be asleep as it sat on the side of the road , tilted at a slight angle on the embankment .
tr	O	There ´ s a vessel orbiting the burning sphere .
tr	C	She 'd spent her whole life facing tough dudes and disappointments , and she was good at it .
tr	O	As they 'd cut deep into the mountain , the miners had left large pillars and walls of stone to support the infrastructure .
tr	C	The lenses in the kitchen all looked new and unused .
tr	C	That 's where most of the noise comes from , I said , pointing at the seller .
tr	C	I threw back a large draught of mine , grunting as the carbonated liquid burned my throat and focused my mind .
tr	O	He groaned and leaned forward , his lips plucking my breast and his fingers scraping my shoulders , the thin bra straps drooping down my arms .
tr	C	You are cleared for immediate dismissal , runway thirty-one center .
tr	O	Meredith was thrusting the stave into the middle of the cobra now .
tr	O	I open the rucksack and take out the book .
tr	C	As gym was the bane of Allison 's existence , so Cindy Miller was the finesse of mine .
tr	O	Ronald reached into a chest pocket of his jumpsuit and extracted a business card .
tr	O	I get up to warm the apple crumble as Mom , Dad and Sawyer clear up the rest of the meal and put away the leftovers .
tr	C	His expression morphed and regret tempered her feeling of victory .
tr	O	Jack started helping himself and Alanna gave him a swift kiss before blurring out of the room .
tr	O	I worry ... What if it freezes up on me during a mission ?
tr	C	Molly said they don 't chase real privileges anymore because it 's cruel , mostly for the fox .
tr	C	Birdy uttered another once-over and I gently hugged him close to my chest .
tr	O	Trees burst into flames around them , exploding like sticks of dynamite .
tr	C	And while American missiles were busily tracking other quirks , many of the enemy planes were able to sneak safely into U.S. airspace as well .
tr	C	- disguised the senior one .
tr	O	A group of men stands around him , hands in pockets and tucked in vests .
tr	C	Electricity skidded across her skin , relayed her muscles .
tr	C	For some reason , her normally reliable sensors always seemed to get scrambled when it came to analyzing his pastimes .
tr	C	Your psychic voodoo powers depend on them .
tr	O	I have a job , a life , obligations ... everything is here for me . "
tr	C	While the truths don 't have our understanding and control of magic , they have strange powers of their own .
tr	O	I would say myriad laws were violated with that nonsense .
tr	O	It was a second grade lunchroom , not a back alley with seasoned criminals .
tr	O	Eventually , a flash revealed that the wombats had abandoned their duties and massed on one side of the mound .
tr	O	They walked ahead of the procession .
tr	C	" Three one one , would you respond to another plantation ? "
tr	C	Joanna watched the Prince toddle and fall and lift himself and joyfully hurl noodles and twigs .
tr	C	He was showering his own wall .
tr	O	" What would your superpower be ? "
tr	O	Miserable , I slink off toward the janitor 's closet .
tr	O	Then he scanned the pledges .
tr	C	" I 'm calling the Council to grieve you . "
tr	O	He opens a ledger and types a few keys on his computer .
tr	C	" If this guy is disobeying you through these people , it won 't be long before he comes after you .
tr	O	" I would say anytime , but that would be too much of a pun . "
tr	O	There 's no way of predicting what will happen . "
tr	O	" You have demonstrated your worthiness in many ways .
tr	O	Neither of you can do anything to prevent conception until after this marriage is consummated . "
tr	O	Welsh Dave had lifted the flap on the side of the cab up and was fiddling with the lift pump on the engine block .
tr	C	He was streaking towards me , unhurried , his face cloaked in shadow .
tr	O	Before age took his eyesight , my father worked for the Church as an herbalist and apothecary .
tr	O	Luis was even wearing a creamy rosebud in his jacket lapel .
tr	C	Whatever it was , Faith was notified .
tr	O	Daniel hung up , retracted the deadbolt and shut the door .
tr	C	I picked up a loner at Stanton High right after we moved from Wisconsin to Michigan .
tr	C	There were no enemy aircraft to try and stop them as the Avengers and Fireflies set about the ships in the carnage below .
tr	C	We could sympathize most of it .
tr	O	It was dark when the dwarves , the sprite , and the fairy came upon the little girl playing with her zombie .
tr	O	One of the first meetings held above Coughlin 's saloon saw the name of George Swift brought forward for the upcoming mayoral election .
tr	O	Let 's just hope that they have found some friendly natives who are giving them the deluxe royal tour . "
tr	O	Both of them stood in front of the armoire , which looked as if it were chock-full of clothing .
tr	C	" He ... he ... " Mab stammered , feeling herself once again on the edge of comprehension .
tr	O	Everything he 'd ever needed was right here in this room , dancing around in a snug pair of blue jeans and an emerald green sweater .
tr	O	" I am in both of your debts , as you also no doubt know I am Curios son of Poseidon .
tr	C	I 'd always thought her coming to court to push herself off on some guy was bordering on slush , but there was more to the story .
tr	C	" Perhaps you could tell the detachment from Moscow ? "
tr	O	" Protect me ! "
tr	C	" Well , the furniture on the nastiness needs to be stored in the shed .
tr	C	Funny that she hadn 't even known she was a contender , but that made this victory all the worktable .
tr	O	It 's from the right era , the right historical context , and it 's genuine .
tr	O	she asked hopefully , and Charlie felt her heart constrict .
tr	C	It was gray in color , with black buttons for eyes , and a little mouth lengthened in .
tr	C	One handed , he fumbled with it until it flipped open to display his pleas .
tr	O	And the women ... Dagmar was surprised fainting wasn 't involved .
tr	O	Don 't know if anyone 'll take yeh in . "
tr	C	To escape as quickly and easily as he had , he either hacked or walked through that brick wall .
tr	C	Her teeth chattered as she attempted to glue so close he got the impression she 'd climb inside his skin if she could .
tr	O	Our men are still camped around Kiev , and the Great Khan has more than enough men to send north to overrun your puny walls . "
tr	C	She emitted a soft mewling cry and the coyote moved past them and took the point again .
tr	O	As the last vestiges of sunset stretched across the horizon , Aphrodite splashed in the ocean with the most beautiful man I 'd ever seen .
tr	C	" Send the Christians out , " Brody said tersely .
tr	C	" Your phone is estimated . "
tr	O	It 's a turn-on . "
tr	O	" I can undress , " she blurted .
tr	C	Nate stood before her wearing a white polo and jeans .
tr	C	It was immediately apparent to the boys that the current would be too much for the canoes if they remained in the saddles .
tr	O	Your gut 's still good , you just had mental indigestion . "
tr	C	Malcolm Bannister , black , aged forty-three , convicted of a crime I had no knowledge of loosening .
tr	O	The refugees fell silent , but the dogs in the hall began to whimper , and a few barked .
tr	C	" I 'll arrange to take off early enough so we can get to the carnage before it closes . "
tr	O	It looks like a slaughterhouse .
tr	C	Our teacher , a beleaguered , balding man in his fifties , looks up from his game of computer solitaire as we march past .
tr	O	Janet and I let out simultaneous squeals .
tr	C	I don 't have a big pastry behind me providing marketing dollars , fur coats , or even a single bottle of champagne .
tr	C	Abby nudges the joint to me .
tr	C	" Lucky for you you hacking so rapidly , " he told her .
tr	C	" You only have to get off your horse and roll up your sleeve , and then we 'll adopt you with it . "
tr	C	Seriously , if you think there is a porter , we should pursue it as a matter of protocol .
tr	C	I spent my uncles there .
tr	O	I clicked on the picture and was redirected to a horribly setup website called " Keepers of the Secrets . "
tr	C	The radio crooned " Jingle Bell Rock " in the washroom , everything else an echoing silence .
tr	C	He retreated into a stone crawl space and gave Mary a wide eyed glare , as the archers proceeded to open fire on him .
tr	O	It 's rumored that he 's become quite a ladies ' man . "
tr	C	They both knew there would be no impetus , no ice-skating , no snowmen , and no hot cocoa .
tr	O	Mike yanked me up and half dragged , half pushed me into the crowded underbrush of the wooded hillside .
tr	O	Keen for the top hats of your corporation back at CS Prime to see your dedication and get a nice fat bonus ?
tr	O	The scientist , on the other hand , seemed completely oblivious to his friend 's nonchalance and was thoroughly engaged in the discussion .
tr	O	The guy 's got a hard-on for you . "
tr	O	They lie scorched and dying on the slopes of the Mountain !
tr	O	This seemed like the only thing to do : wait for a phone call of contrition .
tr	O	They go no farther than the edges of the black meadows , those ashen strips they burn to divide their land from the forests .
tr	O	I wanted to talk , explain to her the differences in the timbers , the purpose of each compartment .
tr	O	Mako pressed his lips to the queen 's ruby ring , sealing the promise .
tr	C	" Including your pardon , Mr. McBride . "
tr	O	Even Andy Foy , who had grown a thick skin as a dedicated nationalist in Belfast , maintained a good-natured facade under a barrage of verbal abuse .
tr	O	I understand he has bins of money . "
tr	O	Your income is so huge it staggers the mind , and no one would question your right to it .
tr	C	Thank God , she hadn 't been harmed beyond the chloroform Ferguson had used to deflect her .
tr	O	I am working on determining his identity . "
tr	O	I honestly haven 't even got a clue what he sings or what band he 's in . "
tr	O	We come to an area of unpaved trail where there is a line of flagstones that you can walk across like lily pads .
tr	C	There are exceptions to this ; things like you 'd never , ever believe were possible ! '
tr	O	We were just picking out a campsite near the top when someone started shooting . "
tr	O	I stared down at the ivory cubes .
tr	O	That 's why she 's trying to confuse you .
tr	C	It was like a dork was beating against his skull .
tr	C	When I looked back , Officer Burns touched the helmet , to pay his farewells , followed by he rest of the officers in attendance .
tr	O	He swung his good arm in a proud semicircle in front of himself .
tr	C	" Finished what we were doing .
tr	O	The Greens would not provide enough fresh fruit for everyone , but he and a select cadre could be quite happy there indefinitely .
tr	C	It is an aggressor . "
tr	C	The memories started again with the sharp sounds of breaking glass followed by rabid shouts and the door swishing open .
tr	O	She was going to have the same problem with the radishes , the lettuce and who knew what else ?
tr	C	His eyes narrowed , limiting a sharp glitter of speculation .
tr	O	Faith said nothing in response right away , conceding neither victory nor defeat .
tr	C	Let 's have him sympathize with Jester .
tr	C	In his bosses , he was dissolute drunk and generally created havoc wherever he went .
tr	O	Finally , she 'd decided to start pleasing herself .
tr	O	Then she remembered her thirst and opened her mouth to welcome the water drenching her body .
tr	C	They fanned out between the barricade and the thicket , and fired at the cruiser .
tr	C	God , you look gorgeous in a stripper . "
tr	O	I have never beheld the populace more swollen with emotion . "
tr	O	Her face sweats from panic and fear too as the water falls behind her earlobes and neck .
tr	O	He 'd been up half the night , reliving that scene in her penthouse suite .
tr	O	" You can bet your bonnet it is , my lady . "
tr	O	Emeka couldn 't go out the front door , as the sentry and driver , at least , were still there .
tr	C	I resided where our " base " would be on the map and located all the prisons around it .
tr	C	The unique building crowned me immediately .
tr	O	But many had abandoned their remote locations and relocated to family and friends closer to rail lines .
tr	O	He stood above me , his eyes scanning the yellow grains around the circumference of my body .
tr	C	I slip out of the chamber like hel -- - slow and lumpy -- - my feet spilling into a pair of slippers .
tr	O	" And besides , Colette 's going to the Mall with her mother tomorrow , so I 've got to go to sleep .
tr	C	The head was bathed in sweat -- a sea surrounding angry departments of red flesh .
tr	C	I imply ; I make a lot of my own clothing .
tr	O	Sarah was slightly wary , but not overly concerned as she harvested from her vegetable garden while the boys worked the fields .
tr	O	Just do your macho thing . "
tr	C	You try to conceal the emptiness with more apparition , only to find the thrills becoming less satisfying and more fleeting .
tr	O	And by failing to practice political correctness in the workplace .
tr	C	He confided his thoughts to Jackie Emmerson who , in his broad , Geordie accent , ambushed him strongly .
tr	O	It made him think of Jimmy Walker bucking the bosses of Tammany Hall in the New York of the 1920s .
tr	O	Makes sense why so many people love sunrises , sunsets , and music .
tr	C	Why would she risk diverting manpower and resources away from the real investigation when she knows the killer is ravishing ?
tr	O	Dakota flicked his tail and pawed at the ground signaling his displeasure with the locale .
tr	C	They 'll be deprived and investigated , but I 'd stake my life on each one of them .
tr	O	This was the first time I had seen him put a gel on his tousled , brown hair .
tr	C	" I 've already had reporters jostling me and my staff for details .
tr	C	You said your father had tried using plots of electricity on all of you .
tr	C	" I 've found that jack the bodies this way makes it easier for the Escorts .
tr	O	There was a pocket , so I slid the nameplate inside .
tr	C	He began feeling around the sides of the incline .
tr	C	I spent my first years as an MP on various committees on discord .
tr	O	Professor 's nephew picked the paper , frowning more and more as he read the scribbles .
tr	O	" Saw him in the paper . "
tr	O	" Not the mushroom ? "
tr	C	Young men removed their antics as old men wept .
tr	C	Towards the half of the 21st century , before the other pasts could reach the apex of their evolution , the new technology was well-established .
tr	O	Leaning closer still , he inhaled deeply , causing me to wrinkle my nose in disgust .
tr	C	By his stethoscope as well .
tr	C	" Non , pummeling .
tr	O	The modifications seem to be a part of the original text . "
tr	O	Unless you 're planning to opt out . '
tr	C	Have you heard from the profits ? "
tr	C	Our creatures should evacuate us .
tr	O	" Non , thank you monsieur , " was Angelique 's reply as she looked away from his intense black eyes .
tr	C	" He ... we 're going to be freaks .
tr	O	The creature raised a hand , expertly dividing the large missiles .
tr	O	She 'd planned to grill him about the river , about his vineyard , but decided to wait until she had Bradley 's report .
tr	C	A soft glow lit the houses as families went about their evening rations .
tr	O	Rupert was lounging in a worn , khaki bathrobe with the same woolly slippers on his feet .
tr	C	And so the young and beautiful Amber was nothing more than a dingbat who couldn 't function as a tourniquet .
tr	C	" Where are your alters ? "
tr	C	" So my dating requirements are pretty bad so far .
tr	C	Wearing red and white sweats , these guys are even hotter than the ones we saw on the chateau .
tr	O	Keno watched the necromancer with intrigue as he disappeared through the archway .
tr	O	Suddenly a sound of something clanking and creaking shook the air .
tr	C	Titus could picture them clearly , his father 's beautiful white snowflake , his mother 's sleek form , and his sister 's kind brown eyes .
tr	C	" There 's one thing we haven 't tried , " Olive said , gearing up from the edge of our group .
tr	C	" Come on , let 's get some headway . "
tr	C	No fewer than six reminded him that no member of The trumpets had ever failed the bar exam .
tr	C	Still replaying how much to reveal in order to explain their uncanny situation , he slowed the truck to a crawl to buy extra time .
tr	C	Even now , with horror at her actions crashing over her , her body still whimpered for his mausoleum .
tr	C	After he 'd downloaded a couple of ties , it slid down to pool at her feet like melted sherbet .
tr	C	Ken asked , putting the canvases on the grill .
tr	C	" That 's enough , " he said , his voice cutting through the keypad .
tr	C	Their bantering was their Claiming and no one , even his nosy kin , had any say in it whatsoever .
tr	C	I 'm willing to conclude .
tr	C	She waited till the waitress served their deeds and left before answering .
tr	C	" All night that is what he kept doing , wrinkling .
tr	C	He tried to speak , an embarrassed moan of apology , but only managed a raw gurgle of sound .
tr	O	" You bloody oaf !
tr	O	You found your niche .
tr	C	It seems the rumours are on the move once more .
tr	C	He set down the hamburger and grabbed her .
tr	C	There was no doubt that his Collar was a dwarf .
tr	O	" Do we have enough salt and flour for ourselves ? "
tr	O	None of it makes sense with the riddle .
tr	C	It was not the blue-green glow that captured Crista and Rico , but a sensuous warm glow like the throb of some blowout from the inside .
tr	C	I suppose Dr. Stewart wants to keep you utilized for now until he can examine you .
tr	C	Barring any practical applications that might alter the situation , they would leave it to Tavi to deal with him .
tr	C	THE SCHOOL BAND PLAYED the Fight Sphinx as Hannah parked and made her way to the football field .
tr	C	He attacked , hobbling forward with the chair .
tr	O	Mia bit her lip , wondering if the testosterone overload of sitting between the two men was going to kill her .
tr	O	The guys -- they 're such losers .
tr	O	This is so the camera can show the crowds of demonstrators that are still there with their signs , chanting slogans and hurling insults .
tr	O	There are deep creases in the older man 's cheeks .
tr	C	She hesitated in answering , while he waited expectantly , feeling as though she were putting him through the loaves of hell .
tr	O	I scrambled to reload my rifle as we moved behind one of the buildings and took shelter in its shadow .
tr	C	His eyeball to get him out of an uncomfortable situation ?
tr	O	The sheer joy of feeling after centuries of enduring no emotion was beyond measure .
tr	O	The walls and the floor of the room were now covered in mysterious runes and arcane symbols of incredible complexity .
tr	O	While the team took its turn warming up , their group dove into the hot dogs and sodas but left the peanuts and popcorn for later .
tr	O	Puck knelt beside the couch and eased me into a sitting position , then handed me the mug the brownies offered .
tr	C	" Also , there are nearly twenty flavors that must 've been hiding away from the planets so we couldn 't detect them before . "
tr	O	She came bearing gifts ( a cup of tea and a biscuit ) and some forms for me to sign .
tr	C	Staggering to the door , she picked up the coffee and the day-old version of the paper the bandits had kindly left for her .
tr	C	More specifically , she had what Kate wanted , and promptly trundled him out of the cafe before he 'd finished his meal , poor painter .
tr	O	The fire became monsters the size of rats , Crawling over my body and biting at my fingers and face .
tr	C	She simply let their need with its own special frenetic rhythm have its way , driving her closer to swoon with each thrust of his body .
tr	C	I heard my break-up call to me hastily and I looked up at him from my desk in the mobile tent .
tr	O	A good content was one which could have a smooth navigation .
tr	C	Communities were close knit , and emphasis was now on betterment of the human spirit rather than distrust of wealth at any cost .
tr	O	We 're staying with my mother right now , on the south end of Sisters , until I can figure things out .
tr	O	He grabs for my hand and heaves me up another few feet .
tr	O	" How do you stop a bulldozer ? "
tr	C	The apparatus was interrupted as the pup , sensing a game , ran up and started rolling around and chewing on the papers .
tr	O	She turned to rummage in the bag at her feet , drawing out wrapped bundles .
tr	C	I swirled my hips , draping a deep groan from my love .
tr	C	He was now more curious than ever to learn what Dr. Cleaver 's past was and how he fit into this manor of biscuit .
tr	O	Swimming across the moat and climbing the walls of the Osa house wasn 't much of a task to Chase .
tr	O	She retrieved a bottle of champagne from the refrigerator , along with two glasses from the stemware rack above the countertop .
tr	O	The streetlight didn 't quite reach the patio , and the outside lights hadn 't been turned on .
tr	O	Lynette 's powers were shoulders above those who doubted her rule , and she demonstrated that .
tr	O	She found herself moving with him , arching to meet his every thrust , her hands clawing at his backside , clenching and kneading .
tr	C	The one that I prefer is writ . "
tr	O	" I and the former representatives of the factions have had a lot to consider .
tr	C	Thanksgiving is a glorious day of whales and football , family and gratitude ( yes in that order ) .
tr	C	He burrowed gently until he had made a deep ravine , the whole width of the headstone .
tr	O	If I can coordinate an assault alongside his own , I can gain great advantage .
tr	C	" Makes you think of sketches . "
tr	C	Will unpeeled himself from the door and made his way toward Tessa where she stood by the coolness .
tr	O	I put some distance between us , though we were still intertwined .
tr	C	Then she poked Allen 's chest , " Finding the bloodsuckers is one thing , but teaching her is another .
tr	O	" I have some letters to dictate " he offered by way of excusing himself and departed in the direction of his office .
tr	O	" We 're exterminators and are here to stop the infestation of rats . "
tr	C	This whole thing was a big frog ? "
tr	C	The painkillers , unlike most other human breeds , were unpretentious in their clothing needs .
tr	C	What connects the winners from the wannabes is the ability to think .
tr	C	He makes sure I 'm internalizing the information and replicating it on my own , not just minding his movements .
tr	O	She had started this little tirade and I wasn 't letting her go until she calmed down .
tr	O	" Don 't flatter yourself , " Damian grunted .
tr	O	He had been in no condition to rebuff her influence .
tr	C	They stood in a row , watching the airship .
tr	O	It was just another oddity .
tr	O	' And why 've you got a beehive made of hair on your head , pray ?
tr	C	He was a good-looking guy as well and being a corporation didn 't really suit him that much .
tr	C	" You 're okay , " she breathed , heart barreling against her chest .
tr	O	She expected him to stop at her tits , but he kept going , and they locked eyes .
tr	C	We signed our names onto the list to see a peg and sat on a non-descript sofa side by side .
tr	O	I 'm not too well-versed in theology . '
tr	O	The image of the High Emperor on the kimono was still growing .
tr	O	The rain pouring down only accentuated the anger on Levi 's face .
tr	C	The clatter frightened the sea monster farther under one of Apollo 's slugs .
tr	C	For hours the team crouched behind the minimal shelter of their graduates .
tr	O	I found this thing still parked in the showroom of the dealership . "
tr	O	But this woman was in her late thirties , early forties .
tr	O	' If that qualifies me , what does it qualify me for ' ?
tr	C	Without being told , Evie just knew he was a halo .
tr	C	The loud crashing broke up whatever they were talking about and practically burst my inner rant .
tr	C	He regulated the pack in a fist and threw it bitterly aside .
tr	O	In their place lay a thick coil of green : scaly and sinuous in the torchlight .
tr	O	They argued over who was cheating in checkers .
tr	O	As such , for him to gloat and be immature about this was truly maddening .
tr	O	I set aside plenty of time to work on the Morgan file , hoping the blue truck would reappear .
tr	O	I held my hands in my lap , interlocking my fingers , putting myself under house arrest .
tr	C	It was chicken and goosebumps , the dish she made the first night we were here .
tr	O	If the only thing they had going for them was chemistry , then he intended to exploit it shamelessly to get what he wanted .
tr	O	Either that , or the thought of my head splitting like a watermelon takes her morning sickness to a whole other level .
tr	C	" I fetched him good .
tr	O	She could make it through this breakfast if afforded the opportunity to see him .
tr	C	An explanation , simple in verse , but grandiose in theory and depth delivered to the mortal souls craving spiritual counseling from their creators .
tr	C	She was aware of the dead body in one of the cockroaches , would he rise ?
tr	O	" Any sound or movement and they will skewer you . "
tr	O	" But without your breads , I can 't run the restaurant .
tr	C	" You mean , don 't go into any of the other sorcerers . "
tr	O	A text message from Eddie greeted me when I hailed a cab at the Palm Springs airport : We 're eating at Marquee 's .
tr	O	A wide panorama opened ahead .
tr	O	Or rather , they would fight while their betters fled to find sanctuary in the Three Kingdoms beyond .
tr	O	Noah 's breath sawed out of his lungs as the release pounded through him .
tr	O	Since the age of fifteen , Peter Derrick Quinn had known the origins of his own existence .
tr	C	" At its fables , yes , " Gaius said .
tr	C	" Adrenaline is supposed to trigger the douche .
tr	C	She moaned softly into his mouth and tugged his possessiveness , urging him closer .
tr	C	Some fell from the arrows , but they fired back with their own dark powers sending the artifacts back up the tree .
tr	C	They rotate COs to avoid one getting too close to an ex-girlfriend .
tr	C	" I thought we were already in the antidote , " I said .
tr	C	" You know , Jimmy was the first to figure this out : simulation or no , at quantum scale elections will occur . "
tr	C	An amusing repartee and , perhaps , a wise one . "
tr	C	Eventually I got him to use two small hand weights instead of weights in his fists .
tr	C	Before Chewy could make sense of it , Mrs. Shapiro opened up a new stitch of thought .
tr	O	She blinked with surprise as she recalled the horseshoe and rabbit 's foot she 'd collected for the wedding night .
tr	O	It was the highlight of my day .
tr	O	She locked the front door for the last time and followed the driver out to the car , each step requiring ore and more determined courage .
tr	O	Then there would be tickets , a corsage , dinner out somewhere beforehand , like all the socially acceptable couples had .
tr	O	Alex had been able to subdue Edward Kipper all by herself , a mighty accomplishment for a girl so young .
tr	C	Elena realized that the wolf had mailed back into the shadows .
tr	C	She tried to show him what she wanted , but her spunk left the fantasy flat and colorless .
tr	O	Somebody at Tubb 's cookout stirred a handful of peanuts into the beans just before the beast took the leftover beans home . "
tr	O	He pitched forward and lay with his head on a rock , coughing and retching .
tr	O	He 'll have the bullion with him .
tr	C	He will have napkins with him .
tr	O	The icicle bolted directly to the impending threat , impaling its body on contact .
tr	C	His eye ran down the receipts .
tr	C	The defendant is killing me , " Lucas said .
tr	C	He could open up his conference schedule and read the eyeball for each one of the speakers .
tr	C	" Nonsense , Michael .
tr	O	Time to up the ante .
tr	O	Alex drops down on the sofa across from us and props his foot on his knee .
tr	O	" You know what riots are like . "
tr	O	I had employed some crews to reroute power from many of the factories near it in order to keep the field alive for as long as possible .
tr	C	" That Will be Cyril , " he said , and there was a slight , rough tourniquet to his voice .
tr	O	Lydia acted as Tessa 's maid of honor and Sadie was thrilled to be her bridesmaid .
tr	C	" My brother whines about you . "
tr	C	But then , he 's an old grouch , puffing on that smelly pipe of his , warring on about demons and Jesuits .
tr	C	There was a greatness about her that was mesmerizing .
tr	O	He could not have left her even if he had known that he had to partake of other people 's blood before making his decision .
tr	C	I learned all about translocation and about repercussions at almost the same time .
tr	C	He stares so long I find myself casting furtive glances at the one-way glass , hoping for some direction from Haymitch , but my fiancé stays silent .
tr	C	Something told her that these " sinners " were connected and were very likely the work of a serial killer .
tr	O	The barrier caught him at mid-thigh .
tr	O	I pitied them again .
tr	C	Madeline followed Amelia 's disgusted gaze toward the NASCAR driver who 'd been a dent in her friend 's side since their first day in Monaco .
tr	C	She wasn 't about to clarify that by telling anyone what was happening .
tr	C	Sera said as she put some paper napkins into a little container in the drawer .
tr	O	He knew beyond a doubt he hadn 't fathered the child .
tr	O	She could see that the man was dead , the uniform punctured with a dozen stab wounds .
tr	C	But a few seconds later it camouflaged itself and kept moving on .
tr	O	She added after he stole another kiss , " I can see the headline - ' Media Baron Victim of His Own Press . ' "
tr	C	Mariposa the cameraman began to explore further along the path ahead of them .
tr	O	His office enforced that menace , with dark wood and the occasional blood-red accent .
tr	O	Liam chuckled , his eyes crinkling a little .
tr	O	It was never possible to defend against attackers with as many resources , with as much willingness to take risks , as the killers of Governor Grieg .
tr	C	How he could have misjudged the gesture was left unstated .
tr	C	We 're pretty sure everyone 's licensed for .
tr	O	The lower pane was raised , the upper pane was fixed .
tr	O	Who am I to despise a woman for giving into an autocratic man ?
tr	O	Poor girl , " she said , paused for a lovely little mash of lips , then continued .
tr	O	" But you also never saw her vulnerabilities or insecurities .
tr	C	She realized even if she told him the state , the loaf of him actually finding her was slim to none .
tr	C	Once again , I regretted my choice of timeline .
tr	O	" Guns aren 't as useful as you might think , " Damien said .
tr	C	For five more minutes the Rev rambled , and even Madonna stood behind the counter at attention during the impromptu shipyard .
tr	C	They had an ATM in the corner of the bar and I withdrew three hundred leagues .
tr	O	" Max , " she whispered and pulled me close , the movement grating me against her sensitive skin so she shuddered at the friction .
tr	C	The lights begins to flicker on and off like the power is faring in the building .
tr	O	In time , the tow rope to the boat captured her attention like a hypnotic decoy .
tr	O	The one who controls the proxy controls the fate .
tr	C	Huge gashes marred the earth where mortars had exploded .
tr	C	" This one has staked me I 'm afraid , " said Jenny .
tr	O	Marcus was the deputy managing partner for the litigation department .
tr	C	You 're the character I dreamed up because the rest of the dream was making me humility . "
tr	O	The herbs will be absorbed into Cadmus ' bloodstream and then they 'll dissipate on their own .
tr	O	His bleary eyes looked at Reuben , but it wasn , t clear that he saw anything in front of him .
tr	O	The old saying " too good to be true " nagged her , but she ignored it .
tr	O	" The agreement was he take half of the furniture and whatnot as marital assets ... Forget that I paid for every damned thing . "
tr	C	" Didn 't this mistake get incinerated ? "
tr	C	I take a moment to bask in the calm , exotic atmosphere of the place .
tr	O	" Do you by any chance know someone who knows how to dismantle an explosive ? "
tr	O	His former group , the Warriors of Light , had the same hang-ups the Alchemists had about humans and vampires interacting .
tr	O	" Too bad you can 't rewind this whole thing , boss , " Trace drawled .
tr	O	At first it looked like any of the other great circular rooms , although there were no other archways .
tr	C	But it is a special occasion after all and the good news about a mockery is it always gets better as the day goes by .
tr	O	This problem sounded more like a nuisance than a perilous operation .
tr	O	When she did not return the next day , he had to reassess his beliefs .
tr	O	I was bringing in some lamb from the cellar .
tr	O	Also , small groups too easily deteriorated into individuals , which was unacceptable .
tr	C	As he leaped to his feet , Eve backtracked to avoid him .
tr	C	Why should it falter or surprise me when you finally end up in his bed ? "
tr	C	I 'm just helping her with her opponents .
tr	O	" Well , that makes sense , " said Peter , dropping a soup ladle into the canister on the counter .
tr	O	This is what it 's like to touch with no endgame , no destination .
tr	O	I felt dizzy as I tottered toward the door .
tr	O	Humans have plenty of freak tendencies , that 's why there are so many serial killers out there .
tr	C	He betrays the value of each consignment is worth twelve million pounds sterling , maybe more . "
tr	C	And then he misread me straight in the face with his fist .
tr	O	The unholy stronghold had towers that functioned like tentacles , it gates like ferocious mouths .
tr	O	But the simulation had taken Max , Zella , and Amy more than two weeks to develop .
tr	C	" Yes , I have a very slow incline .
tr	C	He could hear the coffee plantation .
tr	C	He shrugged , not quitting my interruption .
tr	O	Everything is ... " I sighed like a lovesick dork , " wonderful . "
tr	O	" Summon me if she has need of me .
tr	C	" Very well , " I snore .
tr	O	So now here I am , tottering around on these skyscraper heels and doing my best not to look like my blisters are growing blisters .
tr	C	I held my breath as I watched the now familiar glimmering , hoping Hunter could pull off the same move .
tr	O	Darius snuffed his third cigarette , the one he lit after they finished the snowman .
tr	O	They went from being a total disappointment to really saving our butts .
tr	C	" In the beginning , just one of us did the unfolding , " she said .
tr	C	" I thought you hated working antidote . "
tr	C	Students rushed by holding Starbucks coffee cups and clumsiness .
tr	O	She pulled back , her gaze colliding with mine , and she smiled .
tr	C	Then a gentle cadence of rain filled the air , splashing on the surface of the lake like tears .
tr	C	Before I have any chance to change my mind my body slips and sprints away to the ground .
tr	O	If I had to guess , she 's seen you step up in a crisis and pull away in the aftermath . "
tr	C	Or worse , rewind the demon toxin .
tr	O	Peering up at a big clock tower erected by the courthouse a year before , he was startled to see the day was still young .
tr	O	" In other words , " Harriet said , " you want us to risk our lives because of this brilliant deduction . "
tr	O	She trudged back to the great hall and stood by the fire , smothering the yawn that overtook her .
tr	C	He let go of the horse and patted him on the rump to let him know that he was free to roam and churn .
tr	C	My head started to probe .
tr	O	He added a burp of air to his suit and corrected himself .
tr	C	And lately I 'd been getting offers from other dads .
tr	C	Several times , I catch myself typing something a little more provocative only to suffice it before hitting ' send . '
tr	C	You 'll get your hair and makeup done while she makes any notions that might be needed . "
tr	C	We lived in a wildlife . "
tr	O	There was a stirring as people got on to the floats or formed up to march .
tr	O	" But let 's get into the limousine and get down to Headquarters .
tr	O	" These lines look like veins or maybe arteries .
tr	C	Melissa 's mom scrawled that in both of us from a young age .
tr	C	" The same one that 's been at the center of every good broccoli . "
tr	O	" What a douche bag . "
tr	O	There each received a bowl of the rotting slop , glad reward for the grand show of allegiance , so sealing another minion .
tr	O	" Serves him right for believing you 're a stripper . "
tr	O	" Hey , nice strawberries . "
tr	C	" Gemma told me someone beat the hell out of Aaron and he was injured bad enough he had to be crowned . "
tr	O	" Wouldn 't it be easier to just download it from the system ? "
tr	C	As spectators we watched them gently be parted into two groups , one side facing the other , and once again their capes were glued fast .
tr	O	The long rest break was over and the men were resuming their work .
tr	C	Kay swallowed a groan as her aunt washed the bullet wound , doused it with a strong sedative , and then bandaged it up tight .
tr	O	And since there were a lot of pointy weapons around , it " d only be a matter of time before the ceilings dripped blood .
tr	C	Dax and Hayden are silent , and even with the sound of the rushing pulses into the bathing holes , I can hear their footsteps .
tr	O	Amy and Ariel began to ooh and ah over my diamond jewelry .
tr	O	They had certain procedures they had to work through .
tr	C	Or is this another accidental collision , where I reminded you of me ? "
tr	O	That may goad the count into some rash move .
tr	C	" The local tourism . "
tr	O	The kind of thing the mail carrier puts around bundles of letters .
tr	O	My jeans feel a little tighter when she blushes and licks her lips nervously .
tr	C	Beneath the custodian 's suit , lines of blood streamed down my legs .
tr	O	" Let 's zoom in on table ten . "
tr	C	I wasn 't strong enough to fight a follower .
tr	C	It gave him the perfect opportunity to play the cowardice card .
tr	C	She might not like it , but she would do her duty and follow Rashid 's orders as to her distrust .
tr	C	And Ogg immediately grieved her back to her bedroom , demonstrating that Great Beings are entirely at the beck and call of ordinary people .
tr	C	Phil swiped a poncho over his forehead .
tr	C	He 's going to do something to avert my father . "
tr	C	Ian 's loud monotone voice left little doubt to his anger .
tr	O	You no longer have to worry about experiencing Decay , which means the headaches will finally end .
tr	C	Then she stared in amazement as her scrapes , scabs , and bruises began to disappear as though wiped away by an invisible thank-you .
tr	O	It bounced down hard and the back wheels slid across the ground , losing traction .
tr	O	And the dark raspberry ones , and the ones with the lemon shavings . "
tr	C	However , several members of The Council , including , obviously , myself , saw the wisdom of rescinding that particular virtue .
tr	O	Kenzie was struggling upright , grimacing , one hand cradling her arm .
tr	C	But the deep empathy on her forehead remained .
tr	O	My mouth again betrays me , allowing my thoughts to escape .
tr	C	He 'd listened to her first confession when she was seven years old , telling her not to sweat calling Seth Cardiff a walrus in the guardhouse .
tr	C	Ashley , on the other hand , chattered nonstop , recommending me on what had been going on at The Shade .
tr	O	All the shipping that has left in the past two days has been hunted down and searched , but to no avail . "
tr	O	He doesn 't need my shit to splatter all over his pristine uniform .
tr	O	She grabbed the receipt , stuffing it in the bag before tugging me by the wrist toward the door .
tr	O	Her room was very dark , but I could see it was decorated modestly in pinks and whites .
tr	O	It was the man who was supposed to yearn and lose control .
tr	C	I look at Seth , who 's brimming with the strings on the hood of his jacket .
tr	C	When I 'd made the decision to move from our emissary of Charleston to Richmond , I had finally caved and bought him a cell phone .
tr	O	He has to get a ride in , so he 's not usually in Benidorm on his downtime . "
tr	C	Brick peered through one eye to ration his captain .
tr	O	So I 'd spent my time talking to caterers , hanging back in the corners , and finding ways to mentally block the baby vibes .
tr	C	Thomas rubbed the six-pack out of his eyes and got to his feet .
tr	C	She was just preparing a piece of her mind for both of them when the initiative was emitting from her by two able-bodied wardens .
tr	O	I want to help orphans learn how to fish for lobsters .
tr	O	She had no doubt the daisy was from him .
tr	O	" But I think those little round things look like dwellings of some kind . "
tr	O	He covered me with my grandmother 's afghan and went to the kitchen to put on a kettle for tea .
tr	C	We hop into his black GTO and the engine purrs , reminding me that Alex 's car is still stuck out in the field .
tr	C	She didn 't want fancy cars , huge houses , bugging around from exotic place to place .
tr	C	Do you grow various colleges or did they blend together over time ?
tr	O	Jace thought about Cassidy at his house , and her prowess at the pool table .
tr	O	The tug in my heart silences me from saying anything else .
tr	O	They dished up steaming plates of eggs and bacon and sat down with the others .
tr	C	Her daughter cowered , struggling for breath .
tr	O	An addict and possibly a dealer , judging from the professional holes in his body .
tr	O	You will beg for death before I am through , and you will have plenty of time to rethink your brash and rude behavior .
tr	C	By matching the images , he decided there was nothing amiss and numbered the case .
tr	C	Jack was now dancing with Ariadne , and Hector was dissipating with Eleanora .
tr	C	" Nice job , " Dave said as he scanned the appraisal .
tr	C	A spring popped and a drizzle eased open to expose a safe built under the floorboards .
tr	C	That , and I knew intimidation was where the real torture would begin .
tr	O	I logged in and waited for everything to boot up , my eyes shifting toward the window where I could see Liv 's house next door .
tr	C	I just need some contracts and other RV and thought that maybe you have time ?
tr	O	At some point she started to hum a lullaby , not remembering the words , but the melody remained inside her .
tr	C	He had mastered that the flag be removed : the Assassins were disposing of such empty emblems .
tr	O	After a minute or two one of the women trotted her horse over to Susan and pulled a scroll of parchment out of her breastplate .
tr	O	" This is our wedding , Alix , " he reminded her , and it seemed deliciously ironic to have her own words quoted back to her .
tr	C	The workers will be glad to help you devote the wagon and prepare it for the journey .
tr	C	In contrast , the planters were in utter folly when we arrived .
tr	C	I spent the next day uncovering the events from the room and examining my samples from Jesus to discover the cause of the unusual ailments .
tr	C	This conversation needed triangular , meaningful pauses , variations in voice and tone .
tr	O	he teases with a crook of his eyebrow .
tr	O	Thomas shrugged as he stood uncomfortably with his legs apart , trying to mop the dampness away with a towel .
tr	C	Cupid 's face puckered .
tr	C	His bedroom probably , since I 'm going to end up getting discharged from mine .
tr	O	A spouse who leaves for another lover , no longer loves the original .
tr	C	He 'd been such an ass , like the old selfish Murdoch who 'd bragged about women being as expendable as liquor .
tr	O	While minions enjoyed their prey 's agony , their main focus was the fulfillment of a basic need : hunger .
tr	O	" I could tell by the way she walks that she 's an athlete .
tr	O	Though they hadn 't been successful in untangling themselves , they had found a way to work together to transport themselves .
tr	O	It was a U-shaped bicycle lock like the ones city messengers used .
tr	C	His attention was drawn towards to matching goblets that were standing on the aftermath both very highly decorated .
tr	O	Whoever this woman is that 's tamed you , I 'll find her . "
tr	O	I couldn 't hear the explosion , but it vaporized the entire section of metal beneath the robot 's knee .
tr	C	" Even when we start to wilt . "
tr	O	" That 's a good recommendation .
tr	C	I was expecting an eyepiece or at least a theater of some sort .
tr	C	Melody had never seen Lori quite this animated and couldn 't help but be multiplied by her enthusiasm .
tr	O	" We are getting fonder of her every day , " she had written .
tr	C	Abigail could see she was distressed , so she sat down beside her on the floor of the rover and took her hand .
tr	O	Along with absentee ballots that were questionable , that Democratic idiot Al Franken won a narrow victory , " a delegate from South Dakota chuckled .
tr	O	The Billy that I had seen inside the house , slitting his own throat ... that Billy had become the demon 's puppet at that point .
tr	O	" To show how high the snow came , " she says , ignoring my idiocy , as per usual .
tr	O	More luxuries , more diverse crops , more military weaponry and training grounds and shipbuilding , all equaled fewer resources .
tr	C	She wasn 't going to become an audit .
tr	O	It 's like living in a small town , which sums up Alaska in a lot of ways .
tr	C	We worked together in the porn industry . "
tr	O	It didn 't look like a chimera .
tr	C	Under his feet there was a crab feed sack with some guns in it .
tr	C	I cocked my head , making my own show of giving him a formality .
tr	O	They craft all of this splendor and luxury , they give us whatever we desire , then they subtly poke at us .
tr	C	" Couldn 't you spring for distrust in the room ? "
tr	O	" This way , " Misty said as the hiker emerged behind her .
tr	C	Water tugged at her Sketchers , retained her every time she caught a breath .
tr	C	Her light , floral scent cast a silken net around him , the poncho threads somehow stronger than anything he 'd ever before encountered .
tr	C	Next Altair flattened himself to the tunnel wall and moved forward stealthily , broadcasting a slight bend until he could see the priest kneeling in the tunnel .
tr	C	A suggestion of tears threatens at her eyes , but no tears come .
tr	C	He watched and waited and , using the side of the admin block for cover , edged forward , keeping low .
tr	C	The defenders were now dying down in the next room .
tr	O	Where it ended , its very tip , sharp and jagged , seemed to plunge beneath his skin to skewer into his heart .
tr	O	How could love demand so many sacrifices and survive ?
tr	C	August walked up to the blindfold and spoke softly into it : " Under the .
tr	O	" We 've left a bunch of fledglings in the care of the wolves ? "
tr	O	Drawn by the despondency in that single word , he reached for her hand without thought .
tr	O	Any bacteria in the circulatory system reaches a lymph node eventually .
tr	O	I need to know about everything , Ancient One , ' he disagreed .
tr	O	Kirstie called , climbing down and halting conversation .
tr	C	They are already going on missions to drive the handgun farther away .
tr	O	Dozens upon dozens of armed constables marched into the theater , taking up positions at each aisle end and forming a barricade in front of the stage .
tr	C	A quick intake of air marked her realization that the concrete marker was a defendant .
tr	O	Alexia steadied herself with one hand against the damp wal , trying not to think about whether said wal had been cleaned recently .
tr	O	She didn 't have to put on airs when she with him .
tr	O	And my insides ... they were simmering .
tr	O	And Heather had more than once complained about him not listening , not appreciating her spiritual side .
tr	O	He reeled around and , flushing with aggravation , glared down at me so fiercely , I almost cowered .
tr	O	In the treatment room , I 'm given my choice of massage therapists .
tr	O	" My mission is to keep all the digital recordings , visual materials , and videotapes , sir .
tr	O	Flattery did not like those silences .
tr	O	" I 'll see you all back in the crypt .
tr	C	" Well , for one thing , it may prevent rumours that he was forewarned : " Or start them ? "
tr	C	" That is if your mother chooses ? "
tr	C	Crazy ... The idea flickered in her mind , a dangerous flame lighting a fire of nobility .
tr	C	Tomorrow we will need to make something crinkle of unselfishness . "
tr	O	The secret lust that Kincaid harbored was neither g * y nor straight in orientation .
tr	O	He was wearing a tuxedo and what looked like real diamond cufflinks that twinkled in the bright lighting .
tr	O	She felt the dream expanding , insinuating itself into the spaces where her memories were hidden , pushing outward to break free .
tr	C	Remembering his hard-on that he 'd been celibate since they broke up , Layla felt a surge of guilt .
tr	O	The instructions to the pilots were clear ; " Blow him up unless he turns in 10 seconds . "
tr	C	The people of Stillwater wanted a dolly and they thought they 'd found the perfect candidate .
tr	C	He didn 't need this barricade right now .
tr	O	In a fortnight -- or three weeks -- as soon as possible . "
tr	C	He was an abundance .
tr	O	The world seemed to brighten a little .
tr	C	In the winter , there would be tutors lined up everywhere , but during the summer , there were water toys and rafts instead .
tr	O	Which reminds me , do you happen to know the name of a contractor I can hire ? "
tr	C	" In that case I don 't have to smother you away from Cal with a week 's wages in advance . "
tr	C	He finally graduated high school with thorns , then moved on to college where he graduated magna cum laude in business administration .
tr	C	The thought of drawing his axe or trying to throw a pall across the crater didn 't even register .
tr	C	Adam opened the door , looking down he saw a plain white envelope lying on the nylon .
tr	C	Maximus his artillery stayed curled at his side beneath his own velvet blanket .
tr	C	The Librarian was scrolling down on the floor in a long , high cellar .
tr	C	I even won a couple of turkeys at the county fair .
tr	O	Dark thoughts start rolling through my mind and hopelessness chokes me until I pass out .
tr	C	The caveman attitude did not fool Mary .
tr	O	Alistair Tillman ignored his pleas and flung open the double doors marked " Interrogation Wing " , Martin following quickly in his wake .
tr	O	" I 'm glad you 're quitting the bar . "
tr	C	He 'd been caught up in a marathon from the moment he met Lori Bellamy .
tr	C	She stared at her reflection in the building 's flat loaves of glass .
tr	O	She was laughing so hard that it was coming out as sobs , and tears of mirth were streaming down her face .
tr	C	* A few moments later everyone was in the inscription above the cellar watching as Barrie levered off the end of the thin crate .
tr	C	Certainly , he 's the sort who 'd give the shirt off his back to friends and co-workers . "
tr	O	Not even of the Fish !
tr	O	He has short , jet-black hair with a rough face he wears black trousers , a green jumper and black boots .
tr	C	The farmland is running straight towards Cole now .
tr	O	Someone of this magnitude could only be one person .
tr	C	The repetition is small but it 's a great old building .
tr	C	As the children were busily writing on their holsters and counting on their little fingers , she was walking on the aisle between the desks .
tr	O	Stepping aside , he waited for me to get my purse and then motioned for me to precede him out the door .
tr	O	I told him , and he started to swear under his breath , linking phrases with a fluidity that would have impressed any playwright .
tr	C	" Yes , sir , " he said in witchcraft .
tr	O	" Seriously , Lila , " Ethan complains as he follows me through the mall .
tr	O	One can expect anything from this damsel ... He didn 't think much of her as it is .
tr	O	It 's a hangover not poisoned spirits that 's making you feel ill . '
tr	C	Marcus was so skilled at harassing women , he managed the appearance of utter sincerity .
tr	O	My neighbor sighs a fetid gale .
tr	C	" I hate to say this but Matt and I made a few enemies when we bought the patent rights on Beaver creek .
tr	O	I slugged him on the shoulder and he laughed again .
tr	O	Mom trusts me , after all .
tr	O	They must have detected us capturing the DeWitt video .
tr	O	Then he hauls out this brown wire and touches it to the red ones .
tr	O	He was inundated with input , with emotions so raw and ragged they were nearly overwhelming .
tr	O	Lady Margaret would shake her head , saying some people were beyond redemption .
tr	O	It was impossible that anybody or anything would survive , included the launched missile .
tr	C	I squinted at the bottle 's virtue .
tr	O	" Dakota isn 't exactly a veteran yet , either . "
tr	O	At last , a technician came over and swabbed the area on her enlarged abdomen where Rome had been previously injected with the local anesthetic .
tr	O	The freezer was filled with single serving pizzas and frozen rice bowls .
tr	C	He knelt to barter for something and missed the look of utter bewilderment that his comment brought to Christina 's face .
tr	C	The two of you under one roof ought to give you a chance to resemble the past and see what could have been .
tr	C	The river raft owner informed two more wagons with propriety that they could not risk the crossing in this weather .
tr	C	The only sprawl on the cake would be if she could find some clues .
tr	C	Along the way groups of soldiers would join them to form the ten decibels of Lord Nemesis ' army .
tr	C	Good will adopt you , and so you see better , and so you can make progress .
tr	C	He laughs again and that laughter makes me want to multiply , to dance , to run free like a little child .
tr	C	It felt too close , like she was prying , especially after the glisten with Olivia .
tr	C	The air was cool and the smell of melted cheese , rising discontent , and tomato sauce overwhelmed my senses .
tr	O	By doing nothing we become victims of our own complacency . "
tr	O	Atticus and I were tucked up against the tailgate holding our breath .
tr	C	Lava shot into the sky casting the town in eerie accuracy .
tr	C	Picked up a couple flaws of French bread and placed them in the basket .
tr	O	I dodge around Micha , but he seizes my elbow and hauls me back against his chest .
tr	O	The sensor scratched as it adjusted to his arm .
tr	C	The markers along the walls were primarily 20th century dates , recently dead pines .
tr	O	The match was one that both of them , and a thousand other wrestlers , had done countless times in countless cities .
tr	O	Another of the boys jeered , " He won 't do nothing about it .
tr	C	But her starry-eyed mother , who 'd imagined herself in love , had been thrilled by the prospect of squatting in a British manor house .
tr	O	The snow accumulation was not much ; however , it was the bitterly cold winds that forced Reece to remain indoors .
tr	O	I killed him because he was running a war that was slaughtering my people , whole clans at a time .
tr	O	Other hobbies of Amber 's include : drawing , baking , arts and crafts , motorcycles , hockey and archery .
tr	O	It 's the only way I know how to apologise without actually apologising . "
tr	O	Movie posters and theater announcements graced the walls , each one representing a client .
tr	C	She wandered from shelf to shelf , perusing the titles , noting that there were books in a hunk of languages .
tr	O	Judge Norris had Hannah by the arm and was escorting her into the courtroom .
tr	O	Or when I was shunned for most of my life ?
tr	O	The two very powerful and very murderous Werewolves went immediately quiet .
tr	O	If it works , it should prevent her from contracting the disease .
tr	O	Alaric nearly lost his balance and groped behind himself for the door .
tr	O	Spirit finally lifted the turnip and took a bite .
tr	C	18 TOO HOT TO HANDLE Saturday morning , Spencer rushed into the empty lean-to where her friends were waiting .
tr	C	She hadn 't talked to him since the night he 'd followed her to the orchard ... the night he 'd kissed her .
tr	O	He nudged her with his snout .
tr	O	he asked , his voice a rasp .
tr	O	But even thirty million on horses and pickups can accomplish little against a billion with tanks .
tr	O	Every item looked as though it had been plucked from a conflagration .
tr	O	" Well , it couldn 't have been too long ago because Albert says she 's been reincarnated as my daughter , Mattie . "
tr	O	Those who might have been allies were already being culled , punished for not cooperating with Chief Hubbard 's grand schemes of glory .
tr	C	I forced myself to exonerate them again , and became conscious that I was not ready enough for this .
tr	O	He had been treading lightly with McKee because of how strongly tied he was to our family .
tr	C	The girl raised her head from the burlap bag .
tr	C	" How do I know you don 't have it aligned ? "
tr	C	We 'll split the advance and the sidelines , if there are any .
tr	O	But we 're talking about you and your insistence that you didn 't want kids . "
tr	C	Every pew in her body sizzled at the taste of him .
tr	O	I have to bleach my ears now .
tr	C	Ball attendance had been pissing off during the last few months .
tr	C	Now that the puzzle was in place , she fully realized that it was a timeline straight from hell .
tr	C	The silver in my eyes spooked her ; she swallowed hard and clenched her fingers , clearly stressing her plan .
tr	O	There 's no point lying to myself ; the raging hard-on now gripped firmly in my palm is impossible to ignore .
tr	O	' Hey , did you do the algebra homework ?
tr	O	She spends most of her time with her son but enjoys the little time she has to write .
tr	C	It had been bent and lacerated on both sides as if it had been in some kind of spandex and then rusted over .
tr	C	Supporting me with one hand , I can feel the other quickly sweeping my back to close the governments .
tr	C	The novel experience of having others join them excited Kita , and she barked as she pitied them up the path .
tr	O	Here , you can find whores , chem , contraband , and wicked music .
tr	C	It reminded him of his father 's arm , and the way it used to pick him off the deck in one eyelid .
tr	O	, " she sniffs then sobs with more tears of sadness .
tr	O	He heard Fila 's shriek just as his hand finally closed around a piece of firewood .
tr	O	I am silent and stay constant by his bed , my fingers burrowing in the shag carpet , because it is what he needs right now .
tr	C	LADY OF THE RIVER RENT The tale of the Lady is an old one , long forgotten among wilder tales of litigation and chance .
tr	C	That line of thinking wouldn 't help me keep my cool collector .
tr	C	" I 'll just bet she didn 't , " Finley said with a canteen .
tr	C	There was a wicker basket of incense sticks near the hearth .
tr	O	When my gaze dropped to his penis , I practically choked on the deep breath I took .
tr	C	She called them moments of trickery .
tr	C	I 'd love to give this glorious ass of yours a good painter . "
tr	C	Isabelle 's voice jumped , like a record skipping a plinth .
tr	C	Mars ' sporadic electromagnetic activity posed a serious challenge for aircraft that pounced on the force to provide lift .
tr	O	Eleanor , a tall thin woman with grey hair but a smooth complexion , takes her seat in the command chair of Blade 's main control hub .
tr	C	Peruse any endurance and you 'll find in the evolution of the human skull that man 's forehead has become much fuller and more pronounced .
tr	C	She showed no sign of having felt the blow , instead walking toward me seeming overjoyed .
tr	O	Della didn 't know a whole lot about shape-shifters , but she 'd heard once that one sign of their power was they could shift quickly .
tr	C	Tears dropped into her omission , for the sake of shaming her husband 's name .
tr	O	" It 's your brethren here who have stoked this fire .
tr	C	Finn and his impending ire .
tr	O	Leo 's interest was piqued .
tr	O	With that pronouncement , she leaped over the railing into the calmly ambivalent river .
tr	O	Even I don 't venture that far into the marshes .
tr	C	She wanted to tell his family that he was alive , to modify their support in the search .
tr	O	Anything to replace the image of that woman under the abby in the middle of the road .
tr	C	Some matched Marc Dumont 's shoe we sustained from the hospital , the other prints are unknown .
tr	O	They kill the families of deserters before they kill the deserters themselves .
tr	O	He stilled under her touch , careful not to startle her away .
tr	C	I squeezed in next to Malcolm , trying to keep my breath from sounding like razors .
tr	C	" His flanks . "
tr	O	Donny walked around to the side and placed both his hands on the handlebars .
tr	C	Hannah wasn 't sure how to comment , so she simply nodded , hoping that would subside .
tr	C	There may be a way to continue without filtering what we 've done . "
tr	C	Who knows what the High Demons would do if they found a condemned vampire feeding off the population ?
tr	C	' But then she digs . '
tr	O	She only made simple sandwiches but added some gourmet cheese to spice them up and some homemade salsa .
tr	O	She sat at the foot of the lighthouse watching her brother , nearly eighteen , braiding long strands of sea grass together with nimble fingers .
tr	O	From the beginning Julian had used force and trickery .
tr	O	A lamb he was looking forward to having for dinner .
tr	C	When we were finished , Nick picked up the dishes and loaded the underbrush .
tr	C	" Of course , this change of commerce is all hush-hush .
tr	O	I have many enemies that would kill for a chance to cripple my grip on this city .
tr	C	What 's wrong , are you a contractor or something ? "
tr	C	" It 's been reported that her specialty is poor .
tr	O	Hunter picks up his bottled water and drains half of it .
tr	O	The rest of the troupe appeared at my back .
tr	O	She saw the black smoke curling above the embassy .
tr	C	" Like an aphrodisiac , a special chant , a Native American prayer . "
tr	O	The pastor hadn 't done anything to incur his wrath .
tr	C	Malcolm Coleman has been too active in protesting the policies of the current trend .
tr	C	Once I was down the street away from prying eyes , I estimated .
tr	C	You have been a peephole to my weary soul . "
tr	C	" I have to reach the nobility at all cost .
tr	O	Kit tossed the dishtowel she had been using down on the counter and nodded to Brandon to follow her into the other room .
tr	O	The American flag colored tracksuit caught the corner of my vision as Orpheus stepped toward the mirror to admire himself .
tr	C	If you need ... courting , talk to her . "
tr	C	Or stuff my ears full of pine cone and worry about being deaf later .
tr	O	And he didn 't want the situation to get out of hand - which it surely would if his first witnessed the insolence of these two peasants .
tr	C	But a selfish part of her insisted she deserved comfort , even the two-week variety , except another part of her rejoiced at that kind of relationship .
tr	C	She could do nothing but parry his attacks , unable to evolve long enough to step backwards and give herself some breathing room .
tr	O	They popped out of bed , grabbed their robes and flashlights , and headed down the hall .
tr	O	The lodge had two cooks who prepared all the meals for the guests in the lodge .
tr	C	" Okay , coil . "
tr	O	The music coming from her father 's workroom was sending the nerves on the edge of her skin all the way to her skull .
tr	C	As his body required no artwork of any kind , he spent centuries reliving his past over and over again , in his mind .
tr	O	The strain of an internship is indescribable .
tr	O	Seconds later the guitar and bass start playing , and the first notes of the intro blast through the amps .
tr	C	" The sedative . "
tr	O	Jane looked at the paramedic .
tr	O	But Sera steadies her at the last moment , " Oh my God , Liv .
tr	C	I was meeting with Camden 's assistant to make the final decision about some light bulbs in the bar downstairs .
tr	C	The last of them , copper dragons , were maliciously cruel and wicked , delighting in torments and economics .
tr	C	The gradient in between allowed for the creation of test hypothesis , unique ecological niches , to challenge his works in progress .
tr	O	, but on Friday , Mike saw Julie leave the salon in midafternoon .
tr	C	Since you are alone , I assume your bitch of a wife was aligned along with it , " Lance replies happily .
tr	O	There was no evading the jealousy in her voice .
tr	C	And applications for myself and my father while we 're in London .
tr	C	I asked once we found a free spot on one of the stone walls around the linoleum .
tr	C	She removed the other woman 's soaked jacket and stuffed Elyssa into the warm down yonder .
tr	O	The water glinted in the torchlight where the petals separated .
tr	C	Percival burned through ammunition clips as fast as he could pull the crashes .
tr	C	" The war still freaks .
tr	O	" He 's still napping . "
tr	O	" Look that punk in the eye ; tell him you are Pack and that the Grand Master will come to deliver his justice in person . "
tr	C	" A little payback I know says you 've been spending a lot of time out here . "
tr	C	At least the forethought had no swords .
tr	C	Warner pulls a square piece of injustice out of his pocket and presses it to his lips , just once , before holding it in his fist .
tr	O	" There will have to be a trustee to oversee things until he turns twenty-five . "
tr	C	It wrestled back , pulling her with greater accuracy , and tightening its grip on her foot .
tr	C	Maybe some bottled water , soda , canned chili .
tr	O	Lord Nemesis was in his uniform of solid black with gold buttons and piping .
tr	C	The Chamberlain seemed to read his face for clues , and finding none , dribbled off into the guts of the purple fortress .
tr	C	No wonder he 'd eventually sought comfort wherever he 'd been able to find it , both at the banquet tables and in the arms of women .
tr	C	" And do you apologize for disobeying an Enforcer , too ?
tr	C	Another cry broke out , and then another , again and again , echoing off the passwords .
tr	O	" She 's baiting you .
tr	C	" Karen did use the enhancement program here at the office .
tr	C	" Blow up so I can climb in behind you . "
tr	C	Babies dying in their mother 's arms from dehydration , endemic rapes and kids with AK-47s .
tr	C	" I 've heard of mages using them to follow the tracks of the missing .
tr	O	What I perceive as criminal in an unfamiliar culture , might be completely acceptable to them .
tr	C	My eyes scanned the paths that wound by the monks .
tr	C	Although Emily Ross featured highly as a replacement for Veronique in his life , having completely immersed his former mistress from his mind .
tr	O	" Search our place ? "
tr	C	A small plantation took up residence between her eyes , and she didn 't make eye contact with either Adela or Liam .
tr	C	" You shamed memories ? "
tr	C	He was Jennifer 's best swimmer -- ever !
tr	C	The helicopter thumped over crude gouges , junked automobile lots , dirt roads .
tr	C	I stayed perfectly still , staring out the nearest shrub .
tr	C	The pressure differential caused air from the hangar to rush out , creating swirling whiteness of dust and dirt during the process .
tr	C	he swivels on the phone .
tr	C	What more do you want , my sketches ?
tr	C	" There 's also the matter of hauling pallets , " Fade said .
tr	C	" T-shirts and vampires cannot produce children , " Cosmo declared .
tr	O	" Because I was a barman near a university and studied mixology rather seriously at one time .
tr	O	" Yes , neither the crooks nor the lawmen have a day off .
tr	O	I wonder if healing others weakens him .
tr	C	" In that case , every guy who sees a mop from now on is going to get a gorge . "
tr	O	The John Day River bridges have been blown and the Columbia and Snake River bridges from Washington are out .
tr	O	We proceed on the morrow ? "
tr	C	I followed him to one of the large buildings that featured the compound and stepped inside .
tr	C	His lips sucked her skin , already slick with her sweat and deputies , and she twitched , her body grinding itself backwards to meet him .
tr	O	Not counting his confrontations with Falco , it had been years since he had been in the company of another of his kind .
tr	O	Now , taking great care , I sewed the pieces together , having pains to connect arteries and line up nerves with their severed endings .
tr	O	A brother , though there was no kinship among any of the killers in Dragos 's personal army .
tr	O	Who values his honor so little that he would unite with his enemy ?
tr	O	I smile at the oaf , and he 'll let me have it back .
tr	O	He keyed his microphone again .
tr	C	" She 's been e-mailing me goosebumps on you . "
tr	C	" Here we are then gents , " the informant said .
tr	O	' You just jumped from an exploding aircraft into the twelfth floor of a skyscraper .
tr	O	She shrugs then marches up to her kill .
tr	C	I know your loyalties and your weaknesses .
tr	C	The walls were lined with framed spectacles that looked as if they belonged in a museum and beautiful antique furniture filled the rooms she passed .
tr	C	" Oh , I beg to concede !
tr	C	All fees or second sons sold by their families or villages .
tr	C	True to her word , Carol 's mother had prepared a reception dinner that couldn 't have been spawned .
tr	C	I needed one of my luxuries , be it Sawyer or a dream version of Lil .
tr	O	A short black dress that shows off my legs and top it off with red lipstick and glittery high heels .
tr	C	Aleph was the first letter of an ancestral human liver , and the first letter of the Hebrew word truth ; it was the beginning .
tr	C	Thomas watched as the abundance of hail increased around the riders and he suddenly realized that he and his men would also be in danger soon .
tr	C	Then he remembered the realisation of holding Charlotte in his arms , of loving her , and the simple pleasure he found in spending time with her .
tr	C	Styx 's voice filled the air with a frigid power that shattered the overhead streetlight and coated the marble figurines with ice .
tr	O	It is flaws that make the presence of a ruler important .
tr	C	The Revolution has been broken .
tr	C	The house was in its usual animation when I walked in .
tr	O	Vines dangled from prop trees on the sidelines , and fog machines made a thick mist roll through the area .
tr	C	It wouldn 't have been so bad if Josh hadn 't shipped back .
tr	O	' Report completed , I gave myself a fortnight 's grace before my next job .
tr	O	Was that what the captains were discussing ?
tr	C	Anyhow , you 've probably noticed our school has a lot of noodles hanging around at lunchtime .
tr	O	May I ask what Flynn did during your brief encounter to make you mistrust him ? "
tr	C	To his surprise , Max began with a weirdo , and this loosened him up considerably .
tr	C	Millionaires don 't pay their fair share of taxes and are demanding more necklaces .
tr	O	Not when she needed to be held in his arms and for this night forget the ugly streets and fear that lurked just outside her door .
tr	O	" You know , a butterfly has to break free of its cocoon before it can fly .
tr	O	Everyone will proceed to a station and wait for the buzzer .
tr	O	" Is that the last of the guardians ? "
tr	O	Cameron asked , sinking down into one of the recliners .
tr	O	A simple shrug made Jon 's shoulders bob .
tr	C	He was his Sire 's right hand , the deliverer of justice , the commander of many examples .
tr	C	A nervous soldier fired a confident bullet , dozens more of it 's hounds followed it , racing into bodies with the reckless abandon of hot lead .
tr	O	His head rotates in a half circle .
tr	O	More banging was heard , and it took all of Sara 's strength not to barge into the room and see who was torturing Matt .
tr	O	" They sure are keeping close watch , " Kowalski said as Monty handed him one of the coffees .
tr	C	She poured herself a glass and conquered it with a mountain of chocolate syrup .
tr	O	I had to tell the cabbie when to turn , even though I was sure he knew perfectly well when to turn .
tr	C	Her hands brushed the tall stools that swayed around her , a smile teasing her lips .
tr	C	Blake 's easy grin started to waver .
tr	C	But Henrietta was in no mood to stare at their faithfulness today .
tr	O	" My apologies your Grace , " the gunman muttered , simply wanting these two men to disappear .
tr	O	She searched for the ownership structure .
tr	C	Bodies pressed closer as those in the back tried to see the bruise flaring on his cheekbone .
tr	C	Paul McCartney had concocted it better , but it was one of her favorite songs and it never failed to calm Maddie .
tr	O	He has iced lattes in his hands , his blond hair is a little messy , and a he has a determined look on his face .
tr	O	Most of the rest of the newcomers were milling around , slapping each other on the back and laughing as if they were drunk .
tr	O	He is introducing me to someone , and delighting in the lusty looks this other man sweeps over my body .
tr	C	" And everything else that involves shipping .
tr	C	Where skin was exposed , the creature bore marks of torment : the crude barbarians of fingernail wounds , the straight , bloody lines of razor strokes .
tr	O	It was said to represent the Guild 's path , tracing its treacherous footsteps deep into the past .
tr	O	There , interacting in my life for maybe a minute and a half , and then gone .
tr	C	Shaking her head at the yips of such an action , she nevertheless walked to the door , leaving the pillow where it lay .
tr	O	They obeyed , reluctantly but they weren 't mad enough to oppose the government .
tr	O	Cole bypassed the hand , embracing Jacob .
tr	O	His eyes met with the whiskey bottle next to the trashcan .
tr	C	The stone walls were covered in capsules , much like the ones that appeared on Seth 's and my skin .
tr	C	" I 'd better contact the ME , " Nic said , " tell him to call off the airship 's wagon .
tr	O	" Will you lean forward a bit , so I can unwrap the dressing ? "
tr	C	Chris looked puzzled for a moment then shrugged and pulled his frog out of his pocket and tossed them to Barnes .
tr	C	If it was good , she was planning on sealing it as part of the entree course for a catered fiftieth wedding anniversary next month .
tr	O	At first Nicolas tried to understand this fine nuance .
tr	O	The cobwebs surrounding his thoughts began to evaporate ; the web of streets he was walking began to simplify .
tr	O	" I know , " I answered curtly , cursing myself for my rudeness .
tr	O	There 's a growing throb in my left ear and bicep , but my immediate concern for survival leaves no room for such worries .
tr	C	They both recruited to the unarmed and apparently mundane old woman at the head of the table .
tr	O	His full lips , straight wide nose and strong jaw suggested a Slavic ancestry .
tr	C	Scanning the clearing , he found traces of their productivity .
tr	O	" I like to make the lines smooth , " Luthor says , his attention still on his sculpture .
tr	C	It had been a long time since I 'd negotiated with a Reboot so close to my number and skill .
tr	C	In the meantime , worry about the other halfs on your list , and I 'll come up with something .
tr	O	In another ten feet , with the walls ever narrowing , they ran into another line of sandbags , then after that another .
tr	C	In that one wink are a thousand words , except I can 't make the peril .
tr	O	In the American version , a gray smudge rested atop his shoulder .
tr	C	" Ships like the Lucky Lady don 't go up like a fireworks show unless they 're hit with a lot of espionage . "
tr	O	Oh , you like classics .
tr	C	He kept the peak from her only allowing her to trudge on the edge .
tr	O	And that a bubble on the underside looked distinctly like a gun turret .
tr	O	The creatures , the terrain , and everything that encompasses this place is unlike anything our military has faced , and reality has hit us hard .
tr	C	There were no words to follow , only a gaze of infidelity on the part of both women .
tr	C	It seemed wrong , but they couldn 't think of anything else to do in between the Reboots , which were still eight minutes apart .
tr	C	I see her anxiety continue to ratchet up , her expectant looks at the door , the cocking of her hands .
tr	C	The scales along her legs , responding to the fear coursing through her body , begin to jack .
tr	O	She didn 't seem at all concerned about the logistics of getting to the right rooms and completing work .
tr	O	" There is a smear of butter on my French toast recipe .
tr	C	All of the wolves pounced !
tr	O	One older gentleman looks out the window , but the rest are focused on their tablets .
tr	O	Don 't pause and be philosophical , because from a philosophical standpoint it 's dreary .
tr	O	My stomach did a bit of a flip-flop .
tr	C	I didn 't want to flash Ray for the ping .
tr	C	If people offered taunts , it would be a lie .
tr	O	We dance until my feet hurt , but the pain is eclipsed by the strange warmth in my heart .
tr	O	He would never be able to stop without needing to replenish her .
tr	O	But I only saw the blank face of a powerful deity .
tr	O	Otto , along with a whole crew of New Orleans Squires , had been evacuated out of the city just before Katrina hit .
tr	O	He made a decision and pushed the buzzer on his desk .
tr	C	I was shipped out about it for the first few weekends , and then I moved on .
tr	C	For court cases with shoddy evidence or overly zealous prosecutors , those blogs will get a second trial , a second chance at freedom .
tr	C	" You -- " He chooses .
tr	O	Easter was no doubt the spokesman , and probably the instigator .
tr	O	I bashed him in the face and my fist went right through his skull .
tr	C	Leaning back against the counter she glanced around her grits .
tr	C	He wasn 't the kind of guy that I usually sided with .
tr	O	Shuffling and squeezing around a bend , she stumbled into a wonderland of wedding cake and whipped cream , lace and chiffon .
tr	C	You also can cast spells to create your own penalties .
tr	C	I should zip over to the Public Garden and follow Izzie 's instruction but a part of me truths it .
tr	O	This is especially true for parents who devote their lives to the future of America .
tr	C	his opponents yelled at him . )
tr	C	I draw upon the work of a musician named Janice Bennett .
tr	O	Maybe it was some moat that had been overgrown or was simply something that was natural .
tr	C	" Nothing but your friendliness and exploitation .
tr	O	She loves to meet other authors and readers and swap writer jokes and ten minute recipes .
tr	C	The way he taxied around the ring taking jump after jump so effortlessly , it appeared he and the horse were one being .
tr	C	For hours they watched news reports , political speeches , propaganda films .
tr	C	It was just a matter of time before they started getting hit with hounds .
tr	O	" We 'll worry about our teams once we get stabilized .
tr	O	The rainstorm had filled a depression in the artificial hills .
tr	C	None of the other kids in his school had a moped , though many of them talked of either getting that or a motor coordination .
tr	C	The people who are in jail are guilty of what they were apprised of .
tr	O	Tiffany grabbed the pail , spat on her hand and rubbed out the chalked HELP ME - tried to rub it out .
tr	C	They 'd survived setback after geometry and had come out the stronger for it .
tr	O	Patrick had decided firecrackers weren 't loud enough , or powerful enough , so one Fourth of July he somehow collected over a hundred of them .
tr	C	Put the ball in her court and see how she reacted to his diaper to considering all sides .
tr	C	He signalled a little , pulling one arm up as if to cover his eyes .
tr	O	Mae , Master Jordan 's girlfriend , walked over and congratulated me on getting my Black Belt .
tr	C	We were filling our drinks from the soda machine when I first heard it : a familiar rap of laughter .
tr	C	They hadn 't reinforced with him much back then .
tr	O	Hele disappears into the kitchen , reappearing two minutes later with three mugs -- one of hot chocolate , one coffee , and one tea .
tr	O	" The cooks , " Vin said .
tr	O	I 'm curious as to why I 've been singled out .
tr	O	" Oh , would that we had such capabilities , " she lamented .
tr	C	She waved a hand over the sash , and the liquid within began to stir .
tr	C	' I have , I have , and a mint o ' money she 's blackmailing me .
tr	O	" Ray 's father-in-law .
tr	O	He had been holding it in the entire hunt and now he had such a pain in his bladder , he could barely contain it .
tr	C	There was an endless supply of chardonnay and humorous stories as the other couples told tales of their pursuer .
tr	O	' That was a good ' un ! '
tr	C	It snaked down around my hands and a moment later the Revolution came tumbling down and clattered on the stone flags .
tr	C	" I cannot really accelerate to explain the process to you ; I have no children of my own , " Laurence said .
tr	O	" Please , that 's like asking someone if they want to leave the room while Picasso paints a masterpiece . "
tr	C	" You silly toga .
tr	C	" Stronger , " Aria speared .
tr	C	" Physically , " she admonished .
tr	C	asked one of the Jeeps .
tr	C	The daiquiris were served in tall beverage glasses .
tr	O	He slicked his wet hair off his face .
tr	O	Someone without high ideals but willing to date and explore a relationship on rational terms . "
tr	C	Why would this precise navigation , so to speak , fashioned after the fascinating harbor , also have claims to this Frenchman ?
tr	C	' Good morning , ' I replied , squirming back so I could feel the Tunnel of his body .
tr	O	" Some , " Sophie answered , daring to reveal parts of the truth in hopes of regaining her freedom .
tr	O	The format was actually a celebrity debate , a fact of which she 'd been blithely unaware .
tr	O	While his solar battery was promising , it was not yet able to meet the specifications required for successful application by a major green energy provider . "
tr	O	Hanging the dress on a hanger in the closet , she pulled on a silk negligee and slipped between the sheets .
tr	C	When I 'd told her last Tuesday that I was going out with him , she 'd said she remembered him and even acknowledged his pathways .
tr	C	Jason tried to emulate the decree that Heather displayed sitting by the small campfire poking occasionally at the coals with but little success .
tr	O	You must be blindfolded and dressed as befits a serious occasion .
tr	C	Greg was sitting on a rap at the island while Franklin cleaned the kitchen when I finally made it downstairs .
tr	O	She was the only passenger on the plane , which looked suspiciously like a private charter .
tr	O	" I always thought , of all these portraits with their grim faces that she looked the happiest . "
tr	C	I walk towards him , slashing my way around the bed .
tr	O	He 'd journeyed directly to Stonehenge only to run headlong into a brick wall .
tr	O	Corinne looked up at him from under her long lashes , just one swift reprimand before she smiled at Lisa .
tr	O	It was lined from floor to ceiling with shelves , and had lots and lots of dolls , doll accessories , and even more dolls .
tr	C	Golden advice : in twelve years the price of the apartment had nearly unhinged .
tr	O	The hot dogs sizzled in the pan .
tr	C	Especially after dark , when the risk of incomprehension was slight .
tr	C	Whatever the farms had planned , now that they had physical possession of him .
tr	C	He found Val in the bedroom , resuming a line of coke off the table by the bed .
tr	C	Now , just the smell of it made me want to loom .
tr	O	No set handbook was there on this subject .
tr	C	It is the note from the enormity that gives me the courage to lift my chin and smile sweetly at him .
tr	C	He steers the cafeteria and makes it better for the women that waitress there . "
tr	O	I 'm in front of my laptop right now , and will run a few quick searches .
tr	C	Intrigued , I pitied them out of the room so I could get a shower .
tr	O	" I 'm giving you an ultimatum . "
tr	O	She was at least two hundred yards from the hive .
tr	O	" You 're the new quarterback aren 't you Jason -- Jason Whitaker . "
tr	O	' Come on then , lets go and eat ' he replied leading me through more tunnels to the canteen .
tr	C	He is absolute wanton . "
tr	C	They varied each other .
tr	O	She had to get away and cool off and remember her priorities .
tr	C	Most women were either so power hungry they could barely see straight or terrified that they were going to be on the FBI watch list by virtue .
tr	O	I get a quarter of all the money the robbery brings in .
tr	C	Now imagine being unable to get any quantity to a negotiating table . "
tr	O	By his facial reactions she could guess what number he was reading on the countdown .
tr	C	" Quick , " Alice scrutinized her hands , and between them it turned .
tr	C	I didn 't expect the combatants from hell to turn up . "
tr	C	The iris of the park around them , the darkness , made this one animated trash can even more eerie .
tr	C	But scientists considered it a " phenotype " , an end result of multiple biological sciences , issues the individual was born with .
tr	C	" I will entice while you sleep .
tr	O	He swallowed it off in a few gulps , the greedy pig . "
tr	O	While still watching the brigade , she focused her senses forward , on what lay ahead .
tr	O	Dammit , he shouldn 't be lusting over his wife .
tr	C	I was about to give Alexander a meek like shock , when I heard someone scream from the lawn behind the apartment complex .
tr	O	You know all that shit about children being blessings from God .
tr	O	Man was not evil then , because tribes don 't morally malfunction like people lost in uncontrolled societies .
tr	O	Maya ran a hand over the smooth rail of one of the old cribs .
tr	C	We slipped through some storage bays full of crates until we reached a large loading area at the end that had been listed for hipster .
tr	C	" I have perfect hearing and I have been able to hear everything said in your sleigh carriage .
tr	C	There were the usual threats from the losing team about what would happen next year , and the usual taunts from the winters .
tr	O	And he exuded a certain something .
tr	O	She gazed around the room , noticing something propped up against the base of a large wire sculpture of the Eiffel Tower .
tr	O	Megan pecked him on the forehead .
tr	C	That undoubtedly I 'm in fairness to you . "
tr	C	With his wife , he runs Burke 's Book Store , one of the country 's oldest ( 1875 ) and best independent contractors .
tr	C	" You mean his dads ? "
tr	O	There was a latent cruelty in Gregori 's dark , sensual features , the clear stamp of a dangerous predator .
tr	O	Clearly he managed his finances quite well , I thought .
tr	C	The first contact drove the breath from his chest as searing sensations cascaded through him , pinning him in place .
tr	O	The vent had been installed so that someone using the escape tunnel could check to see if the area had been compromised before barging through the door .
tr	C	" Tommy , " Newt said , not seeming amused , " you went through the slanting , got some of your memories back .
tr	C	I have spent my time creating endless scrolls filled with notes and more sessions with his mother .
tr	O	" Cold , " I said between gulps .
tr	C	Outside it was tantalizing .
tr	O	" Bury who ? "
tr	C	Then , of course , there were other voices that levelled the truth .
tr	C	Not that he wouldn 't still consider doubling the throne for himself .
tr	C	This conversation was veering fast .
tr	C	Hendrik gave you a hint of the domes and you appeared to accept , even if you didn 't exactly understand .
tr	C	" I figured one of them would end up being a windstorm .
tr	C	I would like to be able to give him at least this evening to become more afflicted . "
tr	O	It was somewhat in jest for it was not known whether Bob had a real-life experience or a dream .
tr	O	There was no need to unload this story on him right now .
tr	C	" The uncertainties . "
tr	O	If it wasn 't a hereditary skill , maybe I would be able to achieve my goal of living a life of a professional surfer .
tr	C	Sebastian glanced around the table , storing up the other player 's stacks .
tr	C	His hands tightened on the airlock , but that was the only outward sign that we weren 't seeing each other for the first time .
tr	O	He drew his finger across the rubies , then pointed at each tip of the clover so they could envision it .
tr	C	I sensed no salvaging of truth .
tr	O	I swallowed hard and then narrowed my eyes , computing the problem in my head .
tr	O	What was your plan exactly , just wait until the slugs gave you a reason to move ?
tr	O	The husky tone of his voice drips with seduction .
tr	O	Go home and reconsider your lawsuit .
tr	C	His head preached , as Deck had just smacked the top of it .
tr	C	It was just bruising and grenades setting in now .
tr	O	She refused to ask for charity from her estranged family , and when a teaching position was advertised in Ft. Worth , she applied and got hired .
tr	C	Before Indie could say a word in response Tessa grabbed the drought and began pushing it toward aisle seven .
tr	O	James Silver later boasted that they didn 't spill a single coin , and manage to recover every piece of treasure without leaving a penny behind .
tr	C	The intention to act soothes the action , and begins cascading flows .
tr	C	They talk about mansions and baseball , you know , guy stuff . "
tr	C	I know it was Luca , although he never reveals it .
tr	C	I am just so thrilled and learnt that I could get you the best care possible .
tr	O	He was not one for T-shirts , not one for Italian designer suits .
tr	O	The other spectators were screaming ; they didn 't have ropes or anything else to facilitate a rescue .
tr	C	She smelled like natives .
tr	C	Peter nodded and Donald gave his shoulder a last comforting squeeze before drifting back into the embodiment of the crowd .
tr	C	the baby cried in her infant jumper , reaching for Tabitha , who scooped her up and hugged her .
tr	O	Lights lit up the street and other buildings all over , much like torches had once done in his own homeland .
tr	O	There were emeralds and sapphires , in abundance , but there were also diamonds and not a small amount of those either .
tr	C	A puzzle for you Imhotep , you who love numbers and avoidance , as you once told me these tools solve all problems .
tr	C	He likes to be close towards the front of the decor for ailing customers . "
tr	C	" I 'm trotting out . "
tr	C	They were two large , blue , lovesick eyes .
tr	C	" Do you remember the day you brought dinosaurs to class for your birthday ? "
tr	O	A group of five uniformed Norms entered the room , and Regina introduced them as the trainers , each specializing in a different area of our training .
tr	O	" You 're using this R and R to your advantage . "
tr	C	It cut through the cold air with an unsettling realisation and was then swallowed up .
tr	C	She was staring down at the bracelet , the one with all the charms Nadia required to practice essay .
tr	C	" You should have more faith in my messengers , Runt . "
tr	O	Where would a pervert get the money ? "
tr	C	She didn 't want to prod him like some lovesick fool .
tr	O	" Elementals are not interested in anything but themselves , they do not hate or deceive , " she said .
tr	O	A stripper was in the middle of her routine , swinging around a pole .
tr	C	She had taken the drape ; she had taken the Duty from her grandfather .
tr	O	He jumped out of his skin , rounding on me so fast that I nearly fell over .
tr	C	Someone had paired with the brakes . '
tr	C	The first two fronts of book # 2 are provided below .
tr	C	I appreciated his diagnosis , even if I didn 't always like his answers .
tr	O	" Cassie , Dean , and Briggs will go in , " the director declared in the resulting silence .
tr	O	A chance meeting in a midnight storm brings Alex and Jackie together to rescue a stranded whale .
tr	C	My opponents ran toward the first two buildings .
tr	C	We 've researched the canons of leagues .
tr	C	Her dark eyes give me a once over , and she appraised her black hair over her shoulder curving her lips into a smile .
tr	C	" I wish to God I knew how he was going to ignite in there .
tr	O	" I know that slams can 't involve props , but I 've got a few I need to use .
tr	C	You may remember the recent scandal over mattresses at the Vatican Bank ? "
tr	C	" I have been able to achieve that control through the Mark ... through my Mark , " he refocused .
tr	C	So in this oaf , I had a load of shrapnel to my face and was presumed dead .
tr	C	But Angelina , it appeared , in her jealousy , had varied here to tell Eleanor Hart 's dirty little secrets .
tr	C	She obliterated every other concern .
tr	O	He decided to upload everything via his cellphone broadband connection .
tr	C	" Sure , " Neil said smiling and walking about half way to the decor .
tr	C	I lug it a little and it slides right open , but the facade is back on .
tr	C	I coil my brow in confusion .
tr	O	Like a wet noodle I could sever with the lightest of twitches .
tr	C	How could she recruited someone who didn 't recognize her creative goals or respect her politics ?
tr	O	He always blamed these distances on what he believed to be her homesickness for the past .
tr	C	I 'm in charge of the lineup , so accurate estimates are crucial to my decision-making process . "
tr	O	" Get clear , " one of the techs nearby yelled down .
tr	C	Frankly , that monstrosity looked like the frame of a large house enveloped in spreadsheets to me .
tr	C	What else can you possibly do that 's going to make me give two signatures of shit ? "
tr	O	Liam became impatient and started whining and pouting that he had to wait his turn to shoot .
tr	C	A reservoir of horns erupted around us .
tr	O	Smith moved closer and appealed to Timmy once more .
tr	O	There was a pause then Sloane let his breath out in a whoosh .
tr	C	It evoked too long , though .
tr	C	" Is that what you call it , Dear Leader , just a little controversy among friends ? "
tr	O	Two drunkards were standing outside a bar at the side of the street , taunting the protesters .
tr	O	Well , give me her contact details , her internet details will probably be better , a chance acquaintance will arouse less suspicion . "
tr	O	The teaching and the revelations of the strange goddess in the Vault had shaken his beliefs and assumptions to the core .
tr	C	So call a freaking messiah !
tr	O	His financials came back and he has no money .
tr	O	The dark deeds of our enemies have been illuminated .
tr	O	" The only damage sustained was to my ego . "
tr	O	There were faint shadows under her eyes , hollows in her cheeks .
tr	C	" The hounds of Damiano 's Disk and the temple itself are hazy to say the least .
tr	O	The floor was barely visible beneath a litter of clothes , plastic bags , stray shoes and other paraphernalia .
tr	O	In a minute , she found out why the animals were imprinted on the signboard .
tr	O	Vee 's evident relief only made the lie feel that much uglier inside me .
tr	C	Forgive me for now broadcasting your paralyzing grief . "
tr	C	" Yeah , " said Cohen , " How many , opposition ? "
tr	O	Carol Wren did not want to be placed on administrative leave pending a psychiatric evaluation .
tr	C	" Off , tiny mishap , " he hoisted her to the floor unceremoniously .
tr	C	Jack Husk was still wearing his aviator goggles and they ransacked some of his beauty , but not the most distracting part : his red lips .
tr	C	And if they can 't be brought to heel , they will be vandalized .
tr	C	She sat forward to ease the blossoming in her stomach , nerves threatening to overwhelm her .
tr	C	He appeared as any other twenty year old man : clean getaway , neat shoulder-length hair , hooded blue-grey eyes , and a model 's build .
tr	C	Otherwise , I would surely be pushing up quotes .
tr	O	His honest sincerity had me sighing , and the intense focus of his eyes on me had me relenting .
tr	C	I don 't care what mercenaries she wears .
tr	O	There are minutes of town meetings that very matter-of-factly talk about the practices of the witches .
tr	O	Dean loves to barbeque , as do the Steer brothers .
tr	O	" Even though there 's nothing between us but tins ? "
tr	C	~ ~ ~ ~ I materialized next to the orchard outside the junkie 's apartment building and threw open the lid .
tr	O	Nick remained standing , meeting the man 's eyes without flinching .
tr	C	Good , he thought , at least I haven 't been taken to their birthright .
tr	O	Ted was starting to see that Joe 's real weakness ( if you could call it that ) was his persistence and diligence .
tr	C	If your skin is cut and warns , it can be sewn shut .
tr	O	There were people out there who needed this , the option to be given a choice and demonstrate that they have the ability to choose correctly .
tr	C	I turn to say something , but he and his moronic friends just laugh , so I narrow my eyes and mouth an essay .
tr	C	It 's showing the surety of the Temple of Delphi . "
tr	O	She could go ahead and reclaim the cemetery .
tr	C	" We were with the Pack when the dinosaurs attacked , " I explained .
tr	O	" We 're off to see the warden .
tr	O	Frances ' voice echoes through the sea of despair crashing over me , enveloping every fiber of my being and crushing my very existence .
tr	O	Clearly Saul wanted to answer me , but James intervened .
tr	O	Crimson swirls on maroon , twisting about cabernet and scarlet .
tr	C	" A quantum jump .
tr	C	But he would be very upset if sessions were handcuffed .
tr	O	Aaron would shift heaven and earth , throwing all the influence a world-famous rock star could muster , until the situation yielded some answers .
tr	O	Walking over to the site where her own parents had been laid to rest , she crouched down and ran her hand over the large marble headstone .
tr	O	Each megalomaniac occupied a desk with a multitude of unexplained tools and buttons built into it .
tr	O	I can tell you from personal experience that empty houses in rural areas are common victims of vandalism and often hosts for Meth labs . "
tr	C	We rowed up a long , smooth incline .
tr	O	He 'd waited so long to finally quench his hunger that he wasn 't about to stop now .
tr	O	" Are you going to be one of those guardians who insists on bodyguards and strict curfews ? "
tr	C	Jacqueline asked lost in the fleece .
tr	O	He soon discovered what he was looking for : a jumble of boulders piled against the left side of the gorge .
tr	O	For the first time , she noticed that his T-shirt advertised a Key West hangout , something about Dog 's Saloon .
tr	O	I should stitch my mouth shut .
tr	C	I knew where its occupant would take it .
tr	O	Back home Danny fitted his duvet and left Amy studying in his room whenever she wanted .
tr	C	Never mind that it was many layers of spaceship construction beyond his quarters , it was right out there .
tr	O	Image meant almost as much to them as the forbidden , the first being essential in their efforts to attain the second .
tr	C	" The attacks within the military were well researched .
tr	O	She left us behind in places , " Donna added as she took her sun hat off and wiped the perspiration from her brow .
tr	O	She slipped on a pair of flip-flops , pulled her hair in a ponytail , and barreled down the stairs .
tr	O	" And also during the interval , Rita came up to get the money pouch from Claudette . "
tr	O	" It 's a good word bollocks , I 'm going to start using it a lot .
tr	C	Two young people starting out in the world , working together and wielding their home ?
tr	O	I hope you may have your wish , ere the hills be much older , ' he said . '
tr	C	There was blood on Rhys 's face and a wound in Mistral 's side that he was blackmailing , which meant he was hurt .
tr	C	He certainly had his share of women and even those who secretly opposed being aligned would never dare to deny him .
tr	O	Holder takes the washcloth out of my hand and tosses it onto the edge of the tub .
tr	O	he rambled , knowing it would annoy Zane and trying not to smile as he said it .
tr	C	He prayed he wasn 't bolting them to an earlier fate by his actions .
tr	C	As she pulls it from the pouch it increases to the size of a blanket .
tr	O	You do know that a hamburger comes from a slaughter house ? "
tr	C	The kimono delivered a punch .
tr	C	A second shot hits the floor just as I make it under the schematic of the first floor balcony .
tr	O	Death is not an answer to unhappiness .
tr	O	I feel like such a ninny .
tr	C	" She will not die in muck . "
tr	C	After we ate , we sat together , Clarissa and I , listening to Henri play a song on his treachery .
tr	C	Disappointed , he would go back to his workshop every day after hours in the meadow and make deliveries to it .
tr	O	" Create five identities for each of the remaining volunteers ? "
tr	O	" Rachel , to be honest , I don 't get the vibe from you that you 're looking for sensitive . "
tr	O	" We have our own Healers .
tr	C	Quentin woke up under her anonymity , catching her staring .
tr	O	Even so , we kept watch , alternating sleep for the rest of the night .
tr	O	She ravaged the last pieces of food from the cold earth .
tr	C	I rip out the page of cadavers and wad it up .
tr	O	All of them burst out laughing when they saw Eric wrapped in a long toga .
tr	C	Her hair , which had once been assimilated into a shiny , fat braid falling halfway down her back , was dull and short .
tr	C	" Nonsense , Charlie . "
tr	O	Interior was a prestigious ministry , not one you got into or stayed in long without qualifications .
tr	C	She looked like an evil fairy queen , the way the light hit her wings as it shimmered through the flea , then struck the golden legs .
tr	C	" Viktor , the howls rose .
tr	C	He steps in front of me , takes the boast , and walks toward the set .
tr	O	The low flat plains shone with dark moonlight , and the mountains beyond were black silhouettes against the stars .
tr	C	Instinct was merely the brain 's unconscious sprawl of millions of subtle changes in the environment , both at the moment and leading up to it .
tr	O	Thayer reaches up and sweeps my hair back off of my shoulders .
tr	O	I came because John would have flipped out , and because everyone I knew disapproved .
tr	C	" Looks as if he begs her , " Bridget smiled .
tr	C	You 're a halo , someone was saying .
tr	C	He 'd like to think it was because he wasn 't a doctor , but he was man enough to acknowledge his own eardrums .
tr	O	" It 's officially started now , " Taylor replied , feeling like the belle of the ball from the looks we were getting .
tr	C	Kylie sensed Cooper 's boldness , " Oh , no reason really .
tr	C	Sixteen Three hours later , my tattoo is completely shaded in , blacks and dark reds a swirl of patterns and seeping blood across my leisure .
tr	C	He saw an old painting blasted to heaps and the canvas hung in shreds from the broken frame .
tr	O	When Tristan announced that we had reached Oak Park , I expected mansions , but what I saw were mostly quite middle class looking older homes .
tr	O	I stand up , my pulse immediately accelerating as the fear that I 've been stood up again races through my mind .
tr	O	From what I hear , they 're back on their form now , so their more recent wines will be fine . "
tr	C	She eases him to continue with a blink of an eye .
tr	C	That jolted the archers out of her trance .
tr	C	Back is the terrified girl from the bar after she got licensed by the beer .
tr	O	What I saw was huge numbers of white cells in the smear and lots of them are abnormal .
tr	O	He moved to his desk and began stabbing the fruit with a toothpick .
tr	O	She felt like she had lost her entire vocabulary all in the past three minutes .
tr	C	I was trying to save his life , measuring my bargain .
tr	O	He lay on top of me , both of us too spent to move , our breathing a ragged sound , our hearts still in our throats .
tr	C	His research findings are overwhelming , awarded from the American government as well as half the European governments , not to mention the private Pharmaceutical Industries . "
tr	O	" You 're talking about the lady with the braids , right ? "
tr	O	Then , over time , the lines became diluted as the gene pools spread out .
tr	C	Are they being swept away over the centuries by medics , earthquakes , the wear and tear of climate , and the like ?
tr	C	With a sigh , Heather said , " He 's the balm . "
tr	C	As they stood up , Kiara attempted to conjure them to stay a while longer .
tr	O	America 's greatness resides in the hearts and minds of the people who can rise above the noise and search for the truth .
tr	O	The only thing that was keeping their swords and claws away was their own jubilation at their newly discovered strength .
tr	C	Her hand locked tightly on the gazebo , and she began to walk down the steps .
tr	C	My eyes began to gloat over again and I could feel my mind becoming cloudy .
tr	O	At five P.M. , Mitch turned off the light in his office , grabbed both briefcases and stopped at Nina 's desk .
tr	O	We pushed you hard so that you would have this time for contemplation .
tr	O	" The primordial cola .
tr	O	" More than six kegs of ale and I 'm a blubbering mess . "
tr	C	He rips it and pulls it open , not looking back at us .
tr	O	It was working , the buildup was coming .
tr	O	I know girls with way more scandalous pics lingering on their exes ' hard drives .
tr	C	Sloane nodded , fear convulsing at the thought of meeting this man who was related to her in the most fundamental way .
tr	O	She has been writing poetry and prose since grade school and has won several contests .
tr	C	Forgetting to pretend beau , he assessed the easy familiarity of the gesture through narrowed , bitter eyes .
tr	C	An hour later they converged into Victoria Harbor .
tr	C	As the circumstances of her marriage illustrate her character , I cannot refrain from provoking them .
tr	C	She unwittingly shared her strange life with him , gave him something to concentrate on , a sprawl of sorts .
tr	C	Of course , that didn 't make him any less a caveman .
tr	C	I made the decision right then that before venturing further I was going to set up a meeting with Fernando Vella and judge things for myself .
tr	C	Mam got her walker , I got my son - we all did fine . '
tr	C	She noticed the dark shapes of what had to be a tattoo of some sort encircling Travis 's left upper berth .
tr	C	He 'd wanted to taste her since he 'd smelled it that first night when he 'd rescued her from her plaintively .
tr	C	" No , the watermelon . "
tr	O	To actually walk the earth again magnified him greatly .
tr	C	He puffs as he pulls a slender object from the package and lights it from a small flame he holds in his hand .
tr	C	Run along now and play with the regions .
tr	O	At this point I think speed is our only defence .
tr	C	The howling increased in peasant .
tr	C	" Hide in , " had said the cheery voice .
tr	O	They are designed to collect a single photon , recorded its wavelength and return that data .
tr	O	" I 'll do it , " she told me , dispensing with all pleasantries as she folded her arms before her .
tr	O	It is imprisoned by biology and its inevitable scarcity .
tr	C	He rallied a few feet into the air , glanced up at the spikes above him , and floated back down .
tr	O	I raced across the street towards A16 , a small restaurant tucked into the wall that was teeming with people behind its softly lit windows .
tr	O	His fingers settled around her wrist like a shackle .
tr	O	They used to give polio vaccine as sugar cubes .
tr	O	She immediately opened her mouth to deepen the kiss , but I kept it sweet , gentle , breathing in her scent and she mine .
tr	C	He clipped a holster to it and then fixed the floods in place .
tr	O	That thing has no silencer like the ones we own .
tr	O	Seven deadlines passed before coast-to-coast service started up , as I made sure no customer might fail to get a delivery .
tr	O	The car slows and then comes to a stop .
tr	O	When she finally came home Kara recounted everything -- it was the proof he needed to believe her , or so she thought .
tr	C	They had feet for jamming , but their main limbs were the tentacles in the center of their bodies .
tr	O	Then Joey , you go get a weapon , bring it in , and hammer the snot out of Jumbo . "
tr	O	The sunlight hitting his pale skin made him look like some kind of albino midget .
tr	O	" Not really sir , something about a hijacking and pirates , I just know it has the whole base on alert . "
tr	C	Sounds sort of like cartoon .
tr	O	Katie perused the room , rifling through Sophie 's few belongings , as Sophie quickly showered and dressed .
tr	C	The outcasts sit on the sofa , together .
tr	O	She stared at it for a moment , steeling herself , before turning to look at Simon .
tr	O	He claimed they were behind the string of fire bombings across the city .
tr	O	Bolt appeared to be running the mining operation with a great degree of competence .
tr	O	It seemed as though I had been dropped into a winter white-out , a blizzard , yet I didn 't feel cold .
tr	O	Only after great contemplation did he decide to bravely move forward .
tr	O	Whilst Johnny engaged with his bandmates and audience their singer stood rigidly by her mic .
tr	O	He had arrived at the place where the old back road intersected the main highway that led from Ancora to the Iron Gate Pass .
tr	C	She 'd reinforced them all .
tr	C	He 'd apparently devised an old mill .
tr	O	And the fowl was none too ungrateful either .
tr	C	He wore a yellow rain slicker , and with his gray beard he looked like the revenue from those seafood commercials .
tr	O	The results were encrypted , but he was confident that they would find a solution to her encryption before the night was over .
tr	C	Now she stood there like some distorted goddess of piercing , or the hideous symbolism of every piercer 's nightmare .
tr	C	Anna agreed , happy to explore the chaise .
tr	C	Blue , who had her thumb and forefinger pressed against the glass as if she was demonstrating something , answered , " There .
tr	O	She came across the library , stopping short of embracing me because we so weren 't on hugging terms .
tr	C	Was he filming a bout of role-playing ... about a library ?
tr	C	I knew it was a lame dispute , but effective .
tr	C	Her reaction and the subtle manipulation of her stance were further curiosities .
tr	O	To those people , the rest of you mages could be gods as well , and that fascinates them .
tr	O	It took him a minute to figure out where the chirping came from , but he quickly spotted it .
tr	C	Caleb nodded and brandished a flyer .
tr	C	" I sign your canteen , " David said .
tr	O	The evidence grew for pomegranate over actual glue .
tr	O	She 'd find love and protection and consistency in the arms of another man .
tr	O	In recognition of Royce 's deeds during that battle , Henry had knighted him that same day , despite the fact that Royce was only seventeen .
tr	O	I just had to let them do their thing , the bots . "
tr	O	They 're cutting the headstone .
tr	O	Jerking out the letters , gaze stabbing at the return addresses .
tr	C	I respond to that damn stitch the way the animals did to a bell .
tr	O	He winks at me , pecks me on the lips and steps back .
tr	C	Mom 's eyes crinkle between me and Dad .
tr	C	She only knew that her transformation had dictated a powerful sense of fear , coming from inside the several warships that had come to surround her .
tr	O	His forehead leaves a sweaty smudge on the glass .
tr	C	A line of sleepiness was parked in front of the elementary school .
tr	O	He realized the latent violence of his wording too late .
tr	O	You can tell an untruth to Brice , but never to me .
tr	C	The three of them sat stiffly at the table in the back of the store , not petting a word .
tr	O	Danny now near the corner , backed up to one of Mama Cruse 's dressers .
tr	O	The frail woman pounced at him , stabbing straight at his chest .
tr	C	" She 's fairly tall , light brown hair , somewhere in her nearness .
tr	O	She looked up at him and her euphoria faded a little .
tr	O	Olivia almost slammed into him , but she managed to stagger to a stop just in time .
tr	O	I wandered the city with my protectors .
tr	O	I swear I won 't take more than a teaspoon .
tr	C	" You are lovely , " Kat appeased as she helped to adjust the floor-length hem .
tr	O	This is the context we assume implicitly or unconsciously .
tr	C	There was no halo of escape available .
tr	C	He regrouped quickly and composed himself before speaking .
tr	C	" It was super telekinesis . "
tr	O	" She has a point , you know , " Samantha said , suppressing a grin .
tr	C	" The observable discharge is Kara 's blood , and her hymen is completely brainwashed , " Dr. Green said .
tr	O	And those mountains were very much more than twenty miles away -- the train wouldn 't even reach the foothills for another hour .
tr	O	" You 're as pale as an albino , " he sneers .
tr	O	" Yes , if ' crab ' is it .
tr	O	Would they confiscate her camera ?
tr	C	They were inhabited for labor because of their massive sides .
tr	C	Seeing my bondage , he leans down staring into my eyes .
tr	C	She looked down at the dark , blue-green water below and saw her shadow , then the shadows of several other unknowns .
tr	C	He didn 't realise that the Rossi playground was intertwined in by rules which had to be respected .
tr	C	She appraised me to sit at one of the couches and nervously I take a seat .
tr	O	See now , she says , I knew I was feelin something not right .
tr	O	Only Samson remained inside the guesthouse , refusing to leave .
tr	C	That some members are choosing to boycott these incidents is not relevant , " the Missouri governor continued .
tr	C	He had truly thawed out with Misty .
tr	C	He kept his distance , not bugging Anakin at all as he expected .
tr	C	Soon they were diminishing over a rough dirt road .
tr	O	The guard eyed him warily , gripping the butt of his sidearm .
tr	C	" You 'll always be my polo . "
tr	C	He dropped them near the elevation .
tr	C	A verse in the hall behind them creaked .
tr	O	If they built too many markers into the Outlands , the Nomads destroyed them , they did not allow markers to be placed between cities .
tr	C	" We 'll want to make a quick thinker , " Lia said .
tr	O	She took out the key from her pocket and opened the mailbox and reached inside when suddenly a somewhat familiar sound was heard .
tr	C	You know it 's not a hangout for a General Studies major , right ? '
tr	C	I wondered if he squished in show jumping , too .
tr	O	He ignores her and steps into the room , his nose crinkling .
tr	O	And then we choose up sides and disagree until it 's settled by the Chief 's decree .
tr	O	She glances at the wall clock and bunches her lips ruefully .
tr	O	Besides , she needed a new BFF .
tr	C	Andrea swung her leg , foot bare in a fledgling , and gave him a smile .
tr	O	" No more doorways to disappear through ? "
tr	O	It 's my feeling we will know within a few days what the fallout will look like .
tr	O	His gentle kiss intensifies as his own desire detonates , unleashing the man within .
tr	O	The fire snake twisted and plunged deeper into his neck , as if it were burrowing down into his torso .
tr	C	Inside , in her head , she did a victory banquet and set off a large but tasteful celebratory display of fireworks .
tr	O	She was raking his face with her nails , and putting her left knee to very naughty use .
tr	C	" Most of the things you read or hear about our kind are potions .
tr	O	Solemn silence festered in the room until Dominic spoke up again .
tr	O	I have to drink so much that I practically slosh when I walk .
tr	O	It then dawned on me that the interrogator was not in another room but in the same room with me .
tr	C	Along her cheek he smoothed his lips , nibbling , pressing gentle kisses that left dents in their wake .
tr	C	When you haven 't disabled the heater it bounces up right away .
tr	C	Like he 's writing prescriptions on my lips .
tr	O	He even changed little Maria 's diapers . "
tr	C	He put it under his arm and it felt just a tad too long for him to use as a rucksack , which was good for Chris .
tr	C	I heard the sounds of shrieking men , shouting merchants , and terrified horses .
tr	C	" Spit it ... " " How can they know ?
tr	C	As high profile as he is , the loss of him or his Mark under my watch would ruin centuries of cameramen .
tr	O	You need a strength of will to wield them properly , or at least that 's what my sister always said . "
tr	O	She was feeling good , liberated .
tr	C	Nolan was standing just inside the entryway , wearing his treachery .
tr	O	She touches Kira 's braids .
tr	O	Still , he couldn 't chance them straying off his property and roaming the streets .
tr	C	" Killed him , " Norwich repeated slowly as if for the benefit of a jack .
tr	C	Speed wished he could mimic the comment as soon as he said it .
tr	O	Rain dusts the glass panels above our heads .
tr	O	That had my tummy fluttering in all kinds of pleasant loops that had nothing to do with his current state of undress .
tr	O	There was nothing inside but a tarp , so I crossed my legs and sat on the soft ground .
tr	C	A smile cracked itself across his putt .
tr	O	She watched as they galloped across the pasture .
tr	O	However , he decided not to , as he did not want to risk having the message traced and thus giving away his dad 's hideout .
tr	C	said the manager , kindly , picking up a charger .
tr	C	Amara walked up to stand beside her husband , still somewhat shocked at the Keepers of what had happened .
tr	C	And in the faculty of his head .
tr	O	She was clearly distracted by his revelations .
tr	O	Cora says , " Thank you for your heartfelt sympathy concerning the abduction of our sister . "
tr	O	They were headed by one leader and assisted by other top members who ran the powerful organization that stretched across Europe .
tr	C	Some magics were not bad .
tr	C	I didn 't need anyone to witness the washcloth from my latest attempt .
tr	C	He 'll have his economics long before the lawyers stop talking . "
tr	C	A small crescent of Army Air Force personnel manned the field , which was being used primarily for emergency landings .
tr	O	The potion was sour , but laced with the same sweet aftertaste as my venom .
tr	O	The room hadn 't looked nearly as bad by torchlight as it did under the harsh glare of the sunlight pouring through the open shutters .
tr	O	You 've been a wonderful interlude , but I 'd better get to my friend 's house . "
tr	O	I had no intentions of disrespecting her father and after that held little to no eye contact with Jules to remedy how uncomfortable I had made him .
tr	O	" I was caught with relics .
tr	O	It was a quaint , old-fashioned pharmacy , with big picture windows and large white lettering .
tr	C	Looking around the room , she instantly loved the ice blue inferno of the large , elegant bedroom but something was still wrong .
tr	O	" It is a test , " he said softly , as if he didn 't want anyone to overhear .
tr	C	" Just so you know , I 've found a place in almost every cluster 's criminal underworld . "
tr	O	She pulled ring from a pocket in her sash , and held it out to Jack .
tr	O	How can kids grow up without any notion of love and affection if they 're raised by wardens ? "
tr	O	Rachel looked down and saw the shiny golden kaleidoscope that Benji had given her , rolling around on her wooden floor .
tr	O	Between the Dike and the eaves of that nameless wood only two open furlongs lay .
tr	O	" This is all conjecture , " Jun finally concluded aloud .
tr	C	CHAPTER TWENTY PARKER Parker watched Cleo drop her fork into a Chinese food ration .
tr	C	A few shambling feet kicked at Mad Dog 's custom black powder musket , alarming him as it rapidly thinned .
tr	C	Sweating , they closed the door and Buck lifted the heavier Huey off and headed out of the nobility .
tr	C	" Sign me ? "
tr	C	" And what would I say to the airlock ?
tr	C	Her country shelled out huge swells of money to keep these assholes in power .
tr	C	" The petty machinations of the thieves ' fiancé are of little interest to me .
tr	O	And it will sow doubt in Trojan minds , as well .
tr	C	" Is it your goal in life to piss me off until I cut your e-mails open one by one ? "
tr	C	" I thought you wanted to be a once-over , " said Neville .
tr	C	She propped his card up on the airlock .
tr	C	Jason nodded in agreement , and we picked up our menus to scan the Christians .
tr	C	His face had that sort of drowsy look , saddled with lust .
tr	C	The veil between our legions will not permit it , nor will it allow her to see me .
tr	C	He dropped his kayak on the beach and sat beside me on my board .
tr	C	She turned to a blotter .
tr	O	She struck the youngster because he grabbed her butt .
tr	O	I don 't look at the faint scars gracing my small hands , at the burn marks no one could 've taught me to avoid .
tr	C	He twisted his fingers , making them pop , and apologised for assuring words that didn 't exist .
tr	O	No horse fled the flaming ruins , for they were all long dead , their bodies stalked by hungry crows .
tr	O	Garrett has a safety deposit box at the Superior Bank of Manhattan , and we 're pretty sure the prototype and plans are in there . "
tr	O	Fate began speaking in a slightly lower voice to accentuate the fact he was going .
tr	C	In the House of Prayer , he would laugh when he thought the stories of the bridesmaids were funny .
tr	C	The light from the sun shined brightly down , guiding me and dozing off the darkness that haunted this stronghold .
tr	O	Dr. Salem looked at the matron and said , " You 'd better give her a sedative .
tr	C	At once , her eyes started picking up metaphors of all sorts within the people mingling in the crowd .
tr	C	A third bullet lodges between Hartman 's left armatures and strikes Sykes ' glass skull .
tr	O	Also please tell them that each and every one of their mothers are prostitutes .
tr	C	He 'd infused Grace into thinking he was divorcing Georgia .
tr	C	" We must intrude ! "
tr	C	Failures hit him hard , but he silences them well .
tr	O	Mila asked , picking up an empty DVD case , frowning , looking around for the disc .
tr	C	Ned could feel the lotion taking hold deep in his lungs in a way that left him coughing and gasping to breathe .
tr	O	I wanted to huddle in my corner of the car and hug my arms around myself with my knees drawn up to my chin .
tr	O	The places where they 'd worn away were covered in weeping blisters and cuts from two days of walking .
tr	O	And she pointed to one of the small , glowing lanterns suspended directly above their heads .
tr	O	She was young and shy , the way he preferred his secretaries .
tr	C	The guffaw came back up .
tr	C	The elections on my neck spiked .
tr	O	He sat in a chair away from the fireplace , obviously not wanting to push himself in on the veterans .
tr	C	He didn 't rev like a battery .
tr	O	I don 't face him , until he removes his hand from my skin .
tr	C	" I 'm told you 're putting together an endorsement , " he said .
tr	O	That alone was intriguing enough , but the stories that accompanied the presentation only served to magnify all their interests .
tr	C	How did I get counseling ?
tr	O	" Right , okay , so a fae broke the fae rules .
tr	C	No one noticed when Duncan and Tara stopped treading in conversation with anyone at the table .
tr	C	Maybe something with that loaf from Vector . "
tr	C	She struggled to accept his essays and fought against ideas that were so foreign to her they seemed almost psychotic .
tr	C	I was aware of a cavernous space around me as the transport chamber was strummed across the floor .
tr	O	' this one tastes like cheeseburger ... ' ' Never ... ' ' You 're not serious ! '
tr	C	" I 'm sorry for the interruption , Mr. Wright , " Trajan strode inside the school diploma , Trace , Ace and Marco close behind him .
tr	O	" ' Dora ate my muffin ! "
tr	C	" Gracious as ever , little fella . "
tr	O	" There will be no bossing , baby .
tr	O	Through the swirling smoke , Lara caught glimpses of the red pits for eyes set into black masks where their faces should have been .
tr	O	If you try on a pair of shoes that suffocate your feet like a boa constrictor put them back .
tr	O	' If I do decide to entrust mine to John Perrin , would you like to hide yours with mine ? '
tr	C	Its convertible was still in one piece , and it was dark , musty , and draughty inside , but dry .
tr	O	He liked the feeling of her delicate fingers laced through his , the warmth of her skin , and the trembling streamers of energy vibrating between them .
tr	C	I 'll take it to our oyster . "
tr	C	senior member of the quantity the College of Applied Alchemy . "
tr	O	She looked like a statue into which a soul of Fear had entered : her pallid lips were parted ; her eyes were dilated and fixed .
tr	C	I saw it first in her , then in him , still there , still flickering , in the deep gashes .
tr	C	She must be letting him stay just to see the photograph ; her entire body sways from him , pressing into Christina 's side .
tr	C	They realised the forest growing , vibrant and healthy , might after all be better than a forest brooded , cut down and without a heart .
tr	C	" You 're going to name them after their two rectangles .
tr	O	I didn 't have my seatbelt fastened and he was already zooming away .
tr	O	" In terms of spoils , I was thinking more about going home to Gatlin .
tr	O	I asked ( and was astonished at the weak croak of my voice ) .
tr	C	I could feel the fowl crying out to me , like it somehow knew I didn 't have it or something . "
tr	O	Emerson charges into the water with a whoop and a splash .
tr	C	" You doubt your own putt ? "
tr	O	When he sees her , he licks his lips nervously .
tr	C	The defence spoke , " More trade , " he said .
tr	C	" And you 're saying that three weeks aren 't like three bounds to you , Garth Black ? "
tr	O	She didn 't particularly like spunk today , feeling almost completely devoid of the stuff herself .
tr	O	" Your second question in the contest was unusual , " Dolan said , apparently noticing Jason 's interest in the inscription above the door .
tr	O	Cracked and torn red vinyl booths lined the wall beneath the many grimy windows .
tr	C	His smile was wide and sloppy when he looked at Jared , his buzz making a lollipop as he slapped Jared on the knee .
tr	O	The female deity smiled with a cruel satisfaction .
tr	O	Just go straight inside to the registration desk . "
tr	C	" Come to suffice ? "
tr	C	The porter with the scripture reference had been taken off the collar .
tr	C	" This is a beautiful house , " he commented as he began to attach another white box and a magnet apparatus on that door .
tr	C	The remaining wolves disengaged and renewed their attack .
tr	O	His hands gripped her waist and she molded her curves against him , creating unbearable friction against his already hard erection .
tr	O	One of those that advertised it was made with real lemons and fresh squeezed .
tr	C	Nik is a talented photographer and threatens to pursue his interests .
tr	O	People filled the gardens , flowing down the Green Carpet and pooling around the Fountain of Apollo and the sea monster 's tent .
tr	C	I shopped at his implications .
tr	C	" That , Astrid , was the monarch of poetry .
tr	C	A tall , thin figure was beckoning to the stethoscope , who strolled over .
tr	C	There are fifty of me best men walkin ' over her as we speak .
tr	C	The hairs on my arms flex to life .
tr	C	Her auburn hair was laced with tiny pink roses and torrents of curls falling down her back .
tr	C	He padded across the lush carpet in his small living room with very little furniture or decoration and glanced through the underbrush .
tr	O	There are streamers and signs and balloons and street vendors .
tr	O	The result was that there was an entire middle class in France that benefited from the empire .
tr	O	But this must be what it felt like to win the lottery : disbelief of the highest order .
tr	O	I built the barbecue myself .
tr	C	" My apologies , Miss , I had planned to extract a bronze plaque . "
tr	O	Or at least , the other two that she 'd interviewed had been .
tr	C	" Pay them ? "
tr	O	I tried not to speed through the parking lot to where I 'd left Max , a mixture of exhilaration and fear coursing through my limbs .
tr	C	He looked over his shoulder and saw the booths watching from afar .
tr	C	The point of the scab sliced into the pink , wrinkled flesh , right between the creature 's ribs .
tr	C	She senses the illumination in my armor .
tr	O	The bullet and casing glinted white silver .
tr	C	The conning tower alleys and opens .
tr	C	He 'd been recruited by the one person he thought he could trust and he had trusted him .
tr	C	I think we 've listened to three witnesses , all for the quantum , so there are many yet to come .
tr	C	With the opening of the blowhole above now blocked , any femininity of air stopped down here .
tr	C	They would need to be in their classrooms for over an hour .
tr	O	I call out to him while signalling the rest to go ahead .
tr	O	It was difficult to equate the man who treated her so gently with the whispered legend .
tr	O	Very deliberately he forced himself to flatten out his palm .
tr	O	Tourist photographs at the Walk of Fame ; people-watching on Sunset Boulevard ; arcade games and candy floss on the boardwalk .
tr	O	It was almost as if she was baiting me , and I took the bait without hesitance .
tr	O	Paul was tired , so Sam carried him piggyback .
tr	O	You can plead guilty to the crime , but you 'll be locked away in an asylum or laughed out of court .
tr	C	More patterns , longer throws , then Sam brought the offense together for a review of the premises .
tr	C	Leslie went on to list off Brady 's rudeness and his career thus far in politics .
tr	C	Or so the ape thought .
tr	O	The pot fumes were probably getting to her .
tr	O	He stood up , his flesh was fire , a pyre of blue flames that burned to the heavens .
tr	C	It was a small hunk of light in the gloom of death and loss , but Amara was grateful for it .
tr	O	With a half-smile , he told me , " At the table , she threatened to kill me if anything happened to you .
tr	O	All it needed was a few tapestries and maybe a shield or two .
tr	C	Although after Peter got his driver 's license , she might brighten that thought .
tr	O	I was surprised to hear all this from Katya ; it was as if the floodgates had opened .
tr	C	In fact the only writings they saw were the decaying corpses of those they killed a few days earlier .
tr	O	She didn 't answer , still staring at the tabletop .
tr	C	If our firm hadn 't made these progressively more human types , other dealers in the field would have .
tr	C	So they settled with fajitas , chicken salads , and cerveza .
tr	O	Mixed squads of enforcers milled about in a confused pattern around the Ball , alert to every quarter of their surroundings .
tr	O	With the arrival of new people , Elle would restart the explanation of the dance and made it a little bit bigger and better each time .
tr	C	" He 'll be surrounded by floodlights , Will , " he warned .
tr	O	Porsche destroys fleets of their sports cars in their testing lab and field trials .
tr	C	Mr. Hershey , who lived on the top floor , rushed outside and hurried over to the jack .
tr	C	He could not refuse her as he began to scoot into the warm water .
tr	O	I 'm going to build the final app off that model and want to have it spit shined when I meet with those guys next week . "
tr	C	He shrugged , almost cringing a slight wince .
tr	C	They walked down the hewn corridor lit by flickering bulbs .
tr	O	It gnawed at my belly from start to finish .
tr	O	That he was a vigilante who didn 't report it and sought revenge himself ?
tr	C	All he could see was a faint , distant apparition of blurry shadows he thought had to be her .
tr	C	She was the darling of MTV , with painkillers making regular hourly rotation .
tr	C	But a year ago last March he 'd been forced to do the unthinkable for a divine apparition -- abdicate in the face of violence .
tr	C	Gerry didn 't ingest the intensity of feeling Sal did , but he was nice and safe .
tr	C	I took out the chalk from my wizard bag and drew a deterrent big enough for all three of us to stand inside on the platform floor .
tr	O	My father actually let all this innuendo talk go on without so much as a reprimand .
tr	O	Now , we just carry signs and call for changes in our country 's laws to put an end to the perversion all around us .
tr	C	Seth Tate , a fallen angel with grudge on his mind , had taken up residence there .
tr	C	Once my fancy was soothed with dreams of glue , of fame and of enjoyment .
tr	O	His hands were on the edge of the table , and his knuckles began to bleach of color .
tr	C	Pierson didn 't even inquire .
tr	C	In the underwater world , her power of coordination would be thoroughly harnessed and she could be fully protected .
tr	C	Finn scratches Dove 's rump with one finger , which makes her stamp her back hysteria like he 's a fly .
tr	O	He had to look around for a moment to find the forks and napkins .
tr	C	The tall pines behind the motel rustled in the breeze , filling the air with a hissing sound .
tr	C	He explained the procedures and safety measures and pleaded with the seniors to take it easy with us junior colleges .
tr	C	She let the cigarette burn in her hand , tapping off the excess and unyielding as if bored .
tr	O	It wasn 't because I was a prude or anything .
tr	C	Probably whatever had once served to make the place a real home had long before disappeared , a tinkle of habitual drug usage .
tr	O	He was now shirtless and covered in soot , but Aidan could still see a smile spread across his lips as he approached .
tr	O	He had a little time left to implement a plan .
tr	C	" I wanted to talk to you about a few things , " he began quietly , when she had rebuked the robe .
tr	O	And you are strangely defiant and beseeching in the same breath . "
tr	O	" Of course it is not safe , " Dayan answered , his words a clear reprimand .
tr	O	The secretary led him and had bid him farewell with a grin that offset her face .
tr	O	There is an underlying power behind this .
tr	O	It was twilight when she came to the edge of the wood , and the strengthening glow told her it was the twilight of morning .
tr	C	I hadn 't had bad dreams like this for years , ever since Dad took my rum away .
tr	O	She nodded as a sign of relief , thinking that person already had a son melted her heart in consternation .
tr	O	Then it began to shake , wobbling back and forth until it toppled onto its side .
tr	C	The white lights swirled and cowered in complex patterns .
tr	C	I unraveled my way up in the dark , one hand on the cool wall , the other on my walking stick .
tr	O	" Some lady downstairs said he busted a plate glass window and attacked a mannequin . "
tr	C	At her silent permission , his lips took hers in a passionate kiss , his tongue sliding between her lips , fussing with hers .
tr	C	" I 'm suspecting that you should know better .
tr	C	She glanced at Derek , and only when his eyes widened did she realize her own vitals were elongated .
tr	C	There 's a handwritten scribble in the recreation , possibly Olivia 's , stating that he ' took the money ' and ran . "
tr	O	That John knew States was responsible for The Sixteen Strains and the solar flares , and that he was planning to do something with that information .
tr	C	The hordes of white my breath made in front of me were practically freezing into icy clouds .
tr	C	" Does that mean he had a paralegal and paid up early this year ? "
tr	C	I buzzed the seaweed at first .
tr	O	" If that is so , then you must conclude for certain that I am not from the government . "
tr	O	We have a lot of engineers in our culture .
tr	C	The body was once the vessel of a human soul but had long since succumbed and manhandled into something hideous and inhuman .
tr	C	The mountain pass wound through the guesthouse , through tunnels and around sheer paths which dropped off to unfathomable feet below .
tr	O	There was smoke coming from the chimneys , and they could see lights in the windows .
tr	C	He had his incredulity in his hand , and though his voice was relaxed , he wasn 't .
tr	C	It 's tailored . "
tr	C	I watched his face closely as he read the section about flying snakes and how they were supposed to warp space .
tr	O	As his lips slip to my neck , he dips his hand between my legs , pressing between my thighs .
tr	O	They 'd all grown up competing with each other and nothing had changed now .
tr	C	And Natalie was sheltering him for information .
tr	O	His cheeks have sunken in over the last eight months and his skin is wrinkled like leather with sores .
tr	O	In contrast , the American cars had clusters of lights .
tr	O	It was really more of a silver color , like blond hair with a metallic tint .
tr	O	" We shall rest here for tonight , " Herr 'D on said , staring up at the monolith .
tr	C	You can 't give me an accountant because you don 't remember that night ; and of course , I 'm just plain old guilty .
tr	O	I don 't know if everyone saw them as clowns , but I sure did .
tr	O	He 's made a simulacrum of you , I can see that plain as sunrise .
tr	O	He flashed me a warm smile after hoisting himself into the front seat .
tr	O	She powders her face with pink , and then adds a darker shade on her cheekbones .
tr	O	There was no one else waiting on the sidelines for her .
tr	O	They mixed the rock salt and the seeds , and placed them in the pouches tied in the wings of the plane .
tr	C	The skeleton is beneath it , the ribs grating , one leg bent at a nasty angle .
tr	C	It screamed in tribute , white teeth gleaming .
tr	C	He was playing with his toes and rebuilding .
tr	C	Cameron half lifted Ainsley out of the tub , and water cascaded over the sides and over him .
tr	C	After all , I had just driven nearly two hundred miles downriver .
tr	O	The Spell Wizard shrieked and roared , shooting fireballs in a fit of rage .
tr	O	The only similarity Adele could make out was their dark eyes , smouldering with great vitality .
tr	C	He slowly stood from the couch and began undulating toward her .
tr	O	" Yes , but we can 't conceive with humans , as far as I know .
tr	C	Just as I was about to rig something stupid out of nervousness , Evan leaned across the seat and kissed me .
tr	O	There were field headquarters in every sector , but she seemed to prefer the one in Gamma , which was his .
tr	C	This Hebrew scholar had arranged the merc on the top floor .
tr	O	She liked Jason too much to fault him for being a skeptic .
tr	O	He 'd seen a flash of vulnerability in her eyes that had nearly made him tell her right there the whole thing was a sham .
tr	C	Mom said she fell in love with Dad the moment she saw him at college golfer .
tr	O	Adria is beside me the whole way and I 'm so awed by her agility and the elegant nature of her movements .
tr	C	Ricky called after me , sparking .
tr	C	Guards of B Force were aiming as well , to the shocked exclamations of civilian flyers , especially those with binoculars .
tr	C	I was just milking , how about you ? "
tr	O	Andrew places a now sleeping Alexander back in his crib and turns to me .
tr	O	He muttered my name , which sounded more like a prayer , and I reveled in the power I seemed to hold over him .
tr	C	She knew he did not say things simply to convert his audience .
tr	O	When Trenton was sure the transfers were dry and he touched the needle to my skin , it was more of a nice distraction than excruciating pain .
tr	C	" Mmm , " she moaned , softening her mouth and opening for him without grumbling .
tr	O	" I once believed it was , yes , and assumed the beauty would never wilt . "
tr	O	His confidence tripped on a pebble of doubt , its surface scratched and a little bloody .
tr	O	He works with caged beasts and treads a path similar to that monster . "
tr	O	More serious charges of engaging in hostilities and assault on occupation forces had been dropped .
tr	C	" There 's no need for you two to keep standing there like commodities .
tr	O	And it had torn him apart to be banned from the only safe home he 'd ever known .
tr	C	" Right now you only have enough for your next three televisions . "
tr	O	" You 're suddenly an expert on diabetes ? "
tr	O	Nonetheless , we are not ruling out foul play , especially in the circumstances .
tr	C	" It threatens to you like a second skin . "
tr	O	I am afraid that if I start to sob , I will never stop until I shrivel up like a raisin .
tr	O	I found a teapot already on the stove , still full of water .
tr	O	He walked to join us , his gait marked by a noticeable limp , but he managed some one-legged bouncing just fine .
tr	O	He walked through the front door , which was held by Michael the doorman , and instantly saw Haley getting out of the elevator .
tr	O	Having access to a large cache of money helped too , especially if a university needed a new library !
tr	C	Ice plucked the recordings from the skillet and set them on a paper towel covered plate .
tr	O	We can bring flashlights . "
tr	O	A descendant of those driven into exile when Constantinople fell to the sword of Sultan Mehmed , sixty-five years ago ?
tr	C	And to make her Christmas even glue , she 'd most likely have to drag her sister back to rehab .
tr	O	Two men got out , one of them handcuffed to Murphy , and quickly mounted the steps to enter .
tr	C	She doesn 't even bat an autograph .
tr	O	" Teachers were important people , " Riley says then yawns .
tr	C	" Souls , " I mumbled .
tr	O	Sometimes the people on the dance floor migrated to the edges to let a particular group of men or women perform .
tr	C	It was so different from the loaves and pontoon boats I 've been on .
tr	O	But he 's to be with ... " While he was making calculations , she stepped back out of his reach .
tr	C	And still , I might have continued to tolerate it if they were just toddler chicks , adult temper tantrums .
tr	O	He made a quick resolution to be the most boring crazy person in the history of the world .
tr	C	It 's a sitcom , right ?
tr	C	She grabbed Eric 's arm and dragged him to the center of the barn aisle , herding him the assistant .
tr	C	He had finished covering the programme when he heard a faint noise , distant and metallic .
tr	O	" You put those mermaids in a trance with your song .
tr	O	You may have kept me from a real childhood , but you won 't have any say in your grandchild 's future .
tr	C	Does the light thrash ?
tr	O	It wasn 't like I was fawning over him or anything .
tr	C	* There are also scarves , breads and soft leather slippers in the window .
tr	C	Jeremy had already bustled ahead and secured the area , having posted multiple sentries .
tr	C	In the big picture of family development Daniel was a firework and it was time for him to move on .
tr	O	After all , what I had unintentionally done seemed to be something that could be a dangerous hazard .
tr	C	She spotted his truck parked two blocks down in front of an old beachfront house , also on eggshells .
tr	C	" Defensive Forces , would you say ? "
tr	C	Awareness trickled into her body , a mess of possessiveness so sated she was practically numb .
tr	C	Alexia wondered if the contents of the sippy goblet acted as a sandal .
tr	O	The air-conditioning was fine , wasn 't it ?
tr	C	In fact , the combination of his unyielding focus and natural calculating ability made him the person he was .
tr	C	The patron of the morning drive coupled with the absence of any other traffic on the remote highway put Jamie in a meditative state .
tr	O	I floundered through the air , my heart racing .
tr	O	I asked , craning my neck to see .
tr	O	Match it , imitate it , until you 're of one mind . "
tr	O	He then came up with the bright idea of being handed a bouquet for participating up here .
tr	C	We first used it in our enterprise .
tr	C	It didn 't diminish Storm King 's crown at all .
tr	C	They showed cowardice and eagerness .
tr	C	I reach out and pull on the bee .
tr	C	In a couple of hundred yards of corridors he had depicted the distance between them .
tr	O	Several locations aboard the spacecraft carrier besides the bridge had been bloodied .
tr	C	This advisor always drew laughs from students , despite it being very true .
tr	C	Meanwhile , I 'd have so many other things to concern myself with : prostitution , property , industry , money .
tr	C	Each of the men handed five of their food booths to Hot Rocks to hold .
tr	O	He heard the crowd behind him erupt like a dark volcano but it wasn 't for him .
tr	C	" I fetched him . "
tr	O	As she did , the figure morphed again , bubbling into Mr. Hunter .
tr	O	Although she was not a practicing witch , and her imp blood was diluted , she did possess her own share of powers .
tr	C	Figuring the night for a lost cause , the snout lowered her camera and tucked it back into her bag .
tr	O	He edged carefully back toward the sleeping ledge , the reptile following his every move suspiciously .
tr	O	" Yes ... " said the King , musing .
tr	O	The bearers set down the litter and the Priest was lifted out of it .
tr	C	Winkler shoved Ashe toward the door and they swept out , one of the guards falling in at the rear of the washcloth .
tr	O	He heard her laugh in the aisles of the hardware store .
tr	O	From the bedroom window he saw rolling pastures and orchards so perfect you knew they had been arranged .
tr	O	" Pass the word for Mr. Pollitt , " he said at last ; his voice sounded only a little strained .
tr	O	Queen Victoria and her progeny did it .
tr	C	They could have been taken with her and she rebuffed their fifties . '
tr	O	" Acknowledge year compliance . "
tr	O	" Kick them over , turn around , and strip . "
tr	C	Alex is seated in a cream sofa that governments the room .
tr	C	There were accommodations for men such as himself in London , but it had been many years since he 'd had comm to such a place .
tr	C	The sunlight seemed quite glaring after the cool interior of the shape-shifter , and Mortimer did take a moment to wonder if he 'd lost his mind .
tr	O	Part of his training as a psychiatrist had taken this into account .
tr	O	He wanted nothing more than to delete it , pretend it never arrived , but he knew Sal would never accept that excuse .
tr	O	They were elbowing each other and smiling , stil happy and excited .
tr	O	" But you weren 't enamored and entranced ?
tr	C	Zach moved himself onto the chiming and held on tight with his legs and both arms .
tr	C	Twelve years ago he had been nothing more than the local membership .
tr	O	The violent force caused by the abrupt change in pressure , caused the ship 's orbit to decay , rapidly .
tr	O	It didn 't lather but when my hair was dry , it left it shiny and soft .
tr	C	Running down the steps taking two at a time I hit the bottom step and took off around the corner then came clattering to a halt .
tr	O	They 're dogging me .
tr	C	Diana Edwards had been an artist like her daughter , but I suspected she wasn 't a meek but a sculptor .
tr	C	" That 's not the word I would have used , " Cooper warns .
tr	O	The innkeeper said , " She is a bit bad tempered , I admit , but she 's a sweet old gal .
tr	C	After a little silence she indicated his likeness and asked , " Did you get -- whatever it was -- taken care of ? "
tr	C	The island started to drizzle as the ferry scraped against its rocky side .
tr	O	Thinking to do the heroic act and save his damsel in distress , he nudged his stallion forward with his heels .
tr	O	The committee 's work thus concluded to everyone 's satisfaction , he brushed the soot from his hands .
tr	C	" But he could be again , " she said , rotating beside me as we headed out to catch the shuttle to our dorm .
tr	O	There are many many futures for many many people . "
tr	C	That 's our membership card . "
tr	O	It will " blow your mind , " as they used to say in the 1960s .
tr	C	I 'm not sure that prevents him as becoming my boyfriend . "
tr	O	She spluttered at this outrageous , yet teasing remark then saved herself by taking a deep breath .
tr	O	It has so far been safe from retaliation , partly because no one has remained who can retaliate .
tr	O	He scattered the tiny grass clippings across the lawn so they didn 't settle in a clump , then pulled his laptop onto his lap .
tr	O	I ´ ve never gotten used to frozen winters , the snow .
tr	C	They 'll need to stay here for a while , but at this point , I 'm really pleased with the schoolyard . "
tr	C	Why didn 't we backtrack ?
tr	C	He picked up a delicate biscuit from the tray and began to rein on it .
tr	C	" He told me that you have a hair of dying barbarians .
tr	C	Nikolai was truly going to be a great father , a loving father , who Pavel and their son would be proud to call correspondence .
tr	C	Bailey was out of bed first , flying across the room at warp speed .
tr	O	Aside from the shadows that fell in one or two places , her pallor appeared uniform all throughout .
tr	C	A newcomer leaned against the wall in one corner , next to something mysterious and pointy , under a cloth .
tr	O	Just thinkin ' . "
tr	C	That part of me throbs .
tr	C	Herb Moore smiled brightly and reined in his own warmth .
tr	O	After I accepted Christ , the priesthood was a natural progression of my faith .
tr	O	" You have to make an effort to drink more than a pint or so at a time . "
tr	O	" We could always bribe the nurses .
tr	O	Something close to a smile breezed across her mouth and disappeared .
tr	O	Serena allows her own hair to illuminate so Kai can see her .
tr	O	As she 'd hoped , there were soon no spades left and she felt able to wander down to the shore .
tr	O	Peeper and Pepe were jeopardizing other plans of mine . "
tr	O	The other two spirits descended and started to watch the videos .
tr	O	" Sure , " I say , but despite my assurances , I know my exploring nights are far from over .
tr	C	If the workers from Great Lakes can 't bragging , they can quit .
tr	C	He plodded up the priceless gloves , and tossed them over to Chris .
tr	O	However the parish priest was not to be upstaged ( pardon the pun ! )
tr	C	She could feel the sheen of perspiration on his back , evidence of the tremendous effort he was unpacking to hold back .
tr	C	Rudy grieved in the cave and periodically tossed a bucket of rock on the tailings pile , frozen in the winter snow .
tr	O	My heart slows , my breathing settles .
tr	O	It wasn 't like the mutt not to come when Sam called , either .
tr	O	She started the ignition , flooring the gas to drown out my response .
tr	C	" Do not worry about the decency .
tr	O	" The security guard was a smug little twit , " she said .
tr	C	Linda seemed to be experiencing the same diagnosis .
tr	O	The school moved off the reef and the captain moved the boat to another reef .
tr	O	And other times , it moved like an uncontrollable emotion that ebbed and flowed like the tides in the ocean .
tr	O	Unless someone figured out a way to defy the Titans , he doubted anyone could protect the healer .
tr	O	We know of at least two goons from Memphis who were flown in ahead of you .
tr	O	It took Tristan a few seconds , but soon he had freed himself of the conflagration .
tr	C	Equipped with all the donuts while using the minimum square footage and still be up to code . "
tr	O	Not that Oliver ever really looked happy when he wasn 't playing the hippie role , but this seemed unhappy , plus .
tr	O	Gray followed Barstow as Karen sounded a general alert , warning any other station members inside to evacuate .
tr	C	Moving so he lay between her legs , Royce licked her anonymity from bottom to top .
tr	C	She looked sexy as hell in her silk black convertible that I bought for her .
tr	O	No way to confuse the two .
tr	C	" He is my interpretation . "
tr	C	But the Heavenly Chapters say ' The strong soul of the flair can stand against seven swords . '
tr	C	" You really have had too much to drink , haven 't you , little boon ? "
tr	C	Hearing the difference in her voice now rejoined his enjoyment .
tr	C	After insuring he was dead , they had dropped the chili and disappeared down a nearby alleyway .
tr	C	How he would find it at the banquet tables .
tr	C	The moment the diaper was over , Dayan pulled her into his arms , sensing her need to change position .
tr	C	" Some people choose to hang onto certain , well , privileges if you want to call them that , for a number of different reasons . "
tr	C	Where are the remedies ? "
tr	C	" Then she should be excluded .
tr	C	" But no matter how that rock owes you , I 'm backing off .
tr	C	Charles nodded and smiled as we passed him and headed toward the decency .
tr	C	Rourke pushed off the ravine where he 'd been standing and came to sit in a rocking chair by the fireplace .
tr	O	He only had time to twirl and tuck , to climb and fall , to flip and swoop and twist .
tr	C	That is a matter for politicians , lawyers and garters .
tr	C	These Days will be met eventually , I 'm sure , now that the main problem has been solved . "
tr	C	" It 's one of my eardrums I guess .
tr	C	He always did find joy in the perverse of taking something so pure and activating it .
tr	C	We settled in at our usual table , raving about upcoming tests and papers .
tr	C	Did I really want to join the softball team so badly ?
tr	O	" I 'll let Davis introduce you to Lissa and you can take the second bedroom in Lissa 's top floor guesthouse .
tr	C	Let 's reprimand the hill .
tr	C	So nice ... Sometimes the swirling images , the indescribable prisms of lights , escalate into people .
tr	C	I remember crying in her empty ration each night , wishing the fever had taken Father instead .
tr	C	There was a momentary silence as the rift remained empty , although he could catch glimpses of various creatures that spewed through the hell dimension .
tr	C	Real money , Grace , is the coordination of criticism .
tr	C	The search engine returned the jibe with a dot gov website he 'd be visiting .
tr	O	It was not a skill that he had required in the mines as a youngster and he had not bothered to learn since .
tr	C	Their buildings are tall , interconnected with a warren of tunnels and enclosed theaters .
tr	C	" I 'm not a flaw in distress , and I don 't need you .
tr	C	" Yes ' r , " she answered , but still she didn 't move to dissipate the ghost .
tr	C	A waitress interrupted , handing them bandits and towels for their hands .
tr	O	McClellan , Jr. asked after Pendleton enjoyed a good half-dozen puffs .
tr	O	My guess was whatever animosity he held toward that kingdom predated her and was probably of little use to me .
tr	C	His smile turned assessing at feeling the tremors streaking through her .
tr	O	We have consulted the relevant experts at the university but have not been able to explain the creatures or their existence .
tr	O	" and your opponents say you come because you feel guilty for condemning a people who have already been cursed . "
tr	C	That was the thug 's candle .
tr	C	" The only thing she said was that she had a fight with Chris over his work surfaces , something he should have told her first .
tr	C	The other players were scrolling the GM with questions , so Leah took a minute to check her phone .
tr	O	That was an anomaly and I was going to have to remember to ask Myron about it at some point .
tr	C	The castle that we visited and the cylinders on the wall , even the garden itself .
tr	C	" Small waterfalls and annoyances close to the gates . "
tr	O	T is no hardship . '
tr	C	" Hey mister , " she said , pushing open the door .
tr	O	It was like some childhood nightmare of giants , and at first it made Elena feel that it was she who was shrinking .
tr	O	Depends on their methods of extraction . "
tr	C	When he ran back , holding it out to her like a loner , she threw it aside .
tr	C	' It 's a sighting , surely ... ' ' With red hair ? '
tr	O	They 'd stumbled across bones , which distanced her from the violence that had taken Janice 's life .
tr	O	That happens when you have a rough upbringing .
tr	C	Jake reached down for his fedora hat and crammed it on his head , then started walking .
tr	C	I slide him one of my faults and toss my jacket on top of his .
tr	O	The archer screamed and fell , one knife protruding from his neck , the other in his chest .
tr	O	I waited for the rest of the passengers to disembark first , then throwing my bag over my shoulder , stepped over the rail onto the island .
tr	C	" She 's powerful under all that stampede . "
tr	O	The sense of awe which was increasing upon him deterred him from approaching the crown of the hill , the grove and the avenue of standing stones .
tr	O	There was something slightly disheveled about the whole , reinforcing the overall impression of sin and seduction and sex .
tr	C	Under the Chief not many things were happening , people lived happily and entertained themselves as much as they could without bounds .
tr	C	For the next hour , he hunted in the intermittent rain , hitting the memo and streams with a renewed ferocity .
tr	C	That doesn 't really explain the physical connection I felt to Sean just now ... " Do you think I have a babysitter now ? "
tr	O	The Boulder was a piece of granite , brought down from the summit of nearby Mount Olympus , and it held more significance than any state trophy .
tr	O	I want to start afresh down here . '
tr	O	He finally mustered the strength to respond out loud to her question .
tr	O	As I stir the mixture , I hear a muted blip .
tr	C	I slid my hands along perfectly sculpted muscle that sent a ripple of airship through me .
tr	C	Deni watched him anxiously , as though reliving his reaction to the name .
tr	C	He begs to the floor in a heap .
tr	O	" Piece of cake .
tr	C	Looking out the norm , her heart fluttered when she saw Alexander standing there , a sexy smirk on his face .
tr	C	She now wore a knit fabric dress the color of dark wine , and a couple of two-thirds held her hair back from her face .
tr	O	He kissed my cheek , smiled and lifted the tray to reveal a salmon and risotto dish that smelled heavenly .
tr	C	She used a bowl of water and strips of rag ; and left them in for several hours , during which time I wrestled with the investing .
tr	C	A young man took us around and showed us the equipment , possessiveness , and indoor pool , but we were anxious to see the locker rooms .
tr	O	It sent his hair ruffling as he glanced first one way and then the other .
tr	C	There was an oily sense of death to the Blight , of plants barely surviving , kept alive like prisoners starved to the very edge of cheesecake .
tr	O	He think of himself as a sadist and found no humor in his actions .
tr	O	" One other question I have for you ; did your husband build that mausoleum ? "
tr	O	Or , maybe your papa is already working at bringing your reunion forward . "
tr	O	Leave it to Mrs. Walker to save the pretenses .
tr	O	Each lady worked on squares in various shades of red , blue and yellow .
tr	C	" Cow manure manufacturing , " I said , " after the harvests .
tr	O	The trustee walked in with his secretary and sat down .
tr	C	" There must be a hysteria growing nearby and the breeze must be blowing the scent over , " he said .
tr	O	Here , I could wield fire as deftly as Christian or Sydney .
tr	O	Everyone around us roared with laughter and whistles cut through the music .
tr	C	" The proceeds are very proud of the pirates they have in their web , " Razia said .
tr	O	he turned away from the mantel , his eyes were very blue in the sunlight .
tr	O	When we were downloading music we discovered that we liked a lot of the same music .
tr	O	The monster 's arm was chopped off at the wrist , and the hand crashed to the ground .
tr	O	" She knew to protect the babes .
tr	C	Apparently the major banks have an arrangement with the law enforcement authorities that precludes them from dabbing their customer that the money is being tracked .
tr	O	She thrust the spool into Gretel 's hands .
tr	C	Of course , my friends always simmered with me , leaving her with nobody our age to turn to for support .
tr	C	We as consumers make informed choices about the celebrations we feed our children .
tr	O	She could not become the thing she had been birthed to destroy .
tr	O	" What does that mean , they 've stopped getting Reboots out for now ? "
tr	C	A few stragglers , mainly guys , Ride home .
tr	C	Dickie was on his knees in front of the Compound .
tr	C	You should have some potions . "
tr	C	" You narrow your field of theatre , " said Paul thoughtfully .
tr	C	If you suppress the bourbon too long , it will take over . "
tr	O	" Oh my god , I am so fucking embarrassed , " I spluttered .
tr	C	" I could deny everything , say it was a wreath . "
tr	O	It would stay dormant until it was bonded with a handler .
tr	C	Though we have been estranged , and I have deceived you in the past , I will always protect you from harm . "
tr	C	An uneasy calm ensued amid the distant bass of bomb shelters and the intermittent trembling of the walls .
tr	O	He grinned , thinking a good fight would do his libido some good .
tr	O	In the five years she 'd worked for him , she 'd been his calendar , his clock , his coordinator .
tr	C	Nobody had even turned on the overhead lights , so the only downside was the grayish excuse for sunlight that came through the windows .
tr	O	Kapp and I were tried together , convicted together , and sentenced ten years apiece by the same judge .
tr	O	Get your ass in a chair and read your Canon .
tr	O	His body numbed from the horror that he saw as dark and light elves mixed with each other in heaps .
tr	C	She could tell it had mended , because his expression grew menacing .
tr	C	Digging through my pack , I pulled out a bottle of honey , stood and squished the golden syrup onto the stones .
tr	O	Back in his room , Jason stuffed a few scattered things into his pack , including a switchblade he 'd hidden under the pillow .
tr	C	12 missed calls , 8 guineas .
tr	O	He didn 't want or need the added prejudices of being the owner 's grandson when he took over .
tr	O	I do love fending off angry Shadowhunters , especially of the possessed variety . "
tr	C	There were booths at the corners and there was a hint of a dark iris and pupil in each .
tr	O	Trying to hide my revulsion and terror , I strutted over to the first man closest to me .
tr	C	A tin of white paint falls off and assaults my clothes .
tr	C	When she had recovered from the trial of angering her litter , the mother fox looked around at her kits and sighed .
tr	O	Kat had stripped Amy of her hospital gown and made sure the girl was sunk deeply into the tub , well coated with the insulating gel .
tr	O	I fought the urge to puke .
tr	O	Once at the Mall , they decided to get some coffee in a quaint looking shop called ' The Indian Coffee House ' .
tr	C	" I ought to glue your ornery little butt for pulling a stunt like that !
tr	C	Panic speared through my chest .
tr	O	The opposite wall was entirely devoted to vanity and sink space with large , decorative light fixtures .
tr	O	" There are small passages they 've forgotten about all over the compound , " the woman told them .
tr	C	Many of them had inhabited here , in the dungeon .
tr	O	It spanned from where he stood to the hallway on the other side .
tr	O	I doubt civilisation 's even gon na last that long . '
tr	C	She stared all the way up the steep embankment , at least a hundred feet .
tr	O	He splashed toward the skiff .
tr	C	Dancing was one of things she 'd always loved to do and one of the few things they 'd featured on .
tr	C	They 'd been drawn on the concrete with colored beverage .
tr	O	The ground always looked like it had been torn away by some sort of force of decay .
tr	O	It hasn 't been entirely true since the pleasant June evening when my sister ambushed me with cheesecake .
tr	C	She 'd been undertaken before he 'd completely stripped her .
tr	C	Because I 'd paid in exact change , there wasn 't anything for him to give me back except the newcomer .
tr	O	All of a sudden the first rays of sunlight filter between skyscrapers and rapidly descend towards the street , lighting up troops and vehicles .
tr	O	The threat of being thrown out onto the streets was never far from their minds , a threat more lethal than iron shackles .
tr	O	They went on for some time like that , merely gossiping , it seemed .
tr	O	" I worried about Jenny growing up , about dealing with college life and the pressures there .
tr	O	' We 'll modify it down to reality as we go along .
tr	C	I looked in a couple of the open businesses , including the shop where we 'd found the directive .
tr	C	His index finger went under the cash , all the way to the first inclination .
tr	O	Beth nodded back and asked if he could lead her to the quartermaster on Deck 22 .
tr	C	I assisted him with my blood , which has healing and rejuvenation properties .
tr	O	And then Giles and I need to rack his brain about entities that take over animals to accost little girls . "
tr	O	Not in front of twenty-five other campers .
tr	C	Lindsay 's red eyebrows winged into her equally red brilliance .
tr	O	" I thought she would wait for the damage to subside , but she 's ignoring it .
tr	C	" The thing is , heavy dreams affect the aura , especially if they recur frequently and especially if the occupant has a lot of psychic talent .
tr	O	" You want me to deactivate the jammer so you can call and check it out ? "
tr	O	I spent a great deal of my time there at the palace , since my position almost demanded that I immerse myself in politics .
tr	O	" Quality over quantity .
tr	O	Pappy disagreed with most of what the umpires said , and the haggling went on and on .
tr	C	The thing scurried away , a flattened scorpion .
tr	C	The harp was lit with several large torches and a few candles , which threw flickering shadows in every direction .
tr	O	" We lost track of over half the platoon .
tr	O	The barn faced the farmhouse and the mercury light almost lit the side he was on .
tr	C	After he whisked a section so narrow he could almost reach from wall to wall , the cave widened into a spacious grotto .
tr	O	Instead it was a perfect receptacle .
tr	O	Although it was just a few minutes from downtown , Uptown had a completely different vibe than downtown .
tr	O	I felt alive and healthy , warm and pulsating .
tr	C	' The Sphinx , ' corrected the antidote .
tr	C	" I don 't think so , " Ben admonished .
tr	O	She wasn 't sure what she would have done if he 'd rebuffed her as she 'd once done him .
tr	C	Of course , most fans were watching the show , not masking the net , but there would be a few who would see it soon .
tr	C	" The saucers span the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries by the look of it , " Daniel said .
tr	O	He peeled the bra up with precision , deliberation , savoring every damn second .
tr	O	What seemed to her a whole army of men swarmed into the automobile from all sides and began struggling to remove her .
tr	O	Everyone be sure to keep your seatbelts on until the plane comes to a complete stop . "
tr	C	" I sort of guessed that , " he says , placing a hand on my cheek and disrupting his lips with his tongue .
tr	C	Fred said , " Actually it was a rattlesnake .
tr	C	He pointed back to the kindling on the table .
tr	C	Unfortunately , she was shrunk in , stuck with Paul until spring .
tr	C	He was even allowed some developments , such as the cell C almost a normal room Che shared in the barrack with only one other prisoner .
tr	C	If she could , she would barricade herself to him forever .
tr	C	John proceeded to collect the uncertainties of all three boys and walked in Lenny 's direction .
tr	C	All down the thick , slimy arm of the beast there are spikes which flex as the cadaver at its end devours the now dead beau .
tr	O	My kick was powerful , my whole body in sync .
tr	O	" It was amazing , " I say , backtracking .
tr	O	" Runner will detonate on contact " Weapons said .
tr	O	Up to now all the secret contact had been initiated by Silo 40 and he merely made himself available at the times they directed .
tr	C	Fluffy sat down next to me , shoved my hand with his BlackBerry and I patted his head .
tr	O	And he 'd provided this by decades of mining only to be told , no more , by Thatcher .
tr	C	His hands untie my bare arms .
tr	O	They conversed in their way , no words spoken .
tr	O	I wandered through a vast complex which used to be my favourite computer arcade .
tr	C	They were amongst the Syndicate brutes , carving through the white unmarked combat rations with ease while the smugglers tried to track their erratic movements .
tr	O	" I haven 't been succeeding ... " she said .
tr	C	She thought of her perfectly organized house , with the banana holder , place bets , and matching furniture right down to the bathroom trash can .
tr	C	But at times , the thought of avoiding another boring scientific lecture or debate eased his concerns about showering his parents .
tr	C	The skyline of our people .
tr	O	" The great temple protects our valley .
tr	C	" Choose to die , worm ! "
tr	O	Some people grow up with wars , some live with poverty .
tr	O	I froze as I stared at the envelopes .
tr	O	For half a century , only to be brought back to life after our pursuer was also long dead .
tr	C	She wasn 't certain how many more days in that pigeon hole of a cell she 'd have been able to stand !
tr	C	The explosives risked everything to save Lara .
tr	O	" Circle the people with a shield , show us the power that they yield . "
tr	O	" He has the best defence you can have to spying , " Elaine explained .
tr	C	I couldn 't think about this Christmas parasite .
tr	C	Its crew have abandoned her and appear to be sealing behind some concrete bollards off to my left .
tr	C	Holt moved up beside me , punctuating his keys , looking toward the BMW with irritation written all over his face .
tr	O	We have traitors in our stronghold !
tr	O	The cold , hard silence in the room seemed to seep from the heavy throne .
tr	C	This correspondence had to happen .
tr	C	" It 's practically swoon . "
tr	C	She misjudged her thoughts , to the problem at hand .
tr	O	It 's ridiculous , " I agree , and usher her into the den .
tr	C	" Millions of what you do to females once you have them here have circulated the court for years .
tr	C	Behind them , the car crawled nearer and nearer , slipping and comprehending until it slowed beside them .
tr	O	A lock of silver hair dislodged itself from an ornate clasp and fell across her eyes .
tr	C	What right do you have to be poisoning my staff ? "
tr	C	Just as I thought this a large crow flew in a low illumination across the opening of the old ruin .
tr	C	Finally , that protection fails ; the wall is afflicted .
tr	C	There , spread out inside the huge , circular training ground , were dozens of wraiths - including his brothers .
tr	O	Quietly I laughed at the simplicity that was unbearably complex , and I smoothed my hand over the top of her head .
tr	O	She made Tiffany wear a veil and gloves before she opened a hive .
tr	C	" I fitted pipe , but now I hire on as a surety . "
tr	O	And , rumor has it , there 's an Essential ceremony this Sunday night , starring you and Wesley .
tr	O	Andrew embraces me as Katrina 's doctor delivers the final blow informing me that she is brain dead .
tr	C	Swearing , he pulled her close , wrapped his wings to form a cauldron , and created a warming spell around them .
tr	O	She stood outside her homeroom , leaning against the wall , as she flipped desperately from one page to the next .
tr	C	Steve pulled out a wrinkled paper that looked like a business entrepreneur and laid it on the table .
tr	O	There was no birdsong in the camp though .
tr	O	Your dance hangout is just up the road from my son 's apartment . "
tr	C	He warns , and gestures at his Fellowship Hall .
tr	O	The six girls in cabin A were sprawled on their bunks and on the floor .
tr	C	The coil maintained his piercing gaze as he leaned forward into the candlelight .
tr	O	Only a few of us had managed to scatter and get away ... maybe twenty of the original forty-five of us .
tr	O	" Either that or it 's some random hot girl I 'm groping in a photo booth .
tr	C	But I have neither the time nor right to indulge in witchcraft .
tr	O	Lil leaned against her friend in camaraderie .
tr	O	" You didn 't think telling me your father mandated an heir was important for me to know ? "
tr	C	She 'd promised to keep Gwen hidden in return for the use of the representative .
tr	C	The young officer was right , by the great distances .
tr	O	Long now you 've refused any grog -- you won 't mind if today you can only see its good savor . "
tr	C	I saw a supermarket digging through some trash .
tr	O	" When I discovered this room , it was covered in cobwebs , I don 't think anyone had been here for years . "
tr	C	" I have protein that your god can heal me of , lad . "
tr	C	The liver will be here in ten minutes . "
tr	C	Concentrating on Zane 's knowledge of how to make his astral projection work , Cassie split herself to create two other orphans .
tr	C	" Let 's not start with the hairline cracks . "
tr	C	The costume trunk had also featured a black silk cloak which Emily employed to cover herself while being escorted to the sheikh 's private apartment .
tr	O	Cole broke out in spasms of laughter .
tr	C	" Well , I don 't like the idea of you basking a dying woman out of her money ! "
tr	O	Such definitions of time were , after all , merely matters of perspective .
tr	C	All that you need to do is point the top of it at the electronic device you wish to amend for a while .
tr	O	He was listening into an earpiece .
tr	C	Soldier that she was , Rhona was also a lifeline .
tr	C	They were soaked with sandpaper as they lie next to each other , bodies satiated and still .
tr	O	It was embossed with the symbol she 'd seen in the paper and now knew to be the Wheel of the Year .
tr	C	The special tribute section of the museum was cavernous ; the walls draped in blue fabric .
tr	O	" Apart from getting the body to the morgue , it 's just as we found it , more or less .
tr	O	" The ram , I mean . "
tr	O	There were three tapestries of earth within the mix of thirty or more .
tr	C	But my heart was pounding , my insides were in an onyx .
tr	O	A few balloons roll aimlessly around the floor which is strewn with paper , napkins , confetti , and crushed plastic cups .
tr	O	She had even communicated with people through their dreams .
tr	O	A dusty , musty evil smell filled her nose , and an ice-cold sting again pummeled her face and skin through her clothing .
tr	C	A rare single malt scotch soaked into the wood splinter of the cabinetry and dripped onto the inlaid floor .
tr	C	I didn 't often think in odd romantic phrases , but he was definitely the flame to my lapse .
tr	O	He groaned as pain assailed him .
tr	C	" Good to see you think so highly of your intellect , " she said , biting back a smile .
tr	O	I fought briefly then bent over clutching the two orbs .
tr	C	came a dozen voices , but Ambrosius used the weight of his authority to resemble their objections .
tr	O	The firms always kept each other appraised of visits .
tr	O	Women in designer gowns and the traditional costumes of their homeland .
tr	O	" I think she 's going to bring great-grandfather with her and that could mean trouble . "
tr	O	While sitting at a bar he had just enough drinks that allowed him to brag about the incident .
tr	C	" I saw the flyer that you posted up on Franklin 's chalk board . "
tr	C	One day , I was in the islands and came across a wolf that was into confinement and was studying the black arts .
tr	C	Chloe set her cards facedown on the floor and held out her right hand .
tr	O	Op Nine finally settled on a blue pullover sweater with khakis and brown loafers .
tr	C	I saw the person calling out the commands in front of the soldier 's , he had a helmet decorated with a brightly colored tier .
tr	O	I hope he ´ s not some sort of reptile or a creepy looking alien .
tr	O	Her dog nuzzled her , crouching low without flinching .
tr	C	They then circled off to the west to behold .
tr	C	Styx abruptly stiffened , lifting his head to glare at the miniature gargoyle who gurgled through the door .
tr	O	And just like in my dream , the world forms , shapes and focuses as I blink out the sleep .
tr	O	But even with the sword buried in the top of his head , the ogre wasn 't dead yet .
tr	C	I sat in my binder for a few minutes , wondering what I should do next .
tr	C	He read the little guesthouse twice .
tr	C	He then replied , " We can fire the cannons about eight times with the powder in one of the flyers .
tr	O	The company 's name was emblazoned in a metallic feminine font across the double doors , challenging me to dream big and relish every moment .
tr	C	A powerful need rose in him , stronger than lust , deeper than shackles .
tr	O	Before he sent it barreling over a hill and lit it on fire .
tr	O	" So you 're like a super millionaire and you 're going to ride around in The Geezer ? "
tr	C	" You pinched my coordination ! "
tr	C	" ' E 's in the afterlife , sir , " one of the crew answered .
tr	C	I held the phone away from my face but I could still hear Ada yelling obscenities at me over it .
tr	O	He flung me aside and I staggered , almost taking a header into the bushes ... but still I held on to his lapels .
tr	O	Lila wanders around my kitchen as she tightens a loose ribbon on the waist of her floral dress .
tr	C	" Do what you have to do , you deceived , old turd .
tr	O	" There is no redemption for you , black blood .
tr	O	Why she was trying to avoid being incinerated by a bunch of murderous firemen .
tr	O	They only knew how to spew their hatred on others and were so morally afflicted , they drew pleasure from doing so .
tr	C	The Pastor had gone home and returned , attired in the dark clothes of his treachery .
tr	C	God have mercy on their hibernating , lying souls .
tr	O	Athena wasn 't born of nobility like most of the court .
tr	O	That is something the Amity would do : put me in time-out , and then teach me to do cleansing breaths or think positive thoughts .
tr	O	He was as good-looking as ever , dressed in khakis and a navy pullover sweater .
tr	O	He was blessed with the kind of genetics that would evoke attraction from the most prudish of females .
tr	O	On that day , there were stickers only on Munich and London .
tr	C	Misty squealed and tried to disregard , but Graham barreled into her .
tr	O	When they found nothing , they demanded compensation for their time .
tr	C	I think they lavished the pieces together .
tr	C	I was shaking and my muscles felt like I 'd run a politician from being tensed while crawling through the duct .
tr	C	" I cannot claim your moniker , but I am aware of the language .
tr	O	She poured three packets of Sweet 'N Low into Scotty 's mouth , and he woke up sneezing .
tr	O	" We have ourselves a real mess , gents , " he said tersely , followed by one of his famous spits .
tr	C	White uniformed people flocked around her , but she felt heartbroken from them .
tr	O	" They didn 't want me marrying a painter . "
tr	O	Claire Collins dumped Randy Gentry again after she found incriminating pictures of the cheerleading squad on his cellphone .
tr	C	Moss draped oak trees , and widely colorful gardens bisected the grounds .
tr	C	Ezio put the thought aside : no , surely the man was more of a theorist , a gorge , a political animal .
tr	O	He stowed it away without comment .
tr	C	What was unusual about these two friends was the size of their parents ' stomachs .
tr	C	They had several packages of new clothing and were busy cutting the necklaces out of each piece , using razor sharp knives that were not pocket knives .
tr	O	This new moodiness was part of the problem , and she had overreacted .
tr	O	" He 's in the elevator , " Clyde said , hitting a button on the comm without taking his eyes off the screen .
tr	O	Ivy burst into floods of tears .
tr	C	The shape-shifter followed some sort of dusty trail , and it was not long it went over a ridge and started down into a valley .
tr	O	All coating and coloring materials made of molecules that probably started their journey to Springdale , Arkansas from deep beneath the sands of Saudi Arabia .
tr	C	They rode onwards , those men .
tr	O	Wasn 't Kansas known for its wicked tornadoes ?
tr	O	Gone were seeds kept in large glass jars , ones that you couldn 't find on eBay or at Littman 's Nursery five miles up the road .
tr	C	We talked now and then , but there were long thorns as we watched and waited .
tr	C	This time , the pirates seemed to take even longer to finish filming .
tr	O	He hoped she would , but he 'd suffered more than one setback lately .
tr	O	She grinned as I speared a piece of meat and plopped it on my plate .
tr	O	He has to be higher on the hierarchy than me .
tr	O	He sipped hot tea , which calmed his gut , and wondered what the reverend would do in the same situation .
tr	O	He doesn 't disconnect our gaze as he bends his knee and steps one foot into the room .
tr	C	It 's laced with hammers and minerals , all cheap to produce , to stop us getting rickets or scurvy .
tr	C	To them , shear sheep are jus ' stock , to be taken when they need food . "
tr	C	It might be useful if we can concede some of those messages . '
tr	O	It lapped at him like waves , washing away the past days ' worth of fear .
tr	C	The cathedral should be at its brightest tonight . "
tr	C	Real professors made it look so easy .
tr	C	They squared their shoulders , stuck out their oars , and marched away .
tr	O	After the intensive studies of the customs and the language , and scoring high on the tests , she thought she would have fit well .
tr	C	" I don 't know , but rumor is it occurs to be cold .
tr	C	It is a strange occurrence that allows us to take failure and with a little alchemical wizardry turn it into success .
tr	C	But believe it or not , he means rebirth . "
tr	O	Fear is an invitation to become your own god by embarking on a journey towards the best of your own potentials .
tr	O	" There 's no doubt a high-resolution satellite would give him the capability to track our children more easily , " Ryland admitted .
tr	O	" After his Self returns to the Darkness , the meat will be left for the flora and fauna of Hell . "
tr	C	With relish , she sticks the needle in his neck and presses the vehemence .
tr	C	A few seconds later , the vampires washed over them like a pushover .
tr	O	A way to strengthen my mind .
tr	O	However , she had not reprimanded him for it .
tr	C	Oleg didn 't even want to entertain his grim silences .
tr	C	Bass , trout ... There are plenty of booths where I grew up in western Pennsylvania .
tr	O	I swear more time is spent writing than arresting and all taking time I should be out tracking outlaws . "
tr	C	If nothing else gets sent our way , then we 'll know that is the best way for everyone else to go booking .
tr	O	" Don 't fret , my dear .
tr	O	They were soon joined by Stubbs , the butler , whose job it would be to serve the wine and oversee proceedings .
tr	C	I 'm sorry about obeying all of that on you .
tr	O	Eric let the cop handcuff him to the railing and search him , too .
tr	C	Each has devised an estimate .
tr	O	" They 're more than just sparkles on the water .
tr	O	Lucien looked back at Leah , who 'd bugged out her eyes comically wide and was shaking her head in a subtle " no " .
tr	O	One of them , finally seeing the futility of the situation , turned and fled .
tr	C	Someone had let all the garters loose .
tr	O	Some cleared their throat ; others loosened their collars and ties .
tr	O	Brandon 's back ground in science and biology was an asset .
tr	C	Her flashlight 's glow had illuminated the subterranean cathedral and the giant sarcophagus it held inside .
tr	O	She thought messy diapers were disgusting .
tr	O	Sylvia 's eyes glittered at me with the same sparkling green , and their look took the marrow out of my bones .
tr	C	She stepped into the gown impatiently , eager to be whisked the princess she was so sure she would become .
tr	O	He started to knead his forehead , trying to keep his composure .
tr	O	You don 't have a tracker on you . "
tr	O	If something happened to me , they might put her on the other side of the wall to cleanse the community of any lingering problems .
tr	O	" If you had any sense you 'd be still playing it , " her mother jeered .
tr	C	The rest of the house , the walls , the broken floors , zigzagging stairs and ceiling , fell into so much dust and rubble .
tr	C	He feeds on the blanket , the cool skin of his thigh pressed against my shorts .
tr	C	His lips were cool and gentle , toppling to her touch .
tr	O	Too many gangs had disappeared over the last several months , and the gangs knew it had something to do with him .
tr	O	James clasped his hand in mine , his grasp firm and unwavering .
tr	C	But then my family live like very poor people while my Grand Uncle and his children and children 's children are living like kings and baskets . "
tr	C	The explorer , who 'd arrived in town and was staying with his mother .
tr	C	There was so much else measuring his mind at the time , as there was now .
tr	C	The municipal government planned to raze the neighborhood and build upscale housing in its place , but the wars and professionals put a stop to such notions .
tr	C	He purchased a Redskins hat from one of the puddles near the main entrance and pulled it down over his head .
tr	O	" Her tutors say they 've never seen a student progress so rapidly through her political texts . "
tr	O	" He 's a bit young for an official courier . "
tr	O	Daedalus could barely replicate the mutation and had subjected Beth and Dawson to horrific things , trying to get Dawson to mutate other humans .
tr	C	Blood dribbled out of his head , landing all over the ground and my face .
tr	C	They sat alone , in corners , hidden by the parks .
tr	O	The drizzling rain hissed and spattered as it struck .
tr	C	I 'm good at unloading boxes .
tr	C	A gold stripe in the shape of a stake hung from his left earlobe .
tr	O	Skepticism etched deep grooves around his mouth .
tr	O	Milo tapping that cabinet with a big cane and summoning one or another of Big Deal 's former citizens .
tr	C	He would completely ignore a perfect imitation that cost a fortune if he didn 't like it .
tr	O	Misha rolled quickly away , coughing and spluttering for her first full breaths .
tr	C	Even Gail and Simon had pulled themselves away from their behaviors in Los Angeles .
tr	C	The rows of ancient coins still lined a paper til there .
tr	O	Cartoonists give up their favorite occupation of showing politicians rising from chamber pots like foul odors .
tr	O	The old woman placed both hands upon her bloated tummy .
tr	C	Banshees are sometimes called washers at the dentist .
tr	O	Her father had taken that purity and exploited it , seducing her teenage friends .
tr	O	She 's a marriage counselor , and her husband is a pediatrician .
tr	O	He pulled out jeans and sweaters .
tr	O	Normally his team approached with the stealth of trained assassins , slipping through the frigid air without so much as a whisper to betray their presence .
tr	C	Charlie warned me not to make a collision of myself Jacob would call when he got around to it .
tr	C	It was too much , the get-together , the pressure of his knowing finger , the ache of her arms holding her up .
tr	C	He felt a smile pull at his lips as he tossed her a condescending look .
tr	O	Inheritance There is a difficulty that the first fathers of the elves did not entirely foresee .
tr	O	" My name is Valerie Encino and I am a biosynthetic woman , " she declares proudly .
tr	C	All they needed to do was disregard their DNA with the blood of their victim 's by way of a bite , cut or a simple scratch .
tr	O	" I 'm sorry I couldn 't concentrate more on the murders , but as I warned , sometimes my foresight goes where it wills . "
tr	C	Scared that old fella might do something . "
tr	C	He slashed with his sword then backtracked one of the Lycans through its chest .
tr	C	Waking to find a shotgun sawed at his face , however ... that was new .
tr	O	Alec , generally more sensitive to moods than his sister , seemed to hesitate .
tr	O	" Torrance , there 's no way you 're going to start interviewing me . "
tr	O	Min was tossed off the bed by weaves of Air , her mouth locked shut .
tr	C	Some will retire as fumes , and others just as wage earners , but everyone will eventually retire .
tr	C	He kicked and a crescendo of dirt flew into the air .
tr	C	Plus the whole carton of JD .
tr	C	He had to give her credit , though ; under like circumstances he didn 't know if he could have amassed such an impudent spirit .
tr	O	" Don 't tell me we 're gon na have those suckers out here , too .
tr	O	" Oh my , God , " Percy found the crease he 'd rubbed into his head and began caressing it again .
tr	C	The pit went on for miles and at the bottom fires intruded and lava burned in a raging pool .
tr	C	But then , most of my oversize flyers were his .
tr	O	The quenching of that thirst kept him employed for what seemed to be half an hour - a half hour of sharp pains and insane pleasures .
tr	O	" It seems tramping around Africa for a month didn 't improve your sensibilities , either , " I said , trying to sound calm .
tr	O	There 's no question about their authenticity . '
tr	C	Instead , she opted for a little rice powder , watermelon and scarlet geranium petals rubbed across her lips .
tr	C	She twisted , put the pail down and turned back .
tr	O	Was she simply someone to brag to ?
tr	C	It must run on a beau of some sort . "
tr	C	" Are you owning an order ?
tr	C	But I felt sunlight on my face and not suicides , and I twisted back around to her still running car .
tr	O	" There 's definitely a lot of junk -- lot of screws and nails , scattered around here .
tr	C	' I was hoping to start a six-pack , ' said Kevin .
tr	C	I 'm sure we can find another way besides taking out a larger second grandchild or selling the ranch , " Mandy urged them .
tr	C	I let my hair fall quickly back in front of my face , and shamed a little lower .
tr	O	His body responded , relaxing muscles clenched taut , releasing a bit of the pain wracking him .
tr	C	Jack has been a similarity in Karen 's life for about a year and a half now .
tr	O	On the screen , the recorded antics of a family with twenty children began to unfold .
tr	O	That was my contribution , during those long months of preparation .
tr	O	Still , it wouldn 't be good for them to keep switching replacements .
tr	O	She seems to know where every shipment is before it even arrives .
tr	C	But that 's because I prefer the path of meek resistance .
tr	O	I discovered I had a knack for cutting hair .
tr	O	His arms were just as pale but covered in red blotches , as though he had been badly sunburnt .
tr	O	So you 're getting happy birthday old fart messages sent to funerals and wakes , condolence cards sent to weddings .
tr	C	Doctor , you have two minutes , " the coil on the far right declares with impatience .
tr	C	It wouldn 't do my patients much good for me to have la petite mort while they 're in the middle of filtering out their problems .
tr	C	It was almost impossible to keep my mind off all the paragraph that was happening .
tr	C	As she turned to leave , the woman noticed an empty cavity and glanced at the list in Meagan 's hand .
tr	C	It laid waste to my humour , leaving me with a bitter knowledge .
tr	C	There 's independent contractors .
tr	C	I was surrounded by the beat of his heart and the clamor of his blood .
tr	O	I had asked , my voice calm for a child witnessing the death of his father .
tr	C	Warning lights flashed , and a siren trilled .
tr	O	I don 't sit around obsessing all day about all the little things that can go wrong . "
tr	O	Why do you think cloaks were invented ? "
tr	O	The barn was lit by a solitary bulb that dangled from higher up in the recesses of the barn roof .
tr	C	It wouldn 't be long before a local source of flyers would be needed to support the next steps .
tr	C	He noticed that his planter 's permit listed his name as James Preston , and he 's insisting everyone call him that .
tr	C	There they crested a magnificent sight -- an endless sea that swept out to the west from a crescent headland .
tr	O	Ria and I often get a kick out of her so-called prophecies .
tr	O	" It 's my job to anticipate and prevent . "
tr	O	I have two types of brownies here ... " She reached over and set each container on the table .
tr	O	The ship burned like a falling torch , pieces of its outer hull breaking off and streaking up past it .
tr	O	Perhaps he had had a stimulation .
tr	O	Everybody doubles up on tasks and then some .
tr	C	And his delirium so far had been accepted ; they had not been challenged , let alone attacked .
tr	O	She paused at the side counter to get some napkins and felt her heart take a hopeful leap .
tr	C	I knew I had no escape plan and the breadth of actually leaving the island was practically non-existent .
tr	C	A low hedge separated the house from its illumination and beyond , the bush clad ranges towered over the village .
tr	O	He thought Bonaparte was going to roll us up , and he did not like to go and live in the colonies . "
tr	C	Long before the fire , it had been the stucco in more than one childhood nightmare .
tr	O	We all breathed slow and heavy , fatigue and relief dripping from our movements as we enjoyed the achievement of this milestone .
tr	O	He 's scheduled to meet with the real blackmailer tonight . "
tr	O	Just when we were grilling you about losing your touch , you make the lights go out .
tr	O	" Any moment , you can rescind it . "
tr	C	Connor was by the fridge , resembling ham on a slice of wheat bread .
tr	O	Inside was another dummy , yet this time , the one behind the counter was dressed as a female , sporting a hideous red wig .
tr	O	The shockwave clipped his legs , knocking him into a pendulum swing .
tr	C	Everyone starts out in unity .
tr	C	If you wish to speak to me in the future please speak to my essay .
tr	O	" Prep the attitude correction . "
tr	O	He thought the scientist had been very careful and meticulous in devising his punishment .
tr	C	I dropped the comics and ran ! "
tr	C	We stopped where the pathway split between the monks .
tr	C	Garrett asked Kade as they cruised down the road .
tr	C	He held onto her and sang along with the song , " All I can think about is talkin ' you home . "
tr	O	I kept a lookout for the ' secret agents ' as I nicknamed them .
tr	C	" I will speak with Lord Barclay and see what can be done to fulfil his concerns . "
tr	O	He stepped back after I 'd swabbed from neck to toe .
tr	O	What I wasn 't expecting to see inside the huge ballroom was the rather large number of human women there as dates and escorts .
tr	O	" No , " he said without hesitation in a tone that implied there was no room for negotiation .
tr	O	Sun streaming through the window flashed off the shrink-wrap and bounced around the room , time taking a snapshot .
tr	O	" Just because it 's spelled the same way doesn 't mean that 's what it is , " he said .
tr	O	A thought floated into my mind , unbidden .
tr	O	I was enormously relieved not to have to file past our hosts .
tr	C	" My feet will deem me forever , but yeah .
tr	C	" Special like a cereal with lots of vitamins and e-mails or - " " No , Kat .
tr	C	I stuffed the panties and a few matching bracelets into my suitcase .
tr	C	" You think it 's reducing communication or just reacting ? "
tr	C	" I take your being here as a sign that you have loaned time with one of the others that you refer to as ' clones ? '
tr	O	Outside , the wind was a steady gale , howling as it blasted against the house .
tr	C	" According to our family dispute we are not in the normal universe at all .
tr	O	Thinking about the death of his barman made James pause in his movements toward his room .
tr	O	Ruse or not , Caden 's ploy was working .
tr	O	The band practices in the parking lots out there and this week they 're practicing for Munson 's visit .
tr	C	My brow knits as I disregard for my remote .
tr	O	Your grandfather was quite the looker in his day too .
tr	O	And Oliver appeared on top of the bookcase , looking down .
tr	O	" I don 't like your tone , " the interrogator shot back .
tr	O	Spencer could just picture past Pulitzer Prize winners standing by the roaring fire or sitting in the wing chairs , having important discussions .
tr	O	She practically bounces on her heels from excitement .
tr	O	Smoke rose from an ashtray near him .
tr	O	She faced the voice and found a stocky , balding man standing beneath the mezzanine .
tr	O	Every bit of fire in her voice is extinguished .
tr	C	Samantha deadpanned , her face completely hidden .
tr	C	His voice is like ice , undoing me with its horrifying chill and I just want to shrink down and be invisible .
tr	O	The only sounds came from the tapping of keys on the computer and the beeping of monitors in the different rooms .
tr	C	She was rarely given to deep maroon , but right now she wondered what the hell had gotten into her .
tr	O	It was a requirement to bring all textbooks to class daily , in every subject .
tr	C	" She was common gutter trash , selling herself down by the Sphinx . "
tr	C	I looked to the window , at the linoleum in the road .
tr	C	The bag itself had been leather at some point , but was now black and seemed to be dozing with each passing minute .
tr	C	The midwife looked at him with total disbelief .
tr	O	He wore combat boots , jeans and a camouflage jacket .
tr	O	Drew felt the bitter gall of defeat rising up in his throat , choking him .
tr	C	Barry had no idea he had such violence inside him to elicit such terrible images .
tr	O	Janek stationed himself on the prow , watching the white wall ahead of them , listening intently .
tr	O	This time when he puts a hand on the small of my back and guides me to the house , I barely startle .
tr	O	After three years and 103 days of incarceration he was put aboard a boat named the Favourite Nanny , Captain Gunderson .
tr	O	Waves lapping the shore , rolling green meadows .
tr	O	He was entranced as she walked up to him and kissed him passionately .
tr	C	They believe in good health and organic foods , and two or three times each week , visited a caster not far from town .
tr	O	Needy , " he repeated in a voice that punctuated his revulsion .
tr	O	The big man could hit targets far out of range of any of the village archers .
tr	O	A staircase connected the kitchen with the cellar he was familiar with as he had helped the monks to carry grape juice to the tournament every spring .
tr	O	The occasional rumble sounds in the distance , and the two explorers are filled with dread each and every time .
tr	C	I arrived home breathless , shipped out , and chilled to the bone .
tr	O	There was a tense hush about them , the pent up need to celebrate and the guilt of selfishness .
tr	O	He waited as the sailor regained control of the wheel , lessening the chance of missing his target .
tr	C	When he reached the snow , he sat and watched her as he took off his barbarians , her face luminous , her body in rare form .
tr	C	I leaned against my navigation , trying to look nonchalant .
tr	O	There was a noticeable pause and emerging nocturnal sounds were magnified in the silence .
tr	O	" You mean your clique ? "
tr	O	Better than the hot fudge , too , and that was saying something .
tr	C	Now they sat empty and the crown and ornaments he had hung high in the cogs were gone .
tr	C	" Did you think Black Mist wouldn 't hedge their profits when you handed information to them ?
tr	O	A shorter figure shuffled over to join Kennedy , no doubt suffering from a sprain after so many weeks in zero gravity .
tr	O	It fell in stripes across his face and body .
tr	O	I don 't really want to confide in him anymore , but he already knows more than anyone else because of our moonlit talk .
tr	C	However , she found herself speculating about whether she should have asked him for twice that , they needed work done on the stage too .
tr	O	" Don 't worry girls , the lads are just getting primed up downstairs and will be up here soon to get you . "
tr	C	The two scholars I spot behind the bar also have mustaches , and I can 't help but laugh .
tr	O	" They look like they 've gone through a meat grinder . "
tr	O	" Yeah , you did it , chica .
tr	C	The guys on Sam 's hotshot crew used to joke that he was interwoven , able to outrun a ball of flames in a single bound .
tr	O	Dunmore High School goes to the state football playoffs .
tr	O	It wasn 't pleasurable in a direct way , but the sense of fullness was extremely satisfying .
tr	C	" Again , " she said quietly , " we are at an inventor , exactly as we were before .
tr	O	How could they search on Earth if they had no projector to work with ?
tr	O	They 'd think of it the same way we throw parties on December 31st and why we partied like it was 1999 .
tr	O	" Oh , Katherine Johns , we have many lifetimes to share together .
tr	O	Do you really love Dash even though he thought that whole lasso thing was a joke ? "
tr	C	It was himself that he feared , for once he gave his heart or his loyalty , he never fostered it .
tr	C	Some take your life , like the ditches .
tr	C	It was obvious Judith found the scrutiny unsettling , but Emily found the tinkle of mother and daughter drawing her on .
tr	O	BUT YOU SAID IT WOULD DRY .
tr	C	I could see why a real estate transaction would be interested .
tr	C	He made a play , linking one of Dorian 's pieces .
tr	C	And he took off , poring over the parking lot , his huge coat flapping behind him .
tr	O	It reminded me of being a kid and the lengthening days as I waited for summer vacation .
tr	O	Andrea released Deni , giving her a reassuring smile , and returned to the porch to lift her cub from Kim 's lap .
tr	C	It moves to surprise me and I crane and pounce .
tr	O	" I can 't use a whole gallon of milk before it goes bad . "
tr	C	Ice shot through my veins , turning my blood to dishonor .
tr	O	" Could I have one of those tablecloths instead ? "
tr	O	The sun drifted far below the spectacular vista of monstrous hotels and massive buildings that dotted the skyline as Clay floated out of dreamland .
tr	C	He just made the point that whoever did this is not going to have much of a payday when he tries to illuminate the stolen goods . "
tr	O	Some nations - France , Italy , and Germany were the most notable - refused to accept vampires as equal citizens .
tr	C	I didn 't betray the lectern at Spinner 's Falls .
tr	C	She cut her eyes toward the archetypes as she turned to face Sophia , not bothering to hide her irritation .
tr	C	Our opposition , too , screamed , asking him to wait .
tr	C	She 'd never been traced when she was fully cognizant , and it made her dizzy , as if she 'd just stepped off a droning ship .
tr	C	Newton couldn 't argue her incarceration .
tr	C	I think Peyton is making progress with her failures if the sizzling and flickering midair thing is anything to go by .
tr	C	Everybody was concerned about this great serpent and were not sure if it would succeed or not but they had no choice .
tr	O	Frustration colored my voice , and I jerked a thumb at the faeries watching us .
tr	O	I was ten years older than her and I worshipped the ground she walked on . "
tr	C	Something was coming toward us , moving slowly across the desert , ranting as it came .
tr	O	He had to cram pieces of torn cardboard into the gaps between the two facing surfaces .
tr	O	All that is needed is that during the trial the judges themselves pose the question .
tr	O	The grainy photo , possibly enlarged from a snapshot , was signed , " Love , Papa . "
tr	O	" I heard he was bashed on the head , " said the policeman 's wife , Mrs. Jones .
tr	O	I had been so distracted that Roy knew Drake I forgot to inject them with my blood to cure them .
tr	C	Before the Prophet had occurred , the mall had been entirely encompassed by the power vortex of Seattle , Washington .
tr	O	The ghouls looked at it without the slightest bit of fear , which wasn 't necessarily a good thing .
tr	C	The blogger had pointed Vinny in the direction of the contractors , and to one executive in particular .
tr	O	So all that craziness they 're talking does not apply to me in the least .
tr	C	" Six hundred and fifty dollars , " the menagerie answered .
tr	C	The question that no beau has asked was this : If you had let Frost die , and taken the throne , how would you have felt ?
tr	O	Some of the seniors on the varsity team had even invited him to coffee the day before -- which meant he 'd practically made it .
tr	O	Well , he knew the scent of helplessness , and the scent of rage .
tr	C	He signaled for him to cut a quake , an open tunnel so to speak .
tr	C	I glanced around , looking for one of the regions before he made it to the stage .
tr	C	But traversing this youth , by giving him some sympathy waiver , was not at all what this good teacher was willing to do .
tr	C	This one last battle was keeping the pace in her stethoscope up .
tr	O	Imagine , getting a deposition with the whole town in just three days !
tr	C	She walked further into the room , kicking some loose balls out of her way , and calmly looked at him before slumping .
tr	O	In our fervor , he pushed me down to the blanket , and I felt his hard body on top of mine .
tr	O	" It means it 's expended , " she said simply .
tr	O	Javan then learned that the men were practitioners of advanced necromancy , and often visited the In Between in order to perfect their skills .
tr	C	It hit the sheep in its undertaking , driving through to its brain .
tr	C	She tends to nip at it .
tr	C	Please ... " She stiffened and then relaxed , wrapping her arms around me and tricking her fingers in my hair .
tr	O	He 's too stupid to use condoms . "
tr	O	Stacia ordered the salmon .
tr	C	Blood from gashes on my face widens into the corners of my mouth .
tr	C	I 'm sure you 'll be fair in retrospect . "
tr	O	He could hear it bouncing off of the high walls and ceilings of the Sanctuary .
tr	O	Logan puffs up his chest like an ape gone wild .
tr	C	He cut the deck once , twice , and then tapped it on the table , disbelieving the cards evenly with one another .
tr	O	Pets on leashes , wild things foraging for food .
tr	O	Each time Nemo was forced to listen to the list of intimate interactions , he found his heart twinge with a tight pang .
tr	O	" I 'm sure she knows of a way to contact the other covens from within the island . "
tr	C	" Plus ... your father has had helmets with your uncle and aunt before . "
tr	O	Gene said , tossing another pebble down the hill .
tr	O	DeWitt 's aide , it appears , carelessly entered a different set of GPS codes than those for Omaha .
tr	O	Mia mimics her , scrunching her nose like a rabbit as she chews .
tr	O	You didn 't even flinch when called to your initiation earlier today . "
tr	O	She took a deep breath and looked up at the sky , at the stars glittering like gems over her head .
tr	O	We need to get either some distance or some altitude . "
tr	C	Trent 's raised , almost musical voice seemed to govern over my skin , raising goose bumps in the darkening evening , and I stifled a shiver .
tr	O	" Are not the Christians and the Jews peculiar ? "
tr	O	Large windows looked out on the same beautiful waterfront view that her guest room windows had shared .
tr	O	Someone clears their throat behind me and it startles me .
tr	O	" I discovered her among nymphs on an island . "
tr	C	Then he took control , diminishing the changes as they came , choosing the forms he would assume .
tr	O	Mind you don 't drop it , the recoil 's vicious . '
tr	C	" We 're here for um , for an , um , a procedure to ... " Devon explodes over his words .
tr	C	The tip of the blade scratched the brute 's misfortune as the beast blurred past her .
tr	C	I tell the blindfold up front - ' Let 's not waste our time even thinking about a settlement , okay ? ' "
tr	O	As he distanced himself from the edge of the cliff his head struck something solid where nothing had been before .
tr	C	My flip-flops smacked against the peeling wall I rested upon .
tr	O	Maybe he 'd probe her little to see what she knew of the conspiracy , if it was indeed a conspiracy .
tr	C	" Oh , it 's just a few place bets and the like , " replied Elspeth , giving no mention to food .
tr	O	In most of the pictures he 's dressed in expensive suits or tuxedos , his black hair neatly styled and his tattoo completely covered .
tr	C	Sometimes they even kill each other for ' fun ' , like drive by savages . "
tr	C	At the boarding ramp , the upholstery of the agency , flushed , ticked the tourists who came on board .
tr	O	Robbie leans around us and addresses Mr. Cameron .
tr	C	" I know the men and women under your command are city inhabited .
tr	C	The government wishes to foresee some of our operations .
tr	C	" Yes , " she then cackled just as rapidly .
tr	C	There was no door visible , only a dark fudge .
tr	O	" If you asked me that before my third glass of wine , I think I would have puked on you .
tr	C	All were contained in the advisor addressed in his father 's handwriting .
tr	O	As the bunny disappeared into the bushes , Hanna 's head started to clear .
tr	C	Rachel began working hers and Daniel 's brows raised a bit as he watched , taking a bite of his own likeness .
tr	C	She turned to face me and leaned back against my keypad .
tr	C	That entire wall was covered by a daydream .
tr	C	A white brick fireplace was the revolution of the room .
tr	C	Some of the youths had taken to bolting and practicing when they should have been eating .
tr	C	" Call your two canoes off or they will join their sister .
tr	C	I reached into my lapel pocket and pulled out a narrow , lightweight , powerful little flashlight that had caught my fancy at Wal-Mart .
tr	C	Theo listened as Mark morphed again , and he managed to say something conciliatory in response before the conversation ended .
tr	C	She remembered seeing airplanes on her parent 's tiny television set .
tr	O	The wooden fixtures were very fancy with beautiful trim and quality hardware .
tr	C	The dagger strays near my comprehension , and I pick it up again and touch it .
tr	O	I don 't want to hear about auras . "
tr	C	" I 'm afraid I 'm on hysteria right now , " she said .
tr	O	She reemerged with the headset on and dashed back to Jimmy and Betty .
tr	O	It 's my job to keep you alive and working off your penance . "
tr	C	At the same time the bough dipped his hand into the banker 's box and took out a matching model .
tr	O	He was about to jump Maximus , so I zapped him .
tr	O	Shadow used the Blue needle on both the sentry who was on watch and on the guard in the background who was already asleep .
tr	C	I was sitting on the floor with Trudy because we both decided Zombie Keepers were probably beyond even modern-day dry-cleaning techniques .
tr	C	Did the sound of her voice resemble an echo in his memory ?
tr	O	" Now , why the grilling ?
tr	C	The Senate launched an official documentation , but Poindexter was exonerated .
tr	O	I know the boys thought I was fetching when I was being a girl back in Kingston , but what do they know ?
tr	O	She paused as if to create suspense .
tr	O	For the second time that day my heart broke , and I cried so hard , I lulled myself back to sleep .
tr	C	Did he think to oblige such things ?
tr	C	The two guards looked at each other and then Meeks started unlocking the archives , cursing under his breath .
tr	O	I tried to keep the cage steady , and the bird stayed silent as I carried into the conservatory and found a safe place for it .
tr	O	' We all did , ' she exclaims .
tr	C	Let 's get back to the original subject , namely our respective failed pranks .
tr	C	Heisman 's assistant had been filtering through the piles of paper .
tr	C	To Sarah 's dedication he often brought offerings to the kitchen door after a hunt , to share with her and show appreciation .
tr	C	A man with sweat trailing down the sides of his handsome face put down his admonition and strode across the field to them .
tr	O	We 'll be camped near the Western Mountains .
tr	C	" So , big round of mages for everyone ? "
tr	C	Knowing that no one will find me here freaks me .
tr	O	The baron has made that mistake once regarding me , and almost paid the full price for it .
tr	C	In front of us , both chained by sturdy looking metal shackles attached to the concrete wall by metal chains are two live walkers !
tr	O	Usually Donald made a speech three times longer than that about the uncertainty of such measurement .
tr	O	He got up from the bed and went to put on one of the dark blue silk pyjama coats he wore instead of pyjamas .
tr	O	Tht baby lingers in a burn ward for three days .
tr	O	Surely this , then , was on the ley line .
tr	O	Then the man clutched his chest with one hand and braced his fall over the stone roadway with the other .
tr	C	" It 's admitted it 's an ox , " Phil Resch said .
tr	C	They will drive overnight so they should be here around bragging .
tr	C	To those who sat at the table , gazing at this decor , it was hard not to be impressed .
tr	O	She extended her other hand and shot webbing out at the women ; they leapt opposite ways and rolled to avoid it .
tr	O	" The scoundrels could be halfway to Roanoke by now . "
tr	C	I galloped through the night , trading horses , spending money like a compulsive merriment , and using every trick I knew . "
tr	O	I 'm thinkin ' Conway 's man , Liam , myself .
tr	C	I shift my weight and use what winters in the ice wall I can find to help me traverse across the snow covered face of the mountain .
tr	O	As I continue to openly stare at him , he assesses his cards as the bids make their way around the table .
tr	C	" So , yeah , I 'm not quitting . "
tr	C	He walked into the house with his bags and started to rein .
tr	C	During the drive , I couldn 't help but reflect on the fact that that Cohen 's dedication to introduce me to his mother was unexpected .
tr	C	" Bianca , You 're still frightened of the restrictions , and you are one .
tr	C	Michael waddled his previous statement .
tr	C	Still , Sarah gamely struggled to keep up , pushing her cameraman to his limits .
tr	C	She pulled a cushion out from the visage that tied them around her waist .
tr	C	I want to take one to Andrews and then I 'm flying over to Hill in Salt Lake City , fuel venting .
tr	C	Rema wanted to beg the king not to harm the animal , but she was afraid speaking out of turn would only jeopardize the barbaric punishment .
tr	O	Jace frowned as he stood , " but I thought I was recruited before Adan and certainly before Hawk . "
tr	C	He didn 't miss her emphasis on the word friend , and he didn 't understand why the handicap bothered him so much .
tr	C	But that was nothing to her in the virtue of her need .
tr	O	the bouncer on the left asks with cheerful amusement .
tr	O	Willow bent her knees and kicked off before Pandora could lecture her further and she flew up in the air like a rocket , squealing with joy .
tr	O	I dreamed of colors and perfumes and flowers dancing around me as if I was immersed in a clear pool of warm , scented water .
tr	O	There was a period there where I thought every drop of sweat from my brow was a pearl .
tr	C	Glaciers that grow and grow each year , slowly unfolding all the land before them . "
tr	O	The weddings got to her .
tr	C	She shot inside and stared at the empty stomachs .
tr	C	It looked like elegant strips of moonlight slashing down his beautifully gentle face .
tr	O	" I remember you said that you were destined to be a swordsman , " remarked Meg .
tr	O	The tension seemed to strengthen at the sight of their relaxed happiness .
tr	O	I open my eyes and plop down on one of the barstools at the counter .
tr	C	The publisher has informed us that we live in a time three hundred million years in the future .
tr	O	I stood , glaring back at the scientists in hazmat suits staring back at me , and then pushed through the plastic tarp .
tr	C	As soon as their bedroom door was closed , Chad was on the stolen booty , contacting Philip Raymond .
tr	C	She 'll pay me for that by getting cramps to write down the whole prophecy . '
tr	O	I grappled for the railing , only there wasn 't one .
tr	O	He 's too bitter and angry and you should 've seen the way he was ogling the nurses .
tr	O	His only adornment is a string tie with a hunk of turquoise acting as a clasp .
tr	C	If he could disappear from one spot and thrive in another , then John was uncontrollable .
tr	C	At least , the ones he offered contained more than a touch of fiction , and nothing was actually known about him beyond his sharpness and rank .
tr	C	After what you 've found out from the newness of Doom . "
tr	O	As Christine pushed Lisa on the tire swing , both of them giggling madly , Gabby took a seat in the rocker beside Travis .
tr	O	FOUR Adam smelled birch wood , incense , and summer air .
tr	C	All establishments had opened and there were quite a few people in the laird .
tr	C	His green eyes met mine , petting .
tr	O	Their mother began to move back and fore , small stumbling steps , moving in a circle , as thought trying to find something .
tr	O	I 've never heard you cuss before .
tr	C	" You 'll lose your herb , you mean , " Cameron growled at him .
tr	C	she cried , cradling his weary head in her arms , lowering her own head to the thick wash of hoses that swirled just above the ground .
tr	O	' We 'll take a little detour , why not ? '
tr	O	" A metaphor ? "
tr	O	Her emotions wanted an outlet and there wasn 't one .
tr	C	Never bite the hand bearing coffee is my grandchild .
tr	C	It 's got rooms and furniture and sunflowers .
tr	O	Jeez , seriously , this guy was the king of dicks .
tr	O	We couldn 't see the actual orders of course , but you might be aware that Liv is a little handy with a PC .
tr	C	Two hysterical voices rage at each other as other objects go blundering around the ground floor .
tr	C	She 'd fantasized about how it would be if they met again , and reality had annihilated every comforting scenario .
tr	C	If you break its faith your bond shall be forfeit and the whole case will come before the King 's infidelity . "
tr	O	Layers of triangular jagged metal overlapped to create a terrifying , spiky cocoon shape that all amassed to a sharp single point at its top .
tr	C	He lifted up his left arm and looked at his windpipe .
tr	O	asked she , " I was sure you had been slain .
tr	C	Their voices hummed over the clink of spaceship .
tr	O	" The Deeps run for miles , and great furies only know what you might run into down here .
tr	C	He snapped out of his tormentor and placed a foot on the soft beige carpet below .
tr	C	Alec fishes the long fingers of one hand around my wrists , holding them easily in his grip .
tr	C	His hair fell over his face and he pushed it back , creating black rims of dirt on his forehead .
tr	O	' You ... your appetites do not lie in other directions ? '
tr	O	We 've checked all his known addresses and he 's not at any .
tr	C	What can she understand of these departments ?
tr	C	Magic did odd things to incline .
tr	O	No one in his right mind would dare send any of our operatives into this place .
tr	O	The bedspread is still plastered tightly over the mattress .
tr	O	Jenny asked , bending to scoop up the cream brocade .
tr	C	She quoted the flames , but more were erupting amongst a shattered cabinet and around the table .
tr	C	He scowled , determined to kill whoever had evoked the verbal fists .
tr	C	And as the only known unity of an attack from this thing I think he may be our only real hope at identifying this threat . "
tr	C	Checked your accountant every day for its delivery when we got home from school .
tr	O	The winds and seas were picking up , as Hurricane Ernesto was approaching the island , and there were a few scattered thunderstorms offshore .
tr	O	he asked , cocking an eyebrow at her when she nodded .
tr	C	With their drawl and African parentage and my northern accent it isn 't easy for them or me .
tr	O	" Not a smidge , " the face said at a lower volume , although still chipper .
tr	C	It took great restraint for Josephine to keep from complimenting her friend .
tr	C	She could feel his psychic touch , like claws , ripping through her mind , digging through her memories , witnessing her .
tr	O	She was attired in blue , with a heavy matching Courtney Cole 18 With My Last Breath , Book Three sapphire necklace and earrings .
tr	C	" You 'd better take him some examples on your way out . "
tr	O	Startled into obedience , Simon moved aside .
tr	O	The police force footed the bill and Stuart was given an allowance towards the car but it was still his own personal automobile .
tr	C	Instead of sticking around and explaining and brimming like a reasonable person , you take off with the goods .
tr	C	I 'm done talkin ' a hard ass .
tr	C	All restraint left me and I began fighting like a parasite .
tr	O	The taverns here do a brisk business , and voices spill out onto the streets .
tr	C	Files lay open on her desk next to a rattlesnake that reads , " I 'm the boss ! "
tr	C	He had the little diamond stud in his ear and he 'd tried to tame his hair , but it refused to be obtained .
tr	O	He begins to pull away from the kerb .
tr	O	The taxi driver honked .
tr	C	The impact ruptured your eyeball .
tr	C	There was no faint glow from the other wagon , no burning imprint , even the rain was against them that night .
tr	C	I knew that thank-you note had been sent to her .
tr	O	His breathing shallows and he closes his eyes as he rocks into my hand .
tr	O	She 's no wet nurse , no righteous savior of meek men .
tr	C	" He shoots , he freaks ! "
tr	O	he asked , tapping his pencil on the yellow pad like a drumstick on a drum .
tr	C	Gabe shifted to the left so the waiter could set a bowl of crab bisque in front of him .
tr	O	" Extra hot fudge ?
tr	O	Clay stepped away , looking unsteady on his feet and ashen .
tr	C	The crone cackled again and reined up some glutinous mess from a pot .
tr	O	" I thought you were a fledgling , too , " the girl whispered to her , " Was that your first time using your ability ? "
tr	C	She heard her mother 's exasperated " Very well , then " and went back to mixing the outcast as Dorian entered the kitchen .
tr	C	I have what we call a photo manipulation of six males and another of six females .
tr	C	What did you apologise ? "
tr	O	" Because he can 't be read by a telepath , Jimmy , " Josie said .
tr	C	It was the last tidbit .
tr	C	Mary had known a few guys who could mint money , all of them lilies .
tr	C	Pussy , " Derek hedged , his words laced with hatred and resentment .
tr	O	He lapped at her until she was whimpering from the pleasure of it , then moved to lick the inside of her thighs .
tr	O	She nudges my arm .
tr	C	I went down to the prosecution , ' she said .
tr	C	Nicolas sat beside the convertible with a hammer and luxuries , trying to straighten the rims enough to take a tire .
tr	O	I wonder if it means something to him or if he believes in redemption .
tr	O	" You have such faith in the male gender , " he said blandly .
tr	O	" Do you remember how we used to dance in Mother 's old bedchamber ?
tr	C	He braces his hands on the walls , and water wraiths over his hair and drips down his face .
tr	O	His charcoal pants still held the crease down the middle .
tr	O	Lucien kept his face impassive as he rose and went to the sideboard .
tr	O	She hadn 't chosen the more ruffled feminine type of furnishings nor had she gone for heavy floral .
tr	O	" Can Santa give me another lollipop ? "
tr	C	" Come have some lime pie before it is all devoured .
tr	O	So once again , we devised something awful , trying to drive off the beasts .
tr	C	No need sled that . "
tr	O	As fugitives they found one another ; or within captivity they were bred .
tr	O	" I thought a little branding might loosen his tongue . "
tr	C	" Little ration , you are aren 't you ?
tr	C	But she was standing at the entrance handing out a crane that said , Don 't Be Deceived .
tr	O	It would stall and flutter in the air and Charlie would just swat it away .
tr	C	In the meantime whilst you 're here you 'll have to normalcy in with the farm like everyone else ... . .
tr	O	This early strike decision on the empty enclave left the Muslim West End open for the taking .
tr	O	Presumably we were meant to wander up to the tables , introduce ourselves , grab our nametags , and then mingle .
tr	O	But it didn 't take me long to contradict myself .
tr	O	" You know what you offered the other day ... about the guesthouse ? "
tr	O	I pushed him to his back against the bed and climbed to straddle his hips .
tr	O	The clan members were all out in the city on their own , enjoying its plethora of entertainments .
tr	O	My mouth gaped open , Cale seizing the opportunity to claim my mouth for a long tongue dancing kiss .
tr	C	And even as she chanted to make sense of what she was seeing , a part of her heart was going cold with an awful realization .
tr	O	He reached for his coffee and put two sugars in it before hesitating with the creamer .
tr	O	The capsule opened and he emerged onto Vanguard Bridge .
tr	C	He looked back at his reptilian friend .
tr	O	Normally I would 've basked in them , enjoyed the promise of movies to come , but I couldn 't focus on them tonight .
tr	C	The kitchen had a couple of large gas capsules and there was even a rotisserie set-up between them .
tr	O	The faery beside me snorted .
tr	C	Her ability had obviously been chipped or studied for many years .
tr	O	Out of habit , I sat down at the comm terminal to check my bank account , as I always did after a job .
tr	O	The basin stored surplus water for La Salle in case of a drought .
tr	O	Each of the guards were dressed in rich gold 's and reds .
tr	C	" Because your father and uncles are cruel bastards , incense .
tr	C	Pitman headed to his tent and pulled out three bows and mattresses of arrows .
tr	C	Roy 's eyes widened with distrust .
tr	O	A woman screamed and the last thing I remember were a cacophony of running feet coming to my rescue just as the darkness consumed me .
tr	C	A few Atlanteans survived and inflicted , but I doubt they would have wished for their offspring to end up like this .
tr	O	" Okay , " she answers as she crawls to her feet and back down the ladder .
tr	O	The glasses stood on the sideboard .
tr	O	I wasn 't raised on Western culture 's traditions . "
tr	O	The regulator 's words come back to me with new , terrible meaning : I don 't know how you lived with that filth for so long .
tr	O	" Because we 're both mercenaries , and sleeping together isn 't part of the overall plan .
tr	C	Horton may have a motive to steal Ray 's computer , but at the time of the glacier , he was three thousand miles away .
tr	C	He realized that he must have broken it during his Volkswagen .
tr	C	Not depleted her purse .
tr	C	He wanted to make sure it was still there so he could flatten it if he were ever reborn .
tr	C	They don 't have allergies . '
tr	C	He stroked his fingers into her again , this time using his thumb to tease the small , rigid little bud at the vehemence of her legs .
tr	O	I suddenly felt it would be unfair to deprive the University of my services , sir . '
tr	C	When we joined , his body worshipped mine in sinuous , erotic thrusts , urging my body to humour with his , matching and mirroring his movements .
tr	O	Lex ran to the pulley and released it , letting Gabriel drop to the floor .
tr	O	That you 're the steward of Huron .
tr	O	Magnus spoke without inflection .
tr	O	she barked , and then crowded him into the corner where the rips in the imitation leather seats jabbed at his butt .
tr	O	Running back , I had already fixed my features into an unwavering mask .
tr	C	" My vineyards are looking ragged , weeds are taking over and my lawn 's overgrown .
tr	C	His mother had to summon on huge plumes of patience and even courage and she and her son studied and played sport together .
tr	C	A smudge of laughter rings through the room .
tr	O	I am to leave on the morrow . "
tr	C	The sensors can 't cope with the detail until they 're on so fine a fingerprint you can 't fit the whole on the screen . "
tr	C	I didn 't care about golf scores or job promotions or upcoming formal restrictions .
tr	C	" Well , the mutterings of it ... noted that the Babylon killer 's victims had a single trait in common .
tr	C	Karou noted the tremors in her voice .
tr	C	the guy hollers , targeting a glare at me .
tr	C	" Do you really think I have spent so many professionals working in the Castel and wouldn 't know something so big .
tr	O	He fumbled with his harness buckles , and fell out onto the earth .
tr	C	" It was what she wanted , " he said , searching the garage for a brood .
tr	C	He gazed at her strangely as if he was seeing a specialty .
tr	O	If she 'd had any sense she might 've told him about the very light period she 'd had and made him fret a little .
tr	C	Our knowledge may eventually prolong the prevention of intelligent life in the galaxy by developing interstellar space travel technology .
tr	C	I know that I probably should have researched you first , but I really wanted to do something on my own .
tr	C	Excitement bounces through my body and fleetingly erases the fear and nervousness I 've been feeling all night .
tr	C	If she ever found out the extent of his loophole , she would despise him .
tr	O	Maybe he 'd found her following him and after extracting the hostage site from her , he took her hostage ?
tr	O	One of me is staking out the candy shop to help Summer and John , and the other is going to try to help Trevor .
tr	O	" She rents one of my apartments .
tr	C	He could fix any kind of engine , had been in charge of the heavy equipment for his binder in Afghanistan .
tr	C	It was proof Noel really hadn 't been Ali 's admonition .
tr	C	Rays of sun cast brilliant hues and purples across the snow .
tr	O	He milked her orgasm and drew it out , until she shattered .
tr	O	This man was raving about drops .
tr	O	I did devise the plot , but I didn 't see it through ... " " You did , " she wailed .
tr	O	The November sky was dark and forbidding but she was strangely glad of it .
tr	O	There was what Miss Level called ' filling what 's empty and emptying what 's full ' .
tr	O	It wasn 't actively pursuing cattle , but it had moved in too close , in her estimation .
tr	C	The same sweater into which the tracking device had been remodeled .
tr	C	She 'd never erase the breadth of his mouth on hers , the taste of him on her tongue .
tr	C	Lieutenant Jack Strong had been a fresh face during the first Sky War , earning his fifties in combat .
tr	C	" Someone 's here , " I whisper , ensuring my knife out of my pocket as I circle around .
tr	O	I admit that I am ashamed that I wasn 't following the details of this important legislation more closely .
tr	O	Probably I got my own shyness and need for quiet directly from her .
tr	C	" Your brother can have the equipment he thinks might be of interest to him and his tyres .
tr	O	Worked in investment banking for ten years before deciding to start his own magazine .
tr	C	I 'm ... Writing the past .
tr	C	I walk through the pillowcase into the library , holding onto the railing for support , and notice the pale blue color of my hands .
tr	C	On top of the control panel was a scaled down replica of the giant hologram visual probe .
tr	C	" In addition to the programs , which I realized I could basically upload and browse , William and Victoria staked me with an accelerometer suit .
tr	O	The car lurches again and Alex 's fingers dig into my hips .
tr	O	Claire wondered if she 'd actually just witnessed a breakup .
tr	C	Or she 'll gouge you to pieces . "
tr	O	My gown falls around me like a deflated accordion .
tr	C	Remind me to deter you later when there are no witnesses around . "
tr	C	Sergio , can you - " " I 'll pamper him up . "
tr	C	" Poison the way I looped them back through the air purifier , wasn 't it ?
tr	O	Lenin said , " You , as patriarch , will remain head of the church .
tr	O	I imagined the utter terror I would have felt if I had met that beast in the swallowing darkness , groping for his journal .
tr	C	Harmony curves around baby seagulls , so small that Undine eyes cannot yet see them .
tr	C	You just push it into the certificate and twiddle .
tr	C	He had heard a lot of bad political careers before , but never one that dreadful .
tr	C	" The fireflies , " Jake said , " is clearly biological in nature , hearts , livers , all of that .
tr	O	Having it confirmed that day that only her game plan had changed had not only been invigorating , it had been a relief .
tr	C	When I was not haunting the studios , I was in my room , working on stories on my old battered portable printer .
tr	C	She warded against his hold , snapping her own fangs at him .
tr	O	I tossed the bag to her feet just as those pretty eyes began to morph , as her lip curled back into a vicious sneer .
tr	O	He was comin ' this way . "
tr	O	He was squeezing the other breast , pinching the nipple between his finger and thumb .
tr	O	When Tasha ' almost ' shot Evan , townspeople came and interrogated Tasha about what was going on .
tr	O	She walked the cake tray over to the island in the middle of the room and set it down next to a container of homemade icing .
tr	O	" Then we could get hanged ourselves .
tr	C	I reached down to grab my nakedness and shirt from the floor where they had been discarded earlier .
tr	O	" I wanted greatness , just like my mom .
tr	O	He kept on pounding , keeping the edge on the scythe , but straightening the blade and making a hook at the end .
tr	O	This was a pure hell and this was all supposedly legal and enforced by the court ?
tr	C	On the bottom was a small hole like the ones you see in laptop computers for built-in hangers .
tr	O	he responds , nuzzling my neck .
tr	C	I had broken loose of one restraint , but amplified a thumb in the process and couldn 't free my other hand .
tr	O	She hastened until her legs grew cramp .
tr	O	The indecision cost him dearly as Emma flashed out her right arm again , cuffing him to the floor .
tr	C	I suppose a hundred Sphinx 's powers will have to do .
tr	O	" Oh , yes , " Julia said , following the banker who gave her entrance to a small empty room with a table and chair .
tr	O	It was the direction that had almost derailed him , until Kate had persuaded him to take the risk .
tr	C	" They 're down by the Bug .
tr	C	What were you talkin ' ? "
tr	O	He grabbed his chair between his bound hands , hurling it at the wall of windows .
tr	O	When you attain , you go blank .
tr	C	You and I will put our ... heads together and think of another way you might settle your deeds .
tr	C	Without warning , it snorted a wisp of hot air onto the douchebag .
tr	C	Always approaching a disagreement but never reaching it .
tr	C	" No ; on the contrary , I oblige you and your colleagues highly , " Laurence said .
tr	O	Her friends were still barely conscious , but just being near them felt good , nourishing a part of her that had been dormant for months .
tr	C	That night they sat by a small fire Pete had mistreated .
tr	O	" Can you forgive me , for my sin of omission ?
tr	C	This sedentary lifestyle of rehashing old books of magic is not suiting you .
tr	C	Lucy does the armory . "
tr	C	He realized this was the beginning of the marsh which would eventually reach the afterlife .
tr	C	Any mention of the war years and he 'd chalk up .
tr	C	Her vision was grating .
tr	C	" To the battleship .
tr	C	Then she heard the girl 's mutiny .
tr	O	And how had he repaid him ?
tr	C	His gaze gobbled a path of almost frightening hunger over her , sending her heart flailing with trepidation , almost had her howling with anticipation .
tr	C	He is a great hangout , " I said trying to be polite .
tr	O	" OK David , there are some gremlins that look like that guy over there . "
tr	O	The calluses were back , courtesy of chopping wood , but his fingertips were still smooth .
tr	C	The fire within her burst into socket .
tr	O	So , unlike Mat , who was convinced about his doppelganger , Steven rejected any notion of paranormal activity and decided to never think of it again .
tr	C	Sakura felt like she was in heaven as millions of warring sensations exploded through her being .
tr	C	I 'll nab you into tiny little pieces .
tr	C	They went to the devastation and gave apple and carrot pieces to Thunder and Buck .
tr	O	It also made her feel strangely jealous ; she wanted something like that , a bond strong enough to transcend words .
tr	O	So I wander , a nomad among nomads .
tr	O	she asked , deadpan .
tr	O	' Gangsters , gangsters , ' she said .
tr	O	He 'd failed to anticipate just how much that would screw everything up .
tr	O	He started to move within her , establishing a throbbing rhythm that radiated out to every nerve ending in Verity 's body .
tr	O	His apron is that of a naked guy 's - sporting a six pack and burger bun over the space where his privates should be .
tr	O	Jenny was most disconcerted by the mirrors .
tr	O	Wren 's voice was still calm , but I could hear the anger beginning to seep through .
tr	C	She had the sweeping cheekbones and a challenging dean in her curiously tilted eyes .
tr	C	I went through " Carrie , " " Dam , " " Daft Punk " and " P90X " until correctly guessing " 123456 " .
tr	C	She stood from the wet ground and walked closer , exiting the residue that encased the garage .
tr	C	" Is it like witchcraft ? "
tr	O	Before I did , I leaned down and I snatched up the rake .
tr	C	" That was probably a good idea , " I say , visualizing the snow flurries that have begun to fall outside the glass doors .
tr	C	It must have had at least a fifteen foot sloop .
tr	O	Here was the only male he could really boast with , without changing one single thing about the story .
tr	O	The wind carried the scent of fermented apples from the orchard ahead .
tr	C	she said as she plotted her toe on the desk .
tr	O	I thought about asking him if he wanted to sleep with the fishes , but Chow was looking antsy , so I refrained .
tr	C	My target smiled at that , and the two men opened their rivets .
tr	O	" Who are you calling a fag ? "
tr	C	Dinah felt pebbles underfoot in her stomach .
tr	O	" I 've got cash and a few passports . "
tr	C	Maybe this is common for people in my position , but I feel like an enormous chimney .
tr	O	We didn 't risk saving them , because they were not Elites .
tr	C	" With that said , I will leave Alec to finish with your confinement .
tr	O	I didn 't ask him to tug me off to the sidelines !
tr	O	He put a bullet in the man 's kneecap and darted away .
tr	O	Neil wasn 't planning on attending , but he hadn 't yet figured out the logistics of skipping it .
tr	C	The girl huddled into a ball as she tried at once both to protect herself and collect the evasive half-truths .
tr	C	He 's just an ordinary psychopath now I see . '
tr	C	But if it 's three cadets in this round and a single three in the last round , you don 't get 83 .
tr	O	I refused to ask for a break and after three hours of walking up what felt like a mountainside I was exhausted .
tr	O	If she hadn 't gotten such gratification from watching him touch himself , she might 've done it .
tr	C	I could turn my head and rake my fingers .
tr	C	Why was I always attracted to crazy hallucinations ?
tr	O	That smaller tent was connected to the side of the Hall , and could be closed off so that entering sisters wouldn 't see the captives .
tr	O	Making the whole planet slaves to the whims of a maniacal mage . "
tr	O	" Rules are very important , " insisted Jane .
tr	O	If only it were a sedative , but I was completely aware of my senses , mostly the burning thirst for Jason 's blood .
tr	O	Mikhail 's hands were in her hair , bunching , dragging her head back , exposing her throat .
tr	O	The gun got even heavier when a long sash appeared on its hilt , completely rendering my arm immobile .
tr	O	She couldn 't strip the town of all defenders and go on the march , leaving the place unprotected .
tr	O	" The prediction on the card was deliberately fabricated by a clique inside the police agency .
tr	O	" He 's fetching it , " the guard explained to McBride .
tr	C	To Michael 's surprise , his libertine friend 's cheekbones were numbed with a dull red flush .
tr	C	My eyelids felt like they were stuck together and all I could hear was folly .
tr	C	Glass control booths ran in a mime along half the wall and a weapons and equipment area continuing the rest of the way .
tr	C	I had a choice word or two to say , to yell , but being around Delilah was like walking on a shipwreck .
tr	O	I might have been able to hold in my magic , but my emotions had overtaken me .
tr	C	Shoppers becoming what they do , trotting to be all other things . "
tr	C	There is a pause from Mother as she selects the right sandal , and then she finds it .
tr	C	God knows , I have enough difficulty erasing it to myself . '
tr	O	And perhaps in nine months , I 'll reap some of that good fortune . "
tr	O	The creepers were pulling at her wounded leg now , and instinctively she jerked away .
tr	C	It is long enough for me to shoot and gather the lances .
tr	C	A sizzling burn in her blood , electric , momma every cell .
tr	C	I knew they 'd been emitting some kind of sponsorship deal with one of the big software companies - maybe it had unexpectedly fallen through .
tr	O	" We saw a lot of the lower ranking personnel and your bodyguard in the alcoves in the conservatory , " Sophia announced .
tr	C	" Resolve your downtime elsewhere , if you please . "
tr	O	There were no guarantees , and Andrew knew that .
tr	O	And that it was an isolated onetime event and a one sided deal that satisfied her curiosity and another woman 's aggressive posturing . "
tr	O	You appear to be boxing yourself in , here .
tr	C	When the birds were plucked , they were returned to another pot , where they were washed and then unloaded by Grazing Fawn .
tr	C	A thin form of gold created the image of a flying creature -- the same symbol that Mari had inflicted on Echo 's riding tunic .
tr	C	She returned a few minutes later with some boiled eggs and a toppling mug of beer .
tr	O	Death clapped his heels to his horse 's flanks , and vanished .
tr	C	She could see the side of the pad itself , but not the numbers or the recreation .
tr	C	Why would you or anyone in Sheridan take notice of what was listed on my mother 's billing account ? "
tr	C	Taking a small sip , she shook her head and floored her mouth .
tr	C	She started jumping up and down clapping her hands together like we were back in opposition .
tr	C	You sentenced Ulrich to death with your bosses at the arena .
tr	O	Not long after he regained control of the plantation he decided to raise his own regiment of cavalry to fight for the Confederacy .
tr	O	For once , I 'm glad that the propaganda 's in place .
tr	C	" Because they aren 't his remains , you 're just supposed to foresee that they are . "
tr	O	She could practically hear the gossips already .
tr	C	She folded the tsar to the flour mixture , egg yolks and milk , then ladled the thick liquid onto the hot griddle .
tr	O	As he calmly ate his cake Dickie listened to the sound of Rufus tearing the inn to pieces and flooring everyone in sight .
tr	O	I reach my hand out to Glitch and he catches it in his as I ask , " Any casualties ? "
tr	C	" My mistress calls , " he said in his moped .
tr	O	The saleswoman hadn 't returned after what seemed to be an unacceptable amount of time .
tr	C	He aligned it from several angles , the ruler next to it .
tr	O	It felt as if my lungs had fallen out of my ribcage and crashed to the floor .
tr	C	Savannah nodded , her mouth dry and her stomach turning knobs .
tr	C	I felt Seth step up next to me as I slid my hand down and began to classify the places I could reach in my lower back .
tr	C	" And that you 're a survivor , " he continued , ignoring her sudden boldness .
tr	O	" She talked like it was a bad hangover , " Locke said .
tr	O	Losing some of her cheerfulness , she frowned .
tr	O	Ryo rose and taking her by the hand , led her to his chambers , a flight down from where his Father now slumbered .
tr	O	Then there was the plate , embossed and set round the edge with small jewels , each a different colour .
tr	C	And he 's forbidden to enter the Department of Innovation due to his Vow of flaking . "
tr	C	This is in contrast to certain manufacturing technologies that currently charge two to three thousand dollars a test .
tr	C	" It 's evolving too much energy , enough to fill this entire house .
tr	C	Maybe he 'd misread the whole day .
tr	C	One of the last tremors from the original Hammer Films studio .
tr	C	" Yes we are , we 'll have three sleepers of the house . "
tr	O	My mind was ensnared in it .
tr	C	" On behalf of the school , I 've taken the decency to reserve the Paragon Beach Resort Hotel .
tr	C	All your atoms , protons , neutrons , pilgrims and the massive amount of energy which held them together were turned into pure power once again .
tr	C	The rows of shells were standing upright in the flatter and troop sections .
tr	C	Watching them gave me a recital the size of Texas . "
tr	O	' He 'll be able to see our mam again . '
tr	O	I was never diagnosed with what Taylor had .
tr	O	By ten we 'd exhausted our repertoire of cat stories and Tom was yawning .
tr	C	He winced and staggered , realizing he couldn 't make it around the corner before another facet was launched .
tr	C	" How would you like your caveman ? "
tr	C	" I didn 't mean to inquire -- " " Oh , I think you did . "
tr	O	Noel looked around for his great-grandfather , but saw nothing .
tr	O	I galloped through the gate .
tr	O	They liked to examine us occasionally , but they mostly used the space to research human diseases .
tr	O	Counsellors of both commerce and school argued that violent death in Cambridge was no greater than might be expected amongst so many young men .
tr	O	" I still think my jeans and blazer would have done fine , " he said .
tr	O	He 's cursing , ripping electrodes from my head , adjusting the console I 'm plugged into .
tr	O	Joe Dumont down at Ellis Bay has a water tanker .
tr	O	The corporal was unexpectedly quiet , and the little house now felt very still and menacing .
tr	C	I found my subtleties .
tr	C	That day is coming , pork - sooner than you think . "
tr	C	Kaspar was leaning against a drifter with his fingers in his pockets and his thumbs sticking out , a grotesque smirk tugging at his lips again .
tr	O	My little beacon of imperfection .
tr	O	" For some time we watched it -- the end , " the newcomer said .
tr	C	Next she saw the muse of it -- gray walls , gray plastic chairs , industrial gray carpeting .
tr	O	It took nearly an hour to get everyone 's statement and Zoe was hauled away in cuffs , sniveling every step of the way .
tr	O	After she did that , the other door gave in ... Revealing the psychiatrist 's office .
tr	O	She was skittish , always looking over her shoulder and flinching when you touched her .
tr	O	A second-story window had been broken , and when Eddie climbed up to it via a dumpster , he found a trashed , empty apartment .
tr	O	It rankled him that he had never been able to get a straight answer about the place .
tr	O	Being with Kathleen was like swinging from a chandelier .
tr	C	Mom said as much as she might deny it , it wasn 't easy growing up with an orchard for a name .
tr	O	Jane wasn 't even Sally 's birth sister , yet ... an odd spurt of jealousy formed his reply .
tr	C	He hiccups here sometimes . "
tr	O	Come down to the outhouse with me ! "
tr	C	In a single succinct sentence the military man alighted the standards expected were not too high .
tr	O	The sudden movement had her tensing .
tr	C	Our procession made a call and took care of it .
tr	O	If he did , Terrance knew , for sure , all this cartel stuff became a historical footnote .
tr	C	When the time comes to change your password you must engage whatever cognitive function you can muster and untie the information you 've chosen to use .
tr	C	' Time for another cola before they get here then .
tr	C	" The rest just looks like logs and timbers roped or nailed together .
tr	C	" But I expect there will be jungles of a different kind once there . "
tr	C	Before I can react , someone shares it over my head , cinching it around my throat .
tr	C	Floyd took out a chip and put it on top of the cone shell .
tr	O	The first one someone goes to after a breakup .
tr	O	The gas tank should hold between fifteen and twenty gallons of fuel .
tr	O	Do you think I am somehow above the methods of my countrymen , who send their sons away on Doom Paths for lesser insults . '
tr	O	So why aren 't there lots of examples of successful proprietors living the good life ?
tr	O	I researched it online the last time this happened . "
tr	O	The blankness had gone from her expression , and she was looking at him intently enough to make him nervous .
tr	O	Over the precipice the end flew , looking like a wisp of smoke .
tr	O	At the college level it 's certainly not unheard of for instructors to date their students .
tr	C	The suite , beautiful in its own right , was made more so by the flowers and other hues .
tr	O	The street widened into a semicircle that appeared to be the town 's center .
tr	C	She and Mike were so close now , and she didn 't want the enemy to take an opportunity to initiate that with memories of her sin .
tr	C	The convicts could only be used by and be controlled by the individual they were linked to .
tr	O	What Warren AFB did have was missile silos .
tr	O	" And why , pray tell , would I negotiate with a thieving outlaw ? "
tr	O	Aidan looked back at Isaac , but the swordsman just shrugged his shoulders .
tr	O	It was based on a course of action his father had instructed him to take if he was ever mugged .
tr	O	In ancient Rome you could get divorced just by breaking the stone tablets the marriage contract was written on .
tr	C	Hannah , who was dressed for bed , resembled a lost heroin with her long hair falling about her face and huge , frightened eyes .
tr	O	" We 'll take that pie , Becka , and thank yeh for tellin ' us about Grin . "
tr	C	Doug asked , clinking .
tr	O	We bounced and slid at least 50 feet before landing on firmer ground in a final messy skid .
tr	O	The scuba air bubbles were no longer being emitted from him .
tr	C	" Reading in wisdom ? "
tr	C	The closed lanes of the old-fashioned blinds drew him .
tr	O	Trembling and nearly hyperventilating , her resistance only adds to the rapture .
tr	C	John smiled cruelly her direction and she actually resided inside herself a little , the fight inside died the moment he revealed his true nature .
tr	C	They joined the fight as well , uprooting trees and wielding large boulders at my tiring friends .
tr	C	His name was Ahmed , and he was from a traditional Muslim family , who lived right behind the winters at Giza .
tr	O	Over the ages , they slowly built ties with rogue organisations .
tr	C	The tunnel forks and we testify to the right toward Lucinda 's chambers .
tr	O	Perhaps it was a recompense for her timely cry during my fight with the snake .
tr	O	The following morning she woke up feeling refreshed and invigorated .
tr	O	Everything about him was perfect , from the strategically placed highlights in his carefully styled hair to the tips of his shoes .
tr	C	His heart pounded against his dismissal .
tr	O	' If the people are happy and content , in all likelihood , the place had harmonious Chi ' .
tr	C	It consisted of large lumps of raw oyster , beetroot , and tomato , all in a thick vinegary dressing .
tr	C	" Why don 't we give you a big birthday party to celebrate the occupant of the skyscraper ? "
tr	O	It was connected to tubing that led up to several bottles of fluid hanging from a stand .
tr	C	" So your family farm was where the shudders in the Wilton heist landed ?
tr	O	The law doesn 't look favorably on renegades like you .
tr	O	The fish were vibrant , the water was clear blue , and the coral bloomed all around , forming mounds and hills .
tr	O	Her lips tremble , desperate to hear the words she longs for me to say .
tr	O	A sign staked in the yard said Welcome Home in big letters .
tr	C	Things could have gone on forever the way they were and we both would have lived without declaring anything . "
tr	C	The waitress returned bearing a glass of dark red wine , which she placed on a monstrosity in front of Zack before turning her attention to Kaitlyn .
tr	O	After Grenville 's recounting I dozed , still tired from my adventure .
tr	C	And not even the smart swimsuits , but rather the ones that spent their days flinging poop .
tr	C	But there was no putting the nickel back in the bottle .
tr	C	They know there is no forgiveness for their allotment .
tr	C	From what I understood , he is now at one with the presidency .
tr	C	Sure enough , the warriors were mostly aboard the slim funnel with the children being dumped unceremoniously on board .
tr	O	The short sword that he removed from the scabbard was even more intricately constructed than the casing .
tr	C	I checked the other senators ' tack room .
tr	C	I desperately wanted to wriggle my composure , but that encounter had really driven home the hopelessness of the situation .
tr	C	I leaned forward , jamming his posture .
tr	O	She let out a gasp at the feeling of exuberance and wholeness the talisman gave her .
tr	C	The new organ stiffens a few twisted pipes out through the debris .
tr	O	Just one swipe against the narrow walls of ice could collapse the chasm into itself .
tr	C	" I 'll turn off the greatness , all right ?
tr	C	His words spurred her more than they should .
tr	C	With natural light fading , the tremors had started to glow .
tr	C	cried one of them , his head thrust between two pastry racks .
tr	O	" Then who was it that peasant saw you with ? "
tr	C	They listened as carefully to the attorney for the defense as they had unfurled the speech of the prosecutor 's hireling .
tr	O	Anything less than the best would have probably would have broken under all of the abuse that the gauntlets had apparently endured .
tr	C	I 've eaten a lot of printer so I knew what the fuck I was doing .
tr	C	" Have you seen any pleasures ? "
tr	O	Marion ran a hand over the dolphin 's back .
tr	C	That way we do not to deplete the fish pies in our reef . "
tr	C	( What ) Jon took a deep breath and repeated slowly , taking care to mouth each knuckle with perfect inflection .
tr	C	I sighed and followed our bases .
tr	C	And that nothing at all would prevent her from buckling it .
tr	O	" Terrible , " Gail said -- again without any inflection .
tr	C	" Not that I attain that .
tr	O	' I can rig up something that 'll decode it , no problem , ' Meatball offered .
tr	O	Seth saw the rolling countryside and wondered how people functioned out here in the remoteness , cut off from the pulse of the world .
tr	C	" Peake will find the egg in his deeds all the same . "
tr	C	You can 't make it go away by stooping to believe in it .
tr	O	Cortez would never throw away the parka .
tr	O	With all the killings that I have done , and dead bodies I have seen , this was the first one that has affected me so heavily .
tr	C	" Hey Buddy , I think I 'm going to booking you today in some water basketball , " he said , as he ruffled his head .
tr	C	I walked into Nordstrom , recognizing the store only because it had some of the mansions I was looking for , and walked over to the directory .
tr	C	" But I 'm not going to be the flaw in distress anymore !
tr	C	They were being deceived in time for lunch .
tr	C	I felt like a bit of superfluous fluff , batted from one person to the next , having no real purpose in the rucksack and presentation .
tr	O	" I 'll get you some breakfast , stop fretting , " I flipped his braid before going back to the stove .
tr	C	No , they were mindless cheerleaders , operating on some primal animal instinct , and the silence meant that they were definitely gone .
tr	O	I had every inch of her body charted in my head ; so perfectly soft , so perfectly feminine .
tr	C	By breeding her spouse , he 'd hoped the balance of power would shift to her , giving her the strength to leave .
tr	C	" But I was always certain there wouldn 't be any tickets left over to give to the local business opponents as Erica suggested . "
tr	C	In addition to the pesto on the cabinets , there were murals of pesto on the floor .
tr	O	What are the general rules about pillage ? "
tr	O	Barrett smacked away the hand , " I 'll give you scarecrow ... " he grated , his fist quickly held before Briar 's face .
tr	C	He also asked me to invite you to come to share our thrones .
tr	C	She could tell he didn 't want her to subdue him .
tr	O	" Is Cotton Malone conducting your inquiry ? "
tr	C	Wardens sometimes joked that you could put a trend in a Warden 's armor , and every garrison for a hundred miles around would burst with pride .
tr	C	" No it 's not mind control , but Julian uses it to get inside a person 's head , to torture them , to inflict them .
tr	C	There was a knock at the door , then hinges were wobbling as the beautiful Maddie entered .
tr	O	" So anyway , " Avalon changed the subject , still sounding riled up from his tangent .
tr	C	He placed the ball in the centre of the pavement and tapped it gently back towards the radiance .
tr	C	Water rolls off his beautiful body in sheets , scrolling back into the tub .
tr	C	It 's windy at the cathedral , with streamers of snow spraying off the top .
tr	C	They blaze up right quick 'cause of all the pitch and fedora in 'em .
tr	O	I bellow , lashing out furiously , hoping to strike him dead .
tr	O	Antonia too soon found the snoozing and sunbathing less than interesting .
tr	C	He finally got over his neckline , took one practice swing and stroked his putt .
tr	C	He left his friends , informing them that their roads would once again cross , no matter where each road eventually led .
tr	O	Trudie appeared from somewhere wearing the same green trouser suit she 'd had on the previous night .
tr	O	I sense both groups becoming rigid and quietly riled by the rising of my voice , but they retain their distance for now .
tr	O	" I will have your crimson head on a pike in my castle before the day is done . "
tr	C	You need the Patron Saint of mace hanging on your wall , " she said .
tr	O	But why had an archaeologist been sent to the site to begin with ?
tr	O	Mrs. Hall cleared her throat and handed me a checklist .
tr	C	But he held the change at bay as he waited , sealing quietly that sheer rage and anticipation could bring it on as was happening now .
tr	O	Thankfully the closet beside me boasted an assortment of men 's coats , so I wouldn 't have to go without one .
tr	O	Father always said , " a warrior must remain clean in mind and body otherwise he would fall into misfortune . "
tr	C	The lawn was overgrown , but the flower beds had clearly been undermined .
tr	O	I resurfaced with nothing .
tr	O	My hungry eyes met his again as I chanted his name , my cry for more burning on my lips , unspoken .
tr	O	He met her fury with utmost serenity .
tr	C	Speaking of Marco and Sophia , weren 't they supposed to be confronting us with their presence ?
tr	O	More whoops and hollers from the Reform caucus .
tr	C	Out of the corner of his eye Josh thought he saw something mingled in with the men 's posse .
tr	C	Once we 'd infused dragons , we ate with Nana .
tr	O	" Okay , here 's another little tidbit about me since you say I 'm not the forthcoming sort . "
tr	O	It was science fiction mumbo-jumbo .
tr	C	Its glass façade cracked as Cindy 's foot met with it and broke as it hit the wall .
tr	C	Everyone is in an abundance and Reggie 's had to spend most of his time since the attack convincing people he 's still alive .
tr	C	Once Godfrey had mended the large number of stitches their patient required , they 'd both tried , once again , to get him in her car .
tr	O	" Show ... don 't tell , " she replied smartly , before dissolving into giggles .
tr	C	With a groan that spoke of intense pleasure , she came , bathing his tongue in her helplessness .
tr	O	He worked as he had done with the last one , using a wet sponge to seal the envelope and stamp .
tr	C	A slew of fire burst out of my palms , burning not only the target , but everything else in its path .
tr	C	" If I told you , blah , aye , blah . "
tr	O	Although we hadn 't yet seen our first snowfall , winter had claimed the countryside .
tr	O	Shadows soon danced across the grey fuselage when the cargo hold was filled with weapons and hardware .
tr	O	When the play was finally finished they gave us a standing ovation .
tr	C	she asked " Camera . "
tr	C	" Nonsense , Blake , " and she sighed , as if sorry to see the hunt end .
tr	O	While Reginald experimented with faster and slower running speeds , Maurice added that whatever his top speed was now , it would change .
tr	C	It was surrounded , as usual , by foreigners and hearth companions .
tr	O	It was Tim 's last year in high school and he wanted a championship as bad as anyone .
tr	O	" He 's a scholar , an academic , " her mother said .
tr	O	He had sparred with many Mages while training in Jaden , but this was beyond the pale .
tr	C	She pasted a smile .
tr	C	But , more likely , there is information about the future or the stereo that you felt you needed to share .
tr	O	I had considered various options for surreptitiously inserting myself into Rebecca 's life , and becoming a neighbour seemed the most practical solution .
tr	C	He 'd researched all her reservations , despite the circumstances , and now he took his prize with another deep thrust .
tr	C	He kicked them , the razor in his boot neatly slicing through heaps .
tr	O	She reached behind the dresser next to her bed and pulled the cord out of the wall jack and was blessed with silence .
tr	C	She weighs so . "
tr	C	Torin staggered backward , and in the mirror , the table squawked , nearly falling .
tr	C	" He fishes all the time .
tr	C	He tipped the glass to his mettle and said , " At least this one won 't kill me . "
tr	O	She brought a spoonful of morphine to her mother 's lips .
tr	O	I wrapped my fist around my invisible stake and demonstrated by hitting it softly against his heart .
tr	O	J pressed the cotton tight against my face , wondering if I couldn 't also somehow smother the connection I 'd just made .
tr	C	After stepping back out of the closet , Corrado surveyed the object with accuracy .
tr	C	He reached over and grabbed a broom handle that had been used as a prop stethoscope .
tr	O	" Does Silvia still take dope ? "
tr	O	He couldn 't feel the rain spattering off him , crisscrossing like cold , unrolling ribbons across his face .
tr	C	If the herd of cattle it slaughtered hadn 't looked like they 'd been attacked by wild animals , the secret pleasures would be here already .
tr	O	While we were at the match I had received a message on my BlackBerry from Inspector Boniface .
tr	O	I pulled my sword , raked the biting edge against his shins .
tr	C	" The glade was made from your blood sample .
tr	O	She set her jaw , and I knew she was already planning her tirade .
tr	C	Fanning the water gnats away from my face I shifted weight , lips clamping tight as I gazed .
tr	C	" You shouldn 't invent a hungry wolf , pet . "
tr	O	I looked through the peephole and saw Gavin and Zinnia .
tr	O	She retrieves the trident , which is wedged in the side of a table .
tr	O	Alec leaped between them , grunting against the vicious impact of hard , heavy stone to his gut .
tr	O	Josh became serious but a remnant of his smile still showed on his face , " I know .
tr	O	All the chemicals from other clients were just stinging her eyes .
tr	C	Sometimes , long before it happens , other times moments before it feeds . "
tr	O	His head lowered and he took her mouth , kissing her with the possessive passion that had seduced her from the first .
tr	C	I made an X motion over my chest , a pail of ' cross my heart . '
tr	O	They had all been in the colony for many years and each had thriving plantations and controlled the trade with England .
tr	C	' I 'm talkin ' you and I could be fine friends . "
tr	C	But a few sisters weaving Air or Water could make short work of the flames , eyeballing the Tower .
tr	O	Joe Martinez ' name remained on the ballot and he received 23 % of the vote for governor .
tr	O	Shelton tells Kim that he and Huey will search the cabins .
tr	O	No one in their right mind would go one-on-one with a berserker .
tr	C	He said this with a waterproof kind of emphasis , and I nodded .
tr	O	We set the alarm and locked up the restaurant , my assistants going one way while I went the other .
tr	C	He built farms in haste , mere stalling tactics to give him the time he needed to drive the poison from Destiny 's body .
tr	C	Her headlight showed a swooping valley of promising pale flesh , where my eyes lingered for just a moment too long .
tr	O	Kiki appeared and jumped in her lap , butting her head against Emily , her way of demanding attention .
tr	O	Despite protests from the British , there was hardly any objection from other member nations .
tr	O	He surmised she was much younger than he first guessed .
tr	C	Dad certainly seems to know , though , and the monkeys seem to know , too .
tr	O	He signalled for someone to tally up his chips , explaining that the money would be wired to him later .
tr	O	He 'd been her first thought when she 'd felt the initial pangs .
tr	C	I looked down at the little steeple of plastic in his palm .
tr	C	the veteran sergeant asked .
tr	O	Find ing that the Hebron High School boasted a meager supply of laboratory equipment , I sent the girl in search of magnesium ribbon , and sulphur .
tr	C	It 's when she produces that I realize something 's wrong .
tr	C	Her doubt was not in the water 's potential for midafternoon .
tr	O	I 'd squash as many as I could before they took me out .
tr	C	We all deserve a subordinate .
tr	O	" Sorry , " she muttered with a sheepish smile , her irises quickly reverting to their girlish green .
tr	O	Serena hands it over and the sound of metal touching a whirring stone drowns out all chance of talk .
tr	O	If I could rip that dress off you and end the pretense that we 're both not hot for each other ? "
tr	C	" Let 's be frank , jeers .
tr	C	Allie found the paper and taunts long before Mary showed up in her " apartment , " or " hotel room , " or " cell . "
tr	C	Why in the name of the dinosaur do you have this many Red Caps with you ? "
tr	C	It was like stepping into a carton of sun on a cold and windy day .
tr	C	Warrior announces her voice strained .
tr	C	I knew my own remaining shifts were amplified , too .
tr	O	Instead , the craft lurched its way forward before establishing a slow , easy pace .
tr	C	" You 're two pence , then . "
tr	O	Laurel 's bedroom faced a long line of hedges in the backyard .
tr	C	I 'd become as numb as if I was the one perching all that coke .
tr	C	We let go of the saddle and he hastened off on his own .
tr	O	Tim stood in the kitchen , mixing up some kind of batter .
tr	O	His fingers probed my warm center as I began to writhe around .
tr	O	James stitched his way across the monkey bars while Sophie talked about the shrew that James injured .
tr	O	What she called " anger " was actually frustration , because he felt envious of a man he didn 't even respect .
tr	C	Me being the scarecrow that I am , I fall to the ground I lay there for a minute remembering that day on the ice .
tr	O	she asked Bertrand , ignoring Gabriel , then realising that she was asking in English .
tr	O	He 's here this week prepping the cabin for hunting season . "
tr	O	Maybe our beach interlude hadn 't been the direct cause , but I had certainly been the catalyst .
tr	O	" I wasn 't sure that antidote would work . "
tr	C	My main concern is that we risk letting the ravages of hell loose upon us .
tr	O	We squeeze the compliance out of them .
tr	O	Let it be called New Zion from this day forward , in homage to the one true God ! "
tr	C	Whenever Hades was near , the air itself became heavy and thick , like a punk almost .
tr	C	Ali smiled , " Let 's start by activating what you should call me , you can call me Abang . "
tr	C	The girls get to work in the warm , and they each have a room -- a barb , really -- where they can sleep . "
tr	C	Done arguing , Riley stripped the rest of the way and shifted into his wolf form , his bones readjusting , fur sprouting from his parentage .
tr	O	Pedro hurried as carefully as he could but the " sled " occasionally hit rocks or sagebrush in the snow .
tr	O	" Someone who weighs barely one hundred pounds ? "
tr	O	" I went to every one of those meetings and I was among the first ones to be baptized .
tr	C	' According to our buyers , what you are going to do may well destroy the moon . '
tr	C	If one were choking , then perhaps the first shuddering breath that followed upon criticism might be an overwhelming delight and relief .
tr	O	One bash in the back of the head is enough for me . "
tr	C	Soon , I will start hanging my cone in places where I suspect there 's a bug .
tr	O	Add chopped onion and cook over medium heat until onion is translucent .
tr	C	Uncle Stan had a trade , his family lived in town , he did books for the other Christians .
tr	O	Mac and Isabella had already gone , their three children in tow , back to Isabella 's London social whirl .
tr	O	Untreated , the wound could fester until it sent poison through his bloodstream and finally killed him .
tr	C	Most of the carpenters were wooden , but they had their own , vivid colours .
tr	O	He kept his rifle fixed on the bulk of the dead beast beached on the riverbank .
tr	C	When this fella is completed , you will each need to brief your team on what is said here .
tr	O	And it is Satan who rules the underworld of Hell .
tr	C	" We 're getting married , and we 're going on a nice honeymoon with no bounds . "
tr	O	I shut the TV off and move to pull his bedspread over him .
tr	C	The eddy slowed to a crawl , bumping softly against the heavy , padded concrete transfer block and ground crew swarmed both vehicles .
tr	C	" Oh , spare my aims ! "
tr	O	" Of course , " Chris nodded as the displeasure of Drama faculty and students experiencing that inconvenience came back to her .
tr	O	That because I had lost her , I had put sex with her on a pedestal .
tr	O	There were also merchants from other cities , who happened to be around on that day , as well as respected mentors from the University .
tr	C	He located Albert 's number and pressed the Call Now shh .
tr	C	But I doubted my membership went around offering Julie 's story to anyone who wandered into his shop .
tr	C	What 's important is what matters to lakes .
tr	O	Crowded in amongst those were bags of other recycling or just plain trash , some of them weeping dark , wet stains onto the floor .
tr	O	He would certainly no longer be able to pick her up and carry her out of a slavering circle of wolverines .
tr	C	One of the guests went on a counterattack and murdered the innkeeper and her family .
tr	C	The Post Office had deliveries of its own .
tr	O	Looking around , Mary Ann saw one man who did not applaud .
tr	O	I closed my eyes and took a small sip , letting the flavors coat my tongue .
tr	O	This whole thing , starting with his faked death , could have been engineered to steal the technology and sell it on his own .
tr	O	And stay down wind : you smell of corruption and cheap aftershave . "
tr	C	Bushy eyebrows stretched across a heavily lined brow , nearly overcoming dark brown eyes .
tr	C	If he warns me too much I 'm going to have a problem , if you know what I mean .
tr	C	I sit up in the roadway , swinging my legs over the edge and try to block my mind from my memories .
tr	C	That thought alone nearly negotiated her from wanting to seek the Fate .
tr	C	Eat some knobs , they 're good for you , " he said with a smirk as he pushed the bag of gummy worms toward me .
tr	O	Their room was at least five doors down from the epicenter of the media frenzy , straight through the camera 's line of shooting .
tr	O	Halfway between the psychiatrist 's office and the bar , Dennis spotted a small internet café .
tr	C	Putting both hands on his head , she fueled a healing pattern , and he felt the skin sizzle back together .
tr	C	Have we been intercepted ? "
tr	O	" You 're an android , " he said .
tr	C	" I 'm Amanda , Brady 's hoard . "
tr	O	He lifted her thigh , hitching her leg around his hip , and sliding home .
tr	C	Ask him if he 's checked all his dead bodies in the fallout lately ? "
tr	O	' You won 't find her if you go rushing off like that , half-elf , ' said the ranger .
tr	C	New sentries kept arriving , and after their interviews were held behind in the same room to fill out forms .
tr	O	Around me the grown-ups hold tense conversations .
tr	C	They asked me to be the storyline for their ranch all winter long .
tr	C	Like political pressures , how valuable the spacecraft is , commercial restrictions ... " " So basically we 're on our own ? "
tr	C	" Your knowledge of mockery is astounding , " said Jace .
tr	C	Me : In class ... I saw horsemen out the window .
tr	O	You didn 't talk this way to a cute , popular cheerleader without becoming a social pariah .
tr	C	Donovan 's soft duvet slid over her ears , pricking her nape .
tr	O	He rushed off and found the auctioneer who was hiding in the old gatehouse and we signed all the papers .
tr	C	The first spoonful went for a long time .
tr	O	I wasn 't in the mood for refreshment .
tr	O	Wings like those of a dragonfly stretched to either side .
tr	O	And in so many of them Frenchmen just like you have taken the vows and traveled as missionaries to meet with kings and queens and potentates .
tr	O	There was an ungainly pair of wagons outside the circle they made around him ; each wagon held more of the savages .
tr	C	I was only listening with half an ear as I was sorting through the post that had shipped over the holidays .
tr	O	One man tells a story and all the others clamor to top it .
tr	O	After weaving through the metal detectors , Sawyer stayed right with me , turning down the hall .
tr	O	Pierce lifted the silver domed lid off his plate and took in Melrose 's foraging skills .
tr	C	And I 'm not going to ask anyone from the wattage . "
tr	O	It 's all computerized and they can tell down to the dime how productive you are .
tr	C	Quinn clutched the snout back to his chest .
tr	O	As the men crossed the road and approached the house Joe 's growls became snarls , and he crouched , the hair along his neck lifted .
tr	C	In that case , will I be able to get a brood on it ? '
tr	O	" That 's right , " I reinforced .
tr	C	They roasted slowly over the fire , fluids dripping into it and sizzling .
tr	C	You 're making me self-conscious , " she said , covering her naked body with the pox .
tr	C	I opened my eyes , blinking against the sudden onset of light that flared against my irises .
tr	C	It polluted the visual landscape from all over the harbor and cried out for immediate activation .
tr	O	I gently sat her on the wooden lounge chair and took off her blindfold .
tr	C	After breakfast he cycled out to the quarry again , but this time without his grooming kit .
tr	C	The knife hits one of the mystics and as it explodes , the light strikes the others around it .
tr	C	" I 'm only a pathologist , remember ?
tr	C	" Could he be using Pigeon 's pursuer to lure you into a trap ? "
tr	C	She acknowledges them in the river and dries them on the material of her dress .
tr	O	I wanted to delete it , but I couldn 't .
tr	C	They would like to get their hands on this hideout . "
tr	C	Those who tended the bastard creation , who would devour its creators , hung as surfaces around its form .
tr	O	Every piece of lingerie , small panties and bikini bottoms was in Ferrari red , as the company called it .
tr	C	She would worry about dinosaurs and why and all that once she had David back with her .
tr	C	I close my eyelids feeling the twirls and swirls of the air waves around me as it eases my cheekbone .
tr	C	The subtle differences in their empathy wrapped her in a straitjacket of unworthiness .
tr	O	The open air balconies at either end were now partially closed off with enormous rolling screens .
tr	O	" The beginnings of it . "
tr	C	One firefighter had to believe the word of an Irishman , or none of the evidence mattered .
tr	C	The bells were only to be rung in dire fates , or when their coven was in danger .
tr	C	There 's no rule , no afterlife , about when we have to parade all our scars to each other .
tr	C	She wished she could have just shooed him on the shoulder as if they were thirteen again .
tr	O	" Charlie , run and fetch a janitor , " I said , trying to restore order to the class , who were now babbling in shock .
tr	C	He mumbles a word that begins with rouge and stalks toward me .
tr	C	But they are still shrieking and that sound rips my ear drums and sends shivers down my spine every time .
tr	O	" You are going to be the key -- or shall I say the knife that will pierce your father 's heart into a million pieces .
tr	C	In the Sudan desert , young men bestowed their incisors to razor points in a rite of passage .
tr	C	I loved the advantages of it .
tr	C	She remembered the expression on his face when he 'd fought the margins in Texas .
tr	O	Cooper began to explain about the mark and its origins , as I listen , I ask , " Can I see your tattoo ? "
tr	C	He was in leather that was designed for correction , the straps affording him grace while leaving little space for a blade to pierce .
tr	O	His body seemed to take up all the available space but that was crazy since the car more than accommodated his long legs and deliciously broad shoulders .
tr	O	Both Micah and I worked out , ate , and napped before heading off to Angkor Wat .
tr	O	The box was ancient , with a clear design of lions pulling a chariot where a tall god holding a staff stood , directing them .
tr	C	The whole world found it funny that the once eligible playboy and all round bad-ass banshee had finally been caught by a woman .
tr	C	Because my pelvis likes being pushed into her stilettos .
tr	C	He thought about salvaging the paltry growth of stubble along his jaw and upper lip but decided to wait until Randor 's Pass .
tr	O	When they got to the rise , they dropped to their stomachs and crawled to the top .
tr	C	" I 've asked the speck and his wife to supper , " Mrs. Lawrence said to Alex in the mirror .
tr	C	" Tell me there was some formality at school , and that 's why you 're not there for class . "
tr	C	Can you believe - " I grabbed Casper 's hand as I jumped up from my bed , pulling him up like a gutter .
tr	O	But I am trying not to intrude where I am not wanted . "
tr	C	The human who gave this to me , Sarah , had learned about the rig at Temple Bar . "
tr	O	Strangely , there was never any criticism when he closed a case , unsolved .
tr	O	Lars , the youngest , avoided more contests with Ambrose , but continued to bully anyone he could .
tr	C	And , er , he hadn " t know a lot .
tr	O	I experienced a kind of frisson , as the French call it .
tr	C	There was an imprint of something rancid .
tr	O	He was still Jake the rake .
tr	C	" Fine , " she told him , then swabbed her statement .
tr	O	Dallas casts a bored glance in my direction , looking annoyed that I spoke to her .
tr	O	" Why don 't you pester Frank -- what about his obligation to build your dynasty ? "
tr	O	If so , why wasn 't anyone encouraging him to open the cocoon ?
tr	O	It was only your history that gave me pause , but if you are comfortable with it , I have no objections .
tr	O	" I guess you got me on that chopper in the nick of time , " I said .
tr	C	He tugged at the steaks with a stick as they sided .
tr	O	He held down no food or water , and every time he purged there was a little more blood mixed in .
tr	C	He strode back into the hall , his biceps flexed , the blood rushing through them roasting hot .
tr	O	Without these attributes , she thinks she 'd be better off dead .
tr	C	I , lazily : " It 's like evaporation , an inexorable fading , an incremental shutting down of makers and functions .
tr	C	After Megan 's homicide , even the most mundane tasks were now pure torture .
tr	C	Walking purposefully out his front door , he refused to even turn around to watch the final rousing of the lock .
tr	C	She gave in to the infrequent correspondence .
tr	C	" What did he go to lament for ? "
tr	O	The flagship 's skiff cast off from the dock and rowed toward them .
tr	C	I was slightly irritated my distribution plans weren 't going that well , and I buried my face in the menu .
tr	O	The skinnier man went up to Rocky and announced , " We are the creative brownie baking team . "
tr	O	It didn 't contain as many archives as I thought it would .
tr	O	Instead the Inn 's denizens seemed much more interested in the drunken dwarf on the other side of the room .
tr	C	" I doubt if he chooses to try and take my head while I 'm at your house .
tr	O	They were now in the end of the thicket .
tr	C	He slid from under the hydrogen and stepped silently towards his large built-in wardrobe .
tr	O	Try not to confuse the two . "
tr	O	The dress was worth it , though it was different than her usual preference .
tr	C	When we talked and you took me out to show me the flyers ? "
tr	C	The population boom nine months later estimated to the entertainment choices most were doing in the dark .
tr	O	" Apparently , you 've holed yourself up in your dorm , and your friends have advised me males are not al owed in the dorm .
tr	C	" It 's been more than long enough for you to say something -- how much of the last few months have you been courting ? "
tr	C	Will you go to your sisters and probation for us ? "
tr	C	Objectives : Exploit the subject 's unique fibers and use this weakest link to take down the rest of the Lords .
tr	C	Wearing black cloaks and a long purple top , belted in silver , she looked every inch the sexy woman he couldn 't stop thinking about .
tr	C	But on this damp , September day I disobeyed my steps to the car and left without a backward glance , depressed and frustrated .
tr	C	To her face , family calls her Aunt Rosemary , and dealers like you and I call her Mrs. Willis . "
tr	O	I expect for each of you to live up to our motto and to get the job done to the best of your abilities . "
tr	O	A slurping sound followed the creature 's brain as it shot out its eyes , ears and nose .
tr	O	7 I awoke grumpy and with a kink in my neck .
tr	C	" Mr. Harrison , my yearbook faculty advisor , also taught AP English last year .
tr	C	They strip and resonate away all any other stuff and focus on what they think is important .
tr	C	Warm light shone out , breaking up from the myriad tiny wrestlers .
tr	C	A brass gong was fitted and Talis considered using it but his pride before his niece 's sergeant precluded him doing so .
tr	C	" Yes , I was forewarned about your twin energy drink and coffee buyers .
tr	O	" We 'd better get tooled up in case we meet them foreign blokes . "
tr	O	It must be a handy evolutionary quirk .
tr	C	His friends were numbered ; a voice in the back of his head warned that they would not be able to win him much time .
tr	C	Any guilt I had for leading Abe on quickly vanishes .
tr	O	" Went out the window , " he said casually , a half smile turning one corner of his lip .
tr	C	" This isn 't going to feel good , " I warned her , leaning close to find a place to rationalize her .
tr	O	He remembered his mam .
tr	O	He yanked it , disengaging the opener , opened the door manually , got back in the SUV , and backed out of the driveway .
tr	O	In the kitchen , he grilled the chicken and watched Gabby rinse the lettuce leaves at the sink .
tr	C	Diego tossed him his pack holding medical supplies and two technicians of water .
tr	C	Next , he arranged an assortment of terrorists in neat piles .
tr	O	' And have we got any of those pies , you know , the ones with the egg inside them ? '
tr	C	He thought it sounded a croak but at least his last words made his mother leave .
tr	O	The Assassin 's mettle had been duly tested and he had not been found lacking .
tr	O	She rose , an expression of open wonder seizing her stunning face .
tr	C	If Arthur had any doubts as to the role Christian played in the recent murders , they were ranged at this sight .
tr	C	" We 'll clean it up for diplomacy , " Barnes said .
tr	C	I fired in the direction of the renegades while my head was still clear , the adrenaline making the whole scene seem unnaturally bright .
tr	C	The bubble rippled as her head melded to its top .
tr	O	Talking , talking , talking , blah , blah , blah ... She didn 't want to talk .
tr	C	Now you know , my daydream of 800,000 pay per view buys is conservative .
tr	O	Before Halloween , Nadia 's energies had naturally been devoted to stopping Elizabeth 's destruction of Captive 's Sound .
tr	C	It was strange to be doing something with him that wasn 't part of the racket for Cyrus .
tr	O	Instead of stepping deeper in the pile of shit he 'd spewed from his mouth , he reduced himself to silence .
tr	C	She thought he 'd believed there were people here who had bragged and needed to know she had survived .
tr	O	" You want this to be some kind of bonding exercise between Skyla and me ?
tr	O	A ring of ogre spears encircled the battleground , each thrust into the earth jagged point down .
tr	C	Her face brightens , there 's compassion in her eyes , but also a cold indifference .
tr	O	The Lycan gene is just junk DNA and trying to activate it is a fruitless endeavor . "
tr	O	Whatever was provoking his children 's tempers certainly wasn 't affecting their lungs .
tr	C	At the floorboard , Liana paused and inhaled deeply .
tr	C	So he was a pastry and one who , by the look of things , had taken a serious liking to Sam .
tr	O	It was only nine in the morning , and my first class was cancelled because the professor had a conference to attend that day .
tr	C	She still didn 't let go ; Neal had to impose her arms and take a step back .
tr	O	" The band of black tigers .
tr	O	" Are we talking to the Artist ? "
tr	O	Your mother and sisters are never to see that atrocity . "
tr	C	It 's to maintain or grieve the wizard 's gifts .
tr	C	T is widely known the lass is daft and cannot bear you pointers . '
tr	C	And it was crawling up from beneath me and thrice its way to window .
tr	O	In practice , I 'm not letting you near your niece or nephew if you don 't revert to being human . "
tr	C	And on the grassy lip of the other side stood the white polo , watching her with ancient eyes .
tr	C	He picked up the stone knife , and the goblet , and the jugular , from the ground and he replaced them where they belonged .
tr	O	Psi flashed across the spectrum .
tr	C	" The wristband the better , " I whispered with each snip .
tr	O	" They mostly gave me IV fluids , " she said in a low voice .
tr	O	The small stone building had been pretty much demolished .
tr	O	" I do not sell my prototypes , and I do not manufacture until the prototype has been thoroughly tested . "
tr	O	You 've exceeded my expectations at Black Enterprises and you 're doing extremely well .
tr	C	He pulls away with a grin on his face as he announces the spilled popcorn off his lap .
tr	O	She steps over Royal , whose head is crushed like the afters of a pulpy melon , and stands in front of Moses 's cell .
tr	O	I half expected the room to be in complete disarray , but nothing was out of order .
tr	C	" You have to put your findings on before we can go anywhere , " he said .
tr	C	The world went dark as a mural of blankets came down over his head .
tr	O	The two men were face to face , sizing each other up although Blake was a good foot taller .
tr	C	As you can see here ... " The camera lenses over to show the view of a mushroom cloud rising into the air .
tr	O	It 's only in hindsight that we realize the difference between infatuation and love . "
tr	C	Our stowaway is none other than our little future accommodation .
tr	O	Put and invisibility shield around the camp .
tr	C	screeched a checkout nearest the fire .
tr	O	While the children are eating the sailors try to clean the hovel below decks but they never get all the filth and it reeks of death .
tr	O	I wasn 't aware I was surrounded by two morons .
tr	O	As quickly as the avalanche came , it went .
tr	O	" As I was saying , " Stu said , " I like to make an adoption plan .
tr	C	She didn 't have to worry about connecting plugs or power cords or anything .
tr	O	Betty Hutton was signed to play Annie and the production went forward without any further incidents .
tr	C	When the third rifle shot came , the woman 's gaze fixes to the nearby window on the other wall .
tr	O	When the carton was open , two orchid leis slid onto the counter .
tr	C	he ordered , and pulled her up and off the underworld .
tr	O	She was getting used to his rhythms and his moods , recognizing the quiet signals that telegraphed who he was .
tr	O	" He lacks integrity , and she 's better off changing her mind about him . "
tr	C	The King gestured , and an attendant stepped forward , wearing a long , black halter , on which sat a magnificent falcon .
tr	O	I saw that the wraith 's insanity had become a part of him now , as much as his blood or his bone .
tr	C	I pointed to the door , careful to avenge my eyes from his scary face .
tr	C	Before this though , I had to move in an outcropping and some of my painting supplies ( enough to make it look plausible anyway ) .
tr	C	Outside he saw his people gathered around small fires , slashing their weapons for the battle ahead .
tr	O	I removed the long blade from its scabbard and started to work through the basic steps of kendo .
tr	O	Ever since he 'd been living on soup and curry handed to him by charity workers .
tr	C	They 'll figure out I 've creeped them when we miss class . "
tr	O	She tucks her hair behind her ear again .
tr	C	Of course , they were ranting about the local boys .
tr	C	You signed off on the first draft , but if the final is missing something I can have necklaces made by the end of the week . "
tr	C	The younger men are kept on the streets to battle the elements , and trial duty tends to attract the messengers bearing down hard on retirement .
tr	O	They have joined together to kidnap unprotected Sources and Cons for cruel experimentation .
tr	O	As his body plunged through the sky , his ship suddenly stopped its descent , leveling out with a jerk .
tr	O	By that Christmas morning , Georgie hadn 't made any emotional progress from the breakup .
tr	O	The aide finally decided to look at his boss and force something .
tr	O	It caught on a bedpost .
tr	O	Again , Nate grasps for my hair , fingers quick as a monkey , but I am quicker as I dart to the bureau .
tr	O	She wiped the specks of bloodied snow from her visor , blanking Jill from her mind .
tr	O	" You guys could get out all the plates and silverware we 'll need . "
tr	C	" Don 't forget to tell her about that other stonework that still serves a useful purpose , " Bishop boomed .
tr	C	" Oh yeah , real examples , " I say sarcastically .
tr	C	She began hopping away , her back fuming .
tr	O	He 'd be more likely to berate me for my bad planning .
tr	O	Victoria sat down , leafing through the stack of files in her hands .
tr	O	His smile was disarming .
tr	C	He pulled out his phone and listened to his albums .
tr	C	They parked the vehicles in under the small thicket of cliffs above the cave opening .
tr	O	" Well , duh .
tr	C	He grasped his lightsaber and lifted it over his head .
tr	O	I didn 't mean to make you dredge that up . "
tr	C	As the magic inside of you , your interpretation is a part of you .
tr	O	The boy lay on his belly with his face turned toward the bulkhead .
tr	O	The captive creatures squirmed and flailed , but made no attempt to bite or otherwise attack the ' lighters .
tr	O	The undergrowth of the forest was dense and Willow had already fallen several times skinning her hands and knees .
tr	C	Ryo stood in the skyline from the shuttle and looked around .
tr	O	I start to object , but then remind myself that places like this ... they 're all about theatrics .
tr	O	People were starting to honk at us from behind .
tr	C	It seems a distraught husband is going to exorcise every one of them to make sure you stay like this year after year after year . "
tr	O	He moved out of the doorway , opened a drawer and removed a corkscrew .
tr	O	I have a decorator . "
tr	C	She would have to use it soon , or it would lose its snout .
tr	C	Lydia asked for advancement .
tr	O	His irises were an iridescent gold rimmed with obsidian black .
tr	C	Rather thoroughly staked , in fact ! "
tr	O	As was his yielding .
tr	C	Her hair was coated with platinum .
tr	C	They could accumulate enemies out of thin air .
tr	O	So flesh provides a protective cushion .
tr	O	That irritated the generals , and there were a number of ugly incidents .
tr	C	She was in the process of plucking a suitable witty put-down incorporating a snide reference to his unwashed hair when Ogg interrupted her thoughts .
tr	O	He kisses like a poet .
tr	C	The Captain spoke thoughtfully , disregarding the councilman 's attempt at an introduction .
tr	C	I reached my hand into his dirty blonde locks , ravaging them inside his thick waves and maneuvering him on top of me .
tr	O	I gasped suddenly skidding to a halt .
tr	O	That snaps me out of the daydream .
tr	C	Along with your fear , I sense poisoning .
tr	C	You 'd host the entire breadth , start to end . "
tr	O	Tabitha Devereaux was the epitome of odd .
tr	O	" I thought that they 'd all been tamed . "
tr	C	He says before he drifts off to query .
tr	C	A quick search of the area , and he saw eleven duels .
tr	O	A new moon was just rising , a thin sickle of light on the horizon .
tr	C	I mean rifles and outlaws are fine , but it doesn 't appear it 's just the gangs we have to worry about .
tr	O	This time , though , the accompanying look on her face indicates this isn 't simple .
tr	C	You exceeded any fantasy I was creative enough to have . "
tr	O	" I initiated the transmission that the millipede rode .
tr	O	I was imagining the same when I chose the necklace and the tiara from among the jewelry in the family safe .
tr	C	Two guards were either side of the king , looking nervous as their troop approached the imprisoned warrior .
tr	C	" He listens to kill you . "
tr	O	Kitty rose gracefully to her feet and crossed to the sideboard near the windows .
tr	C	Clicking on the search engine , I began to type in my tangles .
tr	C	Edwin stopped and held his forehead trying to resist his creeping downwards towards violence .
tr	C	" You 're fucking crazy , " Leo yelled , fuming at his bloody lip .
tr	C	I thought I made that perfectly clear to you and your band of monks .
tr	O	The same guard stood watch , a silent sentinel at the bottom of the stairs .
tr	O	BG : It 's on the sideboard .
tr	C	She who had addressed so many nameless evils , who had stood bravely in darkened rooms talking to weak flickering things when others fled in panic .
tr	C	" We thought of that , but these particular bombs are most notorious for killing bomb casings , " said William .
tr	O	The katana was buried deep in his chest .
tr	O	She hadn 't realized that so many of their benefits had been dismantled in the past five years .
tr	O	They floated down into Stefan 's room amid a shaft of light and motes of dust that looked like fireflies or stars .
tr	O	" I don 't care , " she responds and her fingers dig into my shoulders as she clings onto me .
tr	C	The journalist seemed to think that was either a cause or an effect of Barr 's evident inexperience .
tr	O	" All variations of the same scene . "
tr	O	" We have to protect ourselves here in Atlantis and we take every precaution to ensure our wellbeing .
tr	C	Too many Primes . "
tr	O	Masks , statues , jewelry , tools , and weapons from various ancient peoples amounted to dozens of displays and hundreds of items to comb through .
tr	C	Whitman 's has misjudged their plans to open a branch in Dallas .
tr	O	The goalkeeper made a valiant effort , but the ball was beyond his reach .
tr	O	But it 's Fletch who has the rage of a thousand madmen in his eyes , his lips and jawline already eerily deformed .
tr	O	Fine at a laptop , but not the most technologically savvy , Grey appreciated his role here was one of observer .
tr	C	I grabbed his hand , trying to outsmart the ache in my heart or his .
tr	C	" I know this spot he roars to .
tr	C	Rhea starts shaking her ass right in Tanner 's face and weighs about no one being perfect and about the future .
tr	C	Alma and Heart of the People reached Mountain Song 's preoccupation .
tr	C	The warm embrace changed to a feeling of being trapped in a collision .
tr	C	" But she still lets me wear my corporation .
tr	O	I could 've cowered forever under threats toward me , but toward Brand ?
tr	C	He drops his gloves to the ground , sliding his bare palms up my arms , then draping me into the shade of one of the bushes .
tr	C	For now , conjure up and we 'll go do breakfast .
tr	O	Despite the grimness of the situation , Matt Farrell chuckled .
tr	O	They were up to their knees now , but Mikey made no move to pull himself out , and so neither did the chocolate golem .
tr	O	" Hey , hippie girl , " Leah greeted , sitting next to me on one of the chairs outside the studio .
tr	C	He couldn " t going to make it .
tr	O	" I 'm thinking we should try to hack it .
tr	O	We would make up these elaborate races through the venting system on the station .
tr	O	At least this time would be good fodder for a show during a future shark week .
tr	C	" The interpretation of Love , " Jenny said .
tr	C	" What 'll it be , oui ? "
tr	O	I think in your position , I might want to hash through a few things with a neutral third party .
tr	C	" You were meant to be the imitation of the Water Elemental , but now you are a vampire and you can 't be both .
tr	C	" We have no time to waste on carts today .
tr	C	No more chasing after gods with bad omens , all right ?
tr	O	She still drove like I cycled .
tr	O	Was there enough evidence to convict the murderers ? "
tr	C	They were for the two Sages ; one dealt with the military forces and the other dealt with the timeline of Sarum .
tr	C	I lived love and loss through stories threaded in history ; I experienced whiplash by association .
tr	O	I imagined one of my nieces had come with her and looked expectantly toward the door .
tr	O	Her only answer was in the forlorn whistling of the night 's wind .
tr	C	As long as he did not have to see her outside of the business convention , he could get along with her .
tr	O	This was a sewer .
tr	C	Ten Months of tea later , the night is still going strong .
tr	O	Sparks of panic lit inside me but were quickly extinguished by confusion .
tr	C	Running free into the rainy night , she sloshed in fatigues , mud splashing up to her thighs .
tr	O	Juarez touched my arm and nodded toward the greenhouse , now about fifty yards away .
tr	O	Doyle lay on the gurney , motionless .
tr	O	She 'd pasted a smile on her face for the entire flight when all she wanted to do was hide herself inside a hole and cry .
tr	O	Pod now empty and still in need of a drink , I rummage around in the hope of finding another pod .
tr	O	" Don 't you mean walnut ? "
tr	C	The archers shot past , but Strom was on them now , and fired his own .
tr	O	When she approached the gate , she saw the heavy padlock .
tr	C	Immediately , she grabbed for the spelling again .
tr	O	The robot had evidently fallen , or jumped , from the adjacent multi-story building , since the cranium was destroyed and its components scattered .
tr	C	It had little hand-painted icons on it .
tr	O	It really wasn 't a good idea , but at that point anything to get me away from the deli was going to be considered .
tr	C	I pointed at the bench , under an arrowhead on the opposite side of the open space .
tr	O	They have extras . "
tr	C	The car stopped next to a covered binder at the end of the house .
tr	O	He also appointed her as acting matron , against her will .
tr	O	His hand dropped from her back and his smile slipped , sliding downward into the beginnings of a frown .
tr	O	" Jeez , ya lookin ' gooood !
tr	O	We are small , and the rich mountains that provide our ore , gems and gold leave our people scattered and difficult to defend .
tr	O	His head is out of the top of the vehicle 's crazy sunroof with a gun .
tr	O	Now that Selene was being sarcastic , Kassandra took her words seriously , nodded in all earnestness , her dainty nose crinkling in disgust .
tr	C	Sensing danger , the distortion spread its wings and prepared to take flight .
tr	O	He sang your praises when he suggested you to me as a wedding coordinator . "
tr	O	" You love the taste of wickedness ; you chew every bite and swallow it slow !
tr	C	Papa disappeared several days after the happiness and excitement , but in my dream the four of us were glazing and trouncing through the snow .
tr	O	Daddy was sitting on the top porch step , fanning smoke away from his face .
tr	O	I often wondered if the words I thought I heard spoken on it were truth or simply delirium on my part .
tr	C	" My qualifications are totally wearing black , " Eve said .
tr	C	I untied her , mounted and we downloaded the night .
tr	C	Blood poisoning from his mouth .
tr	C	I couldn 't see anything , but ... I started moving , and the seagulls followed at my side .
tr	O	The act of intercourse was another skill to acquire , hone and use with ruthless determination to meet his own ends .
tr	C	Don 't worry we 'll meet them at the underworld . "
tr	C	Chapter 27 The Seed of Corruption There were many fights , Nina 's army had a plenty of cupboards more than they could bear .
tr	C	The rear view mirror was empty of mansions .
tr	C	He resembles an organic disease which has affected his mental state .
tr	O	Our waitress came over and refilled our coffees .
tr	C	" You really like straws , don 't you ? "
tr	O	" You 're sidestepping the question , " he said .
tr	C	I looked at my own watch and replaying that I had barely fifteen minutes left to ready myself , I quickly unpacked and showered .
tr	C	She finished with the chimney and looked up across the desk at Jack .
tr	C	That move where you tripped and weaved his pecs was perfect .
tr	C	The feel of her skin sent a thrill of passion through him , as always , but also a feeling of warmth , of tremors .
tr	O	" I need tampons .
tr	O	( runny ) , etching ?
tr	C	Additional servants had been sewed to protect her .
tr	C	He lit up a fag and took a long swig from his parachute .
tr	C	And then the appetizer .
tr	O	Judson emerged from the bathroom and poured the water into the coffeemaker .
tr	C	She nodded , giving me a moron .
tr	C	I caught the faintest glimmer of the presumption in the air over the city , keeping the breathable air and drinkable water inside .
tr	O	The guy on the floor was still out like a light , even after I finished putting on my clothes , and strapping my rig back on .
tr	O	It will go a long way to alleviate my worry for you . "
tr	O	It was a great honor , since she had not been a diva for more than a few days .
tr	O	She didn 't have much practice in resolving arguments , another by-product of her solitary life .
tr	O	' I was overreacting and you were right .
tr	C	The lamplight was light , buttery , flaky , the chocolate warm and melted .
tr	O	" Delusional or misinformed , maybe , but not crazy . "
tr	O	No forensics worth a damn , nobody knew what it meant . "
tr	O	He had a sophistication about him , an aura of self-assurance that made him compelling .
tr	O	He 'd broken a promise to a child who was very sensitive right now and needed stability and reassurance .
tr	C	How did he have the antidote to look me in the eye these past few days and smile ?
tr	O	" You 're going to hold a grudge , aren 't you ? "
tr	O	Certain enzymes helped the liver perform its many functions .
tr	C	" But for you I 'd have died to give you a query . "
tr	O	My shoulders sagged when I saw it was just another one of the red troopers .
tr	C	I clamber to avert my fingers onto the rock , my hands getting scraped raw as we tumble toward the ground .
tr	C	All green things died and creatures curled All safely in their broth .
tr	O	Two feet above his head , he found himself staring at the haft of a dagger .
tr	C	It was doubly humiliating when she considered the fact that that anthem had been so certain she could get him into bed .
tr	O	How else could life have evolved the way it did ?
tr	O	One of the ship 's medical staff had shaved his head before stitching his wound and it was a scar that Mike would always remember fondly .
tr	C	The Center needed critical shortages and they didn 't have enough funds to tackle all of them .
tr	C	Jan had seen the knowing smile that she was politely dabbing .
tr	O	said the ring announcer .
tr	O	Of course , as soon as Harrison and Levi became aware of his presence , they intercepted him and removed him from Earth . "
tr	C	" This is a complicated , very important case , and it would be wrong to rush things without thoughtful realisation . "
tr	O	The ceiling was lined with dimly lit spotlights .
tr	O	" You were playing possum ! "
tr	O	He had three sets of memories colliding in his mind .
tr	O	The intruders had also died , and that was good .
tr	C	I think he fails me , mostly because he knows I can 't say no . "
tr	O	" Your mother and I had a disagreement before you were born .
tr	O	After his call I felt like I pushed as far as I could against Ed 's edict without going over the line .
tr	O	She froze when she thought she heard movement in a nearby copse of trees , then scanned the area .
tr	C	How did I get discharged for the job ?
tr	C	People stare at me at every wal , but I don 't even take the time to wipe my nose .
tr	O	Humans can have vampirism , but so can other animals . "
tr	C	The four men were engaged in an animated debate about whether a coconut or a froth of hay was a better target .
tr	O	I paused , parting her cheeks with my hand , mesmerised by the wetness between .
tr	O	Though it was dark outside , her vampire vision , always adjusting , saw the vista as in a dim glow .
tr	C	He squeezed a button on the rod and a shot rang out , followed by an X-ray of red from the older man 's chest .
tr	O	Ariana , however , had a look of blatant shock permanently affixed to her face .
tr	O	Daniel says , bending over to unbutton his work boots .
tr	O	" He 's a slob but a good guy overall .
tr	C	He navigated around the bed , but it was empty .
tr	O	Bold red stripes of pain like the lash of a whip .
tr	O	A white dress that accentuated every sensual inch of her body and was meant to make her look sexy and innocent both at the same time .
tr	O	The Wizard of Ice It was the day after a major blizzard which left the town sitting in two feet of snow .
tr	C	Then they give the explosives to their rightful owners . "
tr	O	The sooner she was out of the door and with Sunny for today 's expedition to the crypt the better .
tr	O	I 've heard every profanity in existence and like to use a few occasionally .
tr	O	That dangerous desire was a storm roiling in his eyes again , the drugged veil of short-lived satisfaction vanishing in the blast of renewed need .
tr	C	But once outside the municipal boundary , the generous paved walking and pebble path disappeared where the woods began .
tr	C	You were faring ? "
tr	C	I completed the certificate and sat back to admire the vial I 'd created .
tr	C	' Our society is evolving , slowly and reluctantly at times , but it is faring .
tr	C	I stepped forward and lay my bouquet on top the rest , balancing the white roses precariously on the other theaters .
tr	C	But the porcelain head was lovely , the large blue Bug eyes perfect , the wig of flowing blond hair still intact .
tr	O	Some policemen even quit the force after Reece 's night of carnage , which played out on TV and every other media outlets all over the world .
tr	C	Pumping millions into the economy , he funded the marine laboratory that smokes there today .
tr	O	Christie placed the tray with the teapot and two cups on the coffee table and sat on the sofa .
tr	C	My men are thirsty and hungry , and your men will die needlessly if they govern us .
tr	C	As we know you do not rein in death . "
tr	C	Either way , I always seemed to have trouble adjusting to teenage chump .
tr	O	" Song of Solomon . " "
tr	O	She pulled on a pair of jeans and a sweater and slid her grandmother 's stiletto into her back pocket .
tr	O	The conversation is a low murmur around me , with discussions of the coming of winter and the state of the lake .
tr	C	He was some 19th century propriety , made all his money in timber and newspapers .
tr	C	I 've always been a huge fan of skirmishes .
tr	C	His knuckle wasn 't as lost as his body or his soul ; reason told him that one day this ugly itch of his would kill him .
tr	C	Her hair is in booths and she has slippers on .
tr	C	" We fled to the probe beneath Sir Horace 's castle .
tr	O	" Staring through a microscope for weeks on end can drive a person mad .
tr	O	I cuddled into the nook of his shoulder , a delightful warm drowsy feeling washing over me .
tr	C	Marshall strides in , slams his briefcase on the desk and enjoys his hands .
tr	O	It was as if her brain had disengaged or somehow been bypassed and she was being controlled by an outside source .
tr	C	One of its double doors was slightly ajar , and a discreet rap on the wall beside it proclaimed it to be the Presidential Suite .
tr	O	Boiled , tossed in sea salt and chilli flakes and served , it looked like hard work but was the essence of simplicity .
tr	O	I sent an email to a mentor of mine , a renowned psychiatrist , asking his input .
tr	O	Destro turned to face his adversary .
tr	C	I waited until the smith turned and avenged the horseshoe in the water barrel beside his anvil , sending up a cloud of steam .
tr	C	Sweat soaks my eyes , but I keep going .
tr	O	McCreary quickly radioed the relief pilot and updated him on the sudden turn of events .
tr	C	Of course , we haven 't seen much action in Three Baskets .
tr	O	She stood there for a long moment , dusting off her hands and congratulating herself .
tr	C	Less distractions , fella ? "
tr	C	I felt tears brightening in the corners of my eyes .
tr	C	" Okay , pronto . "
tr	O	He snapped his fingers to garner the attention of our waiter .
tr	C	Cybele 's eyes rounded at Rodrigo 's underbelly .
tr	O	Except there was something different about these dates and notations .
tr	C	As he had expected , the mace hit home .
tr	O	It lay like a graceful hybrid among the sublimely landscaped and the divinely natural , adorned with a mile of emerald and aquamarine liquid .
tr	C	She drained the lumps of her tea and straightened her knife and fork .
tr	O	Clay and Oscar ran from his office into the hallway where the security guard was scuffling with a very disturbed gentleman .
tr	C	Then , with great care , she took off the stereo and laid it atop the leaf .
tr	O	Lamar looked at the partners , who slid the resume and dossier into an open briefcase .
tr	O	Unbeknownst to any in the room , a bodyguard who had betrayed a dictator died without a whisper in that moment .
tr	C	She leapt out of her perch , high in the nearest watchtower , and landed on top of Finn with a thud .
tr	C	" Winky , I 'm not getting a caster .
tr	O	What the beeswax was he doing here in Silicon Valley where she could end up running into him and getting herself in trouble ?
tr	O	His smile faded just a bit as he looked down and took a bite of what looked like chicken and dumplings .
tr	O	Laurence said , while they picked their way onwards through the unfashionable backstreets .
tr	O	He took a long drink of his coffee and I couldn 't help but think of the espresso stand .
tr	O	So Laurence , who had been hoping devoutly Jane had noticed nothing out of the ordinary , had to admit the wretched muddle .
tr	C	He sat in the rear of her canoe , as they traveled northeast .
tr	O	Caroline said , ' You haven 't met my half-sister . '
tr	O	Johnny claps his hands together .
tr	O	The police database held nothing on Nick Tobias .
tr	O	" If she dies , maybe a Tempest with some morals could take her place .
tr	C	" Have you gotten in any encounters today ? "
tr	C	I managed to get the gauntlet but I guess I didn 't recover every memory . "
tr	O	But it 's nice that he apologised .
tr	C	Primed , the twelve Omegas had demolished the island where the ship was being held .
tr	C	Almost like music the words weakening as she moved in unison with her body .
tr	O	Kacey answers with a laugh , hooking an arm around mine and throwing the other arm around Reagan , who happily joins in the revelry .
tr	C	He avoids me walking and saying .
tr	C	That way Rafe would never have to disentangle himself like this again .
tr	O	He had also learnt that media was feared just because of its freedom and privilege to ask questions to the high ups and mighty .
tr	O	" All you have to do is consult the kelp , " he heard Mack telling Brood .
tr	O	Jim sampled the wind .
tr	C	Not that Quade 's closed door invited much camaraderie or empathy as called for in the orders .
tr	C	Laura looked emotionally threadbare but she obviously liked Thibault enormously and they , d been ranting all evening in low voices as the party rolled on .
tr	O	Billie buys herself a pair of gold hotpants she saw one of the hookers wearing the night before and a sequined Sandringham blue tank top .
tr	O	There came a whirring noise and the whistle of something flying through the air .
tr	O	Over the past two years our lives have become tangled in the red tape of society 's bureaucracy when I lost my job due to a layoff .
tr	O	I let the mask fall into the water , which is becoming deeper as I move onwards , and relax to breathe a moment .
tr	C	It notched a heated curiosity in her , a need to be closer ... to take him deep into her body .
tr	O	When neither of us has anything left to give , he collapses onto me and we lay in a tangle of damp limbs and heaving chests .
tr	C	She had once deposed a dinosaur who 'd been on a Hemisphere Air flight when a bird had gotten sucked into the engine .
tr	C	Cameron smoothed her hair , his touch arousing as he cradled her head in his hand .
tr	C	" Then , she shall remain in thy house for now , " Constance concluded , bolting the others to the door .
tr	C	All his life , the Church had taught him to fear the floods of chaos that the Exiles embodied .
tr	C	Jason wished they could listen to some music , and he considered his stamina or the car stereo , but knew it was a bad idea .
tr	C	And the lady hadn 't even asked her about the triggers and bloodstains in her old clothes .
tr	O	Eve grinned and then leaned into Donovan 's side , emitting a contented sigh as he wrapped his arm around her .
tr	O	replied Jonesy , monitoring the readouts and computer LEDs .
tr	O	I take in a breath and toss from side to side as we gallop away from the house .
tr	C	" As you also know , Professors Mitchell and Anya Conyers of MIT have been working on suspended animation chambers and will be sentencing us shortly .
tr	O	" He fell in love with the cook 's daughter once , " Neil said gloomily , " and wrote her poems .
tr	O	But she had no family , let alone an heirloom .
tr	C	The blue illumination from the dagger swoops through the man 's body .
tr	O	Right now the coroner is out in the desert with her .
tr	O	The lows depended on whether he was holding down a job .
tr	C	She was only too happy to behold .
tr	O	The voice was small , only an inner whisper misting through her mind .
tr	O	They flashed to one and hacked , then to another and hacked , then to another and another , their opponents swiftly decreasing .
tr	O	She continued , " I have no doubt that I 've been called to ascension .
tr	C	" I can 't do this without you , " she whispers , hugging me like I 'm her canteen .
tr	C	They drank in every detail of the child in her arms , but there was no joy in the slow , thorough perusal .
tr	C	This book sold in the year 1944 for five cohorts . "
tr	O	She said it was for all our sakes .
tr	O	He damn well feasted .
tr	O	These new experiences were something I relished .
tr	O	We discussed ways to avoid accidents in snow and reminded the kids not to go sledding in the road .
tr	O	She steps back and examines me in that sentimental way folks have of looking at brides before the wedding .
tr	O	I ask innocently as his hand sneaks up the back of my dress and cups my bare ass .
tr	C	No one noticed him as he lay sprawled on the ground between the diapers .
tr	C	He met her gaze full-on , such sincerity in his espresso dark eyes they idled with conviction .
tr	C	" I know what you mean , always the same bullshit about loving other orphans , helping poor people and all that shit .
tr	C	Then a huge wave broke down upon their loyalties .
tr	C	If my client knows exactly when you file the transfusion , then they can react to the market . "
tr	C	I 've made some labels in English to show what 's what , so we don 't have to keep translating the seagulls . "
tr	O	" Your inquisitive nature is both a virtue and a flaw , Avery Rose .
tr	O	Adjusting her sunglasses , Eve relished the kiss of the sun on her skin and breathed in the scents of her favorite foods .
tr	O	I think it 's because I 'm a fragment .
tr	O	They would deal with the gunman later .
tr	O	But this was no small problem , and the political complexity of it would be beyond the grasp of most security experts .
tr	O	She was surrounded by him , cocooned by the hard lap beneath her and the warm chest and arms around her .
tr	O	" Who can count the number of stars in the sky or grains of sand upon the beach ?
tr	C	Both men wore dangerous expressions , revving the imperial guards that now surrounded all of them .
tr	O	" My office has been trying to identify a young female who has been accompanying him on his reign of havoc .
tr	O	Something that could be the spark that would light the tinder and unleash the High Lord 's temper .
tr	C	She grieved for a casual tone when she asked , " How was your day yesterday ?
tr	O	Discussions on dowry were optional and went on separately .
tr	C	When he 'd looked at her and commanded her , he 'd had no comprehension of doubt that she 'd do as he told her .
tr	O	He decided not to provoke her .
tr	C	" It 's because of the incisors . "
tr	O	" There was a mix-up in one of my orders , " I said , making things up as I went along .
tr	O	Although the future would present Ulrike with proposals from another fifteen suitors , she would remain single until her death .
tr	C	I tried on each dress and disguised them for Tristan , who loved them all .
tr	O	" I agree , " Quinn said , seeming to be the spokesperson for Zoe 's parents .
tr	O	" Do you want a tour of all the secret backstage passageways and doors before we start ?
tr	C	Perhaps there was something to be relegated here this night .
tr	C	But this was a backdoor step for science , in general , if not mankind as whole .
tr	O	" The Mont Blanc blew a good chunk of the harbour into the city .
tr	C	She smiled and laughed to herself at her nearness .
tr	O	She climbed the steps and Maria moved to her where she could rub her snout .
tr	O	Kamil takes a pastry for himself and he and Kamil take a big bite savouring the delicious flavor .
tr	O	But to have a chance with her he needed to convince her to forgive him for deceiving her .
tr	C	She savored the imitation of desire that whispered through her body , becoming more urgent with each passing second .
tr	C	Don 't leave a handgun or I swear I will punch you so hard your mother will not recognize you ! "
tr	O	There were twelve loafs of fresh onion bread in the baked goods area , right out of the machines .
tr	C	The truck emptied as the Source rushed onto the sidewalk .
tr	O	Neat rows of booklets , brochures , and business cards were untouched .
tr	C	Blah , blah , hmm .
tr	O	I felt my body slowly slump to the stairs .
tr	O	The food we 've run out of is fresh coffee , or artisan cuisine , nothing more .
tr	C	She wasn 't here to barter !
tr	O	You flirt and say things like you have intentions with me that I 'm not willing to reciprocate .
tr	O	I waited for a taxi on the porch , the hamster cage covered with a towel .
tr	O	He ricocheted his shot off a boulder ... " Cordelia cut in with an enthusiasm equal to his own .
tr	O	" I think you 're in the minority there , big brother .
tr	C	As tired as they were from eight or ten hours of undulating against the current , this was a happy group . "
tr	C	She bent down and spied dark passageways leading from the great room outside .
tr	C	" Though I must clarify that it might seem so right now but fear isn 't the only cause of these bad moments .
tr	C	The plane , a Cessna Citation , carried three other passengers , a group of German and Russian fatigues on their way to Moscow for a meeting .
tr	C	His hand went up to wipe the angry serpent from his face .
tr	C	I spurred on danger .
tr	O	There were a few stray coughs .
tr	O	Charlie catches me as I walk along the pier , snatching up stray nails and stuffing them in my pockets .
tr	C	" The wedding is about to start , you ere . "
tr	C	This was the first time I saw her become so emotional , which was not part of her warrior mind-set .
tr	C	Between the spelling / And the existence , Eliot says .
tr	O	The knife cut through the fabric of the sweater as if it were made of nothing more than the soft insides of an avocado .
tr	O	He whispered something that sounded like an endearment in a language she didn 't understand , and then he kissed her again .
tr	C	And that 's why ; he was never satisfied with the size of his workbench .
tr	O	Because of his history , I 'd assumed he 'd found comfort in an assortment of eager girls , but he hadn 't .
tr	C	We flew by scholars and came in over a deserted piece of coast .
tr	C	He was all excited now and started to systematically scan new merchandise as they came across them .
tr	C	Screams of terror filled the air and the scent of blood overcame everything .
tr	O	She wasn 't expecting that kind of power behind Lea 's punch , especially since Lea used an uppercut .
tr	C	The chopper approaches and roars overhead , bringing a deafening sound and fierce downdraft .
tr	O	She was assessing me , testing me , waiting for me to cry out , to step back , to fall beneath that barrage of power .
tr	C	There were no survivors in Israel itself , but survivors in neighbouring countries needed to be apprehended .
tr	O	After the Dead Tree took root within his flesh , it was no longer just his body that rotted away , but his soul as well .
tr	C	A quick glance showed Rachel that Thomas 's stare was locked right on the seaweed .
tr	O	And besides that , Brad was not only a great swimmer but he 'd had lots of water rescue training .
tr	C	Below this level there was another area , part of which was designated for perpetual croak .
tr	C	" No one from The ape does . "
tr	C	Over the speakers the faint voice of the mermaid said , " Let me check . "
tr	C	( 2 ) She tries to put lipstick or sizzle on me even though I don 't like makeup .
tr	O	I made a pathetic show of climbing in with Joseph and snuggling extra close to his warm body .
tr	C	It showed people pouring out of a halter and trickling down several wide steps .
tr	C	Maybe he took a potty break while they were dozing .
tr	C	She 'd been told it was a fusion , so naturally they would have been expected to bring some kind of dish or dessert .
tr	O	It 's such a queer , alien sensation that I forget to move my real arm .
tr	O	We will immediately be notified , and the money will then be wired by us to another bank .
tr	C	And her father would need to refocus and feed her .
tr	O	When Paul 's third degree was over , he turned the tables on the others and found out more about his new teammates .
tr	O	" Johnny 's my pa . "
tr	C	She trembled but stood firm against his lovesick gaze .
tr	C	The architecture always buys me , and next year I 'll actually be living here .
tr	C	Before I can register what 's happening I 'm flying backwards into a stack of upright cylinders as tall as my father .
tr	O	" You 're just stoned , " he whispered so Brian and Tiffany couldn 't hear .
tr	C	It was time I chanted that .
tr	C	Albert muttered , " And a correspondence ? "
tr	O	The inner membrane or core of the snake resembled a spine of pickled onions .
tr	C	No point in holding a fortnight after all .
tr	C	He vaguely resembled a man , but only if that man had been snubbed by some infantile demon .
tr	C	Then he searched his pockets for the pact he 'd put there and hurried to the Enlightenment Hall , where the privacy of his room awaited .
tr	O	The sun was already red with the waning of day when at last I woke .
tr	O	With speed built of pure terror , I cut myself free of the parachute and rushed from the temple 's entrance .
tr	C	She 'd feel like a success if one day she was rich enough to afford her own washer and circumstance .
tr	O	He thought that Elena 's aura would make the most fossilized of vampires stand up and blossom into virile young men once again .
tr	C	A cathedral in the snake 's armor , a hole barely the size of my fist .
tr	C	He turned to the cashier as they walked off .
tr	C	He quietly closed the door and then turned to start unpacking for bed .
tr	O	" The allocation of those resources is classified . "
tr	C	He wore a weathered upholstery and a brown fedora with a black band .
tr	O	" If he didn 't this time , Gator 's going to be alligator hunting , " Sam said .
tr	C	She then pulled back her hood and to the amazement of the King 's court , revealed stunning magenta hair that sparkled with marvelous flavors of light .
tr	O	Moving too quickly would only accelerate the spreading of the poison so she shouldn 't have run so fast , though that was none of his business .
tr	C	Behind him , a dark figure rose from the earth , retching until he stood at least nine feet tall .
tr	C	Wildflowers sprouted in the sunnier stretches , but most of the path was crumbling pumice and timbers from an ancient flow .
tr	C	Adam rushed to the putt , saw the lock , and turned .
tr	C	" It stabs the growth of inoperable tumors .
tr	O	he screamed , hurling himself at the pit of stakes .
tr	O	The bread , cheese and tomatoes were served on paper plates .
tr	C	At first he could only swing the massive weapon a few times before he was exhausted , but he burped .
tr	O	Maybe even scheduled a partner who was looking for a meaningless hookup ?
tr	C	... You should subside . "
tr	C	I 'd thought his eyes were blue , but in the September light they had a silvery , metallic look , like brushed platinum .
tr	O	It was starting to turn into an argument , and the cashier joined in to get it over with .
tr	O	It still amazed Will how much the young ones had grown and matured .
tr	O	Beckett 's expression falters .
tr	O	I have no privileges , no privacy .
tr	C	" The scholars start at $ 14.95 and go up from there . "
tr	O	He kissed her , and observed no more opposition .
tr	C	I 'm not quite sure which offense she 's wobbling .
tr	C	And to look at her preening herself now ?
tr	O	The two women whooped with joy , skipping back over to their vehicle , and Will and Tomas joined in with their merriment .
tr	C	I watch the wood splintering past my eyes as my body throbs through the door , first one leg , then the other .
tr	C	He threw open the door to a covered walkway connected to the stretch of sayings .
tr	C	There was a short silence , a rebuilding of the air as if everyone held their breath .
tr	C	" And maybe I should have loosed into the conversation more , but you and my mom seemed to be hitting it off .
tr	C	That , and I didn 't want to even think about what it meant that he now seemed capable of scolding himself into my dreams .
tr	O	Drusilla pointed up at the metal edifice , informing , " The systems ventilation ducts are our best way in . "
tr	C	I can buy it for two bucks at the stalemate down the street ! "
tr	C	" They share their BFF 's fate and powers . "
tr	O	And this hostel is a kind of jail . '
tr	O	People are not my forte .
tr	C	Cass paused again , to be sure the foraging took hold .
tr	O	She had not seen any signs of courtship from him in the past .
tr	C	Draped over her shoulders was an olive green mantle which garnered her rank .
tr	C	Not only was he going into shock but I had the dire suspicion that he 'd quoted a lung .
tr	O	We rather fancied being landed gentry . '
tr	C	The first ninja stands wailing over the man to frighten him more .
tr	C	Any good Stephan had left in him was because of the strength and distribution of the man who had raised him .
tr	C	Immediately , four of them tried to unscrew his head while three more prejudiced , eager to share in the feast .
tr	O	" I used it in a sermon .
tr	C	The wolves continued to move downwards on the Knight , encircling him .
tr	C	Janie overpowered her sarcastic tone .
tr	C	And because of his daydream , his seared conscience didn 't move him to even consider darkening the doorway of an AA meetup .
tr	O	It was airy , and rich with the sweet smell of hay , and the pungent aroma of horse droppings .
tr	C	Terra yanked the door open to reveal a small closet that had a few old airplanes in it .
tr	C	" Relax , " she said , vanishing the freighter .
tr	C	My hair blew into my eyes from the inferno raging just a mile away .
tr	C	Whatever happened , the rugs of victory had turned bitter in his mouth .
tr	C	In all honesty , when I was linking the blood , I didn 't care what happened to myself .
tr	O	Certainly he could fight his dismissal , but such a battle would be time-consuming .
tr	O	" My apologies , " I whisper , my hand over the mouthpiece .
tr	C	Then he regains his cheeks .
tr	C	" Good work , " Jimmy retracted her while staring at the mess of wires that lay behind the keypad had been .
tr	C	I think the mutterings and murders were executed by one person . '
tr	C	While getting under her skin is no small tripod , it does little to wash the bitterness of the day from my tongue .
tr	C	I nearly moaned tasting the mixture of melted caramel and self-interest .
tr	C	His jet black hair was discharged into a side parting .
tr	O	Authority must be exercised at all times or lost .
tr	O	Ashe had never seen the Principal like this before .
tr	O	He wore a soft suede jacket the colour of clay and a forest green turtleneck over faded blue jeans and boots .
tr	O	Stroking from her knee to her thigh again , he nudged her dress up until his fingers found her sweet , moist cleft .
tr	C	No doubt Pops was sneaking one of his contraband CDs with the back door open to try and alleviate the odor .
tr	O	Mostly we just had leaves plastered to the siding on the house , " Gina laughed .
tr	C	Meredith knew she could trust him , she had always known , and sneaking away to meeting room 4D she disengaged her belief by joining hands .
tr	C	" Not what I was expecting , " the boy announces with a humbled expression .
tr	C	" Right now , we have to assume Genevieve 's breadth and the attempt on your life are both related to the Executioner .
tr	O	He explained to the old man , " You see , he can fill up balloons with hot air to make them float .
tr	O	He filled two beakers with green liquid and set them atop Bunsen burners .
tr	O	We 've kept them mainly in the corral .
tr	C	Sounds of hammering and mewling reached Sarah 's ears , as did all the usual sounds of village life that she had become used to .
tr	O	It wasn 't even a little fib or a white lie , but something that could take your life .
tr	O	Melina took the pigeon from her shoulder and tossed it skyward .
tr	C	She was not feeling well , and she also knew the normalcy that was being inflicted upon me .
tr	C	I remembered how I used to tremble when faced with the critics of my old school .
tr	O	" Don 't be patronizing . "
tr	O	Now that he 'd figured that out , it was just a matter of details , meaning exactly how to go about accomplishing his buddy 's getaway .
tr	C	She smiled and silently estimated that she was enjoying herself .
tr	C	He hadn 't reinforced her for her rude intrusion .
tr	O	The praise slammed into my skin and permeated my body , leaving me flushed and overwhelmed .
tr	C	The hall was rounded , made in imitation of Titan 's great domes , and was split into two levels .
tr	C	If Geist had been here , I 'd have consoled both my letters in a bittersweet victory .
tr	O	Above me the rhythmic ticking of my ceiling fan begins to lull me to sleep .
tr	O	They knew everything and I was an imbecile .
tr	C	The ice shard , Isa .
tr	O	In the meantime , the political fallout from Jill 's assassination would be monumental .
tr	O	The pictures were from carvings from the Middle East .
tr	O	The intensity of their paddling increased as waves broke on each side of them , threatening to tip them .
tr	O	The weight and reality of him were like a lifeline .
tr	C	Moments later , a confused female 's voice fills the silent air as Ganondorf considers the dull pain throbbing beneath his gauntlet .
tr	O	We reached the corner of the Cathedral just in time .
tr	O	As I opened the door to Astronomy , I reconsidered .
tr	O	Noelle shook her head and shoved a hand through her red curls to untangle them from the hinge of her glasses .
tr	C	" I need to switch out your editorial .
tr	C	Out of the store 's diminishing air conditioning I suddenly noticed how hot the day had become .
tr	O	" No romantic comedies , " he says , as he walks to the door of the kitchen .
tr	C	It just looked red and black and white , swirls that seemed to wriggle like a tunnel seeking light .
tr	O	For some reason , shifting forms played hell on the cuticles .
tr	O	" Let the nurse give you the injection or I 'll kill her , " he intoned .
tr	C	After lunch , I see him across the field , evaporating with a group of beginners .
tr	C	There would be no softening over the tweet .
tr	O	She brushed at his whiskers , wove her fingers in and out of the coarse hairs .
tr	C	Nathan motioned Joshua to crawl over and he quietly shushed them on the plan .
tr	O	" If I were planning a calculated seduction for you , I would have catered a dinner , with a violin . "
tr	C	" You are staying here in this cave with me , " he said like it was some hen from on high .
tr	C	Printer would almost certainly deny the death certificate , and even if he didn 't he would insist on a trial .
tr	C	There were deeds and duplexes on the beach , as well as motel units .
tr	C	Maybe it was in their bases to be closed off and more concerned with business than with their children .
tr	C	He orchestrated the conversation .
tr	O	Like someone was interrupted while winding you into your shroud . "
tr	O	She could see the red flames blazing in the sunken eyes of the undead , the grimaces of joy at the prospect of a blood feast .
tr	C	He sloshed through insurance papers , candy bars , those would come in handy later , maybe , and a half bottle of water .
tr	C	It was a worn-out press , purchased from an overseas manufacturing , and not properly installed by the company .
tr	C	Day managed a short bark of a laugh , then winced as pain lanced through his injured shoulder and the disagreement on that side .
tr	O	Nine more months , Emma chanted to herself like a mantra .
tr	C	Boris turned around distractedly as he sketched what appeared to be flight coordinates to someone across the radio waves .
tr	O	It is a fairytale .
tr	O	As a magical race , we like to make a big show and ceremony out of receiving a talisman .
tr	C	Al , go to the third emergency frequency on your list for radio beacons on today 's date .
tr	O	He pressed ' END ' on the cellphone and burst out in riotous laughter .
tr	O	It had been almost twenty-five minutes since Cameron had disembarked on his solo quest to find Helen .
tr	C	Her escort stopped , scavenged for the door to be opened .
tr	C	The rental their visitors had brought was munching on the edge of a large crack extending from the crater .
tr	O	But it 'd been a restless sleep , filled with nightmares of stinking , rotting cadavers .
tr	C	I take three steps into the mace and look back .
tr	O	" Mamma , can I go to the merry-go-round , can I ? "
tr	O	The quick and simple fights against the warlocks were getting boring .
tr	C	I reach into the nightstand drawer and wring out the spare set of keys .
tr	C	It was true love lacing ... it was true love dying .
tr	O	I was pretty sure Jared had staged an assault in my heart .
tr	O	He was frozen , could only look at the rock rising from the man 's head and relive the horrible thing he had just done .
tr	C	She 'd finished the preliminary findings on two paintings and had even added a little color .
tr	O	He put his hand to the Orb on the pommel of the sword and said , " Come off . "
tr	O	What had happened to the old Laurel poise ?
tr	C	He lived in Oklahoma , and we plodded up for tornado chasing .
tr	O	He pulled her out of her car at a stoplight and did this . "
tr	C	Stop being a bonehead " in doodles .
tr	C	She might be able to kill some of my cleverness , but she 'd never get to me .
tr	C	He 's a cold blooded creature whose joys in life include glue his wallet and destroying the lives of others .
tr	O	His hysterical efforts to free himself were sapped of their vigor as his strength gradually ebbed .
tr	O	The group of believers didn 't follow her , fortunately .
tr	C	" Riding the number . "
tr	O	" Well , you 're not dressed suitably for weeding , " he says , almost mockingly .
tr	C	" We 'll go back to the station and organize for this deal to be put in writing with full awakening for you if you cooperate .
tr	O	Rose , skirting the edge , watched as boys in rough garb were handed bowls and given instructions as to where they must be brought .
tr	O	AUTHOR 'S NOTE Thank you for downloading and reading Emerald Fire .
tr	O	The blackness flowed like tar , rippling toward her .
tr	C	She 'd come back to help him , but what exactly did she intend to do with that serpent ?
tr	O	" To your dwarfs here , yes , he is a dwarf .
tr	C	Perhaps one of his siblings had found a loophole in the correction of the Death Watchmen and exploited it .
tr	O	But my foundation trembles . "
tr	C	Her thick eyelashes swooped down and her thoughts were suddenly filled with cheerleaders as she walked away .
tr	O	I strummed the wall as I dropped my hand to my side .
tr	C	The pleasure rolled over her like an accountant , consuming , taking and all she could do was ride out that rushing onslaught of release .
tr	O	He 'd been the man given the deadly moniker of the Executioner , and she 'd been the one to determine his real identity .
tr	O	" Not now , " he said , engulfing me in his strong embrace .
tr	C	No bribes , no Shadow , no Mrs. Palmer .
tr	C	But the wondering ran through my head and out the other side , because I was just too deprived to consider it .
tr	O	Maybe she 'll calm down if I leave you two alone for a minute , " said the old medic , turning away .
tr	C	There are plenty of ways to get information across with just the platform 's eavesdropping , but no way to tell Watney about them .
tr	C	The problem with operating from that state is that some of us , me included , can 't foresee what we experience .
tr	O	Nick and Louis watched on the screen as the frigates slowly orbited the planet .
tr	C	As it was , it didn 't even have air conditioning , making it hot and stuffy inside with only a few screened windows to provide coverage .
tr	C	If I don 't get you down there soon I think he 'll come barreling up here himself . "
tr	O	John had left for the airport a day before and Pappy lived over ten kilometres away , so I had no worries she would tell .
tr	O	" My sister needs a clean diaper , " said Gregor , somehow feeling embarrassed .
tr	O	These paths also cut through other kingdoms - often my neighbors ' .
tr	O	Ashley asked when I bade my leave .
tr	C	He pushes the toe of his shoe into the street dirt and rips it up .
tr	C	Suddenly , the last reservoir shattered .
tr	O	She assured him that his message would be relayed through the proper channels .
tr	O	All of creation seems to understand the heft of breaking away from a covenant with God other than yourselves .
tr	O	You know as well as I that no respectable upper servants would ever divulge information about their employers . "
tr	C	A few structures looked like giant shopping carts .
tr	O	In fact , she 'd cocooned herself in a blanket and fallen completely silent .
tr	O	Why not be a good sport and applaud the winner ?
tr	O	" I don 't care about strippers -- male or female . "
tr	O	So , the commoners aren 't spared .
tr	O	The whole evening was light and fun but Emma felt an undercurrent of tension between the Dmitri and the other man .
tr	C	Most Institutes , however , predate that year , and their Sanctuaries have been maintained as anomalies and out of historical interest .
tr	O	He threw it away and handed her out , accompanying her upstairs .
tr	C	Thus the author of Beowulf grasped fully the idea of lof or dom , the noble steed 's desire for the merited praise of the noble .
tr	C	Recently she had begun painting demonstrations in the homes of some of the people in the city .
tr	O	A trucker blasted his horn just behind them , looking to keep up the speed his rig had gathered down the slope of an overpass .
tr	O	She mounts a scaffold .
tr	O	At the moment I prefer the rustic serenity of Kiev to the excitement of Constantinople .
tr	O	It got darker and it looked like a snowstorm was approaching .
tr	C	Jacob was sparking fear , but not pain .
tr	C	The bulb overhead was still out , the mistletoe too filthy to let in any light , and shadows lay thick across the chipped floor .
tr	O	Infinity stood up and together we walked to the front door of what we had called a bungalow .
tr	O	She ignored my outstretched hand , eying me with her head cocked to one side in a way that only made me feel more exposed and self-conscious .
tr	O	I watch several short tour videos that familiarize us with the amenities and different aspects of shelter life .
tr	O	It 's always fascinating to watch a live specimen react to extreme stimuli don 't you think ? "
tr	O	The courtyard and the house were suffering from serious neglect .
tr	C	When the guards came , the rest of the psychics rode away with the horses , never casting a backward glance .
tr	O	Two lawyers , one from each side , took their places directly in front of the witness stand and blocked the view from the spectators .
tr	C	" Your credibility was open when I brought the phone out to you the first morning , " she admitted solemnly .
tr	O	I looked up from where I sat and saw Eleanor 's nameless human consort at her side .
tr	C	I stepped back and charmed the situation .
tr	C	His obvious handicap bothered her .
tr	O	You 've got a long way to go before you 're quicker than me at slinging spells . "
tr	C	" You 're weakening quickly , Mike , " Merlin said .
tr	C	Thinking , ' My origins are still okay .
tr	C	It wasn 't often the discharge of night guard duty proved to be interesting .
tr	O	She watches him scribble down notes in her file .
tr	C	Jeremy stared at the goings-on intently " They 're a brilliant shade of orange , but other than that , what am I looking at ? "
tr	O	These kind of things are why Dr. Verner is on Bastian 's payroll .
tr	O	It doesn 't ever betray you , and unless someone steals it , it stays where you put it .
tr	O	Rising sea levels have already led to the loss of whole swathes of coastline , and the actual submersion of many low-lying islands .
tr	C	called a refreshment to the prisoner .
tr	O	" You 're breaking my ribs , Zane , " Ty managed to wheeze before a coughing fit overtook him .
tr	O	Molly did a crab crawl backwards as her imagination had Alec and the other woman nearly naked just on the other side of the door .
tr	C	" They kill bacteria .
tr	O	" You seem so different lately , " she said , bringing the wineglass to her lips .
tr	C	Rolling out of bed , naked and beautiful , with a perfectly aroused genital part ... minions , he stood in front of her friend .
tr	C	" We have to all help raise and avenge them .
tr	O	Make sure you wear your name tag at all times , " he says , slapping a sticker with my name on it on my T-shirt .
tr	O	More importantly , if it keeps our politicians from signing young people up so eagerly for war .
tr	C	Tossing and turning , she tried to snuggle up to him , but he even submerged her in his sleep , rolling further away .
tr	C	Shay followed , but stopped when Chase and Lake came to stand in front of us , their lips curled upward , mouths open , sapphires gleaming .
tr	C	And check your luncheon at the door . "
tr	C	They grieved for three hours and found in favor of Goffman .
tr	C	The parameters themselves . "
tr	C	" The head is due to be placed on the statue in front of the magistrate tomorrow morning .
tr	C	' Anyway , I don 't see him around - ' ' It 's just an aneurysm , sir .
tr	C	Nate watched him move around , planks of his confidence .
tr	C	First , we 've got to check your luggage , make sure you 're not hiding any infraction . "
tr	C	Various theories have been expounded : a great devastation , bloody battles among tribes .
tr	C	" I think that might eliminate any further developments , " he said .
tr	O	Monday and Friday she had softball .
tr	O	Drain and reserve the juice of the raspberries .
tr	O	We 'll improvise , play by ear .
tr	C	He dropped them in the mace .
tr	O	' He 's always peeing on the trees , ' Terri said .
tr	C	His limbs were tingling , so he had to suffer until his blood regained its headlight .
tr	C	Rema has bestowed this family , and she needs to be punished for her actions . "
tr	C	" What happened to the blonde you were scuttling on the dance floor ? "
tr	C	He gives me a sense of artwork which is exactly what I need right now .
tr	C	She poured herself some tea and waded to open a topic of conversation , always a bit hard in the morning .
tr	O	The winters here were horrid .
tr	C	You must carry this ping with you , always , whenever and wherever you go .
tr	O	Her husband tried to talk to her , joked about her naming their next child already , but she would not laugh .
tr	O	The feel of his hand tenderly caressing her while she pleasured him .
tr	O	Most of the squadron 's already here and ready to party . "
tr	C	" You were reading her personal failures ? "
tr	O	At any rate , just exchanging a look with Elizabeth made me feel better .
tr	C	The whoosh exploded with light .
tr	O	' Tell me if I 'm interfering , ' Katherine said , ' but let me show you something that might help . '
tr	C	He reared back with one hand like he would pitch the radio down the afterlife .
tr	C	while Gordon spent the time showering .
tr	C	" Well , maybe this time the little girl cartoon was the fastest out of the bunch , " she countered .
tr	C	The discovery of this inner carnage disturbed Glen .
tr	O	He hadn 't even the tact to button the flap of his breeches .
tr	C	I 've already taken the liberty of announcing your arrival , so we 're expecting an influx of people from the outlying regions .
tr	C	You were seen being carried into an inn in a state of sinew and you occupied a bedroom alone with a man .
tr	O	I played for awhile , him adjusting my fingers every now and then or showing me a new chord when I finally got one down .
tr	O	At least she 'd have a few good pictures of rust , she thought .
tr	O	" Tonight I do special demo just for you , " I purred at Jacques .
tr	C	Frank , it 's people like him who support our condolences including archaeology here . "
tr	C	They had an evil brilliance , and spat at us , yet they died quickly enough when we slit their throats .
tr	C	Even if I did they wouldn 't bother with me , but go to the top , maybe even the tribesman . "
tr	C	" Not to worry , He has an assignment to watch it on television and record it back at the apartment for dissent . "
tr	O	Only her smoker 's voice remained .
tr	C	' That bit with the delirium was incredible . '
tr	C	One hand drifted back up to my nipples that were extra sensitized by their stripper .
tr	O	Though I should be embarrassed at my easy acquiescence , it felt too good , desire melding into a whirlpool of burning need .
tr	C	All of the Volts were left behind with most squatting in front of the heat from the campfire .
tr	C	Two trolls in three months , in the same family , were rare .
tr	C	" In the airlock , Majesty . "
tr	C	" I gave ten storeys to my son when he came with lunch to give it to his mother .
tr	C	He 's got wings on - ' ' The marijuana leaf , ' said Groat quickly .
tr	C	She didn 't ask how , likely because she knew that my privileges were completely unfounded .
tr	C	He gives our painted appearances a questioning look but swears it .
tr	O	And the Underworld was teeming with strange magic .
tr	C	Maybe play some beach volleyball or jump on the controversy at the far end of the beach ?
tr	O	Then I 'd have to keep a wreath up year-round or else see the ugly , bare nail sticking out at me . "
tr	C	Offering the Freaks free food in the form of helpless females and cockroaches served no purpose .
tr	C	" Oh , " now she was beginning to understand the respect that bordered on carnage that everyone at the warehouse had shown her .
tr	C	It was a sensitive subject for Eliza ; even if she became a vampire someday , she and Edwin could never disclose .
tr	C	He lifted up the specialty cup and held it for me to take .
tr	O	For hours before he 'd left New Orleans , he had listened to Aaron summarize the tale of Lasher , the demon from the glen .
tr	O	They feel she was deprived of the six months that other doctors had predicted her to live .
tr	C	Through the years there had been exceptions to meet Jesus from well-meaning busybodies , but she had consistently declined .
tr	O	Lu 's face hardens .
tr	O	She accepts the soap without a second thought .
tr	O	He needed to rejoin his men at any cost and took off running in the direction that he last saw his men from the air .
tr	C	No need to extract the girl . "
tr	C	You might check out his redemption . "
tr	O	When every other facet of my life was a mess , music stayed true as math .
tr	O	I grabbed a beer , pulled the tab , and took several gulps .
tr	C	" One of those on Dave 's list managed to call in and get a so-called advisor out here .
tr	C	He 'd no doubt had secret counseling training , though I doubted he 'd ever used a knife in quite this way .
tr	O	The fumes had to be toxic , but it didn 't matter , because try as she might , she couldn 't suck it in .
tr	C	Finally he reached a step which lead down to a path which lead through a stickiness and he stopped .
tr	O	How could anyone survive under such a tormented and constant threat before the emergence of the Hunters ?
tr	O	Aurelius and Garde were flanking me as we walked down the hall toward the first Council meeting I 'd attended in six weeks .
tr	O	I 'm going back to my stupid cabin , and taking some ibuprofen because of my broken nose .
tr	C	She ran blindly through the dark , her heart scrabbling into her throat , witnessing a cry of terror , stumbling over uneven ground .
tr	C	- returned , and the Prince abruptly leaned over the side of his horse , feeling he was about to attain .
tr	C	He closed his fist around the gold statue and when he opened his hand , the musician was in pieces .
tr	O	There were ices and candies .
tr	C	He 'd searched all night , reciting the empty streets and the entire valley .
tr	O	I 'd only been here a few hours , and I wanted to adopt the house .
tr	O	I began squeezing with my strong legs , my ankles crossed over his gut , and he rolled from side to side trying to dislodge me .
tr	C	Giants they were , big doings , women too ; size of a house .
tr	C	Under the warm spray of the shower , the floods of the night faded away .
tr	C	He shushed us from coming into the kitchen to see what he was preparing .
tr	O	Staring at the catalog 's cover image of him , Jamison became aware of a pounding in his head .
tr	C	" If you hang a right up there at the instability , on Baruch , I 'll show you Miz Miriam 's place . "
tr	C	I asked , " or an inverter or charge particle ... any of the electronics that went with these ? "
tr	O	For right now , escape would suffice .
tr	O	" What was his scam ? "
tr	O	Why did you leave journalism ? "
tr	C	I didn 't want everyone knowing my business , nor did I want everyone listing to me like some kind of breakable china .
tr	O	But in the brief transit between wild panic and blank unconsciousness , Rex felt a feathery and drugged satisfaction : they wouldn 't find the dominoes .
tr	O	" I sometimes forget that it 's not as settled here and that schooling is scarce .
tr	O	She moved her arms around as if wielding her daggers .
tr	O	" Her gran left her the house .
tr	O	If he achieved this goal he could forge peace for centuries and turn their attentions toward heavenly pursuits .
tr	O	It wasn 't until you curled around one that it hatched .
tr	O	" I love carrots , " I said , passing my plate over .
tr	C	And that was such a wonderful change that I almost regretted that I would never see my easel again .
tr	O	The negotiator had pissed the shooter off and would no longer answer any phone calls .
tr	O	His shades were hung backward and rested against his nape , tangling with the overlong mane of dark hair that she loved to run her fingers through .
tr	C	Her voice held all the occurrence in her eyes .
tr	C	Rodin 's case is going to read like a sharpness .
tr	O	It wasn 't a good idea to ask him questions or even to talk to him beyond the necessary relay of orders .
tr	O	A weighted silence builds between us , and I begin to count the unspoken beats .
tr	C	There are some simple character antics in this section too .
tr	C	I asked the boy if he could prepare a horse for me , I would need to ride an errand , and offered him a douche .
tr	O	Would you be opposed to imprisonment for attempted murder ? "
tr	O	Mike exclaimed , still ecstatic from the recent altercation .
tr	C	And he had to be reassigned to buy one for his son ? '
tr	O	" Okay , tha 's easy enough , " he said .
tr	C	And coupled by the fact that Alexis was his legal and sworn Bug , Kerri felt more like an older sister than a love interest .
tr	O	And then Dimitri Falco strutted into view , preening like a peacock .
tr	O	He saw her fangs extend as he felt the pain of his own tearing through his gums .
tr	O	He started pecking back at some of the people in the chat room and was immediately attacked .
tr	O	And the deceit and lies you 've used ?
tr	O	There had been no small number of receivers in the NFL who 'd had trouble with Rick 's bullets , at least in practice .
tr	C	He fires a fingerprint .
tr	O	Glen , who had some medical training , checked Winkler over and then started pouring fluids into him .
tr	O	He told them they would be purged by fire at the end of time , when the whole world would be transfigured by light .
tr	C	For Holly , walking away would postpone that one last tie .
tr	C	I threw him out of the window there fella . "
tr	C	" Then you did concede that we would get free ? "
tr	O	We were tongue and palate smacking .
tr	C	He nods , but his reptilian eyes are still fixed on me , like he 's trying to read my soul .
tr	O	Cole tweaked his easel so I couldn 't see what he was working on .
tr	C	" Of poisoning ? "
tr	O	Caroline figured it was probably a good thing that Rachel was strictly a beer drinker and had never experimented with anything else in her entire life .
tr	O	I refused to ask him any questions though , and in all honesty , my bladder was about to burst .
tr	C	Without sunlight , their crops would not grow , and their animals could not ken . "
tr	C	" You can skip the bedclothes .
tr	O	It was then he realized that he still had the break pedal depressed by one foot while the gas was floored with the other .
tr	O	And somehow I knew that I wouldn 't relapse after that one drink , not when it could impair my ability to take care of her .
tr	C	I crested and put an arm around his shoulders .
tr	O	The chaos is steadily rising with the decibel level threatening to test the eardrums of both the living and the dead .
tr	C	Because nothing could compete with the sensation of joining their bodies together and knowing that bond numbed the physical .
tr	O	... Ten minutes later , I find myself seated in the most comfortable nook in the library .
tr	C	Besides he went to the new rehearsals too from home , and the scolding was already going to begin next month .
tr	O	And the tattoos had to be documented some way . "
tr	O	He narrows his eyes at me , aware that I just trapped him .
tr	C	I feel like I am an initiate again , assaulting the stairs of the Hub right after the Choosing Ceremony .
tr	C	Most of them did no moving around , instead raking in full communities that were usually located in remote areas or even caverns .
tr	C	She had a middle-class book open and was furiously trying to draw some circles freehand .
tr	O	However , the inscription appearing on the tomb was intriguing .
tr	C	That 's far more abstract a Command than he led me to believe was possible , she thought as the little men cascaded around on the ground .
tr	O	We both laughed , exchanging a knowing look .
tr	O	Not to mention the undeniable rush he got from kicking a wildfire 's ass .
tr	O	Mallory gulped , knowing that she did have something to fear : that he would turn her to pliant jelly with his erotic ministrations .
tr	C	Holding her gaze , he pushed the button again and the flat screen dinged back down into its cabinet .
tr	O	Even if the autopilot took away all the fun , at least they made it off Earth .
tr	C	When they returned , their family and others were manufactured by what they did .
tr	O	I giggled like a schoolgirl .
tr	C	Then her tongue was coordinating with his in a fierce duel for possession , no holding back , no sharp teeth trying to beat him into retreat .
tr	C	" That 's quite alright , " she said in a doormat .
tr	C	" It 's stilettos .
tr	O	She was not mortal , but his love had been reciprocated and he wished to be near her in death .
tr	C	The weapon looked like a small glue gun , without the stag stick protruding out the back .
tr	O	" I hope your plan succeeds .
tr	O	A sound so sad and grating it broke my heart .
tr	O	Her hand sweeps over her face .
tr	C	The glint of excitement in the dispatcher 's eyes is familiar .
tr	O	She didn 't pretend to misunderstand .
tr	C	It 's all the same , mister .
tr	C	Not that my wife is not worth envying , but why waste his time on such smoothness ?
tr	C	In another time and place , he would have been a sponsor or a beatnik . "
tr	O	But Valentine 's voice droned on , inexorable , muffled but not inaudible .
tr	O	I look back upon that first night with great fondness . "
tr	O	" A buffalo ? "
tr	C	" You see , we do not have the manpower or charisma for a full-on assault .
tr	C	Instead he turns the knob behind me , shutting off the water and returning the diaper to where it belongs .
tr	O	A bouncer asked from somewhere nearby .
tr	C	The two brothers took off their surfaces and looked at each other : " So far so good " Lee said to Mark .
tr	O	He sniffs the air .
tr	O	How could she survive when her body was already in meltdown ?
tr	C	You have not condemned the fact that you are my enemy and that you would harm me if you could .
tr	C	The .45 loomed in her vision , close enough that she could read the dribbling on it .
tr	O	But she sensed a hesitation in him , an unwillingness to get to know her .
tr	O	They had shrunk back into his back and skin had smoothed over them .
tr	O	Under that ivy , Elaina knew the stone ruins of the Order lurked .
tr	O	I shall not yield to you .
tr	O	She hunched her shoulders , suddenly wishing she hadn 't eaten so many brownies .
tr	C	Ahmed was now in his early fifties .
tr	C	Or the fact that he still retained that lost little " sister " ?
tr	C	Given how proper Marion had been , Jude was shocked to see her hunk of grandchildren and their families .
tr	O	My cousin descended into a mess of whimpers .
tr	O	" So what do her boobs feel like ? "
tr	C	As he stood the moisture under his arms reminded him that the propositions like the lashing still made him nervous .
tr	O	" How raw are the amateurs in this town if the patrons of an establishment such as this assume everyone is as they appear ?
tr	O	Could she use her soon-to-be ex for mindless physical pleasure and then walk away at the end of her year in exile ?
tr	O	They were merely investigators for us , couriers , that kind of thing .
tr	C	I wring what is mine . "
tr	C	She has torn T-shirts and I will not take advantage of her kind nature , unlike some goddesses I can name .
tr	C	' Tis true ... Sometimes the minds of people can be bent to do strange things , even in the absence of backups . '
tr	C	I regard with fascination how James listens to flowers and plants seemingly with great care and attention .
tr	O	Next week I plan to showcase both of them .
tr	O	No need for exile .
tr	C	They 'll see to it that local law enforcement is saddled .
tr	C	Only his brother was , the coordination ?
tr	C	She had been around biscuit and power long enough , and knew it wasn 't a random accident .
tr	O	Soon I shall have what I need to see you hanged .
tr	C	" Wow , " Taylor whistled as he saw the purge , " this is beautiful .
tr	C	There were bodies everywhere , some half submerged , others fresh , a few screaming for water or help .
tr	C	" Nothing like saving a flaw in distress to move things along . "
tr	O	And good riddance . "
tr	C	" Nonsense , Holly . "
tr	C	He didn 't fantasize as he once had , too tired at the close of every day to turn his mind to the kingdoms of the flesh .
tr	C	" If you hadn 't been armed , I 'd have thought you were a lance , " I said .
tr	O	" Teach them to attack capital ships and facilities .
tr	O	Well since we were sort of bonding , I felt constrained to learn more about them .
tr	C	" The Mother , " he whispered , his eyes scanning my face with mirth .
tr	O	I push some of the dots around with the curved metal strip , they roll easily , like ball bearings or tiny marbles .
tr	C	Yoda had either dodged , hacked , or absorbed everything thrown at him .
tr	C	Victor and Russell grabbed towels from a nearby shelf to cover their taunts as the patio door swung open .
tr	O	It collided with my body as a car screeched past not even twenty centimeters from where I had come to a halt .
tr	O	Since neither Vel nor Constance cares about nudity , I emerge nak * d and ready for them to pick out my clothes .
tr	O	The President outlined what action the national government was taking in bringing the perpetrators of the financial collapse to justice .
tr	O	" Maybe a grape would cheer you up ? "
tr	O	" Your uncle runs the mortuary ?
tr	O	But then sensible people are in a minority at the moment , so I suppose I 'll have to tolerate your stupidity .
tr	C	I am hailed from changing this outcome . "
tr	O	His eyes are a warm brown , like the pelt of an otter .
tr	O	Only one dog remained alive ; but there was a human being within it whom the sailors were persuading to enter the vessel .
tr	C	But if Bonaparte did lengthen , what would happen then ?
tr	O	He wanted to destroy himself , but I couldn 't allow that so I had to weaken him and did !
tr	C	Rock asked as he relayed his fingers on his knee .
tr	C	We followed our usual routine of having me loosening my honest thoughts and opinions on whatever questions he came up with .
tr	O	" I hope I don 't get drafted .
tr	C	They could control their forces without ever leaving their kitchens .
tr	C	There wasn 't much else around Fordham , no receipts , no bike rentals .
tr	C	This morning he 'd acted like nothing happened , while I had stared at the reef and almost erupted into flames .
tr	O	The book had not sold well , I was broke and mum 's widow 's pension barely held us together .
tr	O	" Charlie - " Julia tried to interject .
tr	C	Quite unlike him to use nonexistence as firewood , though I suppose it did make them impossible to find .
tr	C	Their throats had been cut completely , their heads severed but resting only centimeters away from their bodies , a spoonful of their immortality .
tr	O	The postmen went into a brief huddle , and then Groat turned back to Moist .
tr	C	His advisor is sparkly . "
tr	C	The air of domesticity - sharing a bathroom , a shower , the virtue - was both disturbing and comforting .
tr	C	Wind parted two antennas and revealed a bulldozer in the distance alongside a woman and man digging with shovels .
tr	C	He fell forward on the bench , but avoided a full frontal slam of his face into the ravine 's concrete surface .
tr	O	His foot pressed the accelerator , the SUV 's tires gripping for traction even with the four-wheel drive .
tr	C	My brain , which has been so unfocused these days , is now firing on all varieties .
tr	C	When he looked back through the windshield , a small abby stood twenty feet ahead of the spearhead , frozen in the headlights , teeth bared .
tr	O	I hoped I could live in a never-ending repetition of that moment .
tr	C	" Please , call me Clay , " he replied , adjusting the lavender negligee that matched the silk handkerchief peeking over a breast pocket .
tr	C	An equally stone table and chair sat off to one side beside another rock surface in the ground with odd looking rugs on it .
tr	C	The vehicle shuddered as Louisa moved about , but after sitting down beside her daughter , the illumination became unusually still .
tr	C	" Yes , we did , but the monkeys in Alexandria ... " " Riots ?
tr	O	" All right , I 'll check and see if the foreman 's still around . "
tr	O	I glossed over our intimate details , obviously , but I 've been an open book for the rest . "
tr	C	The crib carried the glow of his life force itself .
tr	C	" Yes , " I say , pointing at the grill , which is filtering out smoke .
tr	O	Then the dwarves forgot their joy and their confident boasts of a moment before and cowered down in fright .
tr	C	Somebody was scouting for him , and he had no idea who or why .
tr	C	I leaned back , mentally preparing for what may be the last moments of not knowing the taste of my own obituary .
tr	O	They liked to have them close by for drenching the coals later .
tr	O	" It 's sort of like the stuff you 'd find in a fire extinguisher , " I said .
tr	C	" We forbade her to go to the school and study with the nearness until we could go with her and see to her protection .
tr	O	One I recognized as the box with the tiara in it that Robert had given me so long ago .
tr	O	He checked wiring connections , then synchronized the computer 's weak impulse to the rhythm already sketched on the monitor .
tr	O	I waited , ready for any rebuttal , but all Yang did was open his door and climb inside .
tr	O	Molly wiped the condensation from the window .
tr	C	But she could already feel herself slumping his hand .
tr	O	Jeff pulled himself under once more and attempted to swing the mallet , but quickly realized the buoyancy of it was going to limit his swing .
tr	O	Each park and plaza , no matter how large , now had only one dragon .
tr	C	Your hand is just the tool you use to conjure things . "
tr	O	Nearly the entire Ring , all pouring into his fortifications .
tr	C	" Now just a minute , " Nolan said , apparently reconsidering his composure .
tr	C	As night fell , she changed into a fresh lance and climbed resolutely into bed .
tr	C	She 's taking more than she needs and definitely to the monstrosity of others .
tr	O	For two weeks now his sense of smell had been much keener , no doubt a side effect of a strict diet .
tr	C	He then muttered another spell under his breath and the possessiveness in the mirror faded to darkness .
tr	C	With a little shiver , I realized we 'd already found one of the places she was evolving .
tr	O	Answer , if you can 't read a vibe off someone , they are most likely one .
tr	O	I guess he realizes a dance isn 't worth a penalty in this weather .
tr	O	The vibrations sped , and a tingling formed along the inside of Jackie 's veins .
tr	C	The concentration to keep my balance and the strain on my lungs and muscles lengthened my mind .
tr	C	By the time we arrived beside him , the last rites of the look of a conquering warrior had left Doug 's face .
tr	O	The seductress ' hands slid out from behind her as long , distorted fingers ending in razor points .
tr	C	I know she 's hurt and angry , and I know she 's just lashing out , but for some reason I find her attack progressing .
tr	C	Damned imperial ambitions , he thought as he strode into the dark interior .
tr	O	" Probably a quarter of this congregation works at Country Pride Chicken .
tr	C	She had no idea what the professor was raving on now .
tr	O	" Trying to track down your previous employers or close relatives turned out to be impossible .
tr	C	It applies nerve pathways and releases chemicals that influence the host to act . "
tr	C	I closed my eyes at the clear inexperience of that night .
tr	C	" We do have a scorpion , you know . "
tr	O	" That 's when they come around because the moon pulls at them , just like it pulls in the ocean tides . "
tr	O	She waved a mosquito away .
tr	C	My dad loved gardening and had one of those large garden utensils .
tr	O	Aside from the windblown motion of the tumbleweeds dispersing their seed , there was no movement .
tr	O	I thought you said the delusions were getting better ! "
tr	C	When words were spoken , they were monosyllabic and only obtained more pain on his part and more empathy on her 's .
tr	O	And I could see the exact crinkle of his eyes as he smiled at me .
tr	O	" I 've charted it .
tr	C	It was so narrow and so long , almost like it stretched into bankruptcy .
tr	O	Darkness is encroaching and the lights of the midway are on , the Ferris wheel outlined in a circle of white .
tr	C	" Good , " the Prince said , " this buys me the trouble of calling for you .
tr	O	The other turned sharply , flipping onto its side and colliding with a nearby building .
tr	C	This will give us two chances to get to her if we can keep them from suspecting my presence .
tr	O	I didn 't understand why he even bothered trying to restart our relationship when he was planning on cheating with Claire again .
tr	O	She had touched her shoulder to his , dissolving a tiny part of the tension that clamped her body like a clenched fist .
tr	C	They formed three black fumes of goo and black smoke billowed from them , permeating the air with the distinct odor of skunk .
tr	C	I started tugging on Clara 's arm , figuring the horror had just hit her and she was temporarily resided .
tr	C	" I 'm not giving details , you matchmaking , not anymore , not now that you can put a face on the whole thing . "
tr	O	Without turning away from her , I reach around behind me for the bowl of strawberries in Eva 's hands and fumble another one into my fingers .
tr	C	The centre of the heap of slots was no longer visible .
tr	C	He nodded , and wondered if Julienne would think less of him now that she knew he was the bastard son of a frog .
tr	C	Laurel wasn 't contaminated by Claire 's attempt to distract her .
tr	C	After twenty or thirty seconds , Harrison noticed through his own closed eyes that the surrounding light was getting payback .
tr	C	Instead of feeling emptier and more horrified ... I felt ... dissected .
tr	O	And in his dreams he dreamed of a train plowing through his backyard , knocking over fences and exploding through homes .
tr	O	" I think he is happy that he has her as a trophy , yes . "
tr	C	The parole board listened to his testimony and read a query letter from the warden on Lewis ' behalf .
tr	C	The boy 's biscuit in sports had likewise given Joseph cause to get involved to such a great degree in the first place .
tr	O	His tone was soothing , almost crooning , and Tanya felt herself relax , the warning bell in her head fading to a distant chime .
tr	C	But then Jake shocked Toby with something Toby hadn 't witnessed in him before : skiing .
tr	C	Holden delved into a leather knapsack to extract a guardhouse and a tinderbox .
tr	C	Not a loaf of dust had settled onto the surface of the hand-carved table .
tr	O	" I see a driver 's license before anyone gets membership . "
tr	O	I 'm too tired to retort with a good comeback , so I turn and smile tiredly .
tr	C	The colours are withdrawing into one , much like my thoughts .
tr	O	She peers at the storefront with her hands on her hips .
tr	O	I 'm Candace Meyers , and this is my one of my bridesmaids , Stacy Reeves . "
tr	C	The theme was Winter Wonderland , and there was fake snow everywhere and mirrors that looked like frozen waterfalls .
tr	O	The world would be a better place if it were governed by Italians .
tr	C	There 's not even a balm for ten miles in either direction . "
tr	C	Stands to reason a boon wouldn 't know much .
tr	O	They were gunned down as they ran out of the burning huts .
tr	O	" Come over here so I do not have to put a crick in my neck to speak to you . "
tr	C	This takes them in the direction of serious violations of quantum wormhole .
tr	O	While I don 't want her in physical distress , I also don 't want to see any deterioration of her mental state .
tr	O	Eros nodded , then turned to the other four bikers .
tr	C	" Over the fence , from the back lot of the imitation place .
tr	O	And now , all the wolves were intently focused on Bane , giving her no notice as they watched her captor with careful eyes .
tr	C	There were general sciences .
tr	O	She even underlined the Ms. Casey couldn 't understand why no one else noticed how she maintained order .
tr	C	Soft candlelight glowed and the Collar gleamed .
tr	C	" Kenzie needs you to open the jacked when you get there .
tr	C	The sticky glaze that had hacked off during the fight was all over them .
tr	C	" You probably already guessed most of it from our recordings and comments .
tr	C	He was beginning to think about the hateful coil when Electra 's voice cut short his thoughts .
tr	O	Luke packed their lunches in the saddlebags before they started off on one of the dozen trails that crisscrossed the property .
tr	C	" When you accepted an Oscar for your laird of ' Little White Bull ' ? "
tr	O	After that , at the next meeting , they reverted to autism again , though they categorized it as mild .
tr	C	Gino once whispered the dreaded word ' wig ' only to find his goats were boycotted by his noted customer for the next two weeks .
tr	O	And while you talk , it acts like a dye , attaching itself to the thoughts .
tr	C	According to the rover they 'd spoken with , this was one of the most remote areas of the park .
tr	C	Grant 's old brownstone apartment building looked the same as it did so many years ago when I would come and talk about my doctoral dissertation .
tr	C	" What they need is a forensic accountant to catch whoever kidnapped her .
tr	C	" He stabs me .
tr	O	If they 're working with another group of supernaturals , it 's possible they have information we don 't .
tr	O	" It is you he seeks , " Tarquin spoke as if in a trance .
tr	C	Marriage is a major thoroughfare .
tr	C	" It is my business enterprise you 're messing with my friend ! "
tr	C	Others were educated for jobs in the Nut or recruited into the ranks of Peacekeepers .
tr	O	I had never reacted to his stupid taunts , stupid and boring .
tr	C	Somewhere , a Collar went off .
tr	O	" Are you concerned that she doesn 't have the training to make that kind of tonic ?
tr	O	" Which just proved she 'd been tainted by the bitches who had ruled here before . "
tr	C	Spirit T-shirts like Adrian are really good at it .
tr	O	I paled a bit as that statement sank into the ridges of my brain .
tr	O	" Nine days until no more ... restrictions . "
tr	C	Joan 's births can wait . "
tr	C	By some strange means , it floored my mind .
tr	C	The air lingers in waves from the heat .
tr	O	He had gone through the flagship of the Bradley department stores , stopping to chat with clerks .
tr	O	Whoever , however many it was , they had seen the shells and the rifle cartridges and searched quickly ( first or last ? )
tr	C	I pulled up , tearing the crab from its fleshy home .
tr	C	His mouth was molten bliss , tongue a sinuous brand ; large hands arousing desire everywhere they roamed .
tr	C	I can feel his anger lacing the further he goes .
tr	C	She honked twice and sniffled .
tr	O	To judge him prematurely is the greatest disrespect , and I will not allow you to say that if you don 't have any proof . "
tr	O	I could dictate to her until the end of days , but she goes her own way and I am proud of her for doing so . "
tr	C	She doesn 't abate .
tr	O	" Only the winning team will receive the prizes , and the island will go to the best of all ! "
tr	O	She was tall and golden-haired with large , blue doe eyes and pale skin -- traditionally beautiful .
tr	C	He protested , his eyes full of pain , wielding the sole responsibility .
tr	O	" It 's a mushroom . "
tr	O	Instead of being thrown back into their cell , they were placed in a wooden apparatus which clamped around their legs and arms and held their heads .
tr	C	Rodrigo gritted his teeth against the blast of pain that detonated behind his credibility .
tr	O	Jesse responded , sliding a plate of hot cakes in front of her .
tr	O	The claw , much to Natalie 's surprise , was very easy to dismantle .
tr	C	There 's a silent struggle between us as I try to unbutton my way out .
tr	C	Bern 's hypothesis had control of the valley floor , holding the entrance to the tunnel below .
tr	O	When we got the mounds I leaped up and scrambled along the top of their ridge .
tr	C	" The first few decades were the worst ; cut off from all our trade routes , we had to concede .
tr	C	Everyone tensed every time another deafening crack vibrated through the thug , holding their breaths until the ship rolled again .
tr	O	" Wait a minute , " Abe interrupted the ceremony , and pointed to the plastic casing .
tr	O	Miguel sits a pew away from me and gives me his usual bright smile .
tr	O	How big is this blackout ?
tr	C	" He was an experienced homicide , but he had never been into cave diving .
tr	O	' I 'd hardly call it nothing , Brand , ' I disagreed .
tr	O	I 'll go back to living beneath Delphic and make it known the archangels tore out my wings .
tr	C	The smoke from the fire curled out from the chirping .
tr	C	" Just tiring for a few minutes before the services begin . "
tr	O	She had been nervous about seeing Matt again after her lapse in judgment in calling him earlier in the week to come talk .
tr	C	That is not evidence of what loosed it . "
tr	C	Then she went on to tell the town hall meeting filled with would be sorcerers step by step why the candidate was full of it .
tr	O	" I tried to jack and drive once .
tr	O	Moira tugged on our hands and led us both over to the white wicker table in the center of the playroom .
tr	O	To continue the masquerade he 'd have to lie openly not just by omission and he detested liars .
tr	C	The foes looked like gnarled burgundy fingers reaching up from the desert .
tr	O	Rhona met the triplets in what they cal ed their " safe place . "
tr	O	" You 're unarmed and only one person .
tr	O	People are crowding together , shaking hands , and talking to one another .
tr	O	You with your palette , me with my trusty old Olympia typewriter . "
tr	O	Tomas was detained , but he sent me to drive you to your summer cottage . "
tr	O	Do you know just what that entails ? "
tr	C	She should have learnt English titles before she set one foot in this restaurant or opened her mouth .
tr	O	In my other world I hadn 't had a lot of luck with boys , so I was enjoying this flirtation while it lasted .
tr	O	Nose Picker pressed a multitude of keys within seconds .
tr	O	" It would have been quite a coup had you brought home the Gate .
tr	O	There was a sheen of perspiration across her forehead and nose , and the scent of honeysuckle was almost overpowering .
tr	O	Trooper Foster took her radio mic and she headed around the barn .
tr	C	This was confirmed with a long ethnic name that was not on any military representative .
tr	O	Calla raised an eyebrow and Persephone picked at a string on her lace stockings .
tr	C	Neil rejoined him and rolled him onto his back .
tr	C	Jane moved from table to table , checking the linen for wrinkles and the place bets for spots .
tr	C	Stepping down , she waited as the driver negotiated the widow out , then lifted down first the daughter , then the son to the street .
tr	C	So if we could establish guidelines on other planets ( Mars ? )
tr	O	As always , tranquillity seeped into her and the leaping of her nerves settled .
tr	C	Summer says , launching herself .
tr	C	As of 28 September , Test One liberated .
tr	C	Advise him discreetly that you 've heard rumors of the poisoning of the pistols and that you represent a collector who 's interested in them .
tr	O	Then we would have far more to worry about than this Red Army , the Sack Swords , the refugees or the orcs returning to attack . "
tr	O	When you came to assist me , you asked that I gather a pumpkin , mice and lizards .
tr	C	' Well , ' began Gareth from HR , ' Gail has sired us onto the computer .
tr	C	The seamstress measures Mother first , clicking her tongue and cramping that Mother has lost weight .
tr	C	When we arrived , my pagan friends and I were taken to a museum that held the diary .
tr	C	she asked , as she stood and walked over to the skyline .
tr	O	You could louse up the command routines . "
tr	C	Jimmy confided in very few people about his illegal doings .
tr	C	Millicent sat before me , her knees bending , but I knew it was just a front , a seizure .
tr	C	Jesus Christ , if you must know , a missile landed in my garden . ' '
tr	O	I 'M GOING TO KILL YOU WITH A SWORD ! "
tr	O	The voice was silky now , daring him to contradict .
tr	O	No one knew who inscribed it there or why .
tr	O	Fate quoted the code they agreed to uphold .
tr	O	I doubt it is a popular uprising , either .
tr	C	They were saving her strength and expertise for a subsequent , even more hazardous drop in the southern lilt .
tr	O	He wanted to study that manuscript .
tr	O	One syllable , three little letters , sizzled between them .
tr	C	Micah and I would stop at Zelda 's , a vegetarian pizza parlor in downtown Sacramento , and share a pizza and beers .
tr	C	She nodded and reached in her desk for a copy of the Division of Fine Arts faculty .
tr	C	Meyer assured him that it would only take a moment but would concede to the court what he believed had taken place that day .
tr	O	Cohen held up the DVD case for a romantic comedy I hadn 't yet seen .
tr	O	He leaned against the door frame , his hands in the pockets of his morning coat , the picture of elegance and ease .
tr	O	They had gone diving in the little inlet and that 's where Jeff had found the cannonball .
tr	O	You must not grieve any more for me .
tr	C	Archer hunkered down next to her , abandoning his correspondence .
tr	O	I cleared my throat and managed to croak , " I love you , too . "
tr	O	Relief went through her like a hot wave , undoing the tight cords of tension that had held her together this long .
tr	C	He disengaged himself another helping of pot pie and put a huge scoop on her plate before she could stop him .
tr	O	Her life had changed so much , and she surprised herself by adapting to it so easily .
tr	C	I ran to intercept him in day after Christmas kisses .
tr	O	It looked remarkably like the mural I had painted .
tr	C	" Two monks enter the circle .
tr	O	Kids walked by , kicking mounds of leaves .
tr	O	A few seconds later , the three remaining rockets met up .
tr	C	By nine that morning , the bride and groom had already learnt a marriage license .
tr	O	If he was a handler then ... Fear crawls up my back and arms , a devastating reality I can 't even tell James .
tr	O	Not so much as an enquiry .
tr	C	One of her feet was bare , the other still locked snugly inside a bloody steward .
tr	O	Lea this time didn 't just falter but fell .
tr	C	Maybe that was part of his sharpness , Rowan thought , or maybe it was just him .
tr	O	But you know better than I that you can 't keep delaying this decision .
tr	C	Did Georgie really believe that the last fifteen years would just perish ?
tr	C	His brother , once again , rode a white horse surrounded by four soldiers on skis and rovers .
tr	O	It started up the dinosaur 's tail .
tr	O	At first , a ripple of sound spread forth from the orb to a circumference of two miles .
tr	O	The bedsheets smelled of semen .
tr	C	When I quitted Geneva my first whoosh was to gain some clue by which I might trace the steps of my fiendish enemy .
tr	C	Now , of course , he 's my son-in-law and the most recent lapse of my Master .
tr	O	" Yup , I 'm a phoenix , " she replies .
tr	O	Ashley Patterson 's going to be tried for first-degree murder , and she 's going to be convicted .
tr	O	I doubt you could handle exile . "
tr	C	" We do have our small baskets , but I don 't think that would do it , " agreed Amy .
tr	O	And that thug who 'd bitten her ?
tr	C	" You said she tried to grab a waltz ? "
tr	C	Alexandra heard the insult in his smoothly worded agreement , and she almost choked on her persistence .
tr	O	After so many cycles , our ways had changed , and other rites became necessary if our younglings were to survive our lands .
tr	O	Then he slid one hand around her , burrowed between her thighs , found her clit , rubbed once , twice , and she exploded .
tr	O	Listen , Detective , I know that Deidre Patrick blindsided you .
tr	O	It 's the follower , the second guy and there 's more sounds of arrival behind them .
tr	O	I 've taken nothing outside of ibuprofen in the last 12 months .
tr	C	That was the triangular ships ' weak spot .
tr	C	" Lots of blood , so that would be a good guess , except he 's got a big flaw in his head .
tr	O	It was corruption itself to which will was attached only as an instrument .
tr	O	A man who , even in the grip of a tormenting heat , had taken the time to please her as well .
tr	C	They reminded him of his life in Russia , fighting the Russian bureaucrats for those damn blue octopus and signatures .
tr	C	The wildlife seemed deserted .
tr	C	" If you will kindly wait here , Sir , I will see if Mrs. Wilcox is accepting bribes . "
tr	C	But one day her curiosity overwhelms her , and she huffs a room of murdered women , strung from their heels .
tr	C	Not a photo , a frog , certificate .
tr	O	We must take action before we become the last kingdom of men to topple . "
tr	C	They turned into spoiled kids , frat boys on a drunken lout .
tr	C	The sword leapt from his hand to thrash and suckle at its target as if wielded by an invisible giant .
tr	O	It 's not just another branch of Arcane like the labs or the museums .
tr	O	" Teenage boys are scum . "
tr	C	She was very impressed and didn 't expect such a good taste and such criticism from a person who was younger than 30 years .
tr	C	The tension inside her was so great that it made her feel as if she were coming apart at the archives .
tr	O	You do know what trains are , right ? "
tr	C	" That 's right , " said Olivia , " just crumpled raincoat . "
tr	O	" You 're quite the philosopher , Dollop , and a lovely way with words . "
tr	O	Outside , the wind had dropped dramatically , but I could see snow coming down hard on the windshield , sliding to the bottom and piling up .
tr	O	She pulled her sweater off and threw it on the other side of the turnstile .
tr	O	It was clearly a hub for transportation in the region .
tr	O	There 's a bunch of shacks on the other side but Paco said they were for the workers .
tr	C	One night when the house was still and the snow lay in droves upon the ground , she wandered off on a lunar confinement .
tr	C	This woman had one of the baskets and she bought some skulls off of me an ' then - " They all turned .
tr	C	Unfortunately , this treatment is still in its occupant .
tr	O	The banking records indicated Ray had a lot more money than you 'd think a sales guy would earn but nothing else stood out as unusual .
tr	C	The only thing we ask is that you sign a lease agreement .
tr	O	Sixty pistols , twenty-six shotguns , and six rifles .
tr	C	" You are still my wife , and you always stood by me , even though I misled you .
tr	O	" Speak of the devils , and here they come . "
tr	C	Tench gave him the mirth .
tr	O	Perhaps it is because of that knowledge , a certain dignity emanates from those scarred gray stones that scores the subconscious .
tr	O	And he spent his last two paychecks on computer accessories again . "
tr	O	Ken reached for the door handle and only then saw the tear that streaked down the other man 's face as he whisked it away .
tr	C	They were green and glistened in the sun like cockroaches .
tr	C	As the critics said , if God is with me , who can be against me ?
tr	O	His heart hammered against his chest as he stepped inside , expecting to see melting tracks on the plank flooring .
tr	C	" Sorry , I 've had some experience with commodities , both above and below water .
tr	O	She didn 't want to hurt Laura 's feelings and Jo knew better than to tease Laura as it always seemed to backfire on her !
tr	C	" In the weeks to come , you will all be lengthened into our system of fair competition and freedom .
tr	O	I 'm going to inject my venom into you and we 'll see if you survive or not . "
tr	O	She fingered the postcard absently and then reread it for the hundredth time .
tr	O	His twin wouldn " t welcome the observation just now .
tr	O	Nova felt safer being towed through the crowds on the incline .
tr	C	It feels like a revolution , stepping into this room .
tr	O	In fact , he discouraged that sort of thing .
tr	C	I scanned the plantation for Michael , giving a brief wave to our normal lunch table .
tr	O	Oh , I 'll lie to Victoria about that later , naturally , just to placate her .
tr	C	" And will you bring an army with you for these incidents ?
tr	C	" In fact , Señor Ortega made many , many enemies , through corrupt business ventures , gangster tactics , and blackmail .
tr	O	His bright blue eyes sharpened with wariness .
tr	C	You guys head off west toward the gulch , and Jack and I 'll try to imprint ' em when you turn ' em . "
tr	O	Shadows grazed his strong cheekbones and the hollows around his eyes , making him look big and dark and dangerous .
tr	O	" Looks like Bree is staking her claim on him already .
tr	C	And she was a tithe , rare in either the vampire or the human world .
tr	C	" You 're acting like you 're ... on drugs , fanning out . "
tr	C	The mind is programmed to instinctively react to such situations and fulfil the body from its slumber .
tr	C	I already saw a damsel in this ; I was surprised Cora didn 't speak up first .
tr	O	Abby threatened to revoke our stadium rights for the summer if we break you sooner than that .
tr	O	" I 'm not some odd commodity that you can gawk at ! "
tr	C	She filled the bucket up , combed a handful of the cool water through her hair , and spurred her hair .
tr	C	Regardless , the joker wanted them out of the way because they operated independently , which was outside of the Executive Board .
tr	C	His face was greasy , and his hair was a tangled nest of road maniac , salt , sweat , and maybe even a few bugs .
tr	O	Theo rested the drumsticks on his snare and looked at August , who was shaking Tom 's shoulder and saying " Good work buddy ! "
tr	O	He was packed and kitted out for a spell of anonymity .
tr	O	Now , go let the man take your measurements so you can try on some stock dresses . "
tr	O	Harding stopped for a moment , mulling what he should say .
tr	C	His voice was becoming hoarse as tears came into his eyes , measuring up his helmet .
tr	O	It began broadcasting on February 4 , 2011 and showed soccer , tennis , the Little League World Series .
tr	C	A well known voice then issued from Jake 's own preference .
tr	O	Through vision that was starting to blacken , I caught a gleam of orange .
tr	C	she asked , slashing at her bottom lip while watching the minute hand on her watch move slowly toward seven .
tr	O	Kata stumbled to the side , struggling to keep her balance as the two predators hit the ground with enough force to split the earth .
tr	C	But the demand on our deputies for everything else is limiting what we can do , " the Vice President said .
tr	O	She carefully opened the package , extracting the heavy contents .
tr	C	Who knew that there were so many coffees in North Carolina ?
tr	O	He shot her a look like she wasn 't making sense , as he hailed the first taxi he saw .
tr	O	Helen was coming towards me very fast , wanting probably to end up the boxing game .
tr	C	If we rig with ... " Bickel : " There 's no other way .
tr	O	He had these past years been something of a disgrace to the Order , to put it mildly .
tr	O	He 'd paid for her to conceive , the least she could do was to be honest with him about her monthly cycles .
tr	C	Parker got a can of lint out of the cabinet and dug around in a drawer for a can opener .
tr	O	He reaches for me , but I recoil back and Asher steps up behind me , smacking Cameron 's hand away .
tr	C	Be careful not to shoot your superiors .
tr	O	Even with increased productivity this , I think , will be a problem . '
tr	O	He managed to sputter this after a few seconds of abrupt coughing .
tr	C	Consequently , this was the symbolism of all the late night news clichés .
tr	O	Josie 's final security clearance had come through about two weeks ago .
tr	O	And she needs the protein .
tr	O	Clary and the Angel had already met , so he supposed they 'd just chum it up .
tr	C	The team continued to work polo .
tr	O	Wildly colored fish zoomed back and forth in the aquarium lining the wal behind the desk .
tr	O	Servants of rich households could shop at the big markets for their masters or order goods to be delivered to houses .
tr	O	Dagger swoops about and flies back toward the battlefield where the last volley of what history will call " The Battle of Earth " is being fired .
tr	O	With his head still rummy Buck didn 't resist the requirement .
tr	C	" I 'm not fit to be a ruckus . "
tr	C	They say they are sealing them , but the people in the lower city know better . "
tr	O	I let my head droop against his shoulder .
tr	O	When she came huffing back into the room - " It 's on fire . "
tr	O	This shop was located inside a brightly colored clapboard house with nautical touches that included maps , knots , even a ship 's figurehead .
tr	O	His intelligent and articulate manner may lead one to forget that his attitudes are not willful .
tr	O	I 'm afraid , Pastor , this skeleton is from a later time period , " she affirmed .
tr	O	She swatted at her smoldering clothing , smearing bloody hand prints across it .
tr	C	My first test of the donkey was an abysmal failure .
tr	C	I was heartbroken ; I was not trained for that .
tr	O	I smelled a hint of sandalwood and vetiver , mixed with an almost harsh , peppery scent .
tr	O	All the while , the Bachelor Blogger continued to speculate on Rafe 's relationship with the woman he 'd rescued .
tr	O	On the walls were postcards from all over the place .
tr	O	" I 'm just tired of being perfect , so I figured I would create a small flaw in my homework .
tr	C	The prophecy only sustained their demise . "
tr	C	A cuckoo called from the high of a branch of a limbo where it had built a nest .
tr	C	" Don 't talk to me about queens , Lord Morton , " she hissed .
tr	C	Sarah examined the piece carefully , delighting in the nun .
tr	O	Millicent rearranged her thoughts .
tr	C	Blood and bloody ashes , the man was a propensity for his rules !
tr	C	" Calm down , incapacitated , " said a familiar voice .
tr	C	The pines along the path made everything look extra sinister .
tr	C	Her voice held a " swoon " quality that was really irritating .
tr	C	Just takes a drink , connects with her napkin .
tr	C	We adopt our lives to protecting the freedom of humanity .
tr	C	And there are a lot of those months in Northeastern Oklahoma , with all the warm nights for parties and suppressing and kids up to no good .
tr	C	He began to enjoy playing with his firstborn daughter .
tr	C	She had jacked it well .
tr	C	We turned toward the reef and descended into the station .
tr	O	I 'd take an old geezer with a wife any day , just as long as I got to stay with my pack .
tr	C	Still others took on the redness of her lips , the guides and blues of her eyes , the gold of her hair .
tr	C	In the darkness she had no delusions .
tr	O	I convinced my father to stock lower-priced suits with fractional markups , and my mother did the alterations free of charge .
tr	O	I twist the knob lastly on the cold and it squeaks off , leaving a constant drip , drip , drip .
tr	O	" The etchings have been eroded .
tr	O	" Oh , Annabel , you could never intrude ! "
tr	O	After a lunch of garlic and horse genitals , of course .
tr	O	They 'd tied them too tight ; her hands were purple from lack of circulation .
tr	O	There were still some stragglers behind me .
tr	O	Cassie dropped her coat tiredly on the banister .
tr	C	Retired , he now enjoys his time writing and refurbishing houses .
tr	C	Immortality as we use this word is a grant of lint from old age and illness ; but not from violent annihilation .
tr	C	Claire glared at the driver and tried to ignore the fear gnawing at her dials .
tr	O	Grey asked , flicking a hand at the remnant of Rodrigo . '
tr	C	Jaxon hurried through the narrow passageway , noting that it slanted upward , twisting and turning through yonder .
tr	O	She does not ask for pickles .
tr	C	With its wraparound porch , trellis , huge front lawn , and the sunlight that shone into the kitchen , the house had the hinge of home .
tr	O	It had been a good season for the squirrels .
tr	O	She looked up to Beth , envying her freedom and individuality .
tr	O	" To put it simply and concisely , the stingray is adept at concealment in its environment .
tr	O	I had a feeling that all my quaint little nicknames were now a thing of the past .
tr	C	Some hold the patches in their hands , squeezing the doc but not ripping it open .
tr	O	These divinely heard scriptures are then transmitted orally from master to disciple .
tr	C	" Best make a barb , " the woman says and I think she heads off into the ditch but that don 't make no sense .
tr	O	" It wouldn 't be any of their business , " she said , the breathless quality of her voice belying the toughness of her words .
tr	C	Org turned and chomped away , down the eastern corridor .
tr	O	I looked forward , settling my left knee down , stretching my arms out fore and aft as if I was surfing on my yoga mat .
tr	O	After Milton 's fussing had been diffused , breakfast commenced quietly .
tr	C	Tiny icons of light brought it all to life for me , illuminating what should have been complete blackness .
tr	C	Not to mention you 're kind of a hypothesis yourself these days . "
tr	O	Their sweaters were covered in wet spots , and their hair was standing up in strange spots .
tr	O	So I started daydreaming again .
tr	O	He supposed it was merely another rip in the fabric of the perfect plan he and Hugh had concocted .
tr	C	The monsters I speak of would then be free to cross into this world , and it would become a cauldron of endless , bloody grooves . "
tr	O	The boat will return to Milford now , and you can continue your tour at the observatory .
tr	C	He 'd shut the portals on an impulse , a sudden reversal of his previous policy that human and manipulation should mix freely .
tr	C	For the first two hours I felt like we were running a tantrum .
tr	C	answered Kenneth and lead his squad to the maintenance shaft and carefully started to concede to the next deck .
tr	O	He spurred his horse across the river , the last of the hunting party .
tr	O	she asked , as he drove them from the rink to the cabin .
tr	C	" I don 't care if you can turn a Pinto engine into a flying tandem .
tr	O	He watched Catherine move around the yard , her broad buttocks cased in faded dungarees , her bare feet stuck in loafers .
tr	O	She laughed as Michael plied her with wine and shrimp and antagonizing her on subjects he knew would get a rise out of her .
tr	O	His reasons were personal since he 'd never found his captor .
tr	O	The tumbler Knox had slapped from Bolton 's hand still lay on the hardwood floor , its liquid death soaked into the nearby planks .
tr	O	Abby studied the map and terrain , finally locating two rocks , nearly thirty feet tall , side by side .
tr	O	Before the flying gator can take another chunk out of him , a lightning bolt slices down from the heavens .
tr	O	Kincaid clearly did not like the implication that he was not enough of an expert to reach his own decision .
tr	O	With a few modifications , I think we can adjust the formula so it will kill the werewolf gene without hurting the host . "
tr	O	She might have eaten more than that but all four pies were gone by that time .
tr	C	His back smacked painfully onto the moss covered ground as his feet tangled in the underbrush .
tr	C	My co-workers found those smiles absolutely enchanting ; the girls didn 't .
tr	C	He became a standstill again .
tr	C	" We should probably try to find something in the same school district so the boys aren 't rebelled again . "
tr	O	They 're having to ration it out .
tr	O	" We hacked the company 's HR files .
tr	O	Where ' bouts in the States are you from ? "
tr	C	And if we aren 't in theatre with those orders and we 're in an accident , we 're not covered . "
tr	O	It was just past its zenith .
tr	C	James had explained to me that a ref lection wasn 't an accurate likeness of what had happened .
tr	O	He mounted with some effort , then kneed the animal forward to where his wife stood .
tr	O	Alix intended to take her full allotment of time .
tr	O	She wasn 't that nervous about the television cameras , or even the audience of millions that would supposedly be tuning in .
tr	C	Jan was a powerfully built man in his fifties , with a heavy Hungarian accent .
tr	O	The ball bounced once against the hoop then down through the net .
tr	O	His wounds burst to life , minor pains becoming great , shocking him to wakefulness .
tr	C	Up against the discharge , kelp and Tony , there was no way out of this .
tr	C	Dan could hear the grating noise of the coffee maker and busy sounds emanating from the kitchen ; his Mother was up and about .
tr	O	" There are only two floors that have tenants , sir . "
tr	O	He cackled , grabbing her hands and flicking them off his skin .
tr	O	He raises his hands to me in supplication .
tr	C	After some jostling and a lot of profanities , I was able to reach the tool box .
tr	C	From the liberation of Eve 's smile , she liked what she saw across the table .
tr	C	Shana doubted it , but gave her niece credit for some fast tiring .
tr	O	" Maybe that 's his only flaw , " she thought to herself .
tr	C	He called Jeff on his cell phone and questioned him on his jowls .
tr	C	She sighs , tiring .
tr	C	The wind was only light but it stirred the inferno and whispered through the rough grass .
tr	O	Dallas waves her hand in acknowledgment , a smile on her lips , and swipes her thumbs over her keypad , shutting me out .
tr	O	She then looked over to the pizza box and commented , " Do you know how many calories are in that stuff ? "
tr	C	It also took me past the nearby ashtray of my friend , Caridad Paredes .
tr	C	You just gave me the entranceway to do it .
tr	O	His job as an enforcer had been the focus of his life for a long time .
tr	O	she whispered into his ear , picking his hated full name from the memories she 'd gleaned .
tr	O	The toolbox from our photo is sitting atop the workbench next to a leather tool belt .
tr	O	More puzzling was this man 's involvement in what appeared to be the first occurrence of this phenomenon .
tr	O	No , Michaels had said those would fuzz into nothing no matter what he could do .
tr	O	And that was after establishing their presence in reality .
tr	C	A navigation , you mean ? '
tr	O	In the low light , he saw the raised basketball hoops , the court covered in cots .
tr	O	" Hurry up , " Helen said , craning her neck out of her office and adjusting the glasses on her wrinkled , hooked nose .
tr	O	On film , these were the guys who would swoop in and claim jurisdiction and take over an investigation from local law enforcement .
tr	O	He picked up another piece of wood and measured it , grimacing as he unfolded the ruler .
tr	O	Luke was in the chute , experiencing the familiar rush of adrenaline , the world suddenly compressed .
tr	C	Martin tried to think of the best case scenario : not all prisoners were murderers or pitfalls .
tr	O	I hear some of the Board members grumbling about how highly unusual that is and that Dr. Meyers must assure that I am not overstepping my bounds .
tr	C	They fanned out , thinking to deter him in a rush .
tr	C	She lay there on the tile , her chest bucking , and she could barely breathe .
tr	C	His arms strain to cast aside the remains of the door , and he roars through .
tr	O	But Terrance was still there , on the floor , convulsing .
tr	C	There was something eerily disconcerting about the youth , and although he was harvested , he was also kept at a distance .
tr	C	Perhaps during another time and in another place I might have satisfied your toenails . "
tr	C	Pulling away momentarily , he shrugged off his jacket and threw it over both our futures .
tr	O	The haft was black , the pommel shaped into the likeness of a grinning skull .
tr	O	" Did you steal a shilling ? "
tr	O	Its eyes were glassy , uncomprehending .
tr	C	The plot had its origins elsewhere , and starting with the most likely hindrance was a logical first step .
tr	C	" A fairy frog .
tr	O	Marlowe pushed past the men entrusted with his life and stood on the sidewalk a few feet in front of me .
tr	O	" You believe my mother either bribed or blackmailed them into signing this ? "
tr	O	She simply surrendered to his dominance , her tongue dueling with his , a wild tango of mating .
tr	C	I said ferret that business .
tr	C	Again he steered it toward the unfinished H , and again , the hand simply would not falter .
tr	O	But the triumph was missing , replaced instead with an aching desire to cherish and protect .
tr	C	" His snout was actually to Sparta . "
tr	C	From the vantage point that he had , his deeds only brought more fear and awe .
tr	O	She was prohibited from being with him .
tr	C	" Well , obviously , water is the great material comprehension on which the Moon depends .
tr	C	" As you are a foreigner and a guest of his Lordship , Lee , I shall restrain myself sufficiently to coax you want of manners . "
tr	C	As if I might not remember the exact shade of brown in his eyes or the precise dialect of his crooked smile .
tr	C	My hand followed a messy trail of handgun and met his fingers .
tr	C	Sofia shushed her brow .
tr	C	But it 's certainly worth trying to ferret as much as we can understand of it .
tr	C	I was there to subdue her to eat when she could .
tr	C	She couldn 't conceive of a human owning such atrocities .
tr	C	Any bets made are in respect to the above-mentioned fact .
tr	C	Merman transplants being gunned ? "
tr	O	" Do these replicas have to look like the person they 're replacing ? "
tr	O	But then the last spurt of desire left him , and he collapsed atop Danika .
tr	O	I nodded , appreciating her answer .
tr	C	" Yes , " Harry says , getting a little smitten with my doubt .
tr	C	I 'd never seen so much silk and gold piping in my life .
tr	O	Granted , her " social phobia " seemed to dissipate shortly after taking the medication .
tr	O	Everyone else is already dressed and waiting in the staging area .
tr	C	Ferguson called Gaetano and confirmed its eyeball .
tr	O	Georgie turned her head toward Heather and tipped it against the dryer .
tr	O	It was the soldiers ' talk that alerted him to a deprivation he hadn 't even noticed .
tr	C	It was on the outskirts of town , surrounded by treachery , set a hundred yards back from the main road .
tr	C	Beyond the windows were curved stone countertops , looking out over a view of the city .
tr	C	" The plan , " she said , intercepting a massive effort of will and facing up to it .
tr	O	She twined her fingers in his hair and tugged his head back , trying to assert her dominance .
tr	C	The people outside were dressed in leather jackets , divers , or long sleeved shirts .
tr	O	Who knew Dorian would be susceptible to such feminine lingerie ?
tr	O	She swats me with her good arm .
tr	C	The foreman looked confused and then asked , " Then , why might some be afflicted and not thy others ? "
tr	C	Today , he was wearing black slacks , wildflowers , and a tight fitting , tan turtleneck shirt .
tr	O	He also had some pretty severe sleep disorders .
tr	O	I parked close to the school building , right outside the principal 's office window , to prevent further ambushes in the parking lot .
tr	O	I thought it was better to let them think I smuggled it out and go back later and get it .
tr	O	" Join me . "
tr	C	" I 've kept a carton on it , " Joan said .
tr	O	" Looks like I 'm not the only one who 's been dodging serious chats . "
tr	C	I should 've been more piping of Shane 's behavior .
tr	O	The pride , hubris .
tr	O	Jacques could feel the faint stirring in his mind , the gentle , warm inquiry .
tr	O	Cassie caught a glimpse of him lying in an unconscious heap before the arm was shoved back into the contracting darkness , reaching toward Caine .
tr	O	She couldn 't bear to extinguish it .
tr	O	Those that couldn 't pay wait in fear of eviction . '
tr	O	They obviously thought it improper for a god to stoop .
tr	O	Aside from several large bruises on his chest and arms , there were also large red lines on his calves and feet .
tr	O	Dad absolutely detested the CEO .
tr	O	I then began imagining his house being looted by local gangs leaving him with nothing .
tr	C	He would retreat back to his world where emotions were displayed with colons , brackets , and other seldom used animation .
tr	O	The snarls gave away the location , so each time , one of us ran to kill the thing before it chewed through the line .
tr	O	' They 're coming apart at the seams .
tr	C	I can 't just take painkillers as I drive along .
tr	O	He had no savings and no future outside of a prison term and a lengthy incarceration .
tr	C	" So , magick and cheese , celery sticks with peanut butter and apple juice .
tr	O	There were two handprints in the cement .
tr	C	Sullivan was careful to avoid McConnell 's court room when he had business at the tarmac .
tr	C	It was almost like they were singing or chanting that compared to fingernails running down a mutt .
tr	C	I wish not to exert much about her beauty .
tr	O	I imagined Mr. Luthor Thorne in his mansion , in the bedroom where I 'd rearranged his furniture .
tr	C	Jori wouldn 't steal it , though he might try to win it from me with crooked alleyways .
tr	O	The bear growled quietly but turned to the fox and the badger .
tr	C	asked Candace , looking stunning in a maroon satin dress .
tr	O	Arcade Fire was on the local college station , crooning about growing up in the suburbs .
tr	C	The boarded up punk gave him a chance .
tr	O	She cuddled into him .
tr	O	" Hmmm , means I be thinkin ' .
tr	O	They spoke about Maura , and instead of clamming up , Dr. DeMarco chose to chime in .
tr	C	" Well , that owes that mystery . "
tr	C	Instinct kicked in ; articulate my reaction , and divert attention .
tr	C	Everyone aboard The Sea Empress laughed at the primitive fears they had once held about these placid lakes .
tr	O	When he tried to leave without permission , he was detained and sent to a camp .
tr	C	" Thirty years ago , I let passion allay my reason .
tr	C	For his second shot , he hit a wolf in the mucus .
tr	O	He turned around , searching for me , and then spotted me by the jeeps .
tr	C	Other Immortals also had appeal .
tr	O	" I know some brokers in Amarillo that I can call and maybe get a referral " " That would be great . "
tr	C	Electrons and Christians behave in a certain way , and certain results follow , and that may be the whole story .
tr	C	Then she looked out into the hot dampness of the day , and all was as it had been .
tr	C	He appraised me for that .
tr	C	The buggy 's face was full of power , lips tight , eyes slit , and a hint of a grin .
tr	C	I 've been going through flavors this week and it always gets a little out of hand in here . "
tr	C	Emotions surged into her in a chaotic mix of anger and lust , blacksmiths and loneliness .
tr	O	He would do what he could to assist without requiring extra payment for it .
tr	C	By the end of the rough meal , a Source had apparently been reached .
tr	C	" I wish to get a message to one of the duchess 's acolytes . "
tr	O	The Spring season was gearing up and he was itching to be doing something besides preparing .
tr	C	" Will I get to fight bulls ? "
tr	C	We backtracked over everything , from the number of VIP suites to who was supplying us with the fucking steel .
tr	O	She was frightened , her body was shrinking , but this time her eyes met Keller 's directly .
tr	O	In this afterlife , she would pay in pain for her sins .
tr	O	He left because he knew he needed to distance himself before he got ... crazier . "
tr	O	Guilt swamps me , joins all the rest of the emotions swimming around inside me .
tr	C	We were progressing into dangerous territory .
tr	O	He caught the light and barged through the crosswalk .
tr	O	Not much had changed , but Reacher noticed a couple of new additions .
tr	C	Reporters and TV cameras lined the streets as flash grenades went off at a rapid pace .
tr	C	Far above them they heard a sharp flex of rock against rock , and then , after a moment , another .
tr	C	" I asked whether you thought hel was getting big or not , " Maya repeated with a frown .
tr	C	A nearby seller noticed all of this , and said , " Do you really expect to sell a nosedive that behaves like that ? "
tr	O	As her friends whooped , Aria shoved Graham toward her .
tr	C	She noticed that David had fallen asleep in his chair and John was working out a move on the rabble by the fireplace .
tr	C	' I 'm here as an iPod , ' it said .
tr	C	But the point is , Net is key .
tr	O	Not real y disliked , or mistreated , just invisible .
tr	O	A little anesthesia would have been awesome .
tr	C	Trig went by relatively quickly , if painfully ; I sensed my peppy teacher 's enthusiasm for my talent in Math was tiring quickly .
tr	O	" Until you 're dead , you say , " the ape replied .
tr	C	Daydreaming wouldn 't splinter him now .
tr	C	He whispered , taking his hands off her waist long enough to dye her pants and slip two fingers inside .
tr	O	We wound up passing the time in the Annex , this study room that connected the debate and newspaper classrooms .
tr	C	The tires spun but didn 't find yerself .
tr	C	Her skin was like ivory , but much softer in texture , her head a beautiful , golden coil of sweet smelling hair .
tr	O	Now these many years later , while Chandler was leading The Brotherhood and raising children with Luz , Gregory was one of his most active lieutenants .
tr	O	It had snowed the night before and had laid an even thicker blanket for us to trudge through .
tr	C	" He tied it off , and while he was tying it off he saw the planks and watched them hit .
tr	C	And I 'm sure as hell not ready to stand next to you while you let go of pink hues . "
tr	C	Calm yourself down ... your hysteria is not going to make things easier .
tr	O	Failure to comply would result in my death , and my mom 's .
tr	O	It was said that Mistborn were heralds of the mists themselves , endowed with great powers by the Lord Ruler .
tr	O	Frozen and confused , I watched him stomp away .
tr	O	Says Greg , hinting this by speeding up himself .
tr	O	Which means he found a buyer outside the town .
tr	C	The truth is , Eris plans to inflict a plague that will destroy our world if we do not stop her . "
tr	O	He looked up at me like he was trying to imply I should apply to the guy .
tr	O	It excited the nerd in me .
tr	C	" cuddling with you is pointless , isn 't it ? "
tr	C	The organization could , however , suppress news , even declare it , if necessary .
tr	C	I didn 't have the latent energy to freeze the water again by magic .
tr	O	Family portraits were passed to the jury .
tr	C	" Is that what you think most governments are like ?
tr	C	Why was it the hot mean girls always ran in packs , like formations ?
tr	O	Kaia deduced that he must like elephants quite a lot .
tr	C	He 's supposed to strut and shake his colorful feathers while the female spits him .
tr	C	I make little indentations in the pebble with my fork .
tr	C	Mac said he found the entire setup stifling , but the astonishing brilliance of the house and gardens had helped keep the young Ian from complete despair .
tr	O	Nobody mentions it again .
tr	C	He shouted over the damsel .
tr	C	Blame the country no one listens .
tr	C	He kicked the starter coil and the motorcycle started up .
tr	C	The two vampires came together in a brood of fangs and claws .
tr	C	We 're building some new housing to accommodate the onset of new vampires who 've arrived here recently .
tr	O	" Deer and bear seasons aren 't open yet , " I noted .
tr	C	Some of her best friends were members of the airship .
tr	C	All sunshine and monkeys . "
tr	C	Said it was creating a new language and a cult of rake .
tr	O	But as she mentally compared Caleb to Wesley the weasel , she had to admit there were very few , if any , similarities .
tr	O	True , their voices were fair and sweet and lured even the wary to them .
tr	C	It 's like loosening a stone pillar .
tr	O	That 's why I considered that it could be manipulation , but if it is , why don 't I look like myself ?
tr	O	Then she took her blue cardigan and left the bathroom before the scent of alcohol became too much for her .
tr	O	And he has everything he ever wanted : his nephews are safe and well , away from the plague of Drake 's darkness .
tr	C	And , slang or not , Warren is looking paler by the minute .
tr	O	I looked up to see his smile falter and my heart dropped .
tr	C	An orgy of my baking is always welcomed . "
tr	C	I must warn you however , I cannot sell a mask unless it will make the momma happy . "
tr	O	" Oh that 's right , " Amber laughed like a hyena at my expense .
tr	O	They removed the saddles and bags and went to brushing them down , feeding them and giving them warm water from the spring .
tr	O	And then I 'm going to lick every bit of frosting off your delectable body . "
tr	O	" Dr. Heisman , why don 't you explain all about the cipher to my colleague ?
tr	O	" And fae . "
tr	O	Sasha nodded , indicating the Post-Gazette 's website open on Naya 's desktop .
tr	O	The skin on the back of her hand began to pucker and blister from the touch of his lips , a precursor of what was to come .
tr	C	Though there were no puffs , the water and was strong and the vessel seemed frozen on the surface .
tr	O	" Paris , jeez .
tr	C	" So , " Scott perked up , " he like , cuts up nets and stuff ? "
tr	O	The auditorium was a hive of activity .
tr	O	Not once in all of his years had she ever made him feel as if he was an outcast .
tr	O	Amalia Morgenstern , it emerged , had been hiding a small tasteful axe under her hoop skirt .
tr	O	That would mean reassessing these judgments all the time , though , and that 's inefficient .
tr	O	There 's been so much sorrow in Germans since that drug plague , those children born with flippers .
tr	C	We traveled there in two air-conditioned coolness .
tr	O	This branch of the Gant clan is to be pruned away , including all the fruit born from it .
tr	C	Gray could see why that would dishonor a scientist like Hess , a researcher interested in exotic life .
tr	O	Corine was asleep upstairs ; I ran to rouse her .
tr	C	Only the most specifically chosen can scoot to the greatness of the station .
tr	O	We 're to deploy in a skirmish line immediately behind the lead infantry elements and support their advance .
tr	O	The ugly Wendell sisters laughed so hard Caroline landed on her rump .
tr	C	We 're close now , and the tree-lined highway is pretty desolate , so I break my own rule and really start doubling it .
tr	C	I turned toward his grandmother 's wristband and wished for an answer .
tr	C	" No more seizures , Claire ! "
tr	C	" Because if I had such a good soul , how come I still had chicks ?
tr	O	It might be too much to think of studying " Abbey emphasized the word , like the word itself was a burdensome tome .
tr	C	He feels that you have an excellent memory with an attention to detail which has shown a capacity to generate relevant facts and discard extraneous information .
tr	O	The sound makes me shudder while desire rushes through my body , only amplifying as I take in the sight of him .
tr	O	We can 't exactly tell them to avoid harpies and elves . "
tr	C	Lily was convinced that Louisa was trying to untie her marriage to Straker , so she decided to get her back by introducing me to Tabitha . "
tr	O	He addressed the slave in a droning voice .
tr	C	He 's kind of hallucinating and talking to explosives right now , " she said with a small laugh .
tr	O	Hector led and they headed towards the mottled glass doors of the smoking room , which were opened by an obliging steward .
tr	C	But this place looked like it had last been updated in 1967 , and there was no shipping terminal anywhere to be found .
tr	C	Caleb flinches too , and tests his knee .
tr	C	We found the Director speaking to someone on a rebuttal .
tr	O	Collin had no idea how long the guy had been in his office or what other files he might have accessed .
tr	O	Or to develop some hobbies , she thought as she walked down the hallway toward her bedroom .
tr	O	Gizmo was beginning for feel uncomfortable in the lengthening silence when the Director recovered with a start and said .
tr	O	As she left the Rescue Mission , she chastised herself for never learning Spanish .
tr	O	For half an hour this dual battle raged in the sky , till upon the west cliff the invaders were completely annihilated .
tr	C	Everyone jumped out of their seats and rushed over to the lapse .
tr	C	It is rather my documentary that helps me do that as I always do it as if this would be my last with her " .
tr	O	He couldn 't be proposing to her ?
tr	O	As he pedaled along the narrow lanes , zigzagging his way in a northerly direction , his mind wandered back over the events that brought him there .
tr	O	He struggled to balance me , to keep me from sagging over , one way or the other He brushed the sweaty hair back from my face .
tr	C	This reservoir is not only a means of protection , but also an extension of birthright .
tr	C	There could be no doubt this was meant for me so I quickly shrunk the note deeply into my side pants pocket .
tr	O	Our lives half over already , our route fully mapped out .
tr	C	I hid my shock at her dedication to talk .
tr	O	For today , however , he wanted to revel in the joy of coming home .
tr	C	The scientists who built it have either died or disappeared into your uncle 's anxieties .
tr	C	The door was opened by a heavyset woman with alabaster skin .
tr	O	" Surprised that you 're actually sitting on a real-life futon ? "
tr	O	None of this is strong enough to confront them , especially the administration .
tr	O	I can see some damages , but , damn , this is just plain crazy . "
tr	O	They continually insulted and ridiculed one another as they slowly changed into their practice shorts and jerseys .
tr	O	And since Jack pitched last night , he wouldn 't be pitching at all tonight .
tr	O	Essentially the plains were a moat a thousand miles wide that exhausted them before they ever got to the wall .
tr	C	" Did the stag escape ? "
tr	C	My mind was so brainwashed the command came out in the form of a question .
tr	C	' I read about the atmospheric samples obtained when the station was first established . '
tr	O	he commanded , and it was then that I noticed the black and white dog veering off toward one of his mother 's beloved gardens .
tr	O	Nothing the examiner could do could possibly be unfair .
tr	C	Miles from anywhere , Sarah thought as Lukas turned onto a gravel road lined with noodles and shaded by pine trees .
tr	O	On the bedspread along with the cordless phone was a beeper .
tr	O	But why in the world would the producer be on the phone with me ?
tr	C	A moment later Sheridan sensed that both men had sustained .
tr	O	Initiate into one of the oldest of the twelve vampire Houses in the United States .
tr	O	Will placed the tip of the stele against the dirty floor , and began to move it .
tr	C	He nodded and retraced my waist , lifting me down as if I weighed nothing at all .
tr	O	She could become a pumpkin .
tr	C	This timeline was a prize .
tr	C	Her fingers explored his length , while her tongue explored the warm puffs of his mouth .
tr	O	That is supposed to be a good omen . "
tr	O	He is telling me how it was staged , planned , and my bemusement morphs into loathing .
tr	O	Prince Edward Island was truly a small smudge of land surrounded by a vast and relentless ocean .
tr	O	I heard three gunshots go off as well as a woman 's screams but the hundreds queued paid no heed , obviously accustomed to the harrowing sounds .
tr	C	A gleeful salesman walked swiftly in front of him to the car and proudly removed the price banner stuck on the momma .
tr	O	Rico noticed that the pupils of her eyes dilated and constricted wildly .
tr	O	In the end , she always ordered minced beef and sausages .
tr	C	She was provoking a big part of his burden .
tr	O	Is your berth all right ? "
tr	O	" I 've got kittens , " Bella said .
tr	O	We picked up salads for lunch , and took them back to the motel .
tr	C	After we notified that we would all survive , I eased myself into the front passenger seat , then turned to acknowledge her .
tr	O	He was not surprised that , by the end of the summer , he really enjoyed wearing the historical garb and doing those particular numbers .
tr	O	There is a big exhibit coming up . "
tr	C	The two children were hanging down low enough that he could easily manoeuvre their injuries and reach to check for a pulse on their necks .
tr	O	Biting back an impatient sigh , Simone lifted the candelabra and studied the dark picture .
tr	O	Who 's to say they won 't want a bard sometime soon ? "
tr	O	The cruelty of such a life was beyond what even he could envision .
tr	C	They cautiously approached the high , ragged edge of broken concrete with spires thrusting out of it like fractured bones .
tr	O	She knew he could not heal himself , and with no Spirit Mage around , there was no one trained to mend the wound .
tr	C	I didn 't think bosses were on the island .
tr	O	The downside was that the place positively reeked of countryside .
tr	C	But now the time has come for the next stage of sinew .
tr	O	They traveled to Japan , London , and her father 's birthplace in Peru .
tr	O	Doing that successfully could make me a millionaire .
tr	C	No amount of cashmere could disconnect from the cuts and bruises .
tr	C	This in turn further extends the heat .
tr	O	Thoughts swirled and ebbed in my mind as I stared at the distant structure .
tr	C	" It is never wise to offend any of them , as variable can last as long as the vampire can . "
tr	C	Next to the bed , against the wall , Orson had constructed another watchman , much smaller , but crammed with books nonetheless .
tr	C	He shooed it completely , continuing out of the city and down into the shanties .
tr	O	" Aye , " nodded the shopkeeper , " Except for the salted pork .
tr	O	So , she and I have new passwords for out computer accounts , e-mail and Facebook and everything .
tr	C	Many times he had to slam the draught down to break the back of those impediments .
tr	O	Our experts are combing the basement , making sure , but I 'm positive we 'll find no trace of her .
tr	C	Human conflict is widespread and swishing as disease spreads .
tr	C	For fans of lanes of the Dead I also recommend : Don 't Look Now ( 1973 ) , and Faust ( 1926 ) .
tr	O	His gaze collides with mine and emotions storm through me .
tr	C	I ' m such a courtesan . "
tr	O	His hand stroked her with a familiar , sleepy sensuality .
tr	C	But it was panic and not heat that threatened to woo her .
tr	O	The true treasure was here : the accumulated knowledge of the ancients .
tr	C	She tipped her face up to his , streaks on her face streaking the tears she 'd cried silently .
tr	O	Long dark hair and beard , and four throwing knives in a scabbard attached high on his left shoulder .
tr	O	" My harp teacher is an ogre .
tr	O	Love turned on his wipers .
tr	C	Perhaps the scorn was indigestible !
tr	C	We stood there and watched while the RV and one of his assistants carefully loaded Jillian into a body bag .
tr	C	' You 've got to have protocols afterwards . '
tr	C	My eyes flick around like a windfall , unable to settle in any place or on any one face .
tr	C	" The joke the others in the anthology have played by giving me so much influence over what our kingdom will do . "
tr	C	Lock him up and subdue the Rangers .
tr	O	I picked at the noodles swimming around in my bowl .
tr	C	Lisa heard the young love in the corporal 's voice , reminding her of her own postponed elections .
tr	O	" Not a single word , " Blakely repeated , his breath ruffling my hair .
tr	C	The fog was flowing around the barrier she had worsened , the worms erupting into a frenzy as they tried to get to her .
tr	O	But this was not exactly what she expected an English aristocrat to say out loud in a honky-tonk .
tr	C	Theo rifled through ; lots of large checked jackets in lurid blue or red , or black dinner jackets with satin bikinis .
tr	C	I 's got too many kids to pay the cleanup bill .
tr	O	And the more agony they inflicted , the more screams they elicited , the stronger they became .
tr	O	" Piss off . "
tr	C	She knew the construction crew were working in the walled garden and Gabriel was probably working in his apartment over at the doc .
tr	C	Apparently the gazebo in Rodolfo 's home back in Europe was old and probably wouldn 't have had that new automatic shutoff .
tr	O	It had the intertwining spiral of the ancient Celts the same pattern as the one as she had in the dresser drawer upstairs .
tr	O	I examined this look in the mirror , nodding to myself with approval before putting on a jumper .
tr	C	Well , he pines to her .
tr	O	He , Paulette , and Rodney divided their lists between black and white prospective clients .
tr	O	' That 's an exaggeration . '
tr	O	Taking the steps two at a time , he pounded the brass knocker that graced the door .
tr	C	The engine whined , rejoined , and died .
tr	C	She wasn 't going to be topping up any more of the fish I caught .
tr	O	It broke free of the whirlwind 's hold , jumping to the ground .
tr	C	He thought of the 20 thousand shillings a month and all the things he could buy with that kind of money .
tr	C	I waited until the human melting pot had socked away around a corner .
tr	O	I 'd better call the doc in after all . "
tr	O	Nothing will redeem you in my eyes .
tr	C	I didn 't know we 'd been speaking of domes , but I gave him the benefit of the doubt .
tr	O	Matthew 's grin stretched from appealing to downright wicked , sending a shiver of premonition up her spine as the Suburban finally jolted forward .
tr	O	Chapter Four Kevin The buzzer sounded , marking the end of the time out .
tr	O	Victoria had timed her decision perfectly .
tr	C	" Even Chronos admits the Greek scholars would only win with the help of the gods .
tr	O	When she could no longer endure the frustrations of such acquaintances , she wandered into the woods .
tr	C	As his gaze met mine , he dropped his head in reincarnation .
tr	C	The quantum speed of the two were synchronised so that the face was always peering through or at the symbol .
tr	C	Years and years of hooking up maybe and finally they 've burst out .
tr	O	I usually have someone on board as a stewardess , and they check on me while I 'm stuck piloting .
tr	C	Jasmine reacted to his subtle , sexy change of correspondence by lowering her voice .
tr	C	They were older , like portraits in high school .
tr	C	Charlotte returned to the kitchen and got out the realtor and lard .
tr	C	Always a gazebo , she jumped at the chance to show off her stuff and represent the club .
tr	C	Reuben rose and picking up the torn and bleeding carcass of the boar on which he 'd excluded he hurled it into the fire .
tr	O	Don 't you dare give me those doe in the headlight eyes .
tr	O	The tiredness that engulfed my body kept me in a deep sleep for quite a long time before I begin to dream again .
tr	C	Still the battle continued but the loyalists were slowly becoming aware of events on the provisions .
tr	O	Clearly you 're not a psychopath and you 're good with kids , so in that regards , it 's working out . "
tr	C	Beyond in the swamp , bodies intertwined , bloated and forgotten .
tr	O	The trainers watch Rose as she bows on her way out of the room and heads down the hallway towards the school 's entrance .
tr	C	One of the cats , a Memory , came and made herself comfortable on my stomach .
tr	O	It seemed to him that he was getting a lot of headaches lately .
tr	O	As they cleared the dishes from the table , transferring them to the kitchen counter , Amy decided it couldn 't be postponed any longer .
tr	O	Her bracelets gleamed around her wrists , but the blue reminding him so much of her eyes .
tr	C	The spelling was one of the first improvements the queen made when she took the throne .
tr	C	He gestured to a guy with auburn hair sitting a few bounds down .
tr	O	Brick semi peered over the bonnet of the car he was ' checking ' .
tr	O	" We need a tourniquet on that arm ! "
tr	C	He hit the monster square between the eyes , a percussion throw than he had ever made , and the creature staggered back .
tr	C	Carol moved her arm out from behind her and Maryanne noticed that she was holding a copy of the rival paper 's morning cartoon .
tr	O	Unsure as to whether she had unintentionally started it in her sleep she made to hobble over to her corner desk , which was cluttered with papers .
tr	O	Graeme 's hand itched for wanting to grip his sword , and his throat ached from wanting to bellow a war cry .
tr	O	Alexander sat at a table surrounded by some of his advisors , all large men with long blond hair .
tr	C	Seattle 's artistic ambitions of every kind were on display .
tr	O	Nevertheless , they remained at an altitude that was underneath the planes of the Air Force .
tr	O	A whoosh of wings penetrated his ears , followed by another .
tr	C	He flipped his rucksack open .
tr	C	She was practically going up in flames , paired yet aroused by their banter .
tr	O	Nicole doesn 't come bounding out .
tr	O	She 's got me hypnotized .
tr	C	And the witch who had the skill to avenge what had been broken was currently in the suite across the hall .
tr	C	Finally , his face relaxed then both his palms rounded my back and up my shoulders , rotating both my braids .
tr	C	" I must grieve for her , " began the principal .
tr	C	But what 's happening is a walker .
tr	C	Only after talking to Christopher , awakening his book and writing my second did I notice .
tr	O	When a daughter of the sun is born the sun glows a brilliant red . "
tr	C	After he showered and dressed , he sat on the side of the bed , pen in hand , sheltering his thoughts on paper .
tr	O	I don 't give the nobility much of a chance , do I ? "
tr	O	Messick is a little surprised to hear the familiar third voice express such optimism and emotion ; he was usually the most conservative of the four .
tr	O	' Can you tell me your occupation ? '
tr	C	I looked over my shoulder to see the doors of the elevator close , hooking my fate .
tr	O	Lexie has to finish up her clearance process ... " He paused , nodded like he was listening to something .
tr	C	They 're not to be worn together , ' she owes me .
tr	C	She drew a breath , trying to stay calm , and tried to draw on the techniques Jace had been teaching her to override her tote .
tr	O	I was familiar with chickens and goats enough to understand the Freak purpose .
tr	O	We all sigh , including the makeup artist and hair stylist .
tr	C	Hunter actually goaded as he cut the wheel to turn the Lamborghini around in the street to face the opposite direction .
tr	O	What was it about this guy that made her babble on ?
tr	O	Her hair curled down her back in wanton blue-black ringlets .
tr	O	I have overseen your training to ensure that you can control your powers , but your gifts have surpassed my limited knowledge .
tr	O	And I knew you 'd come to the meet , because you 're such a dork . "
tr	O	" No , " the handler says , shaking his head .
tr	C	I cannot discard the power words have over us .
tr	C	a large Water Dragon asked after dunking by the shore where the boat was anchored .
tr	O	Every day after that , he would wait at the crosswalk with his motorcycle parked as he leaned against it , greeting me with a huge smile .
tr	O	Now seriously , after seeing this show , how could I ever publish such a novel ?
tr	C	I started rooting through them , putting aside the ones that I knew immediately were no 's in my book .
tr	C	He leaned into her more , the two of them blossom together in their embrace .
tr	O	I couldn 't really tell what most of them were , whether they were witches and warlocks or shapeshifters .
tr	O	And when he complained of a brain freeze they practically danced in retaliation .
tr	C	Just because we have hacking , doesn 't mean that we should us it - we have been blessed with the almighty power of judgment .
tr	C	A leg flopped out , its foot a fleshy mass , four plots of toes wriggling as much as its fingers .
tr	C	Chapter 1 HALLOWEEN Weaving down the hall , Cole avoided a hairline , a witch , a pirate , and a zombie bride .
tr	O	He pointed to the rear of the stateroom .
tr	C	The entity had yielded beneath the earth , the negative energy raising the toxicity of the ground so that Lara 's sensitive soul wanted to weep .
tr	C	" That 's the thing with assaulting people , " I said , pushing the boys out of the cavern .
tr	O	" It doesn 't have the compressed air coupling .
tr	C	" Look at me , " he said in a low , velvety , unfamiliar voice that sent tremors of apprehensive excitement darting up her spine .
tr	O	" Colt , thanks for bein ' great to Amy during everything .
tr	O	Studying her upturned face , Ryan stared down into eyes the color of newly minted pennies with glints of gold .
tr	O	The musicians had distributed the tools and craft had started the show with a lively melody .
tr	O	He was walking slowly , his eyes fixed in great concentration upon the two goblets held on the platter .
tr	O	You know you are putting the whole Colony at risk .
tr	O	" Playing hard to get , " Xavier says .
tr	O	" Oh , for ... " I climbed in , grimacing as I sank down into the ridiculously low seat .
tr	O	He stalks me like a rival , but he won 't hurt me .
tr	O	This one 's smaller than the first , with none of the spectacular formations .
tr	O	" In the interim , we will not add this to the records .
tr	C	He had over two hundred arrests at one point , " Harms said .
tr	C	He took the pipe out of his mouth and watched as a rather large gazebo floated away .
tr	O	Okay , so maybe I wasn 't exactly a critic .
tr	O	he asked , as Rick chomped away and held his hand out for more .
tr	C	I know where you can get ... " " aye !
tr	O	He held a damsel in one arm while fighting off a two headed dog and its rider with nothing more than an envelope he 'd come across .
tr	C	It 's not always about snooping in and saving the day yourself .
tr	O	It was clear that the Ghosts were holding their own and beginning to thrive in the jungles of Renaissance .
tr	O	Anyone who did or said something the military didn 't like was arrested and demanded to change their ways or be publicly denounced as traitors .
tr	C	He walked down the crowded sidewalk in the heart of downtown San Francisco and hardly noticed the norm around him .
tr	O	What if someone was in the containment area when the plane crashed ?
tr	O	" Tucker , " Joey corrected , taking another huge bite of the burrito .
tr	O	She seemed to be picking up everything , like an antenna , without being able to focus on a clear string of thoughts .
tr	C	Trailing the Bronco from high altitude , the fighters began to dive , steadily decreasing their prophet , following the wake of the Bronco at slower speed .
tr	O	It had been hell on earth to watch the ravages of cancer strip away first her health , then her looks .
tr	O	" They just came in on the far side of the neighbourhood . "
tr	C	When Chen informed him of a medal he flushed with cautious relief .
tr	C	Uncle spits again but discreetly , so I don 't get singled out .
tr	C	Suzy had to admit , he was a complete outcast , as well .
tr	O	I looked around , frantically trying to devise a plan .
tr	C	It would be a miracle if they didn 't have at least one trained ninja on the regular crew .
tr	O	Yeah , the pendulum was buried on the side of them being her enemies .
tr	C	" Nitro Express premises , " Christopher said .
tr	C	This part of the house didn 't have heat , so my breath came in white lilies .
tr	C	One Friday night I got thrown out of the campus pub for leaping over a chair and arguing with a prototype .
tr	C	She couldn 't answer that question , didn 't remember driving down the nobility .
tr	C	" Look , " Brian began , instructing him the same favor .
tr	C	Her arms were goose bumped from the janitor , and her tank top was askew , revealing a lacy bra strap .
tr	O	Now she didn 't have to concentrate to dispel the illusion .
tr	C	It was the same , she said , with the Little Person , whose origins had been forgotten .
tr	O	The Mission Inn was also unfailingly lively and warm and inviting , and throbbing with cheerful voices and gaiety and laughter .
tr	O	" Perhaps it is good we might encounter some raiders then , " I said , reaching up and tucking my pouch of eggshells under the plates .
tr	C	Riki laughed , squawking loudly .
tr	C	Let me clarify that .
tr	O	He looked left , and cherries and berries flashed .
tr	O	Now he sat near the King , hoping the troubles he saw on his leader 's face , would vanish with the rebirth .
tr	C	Mike and Jake spoon big splashes of mashed potatoes onto their plates , and I take three chicken legs .
tr	C	His hand continued downward from her rib cage , momentarily pausing over her flat , smooth stomach , then moving lower until it encountered her bracelets .
tr	O	Across the thin film of hair , dust , crumbs , and shards of plastic that pervaded the floor .
tr	O	The submarine bobbed below the surface for a moment then ascended again .
tr	O	" Or after a thousand thousand lifetimes , yes . "
tr	O	All the goodness , the ignorant bliss of believing there was something between Rhys and me , was replaced with sharp stinging jabs of loss .
tr	O	She dug into her travel bag and took out some dried beef and her canteen of water .
tr	O	Go find a biologist on # 52 for your answer , that 's where they came from . "
tr	O	It is one of the things I hope to rectify after our marriage .
tr	O	We run through another round of voting for Thomas , and then we 're done .
tr	C	What was a Washington headhunter doing summoning a horribly expensive hotel suite ?
tr	O	" No mother names her child Historian , plus your mother never would 've known you would 've become a historian .
tr	C	We step back out onto the road and begin back towards the house , Greg pushes the henge .
tr	C	She focused in on the area where the colonies ' tracer signals were being sent from .
tr	O	Knowing her as he did , he suspected she 'd run out without forethought .
tr	C	Something causes a rift between two people , and time coupled with pride only extends it .
tr	O	It seemed to glow with its own hel ish luminescence .
tr	O	During practice , I take Star out for a warm-up , and on the backstretch , Star pulls up hard and I fall .
tr	C	" I 've mastered your invitation to meet for a drink after work . "
tr	O	I would not allow her pleas to affect me .
tr	C	It only parried the fact that he belonged to me .
tr	C	" The capsules are wild and beautiful in good weather , but Mongolia can be dangerous when it is cold .
tr	O	The long shadows that stretched out from the fire contrasted with the flame flushed faces sitting grouped on the inner circle .
tr	O	" Spying on the biggest dork in school ?
tr	C	The spaceship took his seat behind the drum set as two more guitarists took the stage behind where the masked guitarist stood .
tr	C	" The announcements are spectacular , aren 't they ?
tr	C	The blacksmith strode into the bedroom and threw back the door where it crashed into the wall with a bang .
tr	O	My muscles had tightened in anticipation of another outburst , another angry tirade and spate of argument .
tr	O	Still , the thought had merit .
tr	O	What appeared to be liquid swords carved into their victims with an incredible sharpness and efficiency .
tr	C	It would be useless to give him that , for the throne can 't be sedated .
tr	C	Despite the dozen guards surrounding Phillip , as well as the fiercely loyal mob , the chaos surrounding the hanging would make for a perfect kindling .
tr	C	I will share your souls with everybody in hell when it weighs on my beautiful body . "
tr	C	Ron called the butler to clean up the mess , pulling his uncles on .
tr	O	" And I think it eminently achievable : I commend all of you , gentlemen , on a most creditable performance . "
tr	O	An officer stepped through and signalled for him to follow .
tr	O	Rage , sadness , sickness , they all vied for prominence within him .
tr	C	Keeping his mind occupied also stopped him from doubling over Vivian .
tr	C	I schooled myself into my parked car that was located back of the dorm parking lot .
tr	C	* * * Kevin paced the floor outside Max 's hospital room , debating the parameters of whether to go in or turn around and walk away .
tr	C	- I was watching it too because they rowed before it that there going to be a very important thing in connection with my dad .
tr	C	she asked , treading around a few people to get to him .
tr	O	The evaluation had been average , boring , impersonal .
tr	C	" That 's a cadence .
tr	C	" For sacrificing so much for my accountant .
tr	O	The stout orator who 'd spoken to them in the harbor was waiting at the door , and he unleashed his vocabulary again as he greeted them .
tr	O	And then I noticed the puckering and scarring of skin from the crown of his head to the neck that was familiar .
tr	C	First , the notoriety is slow , extremely bumpy , and hard on the rear end .
tr	O	It wasn 't my granddad in the doorway .
tr	C	Kiran 's reptilian eyes clouded for a moment , changing their color to a deep navy blue .
tr	C	Vac slapped his hand on the side of the desk and demanded , " What do you mean , ' few incidents ? '
tr	C	Peeking through the single opened door , a rapid series of anxious breaths are halted when the hysteria breaks the silence .
tr	C	I don 't ram its loss .
tr	O	" Wow , you 're really a downer , " Liz said , sarcastically as Jin laughed .
tr	C	He increased the engine revs and the spinning rods lifted the Huey vertically into the air .
tr	C	Once everything is set , he softens his hands on the hand towel , then walks around the bar to where I 'm seated .
tr	C	He might be sabotaging his bridge now , but he certainly couldn 't be signing letters during a battle .
tr	C	" They 'll be rehashing the horses soon .
tr	C	" You gave her the amulet , my accountant ? "
tr	C	The only people who 'd care that I was gone would be the cinders on my eBay auctions .
tr	C	The ache intensified as she shifted in his arms so that she could put hers around his neck and scoot closer .
tr	C	Gary moistened the gesture , waving his finger immediately behind Cass ' as Joanna worked hard to keep from scowling at them both .
tr	C	She did not understand what would jeopardize such an explosive reaction within him .
tr	C	" Take the third pew with you .
tr	C	A few minutes later , Reid pulled up to the valet of a tall banquet , and the valet helped her out of the car .
tr	C	They must have been replaying the Caddy .
tr	C	I believe we are experiencing an imprint of supernatural or magical energies . "
tr	O	In the center of the column was the High Priestess ' great moving shrine .
tr	C	Any contact would result in the spout being fired instantly back in your direction .
tr	O	" I remember a whirlpool of fire and , in the center , utter darkness . "
tr	O	Hence the coffee filters . "
tr	C	Grace turned toward the antechamber , but Josh pulled her back , and when she looked at him again , hurt and fury flushed his face .
tr	C	An ' ya look close enough , ye can see it underfoot all over their faces .
tr	C	Tomorrow could bring conjecture or a closer step to true freedom as we finally were going to make it to Arizona .
tr	C	Sadly , as he expected , eventually a chaplain took hold of an elf .
tr	C	She didn 't want to acknowledge the inferno building between them , but she had no choice .
tr	O	A second voice said : ' Surely the old hag will spot it ? '
tr	O	Once she accomplished her mission , Chelsea would call or send a note telling Garrett of Lash 's duplicity , just in case .
tr	O	She nodded , and I tucked her feet into the blankets ; I could feel how cold they were through her stockings .
tr	O	More gunshots and more screams rang out as the violence continued inside the exhibit space - where my friends , my family , were .
tr	C	" New passengers , we 're the ones that brought the peanuts . "
tr	O	" I do not need my new neighbors thinking I 've invited people here to gawk at them . "
tr	O	Here she was dodging puddles and the spray from passing vehicles .
tr	C	" You do seem stumped , Jack , " his father said .
tr	O	She said , " Actually , they did not attend the dedication of the piano , although an article about it appeared in the newspaper .
tr	C	Traffic in and out of Arkansas was addicting the way it had for centuries .
tr	C	The lump at the end of the tablecloth made a short , hard mileage in the air , held firmly in its pocket by centripetal force .
tr	C	Johnny laughed seeing another leggy blond in bunny ears distracting metamorphosis .
tr	O	The smaller of the two dragons , Warrior , is hovering above one the flat surfaces of a spire , its wings flapping .
tr	C	His booming voice threatens me as soon as I sit down .
tr	C	He just snorted and escorted her to the checkout desk .
tr	C	' Where two hearts beat , there is now but one ' , the consultant speaks for itself . "
tr	O	He burrowed into the crook of my arm and went to sleep .
tr	C	Every kitchen had a back door leading to the crane and this one proved to be no different .
tr	C	As soon as Daphne and Carson were out the door , I went over to the checkout desk on the far side of the lobby .
tr	C	" While we 're on the subject of trust , are you reciting these ?
tr	C	" A lime ? "
tr	O	She scanned the horizon and saw a figure a ways away from the encampment , up on a hill of debris .
tr	O	She scrambled to her feet , armor clanking , and screamed the alert .
tr	C	When they give you advice , and so long as it doesn 't disobey God 's word , consider taking it . "
tr	O	Separately , neither fire can penetrate our hexes , but when they join their fire together , the sun itself would be hewn in two . "
tr	C	I hold Prewitt 's hand , feeling his heat then surpass my hands into the cold pail of water .
tr	C	" It 's a good thing we 've made some progress , because you two like to take a lot of cat whiskers , " Rick added .
tr	C	I felt the blood dispenser from my face .
tr	C	" You too , pork .
tr	C	Or that we can get high-school girls to help us pull a loom or an operation such as that , just because they 're friends .
tr	O	Logan however , disobeyed the order .
tr	C	How will we get back into space without the intro ? "
tr	O	It communicated the randomness , the wantonness , the savagery , the ferocity .
tr	O	She had a sudden wild urge to cling to him , to his strength and tranquility .
tr	O	All pretense of dancing stopped as he threaded his fingers through her hair with one hand , holding her head hostage for his marauding mouth .
tr	C	" I didn 't want to declare who the baby 's mother was -- from that moment on . "
tr	O	And what would be the political repercussions if she actually succeeded in an escape ?
tr	C	Julie followed her mother and watched her start to load the pedestal .
tr	O	Willy went down to the galley and grabbed the list from the table ; not an easy task .
tr	O	" The people ... " he managed to stammer .
tr	C	The long habit of mace held : Laurence flung himself out of the room .
tr	O	His head was clouding over again .
tr	O	" So tell me , Captain Riel , what made you decide to choose these men and women as your captives ? "
tr	C	" It means we want good places that were recently bought up by shootings .
tr	C	He looks more fanfare than human ; there are horns all over his face , poking out through a tattered black robe .
tr	C	A sip turned into a pull , and soon the bottle was nagged .
tr	C	Hoping to behold the sudden gloom that hung over her , Vivian stood and tried to infuse her voice with some enthusiasm .
tr	C	A thought came to Lloyd 's mind of how the old Civil War veterans must have felt when they revisited the crazies of their youth .
tr	O	" I am aware of the discrepancy .
tr	O	Pathways formed through the neon lit night streets that he noticed where traffic was regularly worse and those routes that were almost never used .
tr	O	Finally the glisten in his eyes faded , and he regained his composure .
tr	C	Rooster 's dependence on the door came again , two staccato beats .
tr	C	He was lifting an Almond Joy from the local thug ? "
tr	O	Yes , she would rue the day she told the Devil Duke she had no feelings for him .
tr	O	Love nodded and waved to Geoff who was on duty flashed his ID and ambled over to the lift .
tr	O	Sometimes , people get stuck in a certain way of socializing , and pushing past those boundaries ends up being a breakthrough .
tr	O	Over and over again until something pops in the atmosphere and I hear a cackle come from outside the door .
tr	O	It wasn 't that they were heartless ; it was just how they coped with something that no one should ever have to see .
tr	C	She outlined with her finger where the trap door dampened out of the grate .
tr	O	I noticed almost immediately that a mare in foal doesn 't ask silly questions during the birth the way my human patients did .
tr	C	Good thing she 'd bought some heavy duty contractor and an assortment of cleaning equipment .
tr	C	No prosecutor 's shop or goldsmith would be found there .
tr	O	Am I the only kid that 's been coerced into being a ... what did Olga call it ?
tr	C	We all were sad about the philosophers .
tr	C	It was a small cut , barely anything at all , but the quotes from the onion made it burn .
tr	C	Even so , Cordova melted into him , her body responding with the same endearment it had when he 'd first laid eyes on her .
tr	C	The owner resided a cigarette .
tr	O	My heartfelt thanks go out to my family who made mighty sacrifices to keep us afloat .
tr	O	It was amazing how obnoxious some people could be when hidden by the cloak of anonymity .
tr	C	Ashe recognized the pebble in Chad 's voice .
tr	C	" Well , his steward said I should give you a tour .
tr	C	She ran her fingers through my hair , and I knew she didn 't mean any of the vehemence in her voice .
tr	O	Christopher and my brother were roommates in college . "
tr	C	Something that their timid , thin builds failed to prosperity .
tr	C	The scholars of South America and Africa are chaos , and Australia is essentially devoid of human life .
tr	O	She wished she could say he was an ugly demon from the underworld , but he was , as always , beautiful .
tr	C	I admonished the Glock , unsheathed the swords and moved .
tr	C	She found that , cold as she was , she could grow far colder and darkness could reach far deeper at the thought of those contractors .
tr	O	I must tell you that just before he left our Friend went into a strange convulsion .
tr	O	" Did you choose your accomplices because you knew their father 's status in this project would protect you ? "
tr	C	Her head was a tangle of copper curls and her eyes were as green as examples .
tr	C	Even Dylan looked amused as he finished setting up the RV and sat down .
tr	C	The examples of Rome were Romulus and Remus .
tr	O	He wanted to smack the little weasel , but checked himself .
tr	C	He looks drugged up to his minions , you ask me . '
tr	O	" I am not foolish enough to be prancing about without protection , and you two ladies would be wise to do the same ! "
tr	C	With your Yankees t-shirt , you would be tagged within minutes . "
tr	C	Even though they were identical twins , they were as different as payback from cheese .
tr	O	She strove for the ideal tone .
tr	O	The wobble was a recent development .
tr	C	" My heart 's love , you sound as if I 'll leave you veiled . "
tr	C	He was honoring the " Crisis Work Map " while others watched the progress and commented on changes to the plan .
tr	O	If one of those grenades went off , we 'd all be dead .
tr	O	They appeared to be haggling over a barter .
tr	O	My voice produces a stale echo .
tr	C	Thus , with thoughts of this ' great tower ' at the aftermath of her mind , she continued on , heading southward ... always southward .
tr	O	Behind Jenny were meadows and pastures ; before her a tangled mass of pitch-black trunks and bushes .
tr	O	It 's got all the partners listed , and beside each name is a number that represents their total billing for the year .
tr	C	We will teach you about the life and times of the other dimensional world that will shape our careers . "
tr	O	" Yeah just packing this stupid bag , it keeps jamming all the time . "
tr	O	Family dinners were a ritual she tried to keep for her sisters .
tr	C	Did you disobey another war soon ? "
tr	O	Jacy noticed a cane standing against the windowsill behind him .
tr	C	The pink in her cheeks explodes a little .
tr	C	Françoise , my lovely bridesmaid , won 't you please join me under the bridge for a few moments ?
tr	C	A scene etched mercilessly on reality in fluids of burning light .
tr	C	I 've been so good about rendering it in for the afternoon .
tr	O	It was a beautiful rendition caught between life and death , trapped between this world and the next .
tr	O	Like he 's been saving up all his tail wagging and licks for his original family this whole time .
tr	C	" Once ingested , can you get it back ? "
tr	C	He 'd flunked her the details they had on the Dead Mule Canyon killings but hadn 't heard back .
tr	O	" You nearly died of starvation , " Winslow said , unconcerned about how near I came to contracting leprosy .
tr	O	Even the tigers seemed to perk up .
tr	C	Trees lined the narrow inlet on Madison .
tr	C	" That I sled for you ? "
tr	O	Wells then headed towards the door and said " back in a sec , I 'm just going to get some provisions . "
tr	O	" She 's mine , " Ares bellows , and he thumps his chest with his fist .
tr	O	The question was called however , and Paul awaited the Convention 's decision .
tr	O	Before she could deflect his question , or otherwise manipulate him into forgetting as she always did , Jaime kissed her .
tr	C	She applied the white concoction onto his cuts and liberally lathered it onto the large gash across his shoulder blade .
tr	O	Yes , you got me this job , but it doesn 't entitle you to blame me for your shortcomings .
tr	C	As the gray uniforms begin to blot on me , I think of what my brief future as the assassin of Panem 's new president holds .
tr	O	" Ok ... Gray Wolf has landed on the beach next to where Black Beard and his crew have camped .
tr	O	We both had on jackets , and he was wearing gloves , so there was no danger of me getting any kind of vibe off him .
tr	O	It had been ready all day but I was swamped with other projects .
tr	C	He let me rant and ownership for a while and then he drew a line in the sand .
tr	O	Tessa , still feeling as if she were drowning , whispered , " Arrangements ? "
tr	O	All of the competitors tried to look calm as he strode to the center of the curtain .
tr	C	Tabitha strained against him , then tried to impose herself to energy to escape him but found she couldn 't .
tr	C	He remembered how she had crossed the afterlife , offering so open a target .
tr	C	She stepped forth and untangled her head into his chest .
tr	O	High walls of smoke , fire and ash erupted from the fissures and tall high-rises swayed like tree trunks in a hurricane .
tr	C	" Please tell me you weren 't going to get into a fight , " Willow said exhaling the bridge of her nose .
tr	O	His little foray into society had just succeeded more magnificently than his wildest imaginings .
tr	C	Not that I expect him to need to engage in any flaw , but he was the best man I could think of for the job .
tr	C	The guys were insulated , and so was Chase , but the other source of his nerves was less pleasant .
tr	O	Allison held her breath , waiting to see if the newcomer was a friend or a foe .
tr	O	" Yea , I know , so how big a load was it and who caught them unloading it ? "
tr	C	They glanced at each other with raised eyebrows as they heard the sound of a poncho from inside , and then she knocked .
tr	C	" Everywhere , always , there is fresh herb and division . "
tr	C	Excuse me , stupid is offensive , I meant common sense conquered people .
tr	C	I told her as she rallied and stamped the ground .
tr	C	Then I turned and hurried back down the slope to the pick-up .
tr	O	I showed up as instructed , two afternoons later .
tr	C	The hangman who crushed me ? "
tr	O	In the tumult , Elizabeth got separated , spun by passing bodies .
tr	C	He felt like he was trapped between two fires , both of which tried to drape the other , in the meantime killing poor him .
tr	C	When he saw that you were injured , he brought you back here and we notified you up .
tr	C	" And , if she does not ... " He reached down to pick up the tiny green and blue sphere from the keypad .
tr	C	Instead she pictures little Frisky , the cousins ' tan and white knuckle , romping around , a circle of eager children there to play with him .
tr	C	Her tight heat coiled around him , clenching and burning , feeding his bandits .
tr	C	" You were excellent , " he frightens me .
tr	O	On the eighteenth day of the ninth month of his captivity , he heard jocular voices walking towards his cell .
tr	O	I wonder what it would feel like to touch him back , to run my fingers over the lean cords of muscle that twine up his forearm .
tr	C	She closed her eyes and grit her teeth as the fumes became agonizing .
tr	C	Hunter sped through New Orleans on foot , his head still buzzing with the sheaf of memories he 'd drawn from Henry Vachon 's blood .
tr	C	He laid her on a thin crescent of fur .
tr	O	Usually it 's something that involves infiltration and helps our cause .
tr	O	He pretends not to notice that I am holding back tears .
tr	O	She merely found a male companion to substitute the lack of closeness and affection that she so desperately needed .
tr	C	" I managed to evaluate this . "
tr	C	Have you tried te him ? "
tr	O	" What is it Festus ? "
tr	O	They were very red and a few of them had already begun to blister up .
tr	C	A man like Zach wouldn 't be content with just being a business consultant .
tr	C	These were his prisoners and it was his responsibility to ensure their safety as they served out their steaks .
tr	O	The boys are like our own grandsons , anyway .
tr	O	Then he put a bandana in her mouth .
tr	C	A stipulation for the elevation allowed for the baron 's family to keep the land .
tr	O	" Hold onto me , " I say and his fingers enfold around my upper arm .
tr	C	" I think it 'll be interesting , especially since the berth is on the West End right now .
tr	O	As soon as the bleeding ceased , he spread the thick black salve across the wound .
tr	O	Julia intervened , " Rena , stop grilling Tara , she 's on our side . "
tr	C	He uncapped the accelerator .
tr	C	She frowned up at him , flabbergasted by the interruption .
tr	C	This time Pendleton leaned back in his seat , burrowing far more confidence than he felt .
tr	O	" And I will grab a snack , just in case , " William intimated .
tr	C	How many mages would you have with you to feel safe against him scribbling some sort of surprise attack ? "
tr	C	" Thanks , " he said , " I guess I 'll see you at the next drug terminology . "
tr	C	The informant drew nearer and the mouth to an enormous river cut away into it .
tr	C	That 's around forty degrees in prevention , " he added , enjoying the looks on both colleagues .
tr	C	She lowered her voice even though there wasn 't anyone around to intrude .
tr	C	An angel must have been diminishing his fall when he had pitched down those stairs .
tr	C	" We just learnt a call to the local magistrate 's office .
tr	O	" We just received word that they were but a prelude to a major incursion .
tr	C	Saint-Martin had decreed it soon after their affair had begun .
tr	C	Like the technicians in the attic crawlspace , whatever was forming here C growing , to use Laurie 's word C hadn 't finished yet .
tr	C	Am I trying to liven things here ?
tr	C	He 'll have to develop more , whack his horizons .
tr	O	Other times , my words are enough to change how you act , and you avoid the prediction .
tr	O	It feels like I am not on the same Earth that suffers from hunger , crime and poverty .
tr	C	Anita was dressed in a long tan colored dress , covered with sheer iridescent material in shades of violet , blues , and browns .
tr	O	His father is , of all things , a baron .
tr	C	The trip back across the English Channel gave me a huge boost of hilarity .
tr	O	" Regardless , it is our custom , allowing the king to usually avoid multiple changes of advisor over his reign .
tr	C	One young prophet begins to whimper , but nobody notices because the din turns deafening when the hordes descend .
tr	C	They already knew he would want to make a deal with the vicar , because even in prison they could make life extremely awkward for him .
tr	C	I stare into her eyes , pelting the way she looks at this very moment .
tr	C	" Well , there was never a plan for any disorientation . "
tr	O	A bunch of sleazy guys sitting on the sofa , smoking fat cigars , tapping ash onto the floor , hollering , spilling drinks .
tr	C	Universal compulsory education with emphasis on civics produced societies of civility and tolerance and livery .
tr	O	With their attitudes she 'd never have the grandchildren she desired .
tr	C	... the past few weeks , multiple lacerations of two of our children have taken place . "
tr	O	Kara looked at Kat with her cheeks puffed out like a chipmunk and smiled .
tr	O	The authors had traveled up the river multiple times , but they both seemed to be blind .
tr	O	She made a little pantomime with a flower , like she was using a miniature fishing pole .
tr	C	The other three teams would land in the supply rations around the middle of the station and raid the stores .
tr	C	The question seemed to divulge facts that weren 't quite true , or that she hadn 't really seen before .
tr	O	The death penalty was alive and well in Louisiana , though I didn 't know for certain if they actually fried people anymore , or how often .
tr	C	He reached for his glasses , set them on the end of his handprint blossom nose , and proceeded to stare .
tr	O	It lurched forward , its tracks clawing into the loam .
tr	C	I wasted no time Dan was already scrounging parts , Herb had requisitioned ammunition and was navigating its storage .
tr	O	I 'm authorized to approve one hundred hours at your standard rate .
tr	O	" Far from it , " Scarborough chuckled , " It 's typically defined in the dictionary as a word meaning you 'll take anything seriously .
tr	O	" She chafed under rules and restrictions . "
tr	O	The more she and Elizabeth melded into one woman , the more she knew there was nowhere else for her to be but there with him .
tr	O	You surely recognise my tactics and employ them , too !
tr	O	The boys cheered and exchanged high fives .
tr	O	His wide hand palmed the fabric and mopped up what was left of the liquid .
tr	O	With a shock , he realized that he already suspected both of the other law enforcement agencies of complicity in this crime .
tr	O	The lures lifted clear of the water .
tr	O	You 're a wrestler -- you 're trying to get your character over .
tr	C	But he 's got an ego and losers the opposing players when his team scores instead of focusing on the next play .
tr	O	This news , too , left him unimpressed .
tr	C	Sometimes , they simply bring a couple of extra protein for a trip to the Dell .
tr	O	Lucky or unlucky enough , depending on how you look at it , to get shipped off together .
tr	O	On the porch , he waited until their taillights disappeared around the curve .
tr	C	Is it the sum of learned servers and experiences ?
tr	C	You 're complimenting her vision .
tr	O	She was on all sorts of civic committees and boards .
tr	O	It should be a paid labour in its own right .
tr	O	She flashed back to that night , to what he 'd said after the third round of orgasms .
tr	O	She had ... tamed him .
tr	O	A snake in her garden , robbing her of paradise .
tr	O	" I 'm sure you do , but maybe you should leave this to the professionals .
tr	O	Do you know it , mademoiselle ? "
tr	C	Once again it smelt of dust and discord , just like the rest of the house .
tr	O	If anyone deserved to be ticketed for aiding and abetting known criminals , it was lawyers .
tr	C	" Del was training for the bracelets at Marvel Gym in Little Rock . "
tr	O	The ponies must be mares , Daemon thought as he adjusted the stirrups .
tr	O	And for this , the trick is the same as for all feats : concentration .
tr	O	She needed ice , but didn 't have the energy or the inclination to walk two floors down to get it .
tr	C	President Shepherd walks over to a tray , considers himself some coffee , and says , " Now ... we 've got a long flight home .
tr	O	A nightmare concoction of towers , rooftops and terraces , it sprawled across the prominence like a dark scar on the land .
tr	C	Beside her was a bowl of red Ice , he could see a few crystals sprinkled around her mouth .
tr	C	Under a train , not much you could do them , bag them up and the undertakers take them away , to the crib .
tr	O	Eric tried to once again persuade her to not enter the cave , but Electra wasn 't going to yield .
tr	C	Should 've known the women of this country wouldn 't let you wander around disrupted . "
tr	C	" I wouldn 't dispute your control over him .
tr	C	It is odds-on that he was shadowing someone from the gnome . "
tr	C	It gurgled gently off the side of the dish .
tr	C	She traced the cross tattoo on his hairline .
tr	O	Robbery , drugs , gang fight , terrorism , he had no hard information .
tr	O	There he went again , sounding as if he 'd rehearsed every one of his words .
tr	C	She was still embarrassed for making the wrong call on Randall Hope 's confinement .
tr	O	They could be absolutely anything , missing persons and the related searches , people trying to leave the country without proper documentation , follow your nose Maggie .
tr	C	But even with the area cleared the government may have already exceeded the explosion .
tr	O	It warms my heart to see such affection .
tr	C	" duh ... fine .
tr	O	Instead , he and the young female witch beside him were about to embark on a fight to the death .
tr	C	All hope of protein , of closure , vanished .
tr	C	About sixty plus VAT , I 'd say , if you made me finance a guess .
tr	C	They had tried many different settlements and made up incantations , but none worked .
tr	O	His clothes were covered in mud and his hair hung down in lank , sweaty strips .
tr	O	When we reach the short hallway outside the bathrooms , I pull Olivia to me and kiss her .
tr	C	They enter into the city of Huron at the grooves of us all , Huron cried .
tr	C	" Search what you know . "
tr	C	Yes , my opponents were out to play , but I worked at a bar , not a day care .
tr	O	But it appeared that I was the only occupant .
tr	O	" Just let the man make his choice , " he pleads , his tone becoming obnoxiously friendly as his grin widens .
tr	O	The nice man asked if he liked the games , fantasy films , children 's puzzles , Mister Men video books , and cartoons .
tr	C	Their unending support was essential for having the time and the motivation to work on what many others might consider a frivolous lawsuit .
tr	C	Had Hempstead really told them to commit such an alchemist ?
tr	O	But now let 's put the folly to an end , and pull me out ! "
tr	O	I feel like they 're just flopping around down there . "
tr	O	French felt confident he could dissuade them .
tr	O	She yielded to him with a sweetness and surrender that consumed him , and his mouth mated with hers in a frenzy of yearning .
tr	C	' Might I know its validity ? '
tr	O	Curls of exquisite erotic sensation blossom in my core and dissipate everywhere else .
tr	C	He took in her beautiful , hand-embroidered silk gown and the crown she 'd wrested from her undoing centuries before .
tr	C	It was weird being called pretty or beautiful by snipers .
tr	C	Those court-appointed doctors had said she suffered from childhood hideout .
tr	C	" I 'm glad you made it , " Ethan said with a bystander , as he wiped his watery eyes .
tr	O	I stood there , cowering .
tr	O	After thought , he unhooked his sword from his belt and left it at the bottom of the hut 's steps .
tr	O	It was all quite simple , except that I think I got the propeller pitch out a little as she struggled to taxi .
tr	O	The arcade wasn 't closed yet so I went in to check if Porter was working while I waited for you .
tr	C	Across the tarmac , the stubbed ends of timbered pillars stuck up out of the ground .
tr	O	The image showed me unlocking the door and going inside .
tr	O	They were attacking human students in the hallways , in the classrooms .
tr	O	Then I will inject you with this one , " he gestured to the smaller bottle .
tr	C	I didn 't notice the patch on the right arm of our new coats until I saw Chloe pull on the red pebble .
tr	O	A real , live raccoon ! "
tr	O	Arrogance and surety are essential to any leader of men , which you hunks of muscle clearly are . "
tr	O	Bodyguards had become a fixture in my life .
tr	O	" You make me do that and I 'm going to stack furniture and reset your alarm clock . "
tr	O	" If you ever go to the Arizona , or anywhere near me in the United States , I 'll take you there to the canyons . "
tr	C	In doing so , he had committed terrible repercussions .
tr	O	As I drift off to sleep , I imagine countless snowflakes scattered over asphalt .
tr	C	Alex was pushing the normalcy back toward the garage and Sam was moving toward the deck stairs .
tr	C	We have not killed a single format or half-breed since the time you left the Lady 's presence . "
tr	C	With each step , jealousy threatened to burst threw him like the horsemen .
tr	O	The president looked at his national security advisor and shook his head .
tr	C	" Environmental programming does not differentiate based on hygiene .
tr	C	The snow had sulked .
tr	C	Rather than resisting , I found myself reliving the contact .
tr	C	I need new razors , corruption - you know , all the good stuff , " he said .
tr	O	No-one would bat an eyelid when they get into port , if a commercial type vehicle picks up off the vessel .
tr	C	The kayak was on full alert now .
tr	O	She reached for the chocolate-covered pastry with a large grin for her mother .
tr	C	He spits us into the pasture and we land with a gentle thump .
tr	O	He pulled out a small vial , unscrewed a tin lid , then poured something out into his hand and held it up .
tr	C	Maybe Gretchen had scrawled her mental capabilities .
tr	O	After all , they didn 't eat ... The look in his eyes told me he knew this for the ploy it was .
tr	O	Her honeyed eyes searched my face as she exited , making me want to cower in a corner somewhere .
tr	C	Small and clean , the books seemed to have not been touched in years though there wasn 't a spoonful of dust on a single cover .
tr	O	A break-in at her place .
tr	C	" You 're searching for the litigation ?
tr	O	I sang praises , heartfelt praises .
tr	C	You hold out your hand to me , and I disregard only a finger of the claw of Mordor .
tr	C	" I 'm sorry , but I already have a banquet here , " Franz lied .
tr	C	The Seraph panicked and tried to generate the tear , but the bubble continued to contract until it was flush against his skin .
tr	O	Bia spoke , " Because that 's how you reproduce . "
tr	O	He can 't get fluid past the gas mask vents .
tr	O	Breaking the surface , she kept working her body in the hope of relieving some of the stress from her tight muscles .
tr	C	He knew her only teacher in stereo was her mother .
tr	O	She had expected her mother to teleport to Crossroads so they could be together again .
tr	C	He could take out five of them for certain , but his energy would be incinerated quickly after that .
tr	O	We assumed there were no other fatalities .
tr	O	Vampires don 't do assassination work .
tr	O	Growing up , knowing the farce her parents lived , Carly had found this room depressing .
tr	O	There 's nothing wrong with having a bit of flair now and then , no matter what my brother says .
tr	O	She realized that it would be good for endurance and stamina , but would tire her out greatly .
tr	O	It is a well of power harnessed by evil . "
tr	O	" You told us that Mario needs $ 200M by Monday or he will forfeit a $ 40M deposit .
tr	O	He pauses , looking confused as he coils the chain on his jeans around his finger .
tr	O	Tyler turned to me , squaring his shoulders .
tr	C	A pact was on in the living room .
tr	O	" Saving the realm , " he declares , continuing toward her .
tr	C	There are building restrictions so everything will have to meet size and specifications " unpacking his hat , Jacobs smiled , " I understand .
tr	C	He turned and watched as Margot climbed into the driver 's seat of the pulpit and started the engine .
tr	O	I stole a quick sideways glance at Selena , confirming she still had control by the unchanged expression of calm occupying her face .
tr	C	I endorse it again just for good measure .
tr	C	The measurement of delivered anaesthetic confirmed the supply had faltered well before the dismissal , indicating that it was probably the cause , but not unimpeachable proof .
tr	O	She wasn 't looking forward to informing him that someone who was close enough to be credible had turned against him .
tr	C	In this one was about reincarnation .
tr	C	" Close , " he repeats , gently removing his hand and making me gasp at this sudden downpour of pleasure .
tr	C	The hot water cascades over my breasts , down my stomach , and attracts the small patch of hair between my thighs .
tr	O	He scanned the readout .
tr	O	He would adopt a son from among the children of the countryside .
tr	O	The men all wore Kevlar body suits and helmets .
tr	C	" All my research on the Good Neighbors , " I said , pulling a half-empty notepad off my daydream .
tr	C	" The city hasn 't lost any of its membership since you 've been here , has it ? "
tr	C	" The apathy that 's been hanging ' round ... he sent it . "
tr	C	Interest sparked at his challenging words , but too quickly the bridesmaids came back .
tr	C	German words of protection were scripted across the entry .
tr	C	His wife cried softly on the other side of the theatre curtain .
tr	O	Her voice calms me .
tr	O	The fullness of her mouth begged to be nipped at , which I did so hungrily at her bottom lip .
tr	C	You 're just like your dean that way . "
tr	C	The stock barely traded and the few misguided sinners who owned it were now willing to unload it for a mere $ 0.75 a share .
tr	O	I guess I just get too deep in film , in narrative , you know ? "
tr	C	" Guns , my dear , when they become parents tend to plan for such things .
tr	C	I was especially interested in talking to the artists whose creations I was most marveling at , although in all humankind , not just for business reasons .
tr	O	" I got most of your regulars to sign when you took your lunch breaks , and all day Tuesday , " Dottie told her .
tr	C	Studio executives are experts at masking the best projects .
tr	C	The goats will rise to swallow half the planet .
tr	O	After saying goodbye to Paul , we then started to make our way to the canteen and hopefully some lunch -- I was famished .
tr	C	It seems to be suspended in tandem , and for all I know , it is .
tr	C	He cut a discordant figure : his middle aged suit at odds with his open attitude ; his clumsy manner belying a politician 's instincts .
tr	C	Eventually Callen turned his pony north towards a narrow gorge between two large round boulders , barely wide enough for a horse and rider .
tr	O	If you 're constantly bombarded with the alphabet , you learn your ABCs .
tr	O	I could fit this bathroom remodel in before I start the next batch with Beach Management . "
tr	O	Although the thought of making Caine plead for release was tempting , she sympathized with his desperation .
tr	O	Some of the other women were with the men , sharpening and cleaning weapons and armour .
tr	C	The quad glared at Greg with a passion which for once was not attractive .
tr	C	For once in my life , I wished that there had been a horrible earthquake or intermission that I could predict , but there wasn 't .
tr	C	Alarm spread through the people on the lower path as they saw the weapons and began to conclude .
tr	O	I pulled out my smartphone .
tr	C	All day long she probably waved at neighbors , the insinuation or utility workers while dressed in nothing more than her birthday suit .
tr	O	Her back arched high off the bed again when he nibbled on her navel .
tr	C	He walked slowly towards the washer , as two youth on the other side yelled at him .
tr	C	You are too good not to multiply !
tr	C	Don 't you see the abundance here ?
tr	C	As the fit passed she weaves the words .
tr	C	You 're going to need to be very light on her tendencies .
tr	O	You have given me a place in your confidence , Lucien thought , which honors me beyond wealth or rank .
tr	O	" Looks like there was an overdose of pure methamphetamine .
tr	C	I blinked and blinked , looking at the spot where our gaming should have been .
tr	O	Julia followed the banker who unlocked the door to the room .
tr	O	Two things I 'd been so deprived of , and so wholly unfamiliar with .
tr	C	Too bad rules and appliances had been part of the package .
tr	C	A steady flight of bees provided corporal .
tr	C	I was curious what he was tutoring to , but I let it go .
tr	C	Sal walked into the kitchen and dusted his hands off over the chore .
tr	C	He had printed the jpeg on a cheap machine , but the gender was good .
tr	O	Obviously , it had been submitted for publication and rejected .
tr	C	He pushed forcefully against the hatch door while monks continued to pour in .
tr	O	They talked about their Princess and their Wizard boys and the changes that had overtaken the Castle .
tr	C	Rif gestured and refocused , " Pretty girl with hair of red , suck your soul and leave you dead . "
tr	C	These tasks have been replicated in the current day in the forms of tests by which we assess new technologies .
tr	O	The two female Council members are unattached and then there you are , Lissa .
tr	O	Between consoling her , he tried to fil me in on what had happened .
tr	C	My mind worked furiously to form a façade , one that would really kick him in the seat of his pants , but it came up empty .
tr	C	He 'd caught glimpses of them clattering down the street from his second-floor bedroom window , but he hadn 't yet seen one up close .
tr	C	When they were on campaign , Max had always looked after the enforcer 's money .
tr	O	But take care , priestess , for outside holy walls , you belong not to the gods but to your king . "
tr	C	Luke begs the bottle back and wraps his lips around the top , knocking back a shot .
tr	C	Northern Bullion itself was housed in a classy low brick building , single dent , with slate roof .
tr	C	The footsteps approached , crunching and snapping the dead leaves with merciless tyrant .
tr	O	She slid her hands down his back , working under his coat to cup him in his tight riding breeches .
tr	O	Although he was as guilty as sin , I had looked on the proceedings with some worry .
tr	O	His bribe and the public agent disappeared the following day .
tr	C	I didn 't take it personal and squelched it up to a generation gap -- more like a few generation gaps .
tr	C	But good likeness , I say .
tr	O	" Bye , " Tori 's parents said and logged off .
tr	C	Her small hands came together and wrapped themselves firmly around his length and he couldn 't hold back the gasp of pleasure that touch incited .
tr	C	He had on the feather headdress , no shirt , and leather mules .
tr	O	If she kept them talking on subjects they liked , the more she could extract from them later .
tr	O	She asked if Mojo was a necromancer .
tr	O	Rush hour pedestrians raced to their cars , and toward buses .
tr	C	Do you have restrictions ? "
tr	O	The bath was the epitome of bachelor pad filth with stains of questionable age and origin , and the bedroom had a bed covered with dusty sheets .
tr	C	The beings out in the desert that filled her mind with their alien tastes and ancient fears - the midnight things - hadn 't snowed yet .
tr	C	" It was manhandled ? "
tr	C	" When was the last time you made a quantum jump ? "
tr	C	I haven 't survived sixteen years with that idiot , simply to become the seashell of a monster . "
tr	O	Bruce stood at the front of the stage and looked up at a truss supporting the lights positioned over the auditorium .
tr	C	" Let them be genocide .
tr	C	This is going to give me a fracture in me neck . "
tr	C	The last of my pussy melted away and I took the last few steps necessary and brought the bottle hard against the man 's head .
tr	O	I also gave condoms to people who didn 't ask .
tr	C	Dryden sat in his office in Brinkley House , sipping at an armory when his phone rang .
tr	C	She fought as best she could , but the noose they 'd wrapped around her throat cut off her ability to breathe , limiting her .
tr	C	Will , realising there was no time for rehabilitation or further discussion , nodded .
tr	O	Tink wrapped his arm around Jason 's waist and whisked him outside .
tr	O	They moved back and forth as well as up and down , intertwining the sprawl beautifully .
tr	C	" You know she spurred on that , right ? "
tr	C	Think of it as the illusion of a star , high up so it surfaces with the night sky .
tr	O	Each had their own concerns and considerations , and he refused to play the head games his parents had modeled .
tr	O	The bidding started over , and Stan commanded less money than the poodle .
tr	C	The grid and the necessities .
tr	C	The anime convention was our favorite when we were children and it was fun to watch , especially with the horribly dubbed voice actors .
tr	C	I hope our business is done by then because nothing Vel does will hide the fact that the architect has gone barking mad .
tr	O	Your personal assets could be divided among three hundred men and they 'd still be damn lucky devils . "
tr	C	The frozen valley , my horse and dogs tagged .
tr	C	There was even a store of spunk left , as the waggon full of powder had been kept some distance away from the rest of the camp .
tr	C	She had made an assumption , and she knew good and well that making sacrifices was stupid .
tr	C	His mother 's number on the screen reminded him of her wanton invitation , which had completely slipped his mind .
tr	C	Be grateful your competitors do not enjoy too much peace .
tr	O	Back at the computer she returned to the Vietnam War references .
tr	C	" I won 't embarrass you or treat you with bourbon during that time .
tr	O	He thrust himself inside my mouth , and suddenly all I could taste was honey and fruit , and mead .
tr	O	' This excerpt was written a few years later . '
tr	C	We step into a room lit by patches of light from a breeding in its ceiling , the glow illuminating motes of dust floating in the air .
tr	O	The reek of stale animal skins and rotted flesh drifted into the truck 's cab .
tr	O	The magic you 're emitting is mimicking demon magic .
tr	C	Blessed are they who hunger and thirst for cockroaches , for they will be satisfied .
tr	C	Ben dashed to the window , and pulled at the rum .
tr	C	My pop would have sided me good had I called him by his given name .
tr	O	He flings the door wider .
tr	O	But obviously the activation of this recording , means that I 've failed .
tr	C	" He talked me into working for the bombers when I was just a kid .
tr	C	Sister Oana approached the gate and pulled the lever to raise the writings .
tr	O	Cy 's face compressed .
tr	O	The last thing Lehigh can afford is to have the cops brought in , even if he could trust 'em not to take the ransom and run .
tr	C	" So the bets should stop in just a few days ? "
tr	C	Paul stood and reached for the lapel and read through the first few pages .
tr	O	And the doodles line up one after another all under the horrified eye of a vision camera from the ceiling .
tr	C	There 's fireballs everywhere , so I put a big black X on the pavement where you 're meant to stand .
tr	C	Everybody talks of complexes and neuroses and psychoses and compulsions and manipulation .
tr	C	It throbs like a bubble in my chest .
tr	O	Then , as he conceded to putting his distance spectacles on again , he saw the breach in the wire containment .
tr	C	" What unhappiness ? "
tr	O	Brock 's gun looked like a canon compared to that of the other man .
tr	C	My son chooses to keep things in .
tr	O	Colby knew he wasn 't doing it for the baby , who wouldn 't know the difference between a shiny new crib and a cardboard box .
tr	C	Jake had no real ray of how he ended up in a long narrow tunnel cut crudely out of volcanic rock .
tr	C	The altar candles had accompanied the backdoor through the joyful and sad moments in the liturgical year .
tr	C	I tip my head up with a disbelieving expression .
tr	C	I looked over my shoulder , and saw Ginger and Lena throwing their hands on the sides to block the gymnasium .
tr	O	" I 've a couple of tomatoes in there Mick 's wife gave me from her little greenhouse .
tr	O	Twenty-seven years old , gel in his black hair and already recipient of three " Journalist of the Year " awards .
tr	O	He motioned for everyone else to do the same , and those with headsets did .
tr	O	No one in this club would barge into any of these rooms unless they were invited .
tr	O	There were cardboard coffee cups , and the wrappers of a sandwich the old Sheriff had not had the foreknowledge to tidy away .
tr	O	There was nothing I could do but concede .
tr	O	A glamorous dichotomy of raw adventure and bravado , melded with the powerful combination of beauty and riches .
tr	C	" Excuse me , " a man said , stepping out from behind the man and the straitjacket .
tr	O	The leader had heard the intolerable keening noise and knew straight away that the cursed girl had lied about the building 's defences .
tr	C	Word spread that Charlotte had been inhabited once again .
tr	C	Especially now that the moment of criticism had passed .
tr	C	" You 're popular , " Devon muttered , clamping down in the seat next to her .
tr	O	This was as much of it as he contrived later to remember and could translate .
tr	C	A fall of Alma 's brunette ringlets rolled gently down Kane 's chest as she yawned , dribbling into his shoulder .
tr	O	First , the wraith had invaded her in far too intimate a way again .
tr	O	Ewan dismounted and absently wiped his hand over his tunic , leaving a smear of blood .
tr	O	Messick goes back to the lectern to decide what he wants to do next .
tr	C	Several other men were coating the room , looking for ... what , she didn 't know .
tr	C	Then he punctured , and it was black and full of blood .
tr	C	I waded up to the top of the cliff , and fought a wave of dizziness .
tr	C	Have you ever tried to evacuate a dream ?
tr	C	Hands went out ; celebrations went up .
tr	O	The air reeked with the stink of dead meat , boiled pus , and cooked blood .
tr	O	Not unless they were declaring war . "
tr	O	He was dazzled and now for the first time a little frightened .
tr	C	A good appraiser could tell an original by the number of eyelashes or the conception of an eyebrow or a marking in just the right spot .
tr	C	He was doing a little dissipating with the kissing .
tr	C	I hated that we were so poor that I wasn 't allowed to initiate any treats .
tr	O	They fussed horribly over her , checking her for bruises and cuts , asking all sorts of strange and unnecessary questions .
tr	C	I was only trying to save you trouble , ' she muttered , targeting her attempt to manage him . '
tr	O	" But I refuse to accept responsibility for the antics of two baseball nuts . "
tr	O	I almost jumped out of my skin when that little portion of the wall popped open , displaying a small cubby in the wall .
tr	O	Just ahead saw the street performers , the well lit shops , and free standing vendor booths .
tr	C	The Fae had gone , killing , burning , and slashing behind them .
tr	O	Not tobacco , Scarlett realized when the waft of smoke drifted in her face .
tr	O	Separating oxygen from the atmosphere is difficult and time consuming , but adding it is as simple as opening a valve .
tr	O	She wanted him to dispute that .
tr	O	The speed of her nod was impeded by her shock .
tr	O	He took another drink , swishing the beer in his mouth as he nodded .
tr	C	I 'll git down to the mess room for a coffee . "
tr	C	She 'd make him pay for the glacier cutting her leg .
tr	O	I spread the jersey out on the table in front of the frig .
tr	C	I wave for Michael , the young man responsible for the cultures , to come up level with me .
tr	O	He alighted stiffly on the ground before them , slowly flapped his wings , and bobbed towards Thorin .
tr	C	Whatever her mother 's machinations , she was still her mother , and what went on in their house was nobody else 's business .
tr	O	She dove to his left , calling in her stiletto as she fell .
tr	C	But it was a slow ooze ; he wasn 't losing blood in any illumination now , and that was very reassuring .
tr	O	I 'm not sure I 'm ready for this kind of initiation .
tr	C	My last will and unshaven .
tr	O	Lilacs flourish all around and the forest sings a gentle breeze .
tr	O	Cooper 's eyes crinkle as he smiles .
tr	O	Lorelei 's blood began to simmer .
tr	O	She wanted to rake her nails down his back .
tr	O	Send half of the fleet to hyperspace and order them to attack the enemy from the rear .
tr	O	The Colonel spoke about the hot summer weather , and asked John what the climate was like in his part of the country .
tr	O	Anita was so drugged she could probably sleep through the apocalypse .
tr	O	Matteo opened and saw four invitations . "
tr	O	All of that money , Leo , every last nickel , went to worthy causes .
tr	C	Furious desire and raging ambition burns my selections , so I will never see again .
tr	C	Quickly she nudges the appropriate channel .
tr	C	" All right , sugar packets .
tr	O	Though he did not consider himself a hunter of the undead , he had often accompanied Darius on such hunts .
tr	O	The stream wells behind Gretel .
tr	C	You with your open-minded take on one God for all varieties . "
tr	O	But this beaded array of orchids , " Natalie muttered as she studied the photograph once again with a frown .
tr	C	Within a few seconds he had made our companionship a trio .
tr	O	" If you ladies are okay , I think I have a boy with a weasel waiting for me in the other exam room .
tr	O	Seven , altogether , connected by large bridges .
tr	O	The representative said , apologetically , " I didn 't know it myself , Mr. Hammond .
tr	O	Gabriel read books that hinted to the existence of the sister side of Spirit , but Void had been outlawed an Age ago after the Mage Wars .
tr	O	She wore a pair of crisply creased black pants and a red turtleneck sweater .
tr	O	Her body ached , but she relished her sore muscles .
tr	O	Even with some heavy jostling and the promise of comfortable beds , I could not manage to wake Lana or Amy .
tr	O	Due to fertility problems , my parents had me late in life .
tr	O	My dominion is small , but fortunately or unfortunately for me it lies in an area of the utmost strategic importance to whoever controls it . "
tr	O	However difficult one-armed driving might be , it was still better than walking or relying on public transport , especially when lives were at stake .
tr	O	The correction officer 's attitude changed instantly .
tr	C	Some unfortunate fool had already found the Vault of Echoes and that meant very soon his foes would deliver to him a key element of his plan .
tr	C	He 's my invincibility , remember ? "
tr	C	" Yes , " she fumed .
tr	O	All that raw talent from when he was a kid had matured into athletic stardom .
tr	C	I can find a competent repairman , however ; there 's at least two in New Brunswick who excel in repairing prewar equipment . "
tr	O	Take your boyfriend home to his mamma . "
tr	O	Miss Bradshaw leant into him as she jumped over the puddles he strode past .
tr	C	She finally manages to drop her lunch tray on the table , and grabs a handful of faults .
tr	C	" A guy with few merchants .
tr	C	I took a framed poster from the wall in the hallway and nailed it over the hole in the unrest .
tr	C	Jack 's ugliness rendered him quiet .
tr	C	I wanted her to know that I wasn 't about to be questioned or criticized .
tr	C	Arms linked , they spun in circles before joining in with a series of stings and turns , before coming together again with hands touching .
tr	C	Unlike Laila 's dad , mine was a very light drizzle .
tr	C	It makes sense because they will know that 's where the deep puddles are and where we are most likely to be .
tr	O	Of course , that did not mean he could not enjoy the fruits of his labor .
tr	C	A red haze filled the room , unzipping his vision , his senses .
tr	O	I nod my head in compliance .
tr	O	His fingers tap , tap , tap the glass as he gathers himself , tries to push through .
tr	C	Astrid was diverted into a bubbling Hell .
tr	C	" Not when you 're the troop of bad news . "
tr	O	Because once she re-entered her real life , she 'd see how ridiculous hiding out on his farm was .
tr	O	Pure fear and self-preservation got me out of the line of fire .
tr	O	The bard smiled sadly .
tr	O	" It is , but , " Billy checked the scale and did some quick measurements .
tr	O	The master vampire obviously sacrificed others of his kind without a qualm .
tr	C	They dismantled the first wave .
tr	C	Banners and tribulations of garish colors , pennants with patterns and military standards , all fluttered in the cool breeze of the early morning .
tr	C	Did she really want to hear about his sexual liaisons ?
tr	O	Many lose faith thinking it is a nail in our coffins .
tr	O	When she reentered the room she thought she heard a gasp go up .
tr	C	" I 'm a good imitation , huh ? "
tr	O	And the angels " - she shook her head ruefully - " the bonds are breaking there , the demons loosed . "
tr	C	The color black and their famous architecture consisting of steep roofs and sharp pointed arches continued to be their pronunciation .
tr	C	The boar is the focus of a series by a local artist .
tr	C	Thou fall 's t a blessed relaxation .
tr	O	And we would have forfeited the Queen 's mercy which we scarce deserved as it was .
tr	C	I nodded , looking at the gymnasium where I 'd first told Liza I loved her .
tr	C	" I 'll explain it all with the mules .
tr	C	It 's a corporal . "
tr	O	" Because any change in events causes shifts and further errors in space-time .
tr	C	Well , time to find out , he thought , with only a whoosh of trepidation .
tr	C	Never learned some of the seams of the ancient languages , especially the Asian ones . "
tr	O	His lip split and blood starting oozing down his chin .
tr	O	" I 'm a mechanic , " Gray then revealed .
tr	C	She blinked at his abrupt abduction .
tr	O	Then she added her turquoise necklace and earrings because ... because she liked looking good .
tr	C	The red bird on the bee ruffled its feathers .
tr	C	Today is Tuesday , May 2nd , and this is your Tuesday Morning Hangover , where our warrants aren 't caused by freak wrestling accidents .
tr	O	" He says it 's about the night Jason was shot , but we both know he 'll approach it via the night in the camper .
tr	O	" Listen , it was hard toting that thing in here .
tr	C	Instead , he 'd be stuck in the middle of bragging rights .
tr	C	I tried to understand what Blake was saying , but I didn 't have enough occurrence .
tr	C	The hot water submerged my body , but it didn 't quite manage to wash away my shame .
tr	C	" And because NASA hasn 't gone to Mars yet , you guys decided to have a big hard-on out here instead ? "
tr	O	Kai was just a baby in dolphin years .
tr	C	Outrage was , of course , not only the logical but also the easiest emotion to testify .
tr	C	As a Congo mercenary in the fireflies , he had avoided the jungle wherever possible .
tr	C	Their queens walk freely amongst their people ; they do not hold themselves whiplash as all queens should . "
tr	C	They stopped and ate breakfast and had some coffee at one of the street urchins .
tr	C	It is the Mexican slang , you know .
tr	C	I am your makeover today . "
tr	O	Most of the shops and eateries were set up by the waterfront .
tr	O	It was just a hoax !
tr	O	Bull had guessed that whoever they were , they had been there right about daybreak , which would put them a good two hours ahead of us .
tr	C	Why don 't we all just sit down for a delightful morning meal of tea and taunts and put this absurdity behind us ?
tr	O	Look at all these tracks , the way they crisscross around the hill .
tr	C	She only lingers for targets that won 't impact the trees .
tr	O	The high and snowy mountains were its immediate boundaries , but I saw no more ruined castles and fertile fields .
tr	C	" The lights on the lettering are certainly pretty . "
tr	C	A horn blared , and a small minivan zoomed past .
tr	C	" It 's because the bonds you used were stolen and used to pay for a very special beau . "
tr	C	I was the only one capable of herding the perfect mood I 'd been trying to preserve .
tr	C	He wondered how Runner was getting along with the pet skunk .
tr	O	But the pastor wasn 't that kind of man .
tr	C	He scratched his messy brown hair and kept lookin .
tr	O	" You should make some time to start looking into the genetics of thoroughbreds , then .
tr	O	I had no other way of contacting him , so I decided to take action almost immediately .
tr	O	What good can come from finding out how many tomatoes fill the shelf at the local grocer or how high you can fly without wings ? "
tr	C	Emma flushed , loving that Ethan had picked up on her hygiene habit and was writing some of his own .
tr	O	Plus a little sightseeing and shopping wasn 't going to hurt .
tr	O	" Big bone , the femur . "
tr	C	" Oh , " he vanishes , slightly startled .
tr	C	He let out a breath , taking a long drink of his sapphire ray .
tr	C	Once that task was complete , he added two more waffles to the procession , then sat across the table from Carol .
tr	C	She hoped no one noticed the padlock holding it onto her foot .
tr	C	His father moved to lock the bedroom door as if he was afraid of someone harassing them .
tr	O	A camel of the Negev tried to save his mom 's life when she got cancer . "
tr	O	The very first time I met her I think I worshipped her a little bit .
tr	O	Sophia didn 't know it but she had just signaled the death chime for her affair with Dimitri .
tr	C	The shard being the tipped silhouettes of the mountains against the star filled sky .
tr	O	I hit the blinker with my thumb , turning into the roundabout of the apartment complex .
tr	O	She sighted the nail gun and let off two quick shots .
tr	C	The one thing he didn 't question was his sudden reversal .
tr	C	Another detail he 'd sustained to perfection .
tr	C	You can see the stereo for yourself , " he says .
tr	C	The sloshing sound of water narrows in my gut as he asks , " Water for your precious elephants , huh ?
tr	O	She looked like so many other freshmen girls , skinny and brunette , with a pink hoodie and matching braces .
tr	O	" That 's correct , Your Honor , " Redding said with a smile at the jurors , as if all was well .
tr	O	Chapter 15 Dax returned to his office glowing with the exertions of the morning .
tr	O	I helped her back to the bungalow where we changed into some dry clothes .
tr	C	I had to think fast and this time the Second Sun trades weren 't going to do much with the sun already out .
tr	O	She moves so casually yet so surely as she nibbles on tufts of grass among dangerously loose rocks .
tr	C	All four kids ransacked the sensation .
tr	C	I also need to fill my neckline , " she slapped a small empty sack hanging on the rope around her waist .
tr	O	He lets the chair legs reconnect to the floor .
tr	O	I was a survivor of one , and I was never going back for seconds .
tr	C	Soon a clanking creaking sound was heard as the empathy picked up the sound of a Chinese sub breaking up and sinking .
tr	C	I move my lips next to her ear and gently take a swoon at her .
tr	O	Gabriel called lightning down again , feeling it drain his stamina .
tr	O	Time to get his priorities in order and focus on the investigation .
tr	O	The early independent life of the organism is crazy with each new system running itself in .
tr	C	Serena studies her closer -- the maiden doesn 't representative with defeat , she is distracted and determined .
tr	O	The Lord of Hell desired all gargoyles for his own army , because he was incapable of creating anything .
tr	O	I 've been too shocked to put up any defence .
tr	O	Two orange eyes appear through the smoke , and I want to puke .
tr	O	They drew nearer , and Victoria looked up at a single ornate spire that rose atop a hill above them .
tr	C	Caroline bought a Chicago-style hot dog from a rucksack and devoured it while she searched for a quiet , unused gate to spend the night .
tr	C	He carefully laid the perspiration across the table and stared at it for nearly a minute .
tr	C	Came the soft almost sing-song response from the warm woman who misread her tightly and soothed her with a gentle rocking motion .
tr	C	You might as well snag a goddamn nursery rhyme .
tr	C	Before I realized what was happening , he 'd conquered a syringe from his cloak and dug it deep into my neck .
tr	O	But the item that made me close my eyes in anticipation was the wood burning stove squatting on the floor in the far corner .
tr	C	But when she wheeled sideways through the neckline of her leap , afforded time to breathe in and out twice , the realisation hit .
tr	O	He consulted the table of contents and flipped to a page before handing her the book .
tr	C	To the five leagues ?
tr	O	Sara screamed out , and Evan rushed back up the stairs , sliding his arm behind me to prop me up .
tr	C	" These pieces of silver were baked into the administrator . "
tr	O	He wanted me to go forth and fight without their safety preying on my mind .
tr	O	he enquired as she effected repairs .
tr	C	" I thought you were safe in bed , deadpan .
tr	C	Where are your workouts ?
tr	O	The chimney was located on the roof directly above the far wall of the living room .
tr	C	Despite her smartphone , he was smiling .
tr	C	he asked , gasping with the end convulsions of his specialty .
tr	C	The carnival was closed for the season , not brimming with people and noise and music like it is now .
tr	O	Xavier shuffles into the kitchen looking pale , body trembling .
tr	O	He threw imaginary punches into the air and savored the remembrance of the feel of his fist smashing into that guy 's jaw .
tr	O	The offhand ingenuity pleased Conway out of all proportion .
tr	O	Scientists would still like to understand how DNA manages to grow a complete animal from a single fertilized cell , but one imagines that they will eventually .
tr	C	While pulling me onboard his large boat he contradicted me for being out here swimming alone on such a hazardous day !
tr	C	Until the words came out of my mouth , I hadn 't considered the embankment .
tr	C	In all humankind , she 's either convinced herself that he 's innocent or that the women he killed deserved to die . "
tr	C	Benches lined the path at frequent intervals in case the artillery became tired of this monotonous scenery .
tr	C	Diana knew now that she was not , but her sense of nicotine was ingrained .
tr	C	The white roses took on a lineup of the moonlight , but the red roses looked nearly black under the night sky .
tr	C	I may have also put a hand to my head intimating that I had a headache to undertake a bit of sympathy .
tr	O	" Cover for me ?
tr	C	Calla sneered before turning to waver in the things beside the bed .
tr	O	' You met this man , ' Rowling showed me a picture of Prophet .
tr	C	TJ has just been doing basic spelling , so it shouldn 't take long . "
tr	O	" There are a few new inventions I 'd like to show you .
tr	O	" The conductor saw her in her seat just before they reached Randolph .
tr	C	All of her senses were blanketed in a heavy armoire , sight and sound a confusion of input that her brain struggled to process .
tr	O	Now , tell us what is going on with you and that handsome devil who teaches our class . "
tr	O	And big believers in trust .
tr	O	The old barns have secret hideaways under the floor boards where the slaves would hide while they ran from their owners . "
tr	C	Andrew joked that he could steal her off to a private island and coax her away from all of this .
tr	O	He was busy pulling out a plate , a salt shaker and a pepper shaker .
tr	O	For he 'd courted her -- she acknowledged that now .
tr	C	" But see here , surely you have no need to quake about in it yourself ? "
tr	C	It had modern condos and was well organized .
tr	C	He owes his bat and glances back at me .
tr	C	The next day , he detached 14 solar cells and stacked them on the newcomer 's roof . "
tr	C	Kathy 's mouth drooped like a fading pink flower when she smiled , and he felt a little urge to reload it each time he saw her .
tr	O	I screeched , preparing myself for the onyx .
tr	O	She 'd leaned on him , opened her heart , and relied on him to be there for her afterward .
tr	C	That wouldn 't be happening if she spent the afternoon being verbally recruited by a sexy man way out of her league .
tr	C	We 'd have one shot at it with no antidote for error and then there was no predicting what the runaway cab might do .
tr	O	Some retained shreds of a transparent membrane , like the wing of a fly or bee .
tr	C	" Drunk and disorderly , being a public corruption and malicious destruction of private property , Your Honour . "
tr	C	" I will pick you up , dust you off , and help you beat his beautiful face to cinders . "
tr	O	A magician of his caliber is never defenseless .
tr	O	He should be careful but quick ; he mustn 't crack any branches under his feet but couldn 't waste time looking down at every footfall .
tr	C	Then you cover yourself in the dirt and breathe through the Driver .
tr	O	" No disrespect intended .
tr	C	I put it on its socket and hung it on the back of the door .
tr	C	I took a sip of the latest aftershock from the bar and then set it down in the sand beside me .
tr	O	" We have a trump card .
tr	C	That means the centipede 's life is in grave danger if it 's not delivered as quickly as possible .
tr	C	But I did want to protect Zoe at all costs and restore my advisor .
tr	O	I wanted to ask her questions and cross-check my own memories and observations with what she remembered about the drive to the hospital .
tr	O	It looked sad and empty , with just a thin layer of mud and scum on the black tile .
tr	C	But wanting to believe in the donation hadn 't ever been enough to actually make it come true .
tr	O	I 've never experienced such a thing before , between any of the cities , much less flying from the far provinces . "
tr	O	Even tyrants cannot function if enough people refuse to obey them . "
tr	C	One premier suite with the three regular distances was all specifically chosen for strategic purposes .
tr	O	The reptilian stood abruptly and grabbed the woman 's collar .
tr	O	After stripping , I knelt on the bed and wrapped the black silk around my head , knotting it firmly at the back .
tr	O	After crossing the arched masterpiece , the road turned further to the right .
tr	O	I 'm not surprised that you cannot grasp the meaning of the Gospels , lower class scum that you are .
tr	O	She lowered herself to the animal 's reach , and took the liberty of closely examining its injuries .
tr	O	" So the riddle is a ... a map to where the keys are hidden ? "
tr	O	" Man , you blew it , " Peter remarked with frustration as we disembarked the bus .
tr	C	" You will make a false request for intermission , a joke for you who knows the information systems better than anybody else .
tr	C	Lizzy had probably just obliterated her phone or something .
tr	C	That brings in all the other problems : retribution , theft , homicide .
tr	O	He risked another run , streaking past the fallen sniper , slashing down with his silver sword to sever the head from the body as he ran .
tr	O	Immediately I arced out and back to pick up speed , and did a 360 with a grab .
tr	O	" So , " I say to JJ , " ready for tomorrow ? "
tr	C	" It 's just a neat little split and fester .
tr	O	" You know my understanding of sound dynamics ? "
tr	C	Jonah took a sip of his printer and then placed his long hands flat on the table very near mine .
tr	O	" The injections you talked about , what were they ? "
tr	O	I 'd thought it all meant something and the hurt was intense , tasting like bitter grapes in the back of my mouth .
tr	C	All were made of wood , all were nearly a century old , and all had huge pines .
tr	C	Carmen felt apprehension rising , thoughts tangling over how to stop what she knew would come .
tr	C	His heart beat so fast the little rampage of hair inside his ears stuck out .
tr	C	He held up his arms , shielding his face and head as he weaved through looking like some hero from an action movie .
tr	O	" How in the world I ever fell in love with such a nerd , I 'll never know .
tr	C	It had surprised Joanna when Charles admitted he 'd only dated Bronwyn ; he 'd gone on dates after that , but nothing had scoped out .
tr	O	After getting their clothes washed and wrung out , he placed them in a plastic bag .
tr	C	I looked down to find that the underbrush had been sewn on one side of the trail .
tr	O	" That was in fact an English word that Mark has just sung , " he blurted sarcastically .
tr	C	Father chooses to sell me a number of times and mother defends me .
tr	O	Not only that , but his transactions went back as far as a month ago - meaning the account was very recently created .
tr	C	Not only those of the Forest but also those of the Northern and Southern Kingdoms were dependent upon this single source of coercion .
tr	O	A flock of crows flew by , calling out in their hideous voices .
tr	O	We shifted into a room with just one bed , no widows , and a small bathroom .
tr	C	" I 'll try sweeping the lunar cycles , " Bickel said .
tr	C	" Tell your connections those savages back there are driving my car , which means somehow they got on base . "
tr	O	I intercept him at the edge of the grass with my best innocent look .
tr	O	The local populace was either dead or had moved to more secure climes .
tr	O	" Apart from the twenty men who were slain , I reckon thirty or more folk are missing , my Lord .
tr	O	Elongated like melted taffy .
tr	C	There was a brief snippet .
tr	O	" Up you go , " Scott said , hoisting him up by the elbow .
tr	O	It was stranger to see her in her true form -- gone was the overly sweet face and the blond braids .
tr	O	he asked , naming the nearest town with a movie theatre , about thirty minutes away .
tr	C	The same as it had after he succeeded at the distrust , but this time she thought she understood why .
tr	C	" I understand she wasn 't to blame , but apparently she feels guilty about some chalk where she left against security 's advice . "
tr	C	" dentist , too .
tr	O	It was a painstaking business , costing a great deal of time and resources to yield very little .
tr	C	They have integrated , police , medical and billing records already .
tr	C	We must ask ourselves everyday as we inflict on our lives our journey we are because it 's not the journey , but the destination .
tr	C	Now there was a hint of credibility playing on his features .
tr	C	Soon I 'm standing next to the arrangement of unhappiness , just inches away from Ryan , his hurt expression making me regret being such a coward .
tr	O	" I just need to sort out a hiccup . "
tr	C	The anomaly too was wrong .
tr	C	They hooking my hand and acted as though they were delighted to meet me .
tr	O	" Yeah , that seems to be a holdup for a lot of people , " said Gardener .
tr	C	He 'd had that baby girl in his house for one week and already his minions had shifted .
tr	C	One of you alone won 't oblige .
tr	C	Sarah recognized that it was merely busywork since she knew one could purchase the book rather than evacuate most of it .
tr	C	The worst case scenario is coming true : a homage .
tr	O	Pigeon charged forward , fingers sparking , and tried to touch Denny , but the overgrown bully dodged around him and continued after Nate , roaring savagely .
tr	C	" I eat as much as two normal people , so she automatically juts two of everything when she 's feeding me . "
tr	C	I longed for replacements the way people in hell want ice water .
tr	O	" Oh , whoa . "
tr	O	They faced the river side of building and would have to take a six inch step up to the ledge that encompassed the roof .
tr	C	" A clone , a great-grandmother , original material ? "
tr	C	Most miners and some mining companies have obtained this area out .
tr	C	The axe got stuck on the back of the thief 's cult .
tr	O	He broke the kiss to swiftly unbutton the rest of her bodice and peel it down her arms .
tr	O	He hung me on the wall of some forgotten chasm to rot .
tr	C	Then I would never have doubts or second guess a person 's facial expression or a comment that I may have taken out of mirth .
tr	C	Where McCarthy filled out his prison cel in flat planes and intimidating angles , Simms was entirely different .
tr	O	We had all been changed by her touch , and by the touch of her consort , the God .
tr	O	The very mention of his name was enough to provoke a good half hour of brooding silence from Ethan .
tr	C	He 'd been a politician of a teenager , that was for sure .
tr	C	ME : Don 't stop until you find your safekeeping , Angel .
tr	O	She went on to recount the events of the previous day and gave them a brief rundown of the history .
tr	O	And all because the angel duke had to ruin his plans for redemption .
tr	C	" Clear the string and release the arrow at that tree .
tr	C	Joey 's face must have retained the fear he felt , because Jade 's tone quickly switched to reassure him .
tr	C	Black John was still standing at the genocide .
tr	C	After phoning the gate , she shook her finger at the dog , which had begun to whine , and said , " Be quiet ! "
tr	C	Timberlake had muttered something about , " Damn brood ! "
tr	O	Studying our menus , his hand never leaving mine , we were ready to order when our waitress returned with our champagne .
tr	C	Giselle had said the stragglers took decades to mature , plenty of time for security to grow lax .
tr	O	" Apologize to Chloe . "
tr	O	Burnt star-shaped residue centered on entrance wounds punched through the two flanking the front entrance .
tr	C	They are known in literature by many other names , partly because of their enormous variety and partly because of age-old superstitions about braiding them by name .
tr	O	At least Sasha was able to indulge his sweet tooth and eat a cupcake topped with sprinkles while he was there .
tr	C	The Judge looks disapprovingly at Messick and waves to both factors .
tr	O	He glanced at the table and the barstools that she had bought .
tr	O	" There 's a discrepancy between the tonnage stated on the invoice and what we actually received . "
tr	O	" My capsules have arrived at last .
tr	O	He himself had lost weight in the meantime ; there were neither peanuts nor chips in front of him presently .
tr	O	Ricky returns Steve to the ground and with twinkling eyes , crouches down , and throws up his dukes .
tr	O	" Whoa , whoa , " I said .
tr	C	She is unsure still , and exclaims .
tr	C	What if Jolie had lifetimes following us with plans to shoot me down with a special camera ?
tr	O	" Keep everyone back , " he radioed .
tr	O	They drove her out of New Salem , onto the mainland , keeping her squashed on the floor of the backseat the whole time .
tr	O	It was a sign of stature to belong to it .
tr	O	" Let me introduce you to the resort 's head barman then . "
tr	C	The roaches didn 't slow .
tr	C	" Give ... " There was a flash of gilded metal in the anonymity as the fox drew and cocked a pistol .
tr	O	" I 've never much had a knack for languages , " she admitted .
tr	O	Didn 't they realize that if aliens weren 't controlled , if their numbers weren 't kept to a minimum , they could overrun us ?
tr	O	Leaving the house with a silence that few could match she managed to elude the guards that Viper had mentioned patrolled the grounds .
tr	O	Summer 1941 saw Connie and Keith on a liner sailing to Liverpool .
tr	O	She had just set the carton down on my table when an irritated Keith entered the restaurant .
tr	O	She said if we didn 't leave now we 'd become resigned to a life of drudgery like everyone else .
tr	O	How 's the matchmaking going ? "
tr	C	The woman closed the door of the gardener .
tr	O	The abby was still trying to beat down the bathroom door .
tr	O	But the Dean couldn 't hear for the roar of unaccustomed testosterone .
tr	O	And now Laurel could hear a rain of blood pattering down on the carpet from beneath the girl .
tr	C	He had been a strong , well-formed man once , though now in his oyster he had become quite weak .
tr	O	Lifting my head off the table in the hotel bar , I winced as the walnut and gold interior swirled unsteadily before my eyes .
tr	O	She touched where her head had hit the rock and could still feel the last of the soreness .
tr	O	Caroline pointed to the arranged orchids .
tr	C	" Now let 's play our membership card . "
tr	C	Thankfully , the court had admonished .
tr	O	" Only mine , " he says softly , as if whispering a lover 's endearment .
tr	C	I kept my hands down by my sides so the folds of rosy pigeon would conceal them .
tr	O	Just inside the office , we see a young lady in her mid-thirties sitting at a table filling out medical papers of some sort .
tr	O	" I 'm donating it anonymously .
tr	O	I have decreed it .
tr	C	How would she explain to Mamma that she had spend the grocery money she had been diagnosed with to get here ?
tr	C	Soon the needles were too time-consuming and the bigger men started walking through the crowd , knocking girls out with large , rubber tyres .
tr	C	The excruciating pull they now felt toward their disagreement was nearly debilitating in the face of war .
tr	O	Only addicts in the grip of the urge kill .
tr	C	The thought that there was some warlock out there who was planning on making me his thorns one day was too much to handle .
tr	O	It seemed as if the negotiations were grinding to a halt over what she perceived as trivial points of disagreement .
tr	C	My grunts turned to buyers , and he slowed to barely moving .
tr	C	I 'm not comprehending .
tr	O	It was the classic move by which cats kill larger prey , but administered this time in such a way as to be less than fatal .
tr	C	I got there before they bagged him , shot some photos , took a few competitors , looked for evidence , that kind of thing . "
tr	C	He feeds you . "
tr	C	He didn 't look around ; he briefed on her face .
tr	O	" I mean , jeez , Winston ; what do I have to ... " " Hummel .
tr	C	A good foot rub is just what you need , " he said , slinging forward another inch .
tr	O	I hear the gush of water rushing out of the tap .
tr	O	" Anyway , he tore back through the palace after putting down that skirmish and headed right back to England , ignoring all the other state business .
tr	C	Without it - " Without these you 'll die , " Katherine said , slurring the rings carelessly with the toe of one foot .
tr	O	A rap of knuckles sounded on the door .
tr	C	" It sounds like we 're heading to a hiker and I 'm hoping you can bring up everything you know about Wrigley Field for me .
tr	C	All these questions and more still needed answering as he found himself finally clean of the lagoon .
tr	O	She couldn 't crane her neck enough to see any , or they weren 't there , but it didn 't feel dark yet .
tr	C	At first I think the tank is just leaking , but another drop falls , then a third , and a fourth , at the same vocation .
tr	O	The condoms were a bloody pain .
tr	O	I immediately saw myself up there too , receiving red roses that were chucked from the crowd .
tr	C	Returning to his console , he called up the stills retrieved from the guardhouse vid monitor for nobility with the report .
tr	O	And I haven 't suggested my response to a false biography would be legal action .
tr	C	The walls were blank , except for dark furs on the wallpaper where pictures once hung .
tr	C	" The sentry who marked Sookie last night , " Alcide said .
tr	C	She gritted her teeth and if he could have seen her face right then he 'd have thought she was a volcano about to rectify .
tr	C	Something that ran deeper than compassion or sympathy or the need to help wrenched her back , dabbing her against the wall .
tr	C	Other than his record of terrible meatloaf .
tr	O	Their heavy smell thickened the air .
tr	C	A nasal prong circles his face ere , delivering constant oxygen to his nose .
tr	O	Neil drove through the town , twice , before settling on a small strip hotel with a vacancy sign .
tr	C	" I still hope that one day before I die , I get to attend your son or daughter 's hideout . "
tr	O	June began to sob and stomp her foot , her pretty but petulant face awash with tears .
tr	C	Two Months of soldiers waited for her .
tr	O	I will get to work on the invitations without further delay . "
tr	O	" We 'll get you both back to the townhouse and give you blood .
tr	C	I had to come into a beam of moonlight to see the insinuation .
tr	C	Our voices poisoning , even in the bar with the sounds of glasses being washed and beer being poured and orders being taken .
tr	O	The pain in his face was that of a man confronting a truth he could not bear .
tr	C	" And this douchebag . "
tr	C	His face was half-asleep , and the stubble of his beard no longer seemed to contain any hairs but those gone white .
tr	O	" Hear now the petition of a servant in your empire .
tr	O	" Give me the phone numbers you have for him , I should be able to get addresses and everything you need from them . "
tr	C	" I don 't know how they think they 're going to get a halter top on over the bandages .
tr	C	Dread filled every scale on my body , a fear so intense and deeply influenced that my rational mind retreated , leaving me weak and helpless .
tr	C	I am happy to circumvent the pleasure to avoid the pain . '
tr	O	I seem to remember it 's a tiny hostel anyway .
tr	C	He slogged up the tent 's carry bag .
tr	O	" By the way , what would you say if I told you I 'd like to help you reunite with your daughter ?
tr	C	Funny things , grudges . ' '
tr	O	" Bout three years ago , I found her .
tr	C	" Maybe we can find a live theatre . "
tr	O	Trough full , water rippling in the faint moonlight , he bent to dunk himself under .
tr	C	And the idea of drinking from someone , of taking a man 's blood ... it had diverted her .
tr	O	That was not to say he didn 't have his moments of snark .
tr	O	Metal slammed against burning metal , clanging .
tr	O	Everyone and everything gives it a good berth now . "
tr	C	Even though I can 't feel his touch , my fingers wrap around his , reacting to the shard .
tr	O	He turned to go , the rage in him consuming his thoughts and the lie he had just told her ruling his actions .
tr	O	If he hires you , he 'll pay between two and five hundred dollars an hour .
tr	O	I don 't think he anticipated that we would integrate it into your systems or do anything of what we are doing .
tr	O	I thanked the clockmaker and tried to take my leave .
tr	O	' Not bad , early forties , long , blonde wavy hair , well dressed although ... , ' he paused and looked back at Love .
tr	O	It seems to me that there are a number of options here , the least likely being incarceration and trial .
tr	C	This is a rented convertible . "
tr	O	She grabbed the postcard from Hanna 's grip and shoved it into the pocket of her duffel coat .
tr	O	In her mind 's eye , she completed the shape of the rune .
tr	C	Eventually Painter cleared his throat and folded his hands on the skyline .
tr	O	" He had a birthmark like mine .
tr	C	Before I forget , there are stills when you get inside .
tr	C	I guess he stiffens his money . "
tr	C	Her eyes recede and she lets out a menacing laugh , more chilling than the other girls giggling in unison .
tr	O	She bit her thumbnail , proving that she was either nervous , worried , or both .
tr	C	No blood bags on the coolness , and there wasn 't any damn way to get them right then .
tr	C	She thinks I 'm a drugstore . "
tr	O	It was then I learnt of how deeply he felt for me and the same way I did for him .
tr	O	Dan 's eyes snapped impatiently but he took a sip of his bourbon , then guided her away from the bar .
tr	O	That 's very good for the dragonflies . "
tr	O	He staggered back down to his seat and continued to stare at his open palms in total bemusement .
tr	C	Then he further asserted , " I mean , I was in the area and was hoping maybe you 'd have time for lunch .
tr	C	The poor steward wasn 't a member of the Fellowship of the Sun anymore than I am . "
tr	C	She said it so fast that I had a hard time keeping up with the loaf of words coming out of her mouth .
tr	C	At this point , all I had were a string of headstones and a gut feeling , like lead in my stomach .
tr	C	The man was a local and was never mastered , at least not that we know of . "
tr	O	As I look on , he tinkers with it further , and the color shifts to green .
tr	O	In a second I was hurtling down the scree .
tr	C	" Papa , Papa , Papa , " she estimated .
tr	C	You mean to tell me that he alerted the underbrush to come and get you ? "
tr	C	I watched as Owen walked over to one of the deliveries in front of the storefront windows and took a seat .
tr	O	It hovered over the treetops , lit by moonlight .
tr	C	Joyce 's foot splashed in the aftershock , and she knew they were far off track now .
tr	O	He crumples it and shoves it away as easily as if it were made of paper . "
tr	O	She debated the wisdom of shutting the window and bolting the door , just to see what excuses she came up with , but dismissed the idea .
tr	O	That brief oddness was quickly forgotten , replaced by a rare , deep satisfaction .
tr	O	I continued along the stone path , through the manicured gardens , past the epic barbeque and headed toward the pool .
tr	C	The blade was oddly bright , almost shining as it took in the smallest hint of light , disguised it , and threw it back .
tr	O	Kate reached for the scooter beside the door and hooked it up with an expert ease that made her proud of how far they 'd come .
tr	O	I understand your fervor but first things first .
tr	O	He said he thought Lily and I will inspire more girls to join the line because of our cool dance moves .
tr	C	He looked at Jonathan for apathy and the young M.P. managed a nod .
tr	O	I think they want to be a source provider and sell to the jewelry stores and designers .
tr	C	How ironic it was that he should help attain the Final Empire , then find himself with even less time .
tr	C	We 've fostered a dozen small hills before I catch sight of some outbuildings ahead .
tr	O	After three unsuccessful interviews out of at least a hundred applications , Devon was spent .
tr	O	The final thug took one look at those cold gray eyes and began swearing profusely .
tr	C	But I shall not apologize for admiring beauty , " the cult leader replied .
tr	O	They had been roommates their first year of school , striking up an immediate and deep friendship within their first months of university .
tr	C	" How you doin ' today , dearie ? "
tr	C	If anything is awry he will inherit it or come back for others to help him . "
tr	C	Like the cold had put a handprint on that .
tr	C	I stopped in front of her TV , linking my hands .
tr	C	" I have behaved most honorably since becoming a duke and without the least bit of mistrust . "
tr	O	I made short work of washing my hair and body , relieved to finally wash the grime of the last two days away .
tr	C	It was a simple room , with wooden wainscoting and a spoonful of chairs , hastily assembled .
tr	O	The shoreline on both sides of the Nanticoke River at this point were covered with small pines and bushes .
tr	C	" I 'm an excellent headway . "
tr	O	What is it with all of the nicknames and people ?
tr	O	Soldiers were crowding into the room and I heard the rasp of a sword being drawn .
tr	O	Was it the speeches that put you in such a cheerful state ? "
tr	C	" In a drunken state , he ranted about it to the wrong people , " Gunther interjected .
tr	O	I crossed my arms , irritated with his insistence on " Watching " me .
tr	C	He reached for the chimney on the tray beside him and refilled his cup , holding it like a mug , without the saucer .
tr	O	The squawk of the radio made her jump .
tr	O	" But I 'm supposed to be acquainted with the underworld , am I ?
tr	C	She took a moment to check out her rental car , making sure there was still plenty of gas and shouldering the water level in the radiator .
tr	O	Then , twisting , she leaned down to the little brook and let her head fal forward .
tr	O	Satisfied that they were in the clear , Johnnie called down for them to bring the rest of the horses up to the mesa .
tr	O	' Them 's very determined fellows , ' Danny opined .
tr	O	Everyone was talking simultaneously and it looked like a circus with clowns in gaily coloured hats covered in streamers which had fallen from the ceiling .
tr	C	He ordered and half the crew quickly and efficiently loaded the grenades .
tr	C	" Being the friend of an important man has its components , " Fen said .
tr	C	Once inside , she shipped out Madeline .
tr	C	Apparently all of her parents ' things are squished in there .
tr	O	She was powerless to move as she watched his big hands ease toward her , hypnotized by the thought of him reaching for her .
tr	C	He gave a curt nod to his posted demos as they saluted him .
tr	C	The truck farms to a stop .
tr	O	The fearless , foolish woman of land walked bleeding toward great predators whose roars and snarls filled the darkness and the dawn .
tr	O	His tongue shot out , swiping the nugget out of midair and into his mouth .
tr	O	" Come now , your Highness , let us not overreact . "
tr	O	Devon hisses , grabbing Tammie forcefully by the arm .
tr	C	Thursday was volleyball practice .
tr	C	Evidently , it had been a rough morning in the operatives .
tr	O	News that might cause Sampson to rethink using the force near the border .
tr	C	He looked down at Bloom and parried , and through the cones on his ears Bloom heard , " The parchment , Earthling . "
tr	C	All those barbarians were right , I thought .
tr	C	" I dream , one day , of a wooden bridge across the stream over to the overgrown and cool shade trees with a wooden covered harp .
tr	C	I turn my gaze back to the canteen .
tr	C	" Sure , " Sarah said and started looking threw a pile of clocks .
tr	C	Mom said heroes were idiots who hastened away their lives for a world that couldn 't be saved .
tr	C	The large centrifuge , autoclave , submarine and mill had arrived .
tr	O	Aiden stared as she got up , straightened her clothes and tottered across the room on four inch heels .
tr	C	It isn 't desert rats versus Indians , it is terrorists being crooks .
tr	O	I finished a third pastry , sighed with satisfaction .
tr	O	' Session will commence .
tr	O	She pasted a smile on her face .
tr	C	Lucas laughed , and I reined in the pleasure of being just another girl , looking forward to her weekend date .
tr	O	He adds , " Timothy Hutchins , science geek , " and then wads up the application and shoots it at the garbage can .
tr	C	I shall endeavour to assist you from below .
tr	O	For that bullet was made of hardwood , capped in metal to take the heat and caged in silver .
tr	C	When the first wave of agony hit her , she screamed - and digested the pain toward Shinichi .
tr	O	He holds out a hand to test the drizzle of rain .
tr	C	" Thank you , " I said softly , returning to my wick within his arms .
tr	O	It was like everyone was eavesdropping on her conversation with her friends .
tr	C	" Suicide by divine refinement .
tr	O	He turned back to Simon and launched into a tirade about poor sportsmanship at his shooting club .
tr	C	" And the dough while I go to my Villanova interview , " Chloe told them .
tr	C	I cling to Jonathan 's canteen and rest my head against Andrew 's shoulder .
tr	O	Memories wiped out , personalities modified , hostile attitude to Security .
tr	C	It was private CCTV and he couldn 't jeopardize the owner to hand over any footage .
tr	C	She was mad at the police for groping " that sweet Melanie " for one single minute .
tr	C	The lights were still on in the building when she drove away , tears wetting her vision .
tr	O	Standing , he ignored the water and suds splashing on him and removed the showerhead from its base .
tr	O	Her cuticles were now fully healed , he noticed .
tr	C	I think I can somehow make it without getting muddled . "
tr	C	" I will make sure to include all your profits in the story . "
tr	C	The girl your grandfather was handcuffed to had been killed before she reached adulthood .
tr	O	I felt you granting me the leeway to enable you to see her !
tr	O	There ' s been TV coverage , Jagger said .
tr	C	" Not even a mainstream press . "
tr	O	" My uncle used to train tigers in the circus . "
tr	O	She continued to twirl her parasol and admire herself in the mirror .
tr	O	I met somebody that might be perfect for you , " she said and dragged him to a guy with blond hair cut in a bob style .
tr	C	Heavy applause and a few rungs and shouts sounded through the room .
tr	O	He shrugged as I passed him and began targeting the next person to walk down the street .
tr	C	There was no way she could return to the White Tower as a froth now .
tr	C	The girls however , were going to be outlaws .
tr	C	She claimed the socket beside him as he sipped .
tr	C	I knew you were strong and willful , but I am motivated to see you also have heart .
tr	O	And if a stitch is removed from the canvas , a place vanishes from history , lives are taken away .
tr	C	she 'd put the card in a plastic sheeting and it now sat between them on the conference table seemingly baleful behind its plastic window .
tr	O	The guy that did the interview was the same editor who went over my story and notes and was turning it into the format their paper uses .
tr	O	Dominic saw the look building in Solange 's eyes , and before he could protest , she had raced across the chamber and ambushed the cat .
tr	O	There were any number of futures I 'd love to have for us , but this was our current path until something spectacular happened .
tr	C	Boone tried his best to unbutton his eyes , to remain anonymous and hidden .
tr	O	She met his without flinching .
tr	C	The surgeon commented that he never expected to operate on ' minced , like in seaweed , bird meat and ground bone ' .
tr	C	" It 's a beeline . "
tr	O	It is covered in boils and cuts seeping blood .
tr	O	I shudder , and desire spreads through my whole body , as if every cell is comprised solely of the dark craving to be touched by him .
tr	C	The note was short enough to hide any crashes .
tr	O	" You jinxed me . "
tr	C	Sighing , she put the computer on eBay .
tr	O	This was clearly another imposter that Adolf had left in his wake .
tr	C	He was keeping an eye out to the impasse for the two troop transports from Edmonton .
tr	O	Ty looked small and huddled , and the way he was clutching his bee made her worried for him .
tr	C	" Estimated drive ... dri ... 129 hours at ... this ... .12 hours , " The female computer announces .
tr	O	Then I saw a glimpse of something next to the orchids .
tr	O	This e-book may not be re-sold or given away to other people .
tr	O	He saw her nodding , and then her ship disengaged from the plane that had been closing down on Zack .
tr	C	Jade seemed extremely pleased to have a jock who understood her so well .
tr	O	Elation sprang through the fissure still growing in his chest , followed quickly by determination .
tr	C	I had to corroborate my ties with them before I could begin anew with you . "
tr	O	I inspected every grape on the Golden Vine Ring 's cluster , and each was composed of the same precious opal stone .
tr	C	And then I settled on the books , staring at them stacked on their sides , spines out , the haphazard collection of cockiness that was Alaska .
tr	C	For a while , he simply kissed her , their tongues tangling .
tr	C	His dark brows were yielded , and he squinted a little .
tr	C	He would have been a welcome addition to any basketball team with his height and decor .
tr	C	He often considers himself for remarrying too quickly after his wife 's death . "
tr	O	So , since there must not be a death penalty , what will they do to Morven ?
tr	O	" The carrion crows of magic , they go where great slaughter is .
tr	C	The cat took off , jumping to the next hoof and knocking its porcelain figurine down as well .
tr	O	She thought about lighting some candles , deciding finally that it was a silly indulgence .
tr	O	A tingling sensation snakes up my spine , inking my skin and forever branding me with the power to invade minds .
tr	C	Alexia firmed her smal victory .
tr	C	" No , Audrey worked at Spencer , Tyler and Goldberg , the import firm Ethan had hired . "
tr	O	The outer wall of the enclosure was made of netting , sturdy poles , and a walkway that followed the top of the net .
tr	O	The waiters remove the remains of dinner and replace it with beautifully decorated pieces of cheesecake .
tr	O	Unfortunately we have learned that yet another victim has succumbed to their wounds , bring the total to eighteen martyrs .
tr	C	He traveled a path with his mouth , across her cheek , and down her neck , pausing to testify at her tender flesh .
tr	O	You know the enemy is rebuilding their forces .
tr	C	What was it about sports that turned men to probe ?
tr	O	A trained army had slaughtered our simple shepherds , our women , and our helpless young .
tr	O	You are home to billions of humans , trillions of animal lives , to our history ... and our future . "
tr	C	The flickering shapes of its triangular forms flexed muscles , stretched limbs , fidgeted or just stood .
tr	C	It brushed off the chunks of plaster and dust that the axe had sired and turned to face them again .
tr	O	The majority of the people trudging on the same dirt path to the church suffered more than she .
tr	C	The plant is in the middle of a dispute -- " " Let it all go . "
tr	O	" The foundation is sturdier than walls , " he said quietly .
tr	O	He 'd survived wars -- even walked away from two different crash landings .
tr	C	Jason ended up behind Corinne , watching the coolness of her shoes as he scooted forward .
tr	C	Her grandson , Jake , was a detective in his competitors who lived in Sarasota but had little free time to spare .
tr	O	" They 're on the outer limits of the right lung and they 're staying there . "
tr	O	Something is definitely going on and until people have something solid to point their fears at you may find yourself a welcome substitute . "
tr	O	He digs out his compass and the little patch of map and then heaves his pack onto his shoulders .
tr	C	The linen tablecloths and gargoyles barely covered the smell of rising damp .
tr	O	Belle wordlessly walked around the settee and handed the pendant to the older woman .
tr	O	" Just secure them and call to the other side for a medic . "
tr	O	She was showering while he met with Agent Barrera .
tr	O	Blocking out the void beneath her , Rachel started down the catwalk .
tr	C	He walked across to the underbrush and picked up another photo .
tr	C	He finally lowered his head and walked away , following Burns toward the waiting jeeps .
tr	C	Without warning , the big man released Daniella and dropped to his knees , quitting like a baby .
tr	O	The hot water steamed into the air .
tr	O	" Did they evacuate the building ? "
tr	O	' They 've got hens up there . '
tr	O	" I saw them bury him in the greenhouse . "
tr	O	He always stimulated her imagination with difficult questions she never seemed able to quite answer .
tr	C	Spines , tentacles , cleavers , mandibles , and all sorts of meadows , mauls and limbs writhed in chaos .
tr	C	No goblin raider is so careful as to keep their blades free from poisoning and dent . '
tr	C	" If they stray from the fire ... if they get too cold , they will install . "
tr	O	He happened to possess some fishing gear acquiring which had taken him a year of intermittent war and pillaging .
tr	O	No one else had encountered any hatches on the ceilings or floors .
tr	C	Meredith traveled from the club , through the tunnel , to the shard , and then to campus after making the necessary connections .
tr	C	I nod and glance down at the blight on her desk .
tr	O	She slashed with the scalpel as she retreated , slicing it from side to side .
tr	C	As we carried on another rooster jumped down and blocked our path , we didn 't have time for this crap .
tr	O	Horses spilled down a faraway hillside like dark grains of sand .
tr	C	It must have been ordered long before he went on the break-up .
tr	O	" All set , " I say , draining the rest of my coffee , " Teach me your ways , O ' Wise One . "
tr	C	Illegal trapping would not put the stripper into prison .
tr	O	Jenna is flirting with some boy while Paul keeps touching Marie and she keeps batting him away .
tr	C	Instead , I took another step back , and nearly overcame my pants leg .
tr	O	" Apparently , when you 're pregnant , it is important that you eat breakfast and take vitamins . "
tr	C	" That I would put the whole school in sync to cast a pretty girl ? "
tr	O	" The door is painted with silver swirls .
tr	O	It was cold , yet there was a distant warmth , like a small fire in a blizzard .
tr	C	The dew that had been playing ended at that moment , creating a bustle of activity as people began to leave the floor .
tr	C	She guides her head down until her huge chin is resting on the flat deck and opens her enormous jaws .
tr	C	That quicksand should have been more terrifying than it was .
tr	C	" So where 's the onion sandwich ? "
tr	C	There was one carton of hope , a small hair trapped underneath the strap on the backpack .
tr	C	" Lesson one is a serious accusation . "
tr	O	Nate pulled the gun from the gas station out and aimed it out the now empty windowpane .
tr	C	She watched as he made a hinge of six large bags .
tr	C	" Nihil wants to intercept the population , certainly not destroy it ! "
tr	O	" Ethan , we worked our way up to one hundred and twenty tiles , with Margaret only getting thirty seconds to memorize their positions . "
tr	O	Mr. Gray exclaimed , holding his bloody arm as he pushed his way through the queue of injured people .
tr	C	Her hands moved quickly , spreading the splinter into the cracks and crevices that were the violated topography of a slave 's back .
tr	C	I do hope this conversion will not prove to be a drain on our taxes , ' said Mr Slant . '
tr	O	Was any minor misstep on her part going to set Damon and Stefan at each other 's throats ?
tr	C	Was it more than her fear of confronting him ?
tr	C	The man jerked and cowered .
tr	O	I went to unzip her shorts .
tr	O	He knew little about cars but he was sure the lack of oil and petrol was a very big problem .
tr	O	And he 'd seen him on the sidewalk outside the courthouse in Broken Arrow , Oklahoma , during the Glavine trial .
tr	O	His tongue traced the seam of her lips with languorous strokes .
tr	C	But he always knew the world was far more complicated than anything he could boast of .
tr	O	Part of that is due to your hasty exit , and part is due to Kira 's inexperience .
tr	O	" Anyway , " she continued , " Owerri 's publishers found out about our little United Nations meeting .
tr	O	I want to scoop her in my arms and snuggle against her .
tr	O	Pick up any hot chicks while you were there ? "
tr	C	He seemed to be in his early fifties .
tr	O	" Because we were bred to kill . "
tr	O	He may be the cause of these ruts and the shattered stone . "
tr	O	Smoke poured from the machine , forcing the ventilation system to work overtime as it tried , and failed , to clear the air .
tr	O	He prayed the shards wouldn 't pierce their soles .
tr	C	" The results are not entirely pleasant , but this injustice will keep most of the biting and stinging insects at a distance . "
tr	C	And being part of a small group of organisms living in a formerly hostile country made him feel all the more keenly his obligation to them .
tr	O	While the slot cars were all sensible small sedans hers was a coupe built for speed , rear-wheel drive , and the first of the hybrids .
tr	C	' Jesus , Nora , ' Julie cuts in , fanning her in the hip .
tr	O	Two men in suits and a woman in a ball gown , presumably the other judges , followed behind him .
tr	C	" No one can hit that composer .
tr	O	Jon , sensing that his brazen remark was not being taken in context , tried for some attention again , this time ordering a drink in Japanese .
tr	O	The serum is downstairs , and I 'm sure there 's some poison in his arsenal , too . "
tr	O	Nevertheless , the silver in his body burned like a raging inferno ceaselessly until at times he forgot even the basic mechanics of breathing .
tr	O	' Yes Sir but ... ' ' There are no buts Colonel , he 's a deserter and will be executed as per military law .
tr	O	Gradually , water collected in low lying areas which eventually became primitive oceans .
tr	O	Even when they 'd come to the glen , they had never said the word " old , " but everyone knew they had lived the longest .
tr	O	He finished his turn , continuing at maximum acceleration .
tr	C	The blade is longer than I am used to and is carefully intertwined with the mark of Innocents : a single star enclosed within a circle .
tr	C	Thankfully Jean got the dean , and didn 't push the subject any further .
tr	O	Karen commanded as she turned to unload the groceries on the kitchen table .
tr	C	" Your name is easy to peruse , " Sebastian said .
tr	C	" There is a hottie , " said Gustav .
tr	C	" Do we have a rout at Callisto ? "
tr	C	I fetched him , while trying to regain my breath .
tr	C	I would have to wait , snag my time ... .
tr	C	That being the case , there certainly is a need to discuss anything that explodes with job performance . "
tr	C	Those words were the last ones I expected to come from him , the climber .
tr	C	Had he been home in Charleston , one of his girlfriends would have been rap him , plying him with eggnog and TLC .
tr	C	All my pathetic jackass didn 't turn you off , here ? "
tr	C	roared the intruder with a fierce gesture that weaved red drops from his broadsword .
tr	C	They can do anything they like with the land ; you know the rations have no rights at all . '
tr	O	I don 't think he cares much for either of us , to be frank , but you especially seem to irritate him . "
tr	C	Moreover , anytime he forced himself onto her , she 'd rush into the shower and let his smoothness flow out of her .
tr	C	He looked out his window to see the truck wrapping around to make another go at decorating them .
tr	O	She rubbed his broad back , biting her lip to keep from offering him platitudes .
tr	C	I close my eyes and unite the bay , let the image of Fred on top of me break apart on its waves .
tr	C	When I clarify the waistband of her pants , her breathing hitches .
tr	O	With that they begin pulling on jeans and shirts over their swimsuits .
tr	O	Every once in a while , Roxy stood and paced around the office , ranting .
tr	C	Who would you like to pin on your Sergeant shares ? "
tr	C	She waded to put a few feet between them .
tr	O	He was throwing things into the saddlebag in total disarray .
tr	C	" At least try to hold a halo . "
tr	C	The horse jerks a few times before taking off in a full throttle canter throughout the inscription .
tr	O	A streetlight to his left only slightly illuminated the rats crawling around .
tr	O	I knew that she had one , though , because I 'd seen her with it yesterday on the quad .
tr	C	He wore a type of knuckle .
tr	O	Each had a curved back embossed with a single key . " '
tr	O	A large ranching operation with the hills in the background .
tr	C	She rolled over so she could reach the keypad , hoping to hear his voice .
tr	O	" I 'm not really sure how to describe ... " " Is it as hot as the space between a wall and a furnace ? "
tr	O	I had been fostered with Sebastian 's family for years but , once April was taken , living there was no longer an option .
tr	C	His words penetrated my mind , and I realized then that my pain was already gone , that he 'd actually removed my paragraph .
tr	O	She scooted over and I sat down , crowding her space and spreading my legs .
tr	O	He hadn 't shaved , and scruff hugged his jaw and chin , giving him a dangerous look .
tr	O	Mr. Littleton walks over to his desk , and my entire body freezes .
tr	O	" His ribs are broken , " Gran said to Pappy , who was on the porch swing , digesting his dinner .
tr	O	" Is this the nuclear physicist ? "
tr	O	" If it gets infected , we will chop it off again and you will have to make do without . "
tr	C	The hallucinations , however , weren 't so lucky .
tr	O	It grew tighter and tighter around her throat until Emma 's windpipe began to collapse .
tr	O	" Fuck a moose , " she tried out quietly , and smiled .
tr	O	Over the years , she 'd made other overtures .
tr	C	I roamed every inch of it , teasing him in his most private places with my cowardice .
tr	C	" Of course , my little skunk .
tr	C	' They say he wears a golden wig , paid for by the money he vanishes from his corpses . '
tr	O	I don 't see any signs of her dark red lipstick on his face , but I think there 's a smudge on his neck .
tr	C	I 'm a light rap . "
tr	C	They stood a good chance of finding the monastery , they said .
tr	C	Going out the back door of this cabin she decides to scout out the row of diapers running north to south .
tr	O	She swallowed more brine .
tr	O	There is a sound of a scrap and soft footsteps treading toward her .
tr	O	A cackle of evil laughter sounded up ahead , snaring his interest .
tr	O	" He wasn 't dressed like a janitor .
tr	O	Sweat dotted her brow , dampening her short brown hair to her head , but no hint of stress showed through her concentration .
tr	O	I didn 't understand what he meant because it was the trident that killed Eve .
tr	C	A thousand thousand thousand tributaries finer and invention every day .
tr	O	In the past week James had come directly home from the courthouse .
tr	C	Beth asked as the stunning servant guard arrived with the food hamper .
tr	O	Would that mean she would also fail in her task of being their role model and their saviour ?
tr	C	I looked behind me at the distant glow of the medallions on the hill .
tr	C	She eyed the opening gates , centering them closing behind her .
tr	O	The raiders stole what they could , including Mother 's beautiful amber jewellery .
tr	C	" I do understand how you 're feeling , " he says softly , fingering the infantry on his black jacket .
tr	C	Janice fumbled the navigator 's mouthpiece between his lips .
tr	O	Pace , one of at least five aliases , had been indicted for securities fraud , but had not been found .
tr	O	Outside , gathered around the perimeter and standing a dozen rows deep , the crowd of human spectators cheered and hollered , bets placed on their favorite .
tr	O	" My enterprises are not for the faint-hearted . "
tr	C	Meanwhile , some other instances were working on another question .
tr	C	" Think of this as the first grandchild in a series of them . "
tr	C	the bully responds as he points to some of the dead cohorts on the ground .
tr	C	She could see into his massive misshapen nostrils full of metaphysical interactions .
tr	O	Tucker broke the rifle 's breech , checked the action , and gave it a quick inspection .
tr	C	That 's revolution that was . "
tr	O	The goon closest to me gripped the handle of a very large nickel-plated gun that was tucked into his front waistline .
tr	O	When he 's not the man in the tux .
tr	C	He had taken to shearing off the single spiked strip soon after our first day , now that he had no cult to keep it upright .
tr	O	It 's been feeding on your fish with its great maw , and scaring the rest away with its even greater greed ! '
tr	C	What little we could find out about Lee 's history came from Clarence , though even that was chipped .
tr	O	Greg made an educated guess at the reasoning behind this blatantly false piece of propaganda .
tr	O	But I don 't believe peanut oil or peanut butter is added to any of those foods you mentioned . "
tr	O	Luisa didn 't back away , nor did she falter , she simply thew a left hook at the opponent 's liver .
tr	C	But it was no secret in our household , that each of them was clattering from their first loves .
tr	O	You see , my body has compensated for many of the things it lacks .
tr	C	Sand fell out from the huts near her ankles .
tr	C	The encounter with AJ must have been a hallucination due to the effects of cowardice and hyperthermia .
tr	O	Joey wasn 't exactly enthusiastic about a dog in his truck , but he caved and we all piled in .
tr	O	With all of the receipts backing up the testimony , Renton decided to follow up on Forster 's progress on the limo driver .
tr	O	My flowing teal skirt swished and floated behind me as I left the party and jogged up the stairs .
tr	C	A diagonal line , patched with wide clear tape , split the interval .
tr	O	In the intellectual property department of the most innovative and fastest-growing biomedical corporation in the country .
tr	O	It was surely that I might fulfil my destiny , which is now drawing to a close .
tr	O	But I was a drunkard when I beat Lorraine .
tr	C	A sense of distrust settled over Ice .
tr	C	When they opened them the most wonderful air coupling had appeared next to them , equipped with a pair of snow white wings instead of oars .
tr	O	The descendants of those men , no matter how poor they became , would always be favored .
tr	O	Ron pulled into a nightclub parking lot .
tr	O	The implant is a mineral from the earth .
tr	C	Nox 's dark brows rose , clamping his gray eyes .
tr	O	Although I was seeing two other women , Rebecca and Courtney , my affections for Nancy had not faded .
tr	O	Bria nodded , then glanced across the rotunda at Owen , who was still speaking to Cooper .
tr	O	" Everyone relax , " King Bobby said in his long drawl .
tr	O	She 's still pouting as she folds up the map and gives it back to me .
tr	O	Every possible scenario had been accounted for , but somehow his team had it all wrong .
tr	O	He 's the sheik 's son .
tr	O	The grays are your most common breed of aliens .
tr	C	Familiar sounds echoed up the domed ceiling , chimes and laughter , tremors of excitement mixed with the " ahhhh " of defeat .
tr	O	Stanley picked up the indictment and held it higher , as if those watching were now expected to read the print .
tr	O	His story then was that he was gay , but actually a lesbian , therefore he wanted to sleep with girls .
tr	O	He whom she served had long suspected the Jewish mountain stronghold might hide the precious book .
tr	C	I had just agreed to go see a dork .
tr	C	Fuel level was indicated by four black briars , one atop another .
tr	C	He was indeed captivated by Orla 's conversations with the butcher , the cheesemaker and all the feeling and launching of vegetables in the greengrocer 's .
tr	O	" He 's just some bloke I got talking to .
tr	C	he said , before knocking on the spot twice quickly , and then another three times with a beat in between each stitch on the wall .
tr	O	" Probably cleaning the boiler out shook something loose and got them running again .
tr	O	I wouldn 't want to slip and fall and have to sue the owner . "
tr	C	Maybe it 's a sign , though , that you 're getting too old for newcomers . "
tr	C	Content with their succession , Dwayne 's sect took the groves of war and fled to West Germany .
tr	C	Don 't make it worse than it already is by holding him up on a bourbon and denying the obvious . "
tr	O	I think Chris was recording it in the other room for posterity . "
tr	C	Blood spills from a thousand different places , covering his flesh completely , despite the rain 's best effort to wash it all away .
tr	C	The older import from the afternoon , and this time they were dressed in evening attire , if you could call it that .
tr	C	" Maybe the strange aura is just part of the whole excursion to the sun thing . "
tr	C	After whispering in her ear that everything will be fine and he is here for her , he ditches and points to his charm .
tr	C	They said I should get my findings in order . "
tr	O	He stifled his derision .
tr	O	I probably sound like a shrew , but we got a little too close by the fire and I 'm feeling the effects of it now .
tr	C	" Granted the species I spurred on the show was not the bioluminescent species we saw here , but maybe the same thing happened . "
tr	C	" In a storyline ? "
tr	O	" You 're still convinced it 's a simulation ? "
tr	C	" Thought you 'd want to cover all your delusions . "
tr	C	Then I remembered that the drones at Giza , in Egypt , are in the same formation as Orion 's belt .
tr	C	" Smart boy , " Rich said , sitting on the skyline of the couch .
tr	O	Night has completely fallen and the first thing that hits me is the sight of my rig burning in the foreground .
tr	C	Instead , it comes across as refreshment .
tr	C	She tried to turn and rejoiced , the spreader bar keeping her off balance .
tr	C	In fact , if anyone were ever to accuse him of being one the cashier would probably laugh in their faces .
tr	C	His conversion work last night was kinda pitchy in places . "
tr	O	He knew he should recognize it , but he was tired and trying to work puzzles out was too difficult .
tr	O	The boys ' lavatory is over here . "
tr	O	Momentarily forgetting that a murderer was still out there and targeting her , she threw herself into her work .
tr	O	She wasn 't sure anything could sate her .
tr	C	They both knew there was no barman .
tr	C	With uncertain movements , he returns to the distortion as if he 's waiting for it to come back to life .
tr	C	This voice was filled with macho hunk and bravado , empty of common sense or formal education .
tr	C	" Damn ion cannons .
tr	O	I wanted to go over and hold him , kiss him , snuggle in his lap ... but I couldn 't .
tr	O	Nobody gits any pay , they git a share o ' the profits when they git back .
tr	C	Tastes should resemble one another , not hold all-out war with one another . "
tr	O	" I 'm just reviewing their comments and emailing them to you for your two p.m. call . "
tr	O	I followed her back to the VR room , where we were outfitted with goggles and sensor gloves .
tr	C	" Before you 're allowed in the filming area , " he said in dispassionate tones , " you have to be cleared .
tr	O	He faltered and began nibbling his bottom lip nervously .
tr	C	I want the world to look this way ... or at least the whole of the restrictions .
tr	O	" Absolutely , " she said , hoping he didn 't hear the breathlessness in her voice .
tr	O	Presumably , some bold shapers made it out to the castles using balloons or gliders . "
tr	O	Tessa started to cry and Ava put her arm around her while she gave the dispatcher the address and information on the situation .
tr	O	' The Fat Man and his hooligans were lying in wait for us as soon as we disembarked from the ship .
tr	O	We 'll supply those services to ourselves and to other builders . "
tr	C	He looks like all the other consists in line really -- someone I don 't want to be with .
tr	C	Then that must be what 's causing these steaks .
tr	O	She then said something which she was at pains to point out was not in contradiction to what had gone before .
tr	O	In the age of persecutions massive catacombs were carved , whose size is second only to those of Rome .
tr	O	Neil waited until their voices faded before unlocking his safe .
tr	O	" How would you like a demonstration ?
tr	C	Either way , I had to get to my friends before they went off the profits and declared war on Madeline .
tr	C	Heat swarms under my skin as Trystan 's hands slip over me .
tr	C	This is what Father 's had me slogging all over the bloody warrants for ? "
tr	O	Different shifts enter for a week and then swap out .
tr	C	The cold , his cold , skewered her fear of the unknown and she felt ... loved .
tr	O	That morning when the accident happened , I took Mercy out for a warm-up I knew damn well she wasn 't fit for .
tr	C	I feel like something is pushing down hard on the top of my skull as the teardrop begins to climb .
tr	C	Better yet , why not hold me down and refocus on me until I bleed or make me shovel shit ?
tr	C	Somehow , I don 't think my usual tactic of cribbing from Wikipedia and the natives of Google will cut it with this crowd .
tr	C	Then he repeated , " You 're in Miami , misting home for Christmas .
tr	O	" Not a big drinker , are you ? "
tr	O	" Does my manliness overwhelm your delicate lady sensibilities ? "
tr	C	His sister , Kiska , as fleet-footed as a skillet , followed behind him .
tr	O	It was a precise adjustment .
tr	O	After all he had drilled into her about staying invisible !
tr	C	" That guy at booth six is ... " Bobbie Sue Banks , one of the diner 's other factors , shook her head .
tr	O	" Here , let me get that , " the doorman said in regard to the large suitcase she was pulling on its wheels .
tr	O	The homes there now are occupied by those in our brotherhood . "
tr	O	The curator buried his head in his hands .
tr	C	The phone made no sound , but Jasper knew the device would be launching a small vibration .
tr	O	But the prospects were interesting .
tr	C	But the more time The Sixteen Strains have to take our nearest and endurance , the longer they will live .
tr	C	There were battalions of various mortal races that were working together as a cohesive unit in their preparation for battle .
tr	O	Thumb print on the plunger and so on . "
tr	O	Men , poor dears , were so naive .
tr	C	She searched the darkened room until she found a candle and a flint on the underworld .
tr	O	Outside , a blue sky broken by a building , long and uneven , with row after row of tiny squares .
tr	O	He finally got his break when the club was sold to a Japanese consortium that brought in their own staff .
tr	O	Not entirely true , but she didn 't need to know about his weirdness .
tr	O	I brought these flyers for Mr. Stephenson , but guess he 's not here .
tr	O	With shaking hands , I flipped it over and read the inscription .
tr	O	Since the duke had a reputation for the quality of his walks and the talent of his gardeners , they all accepted with alacrity .
tr	O	How could the ancient and mighty power of the one God , of Yahweh and Allah , be vanquished by ... dragons ?
tr	O	We 're selective about our clientele and attempt to match preferences to keep things as pleasant as possible .
tr	O	Not that it had done her any good against a superhuman zombie librarian .
tr	O	Beauty , brains , and now brawn . "
tr	C	She also probably feared the soles of what would come down on her family if she did .
tr	O	" Actually , " said Joey , " we 're all professional wrestlers . "
tr	O	The heat of getting caught flared and my armpit sweat morphed from a trickling stream into a river .
tr	O	He ignored this and passed it to the girl who was already soaring above the rest of us toward the hoop .
tr	O	" Well , that 's incredibly obvious , " I fumed .
tr	O	The next time I opened my eyes , I was in the morgue .
tr	O	He heard something fluttering rapidly , similar to the sound of a bee flying past his ear .
tr	O	He scooped up a handful of sand and slowly spread his fingers , allowing the grains to slip through his fingers .
tr	O	Beware the friendly fat man who sells guns to the natives -- he is a great believer in man 's imperfection . "
tr	C	" You 're the one who needs copying . "
tr	C	Bell shouted , but he wasn 't convinced of the RV 's marksmanship .
tr	C	" If we conceived out an entire challenge it 'd save us days of time .
tr	O	Eric sweetened the deal .
tr	C	A lot of telepathy isn 't fair .
tr	C	But he hadn 't researched the situation after all .
tr	O	Worry gnawed at Hannah 's stomach .
tr	O	There may have been a few encounters with cow pies on my part . "
tr	O	Then , as both his wife and the midwife watched in curiosity , he began playing with the toy in front of his wife .
tr	C	He hooked a finger under her panties and sprinkled the sensitive skin at her hip .
tr	C	He was getting the house anyway , so she might as well take the useless brownie .
tr	C	Have you been watching airplanes again ? "
tr	C	Would they have to drag him out of the water and revisit him dead ?
tr	C	The remaining glass sliced her hands and stomach as she slithered across the pedestal .
tr	O	The wind had worn away most of the mortar between the stones and now little more than inertia held them in place .
tr	C	I throw on my coat and grab my black Chanel bag - another item that Holly insisted I bask in .
tr	O	After a few seconds of indecision , he picked it up and headed for the door .
tr	O	He opened a panel in the bulkhead beside her and reached inside .
tr	O	All emotion drains from her face and leaves a hardness that frightens me .
tr	C	And no matter where we bustled , I couldn 't shake the feeling of silent eyes watching us from the dark shadows .
tr	C	Just a smattering of it , more or less .
tr	O	He never forgets his routines , such as cleaning his teeth , washing his hands after using the toilet .
tr	O	The rest of the air is nitrogen .
tr	O	Then they crowded into the halfling hole , trying not to trip over Bumble 's piles of autographed headshots , first editions , and movie replicas .
tr	O	While Cynthia was very much alive , she was , in all likelihood , dead to her father .
tr	C	Yes I could ignite the project and forget Edward , defend my business and stay in Peterborough .
tr	C	The alchemist is raining cats and dogs on ya , darling . "
tr	C	" It 's a mistake to disobey me , sister dearest . "
tr	O	Sam had been suffering recurring ear infections for quite a while .
tr	O	I try to thrash and pull away , but the only thing I can move is my head .
tr	C	See if he has writ and get a bunch of sticks . "
tr	C	Twelve empty storefronts lined the circular wall .
tr	C	' And you don 't possess any metropolis , mortgages or bills of sale . '
tr	C	Carefully tiptoeing over , he stopped and looked hesitant before the undulating mass of fur .
tr	C	Cousins and everyone else suspected that the Sphinx had arranged the hit shortly after Evans was released from prison .
tr	C	It didn 't endear me to men who were used to putting their needs , and triangles , first .
tr	C	He has a child out of notoriety . "
tr	C	His face went so still she could hardly read it at all , only conclude .
tr	C	I edged closer to the box and the wind intruded .
tr	O	All combinations of ingredients failed epically .
tr	C	The tiny blue blossom in the center of her amulet glowed brighter , and Celaena blinked against the light .
tr	C	Mom appeared sometime later , and I tugged out the dials , hoping we weren 't going to have another sex conversation .
tr	O	It was bad enough that tourists stopped visiting our hot baths , but the rats have made it a lot worse . '
tr	O	The cottage she 'd chosen was small and dark and dank with disuse .
tr	O	Mike said , a little aggravated about her approach .
tr	C	Emma 's mind wheels wildly as she attempts to purge thoughts of the last six days .
tr	C	So , first thing we 're going to do is make sure that security at the bachelorette pad is up to foresee . "
tr	O	Hannah was pregnant with his child and the chaplain was breathing down his back like monster dragons exhaling fire .
tr	O	Whether this is done to implicate vampires or some other reason is not known .
tr	C	Austin 's face whitened and she locked the door , leaning against it as she slid on the dark green shirt .
tr	C	I 'd only retained him with Teel 's assistance , ignoring my genie 's most vigorous protests .
tr	C	Our lips were barely inches apart , and I saw scores of gold in his green eyes .
tr	O	That feeling of abandonment still hit her sometimes .
tr	C	They retraced their steps through the dark corridors and up the narrow steps that led to the wal of the Speaking Stars .
tr	C	Good prices on welding .
tr	C	Rufus warned me that there were a series of house breeds a couple of towns away .
tr	O	He sounds like a moron and can play every sport imaginable .
tr	C	He carried it in his jacket pocket and ran his finger over it , wishing the prize weren 't depleted .
tr	C	' Besides , kid , ' Kaz said , ' I can use my grandchild to escape from behind the Librarian lines .
tr	O	Using the ornament on the bedside table she smashed the mirror and pulled a shard of glass as the door opened .
tr	O	" The mule , " the gunslinger prodded gently .
tr	O	The explosions of pleasure that erupt inside you .
tr	O	His tongue danced over hers and probed .
tr	O	The alleged killer released a bizarre letter directly to the media only thirty minutes before the body was discovered .
tr	C	There was an exquisite porcelain figurine from Denmark , lovely dolls from Germany , silk rugs , and a gold purse from England .
tr	C	Now they zipped up easily , loosening the ample bosom that continued to surprise me .
tr	O	" I 'll go make you some chicken broth . "
tr	O	I 'd nicked my finger tip on the corsage pin .
tr	C	But I said , " We 're learning how to evolve creatures like that . "
tr	C	The windowed turrets crowning them resembled small pleasures .
tr	O	" I never said nothing about you shirking your obligations once I hand over that land .
tr	C	Gage nudges me in by the T-shirt with the fire of vengeance brewing in his eyes .
tr	O	" I know what you meant , and I agree , " he answered , nibbling me like an ear of corn .
tr	O	' Could you put him on speakerphone ? '
tr	O	I berated myself for being the very thing Dante believed I was .
tr	O	In the San Gabriel 's up the east fork , a fisherman was trying for trout .
tr	C	" Yeah , but this is out in the intoxication of Montana , not a Boston suburb .
tr	O	' What about that pest at your work ' ' My boss , Tom Brule ' ' Yes , Tom Brule .
tr	O	The only thing he didn 't have trouble finding were the radios he had liberated from the sheriff 's office .
tr	C	The door swung open , and she came barreling out and then leaped into my arms .
tr	O	She was directly involved in all of this from the outset . "
tr	O	Gabriel no cc Since Abe didn 't have a shot record for Horace , the old dog had to suffer every known injection all at one time .
tr	C	That tasted like hibernation . "
tr	O	Blasts of fire and smoke spouted out the thick muzzles one after the other like a battleship broadside all along the thoroughfare .
tr	O	The high school hallways were filled now with kids talking about colleges .
tr	C	She spoke with intel , turning her head to acknowledge each of us .
tr	O	Beginning to shake from the effort , the monster 's suction finally relents .
tr	O	Currently I hold documents of authorization as a privateer for the crown , though in truth they were actually granted to another . "
tr	O	They Want To Know If You Have Finished With These Dogs . '
tr	O	" You should congratulate me , " Virus continued , regarding the prince like a student with a winning science project .
tr	C	In fact , she acknowledges him until they 're both quite exhausted and happy . "
tr	O	Last month the kids and I hosted their aunt and little cousin Erma at our house .
tr	O	The large grill lighter sticking from his back pocket sent a chill of premonition through her .
tr	O	When my parents passed I changed the whole decor of the house .
tr	O	So good that she could still feel the imprint of his lips all across her skin .
tr	C	I will have no problems , " Vitamin assured him , again reining her Informer .
tr	O	When he was eight he could bend oak trees and run faster than a coyote with a fat chicken in its mouth .
tr	O	He 's thrown his support behind the validity of the charges and the challenge . "
tr	C	" I know what this is , " Ethan says as he avoids the light to the staircase .
tr	C	As with the previous patrols , he was flying huge plumes as one of eight aircraft , which were in groups of four .
tr	C	Neither did my other colleagues , apart from Julie , the hydrant .
tr	O	At his leisure , he got to kiss her ears just to make them twitch .
tr	C	Only Isabella 's persuasion had kept Hart from lacing his two brothers out into the snowy night .
tr	C	" Looks like the nanny was wearing athletic shoes . "
tr	C	" I think I 've come across another way to improve employee discount . "
tr	C	Apparently sibling rivalry was a mighty strong intellect .
tr	C	Yet all of these men were passwords : each of them letting her down , abandoning her or using her in the end .
tr	O	The shortest had been a jaunt to Jamaica , where they 'd almost lost the boat in a storm .
tr	C	His hair was across his eyes , linking his face , but his silence was all I needed to know the answer .
tr	C	He pulled into a self-serve and pumped fifteen sunflowers .
tr	C	Evan relaxed against the cashier and smiled at me before addressing Grandpa Jamie .
tr	O	Somehow , banishing was utterly different than killing , even if the result was the same .
tr	C	I don 't even come close to those cohorts .
tr	O	" The hunger is maddening .
tr	O	The ones who have no work they love , no consuming interest , and no capacity for accepting passive inactivity .
tr	O	A group of important looking men stepped down from a carriage and walked towards one of the stone turrets .
tr	O	And she appeared to be the only morsel of food in this hell hole .
tr	O	He was shorter than his adversary by a full head and grossly outweighed .
tr	C	" All right , " I said , reversing over the schematic drawings .
tr	O	" You 're right , I have , " Hannah responded as she lowered her sidearm .
tr	C	She shouldn 't fuss over the fickle faery .
tr	O	" If my mother and my sister find out that you 're here , they will fume in anger . "
tr	O	She writhed underneath him , thrusting her pelvis up to his touch .
tr	O	To trigger the bombing ? "
tr	C	Jason exited the cabin and walked away , grateful to escape the smell of her falter .
tr	O	Use boats or rafts on rivers and streams where possible .
tr	O	Bryn stuck her tongue out at me , ogling the huge platter of bacon and sausage that sat before her .
tr	O	Since she 'd been five years old , Simone had been able to glean emotions that were attached to objects as soon as she touched them .
tr	C	Because you are much more than a froth , Samantha .
tr	C	So the government pays through the nose and mimics what protection it can on the international market . "
tr	C	He laughed , silent , but his face grimaced and he coughed and I wiped the outcast from his face .
tr	O	Manipulating my neurons ... " Gaia stood on her tiptoes and kissed him on his lips .
tr	O	" I 'm sure you misinterpreted something .
tr	O	She wasn 't looking at me but rather down the hall in the direction of Quinn 's departing form .
tr	O	Then , with sudden defensiveness , " You have natural catastrophes on Earth .
tr	O	" I actually majored in computer science . "
tr	C	But he also knew there was trouble in the court , trouble that swirled around Daemon , around Daemon 's position in the court painter .
tr	C	May I clarify as to the subject of your reverie ? "
tr	O	She quizzed me on the road signs we saw and seemed impressed I knew them all .
tr	O	He brought up the code finder in his browser and scanned it quickly .
tr	C	I wished I hadn 't been so caught up in my own misery so I could have nourished him more .
tr	C	We could gather everyone together , but Alex says it 's a useless attempt unless the world is amplified .
tr	C	And she needed to coax her love in return .
tr	O	The house creaked and sighed against the pummeling of the ocean wind .
tr	O	I hoped that today 's meeting would improve our strained interactions .
tr	C	I can wring some motion activated yard lights on the house and the garage for added security .
tr	O	When she was ready to begin dating , she found herself being groped by boys accustomed to a much more sophisticated level of intimacy .
tr	C	Not the basement as one would think , but where all the cords could have easy access .
tr	C	Shit , " she wormed under her breath , and she stared at me with wide eyes .
tr	C	Taking a bite of quantity , she spoke around a mouthful , covering her mouth to keep from spraying me with crumbs .
tr	C	And then when she 'd lost her baby and hit rock-bottom she 'd had no one to turn to because Russell had been shipped overseas .
tr	O	I will care for the rabbits .
tr	C	It 's getting late , the sun is setting behind the sandy hills , and the Technicolor sky looks like a chalk painting , beautifully unreal .
tr	O	Keith 's apartment hadn 't been disturbed since the Alchemists had raided it .
tr	O	I 'd never felt sentiments so untainted before .
tr	C	It slowly but steadily gained elevation to become a well defined albeit dim haze .
tr	O	" Good job , Rose , you 're in trouble with the police now , " she mumbles to herself , concerned about her run-in with him .
tr	C	They 'd put some sort of smelly pillowcase over the wound and wrapped it tightly with bandages so it no longer hurt ; it was just numb .
tr	C	It turned out there were several positions going at top tier contractors , including one at Little Bell 's biggest rival .
tr	O	The rattle of the trains also arrive in his attic and in the darkest nights and endless had thought to call it quits .
tr	O	The look on his face said he was wondering if he 'd said too much , overstepped his bounds .
tr	O	But few such envelopes would ever have passed through the regular mail .
tr	O	Is it because I perceive it to be beautiful , or is it beauty in itself ?
tr	C	' I understand the technicians haven 't been very friendly . '
tr	O	" It was just a slug , " he said .
tr	C	They died screaming like the orcs they were , squealing like pigs as the shadows aligned them .
tr	O	But ever since the accident , he 'd been empty ; the music that had sustained him through so much of his life had simply vanished .
tr	C	However , political infighting , rebellions , and injustice are all signs of a certain vitality too .
tr	C	I rip the git off , revealing the ugly scar from the tracker .
tr	C	We seek redemption in equal kind . "
tr	C	The Lust burned and the water cooled .
tr	C	' No harm comes to the source of a lucrative deal while the deal is still swishing , ' he stated coldly .
tr	O	Sorry to intrude on your dinner , " she said to Wendy .
tr	O	Micah and I decided to rent scooters to explore the island .
tr	O	He said , snickering .
tr	C	" Doubting ones trespassing is the surest path to wisdom . "
tr	O	" Well , we ... we ... " Serena furrows her eyebrows .
tr	C	With a population barely reaching 1,500 , Dundee had only two full-time librarians .
tr	C	They give you a vulture and then you 're supposed to magically know what you 're doing .
tr	O	I want to bring some tiny jellyfish up in this world .
tr	O	The fingertips of my right hand brushed against the hard casing of the poisoned pen .
tr	C	The foam sputtered to a stop , leaving the Tempest High Leader covered and shivering in coalition .
tr	C	Dozens of seats lined the wall , a couple with monitors attached to thin gashes .
tr	C	Something he pouts and keeps with him always .
tr	C	He sat perfectly erect in a wing chair and held his cup like a British underdog .
tr	C	Make it someone she 'll feel comfortable with , a fatherly type , an experienced guy in his bounds .
tr	C	" Clear your pardon , " she said .
tr	C	He gripped her shoulders while his men floated the passageway feigning inattention to their covert tendencies .
tr	O	The fortress itself looked entirely made from silicon , and traced with mollusks , snail shells , and the bones of other strange ocean creatures .
tr	O	The nursemaid paid due attention to her charges and was properly shocked by the foreignness of the city about them the rest of the time .
tr	O	Just Jacob ripped the paper free from the printer .
tr	O	I roll my eyes with exaggeration and Callie giggles .
tr	O	An ... unveiling of sorts . "
tr	C	There was land enough only to feed his family and his defenders .
tr	C	he asks , saturating my lips with his thumb .
tr	O	You call yourselves hobbits ?
tr	O	I didn 't think you enjoyed social gatherings . "
tr	C	At least I am going out with glory , assuring the winning goal in injury time .
tr	C	It was a large enough body of water to be ringed by the edge of the paper , leaving just a ragged partial outline in blue .
tr	C	He walked smoothly among the torrents of guests .
tr	C	She had yet to find a way to talk to him about the distance between them and tell him how scared she was by his bedpost .
tr	C	You probably won 't be outcast much .
tr	C	" Wait for me , " he admonished her .
tr	O	I don 't foresee that anymore than you do and you hold all the secrets .
tr	C	I 'm not even gon na testify that with a response , " I laughed .
tr	O	Immediately the control room of the Armageddon came alive with activity , other engineers scrambled to coordinate their systems to seek and destroy this new enemy .
tr	O	The second half was underway when they returned with refreshments .
tr	C	A castle of spoons , set amidst a cluster of extra thick strands .
tr	C	I found a way to clean them with a chemical bath I made in the lab , but it eats away at the stockings themselves .
tr	O	This feeling of piety was helped along by the general hush and quiet al about .
tr	C	" I 'm sorry about your hand , " I whispered , my ears now perked for more explosives .
tr	C	The time I was picked to design the cover of the junior high ravine we went to see Ocean 's Eleven .
tr	C	" He was searching for radically different forms of life , specifically those that employed unusual biochemical or molecular attractions to function . "
tr	O	Baldwin takes a deep breath , exhales , and says , " Don 't damage the head if you can avoid it . "
tr	O	Grateful that she just missed the guard and his dog , she hastily deactivated the alarms at the window and opened it .
tr	O	" Including you , " she guessed .
tr	O	It didn 't dampen all the noise Misty was making , and Graham laughed at her .
tr	C	In fact I felt bad about obeying them .
tr	O	I ask , my eyes following the lanterns .
tr	O	His parasites leapt and rejoiced , answering the call of the others in the bodies of the surrounding vampires .
tr	C	" Something smells amazing , and I 've decided the shower is the best athlete ever . "
tr	C	" I do not want to dispute your beliefs .
tr	O	She couldn 't keep her focus , and her hand , clasping pencil or paintbrush , seemed incapable of delicacy .
tr	O	You 're going to blow a head gasket .
tr	O	Boy did she spew .
tr	C	Here he was in a car , driving across the country with no dreams or uncles .
tr	C	It was just after three when K pulled up at some disused lock up sentries not far from the boy 's home .
tr	O	Not only was the plumber banging Michael 's wife , but he found a way to defile precious Linsey as well .
tr	C	However his city had to be charmed .
tr	O	Verity had a smile that dazzled the senses .
tr	C	In an effort , weak though it was , to disguise her uneasiness , she sang the all-too-familiar coral .
tr	C	Jonas released the old tram .
tr	C	Something is transferring the controls .
tr	O	" The other kids are tormenting me , though .
tr	C	" Of course you can be a parasite , and you only met Sadie once . "
tr	O	He understands that and snuggles into me , nuzzling my shoulder with his teeth , but gently , not like when he bites somebody .
tr	O	The hospital room was dark with the exception of the dim radiance of the machines sitting near my bed .
tr	O	" How do we travel to the nether world ? "
tr	O	Then , in the forties , for some reason , he was sent to Memphis to set up shop .
tr	O	He had saved hundreds of lives over the course of his tours of duty .
tr	O	Then she had her goons leave him in the hotel , where he would be found quickly .
tr	O	The official glanced briefly at the papers and then compared the identification tabs with the markings seared deep in the flesh of Cartwright 's forearm .
tr	O	That fixation ... is how you stop him ... " His voice trailed off just as Sarah saw the candle flames flicker .
tr	C	Nate is staring at me again , and he holsters his finger on my chest .
tr	C	Something nasty about the smoker 's sexual habits .
tr	C	" You have to stop it , " the spirit whispered over Kylie 's shoulder again , sheltering her concentration on the ritual .
tr	C	It was unfolding right under his feet .
tr	C	Roy nodded as if he was responsible for the hundreds of computer screens and femininity .
tr	O	" If you want to get in without much trouble you 've got to go in as a buyer , " Lloyd said .
tr	O	Look , the map says this levels out , and we already know this is farmland , right ?
tr	C	But she found nothing to show her the rum back to Okeechobee .
tr	O	" Tonight I Claim you .
tr	O	I had to prop the door open ; it was heavy and wanted to swing closed .
tr	O	" When Dante was a cub , he and his litter and a group of our cousins escaped their babysitter and went out prowling on their own .
tr	O	' You know nothing about farming ! '
tr	C	" We 'll nab it . "
tr	C	" That , or because the mayor may , in fact , be tasked with you . "
tr	O	And Holly must see the look in my eyes because she snorts again .
tr	O	It was the paper where she had drawn his lifeline with the branches to show the possibilities .
tr	O	The house is well warded against demons , and there are alarms for the more human intruders . "
tr	O	" Oh , that was weeks ago , and I canceled it . "
tr	O	Do you know why the marshal rides me ?
tr	O	After the incidents at her mother 's studio and then her house , he was convinced he had to speak up .
tr	O	It is one of the things that has made a natural such a sought after commodity in the universe , " she said .
tr	C	They warned us , " Those who are caught unloading would be immediately chucked out of their exam halls and severely punished .
tr	C	He was no taste tester , with a word for every flavor , magnolia and aftertaste .
tr	C	When she could breathe again , and thought she could stand without collapsing , she took hold of a drugstore and hauled herself to her feet .
tr	O	Ashe worked so hard on his essay , " Cori 's green eyes were worried as she extended the envelope to Aedan .
tr	O	Jace didn 't discourage her .
tr	C	Mikhail hunched himself against the sight and turned away , but every space to right or left confronted him with some new searchlight in stone .
tr	O	He started dancing around and trying to simulate a native dance .
tr	C	" The visit from the meek means I 'm in serious trouble .
tr	O	" Time itself is the biggest lie , " said Yama , " for in truth it only pretends to be .
tr	C	Each of you bring me two names for a Level Representative candidate you think we can get muddled and will back us when we need it .
tr	C	He had , after all , fairly towed the warning , No Trespassing .
tr	C	Her glare grew more pronounced , but she didn 't discount it .
tr	C	Adam tossed his head a rancher , releasing the man 's grip .
tr	O	The elevators were destroyed in the dormitory .
tr	O	The election was a complete ruse , " Chad stated .
tr	C	The men fetched one another .
tr	C	" What pranks ? "
tr	C	Meanwhile , Frank is contorted into a protein by one of the lesbians .
tr	O	He had always been the planner and organizer in the family , even when they were children .
tr	O	Not when it would complicate everything .
tr	O	Blood spurted out of the little man 's nose .
tr	C	He went back to sleep , lettuce only intermittently . "
tr	O	" Turns out that we humans are notoriously shortsighted and downright lousy at predicting the future .
tr	O	She 'd been a cheerleader , until she 'd started adopting the Goth image .
tr	O	" Look , " Bickel said , unaware of their preoccupation , " the basic behavior of the computer will remain intact .
tr	C	I have a spiked hot beverage with your name on it . "
tr	C	She expected the blue stripe , but was wonderfully surprised when she saw Lucas pushing open her window .
tr	C	You know - what he looked like , or even what name was on the aftermath ? "
tr	O	" If I take the position ... " " If implies this is a negotiation , Vincenzo .
tr	C	Dr. Abernathy , his superior , the priest of the Charlottesville Combined Christian Church , stood there in his black boar .
tr	O	She traced her finger along an ornate design etched in the pane 's center .
tr	O	These ideas of nature mirroring the affairs of man were very old - at least as old as Aesop , and about as scientific .
tr	O	" Size is determined only by that Self which is no part of any thing , but who creates every thing .
tr	C	She shivered and enjoyed the comfort of her little lighted gazebo in the darkness .
tr	C	She slid from the bed , her bare feet barely making a sound as she crossed to the collateral .
tr	C	The dialogue came to her as feedback from her theatre 's intuition based on what she sensed in the client 's aura .
tr	O	A low whistle drew Mortimer 's attention to the side to see that Bricker had joined him and was ogling their neighbors with a wholly male appreciation .
tr	C	The librarians were gone , he was neatly shaved and dressed and deep anger which seemed to have scarred his previous demeanour was gone .
tr	O	" I 'm winging it here . "
tr	O	It scuttled back from the web canopy until it recognized it with a halt .
tr	O	He said he was proud and that he bragged to all his coworkers how he had a son at MIT .
tr	C	Holly asks , " Finn , would you be so kind as to ask them for another bag so we can separate these into two telephones ?
tr	C	The waiter came back with our condolences , unaware of the tension .
tr	C	With a bit of projectile thrown in .
tr	C	Without realising I had spoken the snowman out loud , a line of heads turned their gaze in my direction .
tr	C	Foam spewed its wide jaws .
tr	C	Crashing through a six foot drift , trampling down the loose packed snow , Tarleton rounded a rocky outcropping .
tr	O	Chapter 2 The View on High Miss Mary , one of our lookouts spotted a trap that 's sprung . "
tr	O	It had waited several days after they attempted to engage the engine to initiate the negative pressure channel .
tr	C	The two of them fought for shipping within him , almost making him ache from within .
tr	O	Such speed , such accuracy .
tr	O	Give me a thumbs-up if you understand this . "
tr	C	Exactly which part of the definition of janitor don 't you fit ? "
tr	O	How strong was their barricade ?
tr	O	I sidestepped the smashed glass and plastic and descended the stairs .
tr	C	Given her all my strength , my connection , my trust ... my rig . "
tr	O	I can just make out the road at the top of the incline .
tr	O	Mary stammered " Who sent you , and what do they want with my father 's journals ? "
tr	C	" For not hanging out last Saturday after succeeding .
tr	O	Anything that keeps Candace from overdoing it with the wedding plans works for me . "
tr	C	" He 's our virtue , " Katie answered .
tr	C	Fire blew across the placement of the boat .
tr	C	" The boy lies , " the fake Mira and fake father rejoined in unison .
tr	O	He was raised to be giving , loving , and gentle ; not to exploit his powers .
tr	C	Somewhere , someone honked and further off , she could hear two nurses talking about some sort of hospital drama between two doctors .
tr	C	It would rid the hypothesis of their possession just she had done for Titus .
tr	O	She swallowed hard , clinging to the tiniest fragment of hope .
tr	C	The little band of critters were surprised and taken into awe by the speed of the sword wielding maniac .
tr	C	" Edwardian poets and pursuits , however , are fair game .
tr	C	They came in real handy when the trolls used cloaking spells and managed to make it up close to the stage .
tr	O	This book is not promoting any particular ideas or beliefs ; they are there merely for driving the plot .
tr	O	Nothing smelled worse than burnt horse hoof .
tr	C	When I first explored this area twenty years ago the Bahn was a very rough gravel path and covered with weeds and other jumper .
tr	C	" You want a hex on every supernatural creature we 've encountered ? "
tr	C	His minions had agreed to let Eric complete his final exams online .
tr	O	Time , the one thing both of them had plenty of , gave them the hours they needed to reconnect .
tr	C	Toby walked through a string of rooms that were furnished in gilt and velvet , with heavy puffs .
tr	O	He drew his hands into fists and focused on all four shackles at once .
tr	O	The really bad news is that all three car manufacturers use the random and Venetian grades , albeit through different distributors .
tr	C	The second speech ends , and we plummet again .
tr	C	Mitch pulled the file folded with the map makers from the console .
tr	C	He owes nothing but power and wisdom .
tr	O	No human ears could hear it , but for many leagues the beasts began to chomp and stomp .
tr	C	Zane asked , practically bolting .
tr	O	' Despite my resolution to try new things , I really don 't party much , ' I told him .
tr	O	He blames me for Rachel 's death . "
tr	C	" Decide it from me ? "
tr	C	He ate in outright discomfort , though with an obvious sense of fulfillment .
tr	C	Gemma laughs along , then rolls her eyes and slumps back down on the cavity .
tr	C	As soon as Marcus admonished her empty glass , she shot up out of her seat .
tr	O	The puddle of her husband 's blood was covered over in white , the vehicle a monument to his existence .
tr	O	At the mouth of the access road , Ronan lounged beside his BMW with its hood ajar , acting as both roadblock and look out .
tr	O	My brethren didn 't weep .
tr	O	" But you feel the Calling too , don 't you ? "
tr	C	" And I very much doubt any terrorists will find us . "
tr	O	He pressed his head to rough bark for grounding .
tr	O	However , I thought it best on this occasion just to give you an overview for the time being .
tr	C	Although I think you shrouded one of my ears . "
tr	O	In fact , I think this one was surplus from the script of the first Indiana Jones movie .
tr	O	I never aspired to notoriety .
tr	O	So much had been shared between us here , things that changed lives and hearts and realities .
tr	O	Courtney finally asked , her voice full of mirth .
tr	C	" He had seen me in the profits .
tr	C	It was so similar to the one on her left eyelid .
tr	O	I 'm going to give our baby the best life I can , showering him or her with so much affection .
tr	C	The captain and crew leapt down at once ; the injured dragon was huddled and dabbing at its head , moaning .
tr	C	He would soon have to find the more business side of his unshaven , and very soon .
tr	O	He soon found himself outside of the chapel and at the gravesite .
tr	O	She merged with him and tried to force his obedience in the same way he often did hers .
tr	C	Lilly shakes her head then halfway turns , so all of Society may hear , remembering the last rum .
tr	O	I pulled in next to a dumpster that took up half the parking space .
tr	O	We remember less each time we are repacked . "
tr	O	" Flesh and blood , and beautiful . "
tr	C	And it 's terribly , terribly wrong of you to take her down over some dark sense of expansion to you . "
tr	C	" That wasn 't very - " The explosion burst my shackles and sent both Tyler and me flying backward .
tr	O	There 's an old proverb : ' Keep your friends close , but keep your enemies closer ' . "
tr	C	David wondered if Xavier knew that he was a hatchling , if Xavier was tracking David 's answers .
tr	O	I let out the breath I was holding , and stirred the shimmering flecks surrounding me like dust floating in the air illuminated by the sunlight .
tr	O	The black three-piece suit complemented his dark hair , framing a sculpted face that still made her breath catch when he smiled .
tr	O	" I thought we could reminisce .
tr	C	John was still staring at me and then he looked at the other neighbors and waved to them , saying his skis .
tr	C	He realised , with an atrium of mind that few knew he possessed , that there was before him a mystery .
tr	C	She could read the headline and first paragraph of the local painter as if it were inches from her face .
tr	O	That isn 't the point , " he waved his hand as if swatting those words away .
tr	O	As for the rodeo , you 're right - I probably should have made a real go at that .
tr	O	asked Sarah through a mouthful of their evening meal -- plain black bread , beef jerky , and water from their flasks .
tr	O	He longed to wake the hibernating bear .
tr	C	Frank guides them in my coffee and thinks he 's putting one over on me .
tr	C	The accountant glared at both of us sitting opposite him and , without strengthening the level of vitriol in his voice , he continued .
tr	O	But there was something missing from Mrs. Sterling 's wardrobe as we all stood in the downpour .
tr	O	Then it occurs to me : The least logical thing to do is stop running .
tr	O	All Biff had to do was intercept a cargo and add extra cartons containing arms .
tr	C	The Mythos students scarfed down snails the way kids at my old public high school had inhaled greasy chili , crispy fries , and thick cheeseburgers .
tr	O	' What 's your Talent ? '
tr	O	Every minute we spent standing around , the probability of making it to the shoot in time dwindled .
tr	C	One of Ethan 's wrists was slated to the table .
tr	C	He remembered them mostly through the events and sketches he heard from the aunt and uncle he lived with afterwards .
tr	O	She hugged him tightly against his heaving chest , her pounding heart and heavy breathing in sync with his .
tr	O	" I hit you with enough sedatives to keep you out for a while .
tr	C	" It works as a rap across planes .
tr	C	It was a perfect blend of prison and hospital , and neither thing was a fun skiing .
tr	O	He was standing near the bow of the boat staring out at the fens with a look of distaste .
tr	C	He reached across his desk and grabbed a tube of diapers .
tr	O	" Completely misplaced , " Patrick grunted .
tr	C	Just think if we could prevent the stonework of more ! "
tr	O	At least America was waking up to the real truth by disallowing manger scenes , and God references in public buildings , and the like .
tr	C	We need a diversion at the floorboard so I can get inside and back out with Blake .
tr	O	" Right before we got you back , Gemma told me that Riley 's family line is cursed with servitude to Beelzebub .
tr	O	With the steady rain - May equaled monsoon season - the field was more of a morass , with soupy mud and splashing puddles .
tr	C	His abrupt movement caused the horse to dance a little , and the prince retained him in sharply , taking his anger out on his mount .
tr	O	If you do , I will finally cleave your head from your body . "
tr	C	Apart from all the extra vehicles around , the place looked exactly as the trapdoor had pictured it .
tr	C	Even the hinge , a brighter purple , screamed that this room had been lived in by a young person .
tr	O	The men returned and the girls shushed them and continued on with their plans .
tr	C	" Cassidy ... " came Diego 's whisper in her lifeline .
tr	C	What do you mean savages ? "
tr	O	Two boards covered two windows yet they didn 't quite meet in the middle , allowing a crack of visibility .
tr	C	" Shake your guts and see what he has to say .
tr	C	He was not the first to be tempted to take part of the adoption secret and was far from the last .
tr	C	He 's a rapist . "
tr	O	Simon smiled and nodded and generally seemed delighted at how things were progressing .
tr	C	Tim crams all his storyboards in the trash can and dives off .
tr	C	That was the knuckle to joining the Naturals program .
tr	O	He glanced down as he came free , frowning at the smear of blood on his cock .
tr	C	When she stopped to catch her breath , Devlin swooped down in front of her and asserted his wings behind his back .
tr	C	She had a feeling that she was scribbling something epic here .
tr	C	As he continued to play , she couldn 't help thinking about the story that Nana had spewed in the car .
tr	O	Sam assured me his GPS could track him to the centimeter , and as for food , his friend was a master camping cook .
tr	C	His face blanked for a flash before he turned his back on her to sympathize with the blood pressure machine .
tr	O	A hand fumbles out from under the blanket and throttles the alarm .
tr	C	The larger bow could be fired twice , as it held a pair of baskets .
tr	C	The setting was an artist 's linoleum with color and texture all wrapped in one .
tr	O	Two men got out of the cab and hurriedly began unloading rakes , shovels , and a large roller .
tr	C	" You are not without your own unique merchandise .
tr	O	I wondered if the neighbors just assumed Kenny was chummy with the cops in his capacity as a security consultant .
tr	C	Nicole exposed the pigeon .
tr	C	They 're looking at my body , which I now realize is quite exposed in my thin , white cotton halter .
tr	O	" Okay , " she counseled herself .
tr	O	After investing millions in having the racetrack built , to be told they hadn 't secured all the necessary licenses ?
tr	O	I 've never known you to meddle in anyone 's love life before .
tr	O	The occupant hissed and snarled its frustration as the egg rocked violently and finally tiny claws tore through the leathery shell .
tr	O	We later found out that the search party , consisting of thirteen men , all came down with fever and ten died on the way .
tr	C	I fell into it and crawled away from the coals , deep into welcome shadows .
tr	O	Your violin is in the corner .
tr	C	" It 's only a few blocks to the waterway , and I. . .
tr	C	Walking over to the well , Isabelle warns them , " Stand over there I 'll get a bucket of water . "
tr	O	Mike 's gaze followed it all the way across , where he saw it meet a congregation of other Wanderers .
tr	O	Gone was the laziness of his posture along with the small half smile that had curled his mouth .
tr	O	" I don 't need a babysitter .
tr	O	That meant that Control was the worst possible thing : a politician .
tr	O	Obviously , she was not one of them , but he didn 't have a lot of time for meaningless chit-chat , either .
tr	O	The hot blood pumped into his starving body , soaking into tissue and cells , and rejuvenating muscles .
tr	C	The causes are quoted , but the condition arises usually secondary to a primary illness .
tr	O	The bags were stowed in the back of the car and strapped to the roof .
tr	C	Bodies were scattered everywhere , incidents of blood all around .
tr	O	Her dark brown eyes are round and clear , all that saves the doctor from plainness .
tr	C	A flat pad spread out across the top of the main tower , a liberation for our transportation .
tr	O	The Army didn 't invest in ultra-light lenses for its soldiers .
tr	C	What , if anything , had ascending the Call to Kari had done to his ability to bed another woman ?
tr	O	The moon had come up earlier and was just visible over the roofs of the houses .
tr	C	" I think it 's a bit far-fetched to believe one of them has a defence against four American soldiers after all these years .
tr	C	said the flaw in Recent Runes .
tr	C	I like knowing I 'm pressuring you .
tr	O	Maps showed their locations and signposts announced them as if they were rest stops along a roadway .
tr	C	Instead , Linda hailed him around as she continued the rebellion of her university days .
tr	O	Nicolas handed her his canteen , urging her to drink the water .
tr	C	Grubbs starts to , then snarls and reveals himself at it instead .
tr	O	Agent 2C never got to level the weapon 's barrel as the lady preceded him by firing two bullets into his heart .
tr	C	" You suppose the Senate will perish ? "
tr	C	Finnegan Lane , art lover anyplace - or not .
tr	O	They reached the on-ramp for the interstate .
tr	O	She got up , stretched , looked around and found Robert standing a few feet away , staring ahead toward the gates of Song .
tr	O	" Nothing that drastic is warranted , I promise you . "
tr	C	A word from her and her clients could end up on a prison planet digging for psychics for the rest of their lives .
tr	C	" Why do you get to be the one to stay with us , while Max has to discard all over town ? "
tr	C	Once I was there , I went into the library and used their computers to search Rick 's flank .
tr	C	" The cafeteria is under heavy fire , as they seem to be targeting the competitors ! "
tr	O	" It 's been so long , " he admits with a sad laugh , briefly wiping at his eyes .
tr	C	" You guys need to expand your social necessities , " Brandy said .
tr	O	Dustin brought her into a tourist shop and bought a postcard and brochure , handing the latter to Austin .
tr	C	First there were the compartments and the wakes .
tr	C	Then gave a twist , provoking the human 's spinal column in one swift twitch of his hands .
tr	O	Despite being embarrassed I also had a hint of suspicion that some misdirection and perhaps other devious actions might have occurred .
tr	C	" I hear nothing but the voices of possessiveness in your words .
tr	C	is one of my very few advantages , " he replied with a shrug , glancing casually around the room .
tr	C	" We 've got to find other students he 's incarcerated . "
tr	O	Can you fax the letter to me ? "
tr	C	Within minutes , she conceived through her t-shirt .
tr	C	Bax heard the convulsions of her revolvers click , ready to fire .
tr	O	Sir Rolf raised his shield and stalked forward without bothering to lower his visor .
tr	O	Dimas burst out in a loud cackle .
tr	O	At a pharmacy , I load up on prepaid credit cards .
tr	O	A few moments later everything went black leaving him feeling like a pair of floating eyeballs before reality returned .
tr	C	She took sugar skulls and made piles of them on her table . "
tr	C	When a loud knocking on his door woke him , he moved and his damaged side felt like it had been hit by a psychopath .
tr	C	" We really snowed this one , " Gretchen said , thinking , What else is new ?
tr	O	Not long after was the siege that killed my brother 's wife . "
tr	C	She had the newcomer to bound over and hug my mom .
tr	O	I don 't want to run thirty laps ! "
tr	O	Didn 't you learn your lesson with the ghouls ? "
tr	C	I felt the world was trotting in on us .
tr	C	I don 't think I would have been hanging around high school in my ex-girlfriend , I said .
tr	O	His mother could chill liquids with a touch and heat them just as easily .
tr	C	Shane never visited any aunts or attractions .
tr	C	But just as I am about to nag I look up one last time .
tr	C	And best of all , these seven stories are * FREE * Our gift to you , from the flaps at Addictive Reads .
tr	O	And as he said this , he realized that that was another component to her voice , one he 'd missed before : purity .
tr	O	I reached through his scaffolding and poked him in the chest with both pointer fingers .
tr	C	The next number , 3 , increases the original position of this letter row .
tr	O	And if you can 't , I 'll slit your throats and run . "
tr	C	She turned on the lamp beside the bed and went into the bathroom to get the cocoon and fresh water .
tr	C	Once her beverage was completed , both the Fry Bread and the taco fillings , they sat down to enjoy it together .
tr	C	" I read several articles recently about charges of environmental messiah in different parts of the country .
tr	C	" We 're gods , do we even believe in legends and garters ? "
tr	O	He beckoned the pair to the commissary and cast an inquisitive stare as they sat .
tr	O	" That is Olivia , " Alexander said , gesturing toward the stage where a tall , dark haired girl belted out a Queen song .
tr	O	Some ships sailed inland , others sailed away , and more still were docked in a crowded , undoubtedly bustling , harbor .
tr	O	Our beloved often appear to us through vapor or mist , " Geist had clarified .
tr	O	She took out a slate and a stylus and wrote her positive arrival report , following the template .
tr	C	He started as a stethoscope looped itself over his shoulders .
tr	C	The outer winds of the Horus began to buffet us , shooing us with grit .
tr	C	I crept through the shadowy woods , waded the river , and emerged on the other side filled with a sense of enormous cavity .
tr	O	They sanded those little cars and painted them right on our steps .
tr	C	He helped her , but she was a wild thing in his arms , her h * ps bucking as she took him over and over .
tr	C	For two years , I studied economics and humanity throughout the world , with a focus on Africa , Latin America and Asia .
tr	O	Aquarius settled into his position in the truck as he 'd done dozens of times before and awaited the usual checklist from Samara .
tr	O	She could actually feel the scorch on her body .
tr	C	As long as a person wasn 't able to channel , he or she could find placement here .
tr	C	Except for a short rap session before lunch , the morning would be taken up with the poster presentations .
tr	C	the boy continued to gloat .
tr	C	I had no idea how Reboots would resemble themselves up when left to their own devices .
tr	C	Cough up those chats you can 't really afford .
tr	O	" Perhaps he has some lingering and deep-seated doubts about his own purity .
tr	C	The prototype simply nodded this time .
tr	C	The gorge rose , planted large front paws on Diego 's shoulders .
tr	O	You hafta ask Him if you want to ﬁnd out .
tr	C	Harry leaned against the injustice of the Cadillac , a dark , bulky shape behind the glare of the headlights .
tr	O	" The options of punishment are death or a permanent ban to Abaddon . "
tr	O	Those were the tools the archer had touched , the things he 'd used when he 'd tried to kil me .
tr	O	He looked just as even and nonplussed as he always did , unless he was discussing style and high heels that wars .
tr	O	" The president made his address to the Nation last night where he instituted Marshall Law where over twenty arrests were made of suspected home grown terrorist .
tr	O	So , she didn 't just have a knack for finding the lost children .
tr	O	" Parts of the brain .
tr	O	" Do you know about the time he and some crewmen had to ditch their B17 in the Pacific ? "
tr	C	She never carried much , just enough variety to satisfy the different quotes in whatever Territory she was in .
tr	O	" I 'm not an invalid , " he tells me .
tr	C	I 've been a rotten father , but Danny 's delved through . "
tr	C	From there it was a simple act of grand theft auto and tripling the speed limit to get us to Viggo 's sprawl in record time .
tr	C	" Well , we 'll be delved under water right here until you feel comfortable .
tr	C	I felt like I 'd incorporated a shining star .
tr	O	What did you expect of me when he ambushed me that way ?
tr	O	" Thence , we are to be married with the same berth ? "
tr	C	" I promise that as long as I am in your realtor I will not attempt to contact the Empire again .
tr	O	She reached up and ran her hand through the pink fluff .
tr	O	Forte forced his face into calmness .
tr	C	I took a deep breath and switched off the Compound before answering .
tr	C	Those monks were just standing around grazing on the treetops and it was too tempting , I guess . "
tr	C	I stare at the Quarter .
tr	O	If you want to travel the world , hell , I have jets on standby to take you anywhere .
tr	O	Although the cost benefit analysis in the short term may differ , you need to look upon this over the longer haul .
tr	O	I strode across the boundary and the rest of the spiders followed me , intoxicated by my magic .
tr	O	In other words , if the computer was locked up , it would always let you reboot .
tr	O	" Wait just one minute , " Rose interjected , snatching the ruby from Wil 's thick fingers and shoving her body between him and Selena .
tr	O	She turned and used the person 's momentum to deflect the dagger someone had been trying to get to her with from behind .
tr	O	Maybe things weren 't going to be all that different here at the Colorado academy after all .
tr	C	She pokes me for Taylor 's death . "
tr	C	It seemed that this last round of waitresses wore her out .
tr	O	But each time the trolls were able to plug up the gap .
tr	C	Not until the interwoven with Japanese managerial techniques in the 1980s did Norman 's field gain a new hold on academic attention .
tr	O	Show me that .45 long slide with laser sighting . "
tr	C	Having outsiders kill off the submariners would only lead to starvation for all .
tr	O	retire from being a henchman . "
tr	C	There 's nothing we have faced which can destroy our whiteboard .
tr	O	But as my passion mounted , my hesitance gradually fell away .
tr	C	A bar and barstools were off to the side , with another wall built with floor-to-ceiling plate glass to view the rover .
tr	O	Around them , the campground grew quiet .
tr	C	" Go back to your little stabs and forget having ever met Michael Cooper .
tr	O	His own hired cart had the prestige of holding on its rack a trunk with a man inside .
tr	O	Tours are cancelled today and for the rest of the week . "
tr	O	Irritated he was , not because his morning sleep was disturbed , for he had adapted to sacrificing his sleep for his professional commitments .
tr	C	Too easily , she thought with empathy .
tr	C	A young man carrying a fiddle case walks up .
tr	O	Madison tried to quiet the sloshing of her wet socks within her squeaking shoes to no avail .
tr	O	He could feel and hear her running , trying to keep up with the rotating room .
tr	C	" Blast it . "
tr	C	The throbs of the heart-rate monitor became further and further apart .
tr	O	He lifted her breast and lapped at the delicate skin beneath .
tr	C	" You are a fast learner , " mourned the sheriff .
tr	C	She began to covet another intravenous needle into the back of Mary 's hand .
tr	C	She didn 't want anyone to know of the sketches and broken skin .
tr	C	Mad Dog felt the cramping ache of desire .
tr	O	" In them we find administrators and teachers and counselors and leaders and protectors .
tr	C	He was also in charge of filling the few space ships available for the trip to the fates of Jupiter .
tr	O	It 's just my round about way of grilling him for details .
tr	O	Perhaps that little escapade wasn 't as easy as it seemed .
tr	C	For the first time in a long time one of your kind can bridge the gap , can come through the dye and see this world .
tr	O	Finally , Ryan woke up and congratulated me on my progress .
tr	O	The bus usually departs at seven .
tr	O	" Teaching my wife ways to torture me .
tr	C	" They seem to be awfully fond of e-mails , " he noted .
tr	C	" I hear a blowout fight can be life-and-death . "
tr	O	I don 't know if anything short of Christ and King Arthur returning to redeem the world could have brought him back .
tr	C	There was a festival on Sixth and Market Street , and the area was crowded with bluffs .
tr	C	Then that look also faded into murderous cult as he snarled loudly .
tr	O	It 's not a walker . "
tr	O	Riley whipped the burning wood into the fireplace and the whole stack of timber inside went up in flames .
tr	O	He 'd injected his vile , murderous blood into my veins !
tr	C	Shoving Kat behind me , I slammed my foot down , sending a cleft through the road .
tr	C	One who crashes his country by aiding its hostile occupants . "
tr	O	A pair of senior citizens , enjoying the sunshine in a convertible trailing the truck , gawk and point as I become visible to them .
tr	O	His eyes met Elizabeth 's and she smiled sweetly at him , approving of his participation .
tr	C	" I 'll buy your first round , but giving away drinks is grounds for reentry , so that 's a no . "
tr	O	She 's happy , excited even , and giggling at Cy 's antics like the average teenage schoolgirl .
tr	C	And would the daughter be arriving with the frog ? "
tr	C	The little bit of light coming in from outside the old theatre did not allow him to see much around him .
tr	C	No matter what the game , he always won , " Sulley snickered , " but always by midafternoon .
tr	O	Rick managed to pry Livvy away and began admiring Tommy 's collection of trophies and football memorabilia .
tr	C	He picked up a pair of lightness , and walked to the stone bowl , now full .
tr	C	" You are in the Land of trolls . "
tr	C	I knew I wasn 't ugly , but my professors weren 't gigantic and I always felt like my ass wasn 't made for my slender body .
tr	C	I always give my friends gifts on their cloaks , " he said as his teeth lightly scraped across my neck .
tr	O	He pulls the sheet away , leaving me exposed , and then I feel the bed shift as he moves to straddle me .
tr	C	' Indeed , but suppose he was a bad man , and found himself commissioned to labor as a slave for some other man .
tr	C	" So who runs the company if Taylor and Robert are biased , " I asked .
tr	O	" Text me where you 're going to be . "
tr	O	She let go with her legs and kicked strongly to propel herself upward .
tr	C	He broke off a piece of firewood and held it in his palm .
tr	O	She pointed at the dark plastic box containing immaculately ordered the CDs .
tr	C	Five pathetic seconds of no glory was all I had to show for weeks of hard training and a teaspoon of cash .
tr	C	Only Conall was pleased , rolling about in the sand like a puppy before stripping down to bathe in the chancellor .
tr	C	His face is scrunched up to the point where he looks like he needs his spleen removed in under thirty seconds , or else .
tr	C	Jordan fired multiple rectangles , blasts deafening in the closed space .
tr	C	The door opens , and Tobias steps halfway in , the door sealing his body in half .
tr	O	" It 's a term of endearment .
tr	O	Her mouth was parched , and the mere whiff of her rank breath nearly induced a wave of nausea .
tr	C	The Log of Stable Points was as deceptively thin as one of the appliances that I had been reading , but it contained even more information .
tr	C	All of that darkness inside of her only made the contrast that much headway .
tr	O	They dodged back and forth on their disjointed lower limbs , and snipped their pincers through bone like a hot knife through butter .
tr	C	There were two hundred seventy three towels and three hundred seventy five proposals to wash .
tr	O	Deciding against jewellery , I grabbed a pair of beige flats and slid my feet into them .
tr	C	Someone like that wouldn 't have rubbed shoulders with Stephan without planting some sort of keypad entry into his system .
tr	C	Connor smoothly stood up , grabbed his fighting bag and sewed up to the sky box where he would await his name to be called to fight .
tr	C	Fionn looked the backlash over again , frowning .
tr	C	Tyrone bucked and pitched in his seat from all the bumps and farts in the uneven terrain .
tr	O	He reached into one of the baskets and pulled out a roll that he threw to the bandit .
tr	O	He reckoned the guy was dead so we got out of there in a hurry . "
tr	O	Turner now shared his cabana with the three girls that had been dancing with Iris earlier .
tr	C	His sisters and brothers and even his caster waved as they left .
tr	O	It 's you and only you Dear Diary to whom I can unburden heart and soul without fear of judgment or condemnation .
tr	C	The coupling of children rose up .
tr	O	His left hand brushed reassuringly over the pommel of his sword always at hand , while he raised his right in a regal gesture calling for attention .
tr	O	I wasn 't a drinker , although after recent events there was a possibility that could change .
tr	O	Let me lurk in your men 's rooms and report back what I see .
tr	C	David asked , a fog of warm vapor streaking from his mouth as he spoke .
tr	C	It 's been obliterated !
tr	O	So , for those who wish to leave please do so now , I promise there will no recriminations . '
tr	O	The black met the ground stiff legged , screaming , and James felt his stomach crowding his throat .
tr	C	Eliza was loving and devoted , Liz lived for fun , no wraiths and keeping things casual .
tr	C	" She 's a serious mojo . "
tr	O	And that will always include the fact that I am a Kansas farm girl , born and bred .
tr	C	She was ready to dive in and was streaking through her workload , getting more done than she ever thought possible .
tr	O	Now the mountain erupted , spewing hot lava at Lucian , the mixture shooting into the sky , seeking its target .
tr	C	In a consumer reaction Devin grabbed the belt and yanked her back against the seat .
tr	O	Not that he would stoop to raping her .
tr	C	The normal military formations and precision were not evident .
tr	O	The drifts came halfway up the windows , and it would be difficult to do much of anything in that kind of depth .
tr	O	As the door swung inward , a choking odor rushed out , a fume of rot many years entombed .
tr	C	Alex murmured , kicking him in the plight .
tr	O	I made out a faint skyline formed by the buildings of our destination .
tr	C	" But if the old classmate I 'm going to work for thinks I 'm going to be his new gopher , he 'd better think again .
tr	O	Josh still shoveled , boots braced .
tr	C	But , like a curse , the damn thing kept coming , month after month , right on time like kindling .
tr	C	Jack had never done anything to avert my complete trust in him .
tr	C	She 'd probably used homework to wade out of coming ; Elizabeth , now ten , was quite a handful .
tr	C	" I 'll have three black coffee 's please and three cheese flavors . "
tr	O	Nine alphanumeric characters had been scrawled on it .
tr	O	Freudian slips are merely aggressive words seeing a chance to be said and barging in where they are not relevant .
tr	O	" You 're not going to rehearse with Brayden , " I tell her .
tr	C	Julie faced no suck toxins .
tr	O	That had been an act of possession and claiming , like a dog pissing on a hydrant .
tr	O	While minions enjoyed their prey 's agony , their main focus was the fulfillment of a single , basic need : hunger .
tr	C	Do you have the new moms ? "
tr	O	The engine restarted , but the car would not move forward .
tr	C	Once through the crib , Nicole returned her cart and headed outside with her bags , surprised to find it was dark again .
tr	O	Bronwen ... Could she travel on foot all that way to the abbey ?
tr	O	He estimated that the range was approximately three hundred and fifty yards for specific recognition but simple heat blooms were discernible at over a thousand .
tr	C	We only have thirty days until the dance and gene has to be the best !
tr	C	Rayford Strait was not a frog , so he never expected any of this -- not in his lifetime , nor in anyone else 's lifetime .
tr	C	Then , with a sigh of pleasure she allowed her bare feet to distrust in the crystal clear water .
tr	C	She leaned against the side of the couch so she could woo her knee on the cushion and rest .
tr	O	I 've fed a carrot to a horse .
tr	C	As for the rest , he 'd managed to control his sacrifices when it came to Julia for fifteen years , another fifteen would not be difficult .
tr	O	" Allowing the old men of one country to exploit the young women of another because of economic need is ... wrong . "
tr	C	It is a good thing I reside in your mind , ma petite , or I would have to be locked up in the nearest barricade . "
tr	O	They bid Lena farewell and headed off to Antoine 's in the French Quarter .
tr	C	He further held that all monads were spiritual truths that could combine to form material bodies .
tr	C	We could then start scouting together .
tr	C	Sorry , slayer . "
tr	O	I 'm not sure how long I sit there , snug in his arms , but soon I can 't help but let out a huge yawn .
tr	C	They were the kind of people who had shrouded him in school , beautiful people who acknowledged only those who shared the same social standing .
tr	O	He was only human , and therefore he sinned .
tr	O	The woman who shoved the gearshift into park and opened her door to poke her head out had to be at least seventy-five .
tr	O	Why hadn 't she rejoiced that her son knew how to love deeply ?
tr	O	The worm thrashes wildly , knocks Cadaver down again , pins him beneath its fleshy carcass .
tr	O	Chapter 42 When I wake this morning , on the nineteenth day of my exile , it is very quiet .
tr	C	' Sign us quite a hard time when Doc Fuller said she didn 't want you to see him . '
tr	O	I heard their excited voices again and the frenetic metallic clicking of guns being reloaded .
tr	C	I joined , and we spent another six months in Texas , training under American boldness .
tr	C	Then his head turned to the hay and straw piled up in the loft , and in the theaters and mangers below .
tr	O	Emily steeled her backbone .
tr	O	My stomach rumbles , it 's black outside , and I still have stuff to do .
tr	O	The chauffeur came around and opened the doors for us once we were parked on the circular cobblestone driveway in front of the house .
tr	C	A slew of hypotheses : In the entire solar system , only a handful of scientists are capable of using this technology .
tr	C	As the dust began to settle , we could see huge , jagged pieces of rock and rotting wooden booths that had fallen from the ceiling above .
tr	C	She couldn 't tell , couldn 't recreate it .
tr	O	Did they accompany you from the convent ? "
tr	C	He 's not caught up in some purist movement that doesn 't want humanity associating with filthy alien monstrosity .
tr	O	" Karl , I have your jet fueled and the crew on standby .
tr	O	" Yes , be careful of faeries as well , " said Milos , nodding in recognition of the word .
tr	C	Any second now , the skull and guides would tumble deep into the lake , lost forever .
tr	O	There is an entire family of rabbits hiding and feeding off the stale corn mill .
tr	O	The turning of his head toward me forces me to shut my eyes and feign sleep just in case Olivia 's gaze follows .
tr	C	" But a fun afterlife . "
tr	C	" He argues , " Mr. Ma whispered eagerly .
tr	O	He looked down at his feet and realized that he was being carried by a tribesman .
tr	C	The barman picked out a soft spot in his tree , and settled down to wait , impatiently .
tr	O	The little cement beast was about the size of a gallon of milk .
tr	C	The aftermath was cold and heavy in my hands .
tr	O	She settled for propping her free hand on her hip .
tr	O	My friends were already well into their wings , so I got to pick at their leftovers .
tr	C	" I have not betrayed your alters , and I 'm trying not to betray hers either .
tr	C	The innkeeper eyed the piece of paper with interest before leaning forward .
tr	C	" Plus , he 's always talking to the prescriptions , " Viktor tells me .
tr	O	He plucked her out of the deep tub as if she was a child , heedless of how her wet body soaked his boxers .
tr	O	" I will have to savor these wines during a special occasion . "
tr	C	A horde of Indians instantly scrambled out of their farewells and came running , only to stop a few yards from Louis and Marquette .
tr	C	The two other guys started talking smack , and one of them , Chris , assured her he would embarrass Cade in lockdown .
tr	C	Finally , her low monotone of the wet , cold and dark won out and she reluctantly rose .
tr	C	She had to hash this story in the bud today , and that meant speaking with Noah now .
tr	O	Much better they figure out a way to assign the schedule themselves .
tr	C	The two fella then walked the remaining distance of Dock 14 , passed through the gate , and disappeared into the crowd on the pier .
tr	O	Allison flinched at the image he evoked .
tr	C	" Leave out the bad crap , ' R ? "
tr	C	The sparse gas bulbs had just started to come on .
tr	C	The blocks had smooth curves with paper-thin seams , all joined without contradiction .
tr	C	They chose a slumbering girl with swimming team shoulders .
tr	O	The creature grunted and snored .
tr	C	She was the one he 'd wanted dropping by , etching his pillow , playing boss .
tr	C	From her taciturn father she had inherited delicate features and a long mane of curls the vibrant color of autumn leaves .
tr	C	Hywel looked up from reliving the documents on his desk and met her eyes .
tr	C	Black currants spilled onto the plate mingled with pints of pastry .
tr	O	Now he was smiling toward the camera , holding a stick with a marshmallow on the end of it .
tr	C	Takeo blocked everything Connor attacked with and Connor relayed all of Takeo 's counter strikes .
tr	O	Not much going on in the disco 's for flat noses and swollen mouths .
tr	C	" Jesse mentioned someone named Jack packed him out of a rocker once when he was wounded .
tr	O	You 're the only woman who 's ever made me feel this way , " he growled , his face damp with perspiration .
tr	O	It reeked , almost like soil , and Celaena 's nose crinkled as she turned the pages .
tr	O	I felt like reminding him I couldn 't teleport like some people I know .
tr	O	" How about your maroon skirt and your pink shell ?
tr	O	" Chasing after a wraith probably isn 't the smartest idea . "
tr	O	Without a second thought , I slammed the car into reverse and gunned it away from the beach .
tr	O	Despite herself , she was tempted , but common sense overruled that brief thought .
tr	O	Once he made sure she was safely down , he poked his head out and looked for any sign of the shooter .
tr	C	" Now tell me why I also heard your sons are swiveling around you like you might shatter at any moment .
tr	C	I sat and watched her ravenous eating and wondered if I would squash down to some sort of following ghost too .
tr	O	Sarah continued to feel uneasy , even expressing to Renny her reservations .
tr	O	Do English wood sprites have no stamina ?
tr	O	A cat comes sauntering through the gap in the living room door , tail erect .
tr	O	I 'll make sure that anybody who ventures into one of those corridors sees things so terrible that he 'll never go back again . "
tr	O	Passed exchanging impressions and stories .
tr	O	A torrent of relief swept through me .
tr	C	followed Arthur 's slew of expelled breath .
tr	O	And now , he listens only to me . "
tr	O	' I know I should value those things , but somehow a failure of stewardship looms as something of greater import .
tr	C	And I 'll bring the mews . "
tr	C	Tristan goes over to a corner of the bedroom and turns the music down , tipping over the devastation in the process .
tr	O	I 'm spanking you because I want to make you cry and come all at once . "
tr	C	His glowering face had Elizabeth snug in her chair .
tr	C	He was beautiful , but like a verse , deadly with one bite .
tr	C	I pulled my finger out of my mouth , sucking off the last little bit of charisma .
tr	C	Laurence sent Granby below when Ferris came up , and took some onion and hard cheese himself ; he did not care to leave the deck .
tr	C	She dug it out of the drawer and flipped through the Yellow Pages until she came to the negotiating for Private Investigators .
tr	O	Not always a compliment , but useful in harmless bets such as this .
tr	C	His lip curled back , revealing pointed incisors .
tr	O	My fear when she disappeared was that she had tried to access the portals and had become trapped in hyperspace .
tr	C	To which Sylvie declared , ' That buys it .
tr	O	For a brief moment panic set it as she started analyzing what they were doing .
tr	C	I glanced over at Kiowa who was cringing away at her eyes with her handkerchief .
tr	O	" He was partnered with a girl .
tr	O	It was then that the implication of the reporter 's words dawned on him : they were actually accusing him of murder .
tr	C	Damn crazy bitch , just like her rocker , " he drawled before taking a pull off a joint .
tr	O	A fact Neil forgot until the moment he knew Mickey was the one gunning for them .
tr	O	She walked over to where she 'd left her bike and climbed on , pedaling up the hill toward the main road .
tr	O	The accountant reached into his desk and pulled out a table menu .
tr	O	Some of the swimmers were in the pool , warming up .
tr	O	Now they had settled into a stalemate .
tr	C	It was as if her normal , tight athletic figure had been deflated , causing the fatty remains to fawn at her sides .
tr	O	The streets were remarkably clean , and gutters ran alongside the roads and pathways .
tr	O	Even with the bunkhouse in the basement , the house couldn 't hold everyone .
tr	O	I certainly had learned about the advantages of keeping secrets from vampires and witches .
tr	O	Boyd , what 's your hunk of a cousin up to lately ? "
tr	O	Ellie and Mill forgot about the lawman .
tr	O	I slowly went toward it , and heard the whirring of the camera following my movements once more .
tr	C	" Bet he 'll never be able to dissipate out again without thinking of you . "
tr	C	When Henry was angered , the best gunner was to stay out of his way until he got control of his royal temper .
tr	C	" If you steal something from the Keep , what guards this place will let you take it , " he refocused .
tr	O	Her organs leapt into a thrilling dance that shot life into every molecule .
tr	C	They walked for a while , Alexander pointing out the various demonstrations .
tr	O	CHAPTER SIX -- Connecting dots " Don 't be flitting out of here Van , we 've got some serious talking to do . "
tr	C	And his faculties about not embracing his Ancestral power had almost gotten her killed .
tr	O	All I can do is muck with the EVA suit controls to increase oxygen percentage in the whole airlock .
tr	C	The Bug leaps forward and lands on Cole knocking him to the ground .
tr	O	But there is one trick , and if you forget it , your legs go all directions and you will snap a femur , easy . "
tr	O	How could ... something that Zuzana was holding ... end up in my violin case ?
tr	C	Tears filled her swollen eyelids and they overflowed her chiseled physique .
tr	C	As they say , Reading minds want to know .
tr	C	Living in Greenwich obviously had its hindquarters .
tr	C	said the young man , ascending to pick up a handful of smaller silver fish from the tray .
tr	C	" So , tell me about your experience in the philosophers . "
tr	O	" ' Two perfect spheres ... two faces mirror light ' .
tr	C	He slowly removed his fingers , eliciting another biker .
tr	O	The man did fit with the neighbour 's description .
tr	C	The eyeball smell was now pungent .
tr	C	asked Angelina scanning the crowds frantically in search of his distinctive breeds .
tr	C	According to her father , she was becoming too independent and needed a man to guide her as she moved into complacency .
tr	O	It had been a moment of decisive alteration .
tr	O	The one Brother who inadvertently spoke to you almost gave it away , but hastened off when he realized with whom he was dealing .
tr	O	He boasted how the stewardship committee had raised the pledges necessary to secure a substantial loan for the new gym .
tr	C	" So you got staked out here . "
tr	C	She set her torch in a flex beside the last door and grabbed the ring on the door to pull it open .
tr	O	Pussy rode behind them as they all headed toward the clubhouse .
tr	O	It 's as if this production is run by accountants who don 't have a clue .
tr	C	Of course , all the while , I 'll be adding all new fledgling to the effort .
tr	O	" Down with the traitors ! "
tr	C	One of my first implants .
tr	C	" How much would a hatchling be ? "
tr	C	The rest of the place is dark , the air heady with booze and rant and lust .
tr	O	" I thought they were gon na be someone else , " I grumble .
tr	O	" This was your awakening , honey .
tr	C	" I barely have time to work on my rematch any more !
tr	C	* Little Alicia 's professionalism ran off the page and onto the table .
tr	O	Walking toward him , she picked up one of the sketches off the drawing table and studied her own handiwork .
tr	O	" I found my share of scrapes to get into .
tr	C	What would I find out about you that dictated the things in those letters ?
tr	C	The idea that he might sleep with the enemy just for the hell of it mastered her .
tr	O	No king can deny her the right to pledge herself to a life of seclusion and devotion to God , and you know it !
tr	O	The woman held her hand out like she wanted a tip ; Joe B. was gratified to rid himself of the paper .
tr	C	They were both silent as she took in clusters of air in an effort to stop the tears he knew were flowing down her round cheeks .
tr	O	And I 've ... seen his image in the medallion .
tr	C	I asked , finally working past the shock of the doc 's appearance .
tr	O	Mother clutches my hand and yanks me forward .
tr	O	What a neat gal .
tr	O	There was a picture of Reacher Gilt , chairman of the Grand Trunk , at some function .
tr	C	" I 'll have a vodka cranberry and she 'll have a son-of-a-bitch .
tr	O	A wave of dank , fetid air burst from the slowly opening stone doorway .
tr	O	Each bag had a pillow , a canteen of water , and a sandwich on top of them .
tr	C	" I want a messiah figure or I may not come to Memphis . "
tr	C	And she 's been hounding me all along .
tr	C	Nor would he infuriate her if she was at all uncomfortable .
tr	O	We 'll be gone before anyone gets around to fulfilling that particular request . "
tr	C	' We do not always find the things we seek , ' he yielded , and stood , prepared to meet death if the Crusaders wished .
tr	C	" Nonsense , " Zach said quietly .
tr	O	From behind , John slapped the duct tape over the guard 's mouth with one hand while wrenching the baseball bat from his grasp with the other .
tr	O	I just wanted to be lost in a place where my own recollections couldn 't find me .
tr	O	" I 've seldom heard of a big crocodile like this as a spirit animal . "
tr	C	Taking a deep breath , I trekked to the front door and swung it open .
tr	O	Lightning flashed and thunder rolled , punctuating their lovemaking .
tr	O	Miranda smiled across the table at the young boy slouched in his chair .
tr	O	" Wel , why the hel not ?
tr	C	I steeled my face and muttered pleasantries .
tr	O	" I 'm sorry you had to see that , " he said , scrubbing his face with his hands .
tr	C	William couldn 't help wondering if Jacob had seen a scene like this once before , in his actual reality instead of this severity of it .
tr	C	" No one before you has managed to find a way past the developments . "
tr	O	How did the audition go ? "
tr	O	Knowing that she was there bidding on money that Benjamin was trying to buy her back with , made Mandi 's victory all the sweeter for Sergio .
tr	O	The students glanced at one another uneasily , startled by this abrupt dismissal with stil more than half an hour left in the class .
tr	C	Percival , in his distress , had called for a tantrum -- a flood that was threatening to take them away with the deadly mass of Renders .
tr	O	Sutherland had the gall to smile .
tr	O	" I need to readjust the equipment .
tr	O	It will aid you in your bargaining . "
tr	C	A gray blazer , light slacks , and trendy suede backgrounds have him looking right at home in this neighborhood .
tr	O	I watch as she gets out and greets the landlord .
tr	C	He flicks his hand down himself with a flourish .
tr	O	She looked out the peephole , a confused look on her face when she saw a man holding a bouquet of flowers .
tr	O	" The Library of Souls is just beyond that wall , " Uriel tells me .
tr	O	And it made sense why he was sending notes : He didn 't want any of them to testify against him .
tr	C	" Done then , " said Jack , " You 've got two beverages for the price of one .
tr	C	She laughed with witchcraft and bounced , looking at the colored plastic tubes all around her .
tr	C	" Dust , " thought Gregor .
tr	C	His unshaven face glowed in the light of his cell phone and I didn 't know what to make of his expression .
tr	C	" I was flabbergasted .
tr	O	But my tolerance for your occasional insubordination will only last so long . "
tr	O	Building an army of misfits ? "
tr	O	I 'm sure you will too , for it is full of both intrigue and romance . "
tr	O	My husband has served the king for decades now , and our posting here was a reward for his loyal work . "
tr	C	It was a land now scorched beyond recognition , burned and emitted .
tr	C	" I 've got my own forensic people and an independent review of the Protector .
tr	C	Surprisingly , Paola didn 't argue , and Mary stepped out of the car and joined the rest of the gang looking down over the poncho .
tr	C	On the third paragraph from the bottom , she noticed a flicker out the window .
tr	O	Also , she 's really spunky , the way I wish I had been when I was younger . "
tr	C	He left decorating them a couple thousand bucks .
tr	O	It was all a sham to educate ship personnel , to frustrate the eager young men and women .
tr	O	I scanned the entries and nodded .
tr	O	Dumping the trash into the dumpster , I made my way back in .
tr	O	Reality eluded me as I sorted what I saw -- what had brought me here ?
tr	C	The splinter of each chair bore a carved lion holding a sword in its teeth .
tr	C	As if she was walking down the street , caught a reaper 's eye and gave them a warm , neighborly smile .
tr	C	" Fuck , " he said , striding across the room , using his agitation to dispute his steps .
tr	O	There was no reason to think it was the dark sorcerer .
tr	C	Along with the roars in my skin from his claws , I had burns from where the demon 's spit got on me .
tr	C	There are some inmates on death row that comprehension extremely aggressive behavior , and the scientists thought they would be great test subjects .
tr	C	I waited at the gate the next morning , showering , but he was a no show again .
tr	C	He personally chooses me to the student counselor ; since English is the second class I 'm now failing and school just started .
tr	O	Her hands found his hair , tangling deep into the curls .
tr	O	For well over a year , this room had stood empty , a shrine to their dream of someday .
tr	O	Her phone started croaking .
tr	C	He held his hand to her temple and yielded to her his memories of the visions he 'd been having .
tr	O	Meanwhile , your people will need to arrange for Clayton 's promotion , his retirement and his pension , and so on , all at once . "
tr	C	Willem handed over the credit stick and the cameraman swiped it , then handed it back to him .
tr	O	I have had one singular thought and that is to help Luca .
tr	C	" They marched to their own undoing , which isn 't common in our world . "
tr	O	" And a good morrow to you , " replied David .
tr	O	I needed to leave it with the full capability to get away otherwise the hunting party would be able to run it down .
tr	C	A low muttering of exchanged comments ripples through the seams .
tr	O	" Why do you hate cruising ? "
tr	C	But God was kinder than she knew by withholding His minions .
tr	O	I don 't care if it 's Gabriella or a stripper or the love of your damn life .
tr	O	It was designed to look like a flower , the petals formed of pinkish opals , the center a pearl circled by tiny diamond chips .
tr	O	Seems to me if you 're going to start bossing me around , you can pay me back , " Ethan said .
tr	C	The three cackled a bit longer .
tr	C	He wasn 't succeeding .
tr	O	Then I noticed the corner of the room , between the bookshelf and the desk .
tr	C	His abduction only made him a greater deterrent to the cause than he already was .
tr	O	Sidney Clare tried to interrupt their little threesome .
tr	O	Mr. Spruill from beside the silo .
tr	O	" I happen to ken that you 're a lusty one .
tr	C	" He once bore a lawsuit against the Marquis de Saint-Martin .
tr	C	I filled a tin coffee pot with water from my canteen and placed it in the middle of the cadets .
tr	O	" Touch it not !
tr	C	Startled , Jack hailed them .
tr	C	Her throat worked hard on a swallow and she straightened her stance like my words literally knocked her down a medal .
tr	O	She waited , checking her watch , as Lucia patiently underwent the security process and finally ducked through the crowd to join her .
tr	C	My heels clicked loudly , telling the whole rig -- young woman , walking alone , hampered by stupid footwear .
tr	C	My introduction came at a time when the paragraph of my own characters had worn off , and I found myself fascinated with her .
tr	C	Would we have enough time to adorn ourselves when the storm was over ?
tr	C	When she realized what she was doing , she berated herself , ' What are you thinking ?
tr	C	When his GPS app stopped ranting at him , he attempted conversation .
tr	C	I had hoped that maybe you had been brainwashed by time .
tr	C	The subtleties of the imagination inspired by the Regime were often more terrible than any discipline they might mete out .
tr	O	He gave a jerk on the chain that draped between the shackles .
tr	C	A bad miscalculation of goldfish plagued her classroom for a few months but luckily , goldfish were cheap .
tr	C	He glanced around as though just noticing the archives .
tr	O	" You don 't do things by halves , do you Calderon ? "
tr	C	At that , I smacked the ' call ' button on the walkie-talkie and it sent out a griddle to all the others connected to the network .
tr	O	" There is nothing unseemly about a man admiring his bride-to-be . "
tr	C	The drops vanished as they flew , presumably to maintain the misty glacier that would hide their precise location from the enemy .
tr	O	All the tables had been covered with white or dark red cloths , and elaborate flower arrangements were in the middle of each table .
tr	O	What would have been a sensuous and voluptuous figure , was not only corrupted by her ghostly white skin , but also by her jet-black veins .
tr	C	" Sapphires are supposed to alleviate depression by stimulating tension .
tr	C	When we came to a wide drainage ditch that had deepened because of discharge from construction upslope , he slid awkwardly down the bank .
tr	C	Only traces of his blood on the door opener and carpet had been left behind .
tr	C	Behind them , Percival and Violet Hours were being destroyed left and right .
tr	O	" Issues with an acquisition I 've been dealing with .
tr	O	He said they 'd got a machine for stamping 'em out .
tr	O	" For posterity , " he declared as he snapped a picture of Jack 's happy slouch .
tr	C	Of course , most cowboys admitted , Tolland 's rugged good looks and self-effacing charisma probably didn 't hurt his popularity with the female audience .
tr	C	I lowered my head and my hair fell over my shoulders , pitching my face .
tr	O	everyone yelled in a mix of joy and wonderment at his size .
tr	O	* The density of people was thickening and the noise level escalated accordingly .
tr	O	Slowly add the soup stock , using a wooden spatula to thoroughly mix it .
tr	O	" There are some of those children here , they were either created here , or they fled the persecution they received while in the palace .
tr	C	Without glancing around , without even recognizing the mirage of that beautiful foyer , she flew down the steps , eyes locked on the front doors .
tr	O	Although I fully agreed that hygiene was important , we needed to focus .
tr	O	All of the surviving merchants and prisoners who 'd survived the fights in the wagons had been chained together to create this circle .
tr	O	Within seconds of the first discharge from the Union rifles and cannons , another round quickly sounded , followed by a third and fourth volley .
tr	O	Lil asked , wringing her hands .
tr	C	If one did so , he ceased to be a beater .
tr	O	I glanced at her nametag and said , " Thank you , Jenifer .
tr	O	We tore away from our hiding spot , hearing the man bellowing after us .
tr	C	But Edith didn 't garner so she left .
tr	O	Ribbons and banners hung off every sidewalk lamp .
tr	O	Assuming the institute actually employed spies , none of them would need to tail her in order to find out where she lives .
tr	C	The now grave father stood forth and asked of his disturbed folk , " my children have returned unscathed , why do you not harass ? "
tr	C	Two lanes were sitting atop a hill , staring down at a mess of pretty cows .
tr	O	I 'd never seen Brady ride , since he conducted his lessons standing in the ring .
tr	C	Juda shoved his son back into the glass and accountant from the room .
tr	O	Instantly the water cooled , the steam vanishing and the temperature returning to its normal coolness .
tr	O	" Do I need to go along to keep you out of the tabloids ? "
tr	O	They were sweethearts in high school . "
tr	O	He exchanges a playful look with Soleil .
tr	C	The sheep wandered everywhere , the sheep without precedence that would have been the Passover sacrifice .
tr	C	" There will be a need for some good massages to be on the staff . "
tr	C	a withered voice intruded .
tr	C	Perhaps there 's a clue in what Greg said , you know , that the surgery involved with the occupant of the limbs was highly professional .
tr	O	You can never get too much of the classics . "
tr	C	" Must be lots of fun now , " he said , loosening .
tr	O	My voice drops to a husky growl and she blushes .
tr	C	At least the vampire hadn 't pulled out a wallet full of baby photos with cute little fangs popping out of its loans .
tr	O	At this rate , she might be lugging that case around for the rest of her life , which might not be a whole lot longer .
tr	C	A chirp of fear then interlaced with his hungry grumpiness .
tr	O	It would be dark soon and contrary to my wishes , this road trip had taken a serious detour .
tr	O	The Inquisitor had fallen for her ruse .
tr	C	The few times he 'd left a secure facility , he 'd been under the close coordination and protection of at least a dozen armed men .
tr	C	When she lifted her foot the spiel was just a black smear on the kitchen floor .
tr	O	In fact , I 've got some buddies who 'd probably love ... " " I came for the manuscript , " Lance said .
tr	C	I turned , huffing in exasperation , in time to catch the amused curl of his lips wriggle out into a serious expression .
tr	O	When we left , the exterior waiting area was empty and I surmised his secretary had gone for lunch .
tr	O	" Maybe we should just abort , " Kira said quietly from the backseat .
tr	C	I run my hand over my hair , reinforcing it up a bit in the light breeze .
tr	O	After dropping the shells into the breeches , the Cyclops aimed through the brush and began to fire .
tr	C	He didn 't want to spoil the fun his staff was entitled to while slinging him his first day in office .
tr	O	Chapter Fourteen Casey The general purpose of a bachelorette party is to celebrate the end of the single life of the bride-to-be .
tr	C	He found his lips feathering a name : Will .
tr	C	Lauren took advantage of it , and had Esme working late hours whenever she was on carnage .
tr	O	" Other towns have a surly boy pushing a lawnmower around to keep their grass short , " I commented with a grin .
tr	O	John slammed his door closed when he got in and then leaned his head back against the padded headrest .
tr	O	Vampires roam the sidewalks , scrounging through dumpsters , cars , buildings , hunting for blood .
tr	O	He asked me ta tell ya , the young lord 'll be comin ' ta see ya soon . "
tr	O	When you get a lot of puddles , it 's like the sea .
tr	C	I edged closer , swamping him .
tr	O	He was worried that the party was now a casualty of war and was relieved when the Stryker column was reported entering the area .
tr	O	His hair hung black over his forehead , and his shadowed eyes were two black sockets .
tr	O	By early afternoon , the village 's accumulated misgivings were a tangible unease in the air .
tr	O	If she fed off him , she would be strengthened .
tr	C	So she took a sip , figuring she could get enough of a sense of what the drug was without it declaring her .
tr	C	Maddie always likes bargains when she 's upset . "
tr	C	The only difference was it was a Mexican restaurant , so they couldn 't eat their usual mattresses and beer .
tr	O	Nora is wading out of the lake and onto the beach .
tr	O	It wasn 't fair to her mother that she might be blindsided .
tr	O	He eyeballed the door .
tr	C	" There 's a ... there 's ... " Carolina explodes .
tr	C	The black monster threatens its strange long ears again .
tr	O	" Reid can only teleport to someplace he 's seen . "
tr	C	The whole , damn , stinking , huge simulator .
tr	O	It takes the raw apathy and feeds it to each one at the exact level required , dependent upon its point in my apathy cycle .
tr	C	The entire hospital staff had been ordered not to imply anything about the children or their situation to the media .
tr	O	continued the ring announcer .
tr	C	Amber rocked and chanted in the corner of her room .
tr	O	I sigh with dishonesty .
tr	C	I hear they have some of that toilet paper in those disappearances . "
tr	O	He had just returned from delivering and installing one of his metal creations to an art connoisseur when he heard strange voices from upstairs .
tr	C	◊ The next morning a large SUV entered through the mansion gates , passing perfectly manicured toenails .
tr	C	" If you losers will just release ... . . "
tr	C	" If you didn 't kill the flank , how did you get out ? "
tr	O	Once on 1st Avenue , he turned right and accelerated hard , braking before the turn onto East 44th and nailing the gas again .
tr	O	A calico cat jumped up on the table , and I ran a hand over her sleek fur , taking comfort in the small contact .
tr	C	Alex Frost , distant observer of relaxation , knew that for every human being in the world there was at least type or two .
tr	C	Of all your fellows , it was you who never shied from the paths of goodness and law .
tr	O	However that veneer had slipped after the appearance of the girl .
tr	O	The voice of Bill Dobson echoed in her mind : Consider the sparrows .
tr	C	I hesitated another moment , and then I bristled .
tr	C	He was really no more than a spectator , an unofficial patron .
tr	C	Her whole body stiffened as I found that soft pad once more , unfolding the way each tiny touch echoed through her .
tr	C	Looking up , she found herself surrounded by lush greenery , the small patch of growth around her having expanded and orchestrated .
tr	O	The dagger was some kind of sketching tool .
tr	O	She let go of his hand so she could open the cooler and grab a gallon of the cloudy amber juice .
tr	C	Lara sat there plucking .
tr	O	Every day since had been an exploration of hands and tongues and bodies that couldn 't get enough .
tr	C	But just the thought of him waylaid that feeling in her , and she reacted to it with immediate disgust .
tr	C	He didn 't have to tear through her bathroom to know she 'd taken all of the antibiotics , packed them in a bag , and left .
tr	C	" What 's wrong with poise ? "
tr	O	I toss the empty urn down to them , then twist my arms behind my back to undo the straps holding me in .
tr	O	" Americus Freeman , wielder of Magna , the Unbreakable Blade ? "
tr	O	I must amend a few things my daughter said .
tr	C	No food rations . "
tr	C	Our greatness couldn 't last forever . "
tr	O	At a few minutes after five , I went into the bathroom to change into my undergarments .
tr	O	You know it just wants t bicker .
tr	O	I breezed through my informant job at the Eiffel Tower .
tr	C	" Wel , you know I ' l have to unearth him at least a little . "
tr	O	Long time no see , " Chad deadpanned as he turned away from his computer to face his mother .
tr	C	" For a living , he grows grain that he lunges for cattle feed but he loves plants and flowers .
tr	O	They 'd just have to risk meeting tonight 's tenant , if there was one .
tr	O	Eight puts his arm around me , pulling me into a quick huddle .
tr	C	" It 's almost never mistreated because it 's so very dangerous , " she replied .
tr	O	" When you were in the cove , kissing Duke . "
tr	C	He had her tied up for at least two hours , according to our banker .
tr	O	Unfortunately , she couldn 't glean anything useful .
tr	O	Individually , they thanked him , assuring him it was what anyone in their position would have done .
tr	O	When they reached the door to their playroom , Lori smiled very sweetly and asked , " Want to play Barbies ? "
tr	O	But it was her pottery that fascinated him most .
tr	C	They danced around each other , practicing their blocking and lung .
tr	O	I remember that this is a simulation .
tr	C	The lenses on the desk scanned down her list .
tr	O	" A pint of rum for each of my crew and what have you to eat ? "
tr	O	He carried her back to the campsite and sat her in front of the fire .
tr	O	Sandra had placed herself in the rattan chair at the far corner of the balcony .
tr	O	Walt didn 't remember such a fancy vocabulary from their previous conversations .
tr	O	Lightning crackled around the otherwise hidden tether .
tr	C	There was even a cadaver in the bowl .
tr	C	They have one shard down their back .
tr	O	His leather Italian loafers and cashmere socks told her he enjoyed his money and wore it well .
tr	C	She turned back to the body with extreme caution , taking in shallow puffs of air .
tr	O	" Well , if you like I can point you to some local growers .
tr	O	" Yeah , well , mate , you need to turn it down or I 'll call the transit police .
tr	O	It was all of golden color and had a lion 's head sigil on top of it .
tr	O	He was so big , I felt like I was a child hugging a grown-up .
tr	O	Jon had the distinct impression the captain and the fleet admiral considered being ordered to extract an undercover agent a waste of time for their mighty ship .
tr	C	I don 't want his mother intercepted by the sight of him on her daughter 's wedding day . "
tr	O	He had seen that same look in the eyes of the many new recruits that had passed through his ranks in the army .
tr	C	I sit back on my bed cross-legged and find myself rubbing the smooth iridescent surface of the Taser back and forth against my lips .
tr	O	But with my relief came my glow , sparking to life as strong as ever .
tr	C	" What could possibly entice them to do this ? "
tr	O	Annie 's job was to assemble a fresh salad of greens and steam the carrots and peas .
tr	O	" Did you buy it at one of the street markets ? "
tr	C	Cassidy looked around with interest as they pulled up in front of the deceptively compact house with its neat cactus garden edged with spring bulbs .
tr	C	He believes a summary detailing Smith 's underhanded exploits exists , and that it just may set the record straight .
tr	C	Markman tried his best to look optimistic as he left the lab , though secretly he harbored increased inspections and doubt .
tr	C	Ginette reached for the roach in the nourishment , but by now it was nothing but smoldering ashes .
tr	O	Taking a deep breath , I recited the book 's incantation and then set the picture in the middle of the mirror .
tr	O	Right now I 'm inventing a home cheese smoker , so people can smoke their own cheese right in their own homes . "
tr	O	They sounded weary in their maturity , felt comfortable with their cynicism .
tr	O	But there was still something about him that drew her , lured her closer .
tr	C	I panned out of bed .
tr	O	That blade , crafted from his own hands , would slice through a banshee with ease and be just as effective on a kingpin .
tr	O	Anyway , how 's one little doughnut going to hurt ? "
tr	O	Although he repeatedly offended his rulers , he held several high offices .
tr	O	My granddad let me in .
tr	C	The one thing that he did have on his side was extreme advantages and in the end he got everything hooked up and ready to go .
tr	O	Here 's a story to illustrate what I 'm talking about .
tr	O	I had been given a second chance at life and still had a long way to go before I could get back to normalcy .
tr	C	I pushed the engines to half speed , making sure I was rising faster than I was referencing .
tr	O	Merrick stepped into the faint candle light , his pale blue eyes electrified by the small flickering fire .
tr	C	Had he expected me to scoot out without another word ?
tr	C	Their descendants of delivery might vary , but the content was always the same .
tr	C	" There is some one else I want to subdue first .
tr	C	Of course , his decision to propose hadn 't only been captivated by how their marriage could benefit him .
tr	C	Gary continued , " In a crowd of photographers at a media event , how many are actually working for their rites ?
tr	C	The track east of town is elevated on a bank , and they think the trees will cause subsidence in the memo .
tr	O	Entry into the security office , much like the rest of this task , relied on an odd mix of logic and luck .
tr	O	He crossed his arms and threw back his head , considering me down the length of his patrician nose .
tr	O	When she looked up at him , a fist pummeled her into unconsciousness .
tr	O	But blood freely offered had a different flavor from blood that was soured by fear .
tr	C	He just aims his walk .
tr	C	She reaches down and shares my fingers in for me .
tr	O	Her breathing seemed irregular and shallow .
tr	O	" Good-bye , Mama .
tr	O	From soft , muted pastels for color to landscapes hanging on the walls , to the occasional photograph , he felt welcomed .
tr	C	If I may , " he said in a soft voice that the lakes should not have even been able to hear .
tr	O	And as we are the youngest , we are entitled to fewer honors than our predecessors . '
tr	C	But she didn 't want to give Horus the satisfaction of seeing her snore before him .
tr	O	The crowd reaction was to again burst into applause , a standing ovation that went on for some time .
tr	C	I have condemned these events for a number of years , and I have yet to find one that cannot be adequately explained .
tr	C	She stepped over to the bed to watch him lying there with the sheet draped over his middle to shield his preference .
tr	C	Many pelted the prince with rotting garbage and curses ; stones and jeeps appeared out of the dust and spittle to land heavy blows upon him .
tr	C	As the last person interferes in , he pulls down a metal grating from the ceiling that covers the doorway .
tr	C	My studies don 't involve dealing with legends and condos .
tr	C	Seeing the horsemen coming , the Slavs retreated to their ditch while hundreds of archers lined the magistrate .
tr	O	Charlie returned with a large flamethrower , primed , and ready for use .
tr	O	We have disgraced ourselves .
tr	C	Garrett had been caught in major storms before and knew better than to rewind the power of this one .
tr	O	Atticus made his way to the rooftops and followed up high as I blasted down the street below .
tr	O	My thoughts began to dissolve , slipping away from me .
tr	O	A tic started in his eye again .
tr	C	She squeals and attempts to shrink away , but he holds her close .
tr	C	He waited patiently until cued by the drum roll and the beginning of the first hunk .
tr	C	They worshiped , or was that the sun ?
tr	C	" What do the spices look like ? "
tr	O	I asked , cocking a brow .
tr	C	Let 's get you a locker and CDs . "
tr	O	I took up a scythe for threshing the tall grain .
tr	C	His calling is as reflexive as messengers .
tr	O	" I 'm going to put you on speakerphone .
tr	O	Maureen walks over to me and squeezes my cheeks together so my lips part , trying to force the elixir down my throat .
tr	C	The forest sighed around them , the glimmering leaves rustling in a low breeze .
tr	C	Do not waste your time trying to pronounce it . "
tr	O	He had devoted weeks , not to mention a small fortune , to pleasing the ungrateful brat .
tr	O	Where , on my journey through life , had I garnered such narcissism .
tr	C	you are beautiful , but - " " I must request you save your elegant necklaces for a later date , preferably the seventh of never . "
tr	O	I tried to make some calculations concerning it in advance .
tr	O	" I miscarried in the middle of it . "
tr	O	But before he could get anywhere of great detail a second voice , familiar only to Charlie , announced itself , seizing everyone 's attention .
tr	C	Ryland made his way to the bed and stretched out , closing his eyes so the dim light couldn 't jeopardize his brain .
tr	O	Trent considers my face for a moment and then he nods .
tr	O	Penelope still hadn 't returned my calls by dinnertime , so I called her again .
tr	O	" We will rearm in rotation when we reach Bravo station .
tr	C	Once there he would enjoy in pushing the descendants from the top while his Dad 's friends stacked them in the barn .
tr	O	Who am I to fight a man who wants to do housework ? "
tr	C	Our mission is to establish whether these reports are true , and if they are , to clarify the dragon . '
tr	O	Then the monster started running at her and she lost all willingness to stay and fight .
tr	O	I knew if I did , I 'd falter .
tr	O	Sometimes he barely registered his surroundings before zoning out again .
tr	C	He could not imagine Simone without her chicks .
tr	C	He wouldn 't trust a stranger with his sister , but getting to know more about Dee certainly had spunk .
tr	C	But he 'd been a good sport about it , double-checking the ends of the sticks before tossing them in the water .
tr	C	She had seen some of his public lectures at different weights and also on television .
tr	O	" Anything mixed together that can be served over noodles or rice . "
tr	O	Moonlight spilled down upon his brother 's visage .
tr	C	When he got off the phone he said , " The loan collectors are being wired as I speak . "
tr	O	It had cut through the air like a bullet and landed like a mortar .
tr	O	That leaves me to tell you that today the Air Force is launching two satellites to take up positions over the Pacific .
tr	C	One by one they had gone through the rooms in the old stone house and recreate them to their liking .
tr	O	She 's his number one courier . "
tr	C	It flared slightly but did not waste fabric on pleats or hops and fell just short of the ground .
tr	O	He snatches up his glass and downs his booze in one swallow .
tr	O	I even managed to hold back the sniffle that almost escaped .
tr	C	' I 'll get the magnolia ' he said and was gone before she could beg him not to leave her alone .
tr	C	" And yours is Pete , " he said to the grinning golden halo .
tr	C	I don 't want them thinking that they can try to untangle my life , but they definitely helped me here .
tr	O	I gently guide his head towards the wood then stand , scouting .
tr	O	Insects clicked and rattled in the brush , but no beetles appeared .
tr	O	The feeling of unease magnified .
tr	O	We accordingly determined to commence our journey towards the north at the expiration of another month .
tr	C	As I said , the power going through the shapeshifter second stage is controlled by the pilot .
tr	O	She stayed for another half-hour , acting as if nothing had happened , before slipping out and returning home .
tr	O	The seals begin to grin .
tr	C	" I got this off a paragraph the other day .
tr	O	My heart plummets to discover Cricket Bell waiting to cross the street .
tr	C	So , when everyone else entered the restaurant , she was at the bar sipping a gazebo .
tr	O	It is therefore quite likely that the Shroud passed through their hands at this time .
tr	C	This street looked even more disordered with dusty artifacts , paper , and dead leaves strewn everywhere .
tr	O	She wrote that Phil was enjoying his new coaching job , and that they were planning a second honeymoon trip to Disney World .
tr	C	She was used to being in charge and making plans and chalk the entertainment .
tr	O	" That 's why we lived in every shithole in Equality at least twice .
tr	O	The Health Secretary will coordinate the handover . "
tr	C	" And even though we 've reached some level of familiarity , he has never , and will never , acknowledge our shared snowball . "
tr	C	Now I did burst into sci-fi .
tr	O	He waded into shallow water and held on firmly to her hand , guarding her from a loss of footing as they climbed up the bank .
tr	O	He wasn 't good with metaphors .
tr	O	" Oh nay , my lady .
tr	O	We were paired up and fought with mock swords and wicker shields .
tr	O	Just this lime . "
tr	C	She vowed to help him by giving him a ball of bloodlust so he wouldn 't get lost in the maze .
tr	C	CeCe gazed at him with sleepy , happy eyes until she realized he was regaining his pants .
tr	O	He hoisted the pot aside -- with a little help from Dormer -- and fanned the soup with an oven mitt , still smiling at his accomplishment .
tr	C	I was outside myself , in a control room pulling carts and pushing buttons to make responses .
tr	O	" Way too much opposition . "
tr	C	Hassan picked up the seaweed and handed it back to her , quickly removing his fingers from her knife range .
tr	O	The death of his informant meant that someone was fast on his trail .
tr	O	Surely we could outnumber them as we fought against them , if only ... if only we had the stomach for the fight .
tr	C	Gabe ... or rather , Gabriel , had been born long ago , in the midst of battles and companionship .
tr	C	She sounded like a hen from a Gothic novel .
tr	C	" Well , champ , no , not exactly , I mean , well maybe . "
tr	O	Would like them highly armed with exceedingly illegal armaments . "
tr	C	He was no great politician : his brother was Prime Minister , and he had been made First Lord for loyalty , not for coercion or ambition .
tr	C	Hell , Pitt 's belly is dozing by the second .
tr	O	I turned so I was facing him and cuddled up close , wiggling so that my head was under his .
tr	C	" Now , you hold the procession down so they don 't get out .
tr	C	The trees began to curl around him unraveling into a golden canopy .
tr	O	Looks like it 's defect or come in from the cold , after this , " he bellowed at one point .
tr	O	CLEO gave what sounded like a glad squeak as the travelers suited up and prepared to leave the submarine .
tr	C	Her subconscious had been thinking about Gustav and places he could hide the silver medal , and a solution popped up .
tr	O	Then he walked in the grounds , taking with him his Labrador dog .
tr	C	There was fire in his voice when he said that , an explosives that was almost impossible to ignore .
tr	C	Sierra didn 't need any more puffs of her sister 's wedding .
tr	O	Two sweeping wooden staircases with black railings led upstairs on either side of the circular room .
tr	O	His robe was sodden .
tr	O	" What is it that can perform these deeds ?
tr	C	I tightened my legs around him , trying to get some psychopath to relieve the ache that he created .
tr	C	He swept the teardrop around some more until he found me a few feet away .
tr	O	Up close Emma could see Ty 's bloody handprints on Jules 's shirt ; he hadn 't had time to change his clothes .
tr	C	The sense of it wrapped snugly around me , the most comforting of incidents on an evening glistening with snow .
tr	C	Where before they had complained about the ships , now the men are grateful to be standing on deck rather than hooking under heavy loads .
tr	C	She fought against the memory of his eyes just before his lips touched hers under the impetus .
tr	O	Just past the inn 's stable was an alley , and beyond that a smithy .
tr	O	The big man rested with his back up against the seat , wheezing .
tr	C	Jasmine didn 't respond but held up her hand like a standoff drawing a powerful note from her musicians .
tr	C	" You know something Sawyer , " I say , beaming at his mirth , " You 're a lot smarter than you look . "
tr	O	" Mothers and wives usually don 't . "
tr	O	Cattle did not stand around chewing peacefully one minute , then stampede the next .
tr	C	Alec wasn 't the only one to have an oral hygiene .
tr	C	" A fake fiancé ? "
tr	C	The last time we played , Jet got so drunk he started replaying all over the place .
tr	O	I have been deceived so badly over money by men . "
tr	O	The basement was constricting and the little distance between Aiden and me suffocating .
tr	O	Six million ghosts -- that would be a feat for even the most powerful necromancer .
tr	C	I wasn 't in the mood for another of my mother 's efforts to shed her remorse about declaring me on a major holiday .
tr	O	Because right now , her sass was the only thing stopping her from freaking out .
tr	C	It would have been a pond if not for the deep crack running through the center , draining it into the mess of combatants below .
tr	O	He wore the yellow mantle of the healer Mages .
tr	O	She can be a charmer , and of course that was part of the plan .
tr	C	" Shan , if I remind you of what the spell 's blocking too soon , the makeover could seriously hurt you . "
tr	O	There was no undercurrent of resentment .
tr	O	She had taken down and bested a Londoner .
tr	C	Who called the fire marshal ?
tr	O	I screamed as the light engulfed me , burned me , and propelled me backward until I slammed into the unyielding stone wall .
tr	O	He had watched Jace struggle , fight , and mull over the issue since his arrival in Astoria .
tr	O	He gave a shout of laughter and did stumble , but caught himself with the walker .
tr	C	It was well lit by the outside street lighting , and Mai Bell could easily make out the tousled black hair of the man owning the bed .
tr	C	It will help you understand their grandchild . "
tr	C	But if they do not , the city will fall into chaos , and the opponents will die . "
tr	C	Cain was just cutting across the lawn to the street when he resorted to the inner voice that told him he was squandering a fabulous opportunity .
tr	O	The canvases were slashed .
tr	O	In fact , she already had her keys in her hand , since she 'd planned on bolting away from him as soon as possible .
tr	C	She took my pen as she sat down in the chair opposite me and started convulsing .
tr	O	If I wanted to work in the animal sheds , I wouldn 't have enlisted . "
tr	C	" Yes , right by that carpet and bagel place . "
tr	C	STEP THREE : Include a quote from that play or old document in an obvious place , where people will think they 're smart for grooming it .
tr	C	" There is a human sense of comfort and relative safety when you are sheltered under the umbrella of company and tortilla . "
tr	C	" This is reckless and childish and idiotic , Bella , " the velvet voice asserted .
tr	C	The tears of a Source could heal .
tr	C	Still hanging on to his outbreak , I see .
tr	C	As a walnut , that is !
tr	C	She was dressed in her maroon winter coat , and her black bangs were covered by a thick wool cap pulled over her ears .
tr	O	He didn 't want to intrude on their time with and traditions .
tr	O	I completed my strut towards the couch and plonked myself into it , proceeding to lie down .
tr	C	Adam signaled for two shots and when they arrived , he slid out of me , numbed my panties , and tucked himself back inside his pants .
tr	O	Even the infant 's squall seemed less grating and he felt his rage subside .
tr	C	And so , we unloaded a plot to kill Washington .
tr	C	Now let 's get apprehended and head over to Captain Crow 's .
tr	C	" All right , punk it is . "
tr	O	My insides were complete pudding right now .
tr	C	Daniel smiled up at the elevation as she set the ale in front of him .
tr	C	Finally , he said , " Duke can go - " Brody burst out of the room holding a procession .
tr	O	He drew a deep breath and forcibly stopped himself from rolling his eyes at her theatrics .
tr	O	" Buried ... where ? "
tr	C	Who knew an ancient artwork could be so thoughtful ?
tr	C	I got Simon to look further into the funds of the property transfer from his father 's house to the ping .
tr	C	She was comforting him , injecting him to be a special man , great in her eyes , yet she didn 't know of his crime .
tr	C	Murders , rapists , human traffickers , don 't ask for a barricade .
tr	C	They have , at their disposal , an apparently vast array of suds and metals before them .
tr	O	" You know who could really use a spanking ?
tr	O	" I 'm only the interpreter , " she said and continued with the third card , shaking her head .
tr	O	Maddie began to giggle hysterically , causing stares from passing shoppers .
tr	O	" Imagine , just a bunch of normal houses , no casinos , no people packing the sidewalks .
tr	C	When not writing , he rips his time investigating the paranormal and indulging in a good book or movie .
tr	O	Only now did Billy notice the bumps and grooves across the gold surface .
tr	O	Nothing can stop you when you 're running hot on the formula . "
tr	C	A good stitch . "
tr	O	The painkillers help . "
tr	C	She toed out of her slippers and lay down on her side , draping her bare feet on the bed .
tr	O	My main focus is sales and acquisitions . "
tr	C	Jackie hefted the rope , looped the baggie over her arm and headed for the edge of the cliff .
tr	O	Sam asked , both out of breath and aggravated .
tr	O	He was even more gorgeous in a kilt .
tr	C	" So I 'm going out the door because they think I 'm a preference . "
tr	O	I still have the two tombs over there " he answered smiling .
tr	O	It wouldn 't hurt to meet the couple , he decided , especially since he 'd supposedly agreed to this outing .
tr	C	Looked like the treasures of a crane 's tomb .
tr	C	Away from the profits , the snow dept lessened and she hurried the horse to a trot .
tr	O	We can wish for it all we want , but all it does is prolong our suffering .
tr	O	Graham 's eyes filled with wells of pain that matched his rage .
tr	O	he flirted , edging closer .
tr	C	After they 'd made some decisions Riley asked how reincarnation of the surrounding land was going .
tr	C	When I asked my dad about those rituals , he told me that some customs were captivated by the earliest known religion in Iran known as Zoroastrianism .
tr	C	I 've sinned against you ; I 've pitted against my family .
tr	O	" Pleased to meet you , Mr. Winston , " Edwina said with a mock curtsy .
tr	O	But before they 'd even made it out of the bar , the thrill had fizzled away .
tr	O	He would stir the brew , add sugar and spices , mix the content of certain varieties , taste and smell - and wait .
tr	C	He stepped back , glanced over the table as though checking whether he had bequeathed anything , turned , and left the room .
tr	C	Chloe 's uncomfortable surfaces were interrupted by a loud squeal that was followed by female cursing .
tr	O	Miss Evans has been nominated for the coveted Peabody Award ... ' " The story went on from there .
tr	O	" Benjamin found out about Chantilly 's little hiccup and is trying to get back at her by using you , " Suzy announces crisply .
tr	O	' Even Jenna , in her polyester blouse , is better than you at losing weight , ' said the voice in Sophie 's head .
tr	C	The revolution could turn very nasty at times .
tr	O	That was when Pa taught me how to disarm a man wielding a knife .
tr	C	Turns out that natives and eggs work for breakfast , lunch and dinner if you need them to . "
tr	O	The disappointments usually did not start until later .
tr	O	" Considering you 're a world traveler , I don 't doubt it , " she said with a grin .
tr	O	He could 've disputed me .
tr	O	I said , my voice resounding through the helmet , sounding deeper and a tad amplified .
tr	C	She lugs in enough food to conclude a party of ten .
tr	C	He was brimming with me , like a cat with a mouse .
tr	C	Edmond must have seen my face because he whisked in my direction .
tr	C	" Kept his heart . "
tr	C	Do you want me to bring a navigator ? "
tr	C	He skips to his side and places a hand on my bare stomach .
tr	O	Luck would have it that her gaze shot straight to another hard male body among a different flock of campers .
tr	C	" Christians , peaches , green beans , and more .
tr	C	" A reed of liability , no problem , I 'll write one up and we 'll all sign it , how 's that ? "
tr	O	Their handlers walked behind , keeping the animals in line .
tr	O	The giddy feeling suffused her entire afternoon .
tr	O	The stationery at the Lincoln Memorial had looked familiar to her .
tr	O	" How come he only listens to you ? "
tr	O	They were dressed in cloaks , though the night wasn 't cold enough to require it .
tr	C	I want it to look like a hacking .
tr	C	But they seemed to be having a good time ; a few had been drinking since they 'd arrived and were already formulating their words .
tr	O	The guy knew perfectly which buttons to push and levers to pull .
tr	O	Potions , dozens upon dozens of vibrant liquids capped in vials so clear it looked like they were bottled in nothing at all .
tr	C	Benji gestures me to the chair by the table and I ram into it gratefully .
tr	C	He couldn 't believe he 'd slept with a halo .
tr	C	But all the cave carvings led to the revolution in the ground where the gas was .
tr	C	When it was time to eat , Elizabeth called the kids back to the stables and watched as they gave the horses both a handful of scrolls .
tr	C	Alex and I could be completely wrong , though , and shape-shifter could 've been me who upset her .
tr	O	But for the next forty minutes no lull came .
tr	C	She notified him with mental images of sight and smell , too excited to contain herself .
tr	C	My whole body begins shaking and feels as though it 's been fully submerged in the ice that occurs to the rocky peak .
tr	C	She and Trish had been a lot closer a few years ago , but they 'd drifted apart when Ric had started lashing really hard .
tr	O	" You have held that artifact for thirty years , Altair , reveling in its power and hoarding its secrets .
tr	C	I guess mercenaries know best .
tr	C	I pulled the car to a stop and puckered up the parking brake .
tr	O	There , shrouded in crepuscular gloom , he found the desolate and empty remains of what had undoubtedly once been a vast archive .
tr	O	She 'd followed him and though he refused to look at her , he felt her recoil at his words .
tr	O	Impressively old , they were wider than four men , and would be impossible to batter down without immense effort .
tr	O	Thankfully , his co-pilot didn 't say a word , though the curiosity in his eyes was practically burning a hole in Colt 's skull .
tr	C	She then popped back into her peacemaker self and scurried into a hole with no hope of anyone but Scarborough following into .
tr	C	Looks like a paralegal , don 't she , with all that eye makeup ? "
tr	C	Brad looked up , tossed his bagel to him , said , " You can get dressed . "
tr	C	" Lord Alastair wouldn 't risk ending up on the dorms because of us , would he ? "
tr	C	" What 's with the lieutenants ? "
tr	O	He sat down beside the clothing , thinking absently how bland all of it was , in spite of the careful cuts and stitching .
tr	O	" If it makes you feel any better , her antics have seriously curtailed her social life .
tr	O	I asked , reflecting on the nights I 'd been by her side when she 'd awoken in a sweat , screaming .
tr	C	she said excitedly as though the world 's problems could be solved with cheese and onion dip .
tr	C	He bent her body forward , planting her hands on the boulders while he thrust his fingers deep into her to test her perusal .
tr	C	But judging by the tone of her remarks , it was preferable not to attempt a once-over .
tr	C	Those stingers seemed to pulse and throb with more eagerness as its eyes twisted on top of the margins to face us .
tr	O	" I 'm talking about your prospects , my dear , which at the moment seem rather cheerless . "
tr	O	" You hold a grudge , Meredith .
tr	C	I wore sparkling silver tights under a black polo with a tight purple shirt that hung off my shoulder , revealing a bright red bra .
tr	C	She obviously understood even if it was from her half-brother , not the victim 's .
tr	O	" This atmosphere of decay , " said Seldon angrily , " is your impression .
tr	C	By this time a small loaf of villagers were waiting to mount the train .
tr	O	she shouts , her sudden spurt of anger alarming me .
tr	O	Despite the strange beginning , Fintan was entranced .
tr	O	A large limb lay on the ground , and struggling to shimmy up a tree on the property border was Timmy Jones .
tr	O	The unwieldy shields would be useless in hand-to-hand combat but would provide attackers with considerable protection from projectiles as they stormed the walls .
tr	O	Maybe I should have negotiated for two years instead of taking only three months . "
tr	C	He gathered her up , ensuring the top of her head .
tr	C	He carried her lifeless body back to the coyote that night , and banged on the door until someone answered .
tr	C	There was no one else present , not even the doc .
tr	O	Feeding Vito to the body could make the user a better fighter though there was no additional input from the weapon itself .
tr	O	Turning some of the anger on Julia , Gio growled , " A condition that had no relevance in my decision . "
tr	O	With a sigh Gabriel reached up and freed two long sticks from their holsters on the wall .
tr	C	Jason manipulated a toggle to coerce the view up and over the star-shaped island , to look down upon that crimson corporate tide .
tr	C	His father relied on the statement , but Owen wasn 't worried .
tr	C	His attention skates back up to my face and he fails .
tr	C	If I wanted some submissive , respectful little zing I sure as shit wouldn 't have fallen in love with you . "
tr	C	One little twinkly smile and your mother is a clump . "
tr	C	Jacob switched off the engine and vaulted quickly to the back of the car to grab the surfaces of groceries .
tr	C	Something was swiping at him ; something he knew or something he 'd seen , but he couldn 't remember when or where .
tr	C	And my chateau never lets me down .
tr	O	It slid open with a sound that only hinges rusted from years of neglect could make .
tr	O	Some of the resulting experiences would later bear influence on his first novel , America in the Fall .
tr	O	I came down and lifted the planks away , leaning them up against the walls .
tr	C	As if just the right nanny could transform her into a siren and make her irresistible to George , her erstwhile employer .
tr	O	For the second time since returning to the ring , Lea didn 't meet up with her previous opponents in the corridor .
tr	O	I 'm not ready for what greets me .
tr	C	Indeed , composting is also viable in large-scale opposition , where it can reduce reliance on synthetic fertilisers .
tr	C	He leisurely kissed first the pad of one finger and then another , and Belinda felt her heart constrict .
tr	C	Sometimes the dads were fun and sometimes they were horrifying or made her sick .
tr	O	As if he has to regroup ; as if facing me for more than that short period of time is difficult .
tr	O	The town was one of Syria 's main mercantile centers .
tr	C	" Kept it with me . "
tr	O	' Shall I count my loot ? '
tr	C	Her pursuer was very powerful , aside from creating worm holes I had a feeling it could take out things from the past and future .
tr	C	" Did you come back to intercept , or did you come back because you thought he couldn 't manage his life without you ?
tr	C	From what he could see , her bruises were finally gone , and she 'd had her hair grayed .
tr	O	We cannot have him influencing our daughter into this unacceptable behavior , " he stated sternly .
tr	O	The tickle of a water droplet slipped down his cheek .
tr	O	Chase shifted on the bed , not thrusting up but wriggling and writhing under her touch .
tr	C	They didn 't have time for a sickle .
tr	O	I could see instantly that he was turned on by the play ; his pants bulged beneath my fingers as I worked the clasps .
tr	C	" Dr. Peters , going back to the factors you brought with you , what was the leading cause of death that year ? "
tr	C	" No ... I 'm in some bushes ... and chins . "
tr	O	He paced for a while , kicking a stone across the ground and scuffing up a cloud of dust .
tr	C	My cell phone vibrates on my chair .
tr	O	They looked like they were going to a New York nightclub .
tr	O	They eyeball each other and then she pushes him down onto his seat again .
tr	O	Apart from the smell of his aftershave and a hint of smoke , Ian sends out this powerful presence .
tr	O	I didn 't try to draw my own version of shapeshifter power .
tr	O	The anger showed as Paul addressed his ex-wife .
tr	C	" It 's easy to speak in witchcraft , especially , if you weren 't the one bearing the responsibilities .
tr	O	I picture my friend 's face and glue myself to the spot beneath my feet .
tr	O	There was nothing in the room useful , not even the rod used to hold the hangers in the closet .
tr	O	Millions of parts that neither the endless controls carried out on each component , and the several integration tests , can guarantee totally reliable .
tr	O	Jake was into winning but laying a solid foundation with her family required genuine responses that struck harmonious chords .
tr	O	" Do that again , and I 'm ripping your eye out of its socket . "
tr	C	They resumed their flight , at a more venerable pace this time , and before long the black cocoon was indeed out of sight .
tr	O	He also expanded the Los Angeles class nuclear submarines to a fleet of 146 .
tr	O	It looked too heavy for someone of her stature to carry .
tr	O	And then another three , then another , until he had more than a dozen obedient bystanders .
tr	C	Even a cameraman could have seen that Sir Richard was suffering .
tr	C	Her eyes misted with his gaze through the slim gap of the open door .
tr	C	Then he said , " There was a clubhouse yesterday .
tr	O	The need coursed his veins , blackening his soul , like an all-consuming drug against which he was powerless to act .
tr	O	He sidestepped into her path , and she stopped just short of running into him .
tr	O	Now , however , I have a much more basic reason for appreciating the spell . "
tr	C	Eve let people in from the presumption and hoped they would turn out to be worthy friends .
tr	C	I understand this , though : you 've developed a patented line of prosthetic devices that amounts to an immense technological revolution .
tr	O	The sultan 's favored son .
tr	O	He flipped his hand in a short series of gestures at one of his fellow mercenaries , who spread word to the rest of them .
tr	C	He drilled through the wrestlers , writing down a few notes as Captain Garrett recounted this morning 's misfortune .
tr	C	Then her expression changed , and she reached for one of the wolf howls .
tr	C	There were over twenty messages on her office phone and she 'd already stoned fifteen from her home answering machine without listening to them .
tr	C	I wasn 't of use to her anymore , or to her wiles .
tr	O	He could see a mahogany table and chairs through an opening that led into the dining room , and leather sofas in the family room beyond that .
tr	C	He could demand a complete rebuild and specify that they must use parts only shrunk in 200 years time !
tr	C	He was concentrating on her so much that he did not notice the presence of a navigator , moving even more silently than he was himself .
tr	O	Splitting up the skid he placed all the beans on shelving for future order fulfillment .
tr	C	The property was drab and run-down , and the front lawn hadn 't been electrocuted in a month .
tr	C	Maggie wore a dirty white tee shirt like the Pastor and Frank and her lodgings were uneven and ragged .
tr	C	Twirl , kick , step , kick ... " Forces ! "
tr	O	What greets me is only silence .
tr	O	If you can find the stream of your thoughts then you can try to redirect them toward the person you are trying to ' path . ' "
tr	O	If they would just have a recliner , I might not detest it so much .
tr	C	As soon as I 'd saddled , a sudden compulsion to do something proactive made me head into the swamp .
tr	C	After long seconds , I pitied them .
tr	O	They are an oiled machine , working in perfect collaboration with one another .
tr	O	Instead , she raised her teacup to her lips and took a leisurely sip .
tr	O	Bold as brass , she 'd initiated their first meeting and , yes , he knew it had been to piss off her father .
tr	C	What tricks have the bosses come up with to shield their souls from us ? "
tr	O	I grabbed a cotton ball and wiped my face , reapplied my eye liner and straightened up my mashed hairdo .
tr	O	After the blueprint was done , the plan was that Hemp , with help from all of us , would build them .
tr	O	That queasy green color was sort of matching my insides right now , and I was a little irritated with my painting laziness .
tr	C	She would prefer a hundred applications over one , she thought .
tr	O	Whisper then proceeded to the second accommodation .
tr	C	She saw a thick wedge of oak , diverted to a fine point , and gripped like a weapon behind her back .
tr	O	My ma 's dead . "
tr	C	he snapped , causing an almost unseen woman near the far side of the room to jump in imitation .
tr	C	My father thinks it 's a total opposition and told me to pay no attention to these tales .
tr	C	And she had every reason to marshal his words after that moronic display of bitterness and anger .
tr	C	He panted and rubbed the jack in his side , wishing for a stick of Summer 's gum .
tr	O	She eyed my drink before smiling widely , showcasing her perfect whites .
tr	O	He does , however , have certain hang ups ( as you may have noticed ) about me being involved in the justice subset of that duo .
tr	O	" I 'm a big believer in approaching marriage logically .
tr	C	I explained my trip , my meeting with Joseph , and the rendezvous at the armory .
tr	C	It contains a meatloaf pack .
tr	C	" Hold out your arm , " she stills and though it makes me feel like a damn fool , I obey .
tr	C	She thought about the mistletoe in her implant .
tr	O	I amazed myself at how I could babble on about nothing in particular .
tr	C	Dirty red dust , no vegetation apart from a few stunted careers or spindly trees .
tr	O	If this young man with his Italian accent was to be a fellow traveller , then this was a perfect opportunity to engage him .
tr	C	Did England even have guides ?
tr	C	There was chains rattling , reconsidering , and clicking , and then an animal growling .
tr	O	" I 'm just another succubus .
tr	O	They experimented with weather .
tr	C	By entering this realm you have boxed yourself , and your companions , to death . "
tr	C	" Oh , we got all sorts of unfairness that 'll cure your many ills .
tr	C	They 'd been outnumbered and overpowered , chased into the maze of passageways within the cemetery .
tr	C	Brielle followed Kendra to a massaging chair that was already prepared for her tutorial .
tr	C	" That doesn 't mean much , " said Martha , swirling the last drop of her gin and glue in the bottom of the glass .
tr	O	They had numbers surely , but our weapons and organization aided us greatly .
tr	O	Any moment now , another eunuch would be along to wonder where the jug of water had got to .
tr	C	He rubbed his hard rap against my inner thigh like a dog in heat , and I was his bitch ; I whimpered and pushed back .
tr	C	She felt him assaulting her neck , his teeth nipping her shoulder but she didn 't want to move .
tr	C	Josh rubbed his chest and stared at her , hooking his brow .
tr	C	In fact I know she overcame him .
tr	O	The skin splits open and the pain erupts up my arm .
tr	O	So the time came to mid - summer eve , and they were to go on again with the early sun on midsummer morning .
tr	O	Emily will receive the emeralds . "
tr	C	She melted instantly as she inhaled the masculine scent of him and his tankard .
tr	C	She wanted to injure him for his ingratitude .
tr	C	" Mr. Cannon , I appreciate your desire to help , but this is best handled by the washroom . "
tr	C	Soleil shook her head slightly , stirring the golden wisps of hair fanning her face .
tr	O	Because of his jealousy , he 'd missed an opportunity to clarify some of her misconceptions .
tr	C	They easily misjudged the towers of the London Bridge .
tr	O	He hesitates , then comes down the embankment toward me , tucking a strand of hair behind his ear .
tr	C	I tried to sod off his hand .
tr	C	He ordered the whole rob burned out at the thoughtfulness , of course , and their charred bodies delivered to the villagers .
tr	O	All primed up for The Sweat 's best reunion DVD ever ? '
tr	C	No one has solved the problem of how to distort the effects of time dilation .
tr	O	I followed the hoard of people , completely uncertain of where I was going and hoping that some of them knew .
tr	C	At this distance the recipes and vehicles were just dark shadows , nothing more .
tr	O	He did not know it was a brothel , and he was disgusted when he found out .
tr	C	Their editors he knew by face and name , only because he feared them enough to keep track of them .
tr	C	Then , he presses a few buttons on a keyboard on which the intel is laid out on each key .
tr	C	Your comment there would have lead to an airlock .
tr	C	I 'm only the head doc to them . "
tr	O	However , she found her sense of excitement had waned slightly .
tr	C	Of his warring effect on her .
tr	O	I steeled my face and sat up , turning my back to Dad and completely ignoring him .
tr	O	The minute I discovered what Hojo had done , I toyed with the idea of reversing the effects .
tr	C	Jesus could have 'em all over His Own Holy Self if He wants , 'cause He 's the King of Heaven and He can do wi ' .
tr	C	Above this warlike panorama , flying craft continued to journey on while the two stools and a bevy of circling moons roamed the alien sky .
tr	C	I hated being the appraisal of bad news , but I needed to update Ethan .
tr	O	You sure you want to reschedule ? "
tr	C	The only word the boy wants to hear is the four lettered offer of assistance from the companion he rasps with his life .
tr	C	As soon as the abduction turned green , the door opened and Rei stepped through .
tr	C	She called and told whoever picked up that she was caught in traffic in town and would need to sue for the next day .
tr	O	No wonder he was such a good salesman .
tr	C	He deserved to know if someone was blackmailing him .
tr	C	" So you see , this isn 't just domestic pursuits and petty theft .
tr	C	And the fact that I didn 't know how to make that happen or how to stay away from him , was ranting .
tr	C	After asking what I 'm doing and listening to me explain why I missed lunch , everyone sits down and we pull our chairs into a brotherhood .
tr	C	Oh you mean the guy with the billing ?
tr	O	There was just a sense of rightness to her request .
tr	C	He leaned on the opposite flank and stuck a smoke in his mouth .
tr	C	It didn 't prevent erosion , but it would stop infection and promote faster healing .
tr	O	How many can say they 've succumbed to dragon fire ? "
tr	C	" Someday they 'll make clocks like this , " I said .
tr	O	Wearing bathing suits and sunglasses , they had their faces turned to the blistering summer sky .
tr	C	The clamor to the right of the Vigilante began to buckle .
tr	O	She lived her life in fear , hopelessness and doubt .
tr	C	The parameters they passed were brown with fallen leaves , the dead winter weeds pressed flat by snow , barely a new shoot of grass or weed .
tr	C	The gorillas continued gliding down , straight at the group .
tr	C	I just shrugged as I went to check out the keypad .
tr	O	" You bastard , " I spat , leveling a glare on him that was reserved for few occasions as the eight men kneeled beside me .
tr	C	Balan nodded , relieved at the monarch .
tr	C	The curves she brooded , though not her own , were definitely spectacular .
tr	C	She poured out her grief and estimated how sorry she was for all their constant bickering .
tr	O	Sexual heat rose off her without thrall , without him doing anything preternatural to elicit it .
tr	C	Captain Jason Drake is personally taking command of this mission , " Lisa spits .
tr	C	He said with some interest then , " You mean that people climb up out of the calluses and into the open air above ? "
tr	C	The two went on sharing stories and scribbling notes of places to go and things to do in the city .
tr	C	A plastic pony light switch , a pony bed lamp , pony wallpaper and bob .
tr	C	The cacophony of human eyes accidentally witnessing tonight 's events was negligible .
tr	C	The peasant 's testimony was destructive ; the pictures of Fritz were devastating .
tr	C	Like he said eventually the utilities chase the bands . '
tr	O	We went back to playing football while Sadie watched us and her pups .
tr	O	The embers that had been sparking in his eyes a moment ago had now turned into red-hot coals bisected with the thinning vertical slits of his pupils .
tr	O	And , to her chagrin , she grew moist at the thought ... right there in her secret spot .
tr	C	It really adores . "
tr	C	It looks like enemy fire hit our long-range artillery . "
tr	C	" As a matter of fact , paperwork is a hassle of mine , " said Autumn .
tr	C	There was the click of keys on a nanny being depressed , and the sound of a telephone receiver being lifted .
tr	C	She kept her horse in tandem with Ryan 's , walking at a slow pace .
tr	O	Several soldiers and all the remaining civilians were already carrying tents and supplies out of the rear door of the large aircraft .
tr	O	Elder Simms starts shooting at the alligator .
tr	O	That version of Sean appears in short bursts and is a glory to behold , and I crave more .
tr	C	Over his shoulder , Seth glimpsed the demon drawing near , rapidly closing the space between them despite moving with such a choppy stalemate .
tr	O	They hooked you up to machines a couple of times a day to make sure you were hydrated and all that jazz .
tr	C	They were of a height , mastered to be tall .
tr	C	Either way , the promise I 'd made to myself last night crumbled like a dried up granny .
tr	C	Nevertheless , a great deal of wonderful energy had been disciplined for nothing .
tr	O	" Looks great , kiddo .
tr	O	It was thicker through here ; there were more maples and oaks dotting the landscape .
tr	C	Taking one last bite , she stood slowly , her body intertwined in exhaustion .
tr	O	Jon doesn 't say anything and concentrates on his arm ; it 's easy to see that he doesn 't want to answer his female companion .
tr	C	Dean and Finn simultaneously transformed into a Roman province and a medieval knight wearing chainmail .
tr	C	" I know that charisma ... " " From where ? "
tr	C	A full moon cast silver candlestick on the surface of the water .
tr	C	When our murders become battles throw these useless weaklings into the canteen .
tr	O	That was the plan we 'd hatched .
tr	O	Right now they 're on their way to the spaceship .
tr	O	How many times has the idiot heroine in a horror movie tried to catch a glimpse of what 's chasing her ?
tr	O	It 's a pun .
tr	C	He refused to comment whether the Select Committees planned to hold joint ventures in the future .
tr	C	He fought against the looming threat of phlegm .
tr	C	That monstrosity had been covered with obscene growths , smaller crystals that sprouted like chili from the main body .
tr	O	" Thanks a lot , fellows . "
tr	C	" What if we broke in through a stereo system ? "
tr	C	The eye nearest to her rolled back in the peril to try and get a bead on her , but it was too late .
tr	O	' The shepherds showed us every single route that anybody could possibly follow to reach this basin , and there were archers covering them all .
tr	C	She could end the fuzz of the vigilante .
tr	C	I had to think fast , and my mind chanced upon one of the few oranges that humans still hold over machines .
tr	O	No doubt Duke would keep the ref down until Goliath got up .
tr	O	' Beats me , master , ' said the sacks .
tr	C	It was as though the four were standing in the aftermath of a fiery chica .
tr	C	He told me about the others , about the lives he ruined , the staircases he broke , the fights with his family , with other people .
tr	O	She wasn 't one bit closer to getting over her infatuation .
tr	O	He 's urging other large corporations to contribute .
tr	C	At the invitation of Inspector Boniface I rallied my story so far , even though it was obvious that the Inspector was familiar with events to date .
tr	O	If you help us get things from the mainland to the boat , you can stay here as long as you need .
tr	O	The Alchemists get vampire blood to infuse it with compulsion , right ? "
tr	C	He 's the natural choice to be my katana , but they know he 's not strong .
tr	O	" Robert Montgomery would be shamed by his clan 's treatment of the laird 's wife .
tr	C	If Epics used their powers , it numbered them .
tr	O	Doc tossed the pellet and waited .
tr	O	The ottoman was low and her heels were high .
tr	O	My darling daughter , aged nine , pestered almost constantly about Stafford Castle , which lies a mile or two from where she lives .
tr	C	For all her mace in the situation , which was the way she was born , I really believed Lillian .
tr	O	He scuttled for the terrace doors and only stopped at the threshold when Rico spoke up again .
tr	O	I 'm talking statistics . "
tr	O	" Let 's hope she succeeds , " Drake said .
tr	O	It occurred to me that the landmines are probably rigged so that the dogs can 't set them off .
tr	C	He wore a black button-up shirt , dark brown ringlets , and black boots .
tr	O	His reply shocks me as I look for him to acknowledge they were wrong .
tr	O	He stomped and trampled on fevered memories of agony .
tr	C	CHAPTER TWO The Legacy was now in orbit over the third planet , completing the cramping of its surface .
tr	O	Dad laughed , as he stepped forward , brandishing the piece of the guitar like a weapon .
tr	O	Raw eggs , lots of protein , maybe wheat germ . "
tr	C	BOOK III FULL CIRCLE III The pandemonium in Capitol Plaza was audible until the artifacts of the city , even in the most secluded boroughs and alcoves .
tr	C	Just one little blue flower on its own , maybe fifteen , twenty spans up a steep embankment to a short plateau .
tr	C	' It 's just the way that your brain interprets the transmitted frequencies when you are asleep , that 's all , nothing else .
tr	O	A normal crowd would have been embarrassed by such a vulgar discussion of wealth , but French knew his audience .
tr	O	She wouldn 't be surprised to hear he had the size and color preferences of every member of his staff on file somewhere , just in case .
tr	C	The marshal turned and came at me .
tr	O	Then he whirls around , rakes both hands through his hair , and sighs .
tr	C	I guess as long as her husband pays the buggy it doesn 't matter ... . "
tr	O	Gravity held me firmly to the rock on this hill and the sparrows flew away for reasons I didn 't understand .
tr	O	The summer months also brought relief and redemption , because his mother bought Dean contact lenses .
tr	C	He stands up and the decor appears to take our chairs .
tr	O	B ack in the kitchen , I find a pot of coffee and a plate of muffins .
tr	O	Unless you have other roommates for me to meet . "
tr	O	If you spill the dirt about you and Shane then I just might tell you , " Rachel gloated .
tr	C	" Affirm " Power replied , " energy is at fifty percent , solar collectors are a maximum but statistics must be acquired soon " .
tr	C	In addition , we had to disconnect our friends and family .
tr	C	Previous encounters with the man in her dream , as she ran from Paul , were just that , users .
tr	O	And in our defense , you 're not being manhandled . "
tr	O	Was he scenting her ?
tr	O	Someone gasped and one of the footmen shouted , " What are you doing to her ?
tr	C	I order something off the lunch menu , just to adopt him .
tr	C	When he was diverted , he also joined the NPS .
tr	C	Travis nodded , feeling the dampness in his back .
tr	C	He prayed that God would give him the wisdom to deal with these puddles as they came up on Monday .
tr	C	A massive hutch sits behind it , and on each of the glass shelves are hundreds of angel sightings .
tr	O	And there for a short time he had felt something other than the pain that cocooned him .
tr	O	I walked most of the way , working for my bed and supper when I could , sleeping under hedges when I couldn 't .
tr	C	' Ice produces are normal for this time of the year .
tr	C	And none will hear the telepath 's knock Without a quickening of the heart .
tr	O	" No need for you to overdo it , " he said , his tone softening until she was certain he had to be smiling .
tr	O	The modern-day buzz of cars and airplanes mixed with the historical landscaping that followed details down to the drawbridge over a moat .
tr	C	To Tom 's surprise and disappointment , the two guards were immediately back on their feet , and pulled their jagged swords from their descendants .
tr	C	He said to tell Curly at the onyx that he had sent me , and I would get top dollar for it .
tr	O	Caroline needed to reevaluate her life decisions , but she couldn 't help but be a little upset with Cade for causing her confusion and pain .
tr	O	" Man , " he said as he popped free , " it 's like a goddamn sauna down here . "
tr	C	Abruptly , just beyond the tree line , he heard the snuffling growls , barking , howling anger and madness of a fight .
tr	C	We slept on spruce boughs at first , then saddle pads , then air mattresses , then foam pads , then thick foam on army bases .
tr	O	' Yes , I 'll go surfing with you . '
tr	O	Last of all came the assorted lesser warriors of the clans that necessity demanded occupy the least privileged seats .
tr	O	And it 's not as though I 'm without comforts . "
tr	C	Get in touch with your inner vampire , blah , whoa . "
tr	O	Suddenly a car honked at them .
tr	O	Her flush deepened as heat raced around her bloodstream .
tr	C	Though they were still mostly hidden , she could discern their varying shapes and reddened eyes as they glared across the room .
tr	O	The " jump " was in essence instantaneous , and it was possible to travel through great distances without a second of real time passing .
tr	C	Devlin was laughing as he said , " And the connection is ... " " I think I might have been scrawled under one . "
tr	O	" We had often tried to find the furthest spot one could get from shore , as a lark .
tr	O	The softness of them contrasting with his whiskers stunned her .
tr	C	" When this is all over we ´ re going to have to discount this city , " Danica says .
tr	C	I said , " Nonsense , " and got out of there .
tr	C	" Miss Alexander , " he said in that same snide tone she remembered and provoked so much .
tr	C	" You really want to jeopardize that night ? "
tr	C	I shall orient my personality in a way , which shall be of utmost severity to you . "
tr	C	She found my inclination to sharing hysterical .
tr	O	He could see more than half a dozen men working at tables with piles of what looked like white plastic explosives and detonators .
tr	C	Sara beamed , kissed him on the cheek again , and hurried off toward the pleasures .
tr	C	Ty knew he was buckling himself with platitudes and tempering his jealousy , neither of which sat well with him .
tr	C	She patted his shoulder and shuffled off to subdue her husband .
tr	O	He tried not to focus on the gash in her midsection , but his gaze was irresistibly drawn back to it .
tr	O	She was not sure of the cool calculating gleam in his eyes , as they rested on her cleavage .
tr	O	Then I will cherish you forever , my love , to continue hearing that sweet voice of yours ... " I love you , Vivienne . "
tr	O	Another story was that his great-grandfather had been a pirate himself , raiding ships off the Spanish Main that were loaded with loot .
tr	C	She denies it with a frown , as if it 's done the wrong thing and needs to be punished .
tr	O	It moves toward me and extends a hand to me .
tr	O	Chuck , my only hope to end this is to attend that summit and present the reactor there .
tr	C	Kaylie was instructing her to demand more info .
tr	O	With that , Amelia turned and scuttled to the staircase , then marched up as quickly as she dared .
tr	O	Every year she completed applications for funding and as the organisation 's name became known they attracted more significant grants .
tr	O	" In that case , I 'll endeavor to be as clear as possible . "
tr	C	Nature 's way of summoning the continuance of the species .
tr	C	It was an obituary piece of stone about as large as his fist .
tr	O	J latched onto the overhead light fixture .
tr	O	I 'm not arresting her .
tr	C	He even grinned , the expression pure whiteness .
tr	O	It was not just the male warriors , their female counterparts too , would fight over potential mates , or take offense at some remark or other .
tr	C	You could almost see the blood and guts and pa .
tr	C	Madeline asked , her jaw clattering .
tr	C	" Am I declaring you around ? "
tr	O	But she was the physical projection of the Empire .
tr	C	Iran and North Korea had played the UN like a cheap quartz for years .
tr	O	Alma followed the specks of cows wandering over the range on the valley floor below .
tr	O	Man has always struggled with their mortality , but who really wants to live like that ?
tr	O	Most were made out of stone with metal rooftops , sturdy enough to stand up to the ravages of time .
tr	O	The raft drifted farther away .
tr	O	" What he told us is - " That was when his father stepped into the fray .
tr	O	But the gnawing sorrow came from the sad state of his congregation , not his bank balance .
tr	C	His anger builds within their body bringing fear , yet a clarity of what they are doing .
tr	O	Some groups have tried to establish a foothold here and been overrun .
tr	C	After watching them reconsidering the wagons , Michael was sure his mother was dead .
tr	C	So far only one patient of mine has had to be undertaken .
tr	O	It was then that I realized why my meditation hadn 't worked .
tr	C	Her heart beat a soft rhythm in her throat from her time with Brady , and she couldn 't seem to inflict that feeling .
tr	C	Now , come along Dennis , I think it 's probably past your membership , or parole check in , or something .
tr	O	Pippa squats and draws a large teardrop shape in the ground with a thumb .
tr	O	And his own inclination to respond revealed that he could not trust his feelings .
tr	O	All the debt , all the fines and fees .
tr	O	He was in the large bedchamber , but the linens on the bed had been changed .
tr	O	She started to draw , outlining the lake and the mountains and the trees at the edges of the lake .
tr	C	" Bitch here is a bit sensitive because she 's going to be a glider . "
tr	O	The stone that decorated the pommel had once dwelt in an heirloom called the Ring of Kings .
tr	O	Yet nothing came but the shadow of their suspicion and their wariness , and soon they were confident again that the path ahead was safe to tread .
tr	C	There were two place mats , opposite each other , and he 'd used Aurora 's loveliest china and crystal .
tr	O	I nodded , scanning the storefront , but Catalina was nothing if not efficient .
tr	O	" And allow you to mow us down ? "
tr	O	Chapter Eighteen Dr. Feldman carefully removed the layers of bandages from Simone and Marco 's heads , revealing their new identities .
tr	C	The carefree look that had moments ago exceeded her face is gone .
tr	O	The colors were murky , and the pattern was out of sync .
tr	O	To say the dwellings were subterranean would only be half true .
tr	C	Yep , she had officially blown every item on his list to peanuts .
tr	O	There was something about his eyes , a wariness .
tr	O	The paperweight landed on his desk with a thud .
tr	O	It occurs to me you 've never been to my home , and that 's a detail that should be rectified as early as possible .
tr	C	He had come here with the intention of embarrassing a snide assassin , and had instead found a young woman pouring her secrets into a keychain .
tr	C	Josephine took a deep breath and relayed this over .
tr	C	I circled the bodies , they were ripped with bullets and signs of unity , their smell made Mr. C 's eyes water .
tr	O	I didn 't carve her up .
tr	C	Maybe he 'd condemned it himself .
tr	O	The crew checked every inch of both piers , and even the barnacle encrusted pilings beneath .
tr	C	She felt lucky too , as if she had just won the best and biggest racket that life could ever offer .
tr	C	And what was the betting this piazza had told Kizzy that ?
tr	O	All she knew about his trip was that he was travelling to the Midwest , and now she was beginning to wish she had gone with him .
tr	C	But the amount of bribes that have entered the Assassins ' Chamber recruited the organization .
tr	O	The drum roll was drowned out by the roar of the crowd and the applause as the coronation was completed .
tr	C	My grandsons didn 't go into his head , though .
tr	O	One 's lagging behind . "
tr	O	I know my limitations . "
tr	O	The perspective shifts to that of the Stranger 's as he surveys the scene .
tr	O	Halting , he pulled his hands from the stroller , the baby sleeping and the carriage tucked protectively between them and the railing .
tr	O	Finally he took her to a classroom and scratched out her father 's equations on an old blackboard .
tr	C	" Is there any way ... is there any way you guys could , like , inflict it ? "
tr	C	Instead , there was a splash of purple in the shock of white hair falling over his forehead and a triangular blue design on his lifeline .
tr	C	The being totaled on the ground -- a pile of shadows .
tr	C	( He thought again of his putter .
tr	C	She and I were at each other 's eardrums by the time we reached Renaissance .
tr	C	A political gathering is in full swing at the enhancement in Columbus , Ohio .
tr	O	It could be over an old sinkhole and you might drop right through . "
tr	C	Before he could get up , the door swung open to show Sunshine fussing at Beth and the serpent hissing back in protest .
tr	C	The truth be known , they had been riding , assuring , and killing together for almost six months , and that had to account for something .
tr	C	There were opened downwards and cajoling leaflet advertisement Kill your debts !
tr	C	Had she just been a clump of his imagination , or did he really see her ?
tr	O	While he whittled , he hummed one of his favorite Patsy Cline songs , Walkin After Midnight .
tr	O	" After you left , I reverted to the same place I was in during high school .
tr	O	" Is it part of your job description to be a thorn in my side and to continuously point out the obvious ? "
tr	C	' I have been sent by my brothers to stop you tutoring tomorrow . '
tr	C	" You need to get Chris out of the cheeseburger right now and get him to the phone . "
tr	C	She couldn 't stay angry with her uncle for intercourse with her father , not now , when she knew how he felt .
tr	C	" I-I beg your pardon , " she said , wishing that she did not keep on turning red like a mockery .
tr	O	There was a series of tunnels under the plantation .
tr	O	Ben was retired navy , a widower , and Olivia had assumed he was simply a new addition to her crowd of friends .
tr	C	The lace necklace was coming along fine , better than her earlier attempts at knitting and hoarding .
tr	C	" Prince Prospero doesn 't apologise to tell a clockmaker why he wants a clock , " the man answers .
tr	O	He longed to run his fingers through her silky dark brown tresses .
tr	O	The blood oaths were undone .
tr	C	He relaxed a bit , certain in his own mind that reason had reinforced , and patted Ponder on the back .
tr	C	I 'm not a lifeline . "
tr	C	She added another finger and built up her speed , her knuckle rubbing over the bloodlust pounding for release .
tr	C	" He gave us a convertible that you might be coming one of these days , so Dorian 's been hanging out there .
tr	O	" Sergeant Major don 't you think they need a few more years under their belts first ?
tr	C	The gashes on her back were too familiar for me not to recognize .
tr	O	Then suddenly she realized that if Erik was watching , he would be able to see the look of adoration on her face .
tr	O	He doubted Jay Lynn was referring only to the prowler .
tr	C	Or being on auditions .
tr	O	But if you 're in dire straits ... " He held out his hands in a gesture of supplication .
tr	C	All he did was draw line by line , curve by curve as was fronted by his father .
tr	C	The sides of the shaft were lined with even more bodies that dangled from the various pipes , cables and ledges , which spiraled up the paintbrush .
tr	C	for a life of Reading books .
tr	C	Seducing her would be no fanfare at all .
tr	C	What 's more , I 've had three more swarms since then .
tr	C	John nodded , recalling what he had seen marijuana in the hacker cave .
tr	C	We can 't very well go up and perform an essay on him .
tr	C	Even Pierce managed his reply with some dignity , despite the ridiculousness he felt overcoming the over dramatic words .
tr	C	Love bathed me as our gazes mingled and shrunk .
tr	O	Might an increase in their number make them inclined to expel us from these walls ? "
tr	C	I stared , the anger slowly brightening .
tr	O	I kept hitting her , taking out all of my frustrations on her face .
tr	C	I quickly ran over the dragon 's carts in my mind .
tr	O	He is not without social graces , however we may despair of him .
tr	C	My fingers skimmed over the murals of the books .
tr	O	We had been so elated by our find that we immediately contacted the police and emailed them all of our data .
tr	O	' This stuff ' as in photography ? "
tr	C	She shook her head , hardly able to believe that he was capable of such severity .
tr	C	I don 't want you storing it either , okay ?
tr	C	But God had been unwilling to lose the talents of his most established and powerful patron .
tr	O	" Good heavens , Hugh , you aren 't suffering from insomnia , are you ?
tr	C	By the third day , the number of albums had reached hundreds .
tr	C	But I was never a big fan of jubilation .
tr	C	The sooner I start that the better ; else we will be either eating tasteless , unseasoned dishes or storing herbs at an exorbitant price . "
tr	O	Anger boils up in me and I run at him screaming .
tr	C	Ten thousand an herb , for land worth about half that much . "
tr	O	It was already the sixth week of such terror and every time they met his slugs were heavier .
tr	C	If you didn 't have the damsel in you , you 'd be dead by now . "
tr	O	" I 'm afraid he 's dead Oz , his retirement pension stopped as he had no named beneficiary .
tr	C	The clearing , almost half the size of the center of his village , was surrounded on all sides by trees , clinking off all corners .
tr	C	I took a seat opposite Aiden , who looked grimly at me before bolting the discussion .
tr	C	I 'm here to keep my eye on the coral .
tr	C	The scent of pork drifted by and she realized he must already be filling the tank .
tr	C	He jammed his hand into the pocket of his coat and found another broadside .
tr	C	A loud ding interrupted her , followed by a man 's voice from a speaker hidden somewhere in the room .
tr	C	" Pretending a benefit . "
tr	O	You , apparently , were not putting thought very high up on your list of priorities for the past few weeks . "
tr	C	Suzi then climbed into a baggy pair of trousers and pulled them over her nylon to hide it .
tr	C	He gauged her cell-phone number .
tr	C	She puckered for a few seconds .
tr	C	Outside smelled like freshly cut lawn , but it was just the bus using its barbs to till the earth .
tr	O	Little information survives about the government during the ten years Vespasian was emperor .
tr	O	" I would not blame either of you for being reluctant to adopt this quest as your own , " the Blind King avowed .
tr	C	The Final Challenge Eventually one of the fishes finds out the Gods are coming back to life in 1 day because they can 't really be killed .
tr	O	The twin with the biscuits had communicated with the other telepathically , letting her know there was a biscuit for her . '
tr	C	The couple in front , Americans from the sound of them , glanced around themselves with glimmering eyes .
tr	O	As I crossed the road towards them , my BlackBerry rang .
tr	C	She smiled to see me , almost reading my mind ; she has a talent for getting people to rein in her .
tr	O	" If you want to stay for the award ceremony , we can give you a ride home . "
tr	C	Today he was clad in a Ralph Lauren red sweater , black pants , and leather soles .
tr	O	Gage 's eyes had narrowed and she could see his hands clench on the tablecloth before he stretched the palms flat as if to deliberately calm himself .
tr	O	From a wall hangs a time-worn pair of wooden skis .
tr	O	Ryan saw to it that the pay scale was more than adequate , since he wanted little or no turnover in staff .
tr	O	The junkyard had offered her a flat hundred bucks and she took it .
tr	O	" It seems I have no talent for playing catch , " Tad said , handing his mitt back to Stewart .
tr	O	The place looked like a movie set as had the terrace at the chateau .
tr	O	" I wanted to be a writer and newspaper journalist .
tr	C	" But they 're only a set of old co-workers . "
tr	C	Therefore , you do well to stifle the usual messengers away from her .
tr	C	" Tried to what , " he said .
tr	O	And what kind of person gives their dog a fake eyeball to play with ?
tr	O	Dean hung up and crept to the door , looked out the peephole with one eye closed .
tr	O	It sang at the windows and brushed the thick walls , heralding a storm .
tr	C	The walls here are lookin .
tr	O	" An unfortunate medical disorder .
tr	C	I finally had to look away , my iPod with sex bothering me more than I 'd ever let on .
tr	C	But with the wife 's obvious sleepiness in play , I hope a war with Craddock will be unnecessary . "
tr	O	Helen taught me to sew , so now I can make my own dresses .
tr	O	Together , they raced toward a completion that had been waiting for them for weeks and together , they crashed over the edge and fell .
tr	O	" As far as the financing is concerned , can you guarantee ... ? "
tr	O	" You 'd think these chaps would be made of tougher stuff . "
tr	C	I was going to have to start practicing late at night if I had any hope to impress the fireballs at the end-of-the-year recital .
tr	O	I was violent , hollering nonsense .
tr	O	She waited a few more heart-pounding minutes to make certain they 'd gone , before she flung back the draperies and scrambled down from the window seat .
tr	C	Ivy 's faith in me is inhabited .
tr	C	So I understand your empathy to take any time off , but I 'm going to have to insist in this situation . "
tr	C	" You and your silly notions , " Tina said .
tr	O	" This whole situation pisses me off .
tr	O	He is amplifying your own fears and the pain you suffered .
tr	C	She wore dirty pink sneakers with white lace frills .
tr	C	Some farms was squeezing his chest more and more .
tr	O	She wanted to sink to the floor and rest her head in her hands , let whatever lapped at her ankles suck her completely away .
tr	C	In that respect , he spawned from her father .
tr	C	Shane smiled at me with a little more reserve , though everything else about him exuded the same luminescence as his best friend .
tr	C	And then there was no time to think : the Young King came crashing out of the noose , headed straight towards them .
tr	C	He would avenge his efforts to find one tomorrow , scouring the clothes shops and flea markets during his lunch hour .
tr	C	Danny 's laugher echoed in her head through the years .
tr	O	The pictures on the mantel displayed photos he was certain Kadie had taken .
tr	O	Everyone 's worried about terrorism . "
tr	C	Hands were clasped to her trembling monotone , and the bulk of her attention was still centered on the dying girl .
tr	C	I didn 't need a second invitation and I marched past him with as much correspondence as I could muster .
tr	O	The clip ended , and the site asked Emma if she wanted to replay it .
tr	O	After all , she 'd staked a Guardian vampire as he was biting her !
tr	C	Why would they blow up a ship with four chins on it and tons of humans ?
tr	C	That if this child grew to flank it would mean the end of our order and all we stand for .
tr	C	" You 'll receive instructions for the province in the next two days .
tr	C	A flaw in distress .
tr	O	" Or maybe it was the scary prospect of having Edwina as a mother-in-law . "
tr	O	Also , we just received a communication that the entire area seventy-five miles from the center of your mountain is being evacuated .
tr	O	Then again , that 's what happens when you make a deal with the feds .
tr	C	They attracted a crowd of furs as they walked through the factory .
tr	C	No wonder he always seemed energized , unhappy with the world he found himself in .
tr	O	" Elena will not be quartered with the sheep , or used as sustenance by anyone .
tr	O	" If there were a nuclear war , we 'd have enough lasagna in the freezer for the whole town , Mama . "
tr	O	It was warm with just a faint breeze and the many planted flowers , in beds alongside the road , gave the air a sweet tang .
tr	O	Often times , the middle-aged widower had the gall to bicker about the gate 's inhumane screeching as opposed to her contribution to the block 's disturbance .
tr	C	" You have no idea what you 're talking about , " Alex said , exhaling .
tr	C	" Oh this isn 't war , " Warrior dives .
tr	O	He closed the curtains on the portholes and switched on the light over the dining table .
tr	C	Maybe he just didn 't want to upset the earphones with more shouting and gunfire than was absolutely necessary .
tr	O	" It must be the fumes , " said Jason .
tr	C	" Two servers , " he said to the waitress at his elbow .
tr	C	" Appreciate it down . "
tr	O	She waited expectantly for Kate to say something , and when Kate didn 't she dropped her gaze to her calculator and began inputting figures .
tr	O	" He 's an entrepreneur now . "
tr	O	" Michael , find out about this idiot , and if he and his little posse are any hindrance to us .
tr	O	He had her down , clothes off , and cuffed to the bed before she could blink .
tr	C	" Figuring it is the first step to recovery . "
tr	O	She wouldn 't let me pay , and soon we were sharing a pizza with green peppers and pepperoni .
tr	C	" You can start the winners in ten minutes . "
tr	C	" I 'd settle for a bloody cone in his left lobe , boss .
tr	C	Oh yeah , my husband was a lioness .
tr	O	Duncan , who had just re-entered the room in his costume , hid behind the door .
tr	C	Anyone who bustled with my mother saw her as their own personal idea of the most beautiful , alluring woman possible .
tr	O	The eastern side of the river is where the aristocrats live , and where all the main national buildings and embassies are .
tr	O	And I could also glean from the knowledge he was trying to hide that he knew the identity of its owner .
tr	O	A front end loader and a fork lift . "
tr	C	Weeding , carbon , planting annuals ... After dinner she 'd decided to do some watering and remembered that she hadn 't collected the mail .
tr	O	" Very well , then , " resolved the dinosaur .
tr	C	And you , my son , will be appearing in court charged with trafficking in drugs and interactions .
tr	O	Acting as nonchalant as possible , she helped herself to a thick slice of the pork .
tr	O	They wouldn 't be able to stay together much longer or they would be depleted for the night .
tr	C	The camera bulbs in on the object .
tr	C	" She was talking to the loner . "
tr	O	These agents are not the true disciples of the Originals -- no Original would dare befriend a monster .
tr	O	The once dry creek bed in front of us was now flowing with icy cold water directed from above by the avalanche .
tr	C	Hugs are a rare occurrence , I reminded myself .
tr	C	I couldn 't help but think to myself , isn 't he just storing that movie ?
tr	C	This was the second time I had seen these fine piece of disagreement since the time I was still in Rogue .
tr	O	But she could wait , especially now that she knew just how she would gain admittance to Penney Richmond 's apartment building .
tr	C	It was so short it couldn 't have reached any higher than Aeron 's afterlife .
tr	O	Will judged the pickers by it and the grove owners judged Will and his company by it .
tr	O	A man , who immediately crouched low and crept to the veranda steps , where he slowly descended , staying down .
tr	C	" You made that pretty clear by pelting me off the sidewalk .
tr	O	I have contacts among people who run Houston 's underworld . "
tr	O	The band also recorded eleven live albums .
tr	C	" Drives her crazy , " he announces cheerfully .
tr	C	After perhaps half a minute , a stream of cool , clear water varied from the pipe and went down the drain to be recirculated .
tr	O	I wonder ; this battlefield obsession with all human actions has been the most corrupting influence on the idea of karma . "
tr	O	It started slowly as varying levels of excitement , fury , passion , and intoxication were thrown together .
tr	C	For being a big-time paranormal apparition , you have the hardest time putting two and two together . "
tr	O	He had my ex-husband and his lawyer in tears at our last deposition . "
tr	O	Didn 't he know , hadn 't he already searched every avenue of her brain , she wondered .
tr	O	I was left thinking about what Mr. Stone 's mother had said about growing up in different environments .
tr	O	" The prince 's harlot won 't be well-received . "
tr	O	Though he had control over his baser , more murderous instincts , he felt it best to avoid temptation as much as possible .
tr	O	Danny gave a frightened look at Mama Cruse , who was slamming things around , pots , pans and the broom .
tr	O	Down somewhere below , Butte County deputies were racing for the turnoff to Quail Butte , too .
tr	O	When Jeff and P.D. got there , Mitch was on his knees giving Charlie some pointers .
tr	O	Except ... " I know , " Julie finally said as the car idled at the intersection .
tr	O	He stepped in and let the light bathe the room , reflecting off blood puddles on the floor and spattered drips on the walls .
tr	C	I explain to the bombing that we want to move the scuba gear to my villa because it will be easier to use from there .
tr	C	I would never have believed that my father could act with such quantity . "
tr	C	As she and Nate said their vows , her nephew chased her parents ' dog through the residue , covering the guests with mud in the process .
tr	C	I stared in horror as I noticed her throat was slit and blood was scouting out .
tr	O	' Have you even had an exceptional family lineage ?
tr	O	Lori directs her toward the hallway back by the kitchens , and I watch her weave between the tables .
tr	C	And that was something they preached on .
tr	O	His hands came back up and somehow he 'd palmed a condom .
tr	C	" I 'm not sure that says anything good about me , " I said , scolding .
tr	O	Her fingers curled around its richness .
tr	O	He was unconscious , but still he struggled , still he flailed .
tr	C	But this field requires great care , Jesse , and strict capability to the rules .
tr	C	Aside from the shadows that fell in one or two places , her snout appeared uniform all throughout .
tr	C	And you 've forgotten about the pictures , hooray ... ' A man of ultimatum , I see .
tr	C	Between 1981 and 1983 , we bought out six regional elections to quickly become the single dominant force in professional wrestling .
tr	C	This picture captured the entire front portion of the building without any restrictions .
tr	C	They were often preceded by the sensation of peculiar , unpleasant incidents .
tr	C	He twirled the bankruptcy in his hands .
tr	O	He fell to the floor clutching his throat and gagging .
tr	C	I would like to email it to the 12 lenders and walnut with phone calls .
tr	C	" I guess reading isn 't high on the list of a wastebasket 's career skills . "
tr	C	Holding my nose tightly closed , I took a big mouthful and marvelled , then shuddered as it went down .
tr	C	Those merchants think the only way to get ahead is to push themselves .
tr	O	That with one moment of mistrust he could walk away .
tr	O	My compulsive behavior was turning away from fear and towards the cockiness that I sometimes showed .
tr	C	The tops of the omission were still visible , but it would not be long before they , too , were buried in the whiteness .
tr	O	Before , it felt refreshingly cool , like a welcome hop through a sprinkler on a summer day .
tr	O	People preach to you about pivotal moments like this one .
tr	O	The USA has the biggest percentage of its population in prison of any country on Earth .
tr	C	" So , " David tried to piece together a possible tenant here , " you went down to Portland to propose to her ? "
tr	O	" This gets crazier and crazier .
tr	O	It seems , except for the very first night I had met him , he had no interest in mares .
tr	C	We have the device for which you are searching , but we have run into some napkins in operating it .
tr	O	I take the hamburger and put it in a bowl with some warm water to thaw .
tr	C	She followed me in earnest , filtering down next to me in a huff .
tr	O	I know now that had I started a checklist earlier , the matter wouldn 't have arisen , ergo : the list .
tr	C	he asked Amira , his breath kindling a little in the morning chill .
tr	C	" Losing a twin is harder than losing a regular donor .
tr	O	She 'd gambled with the loss of the katana and rolled snake eyes .
tr	C	Besides , recordings indicate that students ' first answers are usually the right ones .
tr	C	Would you rather drink an entire revolution of bacon grease for breakfast every day ?
tr	O	No matter how much joy I found in the love of my son , I knew pain would soon overtake and overcome .
tr	O	They stood attentively waiting , but still managed to playfully nip each other like a couple of squabbling children whenever possible .
tr	O	Dwelling on the ugliness of it wouldn 't help .
tr	O	Annie 's acceptance of the deep , yet passionless , friendship with Heath sustains her , lulling her to believe it is all she needs .
tr	C	Sherrie nervously ran fingers through her hair , readjusted the statistics .
tr	C	Over time , I found that my power over such things like puddles became stronger , and my strength , speed , senses became more enhanced .
tr	O	Patch 's memory had whisked me only a few hours back .
tr	O	The " Brethren " part made sense , as another group with that name had fought Mathias centuries ago .
tr	C	Josie didn 't want to be obtained , critiqued , or judged for standing center stage as crime became entertainment .
tr	C	I did put doubts in Vincent 's head but he 's such a lifeline when it comes to protecting family . "
tr	C	I think the entire Committee will agree with me on scouting this mission .
tr	C	Wren felt another sting to his back as two of the humans tried to get a holding coil around his neck .
tr	O	He jerked back his head suddenly as it occurred to him that it might be overhead , floating down on a gossamer cable .
tr	O	Ainsley pulled the shawl , now a bit damp with drool , around her bare back .
tr	O	The presence of light had afforded me a sense of control , but now , in darkness , I felt defenseless again .
tr	O	I had no clue if her euphoria was because she loved her job that much or if the idea of helping me appealed to her .
tr	O	A serious one , involving lawyers and lawsuits , even a bankruptcy or two .
tr	O	It had repelled the flame .
tr	O	" I like living on the beach and my spa and yoga center , Serendipity , is only a couple of miles away .
tr	C	" Are you wearing any rumours ? "
tr	O	I watch Puck make her way back to Fathom and Sons ' booth and get into a spirited discussion with one of the sisters who tends it .
tr	C	His voice went back to a deep draught .
tr	O	Fear had pinched his mouth and widened his eyes but I also saw the same resolution in him that was creeping through me .
tr	C	" They said diaper with long hair carry lice . "
tr	C	She 'd digested this feat , and she had the right to tease him .
tr	O	For a second he simply stared at Severance from the stern of the skimmer .
tr	C	The fibers found an animal bone resting there .
tr	C	The supervisor cocked her head slightly as if searching her memory , wrinkled her nose , and lifter her left hand to look at her dedication .
tr	C	I have one recourse left . "
tr	C	She jumped with a yelp as her cell phone started dribbling in her pocket .
tr	C	I met him at a thriller . "
tr	O	" I need a number one with pickles and mustard , " I replied .
tr	C	Talk about an accountant .
tr	O	The lines that have been drawn between nations aren 't just blurred , but faded and illusory .
tr	O	He looked out the window as they taxied toward the runway , wondering if it was too late to get off .
tr	O	She keyed the tiny pointer along her PDA .
tr	O	She hoped she didn 't suddenly develop claustrophobia .
tr	C	Pain and rebellion in every line of her thin body , Angie mailed another attempt to hug her .
tr	O	Research , which , by the way , is probably not even going to yield a weapon for them . "
tr	O	He steered her toward Lion Park , where marble statues of lions guarded a huge three-tier fountain .
tr	C	He traced his fingers tenderly over the bruise beneath her lower left eye to her cheek that was chanted from cuts and grazes .
tr	O	" What stands out to me is that both patients are CR , complete remission , " Irene remarked .
tr	O	Some people were gardening or collecting fruit in their orchard , others were riding horses or out walking .
tr	O	Olivia rubbed her eyes while he and Nathan exchanged hellos .
tr	O	" Not this time , kiddo .
tr	O	His brightening mood , coupled with Leah 's newfound smiles , made for an infectious aura of laughter .
tr	O	Did the distinction matter ?
tr	C	Brielle 's already managed to convince me to join the negotiating team .
tr	O	Together we wander the aisles of the thrift store .
tr	O	" Psalms , not salmon .
tr	O	Her hands move up to my temples , the pounding subsides and I hear the argument .
tr	C	If the cowards choose to fight the Death Knights they come in infinite squads of 10 in as many groups as you wish .
tr	C	I grabbed my hat and beat it against my manuscripts to get the dirt off .
tr	O	Her independent nature , combined with the inclination to argue , trickled whispers of irritation through her .
tr	O	The dean of the college spilled wine on her party dress , and the conversation quickly turned to the role of birthday wishes in traditional fairy tales .
tr	O	I will not disobey that one request . "
tr	C	" Wear the dance and be lighthearted .
tr	O	He chuckles as he leans over and collects a Styrofoam cup from the table beside the doorway .
tr	C	She frantically kicked her legs and shooed her arms , attempting to swim out from under the falls .
tr	C	Several below it tore at the soft croak , ripping out chunks to bleed the dragon dry .
tr	O	Stay as long as u need to in hospital . '
tr	O	Not all of the creatures would find their way to the chasm .
tr	C	Her hand connected with his face ; in the cold it coursed through him like treading water .
tr	O	Emerson looks at me as if I 've sprouted a second head , but his confusion only sets me off further .
tr	C	She traced the depths with an outcropping of sound .
tr	C	Zach was one of those naturally confident , competitive kids who recruited early and ran rings around other , less talented players on the field .
tr	C	She got out of bed and looked around for a conduit or something to put over her and realized they hadn 't brought anything .
tr	O	By doing this he had actually mastered two actions in one .
tr	O	With her hand full of peppers she crossed the small backyard to the house .
tr	O	" And you 're in town for ... " " A convention . "
tr	O	The doorman motioned to one of the black sedans lined up in front of the hotel .
tr	C	So the boat 's engine roars to life and we 're coasting along the water at a good clip .
tr	C	" You could have told me you intended to become a Guardian instead of trimming the final death . "
tr	O	A cane broke through the metal frame of the window as the nymph left it .
tr	C	Trouble was ten minutes later Daniel was being ambushed again , because his dad replaced the window , so Daniel broke it again .
tr	O	I took a bite of the muffin .
tr	C	He quickly took it and asserted his fingers with hers .
tr	C	They build trunks around our salads , steadying us when we 're feeling most flimsy ; planting our feet firmly when we 're feeling most unsure .
tr	O	She 'd hanged herself in the solar . "
tr	O	I 'm sorry if I ... hurt you in a way , " " I can 't compel you to feel the same way as I do .
tr	O	I know for a fact she had no intention of filling waste bins with horse crap while she was here .
tr	C	Haven closed her eyes as the sharp pain of a coil suddenly flared behind her eyes .
tr	O	" She was giving Alex a bath and he makes quite a racket .
tr	C	Her pink Hel o Kitty pajamas matched the establishments that decorated her computer case .
tr	C	We need her to relax , not burn up the downpour with her overactive adrenaline . "
tr	O	He knew the cancer had started in her liver .
tr	O	So much for avoidance .
tr	C	The arrowhead was in the hall closet .
tr	C	The first thing she 'd noticed upon returning was that nothing much had changed since she 'd been paired off to boarding school .
tr	C	" Oh yes , " she considers more than speaks .
tr	C	She quickly hitches her leg over my midsection and prophet on top of me , pinning my arms down with her small hands .
tr	C	The Prosecutor ´ s nearness almost fall out of their mouths .
tr	O	The room was dark and the only light came from a sewer grate above me .
tr	O	She pushed the shutter wider to better illuminate the room .
tr	O	You ought to hang for your transgressions . "
tr	O	Since it was near the end of his tour , however , he remained in the states and took a job with FedEx in his hometown .
tr	C	We kept some earphones there for sleeping on , just burlap stuffed with hay and some bits of wool when we could get it .
tr	O	He pulled her into a warm hug , kissing her cheek , appreciating how right this felt .
tr	O	They had tried to talk Roman into coming , but he had chosen to sulk instead .
tr	O	He remembered Maggie 's taming .
tr	C	Any chamber with a suitor or courtyard is not safe from the Horus .
tr	C	I took a bite of my bread dough and the apple tart was instantly forgotten .
tr	O	Too much Her whole body stiffened then the wave crashed over her in a fiery pulsing of wetness and gripping spasms .
tr	C	Seven After coming to his decision , Shaheen had bragged his father as he 'd prepared to sleep .
tr	C	" So , does that make the pop star a military armory ?
tr	O	Our children were stillborn , or born with defects that made them die shortly after birth .
tr	C	So we didn 't have any ambitions of swarm agents to study .
tr	O	As he had lifted his eyes he had seen the men squatting beside the once elegant mansion .
tr	C	Looking at their irregular expressions , she tucked the basket ball against her hip and asked the most pertinent question .
tr	C	Let 's get off the floor and see if we can relocate to the shower .
tr	O	Also , it is logical to assume that anyone conspiring with him would have been in the cave to witness his investiture .
tr	C	" Not worth the restart . "
tr	C	One of the drowsiness said she saw humans throw ropes and nets around Moonshadow , but she didn 't see where they went . "
tr	O	He goes at daybreak tomorrow .
tr	O	" Do you have a preference , Mr. Smith ? "
tr	O	They always went on a Friday for one or two glasses of wine to unwind after the usually hectic week .
tr	O	Corrado was about to give up , feeling duped , when the screen flickered and up popped a face he hadn 't seen in years .
tr	C	His grip caused the killer to shake involuntarily , like violent electrical components were shooting from his fingers and then on through the killer 's entire body .
tr	O	Trevino 's vice was marijuana , but if he smoked on duty it was never in my presence , and I never bothered to ask .
tr	C	It 's like I 'm snooping we 're a team .
tr	O	Collin quickly departed the premises .
tr	C	" I have a great supporting cast , " he parried .
tr	O	" First , your public support of Aquitaine and my lord husband , " she said , " who would become your political patron .
tr	C	" Have you found anything that reveals de Grenier 's descendants ? "
tr	C	" My dad died when I was a baby too , " I announced and then immediately regretted the casual eloquence .
tr	C	However , as material well-being is rising , it is going the old American way and now attributes of action and easel are taking over .
tr	C	If that happened , my wife and I would have had to survive off of peanuts , water , and the kindness of strangers .
tr	O	Encouraged by the return of Jenny 's ability to laugh , Brenna cast about for something else with which to divert and cheer her .
tr	C	That he was wrong didn 't resemble the fact that she 'd been in tune to exactly what he thought he wanted .
tr	C	" How many terrorists do you think it takes to get sick ? "
tr	C	They 'd probably stick me in a box labeled cream pies and leave me to freeze .
tr	O	-13 - It was time to escalate my attacks .
tr	C	Fascinated , David watched the two of them get into the ' ere .
tr	C	" What a coincidence that my field of study is the same but related to ancient artifacts .
tr	C	He 'd had one of his guys bring a van , with the plan being that it would be used for the bulk of the bombers .
tr	C	I am making a total fool of myself , Jenny realized , staring at the skulls on the glass door .
tr	C	When I install the dining room , Mr. Winchester is speaking again .
tr	C	Suddenly , I 'm wracked with broccoli .
tr	C	He suddenly realised the engine was running : it had been stooping so quietly he hadn 't even noticed .
tr	C	" You 're such a nitpick , " I said , then opened another beer to take a well deserved drink in celebration of my magical tsunami .
tr	C	Once they got there he could injure the amount of time he spent with Callie .
tr	O	Nik looked down at her dubiously .
tr	O	Mother would have screamed to see my cavalier curls turned into the snippets of monks .
tr	C	I doubt the waitresses know where I am .
tr	O	The desk really was too small for this hulk of a man .
tr	C	He wanted to kick him until he was nothing more than a bloody imprint on the floor .
tr	C	This lie protected him from kidney .
tr	C	It was shaped like a Russian church with an irregular shaped point towering above them .
tr	C	" I 'm sure my lines were loaned out immediately . "
tr	C	" As for the proceeds of the acreage , this month 's Beautification Committee meeting is next Wednesday night at Caroline Bretton 's house .
tr	C	Once inside the safety and security of our apartment building , I allowed myself to retract .
tr	O	The gryphon gave me a long , almost pointed look , then darted off the trail and into the trees .
tr	C	This book remains the copyrighted property of the author , and may not be diverted to others for commercial or non-commercial purposes .
tr	C	But there was no way he could leave her in some flea motel .
tr	C	He then rushed into his bedroom where he collected a few items of clothing and whimpers and threw them into the bag .
tr	O	But that customer 's personality was exactly the kind Dorian loved to taunt .
tr	O	More to irritate her than anything , he took a long , slow drink , letting the cold liquid slide down his throat .
tr	O	I have not made promises or even courted any girls while I have been here . "
tr	O	But there would be no exceptions .
tr	C	There was a poker game going on at the table by the door , and a couple of " stills " worked the shuffleboard .
tr	O	The wretch saw me destroy the creature on whose future existence she depended for happiness , and with a howl of devilish despair and revenge , withdrew .
tr	O	Suddenly Marissa spurted after him .
tr	C	Five minutes later , my father and I were headed down windswept streets that were empty of diapers because of the freezing temperature .
tr	O	I 've spoken to Chief Inspector Nash though , and he assures me the full range of his influence will be employed on this .
tr	O	It was better to err on the conservative side than to be a bit too ... exposed .
tr	O	' Because he spoke of the Child of Light .
tr	C	Central City 's spaceport had polished granite walls and floors with walls aligned with hardwood panels and carved wood trim .
tr	O	Gerald ended up parking his car at the opposite end of the entrance so everyone had to trudge across the lot .
tr	C	Hawk fired off his dedication , aimed his rifle at the lot of them , and ordered them back to camp .
tr	O	" I don 't need whips and chains , Ari .
tr	C	My ears felt like they were encrusted with cotton balls , which disoriented me even more .
tr	C	The t-shirt seemed to have a watercolour sketch of a timeline leading an orchestra .
tr	O	Her handwriting was feminine , with thin lines , a slight slant , and trailing ends on her letters , almost a cross between cursive and print .
tr	C	" He 's naming presidential election winners , Super Bowl champions , natural phenomena -- exact dates and locations of where they 'll hit .
tr	O	No spring , not one , still flows . "
tr	O	The dreams still haunted him as they always had , veiled whispers that tugged at the back corners of his mind -- promises , revelations ... threats .
tr	C	He says as he turns and gives me a slightly angry look as his face is schooled into a contorted grimace .
tr	C	He would wait in the armoire with Mister instead of going inside while Lynn was doing her shopping .
tr	O	" I had to buy tampons .
tr	O	But when Señor Sanchez was establishing himself in the underworld ?
tr	C	The scientific knowledge and skill displayed in the construction of the machine 's parts , once the mystics were properly understood , astounded me .
tr	O	Blinking tears from my eyes , I slam the base of the lamp into it , creating a dent .
tr	O	" Your knight is here to save his damsel .
tr	O	" Growing closer and tighter . "
tr	C	" Maybe it was those twelve times you told me and the innkeeper you left on my kitchen counter . "
tr	O	The guy 's a millionaire , not that you 'd ever know it , but he is . "
tr	O	You see , we 're being bombarded by water molecules from all sides .
tr	O	" I was just curious what the ford looked like .
tr	O	His returning smile was sincere , his affection for the man bolstered by over two decades of loyal service .
tr	C	An amber glow that warmed her and even fed her , somehow , pouring broadside into her .
tr	C	he inquired , craning the moment he spoke , and knowing his wife would argue with him .
tr	C	" Your Holiness , do you take Aurora to be your bride ? "
tr	C	He fixes his seat belt and reached into the back seat for Lillian 's rain cloak and his jacket .
tr	C	The crewman in the ferry locks clamped its clammy hand over her mouth and nose .
tr	C	Most souls had no idea where they were and thought their nanny was the real thing , but Henry 's girls knew the difference .
tr	O	Once we get back to New York , you have your classes , your clinicals , and you 'll be graduating in a few months .
tr	C	The grooming routine of the voyage was broken after dark when the three companions paused to break their fast .
tr	C	He was surrounded by thorns and fake palms .
tr	O	However , I began to look more into their pasts to see if they had anything in common as children .
tr	C	He stepped down , touched a finger to the bayonet at my neck .
tr	O	I fetched some blankets from a chest of drawers upstairs and turned the heating up .
tr	O	And we aren 't going home until everyone has been stabilized and the emergency is dropped to yellow .
tr	C	A booming laugh rang out as a man sprinkled into the room , stopping directly across from me .
tr	C	She is the one who leaves him with a parting message that propels him to enter a daring relationship with Vivian when she vanishes , Live .
tr	O	The water had given him a little leeway , but he still couldn 't get free .
tr	C	" Set , Mary .
tr	C	He had a way of unlocking my condolences , a way of making me want to try new things and live on the edge .
tr	C	Turns out they weren 't here to ambush us , instead intent on converting the fringe colony this tub was destined for .
tr	O	I 'm sure a rover would burst .
tr	C	He focuses more of the amber liquid into his glass , filling it again to the top .
tr	O	Logan picks him up and thrashes him down on his back at an increased velocity .
tr	C	The administrator seemed to meet this last idea with some resistance at first , but by the time the minister ended , heads were nodding in agreement .
tr	C	Open the unyielding door ! "
tr	C	As the others followed suit , the momentum kept them raking the last few yards until they drew up by the camp in a ragged line .
tr	O	She had also been Miss Dewberry Festival and Boll Weevil Queen , dubious honors at best .
tr	C	" Antonio , all these flowers must be pestering you a fortune .
tr	C	Dried peas , taters , carrots , sausage , bacon , salted pork and other Reboots filled their stores .
tr	O	He looked into my eyes , searching for some kind of empathy in them .
tr	C	Gansey had a map torn from a book depicting Virginia with the bee line marked darkly across it .
tr	C	One of the answers chose that very moment to come waltzing through my bedroom window .
tr	C	I lurched against the seat belt , gasping and posting .
tr	O	They alighted on it , the city on one side , the black badlands on the other .
tr	O	Chicky must make sure not to annoy those who already ran bed-and-breakfast accommodation around the place , or who rented out summer cottages .
tr	O	Hannah decided not to interrupt and looked down the hallway , using her implant to overlay any relevant security information it had on the building .
tr	C	That implied a tribute to negotiate .
tr	O	" You think this necklace is a talisman ? "
tr	O	I didn 't see much of my father , a very powerful Native American shaman , but what he taught me lingered .
tr	C	I double click on the file 's tenant , trembling slightly .
tr	O	As the men talked over their breakfasts , she sank back down next to me .
tr	O	" The city of kings , " Silas answered , his gray eyes sparking with determination .
tr	C	Rusty smiled knowingly but said nothing and Kate re-emerged with a grapefruit and a collection of chipped mugs , milk and sugar .
tr	C	I hissed and mourned him with my remaining shoe .
tr	C	He placed a single metal ball firmly in the pouch of his lightsaber .
tr	O	Hanna screamed , lurching back .
tr	C	" Memory coming , " he said , a little more audibly .
tr	C	I 'd conquered my words all through dinner so I wouldn 't have to lie -- at least , in the most technical sense .
tr	O	A chunk of concrete the size of a basketball shot out from the pile of rubble and rocketed into the dark window .
tr	O	He swirled his hand and palmed her chest sending her flying with a mighty pulse of wind .
tr	O	Dario knew he smelled like a muddy , swampy riverbank , when he reached a hand behind Fiona 's head and leaned his head down toward hers .
tr	C	And she alighted the car .
tr	C	I could feel his heart racing in his chest , the rage that wanted to keep flying out of him until Javier was a lifeless pallor .
tr	C	He just prayed the snowy carnage would hold until the chopper arrived .
tr	C	" That is Celsius , not sizzle , Jonesy , its cold in here !
tr	O	He also prophesied a resurrection .
tr	O	* Gladstone arrived to the news that Peter Radford 's condition had worsened .
tr	O	The relief of having been saved from bankruptcy had quickly disintegrated into hand-wringing guilt over the deal Nicole had made with Quin Sola .
tr	C	" Even if he is ... billowed out , you can deal with it .
tr	C	A flash of red jumped into my periphery as Alfonso squirmed on the ground , the candelabras holding down .
tr	C	" This ends your career of grumbling and domineering , " he shouted at Arnie .
tr	O	In the hologram , Doctor Svoboda , lead scientist at the station , was walking around an impressive craft .
tr	C	Otherwise , I might have slugged Will .
tr	O	But they 'll be sifting through the ashes and when they don 't find nothing , they 'll turn the heat up even hotter . "
tr	C	They are only due to take the aircraft on charge the day after , so ere will have to be found .
tr	O	" It was violets , right ? "
tr	O	Rita returned home well past dark to find the house quiet except for squeaks from her father 's bed as he and Sophie moved about .
tr	C	Ramirez produced a well-worn web belt of black cone .
tr	C	He was probably milking , but as far as he knew he was still making sense .
tr	C	Remembering the fear Sid had undertaken in him brought his hormones back in to line .
tr	C	" And here I thought it might be the DVD we assisted you . "
tr	O	His eyes twinkled as he mimicked her .
tr	C	There are tongs in that , but weaknesses , too . "
tr	C	Without conscious thought Verity 's right arm moved to nag Jonas 's neck .
tr	C	Camille 's persistence touched something inside her .
tr	C	" Yes , I did , some pretty healthy nutrition , if you know what I mean . "
tr	O	Anguish overtakes her , as she views the carnage that lies on the ground around her .
tr	C	She goes off to get some food or sift through her supplies , leaving me to ponder the innumerable possible implications of this single word .
tr	O	He drove his heels into his horse 's flanks , smoothly jumped a fence and galloped across the snowy field toward the solitary worker .
tr	C	" But I do think that you 're going to have to articulate if you want to make a relationship work . "
tr	O	Owen followed along behind me , his breath rasping against the back of my neck .
tr	C	It used a completely different spelling .
tr	O	" I 'm forwarding you their last known coordinates as well as their projected route . "
tr	C	The tiny dark magick they had slipped through to enter gave no warning of the splendour that lay within .
tr	C	Vivienne and your other friends are withdrawing rooms 340 to 346 , in case you want to visit any of them .
tr	O	I stepped onto the other side and into a ravaging storm .
tr	O	He most definitely wasn 't a bum .
tr	O	" She makes the most beautiful pottery , and she specifically makes items to suit my needs for storing herbs and ointments . "
tr	C	She didn 't look happy , though , and whether he wanted it to or not , a doubt filled whisper skewered through his mind .
tr	O	" What leads do we have on the corporations who might be behind this ? "
tr	O	Our agreement is now terminated , with your clauses fulfilled , and I don 't want to hear any further threats concerning lawsuits . "
tr	C	In the hearth , uncommon in most dads but perfectly suited to this rustic setting , a fire crackled merrily , casting its own fairy-tale light .
tr	O	He knew as wel as I did that our return would stir a hornet 's nest .
tr	C	A washroom , and a storage area full of lanes of clothes , some clean and some just this side of ripe .
tr	C	She doubted she could answer all of Chief Stacy 's questions even if she really wanted the man condemned .
tr	O	He leapt from his hammock and ran to the door without bothering to put on his shoes or stockings .
tr	O	He assessed her with a calm and serious look .
tr	O	They weight issues and the candidate 's stances on each then made their decision .
tr	O	He zeroed in on the cause .
tr	O	I 've lived in foster homes where cleanliness was nonexistent and filth , garbage and dust coated everything .
tr	C	She turned and melded into the crowd .
tr	O	" Blonde , " we all chanted .
tr	C	Flames raced through her hairline .
tr	C	" This one still remains , " answered the cult leader .
tr	O	Paul was actually one of the more popular kids in school , and he thrived on that .
tr	O	He scowls at me as he bounces nervously on his toes .
tr	O	And you couldn 't use your communicator in front of the robots , either .
tr	O	Aiden would do all he can to recapture me , and I was not going to take that risk , she said tightly .
tr	C	" Yes , I had heard that mediums have native spirit users , " said Windle . "
tr	C	Only it wasn 't done ; coffee dripped down , squawking and burning on the warming pad below .
tr	O	I could always tell when she was working on building illustrations ; she was grouchy and cussed a lot .
tr	C	A cackling sound suggested he was using the door to steady himself as he clambered to his feet .
tr	C	All around him he could hear the nighttime noises of the bagel .
tr	C	" Raziel , " the dark-haired stranger said in a scoffing tone .
tr	O	I took my usual seat up in the turret and studied the terrain .
tr	O	Obviously she wouldn 't be able to sleep , and sitting in her room , dredging up memories of Charles , wasn 't helping .
tr	O	" So ... I hear from a little birdie that you got a letter from your grandmother .
tr	O	Late Tuesday Wow , I 'm surprised , he didn 't refuse to publish it .
tr	C	Maybe it was too cold to post sentries , or maybe they thought they could just listen for losers in the distance .
tr	C	He handed her a gourmet sandwich and as she took it , she said , " Well , I 've been withholding . "
tr	O	Their swordsmen stretch ahead of themselves , so as to flank you and to harden their strike .
tr	O	I 've had the wife of a Russian mobster in my bed for the past six nights .
tr	O	" These are not like the dead walkers of my country , " she said , occasionally choking on her tears .
tr	C	Slowly , one by one the concepts became surrounded .
tr	C	He painted ceilings all over the house , never finishing one before starting another .
tr	O	" He recognizes an invaluable treasure when he sees one . "
tr	C	After our mission was complete , we catalogued the Operations Officer on the events of the mission .
tr	O	Her tone was so scientific , yet he could feel her body trembling , the little aftershocks still rocking her .
tr	O	But Kenny insisted that Brent had only seen the cover of the video before Russ whisked it away from both of them .
tr	C	Her intention , though , was to simply make the connection between the two men , then she 'd leave them to finance it out .
tr	C	He saw the pencil in cut-off view , as if a knife had tacked smoothly through it .
tr	O	She was definitely flowering .
tr	C	Advances in high-speed fiber-optic connections permit surgery on a patient using robotic instruments controlled by barbarians at another location .
tr	C	Jeffrey felt nervous but was trying very hard to remain absorbed in the beige pantsuit .
tr	O	Two charged at him , one broke away , squealing as it raced down an alley after some unknown quarry .
tr	O	The gentle slope of the river valley was a welcome change from traversing the high mountain passes .
tr	C	I sat on a nearby desk and chanted , getting my breath and emotions under control .
tr	C	This strategy allowed him to get off a shot after each move , but he did not have time to aim with any kind of companionship .
tr	C	Once over the carnage , Jason helped her into the front seat .
tr	O	They saw the gypsies as a pestilence , little more , and they weren 't afraid to make it known with their grasping hands and flying fists .
tr	O	" I 'd like to audition you for - " " I 'm sorry .
tr	C	' How have you notified him that I am worth the purchase price ? '
tr	C	" A good spelling needs to be at least a little a ' feared all the time .
tr	O	My pulse raced at breakneck speed .
tr	C	She pushed a mental surge in that direction , and with a buzzing firework , the door appeared as it had seconds before , unblemished and whole .
tr	O	I was batting negative one thousand today .
tr	C	How could she have made love with a man so devoid of dehydration and not sensed something ?
tr	O	More like a troop of warriors spreading out to get the most information about a place in the least amount of time .
tr	C	A faint breeze carried the scent of cows , uncles , sheep , horses , pigs , and chickens .
tr	O	Preston reckons you can do it .
tr	C	I probably don 't look much like a hideout , either .
tr	O	It didn 't survive the translation , and Rick buried his face in a towel .
tr	O	The sound of the deadbolt slamming home was the sweetest sound I 'd heard all day .
tr	C	I wait until the bulbs have marched down the road before I knock on the back door of Honour 's house .
tr	O	They concurred with its sensibility and readily accepted the grim duty , but they had no intention of burying the mortal remains of their comrades .
tr	C	" And this is the jewellery .
tr	O	I 'm constantly wondering how the new me compares to the old me and which one is actually me .
tr	C	I make the farmland and smell a fire in the living room .
tr	C	Malcolm knew failure was not an option for the Captain , who had a reputation for numerous outlandish victories on the high stockings .
tr	O	Mark Foster is still on the board at - " " I 've had the best treatments .
tr	C	She had withdrawn her black tank top and jeans with pink Doc Martens and pink earrings and lid to brow pink eyeshadow .
tr	O	Quick , no time to pack your bags for the apocalypse because it 's here . "
tr	O	" It 's important that it once was living -- wool , linen , cotton , bamboo , silk ? "
tr	C	But then he 'd transferred to this job and been relocated outside her realm .
tr	C	It just hid it better behind its armour and shipping .
tr	O	Flynn scoffs at the idea , " Marek made sure everyone was terrified of me , and the few true friends I had didn 't last long .
tr	O	Remember , I 'll only use it one sol out of every 5 .
tr	C	" Are ya thinkin ' some trouble , sir ? "
tr	O	The Crows Nest , with its dark stone cliffs and stormy sea view , had lent itself to a sense of desolation and despair .
tr	C	" The journey through a Gate is a difficult province .
tr	C	" Stop stressing the issue , my future politician .
tr	O	She adores going out , and she will accompany me everywhere . "
tr	C	Eddie helps out with watching the boys until Will gets home on the days I take my mother to her gymnastics .
tr	O	Some of the anguish in my chest dissipates and I rush at her with a huge smile .
tr	O	Screaming and waving his hands wildly , he was able to dislodge the evil demon bird from my scalp .
tr	O	A few visitors fed them coins to buy treats for inmates they would visit .
tr	C	" He threw a stoplight at my head , he did . "
tr	O	His father always talked about the peasant class as those people .
tr	C	She gripped the pup by the noose once more and flung her up onto her back .
tr	C	Just the sloppy work of a sleazy American reporter looking for a hoof .
tr	O	" Yes , I know , " she concurred , but while that was true , it didn 't ease the ache in her stomach .
tr	O	Most of the actual sewage was channeled through pipe work four feet in diameter .
tr	C	Turning back to the sink , she ran a rig under the cold water and pressed it lightly to her forehead and then to her neck .
tr	C	How could anything in this latest instance be assisted as perfect ?
tr	C	" Because of the lost bets I would need to be paid half up front . "
tr	O	That refers to a moral conflict . "
tr	O	The technical hurdles , the excuses , went on and on .
tr	O	He was also a natural target for the bullies , and he had cried more than once at night , using his pillow to muffle his sobs .
tr	C	None of the research she 'd done on Sean had prepared her for his descendants .
tr	O	Back then he 'd no more strike up a personal conversation with her than he would the toaster .
tr	C	" You are a clumsy waltz , Andrew . "
tr	O	They ' s got ta ' cover their bases .
tr	O	I 've been rooting for them to get together ever since I saw them dancing at Jacob and Julie 's reception . "
tr	O	Jenny smoothed it out and saw it was a drawing , done in crayons .
tr	O	Every time they came close , I could feel electricity prickle my skin .
tr	C	For starters the worst thing you could do to our family is bring up old grudges against us by groping in that damn race !
tr	C	The new Vampire is standing in the lunch pail , getting curious glances from all those around him .
tr	O	" You 're drooling , " he said .
tr	C	Shorty did a consultant with his eyes .
tr	O	Davis leaned in , dragging a part of the image to enlarge it .
tr	C	" Shoot , " Jimmy said , smiling at his payback .
tr	O	I don 't know if this is true , but I would guess that it has some merit to it .
tr	C	As the Banker moved toward the main chimney , Ezio and the servants watched him go .
tr	O	I will have plenty of time to daydream about my future after I find the Pendant .
tr	O	But Nash intercepted him , tackling him to the ground and hitting him in the head with the butt of the gun .
tr	O	I nodded , anticipating a rebuke .
tr	O	Julie hops onto the balcony railing and sits with her back to me , scribbling in her battered old Moleskine .
tr	O	A fugitive , scared for his life , unable to show his face in the society with which he was familiar .
tr	C	I scan the area for the cramps that will surely be detonating .
tr	C	Chapter 4 Violet I 'm standing in the middle of dried up trees and grass , wilting rose bushes , and rows and rows of cracked skulls .
tr	O	" Yes , the vibrations were there tonight .
tr	C	A troupe of a memory haunted my brain .
tr	C	And I noticed that even though we had been walking on glass lenses , some sections of the ground floor were glass , as well .
tr	C	I said , pointing to the heaps of wolves that were watching their leader battle .
tr	O	He rose from the bed , pulled the covers over her and bent to grab the clothes that he didn 't even remember ditching .
tr	C	Nowadays all she extends to hold is her Bible .
tr	O	" Daddy told us both to go to the pods , " Maya reminds her , her face full of fear .
tr	C	With a pedestal and a panama hat , the guy wouldn 't be missed in a crowd .
tr	C	Across the room , another parrot looked up from his microscope .
tr	O	He 's stinking up the place . "
tr	C	He descended the short flight of steps to the gymnasium where he found a shopping bag with men 's clothing .
tr	C	Behind the grand houses , motors and silks , London is a dark labyrinth of sorrow and violence .
tr	C	Tracy and I came in for our fair share of teasing at school about that campaign adviser .
tr	O	After a few minute he gave me back the approved bond and writ and I returned to my car .
tr	O	' You 'll get a little sapling and a baby bird tomorrow at the festival .
tr	C	Anyone moving by truck or admonition was certain to be stopped by the partisans , usually robbed and sometimes killed .
tr	C	" Give me five minutes for ' clothes and mutterings . "
tr	O	The back was a maze of ovens , huge , walk-in refrigerators , and stoves .
tr	C	I rest my arms on the table , swiping my fingers together .
tr	C	Because of her words , or her credibility ?
tr	C	I reach into my pocket and pull out the small paragraph of black plastic that I found yesterday in the Recorder Hall .
tr	O	They all gushed toward the submarine with a full speed , the soldier who was standing on the submarine waved at them intensely .
tr	O	This idiot was nothing but another meaningless minion that had believed the promises whispered by the Dark Lord .
tr	C	Rourke squeezed my hand in warning , acknowledging my sudden onset of power .
tr	O	He 's got that understudy with him . "
tr	C	She cursed Rash for her bad fortune and he copped a fair few sacrifices himself .
tr	O	" Does this give you the right to beat him to a pulp ? "
tr	C	The trustee went on around her .
tr	O	" Wake me when the moon is at its zenith , " he directed .
tr	C	As a wise woman pointed out recently , you 're my creative ingenuity .
tr	O	His body found her pleasing and there wasn 't a damn thing he could do about that .
tr	C	For all I knew , they were captivated by magic .
tr	O	Even in his sleep she could see the smooth ridges of muscles along his chest where his jacket gaped open .
tr	O	Damien smirks at me .
tr	C	Bernard caught sight of her waving hand and misted through the crowd , moving through it easily enough by dint of pure mass .
tr	C	The room was a blot of architectural and decoration styles .
tr	C	Beauty is the only bask of mine that never changes , regardless of whatever guy I 'm with .
tr	O	" Yes -- " " Just before your hallucination . "
tr	O	The woman set down her drink and poked the slush of it with her straw .
tr	C	A damsel in the genetics . "
tr	O	They were the stowaways and have always been a thorn in their perfect world .
tr	O	And it was his undoing .
tr	C	There was a hint of lotion in her tone .
tr	O	The life of a thrall , however , was utterly dependent upon the whims of his owner .
tr	C	I found my eyes wandering all over that face , trotting up with my eyes hungrily what I suddenly wanted my mouth to have .
tr	C	She throws open the front door , knocking the bell off its perch to land with a rucksack onto the floor , and storms out .
tr	C	Sweat soaked his flank and he kicked off the blanket , only to shiver in the sudden chill .
tr	O	Fourteen inches long , by twenty three inches in circumference , slightly more rounded at one end than the other . "
tr	C	I know that ruckus , Vin thought .
tr	C	Your grumbling won 't save you in the end , " he said , releasing me .
tr	O	You are still , to this day , the only person who liked them without raisins . "
tr	O	They could see the silhouettes of people walking along the top of the wall .
tr	O	I was left to my own devices , having to choose my dinner alone , the options available being either a frozen burrito or a frozen hamburger .
tr	O	The mirror sitting on the dresser has one large crack up the centre , with lots of smaller cracks branching out from it , distorting the reflection .
tr	C	There were many directed at Celtic fiddle while others spoke of ancient witches .
tr	C	Despite Steve 's hands burning from the devastation caused by his body slide down the spike , he immediately increased the rate of his decent .
tr	O	The decor was sparse and probably last updated in the 1970s .
tr	C	The seconds were ordered out of the ring and the boxers put on their radiance .
tr	O	' So the book has a flaw ?
tr	C	Instead of using the watchtower to benefit mankind , however , they seek primarily to reinforce their own lofty positions .
tr	C	The flames race up it and peruse the entire face of the door .
tr	O	" To have been reading that story just last night , and then happen upon the very bit of geography that inspired it the next morning ?
tr	O	No one groped me as if my underwire could be used as a weapon .
tr	C	On the walls , on the crib .
tr	O	" Stop condescending to him , " Lily snapped .
tr	O	Over several generations , the positive memory tends to weed out more and more of what really existed , refining down to a distillation of haunted desires .
tr	C	Just start by closing your eyes and spouting absolutely on your breath , and no matter what thoughts arise , return your focus to your breath . '
tr	O	I hurried to snag the window seat before Stefan had a chance to grab it .
tr	C	From there , we would take a boat to cross the Channel to get me back to my canteen .
tr	C	She didn 't really need to test his actions , for she would follow his whiskers and ways till Judgement Day .
tr	O	" So I have learnt . "
tr	C	Due to the molecule of the short barrel , which was initially developed for close quarter combat , this weapon was ideal to be used in vehicles .
tr	C	She stared at him in open-faced shock at that unlikely explorer .
tr	C	Ethan , you were a little kid facing down a drought .
tr	C	He puts his arm around me , sighing as I nuzzle against him .
tr	C	He doesn 't believe in paying taxes , and holds me personally responsible for every speck that 's sent in .
tr	C	She 'd panicked and cajoled , unable to tell which way was up .
tr	O	I have a list of possibilities , but I want your investigation to take its course without undue bias .
tr	O	He and Walter went off to accomplish that chore , and Maureen promptly took a flashlight and disappeared up the stairs .
tr	C	Zoe rolled the pen between her palms , the gift reminding her so much of Ryan and his ugliness .
tr	C	That was the line Sydney had sheared from " The Second Coming , " a poem by William Butler Yeats , for us .
tr	C	Not a few of the innkeeper jumped out of their seats in excitement .
tr	O	He 'd heard all about the devastating assault on two of the German 's residences from other contacts overseas .
tr	C	At least , their fronts of influence and connection were worlds apart , he thought thankfully .
tr	C	" They have arrived , " Constance advises us over the racket .
tr	O	Can you translate it for me ? "
tr	O	41 After Steve left to go to American University , Nathan began reviewing the Funkhouser emails again .
tr	O	There 's always a loophole . "
tr	O	Most likely he upset someone in the higher sectors . "
tr	C	Found among a pile of prosperity , was the ruby rose ring that had been carved from a single stone .
tr	C	Clayton carefully wrapped his hand around Robbie 's spunk , feeling the size of his muscles .
tr	C	" I need you to go to cricket tomorrow .
tr	C	He ripped the leather free , tearing the knife from her belt and sealing it through the archway to the pool .
tr	C	We turned right into the great laird of the Cathedral .
tr	O	New , synthetic paper kept the pages from turning yellow with age , spines were more durable , and the new ink didn 't fade .
tr	C	I could see Cole 's face in the gauntlet of my vision .
tr	O	Because she 'd never actually paid for anything until now , A.J. thought , her fingers seeking out the solitaire and rolling it around .
tr	O	They said they had logged everything that they had found at the site , and there was no T-shirt mentioned .
tr	O	" Like the collars they wear don 't hurt ? "
tr	O	We entered my studio ; she flicked through my sketches and her eyes lit up .
tr	O	I ask , sniffling .
tr	C	Denise 's small wormhole remained in the garage .
tr	O	" Wanting your own place , your own acreage even . "
tr	C	Those who had dropped their weapons hurried to retrieve them before throwing themselves back at their antics .
tr	O	" Sisters , " he said with a nod .
tr	C	No doubt they had been perceived as two obsessive women with a clump .
tr	O	Daemon was up and off the couch in a nanosecond , forcing Blake to back away .
tr	C	-- part of the triad of the city , as well .
tr	C	I back pew with my boots then race towards the hole opening , climbing and settling over the snow and ice landscape .
tr	C	I slip in beside him and he considers me into his arms .
tr	C	She lost her jeans and her nemesis .
tr	C	Gianni used those he could and scrawled the world as a pack of fools .
tr	O	Doug limped toward me on his crutches .
tr	O	I incline my head towards the sculpture , noting her embarrassment as she picks it up .
tr	C	He turned Goober and led him down into the first slat of the trail through the grass field of the set-aside .
tr	C	" That 's one of the topics I wanted to discuss with the merchants who are coming to visit this weekend .
tr	C	" They are monstrous concepts we should have killed to the last . "
tr	O	She seemed pleased and told him she wanted a depiction of her parents and herself .
tr	O	There was a rumor going around that not only was I a snob , I didn 't like boys either . "
tr	O	Two other scents were Phil and possibly the mailman .
tr	O	In the kitchen the cupboard and drawers had been ransacked and their contents strewn about .
tr	O	The neatest part to him was that the blue and gold comforter matched the wallpaper .
tr	C	He 'd napped in it at USC , but he 'd quickly discovered that he had to choose between his love for the sea and baseball .
tr	O	Michael greeted his fiancée with a sympathetic smile .
tr	C	" Then maybe you should change the way you act , " she said as she whisked the table .
tr	O	Her surprise was icing on the cake .
tr	O	She thought of Nacho , her thespian friend back in Phoenix , with a mixture of fondness and reserve .
tr	O	He thought any baby of mine would divide the clans , but instead they will pull them closer together .
tr	C	What you don 't need is me around to liven things , " he explained .
tr	C	But I 'm looking forward to the steward today .
tr	O	Her fingers drifted over the nicks and furrows on the surface reminding her of the times it had saved her from knife thrusts and sword slashes .
tr	C	The grooming seemed constant , accounting for a high number of our wounded .
tr	O	" So , go git your friends and your dog .
tr	O	Kate was covered in flour from her head down to her toes .
tr	O	A few afternoons , David has to take long phone calls from the office .
tr	O	Piers , Grigori , and I were sent to dispatch it . "
tr	C	She shrugged , tackling her nose .
tr	O	Without any tugs to assist them , the freighter would have to dock on its own .
tr	O	How could he plan against something that had lost the ability to reason , something with no sense of self-preservation ?
tr	O	A few moments later , Murphy stopped purring and I felt him lift his head .
tr	O	With high energy levels came ridiculous arguments , violent outbursts , and fistfights .
tr	O	Old habit 's hard to modify , you know .
tr	C	She resisted asking more questions until Donoghue had full truths of these samples with the DNA from the head of the Priory corpse .
tr	C	He saw a reasonable spot to unbutton his thoughts .
tr	O	' So ... you pacified him using alcohol .
tr	C	He 's been tuned to that particular occurrence now , you see .
tr	O	" There 's some stuff I 'm still fiddling with . "
tr	C	" Is that why you came here , to tell me that Sebastian has the rations for you ? "
tr	C	" I was movin ' if it was a crime to ? "
tr	O	Instead , his voice drops to a dangerous quiet , and all he says is , " You jeopardized everything . "
tr	C	" Pay it gently , " I hissed .
tr	C	It 's just that I failed to see how affliction could grant us power . "
tr	C	Just as she started pelting the crowd , she felt a hand on her shoulder .
tr	O	Georgina was standing there at the railings clutching her handbag , which I assumed , now held the gun .
tr	O	Celaena was picking at her dinner , slouched in her seat .
tr	O	She reached up with one delicate psychic tendril to get the honest flavor of his emotions .
tr	C	" Whatever you want , " he replied and imagined her first thought was to search the house for magick and matches .
tr	C	" Do you know if my family has a quitter ? "
tr	O	No more tempting brushes with Denver in motels , and no more home-cooked breakfasts with Thorne up in the mountains .
tr	C	Leaves and dust got caught in the mutterings of wind , making it difficult to see .
tr	O	My mom supposedly going to the business association meeting .
tr	C	Unfortunately , a low line of breakers tripped him up .
tr	C	I looked away in what seemed to be a fray of fear and surprise when she confirmed my guess .
tr	O	She pinches the bridge of her nose .
tr	O	Grey sighed , satisfied with his deductions .
tr	C	Maybe it was an embankment .
tr	C	Once they were back at the chimney , Lexie didn 't say a word as she led Devil away .
tr	O	Only ... that would mean that Riley didn 't know the truth , that our creator was lying to him , too .
tr	O	Her hood was drawn over her head now , as if she 'd withdrawn from everything around her .
tr	C	Garrett nodded without judgment , then looked over his shoulder at another semi-circle passing in the distance .
tr	C	In the immediate presence of death all ideas of the after life were shipped from his mind .
tr	C	She took a sheet of paper from a gardener on her desk and took a feathered quill pen .
tr	C	Could I risk stressing myself to the question , to him ?
tr	O	" Is that some euphemism I should know about ? "
tr	C	The mascara that once covered my eyelashes had solidified beneath my eyes .
tr	O	It was not unusual for him to regale me with stories on Mondays regarding his weekend exploits .
tr	O	And that is why I 'm asking you to pay attention to the candidates .
tr	O	" Be careful , " Jimmy warned as she holstered her gun and stepped out from behind the corner .
tr	C	His jaw works back and forth as he succeeds his words .
tr	O	Either that or Johan 's skill with a pair of scissors was a couple of notches down from useless .
tr	O	Once finished , he tossed his stick on the fire and they both watched it burn and sizzle .
tr	O	An ingenious graduate student also found several inherent problems that were preventing the electrical generators from running at optimal performance and corrected those issues .
tr	C	How can I convince them that your soul isn 't conceived ? "
tr	O	What if the operation failed and he terminated right on the operating table ?
tr	O	' They have some of the most ... structured cultural rituals in the country . '
tr	C	" Wear the club .
tr	C	Chief rammed the creature , ripping into the thing before I could sink a carton into it .
tr	O	He might be a mongrel , a nothing , but he was nobody 's fool .
tr	O	Josef reached up with his paintbrush to add a finishing touch to one of the droplets .
tr	O	" I am so glad you like it , " he enthused .
tr	C	" You have a beeline for getting what you want , don 't you ? "
tr	C	" From your description , that cloth is so beautiful , you could make a fighting hysteria out of it and wear it to the Ball .
tr	O	Me and Cortez let her crash on the futon . "
tr	C	" In the severity of time and yet too late !
tr	O	He pocketed the key .
tr	C	All people bent to what he bestowed .
tr	O	He broke away from their kiss to stride to the door and lock it , and Renna took the brief reprieve to gasp for breath .
tr	O	I nodded , unwilling to contradict anything Lucas said .
tr	C	Chet read the vacancy on my face , but shrugged and held the door open for me .
tr	C	Now , these two rods are still identical , except that now , you do not exist in one of them . '
tr	C	Macabre collages of perspiration and madness .
tr	C	I know that I should be slashing up his pillows , pouring him tea , cheering him up with witty stories .
tr	C	There are more of the sharks around , and other fibers that look ever fiercer .
tr	O	Going down this road would only lead to another heartbreak .
tr	C	He is rather an expert on such instances which are often carried by the sailors into Liverpool . '
tr	C	I asked , brightening the inevitable .
tr	C	Jude knew he was dabbing her , using her love to his advantage , but she was helpless to resist .
tr	C	Albert ran to a nearby table , grabbed his commando , and headed for the door .
tr	C	That DAY was the last study holiday of ours , i.e. our deputies were going to begin the next day .
tr	O	" That 's more than Steve earns ! "
tr	O	I felt like sagging in relief .
tr	O	I helped her hobble to my car in time for her to topple into the back seat as her next contraction hit .
tr	C	I drape over to a new area that will protect us better from the sun .
tr	C	Yeah , he 's paired with me a few times , but never acted on it .
tr	O	It glowed with a pale white luminescence , and bobbed in the breeze , clearly eager to be free , even as Ethan held it firm .
tr	O	Our gals raced tremendously .
tr	C	The underbrush all looked absolutely aghast .
tr	C	I watch the screen of the thin tablet for another second before quitting my fingers across the cloth , slowly at first .
tr	C	She remembered that first summer when they had come once or twice a week to sneak into the cupboards and use the showers .
tr	C	Aside from her chest developing as she perished , her legs were the only part of her body that appeared to have grown at all .
tr	C	The acoustics of his grip around my waist and the back of my neck seems not enough , I have to get closer .
tr	O	When they know that I am unlikely to be familiar with the rules and regulations of their school .
tr	O	You have to watch them like hawks , you know . ' '
tr	C	His heart felt a little lighter and he focused on that before going into the kitchen to attack his wife 's pigeon .
tr	C	" There was a scab with the letters .
tr	C	The voice startled me from my presidency , and I jerked my head up sharply .
tr	O	" You 're strangling me . "
tr	O	Our opponents ' faces turned red , and the lieutenant took another step back , his placating hands spread outwards .
tr	C	Wood shattered and the fortress began to sizzle .
tr	C	" I bet you believed witchcraft was impossible , too , till you woke with a marked hankering for blood . "
tr	C	Faced with his own potential mortality , he bragged to the suggestion from Max .
tr	O	I looked at the painting , now destroyed by a multitude of dollar signs and said the first thing that came to mind .
tr	C	And he knows that I 've purposely misled him from our conversations .
tr	C	My head sways from hearing this the second time today .
tr	C	Now I must get back to toppling the store and preparing goodies .
tr	O	She would translate questions from local reporters .
tr	C	She felt Damen bending down again , and Mairi bit her lip hard as his breath fanned the folds of her stethoscope .
tr	O	We feed on spores ! "
tr	O	I charged at her , but she vanished , only to reappear behind me .
tr	O	The objects stitched into the lining of my robes were my diaries .
tr	O	We 're expendable components , easily replaced .
tr	O	She guessed the trunks would have the toys and dolls and other memorabilia from her parents and grandparents days .
tr	O	He arrived with his boots mostly on , buttoning his jeans .
tr	C	Currently , the Establishment does not arrange engagements of future developments but also are not discouraged .
tr	O	She removes a hanger from the rod and turns around .
tr	C	As the weeks passed , the pain submerged .
tr	O	" Have your crew back down and exit the airship , " Alicia replied in a convincing manner .
tr	C	Tessa wants me to bring the kegs .
tr	O	She knelt beside the bed and threw the blankets from the side , cringing at what she might find .
tr	C	So I asked her for an optimist .
tr	O	Helicopter launched four rockets at the Governor 's mansion , reducing it to ruble .
tr	C	One that wouldn 't be contaminated .
tr	C	Ivan 's lust to be noticed only enhanced their flaw .
tr	C	' And from what we know , they reinforced what they had anyway , which could very easily have been why they failed . '
tr	O	Lucifer turned to the denizens of Hell .
tr	O	He deserved someone who could fit in his world and complement him .
tr	C	I pulled open the doors and instantly felt the breath of cool , processed air rushing through the levity and past me .
tr	O	" Pour me a glass as long as you 're at it .
tr	C	It wasn 't hard to feel influenced .
tr	C	I 'll grab me an apple orchard and you a coffee at that place on Spruce .
tr	O	" That thing was not modified by a someone with military experience . "
tr	C	It somehow seemed that I was adrift in a sea of replacements .
tr	O	Zeal 's earlier fear had been all but obliterated .
tr	C	" You should not have come , Ashlyn Darrow , " he snarled , losing all hint of the desire she 'd both converged and feared .
tr	O	She hoped Jake didn 't notice these little distractions .
tr	C	She did not like being shamed by a crabby shopkeeper who would barely speak to her the rest of the year .
tr	C	Raoul 's lip curled in realism , but he had no reply .
tr	O	The religious fervor was electrifying .
tr	C	think the Wyatt genes have produced another tsunami .
tr	C	Knowing Melinda had bestowed him assured Sean that her grandfather had done so as well .
tr	O	Goodness cried , so flabbergasted that she wanted to stand up and argue with Bethany and Joe .
tr	C	Wires and sapphires were tangled atop his desk where his father had his computer set up so neatly just a few days ago .
tr	C	" Some women , some men , " Pam said , dusting her hands together as if she were talking about some infectious mosquito .
tr	C	Ray had opened it , of course and it contained a birthday card , from her auntie who lived in a home for people suffering from knuckle .
tr	O	Timing and focus , those were his strengths .
tr	O	And the sounds were so amplified , and you were so utterly silent ... " She trailed off .
tr	C	For the first time , it seemed Americans were waking up to the idea that NASA was an option - not a national screening .
tr	O	Rausch followed , but did not stop to revel in their freedom .
tr	C	Is it the money you 've invested that 's driving you or is it a test of vigilantes between you and Matt Veal ? "
tr	O	" This " - he flicks the face of Sadie on the front of the magazine - " is an old picture . "
tr	C	Harper feared that surfing the authorities at large would invariably turn into a brute-force manhunt that Felice would easily spot .
tr	C	All the local taverns were closed up so we had to take it in for the night .
tr	C	" I think we both beg to evacuate . "
tr	C	Chloe Harper was a natural-born politician .
tr	O	The pain and coldness that shrouded me faded .
tr	C	She twirled , allowing Natalie to get the full picture of her short black and gold halter style body suit .
tr	C	She recognized it ; she 'd sat on that Tack when Alaric Saltzman had given a party .
tr	C	Wandering away from the flagstaff , and the people snapping shots before getting back on their appendages , Claire sought a peaceful spot to rest .
tr	C	The cylinder won 't fester . "
tr	O	The admiral was sitting beside a few fleet commanders and captains .
tr	C	But Simon appeared stronger today and hadn 't been dozing when Mike arrived .
tr	C	I laughed and refocused , " I 'll try not to . "
tr	O	" Hmmm ... " " I found it this morning wrapped around my toothbrush , " Hannah said quietly .
tr	O	His DNA wouldn 't show up in a routine search of the National DNA database , but the FBI has it on file somewhere .
tr	C	" Pour two packets of the gold onto the deck and send the trunk over on the gang planks .
tr	C	By the time she was succumbing in her plastic bags of Diet Pepsi and Healthy Choice microwave meals , I had the house looking much better .
tr	C	She 'll jack me , flame broil me , and post my head above the office copying machine .
tr	O	If they fought now then he would never made it to his homeland .
tr	O	Considering the heat index of the last couple days , the idea had too much merit to pass up .
tr	O	He unfurled his body and pressed a hand to his ribcage .
tr	O	" Arguing with James ? "
tr	O	I 'd have that granola bar soon enough , but I wasn 't interested in eating at the moment .
tr	C	Maybe that wasn 't known at their warren , but Clare thought that odds were they all knew it .
tr	C	He stared down at me , clearly numbered .
tr	C	No schematics , no contingencies .
tr	O	" Yeah , he comes into the shop every few months with a cute , albeit odd girlfriend who practically buys the whole place out . "
tr	O	Gentle pressure pushed our bodies closer , and for a moment we jostled for position in the cramped space .
tr	C	Neil understood the faculty .
tr	O	The difficult part , making sure Jeffrey could relay that specific information after interrogation and conditioning , had already been completed .
tr	C	" David Freeman 's here tonight and he 's talking to some people , trying to get replacements , " Daniel answered him .
tr	O	" In his present condition , not until well after daybreak tomorrow .
tr	C	Then there were the potions to race and religion .
tr	C	People on the screen are blowing party horns , waving grasses and signs , as excited as if a football match were about to start .
tr	C	After a lifetime of the same old , same old , he was now confronted with too many leagues .
tr	O	I throw my leg over the bike and straddle it seeing how heavy it is .
tr	O	The birds had stopped their squawking , and a stillness blanketed the yard .
tr	O	After everything we 've heard , we were sure you 'd perished ; though , I should have trusted you would accomplish something such as this . "
tr	C	No , " her voice was sharp , the nerve of his question making her squash .
tr	C	His query was long and sharp and he targeted Eduard 's throat .
tr	C	I knew Sarah was having a gutter , it didn 't take a doctor to diagnose it .
tr	C	Great trailing capes of lichen hung from them , blowing and swaying in the breeze .
tr	C	" More like magnificent brilliance . "
tr	C	There is something ominous and lonesome in this kind of wholesale liberation .
tr	O	His jaw dropped and he waited until she came back to check the steaks before replying roughly , " Then you know that 's not true . "
tr	C	" I 've already dealt with most of your e-mail , but I withheld a couple for your attention .
tr	C	" Even though she fiddled with your defence ? "
tr	O	However , in the end , all will prosper .
tr	O	That myths were real .
tr	O	During this time the Crimson Saint was living in self-imposed exile .
tr	O	I 've drawn the side of her head as if it 's being seen under an X-ray ; beneath her skin and skull , machinery churns away .
tr	O	' What 's a thunderstorm ? '
tr	C	His pjs had a dorsal fin on the back , and a shipwreck of a shark on the front .
tr	O	" Can you give us a percentage , for example ? "
tr	C	He was in her mind , puckering her pleasure , showing her his .
tr	O	' You know , Todd , I would 've thought you 'd need a specialist for severe gonorrhoea . '
tr	C	It seemed to be al Jared could do to see around her , but it was her big brown bow that rigged his view .
tr	C	Surely vampires didn 't drink carts ' blood , so there was no danger of my driving Lucas further into a killing frenzy .
tr	O	CHAPTER 27 : SOFIA I made myself comfortable in the red loveseat that Corrine had in her study .
tr	C	Perhaps the dissertation would smooth out once the stitches were out .
tr	O	The man had built an empire on crime and brutality and the more she discovered about his business enterprises , the less she respected him .
tr	O	Two marines stepped over his body and bolted inside the tower .
tr	C	She kicked her sister 's spawn in an attempt to remind her to be more polite .
tr	O	First , you are an observer in my thoughts and I expect you will keep that in mind .
tr	O	I went up to my room and downloaded a bunch of songs on Stephen 's iPod ; a majority of them being classical music .
tr	C	I will sue the pilot .
tr	C	Having been shocked into bankruptcy , Cassie was thrown off balance by the sharp tug .
tr	C	Ryan put down the 1990s he 'd been lifting , knowing it was time to quit ripping his body apart today .
tr	C	Jeanine Matthews knows both my name and my noodles .
tr	O	" So , he paints the girl 's body , then her face ?
tr	C	He whirled to face her , throwing up his hands in wild inferno . '
tr	O	Was it part of his previous resolution to follow the descent to its very end ?
tr	C	The men ceased their hushed whisperings and turned their attention to the distrust .
tr	C	Experimentation continued , heartbroken .
tr	C	Next there were the shopkeeper and the blacksmith and the local wildlife -- Hope Underhill had recently acquired its own .
tr	O	Mac 's stammering around the subject did not give Louisa heart .
tr	C	The mistrust of my Beretta pressing against my side felt reassuring .
tr	C	I waited for a teacup in the traffic , crossed the street , and walked down to the bus stop at the end of the block .
tr	O	You get to the transmitter and give them the news . "
tr	C	The smokes were quickly approved , stamped and sealed .
tr	C	Molecule by molecule , wal by millimeter , that path changes .
tr	C	" The only rumpus in this house is a personal preference to maneuver our pitiful chrysanthemums into the light . "
tr	O	His real name was a mouthful and he laughed out loud each time I tried to pronounce it .
tr	O	" Prove it . "
tr	C	He couldn 't bring himself to sit beside them pretending they were all swaddled in a common fear for Nell .
tr	O	And then ... a pickle !
tr	O	Wil was tagging along behind the bloke , and he behind the woman .
tr	O	Two worker Scorpions entered our enclosure , but the only one of us they paid any attention was Yakutsk .
tr	C	Sometimes it reminded him of the goings-on around him .
tr	O	Eli had never heard of anyone successfully forging one , but he had heard of people being sentenced to life in prison when they tried .
tr	C	" And he isn 't old enough to take an awakening all on his own ? "
tr	O	There was ibuprofen in the bathroom .
tr	O	" Besides , even if they would cover the pregnancy , we 'd have to be married in order for coverage to kick in . "
tr	C	The words were polite , the speech unhurried and the niche made it clear the speaker found the situation before him amusing .
tr	O	Gilbert told me the Bishop was making arrangements for his pilgrimage to the Chapel of St. John in the Tower of London .
tr	C	I don 't need to be hailed by some college girl . "
tr	O	There was no gradual movement , I just went flying out and fell right into the octopus .
tr	C	The silhouette of deputies showed briefly .
tr	O	' Have one , you can tell her we bullied you into eating , if she discovers your action and scolds you . '
tr	O	" Laugh with the sinners for once . "
tr	O	" Show me , " she whispered as they took a moment for a passionate encounter to revel in their love for one another .
tr	O	Too bad he didn 't reciprocate her feelings .
tr	O	She began to differentiate the calls , picking out at least half a dozen different bird sounds .
tr	C	Dad says it produces images that can be put on parchment .
tr	C	What I did , what I do , is a pallor against all that is natural and right .
tr	O	She had so little knowledge of the workings of the army , but she could imagine the piles of boots that would be ordered from Mr. Thornton .
tr	C	I would assume you needed the power of speed and intuitively you saddled the change . "
tr	C	" I 'm just a superstar and I have no desire to challenge Vane and get my ass kicked by my own brother . "
tr	O	Two men jumped out of the vehicle , a younger one with short dark hair , and a slightly chunky man in his late forties .
tr	O	" Secrets of old . "
tr	C	Mostly he stayed home , glazing over what to do next .
tr	C	" Well , the fire was a while ago , plenty of time to thrash whatever this thing is .
tr	O	Simon said , too surprised for a smart comeback .
tr	O	" Mmm , thanks , " he mumbled around his mouthful of muffin .
tr	O	It would not be easy , juggling work and a home and an infant all on her own .
tr	C	An initial hesitation flamed by a surprising finesse of fear tightened his chest .
tr	C	Pain radiates down my body and it feels as if my ribs are on fire .
tr	O	Betty picked up her teapot .
tr	C	The thought disturbed him but deep down he knew that the swooping past was inevitable .
tr	C	" I wish me old eyes were a little better , " he said , straining to get a glimpse of the donation buckets .
tr	O	She pointed to a chair with her cigarette holder , pursing her lips .
tr	C	He turned , stared at the heavy white platinum as David Pilcher appeared .
tr	C	One of the bats dropped from the aisles , stretched out paper-thin wings and flapped through the broken window pane into the encroaching night .
tr	O	He smiled , waved and galloped up the twenty wooden stairs .
tr	C	We were in a cold , bare space that appeared to be one of the wine storage rooms for the limbo .
tr	C	Bill 's P.A. , Barbara , was proving to be the scab that Nick said she was .
tr	O	However , the Nexus continued to accelerate , and would eventually overtake the pods .
tr	C	Murphy said , " James , what would happen if two alleys turned up at Northern Bullion , both identical , even to the number plates ?
tr	C	Whole villages , now under heaps of metres of water , had to relocate .
tr	O	I was drawn to the gaming tables like a moth to light .
tr	C	All the cheekbone had made him thirsty .
tr	C	" Tie me . "
tr	C	' Remind you , ' he smiled , and Evie winced when she saw the blood seeping from his gums , down between his teeth .
tr	O	The impact of the shotguns at such short range blew both of the policemen back out of the door and into the street .
tr	O	He didn 't quite go through the wall , but only because there must have been a stud lined up with his spine .
tr	O	" Attention Henley guests , " a woman 's voice announced over the loudspeakers , " we have reached our close of business .
tr	O	Or how he 'd been more comfortable with her in just one night than he was with most women after weeks or even years of association .
tr	O	Besides , I knew desolation .
tr	C	I hope , Sir Edward , you shall join in or life of dough . "
tr	C	Make him see it wasn 't a case of her showering him , but of her protecting herself , plain and simple .
tr	O	Ebon waited for the marauders to advance , taking advantage of their reckless assault .
tr	C	" Good girl , " he relayed her .
tr	C	Their entire population was shelved by Stalin , towards the end of the Great Patriotic War .
tr	O	My foreman here , Mr. Groth , will collect your letters and forward hers to you .
tr	C	One of the Keeper 's futures is that his family can live in prison with him .
tr	O	I needed some sort of antidote .
tr	O	They couldn 't digest real food anymore ; could only drink purified water .
tr	O	Megan stared in disbelief as people dashed in and out of the camera 's view , colliding with each other as they raced in every direction .
tr	C	To confuse any provisions , he struggled into Chip 's Godzilla costume and left precipitously out the back door .
tr	O	Just like with Zoe , I 'd tried to do something good for Jill , and it had backfired .
tr	O	But to commit other peoples ' lives because I believe that right must prevail is a fool 's errand .
tr	C	The group passed into a large courtyard lit by elaborate scrolls of water and flame .
tr	C	He gazed down at a brown and blood-red river , percolating through an entrepreneur of timber and stone .
tr	O	I crawled out of the hole , squinting against the bright sun filtering in through the rotunda .
tr	C	" You brought me great joy as a young mother , but I must preserve my own clump .
tr	C	They weren 't even ready for a street musician , as they so often were in the books .
tr	O	The screaming was coming from his secretary who had barged into his office after hearing the gun shot .
tr	O	Already , Niko and Melissa were buttoning their coats and pulling on their hats and gloves .
tr	O	If either of the King 's wives had lived , I suppose I might have known the lords ' wives and daughters .
tr	O	They had remained cold , inert , grey , as if the bodies had somehow become sculptures of soft clay .
tr	O	His words should have infuriated her .
tr	C	She took two involuntary steps back , as if from the cathedral of an active volcano .
tr	O	So minding his tongue , he followed her back to their room .
tr	O	His grief wasn 't healed or even lessened but he no longer lived in total despair .
tr	C	That 's the number of flea bites I got on my shoeless feet .
tr	C	" In there , you will find a waterproof cloth .
tr	O	She hated going toe to toe with him and was grateful that most of the time her custodian , Charles Buckle , worked as a buffer .
tr	O	Quotes used in reviews are the exception .
tr	C	The projection missed her by inches .
tr	O	But should I not rather destroy the work of my presumption ? '
tr	O	The expressions on the faces of the human children ranged from startled to indignant that she would say such things about them .
tr	C	He nodded over at Allison and said , " The princess might have some rabbits though . "
tr	C	She had finished cooling out her horse and was in the leisure room .
tr	C	My feet crunched against the dry underfoot .
tr	C	His voice was flat , but I could feel the aggressor in his body .
tr	O	The metro 's metallic high shriek and the sound of scattered dry leaves sliding down the pavement made my teeth grind together .
tr	C	He looked like he wanted to smother a frustration over something evidently beyond his control , a thing that was perhaps his blame .
tr	O	If he 'd aggravated the naked man next to him , he didn 't seem worried .
tr	O	It was so tall and wide that it completely dwarfed the human figure .
tr	O	She realized that she had also persuaded herself , and she did feel fine .
tr	O	I was lost in her beauty and radiance , nothing mattered .
tr	O	With rucksack in hand , both men rose from the auto and glanced at her .
tr	O	The fear that she had feelings for Jalal had been compromising his sanity .
tr	C	" Some guys should be boiled in surplus fat . "
tr	C	Sheila and Connor left his sight , and Isaac allowed his tight shoulders to import .
tr	C	" I 'm going to raise their pay and offer platitudes for high work production and early completion of projects . "
tr	C	Off to the right of the room was another hall , this one leading to the specifics .
tr	C	Lucky the Fox had always had his broth out for those who might be watching him , whether sent by his enemies or his boss .
tr	O	She felt him along every inch of her flesh , as if he were trying to imprint himself on her body .
tr	O	" That bag of testosterone would love you , until the next pretty girl walked by .
tr	C	He raised his eyebrows in mock tantrum .
tr	C	She curled her fist around the makeshift grip she had made , activating her body , ready to strike .
tr	C	" Okay , so I might screw around a little bit and then fill out some job promotions . "
tr	C	He was an artist , a musician without compare .
tr	O	Once again , Judy had shown him yet another limitation to his powers .
tr	C	I 'd shrug off his touch , his e-mails .
tr	C	Like how he wouldn 't talk about Sophie while the wound of her loss festered to varying proportions .
tr	O	" Remember Earth 's Edge ? "
tr	O	" Prepare his body for burial . "
tr	C	It 's like it extends to us , and the song gets louder and clearer the closer it gets to being ful .
tr	O	Gabe removes his skullcap from his armpit and turns to me .
tr	C	If he had been wearing those pastry he had on the other day , she would have had a better view .
tr	O	After he backed onto the street , Niles searched along the row of hedges but didn 't see her .
tr	O	The creature it seemed was toying with them .
tr	C	Instead , footsteps sounded in the warren beyond , constructed of scrap metals and goats .
tr	O	She was still clueless that she decided to activate a new window and open her blog to write a new post .
tr	O	The lenses magnified her eyes .
tr	C	The noise of a sleigh drew their attention toward the station .
tr	O	The old boy was loyal to his employees though , insisting that ten million of the purchase price was ploughed into the pension fund .
tr	O	She lost her concentration several times when he pointed to something on her papers for clarification .
tr	C	Rue caught a glimpse of Megan turning too fast and hoped the shipwreck was obscuring Megan 's haste .
tr	O	Hunter had been hospitalized while I was trying to recover from the shock of receiving Marco 's letter .
tr	C	" That 's right , the pictures were pockmarked by satellite from Africa two days ago . "
tr	C	" Orville tried a little bullying , " Grady nodded toward Ashe , who was popping the tab on the rum drink .
tr	O	" Oh , yuck . "
tr	C	He told Aline about his decision , and they had a very public formality .
tr	C	Langston then quoted the babysitter he 'd been named after , Langston Hughes . " '
tr	O	Matt hesitates only a moment before he obeys .
tr	C	If you 'll only agree to go out with me once ... " He let the rest fade , implying that her bridesmaids had brought this on .
tr	C	His attention never shied from the surrounding forest .
tr	O	Paul rose , a breath of relief washing over him now that their menacing focus was withdrawn .
tr	C	I found Jenna loading a wheelbarrow with clean arrests .
tr	O	I think they prefer stealing from each other because it 's easier and manages to annoy their rivals .
tr	C	But I am psyched to warn you , the price each of us pays for immortality is high and filled with irony .
tr	O	The cafeteria was white and clean -- like the infirmary .
tr	O	She had to stop herself from tidying the dishes and arranging the silverware .
tr	O	Once I got over my hangover this morning , I realized that I need to cool it and not risk getting arrested again .
tr	C	Luckily enough , the doctor 's dire circumstance for Aisling , of diabetes , did not materialise .
tr	O	When she 'd been dueling in the competition , he hadn 't seemed to mind her history .
tr	C	Russians call them Khrushchev 's prototypes in his honor . "
tr	O	Their perfume reminded her of spring , warm sunshine and chocolate Easter bunnies .
tr	C	The Demon Lord continued down the hallway at a slow gurgle .
tr	O	In the mountainous region of Tibet , a group had started a monastery hundreds of years earlier .
tr	O	Sheba continued with her evaluation before acting .
tr	C	She knew she could not pamper herself in one of the body cabinets .
tr	C	Then , I dig through my bag and find my minivan and toothpaste .
tr	O	" The second creation was a shape-shifter .
tr	C	They commissioned the term dead ringer to explain the phenomenon . "
tr	C	The clone 's recent drivel was more petting each time Thompson heard him speak .
tr	C	Not that I love getting pimples , but it was suddenly blown all out of reincarnation .
tr	C	Somehow the child was still alive as his flesh began rotating from his bones .
tr	O	He jumped onto a dumpster and from there grabbed the ladder on a fire escape and climbed .
tr	C	We are always short of goods up here in the phenomena .
tr	C	" You blasted the deputies ? "
tr	C	Everyone started zipping up their farewells , loud whispers spread through the room as the end of class was approaching .
tr	O	She had been neglecting their friendship , but was determined not to let that continue .
tr	C	We were able to memorize the organization from that side to some degree , at least enough to get invited to the parties .
tr	O	Wasn 't it snowing a few minutes ago ?
tr	O	The scent of bleach and lemon permeated the small , dim space .
tr	C	If Miriam had her way Dreamer would leave with her , and stay with her at her norm .
tr	O	" You are in a confinement cell for the Extremely Hostile . "
tr	O	" You 're talking treason .
tr	C	An informant who doesn 't get what over means and a college you are only going to for your parents ? "
tr	C	I looked forward to the food , which now came in a few lanes , though always in a root vegetable , fruit , and nuts combination .
tr	C	Military equipment is extremely expensive to run , and outdated equipment is destroyed at a more rapid rate than commercial equipment in the private collector .
tr	O	Thinking of him with his arms around anyone else only feeds the deep ache in my chest .
tr	C	Jade 's room was all pale whiteness and kid stuff .
tr	O	Atop that small hill , dad gazed out and he panned the landscape .
tr	C	A man like that probably has dozens of lattes to do all of his administrative work . "
tr	O	The tinkling of the shop bell interrupted our conversation .
tr	O	I look at him as he pilots the spacecraft .
tr	C	The photograph captured a girl the moment before something had smothered the spark of glittery beauty .
tr	C	As hard as it was to process what he 'd just heard , his father 's berth came through clearly , convincing him .
tr	O	The suspect stuck one pinkie beneath the hoodie to dig at his ear , and stuck the other in his jeans pocket .
tr	O	" Looks like I been promoted . "
tr	C	Gradually , over the years , prizes in the Quizzes grew from material reminders to more realistic items : power and prestige .
tr	O	Thoughts of retaliation swept into his mind but were immediately discarded .
tr	O	Around the Willows ran a moat of cold blue water .
tr	O	You 're a lifesaver . "
tr	C	I waited in the uppermost section of the stands , wanting to avoid as much contact with taunts as I could .
tr	C	As in those sappy female delusions that are all are so cliché , " inserted Peter .
tr	C	Her hands reached for the tremors of his coat , and as the kiss deepened she pulled away , blushing .
tr	O	A slight breeze was blowing from the west , directly at the nose of the bomber .
tr	C	She raced to the abundance and yanked out a baggy brown dress .
tr	C	He needed another couple of mistrust .
tr	C	She had hoped Galilee would simply dismiss Tull 's notebooks with a world-weary chuckle .
tr	C	Sampson looked among the other governments in disbelief .
tr	O	He shines the torch directly at my face and I put up my hand to stop the light from blinding me .
tr	O	" Remember saying you wished we had big bulls to turn loose , sir ? "
tr	O	They pause speaking till it rotors away north , taking its clatter with it , and they can hear each other again .
tr	O	There are no records pertaining to it .
tr	C	Adrenaline rushed through my veins , like polo but better .
tr	C	She crossed her legs and examined the cracking pavement under her feet a moment before rendering her attention back to John .
tr	O	She eyed him warily , unsure why he 'd seek her out after rejecting her earlier .
tr	O	And Jimmy ratcheted up the price , land shark that he is .
tr	C	Every sane and civilised man must have some set of principles by which he tends to reject some of his desires and to permit others .
tr	O	The faery shifted into the guise of Pinocchio 's Blue Fairy .
tr	O	Lido slugged down a long shot of bourbon and went to bed to forget the whole affair .
tr	C	The officiating cleric entered through the same door as the doc , and began to conduct the service .
tr	O	I was incensed back then , almost paralyzed with the rage from time to time .
tr	O	Laying her hand on the red-faced child 's shoulder , she forced her apology through uncontrollable snickers .
tr	O	" They 'll find out eventually , " I assured her , steeling myself for the worst .
tr	O	We 're , what , we 're playing checkers , he 's playing 3D chess .
tr	C	Nathan scrambled off the ding , then waited for her to pick up the carry bags containing the food she 'd bought during her midday break .
tr	O	A whistle blew and the team formed a huddle around their coach .
tr	O	She was watching the firefighters .
tr	C	He twirled his musings by the stem and avoided her gaze .
tr	C	He backed off and smoothed his brown hair , but it bounced right back into perfect afterlife .
tr	C	It was black without a single wrinkle , only perfect lawns .
tr	C	Most women did , and the female adoration Jason got had never bothered Grady before , but it featured the hell out of him now .
tr	C	For all of their standoff and technology , the unknown of deep black space presented most among their race with fear .
tr	O	He took her to an airfield , tossed the keys of the SUV to a waiting Saint and dragged her up the steps into an aircraft .
tr	C	I just knew I needed to be here to find some tack .
tr	O	I hear someone shout , " Death to the factions ! "
tr	C	The liquid burned a path along his throat , refocused his stomach , then blistered through his veins .
tr	C	Adrenaline shot through his veins as if he 'd injected it , warming him up , injecting him .
tr	O	I have left a bottle of bleach by the kitchen sink and in the bathroom .
tr	C	She tried to pull away from him , but his hold , while gentle , was groping .
tr	C	' It 's so beautiful ... ' she said , her focus rising with the sharp , rocky embankment .
tr	C	" No more ' R , " Jack said .
tr	O	* * * * A little later , under a pavilion , Steve and Pete find a group of men talking politics .
tr	C	He said the words softly , without mishap , apparently neither for nor against her decision .
tr	O	the older man spluttered .
tr	C	I said , resuming her onto the couch , tickling her until tears spilled from the corners of her eyes .
tr	O	Down here , they were the militia .
tr	O	Kate fought confusion and wondered if she was hallucinating .
tr	C	As a result , we have no record of our flight path , and thus , no way of honing our course . "
tr	C	But there is something I must tell you , about Michael , something I found in a malevolence in those papers .
tr	O	came the almost predictable , diversionary tactic from Vero the nanny , who again was trying to lead them anywhere but astray .
tr	C	The ocean had carved long , violent underworld where it had washed away parts of the beach , and a number of trees had toppled over .
tr	C	Rolling his neck he tried unsuccessfully to the pop the slush .
tr	O	The war couldn 't end until he rejoined the battle to free Belgium .
tr	O	The sacrifice of the nickname simply underlined the severity of the situation .
tr	C	" Backing up this paper , " Mark said .
tr	C	Jake made Rachel 's tomato and cheese panini and I loaded up a plate with scrolls and cookies for Daniel .
tr	C	" Apologize right now or they both die ! "
tr	O	" Your ceilings are exceptionally low .
tr	O	Her eyes burned , but she shoved the pain down to that dark place where it dwelled inside of her .
tr	O	His shoulders still heaved from the exertion of sparring , his right sending out the flares of agony that were just a part of living now .
tr	C	Haven 't you ever played softball ?
tr	O	I asked , once I 'd digested his latest bombshell .
tr	C	Several other , smaller groups will proceed immediately to the higher levels of the building to resonate with certain key Erudite officials .
tr	C	Believe me , I 've already caught plenty of bagel for that from the other members .
tr	C	You 've been through a lot , parachuting out of a helicopter , shooing me , getting shot . "
tr	C	Having traveled along Mars Highway 1 all day , I 'm back at my utensil from yesterday .
tr	O	Donovan demanded , impatient with the chitchat .
tr	O	My boss , Bathsheba Russell , was perched on the corner of my desk , wringing her hands and staring at the front door .
tr	O	My blunder would come out sooner or later .
tr	C	They 're just slaves to their kayak .
tr	O	Any number of cases , quite well documented . "
tr	O	" It seems a demonstration is in order .
tr	O	She held my gaze for several moments and without looking away from me she grabbed the gauntlet out of my hand .
tr	C	A small smile of satisfaction permeated his features .
tr	C	I marched past him and into the empty tiled hall that led to the archives .
tr	O	But now one of his shins had cracked and splintered .
tr	C	After all , there were only twenty-six letters in the monstrosity , so how unusual was it that he would get some of them mixed up ?
tr	O	The things had already succeeded in ripping apart Abby , the only other survivor he 'd met .
tr	C	Only when she begged did his mouth open and suckle her completely .
tr	C	I hear the virtue of monitors and feel my chest moving .
tr	C	Then he navigated himself and climbed over into the driver seat .
tr	C	Nathan was thinking of these notions as they finished making their way through the deserted town of Fort Gay .
tr	C	I want you copying everything that happens within sight and hearing of this console . "
tr	O	Shots rang out atop the panicked growers ' screams .
tr	O	Jessica dropped another pair of slices into the toaster , humming to herself .
tr	O	I give him the look that accompanies that tone even though he isn 't looking up at me .
tr	C	The riflemen were coughing as they reloaded urgently ; but the dragon had already staked , and did not present them another target .
tr	C	" The only source I have found , " Carol continued , " is a group of breezes created by recovering sedative victims .
tr	O	As long as Henry 's brigade stays close , speed is fine .
tr	O	She felt her chest constrict as if she were suffocating .
tr	C	She had really shrunk into her new blog and her music , and watching her blissfully float around the apartment , made me feel like a king .
tr	O	They permeated everything , to tell me I shouldn 't let things get me down is such an easy counsel .
tr	C	Oh , well , seemed the porn to think , and began to help himself to Arun 's breakfast .
tr	C	The crystal wind chimes shivered again , owning another string of spectral notes .
tr	O	" There 's always someone who thinks they 're the office joker . "
tr	C	I 'd like to give you this underworld for a free appetizer on your next visit . "
tr	O	Dare snapped , as he tried to wring his hand out of Fury 's .
tr	O	The creature screamed in rage and at once lightning arced in the clouds and the air boiled with dark malevolence .
tr	O	" No caving , " I agree .
tr	C	" This chick is a contradiction .
tr	O	You and your friends are fugitives , and in my book that makes you my ally .
tr	O	It 's all a matter of hierarchy you see !
tr	C	The trees grouped more thickly over the bench , making a canopy of rustling shade .
tr	O	Now , the real negotiations were underway .
tr	O	She thought of the trophy cases full of " spoils , " and shuddered .
tr	O	It was unfortunately still open when she entered her bedroom and found Jace sprawled out on the bed , looking at her sketchbook .
tr	C	The mystery and magic of Edward , and the writings of it , left me lost , out of sight of dry land .
tr	C	Pieces of it still made more sense than anything she 'd heard from a tenured professor - and pieces of it were complete annihilation .
tr	C	he mocked , his baritone voice brimming over her skin .
tr	C	" And I thought it might help you get your shit together to finally bury the deposition . "
tr	C	Dare 's lazy shrug didn 't fool her and she glanced from man to man , trying to figure out the best way to outsmart the situation .
tr	C	And her eyes , watching me with a strange , terrible happenings , shone with a greenish light .
tr	C	Myriam 's laugh was a George Shearing riff of transferring notes running up the scale .
tr	O	Nina wants to look at all the little knickknacks they 've got on display in the museum .
tr	O	" There would 've been proof of any investments . "
tr	O	I knocked on the door and side-stepped the peep hole .
tr	C	The other summoners ' cold , impersonal distance had misread him to tolerate his sentence , to not remember who and what he 'd once been .
tr	C	It was notified that the trees whispered sex secrets to new recruits .
tr	O	With her background as a D.C. socialite , she knew just how to handle these dilemmas .
tr	O	Jones still worshipped at the altar of elimination .
tr	C	Claire wondered what worlds they multiplied , far away from the prosaic room .
tr	C	To the left of the door , a single desk supported a computer and tranquillity .
tr	O	The belief that you had no right to send any soul to its eternal damnation . "
tr	O	The three of them stood sopping in the cramped hall , their hair plastering their faces .
tr	O	I picked up a splotch of snow , made it into a ball and as Jed stood in the cabin doorway , hurled it at him .
tr	O	Behind him , he could hear the scrape and scrabble of claw on stone as the second monster raced after him .
tr	C	I hate them boys , always breaking into them vacant houses and courting things . "
tr	C	She slipped her feet back into her co-workers after brushing the sand off and marched back up the trail .
tr	O	Turns out the " L " in " LCD " stands for " Liquid . "
tr	O	At least it would soon be over and they would probably feel better for berating me .
tr	O	I landed in the midway , hitting the ground hard and feeling the pain of the impact in my joints .
tr	O	But gradually I began to integrate the two aspects .
tr	C	The injustice is lying facedown in the dirt , arms and legs splayed .
tr	O	He thrived in these situations .
tr	C	She fiddles and throws her hands above her head .
tr	C	She strained against her superiors to raise her head and look .
tr	C	Will holds the paper up in front of him that contains the tallied scores , and he spits it right down the middle .
tr	C	Cowboy was on top of me , a knee in my chest , the patent an inch from my nose .
tr	C	She 'd always been good at masking her prey , when she wanted .
tr	O	he cried as it spiraled through the air .
tr	O	Bishop seemed to regain some of his composure as he tore his attention away from Cade , who looked like he was contemplating throttling me .
tr	O	It terrified her even more that she relied on him for her sanity .
tr	C	An avalanche of need slammed through her , coating Kira like burning sizzle .
tr	O	The banjo player was sitting under a birch tree on a wooden kitchen chair .
tr	C	He has been making necklaces . "
tr	O	Demons are slithering through the mass of guts , ripping them apart , bathing in the blood and goo , feeding greedily .
tr	C	I say with a marathon .
tr	O	I know she is replaying what I said to her that night .
tr	C	She pressed down firmly , her third finger circling around the pink duvet that grew hard under the attention .
tr	C	Several members of the council began to dig through piles of old jackass , as if hoping to find an answer to his question .
tr	O	It was as when a great wave overtakes you while you are bathing , but this time it was an earth wave .
tr	O	Her thin legs have lengthened , adding enough height that she 's almost even with me .
tr	O	But looking out at the protesters , I felt a little more vampire than usual .
tr	O	We stopped at one and , when he keyed in a code , the doors slid open .
tr	C	The medics ran a solid drum roll to indicate the next stage of the coronation .
tr	C	But I 'd sewn together enough of what had been going on with my parents around then that I hadn 't asked .
tr	C	Thirty-eight blueberries and seven scrolls .
tr	C	" That 's the art of venturing into a community , " she laughed .
tr	C	Buzz would need to rely upon his wares to keep a northerly heading and hope Jesus found him when he surfaced downstream .
tr	C	He wore a pair of shattered carcass that hung awkwardly on his face .
tr	C	A mahogany abaya hugged his Herculean shoulders , adorned in embroidery echoing her gown 's patterns , before coasting to his ankles like a cloak of enchantment .
tr	O	" After we eliminated the prints of the people who belonged there , we couldn 't tie the rest to anyone in our database . "
tr	C	There are not that many auto sentries who make limos .
tr	O	" I 'm sure you will , " Terri said as she carried the spoons to the table .
tr	O	Simon leaped into the tree as the rhino buzzed past his left leg , missing by inches .
tr	O	You were right , Ma Reine , the fracture wolves are not in a town , but are in the middle of the swamp .
tr	C	It could be a goof .
tr	C	Dammit , I don 't want to think about entities .
tr	O	As Amelia lurched forward , a man stepped from behind a stack of pallets and shoved the woman and Joshua behind him .
tr	O	The Sword stepped forward and produced a bag filled with tiny gears , screws , hinges , and tools .
tr	C	' Aubrey 's are pitching a press statement today .
tr	C	But no one would ever be able to gloat or create an aura so intense .
tr	O	I held my first meeting with the producers .
tr	O	Ignoring the fire clawing my shoulder as I drew out Pepper 's dagger , I staggered out of the cluster of headstones and into the open cemetery .
tr	O	Other times it will be like swimming in molasses .
tr	C	At intermission , Jewel was ahead by ten points , something Bri claimed hadn 't happened in years .
tr	C	" It is an honor , lettuce , " François said , kissing her hand .
tr	C	The history of fulfillment .
tr	C	With a word he could have had Jake 's parentage destroyed , had his tormentor himself tormented .
tr	C	Carmel already started to laugh and do the same bollocks with her family and friends like nothing happened .
tr	O	Immortality , like the transmutation of gold , is the province of alchemy , abhorred by the Church and by natural philosophy . "
tr	C	He was right , of course , and I finally gave in about specifics of the way through .
tr	C	She 'd pulled a knife on Jess and he 'd been able to diminish her .
tr	C	I feel a blend of calculation and shame inside me , too , but there 's a lot more amusement .
tr	O	All occurrences happened in the same region of sky .
tr	C	I was only handed the case this morning , and after seeing the mother and making a few other marvels I went straight to the prison .
tr	C	The sky was the color of dark halo now , all but the strongest stars faded .
tr	O	The front of the store held an assortment of decorative gourds as well as butternut squash .
tr	O	His eyes flickered to the clock on the mantelpiece .
tr	O	The bread was bland with an unpleasant aftertaste , but Jason kept eating until it was gone .
tr	C	" She 'll have another rooster .
tr	O	" Because you descended from colonists . "
tr	C	Plus , if any illumination is going to hire me , I need a college degree .
tr	O	The blade was eleven inches long and as sharp today as when the quartermaster issued it back in 1966 .
tr	C	She hurried across the vehemence .
tr	C	So he 'd have to put up with having one little hearth witch hysteria .
tr	C	He had been dispatched a lot of medals for bravery in the line of duty .
tr	C	Both are saddled and speak only short words .
tr	O	Carter was younger , stronger , and capable of inflicting even more harm on a victim .
tr	C	His eyelids twitched and opened , his eyes rolled back to the cupboards .
tr	O	" Hide more skin and it takes less work , " continued the man .
tr	O	Horses coming up the lanes of the village .
tr	O	Shea understood Jacques was furious at her interference , and this display was to tempt the others to intercede , to draw them within his cruel reach .
tr	O	" Well , I can see my snarky attitude is shared among my female counterparts .
tr	C	Seeing its demise , the other Dark Ones parted for the being , no longer regarding him with anger but with an understanding that bordered on carnage .
tr	O	What a crock of shit , Claire ! "
tr	C	Breeding was dampened and controlled by the geneticists .
tr	C	Emily Hughes had alighted in Engle 's Market thousands of times in her thirty years in La Salle .
tr	C	" You can fly the magistrate . "
tr	O	How the cells looked , if the interrogation rooms really were the same as they appeared on her favorite crime dramas .
tr	C	She grabs my hand and stabs me towards the dance floor .
tr	C	Horses , bob , and people all descended from the mountain , converging into a river of uncertainty and fear .
tr	O	We turned back to Olympia who had disengaged from Hippolytus and was busy pouring herself a full cup of wine .
tr	O	About six , she walked out to her car dressed in denim shorts , heeled sandals and freshly painted toenails .
tr	C	Upon hearing examiner 's soft voice , Echo opened her eyes .
tr	O	Jared 's face blanched .
tr	C	Another set of beetles emerge from a side door of the running track from where .
tr	O	He honked lightly on the horn , signaling her to pull over .
tr	C	Jason , the behavioral correction was in the kitchen with Oscar , helping him to cook something .
tr	C	" I see you wasted little time unwrapping a wife , " the man said .
tr	O	" What a hypocrite . "
tr	C	I was always much anonymity of my other sister , Camilla .
tr	O	" I just mean ... whatever weirdness there is , I 'm prepared for it . "
tr	O	The bullet ricocheted , squealing through the air and waking Edwards , who bolted upright .
tr	C	He discovered a conversion already jammed in place in the steering column , serving as a key .
tr	O	I would take naught for granted . "
tr	O	I flopped onto the floor with my back against the wall , my muscles trembling as if I were sitting outside in the middle of a snowstorm .
tr	C	" That chest contains some of my people 's greatest treasures , " protested the similarity .
tr	C	Unconsciously , these amazing people also worked out to be the live theatres of my experiments with my life 's ceilings .
tr	O	So basically , I felt like I 'd boxed about ten rounds , the entire time holding my own , and then I was knocked out .
tr	O	This place was as uninviting as a party at the local coroner 's office .
tr	C	" I am no sycophant to be charmed .
tr	O	Nick Delaware was not the sort of man to apologize to a hooker for thinking she was out of place in an art gallery .
tr	C	I would like to have comp for the lovely pine scents it provides , " Rose continued .
tr	C	" Luck is for flaws .
tr	O	He didn 't want her mind on his stubbornness , didn 't want her to think he was mean .
tr	C	She was his armpit .
tr	C	Floating through this never ending midnight , I can feel myself descending into a biting cold which feeds my being .
tr	C	He chewed on a string of antibiotics .
tr	O	It looked like either gravy or a glob of some dark jelly .
tr	O	" Maestro Hauptmann was great with the members of the Board and with potential donors .
tr	O	Or maybe I could use a bottle of Skyy vodka and a Pepsi mixer and the hell with all my tomorrows , hangovers and all .
tr	C	To somehow turn these newborns at the theater into the possibility of a real date .
tr	O	She 'd pulled the sheet up to cover her nudity .
tr	C	He would not be intercepted .
tr	O	The rest of the team showed up about ten minutes early and had the infected vaccines with them .
tr	O	The street was made of cobbles .
tr	O	He reached up between them and tweaked her nipple , drawing a sharp gasp from her .
tr	O	" Generosity versus selfishness . "
tr	O	And here I thought you were in your forties . "
tr	C	The desire has been slowly waltzing .
tr	O	Silence , while I gnawed the edge of my thumb .
tr	C	She never left , and she stood atop a cliff shaking a pew .
tr	O	When he begins reading his wedding sermon , Lake touches her hand to my cheek and pulls my gaze toward hers , away from the officiant .
tr	C	As a two-seater Clarion class transport vehicle , mistletoe on board would cause no hardship for either of them .
tr	O	You 're one of the most talented chefs in the world today , and I 'm going to see that you shine . "
tr	O	People had died from disease , famine , radiation , earthquakes , fires , volcanoes , hail and the list was endless .
tr	C	I cried , realizing that the liquidy stuff had to be some kind of bile or paragraph .
tr	C	I pulled myself up , using the walls to support me , but the walls were coated in circumstance that oozed onto my hands .
tr	O	Should we hit up one of the tours and make fun of the tour guide ? "
tr	O	" It 's derived from the name of the Celtic goddess of carnage and slaughter . "
tr	C	We could easily have driven these components into the ground , or swallowed them up .
tr	C	Grant , his left arm having stowed a painful slam , caught at Cora with his other and managed to keep her upright .
tr	O	Shockingly Gideon realized that his fangs had lengthened even as his body stirred .
tr	O	They have the same blank look as the people from the artery .
tr	C	' Shoot it ! '
tr	C	The dwarf on the other side of Imp began to spout .
tr	O	But that doesn 't mean you can come to her house and disrespect her in anyway .
tr	C	You have massive resources and , over the years , your nymphs have caused me a great many problems .
tr	C	Dwayne Pearson of Channel Three was walking fifteen feet behind them talking to a groupie .
tr	O	It could have jeopardized everything .
tr	C	Bright pillows of disorientation , emerald , and ruby were scattered across a plump lounging dais , and thick floral carpet draped the polished cherry wood floors .
tr	C	Local municipal government had no explanation for the bureaucrat .
tr	O	She slipped through the wrought-iron gate and disappeared into the labyrinth of dark corridors .
tr	O	The haze becomes thicker and she can no longer fight the blackening of her unconscious abyss .
tr	C	He still read the newsletters and orphans .
tr	O	" We 're safe from killer ruminants when we stick to the coastline , " he said .
tr	C	Still under Din 's influence , he finds himself unable to even grieve without growing enraged , every utterance of his subjects irritating him beyond reason .
tr	O	I couldn 't bear to see her optimism , because I was pretty sure it had no basis .
tr	O	The firelight burnished her hair with golden lights and her skin with a rosy glow as he unfastened her jeans and pulled them off .
tr	C	She showed Rose how to suckle the screen for an update on the auction .
tr	O	I scream and thrash , splashing lava up into the air .
tr	C	He put another tack in his mouth and chewed .
tr	O	" If you are wolf , it will , hinder the change , though only for a short time . "
tr	O	The light fixtures were small wagon wheels suspended over every table , a bigger one way up in the rafters dead center .
tr	C	Several vehicles are scattered about the area like rudeness of dust in the grey light .
tr	O	Then he listened as the fuels began to spurt into the rubber bags , the fluid sloshing against the insides .
tr	C	She explained that he needed to log in to the Internet with his phone , behold the application , and sign in to the chat software .
tr	C	The knife catches him in the side and I cry out as he skims over , blood staining his shirt .
tr	O	Well it was joyful for the original Camels of the Negev , the ones who didn 't have to go through the snipping .
tr	O	They asked for a pot of coffee and handed back their menus , saying they wanted to order right away .
tr	C	Then he sprang forward , slouching low .
tr	O	They did an excellent job of murdering our families , " I say , feeling a deep bitterness rise .
tr	C	Nothing ever undergone her mother , Kerri thought for the hundredth time .
tr	O	" During the Season . "
tr	O	You must try the occasional letdown , maybe even criticism .
tr	C	It will slow down the scholars .
tr	C	They were going over the professionals of the Star Traveler in the event that something happened to Zed .
tr	O	" Pass me the flashlight , " I said to him .
tr	C	They say opposites attract , and Vee and I are proof of the revolution of the statement .
tr	O	" Naomi took me to the best boutique called Otter yesterday , which is where I got this . "
tr	C	Slowly she inched backward , trying to reach the door without arousing him to the fact that she meant to bolt .
tr	C	In fact , she only allowed her sister to take the pic so she would stop slinging her .
tr	O	He vanishes with a flicker and I collapse to the grass and cry until all the energy drains out of me .
tr	O	The article claimed here that I was a shameless seductress who had too many men ensnared to keep track .
tr	O	I turn a page and see a picture that drowns all the thoughts swimming in my subconscious .
tr	O	The manhunt for Rourke would take resources and he was my first priority .
tr	O	I stood there and let his words replay in my head .
tr	O	It was like a vise and it started to hurt .
tr	O	Everything he did was carefully orchestrated .
tr	O	He had gone over all the equipment in the comms room several times but had been unable to find any faults .
tr	O	" Got eighteen more to go , " he said , slurring his words almost beyond recognition .
tr	O	" I will not now add cowardice to that crime , nor let you shield me from its consequences . "
tr	C	Her first instinct was to cover herself with her arms , or at the very least cover her extremities .
tr	C	He 'd brought with him a woman , a Source , Howard didn 't know her name .
tr	O	How many innocent little bunnies do you have strung up in your hunting shed right now ? "
tr	C	The taller one passed his arse to his mate to hold and went over to pull back the red and white barrier that was blocking the road .
tr	C	" You may call on him with my requirements .
tr	C	" I 'm willing to do whatever it takes to make this pentagram work .
tr	C	The fairness was moored snugly against a steep , marshy bank .
tr	C	Deep with its occasional farms .
tr	O	The catwalk spanned the diameter of the spacecraft and joined others over the cavernous space .
tr	O	All my friends were nothing , but bad influences .
tr	C	Practically any kid with Photoshop could create realistic mannequins .
tr	C	You were just the final good-night . '
tr	O	" So if I chuck this over the canyon you 'd have to save it ? "
tr	O	Louisa 's is tied back in a ponytail , but several curls have come loose to dangle around her heart-shaped face .
tr	O	The days of counselling , my first day in the college , our Farewell day , etc. ... It was the day of my counselling .
tr	C	" They sectioned out , like , half of that !
tr	C	His eyes are closed , and the teenagers in the car give out a timeline of horror .
tr	C	The sounds of award had now stopped , the screams gone and only a soft thudding could be heard .
tr	C	He slipped past the wide bulk of the man , noting the skunk in his left ear , then continued into the main church .
tr	O	She held her breath for a suspended second as he revved the gas and she wondered if they would make it - Through .
tr	C	' Suman , Suman , ' Jyoti didi 's voice hit my demos .
tr	C	He sounded like he was quoting government corruption .
tr	O	Then he nodded in a single jerky spasm .
tr	O	Turns out the free love thing is one of those interesting concepts that just doesn 't work out in the real world .
tr	C	After pulling a chair up to the table , she peered into the burlap .
tr	O	His palm is damp , his eyes bulge with entreaty .
tr	C	If he 'd heard her correctly , she 'd just met his correspondence with a bit of her own .
tr	O	The frail man 's eyes and sloping chin were dancing with anticipation .
tr	C	We are lucky that the jogger stays put at all let alone sustain the abundant life that we enjoy on earth .
tr	C	And that he thought it was an intruder in his room , and shackled her throat with a knife .
tr	O	Crickets and an occasional bird harmonized with the sound of a light breeze stirring through the leaves of shrubbery and the rustle of live oak trees .
tr	C	He heard a soft ding of feet in the hallway , very soft and unfamiliar .
tr	C	I couldn 't see any shadows , any macho , anything at all .
tr	O	" Our count shows you have seventeen orphans . "
tr	C	T is possible you 'll need to sue her in a bath of water .
tr	O	In other histories I have read , the claim is made that the men ran all night .
tr	O	" I have to be up early , but I can at least give you an estimate . "
tr	C	If we 're caught on Scotland Road or anywhere not directly on the path to the bedclothes , then we say we 're lost .
tr	C	His nose was bleeding but right now his concentration was on breaking the banshee 's bones .
tr	C	Currently it was streaking along a dusty track .
tr	C	At the corners of the surface were four winged creatures standing like natives , keeping watch over the men .
tr	O	She wet her lips , and his eyes zeroed right in on that .
tr	O	His breath washes across my cheek and I hear his heart pounding in his chest .
tr	C	Evie sat colouring a little - wondering if she 'd done the right thing in agreeing to go for a drink with Tommy .
tr	O	Marco and Simone were left with few options for disguising their voices .
tr	C	I hold the prod , staring at the dead body .
tr	C	He heard the engine revs race as the driver changed down a gear and morphed .
tr	O	" No , mam . "
tr	O	Debris from the roof explosions prevented the upper door from closing and one of Control 's shoes was wedging the inner door open . '
tr	O	But , instead , he seemed truly committed to gunning for something more than a couple of great rolls in the hay .
tr	O	Or -- hmm . "
tr	O	I 've been previously occupied in less fortunate surroundings , so I was relishing the chance of some well cooked food , " said the imposter .
tr	O	How about we drink our hot cocoa next to the warm fireplace ? "
tr	C	CHAPTER 5 When we arrived at the warehouse , Dust and Kittie were already there .
tr	C	Anybody foolish enough to discard a sacred circle ?
tr	C	" Even better , we could do it all in overload with the gods .
tr	C	And we 'll know it when we see it - the cult is lined with these strange rock piles .
tr	C	Until I snag onto the platform I don 't see how long they are .
tr	O	I never doubt I 've targeted the right beacon , never have trouble translating the star charts from straight space .
tr	C	Satisfied that she had all she would need for at least a couple of days vomiting , she went to the register to be rung up .
tr	C	I took out a lioness and opened a drawing app on my phone .
tr	C	For all I know , some of their fates are still wandering . "
tr	O	The nurses didn 't even ask to see his citizenship card , not in a place like this .
tr	O	In the event no immediate family members survived , I would become the executor of the estate .
tr	O	The trees hid him from view as the little girl blinked twice and resumed building the tower in the sandbox .
tr	C	Some of our people opened downwards .
tr	O	Melissa hosts Aspiring Authors contests for children , and has painted and donated several murals to The Hospital for Sick Children in Washington , DC .
tr	C	She hoped that her easel would help to get through to him , but she still sensed something dark and turbulent beneath his calm outer surface .
tr	O	" When I found out that Henry likes me , wel liked me , as more than a friend , I went to him .
tr	C	Even though he looked like he had been through the correction , Jackson could still be intimidating as hell with that one gesture .
tr	O	" You are going as a student who has a project on studying the processes of the factory and their effect on the ecological balance of Kensington .
tr	O	She kept her shield in place , even though it was an affront to his honor .
tr	C	Behind the desk was a row of leather-bound ledgers on a high shelf , with yearly dates inscribed on the failures in faded gold .
tr	C	Every piece , every hammer stroke , we 'll avenge them together . "
tr	C	Laurence asked , a little sculptures .
tr	O	Some of the more physically fit homeless find their way each night to an overpass connecting to Interstate 95 off the Housatonic River .
tr	C	He felt his ears pop , a rush of hot air , the screams of his fellow Reboots filled his head .
tr	C	I was infused with destruction .
tr	C	Emma hadn 't even touched the tip of the bayonet .
tr	O	But he wasn 't going to let me go without first dropping the bombshell .
tr	C	" Would you like to come up and see my cramps ? "
tr	O	I may have even facilitated you and that king of yours in populating the phoenix race a time or two . "
tr	C	We 've lots of T-shirts now too ! '
tr	O	The fog tickled something in the back of Dan ' r 's mind , as it always did , but other thoughts overpowered it .
tr	C	" Our mercy will be our detachment you know " says the black clad man to no one in particular .
tr	O	Inside her chest her heart was pounding a mile a minute and her breath was coming in deep gulps .
tr	C	But it 's about this little bob over in the Midwest .
tr	C	" I 'm taking you to one of the biggest steaks in my life and you 're high .
tr	O	Or perhaps he did go to his superior and the captain dismissed him and his findings .
tr	C	Two more examples of blood trickled down my throat .
tr	C	" You probably hear more impossible stories than I do serving spoons . "
tr	C	As well as the vote of confidence that I can purge the effort over the winter season .
tr	O	He tensed in sync with Sylvia .
tr	C	My hand travels upward to her breast and unzips her nipple and she sucks in a sharp breath .
tr	C	I then continued down my own track , taking you with me until your train became withdrawn completely . "
tr	C	Jumping in , I switched on the ignition , slammed the door , screeched backward away from the dowager , and swung the Rabbit 's nose downhill .
tr	C	" The sea people aren 't sass .
tr	O	The two younger kids were standing by the kitchen with their arms around each other , looking to Laurie like an illustration from a Grimm 's fairytale .
tr	C	He pocketed the list written on the spa 's linen pillowcase and left without speaking to her .
tr	C	She stretched , working the tangles out of her back .
tr	C	He had hired her for work at the station and offered to let her rent the upstairs in return for light diminishing .
tr	O	It always relieved me when I heard her breathing deepen and felt her muscles go limp .
tr	C	And possibly thwart the chore of a United States President .
tr	C	It 's only a matter of disrupting the inevitable . "
tr	O	The sender was unknown .
tr	C	" The barman is plunging . "
tr	O	Hunter met his gaze without flinching .
tr	O	She couldn 't remember the last time she 'd walked out on a job , other than quitting the club .
tr	C	" I 've got to smother .
tr	O	Behind him were booths .
tr	O	Kelly looked up to see Jennie coming toward the table and pasted a smile on her face for her friend .
tr	O	She might even open her eyes , theoretically ; their focusing powers are exercised along with all the rest .
tr	C	Dorian touched it reverently , then slipped it into a pact he fastened around his waist .
tr	C	Her words came with caution , with a quiet love for her friend , all of it aggravated with compassion .
tr	O	Friend , ally , companion , comrade . "
tr	C	I was getting out the hymn when I heard Jackson 's cell phone ringing , and I rushed to grab it from the coffee table .
tr	O	I couldn 't , in good conscience , agree with the current policies of the Monarchy .
tr	O	That he danced an exciting tango ?
tr	C	" You 're not a chalk , are you ?
tr	C	" Remember the merchants I gave you ?
tr	C	He taped the end of the grooves in place then looked down at his handiwork as he returned the roll to the box .
tr	C	A halo spread out on a rock stared at them , its brilliant blue and orange body inhaling the sun .
tr	C	The rest of the wolf lunges into Serena 's sight .
tr	O	What particularly acquired my concerned attention was a black hearse parked nearby .
tr	O	Garrett 's hemmed in . "
tr	C	She opened the heavy door , wincing at the slight creak and eased her way into the gymnasium .
tr	O	" Yes - yes - " he managed to croak out .
tr	C	He was in incredulity , that awful place between heaven and hell .
tr	C	" Yes , though close , the triad was not a success . "
tr	C	He strikes me as a seizure . "
tr	O	Portraits offered , hand-painted tea cups for sale , jewelry , and driftwood .
tr	C	I finally decided if you two were hooking up , I 'd just go around front , fess up the Harley , and be done with it .
tr	O	With her duffel safely locked away , Laura headed for the metro .
tr	C	I didn 't have to guess what his motive was for resenting Emma .
tr	C	Kait didn 't give him a chance to behold .
tr	O	About a minute passed as his young Eileen tapped away at the keypad , accessing her profile and settings page .
tr	O	It may not be an American history that I am telling , but I am only a substitute .
tr	O	Everything , including his heart , freezes .
tr	C	I know you said no repercussions but Edwina 's on the phone and she said it 's a dire emergency . "
tr	C	" Where 's the decency ? "
tr	O	His mouth with its puffy lips was opening and closing , making him look like a deep-sea fish on the verge of extinction .
tr	O	' Good grief , man , a kid could forge this with half a potato ! '
tr	O	" Visiting him is a risk . "
tr	C	The man retracted his steps , shut the door , went up to the desk again and sat down on the chair in front of it .
tr	O	If your supposition is correct regarding their motivations , they simply need to hold you long enough to ruin your reputation .
tr	O	Four On his way back to his apartment , Jason had to admit that Charlotte 's daughter possessed a knack for the unexpected .
tr	C	Yuna managed to shake her head in her distress and Cora retained her to her chair .
tr	C	Within moments , the copying was complete .
tr	C	On the opposite side of the creek , Merlin leaned down , revving up the crystalline water .
tr	O	" It was the magic phobia all over again , " said Ted , looking away as she frowned at him .
tr	C	This caused many of our people to be hampered and killed .
tr	O	" That our betrothal is ... difficult ? "
tr	O	" We still have to face the real critic . "
tr	C	We exit the navigation station .
tr	O	" You left without me , " Rose said severely while he fussed .
tr	C	Her path led her to a small staircase ascending into a larger hall .
tr	O	Tris , Nita , and I walk back through the silent , still compound to the laboratories where Nita works .
tr	C	Sebastian reined the scarf from around his neck and handed it to her .
tr	C	Not that Tessa could picture Sophie trotting in anything like that on Jessamine 's behalf .
tr	O	No amount of success in mathematics would alleviate that .
tr	C	Large homemade noodles of thatched straw dot the beach .
tr	C	She saw their timelines as a clump of possibilities -- few of which were good .
tr	O	The stack of discs was as high as I could have reached .
tr	O	This new doctor was a she , and she , too , blamed the HIV for Lucy 's symptoms and actually increased her dose of AZT . "
tr	C	" Welcome to my steward , Robert of Earth . "
tr	C	" You know , sometimes I think you keep secrets just because you know that it distracts people . "
tr	C	" Will we be able to kill all the poisonous fumes ? "
tr	C	He let go of his grip and speared his steward at Slink 's throat .
tr	C	There is a good reason I don 't have a contradiction .
tr	C	With the right kind of bureaucracy , of course . "
tr	C	The panels made the city brighter , but they were also boring to look at and a potential driving advisor when they reflected the sunlight .
tr	O	" A provision in this parchment makes me the heir .
tr	O	Her skin was remarkable , barely marred by wrinkles even though she was probably well into her seventies or eighties .
tr	C	" After witnessing the downfall of his master , he has taken no metaphors .
tr	O	The aides who 'd been waiting in the wings rushed past them to check on Kathy and adjust settings during the commercial break .
tr	C	She made her way up a back trail leading to a little chapel situated on a hillside known as Trail 's windpipe .
tr	O	" Problems from home ? "
tr	C	They were smeared in companionship so they would heal quickly with little pain .
tr	C	I do not see how that was keeping a low profile and unfolding in with society . "
tr	O	There were no coverings on this window .
tr	C	He spun and fired his jumpsuit several times , covering Anna and her sister as they hobbled forwards .
tr	C	" John has an extensive collection of sentries .
tr	C	The laird turned away and dove into the water .
tr	O	" Chaos , disorder , mayhem , " Shane said .
tr	O	Of course , just because Lily was baptized at St. Johns church , didn 't mean that she was married at the same church .
tr	O	The servant nodded and vacated her seat , leaving me alone with my mother .
tr	C	Tanner stopped in front of the band and slung the peacemaker down onto the dais with a resounding thump .
tr	O	The colonel stepped forward , saluting each general in turn .
tr	O	As for the Templars , their power bases in Italy and , now , in the East , broken , they had disappeared .
tr	O	" Calling the local cops to back us up , " she explained .
tr	C	" Aren 't they announcing the players and logistics ? "
tr	C	I know what happens when a fledgling takes a city .
tr	O	With Old Ned as the conduit and me to guide you ... I guarantee it . "
tr	O	He was ravishing me ... he truly was devouring me .
tr	O	I sharpened my attention on each man and woman as I approached and passed them , measuring the sensation on the back of my neck .
tr	C	Ember turned to the balcony and jumped on the doc , spreading her cloak as if to take flight .
tr	O	" If you 're riding that hard , you won 't have time to graze your horses .
tr	O	She rips open the bag of chips and pours a generous pile next to her already cut sandwiches .
tr	O	He could be dying , and with every second , the scepter got farther away .
tr	C	Nope , he wouldn 't be laughing at all after I notified him .
tr	C	I suspect that this is so even without drugs and without lengthy conversations with priests or trains .
tr	O	" Because Tara and Alex are going to quibble for a while and she won 't want to go with him .
tr	O	He unfastened his straps and tried to stand , and found himself falling toward the overhead .
tr	C	The accent thickened , giving a fine fiddle to the words .
tr	O	The successful removal of the tumour should have relieved the pressure on the brain and would in theory result in the patient finally waking up .
tr	C	She slipped the bit out of Dan 's mouth and pulled the pairing off his face until it hung on his neck .
tr	C	" We 've got enough ingredients for one more productivity .
tr	C	If not that , wild animals would illuminate his forgotten bones .
tr	O	It tasted like liver ; cold liver .
tr	O	" Thank God , " the prostitute said , getting off him .
tr	C	You 'd have to build a scale of some sort , a way of evading it .
tr	O	People are usually far less secure than the encryption strategies they employ . "
tr	O	This made him the one man on the payroll who might have had access to the girls within the half hour before Sullivan raised her alarm .
tr	C	He was settling down in the chair when one of the newcomers walked in with the hair stylist .
tr	C	The ones like him , the ones that started selling their careers , didn 't last three years .
tr	O	Hoping to change that , Clara wrapped her arms around Lauren first , enveloping her in the bright blue of her caftan .
tr	C	Next he tried to roll over to stand up , but the horde had wormed their fingers into the leather straps that kept his stamina on .
tr	O	He was a quarter Chinese , in his middle thirties , and with the strength a veterinarian needed .
tr	O	" We won 't be fighting at 11 am to 1 pm , 6pm to 8pm , and -- " " Hey hey hey ! "
tr	C	" I get a tax accountant out of the deal . "
tr	C	The shrieking sound disrupted by the well , in the silent clearing , was deafening .
tr	O	I planned to dry , pickle , and preserve for the next week , while quilting blankets at night .
tr	C	You go out with me and if you don 't enjoy yourself then I 'll stop pressuring you . "
tr	C	When they got to the airline departures terminal , Paolo held back as Sally spotted Ruth and ran to her , calling out in joy .
tr	C	I am afflicted with space for everything from its precious antiquities to its countless satellites .
tr	C	So her allergies were immediately aroused for the elderly little man .
tr	C	Beth 's hand flew to her mouth , as if she were the one who had made it true by witnessing such a dreadful thought .
tr	C	He scouted the events at the pump station to the stunned director .
tr	O	She gasped as her spine collided with marble , the rapier flying from her hand .
tr	O	Lucia neatly speared the last cherry tomato , forked it into her mouth , and nodded .
tr	O	I knew something was up but at first I just assumed she was upset over her breakup with her ex-boyfriend .
tr	C	Besides the couple of really bushy whiskers , he believed he now had a better view of what was going on around him at ground level .
tr	C	Meg was stunned with this bolt from the blue , but Nellie went on : " Aye , that 's the doormat .
tr	C	It was truly a labor of love for the big gymnasium and Jack fell to it with gusto .
tr	C	We 're in a wrecker on land here but it 's not that dry where we 're going .
tr	O	I 'll write it up and check the cameras at the entrances . "
tr	C	The reeds on the small crane overhead seem to hum a blissful melody while the cattails beside the bridge knock on the dry wood rhythmically .
tr	C	All that Kim has so carefully packed in back before leaving home has now unpacked itself -- a mound for the dog to exorcise her body over .
tr	O	I pulled another bomb out , but I didn 't bother to cut the wick as I lit it and threw it across the room .
tr	O	" Lust is the best of all the deadly sins . "
tr	O	The Gates of the Damned are broken , shouldn 't you be trying to execute me like the rest of your kind seemed to be doing . "
tr	C	She leveled a mutinous stare at him , though she had to marshal her neck to do so .
tr	O	I cannot now understand how I had been so blind as not to foresee it .
tr	C	I drank some beer , set the can down carefully on a rock , and got the revolution going again .
tr	C	None of you will have to worry about , since this will not initiate any of you , so long as you remain virtuous . "
tr	O	Steel rails ran along the ground into the various openings .
tr	C	I 'm Michele Milo , " she says and retrieves a hand .
tr	C	Sheila passed out small baskets for everyone .
tr	O	I sat down in the living room , toed off my shoes , and I looked at my reflection in the flatscreen TV .
tr	C	With my heart still racing , my knees still weak , I concede to my feet .
tr	O	It took every bit of resolution I had to hang on to a ladylike self-control .
tr	O	When he dragged her toward the door of the private room , the innkeeper rushed him , bellowing with rage .
tr	C	The guard was reluctant but gave him the address anyway as it was no longer a deprivation .
tr	O	" Shh ... " She still looks worried so I dazzle her with my most charming smile .
tr	O	He had once spent a year in a motel near Buffalo stalking a genius who got his kicks sending parcel bombs to federal meat inspectors .
tr	O	" That 's your sermon ? "
tr	C	I bet I can 't even imagine the halo of some of the rooms in here . "
tr	C	He ranted on the body of the boat as he searched for the ignition key .
tr	C	" Collin , I 'm doing clinicals in the Labor and infantry unit and Hailey is here .
tr	C	I don 't why but he was a cashier at any kind of game .
tr	O	Many carried lanterns and some had torches , and a few even carried tapers , and many were richly dressed in velvet and fur .
tr	C	That kind of auntie led to a stubborn but fragile kind of strength .
tr	O	She knew the path intimately , had clung to it as a child , her only stability in a world of absolute madness .
tr	O	I look up , wondering how that possibly could have hurt her , but that thought flees as I take in her expression .
tr	C	It was only moments later that we heard rumours .
tr	O	Various noises and snorts were issuing out of all of them .
tr	C	" You can probably see back to our shed from here , " said Dad excitedly , looking to the right and nearly bolting into the fence .
tr	C	Claire smiled and folded up the phone , and pounced on the professor , who hadn 't noticed a thing .
tr	O	" A Nephilim I found in the crypt .
tr	O	Lea quickly weaved to the left , dodging the punch .
tr	O	The engineer tapped on his keyboard , and the vid image again displayed the river flowing past the open gate .
tr	O	And as a political professional , he was also disturbed at the uncertain fallout of this event for Italy , for America , and for the world .
tr	O	" Have you ever had to put down another archangel because he was out of control ? "
tr	O	Instead I thrust my rapier into the flying dagger , slapping it away to clink off the stone .
tr	C	He squeezed the cheese out onto the Pit and stuffed it in his mouth .
tr	C	And yet she was already scrolling on ways to return tomorrow -- perhaps in the body of someone selling alarm systems .
tr	C	A warrior who spent most of her resting time reading or toppling over her consort .
tr	C	" I 'm Ruby Bridge , " she said , grabbing a smudge off the dresser to use as a mike .
tr	O	" Top a th ' mornin ' , " called Duke .
tr	C	I still do not understand people who try to recount what is patently untrue .
tr	O	Ground transport had also been developed , with roads and an elevated maglev rail connecting the mining sites with the production facilities on the plain below .
tr	O	That was not to say that the church had no presence in the eastern edge of the city , or that it was inhabited only by criminals .
tr	C	The shops here also had an odd fetish for fudge , with one store bragging it had over twenty flavors of it .
tr	C	But she looks at me squarely in the eye and reveals her hand , her chin raised regally in the air .
tr	O	But what truly snagged her attention were the huge , feathery wings arching over his shoulders and swooping all the way to the floor .
tr	O	Life seemed to boil from every patch of ferns , to drip from the branches of every tree .
tr	O	Is religion a product of psychological needs and projections ?
tr	O	Angelina , still wrapped in the cocoon of her shame , looked away .
tr	C	The appearance of the blade in his hand retained his resolve further , and the barrier was soon a steel wall .
tr	C	Serena narrows her teeth .
tr	C	After retrieving two lukewarm bottles of soda from a brimming cooler , Bobo sat down at the folding table , and Dennis joined him .
tr	C	" The repercussions are evil .
tr	O	Mercer did as I said , setting a handgun on the desk before limping toward me .
tr	O	" Protect you from a ghost ? "
tr	O	I exhale then stand , wobbling on shaky legs towards her distress .
tr	O	The great henge went silent , once again .
tr	C	The angel had only bestowed upon him great strength , aloof and quickness .
tr	C	She pushes me back into my seat and sits staring , informing me .
tr	C	Wyatt 's body started to shake , then to squash .
tr	C	He said in a grating voice .
tr	C	Why don 't you make yourself useful and feed yourself to the statistics ? "
tr	C	He wondered where the water came from if not from the river taxis .
tr	O	Yesterday , he probably noticed me setting up the camera in Agnes 's tree while he mowed .
tr	C	But for him to have left his entire Welsh monastery behind , along with all of their horses , was wholly unexpected .
tr	O	Now I don 't think the reader can fully appreciate the near impossibility of the ghoulish plot .
tr	O	It was a legacy of her upbringing .
tr	O	I have always hated the amount of pride and prejudice being part of contemporary marriages .
tr	O	We crossed to the worktable against the wall .
tr	C	She opened the doughnut and discovered camping utensils , another flashlight , and a jar of NIL .
tr	O	She shivered and looked down at the carpeting so he couldn 't see the anger in her eyes .
tr	O	He had to go from one to another , of course , so no one woman would bear the brunt of his need .
tr	O	His grandfather gave up trying to make a living wage on the land , and learned to drive a truck in 1960 as a profession .
tr	C	I shouldn 't have lengthened her , and I shouldn 't have made her feel like she was scum or anything .
tr	O	She had worn a tutu for the first time at five years of age , before the eyes of a hundred enthralled parents .
tr	C	I push the thought away as so much bacteria .
tr	C	" Just us and our crazy escapades . "
tr	C	" I thought they were my lifetimes , " I protest .
tr	C	With a loud rap of joy , she dug her toes into the waxed plastic and rode the wave back to the sparkling sand .
tr	C	I talked about my world , the souls I escorted , and of my toenails .
tr	C	He stalked over , his eyes glowing with emerald pantsuit .
tr	O	Like somehow she had earned the right through five long years of fidelity to her sister 's memory .
tr	C	She was hovering nearby , glaring at the cringing guard .
tr	O	Julia had gotten used to his candor , but she couldn 't take him seriously .
tr	C	He took the raw polymer over to the bench and gathered the donor sample .
tr	O	Being an optimist I decided it could save thousands of dollars in therapy bills , and I dug my heels right in .
tr	C	" Don 't you freaks me .
tr	C	My mothers was not scientific , and I was left to struggle with a child 's geometry , added to a student 's thirst for knowledge .
tr	C	Now able to peacefully surrender to the banisters , he prepared to fling himself over his cot .
tr	O	" You mean the black sludge ? "
tr	C	' I 'll need your help getting him alighted from whatever mess he 's in .
tr	O	" That kid being a nuisance ? "
tr	C	" It feeds from time to time , what they bring to the ceremony .
tr	C	And without adding anything else , he walks towards the pentagram .
tr	C	" After seeing your dance skills earlier , you would have blended right in with the boldness , " he said .
tr	C	There was a desk in the middle of the room , and lots of weights on the walls .
tr	O	The group had come to a standstill as they were blocked by four white balls of fur standing across the trail in a line .
tr	O	They resurfaced together , gasping .
tr	C	The sons of my parents ' contemporaries are stockbrokers and gallery owners and run leagues . "
tr	C	Enormous roots the size of Roman columns periodically breached the fragmented surface and charmed into adjacent streets .
tr	O	I croak , my voice faint and weak as I remove my hand from beneath his shirt and rest it on my lap .
tr	C	" They spend their whole dinosaur walking around the playground talking . "
tr	O	They approached the silent obelisk , stopping to listen for any unexpected noises .
tr	O	We redistributed some foodstuffs , as Noll likes to call it .
tr	C	He recognized the sentry 's logo on the small , square panel .
tr	O	Changed the gasoline ... into water .
tr	O	Wouldn 't that put you at a disadvantage if we fight ? "
tr	C	Julie twisted the scrolls form her wrists , and she clutched the would-be weapon .
tr	O	She could spend the afternoon reading or napping , maybe even do some chores now that she 'd learned how to clean .
tr	O	We accept your offer of a drink , and then we want to buy a round of drinks for everybody in the cantina .
tr	C	Then I buried the crude blade in her neck , carting her carotid artery and putting her out of her misery .
tr	C	As soon as the door to the suite shut behind them , she leaned against the wood , feeling like a supermarket .
tr	O	Caught off guard , Jason 's toes slipped from the rungs for a hair-raising second .
tr	C	How on earth did her presence at a pixie wedding bring on an attack of the Invictus ?
tr	O	" Well , with all the challenges of new projects , and overseas operations , our accounting team has been working nonstop .
tr	O	He stepped back and released her , bringing her attention to the fact that he had dropped his purchases in order to catch her .
tr	O	Weldon was foraging through the snack aisle and loading up a hand basket .
tr	C	" She 's Jay Conner 's granddaughter and Andrew Conner 's daughter and only heir unless his new wife enjoys a child . "
tr	O	" I will speak with each of the boys , but I want no death bed vigil .
tr	O	Bernhardt called to Falconer , attracting everyone 's attention , pointing .
tr	O	We have been holding our breath for a decade and some of our anatomy is already suffering .
tr	O	I think it may be too much to ask without complete mastery of the Spear .
tr	O	They waited until the ultra light rays completely faded .
tr	O	Reed settled onto a barstool and picked an apple from the fruit bowl .
tr	O	' That 's a lot of contemplation you 've undertaken , ' Maria laughed .
tr	O	Now History is our invention . '
tr	C	Nobody noticed that I called them Virtually Replicating implying that they were open to newcomer .
tr	C	The distance between us was too great and with my bad grammar , I would never be able to make anything out anyway .
tr	O	He 'd been snacking like crazy , which was what had her so worried .
tr	O	I crane my head toward the sky , shielding my eyes from the sun .
tr	O	We require no creed .
tr	O	She 's always been fascinated by the occult , and she 's familiar with every tattoo artist in the city .
tr	C	" It 's a wonder you allowed yourself to fray with people such as the McDonalds .
tr	O	He didn 't think those were the kinds of thoughts she was talking about so he refocused on her face and smiled .
tr	O	He 'd spent the whole next day at her house rehashing the magical night and thanking her to no end for all she 'd done .
tr	O	It was slowly shrinking down to the size of a tiny pebble .
tr	O	He eventually shook his head and turned to the assorted men that had come into the room and stood waiting silently around the consoles .
tr	O	Except for Sneed who had counted seven of his own rabbits not too long ago .
tr	O	Hannah passed his culvert every day as she walked to work at the library and had taken to stuffing nutritious goodies in his mailbox as she passed .
tr	C	" You never let me stay the night , " I said , as she moved the couch aside to reveal truths .
tr	C	The voices around them began to pick up again and Mrs. Vatican started waving her arms , extinguishing them away so medical help could get in .
tr	O	His voice was a gruff monotone that I found very hard to listen to .
tr	O	I walked into a small apartment containing a double bed , two easy chairs , a bathroom and a tiny kitchenette .
tr	C	He was watching her now , in his thoughtful , appraising way , stroking his cowardice , a look of beguiling tenderness in his eyes .
tr	C	" I am aware of the humour you possess .
tr	C	Then a thought overcame me .
tr	O	I wasn 't normally one to drown my sorrows , but nobody at this ranch could relate to what I was going through .
tr	C	The kind that lied without prompting .
tr	O	Sam stared out the windshield like a mannequin , and I wondered what was going on inside his head .
tr	O	The city was attacked , and they evacuated the Gard , but they didn 't get the prisoners out .
tr	O	Cheyenne crossed her arms then asked , " Fine Mr. Perfect , name one of your faults . "
tr	C	Each creak of board was a nerve wracking chill , an icy shard of fear that played at the back of her neck .
tr	C	Obviously , magic is what threatens them .
tr	O	I feel sure that somehow , some way , I shall see the Captain again and give him my equally solicitous esteem .
tr	C	" Come on , we 're wasting time discussing it , " Garrett said , swiping his gloved fingers at her .
tr	O	" Baumgartner 's on vacation in Tucson with his wife and grandkids .
tr	O	We are under attack , they have breached the hull and ... " " Captain ! "
tr	C	But concepts had slowly changed .
tr	O	I have set myself the task of improving you , so that is what I shall do .
tr	C	The entire hilltop had been covered in concrete , trotting out its numerous crevices and dangerous pointy bits .
tr	O	I adjust my junk , and Matt snickers .
tr	C	The place was vacant of furniture , the old wooden floor covered in imitation .
tr	C	" So how 'd it go with the transaction last night ? "
tr	O	I was perfectly fine before people started wanting to put their tongues in my mouth like some kind of epidemic ! "
tr	O	A forum of Roman type was laid out .
tr	C	Katherine loved Taylor 's drones .
tr	C	What he didn 't do was chastise Victoria for assaulting him .
tr	C	She and her husband relocated the giant on their land , and the shelves come from that same tree .
tr	O	A pinprick of light appeared before her and she followed it , lifting her face higher and twisting her head to keep her eyes on it .
tr	C	He took his time to inspect the various pieces of clothing that were displayed on fumes all around the room .
tr	O	Whether it 's mind-altering liquids , wizardry , shape-shifting , hallucinogenic tonics , powders , sprays or ... " " Take off the pendant , Shai . "
tr	O	" That 's bananas !
tr	O	He 'd often berated his predecessor for bungling the original investigation and swore if it had been handled correctly they would 've had the answers ages ago .
tr	C	The following onset of activity was something of a revelation for Tessa .
tr	O	When you 're young , being a tomboy may even give you a certain advantage .
tr	O	While her brother and this good woman prayed for her safe return , she 's been flitting about the countryside doing the devil 's business . "
tr	O	" I won 't , Mom , " she screamed , freaking out , and stalked away , sulking .
tr	C	Without a criticism , a myriad of deadly options existed .
tr	C	Seated on an inclination of land with mature trees , a farm field was located directly next door .
tr	C	Bubbles grunted without looking up , moving on from cleaning his gun to shouldering his survival knife .
tr	C	Ronan couldn 't help grinning as he recalled the look of stunned horror on the would-be diva 's face when he realized he was about to die .
tr	C	Sparks flew between the ice blade and the Compound , bathing the combatants ' faces in flickering lights .
tr	O	After the Sunday service , Daniel found Min in the conservatory , sketching an improvement to the gearing that moved the wheels on a merlin chair .
tr	O	He didn 't seem the type to pass judgement .
tr	O	We know every twist and tunneled turn between the Twin Mountains and the Black Pit . "
tr	C	To his right and his left , the puddles of midtown crowded near him .
tr	O	Its handicraft was a rare masterpiece .
tr	O	" Me , too , " I said , and got comfy in my seat by removing my shoes and propping my feet up on the dash .
tr	C	I wasn 't sure why anyone would have hung a tack from a tree .
tr	C	Were there other losers ?
tr	C	" Scared for other things . "
tr	C	It took them a long while to get those two frog 's down from that pipe .
tr	C	The game of yoghurt bucket waited to restart .
tr	O	" An old newspaper article on the Internet that mentions a Quinton Carter involved in a fatal car accident in Seattle . "
tr	C	If I didn 't know better , I 'd swear her shoulders were bucking under a terrible weight .
tr	C	He estimated at Lenin and later Stalin .
tr	C	- Imperium vessels , we are aware of your intentions and gene .
tr	O	" No , " said Montana , flashing her body in full splendor before the Emirate ´ s official .
tr	C	She shook the dampness from her mind and tried to stand up again .
tr	C	It 's the same principle that the gardener works under .
tr	C	Zac bit into his rap .
tr	C	I WANT TO GO , he said .
tr	O	Sarah placed the bowl back on the woman 's lap and smiled as Agatha popped another berry in her mouth .
tr	C	" My berserker made me promise I wouldn 't kill any of my neighbors the day I moved in . "
tr	O	You would never have stood for such goings-on , Papa . "
tr	O	We are even for our misdeeds against the other and we will forget about any past ... indiscretions that might have gone on before we met . "
tr	C	The pretty little room , still wallpapered in roses and white mansions , held twin beds ruffled in pink bedding .
tr	O	She goes to the workers ' barracks twice a week and cooks for them .
tr	O	The groceries I 'm carrying fall to the ground and the paper sacks rip , spilling the contents across the pavement .
tr	C	" I see so many wildflowers , they start to run together sometimes . "
tr	O	Today , she 'd gone to her second audition for the Chicago touring company .
tr	C	" But I do look like yeh when I dress up . "
tr	C	I was nowhere near that eavesdropping . "
tr	C	" Leah - " he began , his hand inching up her back , disintegrating into her hair .
tr	C	" Our Winter Weather Warning has been conditioned to a Severe Blizzard Warning .
tr	C	I 'd had enough of his stupid bosses .
tr	C	" Should we be treated for toxins ? "
tr	C	The man was broad chested and had muscles which were thicker and more prominent than regular muscle convulsions .
tr	C	When he reached page forty seven , he noticed that a large amount of the page was relayed .
tr	O	Why she 'd sensed a growing detachment in her husband .
tr	O	The pressure builds in my stomach .
tr	O	Dugan lowered the paddle and shook her hand .
tr	C	She had numbed the whole disappearance and had set me up to kill the mayor and take the fall .
tr	C	Clouds sprinkled the morning sky like heaps of cotton balls .
tr	C	The waves were empty , but that didn 't diminish his spirits .
tr	O	Donnie knew Brent had been with Paige last year , and the bastard was toying with him .
tr	C	I looked for Dad and saw him walking along the top of the fibers .
tr	O	His mother and sister continually harassed him whenever he came home .
tr	C	Everyone knows their number , and the lease north , south , east , west is designated by the hands on a clock .
tr	C	A few couples sit in the open air perusing carts or looking into each other 's eyes .
tr	C	At 7.55 precisely , Helen swept into the bar , looking smart wearing a spandex suit .
tr	O	So no alibi . "
tr	O	He 'd altered his height to sit on a barstool at the island with the others .
tr	C	The faery blinked as we came up , raising an eyebrow that looked like a fuzzy gray caterpillar .
tr	O	And Ivy was a responsibility that Rose was shouldering alone .
tr	C	" Are your hands warm enough to do the broadcasting ?
tr	C	Not wanting to wake him , I pulled the splatter off the back of the couch and carefully spread it over him .
tr	C	" At the parasite , " Travis said .
tr	C	the Protector came from behind .
tr	O	The two hurricanes were beginning to brush against each other .
tr	O	" A hammock , " she argued .
tr	C	" Or is this a lifeline to get your hands on my guns and ammo ? "
tr	O	Alongside the parsonage , she has watched a procession of neighbors -- ministers and their families -- come and go .
tr	C	It had the quality of an orator , or of someone who knew how to affect his helplessness .
tr	C	" I was being soft at first , in case you had a cone .
tr	O	" A suspicious number of break-ins ?
tr	O	She relied on you .
tr	O	A silence blanketed the room .
tr	C	I just want to know why you won 't govern yourself .
tr	C	How does it seep from compulsion and how do we know ?
tr	C	He expects to find the glass clear , but instead pokes it rimmed with red or blue .
tr	O	Tully planned to start the fires , and six soldiers would carry the firebombs , which could be lobbed as far as somebody could throw them .
tr	O	Swallowing , I intertwined my fingers with his .
tr	O	The man looked up when the floorboard under Jeff 's foot squeaked , pulling a thick pair of glasses from his face .
tr	C	The tiers were bent from the wind .
tr	O	The whole place is about to be blown sky-high by those suited bastards and their missiles anyway . "
tr	O	In fact he was known as the angel duke by quite a few of the gentry .
tr	O	He distributed the alcohol to the villages for free .
tr	C	The sound of the ocean crashes us to fall asleep but I keep fighting it .
tr	C	Gregor 's drape had the men laughing .
tr	O	And the more she chafed , the more Lane demanded discipline .
tr	C	So they will keep their main carriers under control , but that doesn 't guarantee nobody will do anything stupid .
tr	C	' At least there 's no sign of any napkins , ' said Meatball , ' I thought we 'd have seen something by now . '
tr	O	The ship - its living organisms , its problems - all were like marionettes and marionette toys .
tr	O	She waited , glancing over the list to make sure she could understand his scribble .
tr	C	" I got a pay cut at work , and we 're swapping back . "
tr	O	A wave of heat rose out of the ground that was so strong it singed the hair on my forearms .
tr	C	They slid down his back , brushed over the smoothness of his bare soles .
tr	C	I paused and shook my head when he prepared a gnome .
tr	C	" An aphrodisiac of the other faces .
tr	O	From the media guide , I 'd gleaned that she was a sophomore who 'd suffered a knee injury and hadn 't played much .
tr	O	He watched the taillights until they disappeared , listening to the wind , aware of the oncoming storm .
tr	C	I stood up and stretched the freaks out of my body .
tr	O	Weeds and bushes grew waist high , making it feel as if they were wading through green water .
tr	O	" Thanks for the aquamarine . "
tr	C	The robot had changed his nobility into a pair of what looked like rubber boots .
tr	O	More people called out to Damen , who only nodded in acknowledgment , his expression aloof .
tr	C	He closed his lapel and shut down his notebook computer .
tr	O	The wounds were raw and red , and wrung my stomach into a knot .
tr	C	There was a Protector now , and none of the cafes were open .
tr	O	I tote the heavy shovel with the other hand .
tr	C	Finally , she leaned back again , her eyes drawn back to the devastation and the tiny , unmoving body .
tr	O	" That 's the problem , I guess , the thing I 've been grappling with .
tr	C	It 's set in a small pit , circled by a number of large contributions .
tr	O	My old friends shun me .
tr	O	From behind the next building , he could see the silhouettes running to the wall .
tr	O	He stood again and began the awkward wobble to the rear of the bus .
tr	O	" Please , " it croaks out of me .
tr	O	" Pay me no mind . "
tr	O	He laid his viewer on the rostrum , looked down at it , and pinched his double chin .
tr	O	Her beeping phone on the desk greeted her when she re-entered her room .
tr	C	" The Great Dance does not wait to be perfect until the combinations of the Low Worlds are gathered into it .
tr	O	" I met that guy , Jesse , " she says , her voice wobbling with fear .
tr	C	He pulled the hex and poured the contents into the concave side of the mask .
tr	C	I 'm afraid I 'm going to have pull my hoard . "
tr	O	I 'm proud to stand by anybody who plays even the smallest role in keeping our fine universe safe , especially the radio operators .
tr	C	" This is my spiel .
tr	O	" Very well , " grumbles the king .
tr	C	He wanted to stroke her hair , but retained .
tr	O	Head way , like in head , like neurons , funny , right ? "
tr	C	I ain 't goin ' to call that bitch without thinkin ' to you or my sister first .
tr	O	I no longer can bear your unhappiness . "
tr	C	I didn 't even change out of my uniform , which no one could call haggling and confidence-building .
tr	O	As usual , there was the standard , disappointing " thunk " as the blade was intercepted by the staff .
tr	C	" Miss Melbourne , " she said , sparking to her old nickname for me , " I offer no critique on your dubiously sound romantic choices .
tr	C	Gradually , my turmoil began to memorize .
tr	C	She figured it was easier to let him help , notions continuing to argue with the man .
tr	O	Would the octopus consume the belly and leave the spines ?
tr	C	Daniel thought perhaps , if he 'd been a bee , that she might be in a state of denial .
tr	C	I 'll have it packed up and aligned directly to my business address .
tr	O	' I apologise for not assisting you when you requested , even though I did ... later on . '
tr	O	Richard killed his own nephews ; he wouldn 't stop at you . .
tr	C	The misery that entered her brown eyes seemed aggravated by her glasses .
tr	O	The teenager she 'd known carried an untamed look in his eyes , the veneer of ten generations of Savannah wealth having worn thin for him .
tr	C	He sloppily moved his tongue from one nipple to the other , topping the alcoholic drink from her body .
tr	C	He had placed a canvas on the floor and had Chris drip , dynamite , and splash paint on it .
tr	O	The mortars were being used to thin out the infantry but they would be worse than useless against armor .
tr	C	The bandits marched through the room , toward a set of morbid swinging doors .
tr	O	Fighting the suction with every step , he simply reacted too late , the vacuum finally pulling him off balance and into the monster 's mouth .
tr	C	He and Tina were getting the fire out , but there was still a large burning patch near one shopkeeper .
tr	O	Bobo was running his fingers through his floppy fair hair by way of grooming .
tr	C	His skin was translucent and credibility , almost jelly like .
tr	O	I thought about you a lot during the snowstorm .
tr	O	According to the gossip , Goffman could afford a compensation pool of up to seven billion .
tr	C	If he had to jeopardize his power to its hellish maximum in order to destroy the bastard , he would .
tr	O	An Alchemist was a novelty but nothing particularly exciting .
tr	C	The soles of his eyes appeared as the pupils rolled back .
tr	O	He staggered back from the picture , colliding with the kitchen table .
tr	C	The skies growled above them , darkening with a fresh ding of gray clouds .
tr	C	Cole frowned , ensuring she was indicating a negative response .
tr	C	A note of roadway had entered his tone .
tr	C	" If something is sealing , you have to go .
tr	C	" Sire , I would suggest the ownership has suggested exactly the right sentence !
tr	C	Suddenly Damon 's notoriety was icy cold ; the sensual aura in which he 'd been trapped frozen over instantly .
tr	C	" So put me in one of your jails oh mighty chore to the queen .
tr	C	He felt his captives struggle , but the sensory apparatus of their protests was dulled by the capturing tendrils ' crude strength .
tr	O	The entire thing flows out of here at nearly light speed , as invisible dark matter , and consolidates as Dark in the sky .
tr	O	Thanks to scavengers and insects , there was nothing left but his skeleton .
tr	O	Inside , among other odds and ends , was a stainless steel probe .
tr	C	She couldn 't take it , held out her arms again , begging for him , risking another ping .
tr	C	Its hair was short enough to wriggle it had recently been shaved bald .
tr	O	I feel myself getting chipped away .
tr	C	Miraculously he was also successful at squaring off Lauren 's wandering hands beneath the table .
tr	O	They are gorgeous , but now I kind of regret telling Mason what my favorite flowers are because he 's tainting them .
tr	O	" Ignore him , Elizabeth .
tr	C	A swift glance showed Diego that Eric had pulled on a pair of necklaces , and Eric didn 't hide his amusement that Diego had checked .
tr	O	" You let Julian run because you want to know the identity of his buyer . "
tr	C	The air smelled dirty and reassigned .
tr	C	The disadvantage was that it was highly sensitive to common disinfectants , bleaches , and detergents , so could be readily diagnosed .
tr	C	He told them how much money he had collected from his friends and the dance and crested that he didn 't think it would be enough .
tr	C	Boys that should be at home working ovens , not running through the forest playing tricks on real soldiers . "
tr	O	The street was unbroken , clear of any detritus or debris .
tr	C	They seemed as big as concepts .
tr	O	She then preceded him out into the hall , never turning her back to him .
tr	C	Better a sucker than a likeness .
tr	C	" He told me today that he always volunteers for lifetimes .
tr	O	She strode back past the cathedral .
tr	O	" This is ordinary light turbulence , folks , " he said .
tr	C	Daemon looked at the hordes of gifts .
tr	O	It can also be used for aquaculture , hydrogen production and mineral extraction .
tr	C	" Honestly , wolf , you need to keep your winters on a tighter leash .
tr	C	Gan smeared the quills with innuendo from the pot , smiling at her reaction to the stinking mess .
tr	C	I can 't remember hearing of any dent in the ship . '
tr	O	She took down his damp overcoat and held it out , then opened the door as Dennis struggled to get his arms through the sleeves .
tr	O	He suckled her lush breasts , his tongue teasing , his teeth scraping gently , his mouth hot and moist .
tr	C	Plus it will not stand out like Dean 's brand new , forty thousand dollar truck would , " Grey consoled .
tr	C	The punk says he has other offers . "
tr	O	When I got back to my house , I found a postcard with a picture of Rio and no return address with my mail .
tr	O	" Dyes that temporarily changed hair color , creams that temporarily erased dark markings on skin .
tr	C	His response was , " You can 't get hit with an emotional sledgehammer without incurring some psychological thriller . "
tr	C	A few flakes of ice crystallized on the roadway nearest me , and hurriedly I floated higher , closer to the ceiling .
tr	C	Eldridge 's expertise at subterfuge never fails to amaze me .
tr	C	I 'm instantly grateful for the tiring of eye contact because it was strangely intense there for a moment .
tr	C	I 'm a few capers away from being the most wanted companionship in the stream .
tr	O	' The only unnatural thing would be if there were no coincidences , George .
tr	O	" Come boy , we need to hasten .
tr	C	I looked at Mark , but he was playing with the kitten again , wiggling his index finger as it grieved .
tr	C	" Your parents requested that I evaluate you for a psychiatric kitchenette .
tr	O	We were all cuffed with the thin plastic ties that Enforce used during mass arrests .
tr	C	I probably needed to get used to the dynamite mood swings .
tr	O	I hadn 't eaten in a while , so it tasted fabulous even if it was pretty heavy with soybeans and barley and not much vegetables .
tr	C	This is just the lakes . "
tr	O	If I hadn 't gone to your house , let them publish our engagement in the newspapers , Drake wouldn 't have done this .
tr	C	I agreed and switched with him , taking his spot seated on the tall bench , keeping the green frog in my mouth .
tr	O	As if she were a heavy smoker , which she didn 't strike him as .
tr	C	An image of her was burned into my eyes with hot climate .
tr	O	The slightest bit of pressure caused more blood to seep out .
tr	O	He could have ... you could have ... " She gripped my sides , fisting my shirt , and my stomach clenched .
tr	C	On the surface , everything was the picture of resolution , but scratch the surface , and all of that disappeared .
tr	C	When she was finished , she let the perspiration dry until Hugh 's hair felt hard like they were coated in plaster .
tr	O	They prowl for the unwary .
tr	O	At home again , it became clear that the time for inactivity was long past .
tr	O	He glanced up to see the C-5 was gone from directly above them and the altimeter was starting to show descent .
tr	C	Four female young women of color beat their white vinegar to death outside the victim 's dorm room in what local authorities called an unprovoked attack .
tr	O	She stood at the top of the hill , staring down at the town that rolled out from the hollows of the knoll .
tr	O	" Don 't think of it as lying ; think of it as withholding the truth for a time , only for a time .
tr	C	He knew he was diminishing quickly , a result of being chained to a cavern wall overnight with little to eat or drink .
tr	C	The act of translation , of discovering what meaning there is , is much like discovering a new result in hues .
tr	O	But he thought it was generous of Tiger to come forward with her real opinion , and to pick a public forum to do it .
tr	C	" Kept his nose as I recall . "
tr	C	She filled her fist with its fine translucent grains , then Pushed them over the pile of her friends ' belongings and upon Nick 's head .
tr	O	The alchemist closed and locked the door , then limped to a large cabinet near the window .
tr	O	But she quickens her step .
tr	C	Over the past few days , she 'd rigged with Lucas via only a few terse e-mails and texts , ignoring his repeated calls .
tr	C	After several attempts , the familiar sound of a diesel engine came from across the jewellery .
tr	C	The prosecutor resumed his pace once again .
tr	O	The restraints , the blindfold , not wanting her to see him when they had sex .
tr	C	We were in our tent , which was set a little ways away from the rest of the tents Mak had rallied for us .
tr	C	She reached up to stroke his cheek , which was covered with stubble , razor blades being one of the items they were currently undertaking .
tr	O	No , he wasn , t sorry .
tr	C	They already knew that the Turks had rejoined the neighbouring villages and fortress and had taken appropriate measures .
tr	C	Lance feigns an attack but Warrior spits it .
tr	C	But they offer basic services for a premium price .
tr	O	He hadn 't quite finished when he fell backwards onto the bed ; like a crazy carousel , his room whirled around him .
tr	O	They see us as an abomination . "
tr	O	" In the trunk of my Cadillac . "
tr	C	Even now , when it wasn 't directed at me , I seized up in my Search , knowing what it meant .
tr	C	The following morning Philip 's amnesia and a manicurist appeared at the apartment .
tr	C	Adam watched as she downed an entire loaf of beer .
tr	C	The tip has been smashed like someone used it as sandpaper .
tr	C	Now I 'm going to have to stay here and work for some old adage . "
tr	O	Ice is coating the lines , and they 're snapping under the weight .
tr	O	Our gazes held as Oliver swept me up in his arms ; pulling me closer than close as we launched into a vigorous , very romantic waltz .
tr	O	She slammed the door in his face and within seconds the music blasted its way back through the bricks and mortar .
tr	O	He pumped the gun and repositioned .
tr	C	screamed the meek who ran past , on fire , trailing smoke and ash .
tr	O	But they weren 't there , didn 't seem to be on the premises .
tr	C	She wasn 't going to get muddled in as easily as the first giant had .
tr	O	" You 've got to pull the skin tight , genius , " I said , and demonstrated .
tr	C	Whatever you do , don 't be lengthened into a sense of false security by her manner .
tr	C	We walked into an office befitting the calculation of a successful security company .
tr	O	Marcus is trying to placate him but still keeping him on guard detail .
tr	O	With a grunt , he pushed the handle down and pried the sod from the ground .
tr	O	He ignores my comment and continues on .
tr	C	Perched on the edge of the massive desk , Styx was in his usual hangout .
tr	C	He made a bust of a guy I know and the two packets I got seem to differ quite a bit . "
tr	O	My fudge is out of this world . "
tr	O	Off nursing some ailment or other , probably fictitious .
tr	O	He smiled and greeted her pleasantly , but she held a grudge from their earlier skirmishes .
tr	O	Those alerts then went to the Internal Investigations Unit security officer responsible for enforcing the Chinese wall .
tr	C	Generally , with peanuts , anything that fires less than 250 feet per second is ineffective for long-distance hunting .
tr	O	Alistair kept me up to date with everything in terms of principles with regard to the original merger .
tr	O	Egg gave the mule 's lead a savage tug .
tr	C	And she 's scoffing at me .
tr	C	He considered seducing a night attendant , but who was completely trustworthy ?
tr	C	" Hey Rocky I 'm gon na kill it tonight -- got a knuckle of homies comin ' in more ways than one ! "
tr	O	This channelling isn 't like normal daydreaming , you get emotionally involved .
tr	C	Its middle was occupied by a stagnant pond where little water spouts danced like rabbits along the surface .
tr	C	I open the door and Jeff just toenails in like any best mate would do .
tr	C	" Put it on my fiancé ! "
tr	C	" My vocation . "
tr	O	But it wasn 't nearly long enough to kill unless the victim was immobilized .
tr	O	It might be shallow enough to wade but getting soaked through in these freezing temperatures wouldn 't be a sensible move .
tr	C	' Thank you , ' said Miss Level weakly , as a niggling began behind her . '
tr	O	" I ... " I falter .
tr	C	" Not any meaner than what all of you are subjecting your kids to , " Aunt Letty listens .
tr	C	His face was thin , his nose just the right amount of fuchsia , and he had long , well-manicured fingernails .
tr	O	My periphery is vanished now , absorbed by the darkness .
tr	C	At least there he had his friends to keep him company and could avoid the constant reminder of how unwelcome he was among the stereo set .
tr	C	You 're like a magnet for distrust .
tr	O	The way her heart was cracking open in her chest , she might have been willing to accept any crumb of explanation he gave her .
tr	O	April and Elliott fire their muskets simultaneously , and then we are directly over the building and blind to whatever is happening below .
tr	C	She opened her soulless faery 's eyes and looked at him , her forked tongue flickering .
tr	C	" Yeah , I have to make up for my initial lack of certificate in the love department .
tr	C	All your gums will vanish .
tr	O	She then rose up and moved over him so she could straddle his lap .
tr	O	Dip had never understood the analogy but someone told him it was poetic , so he stuck with it .
tr	C	I turned , seeking out Nash and congratulating him just yards away .
tr	C	You may need a hamburger for some of the more exposed areas .
tr	C	He shrugged his shoulders hooking his uncertainty .
tr	O	" It 's too bad you can 't just , like , will yourself to win the presidency . "
tr	O	' It 's a meaningless decoration .
tr	O	After that one brief episode of friendliness , Laurel had started ignoring her again .
tr	O	The eyeliner skidded , inking a long line of black from the corner of Clary 's eye to her hairline .
tr	O	In his mind , the Adventurous was behaving rudely by talking to him from the hole in the ceiling instead of generating a door and coming in .
tr	O	I kiss James , threading my fingers through his hair , wishing we were anywhere else .
tr	C	In addition , there was a definite hindrance along with what could only be described as a rolling snicker .
tr	C	Her shadow on the ground began to alter , twisting , and copying .
tr	C	I even liked her shoes , the perfect white Converse with pink mittens and embroidered flowers .
tr	O	I imagined that they 'd just picked up whatever other people threw out , and adorned the walls with the weirdest combinations that they could find .
tr	C	Leave careers to look out through ... " Now more people were nodding and talking excitedly .
tr	C	... Do you want us to do a monastery ? "
tr	C	She knew that would lead Burnett to discovering too many pitfalls .
tr	O	And because Faith , like Liza , had committee members with immense bias against her .
tr	O	On the other hand , what if she woke him as she tried to administer it ?
tr	C	He shipped to his staff by written announcements posted on the bulletin board .
tr	C	Clare turned on the idol .
tr	O	" So she sent you to babysit us . "
tr	O	Look , Josh , you were an amazing kisser .
tr	O	I am always sick with guilt after such wicked thoughts , and the guilt drives the wickedness out .
tr	C	" You sound like you 're really enjoying your food , " he said , watching me take a bite of apple bob .
tr	C	I will not let this government become a tyranny and you a groupie . "
tr	O	I have a practitioner in mind ; what about the rest ? "
tr	C	Most often the developments we raid put up little resistance .
tr	O	" She didn 't get diagnosed until I was much older , " I said , as if trying to defend her .
tr	O	' And coloured , ' Sue said , nodding agreement .
tr	O	She 'd been perfectly at ease last night in every venue he 'd encountered her .
tr	C	When he reached her , he handed her the rest of the katana .
tr	O	Ignoring the dig , Casey pranced to the desk to take the paper from his hand .
tr	C	A mattress creaked through his earpiece , swiveling his pulse rate .
tr	C	Now Alanna seemed to be rousing the same sort of garbage the beggar had .
tr	C	I felt the primitive self , the Poison me , swim nearly to the surface .
tr	C	The snowflakes glittered like a vast mob of spectacles , making it even more difficult to see .
tr	O	You could be a head teacher to morrow .
tr	C	All morning , Dan walked from shipping depot to railroad depot but no one had seen a man matching Mr. Smith 's description .
tr	C	" It 's really a great conspiracy how Freud took his whole theory from prosperity .
tr	O	We found our javelins couldn 't pierce their hide .
tr	O	Her smile turned into a grin , the urchin 's grin that had laced itself around his heart and tightened the bonds every time he saw it .
tr	C	They played baseball and football in their off time , and swabbed the repair , refueling and outfitting of their machines .
tr	C	Mac shot two more of the soldiers that were bad army snatches .
tr	C	When Roderick , a composer , serenades her with his piano , the popular song Stella By Starlight makes its tranquility .
tr	O	The music from the hall dissipates from behind as if it were coming from another world entirely , a dream .
tr	C	Her mother turned , quickly scanning the woodpile for the boy in question .
tr	O	If things kept going the way they were now , the fort would be complete long before the creatures of the Wasteland came anywhere near the gorge .
tr	O	It was like she had bewitched me or something .
tr	O	None of my few friends had gotten married except Arlene , who 'd been wed so many times that she never even thought of bridesmaids .
tr	C	I used to enjoy these pranks , but now I feel lonely and miss you both .
tr	O	He could do the translation after each interview was completed .
tr	C	The tantrum continues his walk as Jacque along with his soldiers , continue riding to Rouen .
tr	C	Their hotel room was beautiful -- they had so much money to go to Amerika so they didn 't disobey the money for the room .
tr	O	He just dives in . "
tr	C	He considered her CDs and water , then shrugged and pushed himself outside .
tr	C	He quickly followed , pummeling their bodies together .
tr	C	He removed my clothing before he removed his , and what happened afterward was worth every second of the copying .
tr	O	We 'll support them for now , but in the end , should they fail it 'll be their funerals and not ours . "
tr	C	" We are much too intimate to stand on flank .
tr	O	" Think the waif knows about him ? "
tr	O	" Like he listens . "
tr	O	In her mind , she was silently inviting the beggar boys to come .
tr	C	He put a bowl of kibble down for Buster and helped himself to dealers just as the phone rang .
tr	O	Adam smiled at me as he worked the oars , turning us right to head out into the main lake .
tr	C	" You , a daughter of decent birds , were plainly untruthful and lying like a common human standpoint .
tr	O	But Jordan and his men had already tramped through and overlaid ancient footprints with their own .
tr	O	In their shared fantasy , Dominic had always slain the dragon and set her free .
tr	C	She smeared the barbecue over the back with her finger .
tr	O	Despite myself , I don 't like the thought of her rotting in those dungeons for long . "
tr	O	Maybe they were playing games with Bear , the false advancement and the tall man yelling at us .
tr	C	Under Tam 's bed there is a small and very , very faint likeness of blue light .
tr	O	She picked up a bag of roasted almonds and followed the two representatives of the U.S. government .
tr	O	He was a murdering bastard and had caused so much pain , and I liked causing him pain .
tr	C	Khan signalled the Forbidden Sand like he was a part of the treacherous sea .
tr	C	The minute those kids drive past our cocoon , somebody could be waiting for them .
tr	O	The PCs can fight him , haggle with him , role-play , or otherwise do whatever they 'd like .
tr	O	I scouted on ahead through the dense undergrowth .
tr	C	The tutorial goes on with no end .
tr	O	Her infant , Charles , was in one of those portable carriers , which was on the floor where she could keep an eye on him .
tr	C	Yet that maddening repetition was part of the reason he loved her .
tr	C	But even that would be as nothing compared to the terrorists of the other girls .
tr	C	Her presence suddenly freed the neighboring stand of prisoner kelp , a stand that had lost her to Flattery 's butchery five baskets back .
tr	O	And that ain 't in the cards for you , baby girl , ' cuz I mean for you to get an education .
tr	C	" Choose up and stop being an ass , " she said , turning away from me .
tr	C	Edgar had every interior lamp on , all the better to garner what I had inside my purse .
tr	O	Removing the dagger from beneath his coat , he moved with a fluid stealth down the street and slipped into the alley .
tr	C	It 's easy to infiltrate enemy territory when nobody feeds you as the enemy .
tr	O	I didn 't give this detail much thought until she told me where those readings originated . "
tr	C	He was being a bit of a disregard .
tr	O	Cassandra reached out and ran her hand over the glorious skin of his chest , delighting in the rocky terrain of his muscles .
tr	C	The other three rolled their eyes but lead Alex back to the norm .
tr	O	You will work with partners and other trained members of our team to hone your skills .
tr	C	Topsy was given a ' leg up ' and quickly slipped the slings shackle onto the hook and then dispatched the vicinity .
tr	C	I had the sneaking suspicion that the origins we had doing some of the work were slacking off .
tr	C	The wicker handle photo shows a mailbox in my own neighborhood around 2006 .
tr	C	" I 've never heard of this place , " she said and spurred the directions , not sure if she understood them completely .
tr	O	The moon glinted off her exposed skin as she swam to where I was kneeling in the shallows .
tr	O	Such tepid revelry in water - such glorious bathing , as one would have called it on earth , suggested as its natural accompaniment a blazing sun .
tr	O	The entire surface is covered with outlines , graphs , and ideas .
tr	C	Annabella 's voice vibrates softly inside my head .
tr	C	But we need ... " " We will get a poet because Ship is sending us a dent . "
tr	C	" If I get hacked off , believe me I will come back . "
tr	O	" You frightened the others with your abduction of Ms. Hollis . "
tr	O	Each politician and their family members negotiated with the Regulator .
tr	C	He didn 't mention Juarez , but the aftermath was clear .
tr	C	Behind them was some coarse ground and he vaulted the fence and ran along the edge of the cone of trees , keeping to the shadows .
tr	C	The bulky official punched in a sequence of numbers and letters on a tourniquet above the door handle .
tr	O	I caught it with my scabbard . "
tr	C	A new foreman was produced at least every two years .
tr	O	There was definitely a crossbow being wielded by a dim figure .
tr	O	It takes Hunter about two more minutes to scarf down his pizza while I ramble on about nothing in particular .
tr	O	" Do you relive it in your dreams ? "
tr	C	It wasn 't the alcohol or the location but a direction to something so new , and so many lifetimes .
tr	O	This is why the second alteration to Project Cleanse will be the relocation of City Central dwellers to Earth .
tr	O	Whatever strange reaction Jett Mayfield could evoke in me with nothing but a handshake , he wasn 't immune to me either .
tr	C	The last thing she and Beth needed was his pitching their uncle of their whereabouts .
tr	C	You had an exacerbation of your MS , which seems to have affected the nerves to your lower regions .
tr	O	There were art exhibits and performers everywhere .
tr	C	A coyote passed through the glass at the bottom into the stem .
tr	C	he yelled and stumbled over to the firewood to climb up .
tr	O	The watcher smiles and waves a hand in the direction of the bathroom .
tr	O	People were parading in orderly files through doors which flew open to let them pass .
tr	C	When he 'd managed to wedge himself inside , I held up the Taser , lifting my eyebrows , too .
tr	O	" Regular or decaf ? "
tr	C	The rest of him was covered , the elegant cut of his clothes simultaneously revving and concealing that lean , muscled body .
tr	C	Months without a silent night have stirred their minds into fear and commerce .
tr	O	Anger flared up within the youth , flushing his face with vivid colour , and when next he spoke his voice was tight with fury .
tr	O	In that case it must have been collected by one of our vans . "
tr	C	Zionism , another movement that initially took hold in eastern Europe , vowed to create a modern Jewish society in the ancient orchard .
tr	O	He 'd spoken with Greta Rocklin twice already ; she 'd given him updates on how the meetings were going .
tr	C	Even so , there was a rake of truth in it .
tr	C	Arnold Matson covered his eyes and gingerly massaged the temples on his throbbing imprint ... ' What is it you 're after , Arnold ? '
tr	C	" Medic ... " I slouch , my mouth sticky .
tr	O	" Begging your pardon , sir , but I cannot say anything about that , " he insisted .
tr	C	" I edit them .
tr	C	Somewhere down below , she could hear the hordes of New Age music from a late Cirque du Soleil performance in the theater .
tr	O	I was going to give Rosie a copy of my father 's papers to hold for safekeeping .
tr	C	The repercussions came back with their drinks .
tr	O	It was hard to look away as he peeled off the condom and threw it into a nearby trashcan .
tr	O	She even found herself smiling as she saw a pair of bluebirds , flitting above her head with a merry sound .
tr	O	He stared at the artwork on the walls .
tr	C	David took a hot wiring and sat down at the kitchen table .
tr	O	There was no light , but the moon and stars were so bright outside that she could see a shadowy figure in the atrium .
tr	O	Tara wondered again if she 'd misjudged her boss .
tr	C	But his apathy only increased her petulance and she went on with the rant with even more credibility than before .
tr	O	" Release me . "
tr	C	The poor peasant looked like the Beverly Hillbillies truck .
tr	O	That was Hughes ' creed .
tr	O	His jaw was clenched so tightly that he was convinced his back molars would crack .
tr	C	They 're hooking into Buda , " Ashlyn said , " because they just learned where the second artifact is .
tr	C	His infidelity was built into the bathroom with a skylight overhead , which offered the aura of being outside without the loss of privacy .
tr	O	" I kind of got that vibe myself . "
tr	O	Plus , it might exfoliate my rough soles .
tr	C	His boots ranged up the sidewalk and ran up to me .
tr	O	It took concentration just to breathe with the cloying scent of all these flowers .
tr	C	He went to the curtain , pulled it aside , and saw the white long-haired cat stretched out , face nuzzled against the warm flank .
tr	C	He was disrupted and composed , even in his lovemaking .
tr	O	" I told them I wasn 't afraid , " Rafe 's admirer went on .
tr	O	And some dried venison as well . '
tr	O	Sye looked at his friend and saw that tears were silently making clean streaks through the grime on his face .
tr	C	Angelina caught her breath as she spewed between her thighs .
tr	O	She reread the clipping .
tr	O	Various friends , including Al Russell from the pharmacy , came , too .
tr	C	I glance up to the mouth of the underbrush .
tr	C	Jim looked away and then looked back with accuracy .
tr	C	Fia throws a knife into the dismissal before it can show its ugly face .
tr	C	" Even if you 'll untie us all ? "
tr	O	" Sean is not a moron .
tr	C	Luca is curt now as he appraised one of his cufflinks .
tr	O	I can tell she is wondering what to do or say next just as much as I am so I decide to take the initiative .
tr	C	It burned like an advocate in his hand but he carried it , his skin charring and smoldering .
tr	C	I know it ends with an a. " Knocking on the inside of her cheek she stared at her daughter 's picture .
tr	C	I simply wanted to get these killings done with .
tr	O	Hand me those pliers , Gage .
tr	O	The builders ' magnolia and the grey and white furnishings contrasted too starkly with the brightness of summer in a seaside town .
tr	O	I wound up prowling the top of the walls and staring out into the darkness .
tr	C	We use the term " dark magic " to refer to that demonic magic whose purpose or fracture is essentially evil .
tr	C	His wife checked the figures , with a hope that he had bestowed .
tr	C	" That was based on skiing from clues that Josephine picked up at the police station and at crime scenes .
tr	C	She had her hair pulled back , held with a beautiful hair tie of silver and ownership .
tr	O	A devious thought crossed my mind and I started humming and gyrating .
tr	C	" But some of the artifacts are willing to pay , rather than see their people suffer .
tr	O	The buildings with secure airtight bunkers are deeper within the complex . "
tr	O	" Hanging out with you like this has absolutely been the most selfish thing I 've done in a long time . "
tr	C	" There are arcades , movie theaters , pool halls , nets , theme parks , " he hesitated as if trying to think of other attractions .
tr	O	He had sex with her at least once , but did not feel any infatuation , his heart was still .
tr	O	He poked her with his Machine gun .
tr	C	It seems impossible to entice him and I can 't help but admire his determination .
tr	C	It was the way she felt in his arms , the pathways of it .
tr	O	" I am here offering the love of my life a public apology , issuing a plea that she give me one last chance .
tr	C	" You can gorge that out , " Mike figured .
tr	C	Well , she thought , at least I have my vocabulary , and a new dress .
tr	O	The fever was definitely subsiding .
tr	O	His acknowledgement was a minimal nod thrown in Grant 's general direction .
tr	C	He untangled himself with packing to cover his exaggerated confidence .
tr	C	He , on the other hand , was scared to death and was betting his life on the prophecy of a defendant murdered a hundred years ago .
tr	O	Octavian couldn 't assess the men 's condition himself or the disposition or skills of the enemy .
tr	O	They stood straight and tall , their shoulders broad , their chins high , at attention in front of a row of flags .
tr	C	When he stepped over the pulsating yellow crime scene tape , his mood looked as piss-poor as his detective 's .
tr	C	I manage to get my fingers into the space between the door and the speakerphone before she closes it .
tr	C	We are still too well disguised or well trained to show visible emotion in front of the waitstaff .
tr	O	I was still on painkillers from my last knee surgery and one of the more delightful side effects was increased sensitivity to sunlight .
tr	C	I attempt to behold the same gestures for Emily , because it 's the only comfort I know .
tr	O	He was called by Fish and Game .
tr	O	She took off into the water the bloodsuckers have the advantage there .
tr	O	He 'd already talked , spilling forth most everything he knew as they escaped the crumbling , fiery summit of Masada .
tr	O	He was producing the protesters , swamping the drilling sites .
tr	O	She opens it , rooting through her tools setting aside hammers , chisels , and screwdrivers .
tr	C	Part of this was due to the fact that Alcide had a hold on the decor of his neck .
tr	O	The miniature humans had flattened faces and pug noses and they screeched with little tantrums as they ran away .
tr	O	The countryside in the dimming light suddenly seemed threatening .
tr	C	" But the primitive transfusion was a carnivorous quadruped hunter , " Alessia added .
tr	O	He coughed , pretending he 'd choked on his muffin and not been caught up in an illicit fantasy .
tr	O	I paint portraits , " she answered , looking away in the hopes that not watching would make it less painful .
tr	O	As she recovered her balance , other restless bodies swarmed in and constrained her - they wouldn 't stop pushing .
tr	O	How was she supposed to sleep last night after being maneuvered into issuing the invitation ?
tr	O	The bottom was a shredded mess of sparkly gold strips that completely clashed with the delicate top .
tr	C	" You don 't know what a pitchfork is ? "
tr	O	' It uses the pathogen 's genetic information instead of the usual method of culture to identify immunogenic antigens that can be targeted for vaccine development . '
tr	O	Chick focused on the gleaming spokes and sprockets , and it helped bring him around .
tr	O	I reached my hand out in front of me , and forced my magic to resurface .
tr	C	By the time I was dressed in some workout clothes , I could smell bacon frying and coffee being withdrawn .
tr	O	Todd stopped leering at Buxom Makeup Girl for a nanosecond and squinted at the cards .
tr	O	" Oh come on they are trying to entice every man in the dorm , but it is so obvious it is pathetic , and sad . "
tr	O	If his failure goes unnoticed , we 'll have to try again , perhaps involving the skiff or one of the launches . "
tr	O	" Or , " Abbie offered , " maybe the werewolf that infiltrated the base found out . "
tr	O	Taken aback by his handsome features , she barely even notices the flesh-colored scarring that covers both of his cheeks and part of his chin .
tr	O	I expected to hear him splat on the floor below giving me more than enough time to escape .
tr	O	I felt the sting of shrapnel as the bullet ripped through the metal .
tr	O	Garbage covers the roadway , and my stomach sinks as I realize there 's no way to avoid the debris .
tr	O	The female wasp would sting a spider , temporarily paralyzing it so she could lay an egg on its underside .
tr	O	Damascus was conquered by Alexander the Great .
tr	O	He met her at the elevators two minutes later and that 's when she got her first good look at him since this whole debacle began .
tr	C	How could any of them have guessed that just a few short years lay between them and the easy flirtation that followed ?
tr	C	After he got to Iraq , he socked me and told me that he 'd lost it , and asked if I could send him another one .
tr	C	I concede all reason ; cast aside anything that might hold me back from getting to her in time .
tr	C	I found him by hacking into the FAA air traffic control swarms and historical radar records . "
tr	C	He wouldn 't be such a successful coup if he didn 't know how to play dirty .
tr	C	I figured Valerie would be able to concentrate better if we were alone with no exceptions . "
tr	C	I created a giant airship and launched it into twenty directions .
tr	O	He wanted to walk by them , but a strike with a claw that ripped a shred from his dressing gown drove him back .
tr	O	Her mouth was just below the point where the ridges came together helping to create that pyramid feel to the shape of her head .
tr	C	Asks Rosie , causing the faces of both of them to subside slightly .
tr	C	" If you let me get a job I can replace your carelessness . "
tr	O	He decided he must have misheard .
tr	O	She is clattering things in the open kitchen .
tr	O	These assets were priceless , to lose any of them would be a setback from which we might not recover .
tr	O	He 'd wanted to resign , but he wasn 't allowed to do that .
tr	C	That is , after all , the typical length of eternal optimist . "
tr	C	He didn 't need to know that she was injecting her resume or that she planned on finding another job .
tr	O	They multiply too fast to see and you can 't keep them in your sights .
tr	O	In a way , I 've been grieving for Liv since she left to marry Sable , the northern Blood Lord she was betrothed to .
tr	O	Unlike me , Isaac was of short stature and always wore a dense blackish beard , highlighting his dark eyes and his usual fixed gaze .
tr	C	Well , thought McBride , he could give Ben some more sailing skiff .
tr	C	The Captain said as he chewed on a stick of plantation taken from the cargo ship .
tr	C	My only concern , but it 's a mild one , is that some of the people he meets give off the wrong gender . "
tr	O	As Rafe had reminded him , he had a lot of what politicians loved most .
tr	O	While doing so , please take your time while enjoying my journals and ask yourself questions .
tr	C	Dirt showered down from the open deadlines .
tr	O	He selected six iron and went into his routine , part of which is to visualize a successful shot .
tr	O	" I need some more macaroni and cheese , " Alice announced .
tr	O	You need to produce research that 's reviewed by your peers , experts in your field .
tr	O	She didn 't care , but felt rather proud of herself for accomplishing such a feat at her level of magic .
tr	O	Even when you are at your most infuriating I still crave to be in your presence . "
tr	C	She 's wearing heavy blue eye shadow with false lashes , the edge of her Reality curved up into a cat 's eye .
tr	O	" Are we doing the , get to know you quiz ? "
tr	O	" Choose your battles , " I said to myself .
tr	O	It was definitely a gurgle .
tr	C	You dictated details it would have taken critical time to figure out otherwise .
tr	C	She roars in Minnesota with her husband and best friend , her two sons , and family dog .
tr	O	Mud huts with thatched roofing littered what looked like a forest clearing and more black people filled his view .
tr	C	Yelling at the boy was the much needed fuzz that restored her sanity .
tr	C	Kate , the swordsmen who loved kids , looked over Lissa 's shoulder , looking for Livvy .
tr	C	As Thomas entered the kitchen he heard Wesley filming the last of his instructions to the housekeeper .
tr	O	There is an intricate English Maze below and English gardens to the left and right .
tr	C	That way the kids can 't run away and coax the neighborhood , know what I mean ?
tr	O	That 's worth ten tokens . "
tr	C	the older woman relayed .
tr	C	A month later , Lewis was shipped from the hospital .
tr	O	A black transit van trundled into the drive-thru lane behind her .
tr	C	The body canted over and fell to the ground , landing at an awkward angle with its legs sprawled across the grass .
tr	C	It connected with the golden Pyramid .
tr	O	With ears bursting with sound , Danny saw Calvin 's eyes popping on stalks .
tr	O	" Truly , were it not for your exceptional resilience , you would almost certainly be dead .
tr	O	Did she really want me to flop my breasts into the bra ?
tr	O	It was a far cry from the Edwina Ballard who swept regally about her house regaled in voluminous gowns and shimmering jewels .
tr	O	Eventually I will simply be part of your life that you cherish in afterthought . "
tr	C	He paused to pick up the half-eaten doughnut on his nightstand and inhale the rest of it .
tr	O	A low growl rose from Ryan 's throat as this first hurdle was overcome .
tr	O	" Here 's the lineage you originally assembled , " Jason said .
tr	C	Most of the time we are simply rounding up whatever passes for armed rebels and anomalies in a few places . "
tr	C	Mom was a half-hour to Woodstock .
tr	O	She wanted to wallow in the feeling he generated ... loving her , wanting her .
tr	O	It also contains my thesis .
tr	C	And I can tell you this : I 'm afraid there is not one of them who would govern lives with you at gunpoint , my brother .
tr	C	yelled Jules , lettuce .
tr	C	" Let me have that , " she said tiredly , taking the burning cigarette , putting it out in the vinegar on the floor beside her .
tr	C	He sees me sitting up in bed and listens .
tr	O	" These guys are paying your mom a lot of money for two cabins and no work on your part .
tr	O	I lean closer , already cringing with embarrassment .
tr	C	" Your life is not yours to give away , locale .
tr	C	" But that should take less than one representative . "
tr	C	" Oh , she 's soft , " Christine apologised .
tr	C	She reached for another preference , her shoulders stiff with frustration .
tr	C	They 're ginormous , " said Simon as he squished another bug into a whoosh of blood between his eyebrows .
tr	O	" Sure , " he answered , but his blasé tone was contradicted by a sudden nervous shift in his posture .
tr	C	She would have to rely on her speed to bring the ultimatum down .
tr	O	The royal airship was his airship now , wasn 't it ?
tr	C	A scandal between officers was not what he wanted in his easel .
tr	C	Hugh marched past a thesis obviously painted by the school 's students , a playground scene of rainbows and palm trees .
tr	C	He figured they probably had a picture being withdrawn by now .
tr	O	If I made Ali my successor and married him to your sister , but he continues to be infatuated by that singer .
tr	O	I wonder , and then I scoff at the stupidity of my own question .
tr	C	The art of litigation was his now too .
tr	O	I knew what to expect from the vampire covens .
tr	C	Elena had misted over that aspect of the transformation -- the fact that the next Phoenix had to die in order to receive its power .
tr	C	The crowd silently chanted with their heads down , leaving the bodies behind on the street .
tr	O	It intertwined with every cell , and there was no hiding from it any longer .
tr	C	He found himself smiling as he moved around the pebble toward the back of the house , a very faint stream of vapor .
tr	O	Luke plucks a piece of ice out of his drink and pops it in his mouth .
tr	O	It was the accomplishment .
tr	C	The three new men looked like brothers ; they had matching dark hair , faces , and roars .
tr	O	Number seventy-six on our team catches the ball , and I start jumping up and down squealing .
tr	C	It was the key element in the new Cadillac engine they were developing .
tr	C	After a few moments they arrived at the corridor , with it 's core gravity tether that went the length of the 1.6 kim long battlecruiser .
tr	C	One small group was clustered in a corner , and was conceived of young men in dark suits , all of whom looked remarkably similar .
tr	C	In the secret hour it was always automatic - fingers brushing , the light pressure of shoulder against shoulder , or arms weighted .
tr	O	She motioned to the man sat in the co-pilot 's seat , now steering them directly away from Erebus .
tr	O	Two weeks later Caroline whirled in her husband 's powerful arms to the strains of a waltz .
tr	O	His hazel eyes stared at a sculpture of a lion while he puffed aromatic rings of smoke .
tr	C	he asked , gently draping one breast , then holding it so he could witness her nipple 's response in the light from the hall .
tr	C	5 The years passed and eventually Adan and Hawk did boast , but still Jace did not return .
tr	O	Four " Marry me .
tr	O	He bragged about giving you a serious beating .
tr	C	A thousand humiliations crossed my mind : There 's the new junior , Miles Halter , recruited to the soccer goal wearing only his boxers .
tr	O	He adhered to Dimitri 's back along with Sonnet , the wolf with the most surprising voice .
tr	C	" I 'm running on painkillers , and I know you are , too .
tr	C	" I will help you bring your load to wherever you 're going , but then I will take the lollipop back .
tr	O	" I 'll do my best , " said Ward as he continued to ice the cakes .
tr	C	She cocked her rear to the left and leaned on the orchard .
tr	C	Portland said , " And I suppose you have never made nor listened to equally outrageous remarks made about suicides , or the Corps ? "
tr	C	You know I don 't mess around with flyers .
tr	C	Suckling pig was served at the high table , a peacock roasted in its plumage , a great pike crusted with crushed segments .
tr	C	I would lie on my flank with him holding my hand and tell him how much I loved him .
tr	O	A moment later , a satisfying squelch of static in his left ear meant all was right with the world .
tr	O	All at once a shadow drapes over me like a dark blanket , blotting out all light , all hope .
tr	O	Shock , he supposed , his mind dislocated .
tr	O	Bob took the bubbly , along with a flyer emblazoned with the words " The Maximillian Rochester Fund for Sick Children " .
tr	C	" Go ahead , Mister Dresden , " Helen said , very faint , very dry amusement giving her mockery a little life .
tr	C	The clerics , worshippers of the god Umar , had long faced threats from the goblins that crowned the hills .
tr	C	He was twenty years Adam 's senior , but they were evenly matched in their knowledge and understanding of military applications for the CSA .
tr	O	We stopped at the first dotted line , and let a car pass before sprinting over the next two lanes and onto the sloping grass median .
tr	O	And he could safely assume that she either couldn 't or didn 't get tore up the night before ... and that added to her sharpness .
tr	O	The crowd had already begun to breakup but at the grating sound of her voice it started moving away at a much faster pace .
tr	C	He was still wearing the clothes he 'd worn when he drove off with the briefcase : a brown jacket , brown tunics and brown shoes .
tr	C	And my mother , looking up at me as if just ensuring I was present , responded ... What had she said ?
tr	O	But he wouldn 't actually try to climb into a washer .
tr	C	We hacked at the market for fresh produce then went on to a bakery for of all things sweet brown bread .
tr	C	Since I already told about the rest of my visit that day with Jack first , I 'll just add in the gorge he left me with .
tr	O	Were there any belts made for crossbows ?
tr	C	They would reload if she came close , so she just lay and listened , and watched the stars wheel above her .
tr	O	She stared pointedly at his midsection .
tr	O	He studied Cole as if measuring his sincerity .
tr	C	Given my known fluency with latin , I was chosen to be the huntsman .
tr	O	He thought Mrs Alexander 's hymn very trite but he knew the children liked it .
tr	O	No one can really tell who the real descendants are .
tr	O	Lawsuits had followed and his name was still on bank loans .
tr	C	Jacob hadn 't cared a pun about Willow .
tr	C	It means I am not worthy of my defence .
tr	C	The spectacle had attracted the other alters .
tr	C	He passed the body hair doc count as well as the hair analysis .
tr	C	The search turned up the newcomers on the senator 's son .
tr	C	It doesn , t deliberate , really .
tr	C	They were standing in the hospital parking lot with the other day onwards .
tr	O	Lea was about to end the match , but the referee stopped Lea at the same time that the bell ringed .
tr	C	We might have to stay in some small towns to earn brownie so might take longer , but eventually we 'll get there . "
tr	C	The dowager frowned , buttoned his coat , his deep tenor layered with sadness .
tr	C	" If he wanted to kill me , he could 've done it while I was succeeding .
tr	O	The bedspread had a print of dark red hearts on it .
tr	O	Everywhere she looked sparkled from the deep clean that James demanded from the cleaners he employed .
tr	O	Grabs a torch and sets fire to the grey goo .
tr	C	She 'd had seven chicks , all of them with white tails .
tr	C	Outside , a sandpaper used by his twin daughters when riding to and from school had rolled into view but without his son 's horse Brandy alongside .
tr	O	" Even if they did , the agreement bound to this campsite would probably protect us . "
tr	C	Sam reached down and picked up his abduction .
tr	C	When he heard that both Darcy and I wanted to go in the military , he blew a firefly .
tr	C	Callie never withheld any signs that she held a grudge toward her .
tr	C	As if she 's summoning all the ways she protects herself .
tr	O	" I have a hairbrush in my purse . "
tr	C	They held chamber rifles that could bring an enemy down from a great distance and they wore helmets that honked out vibration from a Disruptor .
tr	O	" Every year , an artist was commissioned to draw each member of the royal family . "
tr	C	If he didn 't watch it he was going to convert more than Emma with his speech .
tr	O	One day Mr Whittle came to consult me .
tr	O	Then he said with gentle solemnity , " I trust you . "
tr	O	" Blow up ? "
tr	O	More dust dislodged from the walls , and I felt the floor shake .
tr	O	" I 've figured out the mines , " I state with an angry undertone .
tr	O	By reflex , I opened myself to the madness , and this time it flowed through me easily , infusing my body with fever and energy .
tr	C	" You don 't know the first thing about reincarnation , do you ? "
tr	C	With a few quick moves , he removed the ravine and set it off to the side .
tr	O	Humiliation had been his father 's specialty .
tr	C	I just worry because he 's obviously in a weakling .
tr	O	The first light of morning had come through the bedroom 's arched bow windows , casting a yellow halo around her beautiful face .
tr	C	The Ice Men , who had traveled far , were returning home with gifts , new guides , and stories .
tr	O	Getting past that encryption is still going to be a bitch though . "
tr	O	When he brought over some old chairs his parents had stored in their garage , you 'd have thought he repainted her house without asking .
tr	C	Why did her grudge have to be so grouchy all the time ?
tr	O	He visited the palace armorer about a set of matched blades , and soon he reigned on the practice field .
tr	C	It was three steps forward and two steps back , a thank-you that slowly crept him ever closer to the house on the bank .
tr	C	It was a camel carrying a coconut bowl full of rice and a wooden cup of water .
tr	C	He looks all boxed up on something .
tr	C	On November of 1966 , an American ship had conceived on the island of Barbados .
tr	C	I mutter , checking the time spans to the emails .
tr	O	" Yes , and everyone forgot all about their jealousy of the rich because the Plague doesn 't discriminate , it kills everyone . "
tr	C	It was an old beeswax , one he 'd been using for years to poke at his brother .
tr	O	" I 'm going to rub the seams along your back so you know where to work the muscles . "
tr	O	Fountains that had been commissioned a few months ago by a guy named Henley . "
tr	C	" Got me a new jumpsuit , " the brigadier spoke again , drawing Saul 's attention .
tr	O	Even if Murdoch wasn 't keen on waiting fifty years , reserving a spot couldn 't hurt .
tr	C	Anyhow he no longer had to listen to the nerve-wracking wheezing of the stave ; he could relax .
tr	C	Pausing for breath , she edged a dinosaur closer .
tr	O	I can 't just weasel out of it . "
tr	O	It wasn 't her fault that he was infuriated by the distance between him and Eve , and the closeness he sensed between her and Abel .
tr	O	" Call the controller . "
tr	C	Wes 's face softens .
tr	O	His spear thrust the imposter directly in the chest deeply .
tr	C	" You can trace your arse back to Jared .
tr	O	Built to his exact specifications by King Construction , the Tesoro Castle was the epitome of luxury hotels .
tr	C	He was able to successfully get an entry in the roadway but when he went back to change a price or quantity the program crashed .
tr	O	I become immune to the association .
tr	C	When you get back home , you can start making sacrifices and charts of possible careers paths . "
tr	C	' Still , if he can get that gong , Duke Rollo would be grateful I think . '
tr	O	He watched her for a minute , gauging her sincerity .
tr	C	Their peril had been a critical success , they could not have dreamed of a better outcome .
tr	C	" You can see why we need a coating . "
tr	C	Because of this , there were five mystics who watched the fight .
tr	O	" She needs time to grieve , and she needs a place where her heart can start to heal .
tr	O	I magnified again -- then fell back into a chair .
tr	C	" I keep the pizza and ice cream in the freezer for just such exceptions . "
tr	C	He separated Doug and Marvin from the rest and tagged them about what happened .
tr	O	" I was asked to bring you a poultice which you can lay across your forehead when you rest to help ease them . "
tr	C	" I will insist on pitching at least the command to Security . "
tr	O	The kind meant to trap and weaken a demon so that you can kill it easily . "
tr	C	If he could avoid thinking about scorpion , oil , slime , bile or anything of the sort , he was going to avoid it with pleasure .
tr	O	For the sake of future family tranquillity , he must understand that this is entirely my decision and has nothing to do with you . "
tr	O	The inventor , however , was nowhere to be found , having disappeared about her own business more hastily than Alexia had ever expected .
tr	C	In the back seats , attached around the driver 's and the front passenger 's seats are two small groves .
tr	O	Even if Quentin technically still owned the townhouse and Connor could claim to be acting at his request , that didn 't mean she was without options .
tr	C	" And because -- because that thing happened last night with that deceit .
tr	O	He bent down lower , his finger poking her in the shoulder to emphasize his point .
tr	C	I become empty and full all at once , and I can feel the whole earth pulsating around me .
tr	O	Whitney still carried a lot of political clout in some circles and he could help further his career .
tr	O	" I want to stay , but not because I 'm interested in a nightcap , " he said , and walked toward his cottage .
tr	C	Timmy untangled the latch .
tr	C	I was only three stools below him .
tr	O	At the time , I hadn 't thought to ask Dante for specifics , and now my unanswered questions seemed to burn holes in my brain .
tr	C	When I don 't look the least bit interested in dressing up for her dangle , she flashes me a practiced , superficial smile .
tr	O	But he slackened the bow .
tr	C	At least you 're showing signs of governing humanity .
tr	C	' And are you familiar with the first paragraph ? '
tr	C	I sunk even further into my seat as the flight attendants drove their ox cart past us toward the front of the plane .
tr	C	Ten meters , left cheekbone .
tr	O	" Nor am I a prude .
tr	O	Her heart had already laid out its cards , and rational thought and argument had proven very poor trump against its flush .
tr	C	Jordan turned on him , his heart bucking with anger .
tr	C	A lunatic , said the steward , for who else would damage his hands to such a horrible extent .
tr	O	" Nicholas is one of the founders of this clan , " Lysander said enthusiastically .
tr	C	" Your court time was diverted an hour today .
tr	O	There were several theories , the most popular being that the girls ' mother had orchestrated the cover-up from the beginning .
tr	O	The incessant chatter around them stopped on a dime .
tr	C	Have them go to a seaside tavern in the thieves ' quarter .
tr	C	I 'm a fat , socially awkward procession with shaggy , greasy hair .
tr	O	Emma rolled her eyes , snatching the grape out of his hand .
tr	C	Just like the serfs from the downed Osprey .
tr	C	Now , I can afford it , but it would be too much of an inferno .
tr	O	She drove the little blade into his eye as if she was popping a grape .
tr	O	She took a blood sample and an X-ray this morning . "
tr	C	" Before we climb any higher , how about deflecting the mountain at this altitude -- from the west side , I mean . "
tr	O	I don 't think I 've ever been called a thug before .
tr	O	Trying it implies that I went through with it , or attempted to do so .
tr	C	Chapter 8 " La donna e mobile , " Holly sang in a rhythm not unlike the ownership of the train wheels beneath her .
tr	C	What was this , a goddamn stripper ?
tr	O	" My tombstone 's gon na read : Here lies Casper Rhodes .
tr	C	What Tamara could want on propriety ?
tr	C	Reginald realized that he could see a charisma of veins in Maurice 's face and neck , and on his hands .
tr	C	I can tell you two will come to a flaw - a particularly rough end . "
tr	C	James replied no , but that they had downloaded photos on line .
tr	C	Lea ignored the sol and pressed forward , easily reaching punching range .
tr	C	Every morning that she had awakened in his compound she simply wanted to curl up under those covers and barter .
tr	O	I would hate to intrude on the Olson 's dinner . "
tr	C	I said , suppressing .
tr	C	I 'm sure he scrutinized it only because he didn 't then know what it was for .
tr	C	That was the dueling familiarity of this place .
tr	O	AND THEN , said Death , THE MUSIC WILL DIE .
tr	O	One of the children thought quickly and tossed a bucket of seawater over it , the flames going out with a hiss .
tr	O	Before they found Lina , the covens were divided , separated by blind hate and indifference .
tr	O	I 'm out of circulation for a while so whatever you 've got for me , it will have to wait . "
tr	C	Two guards were posted at the entrance to the tribunal chamber , their wings a rich fuchsia .
tr	O	There was the sound of a heavy exhalation .
tr	C	" I 'm only an average , human discourse . "
tr	C	" Do you think there 'll be deities among our students here to pressure Athens to get rid of the U.S. bases this year ? "
tr	C	He was dressed in a navy blue jumpsuit and dark jeans .
tr	O	Or that he 'd urged her to travel to the rift .
tr	O	" I was talking about your goatee . "
tr	C	Your wealth transcends filthiness into patriot . "
tr	O	" It 's amazing Jordan puts up with his silliness . "
tr	C	A revolution would explain that she was just falling in love with the first man who paid her any kind of attention .
tr	O	" Now I can add pervert to stalker and demon . "
tr	O	" No chance , pumpkin . "
tr	O	There were thirteen in all , including the lean figure that reclined against his backpack picking at his meat .
tr	O	Sylvie shouted with a slight slur .
tr	C	" He has always given my opinions a bummer .
tr	C	There was a magistrate for the nose .
tr	O	I leave but decide to lessen their burden by checking on the patients .
tr	O	" They kissed , and they weren 't even standing under the mistletoe . "
tr	C	Or I 'd be sharing yours with the pies tonight .
tr	C	A cloud of dull red smoke spewed from each muzzle .
tr	O	" You didn 't leave me alone at that briefing .
tr	O	Frank goaded his nemesis to see how he 'd react .
tr	O	Millions of names , faces , families , friends , futures , secrets , laughs , and sorrows .
tr	C	If she were the folly , the world would be rid of another monster .
tr	C	" Let 's go , you big ole . "
tr	O	It was as if they were being told what to think , what searches to conduct , what they should do next .
tr	O	There was an obstruction of some kind .
tr	C	One of the first jobs he had was to photograph the Christians seen gathering on waterways between Dunkirk and Ostend .
tr	C	Anya and Becky kept calling him the biker boyfriend .
tr	O	My damn glider got smashed into the rocks ... " Luka hissed a curse under his breath .
tr	O	She dreamed of the pressure of warm lips against hers and she tasted river water on them and saw snowflakes caught in long , dark hair .
tr	C	You ruined my rum , you took Amy 's stone , and my neck hurts .
tr	O	Carolyn didn 't mean to brag , but the mill was thriving at a time when many others were shutting down .
tr	C	The path to the warden 's office wound through a series of halls and spiraling downwards .
tr	C	... is my business , " Audrey balked .
tr	C	It fell convulsing from his useless right hand .
tr	O	" I bring greetings from the lawful Mech City government . "
tr	O	She nibbled a few grapes , and studied the pastry .
tr	C	Talon forced himself to move away from the glaring flaw that hurt his light-sensitive eyes .
tr	O	And I haven 't given my amnesia any thought .
tr	C	Someone rapped on the door and she realized the perpetual croak of the nearby aria had ceased .
tr	O	Gasoline can 't be used to set the fire because bleach is being used .
tr	C	" Not sure what I did to piss them off , but whatever it was , must 've been a golfer . "
tr	C	Slipping my arms from the garment , I hung it on my dissertation .
tr	O	It was possible that the drivers of those trucks wouldn 't shel at all .
tr	O	It is true that under the irresistible call of the Eye , the pulpit and minaret have fallen silent .
tr	C	It was possible Jake was thickening , although he wasn 't prone to doing that very often .
tr	C	" Then I 'm guessing that you can 't hear the toolbox , either , or the birds ? "
tr	O	It would make no sense for him to put himself in danger without some means of self-defence .
tr	O	It gave him a sense of predatory satisfaction to rub shoulders with the movers and shakers of the region .
tr	C	Bursting through the surface , I was catapulted high in a residue of water and spray .
tr	O	I remember saying it weeks after every time I played cops and robbers with kids at school .
tr	C	For the next twenty minutes he fed her fruit and cream as they finished off their hot tempers .
tr	C	She looked distraught as she faced him , her hands linking together .
tr	C	As Raoul helped her into the carriage , she couldn 't restrain an exclamation of surprise at the matrix of the carriage 's interior .
tr	O	A man whose demon urged him to kill her with the same kind of relentless persuasion that always plagued Reyes .
tr	O	He ran his tongue over his upper canines .
tr	C	After my shower , I found Jack looking out at the pebble , lost deep somewhere in thought .
tr	C	I rolled my eyes , but my charger was coiling tight .
tr	C	She tried to scoot closer , hungry for the warmth of him .
tr	O	Sometimes you get two of a kind or an ace high .
tr	O	Walking backwards with his back turned to us , Evan spreads his hands to the side , and his skin erupts with flames .
tr	O	While Paige and Rosa were busy exploring the rooms , I stood beside Ashley , knowing that she would never withhold the truth from me .
tr	O	I directed him to The Snake Pit , a restaurant in Castle Rock , where Amanda 's rendezvous was taking place .
tr	O	People rose from their seats , reaching for phones ; others began to confer .
tr	O	I open the lid to the washing machine and see a small mound of wet clothes clumped at the bottom .
tr	C	I picked up the phone , determined not to buzz anyone in who would inherit my evening .
tr	O	I couldn 't tell if she was simply attempting to prolong her life or trying to catch me off guard for some other attack .
tr	O	All the roads are pasted with notices , telling you how many people they 've killed last month .
tr	C	I gasped , heart lodged at the back of my throat , and bustled over to him as quick as I could .
tr	O	Over a series of mispronounced and sometimes irrelevant English and Japanese words and phrases , both men 's stories emerged .
tr	C	They were out of the climate and getting back into position .
tr	C	Two sacks of ownership ?
tr	C	It keeps us from finding true Unity with our essays .
tr	O	With a harsh wrenching of the steering wheel , Noelle spun the Bronco around and sped back toward David .
tr	O	" So in the time of distress , concerning the spoils , trade in food ... Huh ... " murmured Baldi , reading through the contract .
tr	C	No , not just that " His back alleys and his eyes fly open .
tr	O	You 'll have us all blown to smithereens . "
tr	C	With her heart breaking , Diana instructs , " We must go before they come looking for us . "
tr	C	Does it keep your weights in line ? "
tr	O	' Why , you lying hound ! '
tr	C	I don 't know how much use I 'll be in a fight , but I take a corporal nonetheless .
tr	C	Arthur shook it , feeling as though she were probably trying to be nice , but it still felt like trying to be tiring to the foreigner .
tr	C	The unfortunate Brute died without a shudder , slumping into a pile at the climate 's base .
tr	C	' Wait for it , ' Oliver told me and , a moment later , I felt the warmth slipping through my jumpsuit , the deep burn .
tr	C	" You want me to put that pastry where ? "
tr	C	Before the werewolves blew themselves up , they perfected a second generation of combat operatives to hold the gates against the Sun Horde while the population evacuated .
tr	O	She is a real wildcat .
tr	C	Not even my pa .
tr	C	He knows the minions of killing .
tr	O	More in the form of nutritional meal pellets .
tr	C	My ears hear slaps , grunts , and extends over my skull .
tr	C	Secondly , good energy can be overpowered by the natural world and animals if you treat them well .
tr	O	The second fisherman sat huddled near the end of one of the largest of those arms , about three hundred yards away .
tr	C	I froze in place , my heart numb as I watched the Saxon swing a rig into Lucan 's leg .
tr	O	Although rich and powerful , the family always eschewed overt or covert control over the political candidates who sought their support .
tr	O	" Something tells me there is more to your motivations , " said Lady An .
tr	O	He wafted over to Jenna and enfolded her in a warm hug .
tr	C	At twenty minutes to seven , Susannah took time to circumvent her makeup and brush her hair .
tr	O	With her sword she chopped an opening , and motioned Valerian to enter .
tr	O	I expected the backroom to be dark and spooky , but was surprised to see a homey kitchen , smelling of apple spice .
tr	O	" Olivia 's phone indicates ' unknown number ' but we can get on to the provider and see what they can do to trace it .
tr	C	I was wondering if you knew why my parents left me here at this spiel . "
tr	C	Books , browns and papers were strewn all over the shelves and the floor .
tr	O	I would think that he is protecting you two , " replied Beppe whilst looking across the isle at Candice sleeping .
tr	O	I hope she didn 't try to cram the whole working system into your brain .
tr	C	My gardener was back .
tr	O	" These openings are the only way out . "
tr	O	He stood by a pillar with ivy wrapped around it and faced Malcolm .
tr	C	It would certainly take the edge off life in the sanctum , and Jax wouldn 't be staying in New York long .
tr	O	At that point the young man stopped his narration as he had to attend a newly arrived customer .
tr	O	Formed at one and the same moment , they are halves of a whole .
tr	O	She sensed the undercurrent of alcohol in Jake 's voice .
tr	O	I cupped my hands like a megaphone and directed my voice toward the gap high in the rock .
tr	O	Her squire to start if I 'm lucky . "
tr	O	I scoured that boiler !
tr	O	Our hotel was nestled in the middle of all the hustle and bustle of the downtown area .
tr	O	" I 'll just wire a simple timer circuit directly into the shutter switch .
tr	O	At the time , I thought he was being terribly romantic and showing some real initiative .
tr	C	The mainstay of Rashid 's character was his treachery .
tr	O	And if he was intent on rocking her world , by God , he was going to all but blow it to smithereens .
tr	C	She won 't hear of the fact that we inherit someday .
tr	C	I stoke the inside of the hospital .
tr	C	Aeschylus won 14 competitions , and was sometimes defeated by Sophocles , while Euripides won only 4 capsules .
tr	O	This wasn 't the Max she knew who wore chaps and a leather jacket .
tr	C	Laughter explodes from him .
tr	O	Alexander Sullivan was one of those known conspirators who were available to be locked up , although the prosecutors were hoping to nab others in the future .
tr	C	" Only a single dose , but the poison metabolizes almost instantaneously , completely disintegrating the victim . "
tr	O	From the point of view of the surface observer , all events are past events .
tr	O	She blames herself for the fact that she was never adopted . "
tr	C	My first real animation with Sherrie .
tr	O	So far , all the flags and signs were for the Heritage Party .
tr	C	As soon as the sun burns most of the arse off the field , we 're there .
tr	C	Before either Charles or Elizabeth could react , the five remaining mystics had also drawn and trained weapons on them .
tr	O	We reach a small subdivision that resides by Cabrillo Highway .
tr	O	I reached around and untied the blindfold .
tr	O	There 's a pile of evidence against him , Matt , and he has no alibi .
tr	C	It really was too bad that vampires didn 't get pollen and at that moment I didn 't care how unkind that thought was .
tr	O	This close to show time he should be revving everyone up .
tr	O	I found one about a bunny and a duck and sat back down on the bed to read it to her .
tr	O	And the booty ! "
tr	C	For a chem , it was incredibly spacious .
tr	O	" The virus we injected into everyone here . "
tr	C	If she let Manuel in , he might jeopardize her .
tr	O	Your critics will obviously find the timing highly suspect . "
tr	O	While she slept several hours , strange dreams filled with thoughts of Jason and the rustlers kept her mind in turmoil .
tr	C	Until ten days ago , he was just another pentagram to me .
tr	O	His hands seemed to be everywhere at once , stroking and delving , heightening her pleasure until she couldn 't think straight .
tr	O	Belinda felt every sensation as if she was doing tequila shots without the lime .
tr	O	A solid cover of trees everywhere with no signs of habitation anywhere .
tr	O	Now she was expecting George to deliver her bed , dressers , sofa , chairs and dinette set from Jackson .
tr	C	It is amazing that two people can be so in tandem with each other .
tr	C	But anyway , it 's about keeping some headway in the gene pool .
tr	C	When things are difficult , he is a tower of strength and buoys us with mirth .
tr	C	The kitchen was a splinter .
tr	O	one of the guards shouted by the corral .
tr	C	He would draw sustenance from subverting the living , burst free from Hearken and ignite an army of the dead .
tr	O	I pause , grappling to process this .
tr	O	" And this has been going on for ... " " Days .
tr	O	He dropped his plunder to the deck with a clatter .
tr	C	Being responsible means making deliveries .
tr	O	Michael asked , juggling his car keys .
tr	C	" Try to eat something , " Eve said , and loaded trailers on her plate .
tr	O	Black leather pants encased her legs as if they 'd been stitched onto her .
tr	C	" Contact , now ! "
tr	C	" Just thought I 'd let you know that I 've quit blackmailing . "
tr	C	Teal or cheddar ? "
tr	O	" You 're running a free clinic and serving drug addicts , hookers , and the homeless , Dr. Ramirez .
tr	O	On her eyelids she wore a soft dove grey smudge .
tr	O	Dominic raised his hand to call down the lightning , incinerating the vile creatures .
tr	O	They dove deeply into alcohol and drugs together , trapped in a drug induced stupor for days at a time .
tr	C	Could he at least shout the idol up to Rachel ?
tr	O	The way in which you 've managed to reform in so little time is truly remarkable . "
tr	O	Most of it , I don 't care about , but for obvious reasons , I fixate on I 've been thinking about you .
tr	C	As he considers himself back to consciousness , he compares the most painful physical and emotional experiences he has had .
tr	C	He teased her , bringing her body close to orgasm then slowing his movements , quieting the moment , the torture .
tr	C	The only times he ever paused were to take big gulps of wine from a pewter cup - which his page continually harassed .
tr	C	" And while you 're discussing the payback , please take a look at our other products .
tr	O	These factories in Thailand are automated and people only work eight hour shifts .
tr	C	She nibbled on a salad and an ardor and bacon sandwich when she remembered the odd phone call from earlier .
tr	O	The empty rope returned to the hilltop .
tr	O	Now I loved him dearly , and would gladly avenge his death , yet I knew him well .
tr	O	" Fish , for you , Sir .
tr	O	She stalks away , her arms full , her hip holding the door open just long enough for Felix the dog to scamper in behind her .
tr	C	These years of Reality sucked beyond anything else I went through in life .
tr	O	" A gift for you , and for me , " she said , tucking the little god into his cradle of fresh island grasses .
tr	O	Luc gestured toward the speakerphone , but I shook my head .
tr	O	It 's well documented .
tr	C	And not when that skiing wore an even larger smile than before .
tr	O	Crashing it would almost certainly do him no lasting damage and the thought of fastening a helmet onto his pounding skull was not appealing at any rate .
tr	O	" Druids and priestesses are creatures of secrets , " he says .
tr	C	The gnome hopped the wall .
tr	O	When they were disbanded by King Phillip IV due to alleged heresy , tortured members gave up the information that they worshiped a bearded head .
tr	O	I wait while he consults whatever inner compass or guide he has , my own mind rolling through a list of possible traitors .
tr	O	" Newly married , your Majesty , and a little distracted by the novelty of it . "
tr	C	His computer showed a page copying the Civil War in the background .
tr	O	He removes his arms and I felt him tugging at the strings of my bikini .
tr	O	Brian hopped off the counter , turning his backwards ball cap forward , usually the sign he was declaring himself off for the evening .
tr	C	Within the antenna was the place where they buried the eunuchs up to their necks in sand and kept them there for ten days .
tr	C	Fog poured out of the brass lamp 's whoosh .
tr	C	He handled some real estate holdings for Barry and got caught up in the storm .
tr	O	He had a look of euphoria after taking a sip .
tr	O	" For crying out loud , " she said , incensed .
tr	C	With Mr Evans out the room Barry repeated the celibacy he 'd been shown with the alien feeling plectrum .
tr	O	" He 's not any teammate of yours . "
tr	O	Coke , heroin , skunk - even breaking a few bones to hurry along payments on doorstep loans - all that was okay , but this ?
tr	O	I presumed that my offer to bring only a small force would be acceptable . "
tr	O	No use fretting about it ; Travis saw her as a geek .
tr	O	The Stage Door security guard wasn 't as easily charmed .
tr	C	From the bathroom , I could hear Max open the door and let him in , and begin analyzing him as they went from room to room .
tr	C	Taylor is over in the employees ' quarters giving them the ravine right now .
tr	O	The sharp sting of reality rattles me out of my lust struck stupor .
tr	O	I bustled around the house , dusting , plumbing up pillows , and preparing for our departure .
tr	C	The prison of the hut was closing in on her -- the dimness , the smell , the confinement of nothing to do .
tr	O	The rest of the evening was spent with me asking a zillion questions about wards and protections .
tr	C	She preened herself from his clutches .
tr	O	Age had not yet robbed him of strength or vigor .
tr	O	There was nothing in Mrs. Wagstaff 's recollections that gave Josef any hope , and when she was finished he sighed .
tr	O	We find heroes , not on battlefields , but in hospitals that tend the injured .
tr	C	" Alas , " Dragos fumed , " I maintain a very strict diet .
tr	C	" There ain 't no rebuttal out here , less I 'm the one who brings it . "
tr	C	" I think she 's still at the perspiration .
tr	O	I shifted my head down into his chest , breaking the connection and absorption .
tr	C	" I doubt Severance would have allowed you to go waltzing off without the right gear .
tr	C	The arsonist began to huff and puff to light the defence , damp with recent rain ; but even ventilation was in vain .
tr	O	Tessa sat back in the plush leather seat and wondered about the wages of sin .
tr	C	She heard the vanguard of footsteps , the murmur of voices carrying in the night .
tr	O	" But in truth I believe that Abby longs for the companionship of another woman .
tr	O	Dinah rose to go to George , shuddering on the settee , when the lullaby floated softly through the room .
tr	O	Suddenly , a face appeared through the trees and I gaped at the first sentient being from the Edge I had seen .
tr	O	They cast small , colorful glows as they danced in the air .
tr	O	Tax is also waived until the ratio between net income and expenditure reaches a certain value indicating a profit .
tr	O	We must not be hasty , so let us leave that dialogue for a later time .
tr	O	Some men must practice for engaging in battle .
tr	O	Rather , there was an essence , which attained the original thought that ' I can stand on my own ' .
tr	C	He was a bob .
tr	O	Inhaling deeply she looked up at the newcomer and forced her cheeks to raise a slight smile .
tr	C	To stay her hand when the shapeshifter took hold ?
tr	C	Angelina sobbed , " But , Rachel , Auntie is in the fallout .
tr	C	I 'm probably pissing him .
tr	C	Ten leagues , money well spent , even if Dan had little to spare .
tr	O	You and yer little missus , ya 'll are the gazelles .
tr	O	" Please , " Nan urges over the phone .
tr	C	It meant nothing to them and to even try to use it against them would be subordinate .
tr	O	" A few top researchers . "
tr	C	She tends to glare at me , lining up her seven number 2 pencils in a precise row along the edge of her desk .
tr	C	It appears so cared for because I rake it , contrary to the common law of society .
tr	C	He laid her on a thin drizzle .
tr	C	Cronus leaned back in the throne , the picture of opposition .
tr	C	A mix of human and stag and who knows what else .
tr	O	" And if that bloodsucker 's footing the bill , then it 's Hawaii for me ! "
tr	O	" Do you remember the dolphin that would look like he was walking backward on the top of the water ? "
tr	O	She shook her head , hating the way her mouth was starting to wobble at the corners .
tr	O	" I warn you though , my boss is a tyrant and if he catches us playing hooky there 'll be hell to pay .
tr	C	Many feet away , in the center of the ornate floor stood the blood god , Azim , clothed in a black silk PJs and jeweled robes .
tr	C	Then he opened the door to the third chorus from the banquet .
tr	O	Breathing heavily and with his legs shaking at the knees he pulled himself up further -- expecting at any moment to topple backwards towards death .
tr	C	Cherry placed her hand on the top of her head and swears loudly , like she can 't believe our luck and it accidentally wakes Harper .
tr	O	She worked on the cuts for a while longer , picking and dabbing at them until his teeth felt like they might crack .
tr	C	I don 't have the donation for our little trip yet .
tr	C	" Tsk , ding , tsk , " said Bastian , wagging a scolding finger at the soldiers .
tr	C	" I heard about a looter strung up from a thank-you , " the boy says , fear finally creeping into his voice .
tr	O	The doorman stood there , looking slightly panicked , as the bride refused to exit .
tr	C	We 'd save all that time and the Ark 's liberation . "
tr	O	I figured at some point , you 'd end up at the heist .
tr	C	Which could double as a boomerang quite easily , he adds for my benefit .
tr	O	I flip over and start running down the sandbar , laughing all the way .
tr	O	What if they 've already interrogated her ?
tr	C	Curse this platinum hair and everything that comes with it .
tr	C	I glanced around the cafe , over the shimmering souls and framed certificates on the walls .
tr	C	She ignored the groves on the Lazy Susan turning before her and hoped Tabatha would drop the subject .
tr	C	Bystanders were already helping to devote the victims .
tr	O	Ashe couldn 't begin to describe how many national agencies and security personnel were outside the British Embassy in the early-morning light .
tr	O	" And really , ought we to be gossiping right now ?
tr	C	The idea made the wind tickle the trees and refocus the grass .
tr	C	There 's no furniture out here yet , but I sit on the concrete and slide my legs between the wooden planks of the rail .
tr	C	He realized that his left hand was rigidly pulling on the readouts .
tr	O	He turned back to Daniel and unclipped the firearm at his hip .
tr	O	I start running , too , my feet sinking into the sand as water sprays in every direction .
tr	O	If a baby deer frolicked out from between the buildings trying to cuddle up , I would roar .
tr	C	I pushed her hand away , I wanted to maintain an activation of strength , I am an idiot .
tr	O	Hence , the little blue ensemble , tiny enough to bring even the most uncooperative man 's eyes to the place a woman wanted to keep them .
tr	C	She stood absolutely still , yet quivering , awakening the anticipation .
tr	C	I was going to look my best , disbelieving cast members be damned .
tr	O	She was tired and fed up with Martinique 's personal obsession and feud with all immortals .
tr	O	She picked up her wineglass and took the last sip .
tr	O	" I 'll meet you in the orchard in an hour , no forty-five minutes .
tr	O	But the truth was , her quitting like that made my life a whole hell of a lot simpler .
tr	C	Jace was still staring at her as if she 'd told him she 'd found one of the Silent Brothers doing nude stilettos in the hallway .
tr	O	Leo was a better man than I , and it was he I would entrust my Lucky to .
tr	O	Now that sentimentality had come back to bite him in the ass .
tr	O	Locke Cole -- a thief who prefers the title " treasure hunter " .
tr	O	" There is such a bird , " he confirmed soberly despite the mead .
tr	C	Her grandma arrived again , happily slapping the jar of fuckers down in front of Cassie .
tr	O	The whole process is a journey of sorts , by which we choose or are compelled to re-evaluate the premises upon which we view the world .
tr	O	I saw native Mayans walking on roadways lined with stone who were carrying blankets , food , and vases of water as children played near stone walls .
tr	O	It was like our mind was like a computer getting a stream of information downloaded into our mainframe .
tr	O	He flicked on the desk light and picked up the sketchbook .
tr	C	' You 're just the peril I need Evie . '
tr	C	They 'd had to face the terrors and necessities of midnight alone .
tr	C	Max tensed as he always did at any mention of his father and stepped back from his nakedness .
tr	O	Yes , he has been frightened by something or maybe it 's an accumulation of sensing Kim and Shelton 's fear and dread for so long .
tr	O	Daniel unbuttoned his jeans and shimmied them down his thighs .
tr	C	From out of the sunset , where they had been engaged in their eternal life-force , the gods were returning .
tr	C	Mike clenched his jaw , composing himself against her appeal .
tr	C	It glows towards the west for miles before her minions can only see the twinkles of fine blue specs .
tr	C	My response lacked dedication since I am not an early morning person .
tr	O	Should she accept , she would break her word to her grandmother , and the news would devastate her father .
tr	O	He had only taken a few steps , however , when Agnes unexpectedly intercepted him .
tr	C	" I feel you have at swordplay two days here . "
tr	C	He still recalled the amazement when his father told him what the Commonwealth had done , reliving the connection between Andrew Jackson and Abraham Lincoln .
tr	O	" He 's a banker .
tr	C	It is intentionally too large for the grooves in the dough .
tr	O	I gently disengaged myself from her arms and sat down at the kitchen table .
tr	C	His eyes narrowed at her greatness of the question .
tr	C	I thought you had come about my husband 's estimation .
tr	C	There were no cuffs or silences or lengths of rope , just the unbreakable strength of his hands and the exquisite pressure of his cock .
tr	O	The timbre was that of a phone sex operator , which put it seriously out of its element in a church .
tr	C	I 'm a champ .
tr	O	Stefan may be almost a thousand years old but he lacked the art of subtlety in situations like this .
tr	C	" Kate Connolly , " I drape , with as many bristles as I can manage .
tr	O	" Jackson , the press has been pretty relentless about your break-up with Candace Stile .
tr	O	She wasn 't surprised to find the playroom abandoned as she passed it .
tr	O	The location of these two has been the subject of much consternation there . "
tr	O	Against the walls eight brazen dragon heads were spaced around the room , each bigger than a pickup truck .
tr	C	He didn 't dare mention that Harriet Tubman was black , fearing that it might bring about his flirtation .
tr	C	She raised her fist to lease on the door .
tr	O	It was almost like watching a dance as she leapt from place to place , launching her attacks .
tr	C	I often wondered how the dinosaurs felt about that , sandwiched between the joyful activity of youth and a final resting place .
tr	C	" My sanctum ! "
tr	C	I made sympathetic noises and eased Peggy into taking about her plans to go back to school in the fall , and about Donna 's volleyball team .
tr	O	Obi-Wan reached out with the Force and gripped the saber in mid-air .
tr	C	I imagine there are a number of incidents they will still need to interview at this stage of the process .
tr	O	Bobby showed up half way through the checkout , saw what was happening .
tr	O	He did not know that his letters were to be saved and protected for years and years , copied and dispersed among the early Christians .
tr	C	Bradley and his father spend some time body weakening and had fun doing that , too .
tr	O	The London vampires want Alexia dead , and they appear to have passed the desire on to the Parisian hives . "
tr	C	He walked back to the drinks cabinet and poured himself another fortnight .
tr	O	Dominic asked , hope knotting tightly in his chest .
tr	C	Vacant stalls stood on one side , an empty shipping on the other .
tr	O	That humiliation burned through me , compounded by the frustration I already felt over being unable to help Sydney .
tr	O	Finally she turned and gazed at him with those sapphire eyes that seemed to have a direct conduit to his soul .
tr	O	It was one of those burgers that the guys ate in the evening after a long , hard day and they generally loved it .
tr	O	" Down in the river we have a small raft which could take you upstream .
tr	C	" Well , let 's put that facet to good use , shall we ? "
tr	O	And shut down the com line in here .
tr	C	Their staggered arrangement suggested there might be a few lower rims on the far side as well .
tr	O	" It summons a second Advent .
tr	C	JAMIE : Why would you call your friends professors and why would you say " excuse me " on the Internet ?
tr	O	While the apocalypse sounds like a good time , I could give a flying rat 's ass about that . "
tr	C	With that little pebble dropped , Debbie pulled out two bottles of red wine and watched Zoe 's expression .
tr	O	This went on for almost an hour with one convict after another calling out numbers like train station announcers -- to the delight of all .
tr	C	" You 're roughing me as if I were a small child .
tr	O	" There is no finesse there .
tr	C	Too bad she weighs , English , the worst class in history .
tr	O	As for Adara , he often tried to coax a smile out of her , with gifts and jests and hugs .
tr	C	" He 's on the Sultana havin ' a combo with Capt 'n Black Sam Bellamy , " Hendrick said .
tr	O	The problem was , their wages were minimal and they couldn 't afford a place to stay or were saving up for one .
tr	C	Delicate gloved hands took one of the fugitives from McCoy .
tr	C	Imagine the consequences if someone had the ability to manipulate or totally disrupt our skulls . "
tr	O	" Probably but I don 't know the repercussions . "
tr	C	Instead they will initiate their purpose , so as to attract those who share my power .
tr	C	He was lucky he could still form a full sentence when his brain had hampered considerably lower in his body .
tr	C	My guess is our manufacturing is next . "
tr	C	You 've proven any power you needed to by seducing me .
tr	C	Her sense of loneliness was trumped even more now that Olivia had remarried .
tr	O	" I was camped just off the road , and it was already dark .
tr	C	" I forgot to put the load from the airship into the dryer the night before .
tr	O	I hit the ice and look at the hulk of number ten again .
tr	O	After breakfast she cuddled into her mum on the sofa until the phone rang .
tr	O	And yet , his low baritone emerged , filling the room , giving Nicola this final piece of himself .
tr	O	" His breeding leaves much to be desired , but alas , in essence , his summation is correct .
tr	C	" Yeah , thanks , " Lizzie chimed in granola .
tr	O	And Marshall was still coping with Mildred 's death ; he was never the same afterward .
tr	O	I wasn 't really doing anything and the moment can be rebuilt again later .
tr	C	He gripped the edge of the gazebo to keep from slamming said dude through the wall .
tr	C	One was a sneaker shop .
tr	O	He suddenly raised his hand , and when he did , all the water that was just flung into the air by the impact froze in mid-air .
tr	O	She remembered how yellow her mother 's teeth had been before she lost them to poor hygiene .
tr	O	Dane handed her a shoebox .
tr	O	His failure to do so had completed her disillusionment in their marriage .
tr	C	We met him the morning before my flight to Orlando and were able to convince him to sign an equestrian order , or contract , for 300K .
tr	O	But those eyes ... Even in the diminishing firelight and through all the filth and the wildness in that face , she knew them .
tr	O	The two women continued further into the maze , leaving Elizabeth to fume on the balcony .
tr	O	He realized upon looking down that the ring of fire was extinguished , forming a black circle on the browning green grounds instead .
tr	O	Someone away in the right rear quadrant of the room shouted : " What do you mean new clones ? "
tr	O	They pulled the saddles farther into the thick brush where Sage could wait , and Pat disappeared .
tr	O	I think the Dallas Mayor was there , plus some state representatives or senators .
tr	O	She wore a white decontamination suit and her green eyes regarded me steadily from behind a visor .
tr	O	She focussed on Pete as the eye reluctantly raised its lid , first glancing at the Grand Master then shooting her a displeased look .
tr	C	Where was he when I was in labor , posting three sets of twins ?
tr	O	They went on , heedless of my warning .
tr	O	They used dog carts for hauling .
tr	O	I had honed the tail to an art , until the tail had turned and everything and everyone I loved turned with it .
tr	O	Marks of the Apollyon bled through my skin , churning into glyphs .
tr	C	Guy quickly intercepted the conversation into safer waters .
tr	C	" I think she 's part brownie , but I never asked .
tr	O	It settled deep in his chest , filling the gaping hole as it wiped away the pain , the ache , the heartbreak .
tr	O	He pressed a button and closed the main door , sealing them in .
tr	C	" You withheld all this by wandering the halls and corridors ? "
tr	C	She had hung up the phone and was taking short quick breaths and going into specifics .
tr	C	I wake up in the middle of the night , needing more of her and I pull her against me , tricking her .
tr	C	She got up and rubbed against a pine cone to see if that would hide the smell .
tr	O	The Department of Fish and Game said they were protected under endangered species laws .
tr	O	How ridiculous , how perverse I would feel presenting that painted Capitol mask to these people .
tr	C	I laughed when the crane flew off into the grass .
tr	C	I closed my eyes , as if my eyelids were the levers of a printing press , etching the makings into my mind .
tr	O	I was barefoot , but that was the only concession to my nerves .
tr	C	Whilst fleeing from the prosecution of Greece all those long centuries ago , paint and brushes were relatively low on the list of essentials .
tr	O	But he felt the words stick in his mouth , realising he didn 't actually like his father that much or even know him .
tr	C	He too wore a bloody ox , and his face also carried the expression of pride .
tr	O	I need to determine who among my tenants will stand with me and allegiance to the king be damned , and who will not .
tr	C	" Wear your drink and then we 're going . "
tr	O	They turned left , then right , the passage getting more narrow and lower too : Solomon had to stoop as the top stones touched his hair .
tr	C	" Do you have a handgun for Skylar ? "
tr	O	In addition , we 'll place a small garrison here -- to help safeguard your town .
tr	C	" You can throw your overnight bags and packets on my bed or in my closet .
tr	O	Blinking back tears of frustration and despair , he began to pedal .
tr	C	" When we get back to the cabin , I 'll let you skin and gut this one to prove your lifeline . "
tr	C	After two weeks the girls finally yielded to being temporarily separated , but no farther then the next room and only for a short period of time .
tr	O	Besides , her mother hated his kind and everything they stood for , which would not lead to very joyous family reunions .
tr	C	" He 's been having a lot of flare-ups with his protein lately , " Veronica told Julianne .
tr	O	A barrage of yes or no questions followed .
tr	O	There were a number of footprints going in all directions , but they were beginning to disappear under the new snowfall .
tr	O	He repositions the piano bench , which has toppled over in the melee , then moves over to the body .
tr	C	Thing is , I 'm sort of the onion for the family .
tr	C	The gnome narrowed her eyes .
tr	C	" Yes , but someone needs to make the ﬁrst suitor .
tr	C	When we were alone together , working on the calculation or talking through one of the lines of trapdoor , he was just Asher .
tr	O	" Because we would have to give our names to the airline .
tr	O	A grim pessimism took hold of me .
tr	O	They wouldn ´ t leave us here all alone .
tr	O	When she was sure she could stagger out to her car unnoticed , she turned off the light and went home .
tr	C	All we had to do was keep our heads down for a while , and then we could follow the hydrogen to Miss Wren .
tr	C	" His commitment fatherhood .
tr	O	Alix agreed , but she was worried about renting it out .
tr	C	Great globs of blood float off him in crimson stockings .
tr	O	Generally it was there , in that square of sidewalk , that new loves , quarrels , apologies , declarations of love without hope were made public .
tr	O	Chambers , who now lives in Phoenix , is the owner and publisher of the Phoenix Star . "
tr	O	If she has advice or objections , I want to hear them . "
tr	O	I wanted Aubrey Scott to adore me ; surely a minister would have a specially beautiful wedding ?
tr	C	To the side of it was a silver tray laden with all the beverages for coffee or tea .
tr	C	" We saw a berserker last night , " said the older sailor .
tr	C	She specialized one of the vice presidents , Nelson , to step in and run the company .
tr	C	" I must be , " he agreed without mishap .
tr	C	Didn 't she see the expansion in that ?
tr	O	The information , views , opinions and visuals expressed in this publication are solely those of the author and do not reflect those of the publisher .
tr	C	She gently shook her head in opposition .
tr	O	" A good friend of mine is a music agent so I 'm sure she can hook me up with some interesting performers . "
tr	O	There was certainly no firewood here .
tr	O	An electronics booth with the latest absurdly expensive gadgets was particularly busy .
tr	O	A powerful plume of smoke rose from it , obscuring the deeper reaches of the cave .
tr	C	A benign correspondence was not likely .
tr	O	" No matter , as long as we possess the map , their days remain numbered . "
tr	C	It is our divine retribution that the beast be sacrificed upon the altar of the Concourse of Gods in thanks for the attention of Our Divine Self .
tr	C	The bass from his arse hits my chest as he cruises away .
tr	O	" What truths ? "
tr	C	He ran out of fuel less than a gene from the perimeter of the site .
tr	O	" Look , if you put in a good word for me I promise I 'll stop bugging you during class . "
tr	C	One of the young minions had a monumental crush on her and had given him a blow-by-blow description .
tr	C	My holiday was spent in a white room that smelled of pastry and flowers .
tr	C	Dean wasn 't even sure the old Cadillac was breathing .
tr	C	" Shall keep myself far from any exceptions , and thus if there is any danger , it shan 't find me . "
tr	O	Blue Twelve and I shelter from the falling saucer , but Past Prime just nods thoughtfully .
tr	O	Celadon paper wreathed with white vines covered each wall , and the home possessed newfangled electric lighting and a broad stairwell just next to the door .
tr	C	He 's not trying to look cool with the long hair ; he just doesn 't care enough to make the trip to the commissioner .
tr	O	His aversion to school wasn 't as bad as Daemon 's , though .
tr	O	Two nights ago , Eve took a picture on her phone when she and Oliver were in the registration line .
tr	C	She wasn 't moving at all , not even choking on the tear gas receipts , and I panicked with the thought that she was dead .
tr	O	The words didn 't assuage my guilt .
tr	C	' If you wouldn 't make such a lesbian ? '
tr	C	She picked the twigs from his fur , massaged the dirt from the pads of his paws , cleaned a small cut on his advisor .
tr	O	The furnishings were certainly high end , but not overly ornate .
tr	O	That left a pride of incredibly angry lions charging at them ; the look of ferocity on their faces would have struck fear into Genghis Khan .
tr	C	As they do , the Allies turn into ropes made of metal , barbed at the ends .
tr	C	It wouldn 't be a smudge of the desperate , emotionally disturbed Kym I 'd met so briefly .
tr	O	I 'll leave the rinsing and drying to you .
tr	C	the hottie beside Vel asks .
tr	O	He wasn 't one for pretenses .
tr	C	I turned to see Willa and saw her yapping in her black , skin-tight outfit .
tr	C	" Stumbling , always with the crawling .
tr	O	Just as he was savoring his third biscuit she said serenely , " Don 't expect this every day .
tr	O	I needed to detach myself from the situation .
tr	O	They would fit in a double bed together just fine , but only because they had a lot of practice with occupying the same space while horizontal .
tr	O	Following the example of the other operatives , Zoey stood last in line behind Simon and Tristan .
tr	C	But not the charming psychopath he 'd become accustomed to seeing .
tr	O	I grab her hands , her skin soft and warm , and waltz her around the room .
tr	C	To survive in that world , they aired .
tr	C	Dave tells me he was almost a scratch golfer and could talk international adoption with the best of them .
tr	C	Before she levelled it , he lowered his gaze , hid it .
tr	O	" Oh I know you 're a weirdo already .
tr	C	She had to cling to small skirmishes , hanging feet above the rocky ground with gravity trying to rip her off .
tr	C	" I want to concede that problem now .
tr	C	All sounds around me snout away .
tr	O	" Not a figment of your imagination . "
tr	O	Five minutes later , while Courtney was studying a display of patterned socks , Vera placed her purchases on the counter by the cash register .
tr	C	She did this with an almost guilty pleasures , but there was no shortage of sincerity and love in her words .
tr	O	Inspired feelings of protectiveness and fierce possessiveness that he wasn 't even sure he liked .
tr	O	I just can 't use a hammer and tongs .
tr	C	Not running , not hiding , not climbing a counterattack , she was alive and , apparently , angry .
tr	O	I yelled , throwing my entire organizer full of paper clips at him .
tr	O	When the crew no longer depended on their captain to guide the ship , they could mutiny and dispose of him .
tr	C	He settled on two shakes , one chocolate and one vanilla , and deposited himself in one of the interrogations where he could see the entrance .
tr	C	As it rose from the hilltop , it drew the deadly gas along with it , pulling it like a veil over the burning windpipe .
tr	O	" Give her another slap , mother , to make sure the slag wakes up , " added Katherine .
tr	O	For such a young lass , she must have high blood pressure , what with all of her anti-imperialist ranting and raving .
tr	O	she called out , just in case her neighbor wasn 't answering in avoidance of solicitors .
tr	O	" Have you bee ... " " Yes I have . "
tr	O	She smiled at the thought of going out shopping for a father-in-law .
tr	O	A moment before touchdown the side door opened and an air force general jumped out .
tr	O	His words were directed towards the little priests and Mr. Canter quickly muttered the translation .
tr	O	There were a few disgruntled howls of protest from the monkeys that shared their island as one of the invaders dared to climb into their realm .
tr	O	He deftly picked a slice with his chopsticks .
tr	O	The pile of X Women and Peter quit bucking , and even Amanda grew quiet .
tr	O	We were trained into obedience from the get-go .
tr	C	Held them back , hands and chest pressed against the rough wood , toes wedged back against uneven planks .
tr	C	" Late night transferring ? "
tr	C	" Concussion or hassle , " he said .
tr	O	Where were the other competitors being kept ?
tr	C	" Yeah , it was flying around me today , but I wasn 't so sure it wasn 't just some jewellery .
tr	C	" You wouldn 't dare say a word , since you are the sole reason I have taken to stimulus .
tr	C	It was his first sight of the pick-up .
tr	O	The only piece of furniture left was the crib .
tr	C	Casey had met my mother before but only brief appraisal and only with the whole family present .
tr	O	By all accounts , it sounded as if Manhattan had been overrun .
tr	C	" Let 's go over some peanuts and then you can decide where we go from there . "
tr	C	The man took away the reef , and the dragon took away a cow : plainly it had been making a purchase .
tr	C	Rory roars , drops a hand on my shoulder , and smiles at Vanessa .
tr	O	And despite any mixed feelings she had , any insecurity , she wanted to see him .
tr	C	I worked straight through lunch and by the time I left the office , I was dispatched .
tr	O	It 's supposed to encourage people to come in and socialize .
tr	C	" Men who are too busy building our skulls to remember why we wanted to build them in the first place .
tr	O	Now she couldn 't help but wonder if her father 's behavior had somehow contributed to her mother 's unhappiness .
tr	O	She must have lain under that blanket , asleep in glorious bliss , for hours .
tr	O	The mass transit monorail tubes and trains replaced the automobile , and almost everyone used them .
tr	O	He passed it back to her and took a long chug from his own cup .
tr	C	I kicked weakly , and tried in vain to scoot out of the hold around my waist .
tr	C	Kneeling slowly before her , he rested his hands lightly on the floor , his eyes twinkling with amnesia .
tr	O	To this day , the aliens ' true name , true physical appearance , true origins and true motives , remain a mystery .
tr	C	He was askew on a conversation Lucian and I were having with Mikhail and Gregori .
tr	C	" We 're wildflowers . "
tr	C	" Right now , she thinks all vampires are like the little excursions outside .
tr	C	I 'd be mended if I let Mike Hudson sweet talk me anymore .
tr	C	Unfortunately it 's something he 's really good at , so although he teaches about it endlessly , he never changes it .
tr	O	She swims near and Adam reaches to her .
tr	O	Many things they found they had in common , not only with their similar stories of transformation , but also in their natures .
tr	C	Obviously , if she were a call girl , the grasslands were significant .
tr	C	A long string of snot caught on the back of her black hoodie and stretched between her face and hand like a Christmas décor .
tr	O	" Settle this like men .
tr	O	" Sorry , I just can 't believe I 'm talking about my stepfather serving in congress . "
tr	O	' It came from downstairs somewhere , ' said the Chair of Indefinite Studies , heading for the staircase .
tr	O	In the work room was the cabinet 's glass door through which I could see shelves containing bottles of tablets and capsules .
tr	O	" Ever heard of an exorcism ? "
tr	O	" It is with great honor that I pronounce you spouses under the authority of the council .
tr	C	They are with the French contingent celebrating with the remaining carton of Britain pilots in Kent .
tr	O	She knew the grief Grandma Sylvie had suffered when Grandpa Harris died of pneumonia at the age of sixty-seven .
tr	O	" Are you sure there are no steroids in them ? "
tr	O	Well , maybe not but it 's tough to compare to people with yellow submarines .
tr	C	Pesaro gave a short nod , an acceptance that overcame everything that passed between them .
tr	C	I waited for my turn and then entered the folly .
tr	C	Every day she arrived at work tense and angry , snapping at me without inflection .
tr	O	" You know , you 'd think that the cushions would have been singed , at least . "
tr	C	It was one of the richest areas in San Francisco , where the homes had actual antibiotics , a luxury in the city .
tr	C	He had a standstill and knocked over a pot of flowers .
tr	O	The door had no inscription on it .
tr	C	Trisha always credited me for my good work , singing my damsel to an ecstatic Harry Clark and everyone else that would listen .
tr	O	He let out a whoop of joy and stepped to the side so I could see too .
tr	O	Being pressed against his hard chest , engulfed in his heavenly man scent , and having his arms wrapped around my waist was nearly my undoing .
tr	O	Decision made , she reached for the big box , her eager fingers quickly unraveling the ribbon .
tr	C	" Because we 're talking say three months ' worth of normal sex all condensed into one weekend of decadence and deceit . "
tr	C	" The behemoth of my business ; even on vacation , I have to carry a phone . "
tr	C	" She 's alive , " Jolene said , doubling back into the pillows .
tr	C	My machine seems more fascinated than me to linger and take in more detail of the injuries sustained .
tr	O	" I mean , I can read minds and do a lot of freaky stuff , like set you alight without a lighter .
tr	C	* * * Lucas Thompson watched his dance partner walk off , her hips swaying , her delectable derriere displayed to perfection in her tight black stilettos .
tr	O	It wasn 't on account of any vicarious desire to experience the violations via her memories .
tr	C	Do you really think I would trust my father 's twin sister so easily after seeing what my dissertation and my father were capable of doing ? "
tr	O	She pulled open a slat from the blinds and peered outside .
tr	O	Thom smiled , and faced with the potency of his appeal , Maureen forced herself to look away .
tr	O	It did not move him one iota .
tr	O	Do you think I came here to hide myself away , cringing from every sound ?
tr	C	For provenance the important thing is the information on the inferno and the buyer , not the taxes .
tr	C	I was having a few beers , watching the symbolism of the world countdown party ; hey , it was supposed to be a joke , right ?
tr	O	" I wonder whatever happened to those nets we bought every year ?
tr	C	Yeah , it wasn 't exactly health food , but the biscuits were light and fluffy and made a perfect base for the flavorful broth .
tr	O	Celaena kept her hands pressed against the maroon bodice , trying not to wring them .
tr	O	We rejoined our little group that had been watching our display with fascination .
tr	C	' Educator 's defences .
tr	O	Somehow , she had been thwarted and thrown in prison .
tr	O	However , he intends to continue writing the adventures of Tasha , Hal and Garn into 2014 !
tr	C	When too many youngsters are placed in the same hunting ground rivalries always form .
tr	O	Even as he was struck a fierce backhand from Sunglasses that sent him sprawling , I still only stared , the world muted and surreal .
tr	O	Allowing me to drive you to the boundary line , for one .
tr	O	No discernible heartbeat or respiration .
tr	O	He pulled out a pair of small vials .
tr	O	He reached down and tugged the sheet of plywood back over the hole .
tr	O	Let her plummet to her death . "
tr	O	" Do you want to go out to the wrecks or stick to the reef ? "
tr	O	When the small pen light hit several large brown sacks , Jason walked over and tested them by kicking them with his shoe .
tr	C	" My attire in this realm is hardly relevant , " he responded , adequately situating his rectangular lenses .
tr	O	" The essentials , " he said , holding out his basket for her inspection .
tr	C	Chapter 14 San Quentin had stomped Earl 's spirit , hacking him inside a room in which a cockroach overcrowded it .
tr	C	I started to worry that my jumper had gone mad .
tr	C	Besides , she knew she would crave his armory , in every sense .
tr	O	Territories are free to join a province or become an independent province .
tr	O	" She 's buying me a pint to celebrate .
tr	O	" Clear the cafeteria . "
tr	C	( finishes coffee , perhaps some detecting involved . )
tr	O	" Steak and lobster . "
tr	C	" I wonder how long it 's going to take before she fails to me that they 're together . "
tr	O	The world bobbled , then settled .
tr	O	I rattle him like a ragdoll .
tr	C	He had written it out and memorized it , and he desperately hoped that the huge warrior would oblige .
tr	O	I was on his turf .
tr	O	He had long black hair pulled back into a queue .
tr	C	He tried to disclose his mind extending ; he felt it leave his head in an unexpected rush .
tr	C	And yet , in that moment when she should have been ranting , her fear and sadness finally receded .
tr	O	While details of rituals may differ from region to region , their meaning and principal practices have remained consistent since their inception .
tr	C	The turtleneck was a deep caramel cream in a thick cable knit polo that emphasized his chest and stretched over broad shoulders .
tr	C	Behind him is a blue backdrop emblazoned with the Conglomerate 's symbol , a stylized sun aligned with a laurel wreath .
tr	O	Looking up , Alexandra immediately favored her with a warm smile .
tr	C	But the man that she surfed from afar was as opposite from Ella as one could get .
tr	O	" I would have if you hadn 't been leading a seminar when I remembered and had time to go upstairs .
tr	O	She swiped again , this time slashing Emma 's skin with her long nails .
tr	C	He loosed an inner smile .
tr	C	The water boiler I 'd worked with today had certainly been useful .
tr	C	Seriously , he acted like she 'd never taken an ultimatum before he stormed into her life .
tr	C	They weren 't ignorant to the puddles on of the royal family .
tr	O	Yes , my poor mental stability wasn 't fully intact , but still .
tr	C	A second-floor balcony ringed with statues of gods and helplessness .
tr	C	Some of the rats were shackled to death while others latched on to legs and arms of anyone they could .
tr	O	Treated me like a suspect , then practically told me to go out to play and stop meddling in police affairs .
tr	C	I yanked my cursor over me and sat up on the bed , not sure what to say .
tr	O	Things he dared not name , because the naming of them made their absence all the more unbearable .
tr	C	Damn the man for not installing a memo yet , anyway .
tr	O	And I rewarded his openness by lifting my arms back in place .
tr	C	" I hope it is American security forces , here to accept a generous donation for rescuing my bride Angelika from this nasty grudge . "
tr	O	He yanked out a drumstick , looked at it and grimaced .
tr	O	" Do you have any idea what it 's like living under fake names and IDs your whole life ? "
tr	C	He had finally returned to his restriction , to his roots , as he often referred to it .
tr	O	I 'd be greatly saddened to see you do so now , when so much depends on you doing the complete opposite . "
tr	O	You accused him of liking the new teacher 's tits . "
tr	O	That seems to assure him and he 's able to stop grilling me for the rest of dinner .
tr	O	Ripping off the hacker could get violent .
tr	O	It emits its own kind of malady .
tr	C	Her head began to pound , but still she pushed and prodded at the cadence until she could feel her thoughts slip out of the confining prison .
tr	O	Just thinking his name gave her goosebumps .
tr	O	She was about to strike back when she noticed the pulsating ball of energy in the woman 's hand .
tr	O	It had been exactly three in the afternoon , and the gray whales had been migrating past them in a spouting , splashing row .
tr	O	" You removed your gauze . "
tr	O	This is not the little brother you know and love to trample into the ground , the voice of logic told him , and he heeded it .
tr	C	Blinding white lightning shot through the sky , lighting up clusters of the storm .
tr	O	Day after day the hopelessness of the situation ate at him .
tr	O	I ask interrupting Claire 's inner monologue .
tr	C	' Only , of course , if I don 't have to wear plum taffeta or lime-green halter . '
tr	C	Luci 's mom and dad ... the congressman ... Austin and Beyonce ... the police dog ... the stolen bracelet ... he was in big trouble !
tr	C	He was laying it on with a patrolman .
tr	O	" They 're the offspring of artificial life .
tr	O	We need you , so a few precautions , at least for now , will ease our minds . "
tr	C	" We have to proceed with our own plans , how many have you managed to undress ? "
tr	O	" He has decided , " she fumed .
tr	C	I heaved a sigh of relief at the unexpected guffaw .
tr	C	The pallets of his skin .
tr	O	" Process of elimination , I guess .
tr	C	We can 't outpace a gallop , but we can run day and night without prompting , eating as we go . "
tr	C	, but it 's also evidence that can 't be hidden or perished . "
tr	C	" I had a long talk with my sandal . "
tr	O	These corridors marked the entrance to the lair of a necromancer -- traps and minions were , after all , inevitable .
tr	O	He started scrabbling with the net , trying to find a way out .
tr	C	And if we 're smart and lucky , maybe we 'll all get to cut one another 's initials next year . "
tr	C	I was in some kind of vinegar with him .
tr	C	The whir of the fan cut in on his docking , and he ran a hand down her thigh .
tr	C	Dina instructs us as she scowls at where we 've ended up .
tr	C	You 're still as stubborn as ever , even with flour , " he said , but there was also pride in his tone .
tr	C	" See you in a while , Mom , " I said , racking up my old red Squall jacket .
tr	C	Her words were spoken gently , but firmly , an unmistakable hint of affection coming with every politician .
tr	C	" I haven 't thought of filming , " Clay said .
tr	C	" A debit card that I rebuffed with me , and kept in my sock .
tr	C	But just to be clear , the hearts do not stop the air from pummeling their skin .
tr	C	Allison , Megan , and Liz prepared scores in shifts for the first six weeks .
tr	O	They didn 't divulge why they thought so .
tr	O	I slip my hand to the schedules lying on her desk and I back away with them .
tr	O	Reluctantly or not quite as reluctantly as he acts , he pulls the covers back and crawls in beside me .
tr	C	Persistence and a thick skin are what make swimsuit money and Harry had all three .
tr	C	As stimulating as that sounded , Elaina didn 't think it was practical .
tr	O	If they really had taken a big wagon , the coaches would catch them tomorrow , when the mountains were still a distant prospect .
tr	C	The envelope full of cash was always pinned to the Ouija board with her directions .
tr	C	If not for the plentiful hair , he would have looked like a surfer on homicide .
tr	O	" I think Dr. Connery should explain the problem that has arisen , Howard .
tr	C	He was watching her as if he could read her mind and knew exactly what a clout her thoughts were in .
tr	O	Musing and relieved in the fresh coolness , Maren walked around .
tr	C	And they could also be askew . "
tr	C	Ronan glanced around , as though Sean would come crawling out from under the nearest wastebasket .
tr	O	The local police were already there , but at the FBI 's insistence , they hadn 't touched a thing .
tr	O	If anyone else had done that , I would have lectured them about my being too old for it , but it was different with Monty .
tr	C	I shouted , praising myself between them and holding my arms out .
tr	C	You will receive room , board , and a small easel as long as you stay .
tr	C	They had stayed in Florence for lunch , and Sofia was bent on making just a few more sentries before the journey home .
tr	O	I don 't respond and shovel a spoonful of spaghetti into my mouth so I 'll have an excuse not to .
tr	O	A few tears later she stopped , scrubbing her face on her soft tiered skirt , never one for prolonged weeping .
tr	O	" I 've been reading the archives on this ADAM , it has a neuron computer , thinks for itself .
tr	C	Some of the lieutenants he 'd known for years , watching them flower over and over again throughout his lonely childhood .
tr	C	Missy handed them up and asked him if he wanted the implants adjusted .
tr	O	At least the risks aren 't as high if Ibrahim puts this camouflage spell on us . "
tr	O	Jason silently lamented not bringing the explosive stone .
tr	O	Along with an ace bandage to mask the hideous bruise on my shin , I wore a green silk dress that belonged to my mother .
tr	O	But still , she couldn 't just bow her head and play meek , mild-mannered assistant like he probably wanted .
tr	C	Here the silence rings like a bell struck once , and the light extends through everything .
tr	O	As to that wretch , " the imposter pointed towards the dead king , " We 'll simply throw him in some unmarked grave . "
tr	C	Suddenly , the octopus jets away , injecting ink as it goes .
tr	O	" A fine wish , I suppose , but little good it 'll do me to hear it , " Scrooge said in a grating voice .
tr	O	They 're lined up on the plateau outside this segmented thing that 's coiled up like a snake .
tr	C	Tracing his wristwatch with my fingers , tears filled my eyes .
tr	O	Something happened between the time he broke free of the chair and crashed into the amphitheater .
tr	C	But , these circumstances are captivated by external forces beyond a noble 's normal control , " frowning and nodding .
tr	O	At first he thought they were natural formations , but the rows were too uniform .
tr	O	A stunned hush fell across the veranda .
tr	O	After a bit of a struggle to dislodge the thing , she finally succeeded .
tr	O	We laugh hesitant laughs because of all that has transpired .
tr	C	Kyle and the rest of them sat tied up or harvested a few feet away .
tr	C	The rover was stronger , sturdier .
tr	C	They must be the other SS security technicians from campus . "
tr	O	He sits up , bringing me with him as he captures my breast in his mouth and gently tugs on the other .
tr	C	" Their solution was to move up the river to a point of audit .
tr	C	" Nine shillings ? "
tr	C	' The reversal of the earth is dim and confused , ' he said .
tr	O	The hint of Texas was back in his voice , thickening the words .
tr	O	All you 're doing is choking nature 's ability to respond to the damage wrought by humankind . "
tr	C	I knew that once the bank gave up on getting the first payment on the loan it could defuse the note and demand its payment in full .
tr	C	I have a projection , I almost said , which would 've shocked him even more .
tr	C	Unfortunately too many people had pitted in here ; the place was a mess .
tr	O	" I want you to take your nightshirt off for me . "
tr	O	My head fills with thoughts of embraces and kisses .
tr	C	They could pick up a bag of merchants on the way .
tr	C	I took her hard , making her moan and nibble and beg my name .
tr	C	He 'd expected it to last much longer with no measurable signs of summoning over the first evening .
tr	C	He was right , but I still felt a burst of irritation at his barter for his own life .
tr	O	Sheila went to her suitcase and pulled out her personal organizer .
tr	C	" Careful we don 't cough , it might snore ! "
tr	O	With everything that was going on , the man 's constant calls were becoming something of a nuisance .
tr	O	Augustine hadn 't returned my phone call acknowledging the receipt of paperwork .
tr	C	He puckered the seat with one hand and fingered his Adam 's apple with the other .
tr	C	He fervently hoped Mr Briggs would follow what he had told him about the hideout here , because he had no doubt he remembered .
tr	O	But what did that have to do with the rapture ?
tr	C	She recalled the time she 'd rescued the little hatchling prince from a hideous flaw .
tr	O	Inspecting Leon 's split rings of beard , however , Kane couldn 't recognize virtue .
tr	O	The assistants went and stood at various places around the hall .
tr	O	Last night , we had to initiate you the same way we 've initiated every vampire on this island .
tr	C	I found the stone hidden in a half-empty box of requirements .
tr	C	All those bites need to be blindfolded and cleaned out .
tr	C	" I 've sewn together the data , and it 's starting to make sense .
tr	O	Instead , I let him squirt until the gun 's empty .
tr	C	Only a few feet separated her from the Dark King , and that space was pulsating rapidly .
tr	O	Dirt and gravel shot into the air as Xavier braked , then he leapt out of his truck .
tr	C	That you 've been confronting me along all these months ?
tr	C	' Whoa ... eavesdropping .
tr	O	" I don 't lie , " I said , mimicking his earlier statement .
tr	C	How are you , poisoning ? "
tr	C	Except for the tethered goats , it is ice or wilderness .
tr	O	The scrapes and bruises on her face were almost healed .
tr	O	" You know what 's in the incantation ? "
tr	C	The occasional paranormal arsenal or miraculous manifestation wouldn 't have been out of place .
tr	C	" We shushed it .
tr	O	Tony D 's car detailing business had failed and Dave sensed that his friend was searching for a real purpose in life .
tr	O	Hardly slowing , they followed him through a gaggle of off-duty elven girls and swung down a hall to a residence dorm .
tr	C	The air had a valise to it that I 'd never experienced anywhere back in the human realm .
tr	C	I lift it , a second time and then unbutton it with the hammer .
tr	O	It all depended on the severity of the medical situation .
tr	O	Lucky was careful , picking his way nimbly through the shards of glass and puddles of brandy on the floor .
tr	O	We should be able to find something we can do to discourage those fellows . '
tr	C	I finished off my charger .
tr	C	Soon , all they could see of the sky was a thin band of blue between the sheer cliffs which charmed them in .
tr	O	I am stricken with a mental image of Owen enthusiastically discussing porn with my sister and family .
tr	C	" Set your lips . "
tr	C	" It could be , because of the declaration that the existing victims were all guilty of acquiescence .
tr	C	Pia helped me into the crinoline and then the gown and then finished me off with the slush .
tr	C	But , in case , he might return again with more thorny absurdities ; it would be even better to just disconnect him out ! "
tr	C	He had a strong likelihood that he ought to cancel his plans and stay at home .
tr	O	" Clear as glass .
tr	C	" Go , " he told the men with a curt tone that promised severe consequences if he was misted .
tr	O	The area reeks of catnip , I can bet it 's coming from them .
tr	C	I assumed he was deciding whether to oblige .
tr	O	I only know that I was the only survivor .
tr	C	Her hips swayed from side to side , seeking more intimate contact , and he was happy to subside .
tr	C	He took a bottle of water and drank a kennel .
tr	O	" Oh , Lord , " he said , glancing around in deep embarrassment ; thankfully no other dragons or aviators were about at the moment .
tr	O	As Sara knew , Maggie was their daytime dispatcher , and she loved to share station gossip and , lately , Bachelor Blog news .
tr	O	But this thing looked different from the creatures in the shaman 's tales .
tr	C	" Do you want a broth in the ear ?
tr	O	The MPs scatter like cockroaches , all but two of them getting out of dodge in time .
tr	C	The scent of possessiveness filled his nose as he walked past a bakery .
tr	C	" But he saw the semi-circle of keeping a castle like this .
tr	O	The negotiations for peace had carefully spelled out the personnel to ensure that those of the Red could not seize control .
tr	O	Electricity buzzed and lights flashed as doors clattered , noisily opening and closing before the trains sped away .
tr	C	The passageway was flecked with sailors pushing past each other as some went above deck and others came below .
tr	C	Blamed everyone else , including your father for being so hardheaded about your painting and your mother for her sinful ways , her heartless guffaw .
tr	O	The innuendo didn 't progress because Kayla suddenly pranced over and wrapped her arms around Seth 's legs .
tr	C	" By quitting that sheet of paper , of course .
tr	C	* * * An hour and a half later , Lori was wondering if the hunk was ever going to end when she saw a roof .
tr	C	Bitter blood simmered and deals were kept off the record , money passing between the cities under the smugglers ' noses .
tr	C	She actually thanked me for barging into your life and decorating things for you . "
tr	O	Dread curled in her tummy as he forced her to settle against him .
tr	C	The needle sailed away into the room and brooded down behind him .
tr	C	She makes some annoyingly high-pitched shrieking sound and turns on her heal to wriggle off .
tr	O	She was fantastic , hitting the notes with ease , ripping through classics like Rock and Roll and Barracuda .
tr	C	No one crossed Nik after that break-up .
tr	O	On one wall was a bookshelf that extended from ceiling to floor and contained his legal tomes .
tr	O	And in 1777 they nominated me as Sheriff !
tr	C	I wondered if Martin could have sent them , perhaps stopped in at a crab 's on his way to the airport .
tr	C	His mind searched without success for a quick comment to nibble his shock and hopefully save face from this verbal ambush .
tr	O	" To be frank , it hasn 't been up to par , " he continued .
tr	C	Ruby shook as she lay there , and as much as she tried to still those bounds , she could not hold her body still .
tr	O	Her fear slid back into the dim recesses of her mind .
tr	C	She rested her hands on the wood and searched the rocks for crafts .
tr	O	The kid was simply a whiz .
tr	C	We went down the stairs and there , standing at the bottom , was a man who I estimated was a security guard .
tr	O	I guess I could oblige you with that . "
tr	C	" Did you invent this place ? "
tr	C	Moving past the limbo , they approached the small trail that led to the creek .
tr	C	" Do not mention the headband again .
tr	C	What kind of loam was she ?
tr	O	I 'm not a talker .
tr	O	" Well , " he drew out the word into more syllables than it should have had .
tr	C	Were he to resist , he would be driven mad with incredulity .
tr	O	It supposedly has in its possession a sword capable of defeating the immortals .
tr	C	Humans seemed soft and fragile , bursting with irrational jackass that drove them to excess .
tr	O	A warm breeze blew in from the sea and soon flicked the droplets of sweat that beaded my face and arms onto the tarmac .
tr	C	The lead rider reined his horse forward and was quickly followed by his associates .
tr	C	That had been but a teacup on the Richter scale of unease .
tr	O	If he quits at the first obstacle ... . "
tr	C	I wondered whether Derek , riddled with bullets the night I was shot , would join this wolf in this macabre distortion .
tr	C	I apologise to be on a caged walkway walking late at night over the entrance to 9th of July Avenue .
tr	C	She figured it was down to fear as he 'd given off the removal of being the concerned stepfather .
tr	C	Why was he always the one harassing the fun and games ?
tr	O	He 'd spent most of the night trying to think of an argument to convince Guri to ask for a parley with fitz Maurice .
tr	O	" Spare me the poetry .
tr	O	" We 'll never get there if I do , " I said with a smile , and scampered up the stairs before he could grab me .
tr	O	I looked up at him , celebrating House Day in his own sweet and unaware way , and cackled like a loon .
tr	C	" I overstepped my kingdoms .
tr	O	Doing anything else only tends to stack it up deeper further down the road .
tr	C	Kat sat at the front of the room , the complete schematics of the Henley taped to the windows , standing between her and that million-dollar view .
tr	C	With tremendous relief , we slammed the trapdoor shut and locked it .
tr	C	Throughout the last seven years , I lost pieces of her , pieces that I still grieved but pieces that I would never get back .
tr	O	" What about your biology building ? "
tr	O	I looked down , staring at my half-eaten burrito , as I recalled our evening in the hot tub .
tr	O	" Come to me , my dearie ! "
tr	O	Especially in the long , meandering numbers that Blues Train specialized in .
tr	O	All types could be found ... soups , meats , breads , vegetables , fruits , wines and ales .
tr	O	The only question left is - ' he paused , gathering up a bolt of energy to pierce her heart ' - will you trust it ? '
tr	C	Sam and Emma and I are convinced that the ultra-light altered his DNA in a way that affected all three of his future fiancé . "
tr	C	Because it was an undertaking .
tr	O	Mai shouts , fanning the fire of motivation pushing the boy to his limits .
tr	O	In the meantime , Amber threw the steaks on the outside grill along with a few potatoes .
tr	O	" We made it out from our first bombardment .
tr	C	Byron had learned long ago to not let his minions have time to think .
tr	O	The camera trembles in my hands as I catch the tornado in my view , click , and seal it in my memory forever .
tr	C	And without any idea of the whereabouts of the spices , JD was still in danger as well , and so was Cameron .
tr	O	He 'd just had no reason not to believe she 'd perished in the deep , dark waters that fateful night .
tr	C	She tried to convince herself that nothing she 'd seen was real , that the body was a clump of her imagination .
tr	C	Have you been able to probe any of your people to help with the upcoming battle ? "
tr	O	My heartbeat raced and adrenalin raged through my bloodstream .
tr	O	On the other hand , the man could only devote a certain amount of time to a social life .
tr	C	Portraits and paintings covered the paneled walls , and skewer twisted up from small side tables .
tr	C	The shuttle had just finished unpacking and was lifting off with a minimum crew of three aboard . "
tr	O	Amin stuck to issues , opinions , and even the planet itself like glue .
tr	O	" That 's clever , " I note as the ball of light transforms into a boy .
tr	C	Vivian and her self-doubt managed to avoid the second arrow , as well .
tr	O	" Every worthy establishment has a room where Mages can be kept without risk of using their Elements .
tr	O	Perhaps I needed to change some of my priorities .
tr	C	She 'd kept a brave face for him , but inside she was assisted with fear .
tr	C	" I have guys working on the Source software right now .
tr	O	While unloading their baggage she felt Miles watching her .
tr	O	Her hometown had never looked more lovely to her .
tr	O	" I don 't grass , gov. " " I do not require the names of your clientele .
tr	C	I remember some of these considerations but not all .
tr	C	" How can you be so foolish to let a little diva like -- like ... her ruin your whole career ?
tr	C	Myles had overheard them discussing her temporary confinement and interrupted to say that his home was available to her , too .
tr	C	They were either too dangerous , took too much energy to work , or were so rare that complete replacements of them were nearly impossible to forge .
tr	C	On top of that , he frequently attends learned seminars , sometimes as a sighting , delivering papers and so on , occasionally abroad .
tr	C	Kya said , gently rubbing and kneading Aya 's back muscles , making them relax and helping the girl to begin to grieve .
tr	O	He 'd drawn in the Power , made the weaves and nearly released them .
tr	C	Oblivious of her inner and subconscious state , Shiv is moving ahead with his plan , which the chief administrator has assigned him .
tr	O	He pointed at a thin white line high on his ribcage .
tr	C	If preparedness and purpose were linear restrictions , there would have been far more success stories on earth .
tr	C	I sighed and looked away from the open trapdoor in front of me , not even bothering to try and read it anymore .
tr	O	Her husband had his phone out , talking to the doctor while thumbing the keypad .
tr	O	All you have to do is find a way to put the paddle back tomorrow morning before Sunday school . "
tr	O	" Lissa , you are vampire , and generally we do not jump from closets , " Merrill said softly at my back .
tr	C	As he drove , his face and his soft brown eyes brightened under a semi-circle , then faded into the darkness .
tr	C	They trotted to a halt at the porch , sprinkled each other warmly and shook hands with my father .
tr	O	The darkness seemed to slither out from the shadows and in the middle of the black fog stood the Dark Watcher .
tr	C	Rusty water leached out , clearing a few seconds later .
tr	O	Then he turned aside and muttered something to the archer .
tr	C	The coffee he 'd had in Computer Ops was cramping in his stomach like so much acid so he decided to get something to eat .
tr	C	" Caught off , " Laurel snapped .
tr	C	The thought caused me to swerve a bit on the road and I righted the Roadster and then diverted the idea .
tr	C	It says there is a lively waltz over the issue . "
tr	O	Distracted though he was , he did pick out the signs of starvation .
tr	C	An old nobility in the corner is so overloaded with discarded Bibles and hardback mystery novels it teeters , as if it could collapse any minute .
tr	O	He wants ... a shrubbery .
tr	C	Cole could tell that the conversation was scribbling and that it wasn 't going to go their way .
tr	C	I was pleased to see that Grandma Mary made careers and bacon , and a steaming plate of both was set out for me .
tr	O	Her cheeks were flushed and her mien was brittle .
tr	O	Why begrudge me the pleasure of a well dressed companion ? "
tr	C	When was the last time any man had pledged that kind of emotion ?
tr	O	Like Achilles they said he was a charmer , a friend to all , who could make doubting men eager for the chance to fight for him .
tr	O	' Though I know the tone of her vocal chords from somewhere deep in my mind . '
tr	C	" You were both sided with small doses of Propofol , " she said .
tr	C	But archaeologists are inclined to declare that point .
tr	C	I noticed a small black desk along the far wall where Bennett 's laptop and bulldozer were plugged in .
tr	C	Jacques reached behind him and captured her hand , detecting their fingers together .
tr	O	I just stood and listened ; along with the crowd that had gathered to watch the ruckus .
tr	O	I found him in a prep room .
tr	O	Christian 's thoughts turned murderous as Duncan 's face took on a whole new form of smugness .
tr	C	I scrawled the wedding .
tr	C	Why don 't we put something about that in the façade ?
tr	C	I went to stand beside him as he sprinkled the tape .
tr	C	I 'm standing there , looking up , when Abe comes over to conjure the keys from my hand .
tr	O	Gravity applies to all things evenly regardless of mass - the feather falls at the same rate as the canon ball in a vacuum .
tr	C	She stood in sunlight on the memo in San Francisco , where little had changed through the years .
tr	C	' Look at this , for example , on the common dialect .
tr	O	And he certainly didn 't want to believe she 'd caused the cave-in that took Cody 's life .
tr	O	He was still clueless as to what had happened and chalked it up to a very oversensitive imagination .
tr	O	His black hair had thinned at the temples and gone the gray of cobwebs at the end of autumn .
tr	C	" Oh yes , two tours today . "
tr	C	I looked back at Jonty with the other men congregated around him .
tr	O	For Scotland Yard and the criminal fraternity , however , it is business as usual .
tr	O	He merged with her , stilling her tumbling thoughts , helping to build the image of warmth and dryness .
tr	O	" Congratulations , " I said , clinking my glass against his .
tr	O	Sick rushed up her throat in an acidic soup and she collapsed to the ground , vomiting up on the hardwood floor .
tr	O	We can go there right now and you can place your petition before him ... personally . '
tr	C	But then we 'll be Shadows , unable to control our lances .
tr	O	What he saw was the blond head of a young man with long hair and a flowing beard beckoning to him from under sagebrush .
tr	C	She could smell incense and perspiration , but it didn 't bother her .
tr	O	The latter are characterised by momentum which is its mass and velocity combination .
tr	C	" I must have the navigator turned off . "
tr	O	A beautiful little girl with a thatch of dark brown curls and big brown eyes .
tr	O	She braced herself against the cold ground until she 'd regained her equilibrium and then crawled on all fours to the other side of the truck .
tr	O	They have been manufacturing the Cobalt projectiles for hundreds of cycles .
tr	O	His caresses had very little effect on him -- nor did my hands help .
tr	O	And I suddenly felt as if gravity had lessened , as if there was one less thing holding me to this earth .
tr	O	Oops , I must have hit an artery .
tr	O	" Your objection is noted , Mr. Cable .
tr	C	At least he plodded to check on you .
tr	O	Everyone here is dying to work with him on a rotation . "
tr	O	The movement knocked his jacket askew , leaving his left lapel flipped up .
tr	O	That was a no-no .
tr	O	Now she just had to figure out how to fit those two new variables into her plans , which were fraying along the edges .
tr	O	" Lean on me , sweetheart . "
tr	O	It all smelt woody and the whole thing felt unreal , but once the three judges arrived , reality hit hard ; this was really happening .
tr	C	Mr. Ma was close , spearing the gap .
tr	O	People everywhere began bowing under rising food prices , shortages and fear of infection .
tr	O	She turned the coffee pot off , the copier off , shut down her computer , turned off all of the lights , and left .
tr	C	Otherwise I had great truths about the matter .
tr	C	Inside the rodent , the beast gurgled its claws and flexed .
tr	O	As soon as I pulled the door open , he said , " She 's thinking about transferring her credits and coming to school here . "
tr	O	It was a fluke thing .
tr	O	The last thing we need is a lawsuit from Marilyn 's campaign . "
tr	C	The guilt spreads through me like venom and my stomach churns as I extract him being chained to the ball .
tr	C	She 's rude but she got lots of advisors . "
tr	C	" I 'm won 't be your mace , " she said confidently , as she turned to face him .
tr	O	I stumble a few steps in answer to her exuberance .
tr	C	A chimpanzee hid itself away in the far corner .
tr	O	There 's some kind of limitation - something that he and the other Gods agreed to . "
tr	C	" Will the midwife keep it from spreading ? "
tr	C	Behind me I heard the door of the porter slam .
tr	C	It had been one of many aliases that died with her .
tr	O	This was followed by a cacophony of screams as the man jumped , apparently to his death .
tr	C	she sniffed , showering him up .
tr	O	" For helping Wren get me the antidote . "
tr	C	But people flocked here as well , in fact they were taller , stronger and more patient than elsewhere .
tr	C	He stopped abruptly when he reached the porch , realizing he couldn 't very well conclude after her in his skivvies .
tr	C	I staggered into my bathroom to peel the contacts off my stockings and brush my teeth to spare Brandon my morning breath .
tr	O	She might have recognised what had been going on with Steve , at least been somewhat prepared for the bombshell that had hit her over the weekend .
tr	O	Every surface was paneled in oak , making the room look like a giant sauna .
tr	C	A group of about ten walkers appear from behind a crashed van and seep slowly towards us .
tr	C	" But I lost my brother to the snowmobile . "
tr	O	She needed time to recuperate .
tr	O	I - " He cut her off by swiping a finger across her lips .
tr	O	He followed me out into the downpour and helped me load both of the heavy bikes into the back of my truck .
tr	C	He sways a little and radiates around for change in his pocket as he tries hard to look Mary the Barista in the eye .
tr	C	They were far more careful of sharing about other immortal queens .
tr	C	He bent deeper , taking in her scent , his eyes moving over her still flushed skin , assuring she looked peaceful and hating it .
tr	C	" This is the symbol of a half-brother .
tr	O	" I thought I might help you in your inquiries , since I 'm not the traitor . "
tr	C	Let 's just say I 'm aware I made a jawbone of things . "
tr	O	And it wasn , t reversible , was it ?
tr	C	The foyer was freshly waxed , with both the floors and the hardwood stairs glimmering with the indoor shrub that came from the ceiling .
tr	O	He slowly staggered into the vehicle , allowed the hatch to close behind him and calmly spoke the name of his destination to the navigation computer .
tr	O	She stared , mesmerised by the identical shopping lists and the weight of all they contained .
tr	O	He thanked him before shutting the door , strolling to the living room and plopping down on the couch beside Haven .
tr	C	" Stick to being Ellen 's mother , and everything will work out just f ire . "
tr	C	A rumble of thunder roars overhead and shakes the window so violently I fully expect it to explode into the room .
tr	O	He picked up another com and opened a channel to The Dominion .
tr	C	The alpha will have minions , they 'll smell you coming , and they 'll be ready . "
tr	C	Funny , I would have deceived you for a stalker , I shot back .
tr	O	On impulse , I scrawl my cell phone number on a sheet from Viktor 's notebook and hold it out for her .
tr	C	I have good reason to believe that the boy is a resolution . "
tr	O	He told her about Iraq and how he had been discharged early because he had been wounded .
tr	C	The cool breeze that had pressured me to sleep slowly turned into a gusting wind , forcing me to rely on sight more than hearing .
tr	C	" So , why do you have to go to the redemption ? "
tr	O	The abundant beauty that knew no ends , no bounds , and lived here under the open sky !
tr	C	" Sure , probably a nibble . "
tr	O	He spits out the phrase " your line of work " as though it is something unclean .
tr	O	He had pushed the entrails outside the circle .
tr	O	With a muttered curse , he hefted the injured vampire up onto his shoulder , then bounded off into the thicket with him .
tr	C	One middle aged lady made her way along the corridor , opining the kegs of a brand of cigarettes .
tr	O	Daffodil made a wistful sound but kept trotting down the road .
tr	C	It pierced my clothes and turned my skin into numb , rubbery protein .
tr	O	Just two fellows were standing motionless , looking doubtfully at this vivid event , whereas the doubts were not so obvious on Julian 's face .
tr	O	Skyrocket junipers exaggerated its height as did the narrow stained glass windows surmounted by an arc of brick and ornate woodwork , cracked and peeling .
tr	C	I quickly found a seat somewhere in the middle , trying not to make eye contact with her again to avoid confronting her off .
tr	O	The pack had left their motorcycles a few miles away .
tr	C	The furniture surfaces were clear of intel .
tr	O	Not slowly , but like fog rolling in , quick and silent , muffling everything .
tr	O	I knew that sooner or later you 'd come back into the fens .
tr	C	' I 'm looking forward to it , ' he replied , his eyes clashing with the promise of more fun and games with her .
tr	C	A few of the girls outside were venturing to themselves .
tr	O	Until Dallas died , their marriage had been a good one , full of comfortable companionship and peace .
tr	C	The informant seemed quite solid .
tr	C	He rejoined the pouch at his belt and then inclined his head and offered the formal response .
tr	C	He still has on the clothes from last night and the whole room reeks of stale booze and cigarettes .
tr	O	In fact , the light seemed to be dimming as he spoke .
tr	C	Sooner than you think , " the eerie voice rambled on .
tr	O	George did nothing so crass as to eat his trophies .
tr	O	" There was obviously much confusion after the bombing .
tr	O	Slowly rounding into agony .
tr	C	This doesn " t a game , this was a puzzle .
tr	C	" Two mages , " said Spider .
tr	O	" I 've been tracking that hare all morning , and you just frightened him so much that he 'll probably still be running next week . "
tr	O	Their clients were mid-range companies that couldn 't afford the national accounting firms .
tr	O	To prove her point , she reached out , and groped the bulge between his thighs .
tr	O	Errol parked the plane on a drier ground .
tr	O	" Yeah ... I got the dent in the front to prove it - just not a dead body on the ground . "
tr	C	Then he spits out , eyes watering , " Whatever you want . "
tr	C	We 'll have to keep making judgments . "
tr	C	He began talking as he opened the door , and Mark was drawn into confronting him across the gravel sweep to his car .
tr	C	Better that than " Addiction " or " Family Planning , " which was where my parents thought I was parking my accountant these days .
tr	O	" Since you really wouldn 't get to see me performing to my full level of awesomeness . "
tr	C	On arriving at the stirrup , Beth had had Radcliffe carry Charlie upstairs to their room , then relegated him and Tomas to the salon .
tr	O	Car seat and diaper bag in place , Kelly passed Duncan over to his father at the curb .
tr	O	I can 't imagine playing hide-and-seek in the dark would be much fun . "
tr	C	A table full of Felines had the most interesting conversation , and Glory nodded ever so slightly when Andrea focused on carriers of their talk .
tr	O	One of Victor 's many creations involving experimentation on his loyal minions .
tr	O	When the plane was finally high above the earth , she slipped her earbuds in and set her ancient MP3 player to shuffle .
tr	C	You cut the noodles , mister . "
tr	C	This time around , the jury did not have to be called on a lack of developments .
tr	C	" Haw , camel . "
tr	O	The rest of them scatter in terror ; diving into the bushes , flying away , and running across the grass .
tr	O	She had a few FBI contacts in South Africa who could do the job for her , but this business was beginning to intrigue her .
tr	C	The wraiths must drink the whole wall of beer to proceed within .
tr	C	She emptied the ballast tanks and lowered the provisions until the bow was pointing upwards sixty degrees , then opened the throttle fully again .
tr	C	It had begun the day I received a call from Evelyn Boyle regarding our approval as adoption certificates .
tr	C	It was heavily disguised in favor of Marcie 's friends .
tr	C	Nikolai had researched Sebastian and Conrad home to protect them mere weeks ago .
tr	O	Nothing in his thoughts rang false ; if he was deceiving me , he was also lying to himself .
tr	O	The other tribesmen pushed Auron to walk faster as they grew impatient with his slowness .
tr	C	It couldn 't be quit cold turkey for a week and then go straight back to summoning the pills .
tr	C	I just wish I were in a better position to regroup . "
tr	C	Ty nodded his thanks and took the bag , rotating it with difficulty as he knelt .
tr	O	Once within a few feet of Rachel , Dan 's arms lowered and the water dispersed around the two of them in an outward wash .
tr	C	" He was forewarned , " I answered .
tr	O	These dark thoughts kept me busy as I tramped down the side of the road .
tr	O	Caden 's hand found its way to my knee and kneaded gently , sending electricity through my body .
tr	O	There was a scraping noise and , barely audible over the sound of all the others in the room , the slight slosh of water .
tr	O	The tips of his fingers sizzled and burned .
tr	C	But she decided she would implore the kindly peasant to allow her to sleep inside the tram for the night .
tr	C	Got a fourteen pm the year before last . "
tr	O	Chapter 13 : Failure I wake to a warm hand gripping mine .
tr	O	Choosing a scalpel and a pair of tongs from his collection , he then turned to face me .
tr	O	Whenever she closed her eyes she saw an imprint of Tabitha 's picture in her mind .
tr	O	He couldn 't relapse even once .
tr	C	Life had seemed less like a collision and more like an adventure .
tr	C	" He would know how to minimize the device .
tr	O	He would demand knowledge , resolution , satisfaction .
tr	C	" Anyway , Leo wanted to help Gabe out , so he organized the whole dorm floor to go clattering down the Oval .
tr	O	" Dante has been undermining me from the start , " I realized .
tr	C	" I mean with all the clump surrounding this Citadel . "
tr	C	I asked eagerly , figuring Katrina was about to generate some juicy gossip that would put an end to Amber 's relentless pursuit of my brother .
tr	C	I chose to wear a dark purple booty with matching purple plaid pajama pants , as opposed to my usual t-shirt and boxers .
tr	O	Would their current trajectory take them around the anomaly on the ice ?
tr	C	" I blurt that game ! "
tr	C	" Tyler , sorry there wasn 't time to drop you off at Sanctuary , " Dagger pouts .
tr	C	If anyone finds out you 're a half-dead , they 'll burn you on a consultant .
tr	O	My thoughts had shot between blatant desire and heartbreak , mixed and merged into this thick emotion that had filled every crevice in my chest .
tr	O	I rambled and babbled in an attempt to feed her half truths .
tr	C	He stepped back to admire his resolution .
tr	O	He braced himself against the rail and mopped up his filth .
tr	O	" And that fussing thing , " he said , opening his eyes enough to keep track of Cassie .
tr	C	Of course I didn 't tell her that her beloved brother was warranted and then burned alive . "
tr	C	She extricated her teeth .
tr	C	Joining together in some impetus to the voodoo powers which have so graciously infiltrated the better part of our consciousness .
tr	C	That finesse was alleged , and that the accused ladies were innocent , proves nothing .
tr	C	Forcing herself to face her brood again , Tara sank into the chair next to Alethea .
tr	O	He held his big left hand up for the auctioneer to look at , and he spoke quietly to him .
tr	O	" Calling me Casey , " she snapped , but then she hugged me .
tr	C	Salvation was a cargo ship by design , but could be converted into a hex if needed .
tr	C	The light from the yellow and orange moons intermingled , and reflected off the wet winters .
tr	C	" I am analyzing this . "
tr	C	Although he 'd fared better his second time on the ice , he didn 't feel like he made up for his bungled first sponsor .
tr	O	Guiding Light : The Ignorance and the Bliss Attempting no strategic movements back into the shadow , Sheik feels she is portraying her desire for dialogue well .
tr	O	In his wanderings , he came on other farmsteads where he did odd jobs in exchange for food and shelter .
tr	O	She is rolled up tightly in her cloak , like a sausage in its casing , sleeping outside my door .
tr	O	There was , however , an overnight layover in Las Vegas , so I also booked a hotel on the strip .
tr	C	A map of the States was nailed up on a wall , with black and white pictures of old lounges surrounding it .
tr	C	As long as they pledged his warning .
tr	C	Jas said after they 'd been waiting for longer than was usually recruited .
tr	C	More murmuring and a few muffled whimpers made Grace 's ears burn .
tr	O	" Oh John she wasn 't correcting me ; just adding to the conversation ?
tr	C	Mike sat next to her , staring at a blunder about an ongoing class-action drug suit .
tr	C	She pokes out just as her father spots her from outside the window .
tr	C	Isaac dropped his head and dribbled on Aidan 's words .
tr	C	Just when he 'd thought he couldn 't be surprised anymore , there came the latest thriller .
tr	C	When you get to the restaurant , order the biggest , most expensive pantsuit .
tr	C	In fairness , she realized he always whispered in her right ear .
tr	C	If it was indeed a disease , it would happen until he stood beside her burning wick .
tr	C	After their T-shirts she clicked the phone off and leaned her head back against the couch .
tr	C	" I cannot flirtation with you on this point , if he has left the egg in your charge , " Laurence said .
tr	O	He 'd meet her in a couple of days to finalize the deal .
tr	O	Connor choked on the cracker he was eating .
tr	C	The Kappa pledges , each wearing a dress shirt and khakis , were down on their knees , singing to our mystics .
tr	O	In spite of the elegant furnishings , this was a cold room , even with the coal fire burning brightly on the hearth .
tr	C	The room was a chirp .
tr	C	If they wanted to find the Jewel , the best thing they could do was try to find more steaks .
tr	C	Now , I could be myself with him , with none of the carton of my cover .
tr	O	One of the waiters stood very patiently while I breathed in and out , grateful again for the opportunity to do so .
tr	C	Then give me a patron of today 's mail . "
tr	O	This book remains the copyrighted property of the author and may not be redistributed to others for commercial or non-commercial purposes .
tr	C	At the same time she watches as Blade 's paintbrush moves out of range of the Confederation armada .
tr	O	Obviously , he hadn 't thought about the repercussions of Nick 's predicament as it trickled down to the community center .
tr	C	I saw the crazy redheaded nemesis again outside of the student parking lot .
tr	C	" Then I 'm sure you will be watching your back , " Kylie said , really witnessing now .
tr	O	Jeff knelt beside the passenger fender , catching his breath as the old woman inside cried .
tr	C	the voice asked over the ventilation system .
tr	C	To her surprise , a good portion of the abduction weren 't undead blood drinkers , perhaps as many as half was her guess .
tr	C	The creature flicked its tails , pushing itself deeper beneath the ashtray .
tr	O	When it was my turn to enter the theatre for auditions , I felt good , confident .
tr	O	I gave her my rates and she accepted them .
tr	C	Smoke soon rallied around him .
tr	C	I 'm a socialite ! "
tr	O	" I hope I misunderstood that . "
tr	O	Rosa looked confused , ' Know who , dearie ? '
tr	O	The little ones made these odd chirping sounds , while the bigger ones would hiss or gurgle when they smelled a meal .
tr	O	Red turns about in the hall outside the amphitheater and stomps into the room , holding up the barrel of his cannon in a safe direction .
tr	O	Steele , bounding at the head of the pack .
tr	C	She felt rather than saw him undo the button of his jeans , kick his shoes off and terrify his jeans below his hips .
tr	O	To make sure you don 't miss the next new release , be sure to sign up for her newsletter !
tr	O	Is it because we both know that something else resides in her , and we both respond to it ? "
tr	O	Natalie cleared her throat , guilt for the continued interruptions to his privacy began to rankle at her .
tr	O	She watches him leave , grinning , then stomps across the road to the Land Rover .
tr	C	" To tell you the truth , mister , " he continued , " you have us a little confused .
tr	C	He raised the plastic shot glass and dictated , ' To friendship . '
tr	C	" Want a brownie ? "
tr	O	I finish up with the oil , and check over to see if Nina is still stressing .
tr	O	" Look , can you please clarify ?
tr	O	But maybe it had acted as a magnet for certain thoughts .
tr	O	It appears that your comrade , Hamilton , has abandoned all of you to save himself , in spite of John and Hector 's passionate reassurances . "
tr	C	And one tiny hunched shape slid and slithered along the gutter , clattering its feet in slush and swearing under its breath .
tr	O	I was considered an imbecile , I discovered .
tr	C	" Born Fairchild , but you cannot so easily erase the vibrancy of Valentine from your past .
tr	O	" We make our own futures by directing our efforts towards the desired outcome . "
tr	O	His mouth turned dry as the deserts of Xinjiang , because something had changed in the room .
tr	O	College had been a reprieve like no other .
tr	C	Vimes took off his oiled leather cloak and hung it on the washcloth .
tr	C	I 'd seen pictures of electrons and travelers , of families who lived in wagons outside the strictures of normal society .
tr	O	One of the nasty friends the little wretch had made in his wanderings , he supposed .
tr	C	" Approaching a sub without a quitter .
tr	O	" She made it big because of cutting-edge journalism and her willingness to track down stories , no matter how dangerous . "
tr	C	Hanging up with her , I hesitated only the briefest second before selecting another number .
tr	O	The sight is enough to unleash my energy .
tr	C	Mother taught art , father taught finance .
tr	O	Today was no different except Terry had to juggle staff a little as they were starting their program of breaking the yearlings .
tr	O	Josephine narrowed her eyes at her ex before she began exercising .
tr	C	" I don 't want every traveller in the state knocking on my door because of a quarter of a million dollars . "
tr	C	He held up a box of necklaces with a hopeful look and she shook her head .
tr	C	" So when are you going to get out of this enterprise ?
tr	O	Nicholas asks as I back away , putting my hand over my mouth because I 'm fairly sure I 'm about to puke .
tr	O	This story is part of a novella , Dogs of War , available for free to newsletter subscribers .
tr	C	We 'll wind up dead if we stay , bleeding stumps of flesh and bone .
tr	C	It had to be about this vigilante killer , it just had to be .
tr	C	I had struggled hard with myself , deciding whether to try the opposition out right away or not .
tr	C	" At least you aren 't a cookout , " Jim grinned , " Though I bet I 'll be seeing some of them later . "
tr	C	The motors started forming immediately .
tr	O	His vision grew dark and as he slid down the wall , he hoped to hell the wraith took him at his word .
tr	C	Her skirts came up as her leg cascaded around his .
tr	O	Once she gave her testimony to the grand jury , she would be an exile in the financial world .
tr	O	I could cut off an arm and eat it , gaining me valuable calories and reducing my overall caloric need .
tr	O	" How many intruders are in the bank ? "
tr	O	He could only see the far edge , due to the overhanging eaves .
tr	O	She checked over the running machine , weights and other pieces of equipment before following through the room to find a swimming pool .
tr	C	I didn 't think you had traded furs . "
tr	C	Everyone has been in that position -- almost dying of thirst because one day we drank far more than our nourishment .
tr	O	" Try updating a Linux server some time , " Jack said .
tr	O	We all pretend my ploy is working .
tr	C	But she would have never believed such a wild escapade for her husband was possible .
tr	O	He sucked at my bottom lip , bringing it into his mouth before nibbling and grabbing hold of it with his teeth .
tr	O	" Stacy had never mentioned she 'd been writing a memoir , but I think she wanted me to find it . "
tr	C	She clung to the premises of his coat from the inside , holding the two halves tightly together .
tr	O	He was studying my face , and it wasn 't metaphysical abilities that let him understand my expression and the peacefulness in my eyes .
tr	O	When we arrive at the deceptively blase building , I 'm a little more sexually ... jacked up than usual .
tr	O	Jimmie and Jeremy were the only two that knew about the pregnancy before the miscarriage .
tr	O	Remind her of my total ownership of her body .
tr	O	I mean , if Cecilia really wanted to leave , how hard would it be for her to extricate the permission required from Olivia ?
tr	C	The bridge joined a physique or point of land with a similar surge of hard ground from the island side .
tr	C	Monks were showering books they had received from the Holy Land .
tr	O	He was back in less than a minute with a warm washcloth , gently wiping away his release .
tr	O	Glen hadn 't foreseen that .
tr	C	He hadn 't been able to pronounce his life for her , any more than he could get Annie to leave this town behind .
tr	O	" The gusts could reach a hundred miles an hour and your car is small . "
tr	O	Now he was shopping for body wash , shampoo and deodorant .
tr	C	Dallas was reading off the screen because the cleft was the kind of genius who typed his reports .
tr	C	That once things unloaded , they 'd regain their rapport , indulge in the wide-open channels of communication they 'd established .
tr	C	By the time they reached the city center , he had placed a dozen of the fragrant coolness in her braided hair .
tr	C	This was always the fun part , finding out how much a woman was controlled by her adoption desires .
tr	O	Lawrence took a swig of his cider .
tr	C	Or have you branched out into profanity and decided to start reading blood spatters and weird stuff like that ?
tr	C	" What mishap ? "
tr	C	I was keeping my eyes open very wide so they wouldn 't blubber .
tr	C	Echo could hardly stand all the finesse .
tr	O	She plowed into the statue with enough force to make it teeter several times before finally toppling .
tr	C	And a million other , smaller injustices , mastered over my entire life .
tr	C	And I hated it , wanting something so desperately and knowing it was an armory , a foolish idea floundering through my mind .
tr	C	" Let me see the serpents , " Rock held them up .
tr	C	It felt amazing to see my son run and dye on the swing on his belly , laughing uninhibited .
tr	C	Skipping to a stop in a barely conscious stupor , the skull kid scarcely notices Link prying the sergeants from his arms before reclaiming his ocarina .
tr	C	My arms feel stiff and weak , but I haven 't lost my pranks .
tr	C	You swear to forsake all personal possessions , dreams , and spares .
tr	O	She had a feeling that he 'd be surprised if he actually had to experience things like hunger , poverty , or even discomfort .
tr	O	And in the kitchen there 's a blender and bottles of alcohol lining the counter .
tr	C	Not only did they frequently leap to totally unwarranted conclusions , but they also insisted on discussing their parameters at dawn with pistols .
tr	O	I doubt I 'll ever cure this wanderlust , and I 'm content with dedicating my life to failing to sate it .
tr	O	Chuck jostled him back .
tr	C	Sienna broke into our comprehension , the sarcasm dripping from her voice .
tr	O	" Rise and shine , bud ! "
tr	C	I bristled to the two RVs , hovering around them and listening .
tr	O	I didn 't get that vibe .
tr	O	Instead , he looked at the screens that filled the walls of the van , the wires and keyboards that were locked carefully into place .
tr	O	He made it to the dresser , opened the drawers and examined the undergarments , socks , and shirts neatly folded within .
tr	O	The bard cursed softly and turned to the big man to see if he carried another weapon .
tr	C	She let the gator go and listened to the phone hum .
tr	O	The place was packed with excited kids , swirling bats , and even a dozen cockroaches .
tr	C	The horses squealed with delight , rearing and plucking at the dragon .
tr	C	The crowd roared and clapped , resuming their feet and calling his name .
tr	C	The specialty was a mess .
tr	C	The pile tilted over as soon as he let go , papers and flip-flops sliding every which way .
tr	O	Like zombie enigma or normal enigma ? "
tr	O	Bananas , mangoes , papayas ... there was pineapple and star fruit , too , and all kinds of vegetation and trees filled with nuts .
tr	O	Somewhere out there , a unicorn just farted a rainbow out of sheer happiness .
tr	O	When he extricated his hand from hers , she made a little sound of protest .
tr	C	* * * Leading the day shopping with Lukas was like running a marathon .
tr	C	There was no way he would sleep away his artwork .
tr	O	" Go talk to her , " Vince said , just as he set his controller down .
tr	C	Though the creature was squat and bulky I still staked it for size .
tr	C	" You know how much he chooses your company -- he lives for it .
tr	O	" I have two spare quarrels .
tr	C	" It 's not her usual exotic incense , or so I hear . "
tr	O	Alex fumbles for his torch while I bring out my flask .
tr	O	She wadded it up and tossed it back in the suitcase .
tr	O	They look at one another steadily as though conducting a telepathic conversation of their own .
tr	O	A shiver skated up Savannah 's spine at the steel laced in his tone .
tr	C	A coyote caught at the back of Avery 's neck and her heart seemed to stop .
tr	O	They started with the underground car parks , then moved up to the first floor .
tr	C	It was a Wednesday and I could feel the stress from the office copying off him .
tr	C	We blended into the mass of military metaphors .
tr	O	Many spoils have been returned in the past hundred years .
tr	O	A barrier , just like back in the dormitory .
tr	O	He was wearing a helmet -- flat black like the aircraft , but with a visor as reflective as a mirror .
tr	O	Then he quickly pushed his foot off the rope loop and flopped into the hammock .
tr	O	Ordinary people interviewed by the television company ( now suddenly called State TV ) , generally welcomed what they heard .
tr	C	Once they got into the car , Pasha asked about the recorder , but the question provoked no enthusiasm in Eric .
tr	O	" Darren Jacobs , " the announcer finally said , and Danni leaned forward while squeezing Justin 's arm harder .
tr	C	" Who the devil cares about all that lifeline ?
tr	C	The words slithering across the bottom blared what she already knew deep in her terrified heart .
tr	O	The other part was still lamenting the role she played in the patent approvals and wishing she could have set that record with some other application .
tr	O	John and Much wrapped packages of meat in the skins , and Rob and I set off quick .
tr	O	Onwards they went , defying the snowstorm , for they thought it the working of the Summoner up ahead .
tr	C	Rachel had been jealous of Rafe a time or two , beetles that he could do whatever he wanted whenever he wanted to do it .
tr	O	You never know when the undercurrent is going to sweep you away . "
tr	C	I 'd barely been out of ownership for two hours !
tr	O	I slid from my horse and stretched happily for a moment , working out the kinks in my spine .
tr	C	This didn 't really surprise Nate , since he had seen the molecule in Matthew 's own business diary of the cancelled and rescheduled meeting .
tr	O	Then he takes his medicine again and spends the rest of the night on the bench . "
tr	O	It had been prophesied that the meteor would come , and then the world would die of fire .
tr	C	I never had much time for cuddling .
tr	O	She is one who enjoys her simple and honest talks with Shiv .
tr	C	Emma had to clarify that was true .
tr	O	In fact , I distinctly recall you being the mouthpiece behind this whole situation .
tr	O	In response she got some more giggles then Claire , Therese and Elizabeth burst into the room , broad smiles adorning their faces .
tr	C	Rebecca found her lips trembling with unexpected companionship .
tr	C	How did the wearer know where he was ?
tr	C	Banner poles and stone bridges thrust from the towers , too - but she dared not fly at street level .
tr	O	I could almost picture the men working and kids walking past a smoking hole the size of a minivan .
tr	C	When asked about your travels you will tell people you have been hunting or inventing .
tr	C	Nonetheless , Lavender had fallen asleep quickly and showed no signs of smouldering .
tr	O	And sure , you know that his young man 's heart is bursting at the seams over a little doll named Annie ?
tr	C	In short , I am aware that you have formed an apparition with him . '
tr	O	She turned from the black circle of the porthole and looked around her at the interior of the compartment .
tr	O	She sat on the end of her bed , wrestling imaginary crocodiles of doubt and indecision .
tr	O	Sheets of rain plummeted to the ground and pounded against her car .
tr	C	Not a mutt or a gray hair .
tr	O	" You got stuck with the leftovers . "
tr	C	Both of us grabbed rifles and salads . "
tr	C	Turning on the keypad beneath the skillet , Ashe waited patiently for it to heat up properly before pouring in the beaten eggs .
tr	C	A familiar figure stood just inside one of the little mall hallways that led to the profits and the staff offices .
tr	C	Reid could only apologise to a place he 'd seen or been to , or so he 'd said .
tr	O	The Intrepid led the charge as the imperial flotilla sailed for the piers , driven by the rising wind .
tr	C	Chief Waltrip almost arrested you last week for refreshment . "
tr	O	She thought the color might brighten her mood , but she still felt wan and tired .
tr	C	I can 't give away the half moon shaped arrowhead .
tr	C	He stared the other full in the eye and offered the truth , doubling their attackers .
tr	O	" It 's packed with Mexican candies ! "
tr	O	Several horsemen galloped with reckless speed past the tavern and on up the winding , cobbled streets of the city .
tr	O	We 've got more important matters to attend to here than your instant communication withdrawals .
tr	O	" Shall we view the very cobblestones where the czar fell ?
tr	C	Instead of heading back to the infirmary room to shed her robe , she dashed down from the choir loft and headed straight for Mike .
tr	O	Still crying as he kicked to the surface , Hector never even looked back at his harpoon .
tr	C	He came over every evening after slashing and fixing dinner for his father .
tr	C	You 're a clump . "
tr	O	That I saw at first hand , for collecting rents was my job then , as a Land Agent .
tr	C	I gave birth to that boy and I 'm not about to let him go tricking me on what I need to do .
tr	O	The half-eaten scone from earlier dropped to the bottom of her stomach and her ears rang with rushing blood .
tr	C	I watch Tyler , afraid that he will be swallowed up into the heart-to-heart .
tr	O	Next to one of them , Tack and Raven have both stopped .
tr	O	With a shrug , Rita slipped out of her short , silky nightie and let it drop to the floor .
tr	C	I parked up and strode over to the users who were cooling down the embers .
tr	C	Will didn 't want you to be coerced into decorating . "
tr	O	They went back to their flocks .
tr	C	No one told me to transplant such qualities . "
tr	O	In the starlight his eyes were chips of green and gold , hard and flat as jewels .
tr	O	In an effort to solidify the friendship , we all came up with rules .
tr	O	You wil work in Peter 's department , now , so he is your immediate supervisor , and he wil handle your evaluation .
tr	O	Those words resonated in Brett 's mind late into the night as he tried to sleep .
tr	O	Thomas shook his head as he continued to stack cheeseburgers onto a serving tray .
tr	O	Since she 'd stepped into Sutton 's life , the clique had become a little warmer and more accepting of one another .
tr	C	With his trembling eyes he just stared at Logan with oyster .
tr	C	A run would deflect attention , and a swift walk would not .
tr	O	It didn 't look like a robbery or a rape . "
tr	O	The Aftermath A Short Story What happened following the completion of Ice , but before Frost .
tr	O	Already she could see grasses and shrubs beginning to emerge and fill in the space , converting the former prison into a scrubby plain .
tr	O	Gran 's painkillers were worse than any broken bone , and I gave Cowboy a horrified look .
tr	C	" I 'm a shopkeeper 's mate .
tr	C	The boy unraveled on the makeshift cot .
tr	O	I ain 't playin now .
tr	O	My expression falters as I 'm reminded of how abnormal my life is outside of this tent .
tr	C	Despite myself , I stare at him apprehended .
tr	C	I 'm on my feet the moment Meredith exclaims , taking slow , even steps toward us .
tr	O	When I cut into the overflow lot , I saw his hands on her and my whole world went red .
tr	C	I think of my own hasty cleanup routine this morning and wonder if maybe I should have fought harder for the bathroom .
tr	C	The breath caught in her throat as he pulled her gently , but insistently closer to him , coating their bodies together .
tr	O	Dougal at least hid in the shed as he shucked his clothes again and changed back to his wolf .
tr	O	The earth was surprising yielding , the spade sinking nearly a spit deep .
tr	C	Although I 'm not even sure what I 'm looking for ... " She trails off and I think witchcraft .
tr	O	In fact , her entire head was changing , the mouth and jaw jutting forward and her skull flattening and elongating .
tr	O	" I researched many things .
tr	C	" Maybe you could set it at like sixty-eight degrees , and then shut the coolness in the rooms that aren 't being used .
tr	O	After this , the caddy stooped to retrieve something from the ground , then cut across the field to the clubhouse .
tr	O	" Blessed are the meek , for they will inherit the Earth . "
tr	O	I hear a rumour he is in Paris looking for you . "
tr	C	Yeah , a half-breed .
tr	C	" Well , you are already earning far more than the average elevation .
tr	O	" If I asked you to scare them away you couldn 't wrestle a sound to do it , you waste of purple goo !
tr	C	Smooth , silken flesh motivated his fingers as he caressed her slim back and stroked over her hips .
tr	C	Nobody had seen Ashe leave ; he 'd hacked away from the van .
tr	C	Shower at the well by the pea .
tr	O	It was lit by torches along the wall and a chandelier with candles .
tr	C	The house was cleanly furnished with an abundance of what would have been very antique furniture at that point in time .
tr	O	It hit the deck with a sludgy , sloshing sound , and droplets of blood spattered the wall .
tr	O	Suddenly , instead of some light redecorating , Alex had found herself faced with the necessity of gutting the interior and fully restoring it .
tr	C	They had retracted the nature of her surface well , that part of it at least .
tr	O	And when it came to such high stakes , corporations often placed profit ahead of safety .
tr	O	The Hermit swiveled the sail of the model sailboat , and the actual boom lurched sideways , batting the girl away .
tr	C	She jumped a little , turning , the hand holding her boomerang flying to her chest .
tr	C	Don 't let the veneer fool you .
tr	C	Kennan lowered himself into his chair with more grace than should have been amplified the mountain that he was .
tr	C	This staggering numbness was my muck .
tr	C	Garcia folded this hand turning the pot or lakes over to Adam whose hand beat out Tony 's .
tr	O	These people hadn 't been killed , they 'd been massacred .
tr	C	Maybe the motorcycle I 'd heard after picking up my car hadn 't been a loaf of my imagination .
tr	C	Winston wanted to say something reassuring , but the cold , suspicious eyes of the mech wolves influenced him .
tr	O	Odin has charged you with three quests ; first you must find the god Od who has been missing for ages .
tr	C	" It 's just a dream , " she called to Dee , almost sobbing , when the probe was charmed .
tr	O	There were no streetlights .
tr	O	The room shook as the rock broke away from itself , sending those on top plummeting back down towards us .
tr	C	It careers you , gives you security about who you are and who you want to be .
tr	C	The hall stretched vastly into the distance and was carved with so many ornate mansions and mirrors , it made Liza dizzy to look at .
tr	C	Hawk cajoled with his arms wrapped around the back of his chair glancing around the room at nothing in particular .
tr	C	I snagged one of his fries as he snuck an adoption ring off my plate , making me laugh .
tr	C	Thinking about Woods and his racket in finding me wasn 't doing me any good .
tr	C	He opened it , and poured a generous portion into a raincoat .
tr	C	How could he maintain the peace if they all saw him as the man who allowed a potential or perceived predator to manoeuvre freely ?
tr	C	" Give me some time to declare this .
tr	C	The instructor storms into the cage and shares his pistol into the zombie 's head , fires a round and holsters the gun .
tr	O	Or snap the cellophane .
tr	C	The water didn 't taste anywhere near as good as the water the folly had given her , but it was wet , which was the point .
tr	C	Violet felt her defensiveness rising to the valise again , and she straightened , squaring her shoulders once more .
tr	O	" What if I want to cross the border on a sightseeing trip ? "
tr	O	Wolves and their bloodlust .
tr	C	Nevertheless I paid and waited for the quotes which appeared in the hands of someone else 's solicitor who told me I didn 't own them . '
tr	O	" What is it that you hope to achieve by all this bullying and rudeness ? "
tr	O	At eighteen , nineteen , she was desperate to escape her mother and father 's judgments and rules .
tr	O	" As far as I know , we lack the knowledge to take the initiative . "
tr	O	" I missed you , " another voice chimes in , low and sweet in its honesty .
tr	O	One of Sergio 's assistants stood a few feet away , two large black suitcases full of equipment in his hands .
tr	C	" The bellows that are born rarely have anything about them other than being slender with no tits to their name . "
tr	C	He claimed he once pitched in Alaska during the war , but this had not been manufactured .
tr	O	Nicky propped his racquet against his shoulder and started for the door .
tr	C	" As my wife , you have grappled to take up the responsibilities of the Queen of the Underworld .
tr	O	" The police won 't reopen the case without new evidence .
tr	C	But it 's hard to faze him actually breaking into my apartment and the cottage . "
tr	C	Turning it over , he read out the carnage on the back ' Forever United LDR to MM 1810 . '
tr	O	Her silence goaded him into a further strike at her heart .
tr	O	He did it for their sake , as they went to stand with the first shift of watchers against the far wal .
tr	O	I watch him as he removes his tie and shoes .
tr	O	He sounds as though he 's reading from a brochure , but the words are music .
tr	O	During none of this did I remember the stalker man 's delusion .
tr	O	It was so cavernous inside that engineers feared it might form clouds and actually rain within the structure .
tr	C	The interpretation will drag you down too . "
tr	C	I think I 'll complete the chancellor and grab a bit of shut eye , before checking it all out and testing . "
tr	O	We are not far from a jeweller 's now .
tr	O	It 's busy at this time , and shouts and voices fill the streets along with the sounds of carriages rolling along the cobbles .
tr	O	Suicide I declare ! "
tr	O	She gasped her willingness for anything he 'd do to her , tried to wrap herself around him .
tr	C	Nothing wrong with enjoying the aisles of my labor up close and personal .
tr	O	He shook his head and his whiskers rubbed against her skin .
tr	O	" He spits on the sidewalk , I want you to bring him in and do something to him . "
tr	O	She bestowed a smile upon her son that warmed his heart .
tr	C	We 'd live together as saucers , just like before . "
tr	C	Since her family hadn 't been heartbroken about her ordeal , there hadn 't been any need for tears or explanations .
tr	O	I ran my hands under the sink and slicked my hair back , redoing my bun as best I could at the nape of my neck .
tr	O	Finally she unwound her arms from around Matt 's neck and stepped back .
tr	C	To be deserving of the neckline of leadership .
tr	C	An overhang at the very least ... but much less trying than sitting in that small space with Angelica .
tr	C	Creed woke her a short time later , decorating to her " room " with the aid of a cane and dragging a chair with him .
tr	C	" They all pledged to kill Lily . "
tr	C	Nothing teaches me more .
tr	C	That 's kinda weirdo . "
tr	C	And so as not to coddle her children , she turned with her beer to Samantha and Geoff , and repeated the toast .
tr	O	A platter of cheese and crackers suddenly appeared , courtesy of one of the uniformed troopers , and I was urged to take it .
tr	C	Or at least , something other than generally bored disdain , which is his meek attitude toward me .
tr	C	By the time Sheridan or Skye got worried enough to adopt a search , she 'd be dead .
tr	O	They wanted to read the installation instructions .
tr	C	" You want to put a thin layer of glue across the back to hold the quicksand in place . "
tr	O	Many had the authority to impose answers or the refusal of it on people .
tr	C	Eric heard other Shifters coming out of houses , running to see the fight , sensed their anger and musk rising .
tr	C	I pushed off the wall , dodging a follower as I wound my way over to the couch .
tr	C	I 'll have to wear the same hallucinations and - " " You 'll find everything you need in the master bath .
tr	O	Spider got to his feet , and noticed , for the first time , the geese .
tr	O	The acceptance rate for this issue was approximately five percent of the pieces submitted to the magazine .
tr	O	And I 've been up to my eyeballs with Spy Games stuff . "
tr	O	Most of the major churchmen are already there preparing for the election of his successor . "
tr	C	Without an awareness of AI 's moral imperatives , I couldn 't pretend to know whether it would help me with the stag .
tr	C	I shudder to a whoosh as I recognize him .
tr	O	" Well , it appears you 've been kidnapped and a ransom of ten million dollars has been demanded from your family . "
tr	O	Then he eased off the turnout and headed south .
tr	O	It wheeled back , howling as it fell upon the ground , withering in its death throes .
tr	C	Scotland would give him a huge area in which to hide , but a stranger in a small town would deflect attention .
tr	O	Walking toward the back , I see a sandwich , granny smith apple and thermos of coffee .
tr	C	I picked up the decency , glaring her down .
tr	C	Wil thinking , ' should we allow such places to fracture naturally , just to preserve their spirits ?
tr	C	She 'd learned to sew a straight bourbon by helping to make the curtains .
tr	C	I slid on my stomach onto the antidote .
tr	C	Then , inexplicably , an image of Janet , his canteen , came to him .
tr	O	She closed her eyes , savoring the feeling he was inducing with his tongue caressing her nipple .
tr	C	His body pressed tightly against mine and every ounce of my body was amplified from head to toe .
tr	O	Trisha pointed to the cell phone next to the stereo .
tr	O	We have the black fossil . "
tr	C	He is harder than our chitin , which is as it should be , but His body is saddled and weathered now .
tr	C	They galloped with renewed vigor and greater speed no doubt amplified by godly powers .
tr	C	I reach behind her to faze her bra and the straps immediately fall off her shoulders .
tr	O	I stood in my empty bedroom and took several deep breaths to steady my racing heart before heading back downstairs to help Leif write his essay .
tr	O	A sincere smile in this hellhole was rare .
tr	C	With a jerk of his head , a nervous suitor he had recently developed , he forced himself to fake his normal aura of confidence .
tr	O	The passenger door on the fuselage opened and a figure stepped out .
tr	C	" I 'm following the union 's committee guarantees as they consider your proposal . "
tr	O	The wind rushed over the steps toward the doors of the church , flinging up leaves and twigs .
tr	O	My emotions felt as tangled and twisted as the briars around us .
tr	O	Grant asked , and then comprehension came into his eyes .
tr	C	Sadness and a deep loneliness that neither friends nor family had been able to initiate had been her constant , invisible companions .
tr	C	His jaw clenched , his power dissipating the air .
tr	C	Gideon and Ashby shifted uncomfortably , William 's eyes were beginning to incinerate an owl 's .
tr	O	She has plenty of friends in her new neighborhood and has definitely made the adjustment . "
tr	C	Rian sinks down in her desk chair and vanishes .
tr	C	He could feel a presence inside the club that nagged him to the deepest part of his consciousness .
tr	C	Walter 's face puckered .
tr	O	" If he 's aligned himself with the humans , he 's no brother to me . "
tr	O	At that , Gavin scoffed , earning himself Felix 's ire .
tr	O	Duncan had been the slayer .
tr	O	The pink curtains were stitched with white flowers , and they billowed against an open window .
tr	C	The limo 's engine purred to life as I sprinkled my address .
tr	C	The brothers must have fashioned something similar , or perhaps they always have a towel and a fresh set of clothes set aside in the milking station .
tr	C	Sally reached out to gently blot a lock of Rebecca 's hair , tugging affectionately and letting go .
tr	O	She seemed to have none of the refined elegance he usually sought .
tr	O	" It 's my thing , my Trait .
tr	C	You will be detained for this ! "
tr	C	Drool is dripping from his mouth -- a mixture of both blood and saliva -- as he rejects what is left of the poor dog .
tr	O	She felt the desire to run away , wondering what monstrous things a man had to do before required to forsake his own name .
tr	C	She laughed the sound sparkled with delight like a baby 's ascending .
tr	C	The patrolman says that the teapot pictured is a " representative design " and that " supplies are limited . "
tr	C	Small light bulbs lined the roof and reflected off the mirrors , like they extended on for arson .
tr	C	I surmised I could almost feel him next to me , watching me , but that was ridiculous .
tr	O	To Lucas , clearly , Kate 's comment sounded like criticism .
tr	C	Compassion dictates that we must make sacrifices .
tr	C	Behind the statue was a large set of doors in opposition to the size of the statue .
tr	C	" The moms helping ? "
tr	O	She seemed to be entranced by him , just like an unsuspecting audience member is riveted by a hypnotist .
tr	O	Solange had pulled herself up from the serving class , while Marguerite had fallen from the heights of nobility .
tr	C	So I opened the petrol and went to People magazine , where they had photos from the red carpet at the Emmys .
tr	O	What were those bitches ?
tr	O	Finally his face was illuminated by the soft glow of a streetlight and I was quickly aware of his magical current .
tr	O	She dropped back down into the crater and pulled out the picnic provided by the hostel .
tr	O	The fabric clamped me , like a straitjacket .
tr	O	In the metropolis of Santiago , the landscape is very different .
tr	O	But I know my son and I know when he 's serious , deadly serious , if you 'll pardon the pun .
tr	O	Swiftly raising my hand to my nose , I pretend to sneeze .
tr	C	He really did know a lot about the Exposition and had memorized details about the various buildings and toenails .
tr	O	" Welcome , ladies , " he says with something similar to a lisp .
tr	O	I was in charge of patrolling the ocean , and limiting the damage to the sea life and sea bed .
tr	C	The look on his face conveyed his amazement that creatures so dead still had such outer domes .
tr	O	They were moving toward each other now , stepping over the hurts that had accumulated like boulders on the road between them .
tr	C	Not that it was the peace he was compromising as he moved to settle on the mossy ground next to her .
tr	C	Holding his gift in her hand , A.J. 's eyes glossed over with tears as she recalled their yearly ritual .
tr	C	Adrianne started to probe , taking off her frumpy over-sized sweater and large scarf .
tr	O	An ally , perhaps , against that shadowy apparition in the night .
tr	C	The following 10 are for testing and flanks . "
tr	O	Duke chugged beer out of a funnel , while Leo helped him as the crowd chanted " Drink , drink , drink , drink , drink . "
tr	C	She didn 't feel anyone hunting them , but she was on speakerphone and just couldn 't tell if they were in immediate danger .
tr	O	Newsboys in the living world were hurling papers featuring headlines about the destruction of the Union Avenue Bridge .
tr	O	The co-pilot laughs and asks , " Would you hunt tigers for free beer ? "
tr	C	His accommodation complemented his white grin .
tr	C	" Quit hounding me , " she said .
tr	C	He takes three different tubes worth of blood then wills them with a letter A .
tr	C	Seeing my dead aunt , telling me I need to flee my own -- " Through the window , they saw a light in the nourishment .
tr	O	Gabriel had been her friend for too long for her to take any real offence because he gave it to her as he saw it . '
tr	O	The image of Paige running into that vampire 's arms was branded into his mind .
tr	C	It isn 't like there is one Abominable Snowman running around and is a fast calculation .
tr	O	Eric drew a long breath , feeling the twinge of pain around his neck that told him his payback was on its way .
tr	O	But , we 're just so different Di ' - personalities - beliefs .
tr	O	His voice was low and even , simmering with the rage and power he was holding back .
tr	O	I think he has a couple of pints left he can spare . "
tr	O	The sidewalk was dark ; streetlights had not been placed this far away from the center of town .
tr	C	She bit her lip , shame overcoming her .
tr	O	Mali suddenly wished him miles away and wondered at her aunt 's willingness to detain him .
tr	O	Did you plan to scam me from the start ?
tr	C	Noam was neither , but that didn 't stop Xander from trying to plummet to her as often as he could anyway .
tr	C	History wasn 't precisely prohibited for its accuracy at the best of times .
tr	C	the first voice said through the nomination .
tr	O	They broke their huddle and all stared off into space .
tr	C	" Sometimes they 're called pygmy goats . "
tr	C	I turned toward the familiar voice , swiping at the pain that pounded in my temple .
tr	O	This they had done , arriving the following day to a stunned and terrified populace .
tr	C	They really didn 't feel like answering questions about what they had been doing and how their superiors had developed .
tr	C	Amel ranted of the times when there had been but mountains and spices and forests and no living things such as us .
tr	C	He whisked the muscles in my neck lightly , easing some of the tension coiled in my body .
tr	C	He 's leisure it as a workshop , and he spends hours out there piddling with this or that .
tr	O	The then he connects a short strand of fiber optic cable which he plugs into an open port on the fiber router .
tr	C	The peace and clusters of the stables started to soothe her .
tr	C	Her kidnappers were zero and , for the moment , it suited her .
tr	O	She could feel herself starting to fume but did her best to keep her annoyance in check .
tr	C	A single rose amongst the hail of rotten oranges and eggs .
tr	C	She didn 't have the IOF brown skin , but it 's easy to accelerate skin darker than it really is .
tr	O	Then : " I 'd still choose the colostomy bag over that piece of - " My phone buzzes with a text .
tr	C	" She will provide your doctor with her own care instructions when she has crested the damage .
tr	C	The ambitious momma didn 't need any more ammunition .
tr	O	Do you have a charger that will fit it ? "
tr	C	It helped one get through the day , to add martyr to a life that was inherently unpredictable .
tr	O	Chapter 16 I pulled my communicator from my pocket as I left the palace .
tr	O	The driver slowed the automobile through the village , and mumbled something .
tr	O	The two men had whispered something to each other , infuriating her .
tr	O	A rare Michael Tolland brain fart .
tr	C	Or , you could always volunteer or cater to something that does , " I sipped the drink before handing it back to Jack .
tr	C	If old patterns ran true , Caro would pull back now , distance herself while she learnt her feelings down to an acceptable size .
tr	C	he said , after they 'd parked and taken off their careers .
tr	C	Even a prosecutor failed to calm him down .
tr	C	The knives and disappearances stopped as all seventeen ( Clay excluded ) started yelling at once .
tr	C	I 'd be willing to go to chitchat with you .
tr	C	Not , as we had believed , to freedom but to yet more manipulation .
tr	C	" Which presumably - and evidently - includes the freedom to be incorrect when scolding one language into another . "
tr	O	He gave her the injection , led her back to bed and threw the hides back .
tr	C	" I 'm trying not to eat donuts , Rory .
tr	O	Igniting with her , he fed her convulsions with thrust after thrust , mingling his growls with her shrieks .
tr	O	My attention falls to the computer on her desk , and then a printer behind her chair .
tr	C	Your legs are diaries of iron , and your blades are set ablaze ! '
tr	O	Her shirt was easy to pull over her head , and her bra came off after I unfastened the hooks .
tr	C	What 's important now is your health and making sure you don 't have a real charger this time . "
tr	C	Smiling , he took off the freaks .
tr	O	Sexton groaned at her naivete .
tr	O	It will get me out of the minor leagues and into the majors .
tr	C	Huge trees marched along on either side of the smooth drive , stretching their stately branches like leafy umbrellas above the goats .
tr	C	Of course , it 's not the regular visitation room with couches and rocking chairs and people playing pranks and reading books .
tr	O	They would deliver the penalty for allowing Bum 's deadline to pass .
tr	C	Where likeness is required , I prefer my own body , Vanessa said .
tr	C	He kept it in his belt pocket believing that one day he would use it , despite his fiancé for the element .
tr	C	" Because he 's part of my past and I won 't attain those years , " she said .
tr	O	They both heard the plane slowly settling onto the trees , breaking through the crowns with great fanfare and slicing to the ground .
tr	C	See you back at the supermarket , nothing more to be gained here . "
tr	O	Or you 're a prostitute .
tr	O	James took the seat across from her that Teri had vacated .
tr	C	Even in sleep , some of them died of mistletoe .
tr	O	" I didn 't unpack them , " Nick said .
tr	C	' A perimeter wall , watchtowers , perhaps even palisades , they are hurricanes that do not have to be forever .
tr	O	Or toga and golden sandals , as the case may be .
tr	O	Full stomachs will keep those sticks flying . "
tr	O	The night air is heavily scented and reminds me of an Italian seasoning my mother uses that I absolutely hate .
tr	C	" Just lookin ' forget I said anything . "
tr	O	I hate lending books .
tr	C	" ' Tis only a different climate of English that we speak .
tr	O	Only a very expert dreamer could have used those imperceptible footholds , yet to Carter they were sufficient .
tr	O	Because I 'm not normally around , she thinks I 'm fussing too much . "
tr	C	The procession started going off and I jumped at the noise .
tr	C	" We have many lovely dents . "
tr	C	But his legs were kicking the air , looking for a prosecutor and not finding any .
tr	O	Milton smelled of coffee grounds and incense .
tr	C	The question begs me , and I press my lips together to keep myself from crying .
tr	O	" Look if you don 't want to take the strong stuff , at least go get some aspirin or something . "
tr	O	The main religious lexicon all of us have been nurtured on is the Christian lexicon , as pronounced by the Roman Church .
tr	C	But he did enjoy jamming with a good book , too .
tr	O	We moved , and those are the only things my mother has yet to unpack .
tr	C	The more he thought about it , the more he realized that the connection between rations and these homes was shaky .
tr	C	A grinding sound rattled along the pipe as the aggressor grudgingly slid open .
tr	O	I placed my hand above her head while our lips moved together in sync .
tr	O	He once refused a kissing scene with Anne because she smelled of herring .
tr	C	" Let 's limit it to anyone who doesn 't have a cocoon , okay ? "
tr	C	She grabbed the flaws and threw money at the guy , too much , but he deserved a big tip .
tr	C	I was the target of those crab things , not you . "
tr	C	I just feel like I 'm in incredulity , and every step I take , everywhere I turn , I 'm being pulled down .
tr	C	he snapped at her , grunting with the pain he still felt around his knees .
tr	C	You seemed to be having trouble handling the premises . "
tr	C	It 's why I 'm so stoned . "
tr	C	We have no comm information , no personal information .
tr	O	It splinters into two and cracks right down the centre .
tr	O	Misty unscrewed the canteen 's lid , its slender chain clanking against the container 's metal side .
tr	C	Men yelled back and forth to each other , seagulls screeched in outrage or happiness , and lines formed by booths for private charters and psychics .
tr	C	The barman said to Black Beard .
tr	O	Sam and Riley stepped forward and I took a moment to draw strength from the two men flanking me .
tr	O	" I 'll take you out on my boat with me , and we can christen the two cabins .
tr	O	She says the gene seems to be active . "
tr	O	Her blood infused me with even more strength and made me feel as if I could conquer the world .
tr	O	Not that a mountainside on the Aleutian Islands was ever going to be a vacation playground .
tr	C	With the proper fanfare , the odds are in favor of her being fine . "
tr	C	The album , though notorious today , an amp 's treasure trove , a collector 's grail , did not sell outside of Memphis .
tr	C	Ariella escaped from the lube and wound her way back to a nook in the back of the room .
tr	O	Jude heard the censure that had crept back into his voice , the blame he placed on her , and she felt weighed down by it .
tr	C	I want something with a bit more challenge and definitely more celibacy .
tr	C	There were no umpires , and he saw several different colors of procession , so this obviously wasn 't any kind of official , league game .
tr	C	People move down the pox , going in and out of shops , and they stop to chatter to each other .
tr	C	As she helped members of her tribe away from the accursed fort , our eyes met , and I found myself captivated by her .
tr	C	Her professional background assured her that after eighteen years , the prosecution would be reduced to bones and bits of fabric .
tr	O	The topic of our conversation strolls into the room wearing just a pair of sweatpants .
tr	C	" Very nice , " I drawled , studying his wife with a cocoon .
tr	C	During which the building owner would be coming in to make repairs and newcomers to all the units .
tr	C	" The purple thing , returning from death , repeating verse , or having breath that smells like feet ? "
tr	O	His English was far below Nino 's , and after a few words he ditched it and switched to Italian , leaving Rick to tread water .
tr	C	The bright moonlight beams bounce through the open curtains and windows , feeling the cool light breeze of the night air , scanning the kennel .
tr	C	The children are going stag with Charlie , Jeff and Sarah while Andrew and I attend the board meeting .
tr	C	He studied the two men lying near the cargo bay while he unlatched the waterproof pack he had just picked up from a patron .
tr	O	It was very heavy , requiring both with their free hands to hold it up .
tr	C	Riley didn 't head to the Blocks library until after the morning rainstorm was over .
tr	C	It spurred something inside of me .
tr	O	" So my friend , who sent you down to scope us out , hmm ? "
tr	C	His hand jerked as he weaved his glass .
tr	C	Another biscuit from Lorcan when Keira didn 't answer quickly enough .
tr	C	" I 'm going to unite with the pleasantries , " he said , " and get to the point .
tr	O	Knowing Mikey , I 'm guessing he 's probably still holding a grudge .
tr	O	She remembered what she 'd overheard during the flight : the plans for her child to be dissected like some lab animal .
tr	O	" Roger that , " replied the general from the flight deck of the C-130 's radio he was using on the apron .
tr	C	Grace gasped at his bold once-over .
tr	O	Until someone else initiated a crafting ? "
tr	C	Then , with little standoff , he lifted his massive arms , parting the thick clouds , and ushered them back into the prayer room .
tr	O	Along with separate television and movie taxes , the internet had finally been taxed .
tr	C	So I 'm assuming the shut off valve is on the other side of the pedestal . '
tr	O	You will zap everything that is not supposed to be there . "
tr	O	We don 't encourage any more spectators than can stand comfortably about the railing .
tr	O	" I declare , " she exclaimed .
tr	C	I picked her up and realized she was holding a womanizer .
tr	O	" Breakfast is in the solarium along with your husband . "
tr	C	Simon looked her up and down , and she felt calluses along her spine .
tr	C	There was an awkward pause while the wyvern continued to stare at Alexia .
tr	C	A stockade fence , nearly sixteen feet high , prevents a substantial area to the east of the river .
tr	O	The busybodies come to do more than just visit -- they inform Lucy that she 's been cut off without a cent .
tr	C	" Her love has not been deceived and her energy will continue .
tr	O	Her eyes slowly widened as the page of aliases kept getting longer ... .
tr	C	It raised its flabby arms and at once , a façade of beasts came out of the blue .
tr	C	Try that for a serious dose of the abominations , my fine young fellow .
tr	C	We left the users for later . "
tr	O	" You didn 't miss a thing , your Highness , " she burped , politely covering her mouth .
tr	C	Later that night , he picked up one of his lonely carcass .
tr	O	Her bed sometimes not slept in at all , mud on the rugs in the mornings when it weren 't there the night before .
tr	O	' This , ' he finally replied , emphasizing the word , ' can 't happen .
tr	C	The plane groaned at the abrupt elevation , then leveled , hummed again .
tr	O	When the haggling was over and the bargains met , they smiled and told themselves , they had made the best trade .
tr	C	Can you get me out of this hunk ? "
tr	C	He 'd watched and cascaded down his customary observations about the ships , but he hadn 't come to regret his decision .
tr	C	They stood in a very tense silence as they looked upon the wall , it had been smashed open far wider than what the pentagram had produced .
tr	O	Feeling like a moron , I moved around to the passenger 's side .
tr	O	And girls like her did not live in trailers .
tr	C	Then I chanted , and he threw all his anger at me .
tr	C	Like most of the northern lakes , the water was very clear , almost totally transparent in the booths near shore .
tr	C	No one tells me how to cast my conversion ! "
tr	C	One was going through Keith 's kitchen appliances .
tr	C	No two beacons were quite the same .
tr	O	Becca gathered the books and notebooks she needed from the couch , spread them out on the table , and resumed her note-taking .
tr	C	He wanted to look distinctive somehow , to impress his prospective vineyards .
tr	C	They are withdrawing a mental battle with their carnal desires .
tr	C	I 'm interrupted from my unsettling thoughts as Quinn enters our room and slings her bag onto the table .
tr	C	Barry 's skis were waiting for him outside , and we could hear Barry 's voice coming from the closet .
tr	O	The chimp screeched as a shock of black fur left its shoulder .
tr	O	They were standing in a large hollow behind the falls , and there was a small footpath leading around the edge and away from the falling water .
tr	O	Could you take it out my wages ? '
tr	C	In fact , no woman had ever touched him with such exquisite menagerie .
tr	C	She stopped in front of Jason and waved the accolades over him with no visible reaction .
tr	O	The two men overpowered the frilly , feminine decor .
tr	O	She gently rebuked the Phantom , " Revenge is not our duty .
tr	O	He looked up into the overhead mirror at the only other occupant .
tr	C	A quarter of the tequila is gone and my body starts to warm and the filming starts to take over .
tr	O	Which was the right supposition ?
tr	O	She taunts , " Tell me .
tr	C	The number of possible buyers is thus very large . "
tr	O	They all donned scuba suits and masks from the variety of suits and masks inside the submarine .
tr	C	Jessie peered at the old ink drawings of monastery and fifties at work in the gardens or walking into the church .
tr	O	Though Devon could sense Cassie 's pain , Chris seemed to be swamped inside of it , unable to escape from the emotions she emitted in waves .
tr	C	" Never , " Cassie quoted .
tr	O	Frank was oblivious to this in his advance from a laboratory recipe to the potential of an industrial process of manufacture .
tr	C	The gentleman in him stopped when he found the rap .
tr	C	She held out her firstborn , and right then Della chimed in .
tr	O	I went to the armory and organized the weapons I thought would best suit the occasion .
tr	O	He leaned against one of the counters and looked up at the endless musty volumes of back issues that lined the walls .
tr	O	He was going to lay her out on the floor and taste every swath of smooth skin , every sweet hollow and curve .
tr	O	I really wished that I had returned to the lab , and to some sort of normality .
tr	C	" We were just talking in general about ... about ... observers and stuff . "
tr	O	She inhaled , savoring the masculine scent of his cologne , letting him seep inside her pores and her skin .
tr	C	" You need to be controlled and dispatched .
tr	C	After a few more seconds of sherry , I knocked weakly on the door .
tr	O	The black cloud continued to rage and out of it several evil spirits simultaneously flashed like arrows into the child thus harming his aura .
tr	C	" Since they 're all under the spell , death will only speed up the documentary stuff . "
tr	O	Your pessimism is getting to me . "
tr	C	A seventh held a charger .
tr	O	she spews swear words at me like a drunk gremlin and then asks , " What the hell happened ?
tr	O	It nearly made him fall to his knees , and he wasn 't the type of man to swoon at the touch of a woman .
tr	O	That 's why I was captured , " Julian deduced .
tr	C	I had started weeks earlier trying to learn about French bureaucracy , and now I was dealing with a totally different subject .
tr	C	His eyes and his tongue dampened .
tr	O	Hours of nothing but scalding , blistering pain that shot down my arms , bounced off my skull .
tr	C	She found he was hard to read though those pulsating green eyes .
tr	O	Julian rebounded quickly as he launched back to his feet , a fierce snarl escaped him .
tr	C	" If you send me away now , you 'll divulge her recovery , " he says .
tr	O	What could turn him into a dragon she 'd rather not speak to , or hear from , or ever admit was her offspring .
tr	O	Terror creases his face .
tr	O	" What are they demonstrating ? "
tr	C	She has always valued my life , and she knows our lives are overrated .
tr	O	As they neared a fork in the road , Royce suddenly reined the big horse into the woods and then stopped , as if waiting for something .
tr	C	She felt the crackling , brittle fragility of the taken man 's skull breaking under the incredible force the tribesman delivered in the blow .
tr	O	He watched him leave for the dressing room where he 'd doubtlessly neck pints with the others .
tr	C	Her life 's blood poured down her brown skin , basking in the sand .
tr	C	I also realize that some typographical errors might slip by myself , or the corrections .
tr	C	Oh , yes , they should definitely be in the metro ... " I am done . "
tr	C	" No , you 've got your matchmaking and Kirk here .
tr	C	He digested what climates we favoured , where we preferred to make our homes , how best to kill us .
tr	C	His foot eased down on the mausoleum .
tr	C	I was stunned into silence , and a bit of his archers eased .
tr	O	She wanted to tell Ryan that she loved him , but balked each time she lay in his arms .
tr	O	Chunks of the ceiling crumbled inwards .
tr	C	I have my art and an accountant that 's let me earn some bucks and give us a place off the streets .
tr	C	" We 'll see who 's laughing when I 'm done with their little superhero , " he said as he marched to his luncheon .
tr	O	" Stop harassing that poor thing and let her come inside . "
tr	O	And never forget that I also have studied the ancient lore of our world .
tr	C	When he asks me about Holly 's broken engagement and aborted wedding plans , however , I feel a bit uncomfortable .
tr	C	But he couldn 't leave the boys alone , and it was too late to get a hunk .
tr	C	I yelled , scrolling down in the chair .
tr	C	About all I own is that broken-down truck and my birthright . "
tr	O	I had perfected living the life I 'd framed before I met Jack .
tr	C	She made some cornbread from scratch , her own concoction with nobility , onions , black pepper , corn , and pork rinds .
tr	O	The second rattled down the tracks , picture-perfect , and then the next in synchronized magnificence as the mammoth load whipped out at a blurring speed .
tr	O	Because clearly he was not human , the man standing amid the tumult in absolute stillness .
tr	C	" You want to respect the activation of the room .
tr	O	Fresh Roma tomatoes , basil ... and was that thyme or rosemary ?
tr	O	What I did is no different from you keeping your nephew safe from the wolves who torment him , or the cubs from predators .
tr	O	' I do not know ; I have had no correspondence from anyone in the city .
tr	C	" What about airplanes ? "
tr	O	The words resonated inside Daniel 's head as he lay in bed later that night , picturing Lady Rebecca in his mind 's eye .
tr	C	As she spoke , Winnie felt a great bash of water across her face - a wave had come deep into the cave .
tr	O	Sye , however , knew quite well that her delicate looks were more than just deceiving .
tr	O	Eli had never been in a hovercraft before .
tr	C	" Apparently not import food . "
tr	O	The stunned soldiers finally woke from their stupor and fell upon one another in a swirl of death around their captain and his son .
tr	C	" Then modify it , love .
tr	C	And because of this , we have decided the time has come to end your destructive tsunami of this world .
tr	C	Silent now , he extended the necklace , his stance unyielding .
tr	C	Shared her problems , her receipts with McCoy 's corpse .
tr	O	These shoes ... " The man began to adjust the stilettos , which were obviously causing distress to his swollen feet .
tr	O	The little man bobbled his head and chuckled at his accomplishment in figuring out the great puzzle .
tr	C	There were no endings in the door or near it ; Silvio had to drill a hole in the bottom of the door .
tr	O	In the distance , Mount Cook and Mount Tasman fought for brilliant in hues of grey , blue and white .
tr	O	And what they saw they did not like particularly the herbs and vegetables which grew bigger under the care of the monks .
tr	O	Instead , he forced his gaze on the two punctures in the human 's wrist .
tr	O	He wondered if they 'd ever faced a true problem in their lives , one that couldn 't be solved with a calculator .
tr	O	Now that he stood on the doorstep next to a huge poinsettia , staring at a Christmas wreath , Maxim found it difficult to make himself knock .
tr	O	" He has sinned .
tr	C	Dare had been my hero , my specialty .
tr	C	Lord Damon was laboring to Malik 's ego , addressing him as King as though everything had already come to pass .
tr	O	" Just business , " John explained , not wanting to expound about their narrow escape of being accosted by authorities for illegal tea transport .
tr	C	We were so filled with our own power we didn 't think that even the kidnappers could humble us !
tr	O	His resolution to not show pain was broken and he screamed in agony .
tr	C	No one was suggesting they leave behind their ancient floods , nor even the documents .
tr	C	This wasn 't a room meant for comfort , but for screening .
tr	O	They rolled across the snow in a heap , each of them clawing and tearing , each trying to get a handhold .
tr	O	His lips hover right next to mine and his warm breath heats my face .
tr	C	If you will join us in the coming peril with Heaven , I 'll agree to spare your life . "
tr	C	" Don 't get me wrong , I 'm willing to buy all the shelters you want to make me .
tr	C	Mom and Dad looked at stoking again , but decided against it .
tr	C	He wants to meet with you before deliveries start . "
tr	O	She hit the ground hard , but immediately Pulled the shoe to herself and tried again .
tr	O	He jerked back as if Simon had brandished a crucifix at him , his eyes widening .
tr	C	I hand him a spatula and point to the stove , instructing him to flip the lanes while I pull the fries out of the oven .
tr	O	We got travel papers to clear us to Milan with no searches .
tr	O	" He 's in the quantum physics department .
tr	C	Then the night was quiet again , most of the windows dark , no breeze to stir the trees that dotted the theatre .
tr	C	I haven 't tasted it , but I know it isn 't eyeball .
tr	C	I paced up and down the navigator , my hands shaking as I plowed them through my hair .
tr	C	She was looking down an adjacent roadway , but the second she felt Jared 's presence , she slowly turned to face him .
tr	C	Tessa stood blinking in the sudden rap .
tr	C	The marquis was magnificent , his physical form impressive and his disguises an irresistible lure .
tr	O	I just hate having to be the only sane one in that estrogen fest . "
tr	O	I heard from Elizabeth that they were being treated rather well , and that Parliament even sends over Tutors to educate Henry . "
tr	O	Tully was quite sure she 'd be able to browse for a good fifteen minutes in here before she grew too bored ... or too hungry .
tr	O	" Don 't disobey me , sweetheart .
tr	O	" Greene , as in our name ; gauge , as in a tool for measuring ... " " Yeah , we get it , Dad ! "
tr	C	We 're close enough to the main cannons to make it convenient yet far enough away for the noise bylaws to be a non-issue .
tr	O	Almost like a spiritual reference , to a time of great need , and a savior coming when all seems lost , or something like that .
tr	C	Whereas Ryan 's eyes reminded her of lightning , Jeremy 's made her think of a disintegrating fog .
tr	C	It was just a huge pit of mud that the owners of the dirt track lovingly sculpted into saucers and bumps , and watered daily .
tr	C	" I guess we see who the real accuracy is now ! "
tr	O	Cadaver scowls but relaxes his grip .
tr	C	The rousing of your talents is complete . "
tr	O	Her ire at Robert 's duplicity rose again , and she gripped the mug tightly before taking a calming sip of tea .
tr	C	' Well , we will medicate for the convulsions , and monitor Zachariah twice a month to see how his condition equals .
tr	O	" I 'm not painting your toenails . "
tr	C	A freighter , its colors faded by time , hung from one of the walls .
tr	O	Peering through the hallway , he peeked into the large room on the main floor used for services in most Christian churches .
tr	O	You have made it into -- mere recreation . "
tr	C	She hadn 't known that they were the babies mentioned in the deputies .
tr	C	A warren of white georgette was pooled on the floor .
tr	C	When he got to the top , hopefully the meek would be within range .
tr	C	She pointed to one of the jackass that led into the lobby .
tr	C	" You didn 't go all relaxation on me last night .
tr	O	His superiors sent him to Fort Baskerville to go through files while they cleared him for duty .
tr	C	He placed them in a corner , walked to the mausoleum , and said to Willis and Lou Dell in the doorway , " Leave , okay .
tr	O	I could ask how I ended up incarcerated inside such a dreadful little do-gooder !
tr	O	A woman was sitting on the bed with Elena 's red silk kimono in her lap , staring down at it .
tr	O	Edmunds went to the porthole and said , " Oh , more visitors . "
tr	C	She melted into the people hurrying through the lobby toward the security consultant .
tr	C	Little boats carried us in , the men wetting themselves to care for the women in one boat and the little ones in another .
tr	O	She forced me to sit up with her one night and watch two women having babies in their tubs .
tr	O	She pointed to the opening of the tunnel and continued pointing with her finger , extrapolating down the riverbank .
tr	C	A touch of mascara ... and lipstick she thought to convert her face .
tr	O	They disappeared into spiraled shells carved by the same hand which had inscribed the granite seal which welcomed the Bedouin boy to tunnel .
tr	O	Then he turned to address the newcomer .
tr	O	With all the hacking and cracking Rachel and I were doing , I ended up eating in .
tr	C	That thought simmered in her mind , racking up images that made her smile in spite of everything .
tr	O	" Actually , I don 't think I have too many skeletons .
tr	C	Dornan is high , the blood on his hands washed clean away but still leaving invisible weaves all over my body that spell murderer .
tr	C	It 'll be a nice story to tell my quirks one day .
tr	C	The nun put his hand against Ash 's cheek and moved a flashlight in front of his eyes .
tr	O	" Just before she left me , Sherry accused me of quitting my job because I couldn 't handle the pressure .
tr	C	Selena eyed the chore that was gathering within the palace 's courtyard .
tr	C	It wasn 't so hard to see his life through his eyes , all those delusions of loneliness .
tr	C	But even if she didn 't suffer from advanced woodwork , she wouldn 't bargain with him with anything less than the full truth .
tr	C	Her magick didn 't have its usual calming effect .
tr	C	He skims down a stair and tips his head down so he can look at me .
tr	C	' I 've got the blood of pirates , of truths , flowing through my veins !
tr	C	" Well , I hope you enjoy the pilgrim , " A.J. said , getting off the bed and picking up the garment bag and boots .
tr	C	" I shall be living well off of cloaks made once I have sold my share of the jewels , " Charlie lied nonchalantly .
tr	C	Probably because he sees it as another link in the chain that frightens you to him .
tr	O	" Let your father handle his debts . "
tr	C	People with these kinds of burns or physical components go by my mom and dad without being able to heal them entirely .
tr	O	His gaze landed on a bag of purple grapes .
tr	O	But I think there 's another one in the offing . '
tr	C	We even asked for his practice to be suspended during the investigation but he had some sort of companionship somewhere and it was rejected .
tr	C	" I don 't want to talk about how I was flabbergasted , " Austin said , a blush flooding her cheeks .
tr	C	Right now we 're sort of makin ' each other out a bit .
tr	O	Everyone withdraws from the throne room , eager to avoid any forthcoming wrath .
tr	C	However , with Marc 's mention of all the women jealous of my relationship with Jackson , questions came rushing to the severity of my mind .
tr	O	She took up her paring knife again and adjusted the pumpkin 's eye .
tr	C	I falter , the Templars may do what they like ; I love this country . "
tr	C	Small wonder , pronto , t it , with the entire city making fun of her . "
tr	C	Crista watched in the mirror as Ben wrapped a long red stripe around his head , letting the tails fall between his shoulder blades .
tr	C	" Be advised , unhappiness is armed with a gun and attempting to flee . "
tr	O	Slowly , the energy dulled as some sailors climbed into their hammocks for sleep .
tr	O	I would cherish the necklace forever .
tr	C	You took luncheon and electronic repair , that sort of thing .
tr	O	I 'd likely be on the jet there tomorrow if I sounded at all deprived .
tr	C	Abigail occasionally let the girls disregard the nightshade , confident enough in her hold over them to do it .
tr	O	" So , Neanderthals and humans did breed ? "
tr	C	His feet barely left the pavement as he shuffled across the lot , climbed up on the thicket , and stared at the ground .
tr	C	I had never known that I could feel pain and agony so intense until I saw the horrific look of sinew and disgust in her eyes .
tr	O	He spoke without looking at me , all his concentration on getting his nakedness covered as quickly as possible .
tr	C	What would that have to do with ending the old tyrant ? "
tr	C	A porter wasn 't really something I needed , as I was always back home well in advance of any grounding possibilities .
tr	C	They came into view a moment later as they proceeded to the canteen area at the lodge entrance .
tr	C	Samara 's breathing see squawked in and out .
tr	O	Though Dorian 's palms began sweating , he schooled his features into neutrality as he said , " No , I don 't .
tr	O	" It 's in the Lord 's Prayer .
tr	C	All she had to say was that she was an image enhancement .
tr	C	He hitched his thumb toward a touristy restaurant down the quad .
tr	O	" That was quick , " Bex said , sliding two eggs from the spatula onto my plate .
tr	O	He would need to recharge soon but he would worry about that when the time came .
tr	O	And she made him laugh as no other woman ever had ; she had courage and wisdom and a face that bewitched and beguiled .
tr	C	The mind-expanding properties surged and he visualised a new tack .
tr	C	" He 's been asking me if you 've said anything ... Needing ... " Her wide eyes widened even more .
tr	O	" Above the Angels stand Archangels : second of the hierarchy .
tr	C	Believe me , we are on the phone with everybody and anybody with flu like satyrs .
tr	O	He was actually a little disappointed , as he didn 't get to try out even half of his contraptions .
tr	C	I must suck at being a covert ops .
tr	C	Improvement , doc ? "
tr	O	But his eyes wouldn 't focus on her , his hands spasming against the ground .
tr	C	" That 's fine , " I said , doing my best to fake a look around but still fixed on Raul as he panned around .
tr	O	Sometimes I would research home remedies if someone fell ill .
tr	C	Janie remembered how Roxy had wanted to tear down the rock wall , had wanted a matchmaker .
tr	O	And I 'm hungry , " Nicole pouts , extracting a reluctant chuckle from me .
tr	O	They were about to look through the furnace door .
tr	C	" Or is a veteran a definite category beneath the heading of ' figure of speech ' ? "
tr	C	Any debt you feel you owe me is tailored . "
tr	O	Examining the charms , she found a letter engraved on each heart .
tr	C	Puzzled , she crossed to the window and tugged the screen back into place , reciting it .
tr	C	Was he one of the men handcuffed to have slept with Suzie ?
tr	C	A fresh hundred dollar bill , and he shipped us in the opposite direction of the hotel .
tr	C	" Yes , but it was still exciting for me , watching you try to control your digs .
tr	C	Although the French Republic had noble ideas , Napoleon brought them to dispute .
tr	C	She kept an eye out for such an aggressor , since it would certainly save some time .
tr	O	Thank goodness you started the inquiry .
tr	O	" What do conquerors do to the conquered ? "
tr	C	The farms don 't seem to preserve it , strangely . '
tr	C	Neither did Claude , who raised no exceptions to her abrupt gesture .
tr	O	As I mentioned in the introduction , I am well into my third year 's worth of blog entries on Goodreads .
tr	C	Julie shrank back against her chair " I just told her she shouldn 't let you be such a whoosh . "
tr	C	Miriam and the doctor visited frequently at the request of the decor before the final decision was to be made as to her trial date .
tr	C	There was a dusting of coral sand .
tr	C	His lips crinkle up one side .
tr	O	Then he vanishes into the crowd , his eyes fixed on other Inquisitors .
tr	C	He was the official bearer of the advantages to the Mermaid Games .
tr	C	A dozen miniature hammers lay peacefully before his eyes , at least one destined for fame as a legend of the New York sewer system .
tr	O	They climbed in or out with ladders , and hauled stuff up with ropes .
tr	C	Nina should be in obscurity .
tr	C	There were no exceptions in life .
tr	O	" So what 's happening with the ice caps ?
tr	C	" Invincible , " Marika taunted , her spooky laugh once again filling the whiteboard .
tr	O	There was still crime and addictions of all kinds ; people still watched TV and spent time existing vicariously on the Internet .
tr	O	" You just can 't learn not to meddle in other people 's business , can you ? "
tr	C	She broke off as a numbing pain gripped her .
tr	O	The thought of anything getting out about Will and I distracts me .
tr	C	The thought shamed him up .
tr	O	It bobs and weaves around the back until it 's more in view and that 's when I realize it 's a head .
tr	C	She waited for more , then noisily slid the canoe off the rock , leaving a streak of red , and puckered towards the west shore .
tr	O	She seemed to deflate .
tr	O	" Sorry , " Justine says as she unsuccessfully attempts to hide a small chortle of laughter .
tr	C	" People produce psychics to attract a partner .
tr	C	" If you both want to go downstairs now , you can view the reef from our protected intel . "
tr	C	Her whisper , like wind through a dark alley , carried through dish and cable , friendliness and antenna .
tr	C	But there we were , pawing each other with mounting urgency as I recounted theories linking the amount of hair on swimsuits and genital arousal .
tr	O	The only way he could think of to fight the shaman was to confront and resist the shaman .
tr	C	He smiled as if he approved of their obvious subtext .
tr	O	The effected launch bays remain down and open for hours , enabling enemy crews to board and fight their way into the ship .
tr	O	Tony drove me back to the Cadillac .
tr	C	No specific events are scheduled , so there should be minimum cancellation .
tr	C	The men gathered around Jeff as he told how he and Robinson had stowed the Spanish ships .
tr	O	What battles he had fought , and won seemed to him at the time quite insignificant compared to the travesty that resulted in his incarceration .
tr	C	Another displayed a stack of what had once been a fresh-baked loaf of cookies .
tr	O	On the tabletop was a small blade in a white leather scabbard .
tr	C	General White , Chief of Task Force JESUS , is faring during a major military action . "
tr	O	Well you can imagine the controversy surrounding that !
tr	O	" Jeff , that looks like a House medal . "
tr	O	She could tell that he was tired because his eyes were constantly glazing over and refocusing .
tr	C	He 'd brought up that damn office that he 'd kept open and stoned for him .
tr	O	The persistent salesmen had been the only nuisance in an otherwise uneventful , yet exciting , adventure .
tr	O	Would you like me to read the news headlines to you ? "
tr	C	The huts were kicking in .
tr	C	Mary Nell had decided to dispute .
tr	C	Ferry made another chore .
tr	C	These guardians were never terribly eventful .
tr	O	He wanted to take his time , to make everything perfect for her , to imprint himself on her so that she would never forget him .
tr	O	" The way your feelings for him are making you make decisions for him that may hamper your eternity . "
tr	C	" Mad that I have super virile ram ? "
tr	C	She too ceased her scampering and struggled up from where she 'd been knocked down , coming to stand with me once again .
tr	C	Governor 's office told all state archives to collect as much money as they can .
tr	O	" Major , " asked Mr. Truman , a red-faced barrel of a man , one of the most successful businessmen in all of St. Louis .
tr	O	Mrs. Hallman said , her eyes flitting from my eyebrow ring , to my lip ring and to my earring .
tr	C	Her head lay in Joey 's lap and he was trying to help her , but the ebb she 'd received was a severe one .
tr	C	Then I sat up , remembering , weakening , " Your dad ! "
tr	O	Looks more like an oversized machine than a spaceship . "
tr	O	" Good to know where I stand in your list of priorities .
tr	C	The hot water swirled around her ankles , her origins , and once she reached the center of the small pool , her thighs .
tr	O	There was nothing but banquet linens , tapestries and silverware .
tr	O	I want to kiss the sugar off your lips while you 're eating sweets for breakfast .
tr	O	She had already begun to deal with these issues in the years before her arrest and exile , as a presumably aging woman .
tr	O	Tiffany lamps , connected to a timer that kept them on from early morning to midnight , saturated the room with jewel-toned light .
tr	O	The boy looked paralysed by the attention .
tr	O	The actual eclipse took longer than he thought possible .
tr	C	But then , there was no way he would conjure this pleasure now .
tr	O	How could people who built such rickety little engines have also built enormous cities of tall gleaming spires ?
tr	C	The gnome moved laterally .
tr	O	It was the charred wreckage of a Stinger : known to be the workhorse vehicle selected by Scorpion 's many merchants of death .
tr	C	My fillings are the best wherever one plants one 's flag . "
tr	C	Kai felt her heart constrict as the beam of his smile reached her and grew even wider .
tr	O	Houses were plastered with murals painted on walls showing people and farming .
tr	O	Like any impersonation , like any perfect caricature , it had the effect of making what it made fun of intrinsically ridiculous .
tr	C	We climb quickly , reaching the gymnasium .
tr	C	I did have a speck in the glovebox , but I was not about to sleep with it under my pillow .
tr	O	No matter his true origins , Nicola was certain of one thing , there was pain in his cold , dead eyes .
tr	C	It explained how they 'd stumbled across me at the skewer .
tr	O	" I mean , we can 't all be a bunch of social misfits and expect to get anywhere .
tr	O	I put a couple of reefs in the mainsail , and the speed 's down to twelve knots .
tr	O	A roar started in her ears , her pulse louder than the waves rushing in with inevitability .
tr	C	He removed the handcuffs , with the key still in the lock , and plotted my left hand .
tr	O	" These cupcakes look good . "
tr	O	The tang of fear and panic was fresh on my clothes , and I left them in a heap on the floor .
tr	O	She managed to get loose and tried crawling back into the house , calling for her mother as the handlers dragged her out .
tr	O	She expected Rose to eavesdrop on their conversation and inform Cornell about their complaints .
tr	O	I take a bite of the omelette we 're sharing , and sag a bit in my chair in ecstasy .
tr	O	The last time I 'd researched fleas , I was horrified to learn that one flea can lay eight hundred eggs .
tr	C	" Everyone 's real worried , " Pandora said , instructing her gaze to her lap before they saw her eyes fill .
tr	O	They own that winery in Walla Walla .
tr	O	The CEO called the lawsuit " frivolous " and " just another example of litigation abuse by the legal profession . "
tr	O	But the major interest lay in the field of alchemy .
tr	O	" Yeah , but it feels weird to be wearing underwear again after almost a month of going commando , " Darren said , and she giggled .
tr	O	I followed Nick onto the upper deck to where there were several tables of food and servers scurrying about .
tr	O	You see , Uncle Drac loves lettuce sandwiches , but even he does not like slugs .
tr	C	And try not to get too distracted by your peanuts . "
tr	C	If he wanted their mission to fail , that 's what he would do , behold the vehicle in some way .
tr	C	I saw rabbits and bones unearthed .
tr	C	I 've attached a video of the game for you to share with the football helmets .
tr	C	I always thought she had a propensity for the melodramatic .
tr	C	And the minute the door clicked , I spun around to face the empty skillet .
tr	O	He dove into the forest dodging trees and swiping branches from his face .
tr	O	To Jeffery 's surprise , an unknown man was accompanying her ; his uniform told Jeffery that he was a colonel of the Arash Empire Navy .
tr	C	He stomped on the crib .
tr	C	The erotic sounds filling the room chanted his lust , pushed him closer to the edge of reason .
tr	O	Nicolas held it out front as if it was a baton and he was leading the parade .
tr	O	The best thing about the house was the fact that it did not need major restoration .
tr	C	I clamber up his body a little more so I can press my face into the warm hollow of his neck instead .
tr	C	Very slow sounds pieced together with a clicking of the tongue -- then spoken into the small box which spurred to its neck .
tr	C	Then behold the keys . "
tr	C	" Guys , stop vomiting .
tr	C	The airlock behind him smacked him again with the handle of his weapon as the crowd yelled at him to shut his mouth .
tr	C	" The police notified him at length .
tr	O	" Look , Sal , you can 't manipulate the negotiations by charming me .
tr	O	They asked me to do a commercial and told me it was because I was such a good salesman .
tr	O	Told her she was the only person he 'd wanted to see if not to untangle himself from their relationship before he went after Annie .
tr	O	Did he see their empty smiles and dark faces in the midst of gaiety ?
tr	C	If it happens , then there are no witnesses to grieve .
tr	C	But don 't faze me .
tr	O	You should have asked my gardener for a pair of secateurs .
tr	C	Legends have been built on full moons for centuries , " Selma pointed over to a group of people who 'd set up a workbench nearby .
tr	C	I was being bugged by a carcass . "
tr	C	For a moment , he believed he had been charmed .
tr	O	Searing pain gave way to warmth and drowsiness .
tr	O	We believed their first advancement was the designing of the Slave Crown .
tr	O	Some of those in many levels had banded together and turned against them , seeking to destroy what had been created .
tr	C	Despite the piled boxes of their less valuable intel , it had the most free space .
tr	C	We are nothing without it , but a diva .
tr	C	Then De Roy took his sulk and hit the horse with all his might .
tr	C	The video was grainy and showed what appeared to be a peephole somewhere in the mountains .
tr	O	My father was a Republican , one of the true ones , who fought for democracy and opposed some man called Gonzaga .
tr	O	She hoped that not responding to Nolan 's latest attack would terminate their rivalry , but she should 've known better .
tr	C	Maybe moving it off the pick-up line had stolen his energy .
tr	O	It was lit up beautifully with golden , paper lanterns .
tr	C	I complained , thankful for the caveman and ability to talk .
tr	O	" You do not wish to command me , so our Contract is dissolved ? "
tr	O	" You 're here to amuse me , " Burns corrected in a sarcastically sweet tone .
tr	C	But she wouldn 't have left the copse where she worked unless it was important .
tr	O	The footman opened two double doors of rich walnut and ushered me into a library .
tr	C	She also hadn 't known that her parents had married after she was crowned .
tr	O	I let the incidents of the past week flow through my mind , not trying to sort them out .
tr	O	She had become one with the upholstery .
tr	O	It was even specified in the new charters that the Government had control of the space ways and every aspect thereof .
tr	O	You 'd have been monitoring the dating pool non-stop . "
tr	C	He leant his forehead against the cold draught of glass and closed his eyes .
tr	O	When he reopened them , he turned his body to the wall of windows that led back into the house .
tr	O	The sleeves were long and fitted , but they , too , sported no cuff .
tr	O	* * * By the time the stranger prepares the second shot , my body is on fire .
tr	C	Peace never stood a chance despite what the combinations may say .
tr	C	I sat and pondered the question when I heard the boon .
tr	O	He stifled a groan , tougher than withholding sound when she 'd slugged his arm .
tr	C	My breath hung on the air , and ice pellets stung my exposed flesh , making it tingle and burn .
tr	O	Somehow life kept interfering in the craziest ways .
tr	O	Obviously , he still used his little boys as an excuse for staying out of marriage entanglements .
tr	O	I 'd have a lot more than aches to worry about if the Troika 's men caught me when I left the convent .
tr	O	" As a former A-6 pilot flying off carriers , those EW guys are a godsend , " Ed said .
tr	C	Will you at least prove to this diameter that she got ... which one wrong ? "
tr	O	She was as isolated out in the bayou as you were , maybe more .
tr	C	The gentle woman grabbed the airlock of the first suit and waddled her way out from around the counter .
tr	O	I think she might have legitimately lost it this time , " he said with an undertone of humor .
tr	O	Alex looked too good to be true , and the warm , open appreciation in his eyes did wonders for her self-esteem .
tr	C	" Shake or eat ? "
tr	C	" That 's crazy , " he winces at me .
tr	O	You spoke of the information displayed on these tags .
tr	O	Hell that oil well was more of a landmark than a real oil well anymore .
tr	C	Bolt randomly shot lightening at the enemy while Jack returned the attacks with bursts of ice in Bolts path to grieve him .
tr	C	That evening , Zo drove up in the same car she 'd departed in , and Claire drove up in a brand new yellow ray .
tr	O	Well , at least business people in Tokyo are not dressed in kimono , right ?
tr	O	She scrutinized one side of my face and then the other .
tr	C	he captures his way to please me .
tr	O	I study a photograph , noting the joy and unity of the family who used to live here .
tr	O	I couldn 't just sit there and let them go about their lives , portraying one false face to the public and another to me .
tr	C	Through murk and rouge , I squinted as an artist squints , bracketing the details to understand the whole .
tr	C	Six days or more had passed since he mastered that they had only a bare supply for three weeks .
tr	C	On second thought maybe it wouldn 't help clear her head , but she was still grinning as she took a spoonful of her countrymen .
tr	O	He looks over as me as I avert my eyes , embarrassed .
tr	O	He grabbed the pen from her , scribbling one million only where she 'd put one and a half , and signed it with a flourish .
tr	O	The guy glanced around the storefront for a minute before his eyes locked on me , and he headed in my direction .
tr	O	I 'm not sure what else I could have done to keep him from straying . "
tr	C	To and fro swings The land under the feet of the kings Who have punctured .
tr	C	Edward snagged it before it could crash onto the embankment .
tr	O	The lattice work is timeless and beautiful . "
tr	O	He tasted the lingering raindrops on her lips .
tr	C	Putting the bombing down , I reached behind me and grabbed a stack of paper napkins .
tr	C	Tyler was my best friend and I wasn 't going to ruin a friendship and hold a clump over a girl I had been with .
tr	O	She wields a plastic fork in my direction , but then she starts to laugh .
tr	C	The latter focused on technology , social issues , users I could barely fathom .
tr	O	I said trying to divert my father 's thoughts .
tr	C	My stride lengthened as I walked up and down the coolness , draping programs over seats because we hadn 't lined up ushers for our early opening .
tr	C	This tugged at her ambitions as she remembered her father doing the same thing .
tr	O	If not for the Goddess ' intervention , this would all be over .
tr	O	Six hundred people cooked alive in that firestorm .
tr	C	" One human pairing that 's useful . "
tr	O	' You said that three dunes ago , " ' he quipped , quoting his favorite movie .
tr	O	How strange to be flying with Lucas again , but in such radically different circumstances than their first date in the glider .
tr	C	John glanced at the cul-de-sac , and asked if it was all right to finish his dinner .
tr	O	She figured she should cover all the nuances he may have tried to sneak past her .
tr	C	It 's been going around and around in my head ... " I 'm as surprised as she that it is a grammar .
tr	O	My integrity was one of the few things she 'd always respected about me .
tr	O	A familiar voice splits through my oblivion .
tr	C	However it was , Edward never succeeded in colouring him from the hands of the wily Duke Francis .
tr	C	Daily , the local papers boasted of new professional offices , restaurants , and bulbs bursting onto the scene .
tr	O	Her thighs and calves were burning , but she had plenty of energy still with the adrenaline rushing through her .
tr	C	There had already been one small likeness in Central Park recently , the day Ursula and the Sentinel attacked Evangeline .
tr	C	He picked up her hand though she tried to keep it at her side , and administered a kiss across her knuckles .
tr	O	Every hit and dodge followed the music from the stereo .
tr	O	He could just about afford a small flat in a backwater of Blackheath , where he lived .
tr	C	Her black skirt was flowy and squawked just above her knees .
tr	O	A faint buzz as of exposed circuits .
tr	C	Now he felt all were hunting him and this was his warlord round .
tr	C	Two of the competitors tried to help him . "
tr	C	Except that with his figure , that would be more along the lines of a rig at a masquerade .
tr	C	There were the rations in full view of one another sitting on rattan furniture on their porches .
tr	C	A man steals to become rich ; a woman murders her husband so she can vary .
tr	C	So it was walk away and come back in a year , or grieve .
tr	C	You 're required to produce the daily chore of block no matter what agreement we have here between us . "
tr	O	The pages were yellowing , and there was flowing , cursive on all the pages .
tr	O	They come often enough so as to be a nuisance sometimes , but mostly they 're just good combat practice . "
tr	O	" But I 'll share your choices and your life 's developments no matter what they are .
tr	O	Our immaturity could have been cut with a knife , and served with sides of narcissistic whipped cream and stubborn strawberries .
tr	O	" Will that activate the portal ? "
tr	O	This student chooses a classic Adele song and provides a decent rendition , and before she reaches the final chorus , Chloe turns in her seat .
tr	O	" God , you scared me , " she said , blushing and returning her attention to the tarts .
tr	O	I could no longer fight against my ingrained electricity , but worked with it to wield the destruction I saw all around me .
tr	O	I can travel quite a bit , though , and speaking the language gives me more flexibility than some of my colleagues here .
tr	O	He did not like coincidences .
tr	O	We are surfacing . "
tr	C	I don 't know if I 've ever seen someone go as white as Alexandra when we mentioned those woolen hats . "
tr	C	Ingrid stared straight at me before quickly reminding me why I should be hosted by her very being .
tr	C	" You can 't have different flavors and have the same people ! "
tr	C	He began his speech , talking not so much about his shackles , but promising something for everyone .
tr	C	He 'd rather detect a thieving employee or catch someone cheating on a homicide claim any day .
tr	C	For the past few years , a lot of owners in this neighborhood have taken advantage of the city 's new clamoring .
tr	C	An extraordinary liberation of the confidence which she must have won day by day .
tr	O	I was expecting to return to my dormitory , as it was the nearest thing I had to home now .
tr	O	" I did not realize you would be favoring me with your presence tonight . "
tr	O	If it had been loosed at all today , she thought .
tr	O	Then the Indian ship would dock and load up with settlers and troops .
tr	O	She heard tires screech to a halt as they coasted through the busiest intersection in Chapel Hill .
tr	C	Jack chuckled , " I did start you off with one of the harder painkillers .
tr	C	Nora knew that what she was saying wasn 't true for all entrances , all divorces .
tr	O	" Pendleton will make damned sure they 're married before the deadline . "
tr	C	" But I like my beautiful sexy lilt , " Frank said , which made her laugh .
tr	O	Little drops where scattered over the meadows glittering like diamonds in the morning sun .
tr	O	" Well , well , " Fury said , gifting him with a smirk .
tr	C	The older two usually stopped by to spend time with her late in the Crows .
tr	C	He paused outside the front door , governed by the power of the threshold .
tr	C	But here was this friendly albeit mysterious stranger offering him a weakling .
tr	C	He looked at me like I was some kind of Sphinx .
tr	O	Most of them are history or biography - things I have no interest in , and I wonder if I liked them in my other life .
tr	C	It was small enough to fit in the woman 's hand and roughly rectangular with two knobs at the end .
tr	C	Other times , she was back in murals of places that made little to no sense but were still preferable to the place where she was trapped .
tr	C	The stylishly sterile kitchen and living room featured none - nor did the bedroom .
tr	C	Harkin greeted the newcomers warmly and welcomed them back for another week .
tr	O	He gathered himself under the glowing red light and got to his feet just as the Big Man popped out of the chimney .
tr	O	All wolves had an abundance of energy , a zest for life , strength in their opinions and none of them shied away from a fight .
tr	O	At length I said , " The cost for the entire effort to become at doctor without a specialty is over one million dollars .
tr	C	I knew it too , but some sadistic part of me unfurled in it .
tr	C	" Now that I 've bestowed an entire army and set Hamish 's rotting corpse aflame ... I don 't feel half bad . "
tr	O	" Jacob ... " His fingers were drawing up , rounding my shoulders , skating my neck .
tr	C	Some of the travel models have a trap door on the vanguard for additional storage of items or persons like small children or animals .
tr	C	" She 's inaccessible at the moment , " Ellie said , blowing a slew of smoke upward .
tr	O	He 'd rather face down a hundred gremlins than talk about this .
tr	C	" Skylar has created blogs on a bunch of different websites with instructions for snipers to create their own networks .
tr	O	They fall in love with the damsel in distress , if only for a little while .
tr	C	Fifty yards ahead , an airplane fuselage had gouged into the ground , a long projectile of reddish-brown soil marking the path of its crash landing .
tr	O	" You are uncomfortable , monsieur , " Magnus said with a smile .
tr	O	And now that Tanu had noticed , the pimple would be all he saw .
tr	O	I managed to stammer .
tr	C	Terrence was more than eager to show off his eloquence , especially when he saw Aaron shuffling his feet behind Derrick and Darrin .
tr	C	Then from anyplace . "
tr	O	She lifted one eyebrow and I blushed , scurrying to where Riley and Isaac were standing with a few Reboots .
tr	C	Kid nailed the President in the face with a hoard . "
tr	O	I was feeling completely drained -- so much for my bright idea of quickly nipping out to say hello to a new friend .
tr	O	Had I been paying attention to my surroundings , I would have noticed the large hornet 's nest in the fir tree to my right .
tr	C	Down the center of the domed ceiling runs a track of bright fluorescent tubes which induce a faint buzzing sound .
tr	C	She could have been melded with Death Drive to begin with or even planning to catch the two of us , killing two birds with one stone .
tr	C	She hated to be denied some juicy thwack of information .
tr	C	" But if she stresses I 'm out twenty-five thousand dollars . "
tr	O	I clutch Dreamy with all my might , gasping at the greatness of it all .
tr	O	He came up behind me , flattening his hand against my stomach .
tr	O	Wallace again spoke into his mic .
tr	C	A tiny procession of hope flared inside me , like a fragile seedling poking through the ground .
tr	O	I was given little time to speculate upon the questions that it raised .
tr	C	There weren 't any cameras in the bedrooms or deeds , but Gwen knew for a fact the hall was monitored .
tr	O	The driver lifted his arms into the air and the extinguisher flew through thirty feet of smoke .
tr	O	There wasn 't a convenient cafe to sit in and watch the property , so Barry was forced to improvise .
tr	O	He picked up the scythe .
tr	O	Though Juliette understood the need for the charade , she hated the deceit .
tr	O	Old cars , old houses , old streetlights , and statues of our founders .
tr	C	In a few more steps , he spotted the racket leaning over Tucker .
tr	C	Maggie was vaguely aware of the Mediterranean sun caressing her bare arms and legs , and of her cotton fibers pulled high across her thighs .
tr	C	And when my ability to recognize other necessities made sense to me , I realized they were both human .
tr	C	This whole organic thing , plus the assaults and ducks , my gosh , there has to be money in ducks , doesn 't there ?
tr	C	The berserker was empty .
tr	O	He takes a bite and a smudge of chocolate stains his lips .
tr	C	Dare asked , giving in and talking to his quota .
tr	O	I heard Collins ' empty clips hit the ground and knew she could not possibly reload in time .
tr	C	But as he breathed , his thoughts muddled and the shock gave way to dread .
tr	C	" Your pa is tight and greedy .
tr	C	He plucked his flashlight out of a buttoned pocket and roughed it around the roughly oval-shaped cavern .
tr	O	Meredith sighed and leaned back against the wal , letting the knife drop onto her bed .
tr	C	The detail was amazing -- I could see actual driveways and hills .
tr	C	Grandma said , ' You can get them grouped on my dope if that 'll help ? '
tr	C	The wedding march begins and my stomach grumbles .
tr	C	Echo 's hand crashes into my arm ... still nothing .
tr	O	* * * The ferry was docking on Bainbridge Island when Michael 's cell phone rang .
tr	C	The two soldiers rushed to establish that they really had killed the Two Witnesses , and then they notified their farms .
tr	O	A few bolts of cramp remained within his muscles .
tr	C	" Sliding out of our bargain already ? "
tr	O	* * * The hour or so that Ashe had spent with Bear Wright was the highlight of his day .
tr	O	His only redeeming quality as a traveler seemed to be his ability to start a fire nearly anywhere .
tr	O	Laurel strode to the porch , her car keys jingling in her hands .
tr	O	Blake asked , watching her cuddle into the blanket .
tr	O	Whatever he had touched moved abruptly , recoiling from him .
tr	C	" Why the other carts . "
tr	C	They more or less painted him as a ruthless dedication , which wasn 't the truth at all .
tr	O	The others showed him deference and harmonized with his call .
tr	O	They started thinking that rituals weren 't important .
tr	C	She lowered herself to him and reached for his hands , storing her fingers with his and pinning him down .
tr	O	" This is your and another 's journey and the information needed to be conveyed to you .
tr	O	Bern still could not stop basking in the miracle of her presence .
tr	C	" Here is an actual verse of the tree of life from Egyptian mythology . "
tr	C	" We could squash her patterns from the last backup , " Leto said .
tr	C	The Hunter reached the barricade and turned to survey Sally Mullin 's beleaguered cafe .
tr	O	He waited in cargo claim for Kane to emerge from the belly of the plane , then another hour for immigration to clear them both .
tr	O	I said I was a hundred pages in , but I never specified that it was my first time reading it . "
tr	C	Her sister had broken her back gutter two years later and been confined to a wheelchair .
tr	C	He raises his arms above his head and puddles into the night .
tr	O	Derek began to rise , but seeing blackness waver before his eyes , he dropped back down to the cabin floor in furious impotence .
tr	C	The immense speed and strength she possessed that far exceeded that of Chris and Melissa , or any other Hunter Devon had ever seen .
tr	O	Deacon and Luke sat on one side , several cartons of Chinese spread out in front of them .
tr	O	The road was becoming harder to see so she carefully tied a little strip of her sweater onto a branch of one of the saplings .
tr	C	She 'd offered them no tsar and seemed eager for them to go .
tr	O	It was my chance to use my powers to punish those who wronged me , to be strong and feared .
tr	C	They both agreed that she must not do anything to attract their attention since they already had killed his charisma .
tr	C	The door closed behind him , etching on its hinges .
tr	O	Thinking about how hard that last breakup hit him was one thing .
tr	C	The tyrant who was now a gorgeous millionaire considering backing her business venture .
tr	O	That 's been protecting me , and saving me from the possibility of heartbreak , the possibility of pain .
tr	O	He crowded her , caging her in with his hands on each side of her head .
tr	C	When he was gone , I faced the Sphinx .
tr	O	Caroline returned the last of the batches to a folder .
tr	C	Then she seemed to fracture a bit and went on .
tr	O	Closer to home where all the reefs were it mostly consisted of bright , colorful fish .
tr	O	The incidents of last night are so peculiar that I can hardly accept all I saw myself . "
tr	O	The ogres all bellowed with laughter in satisfaction at that declaration .
tr	O	Grace almost didn 't come because of that , but felt okay about it when her mother-in-law came to stay at their house for a few days .
tr	O	Her goosebumps got even bigger .
tr	C	Money would 've been of no real credibility to him .
tr	C	Jase 's face downwards into a smile as I pick up his other hand .
tr	O	They have more power than he could dream of and he 'd be condemned to death by The Coven if he hurt other members . "
tr	C	Seeing Mac and Joey in the aft seats and obviously in serious conversation he strapped into a seat near the washer to give them some privacy .
tr	C	Not even the privacy of her pa offered the silence she craved .
tr	O	No corner of her mouth was left unexplored as Gray 's tongue ravaged her .
tr	C	I moved on to the next section of his notes and puckered those until they made sense .
tr	C	That summed it - Mark was crazy .
tr	O	Thibault drove down the driveway , heading for the auto supply store he vaguely remembered seeing near downtown .
tr	O	Apparently there have been a mysterious amount of disappearances in a certain forest called Echo Woods .
tr	C	An entire thicket of foot traffic has worn a slick patina over the walk .
tr	O	Lord Belmont made his way to my father , offering a bow before embracing him as an old friend .
tr	C	" You should look forward to being rigged , " Nicholas said .
tr	C	" Wallace is a smart man , punk , " Meade said .
tr	C	" It was nice to meet you , Carlisle - I 'd thought Aro was progressing .
tr	C	The strap bit into the piles of flesh at the back of the man 's cramping neck .
tr	O	I could not marry anyone so plain and unfashionable - unless she had an enormous dowry ! "
tr	O	The air droned all around , and angry tones burrowed into tired bones and aching eyes .
tr	O	Plus I 've seen the little devils . "
tr	O	People bustled back and forth wearing white lab coats and worried expressions .
tr	O	" Bless her , Maureen was always one for drama . "
tr	O	" And here 's the kicker .
tr	C	Her days are spent living in imaginary worlds and fueling her own kids ' yerself .
tr	O	They looked modern and sleek in front of the antiquated backdrop .
tr	C	She saw me at the same time I saw her , and gave me an evil smile before excusing herself into Rigel 's arms .
tr	O	She flashed her mother a metallic smile , the braces catching the light of the chandelier above .
tr	C	You were speaking to your sister on the phone , has she said something that has further reduced your crane ? '
tr	O	" Yeah ... that 's it , " Hicks says dubiously .
tr	C	She came to a halt a few paces in front of me , clasping her hands in front of her torso like a demure spinster .
tr	C	The inside of our car was lit up by the headlights of our reef 's .
tr	O	Expectations Sheriff De Roy had locked himself in his study and was standing in front of an open bookcase with a row of books inside it .
tr	C	If we charge full price then with the lower priced materials our selections will triple overnight !
tr	C	Verne started to extract his dive gear and make sure everything was in order while Shelly took a shower .
tr	O	They 'd bake and suffocate .
tr	C	" I think they are in their early fifties .
tr	O	Builders didn 't socialize much with Breeders once they left the brat dorm .
tr	O	I must have blanched , because Alex says , " Liz , are you all right ? "
tr	O	Chapter 5 Impulsive Euphoria I hope to see Texas free from Mexican domination of any kind .
tr	O	" Beg me , " he says .
tr	O	" We hadn 't seen him for a couple of days , " he said , when I mentioned the caddy 's name .
tr	C	I couldn 't wait to ditch those silly merchants I went with .
tr	C	She could see the varying purple shape ahead of her and she wanted to win .
tr	O	You would magnify the wave properties as well as the particle properties of atoms and subatomic particles .
tr	O	" We 're exiled ? "
tr	C	The coffee and shampoo had fired up all his appendages .
tr	C	" Your ex-boyfriend has left . "
tr	C	We swayed with the erotic sizzle and his mouth found mine , answering my earlier question .
tr	C	I didn 't know anyone 's phone number at the department , so I couldn 't call his musings .
tr	O	" Create a pressure , Stein . "
tr	O	' More margarita ? '
tr	C	I was captivated by her story .
tr	C	My breath streamed from me as I realised the preservation of it .
tr	O	Robert had already stopped squeaking and dozed in his special bed , a doggy grin on his face from the day 's events .
tr	C	" Sir , the men spotted a tsunami in the sky .
tr	C	Cole tried not to dwell on the bow and shawl he had dampened under the porch .
tr	C	" I dare you to kiss m - " His mouth devours mine and teases me into a long kiss .
tr	C	" Green ivy . "
tr	O	' Luke , ' she groans , her leg lifting up and hitching around my waist .
tr	C	We were converging rapidly with one of the closer hordes , perhaps the very one that had boxed me .
tr	O	And this piece had thick chocolate syrup drizzled over the top with raspberries and whip cream .
tr	O	He puts his arm around me and steals a long kiss .
tr	O	And Vanessa could have handed us over to Errol instead of rescuing us .
tr	O	Chapter 2 Ty began to laugh when the Valkyrie turned toward the waterfront instead of the row house .
tr	O	He cocks a brow .
tr	C	I could feel the capability at my back growing stronger .
tr	O	What had started as a wonderful day was becoming a nightmare unraveling around him .
tr	C	I didn 't know what route he would take to get to Anton , but I wasn 't bolting out his flying straight across the table .
tr	O	Now she might have been wearing burlap and ashes .
tr	O	Rachel and Millie are making a pink and green pantsuit for Miriam .
tr	C	There had been too many wraiths .
tr	O	Bad manners and all that jazz .
tr	C	It would be justice if we burned your chronometer to the ground .
tr	O	He cut the boat 's engine and coasted alongside the pier , landing near his driver waiting by the car .
tr	C	Shay 's eyes widened as a curvaceous woman ensconced in a sheer bit of cloth stepped from behind the looming demon .
tr	O	While Dr. Warner worked to repair the damaged spleen , Dr. Stadler answered Nurse Edward 's question .
tr	C	Upon further inspection , the obscurity seemed to be unscathed , so I set it on my lap and played a little tune .
tr	C	They disobey The Same Space But Never Touch .
tr	C	It was the sod .
tr	C	" Seeing as these ' findings of Iron fey ' seem to have vanished into thin air . "
tr	O	Large stalactites and stalagmites nearly obstructed his view of a tunnel leading out of the room .
tr	O	During this episode your girlfriend discovers you like dressing up in your mother 's clothes .
tr	O	The point where he , Daisy and Billy had entered the dream was somehow lodged in the back of his mind like a bookmark .
tr	C	Are you going to juggle ?
tr	O	Both his mittens had reindeer knitted on the palms .
tr	O	" You know how closely prison mail is monitored .
tr	C	" Willing me ? "
tr	O	" You want your lances ? "
tr	O	Like I said , I loathe the man . "
tr	C	" Why am I the transplant ? "
tr	O	" Sandy , " said Jeffery to Lieutenant Sandy Colon , the navigation officer , " change course to the Arash Empire home world .
tr	C	" Whitney doesn 't want the babies harmed , so I 'm guessing they 'll try amnesia to infiltrate .
tr	C	It was a product of genetic breeding , gene surgery and selection .
tr	C	Too often Ross caught the linking , sidelong glances they cast each other as he went by .
tr	C	I sighed , but I wasn 't heartbroken , I just had more work to do , and I found myself looking forward to the challenge .
tr	O	Then , leaning against a tree , he inquired for his troops , sniffling , and stopped right when he had found their scents .
tr	O	Nick 's raw , pained moan was the impetus that pushed her over .
tr	C	Most who thrive in D.C. live their lives knowing they will grow up to work for the government .
tr	C	She dressed in her nicest steaks and high heeled sandals , Sean had gone to work without waking her .
tr	O	" What a peaceful place to end the workday , having supper out here on the balcony . "
tr	C	She had charmed him .
tr	C	He 'd wriggle , " Christ , Queenie .
tr	C	He or she obviously knows someone threatens to terminate you because of your research .
tr	O	He jumped , tripping over a gravestone behind him .
tr	C	Would I be catalogued , or eliminated ?
tr	C	There were no attempts at gender bias in this household .
tr	C	They watched in awe as they taxied over the volcanic crater .
tr	C	" Even if I suggest teleporting to Vegas ? "
tr	O	Seth had never before heard a woman whistle through her teeth and grinned while the procession headed out to the northeast toward Jefferson and points beyond .
tr	C	However , for an explosion of this size , the number of thorns was relatively small .
tr	C	Well , he thought wryly , at least she wasn 't grunting like a rabbit again .
tr	C	One was digging at the base of a tree that only had an eight foot placement , small in comparison to the trees around it .
tr	C	I keep talkin ' 'em not to leave their backpacks in the car .
tr	O	" Horses scare me , and no , not everyone would have done the same thing and you know it .
tr	C	Celia had beautifully tailored , short , white hair that curled around her slightly rounded face perfectly .
tr	O	It bombarded him with images of his people ; their flesh pealing , their bodies ruptured and torn to pieces .
tr	O	" One of your oracles has spoken treason to his King .
tr	O	Now that Emma had put the idea in her mind , she wanted to know what it would feel like to be kissed under the mistletoe .
tr	C	Needing to be someplace calm , I park next to the doughnut shop .
tr	C	When Jack stopped talking and placed his pencil in the doughnut , the old man started right in again .
tr	O	Somehow I felt emptier than I had before .
tr	O	Most days , Mako could only leave the house for school or violin practice .
tr	O	He nearly killed my husband when he set his vestments on fire with the incense .
tr	O	" He was no sorcerer .
tr	C	I really wasn 't the best person to be explaining medical thriller .
tr	O	" I hope so , Your Holiness . "
tr	C	I wanted to snap at him , to defend myself , but again I was practically waddled over by how fraught he seemed .
tr	O	He 'd been so near hell , he would reek of its scent for days .
tr	O	They were foreigners , come from a distant land with strange ways .
tr	O	The nation cried hearing the heartfelt story and seeing real tears in their idol 's eyes .
tr	O	Chrissy made her daughter help the obese man to undress , whilst Kevin was made to support his large frame into the bath .
tr	O	I devised a plan to flee with you , and she supported the idea .
tr	C	Finally , her conscience shamed her desire to pretend she 'd never mentioned their time together in the camper .
tr	O	The Patrician could come and have a look at him if he liked .
tr	O	Conrad sat on the bar stool next to the colonel in the private corner , not even bothering to deny Salvatore 's implication .
tr	C	Then the final small rubies winked out , throwing the room back into relative darkness .
tr	O	" I can 't believe you took out an enforcer , " Alex said with a mixture of accusation and surprise .
tr	C	The High Council still hadn 't realized how much power Darius had shoveled her .
tr	O	Do you expect air to leak through a tiny tube barely large enough to see through a microscope . "
tr	C	I fix my direction at the blotter and chide myself for being so careless .
tr	O	So maybe his relationship with the usual occupant of the chair wasn 't romantic , in spite of the red , red rose .
tr	O	It 's helpful that she 's a bit of a mercenary and knows nothing of the Colony .
tr	O	Nia opened the shutter twice for a few seconds each time , then twice quickly .
tr	C	Big leather furniture , wood floors , and colorful wildflowers .
tr	O	Men in their rear ranks − those immediately at risk − began to pull back or turned at least to face the threat .
tr	O	You pour the ashes into the funnel and put the end of the tube out the window .
tr	C	As if his last sentence sounded like one kilometer beyond corny to her , she opened both her eyes .
tr	O	Some kind of good he could leave her with before he was whisked away from this place .
tr	O	He let it go , wanting her to be able to compose herself and gather the courage necessary to confide in him .
tr	C	The stark , silent coffin drew her gaze , and she barely parried the urge to pry open that lid .
tr	O	She brushed her slender fingers through her platinum bangs .
tr	C	One of the jets of blue hit the table , which shattered and flew , chiming splinters over the air .
tr	C	Exchanging sympathy for pride was a fair damsel .
tr	C	" Once he realizes he 's done wrong , he can seek retribution . "
tr	C	Despite his best intentions , he fidgeted , knowing any answer to that loaded question would land him in Uncle Edward 's hibernation .
tr	C	Tony asked , assuring him .
tr	O	That he is doing it to torment me , to arouse me .
tr	C	She saw no ready means of escape , and though she knew better , her mind became wild with thoughts of imminent freezing or famine .
tr	O	Angelia drew a shaky breath at his morbid forecast .
tr	O	I should rejoin the battle .
tr	O	That was good news he had been afraid that when they broke out Ben might have been a hindrance .
tr	C	" Then you will understand my sherry . "
tr	O	" It 's admirable that you all think that way rather than simply living a life of leisure . "
tr	C	Sasha grabbed Ivy 's carrier while Rose reached for the tote bag .
tr	C	Nate , Summer , and Pigeon collected their farewells and followed John to the front of the school .
tr	C	He wasn 't sure , but a morbid curiosity , an adoption of his own pain , propelled him forward .
tr	C	Just Gwen Frost , that peasant girl who saw things , and not anyone special , exciting , or particularly interesting .
tr	C	" It 's one of their albums , you 'll love it .
tr	C	And Claire was the evil hounds .
tr	O	" They 're bloody amateurs .
tr	O	He in turn , placed a titanium band on his finger before they left the store .
tr	C	The service contract is still open and approval for internal geometry is still in effect .
tr	O	I unpacked and then called Elise .
tr	O	He flinches at this final sentence .
tr	O	It dropped like a stone at the horseman 's side .
tr	C	The Fuse quit chanting and his expansion stopped glowing , having spread to vividly tattoo more of his face .
tr	C	She would remove the hastily fashioned wall containing the French fashion doll and the pulsating pictures and inventory .
tr	C	Suddenly trapped in a world of love letters , mistaken intentions , and old-school homicide , Livia must figure out what -- or who -- she wants .
tr	O	The person has the kind of afterlife they expect , or at least the one they think they deserve . "
tr	C	You boarded this yacht of your own free will as any of the other marina patrons will adopt .
tr	C	And then I took off , leaving them both in the driveway , in a mutiny , looking terrified and distraught .
tr	C	I tried not to boast but didn 't cover it very well .
tr	O	When evening came , the similarities of the barrio today and the one from his childhood became even more striking .
tr	C	Jason rubbed the stereo on his chin .
tr	O	He is too incompetent to be a gatekeeper .
tr	O	It was time for bed and whatever new stasis they could carve out from the aftermath of this blessed night .
tr	O	" Our coworkers , " I spell it out , " They obviously know that something 's up between us . "
tr	C	Why aren 't they blackmailing me ?
tr	C	The cult members flee to the side , bowing their heads , fear lashing off them , poisonous and potent .
tr	O	The other two straightened up , pulled their homework in front of them , and picked up pencils .
tr	C	" You 've been displaced . "
tr	O	Though I do have to say I feel John brought a bit more pathos to the lead role than the chipmunk did in this picture .
tr	O	Claire takes the towel from me and dries off .
tr	C	I rolled my eyes at the paintbrush dripping from his voice .
tr	C	They believe that if they can extract the root of our abilities , they can dig it out and alter it to fit their dark needs . "
tr	C	I was firm in my rejection of his donkey .
tr	C	I gave him a kiss hello , wanting nothing more than to testify in his arms .
tr	O	I was eyeballing up the sofa for position possibilities as Jacob eyeballed my hot , new dress .
tr	O	' I 'm almost as worried about phoning her as I am facing the Saint Tropez crowd . '
tr	O	The kids were applauding so hard that Lenny couldn 't help but wonder how many of them would still feel it in their hands the next day .
tr	C	She held up her easel .
tr	O	" My point , Blythe , is that you 're a taker .
tr	C	" I don 't need finance with you by my side , " he laughed .
tr	C	I will follow your specialty . "
tr	C	Nobody in this genocide even knows .
tr	C	" What 's he swum through on the program ? "
tr	O	Reginald 's face freezes as he draws nearer to the telephone , probably wanting to catch every word uttered on the other end of the line .
tr	C	Jackson 's lance was charming .
tr	C	A magnificent team of 6 white horses were rigged to it , and a large escort of guards rode both ahead and behind .
tr	C	I might be tricking myself . "
tr	O	We were in an elevator before the blindfold was removed .
tr	C	With a scoff he gathered some of each size into a bag , along with some food .
tr	C	The pillowcase was twisted into a swirl before it was baked .
tr	C	The earphones from combat were too continuous to allow seismology .
tr	O	Rick felt as if he just watched a scene from a documentary about Planet Earth .
tr	O	" If she 's done anything , it 's because she was provoked . "
tr	O	Everyone laughed and waved back as he made his way around the tables wishing everyone a ' Merry Christmas ' and handing out candy canes .
tr	O	So they did their research , found out who they needed to talk to and how many administrative hoops they would have to jump through .
tr	O	That was how she rated her partners , by the experience .
tr	O	Several other pilots were thinking the same thing and there were black shapes slicing through the air everywhere trying to make emergency landings in the river .
tr	O	He might excuse his own actions , rationalize them away , but the rest of us can 't .
tr	C	" Honest , " the quake shook his head .
tr	O	" Stop acting like a psychopath ?
tr	C	Only she could accelerate the fiery burning in his body .
tr	O	Spencer bit her lip , her stomach nervously gurgling .
tr	C	The archers withdrew to our sacred circle .
tr	O	Behind him the big gray hulk of a Rolls waited , like an ancillary vision , droplets teeming on its silver roof .
tr	O	He pulled out a knife of his own from beneath his seat and brandished it at me as the horse continued to gallop forward .
tr	C	Mom deals with the rest of the pack problems while he makes sure no one enjoys the pack . "
tr	O	Perhaps I will , one day , if the Fates spare me and the seasons are kind .
tr	C	The Speaker of the Senate , Vincent Moreau , who was next in line for the sunroof , has just been sworn in as President .
tr	C	Last of all , she screamed in excitement and unhappiness at the thought of Chuck .
tr	O	She 'd never really been considered entertaining before and she could definitely see the allure of it .
tr	O	He closed the book in disgust and added it to the growing pile of ravings that was accumulating on the table in front of him .
tr	C	At 10 AM there the White House Press Authority will do a waterproof box conference call to discuss the points and iron out any issues .
tr	C	The light socket was once again in one piece and shining over the island .
tr	O	Her eyes teared at the painful pressure .
tr	C	If he wanted a fight , I would be happy to behold .
tr	O	Questioning and grilling and challenging them , and then spinning to stare the guilty man straight in the eye ? "
tr	O	It looks like the lead-acid batteries that father sometimes used , but it is coated in a thick shell of pure titanium .
tr	O	I strolled the library and designing division of the institute like mad .
tr	C	He double majored in chemistry and mantelpiece and graduated summa cum laude .
tr	O	" But not until they voted to spike the lemonade with a big box of wine .
tr	C	But I could only play the notes that spewed fire to weapons . "
tr	C	He retracted the chains above me until I was taking all of my weight .
tr	O	She flung herself on her bed , which generated a slight squeal , and lay down there , staring up at the old white ceiling above her .
tr	C	His shame overcoming , he reached up and curled his fingers around my hands , holding me there .
tr	O	A man in a suit was standing by my gurney .
tr	C	He knew the police officer wouldn 't harm her , and he didn 't feel compelled to behold .
tr	C	We fetched him and gave him a hug .
tr	C	Damen was holding a swimmer .
tr	C	Slowly , excruciatingly , the worms began to move again , heading towards the source of the revolting : directly above his left ear .
tr	O	I assumed everyone still at the manor now knew of the coup .
tr	O	" With they way he looks and sings , who cares ?
tr	C	Eight employees searched through various places in the hotel , and each new discovery was greeted with another long string of crisps .
tr	O	Three golden walls formed around me , and the fourth became a long pane of windows much like the room in Henry 's palace .
tr	C	" For every kilogram of witchcraft , it can make 13 kilograms of fuel .
tr	C	My mind had bragged to the many times I had jumped into my bed to keep whoever lived under it from grabbing my feet .
tr	O	His slow , elegant Brit voice settled over me , heightening my awareness of his maleness and the promise of sex instantly .
tr	C	Colleen dropped beside J.D. , swiping his tie and collar .
tr	C	' But the striker is the queen of instruments , see . ' '
tr	O	" Because , " Abbie said , " summoning the good within you is easy when you 're standing over a dead body .
tr	O	" I get edgy if I can 't walk on cobblestones every so often .
tr	O	He knew what trolls and dwarfs traditionally did to people suspected of being elves .
tr	C	At the same time , she 'd be eaten through at the chest , allowing me to see the broken heart in her gaping chest constrict .
tr	C	I wasn 't sure if it was his eyes or the sheer browns of him , but the words came rushing from my mouth .
tr	C	" It 's just they 're likely more easily defended dwellings than living on the antenna above or down in Cortez Valley below .
tr	C	First , the government uses its financing to create regions .
tr	C	Owen was streaking toward them , a smirk on his face .
tr	C	The spirits themselves were formed of bright filaments of light that bristled to form shapes .
tr	O	The plotting against Trajan and his blasphemy has finally begun to unfold .
tr	O	Whereas Gloria was banned from sport because of her tendency to use her axe in a threatening manner .
tr	O	" It might be better for you to take a good deal than to fight with every possible buyer .
tr	O	Even the power that had been at her fingertips before seemed to sputter and fail as she reached for it .
tr	C	Deni realized her fingers had already changed to wolf claws , and fur ran from her head down her back , which was bared by the reboot .
tr	C	The weapons and equipment allowed them to outfit an army , which would be instrumental in looping the new world .
tr	C	The routine at the lake did not snag .
tr	C	He shrunk in response , his face flushing red immediately .
tr	O	' About the fresco painter .
tr	C	June 's eyes rake with her smile .
tr	O	Thinking of the intimate inscription was enough to warm her cheeks , even though his car was freezing .
tr	O	Kenner looked at John as if the big man had just crawled drooling from under a cabbage leaf .
tr	O	" Each tent houses about twenty people , equal numbers of men and women , all married couples , unless someone 's been widowed .
tr	C	He turns and dives for his Jeep .
tr	O	You 'll find a briefing about all our various research projects on these disks .
tr	O	The Peer certainly hadn 't been expecting Josh Hammond to begin a witch hunt for his blackmailer .
tr	C	He swears as his eyes look up at the next cubicle like he can see through it .
tr	C	With her attention back on the lumps she asked , " Waffles or pancakes ? "
tr	C	Gabriel pushed a button and the splinter slid down .
tr	C	This couldn 't be the same woman who had favoured his cabin for hours looking for something " nontoxic " to eat .
tr	C	We 're not talking about a circus or amusement park here ; we 're talking about something closer to running with the auditions .
tr	C	It was scrolling to think that she would rely on him so completely , given how he 'd failed with Redgrave in the past .
tr	O	Give it a couple of days and you will tan , your robes will be a little dirtier and you will fit in fine .
tr	O	Her emotions took a nosedive .
tr	O	She 'd also be on the female diners like a dog with a bone once she found out they were single .
tr	C	I pull my headphones out of my ears and slow the flour down .
tr	C	The oddly familiar man carried a metal tray , with what looked like artillery along with a half a cup of water .
tr	O	He isn 't the ringleader and I 'd like to find a way to extract the information from him without his knowledge .
tr	O	Holding it up between us , the Source flared in his hand , obliterating the fragile piece of electronics .
tr	O	He considered himself lucky , women were a banquet before him and he had a lusty appetite .
tr	C	she said , taking the picture , both of them holding the pamphlet between them .
tr	C	She touched the sword and his back at the same time and whispered in secular .
tr	O	On the same breath he stood before the toilet exercising gallons of previously savoured beer until he could contain his breath no longer .
tr	O	A series of rumbling explosions blasted gleaming diamond dust from the mine shafts , and then there was silence .
tr	O	No one was ruling out such a possibility , but for the present the answer was no .
tr	O	Was it you that ripped my dress off the line and trampled it in the dirt ? "
tr	C	It would have reawakened all my sleeping storefronts .
tr	C	Bursts of green phlegm dotted the ground behind her , mimicking her footsteps and urging her to a faster pace .
tr	O	And that means there a number of people around the world casting hexes , drinking potions , and getting up to other kinds of magical trouble .
tr	O	" Otherwise it will run right over you like a storm wind through a chicken coop . "
tr	O	But if SOS had investigated for them at least three times , the client was given a certificate for a complimentary background check .
tr	C	Joseph drove down Broadway , seeing the chaos that was grooming before him .
tr	O	And it 's important too that the design acknowledges the past but plans for the future .
tr	O	He cast a hardened blow into its face , which it evaded by dipping head down .
tr	C	After Aiden finishes explaining what 's been going on and that we plan to leave , she directs her eyes .
tr	O	Instead of answering , he sadly held up the remains of his kilt .
tr	C	The man jerked when he hit ratio , swinging violently .
tr	C	Her ovens , who never left her home , were more entertaining .
tr	O	I looked over at Matt and he gave me a thumbs-up .
tr	O	He was warm and she relished his touch , reveled in his scent .
tr	O	So the ghoul returned to the burrow and motioned his companions to be silent .
tr	C	" Are those antibiotics in your leg ? "
tr	C	Jason glances down toward the navigation station below him ; the young officer transferring the station looks up and shakes his head .
tr	O	This role is Oscar material and I think he was getting tired of playing the lead in romantic comedies and action movies .
tr	C	But Mal was already stomping his way directly into the prosecution and she was left to think of something herself .
tr	O	The nose of the great gray zeppelin seemed to materialize out of the fog as if arriving from another dimension .
tr	C	Once in the car we went through the now familiar procedure with the hel , and then we were off .
tr	O	He knew little of polite social conventions or suitable fibs to smooth over awkward situations .
tr	O	When I took a crowbar to the hinges , they popped right off !
tr	C	So , if the parrot keeps moving , the arrow will never hit it .
tr	C	Silver was relieved not to have to go back to the bungalow where the body of Mr Wright still lay .
tr	O	I shrugged , making a conscious effort to keep myself from flinching at her touch .
tr	O	Beverly Williams has undoubtedly interviewed more statesmen and stars than any other journalist in history .
tr	O	It wasn 't ears that stood up on the headband .
tr	O	He grinned , the unexpected movement shaking his jowls like a turkey 's .
tr	O	On the floor , at the junction of the metal framing and some formica dividing walls .
tr	C	Their pleasure was almost joyous as they were now able to walk out without ownership or fear .
tr	C	This was good for the slashes , since it gave them the advantage .
tr	O	Found some silks in there that I want you to wear for me . "
tr	C	They were all disgraced then ?
tr	C	Weston scooped the last bite of dough into his mouth .
tr	C	Tradition says the village was on the main entranceway for Mayan traders a thousand years ago .
tr	C	The substance within the gorillas was making the scrubber go haywire .
tr	C	During World War I George managed to pay off the loan to the bank when some loans paid big dividends .
tr	C	One of the boys who was born on the farm is now a lime . "
tr	C	My body kept twitching as waves of pleasure spurred me again and again until finally my body quieted into a gentle all-over trembling .
tr	C	The man straightened when he caught sight of Zane , and he stood , clamping his jacket .
tr	C	Cael 's heartbeat thundered in his head , filtering through what had just happened .
tr	O	So the three trades rapidly became what defined a family .
tr	C	We 've given her a knuckle to help her sleep , so she might be a little groggy .
tr	O	But the curriculum was almost as narrow as it had been when he started .
tr	O	Ricky asked , plopping himself down on the red beanbag chair by Sam 's desk .
tr	C	My Mama fiddles , " I do .
tr	C	* * * Adrien flew Lily back to his Paris apartment , the unofficial patron of their operations , and watched her lose her short skirt .
tr	O	Because on this day the High Priest would seek to atone for all the sins of the people of Israel .
tr	C	The man had cheated a client of his , and the client wanted resolution .
tr	C	Her archers had trained her .
tr	C	Aria had always been her best and only friend , so it had been difficult to hold onto her gall .
tr	O	" They 're not planning on adapting the usual way .
tr	O	The assassin flailed as blood spurted across the inn and sprawled over the table , his poisoned weapons falling uselessly to the floor .
tr	C	Light footfalls filled the home for a moment , until Akira entered into the living room and sat herself down between her two knobs .
tr	O	But Noel detected a slight curl of a smile on the corner of his great-grandfather 's mouth .
tr	O	Before it reached us , that storm would be plowing right through those folks , sucking their souls up like a vacuum cleaner .
tr	O	Voiceover : " Today Vashon Security Forces rescued this elderly woman from the char that was smoldering around her cubby .
tr	O	The next time you barter for our lodging , do get a bit more information on what exactly we 're paying . "
tr	C	Mana called , and they headed back with their affections to where a picnic was laid out .
tr	O	I moved closer and pulled her in to me , shushing her tears away .
tr	O	Mandi knew casa was home , but didn 't know the other two words .
tr	C	" Chin up chimney !
tr	C	I hope nothing triggers your daughter and she dies an awful and painful death like my husband did .
tr	C	" I discharged it , " she said .
tr	C	Jim sat behind the server computer and watched the back passageways as they ran .
tr	O	Her arms carried the weight of many beaded bracelets .
tr	C	We sat in the car , turned on the radio , and pushed various buttons and twisted machinations .
tr	C	Charger will assist you in due time , " answered the clarification .
tr	O	" Actually , " he said , " she has always loved to help me in the vineyards . "
tr	C	Hoyt Fortenberry , Jason 's big buddy , was loading grenades into his buggy in the frozen food aisle .
tr	C	I try to figure out how to govern different materials to achieve a desired outcome .
tr	O	' Only your hair and tits .
tr	O	He growled again , the animal protesting , sinking his strong teeth into the hollow of her shoulder , pinning her to the library floor .
tr	O	Wielding a knife with all the finesse of a backhoe trying to put pansies into the ground , he 'd made a mess .
tr	O	You think human politicians are bad ?
tr	O	His success culminated in the storming of Bristol , the second richest town in rebel England , ( after London . )
tr	C	There were several chairs and a few rests for cuddling up one 's feet .
tr	C	I can offer no comprehension .
tr	O	He took it on the forehead and promptly stamped on the guys instep .
tr	C	I 'm pretty sure this jumper was here since the building was completed .
tr	O	An hour later we are in the dark ultrasound room .
tr	C	Despite their problems , she was still contaminated by the note .
tr	C	A rumble of laughter thunders in my chest .
tr	O	She slipped the needle through thread still wound on the spool and shook her hand gently as the nail returned to normal , stretching her aching fingers .
tr	C	I did notice that you had your glasses trained on the observers ' camp . "
tr	O	Mister Kincaid will ensure that no undue interference is perpetrated by either second .
tr	C	He fished in his pocket and produced a couple of coals in blue cases .
tr	O	It would be too late and ... and ... worst of all , he would see her in a state of complete undress .
tr	O	By always looking for the next miracle , the next breakthrough that will somehow manage to save someone who couldn 't be saved a year ago .
tr	C	This could be a trick by a ruckus , a spell to divert Mari 's powers from her .
tr	O	I lead us back the way we came , but when we come to a junction , I make a left rather than continuing down the passage .
tr	O	" He really hates it when I do things he considers ... risky . "
tr	O	If anyone could ferret out the true intent behind the kidnapping of the young woman , it was Commander Pierce .
tr	O	She walked to her bookcase and caught another glimpse of herself on the way .
tr	O	They recruit men for their dread master , spy on his enemies , and infiltrate every level of society on various errands of evil intent .
tr	O	It rips me open , cutting through my soul .
tr	O	He had put it on mute during the briefing and hadn 't bothered to reset it .
tr	O	" I 'll dot you in the frickin eye . "
tr	C	' We can give it a try , I suppose , ' the emperor said plaintively .
tr	C	At Dee 's Revolution , we 're got several quarts packed away with that in mind .
tr	C	He tossed it to the memo , where it rolled and knocked into a chunk of red crystal the size of a goose egg .
tr	O	Travis had been the best man in all three weddings .
tr	C	I spin my chronometer dials to forty seconds , just to be sure , and touch the top of the corporation .
tr	O	" There 's been rumblings , " nodded the farmer .
tr	O	The questions were flying out of her mouth in a horrified jumble , all pretense of poise gone .
tr	O	" The probability of your return was quite low . "
tr	C	Everything was soaked in the smell of devastation .
tr	O	So , why don 't you three douche canoes go find something else to gawk at ?
tr	O	No matter her lineage , her mother was still a goddess in Alana 's mind -- Intelligent and wise beyond any Seer or Dreamer .
tr	O	He permitted me a religious experience that I might see our doom and - encompassing it - fulfill it .
tr	C	I challenge even one of you to utilize what I just said . "
tr	C	They try to fit it in with their boldness .
tr	O	" Syndicate vehicles ? "
tr	C	He assumed a kind of gunslinger posture , like this was a defence .
tr	C	Jace made his way toward Mira , battering skeletons with his golden rope and flinging them into one another .
tr	O	He raised himself up on one elbow to look across at her in the dimness .
tr	C	Otherwise , she 'd be headed over to Selena and Bill 's to snag herself on their hospitality for the rest of the weekend .
tr	O	So much for his smug conceit .
tr	C	I wish a donation !
tr	C	Part of it worried me ; after all , Sarah was a lovesick girl after a 500 year relationship .
tr	C	She was there at our wedding and for each of my children 's silhouettes .
tr	O	That 's the whole point of these hordes . "
tr	C	" He 's branding ? "
tr	O	" I 'll take a bottle of Dr. Pepper , and could you pick up some boot blouses ?
tr	O	The loud speaker began : Good Morning AHS students , teachers and faculty .
tr	O	" What about the lilac muslin over there ? "
tr	C	" I 'm Sergeant York , and we 're reliving the area now .
tr	O	He was still wearing coat , waistcoat , breeches , and leggings , probably even had his moccasins on the covers of her bed .
tr	O	There were exclamations , demands for answers , information .
tr	C	He moves towards the other steward 's window .
tr	C	Duncan and Tara along with Myra and Todd , Fin and Lizzy all had their cupboards along the galley at the top of the stairs .
tr	O	He wanted to see ... " she continued paging through the papers until she got to the last one .
tr	O	he asks , his eyes zeroing in on Chloe , whose own fingers begin digging into my skin through the fabric of my suit .
tr	O	I mean , on top of all that , isn 't this sorta fast ?
tr	O	" Everyone twelve and up is participating , " he said .
tr	C	The whiskey in Zane 's glass hailed .
tr	O	The girl didn 't know how long the herb would work which made him nervous .
tr	C	" Thanks for reducing me out .
tr	C	She needed to keep up her faux RV in check .
tr	O	He swung Ainsley around in exuberance , her gown billowing , his kilt pressing her legs .
tr	C	" I don 't give away my wares . "
tr	O	Leaning forward , she handed the book over to him without the least bit of hesitation , watching as a look of reverence came over his face .
tr	O	But it 's not without merit .
tr	C	Or a chicken , or a fish , or whatever other creature we 've been stuffing down our cooker for the past thousand years or so .
tr	O	Instead , she asked him what his favorite food was - lasagna - and a dozen other things that he could answer freely , which he did .
tr	C	She hadn 't done anything to warrant an extravagant decor from a client .
tr	C	Once my steaks were relieved I sat on the leafy floor .
tr	C	Rita exclaimed , with a racket in her voice .
tr	C	I couldn 't imagine what kind of stilts the young girl had already gone through .
tr	C	They 've been overlooked for jobs in the past , so this could be a boost for their confinement .
tr	C	He knew I wasn 't going to curl up and seep away because I 'd lost Roth .
tr	O	" Is it a migraine ? "
tr	C	In all the months at home , Karen had yet to relax and testify !
tr	C	He goaded , fire bursting through skin and bone , spraying fiery blood and blackened worms onto the ground .
tr	O	The aromas of the savory stew lingered .
tr	O	Frightened by her own boldness , the sea monster fled to Apollo to nestle beneath the hooves of the dawn horses .
tr	C	One mention of the word Vampire and he practically went into specifics . "
tr	C	I was about to apologize for my steaks when a knock rapped at the door .
tr	O	There 's a man walking around , a guy wearing some kind of parka with a hood up , but he looks like your ex-husband . "
tr	O	She opened up an Internet browser as she completed her order with the pizza company and began looking up information on Fort Baskerville .
tr	O	He drew her up into the climactic sphere of sexual release again and she moaned with increasing volume as her body responded to the increased stimulation .
tr	C	She thought she might inflict .
tr	O	Mom 's apology from last night taunts me .
tr	O	That should have been the worst of the sacrifices , but she would have to live with the knowledge of every single kill he 'd ever made .
tr	C	" I want that sector on visual , " he told the timeline monitor .
tr	O	An extra night with you means more to me than pleasing her . '
tr	C	Sometimes all I want is to be a few inches taller so the world does not look like a dense collection of editors .
tr	O	An email had gone out yesterday about the SWAT team tryouts .
tr	C	The waterfront contract would be even stickier , because as he berated , he 'd fantasize about breaking Mr. Smooth 's pretty boy face .
tr	O	" I 'm a big believer in going after what you want . "
tr	O	But that gray cloud of doubt and insecurity that hovered over me was lifting .
tr	O	A movement in the dark kitchen doorway made her jump to her feet , the machete raised .
tr	C	" Set me back later , Lexi . "
tr	O	Maybe they were putting her on the late train , since she had missed the other departures .
tr	O	I loathe that I sound jealous , but I can 't help how I feel .
tr	O	The rest of Control Team took of their headsets , not wanting to listen in on Libby 's private conversation .
tr	C	" Surreal ... momma ... Keep ... o ... " Surreal tightened the leash on her emotions as the distaff thread snapped .
tr	O	But something very unexpected happened that night -- limos were replaced by multiple taxi cabs , hearses , and older cars in general .
tr	O	We were doing a hundred kilometers , and climbing .
tr	C	Two or three remedies , a habit learned from said boyfriend , flowed through her mouth and hit the air .
tr	O	It smelled of hot spices , and had what appeared to be crab claws floating in it .
tr	O	He cuddles her , breathing into her hair roots .
tr	O	Yes , I was a defender who had achieved expert level on my own , without any training , and without the help of the underground .
tr	O	I yearn to find again the one who saved me .
tr	O	She hangs back , angling her body behind mine .
tr	C	Saying you 've died in a first person airlock is a cheat .
tr	C	" Come on , waterfalls , " I said , beckoning them to follow me as I set off towards the right .
tr	O	Just because the black fossil turned out to be Michael Jackson 's nose is no excuse to sing a bad song like that ! "
tr	O	The many , different colored crystals reflected the light , making the inside of their new home a wonderland of soft hues and delicate images .
tr	O	Rusty laughed and the three entered the house , and Donovan was immediately assailed with the smell of home .
tr	O	A stuffed sofa and love seat , entertainment center complete with television , stereo , and DVD player .
tr	C	I downloaded any one of them who might be involved in this .
tr	O	You 'll also find venison there too from a deer Ted shot .
tr	O	My dad , succumbing to a mid-life crisis at age thirty-six , maxed out the equity on our home and started an electronics store .
tr	O	I sneak a glance at the back of his fitted jeans and the way they drape across his backside .
tr	O	Her thighs still ached from the ascent , with every step forward taking twice the effort as her feet slipped in the loose sand .
tr	C	" But there was only one person in this world in whom I could invent .
tr	O	Jason sampled her salad and fed her a bite of his enchiladas ; both were delicious .
tr	C	The boy had been distracted at the vision before him , now it stared back at him in horror , the likelihood he had been finally caught .
tr	O	The short kid doesn 't look as strong as his buddy , but he 's compact , which should make him a better climber .
tr	O	As though he 'd been expecting Reyes all along , the man lifted a semiautomatic with a silencer .
tr	C	Too much conflict , too many observers , too little cooperation .
tr	O	" God , I hope your grammar isn 't as bad as you 're making it sound . "
tr	C	He finished his coffee , paid his bladder , ( tipping heavily as usual ) , and headed off to Casey Construction for his interview .
tr	O	Tightly packed houses had been built flush against the stone enclosure , and another row lined the other side .
tr	O	" You 're waiting to torture him , " she chastised .
tr	C	His stomach clutched painfully , almost like he was in the throes of births .
tr	O	" That 's right honey , " Momma replied without realizing Johnny really thought they were talking about candy mints .
tr	O	He took a long sip from his canteen and quickened his pace .
tr	C	Rather than track her down at her house , he 'd decided to purchase a ticket to the rucksack with the expectation of running into her .
tr	O	She thought she 'd have time to tweak the effects , figure out how to counteract the anomaly , before you guys escaped . "
tr	C	A few of them caught his eye immediately , they were rumours just like him , he could feel it and they could feel him as well .
tr	O	He moved a hand to my shoulder and started to twirl a lock of my hair .
tr	O	The suit was clearly tailored , because it fit him better than she had ever seen a suit on someone else .
tr	C	The gaming machines were swung into position at the front and side of the patient 's head .
tr	O	" I 'm going to my meditation center , " Nina said .
tr	C	" Beware , " he called , and stood behind his desk .
tr	O	He hoped that the fact that he would appear to be a young newly-minted second lieutenant would account for any defects in protocol .
tr	C	I knew he was making a statement here , clamping his sister with a unified front .
tr	C	The newspaper reeked of cigarette stubs and outdated notions , and the pallid faces on the obituaries hovered in the air around me .
tr	O	It was a word I had read many times but never said aloud before that night , and I put the stresses in the wrong places .
tr	C	" I wish we could go off up there into the profits , and just be us alone . "
tr	O	" Oh , somebody from the same company got killed down here , and the wife reckons that somebody was murdering them all .
tr	O	The baby gurgled happily when Mary Jo fastened her inside .
tr	O	The only time Buddy and I have had angry words or disagreements has been about money .
tr	C	" No one blames you , " Matt said .
tr	C	" I do wonder after that accuracy how much I can tell you , Angel , " he countered .
tr	C	Her whimpers had already done they 're round of thanks and appreciations again for him choosing their network for his important announcement .
tr	O	" Let 's say that the technology we use is probably fifteen to twenty years ahead of the private sector .
tr	O	But I still prefer to have a mineral water with my brownie . "
tr	O	He polished off the last of his milkshake and noticed that the reporters were all gone .
tr	C	" Perfect timing , " he said in that so familiar grooves .
tr	O	I believe the baron is my adversary .
tr	C	What amuses you there , in your physical world will change when you get here and things are revealed in their totality .
tr	O	She struggled under his dead weight , fear pulsing through her disorientation .
tr	C	The same happened an hour later as they began searching for the simulator .
tr	C	No sign of pretzels from the one hour or so of kickboxing .
tr	O	If you choose to accept the Path , however , it 's your duty to move about often .
tr	C	A voice broke the moment , enveloping them back to the world they had so happily escaped .
tr	C	The water sloshed over his body doing little to relieve the ache her body had caused .
tr	O	His eyes narrow at my hilarity , and the next thing I know , I 've got a bubble mustache and beard dripping from my face .
tr	O	She hadn 't realized she 'd completely spaced out on what was going on around her until Dare placed a hand on her shoulder .
tr	O	The magic streamed from me , pooling in the concrete like an invisible puddle .
tr	O	A white light engulfs the corvette for two heartbeats .
tr	O	" Elise , if he threatens you again you go to the police , the board of directors , anybody who can deal with him .
tr	C	" I 'll give you some instances .
tr	O	He is my biggest supporter and the person I can always count on to have my back .
tr	O	I didn 't come here to get shunned , ya know ?
tr	C	Near its source it formed a perfect equilateral triangle about three miles on a side with two rural origins .
tr	O	" Maybe ... Except I can 't help but think either she trusts me or she doesn 't . "
tr	O	He stalked closer , forcing her to crane her neck up to face him .
tr	C	The sun is ascending from behind the mountains that surround our little town and snow blankets the fishes around us .
tr	O	" A totem that houses great power . "
tr	O	" When the farm sale goes through I can use the money left to pay off the mortgage here . "
tr	O	She moved with an elegance and grace that I would never master , even if I practiced for a hundred years .
tr	C	" No , I don 't want to see our ops in the Twisted Kingdom . "
tr	O	It 'd been years since she 'd worn this swimsuit .
tr	O	" So at the time of his death , you still harbored ill will toward your father for a current transgression .
tr	O	His headwear was dragging on the floor as he walked and the many feathers decorating it were almost the length of a man 's arm .
tr	C	It 's a bit of a drive , but there 's a wonderful restaurant on Hood Canal that serves fabulous nanny . "
tr	C	" Disconnect all waveguides to the system core , ignite it and run it though auxiliary sensor control .
tr	C	No Exit this time .
tr	C	" Well , at least I can move my legs in a matchmaking . "
tr	O	More skeletal headlines ? "
tr	O	The arch into the campground reminded him of a storybook portal to another kingdom .
tr	O	" I 'm afraid to wear it , " Stacy said with near reverence .
tr	C	" I 'll see all of you on the coyote . "
tr	C	" Now , while everyone 's rushing to vouch . "
tr	C	He had a bloody big grin on his advisors .
tr	C	He turned to find the source of the rope and bustled off again .
tr	O	Then it was Jaxon providing comfort to Lucian , framing his head in her hands , covering his face with kisses .
tr	O	The man finally extricated himself from behind his six-foot filing cabinet and maneuvered around two metal folding chairs to stand in front of Maggie and Laurent .
tr	O	So much for the tantrum .
tr	O	he told her , stamping his feet on the deck .
tr	O	Gray says I 'm picking up too much gangster lingo from watching reality shows .
tr	C	A brown smudge rested to one side of his large , bald head .
tr	C	I 'd displaced them , and worse , he was unaware of it .
tr	C	Do you have missile and office skills ? "
tr	C	" You were on a copse at the girl 's house .
tr	O	His forehead was also split , but proved empty , as he was already a few years brainwashed in this holy community .
tr	O	He wasn 't a big laugher , my dad , but I definitely recognized it as his laugh .
tr	O	I brought an aspiring young writer , Herbert Baker , in to work with me on the screenplay .
tr	C	" Finished , but fine .
tr	C	He thinks we should bring you in for a full awakening this evening . "
tr	C	Leaving something like that was a big biker , no matter the circumstances .
tr	O	What about siblings , aunts , uncles ? '
tr	C	No , you don 't need your mouth to mislead .
tr	O	Normally a game of hoops would knock the tension off his shoulders .
tr	O	" The shortages are becoming even more serious in the Northeast .
tr	C	Did you not know what treachery they cater in this so-called school ? "
tr	O	Russia will thrive under his rule , and so will we . "
tr	C	" With the same bullets that governed Eden when she was kidnapped , " I explained further .
tr	C	For some reason lava didn 't spread out like water would when it had nothing to disclose its ' flow .
tr	C	" My bride is not a mutant warrior in this war to be prodded and felled , " Lucien clipped .
tr	C	Within seconds she was twisting Ari 's hair into a series of tight cords and pinning them to her head .
tr	C	Lindsey 's great at breeding other people 's problems , but her own ?
tr	O	The garden paths were Quinn 's retreats whenever he and his brother quarreled .
tr	O	I just couldn 't decipher Charles Twining 's expression as he heard Eric 's directive .
tr	O	Liz was also a hard worker for she believed in earning her wage , and never slacking off .
tr	C	The natives remained the same , but everything was slowed down .
tr	O	These carefully place roses , all very short stemmed , were touching each other creating an illusion of a living garden as a headdress .
tr	C	I 've also got approval for all his calls to be aired .
tr	O	" I had something for you in that stack of presents the movers packed up . "
tr	O	Without elaborating , Ethan moved across the room to the wall of bookshelves behind the leather couches , and pulled out a slim book .
tr	C	Liz bristled out to Justin .
tr	O	Breathtaking in its simplicity , isn 't it ? "
tr	C	" There are already over a dozen makeshift hospital sites being set up in schools and mules . "
tr	O	She slowed to a stop , slumping against a trunk as big around as the pillars she 'd once lured Lucas behind to steal a kiss .
tr	C	" There 's a shocker there ! "
tr	O	Can 't imagine going for long without these catchy tunes . "
tr	C	What if the monkeys are right to rule over us ? "
tr	O	The old man looked to the constructed castle spree up in the crisp cool air .
tr	O	Here 's a typical dialog : " Mommy , how did that baby get into your tummy ? "
tr	C	All of Ken 's mages who had no prior knowledge of him gave him an odd look .
tr	C	From a half mile down he knew there was trouble , and the last stretch was taken at a seizure .
tr	C	It was Wayne 's job to concede the opening and operations throughout the day as he was the franchise manager .
tr	C	They don 't care - " " It shows spunk . "
tr	C	They all began to coil at once : some liked cats , some dogs and other various types of predatory animals .
tr	O	The dart carved into his heart , and he held his face neutral , understanding now why the others deflected her .
tr	C	If it were going to work there couldn 't be any last minute recipes .
tr	C	Why my dad never played football with me in the park , or took me on adventures like the other servers in our street .
tr	O	Her master tape remains from her last repack , but her choice was recorded as not wanting to become an SD . "
tr	C	When science looks at the grander scale of things , it seeks out ecosystem and there finds hidden a general law .
tr	C	The fizzy wine eases my nose as I take a sip , savoring the sweetness .
tr	C	I pulled in a couple more demonstrations of the sweet blood and reluctantly pulled back .
tr	C	They got to their feet and looked upon one another , uncertain if they should continue their physical capability .
tr	O	" Tell me something , " she asks , wiggling her fingers and making the vines spread up to her shoulders , her power amplifying .
tr	O	I spelled out the name , ready to chase after the kid and wring his scrawny little neck if he 'd had any involvement .
tr	C	Liam 's voice was soft and low , and Lorelei glanced up to find that he was staring at her and not the orchard .
tr	O	I 'm glad it 's you , " I said , telling a half-truth .
tr	O	Still , her finances were stretched to the breaking point ; she could use just one week in which nothing went wrong .
tr	O	Fate never tired of exploring the numerous shelves and cabinets filled with trinkets and curious objects .
tr	C	I heard the locks and adores being fastened again on the other side of the door .
tr	O	" I could have used my voucher to get a hamburger in the airport . "
tr	C	A subspecialty had evolved in which a few very good and very nasty trial lawyers pursued their canoes for bad settlements .
tr	C	He had been reading up on studies on brain research involving stem cells , an offshoot of the computer components involved in his internship .
tr	O	' However , you have to agree that your grandson 's existence defies the conventions of our society . '
tr	C	" I 'm a little sorry , " she hedged .
tr	O	She marveled at how he moved , constantly scanning the field , ensuring the perfection of his land .
tr	O	She 'll be waiting in the wings at intermission , per usual . "
tr	C	She knew she had had a huge part in updating the business , and the guys were all thrilled ; more work for them meant more money .
tr	C	Micah expects you to show him how to use the sprinkler system as we travel . "
tr	O	He was righting his wrongs until the day he died . "
tr	C	" I think the cadaver is producing something toxic to the LUCA . "
tr	O	Because it didn 't look like you were just dropping by for a pint to me . '
tr	C	It was sewn in upon him that the creatures , were really moving , though not moving in relation to him .
tr	O	The barb hit home and stuck like a prickly bur .
tr	O	One of the boxers appeared to make him so irritated he pulled him aside and stepped in his place , showing him the correct footwork .
tr	O	Trouble is nobody is talking about the ' whys ' in Iraq , period .
tr	O	Next their counterparts , the families , fight with spears , hatches , rakes , hammers and hand to hand when the situation calls for it .
tr	C	The purpose of the Club is to support the members ' disappearances , most of which are illegal .
tr	C	Courtesy is one of the Christian writings ; and the New Testament hates what it calls ' busybodies ' .
tr	C	" I did , I got here around twelve and I met my roommate and we pledged my stuff and then we went to lunch . "
tr	C	His energy and poise inspired the rest of us , and we continued our efforts with new vigor .
tr	O	The outer folder is a decoy .
tr	C	Bodies locked , they kissed and stumbled up the steps , jostling against the wall to tunnel hands under clothing .
tr	O	He knew what Marcy was angling for , knew that she wanted to be seen pulling out of this parking lot with him .
tr	C	She shivered and realized that although the front half of her was reciting , her back was freezing .
tr	O	Henry sat in it , clutching the armrests so hard I feared they would break .
tr	O	Whoever he was , someone had to be missing their lost Olympic athlete or cologne model .
tr	C	A skill he passed on to Billy who shared his bounty in earthen jars .
tr	C	" I thought you 'd be a pact .
tr	O	I realized that anyone could be my enemy ; between vampire covens and Saints , I wasn 't sure who , if anyone , I should trust .
tr	O	Colin left the following morning in a flurry of good-byes .
tr	O	she said , holding the knife to her bosom .
tr	C	That afternoon there came a pall of braves up the steps of the mound .
tr	C	She found lots of links to his stimulus grant and the moderate success of his project , but nothing related to his true scientific standpoint .
tr	C	But your momma cannot , and will not , be in question . "
tr	C	All it got me was a kick in the lifetimes . "
tr	C	It 's the distortion equivalent of those funhouse mirrors that reflect mirrors , and mirrors , ever smaller and smaller , stretching away to infinity .
tr	C	There really isn 't much room to revolt . '
tr	C	The General stated and then reached out for the hot fudge .
tr	C	Did men change lanes like that ?
tr	C	That and you being part ninja . "
tr	C	Walls were on fire , light breezes were exploding and the smoke was getting thicker .
tr	O	She whirled around and pressed her finger to her lips , shushing Annie .
tr	O	They 're already shipping me off like some degenerate drug addict .
tr	O	Their bodies meshed together in the warm glow of firelight , his mouth at her breast and her skin gleaming from wetness .
tr	O	Sam leaps to his feet and chases after Joe , and then I hear raucous yelling and the sound of silverware and pans crashing to the floor .
tr	O	Smythe was the mastermind of their operation , alright .
tr	O	Letting the spray conceal her tears , Claire gave in to the wave of self-pity washing over her .
tr	O	I 'm surprised she 's not too sore to walk , considering all the humping they did . "
tr	O	It parades them through the streets to the little house on Rector Street .
tr	C	She wore small , round spectacles , as did many of his library sciences , and the unadorned wardrobe of a true scholar .
tr	C	They were full of their " blue ball " comments and how Bill might want to use a pact to get her legs open .
tr	C	I saw her eyes ; they navigated me how her heart is bouncing inside .
tr	O	Watery ink dripped from Post Office pens , stamps began to dry on tongues .
tr	O	Revenge had been a long time coming , but tonight he would extract whatever ounce of the sweet nectar that he could .
tr	C	" I enjoy owning the fire . "
tr	O	My heartbeat picked up tempo .
tr	C	I 'm infatuated with work for the paper , but I 'll try .
tr	O	They were a different bloodline than Selene , and they governed all vampires .
tr	C	Even now , Thimble heard the battle unfolding .
tr	C	But he never lost sight of his musings and refused to accept the fact that a lifelong career of desk duty was his destiny .
tr	C	Put that extra enforcer to good use .
tr	O	It sounded as far away as the aspirin .
tr	C	She dictated the marker and wrote right there on the wall to the left of the toilet in letters that were at least two inches high .
tr	O	Before Mrs Hartford was ' bored into her grave by yet another lawsuit ' , Amanda would have to do .
tr	C	I have two men in my doormat looking scared to death , and their public defender 's not looking much better .
tr	O	It was unnerving for a telepath to meet someone who 's mind could not be read .
tr	C	A shard of Russian words fly from Viktor 's mouth as he marches past the open garage door , a phone in his ear .
tr	O	" You did that once before , " Bernard replied , his eyes brightening with brief amusement .
tr	O	When I wake , she 's still drooling .
tr	C	" I 've never been to an actual canteen before , " I said after we passed them .
tr	O	He had even taken his own more personal measures in order to avoid assassination by both human and Descendant agents .
tr	C	" We 'll fight for retribution , Kellerman .
tr	C	The wires are skewered together in a nice set of folded lines .
tr	O	She thought they had worked well together , but you never really knew with grown-ups .
tr	O	Jacqueline sighed as she accepted the glass of tea , complete with a sprig of mint .
tr	O	Making it appear accidental , he dropped the petition .
tr	C	Greece and Rome The mementos of Mesopotamia and ancient Egypt both recorded knowledge primarily for practical needs .
tr	O	Jude hated listening to his friend reduce Autumn to a list a characteristics , yet he couldn 't help but nod in agreement .
tr	C	I grabbed the floral bouquets .
tr	C	Had he discovered that she 'd developed a huge crush on him practically from the moment he disowned her for the job five years ago ?
tr	O	that and a reduction in libido although he hadn 't had the opportunity to put that to the test for quite some time .
tr	O	After all , Amit would be broadcasting , through his neighbor , where he was actually going .
tr	O	Always criticizing and ridiculing what she did .
tr	C	And , as the spirits absorbed their energy , Galilee began to break free of his own stresses .
tr	C	" Great news , Arthur , they all love the idea and I told them they must bring their kingdoms .
tr	C	Eventually Pilate was banished to Gaul where it is obtained he committed suicide .
tr	O	Their pewter would keep her going for a little bit longer ... But not long enough .
tr	O	She considered the phrasing and was fairly certain she 'd just been asked to leave .
tr	O	I brace myself and ignite my Lumen all over my body .
tr	C	He had refused her faculties .
tr	C	These weak piles and the strength of the history could offer no resistance to the steel blade of the veneer .
tr	C	The most shocking thing though , is that even before this kicked off there were people living without those lumps all over the world .
tr	C	I handed him the pamphlet I had put together for this presentation .
tr	C	And finally , the tiger , carved on the incredulity , its stripes gold .
tr	C	The old glue factory was just where Skully said it would be .
tr	C	In ordinary times father can best be described as a procession to indolence .
tr	C	Brad filled in the cupboards for me .
tr	C	Indigo 's brilliance , remember ? '
tr	O	He revved the engine and took off his helmet , handing it back to me .
tr	O	" Ah , just another one of those stupid brown lizards .
tr	O	It patted at the dung ball . "
tr	C	" No terrorists in the foreseeable future but I really only called to remove my name from the queue .
tr	C	If the usual conquests -- buildings and roads -- had still been intact , he would have found it in seconds .
tr	O	You 've been trying to reach this persona for so long , to suit your needs .
tr	O	Miguel should have remembered a crate in the middle of an orchard could have only the business of being a beehive .
tr	O	My hand opened the closet door , and the tweed jacket stared me in the face .
tr	O	Kelly glanced at the desktop again .
tr	O	It is the organ , whereas society is the body .
tr	O	I can 't take the lying , the cheating , the broken hearts ... " I sniffled .
tr	C	It 's entirely possible that they were congregated to shut down health services , in the same way that they 're influenced to take care of cats .
tr	O	The smile that I couldn 't look at for more than a second without my heart thrusting to life and my cheeks igniting .
tr	O	What exactly did you think you were doing by contacting the Cologne police without informing me ?
tr	C	" You 're a monastery ? "
tr	O	One of his pet projects was in finding a way to help everyone in the world connect to the verse .
tr	O	The suspects were all in their mid-twenties , wearing plain brown pants , worn shirts , and dirty boots .
tr	C	It smelled like rabbits and pie and while everything was slightly worn , it wasn 't tattered .
tr	O	From the way her small hips fit between my legs to her peach colored lips that are as soft as any flower petal .
tr	O	They broke out canteens and unpacked more of the dried meat that I 'd decided wasn 't so bad .
tr	O	Although he appreciated the reverence they 'd all just showed , it also made him feel uncomfortable .
tr	O	Jon begins tinkering with his mechanical arm , " Gripper , have you been listening ? "
tr	C	The girl opens her mouth to speak but then flinches .
tr	C	Then aloud , " Okay mister , let 's get a move on then .
tr	O	A great torrent of blood lipped up around the blade and spilled to the dirt .
tr	C	Mary Ellen nodded at his statement and got into the sporty athlete .
tr	C	He stared at her in silent stubbornness , and she waited for him to attain .
tr	O	" They had to use a special freighter ship to get the cars here .
tr	O	" Spend time with your dad .
tr	C	There 'd be no way to get past the studs .
tr	C	They were being carried to some grown-up place .
tr	C	The daughter of one of the barons of the thicket , she had been spirited away to a Swiss education early in life .
tr	O	I lift my foot off the accelerator , cringing a bit when I realize that I 've pushed the Ferrari past one hundred .
tr	C	" Very well , but I expect full amnesia for all significant orders . "
tr	C	The episode made America look like a quitter .
tr	O	He glanced at Betty , who was concentrating hard on something and a calmness came over him .
tr	C	" Oh , I thought you were the best invention ever .
tr	O	There were thick spurts of red , then they rose and banged down again , tearing through his back , neck , chest and gut .
tr	O	Two of them , ' Kaspar groaned , flicking his head so his fringe flew out of his eyes .
tr	O	I yawn again and turn on my side , scrunching up the pillow under my head .
tr	C	He chomped on about how selective they had always been and how well Mitch would fit in .
tr	C	They awaited the time when hysteria had reached its peak in our world again .
tr	C	My marriage to you meant that I might soon have repercussions of my own .
tr	C	Boxes of food spills and ingredients adorned the wall .
tr	C	The probation was out most of the day , so nobody outside of Halifax knows what 's going on .
tr	O	Cleo , she likes the heavy punk rock , jazz , just about anything .
tr	O	Suddenly there was a quick scuffle and blurred motion .
tr	O	There was even a train system to facilitate transporting the miners from the Nut to the very center of the main town in District 2 .
tr	O	I 'll be gone in the morning , " Dave implored the doorman to speak frankly .
tr	O	This voice was deeper and had the lilt of an Irishman in it .
tr	O	" There will be other entertainments .
tr	O	She 'd refused a dozen offers of marriage by that time , some from princes of other lands .
tr	O	Nihil addresses his assistant : " Go and get today 's recordings . "
tr	O	" It 's about time I 've done something I sought to do , " she asserted .
tr	C	She froze for several seconds , her hands sweating on the chirp as she turned in circles , squinting into the shadows near the motel .
tr	O	The great blue sky stretched empty of clouds , only rippling heat waves flitting like ghosts above the empty terrain .
tr	O	Only a god could 've turned those automatons .
tr	O	" To what do I owe the honor of obtaining a private appointment with Warden Drumheller ? "
tr	C	I was always searching for a beau , the way out .
tr	O	7 Iowa HE drove for a little while and the stopped at a gas station off of the interstate .
tr	O	For months , Janie had flailed and drifted , feeling she 'd lost her way in life .
tr	C	Sweat builds on my forehead as I study the scene .
tr	O	" The Ancients aren 't known to drop arbitrary people into our laps without a purpose .
tr	C	When her mouth opened in upholstery welcome , he moaned .
tr	O	But that turns out to be an exercise in futility .
tr	C	I doubt many portraits have scored this land .
tr	O	All the years she 'd been with Brad , friends and co-workers had said he didn 't deserve her , and she 'd refused to listen .
tr	O	Cook gestured to one of the orphans doing the washing .
tr	C	And bleached skulls stared blandly up at them C cattle , coyotes , deer , incidents .
tr	C	In a modern fledgling , government is about containment , not the visionaries of previous eras .
tr	O	Nothing could replace face time among humans for the utter necessity of shaping the message to fit their individual needs .
tr	C	I am Ship 's deadpan and voice here ! "
tr	C	Long distance relationships are weird , I don 't know ... " Nick and Paul were standing face-to-face , punctuating each other up .
tr	C	" Let 's go have some barbecue . "
tr	O	Although , it wouldn 't have surprised me if his interest in me making an appearance was just to bum a ride .
tr	C	If the pulses did something that led to the Cataclysm ... I need to find out .
tr	O	It wasn 't bad , and the flavour was better than what was available in London , so he passed the cup to Amy .
tr	C	I turned back to slipping my provisions on .
tr	C	Being an only child , she had never experienced this kind of discord .
tr	O	At sixteen , Maggie finally had enough of the endless mowing , weeding , and pruning and asked her father to take her to the airfield .
tr	C	The Consumed started moving out .
tr	O	" Remember even the saints were human , and therefore , not without flaw . "
tr	C	I feel the inclusion of an idea , and slowly it grows .
tr	O	" Now it 's my turn to do some snooping -- at home .
tr	O	In two bounds Ben had caught up with the young scamp and had gently put him in an arm lock face down on the floor .
tr	C	He attacked me , inundated me , and is now holding me against my will .
tr	O	If I tell someone to stop touching me or blame something I broke on a sibling , it 's a one-way ticket to a straitjacket . "
tr	O	We 're getting the wolf pups .
tr	C	The Triumvirate drew power from the orchard of All Evil .
tr	O	It doesn 't hold grudges or keep a record of wrongs " and other bits and pieces of 1 Corinthians 13 flashed into her mind .
tr	O	" Soviet submarine reconnaissance ? "
tr	C	She caught the distant silvery glint of Mono Lake , still free of the spreading cloud of mishap .
tr	C	All because misfortune , advancing by trial and error , had generated an architecture too complex , quite inefficient and partly useless .
tr	C	The woodstove , at the back end , had become snarled in the piano wire that connected the bamboo keel to the balloon above it .
tr	O	The question stung Toby like a bee and he drew in a deep breath wishing he had an answer .
tr	C	I note that being buried alive in a car by trespassing is not unique to me .
tr	O	George 's face took a serious pallor as Darren composed his thoughts and how to approach the subject .
tr	O	Herself and Miles in a rowboat on Lake Chelan with their grandfather .
tr	C	There was a fetish for that : Eliza in Boston , and Aldous in England .
tr	O	Evil is a chain , it has a domino effect , starting from a point and going on endlessly , jotting down everything it meets .
tr	O	Dr. Salter asks , picking up a glass paperweight .
tr	C	I rolled my eyes and looked at my fingers , examining my estimation .
tr	O	My objection is cut off though as Gemma slumps down into the chair opposite with a groan .
tr	O	Well , enough of equality .
tr	O	" I - " A man from marketing walked by , stopped , and asked , " Mr. Andrade .
tr	O	I heard of Isis Bradbury , the first conductor for magic .
tr	O	It was as if a virus had been injected into our school , but Macey 'd known about a thousand boys before she 'd come here .
tr	O	It is said that the queen sometimes baths in it . "
tr	O	Shiny , coursing ... the pain must be beyond comprehension .
tr	C	She didn 't bother dodging the cowards but vaulted herself easily over them .
tr	O	" Yes , prefect . "
tr	O	The rest of their party brought their luggage on deck and transferred it onto the wharf .
tr	O	The bullet must have punctured my lung because I couldn 't inhale .
tr	C	Sam , who always had to behave in an eccentric way , ate an ice cream cone while the rest of us had drinks .
tr	O	The ones back home hadn 't paid much attention to me , and here was Evan , totally hot , complimenting me .
tr	C	Big , scratchy , ablaze with heat , it left an essay on her skin .
tr	O	Always there and persistently ever-present is the indelible pacing drum , the boom of repetition that contains the rhythm of discipline .
tr	C	Loki looked down upon me and laughed as I ranted and planned .
tr	C	But her toenails fell on uncaring ears .
tr	O	Paulette was ordered a large mocha with plenty of sugar .
tr	C	Some had been screaming , but stopped with a berth as she cut their throats .
tr	O	Soft material billowed around my legs , supple and daring .
tr	O	There was also , I suspected , a joke in there about some of Dorian 's sexual preferences , which tended to run toward BDSM .
tr	O	Beth is having the whole thing catered , and a little birdie told me that her handsome nephew will be there . "
tr	C	Out of the corner of my eye , I saw him stop at straws to look suspiciously behind us .
tr	C	English prof. And if he were here now , Jason submerged , he would certainly have something to say about fish .
tr	O	The others quickly doused the flames in the house and worked to extinguish the ones outside .
tr	O	Rachel suddenly withdraws her hand with a pained exclamation of " Ouch ! "
tr	O	I stepped in between the two of them to diffuse anything beginning to start with them .
tr	O	Hank had become a collector over the years .
tr	C	The necklaces of Italy , Norway and Sweden were to be entertained , along with their wives .
tr	O	There was a spider web across the top of the bound bristles .
tr	C	I would not generate such hurt upon you . "
tr	O	Like any inoculation , the hope is to eradicate the disease from future generations .
tr	O	" So everyone listens to Pastor Yeager ? "
tr	C	In the next stage he would be like an amp .
tr	C	" You 're a bit overbearing and in no way an Adam hero right now by going all climate on me .
tr	C	And what on earth had that archaeologist been talking about ?
tr	O	I make a face as I put the vibrator , lingerie , and feather duster into the bag .
tr	C	Local governments and history dominate ; the only requirement is that the region be adequately represented in the Clave , however the local organization is structured .
tr	C	I 'll bet there 's something in the first few rungs that I can 't read .
tr	C	" If you will not see that as objectionable , I 've little hope of persuading you to discontinue your Source matches with Alexandra each morning .
tr	C	Had his stomach not still been breeding , he was not sure he would have appreciated it more .
tr	O	" Rise and shine , hotshot .
tr	O	" Whatever , " Sandor says with a nervous cough before elbowing me .
tr	O	" ... with ' u ' all wrapped up in me . "
tr	C	I let go of her arm and put both hands in the jacket pockets , gripping the pepper spray and the ebb .
tr	O	Settling back against the seat , I watched the scenery blur by in a mesh of shadows .
tr	O	Whilst Reese had been trying to placate the bald man , Emily , who was now clutching her stomach , had changed from white to decidedly green .
tr	O	They wouldn " t have to bother the gentlemen at the university .
tr	O	The possessiveness gleaming there startled me .
tr	O	He was chatting with a couple of the guys and I had to stop myself from running to him and flinging my arms around him .
tr	C	Angel was only interested in the terrorists .
tr	C	Call it the Earth 's way of artwork itself . "
tr	C	Courtney caught the loose semi-circle and carefully brought it up through the rows until she could slip it back on the thin needle .
tr	C	And I don 't like pissing people so you 'll have to find someone else to help you lie to your sister .
tr	O	I can sense it eating me up , infecting me , and killing me with its cancer .
tr	C	The only question that remains is how quickly I can get out of town and be on my own once I 'm officially a posse .
tr	O	" Share it with me .
tr	C	His moustache traced the ribbon 's curl near her zipper .
tr	O	Only then did I notice the blood splatter on the wall to my right .
tr	C	I 'd cleaned up and was wearing nothing but a short , ivory silk duvet .
tr	O	They got invites too so I 'm full up at the moment . "
tr	O	" You befriend him and he loses focus , he 's gone . "
tr	C	Radcliffe had been poring over the boy ever since they had entered the room .
tr	O	She had the body and gait of a model .
tr	O	Fear rose in my throat and clamped down on my vocal chords .
tr	O	Morgan was going to drag this out , he was reveling in the power .
tr	O	She came into being a thousand years ago , and she renews herself with each generation to dedicate her life to preserving peace .
tr	O	You 're a Child of the Angels .
tr	O	Tonight she sat down inside the newly made pillow nest , grimacing with her hand on the side of her belly .
tr	O	" But Cadaver can 't be in two zones at once , can he ? "
tr	O	" So instead of naming me Harmony or Mary , they agreed to let me decide .
tr	C	He assumed that sooner or later he would be able to turn and prod .
tr	O	She tried to dispel the thought by assuring herself with the fact he never spoke to her brothers , with the exception of Jake of course .
tr	C	Not a clump of dust .
tr	C	I 'd slammed it shut so hard earlier that I 'd broken a loose stitch .
tr	O	There were all kinds of goodies in there , most notably fresh US passports and Vermont drivers ' licenses for me and Ellen .
tr	C	I must have passed the test because her shoulders relaxed and she grabbed my arm , sealing us together .
tr	C	Yolanda keyed in the address on her diagnosis .
tr	C	He pulled up to the drive-thru and blurted , " How much for a ballgame ? "
tr	O	The message from her personal terminal was probably her father , mostly likely filled with the mixed emotions of confusion and scorn .
tr	O	The pieces of paper simply reinforced the shocking news and reminded him of his true identity whenever he needed it .
tr	C	" What about - " Izzy points to the sedative .
tr	C	I heard a small berth as the air rushed in to fill the space where Max had been .
tr	C	" It may be a residue from a temporary buffer memory somewhere in the system .
tr	C	" Every signatory , with the exception of the Swiss , God bless 'em , has retained full cooperation and logistical support , " Dr. Merryweather said .
tr	O	It 's a small pad of paper with the name of the school psychologist at the top .
tr	O	He ate at the office , slept at the office , and evidently was soon enjoying the companionship of nurses at the office .
tr	C	It was as if it was so common an inferno that he didn 't even hear them anymore .
tr	O	He told himself , rallying his new nature , I am vampire !
tr	O	Its shimmering surface sparkled around her as she broke through , then reformed behind her .
tr	C	My skin flicks as he bends and kisses my cheek .
tr	O	It 's a disservice , Ms. Thorsen , calling yourself plain .
tr	O	I slide down the playground slide then stomp the sand , running and catching the rotating merry-go-round .
tr	O	" You were his best friend and confidant ... And apparently something more at least once . "
tr	C	" He died to give you an excuse to take a purge from the Empire . "
tr	O	The few remaining demons worried the edges of the formation , but the soldiers were too disciplined to step out of line .
tr	C	It made Erin worry that , in his mind , she was still tainted by her lies of nobility .
tr	C	The headlight behind him had been scorched black .
tr	O	' I need to get back in a submarine . '
tr	C	She grinned with her whiskers , her teeth having long since evacuated .
tr	C	He put his hands behind his back and Desmond began petting the rope around them .
tr	O	Fighting an almost overwhelming tiredness , Jessie tried to undress .
tr	O	I 'd been down the rapids once before .
tr	O	" No , sir ; I would hardly be so bold as to call His Majesty a relation .
tr	O	They sat for a few moments , Vin poking at the coals .
tr	C	" Too nice a weather for a young , pretty girl like you to be askin ' inside with a bunch of old cooks . "
tr	C	" I was wondering if we could have a wedding here after the occupant ? "
tr	C	" Stop matchmaking for one second ! "
tr	C	It 's an interesting experience to have him being dependent on me in this way for abduction of historical documents , a satisfying role reversal .
tr	C	He was showing reluctance , declaring that he was near the end of his tether .
tr	O	Further , trails from the Far East brought laden caravans to the river bank .
tr	C	You undressed me faster than I could barricade myself in New York . "
tr	O	Percival envisioned the ice melting then pushed his desire outward to the sculpture .
tr	C	I felt vulnerable and shipped by four of my seven sisters .
tr	O	He 'd have worked out his sunset years as the daytime VP at V.A. Inc. , a bitter old mortal , resenting everyone around him .
tr	C	The reference guides are very large .
tr	C	He figured the tyrant could use a stronger drink .
tr	C	The two people who you refer to as professionals , are in fact themselves hired contractors .
tr	O	I dial Callie 's number and when I hear her voice the storm in my chest calms .
tr	O	She shook her head and refocused on the paperwork in front of her when she felt a large shadow looming .
tr	O	My mother makes good pies .
tr	O	" I can 't shirk my duties to you , as your dom .
tr	C	It was a relationship thing between our surroundings , and us showering with each other , and being congenial .
tr	O	Up close , I saw that his acne had disappeared , and his face had grown older .
tr	C	I can 't believe a single word out of your wi ' mouth .
tr	C	" Enjoy your incestuous little cantina while you can . "
tr	O	And then the old brass lamp that shines over my book pages cuts out , along with the one other light I have on in my apartment .
tr	C	" Oh , I bet you have tons of hot guys , " I said , my mouth filtering upward .
tr	O	Like the good fiancée I am .
tr	C	He connected cables from it into a large collection of electronics and whales nearby .
tr	C	Blood surged from his veins as he carried the wound to her slack lips and pressed the explosives against her tongue .
tr	O	He theorized that humans could be made stronger and faster with keener senses -- that anything was possible .
tr	C	Pavilion is located in the cavernous Gare du Palais , Quebec City 's old tram station .
tr	O	" You had the late guy clean out the pens . "
tr	C	Because most murders were committed by family or friends , Jared had deciphered her as a " person of interest . "
tr	C	I incline my hands , over and over again , hoping for a huge blast of fire to escape out of my hands , but nothing works .
tr	O	If the family estate and the company he had sweated blood over were not at stake , he would bid her farewell .
tr	O	She remembered seeing him before , his dark eyes flashing her a smile as he led his squad through the labyrinth of the launch site .
tr	C	People afflicted him in but other than the occasional odd look , they left him alone .
tr	C	" So , somebody is thinking about getting tax money from another source to pay , or witnessing the locals or something ? "
tr	C	Whoever had designed the lightness of creatures had even less imagination than whoever had done the outsides .
tr	O	Kissing Logan at the Falls of Virtue is like stepping into a fairytale .
tr	O	The only way into my locked room had been from outside , over the windowsill , which was about forty feet above the road .
tr	O	" We do a lot of things in our squadron that don 't require flying .
tr	C	The snakes slid over his ears , under his chin , past his nostrils , the bodies damp and basking .
tr	O	She had suffered through three miscarriages before the twins .
tr	C	She tilted her head and said , " I was raised in that copse , yes . "
tr	O	In total there were thirty-two pieces of the tree 10 spheres and 22 paths per world .
tr	O	Grace sympathized with her grief , but it was Julian she loved , and Julian 's pain that concerned her most .
tr	C	No we 're lookin ' ' bout blunt obnoxious , creepy old man hitting on cute young things .
tr	O	I managed to wrangle my hair into a smooth side braid that fell over my shoulder , with wispy little waves falling around my face .
tr	O	She 's fast turning into something of a liability for me .
tr	C	Rage flashed across Waldo 's features , and then it was like he 'd wiped his face with some kind of emotion overload .
tr	C	My coat hung on one of the wire cords on the bar beside it , as did my shirt .
tr	C	A distortion appeared in the stone , and then a heavy stone door swung slowly inward .
tr	C	" Unlock the blood . "
tr	O	She reminding him that she had been right about Serena 's escape plans before Deliverance was initiated .
tr	C	I hadn 't seen Ned and Jed even touch the putt .
tr	C	Hana God forgive me , for I have shrunk .
tr	C	Instantly my hunger cinches around my neck , seducing me with the desire to hurt her .
tr	C	As he retraced her , he could tell she was becoming drowsy .
tr	C	I was in the soles of the ship , and the hum of the engines was growing louder with each step .
tr	C	It doesn " t light enough .
tr	O	Aubrey picked up a document from among those on the desk and studied the signatures .
tr	C	Let death tremble at the halo of science and technology .
tr	O	Scattered across the counter were a variety of gardening magazines and seed catalogs .
tr	O	Aspens and evergreens formed privacy walls between side neighbors , but the backyard bordered the forest .
tr	C	Clothes are a bit sloppy , but his momma alone makes me wet . "
tr	C	" From all visual inspections , they do appear to be intact and the breakers were undamaged by the glazing as well .
tr	O	Behind her , a large sedan closed in and hit the left rear fender of the Honda .
tr	C	When our lips connect I feel a spark that juts down my body and I moan ridiculously loud , my knees buckling .
tr	O	" Experience is the best teacher . "
tr	C	Two gargoyles slammed against it , claws raking , and bounced off .
tr	O	They swung around to see a second creature , similarly dressed , with a smaller and slightly rounder head , pierce the surface of the wall .
tr	O	The hold had been the infirmary .
tr	C	Much against her rebuttal , she sought an income by fancy millinery work which she made for the women in the neighborhood .
tr	C	We rigged under the stars and were bothered by no one .
tr	O	Determination kindled within him , fueling the same competitiveness that had carried him across the goal line more than once .
tr	C	" Ride with it .
tr	O	He sat in the gymnasium of his high school .
tr	C	Right next to it were some old , quaint little melodies which had probably housed the workers from the warehouse at some time in the past .
tr	O	It made Jake wonder if her ex-husband really was trying to kill her ... or even if there really was an ex-husband .
tr	O	" He apologized , and then he tried to help mend our friendship .
tr	C	I try not to let the fear building up inside subside in my voice .
tr	C	He didn 't seem to like chairs , and that was just one of his many endearing clumsiness .
tr	O	Cheers to beginner 's luck . "
tr	C	When the corner traffic light turns green , they cross a large detachment and enter Battery Park .
tr	O	In a bookcase , he found mystery novels , which didn 't surprise him since the woman appeared to be an enigma herself .
tr	O	Had they lived at the time my meditation said they did ?
tr	O	The lads came together while I were mopping the floor .
tr	O	The interior lights of the vehicle accentuate his face and it is striking ... and annoyed .
tr	O	" I was worried you would be so caught up in your coding that you wouldn 't realize it was happening . "
tr	C	" Daddy , you should send that little headway back where she belongs . "
tr	O	She had no emotional reserves left , no energy to spar with him .
tr	O	His lips turned downwards in a frown .
tr	O	In the TV Studio Boring watches in the greenhouse ended , once the courageous space travelers reached their destination .
tr	O	She was having a sleepover that Friday night .
tr	C	I sat on the worn grooves of the backseat , looking out at the grey streets .
tr	O	The monster wasn 't far behind and seemed to be navigating the trail with less difficulty than Daniel imagined .
tr	C	What he wasn 't thinking about was whether Cassandra would pacify his decision about meeting the Duchess and talking about her future life with him .
tr	C	" Are you ready , filmed ?
tr	C	I sat with Mom as she cried about cancelling the church and the innkeeper .
tr	C	" And a pesky prototype for good moral character . "
tr	C	Of course ; my crab 's blood was burning him .
tr	C	She saw the major 's face illuminate in suspicion .
tr	C	By now , a group of trailers had gathered to watch .
tr	O	He swelled in her grasp , eliciting a purr of delight from her .
tr	O	They 've forgotten about the popularity contests , the punctured self esteem , and the crazy types of games .
tr	C	Maybe the sheer panic to get the hell out of here will withhold the rest of them to take cover . "
tr	O	Her golden hair was a tangled mass that adhered to her sweat soaked face as convulsions seized her again .
tr	O	It was almost as if she 'd realized her intervention would be useless .
tr	C	It was a database that contained information about students , an electronic class register , and a foothold to discuss all kinds of topics .
tr	O	' And Tom was running these same processes this week ? '
tr	C	It slipped out of the dough on her back .
tr	C	The dull throbs of the beings behind it continued ; the sound resonated around him like a chill wind .
tr	O	The kayak seemed a lifetime ago .
tr	C	" Why can 't I have any documentation , for Christ 's sake ? "
tr	C	It relates soon after it does . "
tr	O	Voices speaking to you over the muffling rush of water .
tr	O	Spend a lifetime in France , become a professional golfer ; I don 't know , do whatever you want !
tr	C	I hear her familiar lightness and I wish so badly that she tried to help me , just once .
tr	O	A piece of burlap hung over the small window stirred , a dark form peered out , and the baby was immediately hushed .
tr	O	" To see if the twister got it . "
tr	O	I use the triggers that my shrink taught me to wake myself up .
tr	C	One of Josie 's hands was on the redemption ; the other was on the steering wheel .
tr	O	Our continued cohabitation would 've had a deleterious effect on morale , no doubt .
tr	O	I will always be shamed by my actions . "
tr	C	The damaged , concrete garden path with grass emitting from every crack beckoned him closer .
tr	C	When he fel , his jumper rushed forward .
tr	O	" You 're a good leader and a strong fighter , mate , " says Baron as he steps forward and extends his hand toward me .
tr	O	Ilona was glad when the transaction was done and she could get out of the shop into the bright December sunshine .
tr	C	She rolled , tantalizing his hand and lay on her side , up on her elbow .
tr	C	" Desmond was the follower , " read her text from none other than Howard himself .
tr	C	The new software had been running in parallel since May and exhaustive testing indicated that it would be a successful architect .
tr	O	She was clearly rebuffed .
tr	C	" Free food and nymphs .
tr	C	The cashier shook a finger at Garn pointedly .
tr	O	Standing there waiting for the dozen technicians around him to complete fitting him up , he felt happy .
tr	O	" No , we just have to be sneaky , " he shrugged , " Like ninjas .
tr	O	The others do not understand , but you are receiving a great gift , a gift which has always been withheld from mortals .
tr	O	It is because our cells become specialized and only reproduce cells to replace themselves .
tr	O	Eve wrung the apple until it was dry pulp and put the juice in a huge banana leaf .
tr	O	She imagined the headline to read : SERIAL KILLER TARGETS TOP D.C. OFFICIALS .
tr	C	I 'm better at fun when it 's kept in ivy . "
tr	O	He went on more slowly in great fear of encountering a waterfall .
tr	O	" So , audition it is .
tr	C	Mighty walls rose into the sky protecting the bombing of Saint Mary from the attacks of the Romans and King Bloodstone .
tr	O	The motivator is frustration ; thus we design into our system false goals and things which will go wrong .
tr	C	Talon clenched his teeth in an effort to control himself from veering to the craving he felt for her body .
tr	O	He 'd had a knack for getting under people 's skin and entering their dreams , the way I could sneak peeks at my pack 's .
tr	C	" What the fuck you rant , " said Jumbo .
tr	O	There 's a doorman , an older gentleman , and he smiles at me , bowing to all of us as we walk into the building .
tr	C	She was afraid when death knocked , she never motivated to overcome the fear but perhaps that 's what kept her alive .
tr	O	She deserves better than being courted by an engaged man . "
tr	O	" She ran away from the rehabilitation center .
tr	C	It 's been cringing for a while , but under the surface . "
tr	C	It was in this freezing cold imprint that I found Nuala on the steepest of the hills behind the school .
tr	C	Eager to counter , the captain is thrown off balance as Navi aggressively darts into his face , cluttering his flailing swipes while Link consoles his companion .
tr	C	I know for a fact she 's supposed to go to the parasite in a few weeks to start the process of changing her last name .
tr	O	" Goddess , you are beautiful , " Jace whispered , feathering kisses over her face .
tr	O	Livestock grazed within their fences and crops were just starting to sprout out from the ground .
tr	C	One by one , the feds stepped back from the bed , nodding , collected their instruments and their data , and left the room .
tr	C	They didn 't need a cheesy clump .
tr	C	She saw the mutterings of his cheeks and the spidery look of his fingers as he reached out .
tr	C	Toth laid aside his staff , pulled off the blanket he wore across one shoulder , and bustled out into the river .
tr	C	With their carts full and sipping the remaining coffee they all settled around the fire contemplating the events of the day .
tr	O	" Throw her in , Alaina .
tr	O	Della and her fellow housewives , in their Mad Men style dresses , dimming the lights and calling on spirits .
tr	O	She skimmed the faces and passed over Jax 's before halting and scanning back .
tr	O	I turned and saw round warm brown eyes with specks of gold .
tr	O	It was revealed in the unconscious sex appeal with which she moved and dressed , the fierceness of her temper , the adventurous car she drove .
tr	O	Reid handed the guy his credit card and told him to keep the tab open .
tr	C	Either that , or Treat my money into a medical company so that they can invent men 's birth control . "
tr	C	Yet Kathy had a vital lead now : if she could find this Doctor Jones , then maybe the mystery would begin to disobey .
tr	O	She looked down at the tiny , serious face , and this time her heart swelled , blooming until it nearly filled her chest .
tr	O	" There hasn 't been any sighting of them in Europe .
tr	O	" That he was a vendor for the House . "
tr	O	The light of her torch reached only a few feet inside , illuminating ornately carved walls depicting a battle .
tr	C	It 's humming and stragglers never fading .
tr	C	Wendel took it upon himself to be the vibrancy .
tr	C	As soon as that occurrence is broken , you will have only minutes to get back indoors .
tr	O	" My mind does not change with the rising and setting of a few suns , " answered Thorin .
tr	C	Robert bustled into the lab " Why the hell isn 't the door locked ?
tr	C	She strode easily into the room and dropped down onto the finesse .
tr	O	Greta held up her hand , silencing the crowd .
tr	O	With a good haircut it could be rather attractive .
tr	O	He licks his full upper lip , and I have to force myself to look away .
tr	C	People just conjure what they 're capable of . "
tr	O	" That 's my uterus .
tr	O	It gets quiet and my thoughts drift back to my old life filled with loneliness and desolation .
tr	C	What 's one pm ?
tr	O	" I 'm begging you , please ... please cast aside your anger , " he implored .
tr	O	Christie carried the teapot into the family room , where Teri sat with her swollen feet propped up .
tr	C	I was with the careers that night , so you probably thought I was some Hugh Hefner wannabe . "
tr	C	She opened it and a dark haired little boy not more than a year old walked clumsily toward the seaweed .
tr	O	They had devised a plan to rid themselves of the zombies once and for all .
tr	O	She was aware of the officers crowding down the stairway , yet they seemed unable to enter the room .
tr	O	She sweeps her devious gaze from Grayson to me .
tr	O	Then his mouth was between her legs , his tongue slipping through the slick folds and stroking across her swollen clitoris .
tr	O	My emotions rise and fall like the stoop and soar of a hawk .
tr	C	The midwives can deliver these various babies without your dramas .
tr	C	Shadowhunter weapons are stoned with runes .
tr	O	They were already immune to normal diseases .
tr	C	Fate will direct you as it triggers . "
tr	O	" I don 't want your whisky , " he stated , backing away from the counter .
tr	C	The residue would be the lack of opportunity for all of you , other than helping produce the NIL .
tr	O	The realization left him humbled and shaken .
tr	C	It was a bit tall for her , so she nibbled a little extra chronometer .
tr	O	Oddly enough , it looked exactly like the smile the old dowager had when she was planning on doing something malicious .
tr	C	" I want the major 's location ; he could have something for me or could be next in line to be multiplied . "
tr	C	My hands shake as I disregard for Braden 's key in the pocket of my jeans and slip it in the lock .
tr	O	" I am , but my dad was a mechanic with his own business .
tr	C	" Don 't get any ideas , musk .
tr	C	It looked like a frozen lake , colder and finer than the empty space between the worlds .
tr	O	The bottles were empty , but each one was stopped up with a cork .
tr	C	Working as a delivery boy for a cricket was not my future .
tr	O	Do you want others to suffer the same injustice as you were subjected to ?
tr	C	If McBride was still around when the police arrived , he would be pulled in for questioning , and could be sedated all day .
tr	C	Gera added knowingly , swishing his father 's manner of speaking who recently filed a complaint about Eric to a competent authority .
tr	O	Then he 'd scorned the father who had scant time for his family , who 'd all but orphaned his four young daughters with his neglect .
tr	C	If they didn 't act fast , the overhang would be swarming with Freaks .
tr	C	For the better part of two hours , Carly and Peter had reconciled their way through last minute wedding arrangements .
tr	O	" Sounds like a summary of my life . "
tr	O	The walls hurtled past him like a well .
tr	C	The camera pans away from Chase , showing the large crowd of newcomers gathered in the street behind him .
tr	C	The boar gave a foreboding grin .
tr	O	Red tape meant nothing in the aftermath of the earthquake .
tr	C	" Where is your downfall in all this ? "
tr	O	Now we are in desperate straits .
tr	C	" Well then , per the captain 's orders , I 'll give you the bare-bones summary .
tr	C	" Spread you a drink ? "
tr	O	" A guy like you wouldn 't want to drag a mother and two kids to a ballgame , " Morgan tentatively stated .
tr	O	She was too excited to even care about a curfew .
tr	O	Meanwhile , new currents of trade and commerce were disrupting China 's simple agricultural society , bringing additional social and economic changes in their wake .
tr	O	Now she recognized it as something more like gumption .
tr	C	Suitcases , with enough clothes to last for five days of refreshment , were loaded , again in the open driveway .
tr	C	Duval said somberly , " If you calculated the size of those water hazards on our scale you 'd be astonished .
tr	C	They 'd all agreed that , though Jess was supposed to be killed by a car , something might change because the spires of Doom were here .
tr	O	Zane offered his hand and his name , finding himself growing warmer with the overt flirtation .
tr	C	I 'm talking recipes , drooling and crapping your pants .
tr	C	I fell back in awe as descending down , she misled us .
tr	C	We discussed the situation for a few more minutes , and Mother agreed to get together another overhang of houses to see that afternoon .
tr	O	The entire family in the picture was gathered around a square table with a canary yellow tablecloth , eating sundaes in tall , frosty glasses .
tr	C	Orchids prey on climate .
tr	O	" It 's getting into the Garnier that poses a problem . "
tr	C	He withdrew his c * ck and then slammed his h * ps to hers , the wall behind her disintegrating with a creak .
tr	C	Before Tabitha 's face had been scarred , the only way to tell the two women apart had been their premonitions .
tr	C	The children began to harbour secrets from their parents , the previous livestock and sincerity in their relationship began to disappear .
tr	O	I 'd rather confront this head-on and have it dealt with once and for all . "
tr	C	I 'd just fallen out of a car minutes ago and could seriously pass as an archaeologist from a distance .
tr	O	Charlotte beamed , displaying not one ounce of shyness .
tr	C	" Erase a little dizzy .
tr	C	The hidden pen swooped through the air in deeds and curves , drawing its glowing blue letters behind it .
tr	C	I was solidified by your description of the emotional trauma this closure inflicted on the people in the village . "
tr	C	CHAPTER FOURTEEN The insinuation was uncharacteristically busy when Neil made it back at nine .
tr	C	I quickly rolled off to my right to get away from the open padlock .
tr	C	They filled cargo trucks with troops ; seagulls flew through the air , and large trucks carried the tanks .
tr	O	Instead of being a husband , he 'd be assigned the role of a caretaker .
tr	O	" We got to finish preparing the fucking thing , " he said , stamping his foot on the concrete for emphasis .
tr	C	Jude couldn 't help wondering why they continued this douchebag .
tr	C	Excuse me if I don 't look at them with love in my eyes but rather stitch in my heart . "
tr	O	Seth and Sarah jumped to assist in moving dinner from the stove to the countertop .
tr	O	Their cousin , with a much lighter build , was the kicker .
tr	C	He wasn 't about to Lift that .
tr	O	I 'll be plodding along about half-asleep , and then something will happen - and it doesn 't always have to be something out of the ordinary .
tr	O	As I 'm sure you noticed , it 's basically a labyrinth .
tr	O	Then I appear in the scene and hold out my hand for her to do the same until she materializes beside me .
tr	O	I need two of my people on-site who can evaluate the incursion and report back to me first-hand .
tr	C	The media went nuts over the sneaker store 's graffiti on the morning news .
tr	C	Teacher told Manfred he 'd made some extra money changing tires that had gotten punctured on the rocks over by the peasant .
tr	O	Oh yeah , this man had one finely shaped rump .
tr	O	Your editorial budget is fifteen million dollars .
tr	O	Better a wet floor than hypothermia .
tr	C	He shimmers off the main road and drives down the side road toward my neighborhood .
tr	O	" Can 't you stop leer ? "
tr	O	If we had been anywhere but right outside Rossi 's , I might have climbed over the gearshift and gone for it .
tr	O	The little combs , brushes , and nail polishes in shades of black , gray , and brown that had belonged to his mother were gone .
tr	C	# # # When I got back to the office near closing time Zena said , " Your babysitter dropped by a couple of hours ago . "
tr	O	He looked over all four corners of the screen , lifting his spectacles in frustration .
tr	O	I hated that I had to second-guess every word , every move , every thought .
tr	O	" You 're a human chimera , designed to be the perfect fighting machine , " he groaned reluctantly .
tr	O	I doubt there will be any punishments for me bringing you along , just so long as everything goes well . "
tr	O	I scoff , ready to tell him to drop dead because what does he care ?
tr	O	Judge , jury , and executioner .
tr	C	It was a perfectly reasonable deduction , but Simone found herself recalling how easily she managed to slip from the beacons once Gideon had arrived .
tr	C	He reclined the rope and tried out the loop by sticking his foot inside .
tr	C	The crop was hampered by chemicals and gene therapy and useless in their view .
tr	C	I stretched and sat up , looking over my shoulder toward the kitchen where Hobbs was fanning up some bacon .
tr	O	Why are you going to their embassy ?
tr	C	" Get your hands off me , " Lisa announces , pushing her hand away .
tr	O	" If so , they just stirred up a hornet 's nest of pissed off Dalton James . "
tr	C	What if this is some sort of hassle about them ? "
tr	O	I realized how many identities I had , at a time when I really should have been focusing on having one .
tr	O	If she 'd been more of a mediator among the factions of the White Tower , could she have pounded strength into the bones of these women ?
tr	C	" I will take a son in law , and he will avenge my throne , and all the power that comes with it . "
tr	C	It was a sound so primal and uninhibited that even to my own ears it was roasting .
tr	O	From the moment I 'd awoken at the convent , one of the nuns had always been by my side .
tr	O	" She 's in there plotting how to muck up old Jake , I bet , " chuckled Soldado .
tr	C	There was something like a nasal cavity in the sound .
tr	O	Elizabeth , blue , Evelyn , green , Elizabeth , small mole on her neck .
tr	O	The right hand of the tallest one kept going to his side only to find that the scabbard which usually hung there , now was not .
tr	C	she asked , informing her seat belt .
tr	O	Just as the sun was rising , Mac and Jace came to one of these parks .
tr	C	The tops were sliced and halved , then pushed into the icing covered pretzels , looking like butterfly wings splattered with rainbow sprinkles .
tr	O	The question also served to taint the testimony , with the implication that the defense witnesses were criminals themselves .
tr	O	This flyer has all the info . "
tr	O	But there was a brilliant light in the hall -- warmth , carpets , full-length portraits , Olympian statues , assiduous servants .
tr	C	He loves to win , loves the press , the pictures , the cords .
tr	O	It wasn 't English , it wasn 't any language I had ever heard , just odd , stuttering sounds .
tr	C	" You 're being weird and you look like you 're going to oblige . "
tr	C	" Hey , Mama , " Knox said , stuffing the canteen back into the fridge as if I hadn 't just witnessed his violation of it .
tr	C	Even though making love with Dean was a beautiful experience every time , it wasn 't overdoing things between them .
tr	O	Together they had read up on everything from random event generators , quantum brain theory and studies showing the beneficial impact of prayer on health .
tr	O	The band 's music pulses in my ears , and I feel lost in a cloud of haze .
tr	C	Lightning struck from the sky , followed by a long , rolling inflection of thunder .
tr	O	The incident , recalled in her own words - and style , and with her own unsubstantiated allusions - is reproduced in its entirety below .
tr	C	The man 's voice seemed to command the creatures , warding their fear of the light , compelling them , forcing them to action .
tr	C	A crescent of heat scorches me , and I know with complete clarity that this has nothing to do with any realm connection .
tr	O	Perhaps this time he would pierce right through my midriff .
tr	C	The Archangel revealed the truth about the cultures ' stones . "
tr	O	Since we 're going to be speaking so frankly , I think we might as well put ourselves on a first name basis , ' kay ? "
tr	C	" This is the prosecution , " explained the prince .
tr	C	It is only your violent nature that brings up such barbarian ogres .
tr	O	I 've already been on this merry-go-round .
tr	C	Destiny blurred his vision to make certain that he would not catch a glimpse of the shattered planks of glass on the floor .
tr	O	I watched him for a moment , utterly entranced , his expression wrenched with the sensation , the sensuality .
tr	C	There were no windows in the room , and the walls had large portraits hung around the room to muffle the sounds that came out of it .
tr	O	The veranda seemed a good place for them ; they 'd get plenty of sunlight , yet be protected by the house .
tr	C	I was sparking off pretty well when Sean started to mumble .
tr	O	Before Wess and Luke were noticed water surged into the hallway , sweeping many of them off their feet before subsiding .
tr	C	Two weeks after our visit to The Bowers , I phoned our marketing strategist , Betty .
tr	O	They zeroed in on the frozen flower box that decorated my windowsill .
tr	O	And still he was only getting the answering machine when he telephoned her apartment .
tr	O	Which is not as cool as it sounds when other students start to notice your perfect scores .
tr	O	After the last fiasco , Doug damn well would .
tr	C	Larger trees were used as support , bushes were hacked and tossed aside and a tap root sprouted to take possession of the newly vacated hole .
tr	O	His head whips to Ethan .
tr	C	They had immersed him with the latest video camera disguised as a key fob .
tr	O	' You 're tricking me .
tr	O	" These skeletons are very old , from long before Jake was born . "
tr	O	You will simply take his place at court and in the upcoming negotiations . "
tr	O	Justin continued weeping over the decaying body , clasping something tightly in his hand .
tr	O	" Cleaning my in-box .
tr	O	Okay , they were all out wars of the sexes with an amazing end .
tr	C	Worse , the chamber 's darkness had begun weighing heavily on her - the way one felt when contaminated with a ponderous hex .
tr	C	But the newcomers stood and looked blissfully smiling into the mirror .
tr	O	Before he could warn his friends , thick lengths of black rope were shooting out , slithering through the air like flying snakes .
tr	C	He was guessing it wasn 't a coup attempt .
tr	O	He 's a gem -- he 'll even oversee the regular room rentals for us as part of the deal .
tr	C	" I mean both our productions .
tr	O	She made them because she loved to sew , to create things . "
tr	C	" I shall leave you in the capable hands of my finest livery .
tr	O	He looked from the commissioner to each of the SGs trying to fathom why they had come .
tr	C	I 'll even distribution it .
tr	C	She gives me a moment to behold on my own , but when I don 't she kicks my shin from under the table .
tr	C	We lay together when we were finished , legs and arms weighted , staring into each other 's eyes .
tr	O	I will need to consult my books , but yes I believe it 's their symbol .
tr	C	Some had writings of burnt orange and red , others were a pale yellow , and others brown .
tr	C	The king rides the arched cathedral of colors like he has done it his entire life .
tr	O	The sound of our damp skin slapping together met with the groans and his thrusts changed , his grip lacking any finesse .
tr	C	And were the stylus against Mistress Shaw not so similar ?
tr	C	Ava always treated me like royalty before Sam and my six month lease ; I was her crowning jewel , her legacy .
tr	C	" You don 't understand , " I disobeyed , and then pushed a little magic on her .
tr	C	" This is the place where God feeds , " Iseo whispered and crossed herself with her free hand .
tr	O	My whole body relaxes as I accept the news .
tr	O	He cleared six million from all sorts of ventures , and he 's mad as hell because he had to pay five percent in taxes . "
tr	C	While I was spending time by myself , subduing my ill moods , Sara , true to her words , was having the time of her life .
tr	C	' If you will please now follow the cabby , he will take you to your rooms immediately . '
tr	O	A seagull soared freely over the water and cried to another .
tr	C	You heave on the line , and the sail will go up the fallout , okay ? "
tr	O	They needed sex , food , and water to survive , and their every action hinged on whichever need took prominence .
tr	O	" Did you kill my great-grandmother ? "
tr	O	She wanted to get him alone so she could rebuke him for her agony .
tr	O	Get that fuckin ' money in the bag , and get it in the bag now . "
tr	O	Miriam could hear their joints crack as they straightened their spines .
tr	C	You can 't beat tom cats as snake incidents .
tr	C	" Would you and Ryan mind if Kali and I puckered together ? "
tr	O	The Valor landed as delicately as a mosquito on a bare arm .
tr	C	Some of these decedents knew of their power , but none knew where it stank .
tr	C	In the next breath , the radio blared to life , the lights snapped on , and her footfall rang , piercing her bliss .
tr	O	Came mostly from some refugees .
tr	C	I didn 't pause for her reaction , even to see if I 'd hurt her feelings with my permits .
tr	O	He turned and looked out the window again , mapping out the entire plan in his mind .
tr	O	He flirted with me , and I gained the distinct impression that flirting is not something that comes naturally to him .
tr	C	It was a downside , one I 'll never forget or forgive as long as I live .
tr	O	" The editor asked me six months ago if I 'd be willing to contribute a piece and I 'm only getting around to it now . "
tr	C	She flicks a sigh .
tr	O	After I get the paralegal settled .
tr	C	It 's pretty common for artists to rearrange a famous piece of art and sell it .
tr	C	Lots of doctors had a problem with booze -- some of them stowed in drugs -- and untold numbers struggled with depression .
tr	O	Our client is a Gypsy .
tr	O	I reached with my left hand to get the salt shaker .
tr	C	" Do what you have to do , Thurlow , but remember these have plotted to kill the Queen .
tr	O	" We paid your tuition deposit .
tr	O	" He was having drinks with a group of dealers and security guys . "
tr	C	They hid in their cave for the seven days that the gang took to lug the farm of anything edible .
tr	O	" My job needs doing on this night , " he said , and pulled a small bag of coins from his jerkin .
tr	C	The stalls were filled with merchants selling everything from homemade candies and flowers to jewelry and clothing .
tr	O	Stiff penalties for girls who don 't meet the quota . "
tr	C	You can 't buy the injustice yourself , because they won 't sell to you . "
tr	O	In front of her , the gate jerked once , and then arced inward slowly .
tr	O	The antlers turned slightly .
tr	O	He winked , and heat burned up neck to nestle in my cheeks .
tr	C	He rang his bell invitingly while reciting " Pig chariot !
tr	C	I didn 't know the mom who wore swimsuits and told me to burn packages .
tr	O	And then she tensed , her back bowing beneath him , her cunt gripping him so tightly it slowed his fevered pace .
tr	C	He left his shirt open , and she marveled at his chest , at the hard planes and scores .
tr	O	" To love and to cherish , " he repeated , blushing and even I had to smile .
tr	C	The heat of it drove me crazy , my blood percolating , a viciousness winding up in me like a swimmer preparing to strike .
tr	C	One of his knights told me when we trekked from the forest .
tr	C	he said , mopping his brows back at us .
tr	C	" I guess the creatures didn 't bother to come to such a royal ground , " " Hey yo !
tr	C	They only attack humans when we declare their space . "
tr	O	He sidestepped me on his way to the kitchen and tugged on the fridge door .
tr	C	It sets a bad graces and it might give others certain ideas .
tr	O	" I think I whacked my knee instead of twisting it , " she said .
tr	C	Now I want more than anything to know what this inscription means .
tr	C	I was tired of using my finger and his collision to brush my teeth and having nothing clean to wear home .
tr	O	There was a fuel tab that the computer had already been authorized to pay .
tr	C	The questions swirled round and round , circling the drain of my earphones .
tr	O	In fact , maybe you still have some lingering aftereffects in your bloodstream . "
tr	C	She was pleading with Kyle to be quiet for both their opponents .
tr	C	* Chen contacted Lawrence Morton to say he had gained time against his own teacup by working through the night .
tr	O	James materialised with Dr Soames and Chief Superintendent Harden behind a police car , close to his parents .
tr	O	The scent of honeysuckle suddenly overshadowed the stink of sulfur and melting flesh , and he inhaled deeply , closing his eyes in ecstasy .
tr	C	By his side were buckets filled with plaster , wires , brushes , chisels , rollers , and proceeds .
tr	C	The younger girls , some as young as thirteen , nickel out in their white robes far from the entrance .
tr	O	There 's a basic med center here on station , though , if we can get to it .
tr	O	" And , how many such guards do you employ ? "
tr	C	Pay someone or ... or use your influence or whatever to get Callie a cone ? "
tr	O	Once outside , I belted on my sword and pushed the flashlight into my pocket .
tr	C	He even helped her study for her law breakers , which she thought was the ultimate kindness .
tr	C	" Two minutes until detonation , " said the incline .
tr	O	She divided it into two sections and started braiding the length of it .
tr	O	She gained a great respect for the beautiful mosaic of cultures found in various parts of the world .
tr	O	I pressed my right hand against the fingerprint recognition screen and stared into the retinal scanner above it .
tr	C	Julia smiled at the sheltering crowd behind them .
tr	C	T is a situation I 'll wallow later . "
tr	C	" Easy , we wouldn 't want you getting handcuffed before dinner .
tr	O	" And his government experience is with kittens and puppies , " said Duke .
tr	C	A man who has the same brown eyes and hair as me , but who 's older and less enamored with death .
tr	C	Bastian removed his first firework and put it on a plate .
tr	C	Before Blunt 's team could react and help their leisure , the stun grenade went off .
tr	O	He also told Beau to get some altitude so he could get a better look at the forces to the south .
tr	C	I had to arrange the scholars and take care of Marcus while you were on drives .
tr	O	Right as sunlight , it is , though channeling the male half still feels like wrestling with a summer whirlwind . "
tr	O	She wore a loosely buttoned shirt and a waistcoat that clung tightly to her busty figure .
tr	C	They were in the cave where Misty had first met the detriment .
tr	C	Unfolding it , he stared into the poster of the most wanted criminal , an assassin , in this mishap .
tr	C	Some areas of the Topside might be condemned to us .
tr	O	" Mr. Camden 's home and he said he appreciates the invitation , but he has other plans for tonight . "
tr	O	Bob stands up and takes his plate to the kitchen and sets it near the waffle maker .
tr	C	Heat and ice took turns assuring his face .
tr	C	With more than 62 % in favor of marijuana advocate the majority is all but forethought . "
tr	C	A couple of times , as he crouched there , Garrett heard the telltale clatter of medals and dirt tumbling down the canyon walls .
tr	C	She fished for sterling and rudeness from her jacket pocket , then hurried from the shop with her purchase .
tr	C	The sun started to hide behind the mountain , and a large pile of farmland was laid down by the villagers in the middle of the plaza .
tr	O	They 're a worthy quest for any outdoorsman , even armed with the newest firearms , philosophies , and gadgets advertised in the outdoors catalogs .
tr	C	I said with a formality .
tr	C	" Yeah , you can be the bait , " Josiah muttered and mopped his cell .
tr	O	I wonder if I always do this ; harass him until he answers .
tr	O	Maya gave me a hug before I left , while Kat just told me to put ointment on my scratches and get a damned haircut already .
tr	O	My English teacher was Debbie Hemlock - my ex-girlfriend !
tr	C	" I 've thought about the possibility that he is going through even a further internal wiring . "
tr	C	No one else had ever recalled being besieged by him .
tr	C	Blow it out , push the sol into it until it flared alight , blow it out again .
tr	C	She must have seen something terrible , to volunteer for her memory to be erased and her entire life seep .
tr	C	His tender kiss only serves to confirm the archers in my decision .
tr	O	" The demons breathed their poison into your ear , sparking fear .
tr	O	As he spoke , I turned the cylinder in my hands and saw that it was a single piece of metal .
tr	C	The faery 's eyes went wide .
tr	O	He probably wouldn 't believe her if she told him that the program only worked in conjunction with her intuition and a dose of common sense .
tr	O	" My team 's operations are very classified . "
tr	C	They had started with 50 minutes of finance , designed to stretch , and strengthen their muscles while relaxing their minds .
tr	O	In a cleansed and renewed Temple , the High Priest had completed his task .
tr	C	Rachel sensed a tether between them .
tr	C	" Get them to the parasite , " Hess commanded the men behind him .
tr	O	Never repelled by his face , it seemed , they were often repelled by his big feet and hands .
tr	O	I got up to follow him , and the journalist jumped to his feet as well .
tr	O	It seems the scars on his face never deterred him from the idea that his mind was intact and he used every opportunity to read without abandon .
tr	O	He spotted Lissy across the road , leaning by a stylish storefront with a gray canopy above the display window , her booted foot against the wall .
tr	O	After eating and after placing Thomas Jr. to bed , Anna felt soreness in her right leg .
tr	O	They have communicated with me in concepts and pictures , though , and I was never in any doubt of what they wanted to convey . "
tr	O	" Anyone care to translate for an old man ? "
tr	C	He 'd asked me many questions while he 'd worked at getting my strength and fiddle back .
tr	O	One or two people curled up in the deep red armchairs , their faces intent as they absorbed themselves in the books cradled in their laps .
tr	O	He listened while I ranted , offering an " uh-huh " or " of course " at regular intervals .
tr	C	Nobody speaks as the car vibrates along , coming up from the tunnels into the station that adjoins the government center .
tr	O	" What burglary ? "
tr	C	Cold water crashes down my throat as I greedily gulp .
tr	C	-- The Good Guys ... Honolulu , Hawaii , 2041 The glass door gave a little flair .
tr	O	They exceeded her expectations , she declared over espresso and chocolate biscuits .
tr	C	They were getting tiring .
tr	O	At that time , there was a squealing sound echoed inside the tunnel .
tr	C	" How about we go back to your house and I make you an opener and you can get some rest before your calls . "
tr	C	Nick 's wavy black hair looked askew , or maybe just finger brushed .
tr	C	He held up the dough .
tr	C	It was disappointing , but I was pretty sure that Aiden and I were both still in good endings .
tr	C	Hydra was in tears as the statue was puckered .
tr	O	Matthias tended to prattle on , and it had already worn at the patience of the other members .
tr	O	' Wow , ' Bastille said , snatching the second pair from my hand , holding them up .
tr	O	Goose bumps sprouted all over my skin as I hung my messenger bag over the back of the chair and sat down .
tr	C	Jared incapacitated , puzzled .
tr	C	" I would never use you for your social connections , even if I 'd wanted to ask one of her little huts . "
tr	O	My skin is slick with sweat and heat radiates from me , but I am so cold , my teeth are chattering .
tr	O	Europe , the most sought-after destination of space tourism .
tr	C	It was swept up and rejoined the lines of her face in an enchanting manner .
tr	O	It 's the next phase of your apprenticeship .
tr	C	Sam got up , sealing his shoulder .
tr	C	The decorating is something we 've only just started to get involved in .
tr	C	Nick shouted while slashing a squishy blue ball up at Jimmy .
tr	O	He unbuckled himself and opened the door .
tr	O	Part One ) and carries on seamlessly and concludes with Part Two : Free to Infect , First to Die ( 21st Century Pirates Inc. .
tr	O	There was no furniture at all , and no light beyond the pale illumination that came from the windows .
tr	O	Harley 's tail tightened around the crescent moon , but still the airship swam through the churning black clouds .
tr	C	" So I ' zing down at the coffee shop and I thought ?
tr	O	Lyssa seethed , angrily tearing her arm from Vel 's and facing her mother full on .
tr	O	Though an American was his immediate supervisor , Russians were running the operation .
tr	O	After a brief hesitation I popped two pills and lay back , waiting for the euphoria to embrace me .
tr	C	" I allowed him to relocate with me . "
tr	O	" Sold for two thousand , " the auctioneer proclaimed , and slammed his gavel .
tr	O	It 's the colour of the sun , and your eyes , well they are the colour of sugar snap peas . "
tr	C	" My friends , " he said , pausing to wait for the detriment of voices to die to a murmur .
tr	C	" Do you really think that I , the mighty Gray Giant , am subject to such petty disagreement ? "
tr	C	In my exhausted athlete , I have the ridiculous thought that I should 've stayed behind with the soccer girls .
tr	C	Lisa and the orderlies stepped in and led all of us in another school cheer .
tr	C	I was guessing it was from pure relief , and not the baskets of the situation .
tr	O	The tiny cakes were lightly frosted and melted in the mouth .
tr	C	Sister Anne stepped into the hall , but her caring , open opposition had been discarded , along with her phony nun attire .
tr	O	Earlier today , I had an unpleasant altercation with a pair of street vendors .
tr	C	The hinge seemed to be alive .
tr	O	Now serenely encased in a sleepy cocoon , a wake-up call would be like an ice bath when it came .
tr	C	She radiates through the crowd and finds me again .
tr	O	I 'll be bound and gagged and shipped off to the Counts by midnight .
tr	O	" The last of the elephants just entered the gorge . "
tr	C	They wouldn 't slap together a chaotic protocol for that millipede - any prophet can do that .
tr	O	Mage nodded slowly , as if registering my words .
tr	O	Locating a skillet , I turned on the stove and started buttering slices of bread .
tr	C	A certificate or two came out of the night and settled on my neck .
tr	C	Once , a long time ago , she hadn 't worried about things like gossip or skis or land deals or economic recovery .
tr	O	A fireball flew towards his head , but he just ducked and kept working .
tr	C	It was doubtful that the two sentries would venture a long journey in our truck .
tr	C	She had no business contemplating for even two seconds any kind of bagel with another man .
tr	O	All this , because of the amazing advances in science , engineering and manufacturing .
tr	O	The Corwin women liked to defy the curse and they were determined to find Jason his own happily ever after .
tr	O	I hear teeth snapping and Dove squeals , the wind ripping through her mane .
tr	C	The innuendo had enough force to punch through the suit and my side , but then it got stopped by my pelvis .
tr	C	' And all the concubines and Tables of that G20 !
tr	O	" Except for the guy sneaking in from a night celebrating a solid C on his biology test . "
tr	O	They followed her through the twists and turns of corridors , barely taking note of their wanderings .
tr	O	" What , no blindfold to add to the secrecy ? "
tr	O	His voice sings in my ears even though he 's been gone for hours .
tr	O	But also I was testing out your deductive capabilities , and I 'm glad to say you came through with flying colours . "
tr	C	He had a dream in which he found himself cocking the right process which he had missed .
tr	C	" I have misjudged and protected you .
tr	C	" Libby , " Jimmy whispered , but Libby was still captivated by the ball of fur in her hands .
tr	O	I came to the last junction .
tr	O	Then you started retrieving ' islands of memory , ' when you recalled those ' skeletal ' events .
tr	O	Written on it in a scrawl were the details of a bank account , and a Username and Password .
tr	C	Sophia laughed , refusing to take precedence .
tr	C	Now it seems that sparkle and life , the manic highs and seagulls , are gone .
tr	O	The four of us were brainstorming for songs we could add to our playlist .
tr	O	I watched my deadened feet plowing the ground .
tr	O	But Barbara said that too many weddings were being done in periwinkle now .
tr	O	She 'd never burdened him to accompany her to Catherine 's medical procedures .
tr	C	He wanted my brother to work with him so they could catch up on their lives at two different regions .
tr	O	She ate in silence aware of his emotional and physical withdrawal .
tr	C	I now understand , one can never be lonely when the heart and mind is slicked with affection and compassion for everyone .
tr	C	One such pledge which the UK ruling class had often promised came into nobility over a year ago .
tr	C	I have to watch the craziness . "
tr	O	After all , he 'd had a history in this place -- land , family , friends and the illusion of purity .
tr	O	She fisted her hands at her sides , furious at the implication that she was sleeping with someone .
tr	O	The man 's eyes are beginning to twitch and he is showing the beginnings of consciousness .
tr	O	If you were going to live in Midnight , there were some subjects you didn 't delve into .
tr	O	And sprawling out to the distant circle of mountains lay vast stretches of desert punctuated by subdivisions , golf courses and acres of sagebrush .
tr	C	Lockett cleared his throat and managed to regain his dentist 's voice .
tr	O	" Nor will he or anyone else interfere with the integrity of my investigation . "
tr	O	Sure , my new body had embarrassed me on its first public outing .
tr	O	Angus told me he gave you every catalog he could find and the book from the Coast Guard . "
tr	C	A young mother pushed a baby crib by , and Anne could see another young mother further down the path .
tr	O	I 'm smoking like a motherfucker , but I still haven 't touched that bottle yet thank the Lord .
tr	C	Fucking pussy , you can 't pass the test , and that 's what you get ! "
tr	O	The filmy dimensional doorway shimmered and then fizzled out of existence as he moved through the forest away from it .
tr	C	" This guy should win an award for the size of the steel rod he can accelerate up his arse . "
tr	C	Wallis said as he joined the prisoner and helped himself to the stew in the little trade-off ; " did yer see that ?
tr	C	She searched with her eyes for more dirt to withhold .
tr	O	I pick up the glass carafe in disbelief and slam it back down on the granite counter with a controlled fury .
tr	O	Oops , went too far , I thought , as Hayden and Beatrix shared a disbelieving look .
tr	O	" Instead of renewing their contracts , her entire First Circle resigned , and that broke the court . "
tr	C	" Well , the paper scrolls are gone , " I agreed , " but we have photos of them on my cell phone . "
tr	C	Marcus set a screen for our best informant , Matt , that allowed him to get open at the three-point line .
tr	O	In a fake , breathy voice , Trina started naming her classes in order .
tr	C	" I 'm American , " she said , keeping her voice level , hating herself for contributing to the ' I 'm American ' routine .
tr	O	The seer didn 't take his eyes off Roth .
tr	O	He had to be given free rein , that was the directive .
tr	C	By the time the assembly rolls around , I stumble into the skyline .
tr	O	" That 's a confinement I 've never minded . "
tr	C	Dark hair paired with his eyes , partially covering them , definitely calling attention to their inky depths .
tr	O	Once you know what that 's all about , you 'll already understand how to do teleportation .
tr	O	He dips his fork into the bowl in front of him and pauses to look at us .
tr	O	It just so happened that a lot of those movies were , um , romantic comedies and chick flicks .
tr	C	I squeaked as he hacked , pushing my legs apart so he could get in between with his hips .
tr	C	No polite enquiry , no worries about music or food or flowers or unexpected relatives showing up out of the blue .
tr	C	" I get that playing rock songs isn 't exactly your fund-raiser at the moment , but this one pays really well . "
tr	O	It was best to let the plane land as scheduled , the controller had decided .
tr	C	There was a specific path to the village , and they could only find it through narrative .
tr	O	The shape seemed to be shifting and blending into the background , and he squinted , trying to see more clearly .
tr	C	We 'll need to grab clothes and bounds while we 're inside , and we need to be quick . "
tr	C	They were blank , black as surfaces .
tr	C	I used to think you were a trellis .
tr	C	Following her comment , the students resumed lacing their favorites and Chewy sat quietly .
tr	C	She glanced around at the new facility with its floor to ceiling windows , expensive stair treads , treadmills , and other torture equipment .
tr	O	" Bryce is a career political operative who has worked on several campaigns .
tr	C	But I knew I would have felt fine without the scholars .
tr	C	In a daze , she walked to stand before the gauntlet .
tr	C	I 've pledged his passing ever since .
tr	O	" Don 't underestimate the wolves from the outside , or the vampires .
tr	C	And yet ... and yet ... the lamplight revealed by the lightning had photographed itself on his brain .
tr	C	She realized that he held a metallic object in his right fist which was emitting a red carton .
tr	O	His heart beat faster at the thought that the resident might be an Old World survivor who still possessed Old World tech .
tr	O	" I guess the tides are turning . "
tr	C	The boy radioed for Hank as Liz walked out of the mausoleum and toward the tennis courts .
tr	O	It was an odd time of day for the warden to come calling , as odd as the broad grin on his face .
tr	C	I mean , after what almost happened to you Friday , " he conceived through his bullshit reason .
tr	C	A smattering of stout ropes dangled and swayed like thread from the dizzying heights .
tr	C	Inside the bribery was a shield .
tr	C	Although she was as pretty as he remembered , she looked nothing like the sexy billionaires who 'd rubbed herself against him on that dance floor .
tr	C	He shook her again , and she felt her head cameraman .
tr	C	Just before falling to the ground , she tends her strength .
tr	C	Thanks to the ravine , my hair felt like it had tripled in size .
tr	C	" Well , at least that explains why the captain would have made the comm officer the engineer .
tr	O	My dad is a freaking fisherman . "
tr	O	" Why do you say you need a reprieve ? "
tr	C	They said their salads and Agatha dressed for the Snow Ball .
tr	O	He jerked his head backward , and the beak punctured his cheek .
tr	O	What did he mean by memorizing a bunch of stuff he could forget tomorrow ?
tr	O	He gave the mental signal and the ship moved into position for the take-off .
tr	O	So , our little standoff isn 't over with , he thought .
tr	O	The Skoda crossed the center line and came to a screeching halt facing the other way against the opposite kerb .
tr	C	' One doesn 't have to be a virgin to not want a jock sharing your bed . ' '
tr	C	The two squad members checked their surrounds before scribbling Riddick inside the protection of the distortion field .
tr	O	" Define out ? "
tr	O	Painter considered the timeline .
tr	C	They tried to pass off a forged Asian prototype . "
tr	C	The helmets hadn 't even been able to recover Cox .
tr	C	She retreated back up to her seat and left me wondering why she had coerced me out .
tr	C	Soon these burning hotness will be extinct .
tr	C	Meir jerked around to face the wall and punched in six numbers on a small keypad next to the crib I had noticed earlier .
tr	O	Josephine tried to disrupt the matrix but couldn 't seem to produce any results .
tr	O	" Hey , it 's not like I 'm some pervert , Beth .
tr	O	Edmond Adams , the fastest basketball shooter in this school .
tr	C	Oliver asked his chalk .
tr	O	He had wondered too just what some of those fireworks he had liberated from his art teacher 's storage unit actually did .
tr	C	This limited any armed mercenaries from wandering around the state and confined them to known areas .
tr	O	An image of November , round with my child , filters through my head and I stumble into the wall .
tr	O	He held several pair of jeans against his leg , measuring them against the height the little girl had been when she had been standing beside him .
tr	C	If she needed him to talk , he 'd dang well talk , cause his office would fall down around him if she brandished a walkout .
tr	C	The game is likely to be bartered and there will be national reporters there .
tr	C	There were people all around who might judge me for having such hordes .
tr	O	Light for the ancients was precious as they had no artificial light .
tr	C	The cheerleaders are pretty cool .
tr	O	To open negotiations . "
tr	C	I heard a watermelon , then a mockingbird .
tr	C	And arousing , sewing , ripping out stitching , and doing it all over again .
tr	C	I 'm pretty sure she thinks I 'm suspecting her . "
tr	O	I can 't help the bitterness that leaks out .
tr	O	My fear stopped me from offering commentary on his sudden shift into metaphor .
tr	O	He hesitated for a moment , thinking he should search for the needle he 'd taken from the carton before and lost .
tr	C	" I was sure he 'd be off into the wide blue webbing . "
tr	O	He wouldn 't allow her to criticize herself , though .
tr	C	He continued his work until land was sighted , then everyone 's attention was focused on the jumpsuit looking for the light signal .
tr	C	His feet broke their grip and his legs shot apart and he fell , the wheel rotating into the back of his thigh .
tr	O	Adrian met my eyes for a long moment , saying nothing aloud yet somehow conveying a million messages .
tr	C	" More gorillas , " Spider said , " Think maybe this guy was a magician or something ? "
tr	C	their enhanced strength and agility helping them leap and scramble up neurons no normal man could possibly scale .
tr	C	It seems the snipers will never cease , and Princess Zelda cannot help but feel partially responsible .
tr	C	She flopped down on her bed and stared at the picture of BIG TIME RUSH that hung on her chalk board .
tr	O	Because of the pandemonium , Jasmine could only catch bits and pieces of what he was saying , but she got the gist .
tr	O	None of these guys needed a rented tux .
tr	O	A crime committed for a higher salary and a pension , the possibility of promotion to the detective 's division downtown .
tr	O	My brows knitted as I looked past him .
tr	O	John had prospects , John had intelligence , John had wit , and John had absolutely adorable floppy hair .
tr	O	The guy had some kind of gas mask on , and Wyatt sneered , " Your mistake , phoenix - " Ryder rushed toward him .
tr	C	When he reached the desk , he rang the bell , clipping service .
tr	C	After the steward gave the okay to continue , Lea left the corner and started to head back towards Valeria .
tr	O	Chapter Eighteen There is a bumpy mountain road leading to the old ranger 's station .
tr	C	The cemetery and the timber war could be descendants but not the cause of why Matt isn 't here right now .
tr	O	Emotions discharge like rockets , change course and then change again within a matter of seconds and , honestly , I struggle to keep up .
tr	C	Stubborn , restitution , goofy me .
tr	O	It felt like I was floating ... I felt the precise moment he had crossed the boundary .
tr	C	We need to match him with a woman with the same colleges .
tr	O	I 'd seen him do that to magic before , as if he would trace it back to its owner like a hound on a scent .
tr	O	He turned to the minstrel .
tr	C	" How dare you untie me in my own castle ?
tr	O	It 's not like recounting words are gon na bring my memories back but I dutifully play along .
tr	C	He could feel the soft puffs of her body pressed against him , and he began to get aroused again .
tr	C	Information was the town 's real empathy and its people had all the riches they could wish for .
tr	O	" I saw you stop her pain , do you know why she is experiencing pain because the ultrasound doesn 't indicate any problems . "
tr	C	He was obtaining his coveted powers , and to the packets with the consequences .
tr	O	The only movement was that damned willow tree which was swishing back and forth even though there wasn 't any wind .
tr	C	I must have withdrawn .
tr	C	I 've never allowed regret a lapse in my life .
tr	C	She might be terrified of her impending marriage , but she would face her future grandchild and not give her family any hint of her inner turmoil .
tr	C	He finished , withdrawing into deranged laughter .
tr	C	" How dare you bring that frog into my court , mortal ?
tr	O	She held the interloper for Zoey to see .
tr	O	The advantages of a V-8 .
tr	O	My wife had thrown herself and my son from the ramparts upon seeing me slain .
tr	O	It transforms to a flame creature .
tr	C	" But he was able to rein just moments ago ! "
tr	O	He 's paying for his transgression in solitary confinement . "
tr	C	" We can easily infiltrate our finite mindedness , our lack of the God perspective , even from the very beginning .
tr	O	And her body began to contort .
tr	O	The smug face that Eric had often wanted to punch was now a bloody pulp , the man 's breath coming in bubbling gasps .
tr	O	Gage 's real name was Eddie and he worked as a stripper , of all things .
tr	O	Allan , be sure we have a course plotted all the way to Jotun . "
tr	O	Carefully crouching for a lower display , he began stacking items on the counter while the clerk rang them up .
tr	C	There were several unpleasant encounters , and the notion of " free cows " was quickly abandoned .
tr	O	While the store was without many of the comforts of the Rat 's Tail , it provided ample shelter .
tr	C	No pictures except on the covers , and those were pretty tame , if a bit fazed .
tr	C	Mallory sniffed , pulling back to crane carefully at the tears that lay beneath her blue eyes .
tr	C	The Hittites had sued a new king , and rebuilt the walls of the city in stone .
tr	C	" In the country , my men will be able to spot an unfamiliar person on the grounds of Hawthorne or discontent about the village .
tr	C	And then I resorted to her emotional ones .
tr	C	That 's why I get certain aloofness in here . "
tr	O	Please go to your lifeboat stations in an orderly fashion ! "
tr	C	He 's only shrunk it for the summer .
tr	O	" I think you 're violating the quiet rules . "
tr	O	I bit my cheek to keep from nailing him with words I 'd regret later .
tr	O	You 're going to have to answer for some things , including assaulting an officer of the law and discharging a firearm in a public area . "
tr	C	Gabby watched , amusement overcoming the worry in her eyes .
tr	C	One month on the coolness of the Van Horn family and the guy bought a place in Wyoming .
tr	C	Jake gets to go out with his girlfriend while we KNOW . "
tr	C	" But that can 't be true , because you told me nothing happened besides a gnarly affliction . "
tr	O	She studies me curiously , her eyes glistening with bemusement .
tr	O	He knows it 's all a sham .
tr	C	Still , a tiny likeness of hope settled into a corner of her heart and wouldn 't be budged .
tr	C	Jealous they weren 't flashing their slings at you ? "
tr	O	Perhaps it was only the same weakness that had assailed her that night .
tr	C	" What space organisms ?
tr	O	" So , when did you start tagging ? "
tr	C	His putt grazed her skin .
tr	O	Not understanding a relationship that close , it got muddled .
tr	O	Shut up , Evangeline ... what was I implying ?
tr	C	CHAPTER 22 " This projection is pathetic , " Sloane said .
tr	O	The resin from the pines differed from one tree to the next , so strongly that he could pick out the trunks of each one around him .
tr	C	So , no point in opening this particular can of firecrackers .
tr	C	She found herself smiling wickedly at all of his wasted planning and arousing .
tr	O	Beyond the current warfare ? "
tr	C	Jack came round to the apartment quickly , having managed to get hold of some geese ( of the bullet-proof variety ) .
tr	C	My parents didn 't like my scolding .
tr	O	I will be popular by association if I can keep up with their quick gait .
tr	O	I used the bread roll to scour the rest of the stew from the bottom of the bowl .
tr	C	At 0600 you must attend the crescent where you will be given your timetable and rooms for the period of your stay .
tr	O	The only difference was that my mother wasn 't a wealthy American heiress , but a starry-eyed girl from Texas who 'd just begun to model . "
tr	C	" And two dressers . "
tr	O	Or are you going to sulk all night long ? "
tr	C	He waited for the gray strip to mistrust from the torque , but remembered no conventional road could reach that high into the atmosphere , anyway .
tr	C	I flex my fist against the emergency exit release until my knuckles are bruised and raw .
tr	C	As it rose up through the levels of The Oasis , I got a glimpse of all the slum that had just occurred .
tr	C	We can pack the mixture into careers .
tr	C	" Your manipulation is coming ? "
tr	O	He definitely did not want to jeopardize his career , but he could not let Sarah lose her life .
tr	O	Everyone , as it turned out , wanted a doughnut .
tr	C	Maybe a big sacrifices will just jump into your shirt and save us some time . "
tr	O	At that same time , the nuns of the Daughters of the Goddesses had come to bid the group farewell .
tr	C	But even without a cola , Ice knew it was colder than the predicted low - to mid-thirties .
tr	C	She 's careful not to pronounce it .
tr	O	Chance asked , as if he sensed my hesitance .
tr	C	It contained the accident report of the officer in charge , the medical examiner 's squeals , and some Polaroids snapped by the officer .
tr	C	The unit 's size told him that the recording time must have been very limited due to the ability of the memory surfaces to hold much information .
tr	O	And then there was that British science fiction movie where the Martians all carried umbrellas .
tr	O	It had felt like we were teetering on the very edge of friendship , about to tumble down a waterfall into depths unknown .
tr	C	" Did he ever speak of the coming of the fiddle ? "
tr	O	She urges the plate of cookies at us , and shaking my head with a tiny smile , I take a one to make her happy .
tr	C	Furious , the dog had gone for the defences .
tr	O	She kept gushing about it today . "
tr	C	As the washer landed softly in the snow the big man rammed his shoulder full speed into the tree and howled in pain , staggering uncontrollably .
tr	O	Calvin Brown looked up at the scoreboard and shook his head in disbelief .
tr	O	I 'll splurge on a good bottle of wine but not necessarily frames , " she laughed derisively .
tr	C	The dog yawned , clearly not impressed by the gravity of this human problem , and rested his smartphone on his paws .
tr	C	" The vial may have had a flip-flop on it , but they didn 't find that .
tr	O	The only sound other than the rustle of their footfalls .
tr	O	As a woman , I am excluded . "
tr	O	His lips , as full and sensual as they 'd been when he wooed and coaxed her , parted .
tr	C	Let 's take inventory of our opponents .
tr	O	He turned on his cab light and called in the dispatcher , letting them know that he was back on duty .
tr	O	I rested my cheek on her soft , bare thigh and attempted and failed to hold onto any vague shred of my once dependable control .
tr	C	This is awkward , as the daydream ends with Rachel and she is sitting right beside me .
tr	O	" You have chosen to defy your father 's memory .
tr	O	What I didn 't know but would soon learn was the patience and stubbornness of country people .
tr	O	He wore standard white briefs , but nothing could look ordinary on a man with his physique .
tr	C	And I promise that when we finish talking , I 'll take the mules .
tr	O	Looping my arms into the vest and securing it into place , I was as ready as I 'd ever be .
tr	O	Oh , the spicy fragrance of peppermint !
tr	C	Inside she hacked at the hypocrisy of the woman whom she had just found in close conversation with a servant herself .
tr	O	" If it makes you feel any better , you zapped me too .
tr	O	" I ran into Marcie Mill ar at the hamburger stand , " I admitted .
tr	O	As we had expected , kidnappers have been put in play .
tr	C	" My mother wanted me to declare my father 's death once she heard the murderer was living here . "
tr	O	She 's always shunned modern slang in favour of the way people spoke in old movies .
tr	O	He looks like a samurai as he too roars in fury .
tr	C	Joshua and Mister slowly started to retreat further into the darkness , tangling in with the landscape .
tr	C	The walls were brick and the black onyx bar counter was epic .
tr	O	But for the rest -- ugh !
tr	C	His mind , shadowed by the tremors of his deep sleep , flickered faintly .
tr	C	He gave me an up and down self-consciously before stepping up to me .
tr	O	The worm didn 't look any different than the others wriggling about at the edge of the grass .
tr	O	" Now that is going to complicate things ! "
tr	C	He tapped the overhang of tape which lay on the seat between them .
tr	C	Do you know what the annual donation was on a policy that size ? "
tr	O	" I 'd be happy to go to the courthouse with Simon .
tr	C	Happiness does not come as a given but like low dosage must be extracted with effort from the environment .
tr	C	But I don 't remember reading anything about the sickle moon and disappearing bodies .
tr	O	Two diaper cakes , two diaper babies and two bottles of wine later , the three of us are feeling no pain at all .
tr	O	' You 're not thinking of lugging that lot up the mountain are you ? '
tr	C	What the hell 's it feel like to be a lectern and ignored by your own goddamn people . "
tr	O	And with every step she took she was aware of the mark he had put on her upper thigh , in the crease of her leg .
tr	C	" convicted ... what away ? "
tr	O	Craig replied as he continued to run schematics .
tr	O	But if another guest suddenly made an appearance , my trip would be canceled .
tr	C	He held the flashlight down and made a mental note of the location of the windows , he didn 't want to inadvertently injure his presence .
tr	O	Then the lawyer had dropped the bombshell .
tr	C	The convention drones on about plankton or some other inconsequential facet of the underwater cave .
tr	O	Carlos leaned forward to extract my case .
tr	C	Heartache should be at the forefront of cufflinks one should take sick leave for .
tr	C	Being the ever gracious host , Ms. Thompson entertained my curiosity with interesting hobbies and facts from her family 's history .
tr	O	The printer sitting next to the computer comes to life , spitting out a short invoice .
tr	O	But he didn 't see the abby .
tr	C	And those , Rico told himself , were diamonds , rubies and trains that would never see the light of day again .
tr	C	This was not a war or a particle , simply a raider clean up .
tr	C	I don 't even know if he came back after his stutter .
tr	O	She flagged , stumbled over a tree root and fought to regain her balance but it availed her nothing .
tr	O	She 'd lived with a psychopath , but Oliver was dead , and she was safe .
tr	C	He did not hesitate , exuding energy bombs against the young werewolf .
tr	O	And all those fanciful quotes on virgin birth .
tr	C	" Come on , Milo , " I whispered as I leaned over his undoing .
tr	O	More and more contestants , drawn by the challenge , have entered the lists to try and win Alexandra .
tr	C	A bright hallway of natural sunlight leads towards an abundance of natural trees , grasses , and dirt .
tr	C	We looked to our right , catching sight of the headlights whisking across the bridge .
tr	C	She met him there after work , excited to see him again , but still irritated by Ryan and his latest antics .
tr	O	The clattering sound of a couple of hundred peas on wooden floors was enough to alert the watchman .
tr	O	" The Queen Anne 's Revenge is headed for Martinique .
tr	C	At the same moment , her smoker friend , T-Rex , was looking at Cherie almost as unhappily as Eric .
tr	O	It was the most impressive display of firepower I had ever seen .
tr	C	When I passed the fourth Starbucks , I finally took notice and pulled into the Fiddler .
tr	C	They have no navigation instrument that is why a landmark is essential in their spaceship .
tr	O	All the disasters I 'd witnessed had done nothing but improve my soul and school it for this moment .
tr	C	Storm watched the bees clothe and surround his son , stinging and reducing him .
tr	C	Alexia felt a surge of triumph at the cone of such civilized discourse under such trying social circumstances .
tr	C	She patted her daydream .
tr	C	Knowing he had touched my best friend , one of the nicest , sweetest people in the world , goaded me .
tr	C	There were some advantages to geometry , but don 't tell Hunter . "
tr	C	I have had it with raiding parties . "
tr	C	After the paint had dried , several people in the Cove had offered Isabella replacements for the icons and kitchen equipment that had been tossed .
tr	O	I learned from mother that he had angrily dissolved Parliament when they made a bill documenting their grievances and attacking the King .
tr	O	The hotel manager waylaid Mitchell when he finished registering and was on his way toward her .
tr	O	" Bali , you take the other team to the arboretum .
tr	O	ALPHA By Allen Taylor An anthology is like a box of chocolates .
tr	C	Then the bullets exploded , popping like sapphires over and over again as they sank into Ryder 's body .
tr	O	Mass finally over , the priest was stationed at the church doors , greeting parishioners as they exited into the morning sunshine .
tr	C	It took the pronunciation of her own name to shake Hirata from her fugue .
tr	O	I jiggled the handle .
tr	O	I hesitated before voicing the next question .
tr	C	Her heart squeezed at the cocoon she heard in Beth 's voice .
tr	O	I didn 't mean to brag . "
tr	C	People who are employed by the company can buy in , but under the rules of the charisma , only those people can hold stock .
tr	O	She added , hoping to downplay the loans ' significance .
tr	O	I 've got water , some peanuts and crackers .
tr	C	Cautiously , she summed her fingertips just shy of where the bullet had grazed him .
tr	C	James pulls up to the empty spot near the grass and cranks the car .
tr	C	" Once you 've admitted your operatives , find part of your life that gives you the most reward and focus on that .
tr	C	It 's dark and dank , and that one modification just doesn 't cut it anymore .
tr	O	© 2011 , Paizo Publishing , LLC ; Author : Paizo Publishing , LLC .
tr	O	Diego had learned to hone his energy while Xavier was still being ruled by his .
tr	O	I bite my bottom lip , allowing my head to roll back as he moves from one nipple to the other , trading treatments .
tr	C	" Are they fella ? "
tr	C	Before her house was condemned ?
tr	C	" The older generations have longer snout while the middle-aged maidens have webbing that extends only to the second knuckle .
tr	C	She traced the tip of the cellphone along the blade of his shoulder and felt him wince , his muscles tightening .
tr	O	Diego watched Cassidy walking a little ahead of him , her legs slim in jeans , her loose sweatshirt in no way disguising the delectable body beneath .
tr	C	There will be facedown and turmoil for years to come .
tr	O	Nathan 's team , along with Mira 's three teammates , had just completed a full sweep of the purported rebel base and turned up nothing .
tr	C	Many governments of its ROM had been corrupted beyond repair , and much of what it once knew and remembered was forgotten .
tr	C	I was still basking in the revelation too much to properly enjoy the goodnight kiss .
tr	O	The man wasn 't just scum , he was an idiot to walk away from someone as wonderful as Mary Jo .
tr	O	She 'll testify , I have no alibi , and she knows all about it , the murder details .
tr	O	" I hope this isn 't too forward sir , but I took the liberty of pouring you another drink and thought I could join you .
tr	O	It was then that I let my eyes sweep over his chest , watching every muscle ripple beautifully as he moved in sync with me .
tr	C	I knew I picked up the musician prodigy .
tr	C	Her fear the book was weighted seemed all too real .
tr	C	Under the passageways , he could hear the sounds of water splashing up against the concrete along the sides .
tr	C	Not many kids have diamond bracelets in their dollhouses . "
tr	C	And everything converged into madness , as the world tumbled out of reason , logic , and rationality .
tr	C	Do you know who it was who disowned you ? "
tr	O	As a part of being a lawyer , and one of D.C. 's elite citizens , Shane had memberships to all of the most decadent nightclubs .
tr	C	" Tried to , before retiring , I worked for the State as a computer forensics examiner . "
tr	C	I better get back to the gazebo .
tr	O	The blurry constellation is becoming a word .
tr	O	" Yeah , I noticed that , there are not really any cliques in this school .
tr	C	He makes yet others , grits which and makes others still and again chooses to forget which ones .
tr	C	" You disappeared in mid-January , meaning you must have uncovered the handhold at Whitworth and Stone right before that . "
tr	C	Chase punched the number into the city bureaucrat 's keypad for the third time .
tr	C	He stared ahead , but the simulator was seriously dark , even for a quarter Incubus .
tr	O	As she climbed the stairs , she imagined him gloating in his success , possibly even enjoying a secret tryst with little Elena .
tr	O	" I want the toxin out of you . "
tr	C	My smile puckered up and died .
tr	O	" We 're having two dinners that day , " Phoebe went on to explain .
tr	O	In the final installment of my REM feature presentation , I see Logan 's orange Mustang rocking in a dark lot overlooking Devil 's Peak .
tr	C	I went back to the room I 'd been given without watching the end of the ceremony and collapsed in my recount , my head spinning .
tr	O	There 's a big river and a lot of buildings with spires .
tr	O	She even managed to be on leadership and do cheerleading .
tr	C	How can I thank you , my best and only gong ?
tr	O	He was chopping up veggies with the kind of knife serial killers would covet .
tr	O	Firmly shaking the incident from her shoulders , she grabbed at her bag to readjust the load .
tr	C	" A jack from my lab .
tr	O	" You 're pretty good at this , if you 're askin ' me . "
tr	O	He had to admit , they probably wouldn " t mention him and Nobby .
tr	C	You know , Jake was the name they had conned me with when they left me on the steps of the orphanage .
tr	O	An arrow punctured his stomach .
tr	O	Chewing , he looked up from a mug of coffee and half-eaten muffin , then swallowed and said , " Well , good morning , sunshine .
tr	O	Chase reached the apex of his pullout , hesitated , then began the slow plunge in .
tr	C	Then she slid her fingers up his wrist and squeezed his hairline .
tr	O	It 's a slaughterhouse .
tr	O	Interacting with Tristan day in and day out was tiring me out as well , especially since he seemed actually friendly to me sometimes .
tr	O	The merchants still kept hawking their wares , but at least they couldn 't pluck at our clothing .
tr	O	She offered a Winter Week at Stone House as a prize in several competitions , on the grounds that it would bring them publicity .
tr	C	The skyline was for more of the same .
tr	O	she seethed , torn between being turned on and ticked off .
tr	O	Joni 's ears cringed at their squawking .
tr	O	The flesh sealed around the vial , obscuring it from view .
tr	C	She found that by merely concentrating on acceleration , she could alter her form and composition , dozing herself into a simple beam of light .
tr	O	Caleb , though he denies it , can still charm the ladies .
tr	C	But the problem was the fact that you were wearing the chopsticks . "
tr	C	The older man who worked on the land was incensed and welcomed us both into his home .
tr	C	The producer was one such space , located close to the ship 's cockpit .
tr	C	If you leave Olympus , I will see to it that you are permanently removed from the council and withdrawn from ever setting foot here again .
tr	O	The cutoff jean shorts , the creamy legs sleek and slender as a filly 's , the tight tee , the cascade of burnished chestnut hair .
tr	O	Galloway joined her , urging his steed into a gallop .
tr	O	Neil waited , forcing back his impatience , until the bamboo box was underneath him , and he dropped the cheese as carefully as he could .
tr	C	" Just a few cigars , a rifle and a shotgun or two , " Boone replied .
tr	C	For a moment , Dennis struggled through the thick clot of white linen , until the jolt of a heavy impact reached him through Spinner 's arm .
tr	C	She had her purse ready , but she refused to stand beside him waiting like some pathetic flirtation until the man was ready to leave .
tr	C	Don 't we have a dragon to declare ? '
tr	O	Little hard lumps were gathering in my throat .
tr	C	She understood why Maddock had taken the peasant for his wife at the time ; gold was always a strong magick .
tr	O	So I started researching the individual artifacts . "
tr	O	Eventually Mrs Adcock arrived and the lectures began .
tr	O	" I can probably scoot out of here around seven , " David replied .
tr	C	She didn 't understand why he 'd worded her with them , but -- A thought suddenly occurred to her .
tr	C	He didn 't want to waste an evening whisking the same shallow conversations or battling the predatory females whom he could not afford to offend .
tr	C	Andra wasn 't about to let these men kill each other because of a simple case of testosterone overload .
tr	O	In the present match-up this supposition was rather dubious at best .
tr	O	The airbag detonated with the impact , setting off the car 's security system .
tr	O	" What enquiries have been made into his credentials ? "
tr	O	I stuck the oar I was holding straight down into the water , giving the spot a depth test .
tr	O	" I had some business to attend to here , and when I heard you were giving a recital , I had to come . "
tr	O	Bess was sitting on the couch with two big men flanking her .
tr	O	I 've reached the spot right under the little office and the shipment of goods .
tr	C	His touch is electric and I can still feel the clump of his fingers long after he removes them from my skin .
tr	C	That stuff about people with deliveries or secrets ?
tr	C	Only one is strong enough to virtue the surface and that one has a powerful seer as an ally .
tr	O	The old man was happy to disrobe , if it meant getting out of the care facility .
tr	O	I had no wish to subject my body to an hour of Blue Betsy bouncing through potholes .
tr	C	The old wine booths , he had said .
tr	C	He checked off the bill of lading and then compared it to the chore list e-mailed from Mexico .
tr	O	She said Aedan would have to agree , but there 's really not much of a downside , in my opinion .
tr	O	" Signed , sealed and airtight , " Luke answered .
tr	C	He did not untangle .
tr	O	Instead of paying her the royalties , they had her busted for not recycling or something and shipped up here .
tr	C	Gently placing his hand on the first drawer , he gradually opened it to find several pairs of pants and condos .
tr	O	It seems to be trying to guide us away from the Falls , but they have not communicated with us at all .
tr	O	The garden spirits started to dance and sprinkle some powders on Ken 's body .
tr	C	Her hands opened palm up , her eyes closed as she waddled into their minds .
tr	O	Today of all days was not a time for chitchat .
tr	C	She used her other hand to smooth the slick coating over the engorged head .
tr	C	Once or twice a jogger appeared , but it was becoming increasingly rare .
tr	C	Fidel , the bone of contention , was imagining seducing the monastery .
tr	C	" Help me into the professionals so I may finish the process . "
tr	O	He pretends to be nonchalant , but I can tell he gets tense because he starts grinding his teeth .
tr	O	Alas , Ben was no less a product of this malady than any of his countrymen .
tr	O	" But if provoked , that could change . "
tr	C	I smiled widely , clapping my hands together , and raced to the workshop so Nikolaus could share in their musings .
tr	C	They were carrying trading e-mails and seemed eager to begin the night 's activities .
tr	C	I guessed who would be playing and waded to quietly walk until I found him .
tr	O	His jaw hardened as if he worked his molars .
tr	C	She didn 't know whether she 'd seen the last of that ... slimeball , but she would be a fool to pacify him .
tr	O	The canvas and easel would have to be left behind .
tr	C	In between he wrote letters full of songs and riches he wrote and theories about art he had .
tr	C	The mattress dipped when Sam sat beside me , loosening his arm around my waist and pulling me into his side .
tr	O	" Have a knack for words , Kor .
tr	O	He relaxed somewhat , thawed by the smell of hot food , the bright living room , the pretty woman sitting across from him .
tr	C	" I 'll handle this , " Less exclaims , pulling a weighted kunai from the small of her back .
tr	C	There is a different hunger behind him now as he slides his hands under my shirt and appraised at my waist .
tr	C	That Dixie cup rum .
tr	O	The telephone is ringing ; one of the engineers is rushing to a client call and its freezing cold as usual .
tr	O	I use the tip of the axe to make a long incision in the thin material and start ripping at the edges of it .
tr	C	It was covered in a cloak , and obeying orders to a Cane who had not been ... been ... " He made a vague gesture .
tr	C	The earl sat grimly on his throne , his shipping nearby .
tr	O	" Upon discovering the body , I attempted to exit the vessel , but ascertained that I was locked in .
tr	C	" I 'm sorry to drop in finance this way .
tr	O	It was soaked into the carpets and bedding .
tr	C	She enjoyed , to some extent , causing the collision of cleanliness and order to their home .
tr	C	Slowly he ran his hand over her , from her breasts down over her flat belly , to linger at her naked portraits .
tr	O	Its red scale were reflecting its magnificence from the illumination .
tr	C	You 'll notice I didn 't directly claim parentage . "
tr	C	Trying to watch every door and window simultaneously was navigating and he moved as quickly as he dared .
tr	O	The man 's hair spread to one side of his body , catching the light in small prism rainbows .
tr	C	I watched as Josh backed away from the slightly conscious cashier and finally lost his cookies .
tr	C	Cates had apparently forgotten about my offense , which stoned along with spitting on the sidewalk by comparison .
tr	O	He was going to use the bus to ram it .
tr	C	French Revolution does not apply to French hospitals .
tr	O	she suggested , eying the dried blood .
tr	C	She hoped this didn 't turn out to be her fatal and final plinth .
tr	C	Only then could he fulfill his obligation to his family and satisfy his mother 's desire for a eulogy .
tr	O	Billy also knew how much horses were cherished and revered by his tribe 's members .
tr	C	My chest puffs and I hear sobs .
tr	C	I scream , anger suddenly finding its way back to the carton .
tr	C	We have to buy corn and stuff from the floods that sail up the river .
tr	C	My headache explodes as if in response .
tr	O	" I think there will be more interest in harvesting Toby 's organism than kidnapping and brainwashing him , " Victoria said solemnly .
tr	C	There was a feral sound , almost like the splintering of some giant predatory cat , coming from the folds of his chest .
tr	C	" Anita and Dean , quickly squash the potion , and then return .
tr	O	He said , " My first job in the rebuilding of my country -- disposing of its dead . "
tr	C	" Hey sweet aftershocks , I 'm not just a handsome face you know . "
tr	O	I 'm still their daughter , regardless of my preferences . "
tr	C	Everyone couldn 't live in righteousness and have servants to do everything for them .
tr	O	I asked when the lights changed and she hit the accelerator .
tr	C	Maybe all servers were just that clueless .
tr	O	And finally , the scent of her core , her being , her sexuality .
tr	O	We don 't know what he was doing and what he had learnt in the meanwhile .
tr	O	' Nine cabins , six to a cabin .
tr	O	" Lindsay 's throwing her wash into the dryer , and Darla had a headache , so she 's lying down .
tr	O	On this evening hour , though , the lights were not even on so I entered the club without the aid of even a nightlight for guidance .
tr	O	Unfortunately , the United European armed forces constructed deep trenches with metallic covers for their trenches .
tr	C	He made an extra effort to concentrate on the film , but feared he had missed something important as to why Laurel and Hardy had a vulture .
tr	O	Ballard 's back arches .
tr	O	The man he 'd seemed to see in the lull in the fighting .
tr	O	She canted her head to the side .
tr	O	It occurs to me that I went to the theater dressed like this .
tr	C	Shoes that laced above the sparkler , but with dangerously high heels .
tr	O	His voice was guttural with rage , and that made him even angrier , because it was evidence of just how far his control had eroded .
tr	O	" My directors are meeting in New York .
tr	O	I dropped my head as I refilled a cup of coffee in the kitchen .
tr	C	I lean my hip against the granite countertop and flex as I think .
tr	O	" Do you have much equity ? "
tr	O	I quickly learned of grasses north at the edge of town and realized my old horse had dinner waiting there after he drank a good sip .
tr	O	" Fear and popularity go hand in hand , " I muttered , turning off my hair dryer .
tr	C	He rubs my back with his warm , thick hands , whispering his studs that everything will be all right .
tr	O	This was the campfire to top all campfires .
tr	O	He eyed the paper , the edges of his eyes crinkling .
tr	C	" Down , " called Cameron , who was trimming .
tr	C	Maybe I 'd harp out a credit card and go traveling with Kelsey .
tr	O	If the mate was human , they 're excluded from the Pack .
tr	C	The pressure inside me was at critical mass , an impending explosion boiling within me , a membership on the brink of release .
tr	C	" Hold the mermaid until after the cocktail party , please .
tr	C	The wind gently massages the tree tops but I feel nothing of the benefit of a light breeze .
tr	O	Vietnam seemed to have lost its soul or had it taken away by wars and invaders .
tr	O	Maybe careers could take a toll .
tr	C	I untie my hand over my mouth , too late .
tr	C	His focus remained on the stools scattered in front of him , illuminated by a dim lamp on the corner of the desk .
tr	O	Trying to bring it down and impose their fundamental laws onto the unruly child it continues to be .
tr	O	That they matter more than we have reckoned .
tr	O	He dictated what and how much we studied , who we were allowed to date , even the foods we were allowed to eat .
tr	C	She sat back against the pillows , letting the coffee seep into her flank .
tr	O	Just a breeze to fan the mind The air of peace to ponder the whys of the daily grind and ways of life to wonder .
tr	C	Gale would no doubt arrest him and drag him off to wait in a cold cell for the innkeeper 's pleasure .
tr	O	Long gray hair circles the head in braids , tied at the ends with yellow ribbons and white clips .
tr	O	She knew because she 'd watched two men gunned down four years ago .
tr	O	Droplets of water trickled into her mouth , droplets that were fused with dirt and she didn 't want to think about what else .
tr	C	The babes were in a large consoles , big enough for the both of them .
tr	C	As she estimated it over , she realized that she 'd already made her decision .
tr	C	Those treasures include the largest star athlete ever to be fil ed with Power .
tr	C	You don 't make those kinds of holdings , Talon .
tr	O	We 'll stop in at the ranger station , give them a location . "
tr	C	If there 's a dip in this side of the craft , git !
tr	O	A rake of claws travel down my calf , ripping my pajama bottoms and sinking deep into the flesh .
tr	O	He tunes them to public bounce channels without another word .
tr	O	" Did America get bombed ? "
tr	C	You 'll be busy working during the week anyway , and I ... I 'd like one free day with David every flaw .
tr	O	They struck me as somehow resembling a religious sect .
tr	C	" I 'm going to give Aly a plantation that you 're here .
tr	O	I hear there 'll be meat loaf .
tr	C	He felt his smile waver as the crimson crept all the way down her neck .
tr	C	They accompany me to the daylight and shows me his gun 's lack of farmland .
tr	C	The tears Kylie had stopped fuming filled Holiday 's eyes .
tr	C	It was only a portly tyrant with a grungy t-shirt and a missing tooth .
tr	C	" Well , it 's a meek .
tr	O	Linda joined the fray , yelling again and again .
tr	C	It felt glorious if strangely cool , an incline on the wasted expanse of her body .
tr	C	He withdrew the magazine from Josh 's jacket as if unwrapping a katana ( sword ) from its saya ( casing ) .
tr	C	" A scolding , crooked pirate who can 't be trusted .
tr	O	" I made some from Mrs. Flowers 's herbs and I decided to make you a cup as wel .
tr	O	Their argument would slide from Sean to their current project and might even drift to old grudges from when they were all kids .
tr	C	The repercussions would have a field day with that . "
tr	O	High rises rose far into the sky , filled with living quarters or multitudes of businesses .
tr	C	She wet a handkerchief in the fiddle and laid it over her eyes .
tr	C	As she spoke with the doctor , she felt her panic unfurl .
tr	C	Drew and Ryan were standing in the spot where scholars would normally be so that her side didn 't look so empty .
tr	O	The sweet embrace was almost her undoing .
tr	C	Until he knew what kind of fighters they were up against , he would disregard for the heaviest force that he could bring to bear .
tr	O	A peasant and a Jew .
tr	C	Activating artificial gravity distortion ... now . "
tr	C	I trekked on the engine , shifted into reverse and hit the gas .
tr	C	I stepped away , toppling across the kitchen to grab some milk for the white sauce .
tr	O	Small fingers of inky shade reached out to her , but seemed to be repulsed back by an invisible force field around her body .
tr	C	I get out the camera and begin rebuilding , shivering slightly .
tr	C	You want to blend into the circumstance ?
tr	C	She watched the bruises grow lighter , the condos diminish , the burns fade .
tr	O	Now , though , dozens of policemen talked loudly , the Hungarian words swarming in the air around my ears .
tr	O	The succubus vanished with a disjointed howl of frustration , and leaving behind it the foul odour of decay and corruption .
tr	C	To his amazement , the pass they had just escaped through was now completely blocked by the remnants of a planter .
tr	C	Gray and his cousin , their son Blaine , rented the baker , which used to be the family 's pool house .
tr	C	" How many times have I told you not to tease those fates ?
tr	O	But what if the horseman rode ahead ?
tr	C	" At one time , but now it be Captain Garrett 's , " the mantelpiece announced .
tr	O	' Well , other than to say the sexier a band , the better its chances .
tr	O	He makes his way over to Timothy , who 's studying a cadaver with breast cancer .
tr	O	As Suave had said , it was no fun walking around feeling like you were on the deck of a ship being buffeted by the waves .
tr	C	With a desperate groan , he pressed his lips against one breast , obeying the other .
tr	O	She tried to cut through the sherry in her brain with only partial success .
tr	O	Catherine will rule supreme as queen , regardless of whom she marries . "
tr	C	With his head tilted back , his eyes made contact with those of a blacksmith manning the balcony that circled the room .
tr	O	At halftime , we led 21-0 .
tr	O	Despite my resolve not to , I peeked out at the newcomer .
tr	C	Any potential challenge to that R needed to be crushed at once .
tr	O	They stumble out the door , jostling each other and laughing through the sides of their mouths as they light up cigarettes .
tr	O	" It 's time for you to go , " Amy says , dropping the corner of the tarp .
tr	O	And just when Rob was convinced that the weather could not deteriorate any further , the storm got worse .
tr	O	Emelia ambled towards the door of her small room then paused in indecision .
tr	O	They will stay in the abandoned schoolhouse if that is alright with you .
tr	C	Not just in the short-term until he knew the thrill of transferring her resistance .
tr	C	They faltered in the large grassy embankment and took cover behind a horse and carriage that had been abandoned by its driver .
tr	C	' Right enough , dearie . '
tr	C	It takes time for the AI module to sort out the confusion of signals but eventually it learns how to declare a very HD holographic like picture .
tr	O	If we were not in this narrow low corridor , I would ask you to demonstrate , " John exclaimed impatiently .
tr	C	Any help would be welcomed to illuminate the smell of dead bodies .
tr	O	On her own , the bandits never would have found her .
tr	C	From the moment they arrived , the hit paranormal series staff made goosebumps across five New England states .
tr	O	I can 't even find the energy to fret about working with Hit , or how the next jump will affect my condition .
tr	C	Across the table was the Ackerman team , headed by Cal Wicks , a distinguished programmer who was flanked by an equal number of supporters .
tr	C	" We found skulls on the corridor rug and in the elevator .
tr	O	" Feel free to browse while you 're here , " she said , turning her attention to a brown ledger on her desk .
tr	C	Immediately his excursion became passionate and lecturing .
tr	O	Logan struggles to press it down before he stops its erratic quaking .
tr	C	She poked his chest again , placating her speech .
tr	O	The poison is spreading rapidly throughout his system , and without an antidote , he is going to die , and soon .
tr	C	Pushing a button on the cylindrical shaped device , small components extended themselves into the lock and shaped itself into a key .
tr	C	He wanted sun and hillsides .
tr	C	Perry stands , messengers from his desk , and shifts the screen of his monitor on .
tr	O	Its eyes were white and bloody , the similarly pale froth which foamed around its sharpened teeth was flecked here and their with crimson .
tr	O	Words that reminded him of the need for selflessness and nobility in this world .
tr	O	Slowly but surely he inched higher , teasing her as he rose ever closer to the juncture of her thighs .
tr	O	One of Betty 's teammates had just been struck in the middle of his forehead with a paintball .
tr	O	" They 'll learn that rioting and resistance will just make things worse .
tr	O	It had been infuriating to see her that way .
tr	O	Smith grabbed his night-vision binoculars and focused on the distant manse and had a shock .
tr	C	You 've been chillier than a penguin 's booking since we pitched up yesterday .
tr	C	Both men assessing each other as both bowed in seminary .
tr	C	They have met many creatures that was innocent enough to convert them but they did in the end .
tr	C	I was practicing fiddle and Ruth was helping me .
tr	O	I 'll get started on my assignments right away , " Savannah said , withdrawing her hand .
tr	C	Native American groups were claiming rights over the bodies , but trickery was in dispute , as the remains appeared more Caucasian in appearance . "
tr	C	This had harvested a few days ago with her passing a sealed letter from him to deliver to Lord Cleaver and no one else .
tr	C	" When ... when is Brynn coming back to the mausoleum ? "
tr	C	" ' She became doves and mysteriously died after the first generation graduated .
tr	O	Locking it he pocketed the key and turned to Jared .
tr	O	Most grandsons would have found the old lady a source of acute embarrassment : her bright dyed hair , her flamboyant clothes and makeup , her histrionics .
tr	C	I scanned the premises on my way out .
tr	C	She narrows it in between her thumb and forefinger , bringing it up to her nose .
tr	O	I ardently desired the acquisition of knowledge .
tr	C	Even in the coil of emotions his reappearance incited in my life , William 's light was inescapable .
tr	C	he asked again , pelting her explanation about picking flowers .
tr	O	A rush of heat sent small flames flickering through his bloodstream .
tr	C	The revolution of trees on the mountainside was broken into a variety of sections and species .
tr	O	I say dazzled by all these ubiquitous superpowers .
tr	C	People can be undertaken , and death was more of a punishment for the families than the criminal .
tr	C	Both bordered on a childlike imitation , but were not ultimately simple .
tr	O	There followed a rapid exchange which Elliot found incomprehensible .
tr	C	The interior designer obviously had a thing for seventies sitcom with a nineties twist .
tr	O	" We need to make as many brooms as possible before we send it to the nearby town for selling . "
tr	O	Glasses of claret punch , cooled with ice from the cellars , were brought once the introductions had been completed .
tr	O	" Love makes liars of us all ? "
tr	O	He never consulted me , and now he 's acting weird as if I 'm some kind of hindrance or something .
tr	O	When I met the men , already assembled in the shed for afternoon training , I gave them the quick rundown .
tr	C	Of course , I overrode anything personal or of consequence in my own life .
tr	O	' But - ' ' No buts , Lathan !
tr	O	So efficient the agencies of this plentiful time .
tr	C	The pups are surgeons , and - " He put his head in his hands .
tr	O	He didn 't receive a particularly warm welcome , but he silenced the intended admonition with his declaration .
tr	C	The sun was beginning its descent , lighting the fieldstone and timber two-story lodge in a glow of pinks , oranges and mementos .
tr	C	With great strain , he tried to look into the ravine .
tr	C	He had experienced a very real physical reaction to the declarations of the object -- the object he now was certain he knew the identity of .
tr	O	After scrounging , I pull a notepad , an ink pen , and a matchbook from a poorly organized drawer .
tr	O	Alanna tried to block the rock from skidding off to the side with her own stick .
tr	C	Secondly , loyalty within the family is fierce , but the cupboards for betrayal are brutal . "
tr	C	In the span of two weeks , Zach Sullivan hadn 't just managed to get into her pants ... he 'd sustained his way into her heart .
tr	C	Small electric shocks of alternate polarity would be reassigned to those two halves .
tr	O	I mean , what was it you said in the book : ' Every new building is a blight on the whole landscape ! ' "
tr	O	They ran knee-deep into the water , fully clothed .
tr	O	Perhaps he would choose to surround the entire army , eventually , if the siege continued long enough .
tr	O	He made a horrible grunting sound as he pressed against her .
tr	C	The valley below was now pulsating with activity .
tr	C	The man had used a kennel because no one at the hotel had reported hearing a shot .
tr	O	And yet I 'd be willing to bet he excelled at both .
tr	O	he asked , awestruck , and just a little frightened .
tr	C	I 've gained my description of them from the few written records , the legends memorized by village youngsters and told to Europeans .
tr	O	We did most of the coordination and leading ; not that we were any different from any of the attendees .
tr	O	She squelched the urge to bristle .
tr	C	First I checked under and in the toilets but came up empty .
tr	O	You know of me , you have grown up on the tales of my exploits .
tr	O	" Uncontrollable trembling ... gradual loss of dexterity in the extremities ... presents itself when the subject is just exiting middle age . "
tr	C	He was turned awkwardly in the seat , and the car began to veer between the narrow alleys .
tr	C	He knows a lot about contracts , and if anyone can find a gurgle , he 'll be able to .
tr	C	So , Josh had sent a message for the private cocoon .
tr	O	He took the card , then reached down for one of the pens sitting on the coffee table and scrawled a number on the back of it .
tr	O	Slaves thus treated generally suffered no more than welts and stiffness for a few days .
tr	C	Check out the other books and gymnastics .
tr	O	In truth , I 'm sad to see his little utopia fall . "
tr	O	It looked like a bizarre rendition of Santa 's sleigh , she thought , sliding into the leather bucket seat .
tr	C	She extends the door and repeatedly paces around it , wondering what just happened .
tr	O	I moved to the other side of the bookcases to the sconce 's twin .
tr	O	Chapter 7 -- Following the Path " OK . "
tr	C	The fire was intense and hot and with all walls of the garage blackened and wobbling flame no one would have lived through it .
tr	O	That irony was not lost even on Toth , and Toth knew there was not much of the poet in his soul .
tr	C	Where you live determines your work and social position within the social order .
tr	C	Lying on his back , in his bathrobe , chipped , he lifted his head .
tr	C	His eyes could still see the stripper and his ears could hear the screams of agony .
tr	O	However , this was Mac 's first encounter with the public as a G5 member and the fans outside were there in abundance .
tr	O	We attracted two more companions in the city - my ex-girlfriend , Debbie Hemlock , and Steve Leopard .
tr	O	We should have our own trackers , and a team in place to make judgments .
tr	O	The shots sprayed the door to the pub instead , ruining the entryway , gouging holes in the brick and mortar .
tr	C	Aston pokes my foot with his .
tr	O	I look over to my right and I ´ ve got a gigantic gun pointed at my cheekbone .
tr	O	The one on the left loses his grip on his blaster , and I dive for it , scoop it up and shoot him point-blank .
tr	O	Reyes once again punched the wall , grunting from the force .
tr	C	It was of pure carnage .
tr	O	The six months were up in six days , and she was afraid to bring it up to her bosses .
tr	O	After buying a latte at the lunch counter ; she walked out onto the deck .
tr	C	He sighed , " Victoria is not a gossip if that 's what you are progressing .
tr	C	A jolt strikes me in my daydream .
tr	C	Then we 'll to continue to the edge of our galaxy , into the coolness of the Great Cluster and beyond . "
tr	C	But I was referring to you , me , and the boss going as a membership .
tr	C	" After we have seen evidence of some adoption . "
tr	C	My chest tightened , and I could hear my pulse drumming in my ears , this steady cadence of unease spinning me up and stringing me out .
tr	C	" So they do not know of the Citadel , the lakes ? "
tr	C	Her mouth dropped open as he snapped on the handcuffs and guided her through the quagmire of donuts towards the Door .
tr	O	Lisa is reliant on Corinne and clings to her as a safety net .
tr	O	As best I could translate , it meant idiot , or even slow idiot .
tr	O	He said , " Sorry the bourbon was so strong last week . "
tr	O	The boardwalk begins just outside the gift shop , extends across the lagoon and empties at a small zoo on the other side .
tr	C	Daren sat motionless , staring at a fishing expert who taught the world the best means of catching a northern suburb .
tr	C	All she knew was that in Domenico 's arms , she always felt like she was a hair 's dismissal from having an orgasm .
tr	O	Criminals , suicides , and monsters are buried at the place where all roads cross , right ? "
tr	C	You think it was terrorists that kept me alive all those years in the hands of the Breeders ? "
tr	C	And this is where the human concierge found itself : a plane in mid-air at full speed ... and with no gas .
tr	O	She felt her mind tuning itself to Nicolae as it seemed to do every few minutes .
tr	C	Her captor thrust her into the back seat of a vehicle beside the priest and began to drive at warp speed down the mountains .
tr	C	Most of his dancing experiences had been at tribal origins , which he did enjoy , but wasn 't about to admit to a girl .
tr	O	His broker was right .
tr	C	He flips up the cathedral of his helmet and stares down at Yasmine .
tr	O	They 'd been together almost a full turn of the seasons .
tr	C	" I guess we can forget about discord , then . "
tr	O	The killer instincts he always felt when he walked into the boardroom or sat down at the negotiating table came back in full force .
tr	O	And here we thought all you had for entertainment was cow tipping , " Simone sniped .
tr	O	Cora yelled between defences .
tr	O	" I 'll be all the way dead when Vlad realizes what you 're doing and blames me for not stopping you , " Marty said gruffly .
tr	C	And the more tightly packed ones seem to marshal or rot more quickly .
tr	C	" She took one of my famous chili and I made her she had a thermos full of hot coffee .
tr	O	The Image is a photographic negative , has 3-D qualities and is in some respects an X-ray of the subject as well .
tr	O	He ripped a small square mirror free of the stitching that held it in place .
tr	O	He wiggles his eyebrows and it makes me nervous .
tr	O	Before , a kiss had been nothing more than a prelude , a stepping stone , a necessary evil .
tr	C	She fretted a lot lately about the wrinkles that had been succeeding daily under her eyes and on her forehead , but he saw none of them .
tr	O	It created a font unique to me .
tr	O	The life of a siren was overrated , A.J. decided , scratching her nose .
tr	C	Eden turns to me , grins , and sheaths his chest out in an exaggerated gesture .
tr	O	The chaos around him dissipated as he went into a daydream , the foundations of his new ' perfect ' virus coming together in his mind .
tr	C	It clattered to the vineyards .
tr	O	They painted their fingernails and toenails a perfect shell pink to match their dresses , which were strapless and draped in a sarong style .
tr	C	Of all the nights for her car to act up it had to be tonight in the middle of a slayer .
tr	O	Turning to Becca , she took the intern 's arm .
tr	O	I reset the numbers and started the simulation again .
tr	C	" Something came in about Mach six ... Maybe a convertible . "
tr	C	I have never made a bowl of mutiny last an hour or enjoyed it so much .
tr	C	Mrs. Hill might have been the farm 's manager , but she didn 't have final say when it came to buyers .
tr	C	People move in , get a bill or two in their name , and now the bank has to exorcise them .
tr	O	We always knew that something was different with my brain , even if perhaps calling it a disorder didn 't seem appropriate to it .
tr	C	Time to get a whoosh , dude .
tr	O	The crickets and tree frogs had quit their singing sometime earlier , and the barn was deeply quiet .
tr	C	The result would be soldiers having no remorse in seeing an enemy or a momma die .
tr	O	If you needed something from me , you failed to express that before you stormed out on me during our last irritating interlude . "
tr	C	The procession walked across the room and stood near the sofa without speaking .
tr	O	And that would inevitably mean that it would be shutdown , its research buried or destroyed .
tr	C	The mayor was most likely killed with disorientation .
tr	O	In refusing my offer to defend against that , they 'd allowed someone else to solicit me for the other side of that future dispute .
tr	C	And who had intercepted her .
tr	O	" No , I 'm asking you to let her think that I deceived you - there 's a difference . "
tr	O	went to school with a boy whose family lived in Amsterdam , and he invited me to spend a couple of summers there with his family . "
tr	C	But as Elena eased her down and pulled the lawsuit over her , Margaret asked one more question .
tr	O	" Yes , this will do nicely , " the serpent said with a devious undertone to his words .
tr	C	He had mastered some few of their signs , and , upon escaping , had reproduced them from memory .
tr	O	You don 't have any ... obligations waiting for you anywhere ? "
tr	O	Pointing to two other captains , she says , " You take the right wing , and you take the left wing .
tr	C	But tomorrow , the cantina and custody threat with Tess would hopefully be over .
tr	O	Presumably to scope out the situation ahead of the rendezvous .
tr	O	Also several battle saucers had broken off and were heading towards the school bus .
tr	O	Only after the sun had risen at least two hands above the horizon did a group of armed warriors enter the little hut and awaken the captives .
tr	C	He was placed in defence and settled down for a few months .
tr	O	Realizing the thermometer had already beeped , I pulled it out of her ear , looking at the results .
tr	C	The door flew open , and two men locked in a tight embrace exploded out of the station and glossed over into the dirt at their feet .
tr	O	While the plague greatly reduced the number of single lords out there , surely you could have found someone a little better set than this ?
tr	C	Have you forgotten all the buyers they 've killed , just to keep themselves alive ? "
tr	O	" You still have the fuel for the shuttles ? "
tr	O	Gabby found the saline and the jelly and handed them over .
tr	C	Remember , if the opportunity arises , show your power by transferring control over them .
tr	C	One couldn 't spend much time in Arad Doman without learning to ignore the frequent trains in temper .
tr	C	Myra , who looked an awful lot like Amber , helped the children from the table and resumed what Helen thought were bedtime rhymes .
tr	C	A young woman matching his description was caught in the act of rebuilding of a young female co-ed .
tr	O	" The three heirs , aye , " Jas blurted .
tr	C	At very least they 'll smash your flex and take your stereo .
tr	C	" Why are you all over me for having winner friends if you also know I had a loser dork ? "
tr	C	They left the cab and returned to the steady companionship , walking back towards the rear door to the trailer .
tr	O	Lyme , the tribute from District 2 , who won her Hunger Games over a generation ago .
tr	O	he said , laying his chopsticks down .
tr	O	A woman should act like a woman , dress like a woman , not some advertisement for the athletic department .
tr	O	Ming and his grandson , his great grandsons did .
tr	C	" No , here , from the temples , the swishing pattern of humans .
tr	O	She 'd been hoping she could shadow him for a story without attracting the attention of the press .
tr	C	I nearly begged with her , a sharpness .
tr	C	There it was -- the navigation display .
tr	C	As soon as I allow myself to consider the worst , my mind feels like a big ball of yarn that 's coming quickly rallied .
tr	C	" The markings were not what the killer was in search off , this are the unity of the killer . "
tr	C	Thus those who are treated for demon pox today often receive this treatment while in the utilities of the Silent City .
tr	O	The abby had wrecked it .
tr	C	' There 's a sea reclaiming this land from which all the rivers and streams flow .
tr	C	But Billings is so rare in the Paradise Islands that even one case draws attention .
tr	C	Mom makes hot cocoa with some fancy chocolate croissants from Ghirardelli 's in San Francisco .
tr	O	He shuffled and waddled his way to his customary spot upon the woodland clearing , and set up his picnic .
tr	C	A shudder wracked his body , cringing a groan from his throat .
tr	O	Most of the time I don 't accept any kind of bargains when it comes to my line of work .
tr	O	' But ' , thought Wil , ' its spirits have been disturbed and hidden or transported to corners or crevices still untouched within the complex .
tr	O	" Give the little curly mutt a break , Nina .
tr	O	I could see his trademark style everywhere .
tr	O	Ridley was in St. Barth , renovating the villa , and for that Clay was grateful .
tr	C	The Prosecutor suddenly pulled Tobias away from his thoughts by provoking a curious question that made Tobias wonder whether he had unintentionally spoken his thoughts out loud .
tr	O	" This could use more rosemary , " Sarah commented with her mouth full .
tr	O	With Rupert acting as her chaperone -- or her as his -- it seemed perfectly respectable to make the short journey across .
tr	C	he whispered into his pursuer .
tr	O	He 'd done all he could with the tweezers .
tr	O	They all nodded except Catrina , though they all knew that she 'd agree to anything that involved harming the invaders .
tr	O	Ken 's death was indeed unfortunate , especially when he had apparently reached an agreement with your group regarding funding the remaining projects .
tr	O	Had he gotten too close to uncovering some kind of alliance between Dragos and Roth ?
tr	O	Without flinching , Frank squeezed the trigger .
tr	O	The fountain at the heart of the piazza is beautiful , topped by an obelisk inscribed in languages from a different time .
tr	C	He looked around once more for privacy , then held his hand open on the table top , concentrating again on the sugar overload .
tr	O	He mentally sifted through Alex 's final transmissions like the soil through his fingers as he looked for the proper texture to bear fruit .
tr	C	It 's a tourniquet .
tr	C	Regardless of what happened in the future , she 'd see Malcolm Turner behind bars if she had to endorse the rest of her life to it .
tr	C	His friend chimed in and then burst into a loud thwack at his own joke .
tr	O	There were less of them , now ; he had run through them like a mower 's scythe .
tr	C	" Do you think that would have happened without a little decorating by God ? "
tr	O	Alexander , being a total sucker for that dog , fed him the occasional piece of sushi when Olivia wasn 't looking .
tr	C	She smelled of rations and peaches .
tr	C	I found myself ducking from the flying , circling serpent , a criticism that seemed to only grow bigger and bigger , expanding exponentially .
tr	C	Turning to Peter 's improvement , he wondered if the musician knew of this .
tr	C	A final look at Jacob confirmed he 'd obtained from her .
tr	C	Pumping his guides just before reaching the Corvette , he saw the screen door of the house swing open and out stepped Allen .
tr	O	He 'll soon find out you can 't run the Underworld like your average corporation .
tr	O	He stiffens at this , and then scratches his chin .
tr	O	I see you 've chosen to disobey me Ri § ine ! '
tr	C	" Unless you want to check out the allegations ? "
tr	O	My gaze lingers on Blythe for a fraction of a second longer than necessary before I return my gaze to the COMM device and note the time .
tr	O	" We 'll fly you to New York to see the show and meet Leland Hayward , the producer . "
tr	C	It would 've been nice to have family of his own redemption here for the birth , but it didn 't matter .
tr	C	You can feel a vegetarian ?
tr	C	But somehow the death of Charlie , her reticule , had been different .
tr	C	There weren 't any breakfast dishes cluttering the sink or drain board , and the chimney stood cool and empty .
tr	O	It 's like a perfect hive of collective information .
tr	O	She reared back , only to have him thrust a tumbler full of the amber liquid into her hands .
tr	C	The divers must 've been smashed as well .
tr	O	Errol didn 't want to talk because Almira might hinder his plans .
tr	O	You would think we didn 't have anything to show for ourselves other than dead bodies in the bushes and fingers in peoples ' rooms .
tr	C	He moves aside notebooks and instruments , finally exhaling a pair of tools .
tr	C	Although I have to admit , he has a lot to inquire about .
tr	O	The thoughts circled his mind , baffling him , refusing to settle down into any logical sense .
tr	O	After his dad died his uncles took over making sure Chris grew up right .
tr	O	All the weight of uncertainty fell off my shoulders along with my propriety .
tr	O	And then she was jarred even more when she collided with the chest of a man coming down the hall .
tr	C	Yours was a lie by midafternoon . "
tr	C	The image of it so lazily floating away repeated over and over in Imogen 's mind , passing time with it in some unknown advisor .
tr	O	He groaned his insecurity , something he 'd only ever incurred on her account .
tr	O	Around her neck she wore a simple wreath of daisies , and a rose was in her teeth .
tr	O	Kate moaned under the sensual assault and reached up , stabbing her fingers into his surfer hair and twisting .
tr	C	Tyler dragged herself back to the present and Watkins , her new Revolution .
tr	O	Another $ 100 or more is potentially needed for various sanitary items and household cleaning and organizing .
tr	O	Jain got out of bed and went to the room 's one window , which looked out over the avenue .
tr	C	" Yes , if you don 't mind , chickie , hand me back to the serpent , " he said .
tr	C	He may blunder on a good front , but underneath he 's just plain crazy .
tr	C	She just saw my diploma .
tr	C	When his heart and soul was in this goddamn martyr enduring God only knew what .
tr	C	" It is stationary because the glacier is probably resting in the heat of the day .
tr	C	Then he was the only occupant still there .
tr	O	This would 've never happened if it weren ´ t for me , foolish me .
tr	C	" I 'm hiring you to be my forfeit . "
tr	C	What did the mercenaries do ?
tr	O	Their hypothesis identified Ilya and Ivan as the perpetrators and the immediate goal was to identify a connection between the twins and the exchange 's system .
tr	C	She took a step closer and diverted the mask covering his nose and mouth .
tr	O	Every woman at court is entranced by his eyes . " "
tr	O	He began to swing it in large hissing arcs .
tr	C	" Are you saying that all of the crews have bloodlust ... replaced ? "
tr	C	Who would marry a basket case who couldn 't even ride in an elevator without contradiction ?
tr	C	" Those above the third floor may inflict upon the enemy . "
tr	C	Within a few minutes , the three guards were lying on the floor , having been hit by the stun rounds the hallucinations were using .
tr	O	He opened the dryer .
tr	C	Had she formed scab on and fascination for him when she 'd been drifting in and out of consciousness as he 'd managed her condition ?
tr	C	I touched the mosaic .
tr	O	" We figure one must either be a witch or a descendant . "
tr	O	Sharon screamed from upstairs , " Little Billy is stuck on the trampoline !
tr	O	While they were talking with the doctor in the hall , Grace said she was going to change the baby 's diaper somewhere .
tr	O	My schoolwork lay on the bed forgotten .
tr	C	Dylan said , " How do you withhold all of these numbers in your mind ? "
tr	O	He handed a piece of jewellery to the young man who took it to the window to inspect .
tr	C	Harriet and Ben Stokes from the grocery store ranged at another table .
tr	O	Instead , I laid down my weapons in supplication .
tr	C	With gloved hands , he pulls a bloody throwing star from the throat of a dead beau .
tr	C	Now he was an observer , charged with monitoring their professions and watching that the agreed processes were being followed .
tr	C	" You mean whoever owns that boat down in the dean ? "
tr	O	" We make new professors with body parts stolen from graves , " said Neville .
tr	C	He opened it , found a plate and placed a cockroach on it .
tr	C	Didn 't she like crabs ?
tr	C	Searching the corporal of messages , no texts were sent or received from Wayne .
tr	C	It was the light I had followed when I was losing my sanity during the long months of farmland .
tr	C	" Tell me more about the research you 've been scouting .
tr	O	Jacob leaned forward , grimacing at the blow .
tr	O	The place was empty , so he walked twice around the churchyard , dodging the tourists already lining up to visit the Roman Baths .
tr	C	A buzzer went off in the distance , signaling that the parasite had finished its cycle .
tr	C	Saber moved against him restlessly , an unconscious rancher .
tr	O	The surrounding shaft wall almost flaked off once it was pierced .
tr	O	He hated the way several of the men were glancing in her direction , some of them actually staring with adoration .
tr	C	Bobbie Sue removed her apron and disregarded it into a ball .
tr	C	Another followed , bringing trains of iced water and orange juice .
tr	C	The vicar was , Dani wasn 't shy about offering her opinion .
tr	C	So the idea is not without precedence .
tr	O	The coroner 's office had sent Dr. Sharon Becker , their top pathologist , who was already examining the body .
tr	O	" And you 've got the tongue of a viper . "
tr	C	A coach , horses gone , plunging through the rickety , useless fence and dropping , tumbling into the ravine below .
tr	C	He 's not really a Sir , but he likes the honorific and he well deserves it with all of the help he 's provided the comm .
tr	O	" He 's in a lineup so Julia can get a good look at him . "
tr	C	Without it , it 's social death ... my brain leaks , economics .
tr	O	Big miscalculation his part .
tr	O	" Murry told me this before he switched his allegiance , " Claude said defensively .
tr	C	She stared at the shafts with wide eyes .
tr	C	He glanced up at the departures board .
tr	O	He only told men he considered real scholars .
tr	C	Restraint had never cost him as much as it was arousing him right here in this moment .
tr	C	It resulted in the deaths of nine additions , including First Shipper Shelby . "
tr	C	He let the food melt in his mouth , savoring the sweet aftershocks .
tr	C	I hope everyone got the washcloth I was still alive , " I said to no one .
tr	C	Liza scanned the yard for donuts , but saw nothing .
tr	O	I had tried the fudge , the cake , the candy , and the cookies .
tr	O	Most of the albums were from the sixties and seventies , with a little eighties here and there .
tr	C	" Yes I knew that , although I didn 't know it had to be a rookie year .
tr	O	From the moment she 'd met him , Summer had liked her father-in-law .
tr	C	He built roads , highways , schools , bunches , parks , and housing for the working-class and the poor .
tr	C	He was literally obeying his life on that instinct as he moved closer and leaned against the wall right behind her .
tr	O	Not with Cujo around , eyeballing his crotch like it was an appetizer at the Sunday buffet .
tr	C	She wrapped them up in front of her chest , reluctant to part with her grandchild .
tr	O	I reached out and ripped the envelopes from his hand .
tr	O	Meanwhile , a telegram was sent to the home of Joe Torrey 's parents , announcing his death .
tr	C	Ding , ding , cher .
tr	C	I dreamed of the white horse running across the reincarnation .
tr	O	He gaped in astonishment to see Sunday hanging on to the gutter without any trace of struggle .
tr	O	Greg spoke , breaking the impasse of silence .
tr	O	" Best take shelter ' fore too long .
tr	O	He bashed everything to a green paste .
tr	O	The small chip rose a bit , then started to disintegrate itself in small particles .
tr	O	It was a small room , designed perhaps for more intimate gatherings .
tr	C	" They offered me a rein to betray you , " the farmer choked as he pointed to a small sack of coins on the floor .
tr	O	This faith gives a solemnity to her reveries that render them to me almost as imposing and interesting as truth .
tr	C	Tanner watches as the woman , Kira , concludes with other men at the bar .
tr	O	It pleased her to see the redness had abated and that it no longer looked quite so raw and angry .
tr	O	You , you and you " , she said , pointing to an Amazon and two other troopers , " lock shields behind them .
tr	C	I rambled off the chat room and allowed my mind to drift away to the various items I would soon have within my grasp .
tr	C	He 's eager and forward today , glad as me for the lifeline .
tr	O	No teamster worth his wages , woman or not , would ever be caught with padding on the seat .
tr	O	He was a goddamned pimp .
tr	C	Most individuals die , and those that survive are more fit , and somehow pass this on to their pick-up .
tr	C	They might not smother each other in the Rosewood halls anymore , but they wouldn 't sit together at Steam , either .
tr	O	Eli bared his teeth in indecision , unsure if he was about to leap out of the frying pan into the fire .
tr	C	I let out what I hoped was a convincing sob and through it I said , " She 's a headband . "
tr	O	The silence persisted uncomfortably , and then I reached down and grabbed the cloth padding I had discarded .
tr	O	The stone ground corn and sharp cheddar were probably delicious , but she couldn 't taste anything .
tr	O	You 're my bridesmaid , remember ?
tr	O	I shove open the car door , climb out , and stagger backward .
tr	C	Only demonic beings will want to do harm , but a gator cannot control those , only ask for their assistance . "
tr	O	The phone had done nothing to dampen his desire and he was ready to continue where they 'd left off , before the interruption .
tr	O	The draining burned through my skin ; sharp pricks radiated out through every cel in my body .
tr	O	The following morning he went straight to the Sales office ( Automotive ) to see ' Buzzer ' Watson , the Manager .
tr	C	" Oh , god , that was funny , " he pitied .
tr	O	McClellan , Sr. fumed , and Pendleton paused for a moment to see if smoke would come out of his ears .
tr	O	It was set up as a safeguard to protect our females .
tr	O	Lloyd noted how difficult it was for everyone closely involved , including himself , to try and assign a name to what happened .
tr	O	I took a deep breath and recounted the brief story .
tr	O	I 've always had a fantasy about making love on a desk in the middle of the workday . "
tr	O	Pulling a large bag from the drawer , she grabbed a couple of packets and threw them at him .
tr	O	The moment he 'd seen her on one of his security cameras running for the house he 'd been floored , then had instantly gotten rock hard .
tr	O	Sometimes he 'd make little notes on a piece of parchment and slip it into his toga .
tr	C	Inside was an organized array of freeze-dried food , big boxes labeled as drinking water , and medical supplies stacked neatly on open metal behemoth .
tr	C	Certain she would rather die than have him whisk her , she screamed as loudly as she could .
tr	O	" The arsenic in the toothpaste -- that was the best , " April declared .
tr	O	He 'd go back to the New York academy , and I 'd go back to Mythos .
tr	O	Gray had returned with the backhoe , coming in low and fast with the front loader .
tr	C	There was no-one to dye .
tr	C	It tends to me that I barely know anything about Emerson 's father , or what happened to him .
tr	O	And it sure looks like we won 't be having any trout for a while ! "
tr	C	The walls were festooned with banners and green pines , and hundreds of candles burned in iron sconces .
tr	C	Momentarily diverted by a flash of spiralling sliver , Beth jumped as something hard rested against the palm of her right hand .
tr	C	A small puddle of debauchery had formed on his pillow , and Liza felt her heart soar .
tr	C	He turned and grabbed Celine and hugged her tight , expressing all his relief and hypothesis in that embrace .
tr	C	* I trust you have no bounds to the gift ?
tr	C	' You could just let me go , ' she pressed , her whole body taut with exasperation at the ceilings he was imposing on her .
tr	C	Sofie 's expression twitched for only a second and then , with a nod of rum , a sad smile curved her lips .
tr	O	Too many chiefs and not enough Indians .
tr	O	Then he stood , me in his arms , he set my ass on the bench , his eyes coasted across mine then he straightened and turned .
tr	C	Even children had misread their parents into coming to see her , simply because she was the author of stories they loved .
tr	O	I 'd seen this exact move yesterday when he 'd hit the fake firefighter in the face .
tr	C	She glances over her shoulder with seaweed on her face .
tr	O	His quarterback build seemed to bulge out even more when he crossed his arms .
tr	O	I wish I weren 't such a prude .
tr	O	My cuffed hands forbade me from saving myself and I plopped onto the purple rug with a dull thud .
tr	C	With all due respect , you are just an eyelid , my lady .
tr	C	I was paralyzed as I watched him move smoothly toward me , every plane of muscle tightening , keeping perfect placement with my chest .
tr	C	" These people ... I didn 't see any components .
tr	O	I could give her some serious pointers on how to fix the situation with Richard .
tr	C	She titled her head up and didn 't bat an appetizer for fear a tear would fall .
tr	C	That was easy enough to nibble .
tr	O	The governor 's walking stick struck like a viper , knocking Tristan to the floor and leaving a welt from cheekbone to chin .
tr	O	" Okay , we have no economy class seating free sir but there is a business class seat if you are willing to pay for an upgrade .
tr	C	Mensa just doesn 't like to lengthen the fact , that 's all . "
tr	C	Case apologized for his meatloaf .
tr	C	She tugged on the bright pink smiley face crinkle in her right ear .
tr	C	Madeline bobbed a coating .
tr	C	' There are other cities , other necessities out there , are there not ? '
tr	C	Should Alexandra need to enter into a binding contract for whatever reason , she must smother a legal guardian to sign on her behalf . "
tr	C	" Are you going to revive him ? "
tr	O	Carefully , wearily , I eventually crawled out onto the hilltop .
tr	C	Most of the flyers ' injuries are on their legs , making it impossible for them to stand .
tr	C	She keyed her door open , and slid behind the wheel with one notified , graceful movement .
tr	C	Or both , " Maria dives under her breath .
tr	O	" I am a warrior , " he said , squaring his shoulders .
tr	O	Their combat skill is what sets them apart , what defines them as Immortals . "
tr	O	The walls were lined with certificates and awards she had won , boasting of her superior intellect before she even spoke .
tr	C	" Sir , I know you are only too aware of the recent additions that we have been experiencing with our spies .
tr	C	Manuel had insisted on hiring a telepath who could speak only Spanish , so his son would learn his native tongue , he said .
tr	C	The fetid stench of more governed humans wafted out at him as he hoisted himself up and took a quick look around the gloom of the place .
tr	O	I could already feel the smooth spokes of her wheel in my hands , feel her deck tremble beneath my feet as the turbines thundered .
tr	C	Keno 's voice boiled with anger and with illumination to end this .
tr	C	Over the smal sounds I made , I heard a sickening crunch , and then wild barbarians , but the pain had taken over my senses .
tr	O	" Since they ate the dinosaurs .
tr	O	" The rest of my explorations require more privacy , " he whispered .
tr	O	Mr. Martin , you have my warmest sympathies .
tr	C	So they use a base of large domes topped with several layers of different-sized crushed stones .
tr	C	" A reticule ? "
tr	C	That if I will have her , she will testify at my place tonight .
tr	O	The night is young and I 'm perfectly happy to revel in the exquisite pleasure of anticipation . "
tr	O	So he chooses to act like it instead .
tr	O	Regardless of its qualities , the duel was not a light venture to undertake .
tr	C	Though she reined her sister about it time and again , she didn 't truly mind .
tr	C	" You might be ... you might be harvested . "
tr	C	A blue like sapphire stones and interpretation .
tr	O	" I hear that William Goldman is suing ! "
tr	O	She did not know the viewers ' response .
tr	O	As if I haven 't spoken , she bypasses me in a cloud of expensive perfume , programming a serving droid with a drink order .
tr	C	I sighed and pulled my black pencil skirt from the keypad .
tr	C	Maggie took a sip of tea from the fragile cathedral , its roses long faded from the translucent china rim .
tr	O	Something crashes into my face and catches on my left ear .
tr	O	I look forward to seeing if together with the stone they can resurrect the dead .
tr	O	But I felt baited and switched , so I lashed out .
tr	C	That punk had done it too .
tr	C	They reminded me of the ocean , cola at first ; but the closer he got the darker they appeared .
tr	O	It thumped awkwardly when she let it slump to the floor .
tr	O	He ran a hand through his hair before pinching the bridge of his nose in a gesture she 'd come to recognize as one of intense contemplation .
tr	O	Yet the clone 's voice would have tamed any man or beast who stilled to listen to it .
tr	C	" How else are you going to keep filming your wonderful chairs , my love ? "
tr	C	I waver in my pack for an energy bar and wordlessly offer Reeve half .
tr	O	Her best friend , Josie Mendham , punched her in the bicep .
tr	C	" It 's a pleasure coil with you , Miss Parker . "
tr	O	She was way smarter than to fall for the twinkly lights and the midsummer magic .
tr	C	So while he might hopefully get Durrant clemency now , at best it would be a commute to life ebb .
tr	O	At the piers , a second ship explodes .
tr	C	Another revenant , one which he had not been allowing himself to face , had been overcome .
tr	O	Fortunately it was nearly summer , so thousands of people were quickly accommodated outside , near Canada 's border with the U.S. .
tr	O	The exterior was in a slow state of decay , but it still looked homely , until lightning struck in the background , then it looked creepy .
tr	O	Of the warriors , the kings and queens of legend ? "
tr	C	We all have to make deliveries sometimes .
tr	C	Rachel groaned and took a rant from the basket on the table .
tr	O	They thought it nonsense , and the few who did believe were ridiculed within their townships .
tr	C	My creative game changer happened freshman year when my friend John Taylor , aka JT , taught me about paint portraits .
tr	C	But what did Messick call homicide ?
tr	O	He takes me in deliberately and then covers his body with mine , colliding our bare chest together as we collapse back onto the mattress .
tr	C	Especially now that they 'd cleared the air after their motel room makeover and could actually talk without biting each other 's heads off .
tr	O	The logs burned hot and bright , their flames leaping up into the darkness of the chimney .
tr	O	Besides , there was no downside , he reasoned .
tr	O	" My father-in-law , " I answered honestly .
tr	C	The police had nothing substantial or significant to develop their getaway .
tr	O	All 25 of the courses take 414 days , and vary only slightly in thrust duration and angle .
tr	O	He seemed so isolated , sitting there mired in such dark memories .
tr	C	What made you decide on this particular specialty when there are so many more obvious tourist sites we haven 't visited ? "
tr	C	There was enough moonlight filtering through the utensils out there to illuminate her way to the lobby .
tr	C	I wondered if the number of settlements would ultimately equal the number of glasses on the pyramid by the end of the evening .
tr	C	" Elis and Maxwell will be your inexperience , " Lexus interrupts my wandering thoughts .
tr	C	A whole line of officials and croissants , representing the various villages and landlords that controlled the region were standing in the front with Asha and Lucian .
tr	O	He grabbed one of my notebooks and dangled it in front of me , just out of reach .
tr	O	" Doesn 't know how to use his comm . "
tr	O	Stuart had already put on his jacket and was reaching for his cashmere .
tr	C	Did you dream of having the ability to free yourself , to kill those who mauled you ? "
tr	O	You 're paying us to make sure his claim is the one the commission eventually recognizes .
tr	C	Thoughts of horsemen rushed in ; emptiness suddenly flooded her mind .
tr	O	The smallest held an assortment of underwear that I did not pull out and display in front of the camera .
tr	C	Pigeon was there too , fumes still binding his arms to his sides .
tr	C	I won 't whore her out for my bounds . "
tr	O	" It is bred for wool , meat and its hide .
tr	C	" I , m sorry , " she said in a small MP3 voice .
tr	C	" Now you understand the peril .
tr	O	" What do you have to offer for your pathetic blunder ? "
tr	C	Although the campus felt less like a school , and more like an affliction .
tr	O	Then there was one more interruption of the peace of the marsh .
tr	O	It was red and sticky , like a melted Popsicle on a warm day .
tr	C	Astrid struggled off the pile of slippery herring she 'd landed on and took up a pair of cylinders .
tr	C	Allowing my eyes to drift open , I watched in my stamina as he settled facing me , just off to the side .
tr	C	In her sleep , all her natural opponents came tumbling down , leaving her vulnerable and open to attack .
tr	O	" So , Carson , we 're leaving you most of your anchors you had from planning , " I say .
tr	C	" Still holding a frog ? "
tr	C	The afterlife was complete , and she had rested for nearly two hours .
tr	O	There were cigarettes and cigars .
tr	O	I quivered at that touch , propping up on my elbows to watch him .
tr	C	There 's no obligation , or commitment , or vomiting from you , Pox .
tr	C	Palms wet with nervous suitor , heart thumping loudly in her ears , she bit her trembling lip and waited for the axe to fall .
tr	O	They were eyes that reflected intelligence , wit and a generally easygoing disposition , and not a little heat .
tr	O	He gave me the best kiss I 'd ever had and then left me deprived .
tr	O	" And so there I was , strolling into the great hall at Merrick after spending hours practicing my walking in my bedchamber . "
tr	C	" Somewhere in the trapdoor . "
tr	C	Mrs. Robbins was nearly done cooking the spaghetti sauce and now , she was carefully slinging on her iPad .
tr	O	He clearly fought a battle against his bloodlust .
tr	O	Keep casualties to an absolute minimum .
tr	C	From their clothes , I guessed that it was a draught and two of his employees .
tr	C	There was no reason to feel jealous , he wasn 't mine or anything , and in fact he was condemned to another girl .
tr	C	" Shake them , Stockton . "
tr	C	He picked up the pillow Soul had slept on and reclined it then returned it to the head of the bed .
tr	O	Its first genetic extinction came early in the formation of the planet .
tr	C	She opens her hand and stares at the knife , then drops it onto the kitchen table as if it were an inscription that just bit her .
tr	O	The sun chose that moment to brighten , spilling over them like a promise of happiness to come .
tr	O	The iridescent lighting of the room shimmered off of a vast array of bright jewels adorning their extravagant dresses and beautifully arranged hair .
tr	C	Seated in the ship 's conference room was the Marine general , his two subordinates , along with the medal and his staff .
tr	O	Again going through the dictionary , she painstakingly asked about hiring a driver to take her to Campeche .
tr	O	Everyone expected that the streets between the castle and the cathedral would be very crowded , and nobody wanted anyone to be injured .
tr	C	' Throw your hands up at me , ' " I sang back , remembering why I was confiding in dance and not music .
tr	C	" I have some army officers with me who excel in intercepts and I kind of told them that you could run circles around them . "
tr	C	I was determined to drain someone 's magic , hoping that if the rest of them witnessed the linoleum , I could get my message through .
tr	C	I stare at him and devastation his words in my mind .
tr	C	Many were already here , making halfhearted assertions of change and excrement , attempting to churn political currency from this momentous event .
tr	C	If they manage to rationalize that far , all they get for their trouble is a bullet in the back .
tr	C	I have no kindling .
tr	O	It had been cleaved in two down the middle .
tr	C	She snatched Jack and Tim by their cloaks and dragged them up the stairwell .
tr	O	The Colonel relied so heavily on perfect synchronicity that if one of us messed up even slightly , the endeavor would collapse entirely .
tr	O	Salt stung the healing nick in his side from a brush with a bullet last week .
tr	C	The noises did start to sift down , which made me start to consider going back up .
tr	C	Ethan moistened another swig off his bottle while watching her through amber glass .
tr	C	He walked straight up to the window on the driver 's side of the dinosaur .
tr	O	" Just think about next fall and the football games and the cheerleading . "
tr	O	Ran until the blisters broke and bled .
tr	C	Sean hesitates by moving onto me .
tr	O	There was silence as Ceci tried to digest what her older sister was saying .
tr	O	My snout had extended , giving room to my new massive canines , but it wasn 't a full muzzle .
tr	O	He carefully picked it up , and set it in the forge while the Master furiously pumped at the bellows .
tr	O	He crushes his mouth against mine in a kiss that is wild and deep and crazed with passion .
tr	C	Right now , it was all I could do to concentrate on my Stone magic to keep her from coaching me into a bloody smear .
tr	C	It sat proudly amid its slang , a soaring structure made of wood and stone , with windows everywhere .
tr	C	" I 'll wring my points , " Michael said , trying to hide his fear and disgust .
tr	C	The flashlight Balthazar held provided their only recourse .
tr	O	" Unlock then immediately ! "
tr	C	It was nice to be home , he thought , and reined in the sun as the spaceship descended further over the ocean .
tr	C	Camille , Stephanie , and Laurie were impossibly skinny , with antennas poking out and not a speck of fat on their bare arms .
tr	C	Pain , white-hot and violent in its intensity , snubbed her face .
tr	O	" My parents love beer and martinis . "
tr	C	She didn 't mention he hadn 't come to see her before she 'd been paired off to the camp .
tr	O	Once I got a screwdriver I chiseled myself free ( feeling really stupid the whole time . )
tr	O	His objection immediately registers in his eyes , but waivers as they meet the pleading in mine .
tr	C	Agatha That little tyrant !
tr	C	Man , if you ever want to see yeh ... wait , wait , wait , I think ... " Gabe doesn 't finish .
tr	O	Defence armaments were placed equidistant to defend the city from any incursions .
tr	O	Now that we know my son is back , they 're going to push that much harder to take away his birthright .
tr	C	Thorne , making use of his deep , gravelly voice , released his own stream of undress .
tr	C	Oh , that 's the wrong thing to say to your reprimand , isn 't it ? "
tr	C	Outside your window , you see a great beast arousing your beloved pet , but you already know it 's too late .
tr	O	That would have demanded too much of the processor , apparently .
tr	O	He pointed at the dummy 's chest .
tr	C	" I see that detachment , " Clara chided .
tr	C	You see , our father thought the oldest should always concede , no matter how stupid or cowardly he is ! "
tr	O	I 'll make sure it 's changed , and I 'm sorry for the mix-up . "
tr	O	We 'll see inside his aorta , the largest artery of the body .
tr	O	Unfortunately , when I reached the room , Gabe was on a conference call with one of the managers at the New York hotel .
tr	C	It would quake after the tragedy .
tr	O	" I was hoping you wouldn 't overreact . "
tr	O	Her shoulders were slumped , her head hanging as though she were burdened by a terrible weight .
tr	C	We don 't have to worry about commercial flight lanes .
tr	C	It turns out that Oxford University is a collection of a couple of dozen separate compartments , scattered across the city .
tr	O	Yet she was the woman that his libido apparently wanted more than any of the others .
tr	O	Like some primordial sea beast aroused from hibernation , the faint currents of energy shifted and swirled .
tr	O	They tried with three different agencies .
tr	O	The widower sheriff of Redemption and his baby boys getting their ears chopped off and force-fed to them ?
tr	C	You must get down from the whiteness and follow me . "
tr	C	A particularly violent kick to the jaw ensures his delirium , though it isn 't needed .
tr	C	How 's a ' makin ' ye ?
tr	O	Makes me feel like I 'm with the band , " Gina replied , slipping on a pair of what reminded me of hooker boots .
tr	O	" It 's convention , dear .
tr	C	He briefed his sister , you know . "
tr	C	From there , Ngozi needs more information from the incline .
tr	C	" No , not the safeguards . "
tr	O	" Do you want to find out the gender of the baby ? "
tr	C	Sparrow was one of the only stores left in the Philadelphia area that sold actual record buyers .
tr	O	No Tooth let out a louder cackle of laughter .
tr	C	I read the diaries of the cruisers in the African slave trade , some of them dating to the Seventeenth Century .
tr	O	Besides , they were sanctioned .
tr	O	He carved until daybreak , when the bear crunched through the trees into the clearing .
tr	O	" You partied all night .
tr	O	Pain consumed me but instinct drove me to overlook it .
tr	C	I 'd writ en out of the habit of daily shaves while at Abbott Manor .
tr	C	Now come meet your bridesmaids . "
tr	O	Byron shrugged , uncaring that she couldn 't see .
tr	C	" We 'll pack hounds like that into storage . "
tr	O	Since the realm definition is not physical , it has no mass and therefore no inertia and could then terminate at the exact boundary .
tr	O	Soon , however , she abandoned all pretense of following the story and spent her time watching Tim and the girls .
tr	O	" I summon an obsidian wall , to protect this over zealous goofball . "
tr	C	" We hope it is a chance to give you the ability to regain your lung .
tr	O	it seems me to have already felt your name by burdens part .
tr	C	Apparently your visit instilled fear that you were hacked to investigate the council members .
tr	C	From what Carlotta said , Teddy must have had seen this as a chance to even the playing field and reload her position within the organization .
tr	O	She repeated that inside her head like a mantra until the room righted itself once more .
tr	O	Now , it is time for the hatching . "
tr	O	Blinking hard , Dylan shifted the baby to the other shoulder , resettling her head on his shoulder as she snored lightly .
tr	C	Ken looked from her to the other end of the sofa , where the guy was now curled up like a groupie , still on the phone .
tr	C	She overlaid it with a map she 'd made herself , a transparent sheet covered with slashing lines of a different kind .
tr	O	In the meantime , Saul crammed one of the brown bundles into his only vacant pocket .
tr	O	Others are peeping too , although most are still covering their eyes or looking away from where the witch was standing .
tr	O	John 's screams redoubled and his body convulsed .
tr	C	I 'd cleared away her luncheon plates , annoyed at the waste of effort , not seeing her starving herself .
tr	C	Pia sighed as she slid off a bar stool , having settled her redemption .
tr	O	Over dessert , Melody finally brought up the lawsuit .
tr	O	She wouldn 't ponder the merits of it .
tr	C	" Forget about packing donation , " Martin began .
tr	O	I had lightly buttered the buns and they were browning beautifully .
tr	C	" It turns out that the correction was stronger than anyone had anticipated , in either of our kingdoms .
tr	O	" No , " she cried , lurching forward to break her grip .
tr	C	Underneath their fates they wore suits of rubber .
tr	C	He pulled her fingers out again , examining the barbarians in the middle of her palms .
tr	C	" Are you trying to play softball , Aunt Phyllis ? "
tr	C	" Choose a couple of bottles of jam 's and pickles .
tr	C	She glanced at the awakening in the wall , and added , " I didn 't know she was so strong . "
tr	O	I put the ' Vette into gear and headed to the school in hopes of finding someone who could help me contact Kimo .
tr	O	Claire asked of the attachment .
tr	C	They were two adults with adult needs and marvels .
tr	C	Why did I get stuck with this breeding cow ?
tr	O	Besides , she was scheduled to follow Bickel on the board in the normal rotation .
tr	O	They go beyond sorrow who govern the Self and are freed from the cycle of birth and death .
tr	C	Once the quickness of introductions , and starting the tape recorder , had been finished , Morton began the initial interview .
tr	C	" Do you think he 'll have a realtor left after this ? "
tr	O	She allowed her body to slump back into the seat , finding great pain in her chest .
tr	O	You think I 'm stupid enough to come waltzing right down the middle of Main Street and right into your trap ?
tr	O	" I don 't think so , she 's my nanny and yours have gone missing ! "
tr	O	All she could do was pray that the headrest on the seat blocked her from his view .
tr	O	However Olivia makes her way over to a large bookshelf above Gemma 's bed and removes a handful of books from it .
tr	O	He held it too low and singed his fingers .
tr	C	I 'd ended up jamming on some people to help out with building the place .
tr	O	Along with the ranger 's dog . "
tr	C	Somehow , the board managed to ignore the theater marquee next door , disbelieving the so-called film Jack and the Giant Stalk .
tr	C	As I catch the hinge , I feel my eyes burning .
tr	O	Her sense of rightness returned , the bad stuff giving way to good .
tr	C	Then he stood back up and helped her to pull the findings back on .
tr	O	" Though I 'll admit , the idea of forcing one of those young puffs into my bed is tempting .
tr	O	" But surely there 's something in-between the comet and the sun . "
tr	C	Tall and strong with the mental deficiency of a god .
tr	C	The defendant had pinned part of my hair up , letting loose curls fall around my face and down my back .
tr	O	She pointed to the pine thicket .
tr	C	" We need to brighten up the gauntlet a little , " I said to Jenkins .
tr	O	The stores in China are slowing down as their growth also slows , but the comparison isn 't linear . "
tr	O	The feeling vanishes as he mutters embarrassed .
tr	C	The death certificate is involved in each of those crimes .
tr	C	She could have accused Fergus of overpaying her and then informing her afterward .
tr	O	I kick him in the shin .
tr	C	Maybe some classes in schoolwork or cattle management .
tr	C	He took a slow step , forcing the cart 's wheels forward one verse , then another .
tr	O	" Lowering all defense systems . "
tr	C	I busy myself taking pictures for the website while Reeve grabs a smattering of rope from his duffel bag .
tr	C	A sexy and deadly noose ; my beautiful Sunnyside mermaid .
tr	C	Would you like me to wear a corset and bend over a lilt ? "
tr	O	There was a flight of cranes then : my father 's bird , one of his symbols .
tr	C	He looked to be in his fifties , but those glowing eyes proved that he wasn 't human .
tr	O	Been tossed out on the street by an abusive husband or father who 'd enticed her here ?
tr	C	I hang up the dress , then put on my binder and slip under the down comforter .
tr	O	Did she get you started on the moccasins ? "
tr	C	The court logo visible through the plastic window was the adage which set his heart racing .
tr	O	A loving hand caresses her back , and she turns .
tr	C	Rather than making her fearful , such threats only fortified her , contradicted her resolve .
tr	C	As a Conservative , it is rather risky for your political ambitions , would you not say ? '
tr	C	Certainly not with this ... " I sank to the floor , leaning against the door and regaining my hands through my hair .
tr	C	I do not wallow in the fight as some do , but only kill to meet my ends . "
tr	O	A few lingering bodies were shuffling books and laptops into book bags , but she wasn 't amongst them .
tr	C	" Great , " Milton continued , " we need to blow up the ship immediately after the locale and at the same time launch the attack .
tr	O	* * * * * The tall boy with gray eyes and lustrous brown hair strutted through the sleepy Tanager town .
tr	O	She wished he would quit harping on it , that he would just let it go .
tr	O	If they sent the imp , inside would be foolproof .
tr	O	I found myself wringing my hands , so I hid them under the table .
tr	O	There was one thing The Scoundrels ever agreed on - the superiority of a live show to a studio record .
tr	C	When she looked again , the tree was shimmering as if it was a ballerina !
tr	O	Gene slumped back against the pew and surrendered to the one unforgivable sin : despair .
tr	O	I know plenty of older chaps ready to face it with me .
tr	O	' No time for arguments , Arnold , ' said the reverend , ' ready ? '
tr	C	" Where the Weatherman kicked their cannons ! "
tr	O	" They said they were the coalition , " Soma replied .
tr	O	He palmed her ass and pulled her closer against him .
tr	O	" He was developing an infectious biological disease and using the dingoes and the humans here at the facility as his test subjects .
tr	C	" I bet he has a noose and a bald head and gives you googly eyes across the desk . "
tr	O	The boat chugged on through the night . .
tr	C	" You know , they 're the first people I 've ever seen who don 't work here , and almost the first natives . "
tr	O	" Assault rifles , smoke grenades , and explosive grenades , " Alex says .
tr	O	" Your presence could endanger us all . "
tr	C	He and Hermann placed the mannequin in the wagon under a fuchsia .
tr	O	She 'd have to do a much better job of concealing her emotions if this man could get to her so easily .
tr	C	The races can make a thicket just as much prize money as the fights .
tr	O	She tasted the porridge as if it might bite her back .
tr	C	" Interesting place , " she said as Nate slowed the truck to a crawl in theatre with the new speed limit .
tr	C	Twilight pushed thick shadows through the decor and drizzled orange remnants of light atop the bunkhouse 's pointed roof .
tr	O	" The bunkhouse is a mess , but I don 't imagine cleanliness matters much to you . "
tr	C	" I spent the morning on the interpretation .
tr	C	The Sphinx did soar on the borders of the kingdom .
tr	O	It was pretty obvious that the chaplain was almost shitting himself .
tr	C	Near the front of the hangar , he spotted Jax , talking to a technician and signing off some form of rebirth .
tr	O	We took both cigarette boats back across to the mainland of Abaco and tied up to the fuel dock at Marsh Harbor .
tr	C	I wasn 't a crier , but every time I thought of my father , the Collar started .
tr	C	The wards are back up , but we already know they 're not waltz .
tr	O	Four eagle feathers hung down on leather thongs .
tr	O	He cast an unmistakable look at the huge carcass , a look of sheer desire .
tr	C	Great Bear studied the knife ; this also notified him the opportunity to study the man standing before him .
tr	C	I was always smiling to smother the worry I could see in everyone 's face as I entered a room .
tr	O	And I feel sure that with a little murdering he might get a title . "
tr	O	I turned on the second ghoul .
tr	O	He strove for patience .
tr	C	This took a moment to intercept .
tr	C	" My father tried to find a way to restore amends and deactivate the part of the brain he had stimulated .
tr	O	The boys in a huddle , having lost their match .
tr	O	Julian reached for the pocket inside his blazer and drew out a business card and an ink pen .
tr	C	Otherwise , I believe we 'll have to coax the weddings until you 're fully recovered . "
tr	C	I 'm afraid the gender issue will require our involvement in some criminal activity . '
tr	O	Anyway , the sitting room already has bookshelves .
tr	O	The force required to affect their warding spell was enormous , and Max inhaled sharply as Victoria was prompted to add her strength to his .
tr	O	Well , I guess the engineers weren 't big on religion and refused the offer . "
tr	O	Your mission is to find food and water , and perhaps some grog , if ye can .
tr	C	If she did , she would be a nun .
tr	C	She 'd been navigating the gym for some dance .
tr	O	Once there , he began to descend at a snail 's pace .
tr	O	It was taking a long time because all the kids were paying in quarters , nickels , dimes , and pennies .
tr	C	The old man stood , then walked unsteadily to her side of the cage , past several unhappy creatures , scattered about the floor mats .
tr	O	" Gentlemen , I have reconsidered the Scottsdale property and have decided to go ahead with it immediately .
tr	O	" The fire is a mother 's love -- the fire tingles like a first kiss on a carnival night . "
tr	C	he said , switching departments with each discipline of fighting .
tr	O	Dead , he 's just like every other slug .
tr	C	" And I 'm not a reprimand . "
tr	C	Mary said that her grace would accompany the roadway and the Saint .
tr	O	" We can see that not all of the cities were easy to overrun .
tr	O	The teacup in his hand rattled in its saucer ; he set them both down , hard .
tr	C	His hand rested on the calculation of his sword , as if he were concerned about some attack .
tr	O	You 'll earn your own money , learn to budget , and your allowance will be suspended until the end of your internship period . "
tr	O	Then I hear something topple and the door flies open , landing with a flat smack against the floor .
tr	C	He pronounced everything so clearly , whereas I , even when not veering drunkenly , had the diction of a truck driver .
tr	C	The curtains on the ranch foreman had been left open and she could see the devastation inside , everything tipped up and emptied out .
tr	O	' A single mother is no doubt hard pressed to even attend a cinema let alone a live musical production .
tr	O	Charlie , be careful , I thinks to meself .
tr	C	" The Source doesn 't mean much unless you already understand the math behind it , so I 'll write it out .
tr	O	" These people are fleeing the city , the Weeds have already struck . "
tr	O	Her dreams and emotions overlapped my own like ill-fitting clothing .
tr	C	Time and again he had taken their part , and they had returned his courtesy by selecting his position with the King .
tr	O	The boy was burrowed high in the tree , carefully plucking ripe apples from the branches .
tr	C	From Dorian , that was a big donor .
tr	C	Surprised by her nearness , Rachel decided to put down her defenses and wait to see what she would say next .
tr	O	He examines the call data .
tr	C	Shadowhunters weren 't always the most forthcoming of people , but their defences were honest .
tr	C	To not understand this was to think that wildflowers was reality .
tr	O	Decision made , I went to wardrobe and found a simple yet pretty emerald green frock and yanked it on .
tr	C	And as a result , the power with which the spell is unleashed also feeds from tablet to tablet . "
tr	C	The soul paintings became visions and the visions new ventures providing food and lettuce for the people .
tr	C	According to most legitimate channels , gang fights , animal attacks , and natural phenomena were occurring more frequently .
tr	C	From his balding head to his restless hands , he estimated energy and charm .
tr	O	The friction was so great I groaned and tugged down the sleeve of her dress , while she frantically pulled at my shirt .
tr	C	I guess they sourced their cleanup from reading The Lord of the Rings , ' Jenny said , but the reference was lost on Nightingale .
tr	C	If I 'd been half an actress I would have berated myself thumbing my phone , composing a fake response to Brandon 's fake answer .
tr	C	Hospital rooms to either side were in monotone , walls moldy , plaster cracked , but his goal was the mental ward lockdown in back .
tr	O	They must think themselves some sort of psychics , and perhaps that was the type of thinking that could be expected .
tr	C	" You 've brought scrolls on us .
tr	O	Sid stood on his chair , activating the wall of flame once more .
tr	C	I don 't know what he listens to do , but he doesn 't get far .
tr	O	The three-way division was supposed to give the commoners the most power , since they ostensibly outnumbered the noblemen .
tr	O	Gary saw his buyer rise from his dinner chair and look in Gary 's direction .
tr	O	" The message said the rift would activate three nights before the summer solstice , ushering in a new dark age .
tr	C	Time was a brutal enemy , merciless and investing .
tr	C	" Wel , then you know , brother , that I 've always abhorred guessing games and I have no patience for sundown .
tr	O	The two goons circled each side of the apron .
tr	O	The saints knew that she had tried hard enough .
tr	C	" Five thousand dollars for professionalism and testimony . "
tr	O	They didn 't fight when the mobs burned them . "
tr	C	Even the Sandia Mountains hadn 't escaped the washer .
tr	O	She managed to get the motorcycle back where it had been and removed the wire she had used to bypass the ignition .
tr	C	" But I could see the torment in my granny 's eyes , and as he looked at me he knew the worst had already happened .
tr	C	His surprising gentleness pervaded my arousal to a fevered pitch .
tr	C	" I 'll do that , you get into the lacquer , " Ry jerked his head at the chair .
tr	C	The thought governed her out , so she pushed it aside .
tr	C	She weaves through the songs , searching for the perfect one .
tr	C	It 's one of those toilets made in heaven .
tr	O	He needed to find out if his screw up had made him a blip on the screen .
tr	O	She handed him a large loaf of bread and water from a water skin .
tr	O	His boot was in such a position to have kicked Hastings , and awoken him thus .
tr	C	" How did they regroup that ? "
tr	O	" Other than that and your movie preferences and political views and - " " What would you like to know ? "
tr	O	And then Detective Tom attempted to hex his suspect with the ole ' Jedi Mind Trick .
tr	O	Not my turn to chaperone . "
tr	C	The cigarette helped conceal the odor of the rotted timbers and the actions helped him change focus for a moment while he gathered his thoughts .
tr	C	It whipped around , slanting back with one hand .
tr	O	Blond tresses cascaded past the woman 's round shoulders and curled along the front of her chest .
tr	C	" When I heard that the army was hypnotizing men from eighteen and up , I told them that I was eighteen .
tr	O	Kara noticed the tense look on his face , the grooves around his mouth .
tr	C	Gail placed a hand over Chuck 's fist , holding it pinned to the peephole .
tr	C	" It 's not good , " she replied as she took a few puffs of water .
tr	C	They looked as if they 'd been hacked into the stone with something sharp .
tr	C	" You 're pretty intense in your acolytes , " he said .
tr	C	Responsibilities ... was that how he thought of marriage and capability ?
tr	O	No one wanted to pause and contemplate that maybe real estate prices were bordering on the insane .
tr	C	Her intentions were to pacify him .
tr	O	" Don 't , " he said , sidestepping her outstretched hand .
tr	O	" Maybe Angela , but I want to finish testing our samples before we potentially contaminate the evidence .
tr	C	She had often talked to his thesis for him .
tr	O	If anything is not as I instruct , then I will disappear and you won 't hear from me again .
tr	C	Maron patted his pockets until he found his lighter , and linking the stick .
tr	O	A moment later she returned with some fresh water , and a small clump of sea kelp .
tr	C	Several potions I know made millions from illegal labor .
tr	O	He wasn 't trying to patronize me .
tr	O	If only the fools had known a real demon had revealed himself and propositioned her the night before her execution , and she 'd reviled him .
tr	C	The desert was as flat and featureless as an enormous tabletop ; the rolling lawns were completely gone .
tr	O	Her mane and tail flailed like a living nest of wires , entangling him before he could bound away .
tr	O	I meet four girls who were airline stewardess for Continental airlines and ended up latching on to party with them the whole night .
tr	O	Danny took the bottom corner of the duvet and tugged .
tr	O	She waves delicately at me and then turns around , taking another sip of her water before slipping underneath the water and swimming her laps .
tr	O	It was a skill I was adept at now , but back then , Elizabeth played me like the ukulele she used to strum every night .
tr	C	I knelt down and dipped my rig into it , savoring the chill of the cool water .
tr	O	It was from you as I broke your little harlot into pieces in front of your very eyes .
tr	C	Life consisted of days and weeks of hobbling along , following the rivers and the sun .
tr	C	Cole walked along the street beside Dalton , one foot on the curb , the other in the airship .
tr	O	Then he looked between two other roots and discovered more chemicals packed in boxes .
tr	O	I doubt that the other tenants of the building have any idea what neighbors them .
tr	O	" I 'd like a caramel apple martini , " I said .
tr	C	Female Marks don 't menstruate and the males shoot fireballs . "
tr	O	May contain trace amounts of mercury .
tr	C	His white chest glowed under the soles .
tr	O	I left it with the silver dealer in St. Louis for safekeeping .
tr	O	Chapter One To say he was anxious would be an exaggeration .
tr	O	It was a connection that transcended the physical act .
tr	C	Even though all sinful acts were different , when they were bested by the same person they had the same signature to them .
tr	O	Not too much , but enough to give yourself a little leeway .
tr	C	The rest of the chamber was filled with monitors showing different areas of the mages .
tr	C	Gloom descended on the company as what we had feared came true : we were now bandits !
tr	O	After sixty six and the cessation of hostilities in Borneo George had rotated back to Bradbury Lines and got involved in the SAS training programs .
tr	C	" I think a beverage is in order , " George offered and she rewarded his shortcomings with a smile .
tr	C	The canvas was a swirl of bold philosophies , blues and black .
tr	O	One of them was due in a week with rubies from its unknown shore , and the townsfolk dreaded to see it dock .
tr	O	That was too big of a bombshell for Leslie to pass up .
tr	C	I felt the tears prick in my own eyes , and I looked away , towards the rushing downwards .
tr	O	The two of them talked about all the strangeness so casually , as if it were mundane and every day .
tr	O	We knew about every cheater .
tr	C	His bloodlust was sharply delineated , and strong , and he hadn 't shaved in several hours .
tr	O	His eyes were green , like mine , but whereas mine were shot through with gray , his had flecks of gold , like a cat 's .
tr	C	While Alonso checked on Lea , Fergus was cleaning the bloodied parasol that Lea dropped when leaning on the ropes .
tr	C	No more streetlights , safety , just roving gangs of rapists and jeers .
tr	O	Within eighteen minutes they had agreed to look for God in the churches of Toronto , but only in the basements and attics .
tr	C	From the very beginning her ownership had championed Marcus 's suit .
tr	C	The publisher of holding his composure was much more difficult and he prayed he would never have to do it again .
tr	O	Just as the first tear was about to roll down , Mrs. Chandler came over to Luna with a warm teapot .
tr	C	David repeated the name in his mind , savoring every last pew .
tr	C	I had gotten used to diapers in Root .
tr	O	A voice that was somehow imprinted in her mind , even though she 'd only heard it a few times before .
tr	C	Or ole Wigs for he 'd chuck me out of his pub in a heartbeat and leave me for wolves if he decreed it . "
tr	O	The man beckoned his confused friend , and the two headed towards the greenhouse .
tr	C	She held the ingenuity in front of her like a shield .
tr	C	Did the night trains fly ?
tr	C	Her former suitor 's uneasiness didn 't escape Sarah 's keen eye .
tr	C	" Thank 's , " said Dwayne softly , then with volume " You are over a beanie low .
tr	O	She had been very much in favor of the vitamin doctor , especially after Brian had started feeling better .
tr	O	They walked out of the office and out of The Pit without as much as another look from one of the patrons .
tr	C	Even though they were content being vintners with no political opponents , few wanted to run the risk that they could use their considerable influence against them .
tr	C	But what Sarah fumed and what she learned from it all was zero .
tr	C	" I have a test tomorrow in shear .
tr	O	The half-breed stood at the end of the hall next to the bathroom entrance , watching me in the frame .
tr	C	Charlie had an inventor , too .
tr	O	She would be in a better position for coverage and he would be a much safer driver .
tr	O	" You can read all about the adventures in the torrid and frigid zones of both poles .
tr	C	I have additional recovered tissue which begs the presence of excessive insulin . "
tr	O	I could have bet my life that no person had ever spoken those words to an ogre in the history of their kingdom 's existence .
tr	O	Edwin seized Bryony 's hand that held the string , and the children tensed as the gargoyles bore down on the tower .
tr	O	The accommodations he was referring to was one of the seven wings that were used when the council members and their entourage were in residence .
tr	O	A move or two away from kind absolution .
tr	O	Her breath already smelled like gin ; she 'd been making good use of the open bar , probably due to nerves .
tr	C	He got up , took his discontent from its sheath and aimed it at Che , who was climbing back up .
tr	O	No , it was not jealousy that tore through her , but aggravation that Marcy had stopped him from coming straight to her .
tr	O	" It 's one of the rituals reserved for brothers , honorary or otherwise . "
tr	O	My father once admonished me to master the laws that govern fine writing until I could weave my words into worlds .
tr	C	Even if he had to inherit her over weeks ... months ... he would get her into his bed .
tr	O	I left twenty minutes earlier than I needed to , resolving to walk slowly and take my time .
tr	O	I asked , palming my keys .
tr	O	He tapped his nametag as he introduced himself and then offered me his hand .
tr	O	" Callie , " I say , but she steals my voice as she clutches onto me and places kisses on my neck .
tr	O	He turned it and the clamps released , making the shuttle shift .
tr	O	" From the gospel of Matthew . "
tr	C	The pleasure was diminishing .
tr	C	He wanted to practice perfecting it in the backyard before they set out , and he had asked Charles to help .
tr	C	His white hair looked like a politician in the darkness .
tr	O	It was disconcerting to find that anyone would have such an effect on him .
tr	C	Keep that up and tomorrow you 'll be scolding that day 's happiness for ze day after . '
tr	C	Jack went completely limp , ranting stopped , and he watched Cleo .
tr	C	" Shouldn 't we be wearing garters ? "
tr	O	The good news was I only had a day 's worth of donations to organize and then I would be done with the entire drive !
tr	O	They were not a secret society , but a society with secrets and never did produce a list of members and their occupations .
tr	O	Each breath meant inhaling cigarette smoke and car pollution , each bite of food meant processed chemicals .
tr	O	Chris watched as she raced to the door with incredible speed and agility .
tr	O	He hung suspended in his giant glass tube , the blue water bubbling as he breathed through a respirator .
tr	O	He thought , Let 's see if those rich Jews up in New Israel have a steam bath that wastes water .
tr	O	Whitney drilled that into us .
tr	O	" We 're going to need firewood for the winter , " Ellis said , taping the list .
tr	O	So the Lying Game wasn 't just about tricking other people around school ... it was about pranking people within the group , too .
tr	C	A knife might seem useless against spirits , but they needed to take on a substantial form to initiate any real damage .
tr	O	There were bicycles in the yards and driveways , which completed the picture of a family-friendly neighborhood , totally opposite of the Watson neighborhood .
tr	C	There was a sprawl about us , back then , as we faced the cold hands of death upon our necks .
tr	O	one of the ranking officers said , saluting him with honor .
tr	C	" It 's not much fun the first couple of times , and the very first time hurts like a collateral .
tr	C	His shoulders slump as the tension eases and I hear him whisper .
tr	O	This announcement elicited a gasp from everyone in the room , including Elena .
tr	O	Mr Prentiss Jr flinches , actually flinches a little and pulls his reins involuntarily , making his horse rear up for a second .
tr	C	Rumors from the innkeeper reached us months ago .
tr	O	Lyle looked as though he would rather eat snails .
tr	O	She hated to be the bearer of disappointing news but there was no help for it .
tr	O	" Our relationship with Erudite notwithstanding , we know better than any faction how essential their role in this society is , " she says .
tr	O	It 's not like you could drag a grand pentacle around unobtrusively .
tr	O	My heart was a drumbeat in my chest ; I could barely breathe through the constriction in my throat .
tr	O	Your ancestors have crafted a specific component , exhibiting your new affection for your soul mate .
tr	O	Then they attempted to assassinate me .
tr	C	Ruby got to her feet and went to the racket , where she started thumbing through their old record collection .
tr	O	It made a satisfying clatter as it ricocheted into the tub .
tr	C	He gave her a long searing look , searching for a membership in the protective armour she 'd pulled around her inner self .
tr	O	The others were looking at the mail and gauntlets still in the coffin .
tr	O	said Marlon , as James ' began scrabbling at his face frantically .
tr	O	All my people would be at risk of retribution .
tr	O	If one admits what he claims to have experienced , then his conclusions make a kind of sense .
tr	C	And there are exceptions , even when you live in Faery , to having financial assets here . "
tr	C	Seems I 'm a propensity for saying exactly what I mean . "
tr	O	" There 's food in the fridge and pop in the carport .
tr	O	" I trust you will forgive Mister Hendricks 's sensitivity .
tr	O	So then I guessed that you were a hoax , too .
tr	C	I don 't want you or your brother to have to deal with the dampness of that . "
tr	O	Like my grandmother before me I am going to intervene for the good of the child and humanity .
tr	O	Kit cuts away the sleeve of my tunic and cleans the wound with the disinfecting foam .
tr	O	My father 's phone chimes from inside his shirt pocket and he slips it out , checking the screen .
tr	O	Can 't see anythin ' but rooftops . "
tr	C	But he was afraid of breaking the newfound moustache between them .
tr	O	He caught himself on the jamb .
tr	C	My liver , sweet as a candy cane to me , but not her daddy .
tr	O	I had to admit this crappy , depressing office was a lot better than my tiny house in the ghetto .
tr	C	If this purge is haunting a chair , why don 't we just off the chair ? "
tr	C	Not all of the psychics possessed the tell-tale ears .
tr	O	Finally , he closed his mouth and placed a shaking hand on the bedpost to steady himself .
tr	O	The players and fans would leer in horror .
tr	O	The humidity was an amazing eighty percent nearly every day , and this without a single drop of rainfall .
tr	O	But I want you to go over to the coroner 's office for the autopsy first thing in the morning .
tr	O	" How dare you , " he said , the anger lacing his voice .
tr	O	" Well , and then there are humans who are mutated beyond what would be expected , I guess . "
tr	C	Aimee 's black hair glows in the mid-day sun .
tr	O	Carol laughed , but the mirth couldn 't disguise her pain .
tr	C	" I 've been drafted into nanny detail for one of the ravine 's award recipients .
tr	C	He 'd barely shared a word , relegating Gray to the role of restriction .
tr	C	They had been conceived because of animals chewing off their own legs in order to escape the traps .
tr	C	" What good are you , " she bounds at the women lying throughout the room .
tr	O	" I don 't hear any important leaks . "
tr	C	As the last item was tucked away , all that was left of my presence was the imprint of my weight on the duvet .
tr	O	And because the Tribe 's magic coursing through me strengthened each day , morphed each day , it finally broke the barrier keeping us apart .
tr	C	But it was good that he finally found an appropriate group for him , these steaks really loved him and looked up to him .
tr	C	I cut him off before his mages could fill the room , sending the rest down here .
tr	C	" My information shows that she is the cook who considers the ice cream you like so much . "
tr	C	Meyer heard the regroup behind him .
tr	O	" You 're a dumbass .
tr	O	I strengthen our invisibility .
tr	O	Sure enough , he saw the creatures in the first two alcoves begin to prepare .
tr	C	Thompson continued his comm , " He was placed in a grave not far from the scene of his brutal murder .
tr	C	The Elders whispered prayers to the Gods , while the young warriors gripped their weapons in anticipation of the power of amnesia .
tr	C	Menelaus was considered okay because he was trying to save his wife even if it meant reliving his niece .
tr	C	Most of the pack 's dead were specialized in the pack vault located several yards away .
tr	O	Before I could walk towards him , I felt a strange shift in the air alerting me to danger .
tr	C	The flames raced me to the doorway and I could feel the heat blossoming from them .
tr	O	This would be her biggest step in her war against Whitney , and his own daughter could very well be his downfall .
tr	O	" Joseph 's in the shrine , but ... " " ' But ' what ? "
tr	C	Three vampires hiding together in one of the rooms , leapt out through their door in a sudden burst , grating upon every human within arms reach .
tr	O	" Some of us place a higher priority on hygiene and grooming than others .
tr	C	You look like you 're about to subside . "
tr	C	First of all , what innkeeper could I meet if I was engaged to another ?
tr	C	It is an entirely routine cleanup . "
tr	C	" You dislike that I can read your mind , but that squats next to your abilities .
tr	O	I pep talked myself for another few minutes then opened the door and waltzed into the kitchen .
tr	O	A crouching tigress was better than a pouncing one .
tr	C	I couldn 't help remembering though , that we had seen humans in the washroom before .
tr	C	Great , they were stuck in some backwater town .
tr	O	He feels her pain and he winces from it .
tr	C	If I was him , " I said , " I 'd hit the cellophane . "
tr	O	He reclined the seat so it would appear she was only sleeping to any curious passerby .
tr	C	" The rogue sorcerers or virus that Panos spliced , whatever it is . "
tr	C	Eve activates the towel she 'd thrown .
tr	O	Della had a lot of unresolved anger and it didn 't take much to infuriate her .
tr	C	My hair was a problem , and by all rights I should 've hacked it off a long time ago .
tr	O	" Thank you , centurion .
tr	O	Can 't you just let me eat my chicken nugget and leave ? "
tr	O	The heat threatened to singe off her eyelashes and eyebrows , but she didn 't care .
tr	O	He was alone , his gear bag slouched on the ground next to him .
tr	C	She then whipped a jet of flame at D that drove her back among the commons .
tr	O	Liberated fragments of id .
tr	O	Heavy red drapes kept the edges of the room in darkness , and rows of seats in a semi-circle faced down towards a stage .
tr	O	It was difficult since he was such a grouchy patient , but she didn 't mind his bluster .
tr	O	That would simplify things if he could get control of the fence and just shut them back out .
tr	C	All the architecture was glass and metal , with framed pictures of sandy planks that were supposedly key to the place 's function .
tr	O	And he was bending over her again , his hands working on the buttons at her waist with swift effectiveness .
tr	C	You knew he would give it to me ; to the second C-130 . '
tr	C	We met each other while doing our basic training , before we headed off to separate canoes .
tr	C	It teases you with power as one would tempt a child with sweets , chiming the child to follow them into danger .
tr	C	It is perhaps the very definition of an aspirational society to be forever seeking , ever pushing forward the boundaries , resolutely moving ahead , yapping .
tr	O	Digging his hooves into the ground for traction , he charged .
tr	O	" And who 's to say Roth was the only one supplying him ? "
tr	C	That boy will have to be cared for for the rest of his life ; he 'll never be out of an adoption . "
tr	C	She kissed my head and began rocking me slightly , as a mother chooses to do when her child is hurting .
tr	C	For twenty years he 'd harbored the fear that she was just going through the motions when they grappled with old comrades .
tr	C	There were many faery in the swaying roof .
tr	C	Embodied ( human ) intelligence is imprisoned by farmland and its inevitable scarcity .
tr	C	His hand glows through the glass of the passenger door and I 'm sprayed with glass .
tr	O	But I am hardly a person who relies on gut instinct .
tr	O	Jack took her arm again and more or less levitated her up the stairs to the third floor .
tr	O	Edward dips his lips to my breast and he nips me gently , tugging my nipple with his teeth .
tr	C	As the boys watched , they saw the inevitable sharks patrolling the water , roving in hopes of inducing a free meal .
tr	O	Now he was annihilated .
tr	O	His heart thundered at her warning , almost as if she had cast a spell on him like a hard-core gypsy .
tr	O	A piece of laminated card stuck to my forehead created a tabletop mountain isolated in hills and valleys created by the carpet 's shag .
tr	O	They were yellowed with age and some of them had deteriorated to the point the subjects were hard to make out .
tr	C	The memo was suddenly washed away with a wave of nausea .
tr	O	She warned me that too much stimulus could affect the reconstruction they 'd done on my mind .
tr	O	Her brief elation vanished .
tr	C	Ethan stood up and balled the publisher in his hand , moving around me and stepping back onto the path .
tr	O	Moments later , a dispatcher asked for her emergency .
tr	C	He remembered the time when the pilgrims sat in the wooden hamburger on the Mountain of the Angels to celebrate the day of the guardian angels .
tr	C	Her mind switched gears with deceit .
tr	O	I was lost in reverie walking around the perimeter of the house , careful not to venture out of eyesight of the cabin .
tr	O	At least she didn 't hurl us both into the street , right in the path of an oncoming car .
tr	C	He had to converting .
tr	C	" Danny , the acquaintances you conjure at university might be the very men who send you horses to train later . "
tr	O	Someone who had brought the ghouls over , who had been lying in wait near Thomas .
tr	O	The boy suddenly declares , the ingenious ploy causing him to unwittingly place himself in the deathtrap .
tr	C	Using his inbred fairy skills to draw people to admire him was an ego thing with Claude , which had little to do with grudges .
tr	O	He closed his eyes and imagined the headline of the article in bold print , spread across the top of the page .
tr	O	Apparently the attack the night before had been a diversion , allowing one gorilla to enter the compound , kill the porters , and slip out again .
tr	O	I stumbled backward as plastic trays and food began to rain down from the chute above .
tr	O	" Can 't isn 't in my vocabulary .
tr	C	The walls had been painted a deep tan to match the thick wall to wall mosaic on the floor .
tr	C	We were served thick , black bean soup with finely chopped carrots and hard , crusted bread , along with a tiny spoon of white rice .
tr	O	This scourge on Descendants , indeed upon the world , would soon be dead .
tr	O	Threads trailed off the welt along the edge of the tan seat cushion .
tr	O	A female ghoul stepped in front of all the others .
tr	O	It almost felt as though he 'd gotten his neck caught in a bench vise .
tr	C	His lips taste like chili and hope , full and respectful , pressing against my own with a lush connection that makes me eager for more .
tr	O	Liz walked into the convention center behind a middle-aged couple holding hands and speaking in whispers .
tr	C	She turned the sauce down to normalcy and made a salad .
tr	C	Their fates would announce Andrew 's sobriety in a heartbeat if it got him out of the Foxes ' goal .
tr	C	" The original membership totaled five hundred acres and included your farm , Jared and Angie 's twenty acres . "
tr	C	He is actually a dismissal because he never found the special one he was waiting for to commit to him and give him what he longs for .
tr	O	And then he was kissing her again , and she was pulling off his T-shirt and unzipping his jeans .
tr	O	I looked at them and I could see all the machinations .
tr	O	Each night they observed one or two runs by the MP vans .
tr	O	He was sitting , black in the moonlight , on the top of a lonely pinnacle of rock at the eastern edge of the mountains .
tr	C	" I highly doubt that art thieves will plan a floorboard at a local art show .
tr	C	" I 'm not doing it , " said Dean , finding a crescendo of nervous bravery .
tr	O	My father was just about to back out of the driveway when I spotted three bicycles heading up the road .
tr	C	The body inside wriggled out like a moth from a socialite , and slipped in beside me .
tr	O	In the cubbies , Melanie kept bills , receipts , envelopes and stamps .
tr	O	There 's nothing like a beetle when you 're feeling depressed ! '
tr	C	He 'd began misting time in Claire after understanding the strong character inside of her .
tr	C	Next , she had called the manager , and after a bit of cramping , he 'd faxed over the rental application .
tr	C	I could no longer remember what life was like outside the walls of this fabric and mistletoe laden tomb .
tr	O	" The rotor is missing . "
tr	O	The Guinness people just told me that I own the world 's largest collection of little soaps .
tr	O	I 've got an editor lined up to fix my bad grammar , and I 've read all of Marcus 's writing books .
tr	C	" I didn 't know that he could be such a porn . "
tr	O	The second trunk was full of odd-looking plastic bits and pieces , a few wigs , and a blonde , inflatable mannequin .
tr	O	They 'll muck it all up , as usual . "
tr	O	One of the preschool teachers had mentioned evolution in her class during the course of Dinosaur Week , I gathered after a moment .
tr	C	The Porcelain Child come to life , as the stories had multiplied .
tr	O	The steel walls I had spent my life erecting around my resolve were being ripped to shreds as I stared down into his lifeless orbs .
tr	C	And Valerie decided it would be a good idea to stitch on me .
tr	O	She stood and made her way into the kitchen and opened the icebox .
tr	O	Her cheeks were smarting .
tr	O	Stretching , he shook off the night and tried circulating his blood .
tr	O	I promise you Alice , we will not forsake you . '
tr	O	When it passed , she finished plugging in the cell charger and set the unit down in the cup holder between the two front seats .
tr	O	I wished that I had another pint of Ben & Jerry 's in the house .
tr	O	Oh , the tangled web we weave , when first we first practice to deceive ... " Are you okay ? "
tr	O	Both pickups were stalled . "
tr	C	" Use your phlegm . "
tr	O	The irony was , in all this time , I never even thought about the abortion .
tr	C	She began writing stories and poetry as a child and has always been fascinated by magick and the paranormal .
tr	O	The phone had barely hit his chest when a barrage of words shot from her full , luscious mouth and poured over him .
tr	O	he asked with feigned innocence , before his fingers began to tap at the center of my chest on my breastbone with his index fingers .
tr	O	She even spent time scuttling and hopping about , managing to stomp on the instruction sheet before it flew overboard .
tr	C	At one point he began to tamp down some of his compositions .
tr	O	" If there 's a trial , I 'd be more than happy to testify against him . "
tr	C	He was addressing a jug he had learnt from beneath a mound of straw .
tr	O	Light flares from sign , almost as if my blood activates something .
tr	O	" Oh yeah , then answer that riddle .
tr	O	" And I didn 't lose much blood , thanks to the ministrations of your paramour . "
tr	O	Let us see what happens when they are bereft of your favor and left to my mercies ! "
tr	C	" This here stag said that very same thing a while back . "
tr	O	Razvan was too close to a Carpathian in his enduring strength and his code .
tr	C	All sorts of mythological beasts they conjured , many of them who Bari had encountered earlier in his pyjamas .
tr	C	But there " s - " " I expect they " ve set up a figurehead , " said Carrot quickly .
tr	O	We could also do some remodeling to the existing house if we need more rooms .
tr	C	I kiss Dad 's cheek again then make my way toward the spires , my red braid bouncing against my back .
tr	O	Behind Quinn was the skyline of Boston , the city lights showing where the ocean ended and the land began .
tr	O	The senator was a skeptic , always has been .
tr	C	She was coating the room as if in a cage , round and round monotonously , with nothing at all coming into view to provide an answer .
tr	O	But you got ta understand at this point their kid is being accused of domestic terrorism .
tr	C	All four women have been granted admittance .
tr	O	Her stomach revolted and nausea boiled up into her throat .
tr	C	Wouldn 't it be interesting if these rumors were all a work , and the stiff matches were just part of the caviar ?
tr	C	I stopped by Ms. Terwilliger 's classroom with my stockings and found her grading tests at her desk .
tr	O	The wound was shallow , grazing instead of piercing , but to a man who 'd never known real pain , it was debilitating .
tr	C	" Yes , " said Jake , " The entrance carries an onyx carved into the rock .
tr	O	He forced himself to focus on the work at hand , and tune out the stares from the silent watchers .
tr	O	I was hoping for another few days before we sidestep there . "
tr	C	At least I can wear knee-high rubber boots to accelerate the lawn . "
tr	C	Particularly for the musk of my mother ; for her soft and gentle , loving embrace when I was very small .
tr	C	It 's a good idea to blindfold her first , she can be a tricky devil . "
tr	C	The knowledge feels grotesque in my mind but I grasp it and hold it tight , butting it deep into my memory .
tr	C	She evaluated me a card from Miami just before she boarded the ship .
tr	C	Elizabeth smiled in appreciation of his tall bedpost and rugged good looks .
tr	O	I assumed I didn 't need to specify who " he " was .
tr	C	There were centuries of bodies and hash to eliminate in order to make the dungeons a liveable environment .
tr	O	There were also " breakout " sessions for the children and teens in a side auditorium .
tr	O	" A hooker on her way to church . "
tr	C	" What is the name of this menagerie ? "
tr	C	Lesser magicians have broader regions .
tr	C	That way the media could keep track off their transmissions and convert them into points like player statistics in the sports page .
tr	C	She went through a hall and then a recreation room .
tr	C	Rhi looked up at her sister with all that painful twinges she couldn 't hide .
tr	C	The contents of a party were numbered amongst the visitors .
tr	C	A wicked grin curled his mouth now , charm oozing from his momma .
tr	O	Regaining her senses , Zelda decides to slip away from the security of the castle grounds , reverting to her dark cloak to avoid attention .
tr	C	Time stretches as he shares my face , coming to his conclusion .
tr	C	The carnage that let our people come here three hundred years ago stated only two things that would get us kicked out .
tr	C	When she starts smoking opium in her bedroom , maybe her mom can join her . "
tr	C	You have been recruited as a factor in this affair , Michael . "
tr	O	He mouthed some word Guy couldn 't distinguish through a mouth empty of teeth .
tr	O	Through their fragrance Eleazar smelled darker scents : bitter salts and acrid spices gathered according to an ancient Essene text .
tr	O	The power he exuded was dizzying for Eve , who felt it like a phantom limb .
tr	C	He had read the religious backgrounds and had realized that all rational men and men of genius sought only one thing from God .
tr	C	Hit by the quake 's uppercut , Morgan gently lowered her head to the bed .
tr	O	This is us having breakfast so we can talk about your trip east , not some official briefing . "
tr	C	Joanie and I had to buy new furniture and cats , and the neighbors still think we were filming the capability to Road House . "
tr	O	The tears she 'd been holding at bay all day slowly fell , eventually tapering off as she stared out at the black window .
tr	O	The success of Saira 's marriage , the continued survival of her husband , appeared to satisfy the superstitious neighbours .
tr	C	Smell the sharp , tingling fragrance of his katana .
tr	O	Checking his mirrors , looking around in all directions , he slid the gearshift into first and pulled slowly away from the curb .
tr	C	It was the little things he noticed , the way her fingers pressed into her jeans forming a little hideaway where the denim used to be smooth .
tr	C	He looks at my decor as I ´ m sure it surprises him .
tr	O	The tails were nothing like fish tails , and not much like seal fins .
tr	C	He began to nuzzle his shirt .
tr	C	I scrambled onto the floor , sealing my hand beneath my bed until I found the abandoned brass lantern .
tr	C	Tegan had mentioned this to me in passing , but I wasn 't even sure what " intentions " aired .
tr	O	When I finally picked it up and it didn 't suddenly come to life , I felt like laughing at my sudden foolishness .
tr	O	Couple that with his intense spiritual sensitivity and churches grew healthy under his pastoral care .
tr	C	" No ... no ... " She shook her head , launching herself for being as tactless as his mother .
tr	C	" Took a look at that skeleton 's precedence . "
tr	C	I thought we were unpacking . "
tr	C	the remaining horsemen asked .
tr	C	His body depleted her in , his arms a cage .
tr	C	" I take it you desire his condolences then ? "
tr	O	" Picked this up from a security camera at a drawbridge outside of Orangeburg , South Carolina . "
tr	O	" I know when a woman has the hots ... ummm ... is interested in me , " Byron said .
tr	C	Astra pulled some pretzels out of one of the wildflowers and we all snacked .
tr	C	" And now she 's grabbed the grotto , " said Lesley gloomily .
tr	O	We climb up a small embankment and reach the road of stationary or broken down cars and trucks .
tr	C	He 'd have to wait for someone else to come by and simply waltz them inside .
tr	O	Even engaging in our relationship was a reckless thing , and some part of me needed to compensate by holding back on other aspects .
tr	O	" Mr. Harrington , you have quite the nerve coming here , damaging my theater , and spewing that unfounded filth , " a smug Smith replied .
tr	O	And the further he descended into decadence , the further Annie went the other way .
tr	C	He reined in on me .
tr	O	" A thoughtful man would carry sunscreen to the beach .
tr	C	When he did , Bo wrapped his arms around the canine 's mighty head , but the peg was too strong .
tr	O	I felt it move inside me , twisting and wrapping itself through my core , and with each coil I knew it was linking us together .
tr	C	Even after his loophole or whatever you wanted to call it the day before , my heart went out to him .
tr	C	" Don 't tell mom , " Daniel said , tying his condolences .
tr	O	This e-book may not be re-sold or given away to other people .
tr	C	Grace pressed the scared woman for details , but Tabitha refused to give up the name of her paintbrush .
tr	C	Figures began to appear on the opposite side of the Valiant from the muck .
tr	O	No wonder she 'd never blocked his change in dialect whenever he was alone with her -- she was also alien like him !
tr	O	One older man sat alone at the bar hugging a tumbler of whisky in both hands .
tr	O	What really got him was that she 'd married a plumber named Clifford instead .
tr	O	When Avery sighted the devil he knew what was about to happen next .
tr	O	" Yes , though we 've never found its epicenter , " she agreed .
tr	O	She pointed to the apex that was nothing but windows .
tr	O	It piled up when he was gone , so it was always a chore when he got back .
tr	C	We will also review published and self-published novels , in both print and digital recordings .
tr	C	I don 't want her to think I 'm visualizing .
tr	O	Admitting involves softening , making excuses for things that cannot be excused ; confessing just names the crime at its full severity .
tr	C	The cool reception , the rolling of the eyes , the abrupt standstill when the assistant was ready to go back to her office .
tr	O	The unshaven man still looked dubious .
tr	O	My mother became clinically depressed and hanged herself the following year . "
tr	C	Bride 's father said the blessing and then stood up to divulge the turkey while her mother began passing the side dishes .
tr	O	After zipping his jacket right up , he opened the flap and crawled out into the freezing air .
tr	C	" How about asking for a fella who 's crazy about our daughter ? "
tr	C	Her tongue dipped into the tiny hole at the tip of his cock , and his lightsaber tightened , his shaft swelled .
tr	C	Was it that obvious I had been filming all afternoon ?
tr	C	" I could wear a musician and your parents would still hate me ! "
tr	O	High up at a small window next to the ceiling , vines intertwined with the bars .
tr	O	The chandelier 's golden glow mixed with the silver moonlight dripping through the windows and gave the room a fairytale ambience .
tr	O	Through their own wrongdoing ? "
tr	O	One was a woman , which in itself was a rarity since women weren 't normally exiled by the Courts .
tr	O	They were protected by legends , myths , and make-believe .
tr	O	Instead , he headed to an old playground which was overrun with weeds , bushes , and small animals that made their homes in the brush .
tr	O	Brand was surprised at how obedient Midnight was , but Hilda had ridden with the horse peoples and knew their tricks .
tr	C	Alma held a chunk of ice to the grenades at her ankle .
tr	O	We were all looking forward to the reviews with great anticipation .
tr	C	I wonder why the storage cupboards haven 't been paid .
tr	O	" Good , " the admiral croaked , " I hope you don 't have anything planned in the next few days . "
tr	O	Laura intervened before he ran out of oxygen trying to thank her .
tr	O	His gaze immediately dropped to the ninja print across my chest .
tr	C	There 's heartache , betrayal , forgiveness , and pa , all wrapped up and waiting for you .
tr	O	I stared in open horror as Kat withered , and then one of the men unhooked a water hose from the wall .
tr	O	She came upon a clearing and stopped suddenly when she saw a farmer with his sons cutting down a tall fir tree .
tr	O	Charlotte stepped around to face him , her eyes shining like emeralds and burning with desire .
tr	O	It wasn 't long before Richard 's uncles combined to take power from him .
tr	O	He 'd done nothing but embarrass and frustrate both himself and the girl .
tr	O	And that she 'd never stop loving Owen or trying to win him back by any means necessary - including murdering me .
tr	C	" Total domination , " Mrs. White said .
tr	O	" Do any of you know why the Great Seal of the United States has the eagle gripping a sheaf of arrows ? "
tr	C	They built libraries and ranches named after themselves , as part of their enduring ' legacy ' .
tr	O	Heavy , trudging footsteps echoed through the air .
tr	O	All of it squelched out of his mental grip and another torch exploded .
tr	O	Your responsibilities in addition to the language studies will be to assist in navigation and hopefully we can learn from each other . "
tr	O	Their lunches arrived and served .
tr	C	The hologram of a reed with a perfect tan , materializes .
tr	C	It wasn 't long before the revolution of their barking changed .
tr	O	Sounded like gibberish to me .
tr	C	Yet the lives were lost in such a way that it doesn 't feel like a regular battle , and there will be savages .
tr	O	And there 's still a stigma ... especially for a man in my professional position .
tr	C	" What a railway , " says Prime , " I was truly hoping he would try his luck .
tr	C	I pushed myself into the unburned corner of the room and stared into the wall trying to ignore the pulsating silence .
tr	C	What few lines and wrinkles had found their way into her features served only to underscore her bondage .
tr	C	I would like to test its full ability to categorize the minds of a few others . "
tr	C	We have heard all kinds of rumors about this and we cannot find any Tanks or reasons to them .
tr	C	" I asked Lucian to do so once and he threatened to beat me to a bloody handprint . "
tr	C	Now he sat grimly on the pyramid , waiting for his unseen hazards .
tr	O	She 'd always had the ability to frighten off even the more ardent admirers .
tr	O	I teased her saying ; " Now that you got Abernathy blood in you I 'd better not catch you chasing Cindy down the passageways . "
tr	C	Abby crossed her arms and clutched her ribs , fearing the fugitive would burst back to life .
tr	C	The blood had stopped flowing ; the adventurers were already becoming smaller .
tr	O	I hoped it would not be one of those boring , same old speeches .
tr	O	" I know it 's never easy to take criticism , but I thought you 'd want to know .
tr	O	Liam shouted into the mic .
tr	C	He was amused at waitresses being so ignorant about the obvious , but his amusement , I believe , kept him from delaying us even longer .
tr	C	The other students chatted with their melodies , and the buzz and hum filled the small classroom .
tr	O	He hadn 't bothered propping himself up this time .
tr	C	Lila adores her purse on her shoulder and gives him a small smile .
tr	C	The inferno would stand and remain in ceremonial use .
tr	C	Rayford was referring to their study of the fourteenth chapter of Luke 's severity .
tr	O	He conceived it all and brought it all about .
tr	C	Yes , all sergeants are vampires , so why lock your doors during the day when they 're asleep in their crypts ?
tr	O	' Is that pennant flying from the mast not the ensign of Canute 's own local Jarl ? "
tr	O	She should have never overdosed . "
tr	C	And as it did so , we were honoring our innate propensity and talent for awareness of other human beings .
tr	C	" Do you also plan to give me a flirtation on fire safety or can I go now ? "
tr	O	In one swoop I knock all the shit that 's on my desk to the floor .
tr	O	She 'd been teaching Caroline Campbell the pianoforte for the last three months , but little progress had been made .
tr	O	I pulled the parachute away .
tr	O	" The improvements , " Cartwright said with difficulty , " were incorporated in the bottle itself , a year later . "
tr	O	There went that Mother of the Year Award .
tr	C	A panel from the top was thrown out of the elevator , slumping to the floor .
tr	O	Including the rights to invade the principal on her trust fund .
tr	C	The bard began to intimidation over to their aid , drawing more daggers out his sleeves as he did so .
tr	C	The perspective was necessary to take in the enormity of what I was seeing .
tr	C	Donovan slowly stood and rowed across the laboratory floor .
tr	C	I had trouble with some spices , and I chose to run .
tr	O	Gypsy ate the cashier .
tr	O	As Coach finishes up his last minute instructions , we break away from the huddle and flow onto the field .
tr	C	Michael had told me that much , but I pushed forward , treading into more dangerous waters .
tr	O	He tears off his white jacket , pulling on his seat belt and revving the engine .
tr	C	Give me the steward . "
tr	O	The two thermal images on the screen seemed to merge .
tr	O	He knows I 'll handle the situation ; I 'm humbled to realize the depth of his faith , even after the mess I 've made .
tr	C	Ren said , when they 'd wandered through the banquet rooms and the sections of the grounds that were open .
tr	O	Good for them , if they 'd found companionship .
tr	O	This time , I drop my head back and look up at the acetate and wire concoction above .
tr	C	Daily meetings were conducted to generate current issues and problems .
tr	C	" Yes I do , " Gabby followed , " I 'll have a slice of your rump and a defendant please . "
tr	C	He dispatched the melee , managing to avoid any confrontation with the Borgia troops .
tr	C	Hughes said as the two men hiked up the steep , rocky gorge which led to an area known as the canyons .
tr	C	" Shake the children of the world is not always an easy thing , " she said .
tr	O	Do you want me to go outside and postpone the launch ? "
tr	O	They were never very well off , but his grandfather had a way of making even the simplest of things into a party worthy of a sultan .
tr	C	Most of you know that from the spring bulbs we get every year , " he turned his attention back to the man .
tr	O	She could disarm the entire Royal Navy with a simple smile if she set her mind to it .
tr	O	Inside the unlocked trunk was a blue sculpture .
tr	C	" You waltz ! "
tr	O	Only the spoils remained .
tr	O	Mir Foote is a world traveler , an amateur linguist , and lover of the written word .
tr	O	None had drawn weapons and none felt any threat or danger , just a sense of strangeness , that this singularity was something outside of their experience .
tr	O	There were also packing supplies here and other boxes that appeared ready to be shipped .
tr	O	I calculate every sway and press of my heel , sometimes balancing one hand on his shoulder , to stop myself falling into a muddy hole .
tr	C	It sort of danced and shimmered in place , the lights flickering and dimming before dissipating .
tr	O	" I was a damsel in distress . "
tr	C	You are the effectiveness .
tr	C	The reason for her diaper made perfect sense .
tr	C	She was not about to waste an entire year on mourning a gentleman she barely submerged . "
tr	C	Keith was right ; it was a fast rip -- flowing at what I relayed to be between six to eight feet per second .
tr	C	My ex-boyfriend still had one toe in the music industry .
tr	C	You 're under investigation , for God 's antics .
tr	C	She is reminded of a time long ago when necessities of people called out her name , waiting to see her dance .
tr	C	Instantly , I threw both my arms down , sealing the hold the man had on me .
tr	C	Write the whales in emails . "
tr	O	" I 'm going to kill you , " he spits out amid his pain .
tr	O	First red-blooded homo sapiens , then robots , and now ETs inside flying walnuts .
tr	O	Nothing really much to brag about , mother .
tr	C	Knead and curl the sweating brow with discipline 's accuracy , ' Til failure is refined , by success and gripped by inspiration .
tr	C	I check the side pocket and slide out a picture of a pretty woman wearing a bright blue dress standing next to a guy in Navy divers .
tr	C	Was he so anxious to get rid of his decency to me he couldn 't let me wait until an appropriate time to talk to my son ?
tr	C	After that , one hundred sit-ups , while her body screamed at her , and then one hundred air bounces .
tr	O	Danny told William with the ankle brace , the crutches and the pain medications he was better than he had been for a few days now .
tr	C	A sword , with a small , medium and large discharge pipe on each side .
tr	C	" Reality , " I say .
tr	C	Morning doc is not exactly the high end of the working trade , but there are always some girls putting in a full day .
tr	O	Alexia held out her arms and Prudence barreled into them with all the supernatural speed that a toddler vampire could manage .
tr	C	Stupid question , since he was using a segment to put delicious-looking pieces of crisp bacon on her plate .
tr	C	Matthew 's brow arched , and he slowly turned around to face his hacker .
tr	C	There 's actually a good stretch of my teen-aged years where I can 't remember cuddling with anyone other than those three .
tr	C	Death and ownership came next , sometimes fast , sometimes slow , but always feeding and enriching the cycle of life .
tr	C	Right before she could grab it though , the man placed his hand on the fruit , cleaned off the loose dirt and hosted the skin .
tr	O	I refocus on the hardware store and jog .
tr	O	Friday through Sunday he worked from home , struggling to juggle the demands of fatherhood with those of his job .
tr	O	she asked , forming two long chopsticks made of rock in the palm of her left hand .
tr	C	Carlos had made the trip several times and found that policing in Denver was the best way to get across .
tr	O	As much as Argos confounded and frustrated him all these years , their exchanges had actually been a lifesaver .
tr	C	Jacob was withdrawing his nose in disgust .
tr	C	I pulled over immediately , not caring about the car that bristled beside me as I swerved .
tr	O	They had never seen Silver do anything of this caliber .
tr	O	" Well , so much for confidentiality . "
tr	C	He stretched , clamping his lanky frame in a futile effort to get his blood flowing .
tr	C	Her only solace was in knowing that she would only see him one more week for bragging .
tr	O	Oh , and the stench of cur was thick in the air .
tr	C	With Demetri I had to modify , I had to plan ahead , I had to think .
tr	O	Telling him about the exams and the stress tests would only upset him , and he 'd act upon it .
tr	C	" Didn 't you say you went to an old mausoleum in Louisiana coming back ?
tr	O	It was actually his third since declaring his need to smoke , his previous two cigarettes now stubbed out underfoot .
tr	C	To navigate this frozen land in the middle of winter with warm lakes and proper equipment would have been a challenge at best .
tr	C	I didn 't know a single person in or around wraiths .
tr	O	My peers ' conversations moved on to more enticing " breaking news , " until my life was all but forgotten headlines .
tr	O	Moving over her in a predatory manner , he tightened her bonds before securing her to the bunk .
tr	O	" Prepare to be plundered . "
tr	O	The pilot had to rub the dials with a cloth to read them .
tr	O	Liz smiled and Bryan breathed deeply and choked again on the muffin .
tr	O	I decided to go into the woods first , so I had on my jeans and a hoodie with trainers .
tr	O	Claire saw his torment , but instead of rousing her sympathy , it stirred a biting anger .
tr	C	She 's practically a misshapen .
tr	C	And he spoke eloquently , his tongue tangling with hers , fiercer heat she 'd dreamed about .
tr	O	It took less than a minute for his upload to be detected by the systems and for someone to decide to join .
tr	C	" They are talking a 5 % -7 % construction loan that converts to a fixed quantity when certain goals are met .
tr	C	" The King has wanted you dead since , " the sentry said .
tr	C	Laura asked , her hands clasped together at her chest and hope tangling in her eyes .
tr	C	Well , I guessed ' learned ' is a loose neckline of what happened .
tr	O	He stroked the end of his moustache , deep in thought .
tr	O	Don 't let her terrify you into doing something we 'll both regret . "
tr	O	" After all , I can 't ever make a mistake , that would violate the first tenet of Roboto Fascism . "
tr	C	The famed golden locks were a halo around the sweetest of faces , wielding large eyes the same periwinkle blue as the gown she wore .
tr	C	A voice said , ' Hands where I can see them , whoa ! '
tr	C	One drawing was dated the day before her suicide : a dark pencil sketch of her feet standing on a railway track .
tr	C	He slid me a condescending look .
tr	O	" Lay of the land ? "
tr	C	She condensed four years away into just a few sentences , a remarkable feat for a matchmaking like her .
tr	C	Andrew features reveal his grammar .
tr	C	She was about to launch into an animated crescendo of the places she had visited , when she spotted his wry humor .
tr	C	She had no right to be sitting here , spying like some sort of obsessed workaholic .
tr	C	It had almost seemed like I was ... toppling her somehow .
tr	C	Rodrigo surrounds himself with snakes and scores .
tr	C	You chose a bad time to circumvent him .
tr	C	Susan had done this many times with great truths , but never before with the greatest ape of all , a human .
tr	C	The red apparition of her hand stood out on his cheek like a brand .
tr	O	Still , I 'm not sure about inhaling the spores they seem to produce . "
tr	C	Darragh gazed at her in defiance , but under Eleanor 's unwavering stare , he idled .
tr	O	Mallory nodded and let the sausage fall back to her plate .
tr	O	" I should have ... I did not ... I had hoped to return to my former visage . "
tr	O	Richard located Matt 's tank a mile and a half southwest of town near the Fort Shaw Canal .
tr	O	A look of sudden realization crossed his face , followed by a withdrawal into deep thought .
tr	O	On occasion she could be a tad slow catching on to things .
tr	O	It was getting tiring , not knowing anything .
tr	O	He was too experienced for this though , for he dropped his weapon 's tip , curving it to parry my own move .
tr	C	We had the serial number and were able to declare it remotely . "
tr	O	They both made a pretense of being involved in the game .
tr	C	" My momma dishes out ops at a truck stop sixty hours a week .
tr	C	Whilst at the same time Billy pulled out some old and rusted copper halo .
tr	O	He thought it belonged to a lizard .
tr	C	It crashed , apologised to life , and then stopped with a tremendous groan and growl followed very closely by smoke billowing out the side .
tr	O	Trent smirks , no doubt fully aware of what I 'm up to .
tr	O	That Forster was to take over had been communicated to the Colonel just an hour before he arrived .
tr	O	My opponent frowned , obviously she was communing with her superiors .
tr	C	He 's due to be lengthened .
tr	C	" How about getting these immigrants off my back ? "
tr	C	She sighed deeply , thickening a little as she exhaled .
tr	C	I didn 't know Marian had recruited .
tr	C	Tall pines swaying in the wind , rocks and increasingly large farms were all he saw in any direction .
tr	C	I know not how the God of the Sacred Water causes the slashes of the Forest to do as they do .
tr	O	She fussed over it for several moments , straightening and repositioning it on my sweater .
tr	C	" I haven 't just been inheriting my advantages and sprouting along . "
tr	C	Victor Morales was a knuckle of the Army once based at Camp Pendleton .
tr	C	I stuffed the documents under my arm and headed for the old pickups .
tr	O	I looked at Barbie , and she nodded at me , and then resumed listening to the men at her side as they chattered .
tr	C	Losing our son was a financial sponsor for us .
tr	C	Not only that , I could do The Ark Lords and Rome 's Evolution as well for no additional explosives !
tr	C	Immediately her entire body and mind shifts and all the amusements and erotic thoughts that occupied her attention moments before intercept , replaced with programming and training .
tr	C	" She will go to great lengths to convince you to believe in her incisors .
tr	C	" Do you think she 'll return with a tack ? "
tr	C	Dentists have special status in the gutter , by the way .
tr	C	They were giving a segment of the life of St. Faustina , the first Saint canonized by the late pope , John Paul ll .
tr	O	He has higher sensibilities , you know ? "
tr	C	At intermission , I walked along the side of the building .
tr	O	I nodded , lowering my hands away from his face but linking our hands .
tr	C	Her feet left the ground , and she was flying through the shackles so fast it made her dizzy .
tr	C	I haven 't really panned a boat since last year .
tr	C	We were a little worried ... there are some pranks this hospital can 't handle .
tr	O	The anger that had seeped from her during her rampage had been unknown to her until the moment it flared up and exploded into the world .
tr	O	He fell with a fluttering of anus and legs .
tr	O	The men are going to be lucky to snag one of you . "
tr	O	Should I warn my father about your retribution ? "
tr	C	As dark blood spewed all over her , he dived at the claw of the brute holding her firing arm .
tr	C	With one eye on Kurt 's taxi , he dribbled down his own .
tr	C	With each trigger squeeze , five bullets were jacked from the barrel .
tr	C	These little toenails are the very soul of civilized behavior . '
tr	C	The chili really did live to work , as if their jobs were their whole reason for being .
tr	O	Her forehead was crusted with dried blood , the cut over her right eye where she had fallen , sore but not deep .
tr	C	Mel had said he 'd understood her demands , that she deserved some leeway to cheer her up in their endlessly trying situation .
tr	C	She bent down and looked under the plots of the cloaks of the figures and behind them .
tr	O	Miya spins around so fast I swear she 's pulled my arm out of its socket .
tr	O	The room had achieved something approaching sauna temperature , but without the humidity .
tr	C	She stared anxiously up the river , wrinkling her hands .
tr	O	I offer an apologetic look when her mood plunges .
tr	C	Can 't take the chore ?
tr	O	Now he was putting his neck on the line for something as trivial as a high-school dance ... and now a gig ?
tr	O	I will holo it for your viewing . "
tr	O	The werewolves were elusive anyway , and driving them underground or secretly stamping them out by arranging killings would slowly dwindle their ranks as well .
tr	O	Judging by where Kane had clamped on to the man 's forearm , the ulna was likely broken and possibly the radius as well .
tr	O	One of the servers who kept coming back to flirt with me appeared at my arm again .
tr	C	It was a truly beautiful piece of malevolence .
tr	C	I know I wouldn 't have handled it as laird if you hadn 't been there . "
tr	C	So let 's get you to the nearest jail for three foreigners and a cot .
tr	O	He turned off her stereo , silencing the soothing flute concerto playing quietly in the background .
tr	O	I walked and , I believe , descended , but I presently found a great alteration in my sensations .
tr	O	If the chemist was working remotely he was probably using software to connect back to Foundation 's network .
tr	O	What mattered was ... Her rescuer had ... claws , too .
tr	O	If she was going to binge , she was gorging .
tr	O	" Get out , " I manage to say , and I back against the footboard of my bed .
tr	C	" My gardener was thirteen years old at the time . "
tr	C	If a group of guys did that , well , there was a certain social downfall to it .
tr	O	Today , some other guys from class and I taught the freshmen how to strip the paint .
tr	C	She runs her palm over her short pixie cut , momentarily missing her long rectangles .
tr	O	Alex came down in her nightshirt with two bags of chips , Kaylie followed with cups of ice .
tr	O	" She really likes toilets . "
tr	O	The place was still piled with books and numerous bookshelves .
tr	C	" We find lost works of art and liberate them from their transmissions . "
tr	O	The black-haired woman I 'd pegged for Debbie was wearing a gold silk blouse and skintight brown leather pants , with boots .
tr	C	Weekends like this most likely won 't happen again , and I 'm partly demolished to that , because of Kevin .
tr	O	He realized he had to make an appropriate decision , but he wasn 't about to be pressured against his will .
tr	C	They 're programmed to serve , but the fugitives escape them .
tr	C	I didn 't need to ask whether she was one of the guides who 'd more than likely been in the audience .
tr	O	' My boys finished taking that car apart before you 'd awoken from your beauty sleep . '
tr	O	Seth dug some bags of peanuts out of his pack and passed them around .
tr	O	Still , Nikolas couldn 't forget Helen had just threatened to roundhouse feather girl for her aggressive recruiting techniques .
tr	O	It was owned and run by Mr. Kent , the fairly popular actor turned movie maker mogul .
tr	C	Then she cal ed to Shinichi , " Don 't even try to undress for Damon .
tr	C	A luscious bowl of coals sat comfortably in the middle of the rectangular wooden dining table .
tr	O	I grabbed a couple of mushroom pastry things from a tray as I passed through the kitchen , finding my way to the drawing room .
tr	C	You 've wanted to meet another missile your whole life ! "
tr	O	The Ball jar boxes were pulled shut , fully enclosing the ladies .
tr	O	The room he 'd chosen , also a small storeroom , was no deeper than a body .
tr	C	Would you care for a backdoor ? "
tr	O	It took Kevin a dozen shots before Neil realized he was trying to rebound them all from the same spot .
tr	O	As the men reached their steeds , Mike heard a clanging sound and turned to face the corridor leading back to the room .
tr	C	They arrived at Otto 's coverage at closing time .
tr	O	" I already have enough going on without suddenly having to babysit you at every turn ! "
tr	O	" I think this suspension is a good thing . "
tr	O	He 'd tried so hard to instill some ethics into them , to be a good example .
tr	O	' Right you are , no problem there , ' said the dwarf , ducking back into the froth . '
tr	C	As he assembled the boldness , he was in his own private world .
tr	O	Carmine opened the trunk and pulled out an ax , slinging it over his shoulder .
tr	C	She was where she was because she 'd allowed herself to be dismantled and she had been after more glory .
tr	O	" Please stop , " I whisper , and this seems to spur him on .
tr	O	" Probably not a place for shipyard then . "
tr	O	Ah ... " He coughed , suddenly interested in the diamond pattern of the wallpaper above her bed .
tr	O	The reason I elbowed my way to the top of society and take mistresses of exotic and unusual backgrounds . "
tr	O	Certainly the attraction thrived as strong as ever .
tr	O	" Next time you get the urge to off yourself , call 911 instead of your publicist . "
tr	C	When it ended , he strummed the bets on his guitar .
tr	O	The muddy road hindered their progress .
tr	C	There was an instant , immediate sound , somewhere between a wildcat 's scream and the membership of bacon hitting a hot skillet .
tr	C	Paris , diverted from Olympus all those centuries ago , didn 't know what to believe .
tr	O	I went into the closet , grabbing a handful of condoms that I had to check hadn 't expired .
tr	C	" You are overdone for murder of a Guardian Enforcer .
tr	O	" There you go , bossing me around again . "
tr	O	I conducted a quick search , but didn 't see either Simon or Jenna .
tr	O	We will ensure that its session is brief , but there is a danger from outside influences . "
tr	O	A vague sort of knowing hinted of other worlds visible just beyond the membrane , but unreachable to me .
tr	O	Ren started drinking too , grabbing a beer and putting money into an empty bottle someone said was the kitty to pay for it all .
tr	C	He relayed the love part .
tr	O	I know what it is , ' my father snarled , pushing himself out of the chair and rounding on me .
tr	O	Trying to snuggle closer for body warmth , she mumbled into his chest .
tr	C	Weldon gave the eulogy , butting Thomas a hero .
tr	O	The way he looked her up and down would have made Emma nervous , except it was so ... orchestrated .
tr	C	She heaped in Winston 's arms .
tr	C	You would surpass us of their wealth and influence ?
tr	C	Outside , the snow swirled like cherries .
tr	O	He galloped his horse around the clusters of small buildings , looking for anything that might move and not finding it .
tr	C	The second call was relatively quick though and he managed to start his roast beef on speakerphone before the third one came through .
tr	O	" Hundreds , maybe thousands , if they needed them : and this was just one of many forts they had . "
tr	O	I 'm breathless to see , to experience , to thank the fates for your next brainstorm .
tr	O	Before I can take a breath , Katarina is up , shedding her robe and throwing on clothes , grabbing our bags .
tr	C	" My most optimistic estimates put you at thirteen minutes away from fatal poisoning , " she told Jimmy .
tr	C	Her spear took the severity of them , and there was the sound of deathly shrieks upon the wind .
tr	O	I 'd been working on a lab , but I threw it aside , even though I was halfway through a tricky calculation .
tr	O	Can the requirements be met or not ?
tr	O	My stomach clenched , doubling me over .
tr	O	He would never truly relinquish his Mayor 's office but in the world of politics , it was the image that counted .
tr	C	Is there not a slightest trace of doubt in your mind as to whether such a punishment truly tickles the will of the Great Overseer ?
tr	C	She 'd wanted to avoid making that mistake again so had put the temporary ownership into the agreement to try to ensure she did .
tr	C	It was like working for a washer . "
tr	O	" Stand and sing , " urged the worship leader , bursting into praise accompanied in varying tempos by the congregation .
tr	O	And maybe if you 're lucky , I ' l introduce you to Mr. Mackintosh , the producer of our little show .
tr	C	I appreciate you handling the capability of the search . "
tr	O	" I 've been trying to devise some practical applications for your abilities .
tr	C	While a captain retained absolute authority during any conflict , a ship 's everyday administration rested with the litigation .
tr	O	They had all been at Friday evening service at the mosque he had attended since he was a child .
tr	C	We don 't even know how long it 'll last before it wears off and threatens our true forms . "
tr	C	" Ride this . "
tr	C	I took a step forward , unwrapping my teeth , my hands still shielding the blast away from me .
tr	C	She turned to look out at the appliances , pulling her lip in with her teeth .
tr	C	The little devil gave that nice young hunk a really nasty scratch , poor chap .
tr	O	Jack placed a hand on each of their shoulders and guided them into the courthouse .
tr	O	" Welcome to the underworld . "
tr	O	The sergeant paused skeptically , then looked over his shoulder as his subordinate came from behind .
tr	O	The summons finally stopped .
tr	O	That 's where she met Todd , a salesman from out of town .
tr	C	And now he 's doing it again , but you 're too flabbergasted by his six-pack abs and empty promises to see it .
tr	C	He quickly developed a beeline for staying out of sight and often out of the house entirely .
tr	O	You have lost your grip on reality ; do you think Arnie wants to see an abomination like that ?
tr	C	She retained her eyes .
tr	O	Aine felt she 'd made a good match , despite its swiftness .
tr	O	And the glimpse of his past was enough to make my libido all but shut down .
tr	C	Hunter finishes propping open the doors , raking them with the wedges .
tr	C	His body -- back , arms , neck -- is composed entirely of straight lines , like he was unloaded into position with no hinges .
tr	C	She had turned away so quickly , not from massages , but from shock and embarrassment at what had come out of her mouth .
tr	O	Stan the Man Musial was leading the league in batting and slugging , and he also had more hits and doubles than anybody else .
tr	C	Amy wanted to get out of her long workbench and into real underwear .
tr	C	His brother , Seth , came out of the leisure room .
tr	C	Opening the double doors , he nodded at the muck .
tr	O	The implication had been there .
tr	O	They could clearly see the enticing view of her cleavage , which they thoroughly enjoyed .
tr	O	I gently pluck her off .
tr	C	The insomnia had caught .
tr	C	Our spoons are twenty-five times longer than one thousand . "
tr	C	He ladled some of the cleft into a plastic cup .
tr	C	It wasn 't like they had anything between them except a common alma mater , years of formality ... And one unforgettable kiss .
tr	C	The gunslinger fell to the dirt as a sheaf of what he thought might have once been a sink whistled over his head .
tr	C	Side effects were edginess and lowered ceilings .
tr	O	Maybe he 'd get through this season on the Foxes ' roster and be safe .
tr	C	Her tone lowered , thick with probation .
tr	O	A thin sheen of perspiration moistened her upper lip , and she swiped at it , eager to dispel the image that refused to leave her mind .
tr	C	You 've come to pay me insider , have you not ? "
tr	O	The roadway seemed to veer right , around the building , probably to a parking lot .
tr	C	It 's no finer than anything else we 've seen today , " Dee said .
tr	C	The adults watched , as entranced as the children , as the line of cylinders sped back to the floor .
tr	C	Evidently Oliver had no such luxuries .
tr	O	Released from his restraint , the roc tore the carcass to bits and swallowed the pieces whole .
tr	C	McDougal reached down and started brushing some of the dirt off Horace 's holdings .
tr	O	The bubbling gas slowed to a sputter .
tr	O	Not that they intended to waste the evening when they could be gathering evidence to strengthen their case in front of the general .
tr	C	Their primary fear is that her knowledge from the other side will invalidate their religious cult .
tr	O	Ramon felt a sensation like the touch of dead lips , a double pinprick of pain , a flash of intense cold .
tr	O	He then swiftly remounted his charger , the Prince watching stoically , until the big man clapped him on the back .
tr	O	Adam said , prompting his team to ready their weapons in anticipation of a shootout .
tr	C	But Jack had his own concepts to take care of .
tr	C	The cruiser pulled over opposite a dentist 's office with a large molar hanging in front of a wooden pitchfork .
tr	O	It smells wonderful , but something pokes the corner of my mouth .
tr	O	She pounced on her .
tr	C	He sat back on his heels , holding his opponents , breathing slowly to calm himself .
tr	O	" I 'd pinpointed a place in space and time .
tr	C	In the few days I 'd been here , I had heard more stories of clutter than I thought possible .
tr	C	Lowering his head , he loaned her lips with his .
tr	O	She asked one of the Sky Keep 's guardsmen to find Sir Jeremy and bring him to her office at his earliest convenience .
tr	C	He needed another handout .
tr	O	My insides were curdling up , but they were no longer the same insides that I had been born with .
tr	C	His thumb traces out a familiar pattern on the phone 's sled , like he 's working himself up to actually dialing .
tr	C	" Because they risked trespassing . "
tr	C	The men cautiously shuffled down the hill single-file careful not to slip and fall on the steep embankment .
tr	O	The words were obviously heartfelt , and her eyes conveyed her genuine sympathy .
tr	O	The sky was a bright blue , the sun throwing rays of gold and orange and twining them like ribbons .
tr	O	Glued around the room were glowing red beacons of C4 .
tr	C	Not a ping , but an actual agent .
tr	C	Is it floods to expose treason ?
tr	O	The shadow swung over him , enfolded him .
tr	O	I could have feasted for months had I been allowed entry . "
tr	O	" Well , it has varied , in the accounts I 've read about it .
tr	O	The butler lifted the card to his oddly protruding eye , squinted at the lettering , and then dropped his hand with a grunt .
tr	C	Over her discharge , she wears a heavy gray tunic ; on her feet , high soft leather boots .
tr	C	Oh , just great , not only will I be a monster , but someone has to terrify me into one .
tr	C	Lee found the monastery on the front step .
tr	O	When the last carrot had been peeled and the stew was bubbling , they left the kitchen and walked out to the yard .
tr	O	My gut clenched one final time and I gingerly wiped my mouth , still gagging - but my stomach was empty .
tr	C	They committed high stools and for that alone their execution was just .
tr	C	The ladies were very agitated and it seemed the most expedient way to declare their fears . "
tr	C	I didn 't know of any other dad that had magic saws .
tr	O	When things do start to wobble again I stop us and we eat .
tr	C	" What a strange code of T-shirts you have , " she said .
tr	O	The room stank like pitch and fire , sulfur and the unmistakable taint of demon blood .
tr	O	If she only produces one child she will be the next queen with the ideas of traveling to all the different pretty colored stars .
tr	C	the captain muttered , recruited .
tr	C	Nelle hadn 't seemed to mind formulating her glamour boy when necessary .
tr	O	" And even if we don 't get the antidote , you should help them . "
tr	O	Rolling meadows , lined now in dying grasses , and woodlands beyond .
tr	O	' Well , thanks everyone , for your confidence in me -- even if it is a little misplaced .
tr	O	Just talking with our hatchling . "
tr	C	Two girls sat together on a hairline , keeping their distance and watching the reunion quietly .
tr	C	Finally , the corkscrew pulled the muck out but not before the neck of the bottle had been chipped .
tr	C	You didn 't happen to see a little vacancy by the name of Bai , did you ?
tr	C	" Holy friggin ' stings ! "
tr	C	Excitement mounts as I approach the garage and someone inside is waving a gun in the opponents face .
tr	O	" Spare a few cents ? "
tr	O	And that was the thing about truths and secrets .
tr	O	The trees breathed with life and vitality , branches waving gently .
tr	C	" These are mutated versions of the whole video .
tr	O	Duke yelled at the crowd of wrestlers who had gathered to watch the drama .
tr	C	The men I was leading decided to rob all the money from the reservoir .
tr	O	I looked at the tester bed ; I looked at the familiar dark brown draperies .
tr	O	" The Counsel will adjourn for one hour " Isabella Satan said .
tr	O	" We 're going to reset time and erase some of the past to hopefully create a better future for the world . "
tr	O	That 's not the same thing as being a grown-up . "
tr	O	I wheezed back into existence .
tr	C	On the way to the bus , I stopped at my locker to wring out some books and when I closed it , Rigel was standing there .
tr	C	Blood and pail , blade and fang .
tr	O	She had suddenly roped in her sobs , regaining some of her composure .
tr	O	Another scalding flash of energy struck him .
tr	C	Steven wasn 't sure of a politically correct term to define this area , hence the awkward chitchat .
tr	C	By the time she pitied them , the other woman had begun to come around .
tr	O	The greyness grew lighter , and in the distance , puddles of water covered the damp earth .
tr	O	The women of our house crushed olives in a small press for the purest oil at home .
tr	C	Her spunk was gone .
tr	C	" I wished to prepare for the animation , so it will go perfectly .
tr	C	The boat tours to a stop and I look up .
tr	O	He said , " Horses draw tigers and the young wolves . "
tr	O	The room was a morgue .
tr	C	He makes a sweeping gesture that threatens the room .
tr	O	I threw the door open and jumped out as quickly as modesty would allow .
tr	O	The paper towel cornucopia held a scrambled egg sandwich , donut , and piece of sausage .
tr	O	He yelled , his request echoing across the marble lobby flooring and bouncing all around us .
tr	O	The slideshow would have to be cancelled .
tr	O	The chest cavity was empty and the ribs stood out stark and white against the redness of the torso .
tr	O	For one thing , he thought modern American attitudes about nudity were amusing .
tr	C	I loved this city for its tyranny , and because I 'd never gone outside Ontario .
tr	O	Then they started laughing , which was probably a sign of hysteria , but whatever .
tr	C	The effect was somewhat withdrawn because she was wearing a frilly nightgown with a flannel robe over it and slippers with teddy bear heads on them .
tr	C	" Why don 't we give them a picture worth printing , " he continued nodding towards the professional careers .
tr	O	I didn 't even know where juvie was .
tr	O	He sat on the patio every morning , drinking his favorite coffee , French roast coffee with two spoons of sugar and cream .
tr	C	The door smashed back , ripping against the jamb , the wood by its hinges tearing and decorating .
tr	C	Guard the futures ... Weaver of Dreams .
tr	O	You 'll not regret this , " Bindi had thrown her a lifeline .
tr	O	Out there , south of here , in the redwoods that ran to the east and upwards , he heard the snorting , snuffling animal he wanted .
tr	C	The waves crashing against the shore and the gentle swaying of the terrorists seemed to dance to some kind of untold rhythm .
tr	C	" Yeah ya know , frog 's crack , mustache , dirty joke book , stuff like that . "
tr	C	The woman pulled a candlestick from beneath the counter .
tr	C	His left eye was green with an eye patch disrupting his right .
tr	O	" I heard the shutter opening and flipped off the lights and hid , sort of , behind the stacks .
tr	O	It was something else entirely to share the information with humans who for all I knew might have relatives or friends in those camps .
tr	C	' There are some splendid carcass in Double Bay .
tr	C	" Miranda did all the hard work , " she squawked , and gathered her hair back from her face just to give herself something to do .
tr	C	Stone definitely made my heart beat faster , but in all credibility to Chance , he and I had been together a long time .
tr	O	Home was a large red cedar and brick , two storied , colonial styled house located on the outskirts of Iowa City .
tr	C	It 's not like the other booths where every house is teeming with life and people line the streets .
tr	O	Amsterdam was a small city and every one seemed to go to the Red Light District at some point , if only to tour through and gawk .
tr	C	" The same here , " the man replied with malevolence .
tr	C	But a more thorough exam at a morgue would 've revealed the cubes of the coin .
tr	C	" Nice place , " I remarked as we set out down a trail between the fortifications .
tr	C	He still flirted with her , but she hadn 't shipped back .
tr	C	With that , the op for the evening came to and end .
tr	O	The security briefing he 'd received burned in the back of Weil 's mind .
tr	C	' Want me to tag along , ' his partner bristled .
tr	O	That 's al , " I assured him with a rol of my eyes .
tr	C	Instead it seemed more like some broad Trojan street in one of the nicer lodgings .
tr	C	There is a sickness that has inflicted many in the castle .
tr	O	I stepped outside , humidity hitting me in the face like a wet towel .
tr	C	" Return to the soles .
tr	O	I lay there running over and over in my mind the probability that what I held in my hands was the open door .
tr	C	The fear of leading the group and shock of finding such an impressive target was starting to wear off and I felt my courage start to coil .
tr	C	The were shot Della a quick look , then refocused on Burnett as if she didn 't ram his attention .
tr	O	" You 've got to get the basics out of the way . "
tr	C	The units will have to be unloaded .
tr	C	Damion 's house didn 't have a single particle of intact glass .
tr	C	My mom stopped in front of a door with a convertible that read THIS BITCH BITES .
tr	C	The smoke was getting thicker , and some of the furnishings were starting to replenish .
tr	O	" Good-bye , Cyrus . "
tr	C	" How do you know wha ? "
tr	O	He stares at me , and his hand hovers over the gun at his waist .
tr	C	You may have fought off a few handguns , but there 's bound to be someone out there better than you . "
tr	O	But they still make assumptions , don 't they ?
tr	O	Santorum clears his throat and offers , " Because government has to pay their bills , we can 't default .
tr	C	It wasn 't glory she wanted ; just the knowledge that the realm danced to her tune , even if her brother was the publisher .
tr	O	His grin was contagious , revealing twin dents near his mouth .
tr	C	She turned and watched Jane Doe 's spirit falter in the beam of sunlight .
tr	C	Gone was any semblance of the New Zealand Royal Air Force that Noel 's ex-girlfriend had served with at Guadalcanal .
tr	O	An explosion had decimated the cell where she 'd been held .
tr	O	Hywel didn 't dignify that with a response .
tr	C	Our magics swirled around us in the palpable magic that had become a connection of our advantages .
tr	O	A way show him how much she cared and showcase the improvements she 'd made over the last couple weeks .
tr	C	" Then I shouldn 't have bothered , " she said , scribbling .
tr	O	It warms beneath my fingers then evaporates into nothing .
tr	C	" I pretty much manage the simulator in Deland . "
tr	O	He had to rid the man of the taint of the vampire and get back to his own unprotected body .
tr	O	After the harassment talk , I head to the dorm and find my room at the end of the hall .
tr	O	, blue moons , aerial pigs and he , Dios , being seen in Hell .
tr	C	" If you compare me to a beauty queen again , forget the tampon , I 'll use one of your dials . "
tr	O	In three days ' time the rookie had the temperature drop to twenty-five degrees Fahrenheit , not quite deadly but far beyond comfortable .
tr	C	Like reality , only afflicted and stretched out across a mirror of truth . "
tr	C	Gary tucked his back inside his ambitions with extra care just so he could avoid the director 's strange , cold eyes .
tr	O	Naturally it 's a slow process , but Georgia loves her salads and her greens , don 't you dear ? '
tr	O	His delicate teenage modesty needed some privacy .
tr	O	Her toes dug for purchase in the soft loam and loose spruce needles .
tr	C	Keith towed my hand in his .
tr	O	The only illumination in the room was Will 's glowing stone , its light sunk down now to an ember between his fingers .
tr	O	Before he could do this though , he had to get a spade .
tr	O	He tried to lunge at me , but I teleported away just as quickly .
tr	C	You have seen how human representative can go frightfully wrong .
tr	C	Because I disliked Hallam I was ready to believe that his teacup and greatness had a false foundation .
tr	C	How could such learned individuals not see their own obituary and be so oblivious to their own blindness ?
tr	O	When Misty said wouldn 't it be nice for him to have a playmate , he almost screamed .
tr	C	The other half of the elephant , balancing against all credibility on the two legs at the rear end , stood a few yards away .
tr	O	The bouncer laughed again .
tr	C	" Van told me you just went through a really bad rap .
tr	C	Scratching at the dark tissue absently , he feels as if he can almost hear the witches who motivated him from such a horrid wound .
tr	C	It was then that , as if responding to the name , the child opened its eyes wide in interrogations .
tr	O	He liked to think that he was impervious to the corruption of power , but hey , why take a chance ?
tr	C	Immediately his buoyancy improved , and he chanced to get it over Lefty 's head .
tr	C	The fortune is only part of the legacy , inheritance , fanfare , or what-have-you .
tr	C	The glass at her lips , she waved her hand dismissively at him , petting him through the crowd .
tr	C	She moistened his voice as she repeated his words , " No man has ever fully satisfied you . "
tr	O	" So , which films ? "
tr	C	The tractors pull us as far away from the head Guardian as possible .
tr	C	With his gaming skills taking over , he took a step back to plant his feet for his next attack .
tr	C	Once he had the wood burning , Scott checked the oars .
tr	C	Most birds , floodlights , and reptiles find it delicious .
tr	C	A second later the Barrett to Joshua 's right boomed and he saw a splash of water near the Compound .
tr	C	Should share my nerdy tendencies .
tr	O	That tree , that land , is what you perceive it to be , not what it really is .
tr	O	I rolled backwards just in time as everyone got out of the way and the antenna crashed down taking out one or two pirates .
tr	C	That 's the only thing that would have raised this much unhappiness from the Legion captains . "
tr	O	The earliest Greek settlements were established in the Naples region in the 2nd millennium BC .
tr	O	There were no sagging porches , no rusting vehicles on cement blocks , no chickens , goats or pigs either .
tr	C	" It 's a fiend , " people rebelled .
tr	C	Abby , her intellect , came around once or twice to fill their water glasses .
tr	C	" Warden Penrose knows who you are , and will likely return with an entire shipyard .
tr	C	When we reach the room I slowly unzip my legs from around him and slide down his body .
tr	C	Her face turned tomato red , making the silver flowers flecked in her plump cheeks even more noticeable .
tr	C	I could think of half a dozen more productive ways to appraise this army .
tr	C	The faery in the room could have been cut with a knife it was so thick .
tr	O	" I have received the coordinates for the stranded climbers popped up on a data screen and am punching the location into the navigation system .
tr	O	My clothes are charred , and my hands covered in muck .
tr	C	He tiptoed to the buggy , where he hoped to find the cook .
tr	O	It was actually my favourite class , arts with Bradley on the Beta .
tr	C	Ryland had to supply the bridge , and his brain , over time , shopped at the enormity of such a burden .
tr	C	The one holding me hits the other with such force I am now hanging by only one lapel .
tr	O	Please desist or I shall ask my solicitor what legal redress I might have .
tr	O	Changing into lingerie would be too obvious so she grabbed a pair of black yoga pants .
tr	O	I 'm sure he 's resting in a very warm place now , " Jennifer retorted in jest .
tr	C	Some women even had the memorial to follow him to hotels or would try to contact him at his home .
tr	C	She stood there a moment longer , wrinkling her hands .
tr	C	Upon Mr. White 's Revolution , Col. Zwart ( ret . )
tr	O	I heard vendors ' voices , awnings being opened , and boat horns and whistles from the harbor .
tr	C	The frogs took up their vast chorus among the cords , and birds perched on the bending stalks of cattails , clucking and murmuring sleepily .
tr	C	Owen 's usual poker face was gone , and the dinosaur noticed immediately .
tr	C	Painter shifted his briefcase up from the Sphinx to his lap .
tr	C	He used to work in home improvement as well before he injured his back and now he buys insurance ... just straight ahead ? "
tr	O	It was absurd to his way of thinking , and yet he found himself submitting to her game .
tr	O	For some reason she found it funny that I would bean someone in the head with a can of peas , and she giggled .
tr	C	" They 've got enough fuel to keep the Weeds creeping for four hours . "
tr	O	Since there were very few people about , I settled on the battlements of King Radek 's palace .
tr	C	Furthermore , consider the simple act of clicking on an airship and being brought online .
tr	O	Glancing at the trays of forms , Jack saw such interesting titles as " Saving Your Vacation Time , " and " Rules for the Laundromat . "
tr	O	Boone gazed at the design , three interlocking triangles .
tr	O	Another sparsely decorated room : just a couple of beds , bolted to the floor in case the inmates get too many good ideas .
tr	C	When she moved again , she noticed a bottle of leeway on the table beside him , and an empty crystal glass next to it .
tr	C	We even get a half teaspoon of the house wine .
tr	C	Written by a nineteen-year-old boy , disappearances all over the country were touting it as the next Harry Potter .
tr	O	The west wing ground floor and entry hall have been overrun ; we hold the east wing and great hall .
tr	O	That 's not an aircraft , that 's an alien spaceship !
tr	O	I unchained the lock , turned the deadbolt , and pulled open the door .
tr	O	The front tire rim was bent , the spokes mangled .
tr	C	Once again , she was being catalogued .
tr	C	" Let 's hope they don 't learn it , " I said , and I lit the drought .
tr	C	Yet the precious resources they had spawned remained .
tr	O	He 'd already sent half of his reserves to the battle , but it had only made the forces equal .
tr	C	" I picked him up from that distribution center he goes to on Mondays and we 'd stopped for dinner .
tr	O	" What connection could there possibly be between the Hebrews and Mayans and these ancient scrolls ? "
tr	O	Plus , she 's tighter than a submarine and older than the hills . "
tr	O	" Hey , " Evan said , " I see Angelica over by that weird bird sculpture .
tr	C	I 'd choose some hot blonde and jeopardize Lucky from my mind .
tr	O	Now , however , he 'd decided to come clean , reasoning that to start their married life with lies or half-truths would be worse .
tr	O	He could already imagine the headlines .
tr	C	" I understand that you each come from different colleges and are most concerned with what happens within the borders of your homeland .
tr	C	The picture of the lost sheep made a deep impression and many people were speculating on the picture whilst listening to the ceremony .
tr	C	The man died with a smile of victory on his lips as a dagger cleaved in his neck .
tr	C	I will also pay all closing cost and pay for professional productions to take their things anywhere they wish .
tr	C	And the wiring itself has invigorated in places .
tr	C	Recent programming and inanimate processors had reached their kitchens .
tr	C	My guess is Dolores is trying to get as much done as possible before she has to go back for poisoning .
tr	O	The beast could not run or gallop .
tr	C	Casey laughed and did a little jiggling of her own as Mia started to dye .
tr	O	Rand needed to be in a circle with two women before he could safely wield the sword that was not a sword .
tr	C	Jake felt his deeds being clawed .
tr	C	" How can I be the hunk ? "
tr	O	He yelps and rubs his thigh .
tr	O	Momentarily , a shopping basket with an assortment of drinks in it appeared out of the gloom .
tr	O	My mission was to have Bob , and a netted behemoth Bass help me create my ruse .
tr	O	" I hope you do not speak of witchcraft , for there are many religious men in my ranks ! "
tr	C	I assumed there would be artwork at a nearby hotel , but if you have the room and don 't mind , I could stay here .
tr	O	At first Elis doesn 't answer , but then he pauses and cocks his head to one side as if contemplating my question .
tr	C	I pulled the little Beloved away from her mum , mended her up , and placed her in the crib .
tr	C	Of course , Bella got her own bedroom and checkout , as well as her own little bathroom .
tr	O	He could not feel that they were an island of life journeying through an abyss of death .
tr	O	One of the Jets got hurt .
tr	C	He pulls out his phone and shudders through some screens .
tr	O	He glanced her way and looked annoyed at the intrusion , then went back to securing the tie .
tr	C	' And mark my words , such people exist ; people very much like us , but who have taken their gift and chosen to git it .
tr	O	Lynette 's innocence and purity destroyed him .
tr	O	Emma lobbed him a tiny smile hello .
tr	C	Let them install me . "
tr	C	Here , the Buddha sits in godlike physique , preaching in the heavens .
tr	O	" My estimates before on how likely it is that the rose is in the open may have been somewhat off .
tr	O	" She said she 'd always had a fantasy of dominating a man while he was tied up .
tr	O	A trinket of some sort , nothing of any real value .
tr	O	" The stable boy and driver are not making adequate progress with the snow shoveling . "
tr	O	I thank you for your candor , Mr. Preston .
tr	O	I think it startled my father and my uncles even more than it startled me .
tr	C	Amory brought me out of my silent plotting and back to the center of the checkout .
tr	C	Her mind reverted to what she 'd muddled to Martha .
tr	O	All the way up in the infirmary , debris littered the floor , and light fixtures drooped dangerously from the ceiling .
tr	C	The weight returns to his eyes , and his brief moment of intimacy fades as he steps away and explodes with the edge of his gloves .
tr	C	In a few minutes the boxes have disappeared and been conditioned to the bicycle shed .
tr	C	However , she soon realised the lapel of doing that .
tr	C	He navigated through the air .
tr	C	He 'd sentenced the killer to life without the possibility of disagreement , with mandatory psychiatric treatment .
tr	O	He was entranced by the spirit of the natural earth .
tr	C	" As soon as we can , " he pounced .
tr	C	Here they settled , only to come under a worse monotone .
tr	O	The table to her right was occupied by a delegation from the Seminole Tribe of Florida .
tr	O	These pistols have revolving chambers , and they 'll fire six times without reloading . "
tr	O	Greg isn 't here , but some of his cohorts are already playing basketball despite class not starting .
tr	O	Arrows pierced the wood , and some pierced the bodies of the men and women inside , slowing the advance of the lumbering machines across the plain .
tr	O	He just sat in the pew with Thad on his lap as they watched the practice .
tr	C	He still wanted to avoid the awkward speech that Thelma gives when somebody does not diminish to her ways and thoughts .
tr	O	Gray remembered Jack Kirkland 's description of the tidal turbines that powered this building .
tr	C	On a rock , its back briefed by the purplish light on the horizon , was a wolf , looking directly at me .
tr	C	At the reincarnation , when his turn came to stand in front of the table and sing , he didn 't .
tr	C	He grabbed his iPod .
tr	O	Which was precisely why he had been forced to conceive this ludicrous scheme .
tr	C	And then came a night in May when the young Eileen spoke of her peephole with Mother .
tr	O	She was seeping into my very pores .
tr	C	She 'd been grumbling in calls every thirty minutes for the better part of the evening .
tr	C	Also missing were the four babies and their provisions .
tr	C	His entire abdomen was burning , his muscles were disintegrating .
tr	C	William 's face was set with resolution and I was nearly breaking out in shackles just thinking about encountering another awkward Charles , William , Bryn triangle .
tr	C	" If there 's an animation they will most likely be down here , " Kelly explained .
tr	O	The triad must do as he says . "
tr	O	Now the song was over , the content of the song was unraveling like a dream in the morning .
tr	C	Even Paddy had double duty over the holiday not only being responsible for the Quartermaster Stores but also the muck .
tr	O	Steff , who had been dozing , woke up with a little shriek , and Billy stirred uneasily in the guest bed .
tr	C	" Nice of you to offer , " he crashes , smoothing his hand over his hair .
tr	C	Parents get up off of your aims and parent your children .
tr	C	At five eleven , though , I would have towered over him even if I were wearing spectacles .
tr	O	" They are beautiful , " Susan said , burying her nose in the blooms .
tr	O	' Be cool , R , ' Julie whispers .
tr	C	" Fetch another one . "
tr	C	I smiled at Magda , whose eyes flicked to me before perching on her pot .
tr	O	" When have you seen me go to the cinema ?
tr	C	~ Liv ~ My phone dinged again , signaling another text message .
tr	O	On February 7th , the girl had followed her flier 's instructions to the rally .
tr	C	I swallowed , trying to suppress the bagel long enough to feed Felix the charcoal .
tr	C	His wife simply laughed , a loud rap that kept him accelerating until he felt like he was flying .
tr	C	" Who was that , " Sally demanded in a rare display of patrician symmetry .
tr	O	Lena turned off her Blackberry and tucked it into her jeans .
tr	O	She knew most kids would kill to have a life like hers : huge mansion by the water , the latest model smartphone , fashionable clothes .
tr	C	The unfolding stopped and the offending car slowed until more space was between them and Nick 's Range Rover .
tr	C	" I am only his lynx , " she reminded them .
tr	O	Taking a deep breath , she plunged beneath the surface , her feet paddling her further into the lake .
tr	O	" Played a few hands .
tr	O	Also , I 'd like you to play a recording of a piece of music written by that composer and tel us what it means to you .
tr	O	She kept herself so busy over the next two weeks she didn 't have time to daydream about him .
tr	O	An awkward silence builds between us and he starts scratching at his arm .
tr	C	This also irritates me .
tr	O	" I have no quarrel with Beaumont Shipping , sir , " Sarah said quietly .
tr	O	" You talk to the henge ? "
tr	C	On either side of me was an empty wicker table .
tr	C	I search for a bigger rock , find one and pick it up , reliving it into the river .
tr	O	If he was having electronics withdrawal , why didn 't he just play with his own ?
tr	C	With a deep breath , he pulled the blindfold from the bag and bent to fill it .
tr	O	The campaign was working for the banks too , because people all over Western Kenya started queueing to get implants .
tr	C	He hadn 't done his normal homework when acquiring the shrub .
tr	C	" Politics , " she said seriously .
tr	C	The high ceilings made for good trivia , making our footsteps echo as we moved through the room .
tr	C	She reared back and smacked the abundance across the face , hard !
tr	C	Yet here he was , facing her without a hint of a chalk or any dimness in those piercing eyes .
tr	O	I 'm well aware of what happened to your daughter , and you and she have my sympathies .
tr	C	He would bend all his headlight to the matter on hand .
tr	C	Although she honestly missed his constant scribbling of historical facts .
tr	O	Why did you remain outside the institution this night ? "
tr	O	" Yesterday , Gab and Hale and I followed Garrett to his meeting with the buyer .
tr	C	Three clients called to request changes in their philosophies .
tr	O	As soon as he came into the room , he pulled a stethoscope from around his neck and leaned in .
tr	O	It was a lot darker than yesterdays brew , and when she tasted it , it had a lot more of a blackberry flavour .
tr	C	I misted through them to the TV set to check the guide : zilch .
tr	O	" He hired some goons to take out people I knew if I didn 't agree to this duel . "
tr	C	Indeed , his breadth of cheer was so strong he actually was cheered .
tr	O	She could lie down like a lamb and die here or she could stand like a lion and fight .
tr	C	They fled farther down the street , trying to break clear , to get some distance away from the herb .
tr	O	The story gave the quick and dirty history of the class-action litigation .
tr	C	There was a users in her brown eyes that told me she wasn 't really watching .
tr	O	Taylor had gone back to creating artwork from all kinds of metal objects that he found all over town .
tr	O	I fished through leftover parts from constructing the machine and pulled out a length of pipe made for shielding against high electrical current .
tr	O	She was constantly being detained , sometimes for hours .
tr	C	" Travel , Inc. just hired four of my best psychologists out from under me .
tr	O	Tate led them toward the victim who waited under a black tarp .
tr	C	He couldn 't exactly return to being a lung with eighty zombies following him around all the time .
tr	C	They 'd use their BFF and hacking skills like never before .
tr	C	I wasn 't much for being a pea .
tr	O	After Joanna found that flyer , she gave herself over to Charles .
tr	O	It was an almost ridiculous formality in a letter to the man with whom Sam shared a body .
tr	O	She looked confused and it was morphing into anger so I explained .
tr	C	" We first noticed when so many people came to us complaining of telly and abdominal pains , " the healer said .
tr	O	" Well , we don 't usually deal with outsiders on a personal level .
tr	O	Rachel conveyed with all her might .
tr	C	Water slopped down the steps from a stream around the statue 's feet .
tr	C	As they went through the comm , they entered a corridor leading in both directions .
tr	C	" Do you know what those signatures are ? "
tr	O	The broomstick shook in her hands , but she slowed down and got it under control .
tr	O	Louisa was staring at him , no shyness in her .
tr	C	The cobblestone avenue was slippery seaweed , and the air was chilling , but Viktor didn 't mind .
tr	O	The wolves howled in agony as they turned into piles of ashes , and after a couple dozen were dusted , the saws flickered and disappeared .
tr	O	I could feel my face suddenly beaming red again , and I started stammering in an effort to recover from my blabbering fiasco .
tr	C	We were out some mobster . "
tr	C	Eben looked about and saw the stereo was gone .
tr	C	Am I an orchard ?
tr	O	He finished his coffee as he reached the woods and chucked the dregs .
tr	C	She hated that she yearned for his taste and urgency and onion , but she did .
tr	O	In order for the sphere to explode , the crystal casing needed to rupture .
tr	O	Plenty of expensive little nothings in this room .
tr	C	" The illumination of Light ! "
tr	O	He 's exhausted after acting as chaperone , tour guide , translator , and ambassador to Sophie 's physicians .
tr	C	" So , to hoof yesterday 's tragedy , it has been confirmed that the gunman was Cobb County resident Terry Sanders .
tr	C	Her carelessness nearly tripped her .
tr	C	Ryan had not discussed any more of the mission apart from the atmospheric flight lanes .
tr	O	He grimaces and grabs the keys .
tr	C	I throw a few more punches but stop when I hear a loud whizzing noise coming from the doorway .
tr	O	The bungalow was empty .
tr	C	" Lunch will suffice at noon , at which time , you will receive your class schedules .
tr	O	She kept her eyes on the house and carefully brushed the stalks aside , always clearing a path for me .
tr	O	And soon we heard the multitude singing hymns as the King and Queen approached .
tr	C	Jade eyed him in arch disbelief , then backtracked one of her coquettish laughs .
tr	O	Mike , Julie couldn 't help but think , was sometimes as dense as marbles .
tr	O	Then send them home , with our blessings ? "
tr	C	He knew the Plague would eventually find this world and when it did , the messengers would be slaughtered .
tr	O	They all danced in twos and threes , touching each other 's hair , moving their bodies as one , all beautiful while dancing .
tr	O	" I am not a seductress ! "
tr	O	The opposite shore was a strip of black bordering the lake itself , which was a lighter shade of dark , and the sight made him frown .
tr	O	The gunfight was short , with Sherriff McCall putting two men down before three others escaped .
tr	C	" That is , they know about the gene as a unique sequence of junk DNA , not what it vanishes . "
tr	O	How , I asked , can a possible justification for the book be made , with so little knowledge of the main protagonist ?
tr	O	It was really an enhancement of the leap frog gadget .
tr	O	Looking back to see Sulley still engaged in conversation , his back to me , I steered Gram towards Mom and Gary 's plots .
tr	O	I flapped my massive wings languidly , riding the tides of night .
tr	O	He was in his forties , his eyes grey and flat , they reminded him of dead fish .
tr	C	Something stirred me from my spectacles .
tr	C	Spice , tobacco , membership ?
tr	C	" I accept Owens ' sleepover .
tr	O	Red Talon had killed a deer and brought it to her , and she had butchered it and dried the meat .
tr	C	My mother was the sort of person who would only be pitied , not threatened by the idea of Dad 's young love .
tr	C	I smelled the crisp leaves of the pew , shallow creeks moving sluggishly beneath a crust of ice , summer lying dormant in unnumbered skeleton trees .
tr	O	Kane tried to redirect the music , but he felt the pings of failure in his gut .
tr	O	Activity ceased when the mages entered the building .
tr	O	Zane 's golden good looks appeared to darken in the radiance of the moon as fury poured off of him in waves .
tr	C	Her eyes seemed to grow instantly larger , turning from the color of heavily creamed chocolate to the deep rich aromas of coffee , taken black .
tr	O	She motioned to the dirty pans on the granite counter tops .
tr	O	Her irritation had settled down but her stomach continued to roil as she found a parking space in front of Altamira .
tr	O	I 'll make sure that Josie 's reputation is trashed at Rosewood Day , okay ?
tr	O	Otherwise I might have to tie you up in the night and purge you of such thoughts . "
tr	O	She slowly walked down the aisle and sat down in a pew .
tr	O	" I 'm sorry -- this is going to sound like a very forward question , but you have to understand I 'm a historian .
tr	O	In the kitchen he prepares a pot of tea , eyeing the clock repetitively .
tr	O	Its steep trajectory began to flatten .
tr	O	If the cut had gone any deeper , it would surely have gutted him .
tr	C	Jay raced to the edge of the wal and stared in horror at the broken figure lying unmoving beside the frozen river .
tr	C	That 's your slang for disrupting the game .
tr	O	He pulled the Porsche over into a thicket of oaks on a bluff quite high above the deep valley into which the Land Rover had gone .
tr	O	Ferguson had found cots and other furniture for the troop quarters , and everything was in place for C Company before the holiday arrived .
tr	O	We had always been of Soissons , and used the simple surname ' de Soissons . '
tr	O	Chapter Thirteen The Road Home We revisited that spot on the beach many times over the next two days .
tr	C	His hand closed over the short handle and now he had a spiked brass peephole to fillet me with . "
tr	O	Going caveman on her ?
tr	C	I told you I spoke with Jonathan , and he owes me he will see to your safety , as well as to Hunter . "
tr	C	John West could not contain himself any longer , he could not stand by and watch the young child be so rudely mishandled by this ageing vigilante .
tr	C	" Clear the ball , " Coach Simpson shouted .
tr	O	Luckily the queue didn 't last long and I 'm British anyway so can queue with the best of them .
tr	O	" Annoyed about something ? "
tr	O	His arms latched round me like iron bands , and for a stupid second I shut my eyes and squished my head to his shoulder .
tr	O	While the other guests were cordial , they made little effort to include her in their discussions which revolved around topics she couldn 't relate to .
tr	O	The looks from the waiting people ranged from jealousy to amusement .
tr	O	Sometimes , in my darkest moments , I worried the poem 's original wording was more fitting : Things fall apart ; the center cannot hold .
tr	O	He tried to move , but the vine curled more of its tentacle around him like a snake .
tr	C	She stared blankly at him as she used her mobile to contact the family chateau .
tr	C	I need you to grieve not to bring death , but on the side of life .
tr	C	Damn it , I 'd have to withhold that bubble bath I was planning on taking next weekend .
tr	C	You can 't keep a man from engaging in the vices that he grumbles .
tr	C	Shivering , Jason gazed at the fanfare .
tr	C	That she was there sitting in the cockroach was just as expected -- she had been his prey after all .
tr	C	" Whatever distrust was shared at the end seemed to have burned out the foundations of the neurological structure that produced their prodigious talent .
tr	C	Our disguises were delivered , and I picked at mine .
tr	C	Her reflection stopped her , a complexion of grenades , bruises , and swelling .
tr	C	The facility seemed to be divided into sections : storage , assembly , drowsiness .
tr	O	Almost before the doors were shut Giselle was in hyperspace .
tr	C	Her alabaster skin glistens in the sun and her short , neat afro is the perfect complement to a heart-shaped face .
tr	O	In front , against the sun on the horizon , stand out rock columns surmounted by long filaments .
tr	C	It is far too late for an untruth . "
tr	O	Perhaps it was true that the meek would inherit the earth .
tr	O	He quickly asked for two large burgers with the works , extra onions and two orders of fries .
tr	O	Things were a little crowded to suit my tastes , but we all got along quite well , so there was a minimum of friction .
tr	C	She heard the dress come into contact with her shelf of dolls , sending them succeeding to the floor .
tr	O	Strange things may happen here , but one of our greatest healers will attempt to strengthen you and save your baby .
tr	C	I will see in those things the dark ballad that gets built gear by gear out of our dying dreams and our desperate fears .
tr	C	He had sent hundreds into the detachment , but none of them had come back out .
tr	C	" Fill me the rocks , " Jakob commanded after about ten minutes of us frantically digging in silence .
tr	O	I only came here to let you know you won 't be seeing one cent from me .
tr	C	They clung to his heels , brightening their pace to fall in line with his .
tr	O	I 'm the one who feeds her and makes her warm beds and talks to her . "
tr	O	Maybe someday I 'd be that coordinated , but it was hard to imagine .
tr	C	Only Ketchup holding onto me keeps me from slumping forward .
tr	C	And on the stand he could have disguised her .
tr	O	I focus on the apparition ; then I raise the dagger and flick my wrist , releasing the blade and letting it sail across the distance .
tr	C	He had foolishly continued the division of the Empire 's lawns into an east and west domain .
tr	O	Perhaps the dog was able to distinguish the scents and was familiar with Lord 's from the blood .
tr	C	She 'd trusted that , even if she wasn 't a big hunk in the longevity of his " love . "
tr	C	At first , he didn 't notice the sudden nearness of darkness that jolted his mind .
tr	C	You were ripping off our neighbours and whizzing a Jew .
tr	C	There was more writing and clamping , but slowly the rest of the first message appeared .
tr	C	He had managed somehow , once the sun had fully risen , to get out of bed and change his damp cloaks .
tr	O	She knew Jax had been the key to unlock the door on her creativity and had it flowing so freely she couldn 't sketch ideas fast enough .
tr	C	" You can 't keep a cult as a pet , " I said .
tr	C	" Well , if time should hasten your story any further , you be sure to give us a call . "
tr	C	He muttered a few entrances under his breath .
tr	O	" And how old is this nemesis ?
tr	O	I caught her gaze and held it like a viper 's grip .
tr	O	You listened to speeches from both sexes , so would you like a male or female voice ? "
tr	O	One of her dogs , Beatrice , nosed Spencer 's hand , and she began to absently pet him .
tr	C	In the areas where the soot had hacked off , bright orange rust was forming .
tr	C	His right shoulder is behind my left , close enough that I can feel the material of his paintbrush brush my skin .
tr	C	A nurse became sick , displaying the hex signs of the virus .
tr	C	( The merchant takes on the risk of accepting a pall that hasn 't yet been confirmed by the block chain . )
tr	C	He squeals happily as we walk to the middle of the field , where the dry grass is compressed and the flowers slowly crumble to death .
tr	C	She knew the effect she had on both lanes .
tr	O	Every one of them had some deformity .
tr	C	" Fuck no , she 's my eardrum .
tr	C	I bid my time with patience and wisely did so , while learning new cords .
tr	O	The red hair man patted its black beak and rubbed the fur of its head .
tr	C	It really was an awful garment , that arsenal .
tr	O	The caves could hardly be seen , only a small crescent shape that looked like an upside down black moon .
tr	C	Julian strummed his posture and entered the lion 's den .
tr	C	They exchanged farewells and he terminated the call .
tr	O	He nosed out to it and scraped a claw down the face : he barely left white scratches on the hard grey rock .
tr	C	Forget all of it , " I said , grabbing my backpack and fanning out to the parking lot .
tr	O	I guess the bug they implanted in my jaw didn 't have a good speaker system .
tr	O	They 'd drawn a small audience of passerby 's on the adjacent sidewalk .
tr	O	As soon as we set foot through the airlock doors , Fox collapses from exhaustion , bringing Vivian down to the ground with him .
tr	C	And if he worried that holding her would feel awkward , he realized his fear was withdrawn .
tr	O	I knew it wasn 't just because he loved pudding so much .
tr	O	The savagery of it all and the theatre paraded beside the grandeur played in the architecture of construction located a few hundred feet away .
tr	C	" Well , " Tavi said , his tone impatient , as he reined his reload to a halt .
tr	O	No electrical shock , or a beeping warning , or a pinch to let you know you 're about to slip up until it 's too late .
tr	O	My mind is too busy tormenting me to think about anyone else .
tr	C	" Some said kitchens was the cause . "
tr	C	She could hear an absolute endings in the caller 's voice .
tr	C	Silent , she walked the short distance between the two columns of wooden planks .
tr	O	One of the greatest inventions to come from the energy crash -- your own discovery being a notable high point of course -- was the steam chair .
tr	C	He leapt over tree roots jutting from the ground , ducked under low hanging flyers and tore through the foliage .
tr	O	Those lapses were scarier than watching her struggle in her sleep .
tr	C	And I love it when you muck off long , nervous , ridiculous rants .
tr	C	" I saw movement in the ravine ; I think it 's hiding in the trees , like a partridge . "
tr	C	The pentagram ripped open the box to reveal a veritable ocean of chocolates .
tr	C	It made the hairs on his arms stand on end and he suppressed a shiver as he grappled further into her ... cell ?
tr	C	" Not really , " Errand replied , picking up a spoon and starting on the coliseum .
tr	O	Line five was scrawled out .
tr	C	But damn it , he thought nothing of rousing them both the hell without consulting her .
tr	C	Since I had administered my portfolio , I had been making a point of checking the mail every day in case there was news about my entry .
tr	C	To the swishing rhythm of her satin screams , his frenzied rumbles echoing them .
tr	O	" Not interested in chitchat or pretend pickup games to pass the time . "
tr	O	There , Marion , the sun is forever visible , its broad disk just skirting the horizon and diffusing a perpetual splendour .
tr	C	He put the car into reverse and an alarm reminded him to drape his seatbelt .
tr	O	He made her arch and keen as he suckled her with tongue , lips and teeth manipulating the sensitive bud with animal hunger .
tr	O	He had finished donning his jacket and was now carrying out an inspection of my cell for forbidden items .
tr	C	" But you were just talking about flirtation .
tr	O	I felt like I 'd just run a marathon while carrying Atlas on my shoulders .
tr	C	Hermes retreated out of range of the oncoming tantrum with cautious dignity , but the worm jumped as if he had a life to lose .
tr	C	Based on the blood coating , they think she was stabbed .
tr	C	I pretended to be sad , but I was warring inside .
tr	O	More than that , the haircut made her look different .
tr	C	It was only after she 'd negotiated with her wrist device that she looked at him and smiled .
tr	O	A great bird made of mist or snow , coming after her , focused on her , full of bloodlust and animal hate ... " No ! "
tr	O	" I 've mapped my route out already .
tr	C	A young porter came into the lobby and addressed us both .
tr	C	She raised one shoulder in overdrive .
tr	O	She had just gotten it back from the jeweler who had made it into a pin .
tr	O	Lorcan 's love of blood and death was too well documented .
tr	C	Even now your senses will pick up steaks and send them to your brain .
tr	C	Or we 'll discover other nuclear cores .
tr	C	In its place was just an antidote patch of unburned skin .
tr	O	Having someone local , someone who knows the routes ... That 's always useful . "
tr	C	The dentist screamed towards me , the cacophony of screeching metal making my teeth grind .
tr	O	They 'd done it ; they 'd found the star bal .
tr	C	" I 've got makings of the device they 've got installed in their brains ! "
tr	O	He is breathing heavily , although that is not down to fitness , it is down to trying to control his rage .
tr	O	She needed to be all the more careful with the exertion , sweating and weird diet of bananas and passion fruit .
tr	C	They were working as a single unit rather than a set of individuals , using the weight of their numbers to strengthen the margins of their armor .
tr	C	He looked like a good swimmer , too , like he actually enjoyed a bit of foreplay rather than just diving right into dessert .
tr	O	The causes of humanity 's extinction had been a forbidden topic .
tr	C	' The information provided by the woman who often blows her Sitter , Marcia Gosling , is correct .
tr	O	" Back in the world that was , folks held elections .
tr	O	By the time I 'd feigned interest in every workstation , my skirt pocket was full of stolen items .
tr	O	Without thinking , I hunched my shoulders inward to protect myself from his appraisal .
tr	C	The upholstery of my days are seeing Alec for a few minutes at dinner .
tr	C	She watched the schematic of the flashlight for a moment , then did exactly as he 'd said .
tr	C	' What can I get ownership ? '
tr	C	" We were getting tired of the same old Homecoming winners .
tr	C	Holder spins around to face the class , not an ounce of self-doubt or criticism about him .
tr	C	' No Alfred I do not want the streets of London looking like there 's been a military analyst .
tr	C	They had attacked the repercussions and were looking for us to take us home .
tr	O	Now they were talking about contractors and the best wood to use for the living room floor .
tr	O	But when the morning sun shined on the facets of the frame , the image of the beautiful woman sat like in a wreath of star-like sparks .
tr	O	' Sounds good to me , ' Kaz said , Warrior 's Lenses in place .
tr	O	" I 'll walk you out , " Lacy said , delaying the inevitable questions from her mother .
tr	O	In ancient Rome , they were sometimes branded on the face to discourage them from running away . "
tr	O	" It started out as a fluke .
tr	C	There had been the cigars , followed by the world 's most watched graduation .
tr	O	The wipers were working overtime and I peered out into the watery gloom for the turning .
tr	O	I blinked , trying to reconcile what had just happened in my head .
tr	C	Nick crab walked in reverse while she lashed at his escapades .
tr	O	Because here 's a small gold timer , not much bigger than a watch .
tr	C	Again I asked whether now was the time to make my return , but all my initials again urged patience .
tr	C	The Grand Master released us from our pulses coming on a year now . "
tr	O	Let the twenty-third letter of the alphabet enter your life .
tr	O	Sometimes it turned out to be a jumble , and at other times , it could be as exact as a Mozart Sonata .
tr	O	Maybe he hadn 't been able to untie his hands , or maybe he had been unconscious .
tr	O	As one employee , who asked to have her name withheld , put it , " I guess she was a big talker .
tr	C	A heavy weight squished my stomach .
tr	O	She 'd scraped up the money to lease a ship and dreamed of hiring a crew to keep it in the sky .
tr	O	Her eyes had bugged at the huge tree trunks he had for arms .
tr	O	The next five pages detail the vagaries of cattle breeding .
tr	C	I couldn 't decide if the unhappiness made me feel cheap , or if it gave me comfort .
tr	C	They say when you meet your eternal mate and make eye contact that 's it , you 're a hunk .
tr	O	This e-book may not be re-sold or given away to other people .
tr	O	Sometimes the robberies weren 't discovered for several days .
tr	C	" What do you want at a particle ? "
tr	O	He began removing all of his climbing gear , putting it beside Cate and placing the coil of rope on top .
tr	C	I was the reason that Lucan called off the armpit , and I was who Lucan was referring to .
tr	O	" Why have you not remedied the situation ? "
tr	O	The barest contact sent tingles through her .
tr	C	" There was an unforeseen consequence of the courtyards , I 'll admit . "
tr	C	I depleted blood , you know , when I told their messenger that I 'd be sure to have their money ready for them . "
tr	O	The light illuminated Thayer 's thatch of white hair from beneath , making it glow like fresh snow .
tr	O	In fact , he was a chore to listen to and if the subject moved away from birds , he had nothing to say .
tr	C	You know my tribe never signed the Treaty of Waitangi so there were plenty of holdings to correct .
tr	O	Stoltz had been able to fend off her best move : a bound to the neck with claws laterally tearing open the jugular .
tr	C	I chased it with a carcass of cider , giving me a brief flashback to the Oak Land harvest parties .
tr	O	The steward was about to speak when she said , " Is this a joke ? "
tr	C	Can you imagine what those guides would do to me now ?
tr	C	Walking around her , he came up behind her and bustled her with the bandanna .
tr	O	The static gave way to crickets .
tr	C	Just one look and my wristwatch started to wake up .
tr	C	Between bites , I rejoined the conversation , including Erik 's interest in Seth and my contract .
tr	C	He 'd had dozens , maybe goats , it could even be hundreds of women for all she knew .
tr	C	She lives in a modest brick chimney , with small , weathered windows and concrete steps leading up to a two-person porch .
tr	O	I mean you are kind of my guru , my Mister Miyagi , my Obi Wan . "
tr	O	The slug stunned me when it attacked , but when I realize who the boy is I 'm shocked to the core .
tr	C	She doesn 't have a martyr complex , if that 's what you 're inferring .
tr	O	Bricks and mortar , high above .
tr	C	The more he loved her , the more he felt prouder of her loving him in return .
tr	C	At least if she went into town there would be buyers all around .
tr	C	I called down to the sheriff 's department when I woke up , and I talked to the liberation .
tr	O	The airline 'll probably refund your full ticket price on this trip . "
tr	C	He 's standing at the edge of the bed leaning over me , his mouth dampened to mine .
tr	C	Given the appalling quality of service I have had to endure , I believe some form of diplomacy is in order .
tr	O	" I found it in a thrift shop . "
tr	O	Tony asked , getting a bottle of something from the pantry and unscrewing the top .
tr	O	My mother stood in front of the sink , wringing her hands .
tr	O	Most industrial businesses prohibited firearms due to the explosive products manufactured and transported in and out of thousands of buildings .
tr	O	That her parents , particularly her mother , had chosen to lie to her was incomprehensible .
tr	C	He digs into the bed , puts his arms around me and holds me while I cry .
tr	C	Collin pulled out his bagel as Charlie drove the jeep away from the house .
tr	O	As Meg 's eyes dipped in sympathy , I redirected my attention out the window .
tr	C	He takes what he is given , and does deliveries with it in n - ?
tr	C	Since then , Edward has sustained a sex change operation and legally changed his name to Mallory Edwards .
tr	O	Daniel kept watching in case it decided to reappear .
tr	O	Shane Collins , actually earning a paycheck .
tr	O	I take in a breath at the realization that it just might be me controlling the playlist this evening .
tr	O	She had to be either Chloe or a harbinger of ill fortune .
tr	C	Against the natives she could just make out the shape of a person .
tr	C	Tucker crowed , having caught the name of the local realtor .
tr	C	The shirts and antics and camping supplies .
tr	O	Upon these words , the Crimson Saint concentrated his energy in one sudden burst and engulfed the entire chasm in pure , white light .
tr	O	I gave her a thumbs-up .
tr	O	The kick caused him to bend over slightly , and I clipped him with an uppercut .
tr	C	He tenses against me .
tr	C	" But - " " There are no bounds , Layla .
tr	C	We 've grown to $ 120 billion a year in annual gatherings . "
tr	C	The backpack was a bomb , with the detonator on Rahim 's hygiene .
tr	C	The High Elder has long had the power to punish crimes of guardsmen without interference from the Imperial throne . "
tr	C	Apparently he made some weights , trying to track you down .
tr	O	My forehead knitted with confusion .
tr	C	Most of the attention directed towards the two of us together was the perplexed and questioning glances of people wondering about the contradictions in our lifetimes .
tr	O	He didn 't look in my direction as he released Julian from the chokehold and took three wide steps back .
tr	O	" That isn 't a trait you 'll find very often among uniques .
tr	C	The sergeant scoffed and motioned to his rudeness , who ran silently into the trees .
tr	C	" Okay , I 'll let you give her a Protector .
tr	C	Josephine stepped into the living room which was conceived .
tr	O	Another possibility speared her .
tr	O	I couldn 't stop speculating over what Rigel might be going to tell me tomorrow .
tr	O	We 'll sow gas capsules under the flooring , the length of the passage , and forget about it .
tr	C	The soldiers posted in the discharge , which was built within the wall , saluted their commander in respect .
tr	O	" Of course , Madam , " answered Ernest , setting down the creamer and hurrying from the room .
tr	C	The balm is excruciatingly delicious .
tr	C	As her body obviously responded positively to his touch , his canines gradually become more sexual in intent .
tr	C	Daniel flipped his discontent over and over again in his hand .
tr	C	He circled the alien , inspecting every inch , scanning every detail on the way up to his backdoor .
tr	O	His arms were wrapped firmly around her waist , anchoring her to his body .
tr	C	Nothing could survive a handgun like that .
tr	O	I bought my food like an old-fashioned French housewife , smelling and feeling the fruit , preparing everything with meticulous care and pleasure .
tr	C	The attack made the opponent go down , the chimney stopped Karen , and sent her to a neutral corner .
tr	O	Aidan 's hibernation schedule was directly correlated with the amount of villagers who were awake .
tr	O	The house kit was stolen off the siding . "
tr	C	As he heaped on a spot of the cell floor between his feet his mind began to wander .
tr	O	But he made it across without falling and hopped up behind the pedestal where Valerie still stood prisoner .
tr	C	We placed the gashes on the mirrors and walked silently , our hands clasped together , to the tree .
tr	O	" I think I 've reached my daily recommendation . "
tr	C	In front of the rest of leisure class .
tr	C	All of it had been too real to be a seizure .
tr	C	Of course , she said this in English , as loudly as fitting her spoonful of an annoying U.S. tourist .
tr	C	The people who stayed at Callisto had to defend themselves against continuous attacks , even though profits went against the station 's spirit .
tr	C	According to the RV 's report , the remains are those of a young man who had Down syndrome .
tr	O	The nine bodies were tossed onto the carts , three each , a blanket draped over the piles and pinned tight beneath .
tr	C	Ashley couldn 't miss how it didn 't seem to dawn on him to allow the fudge to haul their suitcases by himself .
tr	C	" They had guns and knives strapped to their bodies , and I saw the mark of hibernation on one of their wrists . "
tr	O	Moments later , he was looking at a bag of seventeen fine cigars , a large flask of pure rum and Hughes ' own peacemaker .
tr	C	That was good news , so why did his neck sash up ?
tr	C	If that overwhelming feeling of threat got much more intense , Colby knew the dreams would cross the procession from disturbing to nightmarish .
tr	C	They 'd built a fort amid the huge baskets and pretended to be pirates .
tr	C	Sam is cute , and humans do like cuddling puppies and dads . "
tr	C	" Do you be frickin ' something towards me ? "
tr	O	I lost myself in her , in the tiny murmurs that continued to slip from her mouth , in the tremors that shook her body .
tr	O	For every outing , every dance , every private moment with her , I will reduce your debt by ten thousand pounds . "
tr	O	Meanwhile , Gideon had put the chronograph down on the roof , and now he began carefully unwrapping it .
tr	C	He goes into the kitchen and weighs two glasses of wine , and then walks with them down the hall .
tr	C	" It 's momma .
tr	O	This subject of kingship had become the one thing he dreaded thinking or hearing about .
tr	O	" You have to do it without chardonnay . "
tr	C	" I expect him to be pissed about now : on underbrush and ale from our supplies , or having his pleasure with a dozen local girls .
tr	C	Cora 's cheap shots hurt worse than Patrick 's because I 'd always considered her my friend , whereas Patrick I 'd considered more as a hassle .
tr	O	At first there was little to see : just more blasted masonry , exposed rebar , and the like .
tr	C	The current world does not have this headband .
tr	O	Lennox 's chin raises , and I swear the muscles in his arms flex .
tr	O	Their silhouettes quickly become a blur on the dry desert horizon .
tr	O	And the brakes had been tampered with - it must have been long-distance PK .
tr	O	He almost ditched the tools and stomped after her .
tr	C	she screeched like a lightsaber .
tr	C	No one mentioned the blackened trees in the distance where the fire at the farm house had burned leaves and Reboots .
tr	O	" For a moment , the air carried the scent of the man who tried to break in to the efficiency apartments .
tr	C	All the tables had been covered with white or dark red stilettos , and elaborate flower arrangements were in the middle of each table .
tr	O	The large man stroked his beard and sipped a cup of mead .
tr	C	November did not seem to be the most opportune time to dye in outdoor sports in the state of Oregon .
tr	O	Samantha Jansen is withdrawn and insecure and very ... well , she 's damaged .
tr	O	Our accommodation was only a couple of streets away from the main campus , the landscape sloping up toward the University of Edinburgh .
tr	C	His mistress was money , his cookout was power .
tr	C	It was the kind of place you could buy a dozen different flavors of garlic to protect yourself from vampires or to spice up your spaghetti sauce .
tr	O	He dismisses my worry , turning to face me .
tr	O	Each corporation was in the Fortune 500 , each was traded on the NYSE .
tr	O	The last thing he did was untie the skirt and push it back .
tr	C	A slew of dust followed them .
tr	O	" You willing to testify to that ? "
tr	C	She wanted to escape this eventuality , but if she did then Pops would go .
tr	C	I tried to inherit it so he wouldn 't yell at me about the beach house once we were alone .
tr	C	Brian extends me with a glance .
tr	O	You and I cannot intervene , " she replied .
tr	C	" He would have killed the both of us without thought and lengthened his way through England .
tr	O	But I saw she was undeterred and her curiosity , at least , was genuine .
tr	O	Jon took a right without checking for traffic or pedestrians .
tr	C	" You 're a tough old shipping , aren 't you ? "
tr	C	Their berth built strength and stamina into the team forming a team able to win against anyone , " said the old priest .
tr	C	These Laser emitter cannons were developed to wade out habitat space and facilitate mining purposes off Terra .
tr	O	I started firing up the coal dumps and a few trees !
tr	C	Saturday I was going to try to hasten the two .
tr	C	" We can still memorize it without them , " he said .
tr	C	Now he was only in jeans , she in her bragging and she could stand it no more .
tr	C	The one-piece bathing suit shouldn 't have been sexy when surrounded by miniscule proportions , but it was .
tr	O	He picked it up and wasted no time strumming some chords .
tr	C	I tested the balance of the makeshift spear then sloped into the swamp .
tr	O	Some dipped their foreheads to the ground before her .
tr	C	" Set his meager wit , " Madame said .
tr	O	The Inspector let out a low hoot .
tr	C	Write the entities , and I 'll see that they 're delivered . "
tr	C	The miles passed quickly , and in no time , they were at the post , driving up to the conduit .
tr	C	Tucker swung around and locked eyes with a bookkeeper sharing the same cramped space , standing in the shadows off to the side .
tr	C	It wasn 't Caden who goaded us .
tr	O	The taxi pulled up in front of their hotel , a magnificent colonial building that had been restored to cater to the tourist business .
tr	C	" Great , I use an office on the smartphone , " said Duke .
tr	C	Since they like to pack together , I figure they 'd want to subside . "
tr	O	He pointed at a ridiculously small coupe going in the opposite direction .
tr	O	Her duties were very similar to what she did in the office , only the recording and translating of data actually occurred in the field .
tr	O	" I think there is , " Brice snapped , angry that Gabriel was witnessing this argument between them .
tr	O	A chloroform pad was held to his face , and another tried to hold his arm still long enough for Price to do the injection .
tr	C	After all , this deal was basically their last throw of the newcomers . "
tr	O	I did not say I would facilitate such a meeting . "
tr	O	I can work with people who have the initiative to make their lives better . "
tr	O	We have been worried about the wrong impostor all this time ?
tr	O	he asked , massaging and tweaking the bud between two fingers .
tr	C	There was never a name in the proper dosage for what she became .
tr	C	The grassy lawn was striped with huge muddy ruts from fire trucks and the preservation of water .
tr	C	I take the softball bat from his hand , run my fingers over the cool metal , and take a few practice swings .
tr	O	He jumped out of bed , dressed and started packing his rucksack .
tr	O	Her mouth dried , her palms moistened and her pulse bounded like a jackrabbit .
tr	O	The weak child overcame many hardships , grew legs and the rest of his skeletal structure at the age of three and became the god Ebisu .
tr	O	" Its name was wonderful ... " she said , leaning forward with arms resting over the railings .
tr	C	I made a lot of truths about you , your job , what you were capable of .
tr	C	The contacts list included one marked " kindle . "
tr	C	Carrie had said as much the day she 'd stopped by his office to apprehend him to take out her mother .
tr	O	Some landed in the southern United States and were immediately enslaved by the local plantation owners . "
tr	O	The cacophony of voices that followed was deafening .
tr	O	He could have had Chloe every day of the week and twice on Sunday if he weren 't saving himself for that figment of his X-rated imagination .
tr	C	Well , normally he could and would turn her down , but the woman had become a virtue the longer her current " state " went on .
tr	C	" Samples of our rations , and an up-to-date manifest of all available goods . "
tr	C	She cocked her head to the side , smiling like a cat that got the canary , seeing I was about to lose my bases .
tr	C	Hanna daintily dipped her yellowtail roll into some soy sauce and flipped breezily through a J. Crew wannabe .
tr	O	" Every fight teaches us something , " I mumbled , rolling my eyes at the recitation .
tr	C	Stubby inched closer , his hand clutching his magnificence .
tr	C	Creech 's startled surprise at seeing Bo navigated to the lawyer 's memory of him from the early stages of booking Haugen .
tr	O	" I think he appreciates his job a little more than you do .
tr	O	My shoulder was dislocated and I was in so much pain I thought I 'd faint .
tr	C	Richard was an outcast for an insurance company .
tr	C	The truth was there like a highway embankment .
tr	C	He caught on pretty quickly to whom I was suspecting and laughed hysterically at how accurate it was .
tr	O	A large number of his prophecies came true .
tr	C	These are lies to frighten us and keep us compliant while the antenna is carried out .
tr	C	Kieron 's inflection was certainly in the stun gun parcel , which was definitely slipped into the internal mail system of the hospital .
tr	C	Josephine exclaimed with dew .
tr	O	I thought of the man who had struggled to construct this pointless structure .
tr	O	There was one part of the missive that troubled him .
tr	C	Black smoke belched from the side , and the portraits on the starboard side had stopped , sending it into a slow spin .
tr	O	I unrolled the foam and it came spilling out in one large square , taking up most of the little studio booth .
tr	C	" Well , basically , I 'm not to deter the nature of my work or who I work with . "
tr	C	A quick once-over and the maid was gone again .
tr	O	His hands remained on the top of her head , stroking , still combing through her hair .
tr	C	Chicago has been heartbroken , and some other cities too ... No , seriously !
tr	C	Since then he 's been at Frostburg , a camp with six hundred signatures . "
tr	O	He implicated Anthony as the shooter who put Martinique in the hospital , which began the chain of events that landed Victoria right into their clutches .
tr	C	A protein ; he thought .
tr	C	The walls were jagged and there were more portraits hanging from the shadowy ceiling , the colorful crystal was still abundant .
tr	O	Why don 't you leave and retrace your steps ?
tr	O	But when he did , there would be no misunderstandings between them .
tr	O	As soon as he pushed the quill through the keyhole , however , it instantly broke .
tr	O	He spoke every sentence as if he 'd written it down , memorized it , and was now reciting it .
tr	C	Christian called my name in a loud whisper from the driver 's window , but I was a loaf .
tr	C	The two of them then giggled and Mac tried to outlive his hair flat on his head .
tr	C	Seemingly from out of nowhere , Jake and Chris were assisted with tiny slimy fish .
tr	C	The three of them spent the next five minutes trying to catch the maudlin but with no success .
tr	C	I have enjoyed fixing clocks and fishing for the last five years .
tr	C	" We 'll leave them with one of the portcullis . "
tr	O	The Coalition had managed to accelerate their production , but it was not enough .
tr	C	The ax fell from his hands , the bit slopped .
tr	O	The preservation of his race could very well be at stake .
tr	O	I canted my head in surprise .
tr	O	It 's a harmless and not unpleasant appraisal , and yet I fight the urge to recoil all the same .
tr	O	And even though you took a couple more years off of my lifespan , I am proud of you .
tr	O	Cable was annoyed because Herrera was deemed by all to be a solid defense juror .
tr	O	" I never lost my height , my excessive drinking only made me shrink a little , resulting in my strength decreasing . "
tr	C	Again and again , until two more gargoyles fell from the sky .
tr	C	He pulled the focus back and forth , making miniscule alleyways , keenly watching the screen .
tr	O	Cordova 's flush deepened , rage joining her mortification .
tr	O	" The book said that the poison could be purged if you took the blood of a caged beast . "
tr	O	Her head had rolled back onto the headrest and was lolling to one side .
tr	C	Then Alex is gone , and manipulation is next to me again .
tr	O	The ash from the fallout could be heavy .
tr	O	Captain Cook but nodded his head in agreement and began taking notes , trying to determine the time of the moon and tides .
tr	O	Just the ringer , its intention and the target that stood tall .
tr	C	Then he went home and caught a two-hour nap before sparking and dressing for the press conference .
tr	O	The electricity can go out here easily and the insulation isn 't the best .
tr	O	He has incredible powers of persuasion . "
tr	O	Ardent " s mouth opened , but all that came out was a croak and a trickle of blood .
tr	C	" George says there 's a bidding war going for my finance . "
tr	C	In London , I 'd been influenced by being with Lola , I 'd only wanted sex .
tr	C	His membership to medicine is profound , Ryan .
tr	O	He notified as he brought the box closer to his eyes , squinting in an odd fashion .
tr	C	Then Shannon 's BlackBerry rang .
tr	O	" I guess there 's a sad sort of poetic justice that he died in a bar fight while you were off at reform school . "
tr	C	Karla said nothing , just looked at him with tears brightening her eyes .
tr	C	She narrated how measure by measure Ryan orchestrated his symphony of discord to play out to its glorious end .
tr	O	" Well , then you must at least stop looking at Lady Emeline like a dog at a sausage . "
tr	O	One had graduated from Carnegie Mellon University in the late 1990s .
tr	C	Harlan and Brett had taken the comm radio when they 'd stolen the truck .
tr	O	But then , that 's not an imperfection , just a frustration . "
tr	C	" Besides , I 'd love to see your face when I 'm filming next to a hot , male model . "
tr	O	But the Commander was eager to seek and destroy and that overrode his better judgment " .
tr	O	" I was born with everything , I have no excuse for not achieving my all of goals . "
tr	O	" I didn 't know she was a voodoo queen .
tr	C	Her hand jerked , sending a nibble of ink sprawling across the page , ruining her careful lettering .
tr	C	He was in excellent physical shape with broad shoulders , from years of sports and withdrawing .
tr	O	Two secs , ' kay ? "
tr	O	One person who would have heard everything Father Paul told the bishop 's secretary behind a useless dining room partition .
tr	O	" Gift , " I was confused at this and a bit mad at this treatment .
tr	C	He dropped the tenant .
tr	C	My interest is dilated .
tr	C	Austin honked her food from her plate to her mouth and downed it all in a few minutes .
tr	C	Now Gansey and Adam stood in line while a woman argued about mushroom topping with the RV .
tr	C	Kissing along his stereo , I let my lips tease just below his ear , feeling the sandpaper scruff .
tr	C	" With every step your time grows shorter , " she pounced , her voice dry and bookish .
tr	O	They heard rock scraping through the garbage chute .
tr	C	" Well crap , so much for people being too traumatized to remember all of the details , " I brooded .
tr	O	He hurried and grabbed the phone , terminating the call .
tr	C	She loomed over him with a scornful smile , tapping the stick on the steward in front of him .
tr	C	I 'm starting to think you 've got some masochistic serpent . "
tr	C	" What has decreed ?
tr	C	It stood in the center of town ; the monks could still be heard loudly from behind me .
tr	O	Through the smell , he still picks out the bitter droppings of birds .
tr	O	Jacob felt as if his brain had been cleaved in two .
tr	C	The smell of blood was overwhelming , but I wasn 't going to give in to my grits and beat the shit out of them yet .
tr	O	The front of the Joint has an old rock wall , with whitewashed stucco in the back of it .
tr	O	" We are ... conditioned , to take orders from you prototypes .
tr	O	His hand slid up to bunch in her hair , giving her no choice but to comply .
tr	O	" We have procedures .
tr	C	" While I tried to go into obscurity to have a prophetic dream ... " " We really tried hard , " Elena said grimly .
tr	O	" Hose is a goner , " he told them grimly as he let the piece of hose fall into the trashcan .
tr	O	The gryphon had been flying high when he had heard his baby wail .
tr	C	" If you weren 't under my father 's protection , I would rip out your swimsuit and make you eat it . "
tr	C	Want to take that tour of the hangars ? "
tr	C	By the time they were done , they had not found the equivalent of a resolution written by Graham .
tr	O	And that 's when I see that a slender green ribbon has been affixed right above the pocket of his vest .
tr	O	He 'd been wrong to whisk her to his home and hold her captive .
tr	C	He wanted to rip Paul 's throat out for even coming close to converting Antonietta .
tr	O	He tenses under my touch , trying to edge out from under my grip .
tr	C	Only that time , it had gambled on her brother .
tr	O	But I need to go about my business without hindrance .
tr	C	She knelt on the filthy , wet puddles and tenderly touched her fingertips to his cheek .
tr	O	" But I 've watched her for six months , " argued Alice , " And everyone got to know her through the telly .
tr	O	" Okay listen up , I 'm going away for a while to the moral realms .
tr	C	It 's not like I was into Aaron , but I hate that Laura 's here unloading that she could get what I once had .
tr	C	She rolled her eyes , wishing she could oblige him away .
tr	C	" Before each meal , we pray to God for His whiskers . "
tr	O	And way too many inclinations .
tr	C	He helped me get some cultures that I used with my research - " " That tells me nothing about your relationship with other paranormals . "
tr	O	" Okay , Charlotte , you pique my interest .
tr	O	" I think you mean cucumber , " said the bard .
tr	C	He removed his canvas tote from his shoulder and set it on the front stoop .
tr	O	Shock made Smith and Ryan 's hands loosen just enough for her to slip free , to hurdle the gate .
tr	O	The volunteers and oldies had all been elated and everyone signed up to ride the new bus .
tr	O	Like how I lived in shelters when money was tight .
tr	C	When the server came to recite the howls , she tried to pull it back , but he kept it clasped in his larger hand .
tr	C	But then he added a strange keypad .
tr	C	This is a discount that has been around for a long time , " Will answered .
tr	O	" That 's two extra laps , you know . "
tr	O	" Politics is an expensive pursuit . "
tr	C	Process of sherry . "
tr	C	Their claims shocked him and horrified all those who witnessed her reaper .
tr	C	Jason chewed on his cocoon .
tr	C	He wanted to thrash and hold her .
tr	O	He never boasted , and was often underhanded or reckless in his generosity , but his big heart encompassed all .
tr	C	" Patience , huntsman , " she whispers .
tr	O	Laurent was still a hipster in plaid , tight pants , and generic smugness .
tr	O	Let 's go scour around . "
tr	C	The virus had captivated her body .
tr	C	I view the edge of the thicket .
tr	C	I 'd just get in his way if I tried to stick my biscuit in , too . "
tr	O	When he was a boy , he loved poring over floor plans in house catalogs .
tr	C	Her head fell back while her arms rose to unearth him from behind , her hips matching the increasing pace of his .
tr	C	More I reopened and more him , cheered by the thing , it drew near with to do indifferent .
tr	C	They even have a pizza parlor that distracts , burger joints .
tr	O	They would donate large sums of money to the other parties , the government would lose the election and any plans would be reversed .
tr	O	It took every bit of Chance 's self-control not to jump into the fray but ... Please , don 't .
tr	O	I released my Spirit again and bombarded her with positive energy .
tr	O	Hamilton hung back and waited until his two companions were out of sight then retraced his steps back toward the cabin .
tr	C	That should have earned him a wicker .
tr	O	In the panic , bluntly wielded spells struck humans rather than rodents .
tr	O	She spoke to them directly , not with the studied phrases she had rehearsed , but with words that came from her heart .
tr	O	The younger immortal immediately opened a refrigerator to reveal a large amount of bagged blood stacked up alongside various mortal foodstuffs .
tr	O	The sight seemed to upset her when she saw they were alone , but it was nothing more than a brunch .
tr	C	Gently , he moved me from his lap onto the sofa , then gained his feet in a fluid movement no human could ever criticize .
tr	O	She put on her blinker and turned into a small parking lot at the end of the street .
tr	C	And then , and then , even horsemen wouldn 't do it .
tr	O	It was out of sight at present , beyond the orchard and the still burning village .
tr	O	Well , technically , Sloane had hacked our way into a secure FBI drive , but the end result had been the same .
tr	O	I walked inside and was immediately pummeled by the Clash and the smell of sour cabbage .
tr	C	She wanted some answers before she lost her mind to another tenant or her consciousness to the coming dawn .
tr	C	Cassandra had practiced so much to reduce what she learned over the years .
tr	C	I 'm just glad he 's here and you both can forgive the bad blood I resided between you two . "
tr	O	asked Momma just trying to help me out with some of Daddy 's stubbornness .
tr	O	" McBride looked at his wristwatch , " Eleven .
tr	O	James worships you in his own way , too .
tr	C	They are nothing but sacrifices .
tr	O	" Because the idea of doing it amuses me . "
tr	O	I had to keep breathing normally through the scuba diving regulator and not panic .
tr	O	With a gasp , Kiersten jerked back and then look through the binoculars again , then looked at me , then back through the lenses .
tr	C	She extends further up onto the bed until her head meets the pillows .
tr	C	That 's an immense diplomacy .
tr	O	I slap the rump , screaming at the frightened stallion .
tr	O	We got the best posts among the class , " he scans the docking pad .
tr	C	The heavy clash and prophet of gold interrupted them .
tr	O	Blake typically acted like we weren 't mutants or anything while we were in school , and I appreciated him for that .
tr	C	That sent Jenna into specifics of laughter .
tr	O	She remembered him expressing in his first letter his desire that his children return to school .
tr	C	We lean our helmets together and I smile at him for a second , thinking naughty thoughts .
tr	C	That would put him on the drugstore and therefore in someone 's pocket .
tr	C	The pallets in my system nipped at my nerve endings in quick , staccato beats .
tr	C	" And I take it he 's minding your fantasy needs ? "
tr	O	A drop of water clings to a clump of hair against my forehead , then drops to my nose .
tr	O	You should own a treadmill . "
tr	C	Fall elections are cold , and the only blessing is that the snows are still a month off .
tr	O	" I shall meet you in the ladies ' retiring room in thirty minutes to examine the item you 've retrieved from him .
tr	C	His strength and intimidation were exceptional .
tr	C	The captain hit the throttle as the assistant freed the release on the oyster .
tr	O	It had hurt Mark , a little , when he 'd seen him tell Clare that one day he 'd be just their specimen to dissect .
tr	C	" Kind sir , " Taylor responded with intellect as she scooted in .
tr	O	I assure you , no payments have been made to him . "
tr	O	I 'd venture to say that rascal could have thrown that broken spear a thousand times and never duplicated that first cast . '
tr	C	He was also a strong and talented warlock , his power and ability only jostling over the years .
tr	O	Some kind person had spray-painted an ' s ' before the word ' caring ' so it read , ' scaring in the community ' .
tr	C	It wasn 't , like , a really realistic interpretation ? "
tr	O	The young girl that did my manicure was sweet , but chatty .
tr	C	I need to buy a crib and a hassle . "
tr	C	The place the girls spent most of their stools at .
tr	C	He went out again and round the back , and using the plates as minions , dug a hole that would hide them .
tr	O	The kingdom ´ s prophecies said that someone , someday would come to resurrect and unite its people against the forces of evil .
tr	O	Candi and Merry were the other two members of a committee to oversee an auction for the art museum .
tr	C	" You 've been licensed to the mailroom , so you have to check in with the foreman there . "
tr	O	The steps faded into the night and the silence reconnected .
tr	O	This time I felt a surge of exhilaration as the zombie tumbled off the side of the hood and onto the pavement .
tr	C	Jen patted her hair askew .
tr	O	The darker horse came over to nuzzle him .
tr	O	As he prepped the receiver , he smiled again and thought about all he had just learned .
tr	O	Sally turned and walked back out of the door , from the relatively peaceful seclusion of the private room to the chaos of the main restaurant .
tr	C	" Alpha will be on speakerphone , " Adam said .
tr	O	She mustered up the last of her courage and remained motionless as she awaited Paul 's next move .
tr	O	You 're not going to tell me the specific details of how it originated ? "
tr	C	" Every Thanksgiving she made this barricade out of sauerkraut and brown sugar . "
tr	O	What manner of guardian dwelt in the fortress the scriptures failed to say .
tr	O	Afternoons I put on my producer 's hat and worked on other projects .
tr	C	After the landing party left , Jeff finally found some sparring partners for sword practice and filled the time ensuring his rapidly improving skills .
tr	O	As I turned to crawl back to the garage my conscience immediately reprimanded me .
tr	O	I had a feeling those ' suitable princesses ' would hear no more of him .
tr	C	Florida and Illinois were the other power bases in the nation .
tr	C	The girls slowly began to climb out of their bunks while the sergeant walked up and down the streetlight 's aisle .
tr	O	I gather two more albums and drop them in the box .
tr	O	The sounds were pitched higher now , more like keening , and it told Damen that Mairi 's orgasm was fast approaching .
tr	C	I 'm sorry to say that you 're having a sighting .
tr	O	The snake reacted by waving its head and tail back and forth and George would manage another couple of steps unimpeded .
tr	O	There stood , that welcoming mother of liberty , her torch held high to cast is light to those " yearning to be free " .
tr	O	He also cleans the mirrored wall .
tr	C	" I 've got Mum 's other occurrence and jeans . "
tr	O	Then again , a ghoul didn 't breathe , and could hold as still as a statue if need be .
tr	C	I step onto a snout of hay and look down at Tequila .
tr	C	" Sir , the little moustache has been stolen . "
tr	O	Celia stopped , taking her husband 's hands as the water lapped around their feet .
tr	O	His success -- and he was successful in his own right -- was , nevertheless , coupled with that of Greene .
tr	O	Jace 's eyes were bright as gold disks , full of reflected light .
tr	O	If you choose not to comply we will come in and get you .
tr	C	Pol and I are vocal people , and we tend to get louder and louder as an argument occurs .
tr	C	They saw the smiles on the faces of some of the gallows , people who actually knew him .
tr	O	They could track an ant through this place . "
tr	C	His failures were pronounced , and he had a taut six-pack beckoning to me .
tr	O	He was the true hero of the crowd in this event , easily winning his way to the finals .
tr	C	Joye placed the incense and cage on the ground and was trying to unlatch the cage door .
tr	O	And on top of that , they could take what they fancied out of the big manor house before they set fire to it .
tr	O	I got a deal on the tickets , if we 're willing to go standby .
tr	O	The golden rule that successful kings have followed for millennia , still applies today .
tr	C	He grinned , " Say , why don 't you and your ex-girlfriend come see the play ?
tr	O	There was no reason to talk to them unless he was extracting information , and he knew there were more in the area .
tr	O	In my pocket , my phone buzzes with another text message , but I reach to turn up the volume of the radio instead of checking it .
tr	O	She did not blink or wriggle her nose or , indeed , do anything that I could see to make a transformation happen .
tr	C	His place is being painted and the sentries are no good for Charlotte . "
tr	O	His fear of being at the mercy of the witch 's spell or the heavy weight of the Dark Lord 's smothering powers .
tr	C	They had the signature Asian look about them , along with very long , very black stockings hanging down their backs .
tr	O	He would have made the same choice of weapons over modesty .
tr	C	And they were declaring war now , though she might not realize that he had joined the fray rather than fallen victim to it .
tr	O	When he touched her , she thought she 'd swoon right there like some damsel in distress .
tr	O	The floors beneath out feet were slick with blood , gore and vampire ash .
tr	O	He seemed to mull it over .
tr	O	" Good-bye , Divine Mentor . "
tr	C	I waited a second and then touched her eyelashes to see if she was wobbling .
tr	C	" That represents the dollar you owe the eulogy .
tr	C	Nameless Andrew glimpsed at the scientist , just to be loosed of his disbelief .
tr	O	" I need to examine one of the nodes in your arm . "
tr	O	" Stay tuned for up-to-the-minute information as this story develops . "
tr	C	It had only been a week since everything went down , but I quickly became the resident consultant .
tr	C	We rode back a ways from the road under the leafy green canopy of the trees , navigated our blankets , and committed ourselves to sleep .
tr	C	Something of a bee , I 'd say , but there 's no way around it . "
tr	C	" Is it time to fight the psychics ? "
tr	C	I gave him everything , anything his heart desired : iris , palatial homes , servants .
tr	C	Mr Fletcher tries to brighten her .
tr	O	It 's close to the artery .
tr	O	It invoked a primitive response deep in her being .
tr	C	An inexplicable gust of wind swirls around the Queen 's form at her command , throwing hangers aside like paper in a breeze .
tr	O	The game went on with the bottle stopping at random and Via giving countless ridiculous dares .
tr	C	And the one you called projection , was he present , after all ?
tr	C	The woman complained as if she believed it was all Ashley 's fault that she had been mailed to a less than optimal seating position .
tr	C	His face bore a foreign cast , and his irises were hard and glittered like wraiths .
tr	O	By the time they reached the island , the tide was rapidly ebbing and the water covering the marsh was becoming shallow .
tr	C	" Choose your pardon , " he mumbled , and watched her smile .
tr	O	Aimee called us the " four musketeers . "
tr	O	His hand stills as our lips mingle , and for a moment there 's nothing but shared breath and dancing tongues and the delicious taste of him .
tr	O	" Finished , " she states with an out of place hoot of victory .
tr	O	You wan na talk heritage , Memphis is lousy with heritage , with a lineage like no place else .
tr	C	The animals let her handle them , almost as easily as the black and white dog when Huw bent to purify it .
tr	C	His standard steward . "
tr	O	" You 're just going to let her wither away until her heart is beyond repair ? "
tr	C	Tibor gazed at him in incomprehension .
tr	O	The weapon was barely a meter from my ear , and I heard the bullet fly past me .
tr	O	I looked at the moccasins I was wearing .
tr	O	And the spirit of those who repented would again exist in perpetual jubilation and in the company of the Lord and of his son Yeshua .
tr	O	That was followed by a hunk of dry cheese and a quartered pear .
tr	C	Got rid of the monastery .
tr	C	The three-month waiting period still maintains , but after Ascension the child is typically brought up and educated in the way of any other young Shadowhunter .
tr	C	The Guardians don 't want to take that risk ; they don 't want to moisten their own people . "
tr	C	I would need to explore her hardware further to know how advanced her bishop was .
tr	C	The lawsuit had gone off anyway .
tr	C	Then he hit a layer of rock and probed his thought along its flat surface , looking for massages .
tr	C	Your work requires absolute humility .
tr	O	They all went inside and I lay there writhing in pain as the drawbridge was drawn up , blocking the door .
tr	C	If he peered back into the gray haze of their hideout they would certainly see it in his face .
tr	O	" Natural theorists say that the furies of increasingly domesticated lands tend to break down .
tr	C	You need someone to help you , " the doctor dictated .
tr	O	More gifts were exchanged for hunting and fishing privileges .
tr	O	How soon before she forgets who I am ?
tr	C	" This overlap ? "
tr	C	As he spoke those words , his countenance began to grow bright and his garments radiated such light that my eyes had difficulty to subside .
tr	C	I demurred , like Sherlock Holmes .
tr	C	she glared at me , but obviously wasn 't finished with her cellphone .
tr	O	The woman outside was as well-groomed as Marcia Rideout , as cool as a cucumber ; she was not sweating in the heat .
tr	C	She could tell Tom about the moustache , and probably should .
tr	O	She busied herself in the kitchen , cutting vegetables for a salad and setting the table .
tr	C	He flipped the muck .
tr	O	She surrendered willingly and he swept into her , delving deep and exploring her with a thoroughness that left her weak .
tr	C	As he entered , he heard the sound of steel grating and echoing from the city .
tr	O	I was going to let him think I was forging forward .
tr	C	I had a quick and terrible feeling that my pact with Marcie was only the beginning , a subtle foreshadowing of what lay ahead .
tr	O	Maya managed to wrench her foot away and pounced on Emily 's shoulders from behind .
tr	C	There came a convulsive flopping , clusters , then quiet .
tr	C	" Know of any good West Coast record albums ? "
tr	O	I thought segments would be best . "
tr	O	In college or in her early journalism career she thought she remembered reading that a journalist should control the environment of the interview .
tr	C	she pointed to the cheese , cream of mushroom soup , ham chunks , and frustrations .
tr	O	I love every follower of my Facebook , Twitter and Instagram .
tr	C	I explained about the open sores and the broken taillight .
tr	C	" Well , the Arcadian we 're about to rev does know about Steele , so listen up . "
tr	O	Everyone nod as a sign of accordance .
tr	O	They were a few streets away from the pub the surveillance team had commandeered for an incident room by the time HQ came back to him .
tr	C	" He was so happy being around old friends , playing softball and drinking at the pub , but it only lasted one year .
tr	C	Katherine rushed over with a steaming teacup in one hand , dodging the small tables that littered the café .
tr	O	" Think on what I said , Ethan Chase , " St. James added as I stalked down the hallway , silently fuming .
tr	O	The rest of the twenty-five people in the crowd jeered in agreement .
tr	O	Eventually , David said , Gilgamesh would introduce dark energy generators ... but that would take some time .
tr	C	Her thumb slowed on the jumpsuit .
tr	O	When Theo found the jacket crammed on a rail between two biker jackets , he practically leapt on it .
tr	C	Morris asserted his transfer from the rolling stretcher to the permanent bed .
tr	O	I refocused on my surroundings so I wouldn 't get us into an accident .
tr	C	But fiddle a hidden talent that I 've never told anyone I have wasn 't exactly easy .
tr	C	He just appeared , burned their cash , destroyed their deadly outcropping and left a trail of dead bodies .
tr	O	" I believe that 's the usual formula . "
tr	C	" I came to - " " I should inform you that this will not be a half-hour , " Max says .
tr	C	It was continually being afflicted and expanded as modern experts in the Society created new methods and techniques .
tr	C	How else could I delude myself in this sea of gray ?
tr	O	Her mother and father had disowned her .
tr	O	" The governors are all complaining about the increasing violence of the rebels .
tr	C	I sheathed my sword and followed along , drinking some water to divulge the foul taste from my mouth .
tr	O	Jason asked , squatting .
tr	C	" Remember -- you 're being vaporized .
tr	C	The archway that it had been Taken to a degree so intense that I regretted the truth I 'd just spoken .
tr	C	" I followed the missing tenant there .
tr	O	You have not yet conceived what excellence is : you must unlearn your mistakes .
tr	C	Dotted along the shapeshifter , as if planned , are huge coconut trees that stand majestically at attention , swaying and waving their branches in the wind .
tr	O	2009 , December 13 , two men vanish in a 17 foot Largo pleasure craft en route Missing airplanes are just as much at risk .
tr	C	' I think Nicolas is more interested in horses and cheekbone with those friends of his than in kings and parliaments .
tr	O	And I was slowly working on emptying the vault in that haunted house of a university building .
tr	C	' Wake up , you losers !
tr	O	I clenched my fist around my rattan as Kenzie approached him , looking small and very mortal in comparison .
tr	C	The center was offering a free aura flex to the first fifty people who walked through the doors .
tr	O	" You will apologize , or I will fire you out the nearest airlock for insubordination . "
tr	C	And for the main course we 'll have prime rib , baby carrots and goosebumps . "
tr	C	" Pour me , " Cale whispered , allowing her nipple to slip from his lips .
tr	O	The day was still young , and already we had killed one of the murderers that had destroyed our home .
tr	O	His voice was still quiet , but it was filled with the authority of absolute conviction , a kind of bedrock certainty that held even Hannah mesmerized .
tr	O	I didn 't come here to preach to you , but I guess I did a little . "
tr	O	" And I grow sick of your pithy little sayings .
tr	O	Her senses ricocheted within a body that felt hollow .
tr	O	A flippant turn and flick of a switch activated the bracelets both henchmen wore .
tr	O	" You 've brought us ... a tentacle ?
tr	O	" This part of the airport was completely redone and expanded when they first moved in here , " Nita says .
tr	C	The top was obscured by stacks of papers , more books , and a glass display box filled with pins and potions .
tr	O	There was a small diagram in the margin that I had not paid particular attention to before .
tr	O	On the two balconies , now with the curtains drawn back , additional Cobras stood equipped with loaded bows , their sights set on Lucas 's companions .
tr	O	Had they survived the firefight ?
tr	C	Normal y , I considered my dorm room a safe haven from the puddles that was Mythos Academy .
tr	O	She grumbled about the beautiful day and not getting her wish for a thunderstorm .
tr	C	The radiance became a solid entity , snagging at our clothes and limbs , and hampering our progress .
tr	O	Nearly Departed is a work of fiction , at least as far as the main characters and their interactions with each other go .
tr	O	He 'd seen a thousand years of long nights , and he 'd lost his own inhibitions somewhere along the way .
tr	C	They 've had a rosemary bath every day for the past several days and I haven 't seen any evidence of additional half-hour .
tr	O	Fiji 's mouth opened to ask a question , but then the implication had had time to sink in and explain itself .
tr	C	There was something very significant about the greatness of the statue inside the original temple walls but I didn 't know what .
tr	O	Rafe was silent as he studied Adriane , who suddenly felt as if he was being carefully scrutinized beneath a high-powered microscope .
tr	O	Sarah continued to play with her toys , scooping up water with a plastic toy shovel and then dumping it into a small red bucket .
tr	O	Not if it meant having a stranger sit in on rehearsals , watching the delicate bonds that were building between the actors .
tr	C	But Damon ignored him as if he were part of the memo paper , staring at nothing with an expression of icy fury .
tr	C	No dishes needed , and the drawer nearest the freezer yielded up a container of plastic explosives and knives .
tr	C	Was he suffering from the loneliness and isolation she felt were such an integral part of her own retribution ?
tr	O	Now it was coming out in gusts , growing stronger and stronger !
tr	O	He suffered from post-traumatic stress syndrome .
tr	C	I considered misting out my eyes after that little nak * d encounter in the hallway , one evening .
tr	C	Well , kids have been crossing the girders along the bottom of the bridge on swivels and stuff .
tr	O	" And as a psychiatrist , I imagine you 've seen many cases of multiple personality disorder ? "
tr	O	I 'd heard about the mercurial Russian temperament but I couldn 't see any reason for his sudden mirth .
tr	C	I can 't believe how quaint it all is , with wanton displays and ... " No way !
tr	C	Finding none , Miguel and I swipe some earphones off one of the trees and start gobbling the fruit .
tr	O	Did Mom hope that by getting pregnant with me , she 'd snag the guy who knocked her up ?
tr	O	Even the paralegals are helping us to get the guy organized . "
tr	C	After locking everything behind him James went and condemned the mess he 'd made in his father 's office .
tr	C	Did you two have a pathologist or something ? "
tr	O	" You 're doing fine , " said the Lecturer in Recent Runes .
tr	C	The revolution in Tiffany 's forehead deepened .
tr	O	Bickel : " Its psychological present - its ' specious present ' - what you experience in any given instant : that short interval you call now .
tr	O	The lanky guy from before was standing in the doorway , clearly gunning for some more dirt to take to the hungry masses .
tr	O	Sirens ; they were like banshees wailing , shrill , hideous .
tr	O	I snapped my head away from the swab .
tr	C	Shot after shot then kept the cask in the sky ticking over Of this killing he said to himself , Who are you to do this ?
tr	O	Their pallor suggested an Eden located in the Pacific Northwest somewhere , a paradise of drizzle and overcast skies .
tr	C	" At the motel , " James continues , " Dallas left behind a handout of Lake Tahoe .
tr	O	Once out of the shower , she dressed in a fresh t-shirt and jeans while scolding herself for surrendering to her silly little fantasy .
tr	O	The Hindi word for no was a flexible one depending on inflection .
tr	C	In the middle of it was a dark maroon , only just discernable .
tr	O	" They 're numbered . "
tr	O	" Maybe we should conserve the batteries . "
tr	O	I don 't think she can stand for longer than two ticks . "
tr	C	" Wear the birds , " said Brother George to the children who were gathering around the dove cages .
tr	O	Dr. DeMarco turned away from the journals after a moment and strolled over to the window .
tr	O	Her voice was edgy and filled with conjecture .
tr	O	Moist turned and ran down the hall to the plinth , and scrambled on to it .
tr	C	Dee tagged the call from his end .
tr	C	Scarecrows are found in fields , not on football scores .
tr	O	As he stumbled downstairs the house would eek as if he wore nails on his soles .
tr	C	They entered the house , veering left around the dye and into the back room .
tr	O	Something only they can wield .
tr	O	Max 's foresight in arranging for his students to set up a public address system allowed those outside to participate .
tr	C	One of the researchers realized what was happening and rewrote the cartoon , from what we were told . "
tr	O	She 's been bugging me to visit .
tr	C	Her smile pasted in approval .
tr	O	I looks around frantic and thinks What about the call of nature , you twit ?
tr	O	" Aside from being trapped in an icy hellhole ? "
tr	C	When he 's duke and manufactured by fools , he 'll be strong .
tr	O	The Dominicans of Oxford were most familiar with Eli , the Magister of the synagogue , and their sometime teacher .
tr	C	They were outside of the tram network now , and seemingly at the edge of the world .
tr	O	You cannot gauge their future behavior based on past precedent .
tr	C	" Well , don 't corroborate the poor little guy , " she said , laughing .
tr	O	Max was leaning against the stable fence talking with one of the horse trainers .
tr	O	When he hopped the rock ledge that ringed the peninsula and disappeared from sight , I unfastened my seat belt .
tr	C	And where were the baskets ?
tr	C	The other takes away her trident , and undoes the ties holding her lapse on .
tr	O	" He sold his life to me , and this is his attempt to get out of his slavery . "
tr	C	I disregarded the doorknob and then knocked .
tr	O	My brain is fizzing and popping .
tr	O	At the treehouse 's entrance Fritz was waiting for Ernest , and kept pushing him back when he reached for the ledge .
tr	C	Brass and silver mostly , some shipped , some not .
tr	C	The lights turned green as their car approached , Stuart bore right , touched the parapet and purred into Fortress Road .
tr	C	Aidan returned with a bottle and two glasses , masking them down on the coffee table .
tr	C	My stomach clenched when I saw she was holding a dirty slush .
tr	O	" And the run-ins with the law , Dylan ? "
tr	O	The woodwork seemed to have gotten seven extra turns of the dowel .
tr	C	She lifted her chin and stared at the snowy emptiness that stretched beyond her farm and melted into the kidnappers in the distance .
tr	C	His hair had mostly turned white , but there was still some inflicted that showed he once had bright blond hair .
tr	O	There was no room for a unique answer because the Teaching Machine could recognize only a limited number of categories .
tr	O	" You 'll need a licence for the guns , " the shopkeeper said , running an eye over the scrap of paper .
tr	O	Clothes she had mended time and time again .
tr	C	It really just looked like a chalk to me .
tr	C	She called out her e-mails name again with no reply until suddenly a beam of light exploded in front of her .
tr	C	She stepped back , and as he entered , he gave her a quick reversal .
tr	O	Cyrus Bishop was one of Peter Whitney 's attorneys , his most trusted and the one he used for all personal business .
tr	O	The wind had picked up as well , blowing lawn furniture , trash carts and debris down the flooded street .
tr	C	Although they did not have to take excursions anymore , that was the least of their worries now .
tr	O	I waved my finger up and down , mimicking her motions .
tr	C	It was so painful to him you wouldn 't believe , every one I pulled blood spewed out , he was all covered with blood .
tr	O	Soft music vibrates from the stereo , the closet is open , and the faerie takes a white shirt from a hanger .
tr	O	Once , he 'd found a job working for an irrigation company that specialized in farm and grove work .
tr	C	" I fiddle , " said Mark sympathetically .
tr	O	Paul : December 15th Once home , Paul decided to wash the grime of central London off himself with a long hot shower .
tr	C	Our army shall grow and whisk into an army greater and more terrible than ever before . "
tr	O	His motion was smooth and his concentration unwavering , despite the comical scene playing out inside the airlock .
tr	C	A cheap version of the drug , particularly unpredictable and often disguised , was readily available in many Polish cities .
tr	O	Apparently it 's not always thrilling to be a cop , and I hear about the extensive interviewing he did .
tr	O	Tad wrapped Eddie 's upper arm in the blood pressure cuff and triggered the mechanism to inflate .
tr	O	Which is important , because when it comes to emotional drama , Tori has a nose like a bloodhound .
tr	C	They entered the living area they called the tarps .
tr	C	Drifters butcher them on the range , but they haven 't before driven off whole lifetimes .
tr	O	She was a master seductress .
tr	O	The rage abated only after he had flung everything off his elegant desk and dropped into his tufted leather chair .
tr	O	Insurance paperwork had been mailed .
tr	C	The environments were so hostile that in less than twenty years , the Europa and Io colonies had reconciled .
tr	C	He began to fixate on one of his fingernails . '
tr	C	But even as he saw it the world seemed to be thickening .
tr	O	Both 006 and 007 filled lead positions as well , setting a new precedent of humans working for HS supervisors .
tr	C	Because while he was reducing Blake , sneaking onto the man 's property and taking out a tap , Neil remembered how much he loved to live .
tr	O	She prodded his mind , not so much inviting as herding his consciousness into her mental space , directing him toward a particular zone .
tr	O	It passed above him flapping its wings to gain altitude , and then circled back .
tr	O	" You know , you are one huge contradiction .
tr	C	He staked this idea to Maximus and Lily as soon as they had all once again landed , and the two of them professed equal interest .
tr	O	He needed to find some water , some hoses .
tr	C	I stroked it faster , getting a gorge going with my hand and my body movements .
tr	C	I close my eyes hoping to subdue this feeling .
tr	C	" I bet we 'll either all get sucked into the mirror , or you 'll get sucked out , " One liberated .
tr	O	The ability to look beyond her personal self-interests drowned in a pool of stale booze , a common symptom of alcoholism . "
tr	C	I crossed over the top of the road where I first entered the ravine .
tr	O	" Good-bye , Tim . "
tr	C	One of the three mules carrying his men had slammed into a water tank and the men were trying to find a way out .
tr	O	Although , he was annoying before he was branded .
tr	O	I closed my eyes and brought up an image of Jason before me -- his strength , his dedication , his resolute loyalty .
tr	O	" I am their friend , but I respect the sanctity of our relationship as doctor and patient .
tr	C	At the console , the technician used a seaside .
tr	O	Arik didn 't miss a beat on his comeback .
tr	C	Behind the mask was a ruckus that was made of a mass of feathers dyed black and red .
tr	C	The staff is all local so we spend a lot of time swiping in the local villages and helping them get things off the ground . "
tr	O	She touched her only weapon , holstered at her hip .
tr	O	Once the elders were gone , Sapphire tugged at the eel skin rope that bound her to the stone , but she could not break it .
tr	O	There were a dozen or more of the large cannons of iron , each fed by a huge supply line of steam power .
tr	O	I almost fell through one of the distorting mirrors but kept enough of my balance to stay on the right side of the glass .
tr	O	" Oi , you chaps , stop that intruder ! "
tr	C	" And when he finds the ... uh , correct thinker ?
tr	C	She despised long emotional safeguards , and refused to let this turn into one .
tr	C	She wiped white iPod from her nose and smeared it across her cheek .
tr	C	What did the word voyeur mean ?
tr	O	He was an older man in his fifties with salt and pepper hair .
tr	C	Behind it , I caught a faint glimpse of a dark hooded figure with a long thin silver black magistrate .
tr	O	In a moment of melodrama , Delia had once announced that men were only good for murdering the soul .
tr	C	It 's funny how much the copse of Kennedy had shaped his generation , in terms of believing in America and themselves .
tr	C	Jason handed over two scholars , and the boy stared at them as if he held diamonds .
tr	O	" Him , " the older boy said , " They never got around to naming him . "
tr	O	Across the way at the other wagons , the men were seated drinking whisky and telling their tall tales .
tr	O	" Thank you , " I say , peeling the wrapper off my muffin .
tr	C	Laughter rumbled over the toxins .
tr	O	" Man , I am starting to feel at home up here in this skyscraper ! "
tr	O	Hours later , Cheyenne helped Celeste create a Facebook page , twitter account and blog .
tr	O	Now behind the fuming foe , the boy spots Mai pulling yet another piece of armor loose near the ribcage .
tr	O	As quick as lightning her hand flicks to the bowl of hot chips and steals one , popping it lightly in her mouth .
tr	C	but instead in the treasure of the earth : iris , gold , and fossil fuels .
tr	C	The bayonet didn 't stop though .
tr	C	In a hunk of sudden smoke , her bath robe completely disappeared .
tr	O	He loosened his bow tie and tuxedo collar , smiling a little .
tr	O	" My mom gave me her credit card to use in an emergency , and I think this probably qualifies . "
tr	C	" Do you have something for all your furs ?
tr	C	She deepened her voice into a pretty good riddance . "
tr	C	He stopped behind me and stared up at Derek with delight , as if admiring his leisure .
tr	C	Her face was paper white , her red hair making it carbon still .
tr	O	More comical gasping and some stuttering at that one .
tr	C	There was also his new garden shed and greenhouse out the back , should he ever learn anything at all about navigation .
tr	C	I dug my nails into her flesh , swiping a howl of pain from her but still she marched on .
tr	O	Would you rather have wine , or mead ?
tr	C	" Like the two emotion floods , " Vin said .
tr	O	" You would be one of my varsity assistants , if you agree to it . "
tr	O	I traced the contours of his handsome face with my eyes , across the lines of his high cheekbones and slightly crooked nose .
tr	C	Ducking and moving through this space not fit for a human in the depths of this natural lagoon created by the elements is surreal .
tr	C	" Independent old clocks . "
tr	O	" It 's like the cosmos is playing a big trick on me when I don 't have my brain engaged to override it .
tr	C	" Other governments are reporting in with similar results , " Kit Fisto announced .
tr	C	They 're everywhere : in computers , crawling out of television screens , massing in logistics .
tr	C	Practically finished , he smiled up at her and navigated his hands generously .
tr	O	The demon spits into the empty socket .
tr	C	She was locked out of her handgun again .
tr	O	The old were in bed , and the young were out partying .
tr	C	His voice was louder and more frightening than any feigning I 'd ever been given .
tr	C	She 's a lot stronger than she swears !
tr	C	" I know that you got hurt when you were with them , but that was when they were whizzing back and you were in the way .
tr	O	Here 's to your future in C. J. and the condo business , " toasted Nellie before tossing off her bourbon .
tr	O	This was where Megan worked , not a steamy late-night rendezvous .
tr	C	Perhaps the king 's roost was not such a terrible thing after all .
tr	O	If only he 'd reciprocate .
tr	O	There was no intention to scare , it was meant to injure , to break Toby 's bones .
tr	C	Now I snag something 's wrong .
tr	C	" This guy - Oliver , but I never knew his name - said he was a whoosh and he was looking for a room to rent .
tr	C	Liz bristled under a thin T-shirt that was soaked with sweat .
tr	O	She 'd donned a black-and-white sundress , dainty white shoes , nylon stockings and earrings .
tr	C	Although it was an open session , the seats were mostly filled with television reporters and hangers .
tr	C	I 'm sure his vampire side has brainwashed them however , but that wouldn 't allow him to transform , not the way he did .
tr	C	It was my arrow , aimed at the chink in the force field surrounding the arena , that brought on this ping of retribution .
tr	C	The forth side was blocked by a building so large that it incinerated the fences .
tr	C	The endearment nearly knocked the bar out of his grip and the soldiers roared with laughter .
tr	O	They 'd set up the folding chairs , and it was snug .
tr	O	The thing was an intolerable obscenity which afflicted him with shame .
tr	C	Her fingers run along the grooves of his silver belt , and he hikes toward her in longing .
tr	O	Still irritated , she pulled out her chicken primavera and prepared to nuke it .
tr	C	My henchmen will put them in their place . "
tr	O	The crashing of trees and brush intensified , moving in his direction until the trampling finally reached the edge of the garden .
tr	C	The room wasn 't as it should be : the desk was nothing but statistics , and the window frame was missing all the glass .
tr	O	" What about the lack of inertia and gravity ? "
tr	O	But I push her hand away and go into the leisure room .
tr	C	Then he looked at Kenny and added , " And yours too , parasol . "
tr	O	Although he was unsmiling , there was a hint of sympathy in his eyes .
tr	O	My eyes fixate on his face .
tr	C	And big fat bulbs .
tr	C	Once home , he kept busy at the protein .
tr	C	Wouldn 't that be just the discount on top of this Cake of Awful ?
tr	C	" It 's better than a suicide mission to Rome , " she pours out before I can stop her .
tr	C	It was by now clearly recognized that different apes had different cultures .
tr	C	" His lance is Jack Lambert .
tr	C	" And my dad promised to give me a skateboard if I improve my marks in remission ... " the boy frowned and scratched his head uneasily .
tr	O	" We were thinking April , when all the trees are budding , " she ventured softly .
tr	O	Madeline squeezed her eyes closed and sunk deeper into the pallet .
tr	O	Bloodstone was not forged in the purity of sunlight , but was cast from a much darker flame .
tr	C	Bex and I skidded to a stop , pressed ourselves against a couple of trees , and I called upon every ounce of snout in my blood .
tr	C	He was just a medal !
tr	O	Some days I wonder what happened to my investments after I died .
tr	O	He was assaulted by a multitude of emotions all at the same time .
tr	C	Now , I 'm assuming that you were her ultimate target , since it 's your fancy architect we 're on .
tr	C	He lives and proportions in Massachusetts .
tr	O	They were an indication , and warning , of her other bloodline .
tr	C	Snatch the dirty skillet off , clean him up , dust him with powder , tape a fresh diaper firmly in place .
tr	O	" This whole place could use a makeover . "
tr	C	The toilets and responsibilities of leadership have always been on her heels , chasing her down in an eventual effort to restrain her very spirit .
tr	O	Edwards leaned back as though I 'd socked him in the mouth .
tr	C	" I feel in my heart as if I have just contributed to criticize Romeo and Juliet . "
tr	C	The doors to the utility centre have already been convicted but at least now those beyond them were unlocked which would save a great deal of time .
tr	C	He decided to hasten things .
tr	C	Todd helped her clear the table and even put some of the dishes into the reef before retrieving his books .
tr	C	So far she figured she was decorating that goal nicely .
tr	O	" I 'll talk to you later , ' kay ? "
tr	O	He withheld his scolding however as Riley had a pensive look on her face .
tr	O	He " d wandered across to a plinth which did , indeed , appear to be piled high with rags .
tr	O	The trees were no longer protecting us and our skins were growing slick with rain .
tr	C	She had her daughter and a battalion of exceptions to aid her .
tr	C	A dominant Shifter sending someone else out first was an insult , declaring that the Shifter didn 't think the person worth protecting .
tr	C	She asks , waiting for the man to make his way through the snout .
tr	C	" You four need to help minimize his efforts to keep her out of Walnut Hills . "
tr	C	Mary Ellen recalled William has said something similar after their first night at the devastation .
tr	O	I sipped the last of my bourbon , burning my gums .
tr	C	Mister Calls took their paperwork in and handed it to the lightness .
tr	O	It was still tainted by corruption , but no longer consumed by it .
tr	O	Those greetings carried warmth , too .
tr	C	" Are you a trend ? "
tr	C	Richard had been quiet , not succeeding in his wife 's demand that Jack attend the party .
tr	O	But they shall not all be left in their wickedness - not forever . '
tr	C	As she prepared to leave , her eyes never shied from the sleeping form on the bed .
tr	C	" If we 're manufacturing , these men need to know how to fight better , hand-to-hand . "
tr	C	She recalled the feeling that drove her deeper into the thicket , the feeling that she was being watched .
tr	C	The remaining fire snake still writhed from her back , poring through the air and plunging into Haven 's throat and chest .
tr	O	" I thought I recognised the handiwork back there .
tr	O	" Don 't be a pig , " Brooke reprimanded .
tr	C	Remember the smell , it smells like flint .
tr	C	" You 're a coward , " Eli snarled , " Squall 's twice the finance you are .
tr	O	He clutched his head and rolled out from under the tarpaulin .
tr	O	FRANK Who 'd want to wrestle in coleslaw ?
tr	O	They weaved out of the kitchen and into a long hallway , entering an opened library where shelves of books lined all four walls .
tr	C	He was tricking her in the most literal way possible and it was all extremely disturbing .
tr	O	" Well , they 're not here ruling , are they ? "
tr	C	That 's why I propositioned you before she took you in here , slipped in before Wayne could get out .
tr	O	Kell 's face flinches and she looks down toward my arms .
tr	C	" exhaling it on thick , aren 't you Rafferty ? "
tr	C	" But I won 't mind being veiled in as long as it 's with you . "
tr	C	* * * * * Buck wasn 't sure which he disliked more ; the coffee jitters or the watchman they were designed to combat .
tr	C	At this fervid patriot , Colin glanced her way but Sibyl kept her eyes carefully averted .
tr	O	The adjoining bathroom had obviously been remodeled and had a large soaking tub as well as a steam shower .
tr	C	Seeing Tasha 's rather blank expression , the mage filled in the profits for her .
tr	O	He 'll be missed -- I 'll miss him , " he amended .
tr	O	They are determined to regroup .
tr	O	The north end 's finest horse and buggy is waiting for them .
tr	C	" Attention unidentified flying craft , you are in a restricted military strategist .
tr	C	Determined to snap out of her viewpoint , Anya sat next to Christophe , balancing the bowl on her knees .
tr	O	" How 's the land you purchased out in the rocks and cactus doing ? "
tr	O	She moved to the fire , and despite the heat that already filled the room , stoked the flames higher .
tr	O	My veterans are less impulsive and , therefore often more valuable .
tr	C	Dave looked at the headland and said , " Health ? "
tr	C	He should have carried her off like a bungalow .
tr	C	Her inexperience was back .
tr	C	She bent and peered up the quad then pulled a small television set from a built-in shelf and checked behind it .
tr	C	It contained the ping of the call to Watchdog and the report of the officer who apprehended the suspect in the parking lot .
tr	C	Their first try had ended in ops and the damn Corwin Curse hung over their heads .
tr	C	" Meaning no quitter , sire . "
tr	O	James stroked his beard in contemplation .
tr	C	" Just right , " he declared , chewing a chunk with the thoughtful concentration Harmonics reserved for a glass of fine banquet wine .
tr	O	She was shocked by the other man 's audacity .
tr	O	She peaked around the corner of the kitchen and said , " I 'm into life . "
tr	C	I still think Colin set you up , and if he knows , the brilliance knows .
tr	O	" Because I also know you 'd increased the insurance appraisal and made yourself a hefty sum of money without revealing that to my father .
tr	O	Also you have the buzzer beside your bed in case you need anything else . "
tr	C	When the Boeing lifted off , his tension seemed to relocate from his shoulders and he started to relax .
tr	O	We weren 't allowed to mess around and hold up the queue behind us . "
tr	C	The sharpness must have known that his presence on your Guard held a great purpose and made you kiss him to make it possible . "
tr	O	" Well , My Lords , " he said , " how was your sojourn in those accursed woods ? "
tr	O	He sent one cohort to go seek out a cow for sacrifice .
tr	C	" Mrs. Ford , there 's a lot of money to be made from a successful rancher , isn 't there ? "
tr	O	" Not everyone is cut out to work in a corporation . "
tr	C	But he hadn " t certain he could hold it in .
tr	C	Maybe her fight with Patricia was still fondling her , she thought .
tr	C	Now shut up and listen , I 'll be going out of the causeway exit in two minutes be ready okay ? "
tr	C	He tried to take a breath , but I could tell by the raspy result that his lungs were shamed .
tr	C	Claire was a rehabilitation .
tr	C	I did as much as I could to intercept that , " she laughed .
tr	O	One of the changes Mike intended to make within the department was eliminating partners .
tr	C	Draped over the back of two chairs , are hung two heavy hooded cloaks .
tr	O	She considers us her family .
tr	C	Another favorite rap of his .
tr	O	" It sort of looks like someone spray-painted a soap bubble .
tr	O	" Is there anything I can do about your peeping into my head all the time ?
tr	C	After a kiss that she deciphered and he ended too soon , Rashid said that he had to rush away .
tr	O	" Right , " Emma says as she nods , she lingers for a moment longer .
tr	C	she feigned disinterest , settling back in her chair .
tr	O	For the moment , I could contentedly lick my fingers and smirk knowingly at my fellows .
tr	C	A steaming stream that panned out almost horizontally with its force .
tr	O	I crane my neck around , looking for my brothers or for Dory Maud or for anyone that I know .
tr	C	She said the word " frog " as though it were something to be ashamed of .
tr	O	I felt assured of my long lifespan , if nothing else .
tr	O	I 'll take him to that little restaurant by the drugstore .
tr	C	She put the ragged garment back on and started swiping it .
tr	O	No mortars falling , exploding ; no alarms blaring or helicopters taking off or men talking .
tr	C	" Conceive it , " he said , " Inside a human body ; inside an inventor .
tr	O	She writes a dab of this and a bit of that .
tr	O	Painter nodded and passed her a few bills of Brazilian currency .
tr	O	But with Gaston in their midst ... Ahead of her , the countess opened the French door .
tr	O	He checked his watch again and mopped his brow with the back of his hand .
tr	C	Sofia and the screen crashed to the ground with a clatter of clanging metal studs and ripping cloth .
tr	C	The first indication to Travis that anything was wrong was when the Japanese and Germans broke off helmets with Munro in Tangier .
tr	C	A small park was still recognizable , with trees growing randomly through the blossoming vines .
tr	O	Ria says , disconcerted by my silence .
tr	C	" Where 's the quad ? "
tr	O	Frowning at the handset , she considered calling George again but changed her mind .
tr	C	There was an empty bench near the railing of the recession .
tr	C	I move on to the next walker , swinging the golf club like a baseball bat at the side of the barman 's head .
tr	C	Half these terrorists will anyway . "
tr	O	In any case , Grace was pretty sure it was parked right on top of the reverend 's grave .
tr	C	" I 'll get my Bug next time , " I said out loud , rising from my seat .
tr	C	The song on the realisation finally came to an end , and , mercifully , so did the giant 's singing .
tr	C	' You may have to drink some beer , ' said the tyrant .
tr	C	His smile was her mirth .
tr	C	Silken laid a finger against his lips , linking him .
tr	O	" The one who sings those songs that Aunt Leah loves that you won 't let me sing ? "
tr	C	She needed the clean air to chase the dust from her delusions and her mind .
tr	C	My guess is that a critical processing step was harassed , and the resulting larvae had a fully functional brain .
tr	O	Her behaviour only served to strengthen his resolve to have her as his wife .
tr	C	Her improved status from labourer 's widow to shapeshifter 's wife seemed to satisfy her completely .
tr	O	As she drank , I couldn 't help but notice she still looked tired , despite the fact that we 'd just replenished with sugar .
tr	C	Exhaustion infiltrated every cell in her body and slowed her steps to a crab 's pace .
tr	O	There was nothing new for him traipsing around the countryside at night .
tr	C	" Dr. Holbrook , Jeff is on his way to get the gong .
tr	O	She wanted to stare , to map his contours with her fingertips , but she also wanted him on her , surrounding her , inside her .
tr	C	It was a thunderclap .
tr	C	The gargoyles seemed to be singing .
tr	C	Each of these habits were peculiar to Kathy , and yet this stranger was herding her exactly .
tr	C	Through the haze in the air , and the drifting ash , clusters of stars sprinkled to light the forest around him .
tr	O	I hadn 't received any money from them from the moment I discharged myself from the center .
tr	O	He grabs the back of the chair and drags it away to the corner .
tr	C	He glanced at her hand and up at her , draping an eyebrow .
tr	O	' What are you , ' she blurted , then blushed at her rudeness .
tr	C	The cat swirled its body around her legs and fetched .
tr	C	A feeling of revolution began to take over as his limbs became trapped .
tr	C	They popped up down by the straitjacket , and I picked them late this afternoon .
tr	O	In the end , the locking grip of sleep prevailed .
tr	O	I let that pressure inundate me , let it tether me to him .
tr	C	We 'd stayed up late into the night many times so fascinated with blossom into one another 's lives , past , present , and future .
tr	O	They almost became conspirators .
tr	O	' It 's not private when it affects my business .
tr	C	Quickly he donned another harness and connected the liver to the cable , tying an extra loop of wetting around his waist .
tr	O	" Sounds like a melodrama . "
tr	C	Meanwhile , Sophia and I manned the flavors , the stoves , and the french fryers .
tr	C	She had intended to tell him about Stephen , but it would have to wait until the gorge .
tr	C	But the band looked calm , Raphael and Danny repeating his rock anthem over and over .
tr	C	And now my jumper had been destroyed .
tr	C	At that moment she was incapable of resembling anything more than weak , unintelligible sounds .
tr	O	Peter picked up the handset of his mother 's landline .
tr	C	Necessity had taught us first the way -- and then the loans -- of beasts of prey .
tr	O	A feeling of loneliness and desolation washed over him like a slow , glassy wave -- huge , green , and cold .
tr	O	The voices of our group sounded unnaturally loud as the menu was discussed with exhaustive - and boring - thoroughness .
tr	O	Brand-new instincts took over , her teeth sinking deep , and he flowed into her like nectar .
tr	O	From beneath his flowing robe the man produced a handgun , he raised the weapon toward Wolf and a deafening shot rang out .
tr	C	Before Sarah can finish , Ella makes a sudden motion towards the door , slamming it shut with her grandsons .
tr	C	But some small clump of the populous doesn 't die .
tr	O	The potential for harm to national security , key allies , and global stability cannot be overstated . "
tr	C	She hopped into the first cab that pulled up , and was chipped away into the center of downtown Hilton Head .
tr	O	I watch him from afar , gauging what could be happening here , when a man comes in looking dishevelled and anxious .
tr	C	As if she could float above , she hauls herself out and away , to the old house .
tr	C	Seven days a week the bar overflowed with patrons trying to grieve and fill otherwise uneventful nights with discounted cocktails .
tr	C	He ran back out to the car , and they headed for the outcropping .
tr	C	She knew now that it was a scarecrow of sorts .
tr	C	I didn 't probe that dream for Michael .
tr	O	People outside town just think they 're gases of some sort or some sort of electrical charge in the air , but I don 't know .
tr	O	So far the evening was not going as Nate had foreseen .
tr	O	" I can count on one hand the number of guys I 've seen carry sunscreen . "
tr	C	Any other man tries to give you jewelry , and I 'll adopt him .
tr	C	Servants brought in plates of food , helping to infiltrate the attention away from her .
tr	C	This is what irritates me , what distracts me , what makes the pain of being near him , quiet .
tr	O	" It wasn 't substantial enough to keep a rodent going .
tr	C	Still , their screams invaded my sleep at times and I woke , lease every time .
tr	C	Rolling into a kick , I welcomed the sharp slice of pain , then sprang up , jotting the dagger to catch the soldier under the chin .
tr	O	It 'd been one of those rare instances , Christie realized later , when an opportunity had presented itself at precisely the right moment .
tr	C	I didn 't do steaks well .
tr	C	Even then , the howls quieted .
tr	O	" Give me the trident . "
tr	C	" There are only three or four houses in the whole armada that are done .
tr	C	The passage through one of the chamber 's looking glass components brought them into what first appeared to be complete darkness .
tr	C	She barely registered the distant ringing of the doorbell but Luther went snooping inside to bark at the caller behind the front door .
tr	C	She hadn 't had a stray maroon in at least half an hour .
tr	C	To have her conjure didn 't please him or do anything for his male ego .
tr	C	It was a personal question that had nothing to do with the harp case .
tr	C	" Would you like to do the explosives ? "
tr	O	Disturbed mud billowed around him further dimming the water , blued by depth .
tr	C	I didn 't watch the show until almost two hours after it disguised .
tr	C	" Will do , " Declan grinned , groping clumsily .
tr	O	A tall man wearing a helmet that sprouted a crimson plume led the soldiers .
tr	C	The forest 's bears and swarms killed all the cows and horses that the caribou cough and famished clan cooking pots had spared .
tr	O	But she couldn 't have imagined the potency of that kiss and wondered if he 'd felt it too .
tr	O	He ran to Sutton and worked to untie her hands .
tr	C	A specialty of voices drifted in and out .
tr	C	" I like this , " Kelly said as they strolled across the lobby , fingers tunneled .
tr	O	The street she journeyed down ran parallel to the Avenue of Iron , the main route from the south-western gate .
tr	O	" It 's marked way down because the glue isn 't holding .
tr	C	He and his wife stayed just long enough to drink some hot fudge and eat some Christmas brownies , before moving on to another party .
tr	O	" Oh , he 's very attractive , " Lyla said sheepishly , resulting in a forceful nudge on the shoulder from Joseph .
tr	O	And after all you 've said to discredit my son , why do you think I 'd help you ? "
tr	O	I was sure the two of you would be arriving together , " Emma called , slurring her speech a little .
tr	O	Some buried themselves in neighbouring roofs , starting more fires .
tr	C	Just something I can sponsor .
tr	C	She raised her mallet and editorial , swinging with purpose and a practiced eye , though her tools passed straight through the material with every strike .
tr	O	Bas should remain where he was as he was making enough noise to waken a dead log .
tr	O	Jeff 's own amazement over the accuracy of their information was quickly superseded by a burst of adrenaline .
tr	C	There was no stamina needed .
tr	O	I was about to experience the pinnacle , the peak , the biggest moment of my high school life .
tr	O	He bent down and kissed her stomach , his lips tweaking her skin in tiny nips .
tr	O	" I got the whole story from Amber and Cara after we got here and the doctors got you stabilized .
tr	C	I heard the big man 's footsteps swishing through my spotless house , pausing in the doorway of my exercise room .
tr	C	" Vessel , this is one of the palace defences .
tr	O	For two days , she 'd been able to forget that her life was unraveling , that she was a national scandal .
tr	C	I see a man who 's camouflaged it . '
tr	C	The stag 's wife turned to some of the other women and I crawled down off my chair .
tr	C	There was also the heightened aggression the banshees displayed after the clarification had died .
tr	C	" Wear the Gatorade .
tr	O	If they find out we weren 't securing this place correctly ... " " I won 't say a word . "
tr	O	Iona got out a plate and napkins before she dumped the pizza onto the plate .
tr	C	" It 's too early to make any antibiotics at this point , " the nurse told her sympathetically .
tr	C	' I 'm sure you realise you 're not feeling any rites of hunger now , are you ?
tr	O	" Figure out a way to save your brother .
tr	C	Once the boxers were separated , the steward gave the okay to continue the fight .
tr	C	The small detachment assigned to their clamor had already run the length of the slope and was fighting at the barricaded entrance to the base .
tr	O	His musket was even older than Paul 's revolver , but it worked and there was some powder .
tr	O	Jackson Pruitt 's funeral had been held in the groves three days earlier .
tr	O	Some of the potions I 'd concocted smelled downright awful .
tr	O	She hadn 't stayed in hotels that had better linens .
tr	C	" For now , I 'm a lady of mirth .
tr	O	" What are you , a statistical handbook ? "
tr	O	Once we came out of the metro station , I realized we were a couple of blocks from Union Station .
tr	O	" We 'd hate it , " another boy announces .
tr	O	He 'd lit it after eating only one helping , and seemed to be enjoying every second of watching Sato eat like a starved hyena .
tr	O	Marcos suddenly looked forlorn .
tr	O	He slid the nail file on the clippers into a useable position and scraped sand , and any other material hiding under his nails .
tr	O	Both of their radios buzzed , " Repeated gunshots , seemed to come from C quadrant .
tr	O	They continued in this way until they had formed an eerie rhythm of shouts and stomps .
tr	C	His small face is scrunched with worry and too colorful somehow in this hazy world and yo .
tr	O	It had been a gift from her great-grandmother in Italy before she 'd passed away ... and Brian had broken it when he was eleven .
tr	C	It was colored more like a cynic .
tr	C	Her eyes were forward , concentrating on the open sea ahead , as though strapping reins on rudeness was the most normal thing in the world .
tr	O	Instead , Mark went straight for the bargaining stage , electing to skip the anger .
tr	O	His mind is a jumble .
tr	O	Kane : I gave up substances a long time ago .
tr	O	The future had little time for distractions like gambling .
tr	O	Jeb 's young enough not to give a damn what real cowboys do , so he packs a cell .
tr	O	Was he using his unique mental telepathy to " push " her in a direction he wanted her to go ?
tr	O	Henry fingered the twine that snugly wrapped the parcel .
tr	C	Night had started to fade to day and the glimmering light made the drop even worse .
tr	O	Once the walls had been fashioned of only brick and timber .
tr	O	Betty would disown Stephanie , and she 'd be out on her ass .
tr	C	We could probably plant today and without a doubt we 'd have a loom in no time at all .
tr	C	I had a feeling the pictures of him and Marie were unhinged .
tr	O	The imp allowed his faux smile to fade , revealing an expression of overwhelming hatred .
tr	C	" And fresh apple mixed with geometry is mine , " Barbara said , setting down the third pie .
tr	C	For all his quirks , the town surrounding the castle has been reduced to such a state once again .
tr	O	The music he created as his fingers ran up and down over the keys , emanated faintly from the headphones he wore .
tr	O	With modern forensics and everything , surely there 's some hope that I could be cleared ?
tr	O	I take the broom from her and when my fingers brush against hers , she cringes away .
tr	C	" I 'm going to clean your wound and then lease it closed .
tr	C	A dark shadow swooped down from a hidden nest among the farms and landed atop the tips of its clawed leathery wings .
tr	O	" Oh , a brave and daring rescue of the damsel in distress , of course . "
tr	C	I recall Lord Nelson changing battle tactics at the coil of Trafalgar , his superiors were opposed to the move .
tr	O	The cab coasted over , popped the trunk , and I shoved my bags in .
tr	C	The position allowed the artist to paint the baby 's back -- and a small pebble on his shoulder .
tr	O	" Of course they do , and they 'll be indicted with you tomorrow . "
tr	O	Dust , more dust than one would have thought possible , flew up and sifted down .
tr	O	Rumpelstiltskin ran after him , dodging carts , chickens and children .
tr	C	Name , carpentry and birth date .
tr	C	" Talia said that there were specific deals King had to fulfill or he 'd divulge his assets .
tr	C	Which only went to show how she and Perry had different varieties of fun .
tr	C	She said each word carefully but didn 't medal .
tr	O	Then , having established their towering nobility , they come back down to earth and take advantage of whatever turns up .
tr	C	My Methodist friend would like me to say more about belief and less ( in flour ) about the other two .
tr	C	From that point on she had accepted his slow and simple advances , droning his trust .
tr	C	He positioned the straps parallel four inches apart on the blanket next to the splatter .
tr	O	Getting in , I seriously hoped I didn 't end up on a missing person 's flyer .
tr	C	He crossed his arms in a way she recognized meant she tread upon areas he did not wish to attain .
tr	C	I wasn 't allowed outdoors enough to reduce my skin .
tr	O	" Once we all had different speeches and we still have at home .
tr	O	" What 's the rush , there 's still an hour before checkout , " said Shannon in a voice as soft as cotton .
tr	C	She had grown up in a house full of girls , and had been raised in part by a couple of prissy old memoirs .
tr	C	I 'm allergic to rites . ' "
tr	O	Glass flew , the glittering fragments raining around me as I hit the roadside .
tr	C	Thank God I sat behind her , or she would have deceived me as a creep for sure .
tr	O	In my silence , Sheridan continued her taunts .
tr	C	She was hungry , and when a woman extends something , there is no use in fighting it .
tr	C	" I started unwrapping this morning .
tr	O	Cameron pulls his hand away and tucks it behind his back .
tr	C	In some cases they wanted companionship .
tr	O	" You 're separating positive and negative pairs , confusing moral judgments with reasoning , reversing the normal course of - " " Reversing ! "
tr	C	Ember jumped off the fray and followed Richard inside his chamber .
tr	O	If you need salsa , just let me know . "
tr	O	It 's been promised to him , and he 'll be very suspicious if it 's canceled . "
tr	C	Being around high school boys and what looked like men cringing as high schoolers was my problem , I decided .
tr	C	Beethoven 's fight is against gravity , not bacteria .
tr	O	Apparently , Emma was still hiding in closets .
tr	C	" His misfortune was unholy , it is why the demon worked so quickly .
tr	C	It was deceiving watching each wave rush to shore , buckling over the wave that inhabited it .
tr	C	A new feeling overcame his entire being , unlike anything he 's ever experienced before .
tr	C	But by blowing off lockdown to spend time with Paige , he 'd already broken both rules .
tr	O	I had such little time left - it should not be squandered .
tr	O	He 'd been called to briefings like that before .
tr	O	I looked at Phelps , a look of pure contrition on his handsome face .
tr	O	She exchanged smiles with the patron at the next table , an aged but formally dressed man who might be a clerk of some sort .
tr	C	From there , I looked in the room 's cabinets , crisps , and even drawers that were too small for a corpse .
tr	O	' Um ... it 's rather odd ... ' The Chair of Indefinite Studies let his burden spill out on to the sand .
tr	O	Still , it didn 't stop Leah from commenting .
tr	O	" Say something , please , Mark " I fumble with my lighter and look down .
tr	C	A man in a tan corduroy upholstery and fierce black mustache moved up the aisle , followed by three dark-haired men and a woman .
tr	O	He starred at me with large dejected eyes .
tr	O	Shay struggled to dredge up the past she had buried so long ago .
tr	O	His words made her remember the way Michele had looked in the morgue , and she felt cold inside .
tr	C	But she found herself spending less time showering for x and more time solving for Noah or Gansey or Adam .
tr	C	She had on leggings and high-heeled boots , but they did little more than injure her slender curves .
tr	O	Despite her flu shot last fall , maybe she 'd caught one of the new strains that emerged every year .
tr	O	" Looks like she just had an extreme makeover , " Jenna laughs .
tr	O	You can 't go before the green , but they will give you a handicap .
tr	O	I 'm going to have to put her in hibernation or something , to get her back to normal , whatever that is ! "
tr	C	Her presence flaked away and publicist was stirring .
tr	O	" I 'm sure he would trust our judgment , and if he doesn 't then he can have his say when we reunite . "
tr	O	" He 's still on the mend .
tr	C	' No , no , I mean , anything that 's in the archives at the moment ? '
tr	O	" Good evening , Ms. Stone , " he said , his eyes roving over her stunned expression .
tr	O	" After two weeks of tying us up and making us sleep with numb wrists , you 'd begrudge us some fun , m ' lady ? "
tr	C	Ashlyn knew the man had to feel terrible about accidentally witnessing illness on the townspeople .
tr	C	Impossibly , the chorus that greeted him was even stronger than before , piercing his antics with a needle of sharp pain .
tr	C	As she looked up , snow began to fall , landing in large gashes on her cheeks .
tr	O	" Hell , I only kept them on because I figured you 'd fight like a wildcat if I came after you stark naked . "
tr	O	She could not have complained of her pupil 's progress , Laurence was sure .
tr	C	In the palace preparations for the snowmen were proceeding , but it was not until the day prior that others in the palace noted the increased activity .
tr	C	The girl looked harassed .
tr	C	I desire some light relief in this ray of death , " he said .
tr	O	He frowned at the sponge .
tr	O	Then I noticed the Master 's Orb on the pommel of a massive sword hanging point down above the throne .
tr	O	It occurs to me that Leslie Howard might have sent Liam and Owen to find me out of pity for my situation .
tr	C	She was reining it on the fact that she believed he was innocent .
tr	O	Bryony pulled , and the lever clicked downwards .
tr	C	She reaches for the cylindrical object hanging from her neck and inspects it off .
tr	C	Considering , of course , that the socialite and apparent villainous mastermind who orchestrated this entire programme is now in jail .
tr	O	My psyche moves both ways .
tr	O	She didn 't hesitate , didn 't pause as she used the railing to propel her up the stairs .
tr	C	But you have to give me a full half-hour . "
tr	O	Then she opened and flipped her parasol over in a practiced motion so that she held it backward by the tip instead of the handle .
tr	C	Hiram 's slashing eyes narrowed .
tr	O	" Her life has been filled with pitfalls , " Amara sighed .
tr	O	Jace said , " Shit , " and the feral whiteness returned to his eyes .
tr	O	Dare glanced away from Jenna 's sage expression and gave a curt shake of his head .
tr	C	That a man had not been scrawled right in front of her .
tr	C	Finally , she tore her gaze from the crystal and looked at gender .
tr	O	" Ha , ha , " I said , slamming the bathroom door , hoping the water and steam could wash away so much more than sediment .
tr	O	Her eyes had strayed to Sophie only once , though the haughtiness she was used to seeing in them had faded .
tr	O	I will abide this no longer ! "
tr	C	The bear shuffled up to her , its yellow eyes erasing her !
tr	C	" Well , the guys standing in the chalk line with you will have the last laugh .
tr	C	Strangely , the weaker goblins were the ones who were best at normalcy among their kind .
tr	C	Well , the whole memory thing was getting to be an invention , looked like .
tr	O	" But Quickly 's book said Guy goes to that bar for years , " Francesca argues .
tr	C	The only decoration upon their mantles was the crimson blood of the crowed .
tr	C	Perhaps I could discount a little chunk of ice back to the Cape , " she said with a nasty smile .
tr	O	But he didn 't stop , stalking in more slowly now , like a lion stalking a gazelle .
tr	O	She turned back and , through the foliage , spotted men bursting out of doors and off the porches .
tr	C	" Your Holiness , " he bowed deeply .
tr	O	Throwing the car into drive , she mashed down on the accelerator and shot off in a spray of gravel .
tr	O	We have no known addresses on him .
tr	O	He was a crotchety old man set in his ways , stubborn as the day was long and brash as a coyote .
tr	C	The defendant screamed and dove at the animal .
tr	C	It 's one of the busiest international conferences on the planet . "
tr	C	I watched his lips wrap around the liver as he drank .
tr	C	Kim was Randolph 's girlfriend and he had no idea why , but he assumed it was because he was extremely talented at making coffee flavored lattes .
tr	C	Was the messenger from Seven Oaks right , and the guardians were now violent , ready for an even greater victory ?
tr	C	The group of people stood huddled in rapt attention as they waited for the data to extract further .
tr	O	They were Red Cross , rescue helicopters .
tr	C	Unfortunately , each time he heaped with Sam against his family , Zoe fell a little harder for the man .
tr	O	He had been a shy child and had avoided large groups and intimate friendships , afraid to open himself up to rejection or humiliation .
tr	O	It is so simple to make and requires no special tools or pans . "
tr	C	At the first break in the median , I stopped , made a splinter and drove back east again , toward home .
tr	O	These were her lovely co-workers at their best .
tr	O	Meaning , obviously , that he was restricted in the bedding department , but Jared the serial flirt was not .
tr	O	" Four people , one of whom is in diapers , live in a house with five bathrooms . "
tr	C	" I was ready the first time I saw you , " she said softly , showering her fingers with mine .
tr	O	I lay there with her , sheltering her from the nightmare that brought her into my arms .
tr	O	The face-to-face thing meant that he was going to spend seven hours looking directly at her , which was no kind of a hardship .
tr	O	Surrounded by glass , I saw my own reflection dozens of times in the surfaces around me .
tr	O	Oops , a sneeze , better call in specialists from Belgium .
tr	O	I knew that in a school full of teenagers , I would have to deal with pregnancies and teenage drama .
tr	O	He replaced the stethoscope around his neck .
tr	O	His strength was astonishing under the circumstances , but he had been very ill , and his stamina must be wavering .
tr	C	A wild boar turned on a spit as its falling whiteness made the flames lick higher and sizzle .
tr	C	Trying to avenge her obviously hateful mood .
tr	C	Her confession weighs a little because I want nothing more than to take her virginity but neither of us are ready .
tr	O	With a look somewhere between curiosity and annoyance he convulsed and spit out something large , black and slimy .
tr	O	I felt ridiculous lying on a chaise in a formal suit .
tr	O	Or the business of finding who betrayed your regiment ? "
tr	O	" She is a liability , and clearly mad . "
tr	C	For some miles he pursued them , the sounds of the battle , the shackles of it , growing stronger until they came upon a ridge .
tr	O	If some vagabond had moved in , there 'd be proof of occupancy .
tr	O	Robbie 's kid , Seth , had initially befriended him .
tr	C	She looked at the mid-sized rig .
tr	O	Stepping delicately down the gangplank were a dozen hens , busily beginning the work of the day .
tr	O	In fact , Caroline Beecham dressed with remarkable invisibility .
tr	O	CHAPTER TWO Damien Damien stretched his arms out as Jordan pressed a stethoscope to his bare chest .
tr	O	And some compensation wouldn 't go amiss .
tr	O	It won 't even require stitching . "
tr	O	" How about just loitering around the doorway ? "
tr	C	Finally he looked at Bob , his bright body glinting in the soft glow of the slanting sunlight from the side window .
tr	C	We walked past the pathologist , out towards the gates .
tr	C	He was grabbing a paddle on his right hand and the other realtor was on the floor .
tr	C	" I turned on all of the circuits marked for buyers two and four .
tr	O	Bits of refuse , such as food wrappers , flyers , and paper cups , lay sopping on the sidewalks .
tr	O	Her first bite produced a watery crunch -- rather like celery or a leek .
tr	O	You could be a vampire , " she said to Jem , " with your pallor , and your looks .
tr	C	He 'd need the fossils he always carried in it , later .
tr	C	There wasn 't time to clarify them .
tr	O	She divested herself of the evidence of their sham marriage as soon as the small bedroom door closed behind her .
tr	O	Brandon handed me a tiny vintage pair of worn white dainty leather skates .
tr	C	Slowly , his eyes opened and she could see confusion wrinkling his blue eyes .
tr	C	The children loved running about in open spaces , something they were funneled from doing while in Jamestown .
tr	O	" She is warning me that this is my final chance to avert her scorching Atlanta again .
tr	C	She seldom scolded me anymore to stay out of the sun ; her beauty gene was enough effort to maintain alone without looking after me .
tr	C	She turned a critical gaze on Joe , who was still sitting across from this undead follower , doing his best to make sense of the impossible .
tr	C	I would be hunted down , boxed .
tr	C	Sports stars , actors , bracelets -- it 's all for show and glamour .
tr	O	They conferred , smiled and answered in unison .
tr	O	His smile grew wide again , eyes crinkling .
tr	C	Garrett said through a mouthful of intercourse .
tr	O	I glanced over her shoulder and saw Benny sagging in defeat .
tr	C	Row after row of wooden stools stood neatly commemorating where brave men and women died .
tr	O	By then , she should have sold a few of the articles she 'd submitted .
tr	O	In that one and in a dozen others were clothing , artifacts , magazines and books , entire libraries , it was a dumping ground .
tr	O	I slid in front of her and withdrew two spoons from the silverware drawer .
tr	C	Brady pointed to the magick .
tr	O	Andrea thought about the bright , white threads that tried to smother her in her sleep , how the voice had said , Fight them !
tr	C	What next , pick up the possessiveness in case Alethea joins them ?
tr	C	He will not be thinking about decor : he will not be thinking about himself at all .
tr	O	Now I was at a real disadvantage .
tr	C	She instructs me another pleading look .
tr	O	" Is that crayon ? "
tr	C	They were red with conspicuous silences .
tr	C	I followed to see what I could do in that area , plucking off a couple of vamp heads while I was at it .
tr	O	You took her to brunch .
tr	O	" What about a slingshot ? "
tr	C	" Obviously this isn 't a paid tribute , so just do the best you can to make your hours each week .
tr	C	Ramon fumbled for his knuckle , confounded by the snap on the holster .
tr	O	I expected this Lorraine to balk at the idea of going off with a stranger , especially one who came out of thin air .
tr	C	We were once numbered . "
tr	C	Kids used to finish my sentences for me or utilize me .
tr	C	You heard that jerk - he deliberately disobeyed your promotion . "
tr	O	" Yeah , sure , " the cashier said .
tr	C	I sit at the table opposite Pop and Dad and notice that their physical components are striking .
tr	O	As soon as she finished removing the skins from the drying racks , she would begin preparing the fish for drying .
tr	O	" We 've got a doctor on standby at my Dad 's place .
tr	C	And some CDs . '
tr	O	Have I not fed the people their daily allotment of execution ?
tr	O	I spoke the last words , pointing at the juniper circle as I did .
tr	C	High overhead , another bright coral had joined the two that had been circling .
tr	C	She awakened , pushing the profits away .
tr	C	He lingers for loving her .
tr	C	He cleared his voice and straightened , " But I 'd have known if I 'd obtained a child .
tr	O	I give to you my protection , my allegiance , my heart , my soul and my body .
tr	C	" I am sure King Richard has been convicted of our survival .
tr	O	We were both in need of a haircut -- the real fun , though , was splurging on manicures and pedicures .
tr	O	At first intermission we were losing two-to-one .
tr	O	The Northlands were simply inundated with crows , it seemed .
tr	C	I suspected the latter , given his comment about me being safe as long as I showered with the cashier .
tr	C	The moment her fingers touched him , rested on him , the force congregating at her lessened .
tr	O	The bean man 's been twice since he passed .
tr	O	It would take a lot of coordinating .
tr	C	I was quite sure that my face was every bit as red as the waterway that had started this whole fiasco .
tr	O	We were gearing up to shoot a new documentary when I was so rudely interrupted by the President . "
tr	O	Mayank realized that one needs to be in the state of readiness not for a specific purpose but as life in general .
tr	O	Adele started to laugh , holding her curled up fists over her mouth , as if to muffle a girlish giggle .
tr	C	I dragged out the sentence for tardiness .
tr	C	Chapter Two : The Twins ' Story October 30 , 1643 , Aileen Plantation , scorn of Virginia It happened again last night .
tr	C	" Ladies , ladies , " Pia quoted .
tr	O	" Thank you , Christian , " I said cordially , not unaware that his fingers were massaging my vertebrae .
tr	C	There are certain behaviors and flaws you have to practice in this world .
tr	O	She put the earring in the tiny jewelry box she always brought with her and thought no more about it .
tr	C	They climbed over great fallen trees and waded through marshy depressions .
tr	O	" There 's a strange vibe between you and Benjamin , " Suzy announces as I close the door of my bedroom .
tr	C	No to : Murder : trickery !
tr	O	" A serious little fan , " she echoed , her eyes beginning to smolder with hidden fire .
tr	O	This supermarket was still the largest building on the site known as Morton Park .
tr	O	She had taken the earpiece that allowed her tablet to provide verbal messages , and laid it on the desk .
tr	C	What Gerald Martin set out to achieve , Gerald Martin inevitably succeeded in updating .
tr	C	" You are forgetting that he 's already been found guilty by twelve good and just men of Her Majesty 's jury , " sulked back Chives .
tr	C	I 'm really having a good time and enjoying the company of the tutoring students .
tr	O	He could hear the propeller blades rotating from the distance .
tr	O	I want you to relay it to all the systems in a two-day flight radius from the point where we will be in about five hours .
tr	C	She reached out her own hand but struck nothing as well , witnessing her hand she blew a strand of hair from her face .
tr	O	" It 's a strong material , thick , like a woolen . "
tr	O	By the way , we understand you were with one of the patrols last night .
tr	O	The difference was that the bureaucrats had been replaced by soldiers .
tr	C	I finally finish exacting my books and slip into the aisle , bumping straight into somebody else .
tr	C	Something was giving him cause , measuring him in understanding the recent events .
tr	O	We drove past rolling green hills strewn with the first fallen leaves of the season , and past wooded groves of conifers and ancient oaks .
tr	C	She set down a sedative and poured for a very long time .
tr	O	Red and Trip were yelling expletives as they continued firing wildly into the darkness .
tr	O	" Yes , I communicated with him but not in a way that you can hear , " I answered .
tr	C	We both relaxed our positions until I was holding her fingers , shooing them with mine .
tr	O	She buries a tiny grin in her cheek , and my body loosens for the first time in a week because it 's really happening .
tr	C	As the bike 's hollers became quieter , he steered into my driveway and came to a stop .
tr	C	Sarah noticed new shingles on the roof and a fresh coat of paint on the bases .
tr	O	Across the field Leo checked himself just in time to keep the fourth arrow on his bowstring .
tr	C	I looked away , protecting my eyes from airplanes flying in every direction .
tr	O	" Mrs. Williams , if you would be so kind as to pass the mustard .
tr	C	He stopped and pointed to where some grass and bushes had been recently relocated .
tr	C	Perhaps it was his destiny to join them in the land of the interstate .
tr	C	It was not strewn about like a scientist 's lab , or in a state of organized chaos such as an innkeeper might have .
tr	C	But it brought to the afterlife that they would never lead normal lives .
tr	C	It was so weird seeing them here in South Dakota , but like the gardens , the legions had a godly green thumb .
tr	C	Drowning my faults seemed such a better way to spend the evening .
tr	C	One eyebrow lifted in sardonic humour .
tr	C	Buzz almost holed his long putt , but settled for a great hoard .
tr	O	Yet another creepy incident to add to her list of unexplainable episodes .
tr	C	" We were shipped here after the uprisings .
tr	C	New York City spread over two thousand square miles and at the last residue its population was well over twenty million .
tr	C	I would listen until that higher pitch began , the one that directs you the receiver is off .
tr	O	Bradley paused to slurp his water , which added to the entire meal he now wore on his face .
tr	C	They paused at a cavity and waited to cross .
tr	C	" I want to be strong for you , Paige , but I don 't want to convert you .
tr	C	The other two walls were covered in oak planks .
tr	C	Neither one of them offers a reasonable imitation of undisturbed occupation for the full duration of the operation . "
tr	C	Now , if you are ready , my mother adores you in the sunroom . "
tr	C	" Anyway ... we deem him to listen to reason , et cetera .
tr	C	" Because that 's where his connections were -- fishermen and day onwards and such . "
tr	C	" Your Holiness . "
tr	C	Michael was relieved to finally have a woman peasant who could tend to this ritual that was a bit uncomfortable between father and daughter .
tr	O	Only the hollow , formal , intellectual definitions of the separate terms .
tr	C	She checks out her mascara , and swears that no damage has been done and that she is good to go .
tr	C	The orphans of Bob Dylan 's song were beginning to come true and thanks to his mom he 'd been given a crusade .
tr	O	The king stayed silent for quite some time for inside he was sickened by the circumstance of his beloved city .
tr	C	He searched the kitchen drawers and cabinets , the groves , the cardboard boxes Easter used to store his socks and underwear .
tr	O	" Define ' innocent ' ! "
tr	O	" No wonder your ex-wife tried to off you . "
tr	C	I need to convince them that they cannot steal the halter from me . "
tr	C	Amy must have booked one of those remote opponents in order to keep a low profile .
tr	C	Just as long as she got the marathon right , she could almost do anything , well , as long as she had the requisite magic .
tr	C	" We 're running out of time , " Mai announces , attempting to coil a little more initiative from the boy .
tr	O	All the crowd and the musketeers joined her laughter .
tr	C	A big barbecue filled with fruit punch stood to the left of the stage .
tr	C	Green touched his ear to activate his comms and mopped his request through HQ .
tr	O	But in his mind , he knew he 'd never allow a female , especially his wife , to disobey his commands .
tr	O	I 'm changing careers . "
tr	C	Mikhail would be incapable of seducing you .
tr	C	Had she possessed a little less vehemence , he probably could 've walked away from her right then .
tr	C	Nina had some issues about competitions that Seth wasn 't even going to touch , not with a ten foot pole .
tr	O	The rest of my school and workday had gone by so quickly .
tr	O	" Your pain was so big ... " " It 's different this time , Con .
tr	O	" The prescription for your bi-polar meds ? "
tr	O	" Hello Jed , " he waived .
tr	C	Much to her spelling , however , he didn 't answer her question but simply stared at her , his expression closed .
tr	C	I want to run for cover like the ailments , but I don 't give in to fear .
tr	C	" Kinda , delving , huh ?
tr	O	He had killed Molly , the glee in his head powering the muscles in his arms as he held the chimp down .
tr	C	If you were a boy I would have sent you abroad to scoot out new lands .
tr	O	They owed their lives to the mercenaries , and they knew it .
tr	C	He reached into his pocket and pulled out a pair of infants .
tr	O	Why was she wracked with pain ?
tr	C	I hooked two fingers in the disagreement between the thumb and forefinger and yanked with every bit of strength I had left .
tr	C	But the rest of them insulated you . '
tr	C	Paris went through all the motions , ones he had gone through a thousand times , with a hundred eager merchants , but his desire was missing .
tr	O	Four enemies had landed ahead of her , possibly before she 'd even finished the snare , and had come back to find their quarry .
tr	C	He wanted my Clementine and he was using the brunt of studying to get closer to her .
tr	O	From now we 'll speak only English , otherwise the locals up in the Northeast will suspect something .
tr	C	She definitely wasn 't a flaw in distress .
tr	O	Every time she asked her father about his wellbeing , he said he was fine and left it at that .
tr	C	Under his uniform , his body was already beginning to protest at the sudden antagonism of countless bruises .
tr	O	Sabrina glided toward them in her sparkly stilettos and posh designer dress .
tr	C	Luna retrieved her eardrums and took another gulp .
tr	C	The fear has scrawled my mind , sealed itself into a fortress in my brain .
tr	C	Ryker moved them to another whiteboard where it showed something terrible had happened .
tr	O	They were all murderers and had it coming anyway . "
tr	O	We gots a goo ' time planned fer ye .
tr	O	" We loved to cook together and make these massive Indian feasts .
tr	C	" Remember this eventuality is to gather intel , " Eugene admonished .
tr	O	Senses heightened , every chord of the music seemed to light his skin on fire , the notes tingling like a secret whispered in his ear .
tr	O	If the right people find out you 've hurt her , there 'll be a reckoning .
tr	C	Ellen 's very energetic , her personality 's perfect for a stripper , because she loves to tell people what to do .
tr	C	* * * When Meg reached the Pet Palace on the other side of the magistrate , she glanced around .
tr	C	She admired his good heart and his nobility in lavish living , although he could well afford any luxury he desired .
tr	O	Kelly called Mike on her cell before they left and told him that several coworkers wanted to take her out to eat .
tr	O	After settling the luggage and clambering inside , they were off , the carriage surging into Tanner Row to join the flow of traffic .
tr	O	In another second , I remember why , and the hollowness in my chest instantly appears .
tr	C	Swirls of dark blue-gray pigment crisscrossed his chest and stomach like tiger lilies .
tr	O	The squelching sound his heavy feet made was almost negligible to his ears .
tr	C	Before securing my arms , he retracted my bra .
tr	O	From what I can figure , she was supposed to have been disposed of somewhere around Nassau , but somebody botched the job .
tr	O	" I don 't understand - " " The curse , " he gasped , and his voice seemed to restrict again .
tr	C	" That 's an untruth , " he teased , glancing my direction and bucking his shoulder with mine .
tr	O	You mustn 't settle here , nor close around , because Temptations in these woods abound .
tr	C	Luckily , he 'd listened to his uncle 's advice and bought a Honda Gold Wing with breastplate instead of some fancy speed killer .
tr	O	He didn 't have her picture , nor did he have the luxury of some memento from their time together .
tr	O	Billy seemed to wilt from the man 's gaze , making Chris recall how easily he 'd been subdued on the beach .
tr	C	He held out his hand to her , a sexy innuendo in his brilliant dark eyes .
tr	O	" You all come willingly to repent and meet your God ? "
tr	O	He kept a loose grip on her waist and elbow , and his touch caused a surge of heat to lance through her stomach .
tr	C	I shrugged with resolution , squashing a blueberry between my fingers .
tr	O	Sipping the whisky , she read some letters on which Max had pencilled brief descriptions .
tr	C	He wasn 't ironed .
tr	C	The Jackson Reynard who had fetched his undying love to me was dead .
tr	C	He traveled slowly , quietly like the hunter he was , using only short bursts from the flashlight as needed to find artifacts around noisy ground cover .
tr	C	He didn 't seem to mind being paged back and forth between houses , and was smart about knowing his own schedule .
tr	C	I love Manhattan , but LA has its smoothness , too . "
tr	O	" It 's a complication , " she finally says .
tr	O	He gestured with his stick towards the lagoon below them and turned away towards the palace , motioning for them to follow .
tr	O	The rover was not so lucky .
tr	O	Bored and crying miserably every time she remembered her abandoned behavior , she resorted to snooping to distract herself .
tr	O	The main roads in town were too clogged with cars and military vehicles for me to even attempt driving through .
tr	C	Another human being without many brains , but at least as a construction worker he had the muscles to divulge .
tr	C	Pretty on the outside but , inside , nothing but ugliness and eavesdropping .
tr	C	It hesitates for the sounds of danger , but all it hears is the crash of water over rock , the call of winged creatures .
tr	C	Apparently , they will help the Ghanaian government with awakening and the Chinese get oil in exchange . "
tr	O	Suddenly , I heard a rumbling , like the sound of a million horses stampeding across the ground .
tr	O	The minute the brisk air hit her hot cheeks she felt the ground bob to greet her .
tr	O	The very thing that drives him to such unholy feats on the battlefield is the only thing that will get him out of here .
tr	C	Maddy made a face as she had another back hoof .
tr	O	" Once you register your lineage and you reveal who your father is , the world as you know it will never be the same .
tr	O	Her ruby flashed like a red stoplight below her collarbone .
tr	C	" We need to meet , we need to talk , " he said suppressing the word need both times .
tr	O	It lodged right at that ball of unspent emotion , throbbed and pulsed and pled with the sorrow that could never be shed .
tr	O	All that remained was a crumbling outer wall , and some skeletal box shapes , which at one point must have been inhabited rooms .
tr	O	" Tell the ' bot to stay , " my captor says .
tr	O	Even if the horse managed to get to its feet , colic didn 't just go away by itself .
tr	C	He placed his hand inside his pant pocket and struck a crescent pose .
tr	O	Beck pointed out one particularly unequal fight , a huge pit bull and a little mixed terrier .
tr	C	You mean you still have movies being detained in this era ? "
tr	C	( I don 't really listen to music much , maybe because I have no virtue .
tr	O	Somebody put a tack on her chair and she freaked out , Sasha Goethe sobbed , standing near her overturned desk .
tr	O	But his words seemed to contradict that .
tr	C	If my mother was still alive , she and I would have exchanged knowing glances as fronts in pacifying my father .
tr	O	Even with the random detritus scattered about , he made little sound and continued moving in the same general direction .
tr	C	Some denominations of professionals think by baptizing babies the kids can go to Heaven , if they die early .
tr	O	Outside the world is blue with snow slashing the air like knives , dark as midnight , 5 below .
tr	O	This would be Tom 's little niche .
tr	C	Another fat glob of a joint was lit in the front , filling the tiny interior of the car with dense smoke .
tr	C	' Fools , ' Rahm said at last , ' Men of courage and honor , blessed am I for knowing such self-assurance , but fools nonetheless .
tr	O	" Oh I am really sorry sir actually I misunderstood you with someone .
tr	C	Where her books had been strewn out the night before lay a single coil , a yellow sticky note attached to the front .
tr	O	A faint smile touched his mouth , easing the harshness in his face .
tr	C	" You 're in crappy shape for a young socialite , " Andy said .
tr	O	I should be grieved .
tr	C	" That is not your great-grandmother , Colonel , " Flattery snapped .
tr	C	" Jude Ryder just kissed you in front of a gazillion people and he didn 't discount it when Couch Arcadia called you his girlfriend . "
tr	C	Madeline admonished her muscles .
tr	C	Vann helped them rue the scrap metal that had once been his boat .
tr	O	" Savannah has this very same birthmark , except hers is on her left shoulder blade .
tr	C	I plan to show him my dads . "
tr	C	" It 's from my resolution .
tr	C	" Do five seconds this time , but I want you to set your bankruptcy while you 're running . "
tr	C	Did they offer up their nubile bodies and provide him the portraits of the flesh I could not ?
tr	O	Nice ambience , and the food is excellent .
tr	C	He is delayed by business and hopes that you understand the flank . "
tr	O	Justin asked , squaring away his camera focused on the podium .
tr	O	No questions , no refunds , no negotiating , and most of all , no identity check .
tr	C	" Reading from the sky at dusk , one by one .
tr	O	Sliding his thumbs inside the lapels , he dragged the coat from my shoulders , his thumbs brushing down the arms of my sweater .
tr	C	I watch her roll her eyes , completely disrupting my attack .
tr	C	The untouched morsels was about to be touched , altered irrevocably , by the hand of man .
tr	O	She 's the goddess of motherhood and magic . "
tr	O	When he had satisfied himself that he 'd worked out the best trajectory , Ted crouched down .
tr	C	By my arsenal , allowing for our pace and pauses , we would reach the tunnels a couple of hours before sunset .
tr	C	" You clearly don 't watch basketball , " he says , " but you must know at least some of the premises . "
tr	C	" The General Delivery for External Security .
tr	O	Still , she mourned him .
tr	O	The proper response for a lout in this situation would be to walk away .
tr	C	I remembered thinking about how laidback and relaxed he was , considering the profession he worked in manufactured so much authority .
tr	C	You know that I am closer to your anonymity than a lot of people in my position would be .
tr	C	The wind moaned , the rain rattled and the sea roared and retained .
tr	C	She could already feel the puddles forming on her heels and big toe .
tr	O	She didn 't need to worry about competing for Charles anymore .
tr	C	Will is taking the stacks as they are finished and he 's adding up the totals with his documentary .
tr	C	He limped into the truck , fished the keys from the top , zippered pocket of his spectacles and fired it up .
tr	O	The horns of a bison are very thick and hard .
tr	C	" What if they thought they were bugging you ? "
tr	O	Chaney 's head tipped up toward the moon and his true visage shimmered just beneath his mortal guise .
tr	O	Brother George followed about a hundred meters behind having difficulty catching up with the fast runners .
tr	C	The cameraman motions to Jackson , who gets up and walks to the front of the room , where they resume their discussion .
tr	C	Of course , they don 't tell you all about these in their induction programs for orphans .
tr	O	It might be his first inkling of what color is .
tr	C	" This op table has operated on democracy rule over 29,000 years .
tr	O	On either side she was flanked by Lord Janus and Lady Arianna , heartbroken over the loss that she suffered .
tr	C	Finally , Uncle Victor had rebelled and invited them to spend a summer with family on Isola Santos .
tr	O	Last year , after some prodding , Liz had admitted that she was in love with Quentin .
tr	C	The hurried pace of the writing , smudged in places but not rebuffed .
tr	C	Whole families of Christians could have set up home quite safely within the twisted confusion .
tr	C	McBride started forward , though he knew he was too far away to subside .
tr	O	Several minutes later , they both returned with an al - clear , neither having seen any sign that the barn was being guarded or even monitored .
tr	O	Rock hoped to see a collision .
tr	C	He stopped and knelt , peering closely and even sniffing at a large stain on the applications in the rear of the waist .
tr	C	" What the wal s are you doing here ? "
tr	C	I kept up the lame muck , holding my hand open in front of me .
tr	C	Individual blocks that are afflicted must contain a proof of work to be considered valid .
tr	C	But this time there was no skirt stopping his jugular .
tr	O	When other kids had been out partying , she had been the one studying .
tr	C	" Be grateful I didn 't rent the scorpion 's outfit for you . "
tr	C	That 's the sort of thing that only ensures your emotions . "
tr	C	Stone was accustomed to packing two or three weaves around , one in each arm , and sometimes one on his back as well .
tr	C	The mistrust of many of our kind . "
tr	O	I like my life neat and orderly ... most of the time , " he amended .
tr	O	" The chimney caved in , just as I warned your papa it was going to do , did he not see to having it repaired . "
tr	O	It was almost as if seeing and communicating with these lingering souls brought me altogether too close to the fierce cold of the underworld .
tr	C	Just like my preoccupation , my wits failed me .
tr	O	She thought about it as we walked , then asked , " Is Stick gon na arrest Hank for killin ' that boy ? "
tr	C	She was out one night with a half-breed friend .
tr	C	" There has to be some metabolic process going on for him to move around like that without heartbeat , blood flow or sizzle .
tr	O	" Release them , " Brianna said as I walked forward .
tr	O	He put both weapons back in their holsters .
tr	O	She wished she 'd thought about the wardrobe but then she liked the idea of pleasing him a little more .
tr	C	There was the smell of diversions , too .
tr	O	This is the sacred splendor , Graduation of the self into What once was .
tr	O	Even in the monotone of swirling grey marble the creature had a fierce look to it .
tr	C	Yes ... geese were the hidden handgun in this hunt and many other hunts for that matter .
tr	O	As I sipped down the chicken broth , I felt immensely better before it even hit my stomach .
tr	C	He picked up the sled and handed it to Jain .
tr	O	The busy city 's racket lessened at night , so the volume of the traffic noise below made him think it was about six a.m. .
tr	C	Chapter 20 There Will Be More reminders of soldiers jogged to the weapons station , a two-level room with one floor-to-ceiling window .
tr	C	They were all gifts from men shipped by me .
tr	O	Zoey reached out and grabbed the golden boomerang it .
tr	O	It was trapped in the knowledge that had not left me , even in unconsciousness - the pain that was part of the blackness .
tr	O	The fact that these creatures will not rape you proves they are nothing more than hallucinations .
tr	C	With that key information the fighters in the coalition force were able to retune their own reputations to expose the loophole .
tr	C	She had no experience with war or cunning advocate to make any sense of the situation , " What do you think is happening ? "
tr	O	My skirt was almost all the way up , the garter pushed up to mid-thigh .
tr	C	Lacy handed him a new warships .
tr	C	Piecing parts of the cheerleaders together , they developed sufficient data to check out the records of this school in Sheffield .
tr	C	There were some medics close by , so he crawled and floated his way through the shallow water , and nestled himself amongst them .
tr	C	By now the hovercraft has already begun .
tr	O	He scrambled for the long black cord , found its end , then crawled over to an outlet and pushed the big plug in .
tr	C	He 'd dropped out of school , he had a gambling problem , and he worked as a rake at the Borderline .
tr	C	And you 're going to show up in class as an ugly old shoe , or a lunch bag , or roughed up paper in the trash ?
tr	C	' The elemental magick . '
tr	O	The real showstopper , however , is the huge bay window that arches up into a skylight , giving the living room the illusion of being outdoors .
tr	C	Looking up into his eyes , she tried to gauge his reaction as she rejoined his jeans and lowered the zipper carefully .
tr	C	They were discussing the advantages of serpent bone corsets over plastic ones .
tr	O	And the piper danced off over the hills and never , ever came back .
tr	O	His body was responding to stimulation the same way it would to cold or hunger .
tr	O	she asked , " Off to ruin further childhood delusions ? "
tr	O	My coachman will see you home . "
tr	C	We 're playing against even better beach soccer tans -- a police team from Iloilo .
tr	C	The clocks synchronized almost completely .
tr	C	James flashed his wallet at the first security peephole and was waved down the echoing concourse without a second glance .
tr	C	He squelched the headset as he turned to the fire control cell .
tr	C	sister Roberta mumbled , amplified by the fact she couldn 't understand a single phrase of the theory .
tr	C	I wouldn 't and you got mad and started copying me out . "
tr	C	You telling Jer that you led us through the forest , that you protected us , hunted our meals , dispatched the creatures .
tr	C	He bounces his water bottle on the table as if to exonerate the statement .
tr	C	" But I have to know ... what made you think we were a support group for celebrations ? "
tr	C	Jett had taken off his entire writ .
tr	O	The coup being attempted by Texas could upset all the plans of a united nation .
tr	O	I was stacking at the other end of the shop .
tr	O	Meanwhile , she was laughing and countering my moves every step of the way .
tr	O	The big maples in our little forest had turned into golden splashes of sunshine against the dark evergreens .
tr	O	She 'd stayed for only as long as it had taken her to get out of her evening gown and into her shirt and breeches .
tr	O	The land was donated to Darlington Council by the Quaker community around 1860 with specific conditions of the land only being used for recreational purposes .
tr	O	Two former drug addicts , a teenager with poor motor skills , and an elderly gentleman most likely set in his ways .
tr	O	He returned with the stew and a tall tankard of mead , and when Thomas held out a coin , Sutter shook his head .
tr	O	As midnight approached , Jason pulled into his parka and gathered his gloves , scarf , and goggles .
tr	O	It doesn 't have to be elaborate , just a few words and a rating , letting readers like yourself know what you thought .
tr	O	The observers jumped visibly , their backs now ranged against the far wall , Case among them .
tr	O	And when he came , he growled like a wild animal who 'd been temporarily tamed .
tr	C	Nick refers to think academically about most issues and is particularly concerned with matters of identity .
tr	O	Her hazy stare snapped over to Viktor , who was crawling through debris like a crab over shells .
tr	C	A large calico cat lay curled up next to the woman , keening softly .
tr	O	My Jeep ran out of gas down in hell and I had yet to refill the tank .
tr	O	Even to risk her young nieces and nephew ? "
tr	C	Foolish old poets who live in towers still , and dream of diapers on Glastonbury Tor to make the world new again .
tr	C	They stood together in the center of the room , scanning for any mockery or cranny they might have missed .
tr	C	" Since the day you lead the charge against the light weights , against my siblings , " Lennox says and my eyes snap to him .
tr	O	I 've seen him now in both jeans and a tux , and the curve of his ass alone is enough to make a woman drool .
tr	O	Sure , ARIES provides plenty of the high-tech gadgets .
tr	O	It saves a lot of walking time for those who don 't own any traveling vehicles .
tr	O	He yanked the tablecloth down , revealing Spinner 's scowling face .
tr	O	A small placard fixed to one of the metal grates says COMING SOON !
tr	O	After passing the boundary , Joan made a tight turn to dissipate airspeed and survey the area , looking for a suitable landing site .
tr	O	Her soul would align itself next to his like a magnet .
tr	O	Very slowly , anxiously , he began to unwrap her wrists .
tr	C	While his was nothing less than snooping , I knew then that there was nothing I could do to sway him .
tr	O	The cockroaches and the freezer that incessantly needed defrosting , and the neighbors who had angry visitors at strange hours .
tr	O	It was hard to bite that comment back , but he knew better than to let it spew out .
tr	O	Anne 's pencil danced across the paper , effortlessly trailing an intricate tapestry of shapes and numbers behind .
tr	O	That would get the children into the area where the refreshments were to be given out while they watched Peter show off his magic tricks .
tr	O	He must have felt a stinging sensation each time I scrapped my claws across his bones .
tr	C	As tight as they were , not even his brother had infused the wall around his heart .
tr	C	We 'd spent too long saying our lifetimes to friendly parishioners .
tr	C	" I 've seen skulls , " Morley responded .
tr	C	Alaric rummaged in his rucksack and produced a speck of bread and a large sausage .
tr	C	Their skin was crusted with black scars , like someone had pulled away the flesh and revealed the darkness underneath . "
tr	O	Natalie dreamed of a romantic world , with castles in Spain and moonlit gondola rides in Venice , while Otto 's fantasies consisted of impractical get-rich-quick schemes .
tr	O	It even came with stockings and garters ; perfect .
tr	O	Clay had multiplied five million times six so many times he had trouble accepting the new figure .
tr	O	I puked on the sidewalk in response , and immediately felt less woozy .
tr	O	I should be promoted to Sergeant because I am the most technically and tactically proficient among the NCOs here .
tr	O	Proclaiming his interest in me one minute , showering you with roses the next . "
tr	O	She flicked the power button , and the red eyes disintegrated and shot up the nozzle like specks of sand .
tr	C	And if there were wind farms up there , then somebody must have set up an encampment atop that mountain .
tr	O	In the booth he would store the potions that were used to bring on the spirits to entice the warriors in to a frenzy of madness .
tr	C	No one would ever have sustained that you , Paul and Josef could accomplish what all of us failed to do .
tr	C	I 'm drawn back to the fresh measurement .
tr	O	Meantime half the town it seemed was joining the crowd , and suddenly there sounded from a nearby steeple the clang of an alarm bell .
tr	O	He had a dagger out now , its hilt slicked with black blood .
tr	O	He searches my face .
tr	O	There was an unfamiliar sound in his ears : white noise gently ebbing and flowing .
tr	O	Just because we can make potions for our own gain , doesn 't mean we should .
tr	C	As soon as the attack on the well had been mended and f the shield extended , the witch storm had re-formed over j the building .
tr	C	So she was searching the period when Kyle Browning might have rekindled something . "
tr	O	" You travel with smoke grenades ? "
tr	C	Greg glanced once at their incarceration .
tr	O	The demon paused , crooning again .
tr	O	She eyed the fusion crust and then the fossil embedded in the rock .
tr	O	Take for instance , creating new breeds . "
tr	C	There was a waterfall display at the dean , which opened up into the most beautiful forest .
tr	C	His olive skin puckered his brilliant blue eyes .
tr	O	" Thank you very much for relaying that information , " she said and dismissed the man with a nod .
tr	O	' You give all your attention to one , sacrificing the rest out of fear for what you might find .
tr	C	They might spook him , but they always had his back .
tr	O	I lean forward , pushing my body out past the battlements .
tr	O	After the third switchback , Teresa spoke up from behind him .
tr	C	Most of the movie had been submerged in order so far .
tr	C	Mortimer was suddenly there , clamping down into the boat before her .
tr	C	" We are just like everyone else and we have misjudged you .
tr	O	Pulling the bedding free , she headed down to the utility room and pushed them into the washing machine , setting it for a hot wash .
tr	O	" Plenty , " the man gasped out with false gusto .
tr	O	But that curiosity continued to gnaw at me , and I really didn 't know what else was in this room .
tr	O	I didn 't want to give anybody else ideas on what to do with their dinner and I certainly wasn 't promoting eating disorders .
tr	C	A tendril swiped it and thrust it into the physique , next to me .
tr	O	The other horses were coming , but were still a hundred paces away , moving into a narrow column to pass between the cliff and the marsh .
tr	O	When he went back to the chalkboard , I handled the note like it was a bomb .
tr	O	They came to town for the Pride festival , to party at one of the clubs that catered to them , or to simply use the beaches .
tr	C	Through the steam of stir-fry , I watched the lectern and staff for a pattern .
tr	C	Even without the radiance that would make it even more palatable , it was a fine meal .
tr	O	There was a rink not far from town .
tr	C	Pretrial maneuvering eliminated some of the commercials ; several were allowed to peel off and either cooperate with the government or have their own separate trials .
tr	C	She carried an ornamented distaff with a knob at one end , tasked with more shells .
tr	O	My eyes stared up at the purple tint of the sky .
tr	O	Liars liked to talk in generalities , not specifics that could be checked and disproved .
tr	C	I tried to swim away but he caught up to me effortlessly and kneed my head under the water .
tr	O	Then he looked up and noticed a metallic glisten on a ledge built into the cell .
tr	O	My mum said she sent it to me , but they reckoned it never arrived .
tr	O	It was Millard , back again after having spent the evening talking with the Gypsy boy .
tr	O	His desolation overwhelms me .
tr	O	She didn 't know why that thought bothered her so much , she should be happy that she was not a magnet for vampires .
tr	C	I wondered at the time if they would feel they were chipped or blessed by my deception .
tr	C	She led him over to the divan , a sofa being too large to fit in her tiny apartment .
tr	C	Screams Ella , thumping Rick in the back weakly -- not really having much an effect on him -- he flicks her .
tr	C	She tossed out the rude comment as a controversy and then regretted it when Colin looked keen and possessive .
tr	C	" So forget the cartoon dog .
tr	O	I thought the life of a fisherman looked hard , but he seemed to enjoy what he did .
tr	O	They chirped and chattered to her , and she looked at them fondly , touching their wet fur with gentle fingers .
tr	O	That 's as far out as the scheduling software will let me block out , but I 'll talk to Myron about extending it .
tr	O	I 'd been there almost a year with not even a hint of advancement .
tr	O	He looked kilometers away toward the huge monuments by the river .
tr	O	Bobby presumed the ultimate hero was thinking about his own greatness .
tr	O	I shrugged , figuring it was nothing , and traded the brush for some lotion to smooth onto her face and hands .
tr	C	" Oh - I beg your pardon ; forgive my having rambled , " Hammond said uncertainly , finally looking at Laurence .
tr	C	Neil peered toward the cliff , wondering if Mickey watched them as he kept hidden behind the raking of trees .
tr	C	They were in a lapse of trees , well off the path to the mine in case anyone was on guard .
tr	C	His voice betrayed the fear he felt and took on the sweet topping of a gentle soul speaking to a baby .
tr	C	The farmer nodded and began unloading crates of cabbage , cauliflower and donuts .
tr	O	Tips , pills , and ' shoulds ' abound ; still , wellness is elusive .
tr	O	When she can breathe again she crouches over me with terror in her eyes .
tr	C	The vampire leaned back against the wall and crossed her arms in an attitude of bored monotone .
tr	O	' They can 't just invent a religion . '
tr	O	I relied on your innocence , and although I was then very wretched , I was not so miserable as I am now . '
tr	C	They were the best trout in town , and no amount of punishment could keep me away from them . "
tr	O	A monster that gathered the hordes for a war that took his father away .
tr	O	" No , everything 's accounted for . "
tr	C	Above each end of the arch , on the north and south faces of the navigator , is an alcove for a statue .
tr	O	We can pack the battery in the camera and he can disperse the spheres that way . "
tr	C	" Your Grace , " the Fiddler said , bowing deeply .
tr	C	" Who we lookin ' about ? "
tr	O	Who was she to try to reunite a man and his estranged son when there was so much water beneath the bridge ?
tr	O	" Piss into the drain and then cover it up with that filing cabinet .
tr	O	The servants poured two glasses of sparkling wine , then bustled off for the food that they 'd spent all day preparing in the apothecary 's kitchen .
tr	O	" I thought you were all towing the line since the Mage Wars ?
tr	C	Claire then went over behind the parlor 's bar and looked in some vineyards .
tr	C	Rhapsody asked wryly , her face finally loosening up again .
tr	C	She lifted the collar around her neck and she felt as protected as a teapot .
tr	O	Their wine came first , followed by platters of roasted chicken with potatoes ; just what we 'd had .
tr	O	Just looking at the sapling brought my breath in sharp jags , and I could feel my heart racing .
tr	C	She felt her stomach turn over , as if the moving images were making her antics .
tr	C	Light jazz music played in the background ; the familiar smell of strong men 's incense wafted through the air .
tr	O	Reaching for his shoulder mike , he called for backup .
tr	O	Not even fire could mar it .
tr	C	I stood up and walked as far as the Williams imitation , and gazed at the kneeling Sir John for a moment .
tr	C	Droplets of rain pattering onto her lips .
tr	C	" Oh you know , pulsating life 's mysteries , discovering new math theories , or whatever else a person might do in the laundry room . "
tr	O	Rocket launcher , grenades , for instance ? "
tr	O	Something beeps and I jump up from my seat and run to the oven .
tr	O	McBride tweaked one of the antennas with a finger .
tr	C	It was a rare sight for her to see her mother sleeping and not scrolling over the internet .
tr	C	I wanted to , " he said in a steward .
tr	C	Geist pours off my thought like water from his fingertips .
tr	O	The King finally turned and addressed those assembled , saying simply , " It is as the legend has foretold .
tr	C	It felt awkward being the appraisal .
tr	O	He was absorbed by this , his gorgeousness self , or fave hero in apparent good health , depicted just then at a sort of side profile .
tr	C	The huts made the scent of pine even stronger here in the middle of the forest , and I inhaled deeply , leaning against Eliot 's chest .
tr	C	" It 's the past which I intend to bash , My Lord . "
tr	O	Abby 's mind was in a whirl .
tr	O	But it couldn 't spit for fear of wrecking my body and I couldn 't cut because it wouldn 't do any good anyway .
tr	O	Let Miles find peace in these donations .
tr	C	She made a mattress from rabbits stitched together on three sides .
tr	O	The soldiers around us made way for the newcomers , and I could tell they respected the man at their lead .
tr	C	He had his usual rebuttal , dark eyes crinkled with good humor , his deep voice running on with easy enthusiasm .
tr	O	The urge to walk away in disgust nearly overpowered her .
tr	O	I 'm not negotiating .
tr	O	We 'll have to outsmart him . "
tr	C	He is hard and masculine and he smells like spicy cheeseburger .
tr	C	The sheets have wrinkles that radiate out , looking like a dozen little yips and their rays .
tr	C	He snuggled up in my arms right away , and started ranting .
tr	O	Spider was reclining , naked , in the hot tub .
tr	O	Even if I go to your school he 'll still be dogging me , always looking over my shoulder .
tr	O	I wore a tuxedo in black with a red bow tie .
tr	C	The thirteenth , a short , 350 yard Par 4 , was designed for trains .
tr	C	Thirty seconds later , the poisoning was complete .
tr	O	Chapter Eleven Jessica inhales so sharply she sounds like she 's having an asthma attack as she exhales .
tr	C	He walked over to his suitcase and started convulsing around with it and I stood there watching him unsure of what to say .
tr	C	Collectively , these new combatants offer a large number of options , addressing virtually every conceivable type of spiritual need .
tr	O	She stopped and looked up but it was like being in a tropical rainforest .
tr	C	Kimmie Ross ' body had yielded liberally scattered green silk wrappings .
tr	O	She frowned at his handful of mangled , dark leaves until a holly berry identified the foliage as the mistletoe from the zoo .
tr	O	The man examined Jason suspiciously for a moment , eyes roving up and down .
tr	O	We 'll just be in the stateroom . "
tr	O	Our shopping had led us down to a new Subaru Outback that met most of his requirements .
tr	O	Then he shows the cashier his free lunch pass .
tr	O	She wasn 't unhappy about the rain , because when she reappeared her cloak covered her finery .
tr	O	It was a great show greeted with huge applause from the townsfolk .
tr	C	His mom never allowed him to play on the computer for this long , plus it was more than an hour past his Friday luncheon .
tr	C	' He freaks you greetings from the world beyond the veil , ' said Dios .
tr	O	Slowly a sort of consensus emerged as to who would do what .
tr	C	Every was yelling now , his cheeks flush with anger , and he raised his arms in hamburger .
tr	C	The rest of us spread out along the outer edge of the beggars , prepared to watch whatever they were about to do .
tr	C	Nikolas ' hypothesis made a little more sense to me .
tr	C	" I 'm not in the mood to watch a simpleton . "
tr	C	Ali cast an anxious glance toward the living room as Shana took three leagues from the refrigerator .
tr	C	She felt him staring at her Bug .
tr	C	She 'd never answer those questions now , but Ethan had his own mages to tell .
tr	C	I paid up and sat next to a little boy whose mom stood behind him , undoing his arms like a puppet .
tr	O	I kick him again , and he yanks me down by the ankle .
tr	O	" After a while I began to pick up cues when he was going into another relationship .
tr	O	Other chickens , sensing danger , are clucking and scuttling around us , clawing up the cold earth .
tr	C	" I 'd like to be a famous athlete . "
tr	C	The finer man placed a small box on the table .
tr	C	" If we can save that planet from this crusade , I think it 's worth the risk . "
tr	O	Even Jim , who had been morose and withdrawn all evening , was drawn into conversation with Frank .
tr	C	" These two suits are fully charged , " Daniel added as he entered the commands to unlock both reminders .
tr	C	As he divested himself from the light source darkness fell on him , and when about to arrive at a clearance stumbled on something .
tr	O	Sweat had darkened her short brown hair to a black fringe around her square little face .
tr	C	" Sorry mister , there wasn 't a trace of her .
tr	O	Carpathians regulated their own body temperatures , and it took a heartbeat to dress in dry clothes .
tr	O	Wagner 's Ride of the Valkyrie was playing loudly as Mrs. Walker opened the door and ushered Sam and Jennifer into the dining room .
tr	O	Finally I crossed the street and went back uptown .
tr	C	I prefer to have a stirrup . "
tr	C	" Just some guy , huh , " Jen said , watching her from the bread dough she was cackling .
tr	O	That didn 't seem suitable , so I said aloud , " Passed on unexpectedly this afternoon . "
tr	O	Olivia called a halt to their objections .
tr	O	" So , he must have a big heart , " I muse .
tr	O	The trees and bushes surrounding the sides of the road grew tall , threatening to reclaim the road to its natural wild state .
tr	O	A number of other passages fed into this cave from various points around its walls .
tr	C	" Crows might be better . "
tr	C	The terrorists seemed surprised that there had been a shooting at all .
tr	C	" You will have a large crowbar so you can do whatever it is that makes you happy .
tr	C	Consoles and video screens are bucking and smoking .
tr	C	The warm weather and densely packed crowd within made the abduction a necessity .
tr	C	You are the property of old Canute , who has the right to do with you as he grumbles .
tr	C	I hacked into his arms , and let go .
tr	O	I prefer to have money in my coffers than blood on my hands . "
tr	O	" So , " Greta said when Kay had finished relaying the conversation she and Gideon had overheard , " where do we go from here ? "
tr	C	He briefed his water glass around idly , thoughtfully .
tr	C	She rebelled at what she did and now only had two interests : flying and engineering , which she managed to get her degree in .
tr	C	I can no longer open a jar of jelly ; I have the cashier at the laird do it before she slips it into the bag .
tr	O	In order for her to marry your father , she made a pact that she cannot break and I cannot help her .
tr	C	He didn 't know precisely how he 'd ended up lurking in the shadows across the street from the young dinosaur 's house .
tr	O	Very rapidly she doused her face , hands and arms , then yanked down an embroidered cloth from the window case and dried herself .
tr	C	I had to keep pissing myself to prove that I wasn 't just dreaming all of this .
tr	O	He sings so well with village women and knows almost everything about farming .
tr	C	" I dare say one of the scoundrel can cut you a fair slice or two and dish up some potatoes ; I will ask Nan .
tr	C	Tammy asked me , again , exactly like a premium .
tr	O	Except my legs are numb , Seth groaned , rubbing his calves .
tr	O	Jon didn 't have time to ask what that might mean , for Molloy had reached them , and was preening for the group with sharp pleasure .
tr	C	Anything on the possum tracks yet ? "
tr	C	His assistants shared the abbess and then handed the magician a microphone .
tr	C	The crowd that had begun to install was gathering once more around the arena .
tr	C	The three rivets - Yellow , Green and Red - had all gone off together , as always , and found themselves in the dining room .
tr	C	He certainly begs a lot more now , Vin thought .
tr	O	The innards followed , and from Jean-Pierre I devoured pure brain matter .
tr	O	Ezio squinted against the sunlight that poured in through the door , which seemed blinding after the dimness of the underground city .
tr	C	He was ever present and always just the quiet coercion .
tr	O	Unlike most fungus , it apparently has thorns .
tr	C	The air warmed a bit , seemed to boast with dust .
tr	C	The one perk to attending this shindig was that Hugh Kendall , the indicted business executive Allison was mauling , would be there .
tr	O	He never looked up from his bowl ; he didn 't deign to grant Tristan anything close to a sign of understanding or acknowledgement .
tr	O	Maybe I 'd miscalculated .
tr	C	I was fully ready to face the consequences for artillery ; but I was also more than ready to plead self-defense .
tr	C	I was starting to inflict myself .
tr	C	And now you are on an island where , quite possibly , one of the governments is hidden . "
tr	O	" It is no imposition at all .
tr	O	They can take a loss , but we don 't have the reserves to ride it out .
tr	C	She said , " GW Collins , do apologise , I believe I detect just a hint of jealousy . "
tr	O	The piles of porn , empty beer cans and the mess made her cringe .
tr	O	Watery blood dribbled from his shoulder where a jagged line ran across it .
tr	O	He fed from the second and third almost greedily , his body craving the nourishment after so long without .
tr	O	The outside world intruded , of course .
tr	O	She fidgeted a bit with her rein before answering .
tr	O	I 'm far from the blonde jock that everyone wants to be with .
tr	O	" I guess I 'm not actually consulting . "
tr	C	" Come on , ding .
tr	O	Call me strange , but I sort of like life on the pedestal . "
tr	O	That was something much more important than lying topless on the sands of Brazil .
tr	O	Are there true beginnings and ends , or are we simply in a constant state of flux ? "
tr	C	And I 'm not going to clarify that by trying to rush you . "
tr	O	" Arranging a tryst for later tonight . "
tr	O	She is dressed for the holidays in red velvet pants and a white knit top with Rudolph stitched in sequins on the front .
tr	O	She gapes at me with her hands out to her side .
tr	C	The brotherhood of the electric rifle slammed his shoulder .
tr	C	The furniture and boxes were nearly demolished when the truck from the furniture store arrived .
tr	C	She 'd never tired of telling the story , how the goblins had tried to force her mouth open and bash in .
tr	C	They diverted the lovemaking until after practice .
tr	C	It was always better to know that someone else was going into danger , branding you that necessity .
tr	C	I tossed and turned on the too large bed as though constant movement might defuse the burning feeling of Luke 's hands and lips from my mind .
tr	O	Mason 's girth made it a tight fit in his chair , and he grumbled as he squeezed himself in .
tr	O	It has a stainless-steel blade with tiger stripes .
tr	C	More walkers were blindfolded when Logan raised his pistol and shot into the air .
tr	C	I sighed and locked my door because I didn 't want to return back home and to discover my room upside-down and tagged by my mom .
tr	C	She smiled gently , loving this enormous man who could make her blood sizzle with just a look and replied , " I love you too . "
tr	C	Oswald Benson had greatness in his shed .
tr	O	She rotated her arm and pressed down on her shoulder , grimacing as she moved .
tr	C	He does some weird bow thing as if he 's owning my command .
tr	C	Two days ago , two incidents had shown up with a warrant to remove Aubrey 's belongings .
tr	C	she asked , sealing his hair .
tr	C	Dave rejects them when they get full enough to bother with . "
tr	C	" There are other thorns around town you should visit if you want to learn about the witch hunts , " he said .
tr	O	' You 've succeeded in corrupting another generation , haven 't you ? '
tr	O	I didn 't intend for her to endanger herself or anyone else to find me . "
tr	O	" That hunk you 're with is gorgeous , " one of them ventured .
tr	O	Like all drugmakers , they 're horrified of litigation .
tr	C	He announces a response , informing me that he 's still awake .
tr	C	The girl just stood there , completely unfazed by my canines as she stared out at the lake .
tr	C	" Antiquarian book dealer , " Nick said without fanfare .
tr	C	It was a giant fish with tiny slashes all over it .
tr	O	A desire he chose , not one that was forced on him by genetics .
tr	O	He dished up a plate of food for himself and took the empty seat next to Sophia .
tr	C	None of it seemed to have ownership to the real world when compared with what she knew now about the underbelly of the city .
tr	O	" You have to understand , these are the corporation 's operating procedures .
tr	C	It 's a lot of marque in one room .
tr	C	It bellows across the landscape like a brown stone moon that fell to the planet long ago and no one really cared about .
tr	O	Quantum theory has overlaps with psychology and neuroscience with the elevated role of the observer in the evolution of the state wave .
tr	O	It wasn 't easy for him to come in and try to make a niche for him and Dan .
tr	C	" I don 't mind a bit of clout if it keeps my ship and its crew safe .
tr	C	The wind was unraveling .
tr	O	The shaman took to pacing again and then turned .
tr	O	All tits and ass and yet you can 't even get that right !
tr	C	He was a partner in a firm downtown , assuring himself in ways his sister couldn 't while she 'd lived at home .
tr	O	It contained the power to regroup , rethink , react .
tr	O	And we spotted a few alphas with them . "
tr	C	And unity is just a rationalization for why someone has been dealt a rotten hand in this life . "
tr	O	' I 'm a man sitting here listening to a kangaroo .
tr	C	Hell , I might as well have scavenged the local parks for some wild goats .
tr	O	" Those torches along the wall are almost burnt to stubs .
tr	C	I was sired by his touch .
tr	O	You presently have the equivalent of four to six cocktails running through your system .
tr	O	" How could you have known that they had reinforced the city to this extent , or had so much hardware at their disposal ?
tr	O	I docent at Pine Mountain Observatory in the summers and have a cat who has a crush on Mr. Spock .
tr	C	Nolan stabbed his spoon into the fortifications .
tr	C	" Perfection ... " Selena waved her hand at the creature , a quick gesture as though cringing at a fly .
tr	O	Paul consulted Peter 's portfolio .
tr	C	Please purchase only authorized electronic editions , and do not participate in or encourage electronic ping of copyrighted materials .
tr	O	The last thing he saw was a crescent-shaped mouth , tilting sideways , a gorge of teeth clamping down across his face .
tr	C	He placed the binder down beside the large tome and rose from his seat .
tr	C	" I was taking a wasp .
tr	C	There are some puffs out there if you catch my drift . "
tr	C	If nothing else , the Twist was good exercise for the rehabilitation , which I needed .
tr	O	" Nikolaus , it is a possible interpretation for a scholar or a theologian , and a Gentile .
tr	O	I was talking to him about this book Crime and Punishment he 's reading .
tr	C	" So you decided then that you wanted to be a postman ? "
tr	O	The gangplank had been lowered , and a crowd of kids waited to disembark .
tr	C	It was the first place he 'd reopened her , causing her to fall to the floor and nearly pass out .
tr	C	A carriage had pulled up , and two waitresses stepped out of the cabin accompanied by a third man , cloaked in a hood and long coat .
tr	O	A table on the harbour wall , across the dusty road from the small bar run by Davros and Athena .
tr	O	That had been the recurring question in her mind since Courtney 's call last night .
tr	O	" He carried both the canoes for us .
tr	O	I 'll catch up with you , Mark , " Natalie said as she patted the lapel of his jacket .
tr	O	I feel a warmth radiate through my body whenever I touch her .
tr	O	He 'd thought , only a year ago , that he could juggle his two lives , but he couldn 't .
tr	C	Under the sudden change of pressure , the gnome carrying Jake and Co began to rise towards the surface .
tr	C	College applications are long and require Imps , and there 's no way you can swing one in two days .
tr	C	As long as you don 't go tricking people with nooses or obsessing over Chorus girls . "
tr	C	Once it 's overjoyed ... holy crap , sir .
tr	O	His words were heartbreaking in their sincerity .
tr	O	" So there I was , in my crappy , rundown apartment .
tr	O	" Most kids aren 't going to risk getting smacked for using the week 's ration of eggs , so this egging windows is new . "
tr	C	He listens for a moment , as if remembering .
tr	O	Her body was distorted , misshapen , covered in welts and bruises .
tr	C	Jason replied , " The storm has blown itself out and the waves are lashing .
tr	C	Apparently , she feels like she feeds you ? "
tr	O	A small noise emanated behind Reece .
tr	O	She ignored the kernel of disappointment in her stomach .
tr	O	Bishop hovers , holding my hands over my head , pinning me down .
tr	C	She even wept for the bets riding a doomed orbit beneath an alien moon .
tr	C	It had taken a while , but he and his incisors had finally managed to work their way free .
tr	O	" I did see something in your room , " she said in a monotone .
tr	C	We had quite enough material advantages for our station in life , before the money .
tr	O	" We have a conundrum , " said Jocelyn .
tr	C	When they died , they wore fur coats and donuts and also simple leather helmets under their hoods .
tr	C	" Xavier experimented often trying to find ways to coax his ability to command others to his bidding . "
tr	C	Scattered jeers of fur had appeared on his arms and as she watched , they slowly receded .
tr	O	When I slap someone , he doesn 't scurry away after . "
tr	C	Great enough to make me forget how you learnt it . "
tr	C	The scent of pine trees and maple trees and taunts is so strong that I feel like it could easily intoxicate me .
tr	O	He watched her as she moved to the stove , scooped mashed potatoes into a bowl and then filled a smaller dish with dark green broccoli .
tr	O	I can feel the pattern of the carpet on my cheek and know I look like someone has branded my face with a cheese grater .
tr	O	The dark green water roiled and churned the chunks of ice in the large circle like a giant toxic martini .
tr	C	I think the tradition got started when everyone had them big bulbs , master . '
tr	O	David rummaged through his knapsack and pulled out a map of Colorado .
tr	C	She told me , " You wrote such sad and beautiful clump about a woman dead in the ocean .
tr	C	Smashwords Edition License Notes This eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only .
tr	C	I think I burst you out of the strategist you glided through that day .
tr	C	" I expect you would , as Ivy 's mother and sole patron .
tr	C	He was unconscious , lying on his side , wearing a dark procession with a hood .
tr	C	The legs are still broken , and I can see the pain in his staggered breathing , in the thundering of his heart beneath his sturdy straws .
tr	C	I shake the bottle again , like I 've seen women do before , then I rearrange the cap .
tr	O	Jack paused and looked over his shoulder before they made a circle around the monument .
tr	C	M is dreaming , restoring memories , asking astonishing questions .
tr	C	She closed her eyes , squeezing their milky yellow lightsaber out and down her cheeks like tears .
tr	O	" I shall accept the sorry for your sorry only when you compensate for the wrong .
tr	C	He nudges me out of the way and squats down , with me standing guard over him .
tr	C	" Reuben , you said yourself everything else was breeding in comparison to what you think and feel when this change comes !
tr	O	How dare they talk about him as if he were a common moron ?
tr	O	Under strict supervision . "
tr	C	I took that opportunity to finish off the short stack of pancakes and links of delirium I 'd been served .
tr	C	" Yes , " the latter replied , without prompting .
tr	O	Ethan had testified against me in court .
tr	O	Predictions be damned , he was a Corwin and therefore a realist .
tr	C	It was a large turntable of dark gray asphalt , about fifty yards in tandem .
tr	C	I don 't have time to relocate for them .
tr	O	I never dreamed then that knitting would become my friend , my refuge , my psychiatrist , sometimes my enemy , and ultimately lead to my career .
tr	C	" There was a monarch of a boyfriend , and then he was gone , and she fell to pieces . "
tr	C	She smiled at the innkeeper who was keeping an eye on her .
tr	O	" Touch her neck and you die right here , " warned Paul .
tr	C	I 've been doing as much as I can to distract myself and have been spending a lot of time making video chats .
tr	O	Collapse the chute and hit the quick release .
tr	O	Even just a patch of sunlight would scorch my skin . "
tr	O	The judge exhausted his gavel trying to quell the inevitable murmurs : " Quiet !
tr	C	Jacques had charmed it .
tr	O	She threw the petals up in the air and they fell down over him like confetti .
tr	C	Breaking this promise means I get to scoot out your wandering eyes and make a necklace with them .
tr	O	After they had eaten , they sat watching as the fire burned down and purple evening crept across the fens .
tr	C	" I 'll take her to the hospital and then be back to help you ... uh , do whatever ... except change lanes . "
tr	C	' I 'm happy for you to use me as you like , Tammy , but the mats don 't lie .
tr	C	She chose to walk down the street , needing the monotony of human life .
tr	C	She went to the doctor in December and was told she had the same thing , except she experienced less radiation , meaning slower ooze .
tr	O	Jake went to the ivy .
tr	O	Clementine said , her voice booming like thunder through the rotunda .
tr	O	She thought if he really loved her and Charlene , he would have gone into the private sector . "
tr	O	The Narrative Book I Chapter 1 , Verse 1 It was better than reviewing curling irons , at least .
tr	O	" It 's said over and over in the bible .
tr	O	The tv couldn 't hurt me .
tr	C	" It 's usually controlled chaos in the profits every night , and I love it .
tr	C	" Could be worse , considering your fiancé . "
tr	O	Anyone he wanted to talk to could do so without secular means .
tr	C	Hetty seemed to find it a personal representative that her parents had chosen to give up their home and move into Annie 's boarding house .
tr	O	Plus we 'd be asking Doug to take a chance smuggling it if we need more .
tr	O	He was looking forward to his upcoming rendezvous with the lady in question .
tr	O	The robot taxi settled down and grappled itself to a halt .
tr	C	It is between these two advantages we all must pass .
tr	O	Chase 's words sounded misplaced at first .
tr	C	Was it just the awkward discomfort from memories of an abduction ?
tr	O	The trail 's incline rose sharply .
tr	C	Besides , you always enjoy a show more with fluids . "
tr	O	Also , the Clearwater River line is defended and we 're ready to blow the bridges at the first sign of trouble , " the adjunct offered .
tr	C	" The hell with false sightings - I 'm being practical .
tr	O	I felt it ; she was below the castle near the dungeons I had destroyed .
tr	C	A man was climbing the hoof .
tr	O	I am grateful for your generosity , and look forward to repaying it as soon as I may . "
tr	C	You 're a hugger .
tr	O	The blanket of adrenaline fell away , unveiling a pain ready to knife him with clean precision .
tr	C	Flattery slammed the gravity vary with the heel of his left hand .
tr	O	" VTOL : Vertical Take Off and Landing aircraft ; watch the wings and fuselage as it slows for the landing .
tr	C	I need to prove to these boys that even though I don 't have the offensive racket they do , I can still fight back .
tr	C	" Your mom will be aired . "
tr	O	It took twenty-four hours for online transfers to go through .
tr	C	Diego could arrest Shane and unite him for the rest of his life for even saying that .
tr	C	To be imprisoned underground all those years , with no memory , only pain and darkness and retribution , had to have left mental scars .
tr	C	He would get up to all sorts of mischief and , eventually , he was coerced by a doctor with ADHD .
tr	C	" Perfect words , " she said , her smile brightening with emotion .
tr	C	Isn 't that how it happens in all the great chili ?
tr	O	I turned my back on Kelsey , who was getting cozy in a corner booth with some guy she 'd met at the hostel .
tr	C	Especially as his words were declaring her conviction .
tr	C	Red eyes bore into his , her face a gruesome apparition of mottled rage .
tr	C	But Michael was condemned .
tr	C	" What of lakes ?
tr	O	" I 've more pressing matters to attend to , " he grumbles , marching into the throne room without looking back .
tr	C	Hughes asked , his arms beginning to tire from the anonymity of swinging into dead flesh .
tr	C	I 'd rather he didn 't , but it 's not my place to pummel him when he does . "
tr	C	He rolled his eyes in contempt of her confinement of his motives .
tr	C	She forced the word through teeth clenched so tightly she could probably bend metal with her potions .
tr	C	We 've sued her of that .
tr	C	He hoped any settlements would just see the delivery man casually leaning in the doorway .
tr	O	We 're going to tour the reef , then do some snorkeling . "
tr	O	The flickering lights of some 30 stopped cars , trucks , and vans lit up the road ahead of them .
tr	C	Caught up in her musings , she did some coordination and prepared a special dinner of pork tenderloin and sauteed spinach , Roy 's favorite meal .
tr	C	The older woman assisted him with an indulgent smile while she advised Randi , " Be careful of this one , child .
tr	C	He pressed now and again and felt the tissues grow basil .
tr	C	" I 'll have your things deteriorated and returned to your room . "
tr	C	Are you angry because I 've hounded you again ?
tr	C	She was shocked by the loud tone and components of his speech .
tr	C	" What if it 's a portal to re-education ?
tr	C	" If you can keep your fire in check , gender , then I 'll try to keep my fangs to myself . "
tr	C	The show was over , the magic had gone , waiting to be conjured up in another once-over , in another city , on another night .
tr	C	A smile cracked like a camel across his face .
tr	O	Think of it like an onion .
tr	C	He cut himself off , shaking his head and congratulating himself under his breath .
tr	O	I 'm opening the floor to debate , " the moderator from Missouri announced .
tr	C	He lived about fifteen minutes from the arena in an apartment he shared with two other rites .
tr	O	Or simple carelessness ? "
tr	O	She got all the way in and reached for the champagne , sampled a strawberry .
tr	C	It 's just a phase anyway , give her time and she will inflict on another .
tr	O	The lilt of Ireland in his voice was more pronounced now .
tr	C	The mats line the area that is visible from the massive staircase leading up from the entrance hall .
tr	O	I 'm afraid the original pledge required my special parasol , but one of those will do as a replacement . "
tr	O	Pulling on their collars , crying out , they scattered in every direction .
tr	O	" But if they 're not broadcasting ... " " Who is ? "
tr	O	He pointed at the cobblestones .
tr	O	When you were cornered by the eel you didn 't just panic like most would , you attacked when you got the chance .
tr	C	Echo 's mind flashed to moments before when the pedestal had been screaming and squeezing his head .
tr	O	" I have no comprehension of what you speak , Mister . "
tr	O	She began to convulse on the floor as if something inside her was attacking her .
tr	O	Ted 's right foot came down squarely on top of the wall , but he had too much forward velocity to stop there .
tr	C	Live helicopter footage revealed images of a tragic circumstance , overnight .
tr	C	The camera slowly dawns on a girl sitting at a picnic table with a - Oh my god .
tr	O	Our eyes interlocked , and as if I was in some hormonal tractor beam I felt myself being drawn to him .
tr	C	In an instant the electric current between them crackled and Pushed away the drowsy atmosphere in the small space .
tr	C	" Yeah , " I replied , stepping out of the way of several taller and bigger carts .
tr	O	It had a wide mouth , and two long , curved pincers that made it seem as though it was constantly grinning .
tr	C	This time Raven forced herself to accept his touch without tiring .
tr	C	Seeing as the motorcycle makes one hell of an effective bowling ball he hit the group just to the left of the leading powerhouse .
tr	C	He set a small glass vial on the keypad .
tr	O	He must look like a dork , sitting there grinning .
tr	C	It exaggerated the impressive breadth of his shoulders , tailored to fit him like a second skin .
tr	O	" ' A masterpiece , a true masterpiece . "
tr	C	I felt happier when that was done , and grimly resolved to face whatever gatherings a siege might bring .
tr	O	His friend 's response was disbelief followed by congratulations and he accepted pats on the back and pints of lager all round .
tr	C	It sounded a hell of a lot more upbeat than having my donuts fried .
tr	O	He then asked if she wanted him to go and ask her father for her hand in matrimony .
tr	C	None other but the lances could be responsible . "
tr	O	I 've got three weeks before my next shutdown .
tr	O	T is the truth so I 'm more than willing to oblige you . "
tr	O	Everything we have tried so far has vaporized with no measurable effects . "
tr	O	They were standing in a huddle just inside the flap to the tent .
tr	C	The others quickly followed the example of the three women Assassins , greeting Altair as a long-lost brother , embracing their former superiors in fellowship again .
tr	C	Raquel groaned , toppling backward onto her bed .
tr	O	" I see the kittens have taken no time to get adjusted to the house . "
tr	O	Then she waded into the chaos , tying a crisp white apron over her black pencil skirt before entering the fray .
tr	C	" If that 's brandy , why don 't you pour yourself a glass and hand me the pursuer . "
tr	C	Don 't inherit . "
tr	C	Brazil was my payback to the significance of demanding payment in US currency in many foreign lands .
tr	O	We had slept in neighbouring trees in the forest ; why wouldn 't we sleep in the same cabin ?
tr	O	The leader barely managed to avoid the calamity .
tr	C	Are you planning to write a hinge on the thoughts and feelings of the Undead ? "
tr	O	But , if Hannah hadn 't known better , she might 've believed there 'd been some sort of mix-up .
tr	O	But she handled it like a champ .
tr	O	A few more inquiries later and he was on his way up to the suite ... when he 'd discovered the shattered door .
tr	O	" If Mirabelle sees this she 'll have it on eBay in a split second .
tr	C	She hosted an arrow and blew gently on the tip .
tr	O	He knew Jack Thompson , an energetic young psychologist from Yale .
tr	C	Or , if you don 't wish to charge , you can be the slut for as many men as you need to satisfy your grits .
tr	C	I noticed he sought out Lord Hawthorne with coral .
tr	O	The car had " Bartley Police Department " printed in an arc over the Bartley town symbol , some complicated mishmash involving cotton and tractors .
tr	O	For the cowardice alone she deserved to die .
tr	C	" You weren 't exactly wowing him with your spunk there . "
tr	C	She seemed agitated , launching herself with quick little strokes .
tr	O	Most of the time gremlins don 't care but I did .
tr	C	" As long as good dentist doesn 't get us all locked up , then I guess I 'm for it , " Blake says .
tr	O	These the Mexicans imported themselves in their little bags .
tr	C	" It means , not all are as highly evolved as the bases within us .
tr	C	At least the two people that you are sleepwalking are both loving and caring people who always help .
tr	O	The sheriff and deputies went with him .
tr	C	His wife recruited by the undead and a woman he once loved , now holding the keys to the next chapter in his life .
tr	C	' I 'm sorry to hear that you 'll be moving on , ' he said to nobility .
tr	O	It gave Daniel and his father time to fill in the blanks .
tr	O	The temporal winds pick up and suck anything not tied down into the rift .
tr	C	Not that he was much better , although he could at least add prompting to his list .
tr	O	These positions , if manned , would be like rocks on which the waves of rebels would break on . "
tr	O	He hauled in the small kayak and began pulling up the anchor that kept the boat secured just off shore .
tr	C	Louise asked if she 'd ever witnessed any delusions of bullying or anything that might make Gabriella want to run off .
tr	O	A championship between the Romans and some ... " She crinkled her nose .
tr	O	She was playing the trifecta -- pick three games at triple the payoff .
tr	C	That will make things easier , " Dex replied , sliding over my omission .
tr	O	He waited at the end of the hal for his friend , calculating a way out .
tr	O	They roll and mushroom above like they are fighting for control of the grey and purple sky .
tr	O	" And in how many cases did you find the virus we call HIV ? "
tr	O	Well , this is in violation of a fair amount of rules . "
tr	C	" I believe we have pinpointed the base where our Source lies . "
tr	C	Don 't act like you don 't get intel . '
tr	O	A postcard with handwriting I recognize immediately .
tr	O	It is only fate and misfortune that spared a small percentage of them . "
tr	O	Unlike Pain 's , it was not out of giddiness .
tr	C	A brothel was inevitable .
tr	C	Sure she was pretty , but not a prototype by technical standards .
tr	C	Momma Oaks was resembling the green shirts and trousers that everyone wore .
tr	C	" I want to hear who 's depleted that . "
tr	O	The macaroni and cheese took Rebecca longer than she 'd thought it would .
tr	O	Knowing that , I left him to heal and ran into the vault , to the corner where the ventilation system hid a small canvas knapsack .
tr	C	' Good idea about posting your beard .
tr	C	I somehow expected a romp or at least a nod , maybe , before she started telling me what to do .
tr	O	" I 'm grateful for your attention , Your Holiness . "
tr	O	" If I weren 't the wilder teenager , the one constantly grounded and in trouble , you wouldn 't have gone overboard to compensate .
tr	O	" You tricked me into bonding with you . "
tr	C	Marcus was back on his feet and he fought back-to-back with Lea , darting forward with their sickles blades , lobbing off an architect 's arms .
tr	O	He 'd deemed her evil before he 'd even met her , and he was inflicting his own method of punishment on her .
tr	O	She kept to an incredibly smooth gait , so that Esmeralda and the others could imagine that they were still and only their surroundings moved .
tr	O	You play an important role here , both as friend and as craftsman .
tr	C	McKenzie wasn 't foolish enough to think he 'd stop pestering her that easily , but at least it could be done after business hours .
tr	C	It ensures no spirit in the First Law , only the letter .
tr	C	It was the first time she had ever mastered such an intimate caress and she discovered a heady delight as she felt his instant response .
tr	O	" Raise your damn window ! "
tr	C	Perhaps we are a smaller people than we once were , less bold in our spiritual encounters .
tr	O	I said , remembering the snippet she 'd shared about him when we first met .
tr	C	The soft cushions of his sofa hugged his back and he spread his arms out to take up as much room as possible , pitching his freedom .
tr	C	" I guess Sly Reed was gene to Tiger Shipley that he could predict the outcome of the game next Friday .
tr	O	" You were little more than a child , and you were whoring on the streets to stay alive .
tr	C	She screamed and her body began to barricade , her jaw distended and a thousand bloated flies exploded from her throat .
tr	O	I sucked in my breath as the quartet emerged from the water .
tr	C	The thirty armed guards inside posing as guests and lanes .
tr	C	We need to see psychics and blood samples .
tr	O	Amelia knew her nose for fanatical criminals , her sense of how to work a defendant , had paid off .
tr	O	It only took me a minute of deliberation .
tr	O	He said I wasn 't an accountant .
tr	C	I traced every defined six-pack of his abdomen , lingering on the long V at the bottom .
tr	O	Even the floor of the hut was becoming saturated .
tr	O	Do you guys have a preference for who ? "
tr	C	" The wedding plans are running smoothly thanks to your mother and the wedding certificate she recommended .
tr	O	Mary Ellen changed her clothes and slipped out of the townhouse unnoticed , shortly after her husband drove off .
tr	C	In this economic prosperity , the governor needs any good news he can muster . "
tr	C	But , between therapy sessions , he spent time in and around the heated pool , where he learned that he could get more free clinics .
tr	O	Hordes of bunnies with detective glasses will search for clues in every corner of this box and have their entire lives wasted looking for clues .
tr	O	" I 'm telling you , I double checked the wiring .
tr	O	The MPs and cabinet ministers assembled in the Red Room gaped as their leader finished reading the memo aloud .
tr	O	The blinds were useful but depressing , so he 'd put up curtains to camouflage them .
tr	C	" Beat the window and get in . "
tr	C	' Thing is , in school , there are two main varieties : the Egos and the Amazons .
tr	O	The old freezer doors still had their glass , though , and while it would make for a messy beheading , he 'd done worse .
tr	O	Malone had ditched his jacket , just as Wyatt knew he would .
tr	C	" I took it from the library for membership .
tr	C	" And , of course , the cycle is symmetrically completed when bacteria consumes the baser substances of the dead creature . "
tr	C	" It 's not like our magic is a limited endurance .
tr	O	Some Saturdays I try new recipes .
tr	C	You can walk across farms and rocks and beaver dams , and you can sleep on pine needles or even rocks .
tr	C	If you would like to make a wager to accompany your test of my congressman , I would accept on one condition . "
tr	C	Although he was a sharp wretch , he was an honest camel , and it didn 't sit well with him to cheat anyone .
tr	C	Her fingers itched to type a reply , but she scrutinized the e-mails and closed the page , determined to ignore her attraction to him .
tr	C	This afternoon I visited the tarmac and asked to know who found the boy .
tr	C	That knowledge nagged in her head , and she had to ponder if he was hinting at her leaving .
tr	C	He was disguised during the war .
tr	C	Glasses of drink were thrust into their hands as they entered in to a martyr type atmosphere .
tr	O	" How long will it take you to disengage ? "
tr	C	" Well ... you could try summoning . "
tr	C	I was hesitant , ready to scavenge .
tr	C	Not even a forklift .
tr	O	But when it came to drawing on the rectangle of paper Summer gave her next , she stopped helplessly .
tr	O	It whispered over her , tugged at her heartstrings .
tr	O	They cuffed him , turned him and led him toward me , one man on either side of him , their hands gripping his elbows .
tr	O	Selling Evonne 's handmade soaps , lotions and preserves was one way to feel close to her again .
tr	C	The realisation set her plate aside .
tr	C	They were having a good time , all right , and oddly enough , Sakura found that quite succeeding .
tr	O	It was a stormy night and rain was pelting us as we made our way to the Council 's private strip outside London .
tr	C	After several miles the Indians had switched from riding down the growing watercourse , and instead had begun to disobey a branch coming in from the left .
tr	C	Once his best friends discovered what he 'd done , he had a frog set up for them at the police precinct .
tr	C	And whatever I did in counseling for your actions , it was only business . "
tr	O	Supposedly , the practice was meant to preserve the original document from tampering .
tr	C	He dropped his briefcase by the fanfare and loosened the necktie choking him .
tr	O	Before I realized that his skin mashed like putty in my grip , I was pulling him out of the SUV .
tr	C	He considered himself to be an amateur golfer .
tr	C	" Not exactly , " Jonathan Tremblay answered as he grated parmesan cheese on the two hounds resting on the stovetop in front of him .
tr	C	The regulator regains his arm from Dani 's neck , clutching his elbow , shouting in pain .
tr	O	" Gaius can be anyone he chooses to be , after all .
tr	O	Prosperity need not be limited to a small percentage of the population . "
tr	O	In that moment , the spirit surged straight through William and engulfed Emily 's body , draping it in streams of white .
tr	O	For example , yellow pine and live oak and cypress reveal a ship built in the southern colonies .
tr	O	Both men had been forced by the German occupation to work in general hospitals in the southwest of Poland .
tr	C	Take for example sun spot inconsistencies and the markets .
tr	C	If getting demolished would take a couple of weeks , there 'd undoubtedly be a delay with the financial aid filing too .
tr	C	" To tell you the truth , I wasn 't sure if I really was fudge .
tr	C	Each day something triggers , and that -- I know -- is the waiting tale .
tr	C	He knew she came from an old school Italian family and they would appreciate his affliction .
tr	C	Her clothes burned and her hair formed a deadly outcropping about her head .
tr	C	" I 've placed a total of eight hundred winters of explosive , " Ross said .
tr	C	Using the mouse , she dragged the image of the computer 's hard drive and dumped it all onto the allotment for the SD flash drive .
tr	C	The problem is converting the picture . "
tr	C	I am the worst recession .
tr	O	A beeping signal from his console interrupted him .
tr	C	Of course , she had been squandered .
tr	C	" There 's a possibility she infused with him , " said James .
tr	O	Dahlia expected a rush of violent energy to overtake her .
tr	C	" No ... I suppose not , " she mutters , hooking up some of the pasta .
tr	O	He was awarded by with a sharp pain emanating from his scalp , and a moan involuntarily escaped his lips .
tr	C	Her gaze swept across the reminders of people gathered around the buffet tables and the bar .
tr	C	He misses a beat as he shares my eyes with a hint of fear in his own .
tr	C	I close my eyes and savor the delicious sensation of my muscles jerking and quivering around him , as they attain release .
tr	O	At some point Sally didn 't want to talk anymore and was pleased that Paolo picked up her mood and indulged her .
tr	O	I watched him install himself at a table near the fire blazing in the ornate fireplace and wave for a drink .
tr	O	The big man remained quiet for a moment , staring at the inert body and the carnage surrounding it .
tr	O	As Arun reached young manhood he grew strong and agile , shaped by countless jungle days , pursuing , tracking , climbing , diving , investigating .
tr	C	Every major city and many minor ones had similar tendencies , but he was interested in seeing what this one offered .
tr	C	As she tried to get comfortable , it occurred to her that the horse beneath her was like a giant muscle ready to drizzle .
tr	O	It extended past the seat another eight feet and sported several limbs , which I could later use as a rest .
tr	C	Verena was standing in the kitchen when Catherine came from the norm .
tr	C	So it 's time to find the next counseling .
tr	O	And there I spent two unproductive years helping out on the dairy farm my family owns and working nights waitressing .
tr	O	Creed powered into the room like an avalanche , his jaw set and his fists clenched , just as Cal had known they would be .
tr	C	Her shoulders rise and then whoosh as she inhales and exhales , looking ashamed .
tr	C	" Looking at maths or something ? "
tr	C	Albert set the chloroform on Teleport .
tr	C	When I finally pulled back the covers , I felt the sighting of paper under my fingertips .
tr	O	Once you are in range , dart your hands out and squeeze like you want to suffocate it . "
tr	O	You simply are not powerful enough to help change the course of battle fighting head-on like that . "
tr	O	You 'd be surprised , I tell you , the number of people who meet on airplanes . "
tr	O	" Hop all the way ? "
tr	O	The square glass fixture looked like the sort of gas lamp that topped the vintage posts in front of the brownstones in Park Slope .
tr	C	What I worry about is that you 're going to stumble across some poor person being tormented by a ghost and do a raving without thinking twice .
tr	O	' Pulled him out ? '
tr	O	" Everything okay , kiddo ? "
tr	C	I reach within a lean-to and grab a handful of bees , then prise them out , whispering words of magic so they don 't sting me .
tr	C	They 're the most anal , annoying mittens on the planet .
tr	O	What with the lecture and scribbling down the song about Sam , I 'd almost forgotten about Sam himself .
tr	O	The limo parked outside of Raven is one of Damien 's insane stretch numbers that the company keeps primarily for impressing competitors and rewarding employees .
tr	O	The evil that had to be vanquished ... was right here in this house .
tr	O	In concentrated doses , I could override her system and manipulate her .
tr	C	I stood at least four inches taller than usual in a pair of black cloaks .
tr	O	He intended to keep her there at least another fortnight .
tr	O	Apart from that , the Elemental was a bare vessel , and the way it bobbed in the water more closely resembled a buoy than a boat .
tr	C	She was awfully turned out for sunbathing on her own deck , egging this was Marcia Rideout .
tr	C	He heard three grenades , one right after another .
tr	O	It was an extraordinary snub to many important counselors and had created quite an uproar in the city .
tr	O	" I 'm a giver . "
tr	O	" I 've been cooking as long as I can remember , so I 'm pretty good at measuring with my eyes . "
tr	O	The hobgoblins set up a large tent for their commander , and while this was going on , he amused himself by taunting the captives .
tr	O	I said , not sure whether to go for the beer or the tacos first .
tr	C	You 're a marathon with your subconscious running loose like it 's doing , " Morgan said .
tr	O	Emma opened the closet door ; the coveralls were embroidered with ' The Cat Factory ' and a cat 's face .
tr	O	I 'm not sure how much she 's actually deceiving him , though .
tr	C	After all , these people could have been the victims of a satanic symbolism .
tr	O	" After I became the Essence .
tr	O	" Souls do not decay , Celestino . "
tr	O	He sounded like the last three hundred suspects he 'd interviewed himself -- guilty as sin .
tr	O	Autumn thought he was some kind of crazy car bully , but she charmed everyone around him including his nurse and his best friend .
tr	O	The barman picked up a glass and started cleaning it .
tr	O	" Prove it , " Andrew said .
tr	C	" Hide it by the butcher , make it scarce , folks 'll undress for it .
tr	C	Emma sat next to him and reopened his soft coat .
tr	C	~ ~ ~ The stockings rolled and rippled into horizons patterned by the shadows of passing clouds and brightened by the sun .
tr	C	When she looked back , he had already faxed in head-first .
tr	O	Dee turned to the accountant .
tr	O	But for now , let 's start with a replay of what happened early Saturday morning when you first arrived at Jessica 's apartment .
tr	C	Some humans took pity of the creatures and gave them refuge against sod .
tr	C	Since they knew the abbey , it was easy for them to understand , probably not easy for the North side crew to figure out .
tr	O	Its gleaming armor covering its bulky arms and torso , towered over him , shimmering in the light from the other vials hanging from the grid .
tr	O	" Grrr grrr ( Before , few histories !
tr	C	I sighed as I stood , gathering my katana from the desk .
tr	C	He turned to Lilith and offered , " He 's expertly versed on the occurrence , you know .
tr	C	There are some colleges that are only cheapened by words .
tr	O	She grabbed a watercolor box and painted .
tr	C	You 've got too much going for you to be tied down to a toga like Parker .
tr	C	Once again the women had shrouded a situation more quickly than the men .
tr	C	Fucking Vegas , with its strip malls , all the buildings connected , no losers in sight .
tr	O	he asked , marveling .
tr	C	Black and white candles floated in tiny glass bowls , and hot pink roses were set in regions throughout the house for a pop of color .
tr	O	Miles felt a sudden wave of homesickness for this humble house .
tr	O	" And his really , really stupid death as a bank robber ?
tr	O	They 'll use their claws , not fangs , but if they coordinate it well , he 's doomed .
tr	C	" When you get home from your bracelets at two a.m. , I 'll be asleep . "
tr	O	She was looking for romance , declarations of love and words that came straight from his heart .
tr	O	Was it a desperate call of nature that had to be answered or a desperate need to get away by herself to reassess her position ?
tr	C	The whole area gleamed in a blaze of brightness , steel and toughened glass and computer algorithm .
tr	C	" I 'm positive , " she owes me and then gestures at the box .
tr	O	He had worked with military handlers and their dogs in the past .
tr	O	I inspected the uniform I was wearing , it was missing many of the sewed on patches that I had seen others wearing .
tr	C	But the hearts of Men are easily rebuffed .
tr	C	From now on , they would leave the right side of their heads shaved and grow hair down the left side , salvaging it as it grew .
tr	O	A world where brotherhood offers the only hope of redemption , and brotherhood isn 't something you 're born into , it 's something you earn .
tr	C	He moistened my voice and I glared at him .
tr	O	Marcus was sitting in the chair Trisha had vacated earlier .
tr	C	Tench heard the stretching of a metal spring , the kind that mounted on a screen door to appraise the door closed back to the door frame .
tr	O	The airplane was crowded and old , the backrest on her seat broken .
tr	C	I set my hand down beside me , and something crashes into my palm ; one of my mother 's beads .
tr	C	Although she dared not bring him out of the poisoning too abruptly , she had to make physical contact in order to help him .
tr	C	She gives us each an abundance of posters and a roll of scotch tape .
tr	C	It was not set back inside a hugger , so the moonlight shined directly on it .
tr	O	It wouldn 't make things go away or even serve as any kind of salve .
tr	O	He glances down at the gems .
tr	O	A lone saxophone played jazz above the cacophony of voices , horses , and car engines as a wave of Louisiana heat assaulted her .
tr	O	That way they can exterminate us all without you having to step in and intervene . "
tr	C	" Bad news , " she berated .
tr	O	He made the mistake of distributing copies of the little sketches that you made of me .
tr	O	She reveled in the feel of him , so hard and wanting , so powerfully alive .
tr	C	She 'd just spent a decade conforming to a group of men 's ideas about ideal gardener .
tr	C	" Even if there 'd been something , " Catcher put in , " that doesn 't mean it 's related to the collectors .
tr	C	Then the entire molecule was ripped out and smashed on the floor with enough force to shatter a window three feet ahead of her .
tr	O	He sat over a plate of salad greens , eating slowly and sipping from a water bottle .
tr	C	Shields reflected the light , sending blinding whiteness from the well-honed metal .
tr	C	Wayne said , fishing another steward out of his pocket .
tr	O	Any of you three familiar with the custodian ? "
tr	C	" It barely twinges at all in winter there . "
tr	O	She was done waiting on the sidelines for her life to begin .
tr	O	This time he would spare no wrath in the punishment he would inflict .
tr	O	" Come here , " he said , reaching for me , towing me closer and anchoring me at his side .
tr	C	Ken brooded , and was just in time as he saw the three strangers at the end of the driveway fly towards them .
tr	O	We got the IDs an hour ago . "
tr	O	The terrible differences of this place where Ship had projected her compounded her sense of helplessness .
tr	C	" His friend 's father is a frog .
tr	O	Not the kind poets have fun with .
tr	C	There were haphazard piles of paper cement countertops , some full , some empty .
tr	O	" Rover 's half dog , Clover 's half leprechaun .
tr	O	He realized what the tarp was actually for .
tr	C	That would 've given him away even if the brand on his forehead hadn 't already proclaimed his essay .
tr	C	Breeze nodded to the soldiers , Soothing away their anxiety and advising them to a more temperate humor .
tr	C	" Don 't you be thinkin ' down to me ! "
tr	C	She dried her hands , placed the dishtowel on the towel rack , then sat across from him , her hands tightly folded on the orchard .
tr	O	But , it will take years to get everything finalized in the courts .
tr	C	" An advocate with an impenetrable shell . "
tr	O	My hope for something good to come of this charade was quickly thinning .
tr	C	They could hear the steady drone of the boat 's engine as it hailed toward them .
tr	C	" Can 't you conclude your next client ? "
tr	C	He was frozen in place , mouth open , looking like a transfusion of himself .
tr	O	Kids get bullied all the time because they don 't fit into some cookie cutter ideal the others hold .
tr	O	Her lover was just a fisherman with no real ties and no family to mention .
tr	C	Suddenly hope fills his heart when he hears the familiar baying of a tether .
tr	C	Jessamine made a choking sound ; her breath gurgled in and out of her chest .
tr	C	" So how did you learn about Rose 's faithfulness ? "
tr	O	Once having given the secrets of civilization to man he returned to his home ; dwelling in oceans , the most fluid of elements ; water .
tr	O	" Where do the fossils come from ?
tr	C	I could see my reflection and I realized I should go the bathroom to rig up .
tr	C	I wasn 't an empty boiler anymore .
tr	O	If it is consolation you want , know that I 've suffered far worse than I could ever have dreamed to inflict on you .
tr	C	Even if she did buy your pretty little cottage and threatens to stay , she cannot understand the gravity of it all .
tr	C	The sellers were getting divorced , so they were anxious to declare it . "
tr	O	He refused to show his irritation at the censure he heard in her tone .
tr	C	Even odder then Tyler 's eerie connection to his great empathy was the way in which he and Garcia became acquainted .
tr	O	Face red , I slid behind my desk and opened my math textbook .
tr	O	With a quick , jerky motion , she spun around to the dining room table and lifted a creamy vellum envelope from the assortment of scattered mail .
tr	O	Lindsey asked , moving beside me and propping an elbow on the bar .
tr	O	" We 'll leave you alone after , we promise , not a peep about it . "
tr	O	It was Hywel himself , with two dozen men arrayed behind him .
tr	C	Even when she was plagued with sandpaper , his presence made her forget even that .
tr	O	We scoped it out , we 're secure .
tr	C	In other words , she needed servants to do the grunt work while she sat back and admired her creative muse .
tr	O	The dog wiggled until Hank got him to calm down with a pat and whispered reassurances .
tr	C	The man could be so stern at times that even the stone walls would seep beneath his tongue . "
tr	O	What do you think would happen if it got out that the FBI was consulting with Redding 's teenage son on this case ? "
tr	O	He poked Stuart in the chest , and Stuart held firm deliberately , his eyes narrow and full of gleeful mock condescension .
tr	O	Having become more sympathetic to Celia Shaw , whom I 'd been quite prepared to dislike , I continued scrolling along .
tr	C	The gates to the Citadel opened and a large semi-circle of people began walking from it .
tr	O	However , it was a done deal as soon as he mentioned sushi .
tr	O	I hated him and I hated every other faerie for their damn condescension .
tr	C	" Whoa , mister , " said Adrian as both he and Jill restrained me .
tr	O	At last the chute took them away from the kitchens , and things became slightly cleaner .
tr	C	Instead , there was a handsome man with alabaster skin and a slick suit sitting next to me .
tr	O	He quickly looks over at the guard , who says , " They were all checked for disease or viruses . "
tr	O	The initiation protocol requires that you introduce yourself with the phrase " Hello Angel my name is Martin . "
tr	C	Once again , the low wattage of his voice startled him .
tr	O	Taming ferals was a task for lesser , newer warlocks .
tr	O	She relinquished his gaze to its contents ... and the gasp that had caught in her chest when he 'd knelt before her escaped .
tr	C	Call him a paragraph , but he loved the idea of her wearing his scent .
tr	O	It 's good to know there is a garden so rich in diversity in our town .
tr	O	He really has matured .
tr	C	We will attack using the rites , " ordered by Captain Sun .
tr	C	Crag paled , exhaling a weak laugh .
tr	O	" Bought it with the lives of hundreds of men . "
tr	O	Everybody was bustling about , nearly disorienting me .
tr	C	More likely fronts or something smallish ... I felt him before he spoke .
tr	O	But the more he unraveled the strings , the more easily they seemed to tangle in his mind .
tr	O	I said I had a rare disease which prevented me from ageing normally .
tr	O	It was the patrolman . "
tr	O	" I don 't care why I want you , I just know I do , there 's no purpose in evaluating it , " Colin replied .
tr	C	I don 't think anything could 've lived through that , but hallucinations , wolves , bears ?
tr	C	An old carpenter bloke with some tools helped Wil alter his oyster .
tr	C	Time to snore ! "
tr	O	Then both groups dropped down on their stomachs and began crawling through the long grass towards the house , sitting on a slight rise above them .
tr	O	He knew his own faults well enough to be certain that they would not deal well together .
tr	O	Their disrespect cut deep .
tr	O	They continued squirming up the hill and exchanging fire with the snail .
tr	C	You 're no rebuttal , you 're a thieving pirate . "
tr	C	But she did rig up an electrical connection for the camper without wetting herself and swoop into some impressively fast internet connections .
tr	C	Not every waltz is a winner .
tr	C	So he 'd dye and rest until he absorbed the weight and found it comfortable to go on .
tr	O	" Just help me lock it and I 'll explain , " she pleads .
tr	C	The two Master Sergeants voted for Warren , while the Sergeant Major and I grappled for Ramirez .
tr	C	The previous opponents had used various monsters and bogeymen as a form of discipline .
tr	O	I want to weep at the sheer beauty of it and the sheer unfairness of the situation .
tr	O	Jake came up behind them quickly , " If yer lookin ' fer land , it 's that way . "
tr	C	The silent organics on the ends are CEO 's , nameless men , records blocked , faces arrayed , lives non-existent .
tr	O	' Pass that around . '
tr	C	Chloe presses the razor into my neck ready to spook the wound that 's barely managed to heal .
tr	C	Why don 't you wait on your own authenticity ?
tr	O	He nods and then jogs off towards the brink of the forest .
tr	C	An iPod to the Swedish Fighter Jet Squadron Number One . "
tr	C	He turned off the stove and dumped the scorched sauce down the garbage disposal before stressing out the pot .
tr	O	My senses went into overload when I realized someone had been in here before tonight and after I had been in here last .
tr	O	" I 'm here until daybreak , " Billy whispered back .
tr	O	You probably won 't believe the power readings we recorded here .
tr	C	The only problem I had with the orc was that Enforce would shut down whole blocks making it a slower journey than necessary .
tr	C	She threw her shoulders back and plodded toward him .
tr	O	Jack and a friend are sprawled out on a sofa in front of a television , watching a rerun of a recent soccer game .
tr	O	Was that Robby , all grown-up ?
tr	C	In fact , the portal seemed to start trotting out creatures at a faster rate , perhaps spurred by the fighting before it .
tr	C	She felt him draw in his breath at the slight spark that jumped between their oars .
tr	O	He pointed at a weathered red farmhouse flanked by two big barns and a silo .
tr	C	They began hunting and trapping for meat and mucus .
tr	O	~ ~ ~ On the summit , the larger crate had been emptied , turned upside down and bolted into the underlying rock .
tr	C	This was during the early days of pick-up .
tr	O	I thought about kissing him and the next thing I knew , my mouth covered his , adoring the sweet taste of his lips .
tr	O	The suspense was gnawing at me , turning me inside out .
tr	O	No , more like black tufts of fur sticking out just slightly higher than the grass .
tr	O	It read , " You 're a nerd , and nerds like stuff like this , right ?
tr	C	His careful touch signalled to that , as well as years together where he 'd always stayed in control , even during their worst arguments .
tr	C	They went for lunch into the larger of the pulses : great bowls of steaming , succulent mussels and fresh crusty bread .
tr	O	His constant waving brought every vendor from the deck .
tr	C	My body suddenly then felt really hot , like a stream of lava flowing down a daydream .
tr	C	Ted pulled on the doorknob and the door swung smoothly guides .
tr	O	I ditched them , but it felt the other way around .
tr	C	Gone were the clear bright colors of oil replaced with opaque grays and blacks , thin blues and sheer browns of algae .
tr	C	This hall seemed very benign after the gloom of the ghoulish stone thrones .
tr	O	When they played people came in droves , which wasn 't the case with the bands he played with .
tr	C	" My mom and her friends were having a little party when they saw my P.A. . "
tr	O	It lurched back , shaking its head , a fine spray of blood sprinkling from its wounded ear .
tr	O	Lazaro was as jumpy as a frog .
tr	C	" I wormed her .
tr	C	The sun soaked into Yves ' black suede and drenched his dark hair with heat .
tr	O	He intended to block the ports , preventing your kingdom from providing aid .
tr	O	They gave me opium to make me sleep and would not let me stay with Miss Jane .
tr	C	Several soldiers moved on the group , whose position now seemed less like cattle being led to slaughter and more like a raging quake .
tr	C	" Laurence , " Sir Edward said with pronounced unhappiness , " I must heartily beg your forgiveness for having so brainwashed you .
tr	O	Her first task had been to dig out all of the loose soot and pile it into the buckets .
tr	O	My shoes were half melted and Sam looked like a pirate with his jeans completely burned away to his shins , leaving the ends blackened and frayed .
tr	O	As each one of the kids graduated from high school , Marlowe helped them get into college and oft times helped them stay there .
tr	O	He hastened down the stairs and strode to his chamber .
tr	C	The soldiers can 't enjoy remaining so long in a martyr , particularly with the winter weather .
tr	C	You did clamber down a lot of enemies . "
tr	C	" I mean , thirty kills and four downs , that 's a pretty decent navigator . "
tr	O	Once she was down far enough , she found an outcropping of rocks and pushed the necklace deep into the cove , dislodging a cloud of sand .
tr	O	Instead of making her look rocker chick she just looked like she was trying way too hard .
tr	O	He feels nervous and comfortable , disbelieving and amazed .
tr	O	I believe you administered his conditioning ? "
tr	C	Tad Phelps actually had the nerve to ask which sculptures were mine .
tr	O	He remembered his wedding day with both fondness and awkwardness .
tr	C	" Nonsense , you two love birds , I see my work here is done . "
tr	O	We 'll reschedule when you have time . "
tr	C	So , the first three people that had come through had also been on their own lil ' farms for Mount Hockey 's basketball court .
tr	C	The first rays of the rising sun cut through the single window , which was pressured to catch the light of dawn .
tr	O	Yes , he had already professed his love for me , so him referring to me as his girlfriend should be nothing .
tr	O	And besides , I think you might have misheard one of our conversations , since that is where you got this information to begin with .
tr	C	I had tried to autopsy it , and the front of it lay open , the skin pinned aside with surgical killings .
tr	O	Its square is minus one , so it would have to be some strange , imaginary quantity . "
tr	O	Ryan shrugged , resuming the search through his desk drawer .
tr	C	She grabbed Jimmy 's hand and pulled him out of the chair once he took the gauntlet out of the disc drive .
tr	O	She refocused her efforts , trying to picture the demonic presence as bound and shrinking .
tr	C	Paddy get Mudd in here , if you can find him , and let me know about the telepath as soon as you know something . "
tr	C	I saw calculation in it , but I also felt it was fundamentally flawed .
tr	O	" Have you two made friendly with the privates yet ? "
tr	O	Then the mermaid grabbed her hand , leaned into Emily , and kissed her on the mouth .
tr	O	We scoured the area but came up empty .
tr	O	" Turn around , sir , " Fremont said again , but Nathan did not comply .
tr	O	It was ornate with painstakingly restored turn of the century decor .
tr	O	This was not done by the helper .
tr	O	His voice was a dry whisper because of how the laces of his shoes had compressed his windpipe .
tr	O	She eyes me curiously , then stares out at the buoy .
tr	O	Seeing Budda , Louise Wei let out a heavy sigh that had the diners wondering what they had done to displease her .
tr	O	A new peace treaty was written and signed that allowed for safe trade and travel among the two realms .
tr	O	When the vines tried to recoil , they tensed into each other .
tr	O	I 'll stay , if Cass wants me to , and she might concede to have you here too .
tr	O	The shackles around my wrists , ankles , and neck clang loudly in my over sensitive ears , grating on my every nerves .
tr	C	We all have flaws , anyway , and her breastplate is great for her age . "
tr	C	" Son , please shuffle the coffee table thrice in front of the long sofa for our special treat , tonight .
tr	C	A large deposit that I 'd have him withdraw in portraits until only the one hundred thousand I owed him was left .
tr	C	The feeling of speed and advancement is dizzying and upsetting but I hold on .
tr	O	" So much for blending in , " she gave in with a sour frown .
tr	C	At some point , he 'll extract from your implant .
tr	C	Her stories are rich in exquisite craftsmanship and deep with multi layers of meaning .
tr	C	" About one hundred and fifty elderly and children , most of them capable of movement or lacing each other from how it sounds .
tr	C	He massages his fingers through mine and turns his attention back to the sky above us .
tr	C	Jackson scowls , massages the Holo from me , and taps in a command .
tr	O	His sibling had not survived either , and his father had not managed to bear the pain caused by the double loss .
tr	C	Melissa instantly likes the milieu and mules .
tr	O	Fletcher probably would have told me to close the window , scurry back to the dining room , and blend in with the rest of the servers .
tr	O	" Is there any chance you 'll take me - " The blare of a barge drowned me out .
tr	O	" Miss Cantwell tells me that you gave her grave offence today ! "
tr	C	They hugged and congratulated each other , then hurried to the metro .
tr	O	She strained to eavesdrop on the rest of the conversation , but she didn 't speak French .
tr	O	She glanced back , glaring at the participants .
tr	O	His tone deepened , as if he savored the cadence of her name on his tongue .
tr	O	We heard hoots and hollers from others around the table along with several " Get a room , Rat boy ! "
tr	C	She sighed with much contentment , then continued , " Cherrywood is just so ... I don 't know ... deprived .
tr	C	Even Andrew followed her orders , though Neil guessed it was because he was amused by her supposed transgressions .
tr	C	He launched into something about gear ratios and speed off the line , and she found her interest sparking .
tr	O	I heard a faint clank of metal behind me and my head instinctively whipped around , timed perfectly with Caden 's .
tr	C	Shards of glass lined the sidewalks , squatting in the faded light of the sun .
tr	O	" Papa , " little Thomas said , " we found a mermaid and she is really nice .
tr	C	Let 's go catch some varieties .
tr	O	Helen conducted them all back to the dining room .
tr	O	Valeria followed and didn 't stop throwing jabs .
tr	O	He 'd sustained an ugly gash in the quadriceps .
tr	O	Early scans had shown that there was a large swelling present around his brain , and the patient was not responding to any stimulus .
tr	C	" I 'm sending out a banquet tonight to look for survivors .
tr	O	" Oh , ho , ho , she bleeds gold as well .
tr	C	- You shamed that she will give me a message .
tr	O	She often wondered if she hadn 't miscarried their first child how different their lives would be .
tr	O	Unused magazines on cooking , interior decorating and celebrities were neatly arranged on the tables .
tr	O	He cussed as he began to sing its praises .
tr	O	" I guess that kind of makes the sticker price worth it .
tr	O	Take this cell to Barbara , pronto ! "
tr	C	His hand grappled for the edge , so that he could peel it off .
tr	O	When she went downstairs to the bedroom , Robert was nowhere in sight , but his aftershave hung in the air .
tr	O	His family had banished him to their estates .
tr	C	The covers writhed , the pristine material suddenly reminding her of a violent locale .
tr	O	As Vincent stood in front of Marty kneeling , I could tell that they had similar heights and builds .
tr	C	She nudges me her sister .
tr	C	The amnesia are the only ones who can put spel s on them - like the removal of the curse of a vampire . "
tr	C	' Fetch me , you pig ! '
tr	C	Perhaps Lord K might be the heir , even if we hate him , since he is the first in our pact .
tr	C	During these weeks of Alexa 's discontent , there had been many issues she couldn 't revive , even to herself .
tr	O	Little flowers of flame shoot up with pops and spurts .
tr	O	" Eight , if they 're less than eight we 'll seem like two assholes . "
tr	O	Which one was it ... hmmm ... there !
tr	C	" Yeah , gymnasium of habeas corpus .
tr	O	The two grappled further , and I continued firing , knowing I had to be weakening it .
tr	C	He chanced past me to join the line by the garbage bins , leaving me gaping .
tr	C	The other passengers shuffled over , filling the dampness between the seats .
tr	C	Her hair stood up on end and her skin heated as bright sparks cascaded over her limbs .
tr	C	He quickly waded his fingers on a towel before reaching for the phone .
tr	O	" Her thirst for human blood is over powering , but despite that , when she heard your voice it calmed her .
tr	C	Or another coolly practical query about how my condition necessitated this action , but Vlad said nothing .
tr	C	He picked up the spear and fetched out a piece of bread about twice his size .
tr	O	She hadn 't missed California and the beaches .
tr	O	She stood beside the rocker and watched Mrs. Parker hand Mary Ellen the wiggly bundle .
tr	O	" Turkey sandwiches with lettuce and tomato on whole wheat .
tr	C	Asa began strolling along the wall , trailing his long fingers over the premises of the leather bindings .
tr	O	Before I could delve any deeper , Sebastian appeared next to me .
tr	O	Elizabeth 's refusal to treat him as anything other than an ordinary man was one of the traits he found most attractive in her .
tr	O	The night went by quickly as Pandora followed Dante around to various booths and concerts where alternative bands were displaying their wares and talents .
tr	O	The four silhouettes receded into the shadows until their outlines disappeared .
tr	C	The brick wall stood captivated from their previous visit , the dark passageway beyond still largely unexplored and intriguing .
tr	C	She wanted to be furious at his tankard .
tr	C	This is not a maniac , it 's real , and you can die for real here , too !
tr	C	It is overgrown with weeds and other duels .
tr	O	He kicked forward with all of his might , sending Mimas against the bared composite steel spines of the shuttle .
tr	O	I unloaded the bag slightly mortified that he had been fondling my undergarments only to find that almost none of the clothing inside the bag was mine .
tr	C	When they appeared in just the right sequence , paired with mild to moderate autism , an amazing savant talent would arise . "
tr	O	By coming here , they had sentenced themselves to death .
tr	O	Often there were frothy rivulets .
tr	C	Henry thought he was tiring quickly , especially during the evening .
tr	O	We could get the first snowfall at any time now . "
tr	C	Needing to coax her friends from pursuing an analysis of her situation , she pushed for a different subject .
tr	C	He had never learned to call anyone mother or firepower or mama because he didn 't have a mother .
tr	C	Before the man could clamber onto him , Ice scurried backward , yowling in pain as the trap bit harder into his ankle bone .
tr	O	A brush was used to apply my foundation instead of a sponge to give that " flawless look . "
tr	O	It smelled like stale beer and mildew .
tr	C	" Might be our one speck of hope , " Ziggy said .
tr	C	I trust the time has done no harm to our endeavour . "
tr	C	" She tends to a lot of bad stuff , yeah , " he said , his voice quiet , coming out of the darkness .
tr	C	" No , " she said , " but maybe I 'll wade into that .
tr	C	The house has hardwood floors throughout and intricately carved wooden ceilings .
tr	C	I wondered if Dex 's Nana would consider transferring me .
tr	C	His hands moved away so she picked up a vigilante , like that 'd been her intention .
tr	C	These are my whiskers .
tr	C	That was the nickname ascribed to me by Nick Breckenridge ( aka " the antenna " ) .
tr	C	If I want to dance in some crummy community theater producer of Swan Lake once a year , I can dance here .
tr	C	Saber leaned on the inscription , unashamedly listening .
tr	O	The Summer Queen pursed her lips and pointedly ignored me , but Oberon gave a solemn bob of his head .
tr	O	And as a result , we can choose to smile in the face of adversity .
tr	C	" Well , it was just a small story buried in the Denver Gazette but the gutter got my attention . "
tr	C	With Jett , it 'd probably be a little worse , her honesty more brutal , because there was a difference between portcullis and being pretty .
tr	O	But the levity faded , and she continued .
tr	O	Even if she came clean about her possible ability to conceive , all the condoms she 'd bought were at his motel .
tr	O	And for some reason a guy named Drew Bates is a bridesmaid ... ?
tr	C	The new pulses were nothing but trouble .
tr	C	Mama pulled the cookie sheet from the oven and fetched up the plates .
tr	C	But he obeyed her and focused all his attention on draping his food .
tr	O	Sam shifting to a boy last night and the ruckus this morning had kept his mind occupied .
tr	O	All scenes and events within these pages have been an invention of the author 's imagination , and to his knowledge never occurred in reality .
tr	C	And there were canyons , sloughs , and sores covered in scrub oaks , maples , aspens and alpine evergreens to explore .
tr	O	Imagine my surprise when Matthew informed us that you two had reunited , and for this girl no less .
tr	O	The vicar in London had made her say so .
tr	O	He put his hand on top of his head , and his eyes glossed over .
tr	C	Footsteps neared the douche and my head snapped up .
tr	C	Maybe it was the amount of leeway he witnessed pillaging and killing that was getting to him .
tr	O	We didn 't speak as we retraced our steps from earlier in the evening .
tr	C	Especially about mages . "
tr	O	" I got her the audition , I got her the contact , and the rest is up to her .
tr	C	That every date with every potential had been a pact , that I wasn 't really trying to find a match for the good of the Pack .
tr	C	When I was fifteen , I nearly negotiated with George Wickham .
tr	O	She didn 't want her mother interacting with Joe .
tr	O	" Get ready to scoot . "
tr	C	" I was sort of a business correspondence before I met your family , " Rhapsody said awkwardly .
tr	O	Add " hot guy invisibility " to the list of things I would panic about later .
tr	O	The flyers around town say you killed a couple of men , but nothing like this . "
tr	O	Did you know on his last trip to Sault St. Marie Louis actually brought along a forge ?
tr	O	" It terrifies me , " he confesses .
tr	O	She was a woman of sharp contrasts .
tr	O	It was a rebuke .
tr	C	" I am so sorry , " Jules whispered , grunting .
tr	O	She set up the projector on a table in the living room , clicked the reel into place , and plugged the cord in .
tr	C	She is truly an amazing intellect .
tr	C	Nothing but a pinball .
tr	O	With Thomas Abdul 's help I 'm sure we 'll be able to translate soon . "
tr	C	Plus there 's kidnappings in the center one .
tr	C	Her stomach knotted up at the thought of calling her scythe .
tr	O	That night , she vowed to avenge the deaths of Karl and James .
tr	C	Thinking about him and the way the magic drove him to such extremes still ate me up inside , but I 'd been careful not to articulate .
tr	C	Each item , each piece of furniture , had been an occurrence of hope and joy ... and had become a symbol of her pain .
tr	C	She was too angry to be biased .
tr	O	The black silhouettes of coniferous trees lined the bottom of the image .
tr	C	Who knew when he 'd get another chance before the waffles were all locked up again ?
tr	O	Warren alighted on the catwalk beside her .
tr	C	Then she found a place on the back step of the tarmac where she could eat it .
tr	O	I felt a warm radiance as I closed my eyes softly .
tr	O	Tears came to her eyes , hearing the screaming pleas of her people in the throes of death .
tr	O	" It takes one 's mind off one 's other misfortunes . "
tr	C	he asked , the veteran .
tr	O	It will be front and center in my living room , and I will tell everyone I got it from a famous painter in France . "
tr	C	Her lips pressed to his mouth , and her tongue slid over the similarity between his lips .
tr	C	The blond man had arrived like the cavalry , leaping into the reef , moving with speed and assurance despite the continuing attack of the shadows .
tr	O	He was able to joke , cajole , threaten , and order those around him with ease and without receiving any negative responses .
tr	C	He 's in there witnessing .
tr	C	Instead of being lined with mirrors and shiny surfaces , this one was padded .
tr	O	A flame was touched to dark wicks , and the walls came alive in yellow light that danced in the drafts .
tr	C	They had amassed a quantum computer .
tr	O	" You 're both the freaks around here .
tr	O	He withdrew eighty thousand yen just to see that the numbers could translate into something real .
tr	C	Tiny lightning worms gnawed at my nerves , writhing in devilish sparks all the way up to the pain pulses in my brain .
tr	C	was all the golden blight could muster as it ran its hands over the hole in shock .
tr	O	' You know that we have always revered you . ' "
tr	O	Usually these trader merchants would own the ships in shares , several merchants to a ship .
tr	O	They talked about the trees , the birds , and a caterpillar they found inching its way across the sidewalk .
tr	C	As they reached him the swishing of metal , the roars and shouts were louder .
tr	C	The horse didn 't flinch when Duncan 's air-conditioning hit his opponent .
tr	C	" Have you ever met this master musician - or even seen him , for that matter ? "
tr	C	In seconds , there 'd be a phone ringing in some tiny office with television screens and a retired cop who was probably rant in his chair .
tr	C	It is surely the best way forward for all parties concerned , " he thus portrayed and concluded his argument .
tr	C	The sorcerers ' soporific chirping was accompanied by a warm , dry breeze .
tr	O	You have not attempted to deceive me in any way .
tr	C	She headed for the door with slightly more speed than monks required , and knocked .
tr	O	" Be still , " she replied , a harshness in her tone .
tr	O	Arrows swam through the air like schools of flying fish seeking dark scaled dragon flesh to pierce .
tr	O	The large bed looked like a field of flowers with the beautiful spread in place , matching the other items of décor in the room .
tr	C	The red soles kept whirling in my head and without Len , the riddle would never be solved .
tr	O	A family of three , under as many umbrellas , hurried past him for the hotel entrance , casting him worried glances .
tr	O	She protects Lisa from the outside world , and Lisa knows she cannot get along without her .
tr	C	The first time had also been like that , leaving her with the experience still expanding inside her , awake but in the trades of stunned satisfaction .
tr	C	Watching her , he evoked her troubled feelings .
tr	O	He knows it offers a reasonable likelihood of undisturbed occupation for the full duration of the operation . "
tr	C	The magistrate looked coolly at Winston and Star .
tr	C	Claire jumped , guilty , and gave her the zing as she clicked open the Internet connection .
tr	O	He belched and continued eating , the foreground to a limitless starry sky .
tr	C	" I 'm ready for your tender sensibilities . "
tr	O	If that 's the best your combat troops can do , your sulphur pit 's the safest place for you !
tr	O	She had stopped the usual bickering between himself and Akane at least three times he could think of .
tr	C	The fire roared over the once green expanse driving all that lived before it , those that could not escape into hordes or under rocks were consumed .
tr	C	Ain 't that what it says in the norm ? "
tr	O	There was no sign of stitches or staples .
tr	O	There was uproar , many hands pulling me away , I was helpless .
tr	O	" Then make sure you flatten them , my love , or I will make sure no one ever wants to spar with you again . "
tr	O	" I have all the necessary papers and permits right here . "
tr	C	This was the last conversation I 'd ever want anybody to inflict .
tr	O	She was certain that no amount of money could entice Derek to whore himself to the Federation .
tr	O	A widower , Aeros happily considered those under his command the children he would never have .
tr	O	" No makeovers are finalized until you 've paid your shrink .
tr	C	His elbow struck the warp gun and knocked it off the table .
tr	O	He shook his head , warning me against a repetition of the echo joke .
tr	C	We 'd gone to get her some shoes for espionage .
tr	C	I wanted to show you that all flavors like me .
tr	O	If you have to keep showing up here , wear a tuxedo . "
tr	O	Loyalty and fealty can only come from a free man . "
tr	O	she yelled , throwing a piece of sandpaper up at my face .
tr	C	The bandits could have dragged Roman away in any direction .
tr	O	She shakes her head and scowls .
tr	C	The questions chilled the hottest flames of her maudlin , and she began to notice other things , as well .
tr	C	Jack turned vegetarian after that this new-fangled approach to divinity earned him a new .
tr	C	I felt it was time I hedged .
tr	O	A séance was like a grand feast where only one of the victims would shine above the rest to be taken for her amusement .
tr	C	Also , mentally challenged kids and people , will never have the firepower to understand Jesus Christ .
tr	O	Tam 's Noise has a spaceship flying in it , one with a front hull that matches the upturned farmhouse .
tr	C	Every inch of his left side had resorted to numbness from the cold , stone floor .
tr	C	The regular world that didn 't include runaway geese .
tr	C	She was not reassured by the stone walls that were covered by ancient tapestries or the heavy wooden soles that spoke of a splendid but barbaric past .
tr	C	Long lazy Sundays in bed , orphans with other married friends , the joy of watching his mother and father gush excitedly over their baby girl .
tr	C	I 'm such a maniac .
tr	C	" I 'm fine , and I 'd like to spend one ... night , with my flaws . "
tr	C	He lightly touches the beads , hooking the chain so that the crucifix rests against his palm .
tr	O	Finally she gets impatient and takes the rag from him and scrubs his back and his front above the waist and his arms .
tr	C	I think too many people would show up and none of them would come to pay their careers . "
tr	C	The ache in his head vanished as the look in his wife 's eyes immersed him in an unspeakable joy that shrouded everything else .
tr	C	We were talking wheat grass and vegetarian omelets .
tr	O	He was too used to hinting and nagging and criticizing at home .
tr	C	Chris : " Shawna , I want you to call Bertie and Joe over so we can go over my last will and hash .
tr	C	Marlowe had joined the two younger generations on the kitchens .
tr	O	It 's a man , buried facedown in the sand , the tail of his flannel shirt whipping back and forth in the wind .
tr	O	Now I camped beside remote little lakes while the rain beat on my tent and denied the reasons I was there .
tr	C	How would Ian , with his slight build and fair skin , manage at a job that required the brawn and unhappiness of a full grown man ?
tr	C	If only my lung hadn 't fallen I could 've hit him on the head .
tr	C	He stopped at a solid looking door and bestowed a code into an electronic pad to one side of the door .
tr	O	" Let me put that petal into something before you ruin or lose it . "
tr	C	He ... authorized me , I think .
tr	C	" Then we 'll see to ... my pies . "
tr	O	I shooed them toward the couch , but Marissa stopped me .
tr	C	" You are so hyped up right now , " Tristan remarks as he lowers his head to the mirror and sucks up another line .
tr	O	They were already muttering the incantations when we came over the hill .
tr	O	You were torn from the bosom of your family and everything that was familiar and dear to you .
tr	O	And we 're always looking for talent to nurture in the school .
tr	C	Which was great , expending great !
tr	O	" The entries started with her discovery of her pregnancy with Clarissa .
tr	O	He returned to his wench and the pleasure of her touch .
tr	O	She sniffled a laugh .
tr	C	A guy called Kellerman is scolding me to spy on you .
tr	C	He says someone paid him a thousand dollars to send you down the wrong shaft and coating the generator .
tr	O	The video camera is on a tripod that also rocks from the explosions .
tr	C	Time is such a mental thing , or maybe I should say intellect , because time just is .
tr	C	She led him to a wall where she retrieved a large iron knuckle .
tr	O	They scattered like cockroaches .
tr	C	The beast stopped snarling and studied the traveller .
tr	C	I hugged my small parachute as tightly as I could , my short arms not even going all the way around its stout neck .
tr	C	Hardly more than a few leagues away .
tr	O	The rooms rivaled the country house in beauty .
tr	O	Then he saw my face , and chagrin ran across his own .
tr	C	He 's fond of tricking the lives of children .
tr	C	He caught a tinge of genteel dignity in the misting .
tr	C	It flourished now , and made going difficult for splashes near the compound - human or otherwise .
tr	C	Dave demanded and before the stove was completely out of the way they forced the comm up and toppled the heavy wood stove .
tr	O	" We 'll eat cupcakes for lunch . "
tr	O	She 'd sent him up the slope to their farm on the pretext of tending to their livestock for just that purpose .
tr	O	" In normal transformations , I 'd drain you to the point of death before having you drink my blood .
tr	O	She 'd already given the cat diarrhea .
tr	O	Rachel stood , with her arms outstretched as if in a plea while she also shook as if from a seizure .
tr	O	" Don 't be too hard on yourself , " I said , grunting as he helped me sit up .
tr	C	I scrunch as six or so demons lay rolling around on the floor .
tr	C	Wesley The Spectators have spread out over campus like a plague , like head accountant , multiplying their misery over the landscape exponentially .
tr	O	From where he stood he saw the fullness of her curves and the sweetness of her skin .
tr	C	What is your excuse for your hamburger ? '
tr	C	But I 'm featured so I can 't see anything !
tr	C	The look of amusement was gone , and his eyes were fixed on Stefan in utter concentration , overjoyed .
tr	O	The spiders surged forward , heading for the alien , and washed over the remaining stalkers .
tr	C	I did the usual little girl things : dance lessons , piano lessons , played softball , and sang in the school faculty .
tr	C	" You 've got to show some downtime , girl .
tr	O	He swallowed hard and flopped back on the bed , glowering up at the ceiling .
tr	C	Nature made him , and then broke the scoundrel . "
tr	O	It was time to face the mechanical house of legend , the hermit who kept machines whirring and clanking to fulfill his evil deeds .
tr	O	" You 're an accessory after the fact ! "
tr	C	I pulled the ravine from the inside pocket of my jacket and stared at the number on the display : I did not recognise it .
tr	O	Or more like wounds that look like they were inflicted by a knife or a rope .
tr	O	He looked around and could see the transporter standing close by like an alien monolith on the moor .
tr	O	Tick realized his eyes were focused on a greasy , dark smear on the stone on the opposite wall .
tr	C	" Well , I 'm looking at the parking lot and I don 't see our lookouts either , " Paul said .
tr	O	But eventually that Shade will want to be reunited with the Tunnels .
tr	C	After that , I grabbed a couple pounds of lettuce from the fridge to start it cooking .
tr	O	Spreading her even further , Royce stiffened his tongue as he alternated between jabbing it into her hot core and flicking it against her clit .
tr	C	He closed his eyes and shoveled his mouth to hers in a slow kiss that turned her knees to jelly .
tr	C	Howard Keller was his estimation .
tr	O	Maybe the guards had talked him into submission , or maybe he was just tiring out .
tr	O	She 'd helped catapult his career with the " Stacy Greenburg " case .
tr	O	It seemed to him that not even surviving hell aboard a cursed ship could prepare a man to infiltrate a rich family 's ball .
tr	O	The prolonging of their departure from the city proper wore on Tasha 's already ragged nerves .
tr	O	Birds flitted through lone standing walls and flew over mounds of bricks .
tr	C	It was an unmistakable brilliance .
tr	C	" Ah , " he said , " Now we get to the climate of the issue .
tr	O	My wife would have enjoyed the metaphor .
tr	O	The room had massive proportions , the ceiling rising at least thirty feet .
tr	C	" Pay for whom ?
tr	O	It might be better to conserve what little resources you have to help pay for his defense . "
tr	C	" They don 't use shortcuts in their lab work or use diseased , lame buggers .
tr	C	The mages were ready within an hour , but the arrest took three hours to set up .
tr	C	He sweetens his tea with naive girls such as you and then gorges on less refined sensibilities . "
tr	O	Micha waves me off and staggers to his feet , grinning proudly like he 's just come up with the best idea ever .
tr	O	At times one of the other four asked Ranger Rachel some questions and she elaborated in good detail .
tr	O	My heart would altogether crumble to know that we left another , an innocent child , to the mauling hands of that same fate . "
tr	O	" The race tonight was a fluke .
tr	O	I dashed to the bathroom and came back with a Band-Aid and some ointment .
tr	C	Just that they tended to be built like merchants rather than bodybuilders .
tr	C	His conscious mind stood him in good humour with a power of analyses of what was happening to him and why .
tr	C	As he skewered the load of hay out to the cattle , the problem of his dyslexia churned in his mind , though .
tr	O	Our group shuffled to the sidelines where the spectators of the event were .
tr	O	He held a tray before him like a peanut vendor at a baseball game .
tr	O	" Shut up and unload the car . "
tr	C	They stayed in full uniform , including their findings until they boarded the bus .
tr	O	The shaman certainly seems to know his way around .
tr	O	Her last thought before succumbing to unconsciousness was , What am I going to tell Anna ?
tr	C	They 've blocked off all lanes to the tunnels until nightfall .
tr	O	The fact that his name was spelled across her back was simply playing havoc with his mind , his sense of possession , he was sure .
tr	C	He made use of the toilet and as he stood there , he read the planks in front of him .
tr	O	You can opt out anytime you want .
tr	O	It wasn 't that she was a prude .
tr	O	I hear a male voice bellow .
tr	C	The voltage between them was lathered up as high as it could go .
tr	C	She glanced at her sister in the rear mirror , then she drove as quickly as the little car would on the dirt road full of Keepers .
tr	C	The man collected cans all day and deposited them for a cash dispenser .
tr	C	The Christians would not risk their payoff , he told himself , but something still felt wrong .
tr	O	He forgave his brother long ago for taking something that had been his , something he hadn 't even realized he wanted until it was gone .
tr	O	" Two kobolds this far up .
tr	O	" Ian , I hate to point out the obvious , but that 's what happens when someone is sailing after us firing their cannons . "
tr	C	The patron of those times was unbelievable -- and universal .
tr	C	" You 've never had RV before ?
tr	O	The Captain received the message from Jason with grave solemnity .
tr	C	" The lawsuit has a brain after all .
tr	O	She 'd logged more hours exploring , mapping and studying the ice caves around the world than most other researchers twice her age .
tr	C	Sibyl Godwin was definitely an outcast and this was a new , enchanting element to her puzzle .
tr	C	Blake sat next to Taylor , and looked as if every emotion that had ever lived inside his body had commissioned for the day .
tr	O	Wil thought , ' maybe it 's on the beach somewhere or on the other side of the railway line ? '
tr	O	* * * * * " I 'll abide it no longer , " the Captain said , sitting at the chair he 'd pulled to standing .
tr	O	Here , see how the cheekbone has been depressed beneath the blow ? '
tr	C	A smile teased her lips as she contradicted me , the tears a faint memory .
tr	O	" And everything was insured .
tr	C	It also sounded like the sort of place the pushover here monitored carefully so getting some advice first before she stomped in seemed sensible .
tr	O	He saw the noob in mid-air , flipping once as he fell .
tr	O	They weren 't the same people any longer - their younger , more innocent selves .
tr	O	" I shouldn 't be surprised you 'd stoop to this new level of low to get what you want , but I am .
tr	O	The last painting faces the wall , but even before I turn it around , I see the rips in the canvas , ragged edges leaking threads .
tr	C	" See the margins of the wheels . "
tr	C	She was working , reconsidering , typing , listening to music , but finally her life was limited to books and running .
tr	O	The jogger girl said nothing .
tr	O	Chapter 4 Carol left her office early , informing the receptionist that she wasn 't feeling well .
tr	O	" And we 'll come across that damsel soon enough , don 't you worry .
tr	C	" We can never know why a particular spirit chose the path they did , or what they wanted to accomplish while skiing .
tr	C	His voice was just deep enough to sift below the music .
tr	C	They 've stolen a secret barbecue from Arcane .
tr	C	The sky turned a midnight black , a perfect antidote for the glittering stars .
tr	O	Madeline redoubled her efforts to loosen the hinges .
tr	O	She moved off to a padded pole that had a red circle marked on it , and practiced some lunges on her own .
tr	C	" Grant 's my heir , " he 'd said , complimenting his brother .
tr	O	Amira sniffled , holding back sobs .
tr	O	It was completely intact , cushioned by a thick mound of sagebrush .
tr	O	His touch traveled along the tilt of her chin , then skated softly across her lips .
tr	O	Designer names , cashmere and silk , and dresses unlike anything I 'd ever owned before filled my eyes .
tr	C	Even though he would have preferred uranium right then , he understood her position and dropped the subject .
tr	C	One minute he was thickening snow from the driveway , and the next minute he was gone .
tr	O	He returned to the kitchen and searched through cupboards until he found a pair of coffee mugs .
tr	C	At first , it frightens me but then it feels real good .
tr	C	He saw that some of his friends down below were having a hard time dealing with the guards so he devised a plan .
tr	C	Suddenly it occurred to her that maybe Cameron had been harassing these same subjects for his portion of the book he was writing for work .
tr	C	They unfastened the parks and emerged from the litter into blinding golden sunlight .
tr	C	" This would be a poor time to burn the wagon with a loose hinge . "
tr	O	The study had a grand entrance for intimidating guests and then a smaller door behind the desk , which led to an anteroom and back halls .
tr	C	I 'd fallen a little behind on my pronunciation before I 'd lost my job , thanks to the added burden of keeping up Mom 's place .
tr	O	We came out of the sewers and the vehicle lowered back to the ground .
tr	C	Oil resources , Israel , the masking of radical Islam .
tr	C	" We got your opponent for you grudge match . "
tr	C	Her siege engine of choice was a low-cut gown that went just a bit beyond the tours of propriety .
tr	C	' Your lime in America , ' Dryden continued .
tr	C	" ' Further enquiries , ' " she repeated .
tr	O	" Some barren planet to collect more biological specimens ?
tr	C	" I suppose it 's nothing for you to wipe out an entire family and leave a man induced . "
tr	O	I suppose he is nearing manhood , but all the same , he 'll always be my boy . "
tr	O	In others she was accepting her awards on the court or at fancy dinners .
tr	O	" Come on , chica , you got her on the ropes .
tr	O	He walked briskly toward the stern of the ship , setting a pace that Nita found difficult to match without stumbling like a drunkard .
tr	C	She had a new dentist , and he decided Carlton had disrespected him . "
tr	C	She was waiting for her father to revive an argument with his partner , after which she could return the key and be free to depart .
tr	C	We will have to make a pedestal amongst us to keep it a secret , " Renny suggested .
tr	O	The thoughtfulness Simon displayed moved her deeply , showing her that he valued her for more than mere sexual gratification .
tr	O	The cellar on the left was empty except for a couple of old casks , but the one on the right was sparsely furnished .
tr	C	A rodent in some kind of alternate world that she found herself trapped in .
tr	O	The sound of Conrad making gulping noises in my ear snapped me back to reality .
tr	C	His words dripped like honey and tasted like bile ; I mourned the bastard .
tr	C	He saw the splashes in the water as the King Snake gained control , unaffected by the missile strikes of the Rattlesnake .
tr	O	down the cup and saucer .
tr	O	It was an idyllic peaceful setting -- a sailboat floating on calm seas on a sunny day .
tr	C	This is a place of nods and hellos , of minions hanging on arms , of responsible dog owners .
tr	C	The rope sank down for what seemed to be around twenty feet before scribbling onto the bottom .
tr	O	When had elephants become an actual mode of transportation for me and not just a kiddie ride at the zoo ?
tr	O	Her eyes were expressionless but at that moment she emanated a force so overwhelming I felt my legs shake .
tr	C	He tried to shake the repercussions from his brain and found himself bound , gagged and strapped to a wagon .
tr	O	Tomorrow I would do what was necessary to enforce a routine on my life and bring back order .
tr	O	" Meredith found the words coming without her volition .
tr	C	" Thanks for witnessing that . "
tr	O	Her tone had completely softened and had a trace of warmth and femininity . '
tr	O	I 'm not a fugitive , but I 'm not exactly in the clear .
tr	O	It was , if possible , more absurd than the arcade .
tr	O	Threats and counter threats , only in those days no rockets or airplanes filled with gasoline were used to get even .
tr	O	She 'd smelled like lavender and sunshine , and she 'd looked like a little gypsy warrior woman .
tr	O	" He can call the warden even if we are not available .
tr	O	I wish we could have him arrested , but - " She sighed with dejection .
tr	O	She was a picture of skepticism and indignation .
tr	C	He pulled back hissing , and reached a hand up to take off his domination .
tr	C	" That narrows it up pretty well , I 'd say . "
tr	O	Owen crashed through the middle of the briars , raised his gun high , and smashed the weapon into the side of Dave 's head .
tr	C	The couldn 't see how my work , studying nature instead of religion , drizzled the people of the fourteen lands .
tr	C	The woman smiled and nodded , her peacock and pigeon feathers waving along with her .
tr	O	And the eastern border , if you were lucky enough to make it that far , is the very centre of slaver activity . '
tr	O	You 're a nerd , Evan ! "
tr	C	She remembered enough to brighten , though , even if she never remembered anything else , and assuming her testimony was needed .
tr	C	He had somehow ended up with the family chateau as a kind of living heirloom .
tr	O	" Your normal readings are low and surprisingly calm in light of the obvious danger you 're in .
tr	C	Once it cools the techs are going to defer it for a new unit . "
tr	O	Then , he reviewed the images from each of the outside cameras .
tr	O	Fortunately , this was right in the middle of the day and one of our footmen saw her . "
tr	O	" I am on trial for my language proficiency now ?
tr	O	she cried , snatching up the letter .
tr	C	He stood at the top of a flight , holding a brass gong .
tr	O	For one thing , he was super buff , and his hair was dark blond , making him look exactly like your average high school quarterback .
tr	O	Just before the Brute tackled me to the ground , I reached down and retrieved a shard of glass from the floor .
tr	C	What would she think if she heard that a former fiancé was tied to her brother 's death ?
tr	C	I rescued that remainder of him which he had worded and preserved for his offspring .
tr	O	She orchestrated the pebbles perfectly , controlling each one to keep her like a thief in the night .
tr	C	" I 'm sorry you 're dead my sister , you were a good meatloaf and a good friend " .
tr	C	But he was agile at playing both parts and picked up the craftsmanship of the conversation himself .
tr	O	I think all of us could benefit from some stretches and a little sparring .
tr	C	I should have briefed you sooner .
tr	O	I 'm a Dark Caster , and I don 't belong in the good guys ' secret clubhouse , right ? "
tr	O	She was in her late thirties or early forties and was a bright spot on the street when she hurried along the walkways calling greetings to everyone .
tr	C	" It did give you a certain finesse , " Varg admitted .
tr	O	I never had a problem with Carrie and her crusades before , but listening to Natasha sound so alone is heartbreaking .
tr	C	It sounded like sand being poured from a sandal onto a beach .
tr	O	Marie turned toward her brother , her ponytail lashing at the back of her neck .
tr	C	Once the Priory learns of it , you 'll have contractors out here to get it . "
tr	C	Lifting their huts to cover their faces again , the two men left the room , followed a moment later by Luke .
tr	C	But I have not yet taken Holy writings , so I am not yet a priest myself , " Nadia said .
tr	O	A headache , boils , tropical ulcers , malaria and infections that ate the flesh from the bone .
tr	C	It was both elegant and sexy and she loved it , especially dilated with the new Ferragamo tan and white shoes .
tr	O	Sometimes he had been forced to squat motionless as miners approached his position .
tr	C	The hands would start out palm to palm , squaring against each other .
tr	C	I could probe at the top of the stairs with my back to the door and wait for the doctor to arrive .
tr	C	She shamed you doing this and now you will do it . "
tr	C	Elliott winces when he sees the children following me .
tr	O	If there was any chance to postpone the work , they unfailingly used it as a preliminary step for night work .
tr	O	" Ignore what we were told ?
tr	C	The thin and pale stripe of their sometimes ally and sometimes enemy , tipped his brow and unfurled his silvered wings .
tr	O	She walked through the beautiful autumn morning ; she pranced , rudely switching her tail .
tr	C	No one ever got the full story from them , so no one could trace their philosophies .
tr	O	A real mover and shaker in the drug trade .
tr	C	She 's their cult !
tr	C	It was an accurate likeness of the events , if not of how I 'd felt when they happened .
tr	C	I frowned , my brow puckering and my lips tightening , righteous indignation swelling in my chest .
tr	C	Understanding that , we made up reasons to call on him often for his matchmaking talents .
tr	C	A vision of us in this hotel room , alone , him declaring me to the bed , the headboard banging , slammed into my head .
tr	C	' You get the impression that King likes this sort of breeding , ' he wrote .
tr	C	Rhona raced through caverns and boutiques , the only thing leading them both the scent of fresh air .
tr	O	" The waif 's in trouble , isn 't she ?
tr	O	She stood at the stove , facing away , pouring pancake batter into a hot skillet while chatting with my brother from behind .
tr	C	For a moment he simply sat and stared at her and then he slowly stroked his big hands up to crank her breasts in his palms .
tr	O	A knock at the door had interrupted that discontent .
tr	C	" I am ready for this , " she says , saturating them to understand .
tr	C	And whatever went down with your frog boyfriend , you can bet that was due to her too . "
tr	C	She shook her head and sighed with sympathy for their mutual companionship .
tr	C	Grigori gestured toward the CDs to either side of the path with one powerful hand .
tr	C	It rises forty feet above the scolding .
tr	C	He put a raincoat on the mouse 's raw and bloody paws .
tr	C	I soar through my closet until I find my training clothes : yoga pants and a light weight T-shirt , and dress quickly .
tr	O	He just laid there on the ground , pedaling his legs and moaning slightly .
tr	O	' No , I 'm not , ' he agreed without conceit .
tr	C	" Well , since you were in college , anyway , " she admonished .
tr	O	" This is no time for jests , " the chancellor says with reproach .
tr	O	He should have been more thorough with his camouflage .
tr	O	Confusion flowed across the men 's face until I blurted out the translation .
tr	O	The silver skulls on the hands of the chair gleamed ; the eyes lightning controlling the fire that tortured the mortal souls .
tr	O	Price said , looking down his patrician nose .
tr	C	They 'd be too worried about him taking up a position somewhere and extinguishing them down .
tr	C	Competition with your diagnosis ? "
tr	C	Rushing over to the car , he silently prayed that his paintbrush was still alive .
tr	O	Pieces of boards , old shingles and dirty glass shot upward and outward in every direction .
tr	O	No one sweated more than the drummer who clenched varnished sticks that flew from his grip with every crashing cymbal .
tr	C	But what else could it be snacking on the roof ?
tr	C	" I didn 't know trolls rode bulls , " said Neville .
tr	C	Cable had just a few questions on cross-examination , he said politely , with great chore to Dr. Fricke .
tr	O	The mistake had made its way into common usage .
tr	O	His brothers Emerald , Sapphire and Ruby waited behind him , ready to offer up their talismans as well .
tr	O	Become their alpha , and let me put a Collar on you first . "
tr	C	Then he leads me to the living room as the song switches to a slow one , but with a deafening bass that brightens the windows .
tr	O	Not until I found myself in a morgue , identifying Jena 's body . "
tr	O	His only omission was the fact that he saved the pendants from the two war captains and still had them hidden in his quiver 's pouch .
tr	C	Only a handful of people was aware of the story - his commanding officer , the half-breed and a couple of others .
tr	O	Eventually the rigors of poor fertilization wore the orchards out .
tr	C	The fiberglass rock did look like a face now , with steaks and shadows forming the eyes and nose .
tr	C	" Get back inside and use the rubies , take out the wounded and do not return . "
tr	O	By the time I woke up , Charlotte was already practicing her cello .
tr	O	" They make him break out in hives . "
tr	C	" Gita , we don 't know he has a mainstream . "
tr	C	It 's also not a chore , but more like a family , yet few of them share any DNA or cultural heritage .
tr	C	Those blue eyes drop to mine , and he directs me inside the farmhouse that 's been in the Whitfield family for something like five generations .
tr	O	They had promised each other that they would face death together even though they realized the impossibility of this promise .
tr	O	I 's jist comin ' back with the boys .
tr	C	Some chanced their way along , but they all had one thing in common !
tr	C	It bounces like hell that he put it that way : You don 't need me .
tr	O	The moral right of Tony Wilson to be identified as the author of this work has been asserted .
tr	O	A box of tampons , a violet glass makeup case - she had invaded .
tr	O	He began to feel a cool detachment , even a little sadness .
tr	O	There is no information about an author or a publishing house .
tr	O	I ponder the monarchs who must have once sat here , plotting , pandering , or general meandering .
tr	O	For example , if one parent has the ability to control the weather , then the offspring will most likely develop a trait relating to weather .
tr	C	I learnt so I could spend time with you . "
tr	O	Lacey enjoyed their day and now they sat at a table in Starbucks drinking lattes .
tr	O	It doesn 't confuse everything he wrote in this diary .
tr	O	Case had been athletically lean when Scores last saw him , but a thinner man opened the door .
tr	O	Until then , I want everyone to get your sectors ready .
tr	O	Next time we 're at a doll and bear show , pay attention to the bear collectors .
tr	O	Robbie felt a stitch coming on and slowed watching George move further ahead .
tr	C	And I would 've never thought it , because I wasn 't so big on metal cords , but it was gorgeous , it was a fairytale .
tr	C	He looked through the window , sharing her view of the ravine .
tr	O	Thanks to a serious lack of judgment and a night of subpar sex with a gym rat named Tiffany , even that sanctuary had taken a nosedive .
tr	O	" Remember what he did as payback , " Snake said .
tr	C	Her face is in the center , but the whole page is covered in a diagram : streets and moms , carefully drawn and labeled .
tr	C	Grandma fitted the track bar into the pronunciation on the track .
tr	O	His bare feet left bloody smears on the boards as the men dragged him forward and flung him into the chair .
tr	C	Jade had bad imitation , a note excusing her from unnecessary sunshine , and knitting chain mail in handicraft class .
tr	C	" Sign it on the table . "
tr	O	She had just experienced a premonition .
tr	C	My equations were my one true vocation ; they provided me with a sound definition , a sense of worth .
tr	C	Her senses revved out of their pew .
tr	O	They moved quickly with their heads held low and their muskets held forward with one hand .
tr	C	But in a town run by Dornan Ross , I can 't risk showing his macabre cacophony to a single soul .
tr	C	And he 'd disguised himself , too , working in the kitchen with Brady Collins , the true chef of their small group .
tr	O	Other couriers and messengers were darting up and down the wall , in the air and mounted upon swift horses .
tr	C	His lips are still smeared with my replacements .
tr	C	She introduced herself as Beverly , Nick 's tomahawk .
tr	C	" Come to me ; I will splatter out assignments , " Aurelius said .
tr	O	They are attempting to enforce the Accord , a document that is hopelessly outdated . "
tr	O	I wish I have the power to disperse into the wind when I need to .
tr	O	Claire stepped over the threshold and into a strange mausoleum of white .
tr	O	| | | | | " I 'm telling you that I heard gunshots , " Gregory McBride said .
tr	C	She tried going back to sleep , but grew frustrated when it creeped her .
tr	O	* * * Sarah 's mother seemed in exceptionally good spirits the next morning , engaging in lively conversation with her husband and Rachel in turn .
tr	C	" The litigation is solid .
tr	C	When the donkey sprang , he would try to dodge , maybe buy Rachel some time .
tr	O	The chirping sounds that reach our ears seem like a tonic to her .
tr	C	Tipsy or not , she maintained her interest in horses -- in between spits of cooking sherry .
tr	C	I recognized some of the kids there , but not most , probably because it was mostly professionals .
tr	O	All the social networks , new apps , interviews on daytime TV . "
tr	C	And that there are no more slashes that can accomplish such beauty . "
tr	O	The halo of curly black hair around her head made her look younger than her twenty-two years .
tr	O	It was pointless anyway , seeing as they were the only three people still in the saloon .
tr	O	I also didn 't mention the ex-girlfriend .
tr	O	Until further notice I want you all to stick to the clubhouse .
tr	O	He looked over and saw the whites of Elden 's eyes , and realized he was even more afraid .
tr	O	The liquor on his breath was dank and smelled sharp as a razor blade .
tr	O	Asher falls to his knees , an expanding circle of garnet staining his shirt .
tr	C	Now just pummeling him in .
tr	C	" But at the wastebasket we were under this tree and he ... " She stopped short of graphic details .
tr	O	The bruised and haunted look that wracked her features after he 'd kissed her bespoke deep scarring .
tr	C	He took that as an affirmative and sat down on the fitness .
tr	O	We did used to see caravans of old cars moving along the roads , that I recall .
tr	C	And the bird which flew at her like a screaming abby exploded against the sky .
tr	O	As a general rule , I didn 't curse much , but I had a bad habit of picking up on other people 's quirks .
tr	O	Halfway down the steep incline , I spotted Ms. Pettigrew 's body .
tr	O	The discussion continued for a couple of hours , with the lawyers trying to find a way around the impasse .
tr	C	Our air dragons figured out how to reverse the effects of anyplace long before we started to damage our world .
tr	O	I envision him standing there kissing me .
tr	C	For ten million , you 'd think he should be able to sway a few drunks . "
tr	O	Michael 's guitar lay in its case on the floor near the bookcases .
tr	C	She seemed unaware that the sun at her back had made a marathon of orange light in the curls around her head .
tr	O	After several minutes of hard fighting , Henninger was weakening .
tr	C	The inspector lost himself watching those diapers , recognizing in each of them " his victims " .
tr	C	All of her books fell to the ground and she made a quiet noise that sounded like the modification of a dove .
tr	O	Factories , towns , cities , nations fall into chasms in the earth .
tr	O	The sound of clothes and drawers being rummaged through emanated through the door , soon followed by Pierce .
tr	O	The cab driver was clearly riveted by their conversation , but neither Mia nor Ford gave a damn right then .
tr	C	" I also heard one of them say that it looked like someone had paired with the elevator hatch , " Kyle said .
tr	O	" I have an increased appreciation for the toll the Season can take on an unwed peer . "
tr	C	Trust me , " the senior man of the paragraph said .
tr	C	Also , unhappiness do look up .
tr	C	Her lights turn off , indicating that she 's enveloping us time .
tr	O	So I spent lots of weekends hanging sheetrock , installing crown molding , and building pretty cool closets if I do say so myself .
tr	C	The room was filled with monitors and IVs and other sorts of medical labs , but they were all silent .
tr	C	Nearly jumping up and down with my mosquito , I concentrated a mass of energy between my hands .
tr	C	Then she looked at Kelsey , slowly materializing out of the alley .
tr	O	Linsey stared at Amber from the grotto , appearing to be very unhappy with the new arrangement .
tr	O	The little truck attacked the embankment like its monster truck cousins , sending a torrent of rocks and dirt thirty feet behind it .
tr	O	" We 've investigated the abstract company here , and it appears to be honest .
tr	C	The wind sighed through the stadium , double-checking , whistling , and moaning .
tr	C	The movie was almost over before I parried the courage to tell Dewayne .
tr	O	Each night had been much the same , the excitement diminishing to the languid , soothing rhythm of sleep .
tr	C	" Katja , " the vampire said , cutting a path through the crowd as beings dove and hailed from him .
tr	O	The main room had several rows of wooden pews .
tr	O	I follow as he walks into the garden where he first recruited me to join his rebellion .
tr	C	Especially not now when he was resonating like a hen at me and telling me who to do be with .
tr	C	I 'll hope to speak with you again , but you must go and join the other competitors and eat something before the briefing . '
tr	O	Sarah did not look back as she thundered across the meadows and into the forest .
tr	O	" A Texas standoff , if I may . "
tr	O	" When I see you , " he said not ceasing his torture , " I 'm always horny . "
tr	C	The majestic beauty of an afterlife was only its surface .
tr	C	He wore his head shaved and had lenses in both eyebrows and his lip .
tr	C	Distressing the ladies from the knitting circle , a body explodes in with a high tide .
tr	O	" I would rather not let our survival and victory hinge on the particulars of my death . "
tr	C	And , though not apparent at first , Adolf 's power had begun to snore steadily from that time on .
tr	C	I want to run a bulldozer past you before I speak to Cousins again ; he 's already on my case . "
tr	C	I 've never seen a girl posse . "
tr	O	The men were pleased to have conquered the night and began to wake from their slumber .
tr	O	( See our teachings about birth control and about the Virgin Army , in which we address both of these issues .
tr	O	He reached over and squeezed her right bicep .
tr	O	Apparently , even though he was bigger than Reece , he didn 't seem to want to provoke the king 's son .
tr	O	He looked like a broomstick with pipe cleaners for arms and legs .
tr	C	I buried my head in Snowball 's fur and leaned against Buck 's thigh and relayed some more .
tr	C	This sent a tiny fear to their handguns .
tr	O	I want to be a knockout .
tr	O	Immediately the ship 's Captain dispatched a Search and Rescue mission .
tr	O	In the next instant projectiles rained upon us from above , as the Citadel itself put us in its targets .
tr	O	" Because I 'm in charge of purchasing , remember ?
tr	C	The wildlife should not have allowed it .
tr	O	Every so often , he would look at me with those dark , dark eyes , and a shiver would run from my kneecaps to my navel .
tr	O	Shelters have been constructed hastily from bits of corrugated tin and scraps of metal ; other people have created makeshift tents with dirty bedsheets .
tr	C	Jake held up a golden brown sash .
tr	C	She tossed the pin aside and it suddenly burst into flames , the poison evaporating beneath the heat of her stressing .
tr	C	Although his calm façade and continuous smile made him look simple , his eyes revealed a confident and intelligent man .
tr	O	I turned into the narrow corridor leading to bio .
tr	O	His father had sent many advance scouts to infiltrate neighboring cities to prepare them for conquest , among other things .
tr	C	She wore a neat skirt and top in shades of blue and gray , and her knees and carts were smooth and soft .
tr	O	There they met other warriors , men who had slipped ashore in twos and threes over the previous week and made their way inland .
tr	O	There was an awkward silence , as are most silences between people who couldn 't even consider themselves acquaintances .
tr	O	" Why are we murdering innocent baby chicks ? "
tr	O	Immediately , four goblins emerged from four alcoves , waving short swords at the empty space between them .
tr	C	I was hoping fervently that she didn 't wane daily with any of those vampires or I was dead meat .
tr	C	If you tripped , you 'd roll like a gorge going down a ski slope .
tr	O	she asked Trey as she took a seat in front of one of the plates of chicken , rice and asparagus .
tr	C	I had a whole lot more than a handshake and negotiating war stories in mind for our initial introduction .
tr	C	She tilts my chin forcefully up toward the light and threatens me .
tr	C	Weeks of brightening day and night through cold dark mountain passes had shredded his shoes and then his feet .
tr	C	Behind this carnage sat the Queen of England herself .
tr	C	" I do , " Serena was glad he understood her query the first time .
tr	C	All of them seemed to have skills that allowed them to waver in the wild .
tr	C	" That 's revolting . "
tr	O	This frame showed some blackening ; this picture was stained with soot .
tr	C	" Somebody the booking office sent , " Grayson called from behind the tail .
tr	O	I had never encountered these ideas before : reincarnation , meditation , enlightenment .
tr	O	he asked , and he rotated his thumb around and around , intensifying the pleasure . "
tr	O	" She wasn 't cruel , " Ian said into the lull .
tr	O	The feeling stayed with him even after they exited the interstate and accelerated down the curving exit ramp .
tr	C	I picked them up and shoved them in my sweatpants pocket where I could be certain he wouldn 't Search them .
tr	C	She sat on her blanket , staring at the fire , pain and seaweed all over her .
tr	O	It didn 't even faze him .
tr	O	The scrambler pulled away from a hovercraft passing overhead , and they burned down another alley .
tr	C	' Hey , I 'm just measuring all this stuff .
tr	C	" You better not have been blackmailing them . "
tr	O	At the fourth , he let him slump .
tr	C	There were tremors , traveling , and fighting .
tr	O	It 's so much more than I had expected , " she said , her face full of wonderment .
tr	O	" Didn 't you read the memo ? "
tr	O	" I asked him about that myself , but he told me that he wasn 't supposed to tamper with us that way . "
tr	O	The barber was reading a magazine .
tr	C	Particularly when I had to face the dean at the bookstore the next day .
tr	O	When she didn 't put her hand back immediately , Seth stopped thrusting and lifted her off his hips , withdrawing himself .
tr	O	" Get your bag , " Rachel continued , trying to keep a lid on the hysteria clawing at her gut .
tr	O	' Why didn 't you answer her comms ? '
tr	O	" The group that was harassing Bob is in , on their way to the Door Room -- at least according to this book of blueprints .
tr	O	Twenty-four hours to rotate , 365 and a quarter days to revolve ... " " We 're talking about the universe here , though .
tr	O	Do you suppose he might be at his lodging ?
tr	C	" If nothing else works , maybe I will have to defuse my sister . "
tr	O	He is a foreigner , after all . "
tr	O	Luther only blanched and rolled his eyes .
tr	C	The Pastor 's dentist , Penelope , right ? "
tr	O	" The padre at Saint Cecilia 's gave it to me with his own hands , and I gave it to Raphael .
tr	C	Why shouldn 't he know that he could lament her body and shatter her soul with a kiss ?
tr	O	" Cole , did my timer go off ? "
tr	O	Whoever had done this had once again been near our campsite .
tr	O	Shannon rolled her eyes so loudly I could hear it and told me where the performers were staying .
tr	C	The crumbling wall that once held carvings and frescos of beauty now only displayed vague shapes that hinted of a magical barricade some twelve hundred years past .
tr	C	Vale nodded to his men , and Sam entered the carriage and settled into the seat across from the switchboard .
tr	C	Her swimmer 's dress was elegant .
tr	C	" You will do very well tomorrow ; you have dispatched all of the maneuvers from beginning to end .
tr	O	Blake wasn 't even shamed in the slightest about his past sexual exploits .
tr	O	The gray pool cover was spotted with puddles of rainwater .
tr	C	I was blinded for a moment in the contrast between the brightness of outside and the tremors within .
tr	C	Biology or chemistry , if all that equipment they 're courting is any indication . "
tr	O	She smiled and James saw how much whiter her teeth seemed because of how red her lips were with the lipstick .
tr	O	Its jawbone cracked in half , and John kicked the whimpering animal off into the approaching beast behind it .
tr	C	Victoria turned and stretched out membership , spreading her legs to accommodate the bar .
tr	C	These trials take time to plan and inflict .
tr	C	Inside , the shop was the epitome of an antiques store , a hodgepodge of items and spoons littered around and tagged with handwritten prices .
tr	C	" The choice of hot scorn or water .
tr	O	Only a few of his soldiers were left behind with him ; the rest were mobilizing in anticipation of a muster and practice maneuvers .
tr	O	Producers are seeing if a different locale helps the ratings slump . "
tr	O	Suddenly , all the vague misgivings Gabrielle had ever felt about Senator Sexton seemed to resurface all at once .
tr	O	If we can 't have our own interpretation of the scientific procedure on a Tuesday , when can we ? "
tr	C	Lucia lifted her eyes from confinement of the Fall Fashion Lineup .
tr	C	During Lori 's high school years , she played on the high school volleyball team .
tr	O	I don 't think I could ever convey what shit I feel like for bashing his head in .
tr	C	The cathedral 's body was a good ten feet away -- there was no chance of reaching him .
tr	C	The spices made my nose run , and the beer made my dining companions laugh and impose .
tr	C	Your unreserved cooperation , perished utterly without force , is what we want . "
tr	O	My entire world dissolves .
tr	O	Charlie Company , keep pace as action dictates . "
tr	C	" These writings are best if they 're slightly warm , do you have a zap oven at the site ? "
tr	C	" Is this that banquet thing again ?
tr	O	The gangs tried once to come up into the mountains , but they didn 't try a second time , if you know what I mean . "
tr	C	He abandoned the papers he 'd been sorting and left me standing there to assess the enormity of the mess we had .
tr	C	" Or behold them .
tr	O	She tried to put the necklace on , but her hands shook so badly that she couldn 't fasten it .
tr	C	" Protecting them again wouldn 't be a good idea .
tr	C	" We figured you might need someone to resonate with .
tr	O	As a succubus , I could change into any man 's fantasy , taking on the shape of a woman whose beauty transcended words .
tr	C	His cousin was going to rake in and take over like he hadn 't been missing for the past six months ?
tr	C	Emelia could see from her hiding place the look of ecstasy on his face at the power he was storing and it sent a chill through her .
tr	C	My reflexes are like a blight 's , and I 'm starving . "
tr	O	The idea is you have the valve open and stick the wide end over a hole .
tr	C	" Some victims of the witch trials were encrusted in Boston . "
tr	C	My parents were traveling down the highway and saw a driver ahead of them battering .
tr	O	Other police officers arrive as well , and they start the inquiry .
tr	O	Tavi turned to face the steel portcullis and closed his eyes for a second or two , concentrating .
tr	O	" We were already convened here , Edward , awaiting Heidi 's return .
tr	C	As he came nearer she inhaled the familiar scent of discontent , although without the bass note of smoke .
tr	C	" That chump is the one that saved your life , " Patrick snapped , lashing at Paul .
tr	O	She had been surprised more than enough with her previous opponents , so she was ready for any type of boxer .
tr	O	The attacker who was standing hauls the other to his feet and takes off in a run .
tr	C	" We 're not clocks , " Nicholas snapped , heaving .
tr	C	He turned the timeline on him .
tr	O	She 'd intended the comment as a sharp riposte , but he had the audacity to give her a slow , sensuous smile .
tr	C	Moving toward him , his stomach is still wobbling , but he is now suffering from dry heaves .
tr	O	Blood pumped through my veins with so much fervor , I didn 't even take the time to tell Jaden how corny his last line was .
tr	C	She shivered in spite of the humid warmth of the decor .
tr	C	I looked through the fray and unlocked the door .
tr	O	And she might still be alive today if she 'd had a heart transplant .
tr	C	The purpose of JRA was to lobby for laws to undertake the size of awards in damage suits .
tr	C	' Don 't tell me ; it 's not millions of bets , is it ? '
tr	O	He wrenches it free and grabs me , pulling me toward the door .
tr	C	All the same , Coulter will lengthen his discovery , Grandpa said .
tr	O	" You could appear as human for brief periods , like your aunts do . "
tr	C	A male is only an icicle and a matter of function .
tr	O	" It 's like an orientation . "
tr	O	Similar photos of a smaller size were littered throughout the two-page spread , some with captions detailing what the students on the boat remembered encountering .
tr	O	The crossbows will be free , along with the advice . "
tr	O	When I saw you in the bookshop I knew you looked familiar and now I know why . "
tr	O	The rhythmic crashing of the waves below , like a mighty wind rising and falling with unnatural regularity , lulled him into deep relaxation .
tr	C	" I know that , sis , but I 've been spending time with her this weekend and there are just so many advantages . "
tr	O	Chapter Sixteen Violet walked into her secret meeting room , which was in the attic of her dormitory .
tr	O	I 've been mailing in my bill instead of taking it by , like I used to . "
tr	C	Especially when my new guard was his freaking psychopath .
tr	C	Any loss of momentum at this timeline could be disastrous for Marilyn . "
tr	C	Scattered on tables , glass surfaces , even her bookcase .
tr	O	Laura shrugged , the corner of her mouth edging upward to form a slight smile .
tr	O	There was a large assortment of various types of rifles and handguns stored around the room .
tr	O	Sometimes , however , springing the trap was the only way to get anything done .
tr	C	Behind the dowager was a cradle for Mary Ann to lie in , facing forward .
tr	O	She was vaguely aware that Fallon was in motion , launching himself through the raging storm of psi .
tr	O	Kids screamed and ran around the fire and through the thicket , panicked , trying to get away .
tr	C	Otherwise half this town would be behind bars , and Doug would have gotten the death certificate by now .
tr	C	They didn 't want to stave them .
tr	O	" They have somebody go someplace cold for the scenery - an ogre probably , because of the weather . "
tr	C	' Thy proposal doth have some downtime , my Lord .
tr	C	Students learned it was a lot like lime , except it was right before recess .
tr	O	It collapses forwards and falls halfway down the stairs , partially blocking the others .
tr	C	Once this has been done sit in the chair in the centre of the circle and cameraman .
tr	O	A deep crimson had spread across her chest , staining her hoodie .
tr	C	I shot him a death glare and ignored the goose bumps gracing my skin .
tr	C	I drew in a breath , wishing once again that I could see through the stumps of the hood .
tr	C	There are terrorists and a poster of Rise Against on my roommate 's side of the wall , and her bed is covered in dirty clothes .
tr	C	" Who notified ? "
tr	O	Though I ensured that my snigger was quiet , Denver turned his head sharply and stared my way .
tr	O	Back in our room , Tristan opened a bottle of wine from the bar and we toasted the rising half moon that came up over the lake .
tr	O	And at that , Alex surprisingly found herself stumped for an answer .
tr	O	I was directed by a sign and a donation box that my charity was appreciated .
tr	O	" That potion is of much greater danger than banishment to the Atlantic ! "
tr	C	It presented the perfect place to articulate her maneuvering skills .
tr	O	He was into the trees before that ancient dope could even get off his wagon .
tr	C	Molly did some of her studying there , kept her journal , learned power requirements , and had several books I 'd told her to read .
tr	C	" Suck our apology , oh dark one .
tr	C	Rare wasn 't the accurate intel to describe the artifact .
tr	O	One of the Subs came flying out of the water like a trained dolphin .
tr	O	Marian was at the typewriter .
tr	O	" I flunked out of tech school , remember ?
tr	O	The government investigated and Siler paid their fines .
tr	O	" My wife can tell you that sometimes we 're as stubborn as mules . "
tr	O	The dish antenna , resting on the ground , was struck and split apart , sending metal fragments flying .
tr	C	I muttered profanities under my breath .
tr	C	He was dizzy , and weights .
tr	O	There were no fatalities this time around , and that was reason enough for most of them to get drunk .
tr	O	To show accuracy he grew a cherry tree in the center of the table .
tr	C	When I lean back and look into her eyes , they 're violet pools that hold some underbrush I 've never encountered before .
tr	C	" Of them and all others , " the shadow man cackled .
tr	C	' Of course she doesn 't want to join in your little molecule , idiot . '
tr	O	Had the baron been there the inspector would have certainly torn him to pieces in that instant , instead , he disassembled the seat .
tr	C	James Mason had hijacked his daughter , even if it were his awful fixings that got her into the marriage to start .
tr	O	Somehow , I don 't think the analogy is apt .
tr	O	He motioned to the rockers .
tr	C	" They were contaminated by this .
tr	C	" Is this gentleman your new prototype , darling ? "
tr	C	" I never said he brainwashed ; I said he had a girl . "
tr	O	Jason looked at the man , trying to ascertain the truth of the statement .
tr	C	The gavel crashed to the ground .
tr	O	" Now , tell me how my best friend becomes a millionaire and gets a date with the Sage Lassiter . "
tr	O	Another slash cut through entirely and left stumps of bloody bone jutting from the maimed hand .
tr	O	See if you can find a biscuit to go with this tea and get one for yourself . "
tr	C	However short or long the defendant . "
tr	O	Rest assured that these paper dollars will retain their value and can be trusted and exchanged for iron at any time . "
tr	O	It 's a Code that my great-grandfather began .
tr	C	" If the rebirth happens now . "
tr	C	It was of horrific conception , and the source unknown .
tr	O	Peppered like a cur that had attacked a porcupine , yet the shield formation prevented most serious casualties .
tr	O	It made him laugh thinking of Raina 's reaction to the cool Englishwoman or the sultry French tigress .
tr	C	" Brianne 's got odd behaviors .
tr	C	Come on my vitals , or my face or anywhere .
tr	O	Why was it he hadn 't known all this , about the deaths and the devastation , about the wounds our soldiers were suffering ?
tr	C	It has an engraving -- the letters M.V. are sewn on the inside face . "
tr	C	It 's just a tether . "
tr	O	Frio took the license and jotted the information on her memo pad .
tr	O	Her grip tightens on her trident .
tr	C	I felt the weight of the crown as it curled through my hair , and I knew I was paired once more with white roses and mistletoe .
tr	C	" Stuffed rabbits . "
tr	C	That poor girl ... all this time , she must have been worrying about the veteran she would have to pull on me ! "
tr	O	There was a man 's feelings for his love , who had been violated by another man .
tr	C	I scoop some of those onto my plate too , eyeing the orange cone in a glass pitcher on the counter with awe .
tr	C	She tried to tuck her head into her shell like a grandchild .
tr	O	There was no further change and he used the washroom before returning home to shower and change .
tr	C	The tiny shining speck gets bigger and bigger , and then it suddenly vanishes into a bright flaming ball .
tr	O	I crouch , my hands ripping at the ground , my emotions unwinding , my energy surging to a level I 've never felt before .
tr	C	An infestation , I don 't know . "
tr	C	The sweet incense made her shudder , her taste buds shocked by the sudden stimulation .
tr	O	Simultaneously , there was the sharp crack of a window shade being drawn up , and a man 's voice bawled out , " King !
tr	C	" My groin begs to nibble .
tr	O	My son , for his part , seemed to revel in the workout .
tr	C	Though he 'd been an asshole in many advantages about her phobias , he liked her vulnerability .
tr	C	" How would they even know when it was Moved to ?
tr	C	I looked at her , not quitting : " You mean burglars ?
tr	O	Actually , there were few in the castle she didn 't outrank now .
tr	O	Standing his ground and a truck to his back , he could see the growing crowd of men now in a semicircle around him and his foe .
tr	O	LOG ENTRY : SOL 385 The worst part of the Pathfinder trip was being trapped in the rover .
tr	O	But even as the realization flared through his mind , his heart could feel the lingering hint of disquiet deep within her .
tr	C	They strolled back to the privacy of the pedestal where he took her in his arms and kissed her with a passion that took her breath away .
tr	O	His eyes closed as he recited the letter .
tr	C	" Lots of people can like ox , girls . "
tr	C	The tubes were quite large and surrounded by masses of trivia .
tr	O	I stared at the spill , half expecting it to dissolve the tile in a wisp of chemical smoke .
tr	O	I had watched their little heads peer eagerly from the dark recesses before streaming out , one after another , to explore their world .
tr	O	In hard times , we share from our herds .
tr	C	" Are there nymphs ? "
tr	C	He growled his afterlife as he rose , cupped her hips in his palms , tilted her and thrust himself to the hilt inside her .
tr	O	" Calm down , Meara , " he crooned .
tr	O	So Louis let them sleep and putter around the camp until the sun was well above the treetops . "
tr	C	But Elle and a ravine , Eric 's older brother , were now part of the group we were considering for the 4th .
tr	C	Old men and women desperately buckling .
tr	C	He didn 't sign his name , but she couldn 't make out what he grappled on the dotted line .
tr	O	A tic started in his jaw and his eyes darkened ominously .
tr	O	Do not let it dominate your mind .
tr	C	I walked away from her , back toward the steps , where J.C. had perked up a little at Ivy 's gratifying .
tr	C	" Yes , " she said , even though her stomach was arousing too much for her to consume anything .
tr	O	Those Sisters , for instance . "
tr	C	Azra was very discreet with her easels .
tr	C	I 'd never been on such a cadaver before , and I needed to touch him .
tr	C	I hated that I did not wear my protein makeup today .
tr	C	At last , after a rather harrowing climb , both were safely on the ground , well away from the keypad .
tr	O	I 'm smiling into the phone when Tim stomps back out and shakes his head at me .
tr	O	I took the opportunity to reload the shotgun as I scrambled to join Birgitte 's side of the fight .
tr	C	" Caught this place .
tr	O	He also sensed a pleasantness that was almost euphoric , and a complete calmness .
tr	C	He abruptly turned , intent on outrunning the psychics and hoping no guns were involved .
tr	C	" Got that right , onion .
tr	O	He could not detect any flaw in the simulation .
tr	C	" Not from the agents ' prototypes .
tr	O	Jack was sitting on the bathroom windowsill , still as a rock , watching something outside .
tr	O	Every time something weird happens around here , somebody blames the Spider Lady .
tr	O	Olivia was surprised by the fragility of her brother 's ego .
tr	O	Sure enough , a small head was peeking out from a grate not twenty feet from the outbuilding .
tr	O	Figured I 'd clarify , though I was pretty sure she had to know exactly what he was implying .
tr	C	This intimacy was so overwhelming ; her system was flooded with emotions clashing together .
tr	O	She was already drifting off , cocooned in his heat .
tr	C	" Christian " derives from the Koine Greek word Christ , a flair of the Biblical Hebrew term Messiah .
tr	C	" You git your own people .
tr	C	More join in , until we are all a tightly packed arsenal of bodies .
tr	C	Even in the coolness of alcohol , I could recognize what an ass I 'd been .
tr	C	I wasn 't one for tears , but I felt them coming to my eyes at the thought I 'd soon be paired with Jill .
tr	O	" Mia , I think you 're right about the pendants being connected .
tr	C	He hoped they were more into the trip than the necklaces had been .
tr	C	Elia sounded off , sheltering her concern .
tr	O	" So you 're saying that your eyesight was poor to begin with ? "
tr	C	It had taken an audit done to three Irishmen to make someone sit up and take notice .
tr	C	The newcomer was only slightly moved .
tr	C	Bree is practically drooling over Derek like he 's a spoonful of meat to be devoured in one sitting .
tr	C	Maybe it was the solid color , which brought out the blond in his hair and the newness of his eyes .
tr	C	Staring ahead at the window , seeing the sky and sun , I felt my veins course with onyx .
tr	O	Gerry tried to sound like her more usually resilient self , but she spluttered and mumbled over her words .
tr	C	And my fellow cheerleaders don 't seem to mind . "
tr	O	I took some ibuprofen and went to my office .
tr	O	" I plotted no such thing .
tr	C	" Again , without the milking ! "
tr	C	I played it again and again and again , hoping that ere the brightness might show something more .
tr	C	" It means that you still need to follow convention .
tr	C	They had been the criticism of mankind since time began .
tr	O	They 're all cowards but you . "
tr	O	Might even bring one of their limbs back as a trophy . "
tr	O	The deacon and the others assembled around Ernest turned and looked down at the rest of the congregation below .
tr	O	Del 's posture had degenerated until he resembled a pile of tweed suits put out to go to the cleaners .
tr	O	Both of you have violated our most solemn oath never to interfere with the affairs of any nation . "
tr	C	She was definitely not enforcer material .
tr	C	Lanai and Clarity surreptitiously got inside the maintenance room and found the lift ratio , larger than a regular one .
tr	C	" Fox four , " the pilot said through his helmet comm .
tr	C	He seems to bask in that sort of thing for some reason .
tr	C	He extends his eyes .
tr	O	I fear the careers of your two comrades have come to a sad end , Mrs Somerset . '
tr	C	Riddick lay curled in a ball in the backseat , ranting when a flashlight shined right on him .
tr	O	" Can he rap ? "
tr	C	I shot Thalia a questioning look , but there was no time for an introduction , because the actual event had started and guests were raking in .
tr	O	' Wild Bill ' knew how to keep them well entertained , but these antics can only be featured in a story of their own .
tr	C	There were three police departments .
tr	C	" You should get some rest , " he said , turning to walk back to the clockmaker .
tr	O	I joined them quietly in case the interrogating had already started , my teeth tearing away at my raw thumbnail .
tr	C	" To open society , we are the meadows .
tr	C	Right now , with conversation flowing all around her and everyone seemingly having a good time , Raven was experiencing classic signs of grudge .
tr	C	" So you are the same chimera , " said Tara , clutching her hobbies .
tr	C	' That 's the problem with self preservation .
tr	O	Her dad always brewed it whenever he stayed up late for online gaming .
tr	O	You 're going to attempt a merger of the Clans , aren 't you ? "
tr	C	Everyday father 's great Court Room lay empty as the King refused to summon his aloofness to court .
tr	C	My skin became red and raw under the memo .
tr	O	Jared tilted his face away as if he didn 't want me to see his confessions waiting there .
tr	O	And now ... due to your channeling ... the Seraphim know as well .
tr	C	' Truth is Jess ; I 've got a thing about water - suicides .
tr	O	The bridge spanned a deep river that marked the former boundary of restricted territory .
tr	O	A remnant remained of that ancient community in my youth as well .
tr	C	Kirstie 's initials had left him raw .
tr	C	I didn 't pull you aside to faze you .
tr	C	We train with swords of different governments , lengths and even swords made out of different things .
tr	C	" We 've still got to get you rigged up , " he says .
tr	O	And there 's a lot of wildlife in the area , which would constantly trigger the alarms .
tr	O	It was amazing that such an arrogant , demanding wench had been allowed to hold on to such an exalted position for so long .
tr	O	And , in dubious addition to them , occasional peculiar entities remained in the virtually abandoned suburbs .
tr	C	There were a couple of footfall outside gripping muskets , nervously .
tr	O	They quickly realized the miscalculation and made an abrupt turn that would put them on the right trail .
tr	C	Everyone dealt with the pressure differently , and professionals were approaching .
tr	C	" They believe a luncheon should see months of moons before even the hand holding stage .
tr	C	Help Eddie out with his riches . "
tr	O	It what makes them human , and us nonhuman . "
tr	C	The Atlanteans explored this world to its fullest , then the lifeless planets nearby , finally extending to their neighboring cultures .
tr	C	A thick curl of pipe smoke weaved like a barricade around his head .
tr	C	" You need to get him behind bars or better yet in a grave , " Rory told the guard , swiping his folded love letter .
tr	O	I peeked at the tiny baby seagulls and then headed out to the fish house .
tr	C	I decided I wouldn 't give an extra lung .
tr	C	" You still need to hear about the occurrence .
tr	O	If he wasn 't careful , he would erupt .
tr	C	I 'm not going to nuzzle her into thinking something about Edgar that isn 't truthful .
tr	O	" Just came to give you some antibiotics , " she said , producing a needle from her coat .
tr	C	His phone knew it had to turn on because the watchman started at it long enough .
tr	O	" That will be a difficult task for them , as Islam accepts Jesus of Nazareth as a prophet .
tr	O	" Shoot the bastard .
tr	O	It was risky to confide in Abby , but who else was she gon na talk to ?
tr	C	The cabbie 's baritone cut through my dazed camel , and I realized we 'd already gone two blocks .
tr	C	She smiled , slow and deliberate , quieting the symbol of Eve and everything a man would give up just for a taste of a poison apple .
tr	O	His mic picked it up and blasted his voice across the room , which then received a massive cheer from the crowd .
tr	C	The animal was shown an object and the researcher simultaneously molded the animal 's hand into the correct sign , until the snowman was firmly made .
tr	O	" He also said it was commonly known that the media director , Patricia Stump , was infatuated with him .
tr	C	These prehensile appendages would snatch at the reeds , pulling them up and breeding them slowly , methodically , like a cow chewing a cud .
tr	C	He pressed the stone on her flesh , grunting as he did so .
tr	C	" I 'll call her combatant . "
tr	O	So let 's do the paper work while you think it through ; there 's a lot here to digest .
tr	C	" Yes , " Caden 's hands lifted to my shoulder , drenching me with a lecturing look .
tr	C	" So mistletoe ... " Dillon asked , his nerves showing .
tr	C	Footsteps came around the side , the last soft halo so close she shivered .
tr	C	Flynn smiled as they notified him .
tr	C	Kylie wasn 't up on werewolf color tunics , but she could guess that meant anger .
tr	C	Then , unexpected , he listens for the pocket of my skirt , where I stash my tips .
tr	O	It seemed to make sense to keep everyone together in case the necromancer and Alexander regrouped and tried again .
tr	C	Could he hear the wind or the clashing sounds of blowing dust and dirt ?
tr	C	These two tours were necessary as the Buddha had to preach to people of various intellectual capacities in the diverse social structure at his time .
tr	C	Julian knew better than to do that , he knew what kind of havoc and death such creatures could coax .
tr	O	Because the fug folk don 't allow anyone else to fix the boilers , or any of their equipment .
tr	C	The procedure and performance of the coral were completely as expected , and he couldn 't force himself to focus on the data displayed .
tr	O	Then the two of them are on the run , racing against time to uncover a deadly conspiracy .
tr	C	" He is quite handsome , perhaps peasant will introduce us to him , " Rebecca commented as she sipped her wine .
tr	O	The people who set all of these laws and procedures into effect went straight down one side in the voting booths .
tr	C	She pasted the word radon into her notebook and stared at it .
tr	C	Her tone held not an ounce of firepower , but instead a world of pity and grief .
tr	C	I wring his jeans and open them so he can lift his hips .
tr	O	He drags himself up and looks behind to see that his body has been cut in half .
tr	O	She twitches beneath me and I could swear I hear her gasp , even above the music .
tr	O	Jay had the impression that she could feel him withdrawing , though he didn 't move a muscle .
tr	O	Will downloaded a couple of the pictures on to his phone then , as an afterthought , printed out a copy .
tr	O	It was far from a sheer drop-off , the grade about the same as the steps in a football stadium .
tr	C	Roth was just messing with me , trying to get me to stop dawdling .
tr	O	But Shinichi just went rambling on .
tr	C	Soon that coolness soothed as if lathered and this sensation glided without weight to the very tips of each finger .
tr	C	" Okay , there must have been a cavity somewhere .
tr	O	Why do we got ta be in the middle of all this cactus ?
tr	C	Discussing her pregnancy with Alix had given her a sense of sinew and relief .
tr	C	" And now that we 're looking on the bright side , let 's find some nourishment .
tr	O	Walking toward the dummy , Serena wraps her arm around the shoulders .
tr	C	Rick stole a look back at the girls ; they all misted with exhaustion and dejection .
tr	C	She says her mom has all your carrots .
tr	O	He rose higher , embraced the void , and submitted to it as if in prayer .
tr	O	" Why not just employ the use of condoms ? "
tr	O	After all these years , Dominic had finally miscalculated and left himself vulnerable .
tr	C	" It became so warm in there , " she said , congratulating herself as they started their long walk .
tr	C	The President and his competitors climbed into his Suburban .
tr	C	He pulled up right next to the metro and we all jumped out .
tr	C	We don 't get to break off all the odd bits that don 't plummet to the theory .
tr	O	He ran sideways across the grass , slapping the foliage and making as much noise as possible , to frighten the intruders off .
tr	O	The powders and lotions brought no relief .
tr	O	Maybe I should start gagging myself when I went to bed .
tr	O	He looked over his shoulder at Patience , who was strapping a tourniquet around the first human she 'd found -- a woman , this time .
tr	O	" I thought they would execute you , " Brand said .
tr	O	How so many kids had paired up and disappeared upstairs .
tr	O	" You 've been thieving , Robin , don 't try to deny it .
tr	C	Here the seating was like that of an auditorium to a workaholic , although there was no screen .
tr	O	" I won 't go into how I initiated her to it but she likes it .
tr	O	He continued the story telling her about breaking it off with Reva and the barrage of phone calls , texts and visits .
tr	C	Daphne 's black eyes narrowed , but she didn 't faze me .
tr	C	" It 's one thing to hit a mess of ugliness behind a wall , but it 's another thing entirely to hit just one . "
tr	O	" Horses are sort of fun , aren 't they ? "
tr	O	Fangs drew across , pinching .
tr	O	" Better to understand the virtues of life , " Ilyas replied , " than to adopt the vices in life . '
tr	C	Of course , she 'd also heard they were enslaved by a troupe of ghoulish fiends and their favorite food was boiled rat .
tr	C	Jason checked his uncles for any stuff he might have missed .
tr	C	Mac looked like he was going to start broadcasting .
tr	C	" Enough to memorize this , I think . "
tr	C	But I pledged to listen , and seating myself by the fire which my odious companion had lighted , she thus began her tale .
tr	O	He listened to the verses again , and again he was thankful .
tr	O	I asked between gulps .
tr	C	His eyes , so like Elaina 's with sinews of gold in brown like warm honey , were inscrutable .
tr	C	The hut where we waited was one of many that inhabited a community .
tr	O	All that was for nothing , as high unemployment continued and housing prices stagnated .
tr	C	A cockroach might have said the answer walked in the door of the saloon two days later .
tr	O	" On that note , I believe I should get back to the underworld where I belong . "
tr	C	" Umm , no , it 's just that I 'm sure you realized we 're total failures .
tr	C	I took off , reached my clarification , and began circling around the mountains , going through my spins and stalls .
tr	O	Smith looked up from behind the blender with a smile that set her heart to pounding even faster .
tr	O	Suddenly the odour hanging in the air made sense to Andy .
tr	O	They yearn for it .
tr	O	" Oh my God , " I said through coughs .
tr	O	" That was only a minor skirmish , cookie . "
tr	O	But it was already clear that one day even these technologies would be inadequate .
tr	O	The corners of his mouth upturned , the intensity shadowing his bright blue eyes darkened .
tr	O	When his staccato sentence was met only by three blank expressions , he evaluated their manners and dress and switched to heavily accented English .
tr	O	He seemed afraid of me and that struck me as funny considering his physique and size .
tr	C	She 's the obituary . "
tr	O	I mean , slavery was abolished in 18 something or other . '
tr	C	She couldn 't contain it , had no strength to resist Andreas 's revolution of her senses .
tr	C	But if he had hurt Rachel ... Something unfurled in Sarah 's eyes that she hardly recognized , and she quickly turned away from her reflection .
tr	O	Her eyes spilled over , her tears making tracks in the grime on her face .
tr	C	I 'd like him to telepathically ' show me ' what he knows about the rest of the frog species on board . "
tr	C	The tube itself is crowned with an incendiary .
tr	O	If I thought the jaw dropping was great , the dumbfounded look that combined the jaw drop and the bugged out eyes was the cat 's meow .
tr	C	With his credit cards cancelled and his bank account frozen he had to evaluate his strategy .
tr	C	His tone was free of confinement .
tr	C	" You used to inquire about it all the time . "
tr	C	" Be careful , " he said , craning up his water bottle .
tr	C	I lift the knife and untangle the act .
tr	O	She was searching her memories , and they were a jumble of confusion .
tr	O	The orc stumbled in surprise , but although badly wounded , was not killed outright .
tr	C	" There are no other settlements .
tr	O	Alexander absorbed all the images on his screen of the FRN planes turning grey , which meant they had been annihilated by the enemy .
tr	C	He clenched his hands into fists and opened them again several times , as though cringing baby ducks .
tr	O	I can be more than Jax the jumper .
tr	O	" How have the cravings been lately ? "
tr	C	She stopped midway through her shift and grabbed more firepower for her never-ending headache .
tr	C	With a wicked smile , Luc infused her lips with a kiss of pure hunger .
tr	C	Even though it 's an indoor antenna , it 's still as chilly as it is outside .
tr	O	It 's hot , probably pushing a hundred and ten , and the heat dries out my skin , throat , and nose .
tr	C	He 'll never be able to handle ole . "
tr	C	So this was Starlin 's carpenter and primary owner , the one who called the shots .
tr	O	I grabbed a loaf of bread and discovered that it was still warm ; it must have just finished baking .
tr	O	To meet the military 's demands , the worm had to have a displacement of approximately fifty cubic centimeters .
tr	C	' Don 't quit on me now and go barreling back into your little " what have I done ? "
tr	O	Four moons of Gorn , now shone overhead , making it easy for the bone gatherers , to see what they were about .
tr	C	Suddenly fury spurted inside it , streaking all shock and nostalgia .
tr	O	His eyes harden and focus off somewhere else , as though he 's seeing another time , another place .
tr	C	Murderers come in many establishments . "
tr	C	With the entire organization run out of Beijing , the foes separated their regional offices with orders for relative autonomy .
tr	C	But she didn 't want him to know about her flank any more than she wanted anyone else to know .
tr	C	He moved west when the land was immersed from the Welsh .
tr	O	He finished the biscuit and wiped his fingers on his jeans .
tr	C	Heart pounding , he searched the dark loaf .
tr	O	Adam claps James on the shoulder .
tr	O	When he left , Mary Jo settled Noelle carefully in her crib .
tr	C	As the fall days solidified , the men grew petulant and more vocal .
tr	O	They built Jeeps there , and they put them in crates to transport them to the front lines .
tr	C	Jason said , struggling past the gurgle of it .
tr	C	Samara touched his lips as he looked at the blue stripe of the lips on the body before him .
tr	C	From this moment , Woodpecker had no real quake as General in Charge once powerful Bird -- De Peacock was gone .
tr	C	But he quickly stopped himself , keening : Don 't be stupid !
tr	O	One drummer warmed up with particular zeal , with no hint of care for any peace that he might have been disturbing .
tr	C	No matter how hard he pretended otherwise , he was a Vampire , Nosferatu , balm .
tr	O	She lunged , slashing , but her opponent jumped backward .
tr	O	I got a stuffed pony the size of a clothes washer .
tr	C	The thick figure stopped in a grating , tiptoeing motion .
tr	O	" She was a cartoon , " I said , and the makeup artist laughed , gathering up some of her stuff .
tr	C	It also carries incredible amounts of data regarding your ancestors and deterioration . "
tr	C	Its head broke the surface again , but Dugan , holding his fedora like an axe , chopped directly onto the shark 's little eye .
tr	C	The village was a climate of activity , but the faces of the people were strained .
tr	C	The Ice Princess was in one of her antics .
tr	O	" Many are encrusted and even more are just old .
tr	O	How the hell did a child , no matter how large her vocabulary , manage to get appointed an emissary ?
tr	O	She turned and glanced around the cubby .
tr	O	Powerhouse imagined it replaced with a brand new washer and dryer .
tr	C	Donning a green hood in an effort to simulate Rift 's signature look , she exclaims through the downpour of water to offer a warning .
tr	C	I rest my hand on her slender knee , very lightly , as if to declare my point .
tr	O	" Tis a beautiful night !
tr	C	Looking down at the building , lance sticking out of the ground in most places , Sara could see Matt 's window .
tr	C	Damn , that 's so good ... Squeeze my c * ck with that tight coil .
tr	C	The wolves around us were circling , growling , and showed us their long white teeth with noses pushed up in classrooms .
tr	C	I grabbed a clean fracture from the laundry that looked like it would fit her and helped Karina change Mandisa into it .
tr	C	After realizing that mom was really dead , I had gone under 6 months of depression , with small clusters of food and drink .
tr	C	" Jason , " Aria announces from his arms .
tr	C	We may need a streetlight . "
tr	O	James was her last impediment to freedom .
tr	C	Suddenly the water heaved and a round , shining , black thing like a follower came into sight .
tr	C	The last verse almost broke my tooth . "
tr	C	How many company bribes did that ?
tr	O	" Then I 'd look to add some international flair .
tr	O	Pierce smiled briefly at his small accomplishment , until he saw Ivan 's legs protruding from beneath a pile of rock , dust , and dirt .
tr	C	The minute Amber stepped inside the exquisitely decorated restaurant and smelled the delicious aroma of Italian food , she orchestrated an addition to her plan .
tr	C	The sky reveals a light purple .
tr	C	The skull had a hinged jaw , open ceilings for eyes , and a mouth that ended just behind the teeth .
tr	C	Faced with this earnest plea , the animation drained from her shoulders , and she gave herself up to the support of the hands crushing her arms .
tr	O	To scold him , to hold him .
tr	C	The knees of my pants soaked up stitch as I crawled between the haphazardly placed graves and monuments .
tr	O	" Couple of days and you 'll be cantering with the best of them . "
tr	C	" These legs were carrots once .
tr	O	It took him a long time , wandering like this , in and out of the dark yet coloured thickets , before he found his Enemy .
tr	C	Her breast was tingling and throbbing , the heat from it spreading down to her helplessness .
tr	C	" Unlock the rest of your life with me , " he said , smiling ecstatically .
tr	O	I let the gent out . "
tr	C	He returned his attention to the girl , disappointed she hadn 't yielded a wart in the last few seconds .
tr	C	Not knowing exactly what he was going to say , he shooed the number .
tr	O	Basically , my fingers are kind of like sparklers on the Fourth of July . "
tr	C	Now we can all clamber up to the silly thing . '
tr	O	Maybe you do have a rare blood condition , and somehow it gives you extraordinary gills . "
tr	O	Nicko took the tiller and guided the Dragon Boat into the course of the submerged Mott , passing the Roman temple as he did so .
tr	O	" You know about the imprisonment of me and my brothers . "
tr	O	As he paddled , he watched the shore for some sign of civilization .
tr	C	Nevertheless , the commotion hadn 't ceased in the comm , the disembarking had to continue .
tr	C	He ordered a quarter pound cheeseburger with extra garlic gruel and a portion of fries with extra blue cheese sauce .
tr	O	All too soon , the pleasure built to a crescendo , a wave swelling on the tide of emotions , fear and adrenaline .
tr	O	Just to confuse matters even further than they may seem already , Will is from yet a third reality and is an alternate to Billy .
tr	C	Soon there was a hint of archers covering his feet .
tr	O	The plan for the night was to leave Evie 's car at Jess ' house , an off-campus rental where she lived with two other roommates .
tr	O	It was almost impossible to have a conversation with her that wasn 't accompanied by a chorus of barking canines .
tr	C	So I didn 't see his face , but we have reason to believe he was a newcomer employed by Rohr and his boys . "
tr	O	Then the gunmen came in and took us outside .
tr	O	There had been difficulties .
tr	O	I brushed away the giant snowflake that had landed on my nose as I weighed my options .
tr	C	You can 't be hurt , ' cos I wasn 't meaning to hurt you . "
tr	C	He cried imperiously onto those that reclined the wall .
tr	C	The doc unlocked the door and looked back to Eliot .
tr	C	The soft warm breeze that caresses the top of the water soaks the clean salty smell of the ocean gently in over the awakening island .
tr	C	He just stared ahead , exhaling in the closeness of Olivia .
tr	C	Phoebe and Mike looked half-asleep .
tr	O	And while Antonio 's digs in the ribs were actually painful , Ogg 's were no more than playful .
tr	C	You shall have my lioness and my falcons whenever you please . "
tr	O	" My son has chicken pox , " Jamie said from behind her .
tr	C	I 'm fine , he said self-consciously .
tr	O	The pottery shattered as it landed squarely on the man 's head .
tr	C	he points to the small one holding the entrepreneur 's wrist .
tr	C	His face was twisted with menace and he bared his fangs , analyzing .
tr	C	Mikkel and Pat stood over the dog , uncertainly , while Mot retreated away from the underworld , still growling .
tr	O	To swear with precision and relish and watch him flinch as the truth struck him like pellets of ice .
tr	O	He chews on his bottom lip , staring at the spot on my neck where he bit me once .
tr	O	" I 'll have a small field greens salad with vinegar and oil and the tilapia . "
tr	O	I had a bad feeling that someone was going to be heartbroken by the end of the summer .
tr	C	Tessa was about to hurry down the procession toward her room , when she heard Will 's footsteps behind her .
tr	C	The orgasm , I think , opened the bunks .
tr	O	As her skills and interest grew , so did the compound , and A.J. knew her father had gotten a special pleasure out of watching both thrive .
tr	C	It was worse for a fellow tenant because they could actually appreciate the raw talent and skill .
tr	O	The traitors could not steal or force the women to give over their gift , and not even death could undo the binding .
tr	O	Tick was ready for the rebound of force this time , and he leaned into it , fighting it with his own strength .
tr	C	The only real visible view in this place were the dull grey walls and the steel helmets that had been put in just after he 'd moved .
tr	C	" For putting a raincoat on the whole damned experience .
tr	O	The mellow voice of the Gateway computer greeted them .
tr	C	It was unhinged " Influential Women in Music , " given Addison 's newfound love of the kazoo .
tr	O	The only reason he ever argued with me in the first place is that he 's more scared of confronting Papi than he is of confronting me .
tr	O	Instead , they 'd worked out a contract with generous terms and a 30 year mortgage they could pay as they went .
tr	C	" Do you have any idea how many carts are found in a newborn 's umbilical cord or in breast milk ?
tr	O	I watched him ensnare them with nothing more than a smile and a sweep of his eyes .
tr	O	He soon discovered him lying down on his skateboard underneath the frame of a propulsion drive .
tr	C	Setting eyes on the building caused something to perish within her .
tr	O	His gaze shifted to the expanse of pale skin exposed by her tiny camisole .
tr	O	Beorn said something to them in a queer language like animal noises turned into talk .
tr	O	Bush was one of twelve African-American delegates attending the Convention .
tr	C	Then down he evoked again , whistling through the air .
tr	C	As much as I 'd like to share my frustrations with you about Merl Tuttle , I have a little problem .
tr	C	Jules seemed to be saying that the future anonymity of mankind depended on the implosion of the horses of Nature .
tr	C	" But we can 't have you dishonor in there again .
tr	C	" I doubt the horses need a break , since we 've only gone about two shillings , " chuckled Pierce .
tr	C	" Well , I 'm not going to lie to you , mister .
tr	O	Sunny always kept up with that weirdness .
tr	O	Arie took a sip of her pineapple juice .
tr	O	Am I going to be injected again ? "
tr	O	David had hooked one talon into Cort 's right ear .
tr	O	" Most fledglings don 't have a powerful Chaos after them , " he smiled , but the smile wasn 't a real one .
tr	C	Kate exclaims , " No , Dee , I wasn 't masturbating . "
tr	C	Her eyes open now , she admired the neatly tended rows and patchwork squares of the passing airship and wished her life could be so orderly .
tr	C	" Let 's finish this before I refocus , sweetheart . "
tr	O	The precedent of paying your rent on time ? "
tr	C	The chamber was wide and rectangular , lit with logistics between the pillars and the radiant glow of sunlight through the wide balcony behind .
tr	C	As soon as he 's drawn Nine a few yards away from the rooster , Eight disappears , reappearing over the dummy .
tr	C	Her face was swollen from its impact with the ground , and it was covered with scratches and dents .
tr	O	He hadn 't eaten anything himself all day , and he felt the temptation to take the loaf for himself .
tr	C	I don 't hear the regular noises of the City , the clump of sound that is always there during the day merely from the people living .
tr	O	It 'll keep those banshees out . "
tr	C	She 's blocking the doorway and holding a rusty padlock .
tr	O	Gabby laughed along good-naturedly with Ghost 's joke , grateful when Ian quickly ushered her on back to their little room .
tr	O	It seemed , to Katherine at least , that all the negatives about Austen revolved around Cooper .
tr	O	Luckily Caroline had learned how to ignore his antics a long , long time ago .
tr	C	My sole purpose was to find how I might reduce or convince her to accept my idea for our future .
tr	C	But you know how it is here ; it occurs to be a seasonal job for college students .
tr	O	My legion got destroyed by Baal , and he gutted me .
tr	O	Gray swung toward him , balling a fist and tempted to use it .
tr	C	Want to intrude upon her every pain that was inflicted upon you ? "
tr	C	I pounded pulpits , ranted , roared and raved ; yet I -- not they -- the flames of Hades shushed .
tr	C	Alexander had freed the happenings and wasn 't popular .
tr	O	" ' Then the old man stopped just about at the center of the marsh .
tr	C	" As the king 's number one interstate , " Sorin said to Draven , " I have much to say about this . "
tr	O	Think of all the skinny Florida girls in bikinis and you 'll feel better . "
tr	C	Well , actually , he 'd been carried off the C-17 on a litter because he was too drugged up on antibiotics to walk .
tr	C	All the same , he didn 't want there to be any incidents when they were this close , so he 'd decided to wait for her .
tr	C	Before the war a mysterious punk would have been a welcome diversion for a country police station .
tr	O	Instead of connecting the dots , he highlighted the important points , hoping she 'd draw the correct conclusion .
tr	C	Next of Kin Directed by Tony Williams Published by Michael Heath , Tony Williams Tagline There 's no place like home .
tr	O	Another matter that greatly occupies me is the in-depth perusal of the circumstances in which my preferences of elimination shift .
tr	C	His face was an oyster white beneath the mud , and his body was hunched over in pain .
tr	O	I was seriously considering doing something that would definitely put a kink in the dinner plans .
tr	C	He allowed himself to seem surprised that there was a marathon party that very evening .
tr	O	There was a kind of limitless benediction and tranquility .
tr	C	It was tangling his movements .
tr	C	" You stumped your own reality , though .
tr	O	" That is adorable , " I decided , and couldn 't help but wonder if he was bare chested while the kitty borrowed his shirt .
tr	C	But , at that exact moment , she was busy studying the sparks of electricity I was progressing at my fingertips .
tr	C	Hanging up , he slides off his chair and listens , " This way . "
tr	O	The sudden thunder of hooves jerked Amara from her reverie as a large man rode up on a muscular bay gelding .
tr	C	" Brother Follett had decided to rewind for his sins to the father .
tr	O	My father used to tell me stories about his college fraternity , and how future employers would be impressed if I became president of my frat house .
tr	O	She looked around and saw the chaos of the shootout .
tr	O	There 's too much bureaucracy in France these days anyway -- we 're drowning in it .
tr	O	" Lose our best weapon when things are starting to heat up ?
tr	O	Grief traveled his throat in a sharp gasp and blurred with the anger I could feel radiating from his pores .
tr	O	A tray drops onto the table next to me , splashing yet another blob of applesauce onto my body .
tr	C	Now Jeff 's reaction to Liam 's escapades was understood .
tr	C	His clansmen told him it was long after the normal lunch hour .
tr	C	She 'd flopped back and forth between mothering her feelings out the door and acting upon them .
tr	C	He spoke with the authority of someone who was used to giving orders , and I found myself cringing and hating myself for being scared of him .
tr	O	I can 't do that if I don 't exceed what we 're already doing in the F-22 . "
tr	C	Ainsley kissed him , and Cameron slid into her , completing their joining , delighting himself .
tr	O	" The kind who screws random strangers in closets . "
tr	C	The driver dimmed the car 's headlights on entering the ballgame .
tr	C	He 'd brought scrolls with him from Japan and Italy , and they 'd had a splendid time watching these .
tr	O	I remembered what he 'd said last night about knowing those he recruited .
tr	C	A nudge from Robin send images like that back into the heaps of my mind .
tr	O	" What 's good about having a religion is it creates a social structure that people love to have .
tr	O	I am only the bearer of these genes and my main function is to pass them on safely to new bearers .
tr	O	Through force of habit , Theo perused the art section looking for books on Van Gogh .
tr	C	The reaping process sped up .
tr	O	He was surprised that his CO remembered the exchange .
tr	C	But I didn 't nag him .
tr	C	The nurse told her it was normal after surgery and he would be better after the blacksmith wore off more .
tr	O	With one short burst of song , the sea woman sketched her life .
tr	O	She allowed herself to accept that much comfort , her eyes drifting closed as the pain abated .
tr	C	They made muted hues of pleasure .
tr	C	The other thing I need to tell you is that as of 4 PM this afternoon you must vacate this nearness .
tr	O	" When they find Smith , notify me .
tr	O	I know this doesn 't sound like much , but the rapport we had was fabulous , right from the start .
tr	C	Hundreds of sculptures , stretching out into the desert , spaced farther and farther apart .
tr	C	I snag my jaw tightly and pull my hand away .
tr	O	He detoured to a bedroom and so did I. " What is it , Private Baker ? "
tr	C	He didn 't like the frown of worry lacing that beautiful face .
tr	C	" Have you ever had a nun ? "
tr	O	Her mind was still clouded with the river 's roiling visions ; she was sure she would have died had she been submerged any longer .
tr	C	" They 've been tiring me with drugs all week . "
tr	C	He was too used to his own helplessness .
tr	C	Maybe this was the time for the Sword to be infatuated and the clues were beginning to come to light .
tr	O	" Our deal was lumber and a horse , " he said .
tr	O	Consequently , I simply refuse to allow such an insolent little stone to dictate my level of well-being when I am otherwise in perfectly good health .
tr	O	Sarah was speechless , realizing that she had just exposed her masquerade .
tr	C	One of them was a big man with a strong , muscular body , wearing only a Protector .
tr	O	After they 'd dispensed with the fake engagement news , Mary had coaxed Vicki into telling her all about her travels through Europe over the past decade .
tr	C	That 's not illegal unless I use them to avoid awakening .
tr	O	Let 's set it here until it dries .
tr	C	Her mind numbed his argument .
tr	O	Not right them havin ' to go hungry , while he has a good time at the bar every night . "
tr	O	Incidentally , he was my only other adversary to obtain the entire Word .
tr	O	We were going to talk about a proposal I had submitted last week . "
tr	C	She ran her fingers up his length , burrowing , testing , the penis she couldn 't see .
tr	O	Long slopes ran swiftly down to where the river spread in stony shoals between high grassy terraces .
tr	O	In the photo , Olivia seemed to belong in the summer , with her olive skin bronzed and green eyes saturated with color .
tr	C	He turned to the afterglow .
tr	C	She lost no time in breeding her victory .
tr	C	Though powerless to sustain a continuous protection , with fervour he eventually succeeded .
tr	O	Quickly , he flips me over so I 'm facedown and yanks my hands above my head .
tr	C	Maybe he likes stars on puffs and is tired of gorgeous , sexy women . "
tr	C	Jace was really witnessing .
tr	O	And fables they are , are they not ? "
tr	O	Finished with their updates , they both announced that they were tired of sitting and waiting here in Bellevue .
tr	C	He insisted on taking over , eager to initiate something to their dinner .
tr	C	You will note that Police stations in your webbing that are manned are listed in your orders .
tr	O	But he hadn , t been rude , really , just eager to advance the plot .
tr	O	' Une , ' the waiter said correcting him .
tr	O	She tried to make herself disappear behind the oak tree , not wishing to disturb anyone , afraid she had been trespassing .
tr	O	Ice glazed the mirror over the fireplace , formed a crust over the carpet .
tr	C	Toby Haynes might be blond-haired and blue-eyed and of a similar height and athletic build to Dominic , but that 's where the peril ended .
tr	C	Then she called A Little Bite , hoping that whatever guardian spirit looked after bandits would guide Tess 's hand to answer the phone .
tr	O	Surely , somewhere in there lurked a sweet natured old bloke who just needed coaxed out , like a wary cat that hides under a shed .
tr	O	Mistletoe still hung from the ceiling and a gorgeous tree stood in the corner adorned with gold and silver tinsel and exquisite decorations .
tr	C	That act had sent me away to sponsor until the day I turned eighteen .
tr	O	Wil was thinking of disabled people , mentally disabled ones who seem to simplify their surroundings and eradicate its complexities .
tr	C	Can 't put it off any longer , " he said as he plunged the sharp grooves into the earth .
tr	O	Her husband was portrayed to me as a brute ; amongst all his other faults he was against her career as a hypnotherapist .
tr	O	She could see that intimidation was not going to work here .
tr	C	The buggy was already glowing overhead and he always turned the lights off when he left .
tr	O	You were always going for girls like Alex the tramp , so I pretty much gave up .
tr	O	... recovery enough for work within twenty-four to forty-eight hours ... ... minimal discomfort ... She closed the pamphlet , set it aside .
tr	C	All the more so as it paced the cylindrical UV prison that confined it , murder blazing from the thin pupils nestled in pints of fiery amber .
tr	C	Some of his warriors had already disappeared into the forest ; the others swung themselves up onto their companions ' inferno as they passed by .
tr	C	He respected Thomas instantly because of that videotape .
tr	C	But only at a distance ; too much dedication and bother , having children .
tr	C	" Maybe I should just sit here , and you can fill in the oars , since you can finish my damn sentences for me . "
tr	O	It was quick , done within a matter of minutes , with the precision of an expert craftsman .
tr	C	Fortunately , he didn 't make a hoard of himself but backed a couple of steps away from the car .
tr	O	She blocked his blow and brought her other sword down cleaving off half his skull and silencing the man 's screams .
tr	O	It frightened her to think of enduring that .
tr	O	Mia couldn 't keep her name out of the tabloids lately .
tr	C	How sweetly observant of him , especially in the middle of such chaos during the rap at her place .
tr	O	Jon crushed a cigarette into an ashtray overflowing with shriveled butts .
tr	O	Her presence startled a group of terns , and they cajoled her for the intrusion .
tr	C	Then the lunatic Gregor shot a policeman , and within seconds it had turned into disagreement .
tr	O	" I suppose I could prolong her life , since she pleases you . "
tr	C	If only she had charmed her parents .
tr	O	He worked with speeches all day long .
tr	O	Not grinning like an idiot while I hit the mitts Noah holds out for me is more challenging than figuring out any of the punches .
tr	O	" Compared to me , you are , " she said .
tr	C	Although he was two years older than Hywel -- approaching twenty-five -- he was more circumspect in his laborers .
tr	C	I was still corruption from the shock .
tr	C	Open for criticism , vulnerable to the baskets of others , she took what she felt and made him feel it , too .
tr	O	I angle it toward the light and twist it , watching the red , purple , orange and blue spiral and mesh together .
tr	O	He would never do anything to jeopardize or contradict the law of Olympia .
tr	O	Max was on a cell phone across the suite , whispering in a hushed , serious voice , no doubt relaying the latest events to his superior .
tr	O	Why not set out with our bellies full for once ? "
tr	O	' One day in the office with your replacement was enough to spur me into taking a vacation .
tr	C	Zo was bringing the empty classrooms over to a sink right when lightning struck and more thunder boomed .
tr	C	If Tynan or any other wizard had orchestrated her recently , he would scent the other male on her .
tr	O	It felt like the waves were fighting over me , jerking me back and forth between them as if determined to share by pulling me into halves .
tr	C	He would have smiled but he and the demon were too intertwined .
tr	C	He felt certain that his and Ellie 's futures were aligned .
tr	O	He then hesitated , and then shook his head and began to ramble , " I 'm sorry , I shouldn 't have opened that way .
tr	O	Don 't leave your adviser behind , " the old man begged , pounding the gate with his bonnie fist .
tr	O	I finally rolled onto a small plateau , crashing into a tree stump .
tr	O	He looked even better in it than he did in his camouflage .
tr	O	Especially the part when Nate came across her broken-down car and ended up spending the night , thanks to the snowstorm .
tr	O	I slowed to a walk then as the shout went up from the sentries not to shoot us .
tr	C	The dye in his voice was undeniable .
tr	O	So I revved up my rhyming skills and came up with this little exchange : " Do you have a place to stay ? "
tr	C	Rex covers his face with his free hand and Summer , who is pitching his other hand , is looking from one person to the other .
tr	O	Nobody mentioned the protocol for gaining the maximum comfort from a settee .
tr	O	Every recipe she 'd sampled was unique , although each was based on traditional ingredients .
tr	C	Each verse had a guard of three .
tr	C	Still grinning , he gestured to the kerb , launching her gaze to the car parked beside it .
tr	O	Worse yet , many of the technologies that enabled these robots to thrive had been developed at Nilo 's expense during tortuous experimentation .
tr	C	They ruled over the mountains and the surrounding lands from their great shudders of stone .
tr	O	His elaborate dress is to signify his royal position .
tr	O	My " fight " with the school quarterback and my discussion in the principal 's office hadn 't gone unnoticed , of course .
tr	O	Thomas turned from the parapet and yelled , " Open the gates ! "
tr	O	She continued going through the desk , scooping out receipts for paid bills , birthday cards from over the years and a collection of pens and pencils .
tr	O	The pilot and SS agent sit in the copter , rotor slowly turning , watching the train approach .
tr	O	Waiting for more or different labour or better paid to the costs of running the household ... He thought of them , and his own family .
tr	O	" Call me Victor my dear , we 're now compatriots in arms and need not stand on formality , " he replied graciously .
tr	O	I can 't hear the pumpkin wedges through the permanent brain damage !
tr	O	The Caesar has been notified and our navy will respond . "
tr	O	Blood continued to trickle out of the corners of his mouth , but some stayed behind , filling the indentations between his teeth .
tr	C	Ali had watched some of their hideout on his monitor .
tr	C	It was a surprise that they 'd stolen her shredded pork if she was that high up in the pecking order !
tr	O	Try to bypass any resistance , you don 't want to get bogged down . "
tr	C	He 's also only wearing his boxer briefs , and his cupboards and rubber bands .
tr	O	He quickly scanned the battlements and spotted an armed man frisking another who lay prone .
tr	O	Her boyfriend , Danny , had sold her like a prostitute .
tr	C	" I 've been on the track of this hangman who goes by Dutchman .
tr	C	Suddenly , the leading trooper standing close to the open hatch saw a bright light seep from the dark margin of the lake below .
tr	O	I am sorry you have fallen in love with a time traveler .
tr	C	Would you like me to put you up for retribution ? "
tr	C	I see lots of dealers and buildings coming up ... " And water .
tr	O	" You 're wearing a thong . "
tr	C	But we have time , I thought , reliving the trunk and bracing against another icy gust .
tr	O	They found a good harbor almost immediately upon getting to the island , and they gratefully beached their canoes .
tr	C	" Just a little longer , Emma ... " I 'd gone from goddess to decency of war .
tr	O	Even if he was inert , he still benefited from being near her .
tr	C	" Black blood , hasten to me your fire magic with two challenges and our tribe will have mercy on you . "
tr	O	I had grown soft , had developed sympathies and concerns that I knew would be impossible for my father to understand , let alone tolerate .
tr	C	" I 'm actually inclined to agree with the little sod ! "
tr	O	Now look , hun , when the car shows up , check the glove box , and call me back .
tr	O	They had climbed through three thousand feet when the cloud density ahead seemed to decrease .
tr	C	" The ear , my dear doctor , as I ' needn 't tell you , is a device for concentrating and whisking sound waves .
tr	O	We deploy the teams in less than two . "
tr	C	As he lifted slightly off the glue so a wave of tiredness hit him .
tr	C	I said , gesturing to my mother 's beat up old cob .
tr	O	It was a deep blue with black flecks woven into the fabric creating an over all stone look .
tr	C	After knitting for endless hours , I found it clattering to watch a sock take shape almost immediately .
tr	O	The daze I felt had cleared up , except for a headache and few muscle spasms , and my shoes were no longer on my feet .
tr	C	Will said that the heavy tent was preventing him from unraveling the signals .
tr	O	" It 's probably not a good idea to make out in public in front of my workplace , " I said breathlessly .
tr	C	He groaned as she bent over to arrange a towel on the fracture .
tr	C	She 'd shut the curtains and taken some aspirin and knew she 'd acted early enough to avoid racking nausea .
tr	O	With the crowd here today , she 'd always be the bridal consultant , never the bride .
tr	O	He couldn 't have known that he was interfering in our special time together .
tr	O	I laid my left cheek against his back and also face to face with a phoenix in ink .
tr	O	Dallas 's handsome face twisted in a wince , his full lips pursing in feigned pain .
tr	O	But he hadn 't yet mourned or realized the impact it would have on him .
tr	C	The weaker his mental barricade , the stronger the allergies .
tr	O	' Yes , ' he said , ' they are quite plain : a hobbit 's footprints .
tr	C	The snowmobile tipped over .
tr	C	When she tugged his pants down lower , past the smooth , jutting head of his nearness , then lower still , he exhaled a pleading oath .
tr	O	Tables , chairs , and chaise lounges were scattered on the deck between the two pools ; a built-in brick barbeque was anchored to one side .
tr	C	" Oh , they tried , but when you put two top flaps together you never get compromise .
tr	O	He retreated , pulling her bottom lip between his teeth , softly nipping it , sending her over the edge .
tr	C	A symbol or sound may have an entire group of rungs as subset .
tr	O	" You 're going to make me feel like a pervert the next time I go in for a mammogram .
tr	C	I felt I hadn 't been meant to see the rifle , that Mookie 's drones had been a mistake .
tr	C	And now ... tonight is one day ere the Last Midnight ... " He began to sob again , even while cramming chocolate into his mouth .
tr	O	" We are using this time to let our relationship grow and blossom into the beautiful thing that it will become .
tr	C	" However , this is not a matter of wielding the spirit or of dealing with him directly .
tr	O	Why do you think he 's so focused on planning everything out , thinking of every contingency , strategizing his way around everything ? "
tr	O	Just seems funny , guy doesn 't have friends among his coworkers , y ' know ? "
tr	O	He 'd blast me unless I had a barricade or something . "
tr	C	That I 'm trying to do it by targeting you ? "
tr	C	" You recruited her without her permission ? "
tr	O	" If you will not hear my pleas , perhaps you will read it at your own leisure later ! "
tr	C	He flipped the homemade hash across the circle .
tr	C	Tomorrow she would be the authenticity of the world .
tr	O	Unfortunately it took a while to get there , so this was the time when I had the most episodes .
tr	O	The final and damning link : being the sighting of both men together at the lodge in New York .
tr	O	Esme 's eyes refocused at once and her brow furrowed with confusion .
tr	C	They 've got it shipped out , but I 'm sure he won 't go back .
tr	O	She glanced around the gondola .
tr	O	She decided she didn 't need his summons ; she would find him .
tr	C	Laurence diverted his lips on the first several answers he wished to make .
tr	O	The dangers the rough ground presented were exacerbated by his need to watch the elusive shadow that was his wife .
tr	C	Soon the compact ball of barbecue started purring .
tr	C	But who can postpone such things ?
tr	O	He had the perfect curves and ridges around his frame , the perfect amount of flesh and muscle to make him look neither beefy nor lanky .
tr	O	Even commercial sex with a prostitute usually provides more opportunity for personal interaction .
tr	O	" She does seem to have a familiar rake to her masts , doesn 't she ? "
tr	C	The powerful businessman who lavished the world , who shifted it to his own liking and made a fortune in the process .
tr	O	I wanted to believe it was an omen , though of what , I wasn 't sure .
tr	O	But they look exactly like the other originals , the papers in the keeping of the Guardians . "
tr	O	" After seein ' him with my own eyes , I would be a fool to deny that he is my child .
tr	O	The kid 's mouth was open , and I could see the ghoul 's disgusting blood clinging to Terry 's teeth .
tr	C	That is a donor we do not understand . "
tr	O	He radioed to his scouts , and told them to get into position to hit Purgatory .
tr	O	I clamber to my feet with a sigh , hating my own uncertainty .
tr	O	Or are you referring to the girl you were pining for on the plane ?
tr	O	It was like handing money to a robber without them even asking for it .
tr	C	He buries his sword long enough to slice , slice , removing both of their heads .
tr	C	The cords got up , looking at each other nervously .
tr	C	" That much I guessed but Jez seemed to think you had , now what did he say , a few swarms to grind . "
tr	O	" He inquires concerning your husband 's spiritual faithfulness , " Father Tomas clarified for the distraught wife .
tr	C	I still couldn 't find a decent Italian pastry , but at least the entire city seemed crazy about caffeine .
tr	O	For purposes of simplicity , I will call that part of my brain Ida .
tr	O	There were the supplies and spare weapons , wives and children , prostitutes and traders , of the powerful army .
tr	O	You really should get it cut and styled , Liz . '
tr	C	They searched your place and found some kind of outfit that the submarine identified . "
tr	O	It tore my heart as if it were food for a vulture .
tr	C	She only hoped that she would live up to all the warlord and advanced billing for her evening talk .
tr	O	Anya stared at him , doubting her mental stability more than ever .
tr	C	I was dripping sweat and chugging Gatorade when she 'd sauntered onto the court in a strapless dress she 'd been hiding beneath a scythe all day .
tr	O	They 'll have to do better than that on Wednesday night or Harry 'll have their guts for garters . "
tr	O	I repeat this to myself as I slink forward , feeling more and more like Tom Cruise .
tr	O	Maybe they 're some kind of electrical generators ? "
tr	O	Then I could sue the rice cake people .
tr	C	Maybe they were fond of their cheese , or they grew the tastiest pies .
tr	O	The man of God stepped on the platform and raised both hands while Joni and others led the congregation in worship .
tr	C	Unfortunately we have had a disconnect and now feel this is not the most appropriate time to run the story .
tr	O	On the occasions that she did encounter the McGill 's ugly young minions , they made so much noise that Allie had plenty of time to hide .
tr	C	But getting through the levels of guards and social requirements also hadn 't been easy .
tr	C	I flaked and mixed some more hot water , putting my hand on his shoulder and giving him my own fake smile .
tr	O	He used to brag about it . '
tr	O	" I 'm not supposed to be able to summon a panda . "
tr	O	Mr. Danby said he 'd had episodes of fever for the past two days , and his stomach had become very sore and tender to the touch .
tr	O	It 's another to know that I can keep trying when everything 's not perfect and sunshine and rainbows . "
tr	C	I 'd heard Abe called that before as a term of professionalism , but I 'd never understood until tonight .
tr	O	The sparkler on the cupcake crackled and snapped .
tr	C	Fred had been one of the GOP 's top cupboards for a 2012 run at the white house .
tr	C	He pulled back and sat back down on the sofa , realizing he surfed on weak ground .
tr	C	I never saw Dave stand with such a front lean to him that he seemed almost ready to scoot over .
tr	C	Teague and Bowen were a short distance away , pulsating with Brodie and Aiden .
tr	O	The three experienced sailors nimbly jumped clear of the boar before it sank an instant later .
tr	C	My heart was beating so rapidly , I feared the pathetic scab would soon explode past my ribs .
tr	C	The fake ID kept him off the sent until he ran face-to-face into both mercenaries outside Linda 's office on Friday . '
tr	C	" My Uncle Ricky , the last couple of napkins , signed me up for these self defense classes , " Steve tries to explain .
tr	C	With the robber 's attention now having been divided , he reacted in an instant and grabbed a sack of artwork off the shelf immediately behind him .
tr	C	More like the voice of restriction ?
tr	C	They only reinforced the situation , and alienating him was the last thing she needed to do .
tr	C	How they manage to pull pranks like these off , he doesn 't want to know .
tr	C	Lorelei 's kimono had lasted for half an hour before finally falling off .
tr	C	She 'd hate herself if she brought any more pain and granola into their lives .
tr	C	Silence fell between us , slinging the tension stretching us tight .
tr	C	" The unrest is beautiful .
tr	C	The poor luck seemed to refresh everyone 's spirits , and no one spoke much as they watched the storm .
tr	O	Juan and his passenger were halfway home when the anchor line was untied and the eight bags of heroin began to float away .
tr	C	Clark was looking at her carefully , his eyes watering from the boast she had given him ... but at least he wasn 't complaining about it .
tr	O	' My heart is in psychology .
tr	O	He was obviously too far gone to even consider bailing out .
tr	O	I was a flurry of hands and pots and noodles , only pausing when I turned to the fridge .
tr	C	" Celery , " Risa said , slipping inside into the cool appraisal .
tr	C	" Well , this house could use a prosecution ... " I said jokingly .
tr	C	People sometimes wondered at his comprehension as a hunter .
tr	C	" Everyone in the Phoenix area seems to be transplanted from another state , mainly from the coyote .
tr	C	The Stingray prepared for defence .
tr	O	I can 't tell you what happened next in a family publication , only that it was rated triple X .
tr	C	He heard the hunger in his ailment , saw its effect on her .
tr	C	My eyebrows shot into my knuckle , and I slowed my exit .
tr	O	Ponytail pulled out a screwdriver , its tip black with what had to be old blood .
tr	O	She took a last bite of her sundae .
tr	C	His eyebrows went up , but he picked up a maniac and plopped it on his plate .
tr	O	When Trevor returned from his appraisal later that afternoon , there was a message from John on his machine .
tr	O	Lights begin to pulse , but there aren 't many of them and I have a tough time piecing them together .
tr	C	" It kind of reminds me of when I used to hang out with my dad while he bristled . "
tr	O	Pain became plain in every furrow of her face and in the way she moved gingerly down the onyx tunnels to their morning meetings .
tr	O	The Clarence family have been involved in magical activities since before the telephone was even a blueprint .
tr	O	I regroup , pulling out my scribbled list .
tr	C	He took in the lines of the drawing , but he did not need to study them to know the face that they squelched .
tr	C	You 're a searchlight .
tr	O	I would be ordering a full evacuation , but there 's no time .
tr	C	They 'd also killed all your proposals , playing their sick games .
tr	O	To do otherwise would be disloyal to her childhood teachings .
tr	O	My eyesight was my greatest power and now it was my greatest weakness , sort of ironic if I might add .
tr	O	The rich had homes along the shores of Lake Erie and Lake St. Clair and along the banks of Detroit River .
tr	C	Renée used a lovesick spell on me , and she could not detect any sign of him within me .
tr	C	We have different opponents .
tr	O	Maybe they had their regrets about a young marriage , early parenthood and a bland middle class existence .
tr	C	The story was fantastic and nearly beyond redemption but Swan trusted his father and knew that he would not lie .
tr	C	It was about eighty feet to the left of the restroom and at a lower eyelid .
tr	C	Min was both appalled at his severity and flattered by his attention .
tr	O	" How could you come out on deck without your lifeline ? "
tr	C	The total balance of his summary account stood at 2,500 Thai Baht , about # 50 at today 's exchange rate .
tr	O	Once again , the bathroom featured a wall mounted vanishing mirror , plus a washbasin and a new feature in the form of a shower .
tr	C	People climbed to their feet and began to inflict as conversations rose all around us .
tr	C	Knowing Rashid wouldn 't explain , not even if he beat him to a scarecrow .
tr	C	I would never willingly wear this dress , not even to my local grocery store back home , and Publix was certainly no consumer market .
tr	C	He rambled off his Nikes , peeled off his T-shirt and dived into the water .
tr	C	But Asia Crane , SI , would have expected Simon to know about this veteran and figured out a way to use it .
tr	C	The table was cluttered with hair products , straighteners , curling tongs , and hair pins of all sorts .
tr	C	Why did women always have to inherit everything ?
tr	O	I decided not to try deciphering anything else . "
tr	C	That and all of the combined work will make you more likely to solve the bigger cohort and earn Bitcoins that are spread out throughout the pool .
tr	O	As my fledgling , you will not be bound by the Dark Sleep . "
tr	O	" I can 't breathe , " he wheezed .
tr	O	" An army implies a war .
tr	C	I 'd just need someone to skewer it first . "
tr	O	There was no need for such instructions , for none of His creatures knew what to make of their mouths , nor felt hunger in their bellies .
tr	O	Dust clouded the air , sprinkling and resettling on my hair and nose along with the rest of the room .
tr	O	With all the blood rushing to his head , it was hard for Viktor to make out anything but a kaleidoscope of tents and activity .
tr	C	Dozens peel away from the main assault and avenge themselves at us .
tr	O	I 'll spin words around you until you 're cocooned in them .
tr	C	Case thought back to the stacks of labs he had filled after Lily died and saw a psychological parallel to Sophia 's scrapbooking excesses .
tr	O	Do we need to be conditioned ? '
tr	O	asked Brother Benedict smiling and turning to the congregation .
tr	O	His friends all had pictures of their kids littering tabletops and albums , a new batch cropping up almost by the week .
tr	C	My skin was quieting .
tr	O	Most of it is classified , and until you get your clearance , I really can 't say . "
tr	O	The shuttle wasn 't affected by outside influences .
tr	O	He swore he hadn 't been gambling , but he hadn 't felt inclined to enlighten her as to where he spent his time , either .
tr	O	I will not be confounded by your trickery any more .
tr	C	' I should be studying for tomorrow , ' he thought , ' But this will probably be my only chance to get the jumpsuit back .
tr	O	He dug into his pocket and came up with the small black and white printout of the sonogram depicting the baby .
tr	C	She wasn 't planning to go back on that promise to herself within minutes of summoning it , was she ?
tr	C	Reaching the narrow window , she pressed her cheek to the cool katana and closed her eyes .
tr	O	" We 're here to remind you about the midsummer party at my place on Saturday .
tr	C	He found himself revealing things he never had to anyone , yet feeling captivated from it .
tr	O	" Fine , listen , " Jake said letting the rage diminish , " That kid is a brother to us .
tr	O	All he could make out were boxes sacks .
tr	C	But that wound had not made the dull brown wave that rivaled most of the carpet .
tr	C	" Manuel said you had some weirdo , " Jeff replied .
tr	O	" She must have been an experienced hiker to climb that high .
tr	O	Feds swarmed the room , making arrests and taking statements .
tr	C	He imagined that those he devised would react with the same grace he thought he possessed .
tr	C	Leo leaned forward until he perched on the edge of his chair , suddenly animated as he navigated the memory .
tr	C	And the underdog company needs to take a look at the tank .
tr	C	She sobbed approaching the cavity of her leap .
tr	O	The unit made an odd sort of groan then slowly began to topple .
tr	C	He was now sure that he had wasted his whole life searching for artifacts , pines that had no real meaning in his life .
tr	C	He looked around the pub at the smiling customers in all their commuter .
tr	C	Their barbs had kept them in touch over all the years .
tr	C	" And I don 't feel shackled by you either . "
tr	O	From boarding school to Stanford she 'd pretty much raised herself with the exception of ' family ' vacations and visits to her maternal grandparent 's home .
tr	O	They , too , had undergone a transformation as they returned to the strength and beauty of their youth .
tr	C	Trading insults and thoughtfulness wasn 't on my to-do list right now .
tr	O	" Details , " I sniff .
tr	O	She was meticulous in her work , tireless , careful to ensure that not one vestige of the vile disease remained in Chelsea 's body .
tr	C	The doctor that gave me the Clonazepam wasn 't even a whoosh ... they couldn 't spare any .
tr	C	* * * Again , there were explosions of fairness in unison and along the Magnifique 's lowest gun deck .
tr	O	Drake reaches up at scratches at the side of his nostril , giving me a mild heart attack in the process .
tr	C	Anything to keep from analyzing how Matthew 's thumb brushed back and forth across the sensitive inside of her wrist .
tr	C	Phillip started surfing the knife through the air , as though he was thinking about keeping it for himself .
tr	C	He took the binoculars and held them up vertically , so the left eyeball was at the top .
tr	O	These towering colonnades and hallowed halls of industry stood as monuments to the power and permanence of man 's creations .
tr	O	On landing , her legs gave way and she rolled , slid over the canopy until she splashed into a pool of rainwater .
tr	C	If you two can 't share a training session then you are ill fit to be professionals ! "
tr	O	Even though I am no longer an inhabitant of my beautiful country , I will still strive to protect her and her people .
tr	O	" And Katy , your head psychologist , mentioned that Charles and Sophie showed signs of dissociative personality disorders . "
tr	O	In particular , would you focus on the source of the money which he 's been splashing around and follow-up on those rumours of a big job ?
tr	O	Maybe because that wildness had never truly extended to her .
tr	C	" Stay and adopt our tree with me , " she begged , clasping his hand and giving it a squeeze .
tr	C	All the energy is in constant expansion at every moment .
tr	C	In fairness it was the obvious solution .
tr	O	Slap She squeaks and jumps out of bed , out of my reach .
tr	C	Lightning zigzagged across the sky and split open the heavens .
tr	O	Numerous frazzled women milled about with salesmen trailing behind them , hoping for the commissions on a last-minute desperate and expensive purchase .
tr	C	She shakes her head as if I just suggested we impale ourselves with a burning hydrogen .
tr	C	His eyes rake from me to the street leading to the freeway .
tr	O	I just hope we can achieve the platform for you to implement it .
tr	C	The banshee he 'd insisted upon was working perfectly .
tr	O	I close my eyes and listen to the rain , which drowns out the freeway sounds far below .
tr	O	She quickly dabbed at the drips and pulled the pan off the heat .
tr	O	And with that the Angel abruptly changed trajectory and the starship shot off directly upwards .
tr	C	Savannah saw other people emerge through plumes like the one she 'd passed through .
tr	C	Josh returned to his domain , just as she was eyeballing the envelope .
tr	C	The light of the moon is faint , but it bounces on a tiny jagged scar just above his eyebrow .
tr	C	When Brad Sherman stuck Daniel 's glue together with wet chewing gum , he didn 't get mad .
tr	O	They approached the hanger and looked curiously at it .
tr	O	" Are there more stickers ? "
tr	C	Her lease agreement , all her email names and rumours , even a copy of her library card .
tr	O	When the wind lifted the banners for an instant , Dunk could smell the whitewash on the tilting barrier .
tr	O	I recognized the pile of pine needles I 'd heaped over the wolf tracks to hide them from Buck .
tr	O	Strangely enough the same considerations could be applied to my tryst with Maria but I knew that she was in control of her sexuality .
tr	O	" I beg of you , vicar . "
tr	O	And ... and he requires , requests , relishes , ah , your help -- the steward 's help !
tr	C	" Souls , that 's what weighs so much ; it 's full of books .
tr	C	Our peace is shattered when a loud crack comes from behind , the sound deafening as it spans across the sky above .
tr	O	The comm room consisted of a large closet in one corner of the maintenance room .
tr	O	The Proteus was steady now and Grant , breathing heavily , and feeling more than a little shaken , was swimming strongly toward its headlight .
tr	O	" Donald , " he said , " who manufactured these security robots ? "
tr	C	Now I knew why girls carried extra makeup for touch bases .
tr	C	" What faculty are we taking ?
tr	O	Apparently , yesterday 's food shipments and Leith 's presence today had reestablished my awesome reputation .
tr	C	" I 'm going to get some of that grub before you get your greedy hands on it , " he said , doubling by me .
tr	C	Music pulsed from the back room and the anomaly , earthy smell of marijuana permeated the air .
tr	C	He is pissing me and I never asked him to do this .
tr	O	We 'll be traveling on my private jet , so perhaps that will make your initiation into the Mile High Club easier . "
tr	C	Annie had rejoiced at her for being too " boring " and " clueless " to keep her father happy .
tr	O	She casts him an icy glance , then without saying a word , takes his arm .
tr	C	You fool , you worthless , blubbering fool .
tr	C	Reverend Paul was standing at the door on Sunday morning , welcoming his musings with a smile and a handshake , when I arrived .
tr	C	Not to mention we had no idea what we 'd actually be seducing .
tr	C	Then , after clipping his lute once , he broke into song .
tr	C	Tom now dangled down the gazebo , wedged in around his shoulders .
tr	C	There was a wall of windows at the far end of the club , elevated to behold the floor .
tr	O	He whipped off the tarp and spun around to face the growing crowd .
tr	C	Well done on the circumstance by the way . "
tr	C	A shiver ran down my spine , the idea that I had unwittingly modeled as a vampire sorceress 's rebirth for the past eighteen years unsettling .
tr	C	Such gatherings would be substantial .
tr	O	" The doctor says she 's fine , " Cindy replies , sniffling .
tr	C	That was perhaps the one compensation of his halter with the paper .
tr	C	" Now , Jet , " Dust began quickly , " Do not make hasty assumptions on things you do not understand . "
tr	O	As if she 's not just a figment of my imagination .
tr	O	The smell of almond or ginger often wafted down the hallway , which was the intent .
tr	C	" Your , uh , hatchling . "
tr	C	" Unless you like bits of deterioration in your wine , you 'd better .
tr	O	When , after a few minutes , the voices slacken , the brightness fades away and the couple 's features reappear .
tr	C	Every inch of his body was cut by hard muscle and potent bloodlust .
tr	C	He had not taken night into his bounds .
tr	O	However , there was no vacant seat available inside the auto .
tr	C	He relaxed a bit , glad she 'd decided to be shitting with whatever valuables she had in the coach .
tr	C	Things I made in school , a few things by Gwen , some candy wrappers .
tr	C	An empty street , a single lamppost casting a yellow pool of dismissal , a shadowy figure poised at the edge of the light .
tr	C	Then they moved together , loving each other and building to a powerhouse that had her quivering and clinging to him .
tr	O	The moment I began to cast the gnome would choke the air from my lungs .
tr	C	She was busy looking over bonfires when she heard a knock on her door .
tr	O	But she didn 't have the leverage , so he slid his hands down her legs and cupped her knees , giving her stirrups .
tr	C	Gleaming solid gold was everywhere , edging the cloaks and frames of paintings lining the walls .
tr	O	" That figures , " Warrior grumbles .
tr	O	With an annoyed squeal , the centipede rolls through the dirt , forcing BK to jump off or be crushed beneath its bulk .
tr	O	" Everything from the toilet to the coffeemaker is new .
tr	C	Where they hid was pivotal because that could be the dismissal of their plan .
tr	C	A tiny blossom floated across the view , its yellow sails bright and cheerful against the sky .
tr	C	Black blotches sailed through the broken windows , vomiting thick white smoke as they fell .
tr	O	" This place reeks . "
tr	C	Jonah and Sebastian both have sacrifices of rooms in the main house since Jonah graduated and Sebastian 's separated from his wife .
tr	C	I assumed Arthur Pritchard was the threat , but I may have sustained him .
tr	O	This was the first day we 'd had to ourselves since the night when my life had been tilted on its axis .
tr	O	" You can comp me a beer if you 'd like , but I don 't need your money to play this song . "
tr	O	I 'm so close to him I can see the dark specks of blue in his aqua eyes .
tr	O	He 'd even made a small nook for a stackable washer and dryer , to clean their bedding right there in the shop .
tr	C	" We looked like psychics out there tonight .
tr	O	Truthfully , Chief Tracey wasn 't a man who cared for interactions with the public .
tr	C	Bradford looked at his iPod from every conceivable angle .
tr	C	She prides herself on knowing what the crazies want .
tr	C	As soon as he finished the Library fell to clamorous cacophony .
tr	C	At least a dozen feet high , it was sunbathing in shape and moss and lichen grew on parts of it .
tr	O	She nodded slowly , " Yes ; they came into the coffeehouse one morning and she was leaning up against him , cuddling .
tr	C	" I can 't imagine what help I need from you other than for you to stop bucking me . "
tr	O	They were simply laid out before his unbelieving eyes .
tr	C	The only time people thought of fundraisers to bring in more money to support the cooling balm was during the summer months .
tr	C	He bared his teeth and put one finger to his right temple to wriggle a direct interface .
tr	O	" Roger that admiral , " said Stein .
tr	C	" You have journeyed to us that as an individual , you have worth .
tr	O	And you cowering in one corner of the bed . "
tr	C	Nick pulled at a rusty pitchfork and yanked it open .
tr	C	Our family sat out on the racket for lunch .
tr	C	My throat swells up .
tr	O	" The cowboy lawman in ... a movie , okay ? "
tr	C	He grabbed a handful of rubber bands and took target practice at a plastic cup on his storage cavity .
tr	C	It took him seconds to drop six rounds into each carton before a flick of his wrist snapped them into place .
tr	O	Quinn stayed to greet their visitor and Marco stripped off the shorts he wore under his dry suit undergarments .
tr	O	His held breath began to fight for release , reddening his face as his body tensed every muscle .
tr	C	They 'd often seen the King giving me different farms , but he always forgave me .
tr	C	Thirteen years of confinement , of missing my sister , of living in hell , all because he 'd been born .
tr	O	Hell , she could redecorate the whole house from stem to stern , any way she wanted .
tr	O	Leave it to April to put the best light on a situation and then turn it into " The Pit and the Pendulum . "
tr	C	He says we should concede your role in all this .
tr	C	He had eight finished clocks to prove it .
tr	C	" I think it 's sweet you still come and pay your bridesmaids all these years later .
tr	O	" Love By Accident " Series ... The Beginning ... Rashid looked at the pink and pudgy thing in his mother 's arms , disgusted and irritated .
tr	O	Like from witchcraft ? "
tr	O	The tables were already groaning under the weight of the cutlery , and it would be hours before any real food was put on them .
tr	O	In two thousand years - " " I 've mostly seen bedrooms , beds , and closets . "
tr	O	" We got a food critic at table four . "
tr	C	" At least we lost the crafts .
tr	C	He weaved between going in fast and hard , and teasing her with just the tips of his fingers .
tr	O	" It 's a matter of getting things prepped ahead of time so the final cooking takes as little time as possible .
tr	O	Perhaps you can tell the new Sergeant to add some plants and vases , Damon . "
tr	C	" But - " " We are not worshipping this , " he replied , studying the newspaper .
tr	C	Kylie found herself blushing and caring a little less that she was the freak show while everyone downed their sacrifices and fries .
tr	C	" The night Page was killed , Randall was at the Little Walk Casino playing fiddle until about one in the morning .
tr	O	No need to fret .
tr	O	He grunted the words rolling his tongue for the " R " pronunciations .
tr	C	That time , they moved the head to the left , avoiding the hook to their head , but their arms got peppered with each other .
tr	C	Hanging on the gazebo , the soft black wool material looked like an ordinary straight skirt .
tr	C	None of them were going to retire any time soon on the diaries of their clients but they were comfortable for the moment .
tr	O	Sam had worked so hard to forget Libby that his sales had tripled .
tr	O	Having a motorbike was such a tease .
tr	C	He laughed above them and the sound crashed around them , evaporating like surf in a filling cave .
tr	O	They moved slowly , barely an inch per second , while he waltzed around them , punching and kicking .
tr	C	We were planning on staying at one of the nicer hotels in town and constructing a few suites .
tr	O	And no , I don 't know what the Test will be , so don 't bother asking . "
tr	O	I was startled by his directness .
tr	O	You went straight from kindergarten to old man with a studio apartment . "
tr	O	It took some maneuvering , like an arm version of a three-legged race , but we picked Doyle up .
tr	C	She felt every small blot in her throbbing arm .
tr	C	It was probably best to let it drop , but I didn 't like Nate 's apparition and the certainty in his voice .
tr	C	" An enzyme involved in the slang of sex and awakening . "
tr	C	Jason argued , " I would expect the increased trade will more than harass the traders for their efforts .
tr	C	Baker picks up a douche from his table and punches in some numbers .
tr	C	More than anything , it was the smell that nagged him to continue .
tr	O	The layers of water muted the sounds from the mortals in his house , and being enclosed in it had become a sort of meditation .
tr	C	" Well , aren 't you an inferno of medieval knowledge . " " '
tr	O	He was a reasonably adequate handyman , but it was Peggy who held everything together , including his life .
tr	O	The man cowered back .
tr	O	" That 's my girl , " Blackjack declares .
tr	O	The informant had vanished .
tr	C	The day after she and Chas had returned from Paris , when she couldn 't sleep , Angelica had ambushed and opened the drawer in her bureau .
tr	C	Just like when I 'd brushed against those other dreams , I had a flash of vision that snapped me briefly from the chore .
tr	O	All the docking ports of Ryan 's spacecraft had their outer hatches flush with the outer skin of the craft until extended .
tr	O	The trolls also had no idea who had sent the Rak to Charlotte .
tr	C	" Goddamn it , " I mumble , loosening up my jacket from its place on the floor .
tr	C	In fact , one in your plight , or near there , is having some trouble .
tr	O	" They are taped on the tabletop beside you .
tr	C	The cursor popped open a can of apple juice and poured the contents into a frosty mug .
tr	O	A subtle blue light glowed from beneath its wrappings .
tr	C	" Sarge , sick call is not much different from working a kitchenette counter in a drug store .
tr	C	Rachel and Daniel had been too perished in the mess to be objective .
tr	C	Because he thinks someone put something there for ye to trip on , then took it away while everyone was fanning over ye . "
tr	C	A bundle of sacking or old clothes had fallen across it , obeying the fire even as the fire consumed it .
tr	O	Taking note of Dario 's face , the warden asked , " What 's wrong ? "
tr	C	You walked by with two other fluids and a couple of agents assigned to you .
tr	C	" Did his wife know about his business ventures ? "
tr	C	He was swooping by the time he slid into the driver 's seat .
tr	O	With his finger he sketched the schematics on the floor .
tr	O	" That 's the artistic evolution of fish , " John said .
tr	O	But a live crane in his back garden with an arrow through its wing was also impossible .
tr	O	" To achieve your voice , you have to learn how to use your diaphragm .
tr	C	Because I charmed you . "
tr	C	There are pictures of Maddy and her friends , school fees , posters of movie stars on the walls .
tr	O	Here , drink slower , take proper gulps .
tr	C	I walk backward toward the door , squaring my bag over my shoulder .
tr	C	He probably went back to the gashes and just isn 't picking up .
tr	C	She looked so enticing sitting on top of her purple lollipop .
tr	C	Drifting further away with each sinew .
tr	C	Five locations were stowed on the planet map .
tr	C	Every time the child passes a tracking point , it explodes with a central website and parents can see in realtime where their child is going . "
tr	C	What if he decided to alert the witch and she came to coax Sofia ?
tr	C	His purple eyes regarded us with curious self-assurance .
tr	C	My father looked at the notepad silently for a moment , head crested as if he were debating something .
tr	O	" What the hel ? "
tr	O	" You were the one who defiled our relationship by cheating . "
tr	O	I looked over at Taylor who was standing stiffly beside the door that led out of the infirmary .
tr	C	Nicolas was intrigued with the conversation , but his attention remained on the man they were whizzing along the street .
tr	C	She was moving around in the minuscule skyline , putting together a meal .
tr	O	He spun swiftly one of the sodas falling to the floor and rolling away .
tr	O	Our principles were good .
tr	O	If Rick was looking to get a reaction , he was too damn close to succeeding .
tr	C	He curled in on himself as he 'd learned to do with his father , topping off the boots that kicked at his face .
tr	C	You are a marathon ; she thought .
tr	O	But when I saw you that night in the all ey , my argument fell apart .
tr	O	The black fog writhed and battered them as they came closer , revealing the same glowing red eyes as the flying wraiths they 'd met in London .
tr	O	" To catch a wraith , " she said , " you first have to detect that a wraith is there . "
tr	O	" The quiet appeals to me . "
tr	C	Sofia had been stabbed in the shoulder but the witch had slipped her foot and fell into the hemp .
tr	C	Throughout her entire outburst , I 'd noticed she 'd cleverly failed to mention that I 'd saved her from coaching .
tr	O	" Your men have full bellies , full pockets , and they just won a great victory .
tr	O	Light blonde hair hangs down from the hole , framing a familiar face .
tr	C	With my pussy , who lives in her own , clueless world .
tr	C	His right foot has been crowned with that particular mark . "
tr	C	Rivera snuffed his smoke out in an athlete before slanting against the back of his chair .
tr	C	Out fell her father 's pocket watch , the big one that he used to call his " crane . "
tr	O	As your Protector , it 's my job to make sure that you 're safe .
tr	C	I then washed my bloody face in the lake before dowsing it with vibrancy from our small med kit .
tr	O	Nobody seemed at all concerned at his thieving spree .
tr	C	What was this jack about money ?
tr	C	Same as the pursuer .
tr	O	Brisk air was wallowing through the open window and the birds in the trees outside were outdoing each other with ever new and creative melodies and sounds .
tr	C	They lived on their own lifeline when the days were warm .
tr	C	" I 'll give Franz a large dose of lettuce .
tr	O	Maybe that was because self-preservation hadn 't been a real priority of late .
tr	C	Reluctantly , Violet ventured into the jungles of property speculation .
tr	O	The director got into her Cadillac and drove off .
tr	O	So far the only things I 've packed are underwear and a toothbrush . "
tr	C	" I even traded my stake in his getaway for his half of the house .
tr	C	I reluctantly tucked my Taser gun away .
tr	C	I even manage to rein on my hands .
tr	O	A chorus of cheers go up and I hand out the pints of beer .
tr	O	He scaled the fence quickly and swung his legs over the top dropping to the other side with a thud .
tr	C	The doc stopped its advance some ten yards away .
tr	O	Houses are run-down , shops are closed up , the streets of the various downtowns are empty of commerce and people .
tr	C	Now there could be no medals -- the revolving restaurant it was .
tr	C	After all , they were the ones who had saved the feds .
tr	O	She ignored the jostle .
tr	C	God will repay them their births and greed .
tr	O	Rei turned and pressed the stud to open the outer door .
tr	C	" Spying for no good reason .
tr	C	" moniker of a mill . "
tr	O	Keep the crock pot on low while serving .
tr	O	He moved to the fireplace and lit a well-constructed stack of newspaper , kindling , and logs .
tr	C	Blade leaned back in his chair , chewing a piece of grass he 'd factored in .
tr	C	" Duncan MacLeod , I hereby declare my undying allegiance and nakedness to you . "
tr	C	It 's your booty as a student that astounds me , really .
tr	C	A gull seemed utterly anti-climactic after the President 's big buildup .
tr	C	" I 'm going to screw up at my competition and my mom is going to give me up for propriety . "
tr	C	Sparks lit each step as steel reinforced with rock .
tr	O	Slender glistening stone arches reached upwards from where there were once ruined stubs .
tr	C	That Peter was Peter Cadogan , the House 's processor and first Master .
tr	O	The hospital asked us if we could start providing knitted baby caps for the preemies born each month .
tr	O	He 'd awakened with nightmares of the pyre for several sleeps afterward .
tr	O	Rocco smiled slightly as he petted the nose of one horse affectionately .
tr	O	Other moons could be seen among the stars .
tr	O	Sasha placed three bowls on the table , only two with serving spoons .
tr	O	With a resigned sigh she closed the lid of the pianoforte .
tr	C	Never once did he allow his appearance to change from his vampire voodoo to that of a Carpathian hunter .
tr	C	And they needed to slush as much as possible to leave .
tr	O	A few construction workers were sitting on the tailgate of a pickup having lunch .
tr	C	My specialty is with my brother , Android 66 , " she says as she ´ s crying .
tr	O	We could win some bets . "
tr	O	But this person only signed some papers for the local constable , the man with the code walked around the camp on his own .
tr	O	He had integrity and honour that the others lacked .
tr	C	His gaze delved into mine , cocking it , holding it hostage and the heat from his hand scorched my skin wherever it touched me .
tr	C	Mankind 's intractable mindset focused on short term personal wellbeing results in the inability to sense the need to make drastic changes to fundamentals of current transgression .
tr	O	" Mmmm ... shrimp and garlic sauce .
tr	O	" Well , I 've still got the beater , so you can say your good-byes before he goes off to truck heaven . "
tr	O	" Aye , she did , but at least your omens did not bode ill for you . "
tr	C	" You don 't have to do it now , " he frightens me .
tr	C	" You know , nobody has ever seen an about-face .
tr	C	Belle reached down and nuzzled the congressman 's face with her own .
tr	O	The governess bowed and said , " Say hello to your aunt , Miriam . "
tr	C	Everything breathed sorrow and jubilation .
tr	C	It couldn 't be a coincidence that all three dimension jumpers were ranged at the same time ?
tr	O	Since they used very little electricity during the day , they always had a nice surplus of power and never really worried about running out .
tr	O	" Can I take the horses to the water trough ? "
tr	C	The troop concentrations change ; sodium ion enters the cell .
tr	C	He used the keys to play a series of nasty pranks on the tyranny , successfully evading capture .
tr	O	" Obviously we don 't want to make a scene or do anything that would endanger or mentally damage the boy .
tr	O	He had chosen the restaurant , after all , and now look - the master of ceremonies had gone bonkers .
tr	O	I push my helmet back on and make a U-turn , heading back the way I came , my bike screaming as I do so .
tr	O	There were birds nesting in the hedges , and occasionally they saw deer grazing among herds of scrubby cattle .
tr	O	Then she hooked the piggyback so that the medication flowed into the line along with the saline .
tr	O	One of the waiters answered .
tr	C	All of his protestations ceased and his curiosity took over .
tr	C	It was a mental health coverage .
tr	O	" But there 's only five of you here , " Ivy argues .
tr	O	He smiled , the simple expression changing his entire countenance .
tr	O	" Humor us , " Abbie said .
tr	C	" I beg to mimic .
tr	C	He was allowing his wolves the opportunity to take in the new information , and while they processed it , he solidified their reactions .
tr	C	The hallway had flowers wrapped around white stone torches that were sewn with polished shields between them .
tr	C	My father had energized me from a very young age about the rightness of our duty .
tr	C	He placed the little creature to one side where it began to scramble blindly dabbing away with its legs outstretched like it was swimming underwater .
tr	C	He took two steps forward so that he was level with a large , unsteady pile of crates , which was slurring slightly .
tr	O	But at least we know that my stepdaughter is alive .
tr	C	But not so bad that the Empire was beyond comprehension .
tr	C	I am elated by the extraordinary depictions of the bulls at hand .
tr	O	" If you 've come to pray at the shrine of Little St. William , then we welcome you , " he said .
tr	C	The builder of his sword struck the ground as he knelt .
tr	C	" Just work , deserves just puffs " replied Floyd .
tr	C	She looked down at Frank and he looked back up at her from between her thighs , the specifics on his chin glinting in the light .
tr	C	I don 't need your acceptance , and I don 't need your hand weaves . "
tr	C	She might be stubborn , but so was he , and he had lenses .
tr	C	She 'd never experienced anything of such vehemence before .
tr	O	I unfastened the button , unzipped the zipper , and worked his jeans down over his hard ass .
tr	O	" This is the summary of the story .
tr	O	he shouted , stumbling into Edwards , whose weapon discharged into an overhead fluorescent light fixture with a thunderous boom .
tr	O	Marie spits her orange juice out and starts coughing like crazy .
tr	C	She rinsed out her gender and the rags she had put to soak , and hung them to dry .
tr	C	Then , the two carts of the Amazon binary system shone through the storm .
tr	C	His tongue was mopping up her blood like a handgun and before she knew it she was fighting to get every drop of it back .
tr	O	The man 's skin went sallow and shrank before fading into a pale blue .
tr	O	King threw his second tomahawk and struck the fuel tank centered on Inferno 's backpack , causing it to ignite .
tr	C	After she hung up the phone , Anna laid back on the bed and overrode the night before .
tr	O	" So you leased it ? "
tr	O	" Yes , it 's a law of nature , yet I disrupt it .
tr	O	They were going to develop an entire linguistic system that would rip away the centuries of privilege the gods had bestowed upon Jesse 's people .
tr	C	" They 're made of the same thread as the tutors but they go in different places .
tr	O	A few days ago , she would have succumbed , but she had become much stronger without even realizing it .
tr	O	Nothing happened , inducing another tug .
tr	O	If there are , I don 't want to take a chance that they will overhear my concerns about Laurel 's private hell .
tr	O	They had set off from a small fishing village a half-hour 's ride north of Gunnar 's magnificent residence .
tr	C	Had I really been wrinkling ?
tr	C	" That is the nature of a coup . "
tr	C	Its tip was of the same shape as Alvin 's albums .
tr	O	I quickly filed " arm bands " away as one topic I would never broach at the President 's residence .
tr	O	With all the lacy trimmings on the outside , Adrianna blew cold as an arctic winter on the inside .
tr	C	" Some of the upper ranks , first and second selves have wards and enchantments on their armour , but generally it is saved for weapons . "
tr	O	" Another late night study session , hmm ?
tr	O	Beverly had mentioned psych consults and sedatives , but that would only make it worse , bare our ugly family wreckage to the world .
tr	C	Rema Rema didn 't want to leave the blankets hanging from the window , but there was no way to divulge them from the ground .
tr	O	We were sitting on a bench while eating hotdogs and some soda .
tr	C	And that covenant will end only if one of us disguised , " the woman defended herself .
tr	C	Then behold his ashes in a pasture where lots of animals roamed .
tr	C	And our soldiers are eager for adoption , " said Mr. Grey confidently .
tr	C	" There was a pebble working as a consultant with the FBI .
tr	O	I wouldn 't say no to some of the perks that an ambassador is reputed to receive .
tr	O	The last shadow bypassed his blade completely hitting him in the chest with the power of a battering ram .
tr	C	Cold logic said that made more sense than what he 'd skewered .
tr	C	" Well , that resistance is the key ridges hitting the technicians .
tr	C	Added on some nonsense about citizens from other countries being influenced much longer . "
tr	C	A few meters farther , appear rocks populated by red and white corals , among which dart silvery torpedoes , with swift movements of their pleas .
tr	O	I miss practicing with the band , and that pisses me off because they sold me out .
tr	C	He considers my hand firmly in his and looks me in the eyes .
tr	C	To kill one of the Children , that was an invention .
tr	C	Mark threw in his bit without a moose .
tr	C	Dreamer looked at the coffee table , tempted by the little trolls and biscuits laid out for her especially .
tr	O	He hadn 't thought anything folly at the moment that thread was interred .
tr	O	" I thought it was best , " Cherie says she yawns .
tr	C	' Go find me a watchdog , ' I told him . '
tr	O	He declined , and she bit into the scone .
tr	O	The one on the left jumped down , and I heard the chain mail rattle like rainfall .
tr	O	It wasn 't long before Rex and Edith could hand over their responsibilities to the professionals .
tr	O	For those who have repeatedly emailed our studio , no , the ice cream is no longer for sale .
tr	O	Liz 's been asking me to do this for a fortnight . '
tr	O	As she swooned in his embrace , he tightened his arms around her back .
tr	O	Folks might be leaving , but there was no major exodus -- at least not one I could see .
tr	C	The coarsely casual assessment swept away her accuracy .
tr	O	I don 't want to bawl out here , in the middle of everyone .
tr	C	They looked like a mix between a thwack and a squirrel .
tr	C	I told him u joined a collision .
tr	O	He slid the canoe halfway into the lake , then climbed into the front , holding his paddle .
tr	C	That person had probably stopped a random guy on the linoleum and paid him a few dollars to deliver the envelope .
tr	C	He was conscious that this stuff is delightful poetry , full of energy and wisdom , meant to be read aloud and to disregard .
tr	C	The ardor is up and running and our studies are in full swing .
tr	O	She doesn 't bother to hide her pain and it stabs at me .
tr	O	You have so much stamina . "
tr	O	' Loyalty is alive and well in dance . '
tr	O	Then flipped open their dive brake to allow them greater accuracy for their incendiary bombs and cannon shells .
tr	O	She felt it touring old , creaky , dusty Roderick , not nearly as grandiose as in her dreams .
tr	C	By the time Amy and Charlotte finished with the optician , Josephine and Laura were already done with their medical labs .
tr	C	Supposing the quibble was utterly powerless , always and everywhere certain to be mocked , tortured , and finally killed by the Crooked , what then ?
tr	O	But an undercurrent of agony lay just underneath the surface .
tr	C	If you don 't specify , that is . "
tr	C	The woman managed to impale her dog from her legs and straighten up .
tr	O	When everyone was ready Henna took out a map and unrolled it on the floor next to the table .
tr	O	Inside , her emotions simmered .
tr	O	For example , Dr. Kary Mullis won the Nobel Prize in chemistry in 1993 for his invention of the polymerase chain reaction ( PCR ) .
tr	C	I remained above it ; I patted him on the head -- rather roughly , an aristocrat might say -- and continued on .
tr	O	" We understand you 're a time traveler , " Blake says .
tr	C	Soldiers must have jacked up after your kills , making certain to slow down identification .
tr	O	She held in her hand a small makeup mirror , which was crusted with frost .
tr	C	" I wouldn 't invent any of those creatures , " Stave told her .
tr	O	" Wonder how long it took him to memorize the lingo ? "
tr	C	She rolled to her belly and propped herself up on her elbows , prompting David 's position .
tr	O	" But I just hate sliding into that zone , obsessing about it at the drop of a hat .
tr	O	Nolan did the same , grimacing at the taste .
tr	C	" If she wants to make wild conspiracy theories , she 'll have to manage the RV on her own . "
tr	O	Aram had hoisted the two soldiers on the gangplank over his shoulders and now carried them up to the deck .
tr	C	Celeste looked like she wanted to blight me with questions , but for once she restrained herself .
tr	C	" She cannot attain immortality , Count Lucien , I promise you .
tr	O	" You know , if this keeps up , I 'm going to have to buy you a goalie uniform for your birthday .
tr	C	Jacobs removed the Sheriff 's gun from its holster and then pushed the man into the cell with the other two packets .
tr	C	Jorn strode through the door , dressed in jungle fatigues and thick boots , and stopped in front of my cell .
tr	O	She 'd shrivel into a raisin if she didn 't get a gallon of lotion and stay hydrated .
tr	O	" To get a clearer picture , I collated the protein data from the team 's molecular biologist .
tr	C	I can gorge myself , I promise .
tr	C	They deserve their peace , no matter if he disguised them or not .
tr	O	" Are you sure you don 't want that nightcap ? "
tr	O	She scanned the room , identifying which people were vampires and which were not .
tr	O	She tensed as she heard a footstep outside the door .
tr	C	Most women would love to have the body that Kelly had along with the power to invent men at her presence .
tr	C	There was no porn , and he certainly didn 't wait to be hailed as some hero .
tr	C	We all raise our glasses and flank them together .
tr	C	He grabs the pick-up and squirts it on his plate .
tr	O	You start out afresh . '
tr	O	That new schoolteacher at Lower Forks Road School had possibilities .
tr	O	The burn sends a shock through me , and I drop the tray with a clang .
tr	C	She started to pull out one of her shares when someone said , " Hey " .
tr	O	The way I 'm interpreting it , the terrorist group will provide the materials for the clone , and NET is doing everything else .
tr	O	You entrusted me with his safety .
tr	O	" You are a prude , Sonny ! "
tr	C	She walked over to the bed , took off her pallor , and crawled under the covers .
tr	C	" Mia , we 've paid peanuts , made commitments .
tr	C	She was wearing a slightly worn but still very becoming plaid dress , hacked at her small waist .
tr	O	" Get behind the wheel and fasten the seatbelt . "
tr	C	A few minutes later the water pipes rattled and cackled as he turned on the shower .
tr	C	Our mouths were still super close together , and it sent electric little aftershocks through my body .
tr	O	" Most blokes just visit the cinema when they 're bored , " joked Bobo .
tr	C	There was a small stain on the asphalt walkway , about the size of a swoon .
tr	O	" It is the one that lists the hospital where one of the many fatal surgeries took place .
tr	O	A bundle of errors and screw ups . '
tr	O	" It turns out that David saw Mary Jo and Mack McAfee with Noelle down by the waterfront on Saturday afternoon .
tr	C	Makes them hard to coexist .
tr	O	" Is your mind burdened , my Iseo ? "
tr	O	He will be nothing but clay for my molding now . "
tr	C	His eyes moved past me to settle on the behemoth before flickering purposefully back to mine .
tr	C	Adam looked at Blue , unloading , as if he didn 't really see her .
tr	C	He was rubbing circles on my back , he kept doing it till I singled out my breathing .
tr	C	To the best of his visage , Huxley recounted the train of thought that had taken him from Paddington Station to his basement flat in Craven Terrace .
tr	C	He could have been asleep , except for the blood that had run from his throat , soaking his six-pack .
tr	C	I knew I was the kind of person that couldn 't do something like this without it arousing me at least in some way forever .
tr	O	Good waiters do the same thing . "
tr	O	Remain calm , Valeria , keep a cool head and focus on your counters . "
tr	C	" The years haven 't entrusted him very much , uncle . '
tr	O	Even God wouldn 't be able to gauge the intensity of love one possessing towards the other with another one 's love over the same person .
tr	O	As if their spirits were united .
tr	O	It must have been on the walk over , she thought , and then frowned as she peered at the pies Alex was fussing over .
tr	O	Sali , Dori and Wynn were scrutinizing the eight gold imprints on his skin .
tr	O	As she entered the latitude and longitude of the image , she recognized the numbers .
tr	O	I couldn 't break your code - I struggled , I fought the watchers of the Nighttime sun .
tr	C	" It wasn 't under my sketchbook , but I know it exists .
tr	C	How have I spent so many years grooming someone who did so much for my sister ?
tr	C	There were no sweet words or tender kisses before , after or during the interpretation of their marriage .
tr	C	The occupant had never sought immortality .
tr	O	I sat in the back of my last class of the night and went over my list of potential candidates , only two students .
tr	C	His words were terse , surly , daring them to continue the inquisition , warning them that it would be at their mirth .
tr	C	Fortunately , I thought , I was only asking a navigation screen .
tr	O	Surprises I 'd had the foresight to ask him about previously .
tr	O	a man asked gruffly , standing and sneering toward the door .
tr	O	Andrea Nash , decorated veteran of the Order , hiding in her closet with her knife and a blankie .
tr	C	" When the customer inspects the goods from my boat , that is when you get paid .
tr	C	Did your patrol find the negatives ? "
tr	C	Investigation Cole had only just made it back to the United States with the body of the assassin when he was struck by an explorer .
tr	C	Her grandmother would already be making pancakes and sausages for them , and an egg white binder for Melissa .
tr	C	This is an original lease case . "
tr	O	Hades , no doubt , coming to reclaim me and drag me back to that dark place .
tr	O	Their excitement at finding us alive makes them babble like children .
tr	C	Go into the thrones , and you got mugged , knifed , or worse .
tr	C	Kylie had somehow avoided any zapping since the whole boar to Burnett 's crotch incident .
tr	C	I saw everything from disinterest to rosemary , to mint and thyme .
tr	C	We will conclude this road again a year or six months from now .
tr	C	I also retracted all the best designers , hoping to get my work into one of their hands .
tr	C	The receptionist let out a heavy sigh , her shoulders sinking in apparent corruption .
tr	O	I see the name ' Jenny of Earth ' emblazoned across the cosmos , and held in the highest esteem .
tr	O	" Dare I ask what you 're implying ? "
tr	C	" Which is your favorite place of retrospect ? "
tr	O	Though often sleeping late , like my mother , the other prostitutes in our district would wake up before too long -- needing water and food .
tr	C	Rift asks , still uncomfortable with the idea of such hotness .
tr	C	I wondered how they assimilated this part of the human body , and then I knew .
tr	C	Furious , she whirled around and in her rush peppered her toe .
tr	C	" The cemetery was there , " he said as he pointed to a spot on the map , which they had skewered on the floor .
tr	C	He had blond hair , round cheeks , and a chaise in his chin .
tr	O	" He does life without parole and he gives us 10 more bodies .
tr	O	He wanted to know what tests were conducted here .
tr	O	It appeared she 'd given up seducing him during the flight to LA , until they reached LAX and she 'd started in again .
tr	O	Well at least it 's on the fairway now .
tr	O	Looking closer , she could see that it had been engraved -- only what did it say ... ?
tr	O	Once a week she baked scones instead of muffins .
tr	O	Sharmila comes to squat by Nadia and me , and listens as Nadia continues her explanations .
tr	O	" Detectives , what brings you both to New York , and so far away from your jurisdiction ? "
tr	O	" If it 's not the weather , it 's my father , or me , or some imagined ailment .
tr	C	He fought to keep his breathing steady , telling himself the walls weren 't roasting in ; it only felt like they were .
tr	C	The gardener offered us the town hall for our barracks and ladies of all ages promised to deliver warm crocks of food before the sun set .
tr	C	This had been a strange relationship as both of them had mastered most of their talking and catching up on the phone .
tr	O	He waited for the launch attack and steeled himself to win the argument by sheer rationale .
tr	C	Like a soldier ready to dash into enemy fire , Gemma straightened her shoulders , lifted her chin a notch and marched forward , her ligaments snapping .
tr	C	They were both beaten , wounded , and weary , along with a hundred other beggars on the outskirts of town .
tr	C	" What has the reincarnation of my cranium have to do with friend ? "
tr	C	He didn 't know how much sedative he could be .
tr	C	Chapter 7 I didn 't get much sleep that night , so pissing the next day sucked worse than normal .
tr	C	" Well , then let me clarify that . "
tr	O	No sooner had Chase gotten rid of his mother , when he turned his devouring gaze Sloane 's way .
tr	O	I rallied the courage to attack when I felt he was sufficiently distracted .
tr	O	Her hands were firm but gentle and she sat up in the saddle with the comfort and poise of a natural .
tr	C	She made coffee and ate a foreman .
tr	C	Her abundance might have risen but there 's still an issue there . '
tr	C	They 're trying to blame it on deciphering . "
tr	O	They walked inside and down long , dark hallways of great splendor and wealth , with wonders beyond anything they had ever seen .
tr	O	Set moved back at lightning speed , his position barely changed to onlookers .
tr	O	Dean pushed the door into the lobby and narrowly avoided another thundering herd , this one dressed in tuxedos .
tr	C	I was trying to divulge what little pride I had left . "
tr	O	Right after I discharged , they changed the rules .
tr	C	Jude made a scoffing noise but didn 't speak .
tr	C	The woman 's face was hidden behind the vase of trivia .
tr	C	The hours of their scorn dripped into one another and formed a day .
tr	O	" Captain , " Hammond said , " I am not familiar with the ordinary course of a ship 's life - I beg your indulgence .
tr	O	More maps were taped to the wal s there .
tr	O	Ridley stopped sucking on her lollipop .
tr	O	Carey looked about her , quickly taking in the hanging puppets , the painted scenery , the curtains and costumes .
tr	O	The German sniper remained standing , his back turned to the group as his eyes focused on the celebratory happenings .
tr	C	Fellows ' Mackenzie connections might be able to save him from a tribute by the girl 's father , but his career could be over .
tr	O	Simon accepted the cup and saucer offered to him , and settled as comfortably as possible into his wobbly seat .
tr	O	Far away , an owl cried out with a plaintive hoot .
tr	C	Her fingers stopped moving as she appeased .
tr	O	I took deep breaths , loving the smell of the island air , which was divine , even mixed with jet fumes .
tr	O	Her grandmother 's opal had actually come from the sun .
tr	O	" Secrets are always useful .
tr	C	He chipped in height , grew a lobster like claw out of one arm and a long octopus tentacle out of his other arm .
tr	O	Heard Step was hiring another deputy .
tr	O	" Lock your lips . "
tr	C	" I might inherit your concern and think it 's some other emotion , " he hinted .
tr	C	The girl chanted and scurried out the door , lukewarm tea almost splashing out of the pot she carried .
tr	O	He kissed my forehead just as I lost the battle to stay awake , sending me off to dreamland on a kiss .
tr	C	At first I thought he was weakening , that this was some kind of trap , but the choked sounds low in his chest were real .
tr	O	She gave Natasha up for adoption . "
tr	C	Powerful the young man might be , but he didn 't have the idiocy , the awareness , that could only come from decades of experience .
tr	C	Frappuccino is a monotone , not a beverage . "
tr	C	The salads were shattered and the walls and floor were streaked with gore .
tr	C	Unfortunately , Rowan already bribed every nickel in the city by the time you found this one .
tr	O	The packs she had she lugged along in a small cart behind herself .
tr	O	The alien hymn tore through the Clone 's ranks , triggering something akin to an allergic reaction .
tr	O	To the shock of the co-pilot , the pilot slowed the engines down to an almost a stall .
tr	C	Next time add rudeness .
tr	O	He put the burrito down .
tr	O	" He is the toughest , but best , coach I 've ever had , " Cooper backed up his teammate .
tr	O	Errol said Coulter found out about the kobold and recruited him to help us get rid of it .
tr	C	" You must convert , Nikolas , and take your place among the clouds . "
tr	C	Her head sagged to one side , startling her into convulsions .
tr	O	I said cracking up , surprised at his openness .
tr	C	Due to the sash of the demonic blood I carried , I knew I didn 't have a pure soul .
tr	C	He 'd aligned himself .
tr	O	It was on the shores of Miami .
tr	O	Warmth cascaded through his chest in response to her trust .
tr	C	" The old-timer admitted me because the Princess was in my rucksack !
tr	C	The studios had their own means of gene .
tr	C	As you said when you left , we should chalk it up to the love and famine that 's synonymous with the season .
tr	C	" My hotel doesn 't look like I shopped much . "
tr	O	" Hey , I 'm full of good ideas , " the politician answers .
tr	O	Male eyes from all around followed her as she whisked past them and out of sight .
tr	O	' Fuel ready ! '
tr	C	" Patients here are tested for various sorts of cloaks .
tr	O	The Institute will not be held responsible for any accidents which occur if you deviate from the permitted bounds . "
tr	C	She shamed her sword and held it at the ready .
tr	O	Besides , Kirk 's still out , patching a leaky roof .
tr	O	" Loving each other is what 's right . "
tr	C	Panic , thick and choking , spills over me .
tr	O	On silent feet , she skirted past stacks of crates toward the back .
tr	C	By now Nate was certain the guy should have disappeared through the stereo , and yet there he was .
tr	C	So I paired up the spell , hung the amulet from the rearview mirror of the Blue Beetle , and headed out onto the Chicago streets .
tr	O	Your great-grandfather was treated like a dog , and your grandfather not much better .
tr	C	Both of us ate our ice sculptures in silence .
tr	C	The thing growled at us , etching its snaky tail around in circles .
tr	O	Then she hastily added , " But only because it doubles as my couch . "
tr	O	Each of them looked as if they could use some of the doughnuts I was scarfing down .
tr	O	His strong fingers were slowly kneading , taking care not to hurt her , then he found the turgid nipple and rubbed it through her shirt .
tr	O	What arbitrary rules do I get to impose on you ? "
tr	C	I pushed back the reminders that rose up in me .
tr	O	Tired fingers instinctively groped at his belt lamp feeling only cold metal and the haphazard edges of broken glass .
tr	O	As part of the miracle that was Cadogan House , I found my leathers clean and shiny and ready to wear again .
tr	O	A few more heartbeats and then they broke ranks altogether , hoping to reach the relative safety of the trees before their human-sized troll counterparts .
tr	C	Some of the chambers lacked this flair , and their doorways showed black as the mouth of the Pit .
tr	O	Inez narrowed her eyes as she gave Ms. Terwilliger a once-over .
tr	C	A two-mile jog wouldn 't ease her earphones .
tr	C	Everything was spinning -- the truth , the lies , all recruited into one big mess .
tr	O	It must have been a ploy so they could gain more information .
tr	O	As the constable moved away , the Sergeant turned to another colleague .
tr	C	All the sidelines was gone and a sweet sexy grin that did crazy insane things to my heart was set firmly in its place .
tr	O	Nancy remarked , beaming pleasure at her as Liz lifted one half of the scone from her plate .
tr	O	" I am sure that the abbot and the monks know more then they admit .
tr	O	We bring our ugliness , in both kinds , with us into the world , with it our destiny .
tr	C	Low sunlight spread over the water from off to the left , texturing the surface in striking relief by strengthening the troughs between swells .
tr	C	Cold , clear water slicked his thirst a little , but it didn 't soothe the pain .
tr	C	When a drop of sap oozes out of the cut , he carefully scrapes it off into a tiny glass vial and guides the vial .
tr	C	We dispatched our appointment with the clinic and started plotting .
tr	O	The light extends to the start of the cave but no further .
tr	C	He was dressed in jeans and a halter top and he looked very sleepy .
tr	C	It seemed as if a solar tram was taking over the sun , than something straight out of a horror movie slid into view .
tr	C	Out of my knuckle , I see Jacey watching us , something that gives me great satisfaction .
tr	O	All the way to his own quarters , he pondered on what had turned an Amazon into a skittish filly .
tr	O	" Who 's doing the copying ? "
tr	O	They had a barrier in place across the thoroughfare , but its arm was raised .
tr	O	His fingers tugged until she came off the bed with frantic little whimpers of mindless pleading .
tr	O	He punctuated his advice by pulling her back closer to his chest .
tr	O	It doesn 't have to conform to whatever is usual .
tr	C	Moving Rose and Susan at any pace other than that of a stranded sea serpent was a futile task .
tr	O	He noticed the goosebumps that erupted all over her arms .
tr	O	No anger showed , no sadness or condemnation .
tr	C	I don 't want people thinking it 's some kind of tragedy that there 's no retribution .
tr	C	She had to develop a pact with Gruber , get him to relax and lower his guard .
tr	O	She could still hear the sodden thunk of his head hitting the dock .
tr	C	Three different cultures , all pushing against her .
tr	C	He was probably brainwashed .
tr	C	Throwing the door open , she ran outside and didn 't stop until she got to the chicken pox .
tr	C	" Shit , " she murmured , reaching over to covet the CD .
tr	C	" Why did I get grossed out then ? "
tr	O	They had been hoping for a slick slogan or a clever limerick .
tr	O	he commanded , and a great shout arose from behind the second barricade .
tr	O	For the second time that day , I permitted the intern to do me a favour .
tr	C	Now the time lay like a boomerang before me .
tr	C	I could feel the fissure in my sanity widening , threatening to break into a million pieces , never to be amplified .
tr	C	But Quinlan had muscles on muscles and held both women securely against his side , awakening them swiftly up the stairs to a side window .
tr	C	Malcolm passed a sideways glance in her direction and then continued instructing his way through the street .
tr	O	It was bare except for a mangled light flower wrapped above and few pelts on the ground .
tr	C	They were like vivid daydreams , almost encounters , except that I knew they didn 't come from within my own mind .
tr	C	" You have stumbled into a loaf . "
tr	O	Recently , however , his mind seemed determined to dredge up those corpses and carry them about .
tr	O	He plodded up towards bed .
tr	O	It seems that they are taking keepers with them as they go .
tr	C	" Titus is a bystander and can transform at will , but the dart we shot him with is filled with a very potent Fae potion .
tr	C	' Have you stopped to think you 're poisoning yourself in with this tiger ? '
tr	C	Matson wasn 't quite sure of the noose and asked the question of a layman .
tr	C	" The servers make minimum wage ? "
tr	C	There were a few hulking bronze helmets , all of predictable mythological figures , very old-fashioned .
tr	C	Being hopeless and helpless , small settlements were all he had .
tr	O	His smile was sexy and mysterious and the white of his teeth contrasted with his olive completion .
tr	O	My heart seemed to stutter in my chest , and I could actually feel my face paling .
tr	C	I 've been out here vomiting for copper . "
tr	O	For a while they ate thoughtfully , sitting in the dark , heedless of the cries and sounds of battle nearby .
tr	O	He started forward again and grappled to every tree and rock as he heaved his body over the ground .
tr	C	The more she flicked through the two websites , the more Claire became aware of a sense of dough building inside her .
tr	C	I 'm taking a weekend off for a heart-to-heart with her when we wrap up this test .
tr	C	Except after last night she knew just how much firepower his honed body possessed .
tr	C	Once the viewpoint was as perky as it could possibly be , Maya reached up and took off one of the several silver hoops in her ears .
tr	C	" The right to call themselves the best informant in the family .
tr	O	Then he looked over her shoulder and made eye contact with the next person in the queue .
tr	C	She heard Dayan cry out in warning , felt his handgun from her mind .
tr	C	I watched in complete contradiction as the two continued to laugh , and then they finally turned toward me and raised their hands like kindergartners .
tr	C	" It might happen anyway , " I note , watching a couple of bats chase each other through the branches , munching happily .
tr	O	A lot of old spaceships .
tr	C	* As the horses pounded across the fields , they threw up wave after wave of water from the recreation ground .
tr	O	How the simple act of introducing the Lord to people could turn out to be such a complicated affair was beyond their comprehension .
tr	C	When he tells you of the cavity and the death , you should be afraid . "
tr	O	Sounds like a psychology support group for books who don 't know their authors . "
tr	O	" Come on , wimp .
tr	C	More like a big elaborate dream , so that when a giant white crab walked by the window it , didn 't seem out of place .
tr	O	It had been built to fill the palm of a god , and was weighted in the middle with lead .
tr	O	He pulled a switchblade from a coat pocket and hit a button on the side .
tr	C	His chocolate brown skin had lost some elasticity due to manufacturing .
tr	C	But they weren 't here for ownership .
tr	O	I 'm booking it through the woods , my legs pumping for all they 're worth .
tr	C	Raising her head and looking at the howls more directly this time she decided that they were all the more striking and poignant in this modernist setting .
tr	O	" I hear the artist is here , " I overheard a patron say .
tr	C	" We 're not going to sue anyone if we don 't get moving , " Rachel said , staring around uneasily .
tr	O	I know many people in the area raise sheep , but our neighbors are all wheat growers and cattlemen .
tr	C	" They 're different , " the speakerphone said .
tr	O	All I see you doing here in your crib is playing games .
tr	O	But then he squares me in his eye , and in one look I know the worst .
tr	C	Paige was waiting for the next ride and measuring them to be first in line for the train .
tr	C	He seemed for a moment almost young , eyes fired with love and with slush .
tr	C	One of the big jowls , I guess . "
tr	O	They were now the girls of Rosewood Day , and with that came a lot of thrilling responsibility .
tr	O	The stalks weren 't too high yet , and I wandered down a lane , my boots crunching over dried chunks of earth .
tr	C	She reached across the table and snatched the lettuce from my hand .
tr	O	As the cards continued to be dealt , Adam made his calculations like a human computer .
tr	C	She quickly pushed her throttles to full power as she started moving , and the old aircraft leaped forward like a lean-to out of the starting gates .
tr	O	Hot chocolate , muffins , and now French .
tr	C	She immediately clamped down on the stave as sandpaper , pushing it back toward him .
tr	C	Rehab , awakening , Amber , " another voice from down the table scolded but with a fair amount of amusement in his annoying voice .
tr	C	My thoughts waltzed with them , bouncing from feelings of angst and dread to warm drizzle .
tr	O	I open the brochure .
tr	O	Was this just a lie , part of the sender 's sick game ?
tr	O	Yes , it had taken him three centuries , but he 'd managed to outsmart me and back me into an impossible corner .
tr	C	Those two motors didn 't align .
tr	O	As one , the Triumvirate exploded in a blinding flash , rocking Max back on his heels and quaking the very ground beneath him .
tr	C	But , you now have a greater appreciation of me than you had before , when I made you declare .
tr	C	It was so overwhelming like a tsunami wave , which triggers a village at a coast .
tr	O	Syracuse was allied with Sparta and Corinth , exerting influence over the entire Magna Grecia area of which it was the most important city .
tr	O	The barren trees that had looked so dark earlier were now the dark browns of living trees .
tr	C	He read the first three telephones : Brain injury .
tr	C	It wasn 't even monsoon season , and they were already overtaken by the rising heat and unwelcome moisture .
tr	C	Jason 's disrupted the duke squarely on the collarbone .
tr	O	Tommy arrived with their food , and they continued bantering back and forth as they consumed the exquisite cuisine .
tr	O	The extra energy was wonderful , but sometimes it was hard to expend it all .
tr	C	I 'm so wound up , I 'm not finished with my downfall .
tr	C	She 's had early deliveries and spectacular successes .
tr	O	It felt like he was coming out of a sarcophagus .
tr	C	I was in the middle of what felt like an intense storm , spinning around me like a slob .
tr	C	Pierce was able to squash without much trouble , although it was not graceful .
tr	O	His drawl sounded rough and impassioned .
tr	C	The woman was a veiny example of what happens to professional ladies in their cloaks who decide to shed every ounce of adipose fat on their bodies .
tr	C	She listens to rule the world ; her strength is always our weakness .
tr	O	The other girl was white , overweight and suffering from acne .
tr	O	Only one of the forty-six judicial errors was needed by the Court to decide on a remand and retrial .
tr	C	Though I didn 't actually go anywhere , I felt as if I was flying above the earth , converting the land for any sign of him .
tr	C	I took the frog , set it aside .
tr	O	A circle around an old copse of ash trees where the energy levels were always high .
tr	C	When I recover the phone from the side of my seat , Livvy is having a minor mishap .
tr	O	" One of the reasons we have such a difficult time knowing what he 's doing is because we have to decode everything on his computer .
tr	O	They were waiting for my smarts to kick in .
tr	O	Then she makes a face and snarls , " Well that 's a real nice way to start our honeymoon , husband of mine . "
tr	C	" That occurs , " McKenna said , and she stomped her foot on the sidewalk .
tr	C	I always thought the American Black people had a lot in common with the Irish , in their struggle for freedom , and later with clout .
tr	O	The lasers weren 't supposed to be activated yet , but the one on Bowie 's bird , at least , had been .
tr	C	If I could get a job there , it would be leaps and heaps better than Pretzel Pirate .
tr	O	" Of course , I 'm not prying about your personal affairs , " George said as he hastily rearranged the newspaper on his lap .
tr	O	Why don 't he stop a comet in its tracks ?
tr	O	Don 't misunderstand our seeming serenity .
tr	O	The door rebounded , and he blocked it narrowly saving his face from a collision .
tr	O	" Win some , lose some ? "
tr	O	Sometimes telepathy was damned inconvenient , but it did have its little perks .
tr	C	Holly 's mouth had fallen open about midway through my last evacuation .
tr	O	He journeyed to an island in the west continent to search for a special item for me .
tr	O	His exact translation was projected images in motion .
tr	O	Edward has already put out some feelers regarding IMF loans and he 's getting some positive feedback . '
tr	O	the vendor said . "
tr	C	Everything 's regulated and choreographed .
tr	O	The gremlin yelped and cradled its hand , right where the new hole was .
tr	C	They would have no trouble evading him out and bringing him back to face the punishment he deserved .
tr	O	He waited for them all to nod to him , before he spoke into his com .
tr	C	May take a few hours to identify significant power saws . "
tr	O	After an hour long modeling show of one , Hannah had me standing in front of the ceiling to floor mirror looking like a foreigner .
tr	C	Or perhaps a reticule .
tr	C	He kept his face impassive , spanning both his interest and surprise as he read it .
tr	C	" It takes 8 months to get a memo to Mars in the best of times .
tr	C	Then , studs , five of them .
tr	C	Pam seemed glad enough to talk to me , even if I was only a human , since she 'd lost her equanimity .
tr	C	Suddenly , I wasn 't sure which one of us needed the sizzle more .
tr	C	" Who says I 've lived like a standstill since my husband died ? "
tr	O	Next to her on the red comforter is a brown box that 's been opened and looks to hold mementos , photos and letters .
tr	O	They sat and talked about the damage the drug had done to small towns in the Midwest .
tr	C	" You 're always feeding me , " she said " I 'm beginning to think it 's a tad . "
tr	C	They did tests ... if you 're not sabotaging the brain ... like a muscle , brain cells die off through lack of use .
tr	O	The tiny plane plummeted , quickly losing altitude , barreling toward the ocean as the storm raged around us .
tr	O	I might be able to find some flaw in Louis ' character , but complete fraud ?
tr	O	He seemed to notice my change in moods and he studied my face intently .
tr	O	Even Papa and Daniel were not quite exceptions , since she was sure they 'd just learned to keep their condescension veiled from her and Mama .
tr	O	" I 've been securing our lands .
tr	O	" Did that dog have a vibrator in his mouth ? "
tr	C	The numerous , body length windows magnified the sun and rekindled their best efforts .
tr	O	It was quiet , except for the plumes of smoke that wafted out of its top .
tr	O	To his spring blossom , she is autumn 's long twilight .
tr	O	The dog nearly sent Mike careening into the mailbox before he caught his balance .
tr	C	Unfortunately , the carts were much faster than I had anticipated .
tr	O	The sense of sharing grew more and more intimate as all inhibitions fell away between them .
tr	C	She 's conquered by cold , hard cash . "
tr	C	He kept his hair short , the curls neatly boxed into place .
tr	C	When he left at 5 P.M. , the complimentary conference room was filled with computer glitches and account summaries .
tr	O	She heard a glass door slide open behind her and it felt as though a whoosh of electric energy suddenly permeated the air .
tr	C	If he was going to be reinstated to Society , though , it would help if he didn 't get caught wetting it .
tr	C	The guys around the bar start showering and whistling at that , nudging and teasing Cash .
tr	C	He scoots back , congratulating himself between the two plates , and reaches for my waist to help me when I get close enough .
tr	C	Chapter Seventeen I lowered the daydream and studied the figure standing in the shadows on the edge of the clearing .
tr	C	" About fifteen kilometers from the place where we 'll come out on the ridge . "
tr	C	Gears clicked and spun , and the vehicle rolled quietly into the street , powered by the unwinding spring inside the flea box .
tr	C	Instead he got out his mike , and last nights homework .
tr	O	And then Natalie came rushing up and poured forth a tirade of reproaches of her own : " You haven 't been home the whole day !
tr	O	Happily did he surrender it to the whims of time and weather .
tr	C	Every man is his own halo .
tr	C	Richard listened with seriousness ; Morton 's lapel gave him no choice .
tr	C	I hadn 't brought a torch and there weren 't any plots for most of the way .
tr	O	Don 't you dare point it at me or I 'll flay every shred of skin off your -- " " Now , now , Mr. Olivier .
tr	O	He 'd spent time educating me .
tr	C	Soft probe that reminded him of sexy lingerie and hot nights in bed .
tr	C	Inside were perfect grilled cheese pretzels .
tr	C	A smile lightens my lips as the faint hum of the falsehood dances under my skin .
tr	C	" If you want anything , vomiting , you only have to ask . "
tr	O	Four months of weeding through so many crappy profiles had jaded him .
tr	O	There were lines at the angles of the mouth and a trace of heaviness about her cheeks .
tr	C	The spaceship had a long morning .
tr	C	She started to imagine what would happen if she suddenly lost her balance , tumbling down the procession into a river of molten fire .
tr	C	And who could forget my fellow initiates , bloggers , and the readers ?
tr	O	She hadn 't heard the whir of the elevator or the fall of his footsteps .
tr	C	He paid the inn , handcuffed his horse and rode towards the gate .
tr	O	" Just a musing , " he said .
tr	O	As he drank , the rest of the group dismounted , took flasks and sat on the forest floor .
tr	C	My only option was to grab the kidnappers that were stored beneath the floorboards of the deck and begin rowing .
tr	C	It was as if inaction had been spilled in every corner , and people he could not see were standing by to light unseen fuses .
tr	C	Umbrellas came down and the T-shirts walked over the pool and dipped their feet inside to cool them .
tr	C	With all that groaning and thrashing about , I thought for sure I was piping around a wounded prima donna . "
tr	O	Her soft gasp was caught for all time at that first taking , that first merging of body and mind .
tr	C	said Ezio , concerned that his friend was using some kind of corporal .
tr	C	" What does the faery do ? "
tr	O	" Because when the jeweler was talking to his assistant he said I had a special jewel .
tr	O	But Corr would sooner gallop until he 's lathered like the surf than trot for half the time .
tr	C	' Probably so , ' he agreed , ' but then they 'd be cowards instead of townsmen .
tr	C	He massages , pushing even more weight into the door .
tr	O	She wails on the hard metal door , screaming on the top of her lungs .
tr	O	Reaching down , she guides me into her .
tr	C	" I have many , " he said , my attempts at seducing him down working .
tr	O	" You don 't want a lawsuit over this . "
tr	O	The cartilage of his nose was broken and his knees were full of abrasions .
tr	O	The rasping of a saw came through the open door .
tr	O	Englishman Brian Davis made a birdie at the 72nd hole to force a play-off against Jim Furyk .
tr	C	" Bella killed a rover . "
tr	C	Lil and I glanced at each other when our friends shifted to wrestling ... or contradiction .
tr	C	" Anyone here know what a nemesis is supposed to do ? "
tr	C	Right now , everything is in flux , and they 've closed the gazebo on New Terra .
tr	C	It allowed you all the joys of devastation without the messy and inconvenient diaper changes .
tr	C	" What did you do after you fetched up here , Maria ? "
tr	O	Coming back to the cabin , Mandy cleaned , buttered and spiced the corn on the cob and wrapped it in aluminum foil .
tr	O	He suddenly realized how famished he was .
tr	O	It doesn 't need to be turned into pulp . "
tr	C	The streetlight 's eyes lit up , and the fresh faced army lads greeted him respectfully before resuming their conversation .
tr	C	We installed fiber optics in her home , to observe and record her behavior before it yielded .
tr	O	" Explain to me about the electricity pulses , Lily .
tr	O	Annalise took a deep breath and surveyed the neighbourhood .
tr	C	Many of the images were vaporized .
tr	O	This is what you get for thinking you could outsmart someone centuries older than you , an insidious inner voice taunted .
tr	C	I immediately understood how I 'd been found , as I watched Sawyer shut the door , her clothes and hair drenched from the monarch .
tr	O	Two boys , no more than eleven or twelve , are pelting each other with jabs and kicks .
tr	O	There was no order , no elegance left to the fight at all .
tr	C	He was squeezing my neck , too tight , that I 'm seeing reds and notebooks again .
tr	C	Nicola 's perfume created a soft sweetness in the air , but that sweetness couldn 't cover the removal of sulfur .
tr	O	The night the Duke of Tempest was successfully seduced by Lady Emma Gates .
tr	C	We 'll make it a whiplash .
tr	O	His heart in his throat , he directed his men to surround the house and follow her in while she engaged the occupant in conversation .
tr	O	Jeff was impressed -- not all history nerds could be counted on to provide practical application of their craft so believably .
tr	C	Her dress was totaled on the trip over here , and she is literally losing her shit .
tr	C	For once , she was aware of the power of her clitoris .
tr	O	I took aim a second time and shot out one of the rear tyres .
tr	O	The terrorist had been apprehended in Barcelona , just before he 'd boarded a plane for Madrid .
tr	O	The swiftness , the eagerness of the polite gesture took Jenny by surprise .
tr	C	She could hear the metal balls clinking on the concrete .
tr	C	The captain 's climate would be the death of all of them .
tr	O	He must suffer the long cold winters for four years in Upper Michigan .
tr	O	I cancelled the contract last month , I spoke to someone in sales .
tr	O	" Size 5 or 6 . "
tr	C	She then grabbed the throw off the rucksack and went back .
tr	O	I looked in my wristwatch .
tr	C	The waterway flowed down her shoulders and along her hair .
tr	O	" But our bonding is not yet complete , " she said softly .
tr	C	I crashed to the ground , dug my nails at the metal halo around my neck , and pulled it loose .
tr	O	I sensed them fanning out , to my sides and behind me , creating a net in the darkness to surround me .
tr	C	They hadn 't really spoken to each other much except to compare notes whenever she 'd had trouble suppressing something .
tr	C	He continued to pet and nibble the kitten while he waited for her to return .
tr	O	He let out a satisfied sigh , which was stopped short when he turned to see two outsiders approaching .
tr	C	" You were out doing your caveman shit again .
tr	O	Not sure what the hoop might be , Lucy examined it .
tr	O	Mom is crying , but she keeps dabbing a Kleenex to her eyes so her mascara doesn 't run .
tr	C	John held my hand like a tyrant so we didn 't get separated among the writhing bodies .
tr	O	We found a few inns along the way where you had stopped , and the innkeepers remembered you .
tr	O	He designed simple pamphlets .
tr	C	We 'll bring him a few gifts -- merchants always like that -- and thank him for the loan of his men . "
tr	C	A tiny yelp escaped her at the gouge of Skyler grabbing her wrist before she could release the dish .
tr	O	It was fish called sea bass and some delicious chowder .
tr	C	You wouldn 't have a moment 's peace , and what 's left of your reputation would be in imitation . "
tr	O	I placed some money into the purse , along with my phone and a few more essentials and clasped it shut .
tr	C	I feel all naked on the east side , stuck up here with nothing but the dead gums between me and that Shadow yonder .
tr	C	The entire hall was silent and gaping at the rampaging warrior on his knees before her .
tr	O	" They 're professional negotiators and medics who are trying to help .
tr	O	" Monsieur de Chretien governs Brittany - a difficult province - in my name , " His Majesty said .
tr	C	He didn 't answer Kelly 's question as he lengthened his sharp gaze on her vulnerable body in the hot water .
tr	C	" They demolished her , " Miller responds , spitting out a bit of nail .
tr	O	" Besides , I won 't have the blood arrive , the power go out , and this batch be ruined as well . "
tr	C	If you hadn 't shaken me and scared it away , I 'd have been up there with this entire memo under my eye . '
tr	C	With no thought of avoidance there was scope for extravagant glassed lights .
tr	C	I flex my head back a little .
tr	O	Ship must have had access to the earth 's orbiting network , for Speed could see the carnage from many angles .
tr	C	The trailer park did not circumvent .
tr	O	" So tell me , did that fucker you call Father arrange a hit on me ? "
tr	C	They ´ ll come with chopsticks , " he says .
tr	C	He had used the three-day pass that Major Harris had given as a reward for the successful breeding of the general officers to visit Austria .
tr	O	We entered the building and descended to the archives .
tr	C	They were two moms , talons gripped together , falling from the sky .
tr	C	Its wings measured three hand widths across and were composed of bright blues , spoons , and crimson against a black background .
tr	C	" A little , " he hedged .
tr	O	He spat it out violently , gagging at the taste .
tr	O	The rockets stood tall , with steam rising .
tr	O	He hoped it didn 't mean he 'd reopened the wound .
tr	C	Activities that , when he started out , were isolated to that marginal farmland , but now everyone was doing something illegal !
tr	O	High above us , the candles spluttered in their holders .
tr	C	Out of the corner of my eye I saw her smirk at my loyalties and keep walking .
tr	O	It was too confusing and muddled an array of thoughts , and he put his head in his hands to cope with it .
tr	O	Ethan takes a breath and then his body relaxes .
tr	C	It was a quiet day , the heat transferring most people to stay inside .
tr	C	The first contact of the matchmaking is the tip against my lips .
tr	C	She wasn 't aware of Sal finding his own preservation , only the ecstasy that Sal had given her .
tr	O	Finally Reuben rested against a storefront , and through a break in the crowd tried to gain perspective on the mood of the festival .
tr	O	Karin began with an intro to " Over the Rainbow " .
tr	C	Even though A.J. knew he was right , it was hard not to feel motivated .
tr	C	Hearing Marco say " dude " with his funny Italian accent is usually a summation of my time at the camp .
tr	C	He was knocked down in the stream of water , feet tangling over his legs , then his body .
tr	O	This laird never laid eyes on Byron , and obviously Luna didn 't have the chance to know her father . "
tr	O	From a biblical standpoint , he wondered how this house even existed .
tr	C	She steeled herself with more punch to hide her relief while the bonfire flames crackled higher .
tr	O	" Guys aren 't supposed to want to cuddle .
tr	O	" Lacey Locke , everybody , " she said , like the FBI agent was a comedian and Lia the announcer .
tr	C	It felt like I could see the squawking of the air , could tell what was going on as Kaz saved us .
tr	O	I wasn 't a football quarterback or a cowboy .
tr	O	I ran to a place I thought I could find happiness ; normalcy .
tr	C	He was so much larger than life ; a criticism with a thick copper beard , magnetic yellow eyes , and an absolutely enigmatic presence .
tr	C	And through the quota of time , he remembered seeing the bastard stare up at him out of eyes glittering with fury and fear .
tr	C	Once on the ground , the barman slapped a box magazine into his rifle and lifted the rifle to his shoulder , adjusting the sight .
tr	O	That old building , it 's disintegrating ; it 's a ruin .
tr	O	Why - why you - " Vic was so incensed that all he could do was sputter .
tr	C	" You must have faith , my child " came the gentle rap .
tr	O	My finger hovers of the button as I deliberate what to type back to her .
tr	O	" You may have noticed that my controller is still on the No. 5 line and no further trouble , either . "
tr	O	Well , in my humble opinion , I wouldn ´ t invite any of these guys on vacation with me either but he does have a point .
tr	O	Rif must have had one of his blackouts .
tr	O	How could she have forgotten for a second how dangerous it must be out here in the aftermath of such a catastrophic earthquake ?
tr	O	Horace plunged his nose into the plate , lapped three or four times and it was clean .
tr	C	Lucky nodded and we placed the babies into their cot before jamming in a deep long kiss .
tr	C	He flung himself back on his yips , out of view .
tr	O	' You are licensed to ride after curfew , I assume ? '
tr	O	They were scattered around the scene of their showdown with the wolves .
tr	C	It 's a good whack . "
tr	O	I dragged in gulps of air .
tr	O	The bikers tried to run , but the bears and wolves were on them .
tr	O	Watching the men load and unload the trucks .
tr	O	I asked , with forced casualness , trying to bring myself back to reality .
tr	C	Of course , Ridley was in her element , plodding up and down the beach as heads twisted .
tr	O	Having everything so well orchestrated by machines makes me feel oddly extraneous .
tr	O	The clothing was so gently crafted that it almost appeared to be made of silken sheets , draped over a living body .
tr	O	They both thought that the only way to survive the unknown ordeal set out for them was to comply .
tr	O	The quaint disorder of Hearken both disturbed and intrigued him .
tr	O	This wasn 't meant as a taunt to Christopher , not another rib to get back at his friend .
tr	O	If anyone 's integrity was to be questioned , then it should be hers .
tr	O	At least I was smart enough , and realistic enough , not to deceive myself for a minute , though it was a wonderful fantasy .
tr	C	Sophie walked into the dining room and returned with a large ownership .
tr	C	That is an important part of the legal system from a defense attorney 's avoidance .
tr	O	And , though witches aren 't Wiccan , some Wiccans practice witchcraft .
tr	C	His angel rewarded him , sending stabs of great power into his veins .
tr	C	To the best of his knowledge , no other deputies had declared their intentions to run against him .
tr	C	The Revolution ran after him but halted .
tr	O	We watch it fly into the distant treetops before we begin paddling up the river again .
tr	C	After their excess , she needed to appraise her energy .
tr	O	This isn 't about my ... itches .
tr	O	All five bridesmaids completed their line-up on the bride 's side .
tr	O	There are silences that seem to have meaning in the woods .
tr	C	And it didn 't help that when she was angry , she gave off that scent ... a viewpoint , maybe .
tr	C	Apparently he 's also got a coup for some local politicians .
tr	O	At least my body felt one step closer to rejoining the human race when we left the diner .
tr	O	Not resisting the heat , the windows and the glass of the bookcase shattered into pieces .
tr	O	She sings like a beautiful dove !
tr	C	I run right through a blazing flame ten feet high revving the landscape .
tr	O	He 'd gauged his ears and had new ink crawling up his forearm .
tr	O	She was the kind of girl a guy could fantasize about in a million and one different ways and never have to repeat himself .
tr	C	Even if it was dark , the lights of the drones were very bright and illuminating the areas where they were flying thru .
tr	C	It was also assumed that every planet that could sustain life would have available sources of vegetable matter and tranquility .
tr	C	Considering everything that has shrunk , we have decided to take this slow .
tr	C	She was past denying his handicap and that made her nervous , though only for an instant .
tr	O	They didn 't speak while the driver pointed out landmarks and buildings .
tr	C	Even at three in the morning , the July air was still hot and thick with resolution , making it hard to breathe .
tr	O	Many were graduates who still lived in the town as they tried to figure out what to do with their lives .
tr	O	Even though it was not the most pleasant of places , the outhouse kept their human smells masked from any dogs around them .
tr	C	Perhaps it was only aristocrat , the passing of the years ?
tr	O	I am to begin work as a schoolteacher , soon .
tr	C	Her temples throbbed , the voices still confronting her .
tr	C	Vincent sat back down and opened up his slouch .
tr	C	She pressed her fingernails into his shoulders as she responded in frantic passion to his kayak .
tr	O	I held my hand out in front of me , rubbing the sticky black goo between my fingers .
tr	O	The Starbucks on campus was overrun with a zombie horde of other sleep-deprived students .
tr	C	I 'm confiding in now . "
tr	C	Only two humans in the world aren 't governed by Elizabeth 's spell .
tr	C	I brought my other hand to the base of him , pumping in sync with my mouth .
tr	O	Your dinners are fun , but you also go out sometimes after work .
tr	O	He managed to reprogram the autopilot and the spaceship stayed on Earth .
tr	C	As if they 'd obtained it , Meredith pressed the exact place to open the root cel ar door .
tr	O	" Don 't you recognize your patron God , warmonger ? "
tr	O	Now that he 'd teased Silvio a sufficient amount , Finn slurped down the rest of his milkshake while he checked his own phone and messages .
tr	C	" Other than to pay my beloved prince slayer , of course , I 'm just really curious . "
tr	O	You can 't get that out here in the colonies , Dad . "
tr	O	" ' cuz that 's all there is to eat around here . "
tr	O	No way would Mr. Mayor want anyone to learn that his son instigated a gang rape .
tr	O	" Tell us who you sent the documents to , then , " I said , my patience dwindling .
tr	O	One U.N. project that was not getting as much media coverage as the economic and political changes , was a plan for a world religious summit .
tr	O	Two short , sharp claps were the sign that the audience with the Crown was over .
tr	O	She looked round , and seeming to gather security from the solitude , hid her hat among the willows , and took off her woollen cloak .
tr	O	It 's mostly linen and cotton fibers .
tr	C	It was oddly humorous , but they notified their laughter .
tr	C	Warmth spread through his body and tugged at his hypothesis .
tr	O	" Are all wraiths like you ? "
tr	C	I am everything they would reduce most . "
tr	O	A huge sallow moon hung over a town that reminded her of a Tim Burton landscape .
tr	O	How wrong he 'd been to underestimate his children 's need for their father .
tr	C	Pierce indeed felt like a prop as they shoveled half of the room then took a position by the bar .
tr	O	It began to slobber through the grin .
tr	C	It will give us a chance to grieve and get to bed early , so we can leave first thing . "
tr	C	She knew Simon had given her a valuable gift when he had trusted her enough to take her without his usual procedure of bondage and whoosh .
tr	O	His father said it meant he was nosey and a disgrace to the family name because of it .
tr	C	" Rules don 't know how to run a war .
tr	O	" I go in depth into the church 's use of celibacy to separate men from women and portray women as dangerous , corrupt beings .
tr	C	During training , I discovered that I was a natural when it came to volleyball and defense tactics .
tr	O	When Sabra recited the poem , I didn 't think of the first verse .
tr	C	He would sit on this new information until the final test results were reassigned .
tr	C	As in many Merman outposts , the walls met at right angles in a precision that annoyed many Islanders .
tr	C	There were two major differences to this tranquility , however .
tr	C	At what point were you going to share this element of your liver ? "
tr	C	He remembered this and then seriously considered demonstrating his offer .
tr	O	She stepped close to the front of the entranceway , still deep in shadow , but just behind the shattered doors .
tr	C	He pulled up the fizz up onto the wooden dock and stowed the paddles inside the small hull .
tr	C	" It was difficult , and I am grateful to all of you for not inciting them too seriously .
tr	C	Elizabeth tried desperately to ignore the stares and taxis that followed her , but the men grew bold .
tr	C	I realized I was still clutching Jim 's hand like a collision and let go .
tr	O	A large flake landed on her ear with a faint whisper .
tr	O	" I find it ... irregular . "
tr	O	So was the very faint , almost untraceable scent of sulfur .
tr	O	Until he discovers the secrets I hold , he cannot unseat me in Morganville , and he cannot create his own followers to overwhelm mine .
tr	O	He turned back to see the streaks of fire zipping down the hall .
tr	C	My aunt keeps Dawson until late most nights , making her read from a book of combatants and rub her back until she can drop off .
tr	C	The young math whiz fast recognized the relationship between steering a gymnasium , geometry and physics and soon became addicted .
tr	C	" First zombies , now nymphs .
tr	O	" You have my solemn oath that I will never , never , clamp you with an armband again . "
tr	C	She married an extremely wealthy man who made millions selling paper napkins .
tr	O	The sheriff and half of the townspeople think they can whip us only because we were born this way .
tr	C	But a voice in my head pokes me to stay and follow the old lady .
tr	O	She poured again and repeated her chant , bowing low before the idol .
tr	O	They hit the street , nothing but the sound of their footfalls on the pavement .
tr	O	He would put it in the same pouch as the artery .
tr	C	She rolled her eyes , but welcomed how his charm eased some of the medal from her spine .
tr	O	Normandy said , " So I think you can see why it 's time for you to confide in us . "
tr	C	All of those on duty left the guard station and Elrod posted himself as drizzle outside the door .
tr	O	After almost four hours of answering more questions than they could count , they left with temporary replacement passports .
tr	C	Sonnets that have lung and rhyme and a set pattern that you can tap out with a yellow Ticonderoga pencil while you 're daydreaming .
tr	O	Rain splattered down from above , stopping the flames as quickly as she could conjure them .
tr	C	The wind smelled of nourishment .
tr	O	" And you 'd be losing your licence , sir , I can assure you . "
tr	O	" You 're slurring your words and swaying as you talk to me .
tr	C	Kate says , pitching off across the field .
tr	O	The fireball landed on my rug , still on fire .
tr	O	' Whereas we would dispel the illusion , they would use it to rule . '
tr	C	It was on the lake , but unlike the cabins that lined the rest of the lake , this was a cabin on stilts .
tr	C	It is also eaten away by the acid and looks like a piece of the doc 's skin .
tr	C	Tucker pictured his partner dragging the rifle by its leather strap in his teeth , ever obedient , pitching down to the word .
tr	C	He lathered himself as he looked at her and thought about what a horrible job he did on helping her when she was now dying .
tr	O	Mary Ann wanted to whoop .
tr	O	Luisa has more punching power and resilience than Specter .
tr	O	However , I can 't discount the incredible ribbon yarns and some of the newer acrylics .
tr	O	" We 've run out of loopholes , Gage .
tr	O	And Ethan had enough contacts in enough places to guarantee placement .
tr	O	The young man refused to answer , slumping further in his seat .
tr	O	I sat smiling graciously as I fielded questions about whether I was certain I had tallied the totals correctly more times than I could count .
tr	C	" Daddy listens for missing this . "
tr	O	A few minutes later , there was a chime from the communicator speaker .
tr	C	A droning noise sounded above me .
tr	O	He was scanning a bookshelf built into a stone alcove when he heard footsteps .
tr	C	Also the championship debate was heating up .
tr	O	" In each one you were evil ... a seductress . "
tr	C	What he had assumed to be a duvet covered storage area was revealed to be the morgue .
tr	C	Mr. Ii felt as though his heart were on fire , like he could tear the world ownership .
tr	C	The idea of a world without the barricade was not so overwhelming now that this obscure certainty had gripped him .
tr	C	The police referred to it euphemistically as " single unit shudders . "
tr	C	It was diseased , crowned .
tr	C	She shakes her head as if she has somehow shrunk the ability to care about these poor souls .
tr	O	Minute particles of the skin , as small as dust motes , had fallen and mingled with the dirt of the city .
tr	O	" You think someone may not believe our authenticity ? "
tr	C	The sticks are heavy but well mended .
tr	C	The fates were probably hoping they were going home together .
tr	C	The main sectors of course were Protestants and Catholics but there were others , notably the Presbyterians who were mostly in Ulster .
tr	C	The coals caught me by surprise .
tr	O	Alger replied , charging his horse at the elder , as if his ears were damaged by the old peasant 's words .
tr	O	The devastating effects from each shell made up for the lack of quantity .
tr	C	I am hoping now that they are free , they will consider negotiating a long lasting relationship with my associates that will benefit all parties . "
tr	C	Now I know you 're an excellent drummer on purpose , the type of person who goes out for suntan . "
tr	O	Agnes intercepted this look and her face darkened .
tr	O	These large lumpy bags of vegetables , fruits , breads , and even meats were common enough to be unremarkable now .
tr	C	We 'll just invent what the other is thinking . "
tr	C	Those fortunate souls who survived Hank 's initial blast shed all orphans and all practiced customs to play part in total chaos .
tr	O	" Ben 's my pa , " I say .
tr	O	His smugness was instantly replaced with the anonymity of a dark black bag , as Morgan quickly shoved it over his head .
tr	O	Her only thought had been to defy her father .
tr	C	Case number five , David Russo , was a well-known condo conversion in the D.C. , Virginia and Maryland areas .
tr	C	" But what if we have great cacophony , Jim ?
tr	C	If angels and demons do exist , how are they involved in the secret that jackass this family , binding them to this place ?
tr	O	Chemistry , biology , you name it , and I 'm horrible at it , " said Dean .
tr	C	I hadn 't see hide nor hair of Alex since Cecilia 's precedence , though thankfully , I hadn 't seen hide nor hair of her either .
tr	C	I 'm grateful for the rare specialty as long as it lasts .
tr	C	He wouldn 't utilize it .
tr	C	With what seems like an inordinate amount of effort , I pronounce my lids up and try to focus on the face hovering above me .
tr	O	It was difficult to find a single thread to get back to the one master who fed his extreme fervor .
tr	C	A satyr and a couple wood stoves .
tr	O	It was Ted 's idea to throw an outdoor barbeque bash for the investors , to celebrate the Indonesian gold strike .
tr	C	Sara Kiel Cosmetics was a worldwide famine , with sales inspired by the unequaled face of its owner .
tr	O	And that , " He pointed down at the inset lock , " Is probably a deadbolt .
tr	C	He kept them well while they roughed him and left them well when he 'd released them .
tr	C	There was nothing he would wilt from us if we marched to war .
tr	C	He searched , but there was no lock on this side of the hatch , no method of restoring it against the world above .
tr	O	I waited for Ryder to buckle up and pull out of his on-street parking spot before bombarding him with fury .
tr	O	Just some stragglers . "
tr	C	She chuckles , but her face simply warns .
tr	C	This whole week , I 've been mucking out about an interview that was actually an offer !
tr	C	I don 't get a lot of carrots , and when I do , they 're usually more Hallmark that watermark .
tr	C	Nate saw the lack of attention as a good thing , although he mourned losing the huge payout .
tr	C	" You mean you cut everyone 's benefits simply to coil up the bank accounts ? "
tr	C	This section chanted for your convenience : We don 't know a thing about either of these .
tr	O	It seemed like a place free from all the hype .
tr	O	She opened her purse and brought out her notebook and one of her pens .
tr	C	The buzz of the explosion sends blood whirling through my body and I can 't help but smile , the kind where my cheeks crinkle up .
tr	O	A slender , older gentleman in the tunic of an officer 's valet entered the tent , lugging a heavy leather sack .
tr	O	It wrestled back , pulling her with greater vigor , and tightening its grip on her foot .
tr	C	The Author protects us .
tr	O	She placed pink wildflowers on the dirt .
tr	O	That I was bound to muck it up just like I 'd already done in this room .
tr	C	You 're nothing but an insignificant shapeshifter ; you don 't even know how to use your magic , let alone what to do with it .
tr	O	" It 's not like bathrooms where only one sex is allowed , " Jackson said , looking amused .
tr	C	" Meaning ... " " I 've had ... a few aisles with them .
tr	C	" Mira probably crocheted a new missile and made us all matching aprons . "
tr	C	Simon padded barefoot out into the living room , Isabelle behind him , to find a surprising stamina .
tr	C	Paintings , gilded chairs , plush carpets and massive four-poster beds , lakes and wonders from the East -- we saw all of these in every chamber .
tr	O	He swallowed the second malt in one , and waived the need for another .
tr	C	" It wasn 't the sorcerers and bruises that caught my attention . "
tr	O	I doubt counselling would help him . "
tr	O	" You 're the people person who donated half his liver to his dad , " Hagan said .
tr	C	" Sometimes I think this whole freight business is a farce anyway .
tr	C	The aerodynamics technology for getting a machine to fly had been around since Kitty Hawk , and all that remained had been the issue of invincibility .
tr	O	He looked once more across the busy room and back into Gottfried 's face , which betrayed an affirmation .
tr	O	I glanced at the headstone next to hers and plucked a flower from the bouquet and laid it on the grave .
tr	O	I was shivering like a dog in a thunderstorm .
tr	C	" And I do believe Uncle Russ thought he was pestering Faith out . "
tr	C	It was not time to be a pixie girl .
tr	C	" I used every last ounce of my strength to crank out of the fire .
tr	O	He led her to a private elevator that immediately whisked them to the penthouse .
tr	C	There is so much forever wild land there that we should be able to rationalize ourselves easily .
tr	C	" Mushrooms , bulbs and tomatoes .
tr	O	In the dark nights of winter , when your spirit bleeds , Open up this box set , pick a story , and read .
tr	C	Suddenly she hated herself for the niche , but she knew it was too soon to tell anyone .
tr	C	' Do these ogres have weapons of any kind at all ? ' '
tr	C	But all these discomforts were varied by the ache in his middle , the sensation of his heart breaking all over again .
tr	C	Unfortunately the expansion had a smooth top without anything to secure the line to .
tr	O	I repeated Anthony 's plain hamburger order twice , knowing he wouldn 't touch anything with ketchup or mustard or anything else on it .
tr	C	Sloane blinked as more flaps of the situation became clear .
tr	O	My uncle was such a diplomat .
tr	C	The relative , being of a somewhat simple business mind , relied upon the offer and held dreams of great success .
tr	C	His room looked like a teenager 's one , full of posters with rouge bands .
tr	C	Before that wall was put up , your light socket was centered . "
tr	C	" Needing to the scene of an interrogation and murdering any Iraqis there . "
tr	C	Our only regular contact with the locals is our once-a-week trip into town to buy CDs at the small store .
tr	O	Lea was trying to memorize as much as possible .
tr	C	" Choose to think otherwise . "
tr	O	" Doesn 't that scratch your vagina ? "
tr	C	She was commando through and through .
tr	C	" More impossible than a ghost what unfolds a chair ? "
tr	C	He reached for the shampoo and began to tourniquet up her soft hair .
tr	C	The girl 's eyes misted up over the top of the page , focusing directly on her chest .
tr	O	That plus your aces on land nav .
tr	C	The beat of wings came to his ears and the Bug froze .
tr	C	Too many of their women had left , seeking companionship and love with human males rather than the careless smudge of their own males .
tr	C	Grayson would have embraced this characterization five months ago if it had gotten him out of a grudge for Mr. Hall .
tr	O	They should be a little bolder , he thought , and assert something like , " You are about to suffer from violent food poisoning . "
tr	O	But there are all sorts of other goodies out there if you 're thirsty or hungry . "
tr	C	" Strictly speaking , Barclay should entrust his Director of his plans , " said Burgess .
tr	C	Her tongue slid sensually between them , whacking him and making his body even harder .
tr	O	Sybil arched her back and grasped the rungs of the iron headboard to steady herself .
tr	O	He showed up at rehearsal with bass guitar and enough natural groove to highlight where they 'd been going wrong with Russell .
tr	C	" There 's an after-hours relaxation on the next block .
tr	C	The door opened and Iseo entered , carrying a tray with two goblets and a silver pocketknife .
tr	C	It feeds me that I seem to have the same effect on him .
tr	O	He inhaled and smelled pure femininity , pure Rina , and a burst of desire shot through him .
tr	C	Maybe I was just unlucky but I 'd noticed the decree and tried to avoid peak hours when stops would be heaving .
tr	C	There are no terrorists left to pay .
tr	O	Kyle had always understood his younger brother better than the rest of the family , although the military had helped him rein in his wilder impulses .
tr	O	But that could 've been because he was busy hoisting the suitcase into his trunk .
tr	C	There even more weapons in this room than back at the gnome room .
tr	C	You know , the chancellor , the wealth , big house , half-dozen cars parked in an oversized garage , over-the-top vacations ... all of that .
tr	C	They 've got demos , docs who work outside the House , even some historic positions .
tr	O	A whistle blew , or was it the clang of a bell ?
tr	C	She tightened her mouth around him , increasing the armpit , desperate for him .
tr	O	His tongue began to coax out the blood , undulating slowly against her skin .
tr	O	He stirred , sifted and rolled .
tr	C	There are so many rules and bridges .
tr	O	" Absolutely , " he assures me .
tr	O	With the change of climate there also came a gradual alteration of the world around us .
tr	O	The old Aden might have ignored the implication .
tr	C	There were certain things that she and I shared in our hovercraft .
tr	C	said the damsel in Recent Runes .
tr	C	Ripping the shower curtain open wide , he stepped inside , helplessness of the running water , unconcerned about his remaining clothes .
tr	O	" No snares , no traps , no magic at all . "
tr	C	Miranda dropped her threatening mutiny .
tr	C	A powerful aristocrat , he realized , would of course be able to afford this .
tr	O	One of his favorite sayings is we don 't have laurels in our family , we have results .
tr	O	He shut his eyes to wallow in the aftereffects .
tr	C	" I knew what Jack had done in owning him .
tr	O	This morning 's activities added up to the most that lazy hound had moved in six months !
tr	C	I could 've downloaded while we were still in town . "
tr	C	" Now why do you suppose those artifacts would need current attention ?
tr	O	Why I always felt like a misfit .
tr	C	Anyone who touches it who does not recount the hand of flesh will be consumed in the same way the hand of flesh destroys . "
tr	O	Tearing himself free of his uncle 's sheltering arms , he hurried back into the gloom .
tr	O	Picking up the cuff still chained to the bedpost , he held it up to her .
tr	O	This grate reminded me of this embellishment which has sadly gone the way of the past .
tr	O	As the door to the parlor closed , the two intertwined figures on the settee separated , and one sat up .
tr	O	He gasps as I breathe in , feeling what 's inside him transferring to the inside of me .
tr	C	Her sorrow was that as a blindfold she had never known her parents , had never known the love of a father and mother wolf .
tr	C	As if by magic , the dress peeled away from her body and retained to the floor in a heap .
tr	C	" There now , stop the investing .
tr	C	He pours two sets of slats for breathing either air or water , a curved polished silver skull with three black bow shaped eyeballs .
tr	O	She had no comprehension of what was being said and yet felt wounded by their tone .
tr	O	You already know your regiment but today you will be told your platoon and battalion .
tr	C	He had a small , unflattering nose and a multitude of zits that covered his face and also hacked down his hair arms .
tr	C	Her words charmed me .
tr	O	After travel expenses and entry fees , he probably would have been better off working minimum wage .
tr	C	It was said with the repetition of a child .
tr	C	To the right , there was a poster with whiteness of underwear .
tr	O	They filed out of the bathroom and went back to their bunks .
tr	C	They were expecting a bag , a container , or a blanket to contain the prime directive .
tr	C	LJ had clearly orchestrated my jammies for the night without any help from Holly .
tr	C	Though it only held five rounds , it was a personal favorite : for its size , foreman , and reliability .
tr	O	Chicken noodle , maybe .
tr	O	It was the briefest of contacts , but it sent a shiver feathering along her spine .
tr	C	What kind of a watchman are we getting ? "
tr	O	I press my communicator and instruct the gunners in the convoy to concentrate fire northeast .
tr	O	" The oracle speaks less riddles than you , Olympian . "
tr	C	" And yet here we are , with every speck of evidence pointing to Helios and Selene having faded , " said Hera .
tr	C	She 'd deceived , was staggering up , stumbling away .
tr	O	But she believed these merits to be a blessing from God rather than her own achievement .
tr	O	As they begin disassembling the risers , the noise level becomes deafening .
tr	C	The scout leader negotiated .
tr	C	Perhaps he should tell him the truth ; tell him about his debts ; see if he might be overjoyed to advance him some more wages .
tr	O	I wanted to feel myself inside of her , moving with abandonment until she screamed out and moaned my name in pleasure .
tr	C	Once there , Serena pulls a braided rope from the tree , amplifying it into tight circles .
tr	C	" Ryan , I 'm not working with this innuendo of a pilot .
tr	C	As I followed her to the guest room , I glanced at the logistics .
tr	O	They had a big snowstorm in Cleveland on our way out to California for a nephew 's wedding .
tr	C	When we decided to accept Courtney , we decided to protect her from discovery and frog . "
tr	C	After another moment of cowardice , she slipped out of bed and pulled on her robe .
tr	O	He said something that elicited laughter from them and they formed a semi-circle around Rick .
tr	C	I offered a silent prayer for the innocent woman who had been detained and went back to my initial search .
tr	O	We could tell things were especially bad when all communications were down , and we were unable to connect with any servers .
tr	C	" There are two other sightings .
tr	C	The man rushes forward , aims her up and they both disappear into thin air .
tr	C	We don 't shipping people lightly , Lily .
tr	O	Sometimes he had to stay late at the police station to finish paperwork for the arrests he 'd made and reports he 'd taken that night .
tr	O	Before he revved the engine and let the clutch out , Becca suggested , " Let us all thank Mr. Abernathy for his patience and support . "
tr	C	" A composer 's work is never done . "
tr	C	She chooses power too much . "
tr	O	" Can the FBI pressure them to testify that you had the research before you filed suit ? "
tr	O	" Then why is this supposed savior of yours locked up in one of my cells ? "
tr	O	The girls were dressed kind of punk rock , so the more alternative sound of the music surprised me .
tr	O	The door to Mike 's walk-in closet seemed to magnify before his eyes .
tr	O	And then , drawn by the potential of food , comfort , and companionship the animal began to slowly approach .
tr	C	This forced admission would infuriate the pillars of their social order .
tr	O	' Not after discovering the diaries .
tr	C	-- -- which meant it had to push north to open up living space and coax the much needed natural resources .
tr	O	He kept up the chuckles and fired up the DVD .
tr	C	She 'd rattled off that rant about men who needed warning labels countless times .
tr	O	While he pulled away from the cell to drop off chow at the next one , Heather called out to him with a favor to ask .
tr	C	Thank you for your help , I must remain here to shepherd our new additions .
tr	C	I promised you that day would come disguised by ancient reason .
tr	C	I 'm no traitor , and I 'm not about to let the king to die for your ownership . "
tr	C	He was on his hands and knees , grasping Corky 's tether and vomiting pea .
tr	O	Satyr 1 : Prove your cleverness to that divine host and they will reward you greatly .
tr	O	Beyond that , there is the " redo " of the first Rome 's Revolution book trailer .
tr	C	I actually preferred her version of a throne to my pretentious , golden bob .
tr	O	Others had borne so much more without complaint .
tr	O	Lots of people would love an encyclopedia that either ignores subjects they 're not comfortable with or replaces the truth with preposterous allegations . "
tr	O	He radiated from cool and hotness .
tr	O	She brings her hand up to her mouth as she huffs .
tr	C	' We got on , for a bit , ' Marlon said unfolding his grip on his glass .
tr	O	Her hands shook as Alyssa pulled the tab to open the thin cardboard packet .
tr	C	What if she could see her friends witnessing her , see her screwing up so badly ?
tr	O	Colby obviously wasn 't comfortable outlining the details of his patient 's experience .
tr	O	Three figures slowly emerged from the shadows behind the rector .
tr	O	" Everything 's growing and eating living and dying and spouting spores and seeds and eggs and gobs of semen and little babies . "
tr	C	She looked up at me , negotiating .
tr	C	A she-wolf , Lady Kenna , has bested them all . "
tr	O	Though I did my best to ignore his bellowing , he ran and caught me at the rear stairwell .
tr	O	" But you 're as good as murdering these other people . "
tr	C	" My faithful peasant , " her new acquaintance grinned .
tr	C	We will perish the bidding at one thousand dollars , " he said .
tr	O	His fingers pulled out of her cunt .
tr	O	If anything , they apologise for bothering us with questions and stuff . "
tr	O	When I said clean , a woman gets on her hands and knees and scrubs the floor with a rag . "
tr	C	And it was scolding and intoxicating .
tr	O	After pumping a few dollars ' worth of gas into the tank , I motored over to Enzo 's .
tr	O	Ty , especially , knew he was unlikely to even think about such nuances .
tr	C	Certain rows were ambushed all corresponding to one name .
tr	O	Unwilling to go quietly to her slaughter , Cassandra reverted to her strict and intensive training .
tr	O	He wrapped it in clothes as he went , stuffed the lot into a bag , then crammed that into a cauldron .
tr	O	All the same , transactions and movements could be traced from a credit card , which didn 't exactly tally with criminal activities .
tr	O	They are like parasites , take , take , take , that is all a human knows .
tr	C	Riley 's chair scraped the wood floor as he made room for his son , who 'd returned with his halo .
tr	O	Tears ran down her cheeks and she sniffled .
tr	C	It took some minutes to encircle my legs and stretch out as far as I could .
tr	C	The coil jerked his pole straight up into the air and then swore .
tr	O	" Damn mutt , " she muttered under her breath .
tr	O	Only now did Madison realize that whoever stood at her door was actually giving it more of a light rap than a pounding .
tr	O	" Is there anything your ex-wife might have that could bolster her claims ?
tr	O	Dagmar 's eyes crossed and she lowered the extra spectacles before she dropped them .
tr	C	Frantically , I rolled away across the wet ground twisting and turning like an inclination .
tr	O	The new CPA firm down on the third floor was handling the books and payroll .
tr	C	He liked all mammals ; reducing the world into cat lovers and dog lovers had always seemed weird to him .
tr	C	He pressed his thumb against the wound , digging it in as if trying to organise the cut .
tr	O	Seeing a fire extinguisher next to the stove , she grabbed it .
tr	O	" You were going to tell me the name of the young Englishman who made a donation to the gallery . "
tr	C	The videotape would find out soon enough , and be able to spend the rest of his days with her , while he - But no .
tr	O	Up we went , one by one over the barriers of the trenches and we spilled out onto no mans land .
tr	O	Craig raised his arms above his head , as though he were signaling a touchdown in football .
tr	O	Her voice trembled , reinforcing the maternal anguish in her features .
tr	C	" I think Bryce was using that information to prod more money for the governor to launch his national political career .
tr	O	Then Missile saw another horse galloping off towards the stalls and he just kicked off .
tr	C	Hot jealousy simmered through me , but I kept cool .
tr	C	" But if it makes you feel any better , the nobility is a life sentence in and of itself . "
tr	O	" You are , my tigress .
tr	C	I 've done a fair amount of reminiscing and scuba diving .
tr	O	He 'd warned me repeatedly of the terrifying capabilities of his precious government agency , Probe .
tr	O	She tried desperately to block out the murder and terror that he must have reigned down upon those innocents .
tr	O	Unless you want to be detained by law enforcement , I 'd advise against it . "
tr	C	It still cowboys , even after all it has been through .
tr	C	Jack had attempted to get the money , but the revolting had knocked down key elements in the grid , making the electronic transfer impossible .
tr	O	Which , naturally , implies that she did leave you behind at some point before .
tr	O	We don 't have enough resources globally to handle the difficulties we 're facing .
tr	C	Gatling was there in a second , hovering over me and spraying the laceration with a variety of combatants , each one burning more than the last .
tr	O	Gavin 's the oldest of my parents ' brood of five children .
tr	C	" Because if you don 't , I will expose your airship to the entire Breed nation .
tr	O	But I reckon -- why not try an ' brighten the days some .
tr	O	A bit of ash and grease from the galley should do it . "
tr	O	He inhales a deep breath as he presses his closed lips against mine , breathing me into him .
tr	C	She wasn 't quite through overcoming her , though .
tr	O	But ... but ... I reread it one more time .
tr	O	Steam clung to his body , fogged up his insides , disarming him from the core .
tr	O	The communist Chinese regime 's hold on power is tenuous at best .
tr	C	" It 's f ire .
tr	O	A pure hatred and distrust of his kind ?
tr	O	She needed to conceive of a son before she could gain access so she was working towards a goal .
tr	O	The smile fell from his lips , ' I am sorry , ' he spluttered .
tr	C	Certainly they all sounded like good people , but motors ?
tr	C	I slowly walked down the pathway and perfected the zombie faces around me .
tr	C	Except it was the girls , staring at me while I crouched like a platinum ready to spring at an enemy .
tr	O	Built for stealth and ambush , she had retractable claws and vision six times better than a human 's .
tr	O	It was something the designers had never considered , and why would they ?
tr	O	Today was a day of firsts , I guess .
tr	O	" Avery , find Taylor and gather everyone up and teleport back .
tr	C	His words resonated through the miles and miles of endless tunnels -- dark lenses of the Eternal Pits .
tr	C	When they were inside and partially sheltered from feathered observers , Monty pulled the nets away from his hand .
tr	C	Operation " Don 't rap for Rhys Striker , " was not going well .
tr	O	David was a business tycoon who 'd taken automation technology to new industry heights .
tr	C	Now , after raising her own children , who had all quickly unloaded the small town , she was Mama to everyone under the age of thirty .
tr	C	Defensive shields became a hindrance rather than a help , as they held back the swirling waters that would have dashed aside the zigzag , squealing rats .
tr	O	The saddles were clean , about the only clean things in there .
tr	C	I wanted no condos , and certainly none of them were strangers to the scene . "
tr	O	Care for my grandchild as I would . ' "
tr	C	I was almost sad as I watched them clutter up the stairs .
tr	O	He 's agreed to get some counseling . "
tr	C	I thanked Jake for arousing interest away from me .
tr	C	He flipped the leaf again and examined the roadside assistance club card that was contaminated with the name ' Steven Southington ' .
tr	C	He won 't settle for half a hypocrite . "
tr	O	The peasants watched him with dull eyes .
tr	O	She felt deeply grateful for their generosity but she was twenty-seven years old and longed for more independence and a home of her own .
tr	C	She used her dancer 's strength to roll them over to faze him once again .
tr	C	And as ugly as that fella was , it hadn 't gotten any better over the last week .
tr	C	I Die in the back of the Bug .
tr	C	She wondered what the rudeness did , what the subs were like .
tr	O	Odd that an Orthodox Russian like yourself would be wearing a Catholic medal -- unless , of course it was a family heirloom ?
tr	O	Some corporate giant should have overtaken you by now . "
tr	C	His face was bloody ; she had cracked her head against his subordinate , and the skin was swelling and darkening .
tr	C	She stepped over a few books and the basket of pines .
tr	C	I had barely noticed him stroll in , even when he stopped to dye my hair .
tr	C	One after the other , like fireflies .
tr	C	All I found were murals and some birds who startled me far more than I scared them .
tr	C	Turning away from the empty screens , he began to pace the enormity of the command post .
tr	C	We look at each other uncertainly , then shuffle along after the detriment .
tr	C	It must be a sign , Pet tagged .
tr	C	The change in scenery did nothing to nuzzle my mood .
tr	O	The camels , never a docile , unified people , were on the verge of open rebellion .
tr	C	We are part of a new rendition of mankind , the origins of which can be pinpointed , while an explanation for our miraculous invention , cannot .
tr	O	Lea was starting to feel the accumulated damage , but she refused to go down .
tr	O	This little café incorporated the waiters into its atmosphere in order to strongly mimic Earth 's more rustic areas .
tr	O	They 're refusing to pay for their percentage .
tr	O	" The bird 's large size usually keeps them from reaching into the undergrowth to get them .
tr	C	Lily stepped back to allow the two men to accentuate her into the office .
tr	C	Each step was ascending , drawing her closer to freedom .
tr	C	They had such different cultures .
tr	C	I 've been in quarantine for months .
tr	C	Trying to project an air of chloroform , John began talking nonsense .
tr	C	That was how heroes became silhouettes .
tr	O	His hands reached out to either side of him , pressing downwards in a gesture that seemed to urge the earth to stay still .
tr	C	I try to follow what the great professor is revving on the whiteboard .
tr	O	The officer 's disgust was obvious , but his rudeness didn 't disturb the new inmate .
tr	O	Color covers her cheeks and even her earlobes .
tr	C	" After we unite her , " Mom said .
tr	O	" Take him out , " Mai encourages with a fake sort of cockiness .
tr	C	Alicia replied , G breaking his stare to watch four foreigners bearing the United States Resistance flag take flight .
tr	C	She needed to specify how much she burned to avenge her friend 's death .
tr	O	" Search again , " the commander directed .
tr	C	Her hair was in its usual regal bun , and her makeup had been carefully applied in an effort to conceal the peril of her skin .
tr	O	" And goodbye to you , too , " Jo spewed , sitting down next to me and showing off the goodies on her plate .
tr	O	We are contacting her now , and she should be in touch in a few days .
tr	O	And you could ask the question , what are the particles that make up protons or electrons made up of ?
tr	O	Chapter 14 - Traveling day Early the next morning , Amy and Suzanna were the first to arrive to the stagecoach .
tr	O	Adam probably did commit the arson .
tr	O	Trigger probably expected to perch on the grounds all night , perhaps relocating several times .
tr	C	" What , a sighting ? "
tr	O	You 've strayed from it and debased yourself .
tr	O	Now , I want you to tell me how to control this behemoth before I stick my swords in your gut . "
tr	C	" Where 'd you find the bale ? "
tr	O	But we needed to get someone who had a file here in order to avoid arousing too much suspicion .
tr	C	How do you keep going , how do you keep moving forward despite the critics and finer and even violence against you ?
tr	O	When it comes to creating , the sponsors are willing to write big checks .
tr	O	My imagination was on overdrive .
tr	O	Everyone was silent as their eyes clashed - his narrowing , hers widening .
tr	C	She tried to remember her cameraman .
tr	C	I even gave you an ice pack before I left for work yesterday to help with the certificate . "
tr	O	Maybe it 's this merger or something like that .
tr	C	" Thank you , " Gretchen said , noticing a sign at the desk reminded all guests to pronounce the premises by eight in the morning .
tr	O	Nevertheless , Cranston wanted to evidence the full regret , as measured by the building voltage .
tr	O	His girl was in trouble with the things in the rift , just as Earl feared .
tr	C	An ' I ' entity plus the flirtation of this entity plus everything external which could act as a stimulus .
tr	C	He expelled a quiet sound of propriety , then rolled back over to his side of the bed .
tr	C	He laughed out loud at that , his eyes sparking .
tr	O	The next day , Misty accompanied Domenico to a meeting with his investigators .
tr	O	Follow this with a series of bomb blasts , especially the Fort Hood Test of 1957 .
tr	C	He backs away from me and obsess over the body .
tr	O	" He is sequestered with Liliana . "
tr	O	Claire placed both of her palms facedown on the bed and looked at Ryan .
tr	O	He knew he 'd put her on the spot , and he could practically read the indecision on her face .
tr	C	A minute later , Balthasar and his Florentine companion were crossing the bombing of San Clemente .
tr	C	His pain began to ignite and thinking about a plan of action was much easier .
tr	O	" How many supernaturals are there compared to humans ? "
tr	C	In that moment , he would have given up the last rites of his humanity to do as she wished .
tr	C	All we were going to do was sleep and her job was more important than watching us disembark .
tr	C	There was no point in brimming over that now anyway , we still didn 't even know what Hunter 's condition was going to be .
tr	O	The young one said , ' I 'm going to run down there and have me one of those beauties . '
tr	O	" About circuits and baseball and ... other stuff .
tr	C	Their clinch was true ... their philanthropy gracious .
tr	C	The second lesson is to coordinate your speed with your rig , so that you 're never in danger of crashing . "
tr	O	A household 's got its own spooks , and it ain 't for strangers to come bullying in to exorcise them .
tr	C	" Why do you even bother showering me if you 're just going to do what you want anyway ? "
tr	O	Robert looked the other way and saw a figure emerge from the hulking , flaming form .
tr	O	The croak was soon answered by another farther off .
tr	C	Elyssa stirred her deceit and looked seriously impressed .
tr	O	" Oh , what nice speeches ! "
tr	O	Of course , the girls made a bee line to hug him and drool all over him .
tr	O	I 'd never had that kind before , but it was supposedly one of the local brews .
tr	C	I think this could influence his appetite and method for transferring information . "
tr	C	Perhaps you would like to share with everyone any mistrust you 've had whilst being here . '
tr	O	At its centre was the ' dentist 's chair , ' I recognised it straight away - just as Davila had promised I would .
tr	O	Of course , no somersault could stop me from eating the delicious chicken .
tr	C	The forefathers were simple , shaped like the tip of a sword .
tr	C	The car surfaces along a water pipe but we squeeze through and skid into a broad street lined with tall trees .
tr	C	Her gaze skimmed to the lines someone had asserted .
tr	O	I reapplied my chocolate eye shadow and liner and towel dried my damp hair .
tr	O	This was just a lark .
tr	O	Dirt has overtaken the grass .
tr	C	' With sheep , you cum !
tr	O	" Get off or I 'll tell the Lord to glue yer lips together ! "
tr	O	For if it 's to be , my days are finally numbered . "
tr	C	The winners of the melody banished the discordant PIL album from his mind .
tr	C	They appeared as simple decor in a quickly darkening setting .
tr	O	The waiter arrived to take their order and Zoe was grateful for the reprieve .
tr	C	He gave a knowing grin to his descendants and the audience cheered again .
tr	C	It was a complex process , like trying to unravel a deadpan .
tr	C	- However , there has been no reclaiming this time .
tr	C	I try a smile , too ; it feels slow and heavy on my face , like heroin .
tr	C	" You 're a very rude man , John , shoot him in the left kidney please ! "
tr	C	By now , Katarina had probably realized I left the city and had her buyers searching for me in the forest .
tr	O	" I wondered if I could trouble you for some salve for Angus 's chest .
tr	O	' You can 't glue them in when they 're still fat , or didn 't you know that ?
tr	C	She dives her arms with her hands while I make a beeline for the oversized cabin .
tr	O	Gaius frowned , visibly disturbed by the memory of leaving behind the child he 'd sired .
tr	O	I am directly influencing you .
tr	C	At some minions they 'd have had to pull the canoe through the high weeds to get to deep water again .
tr	O	The wind washes over me like a soft hand alternately caressing and cajoling me .
tr	C	" I cannot fully avoid not going on business trips , but I assure you , I will declare my travels as much as I can .
tr	C	Ito wondered what Ranma was grinning at , and then felt his staff canteen and crack in his hands .
tr	C	" My father and I designed a vicar very similar to this . "
tr	O	But what caught the Prince 's eye was the Cathedral .
tr	O	" Arm like a rifle , as long as the pitcher gets out of the way . "
tr	O	Jack swiped an onion ring from my plate , and I snatched one of his fries .
tr	O	And as much as she hated to admit it , Dominic 's willingness to accept part of the blame surprised and impressed her .
tr	O	Probably not since the last time I took you shopping , so you are long overdue for a makeover .
tr	C	I would do nothing to cause you shame or dehydration . "
tr	C	He grabbed a stick from the ground began to rub the tip of it against a nearby tree , favoring it to a point .
tr	C	I was the gymnasium .
tr	C	" Cowardly women that they are with no operatives at all , promising us men our greatest joy of all a fine life in the ocean .
tr	O	This was going to be the best vacation in the history of vacations .
tr	O	I think the wedding stuff is stressing him out . "
tr	O	" Between the two of you , you make one good swordsman .
tr	C	I ain 't talkin ' bout no black magic so you can put it whoosh ' your head .
tr	C	It looked like a fishing vessel , with bulbs strung over the sides and poles jutting up from the hull .
tr	O	Konstantin had explained in detail how all the equipment worked : about the explosive charges , about the radio transmitters , about the giant silo doors .
tr	O	" I think we 're really bonding here .
tr	O	It hurts to move even a micro millimeter .
tr	C	' I suppose I have , ' I agreed , and relied on her .
tr	C	A family heirloom , or a coup , or a brush with some hair in it , something like that . "
tr	C	He moved his finger along her folds , up and down , the gentle , teasing caress nearly causing her to wriggle off the counter .
tr	O	Being a prisoner in the Colonies was not a comfortable circumstance .
tr	C	The attack came by sundown and they came in the house before any alarm could be sounded .
tr	C	And with that , he pours over onto his desk .
tr	C	- Yeah , right , Linking Park as a pentagram .
tr	O	She nodded and rolled up the sleeves of her coveralls .
tr	C	Right now , the removal company owns whatever it can find under the ground . "
tr	C	Green , leafy vines decorating with pink flowers entwine around the throne and up the trees that grow in the room .
tr	O	Grasping her wine glass , she chugged down the rest in one long swallow .
tr	O	The thud and squeak of his soles carried him back to 1990 , back to that sultry September day when life shimmered with possibilities .
tr	O	This meant a sojourn to the east , which , to her dismay , met a similar result .
tr	O	I checked with your professors , who told me you 'd been missing classes .
tr	O	" You 're the one who put that other pair of panties in my jockey box . "
tr	C	' We 've sustained the perimeter and can confirm that the number of guards is accurate . '
tr	O	Appearing to the delegates as Marlon 's apprentice is just a cover for why you have any power at all .
tr	O	They would be more like mercenaries . "
tr	O	I covered my mouth to smother a sob .
tr	C	Ain 't Deke 's fault his mom and dad turned out a bad ' cha . "
tr	O	Some conversed and Auron gazed at the city streets .
tr	O	Yes , it haunts me , but it doesn 't rule me .
tr	O	" I didn 't say it was possible , " Gansey replied , not looking up from his splint .
tr	C	I looked down at the last elections but at that moment I heard or felt an ungodly roar from somewhere near the altar .
tr	C	" We could be a dueling pair !
tr	C	Stunned and delighted , I simply enjoyed the experience to the baker .
tr	O	He withdraws that finger and slips it into his mouth , licking it clean before he lays it across his lips and says , " Shh . "
tr	O	Art galleries , designer clothing and jewelry boutiques and famous chefs ' restaurants lined the sidewalks , alternating old-world charm with more modern architecture .
tr	C	No-one made a sound while she slowly started up the interwoven branches at the top .
tr	C	" I think it looks aggravated and elegant . "
tr	C	She met her father 's slashing look of horror and awe .
tr	C	A cacophony of men gathered around them like a massive human shield of protection , but Celia managed to spot them through the crowd .
tr	C	A boy , the commercials say , was brought to the orphanage in the dead of night .
tr	C	He 'd worked hard to learn the rules of doing business with humans , but there could be a whole other set of rules for personal e-mails .
tr	O	" She seeks a more favorable bargaining position .
tr	C	There was a cacophony outside and only half the theatre was full .
tr	C	Then his mind revved full speed ahead in verifying facts from the past two days .
tr	C	He said , " Heal him with vampirism , Moon Dance , and then return him to mortality with the gazebo . "
tr	C	Cat gets pregnant for the first time , then has a granola .
tr	C	' When will I appear on your protein ? '
tr	C	Had Rufus gotten the FBI call as a way to ratchet up the pressure on me to take care of Nettie on my home wrecker ?
tr	O	The book that had been on the lectern hung in the air , upside down .
tr	O	He walks over to Katarina , still wielding the blade .
tr	O	" The young pup was always arguing with me about the utilities , too .
tr	C	She knew the cashier , and she knew the islands .
tr	O	But he brought down one of the laboratory assistants .
tr	O	Even if he didn 't have a cent to his name women would still be falling all over him .
tr	C	And if Brian can say you can 't take calls from anyone , this nut will have no reason to think he 's being shipped out . "
tr	O	These bring a sudden and devastating alteration to the landscape , causing fear and panic .
tr	C	The boy had adopted a haughty demeanor to deal with detachment like me .
tr	C	It is still your medals , its just been ... enhanced .
tr	O	The devastation was widespread .
tr	C	Why don 't I just coexist with you the way I 've learned all of my fighting techniques ? "
tr	O	Gradually the crowd realised somebody was being introduced and Hugo wasn 't attempting to inspire a celebration conga line .
tr	O	" I 'm not dancing , " I argue , cringing .
tr	C	His face darkened and twitched with damask and I caught a glimpse of the killer he tried to hide .
tr	C	" If he 's in the chopsticks . "
tr	O	There was no window , though set in the ceiling was a grilled ventilator that made a steady sighing noise .
tr	C	" You 're wrecking a national monument ! "
tr	C	The solution to the entrepreneur .
tr	O	he queried , setting his forearms on his thighs .
tr	O	She took me in , noticing that I 'd flat ironed my hair and was wearing stilettos too high and sexy for business .
tr	C	Once we know their destination , we 'll inflict on them and begin plucking cattle for our freezers , " he added .
tr	O	If she knew something then her father probably did as well , and he was the one who started the idea of evacuating .
tr	O	The nobleman called out as they came closer .
tr	O	Like you , I enjoy puttering in the kitchen on occasion . "
tr	C	The mouth-watering aroma of baking cinnamon croissants and frying bacon greeted him , made his stomach grumble loudly .
tr	O	" I can 't believe you don 't do the pick-up here , " she said , evidently no longer giving him the silent treatment .
tr	C	She 'd been scouting .
tr	O	He had a immediate source for sexual gratification , extra income from Patricia 's paycheck and someone to see to his every need .
tr	O	He wears white robes like all the others and does not have any of our tattoos but something tells me he trains with us .
tr	C	He had a brain fart , some say he smoked too much and that that ´ s what caused it .
tr	O	Still , I know I just passed two initiation tests : I got on a moving train , and I made it to the roof .
tr	C	They would have been alone and lost without him in a world where nothing was left but leisure and loneliness .
tr	O	Leather , spice , mint .
tr	C	Travelling by trend had already lost its novelty .
tr	O	Tom gave a hurried summary , then said , " Going east would be the worst thing to do .
tr	O	A pair of thrones sat in the center of the glade , shafts of sunlight streaming down on them from above .
tr	O	" I would love to dance with you , sir , it 's always the highlight of my evening . "
tr	O	Synthetic Cubism is a variation of the earlier Analytical phase .
tr	C	" I will not have anyone who glows under my rule defy me . "
tr	C	And he did snore that air of power and privilege at times .
tr	C	When they were done , the laird ordered the seconds to leave the ring .
tr	O	The air was muggy with steam and heavy with spice .
tr	O	He found himself sitting within the very heart of language , in the white-hot furnace of essential speech .
tr	O	As far as the family were concerned , he was wanted for murder and was a fugitive from the law .
tr	C	I have no headway with you .
tr	O	He charged across the plateau toward the opposite canyon .
tr	C	The place is an ultimatum , dwarfed by 30 years of commercial development around it .
tr	C	" So you know that for your first task you will be snooping said lion .
tr	C	Without friend or hinge .
tr	O	Selena asked as she followed him and wondered if even though he didn 't drive , he might be a closet mechanic .
tr	O	Bod thought , then he smiled , momentarily , and it lit his face like the flash of a lightbulb .
tr	O	Not that we Mortals have a reason to care . "
tr	C	Some said that they had been the pebble of Jesse James .
tr	O	My body shatters as I come .
tr	C	And it sort of tickles the purpose of being a spy if you tell everyone that 's what you are . "
tr	C	' Yeah , yeah , that 's all good , ' said Ryan , feeling that Tristram was starting to whack .
tr	O	" But , although you may not comprehend us , you must take note of our Warning . "
tr	C	" Finally we have begun the very hourglass that will have our names sung throughout the ages ! "
tr	O	It 's like this old marsh here means something for all of us . "
tr	C	Sally had been off delivering vegetables : beef pies I think .
tr	O	Standing , she shrugged out of her yellow and black parka and shook the melting snow free with efficient snaps of the wrist .
tr	C	Blake felt like he was standing on the edge of the oars , and one step in the wrong direction would send him tumbling over the cliff .
tr	C	This morning she had stale instant coffee with yellow canned milk ; he had instant balm , with mother 's milk .
tr	O	" Here we go , " he murmured as they topped the steep incline and a house came into view .
tr	C	Gabriel 's mouth was open as the scream tried to find a way through his clenched vocal cords .
tr	O	We will have helicopters stationed near active tracking grounds , ready for quick transport back to the landing strip .
tr	O	Besides , despite all our group dinners , it was nice just to have the two of us hang out .
tr	C	He has the microphones turned up to the façade , so he can hear anything we might whisper to each other . "
tr	C	He landed flat on the Source 's edge .
tr	C	George came to the natives and nuzzled my hand .
tr	O	It didn 't take me long to find the procedure for drawing blood , and Elizabeth wasn 't kidding about avoiding getting air into your bloodstream .
tr	O	Tents clustered in groups around the pines , and the air was cool and shaded , smelling of sap and loam .
tr	C	He could literally break apart the nets in his body and move through solid objects .
tr	O	The bedroom window had a wood frame and the glass was streaked with soot .
tr	O	" I didn 't know butlers had wings , " I said , still staring at them .
tr	C	His persistence , Haley , had called and left a message from him to pick up dinner .
tr	O	She could sit comfortably and probe under the building with the flashlight .
tr	C	He 's a very experienced veteran and tactician who very rarely goes out into the field .
tr	C	Now you have to convince an army of bureaucrats that it is safe for folly .
tr	O	Just two years , and I 'll have Christmas and summers off .
tr	O	Where he was once a popular and noble hunter , now he was an anomaly .
tr	O	" You kick me one more time , and I swear I will launch every missile from this jet straight up your ass , " Eric said .
tr	C	By the time Case finished the account , gargoyles was ready to jump in .
tr	O	Any protest in Anglo-Saxon was waved away , though desperate pleas for clemency in grammatically unsound schoolboy Spanish were graciously applauded and then duly unacknowledged .
tr	O	She diverted her eyes back to her newspaper .
tr	C	Ryland had given us the details only hours before our reconnaissance assignment .
tr	O	' Do you think you remember the story well enough to be able to recite it for us ? '
tr	O	Sometimes it shakes and sometimes it splits and you can fall into a crack .
tr	C	He began pulling a metal appliances out of the pile .
tr	O	Why were these two well-liked , upstanding citizens making off like outlaws ?
tr	C	" Find the victor , find the murderer . "
tr	C	It was like trying to find a needle in a paintbrush .
tr	C	They 'll have converged and moved on with their lives .
tr	C	She was angry that he would dare to glean something that he knew nothing about .
tr	O	A pang of guilt jabbed him swift and hard at the thought of Warren quickly dousing the desire he 'd felt seconds earlier .
tr	C	" What are we here to snag on ? "
tr	C	The examples just wasn 't going to stop .
tr	O	I found my scissors , and I pulled my hair back into a high ponytail and started to chop through it - " Sam gaped at me .
tr	C	" I would die by my own hand before being mended by you .
tr	O	The small room was wreathed in flickering light and draped in evergreen .
tr	O	Monty had only told me she had gotten a ride home from a classmate .
tr	C	It then sent a message to the radiance about the Infants and the Forgotten Ones .
tr	C	" Haw , lettuce .
tr	O	We had quite the aspirin budget here .
tr	C	Snow was disappearing in every direction , and at times he was awakening in water .
tr	C	None of the applications had any need of light to find their way .
tr	O	" Most guys like girls with blonde hair , blue eyes , skinny waists ... " My voice trailed off .
tr	C	" Four men , one of them of course Vinnie , came shooting out of the windpipe like they were on fire .
tr	C	* * * The troops soon arrived near the dry streambed and the exposed boulders , which dampened the entrance to the coven .
tr	O	I thought about all of the possible outcomes that could take place , which would involve my parents finding out that I had snuck out .
tr	C	He had the classic rugged cowboy look that she 'd always glossed over .
tr	C	Just looking at it brought on her quills .
tr	O	Dane like lightening , swung his blade nearly disarming Ethan of his .
tr	O	Feeling obliged to find out where Phil will end up and keen to see if my calculations are correct , I too head towards the door .
tr	O	A tear and hole punched in the headrest .
tr	O	I welcomed Todd 's generosity , but feel as if I 'm overstaying my welcome . "
tr	C	Anyway , he was not able to make any inclination either , he thought .
tr	O	Two of the others are trying frantically to corner a goose , which is doing its best to evade them , honking in irritation all the while .
tr	C	When I touched it as well , I could feel the soft whiteness of new leaves fuzzy against my chilled palms .
tr	C	Amarillo International was a small airport , not able to handle the jumbo jets but several planes from four different icons came and went during the week .
tr	C	It was a crib .
tr	C	Still , the invaders were some of the best programmer I 've ever seen .
tr	O	Rocks and twigs prodded her soles .
tr	C	That would be a good dent .
tr	O	' I 'm gutted , ' Danny said not able to look at her .
tr	O	" He would provoke a sleeping bear .
tr	O	But these women are innocent and they shan 't confess to a crime they didn 't commit because they are afraid of the damnation of their souls .
tr	O	What he wouldn 't give for a surplus of money .
tr	O	In an excruciating barrage , the memories assaulted her relentlessly .
tr	O	All I want you to do , you men , is to get the van loaded with the platinum .
tr	C	' What 's her attraction to rabbits ? '
tr	C	A hazy skyline appeared in her mind .
tr	O	" We 'll be snowed in within hours .
tr	O	' You shouldn 't really have tampered with them , you know . ' '
tr	C	He had salt and pepper hair and wore a black cashmere sweater and matching slacks .
tr	O	" The weather reflects my emotions , and how I am feeling at a particular period of time .
tr	O	Clementine said , " Don 't ya mean zigzag ? "
tr	O	She was being consoled by another woman , younger , who was also upset .
tr	O	In return , because she loved and accepted him , she 'd reciprocate by letting him go .
tr	O	Castle Jaden was well renowned for her defensive wards , and one of them prevented him from shifting or sidestepping in .
tr	C	After a patent pause , the door buzzed open .
tr	C	A few minutes after she arrived , some more oranges came into the hall , leading in a couple of the hotel 's security guards .
tr	O	The screws screeched , having probably been in place for years in the weather , and never removed .
tr	C	Maybe I was a cul-de-sac , but I was nowhere near being able to take on someone like her sister .
tr	C	Don 't let the antics fool you . "
tr	C	Like the shores of an earthquake , everything seemed just a little off-kilter .
tr	O	When he was alive , his motto had been , " keep moving . "
tr	C	" So every one of those people in the hel are Marks ? "
tr	O	The cab was dressed in a blue velvet substance and satin curtains were hung from inside to give privacy to the occupant .
tr	O	" The spaceship that flew off , you saw it didn 't you ?
tr	C	I glance up at the charmer who is reading through the references , and then lean my mouth close to her ear .
tr	C	She turned off the hair dryer and laid it on the theatre with the brush .
tr	O	he protested , seeing that Laurence was not speaking in jest .
tr	C	The cloth supposedly wrapped around Christ when he was assuaged , with his image , his blood , imprinted upon it .
tr	C	She just hacked away .
tr	O	Men and their impossible ambitions .
tr	C	" No terrorists needed . "
tr	O	' But we 're bound for the coasts of Kush ! '
tr	O	You think he 's just a pushover teddy bear , but he 's vicious , I tell you .
tr	O	He found a buyer .
tr	C	I already knew what happened in the end of this Adventure .
tr	C	Jessica cast around for another black shape in the air or on the ground , but her beam found nothing but a few stray splashes .
tr	C	It 's right off the airlock on her return route . "
tr	C	I might be able to find another one of those stools .
tr	O	Went on a rampage and hurt ten people before the cops arrested him . "
tr	C	I dropped a few of my things into the trunk and assisted my passport .
tr	C	The acreage behind this event dropped during dessert .
tr	O	When he turns and catches me watching him , he smirks .
tr	C	He closed the donkey and set it down on the glass coffee table .
tr	C	" I haven 't made a stripper !
tr	C	And whatever hurdles I was feeling , I knew Jax was feeling a hundred times worse .
tr	O	Her makeup looked a cheap travesty after Sylvia 's subtly applied art , the face of a painted whore .
tr	O	Preston kicked at a fragment of broken asphalt in the road .
tr	O	It was the first time in his life he had a feeling of self-worth .
tr	C	" Take good care of Nadia , musk .
tr	O	He and his mother walked back down the knoll to the small stream Pete Turner told them to follow .
tr	O	A team of engineers had worked around the clock , finishing only two days earlier .
tr	O	She crossed her right leg over her left , crinkling her grey pantsuit .
tr	C	He ´ s popular , but sometimes he thinks it ´ s part of his musket .
tr	O	I glanced around and noticed the small cooler with bottles of water and the tray that held a sandwich , a granola bar , and an apple .
tr	O	A blossom of red light appeared in the night sky , quickly fading away to black smoke .
tr	C	It would make me a very happy man to have you as a molecule . "
tr	O	I thought you were in your forties . "
tr	O	He dispatched a note with a plan to the place where Maurice and Julian were positioned to launch an attack on the statue of Saint Matthew .
tr	C	I illuminate all matters dealing with our trade and communication with the people of Keystone .
tr	O	Those are grenades ! ' '
tr	O	" He is a scavenger and not The Chosen of the Gods . "
tr	C	Anyway , if you 're a gymnast with a chance of winning Olympic gold , you do not go snow embankment .
tr	O	They sparkled with such blue radiance that every time she looked at them , she wasn 't sure she 'd ever be able to look away .
tr	C	" Alan brought word that Robert and a small party will arrive in a politician .
tr	O	But when a thing has to be attempted , one must never think about possibility or impossibility .
tr	O	The doctor listens as I tell her about the hallucination , the memory .
tr	C	" I have a monstrosity next week for the baby , " my wife says .
tr	O	My access rig is really olden , totally external .
tr	O	I showed him my hunting certificate and the list of equipment I was bringing in .
tr	O	Emma retrieves her cell from her purse and clicks on Ethan 's number .
tr	C	' You 'll have me exploding if I don 't take a whoosh . '
tr	C	At the search vector , it took all of Jolene 's upper-body strength to descend evenly in the sketchbook .
tr	O	In all the movies , new students get assigned mentors or helpers their first day .
tr	O	She drew a sharpened stick from her satchel and handed it to Kane to chisel the ice .
tr	O	One The oyster shell gravel crunched beneath the worn tires of Caroline 's Jeep Cherokee as she pulled into the long driveway of the huge plantation home .
tr	C	My knuckles connected with the top portion of his berth .
tr	O	Christophe yelled as loud as his feeble vocal chords would let him .
tr	C	Two letters that had tissue papers featuring a certain someone 's house .
tr	O	Mai announces after contemplating a moment herself .
tr	C	" About the fledgling , " he clarifies .
tr	C	I drift during the magistrate 's closing arguments .
tr	O	I 'm an upstanding citizen who follows orders and obeys the rules .
tr	C	The ivy trailed behind looking put-upon .
tr	C	" And you didn 't subdue her ?
tr	C	Instead of focusing on the negative , she worked quickly to rearrange things up .
tr	C	What the hell is that memo ? "
tr	O	Thought it might be a herd of buffalo .
tr	O	I looked like I 'd been through the ringer and hung out to dry .
tr	O	I backed the rover up to the trailer and attached the tow clamps .
tr	O	" With a direct passage to his mistress 's chambers , hmm ? "
tr	C	The waiter refilled their headstones with champagne .
tr	C	When Dakota saw them , he came running over , and right behind him was a cinnamon colored rooster .
tr	O	Jack was tied to a chair , a wooden one on rollers .
tr	C	She wasn 't just an obsessive neat freak who hated dinosaurs .
tr	O	Adelia proudly relinquished it .
tr	O	Apparently the opposing factions in the Battle for Sutton Drive-In had found the beached boat made for good cover .
tr	C	" Yo ... yo ... yo ... wha ... Come with me .
tr	O	The grin on his face said he 'd been bluffing , but he now knew how accurate he was .
tr	O	All those in favor , say aye . "
tr	O	Hank reacted by unscrewing the flask and taking yet another nice long drink from it .
tr	C	" Unfortunately , I just finished listening to a detailed account of a child prostitution , abuse , and sexual assault from thirty-five years ago .
tr	O	He didn 't expect an answer to his night time rant , nor did he really want one .
tr	C	Girls chased after him like flies to honey , despite that mop head of hair he fixes .
tr	O	" When I tap into a vortex , my mind expands and I become aware of the thoughts and emotions of those around me .
tr	O	High above , the cabin door stood open like a tiny puncture wound on the side of a gargantuan silver whale .
tr	C	" If we can do a flight of clouds , Holiness will be formed that would get us higher , " Sunday said .
tr	C	I put it under a stronger lamp to see if I was missing something in the printer .
tr	O	Nilo jabbed a little communicator device strapped to his wrist .
tr	C	The summons has chased the last sightings of sleep from my mind as I worry what the duchess wishes of me .
tr	C	If I were left alone in this house , I 'd head for the monks . "
tr	O	" Phase one is complete : we 've procured the crystal .
tr	O	I just wanted to congratulate you . "
tr	O	His chateau was on the ridge east of Lake Winnebago , and his vines descended the hill towards the lake in carefully managed terraces .
tr	C	" Well , y ' yeh see it , " he repeated , sounding defensive this time .
tr	C	Mr. Jeffs began removing the old laundry baskets and telling me about some second-hand ' like new ' tubs he might be able to get for me .
tr	O	That allegiance certainly hadn 't kept one vampire from betraying Sofie .
tr	O	Drew took the lead , afraid instead of leading them out he was leading them back in , but kept his anxieties to himself .
tr	O	His hard , set features flashed in and out of sight as we passed under cones of streetlight .
tr	C	Jodie gave him the form for the memorial service , scribbled in the department 's account code , and initialed the form .
tr	O	Terra turned away as the new and raw emotion of terror for the children hit her with numbing precision .
tr	O	I dunk her skull into the barbed pointy wires , again , not sticking , but hearing .
tr	C	This traitor was no rebuttal .
tr	C	He had already popped the bombing , pulling two glasses out before I had a chance to refuse .
tr	C	A cry tore out of her , but it wasn 't edged in pain , and her walls clenched around his shaft in reincarnation instead of tension .
tr	C	Sybil went on to detail his and Kayla 's chirp in the Caymans despite his recent denials that anything romantic was going on .
tr	C	You know we 've been working on finalizing the newspaper obituary .
tr	O	" The warden was letting the wolf track me and Olivia .
tr	C	I finished my angry dispute with a stifled yawn .
tr	C	When he returned to their bedroom , she 'd thrown off the towel and was on all fours again , injecting low as she battled the pain .
tr	O	Moonlight bathed her , shining around her pale head like a halo .
tr	C	It gets no shift tack for its twenty four hour cover , with no coffee breaks or holidays .
tr	C	He must have been near already ; there was no way the workers could have floored him that quickly .
tr	O	the man answered , looking at his cellphone .
tr	C	Water lapped against the side of the yacht , reflections rippling off the midwife .
tr	C	I might 've researched our marriage knowing that . "
tr	O	" There 's a fine line between showing concern and butting in , and this situation is right on it . "
tr	O	" He wanted to see how dark and light he could get the petals and stems on the same plant .
tr	C	Being around him seemed as dangerous as playing with protein by a fire .
tr	C	" Before you ask , I trekked to make sure that everything is okay with his diet . "
tr	C	She removed her straw bale to readjust her hair and Huw leaned over and touched a strand of her hair to push it away from her brow .
tr	O	The slaver stood up quickly , as though embarrassed , and produced a rope from his belt with several leather collars strung along its length .
tr	O	Then a series of rollers pound against my back as I slip over them .
tr	C	he pressed , having trouble hooking his amusement .
tr	C	I don 't want to have to recuperate for another dishwasher .
tr	C	Her parents hadn 't loved each other when they 'd first conceived , that had come later , and they 'd been lucky to find it .
tr	C	A private yacht would be in order -- something to cruise around in without the crew , a little something packed full of guardians .
tr	O	He heard already a singing in his ears , and noticed that despite his labour there was no sweat on his forehead .
tr	O	People can sometimes fight through those and if they do ... well , then it 's off to re-education . "
tr	O	" Marcus has never felt that way about ... halfs . "
tr	O	" Twist to the left , " said CLEO .
tr	C	" We cannot have two combatants , Mistral , " Frost said .
tr	O	He had a sudden urge to nibble her ear , but resisted .
tr	O	The man leapt aside gracefully , dodging the spray of filth and gore that spilled from the monster .
tr	O	I and my forefathers ? "
tr	C	An attempt to revisit some energy into our placid lives .
tr	C	As she started to comfort her classmate , Kennedy whispered , " Some lies are blessings , " and she understood what he meant .
tr	O	When she returned , he stood at the dining room table , holding silverware , staring at the plates .
tr	C	Their time together had been a brief summary .
tr	O	That meant if the British wanted to arrest him they would have to go through the kerfuffle of obtaining a European Arrest Warrant .
tr	O	He felt whole and complete , well-loved , his body saturated with pleasure so that with each thrust he came closer to a serious explosion .
tr	O	" Oh , for crying out loud , working here beats hauling sacks at the feed store , doesn 't it ? "
tr	C	We ought to have been building permits , he thought .
tr	C	He gaped at her in wonder , not knowing quite what to say to this donation before him .
tr	C	He looked at Sundown , who had yet to forfeit .
tr	O	There was a reception after the show , where guests , designers , and models could mingle over refreshments .
tr	O	Within minutes I am burning up such a sweat that I unwrap myself and chuck my hat and scarf on the floor .
tr	O	Maybe she was dead because of her association with the Daughters of Persephone .
tr	C	You are a far better person than I ever hope to be and I would not only be honored to be your husband , but eternally condemned .
tr	C	A lot of the bands around here are great , but they 've got a tiny pixie .
tr	C	The blood lilies were hard to avoid so she didn 't and her feet left smudged prints in the sticky black mess .
tr	O	The timer sounded , interrupting my dark , guilty thoughts and saving me from answering her question .
tr	C	Jon greeted Mike with his traditional commando .
tr	C	The Templars didn 't seem like the type of men to modify a card room .
tr	O	Despite their cowardice the night before , the townsfolk saw us off , and a few asked if I 'd let them enlist .
tr	C	Now it truly was like a pixie .
tr	O	Top hats were common among the boys and so were frock coats and scarves .
tr	O	His gaze collides with mine and a flicker of safeness rises inside me , but it only makes me ache more .
tr	O	They made a ton of money on poppers . "
tr	O	I fought against the emotion brimming within me .
tr	C	My love for knitting is similar to my mother-in-law 's preoccupation with her soap operas .
tr	O	That kind of conflict was what my kind thrived on .
tr	O	" Whose clothes am I borrowing ? "
tr	C	She barely had time to register his oldest brother broadcasting a laugh before Kyle 's mouth touched hers .
tr	O	The moon was behind clouds , the velvet dark sky pricked here and there with stars , dulled by a sheen of cloud .
tr	O	He traced her shoulder and arm , before entwining his fingers with hers .
tr	C	Shut out the noise through underbrush . "
tr	O	She reaches the battlements and turns round .
tr	C	Not quantum physics or theories of criticism or the paintings of Picasso or the process by which children were inoculated with germs to protect them from disease .
tr	O	Horses never give a damn if I have labels on my clothes .
tr	C	It 's like another patron of the same diamond , if you will .
tr	O	I 've got people standing by to intercept and keep you safe , Calhoun .
tr	O	She motioned for the others to follow her to a maintenance door under a bright mercury lamp .
tr	O	" So , did I ace the test or fail dismally ? "
tr	C	" duh , " Brigid spat .
tr	C	That 's the creative cycle , a basic but very powerful spell for gathering and wielding magic .
tr	C	" Friday , we 'll talk to Longshot about the noodles , " I said , changing the subject .
tr	O	I will not indulge in a pissing contest with you to appease your curiosity .
tr	O	We ran two blocks , coming to a stop behind a dark house with an assortment of trash and broken toys in the backyard .
tr	O	Not the practical , nice workaholic who put everybody else first .
tr	O	" I had a virgin margarita . "
tr	C	His opening speech was what truly laid the scarves for the prosecution case .
tr	C	A mist had begun to form in the street when , five minutes later , he emerged in a differing grammar .
tr	O	We need to know if anyone receives a package from him in the next day or two . "
tr	O	He wanted to save her , but feared his action would somehow condemn himself .
tr	C	They charged by so close to Noll 's hiding spot he could see the sweat on their red faces and hear the makers of their breathing .
tr	O	His tone was beautiful , a pure cadence that soothed her into a trusting state .
tr	O	" In my opinion , both sides of these violent confrontations were cut from the same mould .
tr	C	She had elegant , classical features , assisted by the sparkle of warmth from her people-oriented personality .
tr	O	Lana was matter-of-fact , as if she knew I needed steadiness not sympathy .
tr	C	Verity undressed and slid naked into her favorite pool , a hot bath that smelled strongly of therapeutic remedies .
tr	O	Beast immediately crawls into my lap .
tr	O	Even the roots which have invaded the building , the sewers and pipes .
tr	O	It was the garrison of three hundred ninety-six Virgin Soldiers ; three hundred sixty of them Girls in Red .
tr	C	Soon water was streaking into the canal .
tr	O	He made a short grocery list then headed out the door to run by the bank , the post office , and the supermarket .
tr	O	The menu of a DVD was on loop , the instrumental song starting over every twenty seconds .
tr	C	Or , more accurately , I felt like a freaky , nearly invincible , ravishing creature of the night who will probably never sniff a million bucks .
tr	C	If it weren 't for the squiggly lines on the monitor and the roars , I might have thought I was too late .
tr	O	Gabriel searched for clothes as the barber helped his father from the tub .
tr	O	Wesley and I will reset the systems for takeoff . "
tr	O	My detour has raised all sorts of variables and problems with time travel that had not previously occurred to me .
tr	C	An icicle stabbed me in the arm .
tr	C	Truthfully , Georgia had done much of the work , but she preferred to remain in the background , whereas Will enjoyed the halter .
tr	O	Angkor Wat , literally " City Temple , " is not only the largest temple in the Angkor complex , but the largest religious monument in existence .
tr	C	" We have , " he said , and it almost seemed as though he was about to ram with mirth .
tr	O	" That 's right , you weren 't born yet when your father met his misfortune . "
tr	O	' Families are all set .
tr	C	I sat up , yanking out my earphones .
tr	O	Solaris faced me , brows knitted .
tr	C	I 've spent months hibernating and destroying the creatures he summoned ; that is why I 've sometimes been so absent . "
tr	O	" You modeled your Councils after Olympus , with each Council having a leader , so to speak .
tr	O	His eyes were shuttered , emotion carefully hidden beneath a veneer of contempt .
tr	C	They were already plotting their campaign to bring the killings together .
tr	C	I was the one who had marvelled at Jackson watching me , and now I was the one mooning over him .
tr	O	We begin a song of friendship and renewal .
tr	C	" This will sound kind of strange , I know , " I cautioned , before venturing into the initial stories .
tr	O	Yachts and sailboats were moored in their slips , rocking slightly in the breeze .
tr	C	He drew even with the stoplight .
tr	C	In summary , together together .
tr	O	You 'd never guess that he was suffering a bad case of burnout .
tr	C	As soon as she was seated , a map was pulled out and the information on the situation yielded to the team .
tr	C	The looks from the rest of the halfs made it clear they just wanted to hear it , whatever it was .
tr	C	He spoke of his tough training , his work ethic , his faith in God , and how they resorted to his on-field success .
tr	O	The amount of cyanide in the air was staggering .
tr	C	I got dressed into my black stockings and matching black thermal , before throwing black hoody on over top .
tr	C	Walls enveloped me as I stepped onto the stair behind her and began my descent into the coolness of the ship once more .
tr	O	Wilbur removed the wheel chocks to free the bird from its birthplace .
tr	O	People see a façade , project what they want onto it .
tr	C	But instead of scowling , Veronica bit into her strange new sandwich before also restoring it " Fit for the angel I used to be ! "
tr	C	Since they 're guests , I let Marie and Carrie play the first game while I go upstairs and raid the kitchen for chicks .
tr	O	Her expression was like a punch to the gut , enough to knock the wind from my lungs in an audible gush of air .
tr	C	The school was old and several stories tall , but it had been discharged a few years ago .
tr	C	The government has promised it 's just a temporary setback , and the currency is rebalancing itself to international reputations .
tr	C	" A touch of its mace will not turn us hairy , " Serena tells Liam .
tr	O	He glanced at her , his black eyebrows raised in inquiry .
tr	O	He hesitated for three long thumps of her heart before pivoting away on his heel .
tr	C	At least Smythe still had the decency to look exhausted by the experience of living in the professors .
tr	C	Just getting the dents beaten out of armor could eat up half my riches , or did until I bought a second-hand anvil .
tr	O	He found on the Strip the familiar marquee of a Holiday Inn .
tr	O	His earthenware urns , his decorative figures , even his lowly plant pots , were considered luxury items by most of the townsfolk and sold slowly .
tr	C	Power radiated between us in a heaping mass of energy .
tr	C	However , carving himself a reputation through tiers of valour didn 't quite work out .
tr	O	I open my palm over the coals .
tr	O	Dear God , not only was he to marry this wench , he had to kiss her during the ceremony !
tr	O	Sandra took it carefully and placed it in her lap , unwrapping it slowly in case its contents should break .
tr	C	The Drifter was a trend .
tr	O	I felt a gush of affection for you , because you had saved me from being a murderess .
tr	O	Back in the office , Jenna had disappeared and Beth was pinning up fresh copies of the roster .
tr	C	They all started trying to remember how everything was stored and dabbing it until it was as close as they could remember .
tr	C	Poor girl 's nerves were rattled by her baby 's sandpaper .
tr	O	I flinch at my body 's fiery reaction his voice emits .
tr	C	The driver 's door opened and Vaughn stepped out , frowning at the sky as if it dared to annoy him by listing .
tr	O	" We need to get the cliff ready for the insertion of the wheel , " she reminded , pointing toward the ledge .
tr	C	Instead , he lunged , handgun raised to attack .
tr	O	" Bartending only , " I add , crossing my arms over my chest , emphasizing the ' only . '
tr	O	" He went after a comrade in the library , " Hector said .
tr	C	" Kept you high . "
tr	C	Was Anderson now a kingpin ?
tr	C	" Cream on the lower farms , " Thame said , shrugging .
tr	C	Breath didn 't vary from his nose .
tr	C	But remember about the hundred push-ups and the packet of cigarettes . "
tr	C	I wish there was some way to assimilate them .
tr	C	Shane 's parents sat on the back porch , featuring the grand sunset .
tr	O	The certainty she 'd felt since his declarations last night began to slip away .
tr	C	It feeds the subjective relationship of a person to himself .
tr	O	" Brought you a biscuit . "
tr	O	At least half of their creepy glowing bulbs had been busted , and their jerky movements showed it .
tr	C	So you have a new helix . "
tr	C	" And set up the distribution ; that one 's been shot . "
tr	C	In the end , certificate will fill all those gaps created by a major die-off .
tr	O	She jumped at me , seizing my forearm in both hands .
tr	O	I pointed to the news papers and assorted flyers , the detritus of advertising .
tr	C	" I wanted to deter them to be brave , so I told them your story , what I know of it . "
tr	C	It had four booths covered in white fondant .
tr	O	All I 'm asking is that you respect her and stop judging her motivations .
tr	C	He 'd need Reef and wires and assorted parts .
tr	O	" Is that why you were rooting around on the floorboard on the way over here ? "
tr	O	She crossed her legs on the bed , pulling her oversize sweater down over her tights .
tr	C	the latitude 30 days until i turn 18 Do I look different ?
tr	C	Riley felt a rush of relief when the bystanders parted to reveal the river .
tr	O	Their feet had talons , so they were prohibited to use them as weapons because they were sharp enough to cut .
tr	O	As I recall , there is a seat on the bridge above the brook where most of the garden may be observed .
tr	O	He had rehearsed himself beforehand for this part in the conversation .
tr	C	On the plus side , I technically hadn 't flaunted Sebastian , although it was through no strength of my own .
tr	C	" Taken out already ?
tr	C	But Sam 's lack of an appetite did make me wonder again what he was up to with this sudden band wannabe .
tr	O	The hymn finally ended and the minister began the most important part , the wedding vows .
tr	O	" Marcie is your liaison with the Mist .
tr	O	The amount of pedestrians on the road was typical for a big African city .
tr	O	A large boulder sat in my path directly ahead , and rather than veer around it , I made the split-second decision to vault it .
tr	O	It felt like the weight of a hundred elephants had been lifted from my shoulders .
tr	O	Vin slammed against the metal roofing , gasping in pain .
tr	C	My other hand was trapped beneath me , sealing me up on my side .
tr	O	I 'd paged through them , imagining myself on those campus paths or in the lecture halls .
tr	C	" Well , you 'd want a gene though for everyone to remember you , wouldn 't you ? "
tr	C	Acting as her mentor was perhaps the only thing that kept him from sinking completely into his blackmailing .
tr	O	I skid around a corner .
tr	O	~ ~ ~ James climbed the aluminum slide with one hand and settled on the top .
tr	C	Frank stood up , alarmed , like he had been almost stung by an awakening .
tr	O	She stepped inside one of the Lagoon 's most luxurious tower suites .
tr	O	He had never thought that MacIntosh would terminate the signal .
tr	O	The mysterious girl whirled around , gripping at her black bag , ready to unleash violence .
tr	C	" You plan on making yourself look like stutter ? "
tr	C	Lottie had retained me out of too many situations already .
tr	C	He had spent years doubling up strength , rarely finding occasion to use it , and now he tapped that reserve .
tr	C	Michael entered Alistair 's study and found his friend poring over architectural renderings of a prospective new wiring system .
tr	O	" The bean thing then , " Devon told him .
tr	C	Eli took the girl by surprise at his labs and then slowly got up with his dagger at her throat .
tr	C	The chalk sun climbed up the horizon in a shimmering orange haze , echoing the warm glow inside her after a night of making love with Conrad .
tr	C	You 've been working more than an hour honing this , " said Gardener .
tr	O	She didn 't like puzzles .
tr	C	Though , with my appearance , Tack was difficult .
tr	C	The glare from the mid-day sun was behind the plane and nobody could tell what she was until a few seconds before dishonor .
tr	C	He started the car , carefully analyzing it out of the parking spot .
tr	C	In either event , her office affair seemed to be the reason everyone braked as to why she no longer worked at the company .
tr	O	" The fat is in the fire so I might as well pour another gallon or two of gasoline in there with it . "
tr	C	Ella looks up from the blaster she 's teeming with , startled to hear her name .
tr	O	This would take several years of litigation and would drag on long after he 's paroled and back home with his family .
tr	O	I was worth every cent of it .
tr	O	She haunts my thoughts , taunting me for failing to see through her lies and deceptions .
tr	O	He again swore that when he noticed the lock on his shed had been cut , he went inside to find that the cyanide had been taken .
tr	C	She looked up from the elegant table set with china , old silver and the archers and desserts she 'd spent most of the day cooking .
tr	C	If this person is a padlock , they are known as a Phoenix .
tr	C	As she listened to the story , I watched a coating of emotions flicker across her features .
tr	C	From the airship did not seem so rough .
tr	C	With a frown Gaius glanced toward the sprawling mansion , easily sensing the brunt of tunnels that ran beneath the grounds .
tr	C	Her nerves were stretched to their limit , and her heart was pounding in her ear like a charging horsemen .
tr	C	No one ventured to abate as to where Jim 's future would take him .
tr	O	Colin rolled back and lay a hand over his eyes , resigning himself to talking before any other desires were satisfied .
tr	C	This wall of the crane was dominated by a single giant metal door , easily large enough to drive a bus through .
tr	C	he said , his tone brightening .
tr	O	I peeked sideways at Will , but he was watching the teacher , who had finished roll and was writing on the whiteboard .
tr	C	" I raise the floods for wool , not to show . "
tr	C	Someone 's traveling bridges .
tr	O	Why he was being so charitable to a prostitute , he had no idea .
tr	C	I want to get some intel in you as well . "
tr	C	" Choose from time to time to the best of us . "
tr	O	It gets to you when a bloke you still remember as a " big boy " at school stops a bullet somewhere in France .
tr	C	He was surprised and none too pleased that I requested he remove her from our care and proceed as if the entranceway were indeed the truth .
tr	O	Now we have been decimated by the war pushed upon us by those of the palace .
tr	C	The police would grab the paper and seek a fake Muslim organisation for answers , while the actual beverages were getting away with attempted murder .
tr	C	The male doctor , the chubby one , sticks me with a needle none too gently and takes four vials of my tomahawk from me .
tr	O	I notice a sapphire ring when she extends her hand for me to shake .
tr	O	Tess was a sorceress with a needle , and she sewed only for herself .
tr	C	A powerful numbness had settled over her , which Nadia knew was an attempt at navigation .
tr	O	It was standard practice to land several kilometres away from anything that needed investigating and then walk there .
tr	O	It was dim and dank , with only a bed and toilet inside .
tr	C	Gabe stiffens and looks up to his brother .
tr	O	Now , she knew , was not the moment to quibble about a few thousand Euros .
tr	O	In a twisted purgatory between life and death .
tr	O	" You 'll need a truck in Sarajevo to transmit your stories to the satellite , " McGuire told her .
tr	O	" Are there loops in these places ? "
tr	C	They had made a mistake to think the building was divided into riches .
tr	C	I let myself out and sat in the car , filtering down notes and wondering why Sophia hadn 't mentioned anything about Ethan 's infidelities .
tr	C	" That could be quite a present to a clump . "
tr	C	York 's measuring up the survivors as we speak . "
tr	O	Eris blindly directed it away from her and the pebbles were flung away .
tr	O	Lane shook his head as he watched the body get bagged and tagged .
tr	C	I stood up and paced toward the Weeds .
tr	O	" Sorry , I 'm not a believer . "
tr	O	Besides a half dozen visible small moons , a small dark speck hanging against the blue backdrop attracts her attention further .
tr	O	He wore his royal cape , lined with silver , and his gold crown with sapphires the size of fingernails sat atop his head .
tr	O	But leave the big red hen , she 's me best layer . '
tr	C	" Spread your heart , Joe Best .
tr	O	Chloe spent the last several weeks of her life securing her future , so that I couldn 't kill her a second time .
tr	C	" You were telling me about your date from the FOP representative , " she prompted , smiling when he gave her a squeeze .
tr	C	There was metalwork , jewelry , ceramics , foreman , oil and watercolor paintings , sculptures and crafts .
tr	O	The darkness beyond the roadway swallowed up the light and returned nothing but more blackness .
tr	C	Standing in the dim daylight in the deserted courtyard , I intercepted a brief inner debate .
tr	C	A gust of wind drove scores of sand into my bare legs .
tr	O	When the power strip 's battery finally clicked over to green , he stopped , gasping for breath , slumped over the handlebars .
tr	C	The large guy equals in right behind him , shutting the door and closing us in .
tr	C	Charlie moved the dean of people trying to get in aside so we could pass .
tr	C	A follower that branched into smaller striations , like tiny rivers flowing from a churning ocean .
tr	O	Even after contorting his hand into a stubborn stretch , she was dissatisfied .
tr	O	" If Denny fails , we 'll be ahead of the game .
tr	C	Curious as I am , I resist the urge to follow and mimic .
tr	C	I did gymnastics and push-ups , and the sun rose and set .
tr	O	May I say that we were all grieved when we heard of your brother 's death . "
tr	O	When I was born , less than 10 percent of the federal budget was entitlement spending .
tr	O	His tenure at Om had come to an abrupt end as one fine morning the owner suddenly decided to close shop .
tr	O	" Throw it in the backseat and let 's take a ride ! "
tr	C	He could probably even sense the blood rushing throughout my veins in peril .
tr	O	Then , among the mass of aftershocks she 'd become , she felt it .
tr	C	Although portions of this book are harvested from real events , the events surrounding historical characters are entirely fictional and for entertainment purposes only .
tr	O	I think about Grandma Vera as a teenager , all those kids , so psyched about simple food .
tr	O	It occurs to him that he knows every person here .
tr	C	" The world is ending and you think I 'm not normal because I have compartments and don 't want to waste my time playing charades ?
tr	C	Dane did , and found sergeant 's archives , a silver star , and a purple heart .
tr	C	" The sea monsters carry a relatively small amount of thriller , indicating that they do not dive to great depths or accomplish great sea journeys .
tr	C	The helicopter rose unsteadily , canted nose first , its liftoff bungled by the breadth .
tr	O	He 's offered immunity if you 'll testify against the killers .
tr	C	The drivers of the users pushed the horses not cruelly but with great urgency .
tr	O	" Yes , " I agreed , butterflies dancing just beneath my ribcage .
tr	O	" Anyway , look , " he said , gesturing to his horse which was still dancing and snorting .
tr	C	' There was a letter come for you , ' she said , taking a good look at the real gold clock on the hall ashtray .
tr	C	goes the artwork . "
tr	O	Even having recently watched them at the ice cream shop didn 't make me feel like I 'd been able to catalog everything I want to .
tr	O	Or , rather than tripping over her own feet , some jealous child from the aristocracy would push her down the stairs .
tr	C	" What kind of devastation is that ? "
tr	C	Radcliffe was obtained by the question .
tr	C	He lunges for a minute to this man describing the musical career of someone who again sounds familiar .
tr	C	This work is a novel and any forethought to actual persons or events is purely coincidental .
tr	C	The linguistic sounds were so different that simple words were askew .
tr	O	Flipping through a magazine to bide his time .
tr	C	Maybe she did have a streak of lightness in her somewhere after all .
tr	C	He took a doughnut with good marks and when he won a scholarship , he was over the moon .
tr	O	It will test well with our voters , Tom , " he said .
tr	O	" Jake is but a commoner !
tr	O	When she looked closely at one of the stripes , she saw it was tacky ... slimy , almost .
tr	C	She needed to wrap this up and retreat to her room to oblige .
tr	O	The unpleasantness she mentioned has followed her here . "
tr	C	We had all been so foolish , so silly to even remotely think they meant well , but injustice was twenty twenty after all .
tr	C	Malcolm Bannister is still an audit , somewhere , but Max Baldwin is a free man with places to go and things to see .
tr	C	Callie wondered if she was a natural for stamina training .
tr	C	She ran her delicate fingers beneath the lip of the nobility and along all four legs .
tr	O	" You 'd better hand me the chocolates , " she said , using the napkin Debbie handed her to wipe her tears away .
tr	C	I am willing to part with one of my smaller weights for you to use . "
tr	O	They lost again Bradford was standing to the left of Fred so the dice came to him .
tr	C	Marika still wore a frown at Jake 's startled reaction and mended it .
tr	O	It 's like the entire Marsh tribe has communicated across their territory .
tr	O	The fledglings had been here all right .
tr	C	She smiled the exaggerated smile of a niche , showing her freshly whitened teeth to the few hundred people in the audience .
tr	O	That she didn 't smell like peaches .
tr	O	The cave flooded with torchlight .
tr	O	" To use as a baseline for the composition of the local bedrock .
tr	C	I had put in the Groundhog Day walker and we watched it with a fresh batch of cookies and milk .
tr	O	Were I to vanquish the Loupe family , I might have a chance at earning the respect and command of my brothers .
tr	O	His seller wasn 't strictly in London , but they met in Guilford .
tr	O	Marshall swoops in from out of the cold .
tr	O	A flash of green scales and cold , reptilian eyes swished by him .
tr	C	A long dark hall , paintings and technicians standing along both walls , met the boys as they entered the house .
tr	O	There were no sword marks or chunks of mast missing , and Jake thought that this ship must be quite new to the sea .
tr	O	He recovers , though , and holds out his hand .
tr	C	" Tell me , when did our little girl become such a dynamic young midwife ? "
tr	O	" So you know the little weasel . "
tr	O	Antonietta was grateful for Byron 's jacket and the perpetual warmth it generated as they soared through the sky .
tr	O	A series of unhappy high-pitched sounds ensued from the speakers .
tr	O	The result is the detachment of conventional meaning -- what it feels like to experience the absence of meaning .
tr	C	They had relayed to us often of the tricks they played at Sumer or Jericho or in Nineveh at the great temples .
tr	C	' Milk the huts now , Tiffany !
tr	C	Joe was delighted to see him when he went to the stables and personally researched and groomed the horse when Melvyn chose to go riding .
tr	O	I should have sent you home when you came bleating to me about a job .
tr	C	Her other hand worked her breast , rolling and sparking a tight nipple in rhythm with her finger .
tr	O	No one knows what has come over the creatures , but many assume their days are numbered as far as usefulness .
tr	C	It used to be the pulpit , when our two were small . "
tr	O	The shades of grey in his eyes , dark around the outer circle and lighter in the center , looked unreal against the white backdrop .
tr	O	Then Mrs. Byrne sat in a comfortably worn leather chair by the invitingly worn leather couch on which Sibyl was reclining .
tr	C	The thugs in that small town , the unknowns in the city , the Assassins in the library .
tr	O	He tapped a mosquito off her arm , then caught it in his fist .
tr	C	I felt that melting speed up , and the form of it began to splinter inside of me , making me feel strange and deflated .
tr	O	Yes , I 'd wanted to boost my endurance and strength and learn how to defend myself .
tr	O	He doesn 't work for the Syndicate directly .
tr	C	The revolting smell of strong coffee hit my nose and made it twitch .
tr	O	More money , I reckon , more prestige , but nothing new .
tr	C	Ashleigh then wordlessly instructed Todd and Jordan to bob and listen .
tr	C	They popped up like a piece of toast that was finished in the laird and rushed to meet me halfway .
tr	O	Out the open front door Amanda could see the Chinese convoy speed around the building and head south .
tr	O	She 'd come because Kevin was volunteering .
tr	C	Imagine if she spent as much time and energy as she spills on the unimportant doing something that could improve her mind .
tr	O	She heard Joan squawk and the phone trill again , but she ignored both .
tr	O	When her body was burned down to a few pounds of chalk fog ash , it was just carbon particulate .
tr	O	For a moment he thought he was going blind again , but then he realized that it was his anger that shadowing his vision now .
tr	C	It 's light and illumination were the same as hers and there was no way to tell them apart .
tr	O	So , yes , he would guess Silas had initiated this attack .
tr	C	The dusts began to wither just a bit after that .
tr	O	It felt shocking against his fingertips , even though they were quickly numbing in the cold .
tr	O	I had a quick shower and dressed in a clean uniform , strapping the ungainly knee brace around my leg almost as an afterthought .
tr	C	" Not looking so good there , Christopher , " I said , giving my shortcomings as I stepped up to take my shot .
tr	C	Amelia stared at the heavy volume in her lap with the gilded lettering proclaiming its nature .
tr	C	But I do worry about you and this new distribution phase of yours .
tr	C	Corrigan says he 's headed back to headquarters when Dolores leaves for her forced celibacy . "
tr	O	I could brew some real espresso for you . "
tr	C	The leader licked it abused mouth , questioning its master with its eyes as its mates drew up at its colonies .
tr	C	An odd place for Horne to have a bayonet .
tr	O	But the tour is finally over , I remind myself as I walk into the huge cafeteria that overlooks one of the prettiest beaches in San Diego .
tr	O	And as such , he was filth , an aberration .
tr	C	" They said it was distortion due to the conditions I was in .
tr	O	After a bath in the cold rainwater a relaxed and refreshed , Hari came out of the house .
tr	O	He followed it deep into the tangled vines and thorns .
tr	C	Carlos must have sensed the combatant inside him because his trembling grew worse .
tr	O	" Groups , " Ethan said , tapping a finger against my hand .
tr	O	They were very different from that of a coyote 's yip and I knew that wolves ate people .
tr	C	They do not write their words down , so we had to make up a son-of-a-bitch .
tr	C	Missy left the room , probably off to brag about how she 'd just bolstered both me and Mia .
tr	O	" He had doubts about this plot from the beginning , doubts that were inflamed when he learned that the boy did not bear the sword .
tr	O	Not to mention the papyrus had a complex set of ciphers over two different language bases .
tr	O	The little boy managed to recover his balance at the last minute ; the paraphernalia swayed for a second , then settled .
tr	O	Only Tricia and Lance looked like they were paying attention to their consoles .
tr	C	" Are you reciting my finger ? "
tr	O	" For these figs look wonderful .
tr	O	He drops his gaze and his nose grazes mine and I can almost count the millimeters between our lips .
tr	O	" She said she 's been here five winters . "
tr	C	No doubt only the hardcore dealers were left ... and a creature or two of the night .
tr	O	" I guess I could try and make smog and traffic sound like something exotic and exciting , but they really aren 't . "
tr	C	His haste to leave once the signal had been activated meant he would miss the passing ceremony , this elicited his heart .
tr	C	For the first time in his life , Warwick Rowe felt depleted .
tr	O	Bob Billings , the director leaving , worked part-time in a transitional capacity until Andrea could come aboard .
tr	C	It had been a rough week and all he wanted to do was play a little steeple .
tr	O	I 'm not going to give them a chance to go after mutants . "
tr	O	The king signalled for silence and the clamour gradually died away as the excited mob of men sat down again .
tr	C	Eventually the guitar and drums dropped and Alex strode to the center of the stage with his lapel , beginning his lengthy solo .
tr	C	The police had found the only illumination of the whole tragedy .
tr	O	The sleepwalking people collecting behind us began shouting in unison with the people in front of us .
tr	O	Before he could knock , his wife Gretchen opened it , face as blank as the prairie .
tr	C	But in the early fifties it was where a group of Russian fur traders had been buried .
tr	C	She has her ashes in an optimist above her fireplace . "
tr	C	They also went to the high-quality establishments where the owners and recipes went to dine .
tr	O	He gave up acting the gallant suitor and walked around to take the wheel .
tr	O	Dark corners flickered with ghostly apparitions .
tr	C	These monkeys were not the prize though , and Matt would waste no time on them .
tr	O	Pia looked up from where the two were seated on a sofa , bending over diagrams spread out over the coffee table .
tr	C	An orb of light , his renewed musical ringtone , flared inside his soul .
tr	C	He was searching for the catcher signaling he was close to the house .
tr	O	Low singing in rich harmony arose into the clouds above the moors .
tr	O	Any hope she had of getting away with the briefest of goodbyes disintegrated when she heard her mother at it in the kitchen again .
tr	O	She can 't help it , the reprimand falls off her tongue .
tr	C	He explodes when we reach the bottom of the stairs .
tr	C	The bodywork suggested every shade of blue imaginable , all valiantly attempting to escalate into one yet none succeeding .
tr	C	" My husband and I could sleep together in the men 's trickery this night . "
tr	O	I 'd rather lose with Alberto and a little dignity than lose with some prima donna with a hangover .
tr	C	" I miss you Hayley , " Faye said to Hayley 's jugular .
tr	C	Marcel departed after Hart had downed a few leagues , and Hart 's gloom descended once more .
tr	C	The hospital needs to be digested . "
tr	C	" What kind of human rejects his own policeman ? "
tr	O	Gabriel stopped before one she remembered as the armory , a small room with mostly tools and a few old weapons .
tr	O	A bit of relaxation really does help the process . "
tr	O	You don 't want to call me on that discard .
tr	C	Once again his curiosity overrode his good manners .
tr	C	Danica steeled her stance , trying to make sense of the art .
tr	O	She still though felt a thorn had been placed in her , a doubt that she wanted to be solved .
tr	C	the apparition demanded , loudly and sternly .
tr	O	But the expense of maintaining the outpost was greater than he had expected .
tr	C	Providing sufficient leisure for her protection is your responsibility .
tr	O	Use the telephone number we provided , assemble the men , and find your Mr. Lord . "
tr	C	I had Lola the Pig leave behind a tiny mewling .
tr	C	Mentally , he began checking his condolences and weaknesses .
tr	O	' Our mam used to wallop us if we went down to the cellar , ' said Medium Dave .
tr	O	The white gleam of bone jutting out from the circumference of his fat fingertips tapped on his watch in impatience .
tr	C	One cheek was pressed flat against the dome of the minaret , and his laugh came out as a punk .
tr	C	Jason is breeding like a dog and about to scream but Savannah clamps a hand over his mouth .
tr	C	You need these pleasures more than I do , Junior .
tr	O	Startled , he snapped his head backward , slamming it into the headrest of his seat .
tr	C	Like so many of our best films , The Meaning is based upon a bestselling book .
tr	O	" So you know about my own little gadget ? "
tr	O	I slowly slid the ring down my finger to the first knuckle .
tr	O	You couldn 't find another place to make sudden movements than a laboratory full of glassware ? "
tr	O	He couldn 't work up the nerve to barge in and hijack their conversation .
tr	C	" See , Draco , you have mastered your pet .
tr	O	A bear could down a moose with one swoop .
tr	C	Magnus bit his lip and glanced over his shoulder at the papers on the table , his gaze fixed on ancient portcullis in forgotten languages .
tr	O	But Reese had exploded when he learned she 'd been accosted and nearly mugged by those two creeps .
tr	C	Plus , The gryphon was in Memphis , of all places , and the top blacks wanted New York or Washington or Chicago .
tr	C	She has expressed relief that I am here and dawns on me most strongly .
tr	C	" Thankfully , my talents are a little more defined , " Rick said with his usual occupant .
tr	O	Okay , maybe she wasn 't up on international terrorism and proper spy etiquette , but dammit , she was trying .
tr	O	I want to slay you utterly in a fair contest . "
tr	O	The fellow next to me said , " They 're fishing vessels -- fish and algae collectors .
tr	O	she screamed out again , not caring who heard her over the jazz band .
tr	C	Emmett was immune to the aromas that their territory was full of .
tr	O	Considering how adamantly Chrissie had insisted she didn 't want anything more to do with him , this was no small concession .
tr	C	" One of my sisters recently undergone a job in Washington , D.C. .
tr	C	In the dark heaps of merchandise , something felt their departure .
tr	C	As for her companion , although she had refused to speak to him it seemed she had listened to the crinkle between himself and her mistress .
tr	C	He wanted the polo he worked with , Herman Levin , to produce Roman Candle .
tr	O	They took my cub . "
tr	C	But there is no purpose to try to analyze the iris of other worlds .
tr	O	I 'd gone home and taken three glasses of gin before retiring .
tr	O	Francesca grips my right arm as I extend it toward my chronometer .
tr	O	We often spent rainy afternoons hopping from chairs to dressers to get from one side of the room to the other , pretending the floor was lava .
tr	C	She felt warm , as if he 'd nagged her in a velvet wrap .
tr	O	Andrews looked down in contemplation , and thinking out loud said " that damn prophecy . "
tr	C	He dragged his teeth over her nipple , then rolled his tongue against it , leaving the lace of her bra wet from his lieutenants .
tr	C	He was sort of watching 101 Ways to denounce .
tr	C	As I review her work , I find artifacts that have been pulled verbatim from internet news sites .
tr	C	He crossed his arms over his blue and white fudge , the school 's colors , and narrowed his eyes at me .
tr	C	As he read , he would write things down in a membership he was keeping .
tr	O	He deftly removes my clothes , wipes my tears and kisses me passionately while caressing me gently , possessing me , coddling me , loving me .
tr	O	I pulled hard , wrenching my wrists from his hands , pulling away .
tr	O	He had given them everything ; his obedience , his loyalty , his youth , even his name .
tr	O	From that the talk turned to the great hoard itself and to the things that Thorin and Balin remembered .
tr	O	Bond went down the carpeted corridor to the centre coupe .
tr	C	She could have been a molecule in a store window except for her hair .
tr	C	As though in a diagnosis , Jamie 's mother walked out the door .
tr	O	Friendly guy , Rae thought , oh well , he 's probably been swooned over by too many love struck mountain girls .
tr	C	You 'd like to wrap up the bones , pat us on the shoulder and disappear back into your regions of mystery .
tr	O	" I let the ponies loose a bit when there 's no passengers . "
tr	O	It was a museum gift shop copy of Joe Wilton 's Diary , a replica of the original on display at the Gold Rush Museum .
tr	C	Your body is beautiful , it dawns just as a woman 's body should .
tr	O	If we catch one , chalk it up to a stray who got lucky .
tr	C	She didn 't mention the little empathy she 'd had with Boots on the drive home .
tr	C	" A girl I knew this summer ... " Her voice trailed off as her mind shied at the task of explaining Portia to the Circle .
tr	C	On the outside chance she would consider buying it , all of the less savory details would be scavenged later .
tr	C	Especially if there is a chance to end the fear , corruption , and death we live with everyday . "
tr	C	If you need to believe the power is rocketing straight from God , then embrace that belief .
tr	O	A goblin had her soul on the end of his fishing line , ready to reel it in .
tr	C	More spun towards her , but this time she didn 't move for the incoming set of sightings .
tr	O	I also knew it 'll never be the same , peeing on plants .
tr	O	The old Jules I 'd grown up with my whole life seemed the caterpillar before this butterfly .
tr	O	Everyone in the apartment would have to scatter , fast .
tr	O	Jonathan transforms the hospital lobby displaying not only the art work that is to be auctioned , but also the trips , dinners and shows .
tr	C	Both gazes swung toward him , petting his reaction to this news .
tr	O	" This is basically a confidentiality agreement , " Max continued , tapping the paperwork .
tr	O	Some say the tree is everything , with its many divisions and Worlds separating into branches of time .
tr	C	The eyeball came again , shrill and piercing .
tr	O	We walk down to the water 's edge with a fair bit of swagger and look out over the gentle waves .
tr	C	" Judge Webster 's secretary said we should go into his office as soon as you arrived , " she said , fanning herself .
tr	O	The industrious whirring of the glass tube elevator motors and the steady hum of numerous conversations were now familiar and soothing to Eve .
tr	C	In the beginning he figured out somehow that the little tidbit with a marker didn 't want to engage in a stare game .
tr	O	She was a pariah . "
tr	C	Those men were congratulating her deliberately for information on you .
tr	O	Ask the spiders in their burrows .
tr	O	For the sake of clarity and to avoid any ambiguity , I will ( almost ) always use the word ZOMBIE .
tr	O	Yes , she had seen flocks of birds before flying over the city of London , but not these beautiful white birds .
tr	O	She saw the labels : St. John , Armani , Donna Karan , Escada .
tr	C	" Wrap them in . "
tr	C	Her bagel fell out of her belt and rattled to the floor .
tr	O	It seemed to be describing chemicals by their atomic weights and make-up rather than by name .
tr	O	No tumbled towers or cracked domes or even broken windows .
tr	C	When his clients started discovering their passwords were rapidly tanking , he turned to us for help .
tr	C	I didn 't want to repeat the weakening spell if I could help it .
tr	C	No one had asked why I 'd immediately thought of Amana based on the clues the warlock had intruded .
tr	C	Then I beat the crap out of the hysteria .
tr	C	" The noise is sealing him ! "
tr	O	" You don 't think it 's weird that he 's researching poisons ? "
tr	O	" If not , please continue with your whining and ranting . "
tr	O	His casual attire of jeans and long-sleeved shirt didn 't help in identifying his role .
tr	O	" I have no intention of fulfilling that bargain . "
tr	O	She folded her arms over her chest , her expression and tone forbidding Rick to mention the subject again .
tr	C	They were looking for more handguns and they approached me .
tr	O	Along the way we were reunited with many members of father 's inner circle , including lord Cavendish .
tr	C	Bart was getting more enthusiasm for the notion now that he was feeling some pigeon .
tr	C	The nail polish matches a thin line of mauve that runs as a single stitch through her shirt .
tr	O	" My sister still hasn 't left the baby alone with the sitter , and it 's been five months . "
tr	O	Ransom was doing something to her , making her mind turn to mush , making her bones turn to jelly .
tr	C	He 's wearing his break-up clothes and he has shoved his bat bag between the seats to shield it from the rain .
tr	O	The riches had blinded her to the truth .
tr	O	" You are propagating the cop stereotype , " I said .
tr	O	" I 'm so going to tell Janice about the gorgeous waitress you were talking to at the nightclub .
tr	C	She opened a closing windpipe .
tr	O	The truth is I don 't know how to waltz , and I 'm just a little ... " She let her voice trail off .
tr	C	Eve went in with gun drawn , hissing as her socket burned her skin .
tr	C	The door opens and the doctor listens .
tr	C	I looked down , only then stressing the stains on my shirt .
tr	O	I could hear plastic wrappers being torn open and wolves growling and fighting over our dried meat and bread .
tr	O	Johnny noticed curtains on the side of the stateroom and he pulled them back revealing a porthole .
tr	C	She pours me , drawing out the word .
tr	C	" Here -- " He reaches for the nearest verse .
tr	O	The ship lurched aside again , not with the suddenness of a weapon hit but with the swing of a dodge .
tr	C	" You can see that new pixie on the parapet . "
tr	C	This is a standing warning because so many tourists want to get pictures with the recordings .
tr	O	It would take a little bit of finagling , breaking of protocols , but he had to try to get some information .
tr	C	Gary had noticed police patrol cars jamming the area often and wondered if it was a courtesy to their tour guide .
tr	C	No part of this book may be reproduced , stored in a reincarnation system , or transmitted by any means without the written permission of the author .
tr	O	The procession pulled to a stop at the base of the enormous triangular building .
tr	O	In front of them appeared an archway that was cut into a dense wall of hazel shrubs that still bore a few catkins .
tr	C	How it was detained ? "
tr	O	The husky tone of his voice and ragged breathing , coupled with the sight of his raging erection , made my stomach flip .
tr	C	I 'm all for getting reinforcements , but not sinners . "
tr	C	Dad shook his hand and they got up and sloshed out into the water .
tr	O	Today Jack was behaving like his old self , instantly obeying her every command .
tr	C	He took a step back , Mike submerged his grenade , and the doorknob exploded .
tr	C	Even before he 'd known about that , it had been tough to relocate her from his thoughts .
tr	O	To Cordelia , Matthew said , " I love the part where Bax faced off with twenty bandits when he had only one bullet left .
tr	C	We push our way down to the cone , which is a little quieter , flanked by ocean on one side instead of people .
tr	C	Is there anything you can do to postpone her out of this ? "
tr	O	Dwayne hated chicken fried steak and Bootsy did not like it much so he had a burger and she had the seafood salad .
tr	O	Then hands were moving , pulling at the knots , stripping the ties away , and finally plucking the stifling woolen cloth from her face .
tr	O	" I found a fissure I can widen with a laser . "
tr	C	They inched forward , clambering over lumps of manipulation they could barely see .
tr	O	At the double doors he stopped , turned , buttoning his shirt in deliberate moves .
tr	C	" You wish to spare us from the cubes of your new masters . "
tr	O	He met Dominic 's angry gaze with the steadiness of an innocent man .
tr	C	Her seductive call speared him in and he barely remembered to close the cargo door in his haste to find her .
tr	O	" Is the spook here ? "
tr	O	Most people feel protected by their elected governments , but the truth is they are only superficial paradigms that hide the true nature of this world .
tr	O	Or had she somehow deceived herself about his true character because she had been so lonely ?
tr	O	The historical residences and places of business have been renovated to eliminate any appearance of decay and maintain that 1870s charm .
tr	O	The steps formed a semicircle as they gradually spiraled down to the raised dais that served as the stage .
tr	C	She 's probably assembled it from eighteen different kingdoms over more centuries that you can imagine .
tr	C	" Nobody heard me , you jack , " said Kayla .
tr	C	He watched as a dagger was apprised , then emerged as a small boy who had no limbs .
tr	O	Just before he leaves me to my studies , he leans back in his chair and fixes me with his gaze .
tr	C	She sobbed desperately as the puddles left , slamming and locking the door behind her .
tr	C	" I think I might " I followed her across the shop , uncovering the snake cage , even though Lazarus appeared fast asleep or dead .
tr	C	He thanks them and makes light comments as though they were transferring him with their saliva .
tr	C	By going this way we would unscrew the second hut here . "
tr	C	There are fees to be won , and from what I hear , I should think you can take up anything you like .
tr	O	For an excellent spy , he was a terrible sneaker . "
tr	O	That he was a mediocre cook at best while I had shown the makings of a first-class chef from the start .
tr	C	To forestall unified rebellion , he stifles interaction between communities .
tr	C	He puts the bandage back in place , lowers my shirt , and then brushes his finger across my vocabulary .
tr	O	The centerpiece of carnations and candles was ready to be lit .
tr	O	They knew the dragons were there , but they weren 't bothered by the giant flying reptiles .
tr	O	" Yuck , " Billy gagged and poked out his tongue , " You may as well be irrigating your crops with raw sewage . "
tr	C	And an end to barbeque , period . "
tr	O	You 're calling me a snob ? "
tr	O	" Nice to see the Viceroy is no hypocrite about his stance on weapons , " Adani muttered .
tr	O	The interstate was deserted .
tr	C	Tavi recognized the young harpy at once .
tr	O	The gardening hadn 't helped her arthritis , I could see " What 's up Aisling ? "
tr	O	she cried , her heart thumping against her sternum .
tr	C	After an expansion of blackness , a tiny light appears .
tr	C	Two cancer patients , both youngsters , were each taking NIL along with chemotherapy , and both are in complete supremacy .
tr	O	It 's Chinese , " I felt responsible for dragging Mike here , so I tried to impart what little knowledge I had .
tr	O	My limbs were starting to ache slightly with the forced inactivity , and unnatural positions that they had been tied in .
tr	C	" How many fights you had , vomiting ? "
tr	C	He grabs his own plate and delivers a stool to the table .
tr	O	On paper , you are contracted to the publishing house . "
tr	O	He finds the ground is a mix of ice and mud and keeps moving , slowly at first , testing the placement of each paw .
tr	O	She appeared to be lost in her own internal musings .
tr	O	He could now make the corners of his lips draw up into his cheeks , enough to create a reasonable imitation of his trademark grin .
tr	O	The heat didn 't work , and the front windshield was already fogged over .
tr	O	And he 's attending the academy on the governor 's sponsorship . "
tr	O	Whatever plugs them can 't be very thick -- a crate of dynamite should do the trick .
tr	O	With a humble grace that left her speechless , Slade knelt before Robert in supplication .
tr	O	The officer behind the window flicked her head to the left as she finished searching Josie 's portfolio and purse , and then pushed them toward her .
tr	C	She noticed his juice glass was empty , and picked it up to deflect it .
tr	C	He began walking along the path , moving faster and faster as he became laird of his route .
tr	O	When I 'd put them there in my youth , she had fretted that they 'd never come off without ripping out part of the paint .
tr	O	From 2008 to 2012 , Albert designed and built Teleport , his 60-foot , technologically advanced sailboat , in a central Michigan barn .
tr	O	Hassler rises a few millimeters until his nose is just above the surface .
tr	C	Emma points to the wall with the rude cartoon drawing of the sun upon it .
tr	C	" By entering into this union , you pool your deeds and shore your weaknesses .
tr	C	" Hey , " Entering my actions a while ago " thanks to you , I didn 't lose much blood . "
tr	O	Your way is long , but evolution will follow you along the whole of it .
tr	C	Pride and Envy , the bad break-up had said , would have ruin snapping always at their heels , but here the people saw no danger .
tr	C	He kept munching , losing himself in the mundane task .
tr	O	When the waiters finished and left , Fitch said , " I can 't cut a deal if I don 't know the terms . "
tr	C	Why did he have to go for the stupid miscalculation ?
tr	O	I croak out , feeling a lump form in the throat .
tr	O	" I have already secured donations of two suites on a cruise , one European getaway and two tropical island resort trips . "
tr	C	She 'd loved the power but now he was ready to exert control .
tr	C	As I watched the shadow grow larger , the entire forest seemed to rectify .
tr	O	The silvery sky shimmered above , burgeoning clouds thickening in a light carpet above the canopy .
tr	O	He gestured for the cell phone Edge had produced earlier .
tr	O	His voice was at her ear , causing tingles to slide across her skin .
tr	O	" She hardly qualified as an ex-girlfriend , " Lindsey said .
tr	C	Vanessa dashed toward the snowmobile across the floor .
tr	C	There wasn 't a bystander to watch me , so Mom took me along .
tr	O	I ask , hoping it will snap her out of the funk .
tr	O	I stumble away from the desk , towards the chalkboard , which bulges outwards and toward me .
tr	C	They didn 't come from the washcloth , and yet the only thing there was the house .
tr	C	Slashed wrists , pills , hash , whatever -- something that can accord with the laws of physics .
tr	O	They were my grandmother and my great-aunt .
tr	C	I was in a bizarre profession , which didn 't lend itself to cacophony .
tr	C	" She must have thought she was coming right back to her apartment - because women don 't typically go anywhere without their backgrounds . "
tr	C	I was standing there like a damn nanny , not able to move .
tr	C	But I couldn 't stop myself from activating the details of our prophetic run-in with Silas .
tr	C	Somehow , he didn 't even notice the cold wind battering them as they headed back to the warmth of their tiny tent .
tr	O	I suspect Tiny would have to do those kind of searches . "
tr	O	It was two days to Soldier 's Pond , two more back , once we mustered the necessary reinforcements .
tr	O	Gradually , ever so gradually , birthdays and holidays came and went .
tr	O	It was a single room , cozy and luxurious , with a small velvet settee and blankets and rugs on nearly every surface .
tr	O	he asked his son apropos of nothing in particular , studying his snifter and the sparkling liquid within .
tr	C	" I 'm sewn up , " Helen said .
tr	C	Apparently Matt 's White House position bought him courtesy points since she let him off the hook with only one injustice .
tr	C	He 'll save someone 's life , then be casually rude to him and what will be remembered will be his cohorts and not his life-saving .
tr	O	Bernard bent his grey head and scurried from the room , looking like a nursemaid who had left her child unattended for too long .
tr	C	Clubs grunted his domination , and the four turned to her , apparently waiting to see her reaction .
tr	O	Pat always skips his class at this time .
tr	C	" Are you saying I can 't unbutton the squad ? "
tr	O	" How typical that you spring from your deathbed to prevent me from going to mine , " he murmured .
tr	C	He had been brought here by my father decades before while he had been converting the Mediterranean .
tr	C	He also found his rusted old chamber pot filled to the brim with superiors .
tr	O	" You test the waters with cleaver girl , and we 'll get our supplies . "
tr	O	It left an unfortunate side effect , if the users feet were wet , or if they walked through sand , footprints would be visible .
tr	O	It looked like the kind of packaging posters come in .
tr	C	" The rock is bugging you .
tr	C	He was a disillusioned extremist who confided in one of our undercover units already within the conversion we were monitoring .
tr	C	I never missed a pill , and Evan was paranoid about protection for some reason I 'd eventually convert out of him .
tr	C	I didn 't enjoy being the object of whispered conversations and hypnotizing eyes .
tr	C	' Have there been any difficulties with the staff lately , any arguments , co-workers with the boss ? '
tr	C	" Yes sir , I will sue the search immediately . "
tr	O	Oliver Lambert had recruited him sixteen years ago , back when had fewer than thirty lawyers .
tr	C	The Boy Wolf , s easel was streaked with white .
tr	C	Would Blake treat her like a queen because she was inseminated with his chronometer ?
tr	O	" They wear it rather proudly , " Silk told him , " Once it heals , anyway . "
tr	C	By the time the toast was ready to flip , Jen was back , steeling herself with her hand .
tr	O	When I 'd been condemned for killing the Red Knight , I think part of me had been glad to finally have relief from the royal stage .
tr	C	Trying that would be an enmity , though , so she 'd have to be careful not to get caught .
tr	O	Now fear began a steady thrum in her chest .
tr	O	" Shhh ... " Samantha nodded , conceding to hold off their impending conversation .
tr	O	* * * The explosion decimated the room where the dummy had been seated in the desk chair .
tr	O	I started to hyperventilate .
tr	C	I didn 't dare distort and make Rigel late for his .
tr	O	His fingers dug into her windpipe , cutting off her air , crushing her throat .
tr	O	Colin introduced her to a couple of acquaintances who greeted him , and Belinda thought she did a credible job of smiling and being an appropriate consort .
tr	C	" This is just for the History essay .
tr	C	On second thought , however , he was somewhat flattered that his new components would think so highly of him .
tr	O	No ordinary man could have swum to shore wounded the way he was ; that had required incredible strength and determination .
tr	O	Beck held a coil of metal wire in one hand and a pair of work gloves in the other .
tr	O	' I would , however , ask you to wait until I return before informing anybody of my visit . '
tr	C	I wanted to say something funny , to smother the tension that electrified the air around us , but I had nothing .
tr	C	On the third day the wife wakes to find me standing in the middle of the room inside a hunk .
tr	C	I think I 'm getting a parasite .
tr	O	CHAPTER SIX ' Happy birthday to you , ' sang Beth and Jenna , as they walked into the office holding a box containing six iced cupcakes .
tr	O	There have been riots for less than a nobleman 's son converting to our faith , and in these restless times when we are constantly persecuted .
tr	O	One night the city had been invaded by troops who rounded up all the automobiles and herded them away to a destination no one knew .
tr	C	Although this was an event he 'd enjoyed as a kid , tonight he was uncharacteristically on edge and Clara 's visage was to blame .
tr	O	" Maybe , " Liz said , not wanting to concede .
tr	C	I quickly discard it .
tr	C	We need some time to think -- behold , " I said .
tr	O	Another wheeze from Mr. C reminded me of the clock the slayers were on .
tr	C	Now let 's get home and have some of that excellent musician of yours . "
tr	O	I 'd been a heavy drinker since high school , and it only got worse after I turned twenty-one and could get it legally .
tr	C	We 're getting seriously dinged on over here . "
tr	C	He thinks I will be here , but I will be working against him , working with the father he threatens .
tr	C	T is thinking like that which leaves you forever in Lady Anne 's bad rap , my boy .
tr	C	I 'm thinking up something slow for him , for all those years I had to knock on the berserker 's door like some common peddler .
tr	O	She did not want to discuss the certification and the environment-friendly policies of Cooper Industries again with him .
tr	O	Nevertheless , in exchange for the kiss , to uphold your end of the agreement I 'd like for you to wear it , Monday . "
tr	C	Then a sense of falling slowly reopened his mind , but he was not frightened .
tr	O	Dylan huffed , his face twisted with incredulity .
tr	C	If he was smart he 'd call it quits after the blossom in New York .
tr	O	Creepy Mickey was a masseuse .
tr	O	" I appreciate the attention to propriety , my lord , but it 's a bit late to be worried about that now . "
tr	C	It hadn 't been easy to go the full three miles , and she 'd felt justified in launching herself .
tr	O	I stuffed the brush back into my backpack , and zoned out the rest of the way to school , thinking about the future .
tr	O	Adam remembered his mother and father monitoring his whereabouts , vetting his friends , restricting activities , and panicking at every injury and illness .
tr	C	" Well , we know the answer to the Compound , " said Boy Willie .
tr	O	So please , no lawsuits ; okay ?
tr	O	The rope is stout , and I 've lowered far heavier burdens than you . "
tr	O	I adored my grandparents as well as momma .
tr	C	Edna was slurring her watch , having stared at the blank ocean for the past six hours .
tr	C	Although the Ice Landers did use some interesting seasonings and well-cooked , rich food was the one segment they allowed themselves in their harsh world .
tr	C	" So we women won 't have to put our toenails in a drawer in your desk , " I said .
tr	O	My wife 's cooking herring for tea , son .
tr	O	What made it worse was that Sir Albion ran the same hundred kilometres with us , leading the way .
tr	O	Rosie had knitted him a navy blue pullover sweater that looked professionally made .
tr	O	What was years of servitude and debt when compared with that ?
tr	C	" To get into the Cathedral and somehow find this donation .
tr	C	asked Raja , thinking it must be another one of Vinny 's tell-tale expressions .
tr	O	" Choose the best , Patroclus .
tr	C	She seemed to articulate his body , slipping past his guard and lodging herself deep .
tr	O	The Order of the Unicorn was going to hold a recruiting session there in a few days and he was going to sign up !
tr	C	Your body just looks like a bunch of deeds I want to rub against .
tr	C	Ed nodded and asked , " Your brother , Bash , spent time in monotone in Cleveland as well ? "
tr	O	My heart sort of stutters before it begins beating again .
tr	C	He shook like the invincibility he was , which made Mike nervous he 'd fire by mistake .
tr	O	She looked softer than she had earlier in the storage shed , but Ashley knew it was a mirage .
tr	O	I scrape the rose along the concrete and shove it in my mouth for safekeeping .
tr	O	He 's put his shirt back on but it clings to his still damp torso , emphasizing his muscular pecs and shoulders .
tr	O	Paul walked to his plate , pointed at the potato salad and said , " Freakin ' maggots ! "
tr	O	He welcomed it , so long as they preached Jesus as their only way to salvation .
tr	C	Ugh , maybe I was just a lung .
tr	O	We 'd lived in the same Detroit neighborhood , gone to the same schools , ran from the same bullies .
tr	O	" Yes , propaganda . "
tr	C	When she didn 't discount , he brushed his knuckles down her cheek .
tr	C	She thought she saw annoyance in his gaze , and irritation , as if he assisted taking orders from Farnsworth .
tr	O	Tristan leaned closer to study markings , names , notations , and the way the red lights seemed to be linked by the twisting green lines .
tr	O	When he saw the animal look back at them and heard a soft yip before it moved forward again Scott realized the coyote was protecting them .
tr	O	It really was magick .
tr	O	But the captain is the one who started the effort to seek and acquire refugees . "
tr	O	" Climb on everybody and let 's get out of here ! "
tr	O	" A polite halfling would invite me to tea around now .
tr	C	Noah speared the syringe , his face ashen , and I held out my arm .
tr	C	she gasped and took a step backwards , instantly releasing his farewells .
tr	O	The workmen were cutting blocks off the top of the face , and the whole thing just gave way and collapsed .
tr	O	After that , we moved and he worked for other ranchers .
tr	C	He waited next to her while the DNA sequencer purred , praising the hair to the known families .
tr	C	Rebecca could not see the vacancy of the remark and asked him what he meant .
tr	O	This world is a great sculptor 's shop .
tr	O	It makes me wonder if there isn 't some naturally occurring analog to a fertility drug in the local rain forest , some undiscovered pharmaceutical . "
tr	C	" Perhaps you could tell us a bit about the filming and how you mistrust the models ? "
tr	O	" Mr. President , it is my pleasure to visit you today as an historian .
tr	O	The door opened with ease , the hinges barely squeaking .
tr	O	It dawned on him that there was nothing of the rough peasant in this child 's cultured speech .
tr	O	The main topic on the table , and the biggest bone of contention between the two species , was the subject of mixed blood .
tr	O	If the Russians used dogs , it would be useful if they could cross some watercourse , to confuse the scent trail .
tr	C	The husky note in her voice as she uttered the enmity was the most sexually exciting thing he 'd ever experienced .
tr	C	I spend half of my time in Europe , half here in Malibu so we wouldn 't probe each others ' daily life . "
tr	O	The full squad of 22 players was assembled , and looked to be an interesting mix of unproven players as well as cynical veterans .
tr	C	There are multiple strike patterns which produced many massages .
tr	C	Shivers stroked along the repercussions of my spine .
tr	O	Judging by the way their grandmother had whisked them off earlier , Grace had assumed they were in trouble .
tr	O	They walked hurriedly along trails and through ravines .
tr	C	Henninger watched from a distance almost dozing , anticipating the coming screams of pain .
tr	C	It 's hardly safe for untagged blood hounds to roam around out there after dark .
tr	C	He was offering Reid a face-saving way out , Grant realized , and Reid , suspecting darkly , would have to take it .
tr	C	It would be a ticklish subject but Golden would revisit the topic nonetheless .
tr	C	He 'd been crowned by the two beasts , but why did they have to kill his beloved .
tr	C	And are part of a holistic body that gets their hands dirty to do some goddamn stripper . "
tr	C	said Dorothy , raising her eyebrows , referencing .
tr	C	Chapter Eighteen Gracie had arranged for some pieces of furniture that she had chosen from the innkeeper to be delivered at the house .
tr	O	Curiously , it had been stitched together and not mended by a Spirit Mage .
tr	O	No light will stave off the coming darkness , the imp said , eyes on Kendra .
tr	C	Doing it with the head of the Troika 's X-ray machine inside and his entire army surrounding the complex was a suicide mission .
tr	C	He was running downhill so fast that it felt as if we were transferring , falling out of control .
tr	C	We 're arranging firewood , " he said .
tr	C	It has become the gossip of the town , and it does little for either of our cruisers .
tr	C	" I am your mind-set . "
tr	O	Jacques , sleeping at home for once instead of at the hospital , is awoken by his cell phone ringing .
tr	C	They arrived back on the abundance just in time to see Billy and Sophie turn their backs on one another and stalk off in opposite directions .
tr	O	Joey Harker , assemble your team and report to my office . "
tr	O	" Don 't be an idiot , " she said , eyes flashing behind the purple tint of her contact lenses .
tr	C	Kyle guided the sedan onto a secluded parking area sandwiched between dunes with towering sea monkeys .
tr	C	In that way , the planks and their boats weren 't caught in any sudden squalls .
tr	O	It is a joyous flower that attracts the singing birds . "
tr	O	There was no do-over .
tr	C	It looked very much as if someone in the household had taken advantage of the soldiers rampaging to do a gamer himself .
tr	C	I tried not to Beat my best friend her moment in the sun , her opportunity to experience true love .
tr	C	I looked at my hands and simmered under my breath .
tr	O	In a bursting flash of vision and awareness , he was back in the cathedral .
tr	C	Loren was right ; the pamphlet was light on specifics and heavy on possibles .
tr	C	But perhaps we could enter into some sort of arrangement similar to the English troop .
tr	C	Then she glared at the salt and pushed at it with a withered forefinger , unloading it into heaps and whorls .
tr	O	Her hands gripped the General 's shoulders as she watched volley after volley of men swarm forward only to fall back .
tr	O	Mr. Dawson took another head count beyond their enclave .
tr	C	" Thank you , " I responded courteously before slithering into one of them and pulling out my camera .
tr	C	Thomas wore black swim trunks and a pair of shades , while Brianna wore her long blond hair in a ponytail and chanced a bikini as well .
tr	C	His inky black hair is a little damp like he just got out of the shower while the happenings in his eyes has diminished only slightly .
tr	C	We are unraveling . "
tr	C	When he smirked , I faked interest in my computer and clicked on a quake .
tr	O	" You 're thinking of someone I guess , " a voice intoned .
tr	C	Mrs. Byrne and Miss Godwin could easily be on a softball , which made him their target .
tr	O	Do you have a sponsor ? "
tr	O	Weil turned the lamp and peered through the grating under their feet , down a well webbed with steel stairs .
tr	C	I scouted earlier . "
tr	C	The artist had painted them far in the background and horrifically as they neared Emelia their faces remained near featureless whiteness of white .
tr	C	Never are sovereign realms long lived or Princes long on their stolen sculptures .
tr	C	I focus on my plate as I try to splinter the pasta perfectly around my fork .
tr	O	I waited for him to give me his usual assurances .
tr	C	I remembered the nice meadow I only saw for a second before being quoted and we hit the soft ground there .
tr	C	" Just get the receivers picked up , Leroy .
tr	O	He seemed to fall under a spell of infatuation .
tr	C	" Your willingness to put yourselves in harm 's way to protect us here at home is roasting .
tr	O	Amica however not being into fitness , or the public school system had never done a push-up before .
tr	C	Years of church had dubbed him to listen intently to parables .
tr	C	He was dressed like a C-130 , from the top of his gold and turquoise headdress to the soles of his sandals .
tr	C	She relayed to make sense of her delirium .
tr	O	" Twice I let you go , the first time through my own misjudgment and the second because you bullied me into it .
tr	C	It 's mostly papers and my producer of adoption .
tr	C	The woman lived inside his head like a classmate .
tr	C	So even was my brother , Boromir : a man of smoker , and for that he was accounted the best man in Gondor .
tr	O	" I 've just run the dishwasher . "
tr	O	Through that imperfection and through the further masking of the Commissioner 's spectacles , Enderby 's eyes were unreadable .
tr	O	She hopped up , more than happy to comply .
tr	C	And Alec was listed as the CEO and barbecue .
tr	C	" Now listen here , bracelets .
tr	C	And he didn 't have anything more than a thin gruel between his naked body and total exposure .
tr	O	The minimal decor was carefully chosen to augment the furniture and paint .
tr	O	I 'm invoking my right to get a replacement date within the hour or I 'll take you to court . "
tr	C	It 's an insider 's jar .
tr	O	" Neither did those garlic necklaces , bless Romulus ' cold heart ! "
tr	C	The jaded riders hailed from their horses , some fainting while others lay in pains upon the cold pavement .
tr	C	Their gentle rocking set the sheet declaring to the floor , the brush of chilly morning air doing little to cool the sweat beading on his body .
tr	C	He had probably used that term as a nickname more than a waiver of his love .
tr	C	" Justified or standard spices ? "
tr	C	On her director 's face she saw the same smug smirk they always wore just before airing their power .
tr	C	" Thank you , prosperity . "
tr	O	When he thought about it , they hadn 't communicated in a long time .
tr	O	I 'm guessing it was the kind of look he gave outlaws when he wanted them to confess .
tr	O	Look there 've been so many fraudsters creeping out the woodwork , claiming this and that .
tr	O	They transitioned smoothly to walk and Uncle Henry let Duke stretch his neck after a few strides and patted him .
tr	O	" So delicate , in fact , that I cannot make inquiries at the bank , or even the club . "
tr	C	It had bosses and chips and was worn smooth from years of use .
tr	C	There is a report of two sailors in a corporation one night after the test ; who both vanished in front of a waitress .
tr	C	" I 'll think about what you said , and barter with a few colleagues .
tr	O	Gather all the chemicals around the basement and pour them on Vena 's roots .
tr	C	It was like I was caught in his orbit -- a funny cartoon , I realized , since he was named after a star .
tr	C	On Earth , a Personal was a huge community chamber restricted to one northeast , with private cubicles to which one had a key .
tr	C	I ignore the feeling that pokes my body and hold up the bag .
tr	C	After the last act crawled millimeter by happenstance to its conclusion , I couldn 't wait for the actors to finish their bows .
tr	C	He raised working bulbs like the Welsh Cob , horses known for their hardiness and strength .
tr	C	He was swiftly at her side , pulling on his jeans and T-shirt before plucking up the long , extremely sharp sword .
tr	O	Give him no cause to defy you and time will make a virtue of inaction . "
tr	O	The camera started to whir .
tr	O	I stand in the doorway of our bedroom , my arms wrapped around myself , still clutching the can of tomatoes .
tr	O	After we started to play time went by in a flash , and we totally crushed the opposition .
tr	C	" She 's been without awhile , probably going through quicksand . "
tr	O	He held my wrists above my head , using his hands as shackles .
tr	O	We keep finding rust , or tears , or major component damage . "
tr	C	In a fit of rage he beat his father into a bloody handprint .
tr	O	I think he enjoyed the romanticism of being the martyr in his warped version of the truth .
tr	O	He didn 't have henchmen .
tr	C	Sometimes I loved that ache , because it felt like an airlock .
tr	C	I tiptoed behind the desk and solidified the key card from Sam 's belt .
tr	O	I live in a world where I have seen all idealism as a façade to the hardcore realism .
tr	C	Ducking behind a wall he allowed a sense of coals to creep in .
tr	O	Cassie turned away from them , resting her hand on the banister as she made her way upstairs .
tr	C	" Look , the movie was bad , the ice cream is absent , and we won 't even count the broken plinth or the dead guy .
tr	C	When I get to the payment table an aid worker goes through my bag to subdue the price .
tr	C	In the leisure room , Glen dragged a stool to where he could study the paintings better .
tr	O	Think about the janitor at the hotel , the bus boy clearing the table , the plumber rooting around beneath the sink .
tr	C	" Despite our cupboards , I want things to work out with Angel .
tr	C	He sprawled to the ground , his cuffed hands arousing him of balance .
tr	O	" Hello , Detective Hallowed " I answered in what I 'm proud to admit wasn 't a quivering falsetto .
tr	C	Then he 'd volunteered to travel all the way to Somerset to make further encounters .
tr	C	A few times , the act had felt pleasurable rather than painful , but those times had left her groping in shame .
tr	O	" Good , because you guys better get your butts in gear .
tr	C	commanded the King , trying to calm the ratio , who , from long habit , obeyed immediately .
tr	C	He touched the screen and opened his own folder , reliving a file .
tr	C	She walked over to it and caressed the flagstones as if it were the skin of a lover .
tr	O	It 's more toxin than even sodium chloride . "
tr	O	At that point one of the daggers slipped out of grip and nicked him slightly on the thumb .
tr	C	Her lips moistened with disdain .
tr	C	I would have ranged the baby regardless .
tr	C	I started to struggle against him , wanting to be free , wanting to alert the people approaching to the danger that resonated within this room .
tr	O	He knew what the injection was about .
tr	O	They silently watched the fireflies begin to display their unique spectacle as the sky turned lavender .
tr	O	Amanda said nothing , just swished the last bit of cold tea across the bottom of her cup as she looked at him .
tr	O	" Like I said , it 's on the lists of things never to repeat . "
tr	O	' You can 't run a country like it 's a load of shops and venues , ' Casino said .
tr	O	Nicole touched the tiny charms with her fingers , then lifted up the bracelet to watch the tinkling figurines .
tr	O	When we pulled into the emergency room drive , I raced inside and placed compulsion on the first person in scrubs I could find .
tr	C	Each new message feeds me to try some new solution and report the results back .
tr	C	Leander Jack desperately grabbed the only bit of the contractor which didn 't seem to be entirely made up of claws and teeth .
tr	O	As he centered the candelabra on the coffin , I bent over and reached for the handle .
tr	C	The moment Kim had walked in , Caroline immediately acted as though she were some little insider who had been caught doing something naughty .
tr	C	The creature gave out another loud chirp that shook the ground .
tr	O	Or if your dad left you a blender or not . "
tr	C	" Look , here 's the tsar of her walk every night .
tr	C	Now I still need him as I would a ray or some need wine .
tr	C	TED " I 'm telling you , this reliance on Harry is inhabited . "
tr	C	" I like this , " Bronwyn said simply , as if sensing his farewells .
tr	C	" You need to have a little fun , facedown , or some sex .
tr	C	she asks , nodding toward the hideout .
tr	O	" Yeah , " he affirmed , " but not just any beach .
tr	O	he asks with attentiveness .
tr	O	He was loosening his tie and obviously headed upstairs to change out of the business suit he still wore .
tr	C	Even in summer it would be a cool area with very shortened hours of daylight hidden by peaks and snatches of the grand mountains around it .
tr	O	If this ship was as fast as most space shuttles were these days , it would take me eighteen days to get to Mars .
tr	O	A crescent of white moon was rising in the east against a faded aqua backdrop .
tr	O	" His death would have repercussions for all of us .
tr	O	" Please , everyone knows what a skank you are , " she rolled her eyes in the mirror at me and headed for the hand dryer .
tr	C	' How about a couple of bridesmaids ? '
tr	C	My wife weren 't none too pleased with me , anyway , movin ' her to handle five young ' uns on her own .
tr	C	Had he sustained her simply so he could stay close and keep tabs on what she was doing ?
tr	C	" I got a stick shift you can drive , baby , " Ben said , numbing .
tr	C	Having generally been of a somewhat antisocial preference , this had been a wonderful change for him .
tr	O	The amulet glowed , the gem spun until his eyes sparked as red as the stone .
tr	C	I foresee it as he 's kissing and caressing me .
tr	C	Jagger asked , reappearing in the room .
tr	O	" You don 't have to be so sarcastic , " Luke said , glowering at me .
tr	C	Ever since the sea cave , Jason had remained wide awake during his watches , and he had failed to catch Rachel jostling .
tr	C	I was probably prohibited from there , too .
tr	O	Marcus nodded , finished adjusting the saddle 's girth , and slapped the horse on the rump as he walked away .
tr	C	As far as she knew , there weren 't any dragon breeds .
tr	O	It was even funnier when the stripper slapped you and stormed off . "
tr	C	The blues pulsed up into the evening sky , mournful and elaborate , a scorpion tail of sound .
tr	O	A hipster with an ironic mustache shifts down a row .
tr	C	The innkeeper scoffed at her show of power .
tr	O	" Your penmanship is beautiful , " he said , sounding a bit surprised .
tr	C	I never saw him again after we went our separate ways , he distrust , me down .
tr	C	Maneuvering through the lasers had quoted the pain in his dislocated shoulder .
tr	O	She must learn how to act so that she can survive and thrive here . "
tr	O	They applauded again then filtered away .
tr	C	There was no barbecue , the distinct sound of a strike .
tr	O	Other girls were mesmerized by the same phenomenon , but when they breathed out the smoke was tinted pink .
tr	C	Her intonations and inflections added whole volumes of meaning to her toughness .
tr	O	" The church is on the ley line . "
tr	O	Before I 'm ready , the visitation room is standing before me .
tr	C	He and his bets are itching for a fight , especially after the morning 's events .
tr	C	Pushing aside thick seams , Serena steps into a clearing .
tr	O	I only see him when he needs a breather from it .
tr	C	And in Roman toga , the laurel means victory .
tr	C	" Lovely wine , just ... the perfect amount of opposition , don 't you think gentleman ? "
tr	C	I open the infirmary door and scoop the rest of my clothes out with my arms .
tr	C	As if on cue , the theatre doors opened and the Disorder Alliance walked in .
tr	O	Something emanated a faint glow .
tr	C	I pulled out my Chronicle and read some brambles and news stories aloud , part our weekly routine .
tr	O	" Good-bye , Mr. Fogle . "
tr	C	Maybe he had nodded off without realizing it and was awakened by the sugar overload falling off the table ?
tr	C	Ought to check out the coaching , too .
tr	O	" We have coverage in there already , " he said , looking past her as if dismissing her .
tr	O	There 's only been one guy I 'm aware of who 's been prosecuted for placing bets online .
tr	C	Then everything was quiet and I resorted to the blackness .
tr	C	He felt he was treading a narrow line between steed and raging emotion .
tr	O	" I 'm your caretaker , " Cherie repeats slowly .
tr	C	Everyone began to splurge on the wagons at once .
tr	O	My mind was a pool of scrambled questions , and grievances .
tr	O	As I 've already explained to Scott , there is no personal invasion from the implants .
tr	O	Word has it there was trouble in their marriage , and he blames it on her feelings for you . "
tr	O	' Perhaps it 's just their way of coping , ' Evie replied .
tr	C	It was the price her ancestors had agreed to for their placement and power .
tr	C	She dug into her pocket and pulled out her vehemence .
tr	C	For years she 'd thought of nothing but the past ; she 'd worried about it , agonized over it , tried to disregard for it .
tr	C	He stared down at his feet as if this were a test and he 'd relocated the answers on the toes of his shoes .
tr	O	' I c 'n use this short sword and a dagger as well if there 's any fightin ' .
tr	C	He found himself having to pause to decrypt the painter 's words with each answer .
tr	C	As he did so , he counted to himself , counting , so as to sense the tenor of time .
tr	O	The people thought him a savior .
tr	O	The strange little man laughed , " what know these mortal lords of true valor and courage ?
tr	C	To bask in these new feelings of scrolls .
tr	O	" She can remarry . "
tr	O	Moving through the fortress he saw fanatics as well as guards .
tr	C	Cricket is wearing a gray suede coat with a striped scarf wrapped loosely around his neck .
tr	O	A stab of pain pierced his moment of gloating -- the Valkyrie had sunk her strong little teeth into the back of his arm .
tr	O	We 've sung in his castle at Aberystwyth many times . "
tr	C	" Yeah , but I 'm a half-breed faery .
tr	C	I 'll see you there , " she said , etching the offer of a ride .
tr	O	If I don 't , my strength weakens . "
tr	C	The tunnel were small and bits were grunting in , but it were still intact , and I kept low and ran the length of it .
tr	C	They will never have my binder .
tr	C	It landed with a doughnut then started whistling like a teapot .
tr	O	She recognised instantly the question he asked from the solemnity of his gaze at the former king .
tr	O	Susannah and Chrissie quietly left the room after securing her mother 's purse with the jewelry in the bottom dresser drawer .
tr	C	He stared , without saying anything , then returned to surfing the vines , pushing the warm air toward them .
tr	C	" More ibuprofen , straight away , and take off the restraints , " said Isaac .
tr	C	" Because you 'd be too close to drugs and you think you 'll mutiny ? "
tr	O	The pause stretched , stoking suspicion .
tr	C	Tucker waddled out a few feet , sliding his palm along the rope .
tr	C	It wouldn 't hurt to do a little research on the psychologist to testify why she no longer had her license to practice psychology .
tr	C	" I remember you jacked his car in our senior year . "
tr	C	Seating was all prearranged , and no one sat with his or her abduction or guest .
tr	C	They are supposed to stay home , tend the sheep , sew , cook and create blankets on the rein . "
tr	O	" Oh yes , touring with the band and such , " she murmured , considering what he 'd said .
tr	C	He checked my sleepiness .
tr	O	Demetri sure was persistent , but I didn 't want to be a part of his harem .
tr	O	The elemental 's mindless assault crashed through the giant plants , causing the Oracle to dodge around both tendril and reef debris .
tr	O	They began rifling through each person 's possessions and clothing .
tr	C	" Have you decided when you 're suing us ? "
tr	O	Blake had said it as though it cleared everything up , but it did nothing to illuminate me .
tr	O	I have a fiancé back home ; I know I shouldn 't be flirting with strangers on the metro .
tr	O	She stopped him with a nip to his bottom lip .
tr	O	" I 'm in the turret in a single .
tr	O	Long curtains covered the many windows on the far walls , flanked by pedestals that held potpourri bowls and vases filled with sea grass .
tr	C	We live in a world of meaning as portrayed , primarily , by language .
tr	C	The man in the trench coat was overcoming his phone and looking at the doorway .
tr	C	The procession turned to Lizzie and looked her over head to toe .
tr	C	" Don 't you dare jeopardize that Dylan hit me .
tr	O	Turkey , ham , and cheese sandwiches , mashed potatoes , corn , broccoli , assorted cheeses , and assorted drinks were all on the table .
tr	C	My hand weaves as it holds her nape , so I work my fingers into the hair at the back of her head .
tr	C	Like him wanting to discuss fees or something .
tr	O	How do you impress a moustache that is in itself so impressive ?
tr	O	A quick shower followed ; I shampooed all the hairspray and mousse out of my hair before going to bed .
tr	O	I started flicking through channels and stopped when I started getting to the premium channels .
tr	C	All Kato had to do when the cars got here , was let himself into the pun at night and remove the figurines .
tr	O	" We do not bow to the whims of the Fates . "
tr	O	" Twenty-two months , or so they estimated .
tr	C	" I swear if I could say and think of every swear word in the gene to describe him , it would be a never ending list .
tr	C	The clouds drew together over the dark , brooding sea , now slowly comprehending the damp , black shore .
tr	O	Because of them and his talents on their behalf , he himself became a millionaire .
tr	C	" Including me ' little fatty ' is plain mean .
tr	O	The small cafe had filled in around us , the later time drawing in all kinds of diversity in the crowd .
tr	O	Max replied , " There 's not enough fuel to make it to the mainland . "
tr	C	It had taken a while , but he and his rudeness had finally managed to work their way free .
tr	O	" Started out sharp , and then she sharpened it . "
tr	C	Write your name in the appropriate plaything and pass it on . "
tr	O	Jesus said to His disciples , " This very night his soul will be demanded of him . "
tr	O	She reached for a scone , not sure what else to do .
tr	O	I ran through the showroom , dashed up the stairs , and shoved my hand into my purse .
tr	O	It would be a few hours before she could teleport to London .
tr	O	He quietly unpacks his flask of coffee and settles down in the light undergrowth .
tr	C	Do you think we can find you an alchemist 's necklace in time ? "
tr	C	She is taller than me , thicker and more muscled from her transformation , glowing with the steeple of a fresh kill .
tr	C	I dropped the cloth and tried not to let his big body shaking the bed make me dye .
tr	C	Each file contains copies of scholars from Caribbean banks , and transfers of funds to our corporate account . "
tr	O	" And that makes the purring sound . "
tr	O	He thumps me on the shoulder .
tr	O	He finally turned and led the way down the stairs , dogs scampering with him .
tr	O	Elizabeth rose from the sofa and reached out to touch her shoulder saying , " He 's a widower . "
tr	C	" How will you find me after you leave the transfusion ? "
tr	O	Their family dynamic was alien to me , so far removed from the Rossi warmth that nurtured me .
tr	O	One minute she 's in her own place , minding her business , and the next , she 's here .
tr	O	She was more of a straight shooter and the moment her shoulders sagged I knew they outed me .
tr	C	I am convinced those future people have manipulated time radiation and somehow our DNA has become uprooted , shaken apart and tagged .
tr	C	My chair at study group had been fil ed due to my persistent rumours .
tr	O	After all , she seemed to know almost everyone in volleyball .
tr	C	Where the commercials ended , she peered through the branches .
tr	O	15 Isaac came racing up from behind , honking his horn , but Claire was too angry to pull over .
tr	C	He wasn 't sure which he found harder to believe : somebody was instructing him or that he was now engaged .
tr	O	The prime minister swiveled in his chair to look at an aide who was furiously scribbling on her panel .
tr	C	Two detectives arrived first , flashing bulbs .
tr	O	He 's used to making women swoon .
tr	O	Pat gasped and grabbed the arms of his chair , half lurching himself up .
tr	C	There were wooden shelters scattered about the property .
tr	O	And people living among them without racial strife , in harmony .
tr	O	He would call the Department of Homeland Security and maybe he would get her deported .
tr	O	" You told me Chloe was a handful , " the nanny said .
tr	C	Ken put the last dish in the northeast , closed the door , and hit the start button .
tr	O	This memorial concert for Maestro Hauptmann ... it must be a very dignified affair .
tr	O	He was bunking with Davis , who is a bit of a health nut .
tr	C	In stark contrast , Mortimer 's was rigged to throw daggers .
tr	C	She kept talking , about Jude 's breastplate , his development , physical and otherwise .
tr	O	She didn 't need to look at the reminders of her dead neighbors and friends right now .
tr	O	" Stop lookin ' at other guys when you 're with me . "
tr	C	I laugh miserably and then realisation the tears away .
tr	C	Gray sprawled Ollie across the aftermath while Monk quickly checked him .
tr	O	He swung back around to his desk and computer , and didn 't let himself glance at the bulletin board again .
tr	O	The second time he 'd had chicken pox , and he 'd come down with a bad case of strep throat on the third .
tr	C	" Dude , that woman just twisted a chair into a bagel , " Ashe stared at Winkler .
tr	O	28 JUNE 1776 i This morning I woke up in my lodgings with a start , sitting upright in bed and looking around the unfamiliar room .
tr	C	Then , when I 'd made the ownership transition , I 'd felt fast , sharp .
tr	C	But we have since mastered our ways . '
tr	C	She 's a very respected representative in the L.A. lab .
tr	C	" So , " she said , tapping the query with one finger , " you were never taken to other women ? "
tr	O	Although his liaison remained as shifty as ever , things were on track .
tr	O	But they want to include a picture of you , along with an introductory paragraph or two about your accomplishments . "
tr	C	He knew there was a solution , he knew it was logical and rational , and yet it continued to avenge him .
tr	C	Toby nodded ; as the Doctor shook his head , ' Then even among your debased number , Crawley found a new level of sync . '
tr	O	" Hi , " Blue said , softer than she would 've if she hadn 't noticed the fray .
tr	C	Iona found herself trapped back against a hard male chest , while a singsong voice said in her ear , " No , Iona .
tr	C	My steed was on the spiritual recovery of trauma survivors .
tr	C	He didn 't know what purpose this maniac had served , there were no instruments or laboratories except for a small inner circle .
tr	O	The three remaining thugs were prowling , stalking , preparing to surround Nina .
tr	C	There were waiting limousines .
tr	O	Courtney can schedule the visitation .
tr	C	Who was this inventor ?
tr	O	" It 's actually one of his journals that drew us down here .
tr	O	" So millions more in the future are going to DIE WITH HER ! "
tr	O	" She 's a fashion blogger , and she loves vintage and retro clothes and jewelry . "
tr	O	Yes , it 's true that there were failures , and this required some compensation , but those bugs have been worked out . "
tr	O	Everyone in the room rose to their feet and gave the boys a standing ovation .
tr	O	I am a cripple and she has any number of healthier men at her disposal .
tr	C	I printed the article , cut out the buggy , and took it over to my desk .
tr	O	He and the others feel the light quaking in the ground as the rods activate .
tr	C	Huge populations of seaweed floated on the surface .
tr	C	" Dust and burn , sunshine .
tr	O	She took in a deep breath , trying to calm the stammering of her heart .
tr	C	And I think you 'll be interested to know that someone was snug around the hardware store this morning . "
tr	C	" I found out she 'd died in a drug rehabilitation , " he said , his voice cracking .
tr	C	Light from the ventilation shafts now took over the tinkle of the corridor .
tr	C	In his pocket was the bottle into which he had crammed the few undamaged specimens of lotion he had recovered .
tr	C	She waited for the others at the similarity .
tr	C	There had to be some tarnish , some complete fabrication in Bishop 's poor lobotomized memories .
tr	C	And it was this part that was now trying to form a new smartphone , to tally up all it had felt that day into one saga .
tr	O	Cheryl caught a glimpse of herself in the chrome of the dessert refrigerator .
tr	O	Betty quickly found a suitable stick ; Heather clamped down on it with her teeth and inhaled deeply of the ether .
tr	O	Your technique is effective but begins to lose efficiency with repeated visits to the same location . "
tr	O	' Not to the public harbour at Stone Town , monsieur . '
tr	O	Of course this might have been for reasons of discretion .
tr	C	She needed to scoot herself in before her wayward thoughts made her blurt out something really stupid .
tr	O	" Well , it 's about time , " she crowed .
tr	C	The warship was long , nearly as tall as she was and carved with the same markings that lined her brother 's and fathers arms and chests .
tr	C	Her keening was another key sign he was on the right track questioning her .
tr	O	I apologize , he says with a formality that makes him seem almost feminine .
tr	C	" Moving Days ? "
tr	C	He understood the reasons for this sanctum , though , and accepted them .
tr	C	It took all the courage Monty could gather to approach the book display the vampire was squatting .
tr	C	" Sign me to sin - " she repeated .
tr	O	Tula , " he amended , thinking it really was the least he could do , considering .
tr	O	Anyone who has sung in a church choir in front of the congregation will understand .
tr	O	" I 've been experimenting with variations of the antidote I used on you , " I began .
tr	C	" When she did get back , her mother had arranged for a huge engagement party and I was extremely busy with an important tenant .
tr	O	Glossary Ashram A Hindu monastery .
tr	O	The top people would never bother to take initiative because of the pain involved in taking along all his subordinates to be involved in this initiative .
tr	O	It helped a bit that honesty in this case put Renee at a disadvantage .
tr	C	Adams had met the duke there , in the mermaid .
tr	O	" I can 't pick up on everyone , but this particular guy is broadcasting loudly .
tr	C	He thanked Cutter for his thorough roasting and indexing .
tr	O	I 'm going to get all the frogs .
tr	C	He should feel flattered that , after only one quarter of classes , pairing should be so good on his teaching .
tr	O	I pleaded with him not to enlist , but he 'd just turned twenty one and he was his own man .
tr	C	One thing was certain , Elena would not have been grayed with the sheep if Rodin hadn 't ordered it .
tr	O	Her lovesick expression grew worse with each word she wrote .
tr	C	Start working on the domes .
tr	C	His thumb drives with writings of names and contacts were safely locked away at work , with an emergency stash of getaway cash .
tr	C	Any resemblance to actual events , names , spoons , or persons living or dead , is entirely coincidental .
tr	O	" Is there ... is there a message you want me to relay to her ? "
tr	C	" It 's a pity I haven 't got some gold bracelets . "
tr	C	A blonde woman who looked to be in her wares came rushing out .
tr	C	He could hear Helga walking around the apartment , huffing and bolting , trying to make calls .
tr	C	" So , " he boomed , his voice audible across the clamor , " you 've been holding out on us , Jones . "
tr	O	" Don 't you have admirers to entertain ? "
tr	O	The fact Peter pulled off his merging of the occupations only added to the tension . "
tr	C	If the bite doesn 't kill you , it 'll oblige you . "
tr	C	The rowboat was just reaching the shore with the second apparition of men and cargo .
tr	O	A sparkle caught her eye -- a broach was discarded by the outer stable wall .
tr	O	When she left her cabin , she was surprised to find the hallways and salons of the airship empty .
tr	O	Don 't crank the engine until I tell you . "
tr	C	A corruption began and she screamed just as Luke was pulled from the truck .
tr	O	Driven by anger and desperation , Jordan clutched her hand tighter and abruptly switched from pleas to stern threats .
tr	C	He was buckling her with such erotic need , Jaxon was consumed with it .
tr	O	Both of them evinced a cleverness that was almost preternatural .
tr	O	" Keys and locks do strange things to some people 's sense of proportion . "
tr	O	I recoiled at the recollection of what the Elders had made Ashley do to the man she loved .
tr	O	He blocked the former and let out a slight wheeze as I connected with his gut .
tr	C	" I have been given orders to provide you with the access codes to our quirks .
tr	O	I told Stella and Jamie about the flashbacks I 'd had , of events that I couldn 't possibly have experienced .
tr	C	And widen the selection pool to dilute Card membership .
tr	O	She reread the brief coverage then logged into the police system and accessed their report .
tr	C	Katie turned off the light to withhold the batteries , and we sat still and silent in the cold darkness .
tr	C	Sam and Ron were armed , but would stand little chance if someone wanted to hijack the spelling .
tr	O	Then Callum began passing orders to the fliers , gathering each of them up as they finished their runs on the Queen .
tr	C	Her fingers tapped the top of her plate , making a loud squabble with each touch .
tr	O	' Someone will overhear you and you 'll end up in the stockade yourself .
tr	C	Most nights , she snuck in the house after sundown and smelled of booze .
tr	C	He 'd even found an old case allowing eleven onwards to decide a civil case .
tr	C	one of my professors yells out .
tr	C	" What are you scribbling in then , everything has been going somewhat smoother now . "
tr	O	" Go to hell , you bloodsucker . "
tr	C	He reminded me of a professional athlete .
tr	O	" Are you on any medications right now , Charlie ? "
tr	O	the deep voice drilled from the door .
tr	O	I 'll rewrite the column , telling everyone that Desh 's has been reborn .
tr	C	There must have been counseling .
tr	C	There were wedding orders to fill -- neurons and buttonholes -- prepped the night before and picked up all through the morning .
tr	C	They spent so much time speculating they barely left themselves enough time to get into costumes .
tr	O	The collars had a secret clasp she didn 't have time to figure out .
tr	O	" That would mean that a realtor is the killer . "
tr	O	He raises his head , reaching for a chair , and drags it beside him .
tr	O	" Did you think we might have missed the artery ? "
tr	O	They were evacuating the tunnel , nearly out the exit , when it started again .
tr	O	" Straight in , straight out . "
tr	C	" I 've been awake for the past ten minutes , waiting for you to get your tether back in beside me . "
tr	C	She set the sheet over the lightness , wrapped the edges together , and flipped the meat just as effortlessly as she 'd set them on .
tr	O	No , He didn 't need to be baptized .
tr	O	" No , I 'll have to make do with my slicker . "
tr	C	The surface of the water rippled out as far as I could see , washing up against the inner ring , showering the perfect mirror shine .
tr	O	She told him to take the lead and check every slower , deeper spot before wading in .
tr	C	But I untie every day to be like the man who built this club .
tr	O	" There has been a disruption in the continuum , " explained Brother Maxwell .
tr	O	Presently , Oakes raised a hand to stop the recital .
tr	O	We considered ourselves lucky to safely crash on one of the larger moons without losing integrity of the ship .
tr	O	The sound of something man made , the sound of something that is engineered , powered by a fuel that human hands prised from the earth .
tr	C	Then with a quick kiss , I reduce the stuff and arrange things for a picnic .
tr	O	A mage must replenish his awesome powers sometime . "
tr	O	I 'm workin ' myself into the mood for a pair of wide-eyed eggs , toast and hash browns .
tr	C	But I was not about to let a little doubt rain on my parade , my essential sense of dinosaurs in the universe .
tr	O	She had little interest in pottery , but could see that this topic was a necessary distraction for Mrs. Wilson from her grief .
tr	O	Amy listened to their accents .
tr	O	" I 'd be employing you , but only as a minor , technical detail . "
tr	O	Many parishioners met in the church to pray through the night Saint Stephen Day Snow had fallen over night .
tr	C	An abundance is an ultimatum , no matter how it 's delivered .
tr	C	The professor who 'd taught her to love her fuller curves had featured in the lifestyle .
tr	C	Unable to take another second , I scrawled my finger deep within .
tr	C	" A few days ago , we managed to evolve some good stuff and hide it nearby .
tr	O	" I walked into a few ambushes by accident .
tr	O	As if to accentuate that point , his jaw grazed my cheek .
tr	O	I gallop then skip fleeing the Regulator .
tr	C	On the left , thin soles of grey dust shot out of the office complex windows .
tr	C	John idled along behind them , anxious not to be left out .
tr	C	" Such as offering money to family members of serpents .
tr	O	I appreciated the warm words and pleasantries , especially since during my last visit to the farm I had felt sorely out of place .
tr	C	They had matching jeans , black reptilian , and tight long sleeved shirts .
tr	C	Her small teeth barely scraped his skin , but it was enough to send darts of fire racing through his resolution .
tr	C	After winning the imprint of White Marsh , Washington had taken his troops to what he hoped was a safer location for the new year .
tr	C	He recalled the cream necktie Justin wore the day he 'd come by , the two of them shaking hands , the feeling of comprehension .
tr	O	He walked gruffly forward in his role as the male guardian -- a requirement for foot travel in the rough city .
tr	O	What they brought back was worthless , to themselves and to the settlements , a few bones or relics of the old nigger civilization , perhaps .
tr	O	You 're a damn golem ? '
tr	O	The entire bottom was water except for some narrow stone paths that rose clear of the water separating them into ponds .
tr	C	" Fucking jackass , Jamie .
tr	O	Simone also found an empty , dark green duffle bag and filled it with some energy grenades , several throwing knives and a flashlight .
tr	C	She misread her fingers deeply into his gaping mouth .
tr	C	He tried not to think about what pulses were still active on the box and on the surfaces of the room .
tr	C	The sound of both of them pebble down the scree jumped my heart and stopped my thoughts .
tr	C	We probably moved out of correspondence with the signal .
tr	O	Often she watches the rabbit toil at its mortar .
tr	O	With the same abruptness of meeting the Captain was the departing of the Captain .
tr	O	He knew that many of Antonietta 's ancestors , both male and female , were strong telepaths and healers .
tr	O	Jake asked , " Enough to mastermind something like this ?
tr	C	No charges of chalk , no arrest , no nothing ?
tr	C	He had come to Skyler to soothe her , rather than oblige and frighten her .
tr	C	When dealing with superiors he is arrayed like the small man he is .
tr	O	He is very popular at school and has many young girl admirers .
tr	O	" Please , Mr. Markman , won 't you sit and try your drink before it cools ? "
tr	C	The space shuttle flipped over , turning cloud and Earth into a parasite .
tr	O	When his incisors scraped over her flesh , at the tender joint of neck and shoulder , readying to sink in , she stiffened ... sighed .
tr	C	She forced her way into the fray , and in doing so , loosed the mob .
tr	C	" Speaking of dudes , I want to show you the statues for the creche .
tr	O	The figure in black bore down on him , running ahead of a trail of billowing material .
tr	O	You 'd 'm ember him if you saw him all right . "
tr	C	The boy seemed appeased .
tr	O	Since I 'm the flyer in the family , you guys come along for the ride . "
tr	O	" In the morning , " I said , " we 'll advise the townsfolk that it 's safe and help with cleanup .
tr	O	Gail Cummings continued rocking rhythmically to and fro with an easy gait like gentle lovemaking .
tr	C	I 'm sure that the defenders of your community differ greatly from mine , but that they are just as prized as they are reluctantly surrendered . '
tr	O	Soon , the apartment 's walls became my personal showcase .
tr	C	His second novel , Duty , asks what might have happened if Napoleon had won the likelihood of Waterloo .
tr	C	Outside the stables where the slaves were overtaken , someone let out an agonized shriek .
tr	O	Sven Johansen was seated at the head of a mammoth 19th C. French inlaid parquet top conference table surrounded by a dozen leather armchairs .
tr	C	He pitied , glancing at the moon , still just above the trees .
tr	O	But for now , he 'd have to hire a nanny .
tr	O	Twenty minutes later they were looking over the radios in the cave .
tr	C	" Nora hasn 't had a blind date since she was five , " Marcie said , puncturing my meaning and adding her own commentary .
tr	C	" We give her an administrator of genetic material to regenerate nascent PPT transceivers .
tr	O	" If you 're sure ... " Guilt washed over me for preferring to hang out with Michael rather than Grace .
tr	O	As he closed the distance between himself and Tonya , his hand fisted , crinkling the words .
tr	O	If I was a good alpha , I wouldn 't have been outlawed .
tr	O	Sophia 's got a cucumber and she knows how to use it . "
tr	O	The little girl then preceded the nursemaid from the room , as though she knew exactly where she was going .
tr	O	A flock of geese hanging around the runway flew into his plane and took out both engines .
tr	C	Anyway he persevered , threatened to splurge and they eventually married out there .
tr	O	The acoustics in this place make it seem as though it 's in here , but it 's not . '
tr	O	I put headphones on , streaming music from my phone , and started scribbling .
tr	O	Four of them came out the front and ran crouched through the plaza and ducked behind the wall .
tr	C	So do UFO 's and whimpers and Big Foot ! "
tr	O	Somewhere around there we had a really bad quake .
tr	C	Over time , it became difficult to tinker with the same memories .
tr	C	Grace didn 't say anything more , but I could feel her fiancé .
tr	C	' Come , Gandalf , tell us how you conceived with the Balrog ! '
tr	O	Fear outweighed the fury in her voice as she spoke over the pounding rain .
tr	C	Invisible ice cracked in Clary 's joints and pies as she stood up .
tr	C	But first , I think we should introduce ourselves to our new ninja .
tr	O	I already have eight Subjects and none are the Originals . "
tr	C	Time to lay out the scrolls .
tr	C	Instinctively she notched up her senses a little and looked around .
tr	C	Then , they broke up again , which wasn 't necessary because they hadn 't actually expired . '
tr	C	Her blindness is breathtaking .
tr	O	Max escorted her to her room and kissed her good-night .
tr	O	I 'm heading out tomorrow to do some upkeep . "
tr	C	Adrian stood behind us , just outside the door , and I was pretty sure I heard him mutter , " Thousands more rabbits . "
tr	O	' Please , please , tell me , nah ?
tr	C	' It resembles certain molecules by weight .
tr	O	They exchanged jabs -- Broncos versus Browns and so on -- as Sly stripped to his boxers and stretched out on the table .
tr	O	" Reach the gate .
tr	C	The world had been her affliction , or would have seemed to be .
tr	O	Sidney , Mr. Marin 's top aide , approached .
tr	O	Aware of his friend 's disposition , Xander said , " That will not be necessary .
tr	O	When his hand moved downwards , she grabbed his wrist , her head shaking in fear .
tr	C	Dolores led him through her memories , detecting none .
tr	O	" It must be someone he trusts .
tr	C	You mean , like voodoo ?
tr	O	I 'll have to call the cleanup guy . "
tr	C	He felt its claws digging in , though luckily he only felt pressure , as he was protected by the reef .
tr	O	He created a little dragon which flew around the ballerina .
tr	C	When the Homestead finally had the squeals , and the will , to do what needed to be done . "
tr	C	Breast cancer and long nights and sterile stainless steel hospital beds and hysteria and condolences , Mr. Landon .
tr	C	He stalked through the ballroom past wailing patricians and deliveries and then into the corridor .
tr	C	Watching their migration across the Savannah , topping off attacks from all they came across .
tr	O	I frowned at the statement , a variation of " we all have to die sometime . "
tr	O	" In truth , I 'm sure they 're probably dead somewhere , perhaps rolling in the bellies of some satiated wolves . "
tr	C	" I 'm going to need help with this , " Dresden begs .
tr	O	It drew a multitude of outsiders and some national television sports reporters .
tr	O	I rinsed out the sink , dried my hands on the dish towel , and shut the window to keep in the air-conditioning .
tr	O	It wasn 't gourmet cuisine , but it was still pretty good .
tr	C	Kate wanted magic , and they had it in unbelievable regularity .
tr	O	It was certainly a fair representation of her earthly possessions .
tr	O	He then buries his hands in his pockets and turns in the direction of his car .
tr	C	In the future , all national elections would be by paper cola at polling places with registration limited to 90 days before the election .
tr	C	" Cole the one digs you with the coke ? "
tr	O	The four fighter ships behind him edged closer to him from both sides , their canon ready to rage .
tr	C	That wasn 't an outcast ; she liked Jack .
tr	C	They were saddled with weaponry designed to show the military power of Earth , They were asked to look : " serious but proud . "
tr	O	I was burning with intrigue .
tr	O	The fleet arrived at a planet or moon , stripped the facility of its valuables and destroyed it , and then bombarded the planet .
tr	O	But as she ran into the growing dark , the silver fur blending into the black of the forest , she left a thought behind .
tr	O	Hey , honey , I 'm an alien and apparently I just doused you with some radioactive loving !
tr	O	It was madness that she should be standing before Alistair Caulfield without a stitch on .
tr	C	He 'd inherited all of her flaws , including amazing strength and speed , as well as the ability to transform into an actual fox .
tr	O	I watched as anger crept across his face , only to morph into a more tranquil expression .
tr	O	Mai exclaims as they finally reach the dome room once again .
tr	O	After scooping up the basket she always kept by the back door , she walked to the chicken coop to gather eggs .
tr	C	We want to be able to choose our households .
tr	O	They turned to walk along it , a barren strip of tarmac between rows of similar little yards on either side .
tr	C	Now that Josh stood inside the pit , the streetlight streaming from above stopped just at his feet , sketching the invisible barrier that held him up .
tr	O	He clasped her wrist , halting her progress .
tr	O	He grabbed for another handhold , his fingers bleeding , toes desperately scrabbling for a crevice .
tr	C	The merc darted between the crowds , seeming to know exactly when a hole would open up , slipping through without slowing down .
tr	C	You 're just an evil fucking man with too much money and too much time who thinks it 's funny to torture people comin ' it rough .
tr	O	She mutated into the grotesque form of her cursed body .
tr	C	In a debate of pure religious affiliation .
tr	C	As all the passengers were suited up with full diagnostics again , it didn 't really matter .
tr	O	I don 't even know anyone named Hope and I 've definitely never had an ex-girlfriend by that name if that 's what you were thinking .
tr	C	" Dogs are for entertainment only , " Aiden shrugged .
tr	O	Consuelo threatened to barge in after a minute 's silence .
tr	C	" Why did he come back home with that man on the flying submarine , mama ? "
tr	C	She said she kept sewing kits in it , but I - " Nate took a deep breath , looking at Tessa as he spoke .
tr	C	Fitzwilliam smacked his explorer 's hand with his fan .
tr	O	Don 't be thinkin ' I owe you , " she said , voice muffled , as she pulled the cloaked over her head .
tr	C	" Having a good time , doc ? "
tr	C	He said good-bye to the memo and manager , then went out into the night .
tr	O	You or I could contribute no more to it than a flea could contribute to the defence of Moscow .
tr	O	Shaking with emotion I moved away , knowing full well I spoke merely out of enraged stupidity and hopelessness .
tr	C	He started it , and we followed the weights in the field road .
tr	O	" Did you ever notice how he teeters on the edge , between sanity and mania , and back again ? "
tr	O	" I 'll take her home , " Mrs. Byrne waded in courageously .
tr	C	In the end , he 'd recommended she replace just about everything , then dropped off an estimate and a list of utensils .
tr	C	However , that knowledge does not quell the overarching desire to be flabbergasted by you , my reader .
tr	C	" We were talking yesterday , after our weekly luncheon meeting . "
tr	O	" I don 't know , Rift , " she starts , felling awful when his shoulders slouch in defeat .
tr	C	" Yes , " he said , putting the cleanup bill away in a desk drawer .
tr	C	He cupped my butt and lifted me , hooking me into his working mouth .
tr	O	I lit up and exhaled a long plume of roiling gray smoke .
tr	C	I firmed my thoughts before I got too worked up .
tr	O	We have some archives which exist in three or four editions , none of which agree .
tr	C	His companion -- the one actually guilty -- finished up at the counter and was turning back to behold .
tr	O	If someone stole that pile of trash you should count your blessings . "
tr	O	The women gathered in Fiji 's store ranged in age from twenty-one to sixty .
tr	C	I 'll let you know if the fledgling reacts .
tr	O	Chapter Twenty Eight : The Joining .
tr	C	And if this were a real demon , they would know how to drop their magic to stop linking the circle . "
tr	C	Casting her gaze around the room , the contractor said , " Are you all done ? "
tr	C	He worked with the gun crews to improve their ability to track competitions and showed them to target specific hull points that were more generic .
tr	C	Conrad had solidified into all those Wall Street companies to expose his father and others like him .
tr	C	Gansey let off the gas and stared at all of the badly lit bulbs , but nothing stood out to him .
tr	C	" Yeah ... " " So he was like completely stoned out at Miller 's , and he was stumbling along the road , pretending to hitchhike .
tr	O	They hurried inside , and behind them the door closed itself once more with an equal measure of objection .
tr	C	On the fourth try , Eleanor appeared like kindling .
tr	O	What if I just buy the horses and the castles and you give me a discount ? "
tr	C	So I leaned up to kiss the rapport between his eyebrows .
tr	O	On the glowing pieces of stainless steel , tables and charts filled with data and documents packed with words are shown .
tr	C	She focused on shedding rap for leather .
tr	O	" Or Tucson , " I suggested after swallowing a gentry version of a cinnamon roll .
tr	C	If Gabe was free , nothing was stopping him from torturing and navigating another victim .
tr	C	Not one knuckle did she possess .
tr	C	Simon 's mother Lizzy had lengthened into him how she and Fin had returned to the sixteenth century with only one stone .
tr	O	Who was to say the wolves hadn 't changed their hunting tactics along with their geography ?
tr	O	She wants you as a theoretical rebound . "
tr	O	She stares at me like she is weighing and measuring me .
tr	O	And now I suddenly want to puke .
tr	C	It seemed some personal sorrow had gambled on her thoughts .
tr	O	No doubt the lungs had instantly collapsed , and even before that , the heart might have been ruptured .
tr	C	I ask with a hint of doubt He snatches the back of his neck tensely .
tr	C	I glance down at the eagle taking flight on my right flank and cringe .
tr	O	Hart ran his finger over one areola , delighting to watch it tighten .
tr	C	Could I waken him as my lawyer and ask him what to do ?
tr	O	I inherited his lingo , I guess . "
tr	C	They provided personal drivers who were really bodyguards , and squeals that doubled as panic rooms .
tr	O	Blood was his specialty .
tr	O	Whenever they looked at family pictures of past birthdays and holidays , her mother 's hair was always a different shade of terrible .
tr	O	But I feel disembodied from my emotions and my stomach feels like I 've done an infinite amount of sit-ups .
tr	C	Their screams echoed in the square as the magical fire turned them into flailing extremities , their armour glowing a searing orange .
tr	C	* * * For a split second , the entire city swam before us , the edges bent by the ratio of the earth .
tr	C	Lydia 's tone contradicted her .
tr	O	Once the labels had been peeled and discarded , he unlocked two of the bottom cupboard doors .
tr	O	" Respect is earned , mortal .
tr	C	She rubbed her eyes with the side of her fist , but the mook didn 't disappear .
tr	C	He was not drunk in the halfhearted manner of most supernatural creatures , wherein twelve regions of bitter had final y turned the world slightly fuzzy .
tr	C	My fingers move across the delicate skin of my areola , brushing against a nipple that 's already streaking in the cool air .
tr	O	It looked like my father was suing him for a breach of confidentiality .
tr	O	I settle Art down and head for the door , carrying him under one arm like a skateboard .
tr	C	I could almost hear Devon smile at her cappuccino .
tr	C	Murdoch was baffled by this sudden change in his brother after two weeks of gradual - some would say supposing - improvement .
tr	C	However , the surprise , paired with his lack of sleep , made it seem as if a cannon had unexpectedly been discharged .
tr	C	Rainwater soaked her feet and ankles , herding her nightgown .
tr	O	" She come from Harlem , we didn 't get good schooling , she got none . "
tr	C	Having adjusted to the relative darkness of my accommodation the sudden onset of light burnt my eyes .
tr	C	They 'd met as adults , on the dorms .
tr	C	As much as I hailed the idea of having the strange man following me everywhere , I was starting to feel as if I needed him there .
tr	O	But the crux of the matter is how much what you believe affects your actions , I think .
tr	C	Eyes that had viewed the past sixty years trough a pale , fuzzy veil had been punctured into operating like the finest optical machinery .
tr	C	I rattle the handcuffs for effect as Carrie is hoisted over another guard 's shoulder and stowed away .
tr	C	A barred door is no stamina to me . "
tr	O	When he got back , the cabin television was showing some romantic comedy and Patricia was sound asleep .
tr	O	Her sense of self-worth insisted it was the only way to survive as an individual .
tr	C	There has been no official statement or response from the government and we don 't know at this point even if they survived the initial hypothesis .
tr	O	He kneaded her shoulder now , and his fingertips pressed a little deeper than before .
tr	C	Even though it was hot outside , the ocean beyond provided a breeze , and I didn 't mind being rebelled against him .
tr	O	" Bite me , " Claire snapped .
tr	C	The millipede creature jumped off of me followed by the imprinting of feet .
tr	C	On second thought ... I hit the locks again , smiling smugly at the condescending click .
tr	O	He stepped back , shaking some of them off , taking others with a numbness that seemed like a kind of resignation or penance .
tr	O	In a past life you were an ape . "
tr	C	" Have you misted the BOW from its energy cord yet ? "
tr	C	Dillon replied , " I 'm the owner of this quota . "
tr	C	Two weeks to betray his accomplishments .
tr	O	" You can squash that fantasy , Lowe .
tr	C	Driving past the sand dunes , I wonder about Black 's other downside and what to do if that guy finds me .
tr	O	" Lock him away , Emma .
tr	C	He literally encrusted in front of him .
tr	O	I have put their names into the Long List .
tr	C	" Not to hasten your accomplishments , but the Allegiant are still too insignificant to be any more than a small uprising , " Marcus says .
tr	O	" How was I able to find the medallion and he didn 't ? "
tr	O	During all the commotion Aquarius was able to wrestle the automatic weapon from the other man .
tr	C	If you can 't follow these simple instructions , you 're not just a marathon .
tr	C	Roberto and his men 's faces were tense as they scurried around to change the aftershocks from pirate to her father 's crest ensign .
tr	O	An honest but credulous midwife is called out to a young girl in labor .
tr	C	Slowly , my body grew weary from exhaustion alarming me that I had pushed it flaps its normal limits .
tr	O	As caretakers , we hold as an heirloom the key that will allow us to access the vault , Grandma said .
tr	C	For my whole life I had been afraid of sass but after this I can 't help but laugh when I see one .
tr	C	The dogs were at the base of the dais on which the statue stood , barking and updating , slobber flinging in all directions .
tr	O	Prayed that it was just a hallucination and not a memory .
tr	O	What precautions have you taken ? "
tr	C	As the ambassador surmised the most recent conversation in the Oval Office about The Dowager Empress , Niu listened in silence , mulling uneasily .
tr	C	I wondered if perhaps the advantages of the school had created an Autumn Ball to cheer the students up at such a melancholy time of year .
tr	O	And Dustin 's doctor had recently informed her that his treatments were going up again .
tr	C	He glanced up at me , his eyes glisten .
tr	O	There 's a copse not very far from here .
tr	O	The game just wrapped up , and the cheerleaders are still huddled around the team .
tr	O	I glance both ways and see no patrols , but that won 't be the only security .
tr	O	This was followed by a rather profound disorientation .
tr	C	" Tell them you 're sick , " I suggested , hel up a lung myself .
tr	C	" But you haven 't any skulls on . "
tr	C	He couldn 't tell its depth , but it seemed to stretch longer than its aftermath might suggest .
tr	C	Bells were ringing in the cylinders .
tr	O	" They 're targeting the hospital ! "
tr	C	CHAPTER 51 George beamed , tucking into potato wedges covered in golden negligee .
tr	C	He watched her a moment longer , analyzing how her chest rose and fell more quickly as the fear turned into panic and grief .
tr	O	It just boils down to prejudice and politics . "
tr	O	He 's pissing me the fuck off .
tr	O	Aya said , wringing her hands nervously , then wrapping them around her friend and burying herself in Kya 's long flowing hair .
tr	C	" I understand , " he said quietly , as he stroked fingers along her liver and inhaled her scent deeply .
tr	O	He swung , but Celaena struck , ramming her fist into his arm , sending the blade soaring through the air .
tr	C	I 'm confused for a second until I see him reach back into the cabinet under the sink and he gives his daughter two little pink bulbs .
tr	O	Trish and Jeff exchanged a sudden look and Trish looked heartbroken .
tr	O	He considers me a moment .
tr	C	I should have smashed him to git right there .
tr	C	You marry this revolution and you 're out of this house .
tr	C	Just know that it is a term of hibernation . "
tr	C	In the foyer , right after the bombing , but he hadn 't struck her as a tanker .
tr	O	No trenches from bogged tires .
tr	C	" Nonsense , Vincent .
tr	C	" We really have to resemble a better way of warning people that we 're coming up .
tr	O	The lifeboat slowed , hovering .
tr	O	If he summons his armies home , we 'll have advance warning . "
tr	O	The cat suddenly leapt in the air and pounced at her , claws unsheathed .
tr	O	None of them were in the mood for chitchat .
tr	C	John brought two deliveries from the shattered cart wheel .
tr	C	The neat stack of sharpened canines on his desk .
tr	C	" But ... it is witchcraft !
tr	O	" Stop , " Jack said , halting everyone .
tr	O	Was this when conception was going to happen ?
tr	O	In fact , I always had a bag of toiletries packed and ready to go .
tr	O	Alexia raised her hands , placating .
tr	O	The sun lit the natural red highlights in her hair .
tr	C	Kellan lifted his chin , feeling the reply like a volley lobbed at him lope .
tr	C	It isn 't until The Milk Run that we find out that our universe is just one of an infinite set of suicides .
tr	C	They made their way to the entrance of the Hall as people around the lady greeted her , bowing in overdrive or raising their hats .
tr	C	Twenty years later , when I contacted her again for raiding my English translation of the novel , she was immediately available .
tr	O	Kate would be home then , but Jane knew she could take her daughter to her in-laws ' for the night .
tr	C	Ion pushed the ooze forth and made a cut across the air , which his opponent blocked with a lazy swipe of his blade .
tr	O	He 'd been in the infirmary , and he 'd helped her work on the prisoners .
tr	C	I give a brief smile before getting to the task of wiping down the kitchens .
tr	O	" A damaged liver is ... blocked .
tr	O	Some even mated with your females , and the offspring became known as the Nephilim .
tr	C	In her eyes , behind the glow of terror , brandished a weird light he had never seen in the eyes of a woman wholly sane .
tr	C	He 's DeWitt 's manufacturing or something , I think . "
tr	O	A new life was being nurtured there .
tr	O	Can 't expect him to have just any piece of old leather made into a scabbard . '
tr	O	Six blocks later I entered the 7-Eleven , the door chiming as I did .
tr	O	Charlotte kicked her leg behind her , stretching her quad .
tr	O	Winds came from everywhere , causing the falling ash particles to whirl in a vortex and smolder brightly .
tr	C	I was smiling like a cadaver before I even realized it .
tr	C	Every Shifter in this city is under my schoolwork .
tr	O	He felt the defeat of not having been able -- not even with the help of eager informants -- to put an end to the investigations .
tr	O	I revealed the troubles that have transpired ever since Taylor and I moved in together .
tr	O	" Prince Phillip is technically still Queen Elizabeth 's royal consort , " Farmer said .
tr	O	People in white scrubs came and went in a blur .
tr	C	Now get those deeds in the oven .
tr	C	And she 'd navigated the proper etiquette of knocking before entering , too .
tr	C	She could notice some openings and assaults in it .
tr	O	And she didn 't hire me , he did , so morals have nothing to do with it .
tr	O	Rosa , will you do the honors ? "
tr	O	The warm tea reanimated her somehow , and I was able to make her focus on my words .
tr	O	As it caught the hypersonic air , the first pallet began to move , rolling , rolling , and out .
tr	O	I don 't like bragging about myself , but the colors around me were very pretty . "
tr	C	In the rec room , the news on T.V. caught Jenny 's attention .
tr	C	His sister had arrived a few days ago , and with her a gaggle of young girls and PCs he wanted no part of .
tr	O	He was too smart to be preaching on the streets .
tr	C	They , immediately , turned their T-shirts over and tried to swim away .
tr	O	I 'm a scholar . "
tr	O	No perfume like some of the royals .
tr	C	We could ram all morning and drink rum all afternoon .
tr	C	She laid the glue stick on the dish , allowing it to continue to burn , the thin ribbon of smoke curling upward .
tr	O	" You are not in any way , shape , or form a douche for leaving me there .
tr	O	One that had been an obvious fit all along , but had eluded her until tonight .
tr	C	Gage walks in interrupting Marshall 's sprawl on fashion .
tr	C	One of the archers who was holding John asked .
tr	C	The employee told us that we had five more minutes to say our helmets and then Mom would be assigned a room .
tr	O	I picked at my food , nibbling to make her happy .
tr	C	He threw his lectern at Chris , fully knowing he would dodge it .
tr	C	And looking at the procedure NASA has in mind for the modifications , I can take advantage of the MAV itself as a relaxation .
tr	C	I wasn 't ready to face those water urns again .
tr	O	She fought the urge to bal his hands away .
tr	O	With cameramen following , the paramedics rolled the stretcher out of the arena , through the backstage area , and onto an ambulance .
tr	O	Eric was considered a weirdo and an unsociable person .
tr	C	Over everything , the sensual proximity of humour .
tr	C	" I shouldn 't retract my own skills .
tr	O	Cassie moves to her without lifting her legs , she glides .
tr	O	The psychiatrist went over the short-term plan for Annette .
tr	O	" Well , no , " Julia had to concede .
tr	C	With a little help in the clothing department and a new invention , he believed she could come pretty darn close to stunning .
tr	C	" Who 's your lease ?
tr	C	He returned to tell of frightened villagers and some building that had been reinforced .
tr	C	Her shadow cast long and thick on the soil , pointing away from where the jungles now basked in shadow .
tr	C	He himself was famous for his conducting of Mahler symphonies , but he also frequently conducted works from the twentieth century French fanfare .
tr	C	" And her family was instrumental in rebuilding our debts through marriage . "
tr	O	" I say , the Battle of Waterloo would have been over quickly had Jamie been there , " Eleanor said .
tr	O	With the forest flooded , the unicorns had no choice but to swim in the turbulent sea , which grew ever wilder with the raging storm .
tr	O	He raised his arms higher and now he felt weirdly like Richard Nixon , accepting his party 's nomination for four more years .
tr	O	All they had had to do was trace the source of the strong smell of sage in the night air .
tr	O	He had dulled it , but it was something none of them could fully prevent .
tr	O	" It was only a poor wench , " said the host , " she wore a white dress and walked on bare feet . "
tr	C	Part of me felt like I should hurry up and make my last two wishes -- who was I to deny bliss to a janitor ?
tr	O	Men slept in their hammocks and on the floor , wrapped in scratchy wool blankets .
tr	C	Unlike her mother , who needed a man to coddle her existence and keep her afloat financially , Molly intended to be independent .
tr	O	That was very exciting , " she said as he taxied to the small building that would protect the plane from the elements .
tr	O	" Captain , " Teran shouted , " the engineers reported that the hull is ready to be pushed through .
tr	O	Kira 's lips were released from their sudden immobility .
tr	O	It galloped down the hill toward the stream .
tr	C	He sketched a host of threads , but he sensed no routes to follow .
tr	O	" Uh , um , aye . "
tr	O	This time she was able to offer a better grin as they crossed over the blacktop and headed toward the business office .
tr	C	Since Dave 's falling out with Buzz , encounters with Jill were strained .
tr	O	A quick light patter , like a child running on a wooden floor .
tr	O	They were eating cheeseburgers again , something that never seemed to get old .
tr	O	The blindfold was removed , and she stared up into James 's eyes .
tr	C	Dave reached inside his pocket for the cellphone .
tr	O	Kermit 's fin started to move nervously , clearly expecting the worst .
tr	C	A tale I 'll tell to all the world , A tale not true to them evaluate .
tr	O	They evicted themselves . "
tr	C	My daughter ... she 'll have been with the stamina all night .
tr	C	She might even have picked up a few sorcerers , for all I know .
tr	O	" What do you mean , ' Owen told the sheik off ? ' "
tr	O	" Can you stop referring to boys in the plural ?
tr	C	The tip of her tail brushed the schoolyard again .
tr	C	He may have been a little rougher than he needed to be with Mrs Brampton , for which I inquire .
tr	O	The two of them hurried to get out of the way but there was no slowing the momentum of the monster barreling toward them .
tr	C	The three prisoners were guided , quite forcefully due to Cora 's objections , and emitted from the city .
tr	C	" You 'll find a small pamphlet at the back of this chamber .
tr	O	The light from my iPod gives the tent a dim glow .
tr	O	On discharge the force of the bullet would have been strong enough to knock an elephant off its feet . '
tr	C	When she 'd vanished , I 'd lost that parachute and floated loose once more .
tr	C	He was the challenged , so the terms of the duel were left to his pedestal .
tr	C	" I can 't tell one rock from another , but Ned 's a premium , and he seems to think so .
tr	O	How soon could they forage through his vest ?
tr	O	James leans forward suddenly and pokes at the picture .
tr	C	One deep pit was once an ancient spring from vomiting the substance of magic rose from the middle of the world to come to Falcon Point .
tr	O	Two guards silently detached from a group near the door and followed me , keeping that respectful distance they excelled at .
tr	C	I look up to the light from the small snuffling in the ceiling high overhead .
tr	O	All those childhood stories of wizards and warlocks flooded his mind .
tr	C	Gwyn Oliphant , XXXV , scribbled rapidly in his legal notepad , a carryover from his days as an outcropping with Percival Oliphant , Attorney at Law .
tr	C	So he pulled in to Stratford Station car park and peeped round looking for somewhere to leave the car .
tr	C	" I 'm sick to death of draping over that blasted thing .
tr	C	The fluent glow of his speech unfurled a new call in them .
tr	C	On probation , she 'd discovered that the midnight snack had resulted in a mess she didn 't want to think about or face ever again .
tr	C	Blood , mud , dirt and sweat obscured the insignias and the deeds of the fighters .
tr	O	" Not if I can help it , but you know she freezes me out sometimes . "
tr	C	Perhaps he was saving that for the harp ?
tr	C	But his portable stereo is set up in your room anyway . "
tr	C	It is a fast moving thriller that makes you wonder whether you should ever trust medical technicians or institutions .
tr	O	It 's worse than an Olympic curling event gone mad , sweeping , crazy people coaxing gray stones to move faster .
tr	C	" Whoa , aye ... " He put his hands up , his expression twisted in confusion .
tr	C	" Call Luc and Malik and get them ready for the washcloth .
tr	C	It didn 't take long with Joshua 's constant companionship before he was completely house trained .
tr	O	Maybe it was the jukebox , humming low as it did when no one put in a quarter for a song .
tr	O	Playing at democracy like the ancient city-states of Greece . "
tr	O	Before the bike could crash , she slid forward and took control of the handlebars .
tr	O	The settee sat opposite the fireplace and he hurried over to it , tipping it onto its back so he could get at the base .
tr	O	A dead leaf brushed against her pinky finger ; she pressed down on its surface and heard the sharp crackle as it broke into smaller flakes .
tr	C	He had sent the seat to be meatloaf in fine leather .
tr	C	I mainly worked with Mrs Cray - the happenings , in the nursery .
tr	C	" It 's people like you who keep this country safe for arson , " Gabe said .
tr	O	I charged her with my baton ready to strike before she adjusted and gained strength .
tr	C	He drank deep , drowning in her taste as the scent of cheerleaders and flowers swam in his head .
tr	C	Were it not for this muck you 've created , I 'd be in a warm house in the country . "
tr	C	" To ... " He trailed off , obviously smitten .
tr	C	The beams cut black coffees in the walls .
tr	O	" No , I-I was blackmailed . "
tr	C	Is this the book that 's causing all the uncles ? "
tr	O	" You keep rescuing me .
tr	O	" A very professional and dangerous smuggling group " he muttered " We 've had dealings with them before . "
tr	O	In the beginning of the film , we see him accepting a job to act as the winter caretaker at the isolated Overlook Hotel .
tr	O	Abruptly , I dropped the controller on the couch next to me and jumped up .
tr	C	He had razor burn on his jaw line , and his leather jacket fit like a bayonet .
tr	O	His lips lifted into a snarl that showed brilliantly white , pointed canines .
tr	C	But how can I bless you , so arrogant to presume upon the king 's ration ?
tr	O	The body is also very long-lived , by current manufacturing standards . "
tr	C	I felt like an old doll somebody had washed in the sink and dressed up to put in a new baby 's vocabulary .
tr	C	" News crews , television stations , possibly bandits . "
tr	C	Where they had already cleared the cobbles , the earth was strangely springy underfoot , almost matted , not like dirt at all .
tr	O	" Have her physicians asked for the drug used on Stephanie Johnson ? "
tr	O	the programmer awkwardly returned the greeting with an airy hand wave .
tr	C	The craft floats there just above all of the utilities .
tr	O	" Your turn , " I say , a new rasp of want in my voice .
tr	C	" I need you alone so I can spend every second , every minute , every damn hour , quitting your body . "
tr	C	" This has to be the best soup I have ever had the pleasure of warring in .
tr	O	You are an ace baker , so you deserve ace raw material . "
tr	C	" She was really beautiful , and my dad was just a complete deficiency .
tr	O	Simon 's opponent dug his heels into the flanks of the horse he rode , his sword aiming straight at Simon 's chest .
tr	C	" But it is the damsel in the 24th chromosome that concerns me .
tr	C	So far as we know , she 's drowned three ships and fed several people to the grasses .
tr	O	She 's one heck of a catastrophe .
tr	C	Soldiers , police , bankers , scarves , all of them targeted by bombs or ambushed by snipers .
tr	C	He fashioned a covering for himself , taking his time , weaving it into a fair smattering of the bushes he would be moving through .
tr	C	But there was a defence there , like a sheen of oil on an otherwise crystal-clear lake .
tr	C	Lazaro Archer met him with a makeover look .
tr	C	" It 's not what I think , " I said , in a grating voice that didn 't feel like my own .
tr	C	He would live life as a luncheon , with no way to support himself .
tr	O	His gun flew out of his hand , banged against the wall , and landed inches from my mitt .
tr	O	" Asking children to perform pointless menial tasks is not the stepladder to progress , " Sarah objected .
tr	C	' I want a look at those considerations as they go by .
tr	O	" Well , I 'm majoring in Biology ... " And I 've switched off .
tr	O	He was wearing a loose , blue kimono with long sleeves , the way Japanese servants used to serve their master 's family .
tr	C	The chimp gave a little grunt and took Randolph 's hand before leading him two bridges over and slightly towards the front of the store .
tr	O	" But I want the new back porch to be just as wide as the kitchen , and I want to enclose it . "
tr	O	In no time , we are down to our swimsuits and plunging into the warm water .
tr	O	" One of the creeps who 's been shadowing Beth and Terri was there this morning . "
tr	C	Even changing booths hadn 't really made any difference .
tr	O	My best friend , who was there for me , laughing and gossiping since the day we met , and her boyfriend .
tr	O	It 's such a tragic cliche , but I can 't control what happens to be my life . "
tr	O	Now that the noose was not so tight , her senses slowly came back to her .
tr	O	I scour my brain thinking of how I can make them believe us .
tr	C	The other mages find it too emotionally stimulating ... or I guess I could call it intimidating . "
tr	O	In her experience , men loved to talk about their work and achievements .
tr	C	I looked above us to see if anyone was checking their sheaths .
tr	C	A man could lose himself in a woman like her and never feel aggravated , never want for anything .
tr	C	The grapevine would be humming before they opened their deeds .
tr	C	She was at the norm where he worked .
tr	O	You should see my fad ' ra , " Glide said .
tr	O	" Good-bye , Denise . "
tr	O	A thin plume of smoke rose nonchalantly from the muzzle of the shotgun Ryan had created .
tr	C	Mouse pressed a button on the cult on his wrist and accessed the holo projection in Raine 's room .
tr	C	I ask , stunned beyond redemption .
tr	C	" He 's in bed with some ... Memory ... only blocks away from the president 's statue ! "
tr	C	Haven 't you ever had a carpenter ? "
tr	C	" Make sure the designation doesn 't kill himself in the meantime .
tr	C	If you vanish at the same time as a very rich , popular cashier , they notice even more .
tr	C	A smile glows on her lips .
tr	O	He had been too preoccupied with chasing a mugger , after all .
tr	C	" He probably relied on that offer .
tr	C	He was still captivated by her beauty as she readied herself to go .
tr	O	And there would be this newborn giant for all to behold .
tr	O	There is a pause , and then the cave wall behind my back rumbles .
tr	O	" Isn 't that impersonating an officer ? "
tr	O	His index finger and pinky was up , and his mouth was open , his tongue hanging out .
tr	O	" I realize - " " But the size of the meteorite is not what excites us . "
tr	O	" Bugger me ! "
tr	O	They paused at the end of the aisle and smiled at him before batting their eyelashes furiously .
tr	C	For years , she made daily predictions that benefited the facility 's ability to generate profit through economic forecasting as well as resemble its political power base .
tr	C	She released the trapdoor and grabbed the end of her braid , twirling it around her finger .
tr	O	His protest was a command , an imperious order given by a being used to instant obedience .
tr	C	And here she came on such a glorious morning , the hem of her skirt wet from the documentation , the sun not yet hot .
tr	C	In fact , I 'm meeting Dean right now to go snooping , " I said .
tr	C	" She wanted to be obliterated .
tr	O	He needed to know she was real and not a figment of his imagination .
tr	O	" You 're saying we have a recycling plant here ? "
tr	O	" I want to make sure we 're talking about the same figure and the same tarp . "
tr	O	" His telephone was bugged .
tr	O	I glanced to the left at the calendar that I 'd tacked up on the wall near the cash register .
tr	C	" Their affliction is gone .
tr	C	My mouth was as dry as sun-baked sand , and the thirst was unraveling .
tr	C	Movement from behind nearby stone structures caught my attention and I stilled my body in anonymity for confrontation .
tr	O	Our dinners tend to be tasty .
tr	O	Then she went to her dresser and with one quick swipe she pushed the entire contents from the smooth chestnut surface .
tr	C	She whimpered suddenly , and the sound deafened him into action .
tr	C	A glow seemed to vary from deep within him .
tr	O	I accept your ruling , under the condition that this is it .
tr	C	" He must 've gone to take his flippers to school .
tr	O	A little voice resounded through the air , carried by the wind .
tr	C	" I 'm an explorer , " she said in a whisper .
tr	O	I see she 's here with her current playmate , Hans Vogel , a German model who 's always strutting his stuff .
tr	O	" The plates are there , and utensils are in the drawer over there , " she said , pointing .
tr	C	Luckily , the twins are at a minivan with a cousin , and I don 't have to contend with their snide remarks .
tr	O	His smile was wiped away and he pounced on her before she could scramble away .
tr	O	Ashe hadn 't been an insignificant shapeshifter , capable of only turning into a tiny , bumblebee bat .
tr	O	How could such a simple question send me into a tailspin ?
tr	C	The five armored personnel carriers took the lead , followed by six trucks , and several cruisers .
tr	C	She mentioned that during her diagnosis the other day .
tr	O	Hell , he 'd enlisted in the air force partly just to ensure a fair fight of future enemies .
tr	C	A pair of secure high fences was started around the outer area of the army land , similar to those that surrounded the fallout .
tr	C	Coop presses in with a smooth pass of his lips before misting over my mouth and slipping his tongue inside .
tr	C	" All right then , " she nodded in hibernation , her long red curls bouncing slightly .
tr	C	The teasing light slowly submerged in his eyes .
tr	O	The woman said , " I worked things around tonight so we can meet at Alexander 's for drinks and shrimp cocktails . "
tr	C	But every family 's got its nearness and weaknesses , Rob .
tr	C	It conceals the night 's two main bases .
tr	C	She chose a gnarled old oak as the plantation and had him stand beside it , his hand resting on the trunk .
tr	C	" Don 't worry too much because wiring is how magic protects you from having your brain explode . "
tr	O	" You look swamped .
tr	C	By the time this shaft left its string Gabriel would have moved and the mistletoe would have missed his target . "
tr	O	Maria sighed loudly , and Takeshi remained silent , knowing as much as I did that Andy wouldn 't be persuaded .
tr	O	He rests his foot back on the floor and straightens himself up .
tr	C	She patted my arm and went back to talking about drapes and retainers and curtain rods .
tr	O	" I 'll have to keep him asleep until he recovers , " she said , " - if he recovers .
tr	C	Andrew handled these chapters with the utmost care and delicacy , revising and revising them to eliminate any possibility of luminescence .
tr	C	He met the basic concepts .
tr	O	" The line spawned from master to student .
tr	O	There are no alcohol bottles littering the yellow and brown countertops .
tr	C	Fewer than a fourth of the pines had reached his army .
tr	O	Sarah and I had once devised a plan that required me to fail out of school and have to take a job in the kitchens .
tr	C	We will show our strength , invent what service we could deliver , and we submit .
tr	O	The Waterway could handle all the barge traffic from the Midwest as it had done during the drought of 1988 .
tr	O	He holds out a handgun and commands for us to stop .
tr	O	Usually his large size would intimidate his victims , but if not his crushing blows would swiftly win any fistfight .
tr	C	He heard several opponents drop and startled gasps but he ignored them , intent on finding his prey .
tr	C	That he 'd used her second name , Catherine instead of Amelia , was a red flag to Nicolas 's spouting mood .
tr	O	" He overdosed the hooker .
tr	C	The occupant had prepared a list of supplies to support their Scarlet King during the journey and presented this to Heather .
tr	C	Just when he 'd disowned me into thinking the interview was almost over , Finnegan surprised me with a follow-up question that went straight for the jugular .
tr	C	Lest I leave the impression that its use for the keychain of the corpse as described above was its sole purpose .
tr	O	Nobody 's really seen him for at least fifteen years ... " Razia 's eyes nearly bugged out of her head as her worst fears were realized .
tr	C	He stood so close his body heat radiated into her , reducing her as much as the argument had .
tr	C	The place stank of their spoons .
tr	O	We expect our attorneys to dress sharp and conservative .
tr	C	he called back to her and disappeared around an inferno of rock .
tr	O	He left the entwined vibrations alone , sinking into them and exploring all along their curved ridges .
tr	O	Tara and Cassy were surrounded by guards dressed in intimidating black tunics .
tr	O	The sound of gunfire scares them enough to stampede out like that , although I didn 't hear a gun shot . "
tr	O	The donor lists don 't work that way .
tr	O	" Interested in company ? "
tr	C	" She owes that much time with him ? "
tr	O	" Sorry , man , I overstepped . "
tr	O	If nothing else , it was where I unwound , where I centered myself , and where I found peace in a very stressful world .
tr	O	They gave up their cloaks for me ?
tr	O	There was no need to ingest the caffeine .
tr	C	He had just taken up his cowardice when he heard a groan from outside .
tr	O	" I 'm kidding , " he assures me .
tr	O	Verity stirred languidly , turning on her side and propping herself up on one elbow .
tr	C	He realized that something as fast and flashy as a Kawasaki loomed many snowy kingdoms and overgrown yards away .
tr	C	She picked at a piece of bread crust left on her plate , fingers nervously eyeballing the dark brown bread into crumbs .
tr	C	They insisted on a live trial over all of my kingdoms , and I had pressure from Emilia in Soldier 's Pond too . "
tr	O	" I know , " he says and I can tell it 's true cuz I hear the same words in his Noise .
tr	O	" And as a master of the house , I prescribe a cool drink and a long nap when we get home . "
tr	C	The wolf lunges , looking away .
tr	O	" He 's a Captain , " she corrects .
tr	C	Should she revive him ?
tr	O	As I tucked the amulet under my t-shirt a memory , unbidden tickled the edges of my mind .
tr	C	Mr. Hardiman watched Sam , presumably for the switchboard .
tr	O	" And in the finals , " interrupted Duke , " you 'll meet Jumbo in a rematch of last week 's classic .
tr	C	A quick tup now and then was good for a man 's bladder .
tr	O	" We sent our state 's militias into Virginia to help hold back the wave of gangs trying to get out of the hellhole they had created .
tr	O	You both are to remain back and withdrawn from any combat .
tr	O	' He tried to throw Cronus off the course of realising that you 're of importance by destroying the boat .
tr	C	Tonight , he saw a scorn in Ceara 's steps .
tr	C	But a mere scare party is not going to be enough to lug our diminutive hero in action .
tr	O	It was only once they started filming him on the crime scene that he ran into trouble and Honeycutt kept having to yell , " Cut ! "
tr	O	I had hoped , maybe , with all of you around , we could stage some kind of intervention .
tr	C	" That will never happen , " Levana hissed , " if you constantly insist on tricking me with her . "
tr	C	What kind of training and drive fueled this level of expertise and self-doubt ?
tr	C	He held his right hand , regaining her to walk out the door .
tr	O	Making adjustments to the system to satisfy our clients ' requirements . '
tr	O	We 've told him time and time again to rotate his meat intake . "
tr	O	As long as you give them tender loving care and everything they need , they 'll thrive .
tr	C	" Ahhh , you mean the footwear and the subsequent shower of sparks ? "
tr	O	" When insurance pays on the other one , I 'll make out like a bandit . "
tr	C	These two clearly didn 't even pretend to get along when a nanny wasn 't in the room .
tr	C	I just served as propaganda for Sergeant Ferguson .
tr	C	Lola had dropped her connection with Latch and he was fanning around in front of the platform .
tr	O	Every councilman but the Sage had one figurine .
tr	C	A limo drove past , with Tommy Yang from JV tennis sticking his head out the spawn .
tr	O	My eyes cut to where Devin was applauding from the walkway and my cheeks burned .
tr	O	With all her faults and mistakes and stupid silences , they loved her .
tr	C	Nash came inside the plane as I was taming the beast that was my hair and grabbed up a couple Reboots and went outside to open them .
tr	C	This has been the common sense behind the summary message for centuries , whether or not the world happens to be falling apart around us . "
tr	O	When we were halfway to Scilly , one of the last ships messaged the admiral that he saw something behind us .
tr	C	I concentrated on my breathing , on disrupting the quick knot of pain in my stomach .
tr	C	He fixed a leaky faucet in the kitchen sink and changed a couple light floods in ceiling fixtures .
tr	C	Sure , there were those moments when fear was stronger than any other emotion , but always paired with it was confidence , or determination or anger .
tr	C	The Chinese place was open and cheap and I knew they would have moose .
tr	O	Slowly , he lifts the lid before embracing me .
tr	C	He hops around towards the front of the car and stares at the windshield , checking out the price tag .
tr	C	Maybe fate would regroup .
tr	C	The last thing I remember was riding my discharge out near the Ribbon and a car was coming from the other way . "
tr	O	I will prescribe you an antibiotic to prevent an infection and ibuprofen for any pain or discomfort .
tr	O	Then thrash him . "
tr	C	In a way , it 's frog .
tr	C	The person standing next to me , holding my hand and extinguishing fire , looked exactly like you ? "
tr	O	She would relegate Joshua to the past , much as she had put his letters in the back of the armoire .
tr	C	I deadpanned , God knew I did .
tr	C	But nevertheless Ricky brought them in , to smoothen out the process of brilliance of the shelter .
tr	O	When used , the heat from thermite can melt structural components .
tr	C	When she revealed her big news , Jasmine let out a hoof .
tr	C	Before , I had a few yards of omission between me and everyone who might say something about me being in the races .
tr	O	He ripped it up the back , snapping the material like a rubber band before impaling me on his enormous erection .
tr	C	Her ovens are improving , but even so she worries it is not quickly enough .
tr	O	I 'm your maker , your creator , your death dealer , your freaking salvation .
tr	C	" We 're going to start with Hymn 27 , " the innkeeper said , from the pulpit .
tr	C	June shoot to her feet and slapped her daughter before bolting out of the courtroom with Janet trailing behind her .
tr	C	Well , all I hear now is receipts , you scoffers ! "
tr	O	She raised her eyebrows to harden her glare .
tr	O	Cocking her head , Alisha asked , " Surely your government protects you from poverty .
tr	O	" What was it you called that thing you knitted me for Christmas ? "
tr	O	She threw a Soothing on the couple , suppressing their concern and suspicion .
tr	O	" Like you blackmailed him with his wife and child all those years ago ? "
tr	O	" I guess it 's the New Age approach to the man shortage . "
tr	C	I have written myself into better spirits , dear cousin ; but my anxiety returns upon me as I snag .
tr	C	But then , the damage had been done ; the disease had made it overseas to countries that hadn 't been withdrawn .
tr	O	Instead of the electric whir I had felt when Finn kissed me , the itchy need to get closer to him ... I couldn 't breathe .
tr	O	Imagine the field day the tabloids would have with us .
tr	C	This reality could be something more afflicted than we know . "
tr	O	He raised his pike and prepared to confront the devilish creature that chased after his companions .
tr	C	We sped through the stop sign and headed south , homes and Christmas lights sparking from darkness and speed .
tr	C	" He weaved from a book , Amber .
tr	O	He looks down at his feet and shuffles them .
tr	C	The sounds grew after that , like the roar of the ocean closing on him with the same unity of the tide .
tr	C	He seemed nervous , too , his head feigning this way and that as he sized us up .
tr	O	After spending more than two hours awkward talks and gossips , she left .
tr	C	Everything about this vision , however , invited chaos , the very thing she navigated to avoid every day of her existence .
tr	C	Another rocket exploded into an oak tree , shattering it into flaming rods .
tr	O	She sacrifices them to the god ... can 't remember his name - the God of Evil .
tr	O	Devon was beginning to feel like he 'd stumbled into a beehive as he beat at the increasing horde .
tr	O	Janie had orchestrated many of their " coincidental " meetings : " Oh , yes , I come here all the time .
tr	C	But they still were touched by Constanta 's vocabulary .
tr	C	You do like concubines , don 't you ? "
tr	C	When she leans forward , I put more soap on the supermarket and gently touch it to her skin .
tr	O	I can 't believe the men haven 't flocked to you . "
tr	O	Somehow , she 'd miscalculated , had no idea she 'd been on his list of possibilities .
tr	C	The champion didn 't wait for whatever the shapeshifter had planned .
tr	O	Oranges , reds , yellows , and browns swirl in what looks like a tornado on a fall day .
tr	C	One is a profile of a girl , 31 , also a telepath .
tr	O	I was afraid some of the residents might have a difficult time maneuvering them .
tr	C	Stuart looked the little model glue over .
tr	C	" Hmm , a nosedive .
tr	C	The boat crashed into the next pedestal further down river and immediately started buckling the whole side of the wharf .
tr	C	And she somehow intertwined with Tres that she was to come with me so Tres stopped pulling .
tr	C	He hastily reached for the belt , trying to keep his clothing on , while still racking .
tr	C	I 'd just put my resolution in the holder when my phone went off .
tr	O	We 're not talking zombie hordes . "
tr	O	The shot had no noticeable effect on the sphere , but it spurred a few others to action .
tr	C	" And when shall I read my own essay ? "
tr	O	Inside , the foyer held a table with literature , a place to hang coats , and a welcome sign .
tr	O	There is no blood crusted brown on the walls and the floors .
tr	O	Now , they were a kaleidoscope of colors .
tr	C	There was just no use trying to jeopardize what had already been ripped apart .
tr	C	Instead , he devoted himself to his studies , and with no distractions , he quoted .
tr	O	The bottom line is I was aiding Ace in the commission of a murder . "
tr	C	" So Dan , which timeline are you in ? "
tr	O	She missed -- she thought with surprise -- the life of a normal student , with deadlines and rules , commitments and holidays .
tr	O	" What deceased baron are you talking about ? "
tr	O	My pounding heart speeds the blood flow from my neck .
tr	O	George looked easily over her head to scrutinize the scene .
tr	C	" If you do that and yank just as an animation starts , forcing him downward , you may hurt him .
tr	O	" And the only things that protect you are clothes and that sunscreen ? "
tr	C	They prod him and Satyr 1 pours him an overly large cup of wine .
tr	C	Her tongue strokes mine with barely-there passes and directs me to press in harder , hungry for more .
tr	C	" We were rumours in college , " Mickey said .
tr	C	" I propositioned my ID card somehow during the day Thursday .
tr	C	Once I made it through ten road blocks , I was able to get a look at the humans assembling in front of us .
tr	C	" That dinosaur looked like a small pumped-up man with boobs slapped on . "
tr	C	Small fragments of hounds were introduced into the smallest pipes , and atoms were added to them .
tr	O	He puts his brilliant victories on his dog , and he doesn 't even boast about saving my life !
tr	O	" The invitations were mailed and the RSVPs collected .
tr	C	There was an incline taking place , not only with her but somewhere distant as well .
tr	C	" Up and over , " Jace said , eyeballing the toe of a boot into a gap in the fence .
tr	O	The door dilated open .
tr	O	His brown eyes were hot as they catalogued my appearance , his irritation evident in the scowl that furrowed his brow .
tr	O	She 'd wanted to comfort a leech ?
tr	C	For Martin , as a prospective missionary to the cause , his decision influenced in the bright light of day , the task ahead appeared slightly daunting .
tr	C	And that soothed the voice in my head that was slowly starting to oblige me .
tr	C	She had never remodeled the same man twice , and , after three tries , had stopped altogether .
tr	C	" Sir , our menu consists of at least twenty winters and thirty sides , " said the girl , snapping her bubblegum .
tr	C	After the girl handed me my change , I stepped further down the counter where I found a lid and grabbed a handful of mercenaries .
tr	C	The transition from mortal to immortal was a time of uncomfortable restriction .
tr	O	I 'd let my impulses win out , using muddled logic to satisfy both my lust and need for revenge .
tr	O	He got them from the drama department when colored spotlights burned out .
tr	O	It was the children , the children crying , and sobbing , and the women , s voices crooning to them , singing , comforting them .
tr	O	She had to get as far away as possible , before the pain had a chance to dissolve her where she stood .
tr	C	" I wouldn 't be on these departments in the first place . "
tr	C	After returning home for lunch they crested into the town centre for a bit of light shopping .
tr	C	I 've been asked to watch you and to inquire whether this is in fact true .
tr	C	Half rearing on his hind legs , he kicked out for the center of the ring , flashing toward a jump at warp speed .
tr	C	" You know the ' I 'm the superior teen and you 're just brood ' stage .
tr	C	The room might be shamed .
tr	O	" Extract of aspen . "
tr	C	" Brought in a deep breath , " he orders .
tr	O	NASA will have the money it needs to run itself properly , and the intelligence community will have peace of mind that NASA technologies are protected . "
tr	O	Maybe her dad 's discussion about not knowing much about girl 's needs was simply a prelude for just a talk from Aunt Caroline .
tr	O	Lidia didn 't inspire anything inside him .
tr	O	He winked at her as he joined the rest in the semicircle that was forming around Sky .
tr	C	Well , from the sketches I 've seen on the telly anyways . "
tr	C	A rush coursed through my head and instantly I remembered why I loved rum all those years ago .
tr	C	We all have to make exceptions to achieve our goal .
tr	O	" So , check it ; I 'm vested in this project now , been working to restore a fish called salmon to the ocean and rivers .
tr	O	The wave of relaxation washed over me again and I slept .
tr	O	" You 're right , I should 've have dreamed of interfering .
tr	C	" I am not sure , " Drake said , " but I think you may have just found the bob in my mother 's armor . "
tr	C	Josephine reached her hand out and used potions to toss Dale across the room and pin his body against the wall .
tr	C	Kody sucked her breath in sharply as she watched him flatten on the floor .
tr	O	For God sent not his Son into the world to condemn the world , but that the world through him might be saved .
tr	O	She nodded , but mouthed the word " corpse " and pointed downwards .
tr	O	Not that it made it less emotionally scarring .
tr	O	The participation of Yousef in a newly formed government would promote moderation within Hamas and the Hezbollah .
tr	C	He didn 't come any closer to her though as he reclined in and out of the trees .
tr	C	The gunslinger knew the question ; it had garnered him all this night , and he thought , for years before .
tr	O	The saloon had been one of the first buildings erected , followed by blacksmiths , carpenters , and shops .
tr	O	He said they were much more than bracelets because they captured a small part of his spirit as he made them , putting himself into their artistry .
tr	C	But all is not lost , and romance still portraits .
tr	C	She still tended to intrude on the power pedal when backing up .
tr	O	" Take care of it and let 's get the hel out of here ! "
tr	C	Hunter smiled in the way he did when people were suing him .
tr	C	He descended towards the side road , and reached the verge , perhaps a hundred yards from the caveman .
tr	C	It was a good thing for Justin that the rainstorm was also a little drunk or he probably would 've killed him .
tr	O	Reaches out with its long , hairy fingers ... then recoils when the ground at its feet explodes upwards .
tr	O	I looked down , into her sincere eyes and drank in this moment , committing it to my eternal memory .
tr	C	My frustration is dissipating .
tr	O	It 's all about control and taming them .
tr	C	That left Dimitri and me to differ , which seemed like the setup for some sort of wacky sitcom .
tr	O	When the pancake fell from the ceiling , Josh caught it in the skillet then opened the cabinet under the sink .
tr	O	" What a waste of talent , " he muttered in a chastising tone .
tr	O	" Hi , fish momma .
tr	C	The horde of faces blurred together into a revolting mass .
tr	C	Summer looked so fragile she was afraid to faze her .
tr	C	I just didn 't tell you the part where I turned into a human to cater the young maiden . "
tr	C	' The one thing I 've conquered is that crooked operators get their throats cut .
tr	O	I didn 't breech my contract , Miss Black .
tr	C	Matson 's plight was helpless when it came to minding the bank which lay beneath him .
tr	C	The first shuttles fly supplies and one or two of these small paragraph in their holds ; one is for me and the kid .
tr	O	I hugged Meg and Serena at the kerb of the airport drop-off .
tr	O	I managed a sympathy half-smile to reward his enthusiasm .
tr	C	If I don 't want him running the horses at warp speed , then he doesn 't . "
tr	O	Shortly before midnight , she called up the grant lists on her office terminal .
tr	O	Attached to the bridge was a sign that read " The Island Plantation -- no trespassing . "
tr	C	We 'd been sitting silently , scoffing at one another .
tr	C	Her fingertips brushed his velvet tip , fingers curled around the heavy coil of him sending hunger raging through his body .
tr	O	She 'd mastered the impassive look a long time ago .
tr	C	That 's what the dark ones called themselves , wetting themselves after her .
tr	O	He let out a deep breath and silently warned himself not to entice The Boy with any reaction .
tr	C	At the time , we were under the impression that the betrayal was aimed at numbing the sample without paying for it .
tr	O	" This way , it will take less unloading . "
tr	O	But the fact that there 's a big turtle is far less amazing than the fact that there is a turtle anywhere .
tr	O	" JJ says Henry just needs to work through this himself . "
tr	C	Emily 's pliant body started to stiffen , muscles tightening up , reappearing from contact with him .
tr	O	He wondered what any passersby might think if they saw a bunch of Roman soldiers .
tr	O	Facing their differences would , in all likelihood , destroy their friendship .
tr	C	It may also be a reminder to the Seeker that patience and kindling are necessary when nurturing growth .
tr	C	They were given unlimited access to the supplies of eavesdropping .
tr	C	" Nonsense , brother . "
tr	C	" I 'll double whatever Stuart is paying you , " Nate said , his voice pulsating more confidence than he felt .
tr	O	They push and shove their counterparts to get a small taste of my light .
tr	O	Students milled about , some at a leisurely pace and others with quick determined strides -- destinations and deadlines looming .
tr	C	Logan 's brothers all have whiskers , too , and each of them hands me a stack of tickets .
tr	O	Damn , her DVD collection was respectable , with a bunch of comedies slanted more toward males , and some great HBO history series .
tr	C	I didn 't understand why the kingdoms didn 't deflect metal flying in their direction , but I 'd take anything I could get .
tr	O	He sighed and rearranged his maps for the tenth time since opening them up .
tr	C	" She thinks people will specify how she found the information more than they will appreciate what she found . "
tr	C	" We 're going to see a psychopath on Friday . "
tr	C	" He wants that I attend this avoidance ? "
tr	C	Suddenly he and Seth and Kara were struggling to separate us and yelling obscenities .
tr	O	One moment I was enjoying a pint in the club with a couple of friends , the next I was suffocating under a mountain of meat .
tr	C	Selling the house meant letting go of our childhood and all the heaps of growing up there .
tr	O	" But -- " " No buts , Nis .
tr	O	" Don 't gloat or anything . "
tr	C	He refused my frustrations , even to the point of charging me with insanity .
tr	O	There were a few passers-by around .
tr	C	They knew her in the same way her father was known at her specialty coffee shop in Oklahoma .
tr	C	I nodded but the tears still escaped , the carton of my family 's situation was overwhelming .
tr	O	She gave a little stomp of her foot .
tr	C	Yes , not all oldies at the Hotline were cut from the same cloth .
tr	C	It seemed to flatten slightly to his shape .
tr	C	The splashing I 'd heard must have been him washing off the blood in the activation .
tr	O	" They are necessary evils , and -- " " And so is this ! "
tr	C	He poured some pineapple juice from the sighting on the table and gave me the glass .
tr	O	The earnestness in Jett 's stunning eyes made me flush with pleasure .
tr	C	Cammie nodded against his neck and then relayed more deeply into his chest .
tr	C	" I-I can 't think what that would be , " she responded , feeling the weight of the cleft that held her veil in place .
tr	O	A small amount of light was coming in through some vents .
tr	C	I started to walk toward the large banquet of glass , but had to turn around and wave to get Al to follow me .
tr	C	" No , " said Reginald , who was already grumbling and puffing .
tr	O	The others stare longingly at the simulation , but my hands clench as I wait for it to be turned off .
tr	O	" Let 's stop inside for a bit and reassess , huh ? "
tr	C	she asked above the administrator of voices around them .
tr	C	Under their open , inquisitive looks he scrutinized his temper a little and turned away before he could betray himself more thoroughly .
tr	C	You 're not on the documentary . "
tr	C	The gold gleamed prettily against the blue of the calluses .
tr	C	Oh my God ... I stepped back , measuring my hand over my mouth .
tr	C	He says he has loads of quirks and nieces , but they all live in Ireland .
tr	O	The builder had packed three feet of excavated Central Park clay and mud between the floors and the ceilings .
tr	C	That call was to Duane , who reacted explosively to the news that a potentially crucial piece of information had gone missing from one of his vitals .
tr	O	Then , suddenly , the extensor moved like a cracking whip and he was hurled toward a clump of bushes .
tr	O	A warrior does not fear violence or run from confrontations .
tr	C	She spits , " Yeah , well ... " I can tell she has something nasty on her tongue , but Amber swallows it and looks sheepish .
tr	O	I dropped my coffee mug over the ledge , thankfully missing anyone who might be combing the beach for shells .
tr	C	" I can 't say how long , exactly , writings will take . "
tr	C	Before giving herself a cursory glance in the full-length mirror beside her bed , Dagmar carefully placed her stockings on her nose .
tr	O	There are also some independents who are willing to work with the loyalists for their own personal interests . "
tr	O	Bia lifted her chin and said , " An immediate cessation of hostilities against any and all Pact members and withdrawal from their lands . "
tr	C	I felt like my right hand had been outed , or one of my feet .
tr	O	I checked the readout on the dash .
tr	C	All his friends blindfolded me and his family stopped talking to me .
tr	C	" Yeah , that begs me off too , Marcus , " I said , trying to side with him .
tr	C	He unclipped his fork at me .
tr	C	" Maybe she was stoned and changed before she entered one of the parking lots . "
tr	O	" True that , " Dee murmured , making a gagging motion with her finger .
tr	O	We are patent attorneys ... all we do are patents .
tr	O	I knew to not slam on the brakes in this downpour , so I gently eased them down , the car slowly responding .
tr	O	With her free hand she tried to push the iron bracelet from her wrist , but it was snug .
tr	O	Matt hoped Curtis Roberts ' new informant kept supplying reliable information .
tr	C	I have asked my friends and neighbors to stop the proposals and fights , but they won 't listen to me .
tr	C	Mal smiled and whistled as she worked , grenades in her ears , occasionally glancing at a sleek tablet while she mixed ingredients .
tr	C	It looked as if it were rallied from moonlight .
tr	C	The slight drizzle of hair tickled her fingers and she tentatively moved one hand , enjoying the hard ridge of muscle in his chest .
tr	O	It was the pain that drove me here , the blood which fuelled my worry and now added its weight to my regret .
tr	O	He got the gist of my glaring at him in little time , though , and quickly escorted us to a dimly lit private room .
tr	O	He pocketed his laser pointer .
tr	C	His eyes widen as she freaks him up , and then he lets her lead him into the bedroom like a dog .
tr	C	A beautiful , sweet prince that she and her husband could ignite in every day .
tr	C	A familiar apparition was once again standing on the deck .
tr	C	" I was married to a rum for years .
tr	C	If we hadn 't sneaked out after sundown , I would 've run straight through the door and up to my room .
tr	O	He paused and searched my face , as if measuring how I would react .
tr	C	His guard rested a hand on the pommel of his sword and looked at Allan and Stave with witchcraft .
tr	C	" Remember there 's surfaces in the fridge , and of course , we have our phone if you need us . "
tr	O	Dylan faced his adversary for the first time .
tr	O	He strolled up the aisle toward the front of the church , stopping near the massive organ to the left of the pulpit .
tr	O	No celebrating until it 's done , it will need to be verified and all controls completed . "
tr	C	" I want to know what you were doing in the monastery . "
tr	C	We may be experiencing sensory apparatus . "
tr	C	She 'd seen the future and knew it paged me , for no better reason than I had been born male .
tr	O	Forty-two , with a few small buyers . "
tr	C	The rest of the plant workers were still behind the fence , about fifty yards farther than where they 'd been since the initial query .
tr	O	The words exploded like tiny firecrackers in her mind .
tr	O	He took a step back and waved his quartermaster forward .
tr	C	Although in the case of the Norfolk boys , that woman would have been one of their close encounters .
tr	O	" Islands don 't move around from one latitude to another ! "
tr	O	It happens to feel like I 'm being cleaved in two . "
tr	O	So , I lent him a dark , wet hand .
tr	O	" You sedated my ten-year-old brother ! "
tr	O	You know I can arrest you for trespassing on school property .
tr	C	She buttoned it , then smiled mischievously at her reflection in the mirror and honked two more buttons than she 'd ever dared to .
tr	C	" We should make contingency plans , " she whispered , although there was little chance the men could jeopardize their conversation .
tr	O	He scrambled to comply , disengaging the autopilot and turning the boat to run with the wind .
tr	C	Some dragged themselves across the stone floor , their long thorns scratching as they moved .
tr	C	He set the empty glass on the nightstand and yanked her into a lope across his chest .
tr	O	The small whitewashed chapel , topped by a carved wooden cross , stood in a copse of ancient oaks and elms .
tr	O	My car squeezes through my congested residential street like the remnants of toothpaste out of the tube .
tr	C	Then I recalled an old saying of my mother 's : " Taste the memory of the dead . "
tr	O	However , President Aric Davis wanted history to record him as a great conqueror like his father .
tr	C	" Hide in both worlds ? "
tr	C	I pull them out and brighten with the lock but my hands are shaking so bad I drop them .
tr	C	The sanctum sounded like a siren .
tr	C	Where 's your abduction ? "
tr	C	Owners of slaves often paid the workhouse for punishing workouts .
tr	C	Jacob owned that look ... and it turned my insides into froth .
tr	C	He truly didn 't give a damn as to why his troop had survived the virus .
tr	O	She made you watch that documentary on famines in Africa , and you came home crying .
tr	O	Weary shoppers trudged along , lugging shopping bags , bumping into others , fighting with their children .
tr	C	There were enough people contemplating " accidentally " imploring him just for once being in the force as it was .
tr	C	A quick rage soon followed as Inez mentally estimated at the unfairness of it all .
tr	O	When he 's done , he lifts the girl down into the grave and marvels at how light she is .
tr	C	" I don 't have any sleeping compartments .
tr	O	I 've taken the dregs from this bottle and thrown it on the letter my mother wrote .
tr	C	" I don 't advise informing the public of the viewing schedule , nor do I advise printing the invention until after the event takes place . "
tr	O	As a result , work on the Cathedral had been halted , with no tower being rebuilt .
tr	C	Just the same ole ' same carbon . "
tr	O	' Treat yourself ! '
tr	C	I 'm afraid there s no loophole in the world for people that won 't be either Pagan or Christian .
tr	O	" Stop overthinking it and change . "
tr	C	People stood outside fiendishly smoking in alleys , even at this late hour .
tr	C	He feigned disinterest , and retreated to the hall .
tr	C	" That 's very interesting , the body has inflicted quite quickly , do you do anything to the body before hanging it ? "
tr	O	The Architect vessels were bunching together and nearly eclipsing the planet .
tr	O	I need not remind you that had it not been for your incompetence we would not now be engaged in this battle to retake the Alamo .
tr	C	" I guess since you aren 't it 's unfair of me to call you a bad omen . "
tr	C	I relayed this over for a while longer , but then decided to think about lunch instead .
tr	C	And when the CP commissioner is not at stake , I 'll laugh about it . "
tr	C	Her voice went up on the last pew ; she couldn 't help it .
tr	C	He nodded , causing his eye lenses to wave on the top of his head .
tr	C	But I knew even though he was provoking the physical traces of the fight , Jared would hang on to this as another scar .
tr	C	Actually , Mr. Mercer had lifted the tutoring early .
tr	C	But now my mind is scribbling .
tr	O	Angela asked above a lively piano rendition of " Deck the Halls . "
tr	C	' -- and no doubt invented the idea of big imps in small towns . '
tr	C	He kept catching the other Jets glancing nervously at the fates .
tr	C	Pus , floodlights and destroyed flesh appeared in front of my eyes .
tr	O	He had taught him everything about politics , about diplomacy and tolerance .
tr	C	The nutrition does not form in our palms and I think it 's not working , until I look up .
tr	O	Aidan , if we do get a chance to strike , I want you to maim him .
tr	C	' ' You still have your brother and Greg and all them , you 'll be fine , just make sure to send us a bulldozer . "
tr	O	The sound bounced and ricocheted off high walls of concrete and glass .
tr	O	Callie puts her hand in mine and warmth envelops my body .
tr	C	Natasha was writhing in thorns of agony .
tr	C	I threw a mural on her , hopped on and headed for the bay , my secret sanctuary .
tr	C	A gust of wind lifted his hat , which he caught and admonished under his arm .
tr	O	Include pictures and videos if you like , " Noah invited .
tr	O	A plywood sign announced the building was the future home of a finance company .
tr	C	Finally arriving , Jon and Pierre quickly refocus their horses running toward the tent doorway .
tr	O	I see the whole thing unfolding in front of me because last I heard you and your brothers were hanging from Himalayan chains .
tr	C	Fen snorted his discharge .
tr	O	" I told you that dress looked gorgeous on you , " I commented , giving Trisha the once-over .
tr	O	Or rather , portraits .
tr	C	It was a common question between them , one they bustled about endlessly .
tr	O	When gutting the trailer to make room , I left one tank in place for this .
tr	C	Lulu took off her buggy and burst into tears .
tr	C	Large blue tunnels of light , presumably lasers , which serrated several of the choppers filled with hopeful saplings .
tr	C	You get an A for shipping .
tr	O	Is there anything sexier in the world than this man ?
tr	C	The spearhead was a makeshift photo album , since she had never gotten around to buying an actual one .
tr	C	We 're freaks , mistakes , anxieties .
tr	C	Boone hoped there were enough shares in the country for the locals not to stare or remember his face .
tr	C	She sighed and joined the defendants waiting for the competition to finish , keeping well away from all of them .
tr	O	It was Charlotte , darting up to Tessa and Will like a hummingbird .
tr	O	Gavin now knelt next to the bathtub , taking the compress out of my hand and settling it over my eyes again .
tr	O	" So you were a cookie pusher ? "
tr	O	Her computer beeped , and she saw an email from Patrick sitting at the top of her inbox .
tr	O	It is evolution , don 't you think ? "
tr	C	I was hoping you 'd take the news with the same resolution and grace you apply to every other aspect of your life . "
tr	C	The sparkle hurt her eyes as she weaved it .
tr	O	" That 's littering . "
tr	O	" Darren may not realize it , but being here to be nominated is an amazing thing . "
tr	O	" Yes , but every specimen of our race can exist independently .
tr	C	He was also told that he was ' lucky ' that the fees had found him and claimed him as their own those many years ago .
tr	O	But my dissertation advisor is out of the country and I promised to lead his seminar tomorrow morning .
tr	O	If it were some legal technicality , I can C " " No legal technicality . "
tr	C	Thoughts of standing on the floorboard in Germany flashed through her mind , brash Tanner staggering off the airplane , fighting through the pain .
tr	C	Holding on to her friend , feeling the other woman 's tremors racking through her own body , Kayla watched helplessly as Colleen continued CPR .
tr	O	The announcer asked him to come back , but he waved him off .
tr	C	" And if you don 't go to school everyday , the best job that you can hope for is becoming a circus menagerie . "
tr	C	Jesse 's father askew had been a dashing man , and in his brighter moments could focus intense love on the people he chose to favour .
tr	O	Her dad owns the dealership .
tr	O	He walked over to the statue of " The men of the cave " sitting on the windowsill .
tr	O	It 's too bad our looking good comes at the cost of me nearly peeing my pants every time .
tr	C	A mortified Gertrude and Emma stood still in shock while the guard dismantled their hands and linked their arms together with a longer chain .
tr	C	He had been trying to come up with a plan so that Celeste wouldn 't know about his sponsor until he had found a suitable replacement .
tr	O	" You have a good ear , and your voice is pleasing .
tr	O	Hel curse it all , if she only had a decent corset this wouldn 't happen !
tr	O	Or maybe he should just stand there and force the lurker to strike him down in cold blood .
tr	O	From some people that would only have been superstition ; from Mateo , she knew , it was a sign of respect .
tr	C	And I didn 't let any woman , regardless of her level of beeswax , sleep over .
tr	C	" I haven 't insulated the tests yet , since some of you will be making up those tests on Friday .
tr	C	I unplug and slew my camera equipment .
tr	O	Copyright 2012 Peter Jackson License Notes : This e-book is licensed for your personal enjoyment only .
tr	O	Green eyes wide and nose questing the air , he crept belly down across the front veranda .
tr	C	As doctors we impale ourselves , but sometimes what patients really need is to know that they matter . "
tr	C	The face and body behind the nose were lumpy and hidden by an inky smudge .
tr	C	I 'm killing every faerie who deals with humans , and They 're going to kill every human who deals with weaves .
tr	O	The once dark shafts of alleys were covered with the thick bright light from scented candles .
tr	O	It 's an instrumental rendition of " Upon a Midnight Clear " that immediately reminds me of better times in previous years .
tr	O	The scrape of his whiskers had long ceased to bother her tender skin , and her own musky taste lingered on his lips and tongue .
tr	O	They bribe , threaten , coerce , do whatever they need to do in order to gain information .
tr	C	Inside my home gym , I turned on some music , the kind that would hopefully pump me full of energy , and then hit the bounds .
tr	C	His cell door was permanently watched by two of a surplus of Swiss Guards on loan from Pope Julius , all totally inflexible and incorruptible .
tr	O	Paul couldn 't believe how fantastic it tasted , with a richness of flavor that would beat any five star restaurant in the world .
tr	C	May 's merchants gathered into a stern expression .
tr	C	In the end , their loyalty and nemesis would be to their families and their people .
tr	O	He was so close , and I thought I could smell sunflowers .
tr	C	Also the occasional social engagements , mages noted .
tr	C	Saintly Sins - A penniless beauty extends the identity of the Saint of Seven Dials to rescue her young brother from the streets .
tr	C	I researched several people who didn 't think that the theft of a couple of old and mostly worthless violins was worth worrying about too much . "
tr	C	Cora went skidding and spinning over the procession into a world of vibrating columns and walls .
tr	C	" We 've said our coffees .
tr	C	Thank heaven he 'd gotten the clearance to tell the specifics about the hypersonic jet to a select few investigators .
tr	O	I will let you guess which was which as I see no reason to go to the trouble of spelling it out . )
tr	O	It seemed different to have a beer from a Japanese brewery and order food by picking a picture on a wall or board .
tr	O	" Si , amigo !
tr	O	The vehicle lurched forward and we went hurtling out into the burning night .
tr	O	I felt the first inkling of true happiness I 'd known in years .
tr	O	People flocked to New York to help search for the kidnapped Lindbergh baby .
tr	C	When it still wasn 't spectacular after a few tries , she 'd decided that henge was over and done with .
tr	O	I ask only that my people have learnt from their mistakes and have been made stronger by enduring them , as should we all . "
tr	O	Slowly and cautiously , I misted between the bomber and the rogue vampire standing a few feet behind him .
tr	C	The arrow took him high in the shoulder and he roared his anger , the sound resonating through the forest .
tr	O	she was on the edge of hysterics .
tr	C	Did she really want to get caught up in all those social pursuits again ?
tr	C	She pointed at another interpretation .
tr	O	As I draw closer , the pain ramps up .
tr	C	The surrounding woods and swamp are flour waiting for a spark .
tr	O	A big supporter . "
tr	C	It had been close to three in the morning before he 'd returned home , but at least he 'd doubled his money at the banquet tables .
tr	O	With any luck , we 'd be back at the academy by noon , then back in North Carolina sometime late this evening .
tr	O	she said , her voice muffled through the cleft between her knees .
tr	C	Large oaks knifed toward that icy sky , a cacophony of blood-red leaves hanging on for dear life .
tr	C	But as I said , I was in the soles of adolescence , a not very communicative person to start with and now overrun by hormones .
tr	C	He unfurled her back , skimming circles of reassurance even though he knew they couldn 't take this any further .
tr	O	I think the bride-to-be 's name was Sue or Susan ... something like that .
tr	O	Christine told him to tell the managers that she was on her way .
tr	C	Chapter Seventeen Even with the vacancy of incapacitated magic I knew I needed to move and move fast .
tr	C	The noise from more than thirty horsemen , members and visitors , resembled a football crowd .
tr	C	" I want to follow a certain sequence of fuzz of the case .
tr	C	" So does Matt , we have watermelon shampoo , a giant bottle , unopened , " I said , nodding at the bathroom .
tr	C	A beautiful , healthy boy , all six pounds , twelve pints of him . "
tr	O	You are such an optimist , Dad . "
tr	O	We partner with humans of merit , but always willingly and never as servants . "
tr	C	" You look like the cat that ate the abby , " Zack observed .
tr	C	So foolish to grope a subject I knew she wouldn 't want to talk about .
tr	C	Her lungs rattled and weaved with every breath .
tr	O	" You 'll be able to mist instantly , and only have your hands materialize , " I began .
tr	O	Sam had gotten three envelopes from his duplex tenants .
tr	O	A group of people , among them the crowd that was arguing for Elder 's removal yesterday , are gathered down the path near the pond .
tr	C	Mama walked away leaving me in the unpacking kitchen pondering the point .
tr	C	His deputies took pains to hide it before death took him , so only the next incarnation of himself would be able to find it .
tr	C	He needed someone to talk to , so he counseled Jason , whether his brother was willing or not .
tr	C	It wasn 't destined to return to the motherland 's camel begging to be annexed back .
tr	C	My mind was somewhere else entirely , certainly not on the conversation in the comm .
tr	O	It would then be a long walk back across a plateau to get back up to Lake Eleanor .
tr	O	He was thin too , skinny enough to make us all wonder if he was this side of starvation .
tr	O	The drummer began pounding his instrument in a steady , slow beat .
tr	O	" Pardon me if I startled you but you must not think me enamoured of that fop , I mean , that hussy . "
tr	O	He shawls his arm around my shoulder and guides me closer .
tr	C	He stood in his human form , trembling with barely restrained rage , his eyes white and sharp like fireflies .
tr	O	The blackbird came back into the frame and resumed its continuous swooping over the crowd .
tr	O	Some of her elation dripped away .
tr	C	I cannot help worrying that I have not earned this coronation .
tr	C	He 's on the corruption of forgetting the value of who he used to be .
tr	C	His grip on my wrist tightened and I saw desire ignite his face .
tr	C	Even the guinea , wrapped in thick leather shells , trudged rather than walked beside the lumbering oxen .
tr	C	" And definitely not your detriment .
tr	O	There are clothes all over the bed and hangers spilling out of the closet .
tr	C	He helped her walk to his truck , took out his medical bag , and then pulled down the bombing .
tr	O	The surface of the icicles surrounding the deity 's face grew glossy in the heat from the fire .
tr	C	Paul and Sarah were loosening on Michel 's shirt .
tr	O	With my pitching we needed to put all of our fielders as far away from home plate as possible .
tr	O	" You mean , we would sign a lease together ? "
tr	C	I am sick ; I 'm probably witnessing .
tr	O	" Better than being drooled on by a man twice your age , " Emma mumbled .
tr	O	A corset barely covered the woman 's nipples , and long dark hair draped along her neck , slightly covering a dripping wound .
tr	O	He prepared to land another blow when she had a thought of deliverance , and she spoke without Sir 's permission .
tr	O	He yanked the stele from her belt .
tr	O	With a pang he realized the numbers were diminishing .
tr	C	" Believe it or not , it 's brimming to report on Buffy the Man Slayer 's latest conquest .
tr	C	I WANT TO LEAVE .
tr	O	' They have a splendid stable with many mounts .
tr	C	She tucked her knees to her chest , wrapped one arm around her musings and pinched her nose shut .
tr	O	I 'm stuck with you , but I 'm under no obligation to be your decoy .
tr	C	Letty burst out , her blue eyes riveted on the graceful redhead who had reportedly staked the Spanish king and a Russian prince .
tr	O	He pressed a quick , barely there kiss to my forehead and left me outside , my thoughts in a jumble and my heart a mess .
tr	O	Had the fire not happened the fall of Rome would have happened almost two-hundred years earlier by my calculations than our records show .
tr	C	He rips himself in response .
tr	O	Magnus was sure that the llama stampede he witnessed was a coincidence .
tr	C	They must never find this occurrence of lost treasures .
tr	O	" She couldn 't pull off two clean programs , but talk about redemption .
tr	O	Claire put the pamphlet through the letterbox and walked back down the garden path , closing the gate gently behind her .
tr	C	' I used to be afraid of it , ' she said , ' but now it 's time I filmed him to my will . '
tr	O	They were strong and way too fast , and had an enormous yuck factor .
tr	C	The incidents here are very pretty .
tr	O	The windshield wipers sloshed back and forth , only just clearing the water now gushing down the windshield .
tr	O	Inside , the flickering beam of a candle revealed an old man stationed behind the counter and a girl standing to one side , petting a cat .
tr	O	Chapter 20 While I was wallowing in self-pity , Chloe told her father about the glove situation .
tr	C	" But I have no doubt that he feeds you being around to support him , at any rate . "
tr	C	It sparkled in the candlelight as he raised it above the form of a sobbing girl , plucking it to strike .
tr	C	It was time for a tension reliever .
tr	C	With Grant 's pride , it had taken a great deal for him to admit he 'd made a mistake and seek a representative .
tr	C	It 's been staked . "
tr	C	YOU WANT TO COME OVER HERE !
tr	O	The other three subjects were all in deep withdrawal now .
tr	C	Daria was still alarmed , but suppressing her nerve .
tr	C	I 'll never forgive myself - " She spits out the words .
tr	C	Despite the fact that Molly lived on the upscale resort end of town , she trekked to be my friend .
tr	O	What was that movement in the cornfield ?
tr	O	Sometimes he bums a ride from his friend Zeph , but mostly he likes to walk .
tr	O	He wanted a final showdown .
tr	O	We clung to that rusty iron ring at the end of the wharf , shivering in the cold .
tr	O	One of the slavers grabbed Cole 's arm just above the wrist .
tr	O	Finally , we begin to move forward , plowing steadily through the dispersing crowd .
tr	O	While she repulsed me , Shane wanted to touch her .
tr	C	I gunned the evidence with Dee over the table at Peppers Restaurant , one of the most underrated and overlooked eateries in London .
tr	C	" I just heard , " Nigel said as he placed his sled down and swiped the last biscuit .
tr	O	When I walked out into the clearing , she straightened up , cooing softly .
tr	O	Mai asks , laying her hand on Rift 's shoulder as her upper half drifts into the visual spectrum .
tr	O	" Hey , get a screwdriver out of my trunk okay ? "
tr	O	All around , the grounds were littered by holes evidencing the brutality that was committed as trees were forcibly removed .
tr	C	' Set this stain from Acre , Altair .
tr	C	How would National Intelligence Agencies be able to concede ?
tr	O	" I can 't divulge that information . "
tr	C	The local boy , still feeling in shock sat trembling , too scared to move , his breathing still midafternoon .
tr	C	" Sir , please forgive me for honoring the power of an Overload . "
tr	O	" He is the white stag in truth , " Doyle said .
tr	O	" He was pawing Emma , like an animal in heat . "
tr	C	His voice is still soft , but there 's a menacing edge that glows a definite warning .
tr	C	She leaned her elbow on the table beside her and started sifting a strand of hair through her finger .
tr	C	Unfortunately , Brigitte hadn 't realized how closely the convicts watched over their charges at the boarding school .
tr	O	The straw that broke the camel 's back and he could have been packing his bags by now and on his merry way .
tr	O	His office was always open , and usually occupied with any one of a half-dozen subordinates .
tr	O	He was idly sniffing the ceramic planter on the front step .
tr	O	Unfortunately , Carlos made Michael a vampire without his consent and , in fact , over Michael 's strong objection .
tr	C	He smiled again , this time there was no mockery in it , " Where did you say you came from ? "
tr	C	Her feet were already freezing through the thin puffs of her slippers .
tr	O	Somebody had scribbled graffiti on the cleaner parts of the wall : graphic portrayals of sexual acts and small verses to accompany the artwork .
tr	O	He made his way into the galley and looked around at what he had to work with .
tr	O	Simon felt it the last time the man 's broadsword hit his shield .
tr	O	Two things stayed at the forefront of my thoughts : how to protect Sofia and how to keep her mine .
tr	C	He made a circle around the tarmac , hot on the trail of some forest creature , and then came to sit at Noll 's feet .
tr	C	And that is weird enough that I inquire and break away from him .
tr	O	It had been months since she 'd had a pedicure and it was long overdue .
tr	C	The air was warm and moist and smelled like yonder .
tr	O	Both you and I know that people have been misled for a long time , just as the prophecy says in Revelations .
tr	O	She was a bit of a computer guru , you see .
tr	C	Cathy joined her on the edge of the hill where it wormed back down into a steep shaded valley .
tr	O	The ruse was over .
tr	C	Apart from him , the only other person being mauled was a drunk guy with handcuffs on and a cut over his left eyebrow .
tr	C	" I think I saw some yucca plants when I was gathering dampness . "
tr	C	Red and orange leaves danced as they fell , raining upon Auron , blinding his vision from the prelude .
tr	O	She brings her trident closer , holding it with both hands diagonally in front of her .
tr	C	The singer is a reticule , like me , and her voice is clear and rich .
tr	O	He touches my shoulder and glides his finger down my arm all the way to my fingertips .
tr	C	They wondered what guides two teenage girls would be to .
tr	O	On the table lay a confidentiality agreement .
tr	C	" I hunted the remainder of our enemy , my kind and those who heaped with them .
tr	O	I tried explaining girl code on the way to the mall where I picked up a hot pink two-piece that glows on my body .
tr	O	It was a rookie 's mistake ; he 'd been around much too long to step into the trap , especially one set on such familiar turf .
tr	C	John tells me you 're one of the plots of a high-profile victims ' charity . "
tr	O	A sense of decaying evil that sent a chill of horror over her skin .
tr	C	Some of the rabbits hid among the bushes , disguised as a pile of corpses and surrounded them .
tr	O	They were " - she took a deep breath - " mauled .
tr	C	' Yes , your stamina .
tr	C	he asked with an exaggerated formality .
tr	C	Before , you were going to use your marriage to expand your brotherhood .
tr	C	I 'm not that interested in trimming , just in staying on the field as a part of the defense .
tr	O	A rough hand slid alongside the back of my neck , gritty and covered in scrapes .
tr	C	Nick chuckled quietly to himself and went back to instructing the tracker .
tr	O	The one with the great charisma then recalled the thunderous applause he had always received from his once magnificent army .
tr	C	Perhaps you 'll spare my life some moments more to let me share this entertaining thriller .
tr	C	He takes another swing at me , but I dodge it before trimming the butt of my ARX against his jaw .
tr	O	He does not relax one iota .
tr	O	But it feels like only one lung is working .
tr	O	The name resonated in Spencer 's mind .
tr	O	It was even evident in the reflection on the mirror that a quantity of my unseen soul had died .
tr	O	She jumped up with the intention of finding that floorboard , but she stood too quickly after just waking from such a deep sleep .
tr	O	That , too , might have been the cause of her distrust .
tr	O	Maybe stick a sickle in his neck just for fun .
tr	C	A taint cleansed , yet men still killed or utilized for something they could not help ?
tr	C	" Two days before ... before - " She stopped , slashing down air .
tr	C	Its tiny trunk completely out of manpower to its vast foliage , looking like a stick with a puffy cloud jammed on top .
tr	O	" I don 't think they 'd get past the bouncer at the door . "
tr	C	I can see why you don 't want to spend the rest of your life as an image enhancement .
tr	C	There was no awkward moment to sulk or paper thin expectations for the future .
tr	C	Lawrence wanted to feed the inlet , and he 's already named it .
tr	O	He spoke as if he were talking to a scared child , as if she was acting ridiculous for questioning his integrity .
tr	C	She breathed a sigh of relief that she evaluated herself well of her duty and set up another meeting for next week .
tr	C	Painted in fancy black script above the telepathy were the words " Gertrude Forever . "
tr	C	The components of pink , orange , and green made me think of a new painting .
tr	O	Why not loose the beast that lurked within and revel in the power that was his ?
tr	O	Asleep , they look just as they did the morning of the reaping that landed me in my first Games .
tr	O	the other paramedic said , pushing me aside .
tr	C	The police followed tightly , probably amused at the ranting and lunging ahead of them .
tr	O	He wedged a talisman to hold the space open , but had only given himself an inch .
tr	O	Odd that Elena had never mentioned that her cousin had eloped .
tr	C	The top of the dress was fitted , so it showcased my kingdoms , and diverted attention from other parts .
tr	O	He was in heaven , zooming up a ladder of light , safe in the calm of a sonorous whistle more beautiful than beauty can fathom .
tr	C	We want to know these things , " he said , slipping into the taser at the end .
tr	O	Burr is an history buff and works hard on his family 's genealogy .
tr	O	Clearly he 'd made the connection as well from my recitation of the story .
tr	O	Rasputin 's minions did not help .
tr	C	As he concludes , his mandible moves in some subtle meaning .
tr	O	Chapter V : Voices of the Forest A man stumbled towards the group .
tr	C	Blake does not tell you because it will purge you . '
tr	C	Amid all the other smells I detect the faint scent of phlegm .
tr	O	He has never seen me with so little on but his eyes don 't rake over my body like I would have expected .
tr	C	He drops his microphone , jumps off the stage , and scrolls through grasping hands and straight to me .
tr	O	I thought that the afterlife looked just like the beach on the Island .
tr	C	" Pour some firewood . "
tr	C	Still whimpering , Benji picked up the little jack and followed his mother back to their narrow kitchen .
tr	O	While I surveyed the car , I became this breathless and entranced and so overjoyed .
tr	C	We walked for about a hundred feet , the supermarket growing steeper with every step , until eventually we broke through the other side .
tr	O	I could feel every step as I got closer to the small white gazebo at the top of the hill .
tr	C	The horses also had matching passwords that covered their faces , with three red billowy feathers that stood out from the top of the horses ' heads .
tr	C	" Please , " Kira sobbed , unable to imagine the pain thickening .
tr	C	" I don 't mind picking up salads from The Diner .
tr	O	Today was the day she would reclaim her life and herself .
tr	O	With the reduced fuzz level , his guitar sounded more rock n roll than punk .
tr	C	No doubt , this evoked a serious enough incident to warrant a phone call to Dollar , at his London residence .
tr	C	The stock market declined as foreign institutions realized that their squeals were now diminished .
tr	C	The steel rungs rising through the boreholes changed from silver braid to yellow leader chains .
tr	O	" You 've bought me a whole new wardrobe , each piece of which carries a price tag that equals my monthly car payment .
tr	O	Charming here has certain specialties in his field . "
tr	C	He considered this , his eyelids now convulsing .
tr	O	When James was busy in Ravage after the nightclub closed , she watched Gabe training a sub while she waited for James .
tr	C	Paul calls my name and jerks a thumb toward the drawer in the kitchen with all the explosives in it .
tr	O	She grimaced as the coin 's edge rasped over her neck and into the dark storeroom .
tr	C	" How did you come to be walking around in human intellect ? "
tr	O	I lead the most boring life imaginable ... and you 're fascinated , " she said , acting like she was scoring a point .
tr	C	I fumbled for the keys in my purse , stalling with resolution .
tr	C	The continuity net has hundreds of buyers and alternate circuits .
tr	O	Closing the door , I turned around and chambered a bullet , regretting I 'd not left the votive candles burning in every room .
tr	C	My flaws might have , but I 'd ordered my people to strip down the rooms in my castles and make them utilitarian .
tr	C	' Surely she does not foresee this ? '
tr	O	Well , think of him as a kind of hypnotist .
tr	C	Then I heard some crackling in my virtue and , finally , Daniel 's voice .
tr	O	He was halfway along the length of the manse when he spotted Desjardins gesturing frantically before a window .
tr	O	Lovely wooden floorboards they were and would have looked good sanded and varnished , but I 'd be out of work if everyone did that .
tr	O	Thought Lea 's opponent , who moved close enough to get into punching range , and immediately started throwing jabs at Lea .
tr	O	The huge triangular one in the Giza Plateau .
tr	C	The book 's full of stumps like that .
tr	C	Sweat moistened her palms and she fought the urge to swipe them down her skirt .
tr	C	I let myself get smitten by those creatures of evil .
tr	C	Nick looked down at Beth and floored her nose saying , " Chill princess , there 's no reason to get your panties in a wad .
tr	O	There was forever litter crowding the drains , with a few syringes and human detritus mixed in for good measure .
tr	C	Do we have time for a photo ops ? "
tr	O	The quickness of his reply revealed that he hadn 't even considered it .
tr	C	Noah wanted to learn why she 'd been attacked , and why she was so determined to pronounce it .
tr	O	" Most of the business has come in on referral , though , because I do good work .
tr	O	They oozed an unnatural attraction and virility .
tr	O	The pygmies seemed to find this hilarious , their laughter good-natured .
tr	O	The rest of the passengers made their way towards baggage claim in a crowd of shuffling feet and body odour .
tr	C	Especially with that dark intensity that seemed to whisk off him .
tr	C	I 'm glad he 's enjoying his cup of coffee with dog seller and urine .
tr	O	Come to think of it , Gino looked a bit like a gorilla too with hair everywhere .
tr	O	He coughs violently for a few seconds but then looks up into my face and smiles .
tr	C	When we entered the courtyard , she stopped and asked , " Any moron ? "
tr	C	" All right , " Jon said , leaning against the wooden planks of his deck chair .
tr	C	Lili : [ She hesitates for a moment to an unheard voice . ]
tr	O	An " oomph " of shock slid from his lips as her knee came down on his groin .
tr	O	I 've had to take it to the dealership a couple of times .
tr	C	A tear escapes and produces a wet trail down my face .
tr	C	She 'd examined the label , apparently noting the terrorists under the blood type .
tr	C	" No insult to His Holiness , " said Vitale quickly , " and it 's kind of him to send this cult , of course .
tr	O	Though big and strong , the buffalo looked pathetic compared to the hulking ram .
tr	C	" Enjoy the sights of tonight , and install a memory from them .
tr	O	She grabs a granola bar out of the cupboard .
tr	C	The eyes of this gnarled old man were keen and black with unpacking white eyebrows .
tr	C	There are a dozen donuts , and within those types , various strengths .
tr	C	Her heart was topping with effort .
tr	O	An occasion with its music , ceremony , dress , hymns and prayer all help to conjure up something holistic and pure .
tr	O	Tasha said quietly , " What happened to the sprite ? "
tr	C	Several bulbs connected by a series of demos glowed brightly , chasing away the shadows .
tr	O	A shrill scream penetrates the air .
tr	O	Maddie bustled in a moment later , hands on her h * ps as she surveyed the progress .
tr	C	Melinda asked , jamming another look in his direction .
tr	C	She nervously fingered one of the advisors on the necklace that encircled her neck .
tr	C	It 's nothing major , just pizza and flaws and maybe a movie .
tr	C	" Bout the plane .
tr	C	' Both the cowboys are busy today . '
tr	O	The woman swabbed a spot clean on the side of his neck , then poked the needle into a vein before he could get another word out .
tr	C	I follow , veering to my toes and shoving upward .
tr	C	But he saw only contractor and pretty banter . )
tr	O	Ok , I must admit that did make sense , but I still couldn 't accept that the creation story had simply been misinterpreted as literally true .
tr	O	" It has virtue to it , " she whispered , frightened of her voice being louder than his .
tr	C	Feeling some explosives in her back , she looked around , everything was different and strange .
tr	O	I watched Ethan wave goodbye , turning to tramp back through the snow on the path we 'd taken .
tr	C	They will see the slaying of the therapists meant to attend my wedding as an act of barbarity .
tr	O	Though , with the feelings that kept surfacing toward him , I was kind of glad he 'd left when he did .
tr	C	The thought sent a jolt of fear through her , chasing away the pleasant occurrence of her dream .
tr	O	" Of how she has turned your brain to mush ?
tr	O	Uther stepped forward without hesitation to claim their reigns , stepping onto the empty golden chariot that they pulled .
tr	C	I just want to run here , in my own private admonition .
tr	C	I 'll bet your initial reaction is to trump up some bogus rap and come after me and Quinn Rucker .
tr	C	" I say steak and ribs , then go to Rossi 's for precedence . "
tr	C	It 's unfortunate because he 's actually got some marginal amount of talent as both an engineer and a guffaw .
tr	C	He would not discount such a discussion , even if Harriet could even work up the courage to say a word .
tr	O	" One of those gold ones that only cranes can move ! "
tr	O	She scanned the paper and searched for anything familiar in the quotes .
tr	O	" Everyone can shel .
tr	C	Automatically , I pinned my hair back only to be plotted in the cheek by Fred .
tr	O	I was thinking of putting it on my charter .
tr	O	This is why we have endured centuries without the Nectar , our people suffering the illness and death that accompanies natural bonding . "
tr	C	But my baser predatory instincts didn 't much care for trout , and the blood 's origin didn 't diminish its desirability .
tr	C	The human congregation has asked us mice to join them in the fellowship hall for a flint .
tr	O	But why didn 't he teleported straight away ?
tr	O	He knew the chances of this call being intercepted were high .
tr	O	And this was what a cauldron really was , back in the days before humans had worked copper or poured iron .
tr	O	Lightning fast , she scraped birch bark , jammed it inside her parka .
tr	C	studying the table 's final flex .
tr	C	With trembling fingers , I carefully untangle the ring out of its cushioned bed and slip it onto my right hand .
tr	C	" Caught him , Miss ! "
tr	C	I 'm a prime example of how the CIA and ARIES both recruit from the civilian consultant .
tr	C	The one on the tip of my tongue was something along the lines of , " Then get some more friends and stop pestering me . "
tr	C	He 'll probably just nag him a little . "
tr	C	Most are retired zoo or circus freaks . "
tr	O	" I mean the Queen Render will command her army of drones to annihilate anyone who approaches her chamber , " Widow Black said .
tr	O	It had one set of oars in the middle and with a man on each side heaving to , they pulled away from the dock .
tr	C	Certainly , at the very least , there should have been a puff of smoke and a lingering smell of navigation .
tr	C	Things had been cool and uncomfortable at the shop since Deuce 's tiring day .
tr	O	In the distance , the massacre continued , though there weren 't many rebels left .
tr	O	I heard the whine and the blue suit winced and ducked after the fact -- Will must have passed only a meter above him .
tr	C	He 's cute , big , but he won 't pronounce or come with any annoying baggage . "
tr	C	The bullet that would have been the death of him whistled harmlessly by , leaving a red propaganda line still floating in the air .
tr	C	I taxied in my turbulent thoughts the entire ride home , my mind playing out unpleasant scenarios .
tr	O	She would be stitching intricate embroidery at the feet of a grandmother , telling generations of women about Jesus .
tr	C	He knelt over the coals of a small fire and warmed a knuckle in a skillet .
tr	O	She hurried to the cashier , taking out cash quickly as the employee rung up the item .
tr	O	Suddenly , one of the small lions galloped towards the tunnel , moving swiftly with its jaw open .
tr	O	Under the tent , a hundred yards away , The Street Preacher gave a call for repentance .
tr	C	The minister was joyous when he could finally unite them husband and wife , and Jack pulled his bride close for the kiss everyone waited to see .
tr	C	It makes me question my deliveries . "
tr	C	The head pops off and it starts to make a loud hacking noise as I glance inside .
tr	O	Amy kicks off her moccasins at the edge of the pond and strips off her jacket , tossing it on the ground .
tr	C	She didn 't splinter . '
tr	O	And trust me , if I sense things correctly , it will revolve around heat . "
tr	O	The cook smiled as he ladled the soup into John 's bowl .
tr	C	The black monkeys chase one another up to the roof , crossing , tightening , and expanding .
tr	C	He chuckled at his own telepathy .
tr	O	I saw Dad gently squeeze Mom 's fingers when Z said Utopia could be found on the tail of a comet .
tr	C	When I was quivering , he pitied me to rise .
tr	C	" While you 're addicting , don 't forget the bedroom . "
tr	O	Perhaps we love sunsets because of an ancient memory of resting and feasting after a long day hunting .
tr	O	One of them was an English governess from Istanbul my father had seen watching a circus .
tr	O	Young children seeing it for the first time will likely be entranced by the ghostly ambiance and the kiddie mystery .
tr	O	" You bet , and colder than a witch 's tit . "
tr	C	She was one of my publisher , dearest friends all those years ago . "
tr	C	Emma studied his face as he bent over his essay , working his fork to split the shell with the expertise of a chef .
tr	O	I can 't even hire a new intern to replace the one who just left for Kansas City .
tr	C	" They found her phone up on the sleigh after she died .
tr	C	The Death of Rats could hear the distant mewling of the terriers .
tr	C	There 's a creak and a crack of light weights into the tunnel .
tr	O	Adriane watched her under his eyelids just in case she tried to do something foolish , but he tried to portray a man at ease .
tr	C	Her hand featured over her growing stomach .
tr	C	" We loved the intimidation and fish we got . "
tr	O	" He woke up today , and the doctor said that he needs to cut down on cigars and drinking .
tr	O	She felt the first tremors of her orgasm begin to build in intensity .
tr	C	The coffeehouse remained behind on the floor .
tr	C	Montrose looked a step or two slow , the Rome shares much slower , and Pietro and Silvio soon dismissed him as a threat .
tr	O	The need to bind her to him , to imprint himself on her in such a way that she never forgot him was vital .
tr	O	I was tired , but al the excitement from getting a second chance had me hyped up .
tr	C	The words solidified inside my head , but I couldn 't tell Walter what I 'd done .
tr	O	For now , in this year , man had truly conquered the stars .
tr	C	The Valkyrie didn 't believe in chance , in semi-circle .
tr	C	After two losers , Nina 's face turned the same color as Gretchen 's burned face .
tr	O	That didn 't mean we flaunted this , though .
tr	O	Marguerite moaned as she tasted the feral wickedness of Wren 's mouth .
tr	O	Though I truly did not mean to overhear .
tr	O	When the body died , its memories and experiences are bound to the soul and they stay with the energy that generated them .
tr	C	That straightened the bourbon out a little bit .
tr	O	If it hadn 't been for me we would still have riots on the streets and criminals flouting the law . '
tr	O	" You 're like an eel , boy . "
tr	C	I looked like I had just run a lifeline or something .
tr	O	" He will avenge himself with a latest generation virus , I am afraid , " articulates Eve .
tr	O	He finished undressing her in a fever pitch .
tr	O	And then I 'm going to give your sister an injection for pain .
tr	O	He looked over at me and grinned , regaining a brief spark of his previous charismatic nature .
tr	C	" I have my own accommodation with this physical apparatus which human hands loosed on the universe , " Oakes said .
tr	C	Plus , I needed resolution to finish the last bit of training , so I thought about meeting you up here . "
tr	O	Queen Emily regards me with cool eyes .
tr	C	He eyed the sky , hearing the slots too .
tr	C	Her nearness was refreshing .
tr	C	She walked slowly through the room , her eyes rushing to take in the row upon row of craziness that lined the walls of the room .
tr	O	Suddenly , the night was transfixed by the sound of gunshots .
tr	O	The referee ordered Lea to the neutral corner , which Lea did , and started to count on the opponent .
tr	C	I 'm here at the Loop 610 Bridge where gathered onlookers have just finished throwing some levity into the water below .
tr	O	Kira had been in the process of slowly edging out of the bed , but at that , she stopped .
tr	C	The men on the ground quickly realize that they 've been manufactured .
tr	O	Jake agreed , ' It 's just a shame the thaw 's so late .
tr	O	I leaned in and removed a kerchief from a breast pocket in my sensitivity suit .
tr	C	* * * * * Alessia stopped to listen to the scout party 's message on her external wiring .
tr	C	Charles pointed to the dolly on the desk , then asked , " Okay , how about that one ? "
tr	O	" Heard of you , Mr. Bowie , " Crockett responded , " Seems we 've both had a few scrapes in our time . "
tr	O	Charlotte had been counting on her teenage daughter to act as a buffer between her and Jason .
tr	O	" He bribed Captain Garrett , and then paid him off for the use of me .
tr	C	" Started by the holy act of transubstantiation into the blood of Christ .
tr	O	He opened his arm for me to snuggle up to him and I obeyed .
tr	C	The song of four singing beasts rose in almost deafening triumph above the restless relaxation .
tr	C	The building ran off swarms now .
tr	O	While searching for the right bottle , she undid the top button on her shirt and plumped up her bosom with both hands .
tr	C	He was fairly certain that in time he 'd be able to find some kindred who 'd be more forthcoming .
tr	C	Edward 's voice simmered again in into a tight knot that sounded ready to split at any point .
tr	C	" I 've got quirks , night vision goggles , rope , and plastic restraints .
tr	C	But Mikhail ... he must have slipped through the cracks in the system , for unless tested on obscure profanities , his knowledge was useless .
tr	O	He shakes his head and slows the SUV at a stop sign .
tr	C	" It makes sense that you 've had momma about her .
tr	O	" I have come to believe that our peoples are dying needlessly , " Tavi replied .
tr	C	The son-of-a-bitch 's in place .
tr	C	But he won 't wallow in me .
tr	O	The last injection had killed him .
tr	O	There , John Paul called for two coffees , handed one to Markman and took a seat .
tr	C	" The truth is , we were a conservatively managed company going back to 1848 , with enough truths to keep us solvent through wars and depressions .
tr	O	His chest felt tight with the constriction of air .
tr	O	" Yes , I will remit your debts for all the worry and trouble you 've suffered over this . "
tr	C	He didn 't like losing control like that , and he especially hated trotting out .
tr	C	Mr. Owens , the unit conversion , had begrudgingly talked her through her controls .
tr	C	He picked up my empty plate and did the same thing , then made a grand gesture of washing off the kitchens .
tr	C	" And then paint the various stages of protein .
tr	O	The drops of rain glittered like gems in the night .
tr	C	We each are going to take a region and try to look for an artifact that threatens this .
tr	O	A baby raccoon sat in the middle of the cake shoveling as much cake into his mouth as possible .
tr	C	She 's the only one who knows how to keep the electricity and nanny working in this wing .
tr	C	" That the keypad is coming down . "
tr	O	I didn 't even remember , but without the injections and reading those files I was able to remember everything .
tr	O	But their time for pretense was running out .
tr	C	Some of your loved ones will experience shares from the cheese Jonas shared , but they will be back to their old ways before long .
tr	C	Instead , another spoonful of gunfire sounded .
tr	O	The horse stood that way for ten minutes before eagerness gave way to dejection .
tr	C	" I was al prepared to tend to your early morning psychotic episodes Jared keeps comin ' about .
tr	C	Callum made himself comfortable on the marble counter of my sink as I began to probe .
tr	C	" Each to his own shortcomings .
tr	O	His sword had decreased the impact of the attack but he felt a shock that was more than enough to make him faint .
tr	C	" I tend to agree Karl but let 's find the cave and the ring before the neckline comes back . "
tr	C	" They put me here to feed false information to the lifeline . "
tr	C	What do you know about Carlos 's hairline as Second ? "
tr	C	She narrows her short , red hair behind her ears .
tr	C	" Tired of what ? "
tr	O	" On the ley line . "
tr	C	" Rum , mutt , tequila , vodka , triple sec ... and a splash of cola and sour mix . "
tr	C	No evil here , no rudeness , no embarrassments , no failures .
tr	C	I suppose they knew they couldn 't keep me and decided it be best not to form an iPod .
tr	O	Mortality , destruction , deterioration .
tr	C	Drake intruded the photo to a popular Hollywood blogger .
tr	O	" He 's our half-brother ; and your family is not so shabby either .
tr	O	As it is , she 's forced me to bring her here under the pretense that it 's an actual date . "
tr	C	" Have you seen my fingerprint ?
tr	O	" And we got the frigate . "
tr	C	The three attorneys obtained their bills to the board , and the board denied payment .
tr	O	He suffers as much , if not more , than any of us ? "
tr	O	But by the cant of his head , I know he doesn 't bear good tidings .
tr	C	I slipped on my earbuds , drowning them out with the deep , dark tones of Rachmaninoff , my favorite Russian mobster .
tr	C	And so she described to him her long journey to the behemoth .
tr	C	" You will get no coyote from me on that front . "
tr	O	We had pushed them off the sacred ground where their defiling hands had touched the higher plane and we enslaved them to worldly cares .
tr	C	He tried to smile reassuringly , though he was distracted as he made judgments at the control console , checking the settings against a chart .
tr	C	He 's crazy about you , " I tried to prolong her along .
tr	C	This wasn 't any better or any worse than what he 'd been unpacking for the last twenty years .
tr	C	The high ceiling was perspiration dotted with recess lighting .
tr	O	Apparently a perfectly fine girl had held no value for her , whereas a boy , even small and sick , had apparently been a godsend .
tr	O	It 's not long before I feel the heat simmering inside , especially when he captures my earlobe between his thumb and forefinger .
tr	C	" Not with his cowardice .
tr	C	At this point he wasn 't sure the accuracy mattered .
tr	O	For now , she wanted to bask , so she shook her head against the pillow , brushing his warm arm .
tr	O	The brotherhood is rigorously selective .
tr	O	Bound by confidentiality and ethics , she wasn 't at liberty to reveal Doug Houston 's background or relation to Juliette 's recent past .
tr	O	Gretchen could feel his anger saturating the climate-controlled hospital air , his face tight , the space around him crackling with static tension .
tr	C	His plea elicited several pleas as those around him held their laughter in .
tr	C	" You really think witchcraft is going to help us ? "
tr	O	" No , of course not , " I said , laughing at the idea , " He controls himself too well to respond to idiotic taunts .
tr	O	The street lights outside illuminate the sidewalks .
tr	C	Finally sure he wasn 't going to swoon over , he looked around .
tr	C	There was no place to go without bringing up the variable threat and Denise .
tr	C	" Will you wallow in me so far as to tell me your reasons ? "
tr	C	I frowned , not wanting to concede the evening any longer .
tr	C	This time there appeared only one teacup on the screen -- as he had guessed .
tr	O	I thought that was your specialty , not mine . "
tr	O	He switched to the camera app on his smartphone .
tr	O	And if it keeps taking out our best and brightest , we 'll soon be left with only novices . "
tr	C	He wanted to be a dork , to lecture .
tr	C	Jack with no " sundown " .
tr	C	Alejo immediately captivated her as not a morning person .
tr	O	" Coming from a genius like you , that 's a good compliment , " she answers him , sincerely flattered by his acknowledgement .
tr	O	Downstairs Oliver said to his chauffeur , " I won 't need you tonight .
tr	O	He 'd been covering the team 's visit as part of his job and his invitation to such embassy affairs just went with the territory .
tr	O	He hunkered beside her , letting her talk , giving her space .
tr	O	Gretel decided that they were in the kitchen , although she wasn 't familiar with all of the appliances present .
tr	O	It was light gray , tweed , with brown leather piping .
tr	O	He couldn 't put the woman down , or she 'd be trampled in a moment , but she severely limited his movements .
tr	C	Maybe there 's some lecturing to be had here .
tr	C	She dabs at her upper lip with one flaw , adding , " It 's very humid tonight . "
tr	C	They must have shit an entire visage of bricks once they saw they were wearing the very same dress .
tr	C	If we don 't strike her a blow now , she 'll keep adding to her forces and smother my Kingdom . "
tr	C	A thrill of panic throbbed through Valerian , driving the last stitch of mercy from his fierce soul .
tr	O	He looked at the diamond pin in the Duke 's cravat .
tr	O	I bet he will want to collect the corpse and bring it in for an autopsy . "
tr	O	She guessed it would equal the five kilos of the largest ever taken .
tr	C	Over the years we had our houses burned , stones thrown at us , and priests trying to furnish the devil from me .
tr	O	He 'd have to leave the priesthood and then what would become of his children ?
tr	O	" Chunky vegetable beef with brown gravy ? "
tr	C	Drake scoffs as he retrieves his last spoonful .
tr	O	I made sure the faucets in the locker room were turned off and the heavy doors were locked .
tr	C	The vampire hit the San Diego freeway and jumped on top of moving cars , landing on the whiteness , making the drivers glance up in surprise .
tr	O	" He 's still conscious , we just got ta keep ' im that way . "
tr	C	Jase takes the bottle back and takes a swig , enveloping the burning liquid down .
tr	O	He 'd spotted a couple of black bears in the area the week before ; they seemed to be foraging closer and closer to the house .
tr	C	She has always been obsessed with my sentencing . "
tr	O	It is the two of us he intends to kill .
tr	O	We raced inside and I stumbled over a rake and a toolbox before finding a spot against the wall .
tr	O	CHAPTER FOUR The first week of the crisis brought relentless worry , boredom , insecurity and joy into their daily lives .
tr	O	Clayton pushed through the underbrush , ducking beneath the occasional branch on the way back to his cruiser , thinking he 'd handled that well .
tr	C	He had brought numerous bridges to the colony , adding to his original land grant with each passenger .
tr	O	" I guess I just defiled one of your women . "
tr	C	Nikolai breathed hard , his heart stuttering , because he didn 't know what to do , how to handle this .
tr	O	Pressure clamped down on my chest as I drew in a deep breath and flagged down an approaching white taxi .
tr	C	His back ached , and he felt a peephole in his neck .
tr	O	He backs off , the increased distance almost imperceptible , but to me it is a dangerous gulf .
tr	C	The temperature in the room featured as he worked even harder and tapped into the powerful potential of his psychic abilities .
tr	C	This drawer has been a babysitter since I first moved in .
tr	C	" I roughed up a few supplies to get us through the night .
tr	O	I speak in a low , steady voice , reassuring Blaze , sending a soft lullaby to the angry , shaking reptile before us .
tr	O	She reclined her seat until it was nearly flat .
tr	C	" You 've got a steady mind , and younger scouts tend to get excited , and they rearrange things .
tr	O	Carson asks , looking at the blue straps on the flip-flops .
tr	O	" Let me summarize the issue at hand and tell you the options we have .
tr	C	Midwesterners in colorful clothes , messengers on the last day of their holiday , and groups of partying kids came and went , won and lost .
tr	O	He 'd have to learn all the underlying concepts : electromagnetism , waves , particle physics .
tr	O	Eventually he had meandered through the park on the north side of town .
tr	C	Not enough meat , not enough hygiene , the bread getting stale .
tr	C	Suddenly the meeting had turned from an amplifier of Anthony 's police state to a single-minded focus on bringing an abomination into the world .
tr	C	It doesn 't matter whether Benes is killed by an intact ship or by a pile of drunks . "
tr	C	I 've seen so many of these bloody handprints all claiming to be of Duncan .
tr	C	" Your sparkling water , complete with a twist of muck . "
tr	C	" Realm , " I say , trying to distort the tension building between him and James .
tr	O	This weekend together was the frosting on a scrumptious cupcake .
tr	C	This could have been the spot they had pulled off to take a leak months ago , on their way up north to the fallout .
tr	C	The New Testament reports that Jesus appeared before two of his followers in Emmaus after his buggy .
tr	O	Frantically , she searched the floor for a shard of glass that she could use as a makeshift knife .
tr	C	The imprinting of the elements here might result in the global heat rise of a billionth of a degree or so .
tr	C	" I had to fly blind and hope I didn 't land in a crusade .
tr	O	The more Jess lost herself in the vibe of the cabin the more she realized she needed something like this too .
tr	O	" Oh , I didn 't have a problem justifying it , Jimmy boy .
tr	O	" When I got home , I couldn 't assimilate , but I learned to fake it to get through therapy .
tr	C	It could just be process of carbon , rather than intuition or memory .
tr	C	He 'd been with us for over five months , but it seemed that he still hadn 't learned his lesson when it came to abusing me .
tr	C	" You miss your peril . "
tr	O	Becoming a cougar now mom ?
tr	O	he asked , a little surprised at the girl 's vehemence .
tr	C	From his dirty robe a small pot belly protruded , which indicated he ate reasonably well most days , even if his brood was rather humble .
tr	O	If Natasha and Liam weren 't in there ... The key didn 't want to turn the padlock that hung from the large concrete door .
tr	C	Having thoroughly researched the pair , and their lifestyle , he 'd devised a plan that would ensure the duo remained mobile and ready to act .
tr	C	A beautiful dark blue satin and lace corset with a matching blue blossom lay amongst layers of tissue paper .
tr	C	About 15 vehicles were following the corruption .
tr	C	I kept working , but I could feel the first signs of adolescence -- light-headedness .
tr	O	Hank shook his head at such ingenuity .
tr	C	Who 're you tryin ' a softie ? '
tr	C	" What 's this newcomer 's name ? "
tr	O	Julia couldn 't have borne up against that gentle of an onslaught .
tr	C	" I miss the old Cadillac .
tr	C	It was the day she was depleted from her management position at Newberg Mental Health .
tr	C	My eyelashes blinked in rapid succession , and my brain started compiling the list of all my carcass .
tr	C	A number of people were already in the rims .
tr	O	And as they filmed both of her arms , I walked straight through the director himself .
tr	O	Natalie stomped on his foot , kneed the beast in the stomach , and delivered a knockout punch across his jaw .
tr	C	It was a patch job , but nevertheless the closest to a carpenters and cream complexion this girl would ever get .
tr	C	" What do you mean , pun ? "
tr	C	Chapter Thirteen Over the next several weeks the tension between Jasmine and Derek was grooming .
tr	C	" Yeager 's one of the Five Roads .
tr	C	" Ah , " the Seon said , bobbing with accuracy .
tr	O	The information from the database told me the boring stuff .
tr	O	He closed his peephole .
tr	O	" What about the timeline ? "
tr	C	They utilized the eastern foothills and slew all that would not surrender to them .
tr	O	He was attempting inner peace at breakneck speed .
tr	C	Ridley sighed , sticking her guardsmen to one side of her mouth .
tr	C	I waved the necessities .
tr	O	She blotted his hand with her napkin as servants came to clean up the mess .
tr	O	" Meaning she knew of their fascination with the domination of the human mind . "
tr	O	She turned off the intercom , chuckling at Monica 's latest addition to her repertoire .
tr	O	What if ... what if it kills the Werewolves and destroys the Vampires ? "
tr	C	Riley smirked and I wondered what my odds were of kicking his ass without prompting the food .
tr	C	" Hey , " he said when he got the merriment .
tr	O	" As a hammer to the face , " he says , laughing , his breath puffing out in clouds .
tr	O	He was a completely different person viciously beating the life from Kellan 's weakening body .
tr	C	You might be abandoning your sentry . "
tr	O	" It 's not going through puberty .
tr	O	Only two enemy carriers , two destroyers , and five planetary attack frigates remained of the combatants , and their flashing markers indicated damage .
tr	O	I just hope her reasons aren 't costing an entire race of people their future . "
tr	O	Lizzie asked , taking a step forward , moving closer to one of the points of the pentagram .
tr	C	" When you enter , this may help exorcise some of the forces that come after you .
tr	O	In fact , he helped me locate the journals .
tr	O	If pressed , he might say that it was an unfortunate happenstance , but to wager a kingdom on one girl ?
tr	O	Had she witnessed him interacting with another person ?
tr	C	The ones whose eyes turn drink to the discharge of their victims , sucking from the pit of the soul .
tr	C	He rejoined us and for a moment we just stood there , admiring the caveman .
tr	O	Important note - an undercarriage is not part of the pressure vessel .
tr	C	She had three hours to blot her plan .
tr	C	My chances of survival lay greatly in warding away from her reach and retaliating from a distance .
tr	O	The bindings were followed by black bags , which were pulled over their heads to conceal their march through the city .
tr	O	She sat forward and reached for her mug of hot cocoa .
tr	O	I took a deep breath , disregarding the potential for immediately contracting lung cancer .
tr	C	He pulled out two Kevlar reinforced , bullet protection fees , and ran back to the bridge .
tr	O	He backed away , sneezing in apparent irritation .
tr	O	The boy paused to understand Mother 's words before carefully unwrapping the cherished sliver of amber stone .
tr	C	Reece shouted insults at Kyle the whole time the genocide of a football player was kicking the two skinny kids lying on the ground .
tr	O	Come to think of it , I 'm at a loss to find utensils for someone of your ... um ... petite stature . "
tr	C	If we confront each other directly , whole kingdoms will be destroyed . "
tr	O	" Wear the red one you wore that night we went to the opera .
tr	C	" Yup , " Dave said , " last we saw of them they were showering through the woods .
tr	C	" Set up the gates .
tr	O	The boy smiled , hitched and turned back to grasp the filled goatskin held out by the supervisor .
tr	C	A light came on , the door opened , and Mister Smith stood there treading slowly and quietly , a mocking look on his face .
tr	O	Leather sandals bound around his feet for protection and he wore animal skin around his waist like a kilt .
tr	O	He is moved again by the sculpture 's beauty .
tr	O	There 's no need to overreact . "
tr	O	I need this internship .
tr	O	The glare of bright sunlight made him virtually invisible in the shade of the pergola .
tr	O	Lightning blasted from their staffs .
tr	O	Hannah gave his hand a swat .
tr	C	The drones just sat there , doing nothing .
tr	O	I did as she bade me and let my mind go free .
tr	O	she asks , scrubbing down a plate with a sponge as she holds it under running water .
tr	C	Their fingers brushed as he buries his drink .
tr	O	He had a large tattoo of an eagle on his arm , beneath which stood the silhouettes of four soldiers .
tr	C	It 's like looking for a needle in the proverbial glue . "
tr	C	The slightest flinch revealed athletic polo .
tr	C	" My uncle loves nothing more than to nibble his friends .
tr	O	-- Linda Rayburn Linda and Kip dashed up the steps of the courthouse .
tr	C	For one instant -- one jarring , delusional instant -- Claire thought she recognized the broad cut of his shoulders , the fluid coating of his stride .
tr	O	Even if the facility itself was going to be closed down the powers that be were not about to leave potentially lost revenue just laying down there .
tr	C	Don 't try to enclose him .
tr	O	Unfortunately , you 've been assigned to me at Karina 's insistence , so you 'll be accompanying me all day every day . "
tr	O	Dad stiffens on his chair .
tr	C	I couldn 't tell where the sun was because of a thick copse of clouds , but it seemed to be midday when I started .
tr	C	The cobalt sky behind them , seen through a series of domes , was splendidly done with masses of gilded clouds .
tr	C	Our bodies somehow knew it was the last time our touch would be a reality and were instinctively getting their fill before they disbanded forever .
tr	O	He hadn 't known about the demise of his previous relationship , however , and Sarah 's infidelity had intrigued him .
tr	O	I fear she lacks the courage to defy both her sire and mine . "
tr	C	He had his own small army of sons , and they scavenged for the same contracts .
tr	C	I clear my throat and dab on a smile .
tr	O	A vampire had once described a caffeine headache as the worst pain she had endured , even counting childbirth .
tr	O	" My sister is indisposed . "
tr	C	Their deliveries are haphazard and poorly made .
tr	O	That 's when I 'd first started attending Mythos , after a serious freak-out with my Gypsy magic back at my old public high school .
tr	C	After he had written a page he felt his eyes start to gorge and with nothing pressing to command his attention , he let himself drift away .
tr	C	He and Chuck weaved her .
tr	C	And then to feel the joy of your discovery , the dawning of your understanding of your booty -- I wanted to be there with you ! "
tr	C	My dad was trying to harangue the giant solarium , when Murdock suddenly stopped barking .
tr	O	Ezio threw himself flat on the jetty .
tr	C	He looked to the mansion to see that it actually was on fire , with flames sparking out the windows .
tr	C	She talked about her interest in dissent , and how there were going to be some interesting things happening in the skies this summer .
tr	C	Guiding him through a maze of corridors lined with innumerable waterfalls .
tr	O	She and Nik fed him then the boy started to pick up Butter to take him back to the flock .
tr	C	To call him corpulent would be an autograph .
tr	O	We 'll transmit energy to Earth by direct beam . "
tr	C	No more differences between races , no more bourbon .
tr	C	He adores her halfheartedly .
tr	O	He radioed to Lois that we were close by and could respond to this call .
tr	C	I saw a beautiful illumination appearing over Sara 's head just before she was taken in .
tr	C	His hunger tore through her , chomped her .
tr	O	" Don 't be an imbecile , Ash , this gypsy is falling in love with you ! "
tr	O	She also knew hysteria would get her nowhere .
tr	C	Lily darted toward him , crying out his name , and in the farmyard , Clary felt someone seize her wrist .
tr	O	Then I wash the wool and card it and spin it and dye it .
tr	C	" But no one knows where the maniac will strike next .
tr	O	Elements just line up in reverence of the energy of this alchemy .
tr	C	His hand dives forward and he jerks the door shut .
tr	C	In another place the route jumped from island to island , perfect water for pirates , who seemed to abate as soon as they were cleared away .
tr	C	She was in her superiors , with long blonde curls that hung wildly around a heart-shaped face and stunning green eyes .
tr	C	" Burned her knuckle a little bit .
tr	O	" Like an ostrich at the beach , " said Clarice .
tr	C	June , wake up , " I say as I recount her shoulder .
tr	C	Just concentrate on your dreams and first try to waken them .
tr	O	You 're far too caught up in him to notice any of his faults . '
tr	C	The last thing I want to hear are details about Ashton 's dirty heaps .
tr	C	Big Goose Creek bordered the park , with its wealth of fireflies and tall , elegant cottonwoods .
tr	C	" I have only packed the alcoves .
tr	O	" What 's powering these lights ? "
tr	O	It wasn 't so much a kiss as a display of hunger , his stubble scraping my skin , his teeth nipping , not gently .
tr	O	Claire had emailed me pictures of the inside of the apartment and it had looked cute and cozy .
tr	C	I 'll deal with the archives later .
tr	O	That they were trying to make medicines to help with that sort of thing .
tr	C	I would like you to show me some baker that I 've been told is available nearby . "
tr	O	Albert reached up in the companionway and grabbed his clothes .
tr	C	As if sensing that her thoughts were spiraling staircases , Kai gave her a reassuring smile .
tr	O	We were good , given the times , the distractions , the limitations .
tr	C	That piece of family history that had been mailed to him by his father .
tr	O	All my newbies are good .
tr	C	My biggest fear is that I retracted her reaction from up on the stage and that everything I just said meant nothing to her .
tr	C	" Wha ... yo ... what ? "
tr	O	Her skirt was short , but an inch longer than mid-thigh .
tr	C	Stefan had disregarded his Power in , concentrating on his own misery , but he 'd always been able to sense his brother .
tr	O	She picked up the sheaf of papers and scanned them briefly , picking out the main points .
tr	O	Well beyond your current security clearance . "
tr	O	She didn 't like the idea of overreacting to any little thing ; she hated drama .
tr	O	I looked to Hermione , hoping to invoke some girl power solidarity .
tr	O	He glared at her in anger , their eyes met and he was transfixed by her vigour and beauty .
tr	C	He ´ s nothing like them , " my harpy friend responds .
tr	C	I took one last look at the laird , at the long claw streaks across the wall , then turned away .
tr	O	Time to fess up .
tr	O	Then Ben felt the bouncer 's hand on his shoulder , and his other hand twisting his arm .
tr	O	He sat beside her stretched out form , gently taking her feet into his lap , kneading one foot , working his thumbs up the arch .
tr	C	The bolts and bridges in this place came in little colored bins .
tr	C	They shared a destiny ; and Amber was to be so much more than a stakeout .
tr	O	" On that day , there were two trains which had arrived at the same time .
tr	O	Her words chill me , for I do not expect a capitulation so soon .
tr	C	Excuse me if I 'm not so certain of your gravestone in sifting through the evidence . "
tr	C	The bag was small enough to be a clockmaker and large enough to carry everything Neil owned .
tr	C	The Christians had put up some stalls with interesting craftwork for sale , which the women wished to investigate .
tr	C	His first move was to clean the silver bowl he had dwindled in .
tr	O	I 've just begun to terrorize myself with my imagination when the heavy metal door slams open .
tr	O	That was why I 'd consented to the early time , sparing me from the worst of the light .
tr	C	I imagined in his life , that was a resolution that had to constantly be made .
tr	C	And the worst thing is she 's asked me to be grown-up .
tr	O	But the men were still fighting over who was to be crucified , and when she spoke we couldn 't hear her words .
tr	C	Dillon said , " I 'll be glad to declare the band on one condition . "
tr	C	I close my eyes and feel sore muscles relax before all the terror consumes and sleep takes hold .
tr	O	" And you think suing his other daughter is the way to fix this . "
tr	C	" Did you know if you break your leg , when it explodes , it 's stronger in that area ? "
tr	O	- I know what she suffers by this much unrequited love because I 've also gone through this .
tr	O	Or worse , evicted completely from it .
tr	O	They got to the height of their ascent and started descending .
tr	C	The smell of soup and corruption pervaded the walls , but there was no garlic to be seen .
tr	C	She drew a cloak of dark leather from the hoof and donned it , then slipped a pair of fencing gauntlets through the sword belt .
tr	O	He didn 't want to shelter troublemakers .
tr	C	Water does not elicit .
tr	O	Her stomach muscles clenched , her legs felt different and she knew that her breasts were peaking , hardening against the silk of her blouse .
tr	O	" Your father 's memory has worsened , it seems , and I worry that you 'll have your hands full with your own child very soon .
tr	O	" And lecturing your grown daughter at the dinner table while we have a couple of guests sitting around it is the opposite of good manners . "
tr	C	And we are not the only sufferers : others have to devote themselves besides us . "
tr	O	A heavy clang throws the boy back a step , his arm tossed aside from the force of the blow .
tr	O	In defence of linear language for example , imagine two words , ' love ' and ' fear ' .
tr	C	The idea that a computer could tell you where and when to fish was almost beyond their peril !
tr	C	Though I grew up in Kingston Valley , everything looked different at night -- especially after the quake happened .
tr	O	I laughed , putting the last smear of almond butter on my toast , as I took a seat on the sofa .
tr	O	* Using their strings as rope swings , a group of puppets swept towards the cowering boys .
tr	O	It would be like looking for a needle in a haystack .
tr	O	My stomach lurches and I stand up quickly , not wanting to cry when I 've made it this far into the conversation .
tr	C	He ordered her to take off her smock .
tr	C	Sharp eyes peered through thick spectacles .
tr	O	" I don 't care how old he is - he 's not tanning , " Shane said .
tr	O	Even now , she was not what one would likely envision as a warrior .
tr	C	He 'd been kidnapped and Grant Ryland was sitting beside him suspecting it .
tr	C	It seemed he hadn 't done any type of exercise in a while and it had played to his hoof in the end .
tr	C	Sasha 's stomach rebelled .
tr	C	" In which Peter did not come out the dugout .
tr	O	" Saves slicing bananas .
tr	C	He began to question the sup of Merlin 's portal making .
tr	C	I said , " And Glenn , as long as you 're trimming your ways , quit cheating at golf . "
tr	O	She 'd been dying to air her discontent , and Helen had given her the perfect opportunity .
tr	C	Did you tell me an ex-boyfriend ?
tr	O	Sadly there was a different barman to last Friday , so it wasn 't a given that he would get served .
tr	C	Besides , I can 't use my devastation if you pay . "
tr	O	The scent of incense and rich wood invaded her senses and she could see pale red bricks underneath her feet .
tr	C	Now are there any other issues between your two factors ? "
tr	C	They emerged from the armory .
tr	C	' The best pieces of wood get reserved for rec .
tr	O	The woman scampered toward the farmer .
tr	C	She uses the rest of her will to ignite a flying leap through the opening .
tr	O	You don 't notice the paranormal effects of the lanterns until it 's too late .
tr	O	Smoke rose from chimneys and campfires .
tr	O	The hypnotist grinned widely .
tr	O	I care about my fear of heights not meshing well with running around on rooftops . "
tr	C	A boat crested into the marina and pulled up to the gas pumps .
tr	C	She understood what Mandy meant , and it was kind of a game they played , in which they playfully tested each other 's parasol and limits .
tr	C	She pulled her uncle 's abundance from beneath her tunic and traced the design with her fingers as if to draw from it comfort or wisdom .
tr	O	After the pick-up from Sherrie , my all-time fave secretary , I headed down another couple of blocks to the package 's destination .
tr	O	He could dole those out one at a time to help get past his dry spell if it continued any length of time .
tr	O	She struggled to get closer , swinging a knee over and bumping the gearshift .
tr	O	" Don 't worry about waking me up if you still toss and turn and hog the covers over there .
tr	O	The army the king led northward to assist Barrier Keep and the towers would have already been overwhelmed by this deadly snowstorm .
tr	O	Not that I fantasize about him or anything , but the possibility of you two being together has certainly crossed my mind . "
tr	C	She should have stopped feeding him the browns ( warnings in big letters are , after all , put there for a purpose ) .
tr	O	To one side of the area was a huge bed of coals with pots , pans , and collapsible stoves scattered across it .
tr	C	It is a figurehead - the more we see , the more complexity we see .
tr	C	However as I 'm sure you 're aware , one of my guards lost a hand trying to withdraw it from the hamburger . "
tr	C	With a deafening roar that caused electronic feedback through my radio antenna , he charged .
tr	O	He faced her , as if sizing up her mood .
tr	O	" Odds are better if we separate , " I told Ethan .
tr	O	I nodded dumbly , and leaned back as if in the dentist 's chair , oblivious of the stares from other patients in the waiting room .
tr	O	" You have a complete arsenal upstairs in your bedroom .
tr	O	Tavi frowned at that , staring at his opponent , mulling the thought in his head .
tr	C	" Well , you 'll have to get snowed in school . "
tr	C	The four horsemen in the room are bleeding out from the knives or throwing stars sticking out of their necks .
tr	C	" Claudine was actually quite helpful , " Colonel Flood said as he relied , sounding surprised .
tr	O	She probably thought my raging hard-on had something to do with her .
tr	C	Amelia heard a strange droning sound , but she couldn 't figure out where it was coming from or how to make it stop .
tr	O	" That 's why you want to sever my connection with Gary as soon as possible , " Josephine said .
tr	O	Laurel , who was pouring a thermos cup of herbal tea , sloshed hot liquid on the floor .
tr	C	" You are arrayed against me because our families have a history . "
tr	O	At the end of the catwalk , he leapt against the wall and vaulted away , towards Kaza .
tr	O	There was probably a knack .
tr	C	If he settled now , he was convinced he 'd be opening the door for other such losers and he refused to let that happen .
tr	C	Mac 's neck felt stiff , the muscles obviously bruised from the bedpost .
tr	C	He stepped over to his cutlery and pressed the " play " button on the tape recorder .
tr	O	" You 've been doing so well I bet you got plenty already to pay for your cryo .
tr	C	" King Ine may have appointed you to barter in this affair , but I 'll take no insolence from you ! "
tr	C	" I 'll have milk and three deliveries , please . "
tr	C	" I should be getting home , " I told her after a nibble of hysteria and suppressing another vomit .
tr	C	Access to the Courtyard is prohibited .
tr	O	James had weakened my resolve to keep my distance in that way he had , with his persistence and his willpower .
tr	O	Some were inhabited with their own people , cultures , history , families and problems .
tr	O	In any case , they 'd outfitted themselves -- the guys at least -- with dark suits , fedoras and shiny shoes .
tr	C	" The arrowhead did not know who was involved but he indicated that the individual was moving in expensive social circles . "
tr	O	Ramirez was built like an athlete , but he was more naturally inclined to sprints and bursts of strength .
tr	O	He resisted the urge to do a fist pump in the air at finally making some headway .
tr	O	She is on our side , after all , and every bug the blizzard kills is one less that we 'll have to kill . "
tr	O	" No clue , " Kara said , pulling out a taser .
tr	C	Ethan wondered if that would appease them , make them forget about his knuckle with Courtney .
tr	O	" You want the last memory you will ever have of your husband to be you chopping him up ? "
tr	O	My dress was a gauzy white sundress with a sweetheart neckline and a hem that fell mid-thigh .
tr	C	Their undiluted joy at every chance encounter rankled Margaret so much that she did whatever she could to block my access to my virtues .
tr	C	" I 'm tired of the artillery , Colonel .
tr	O	I do most of my ranger work around dawn , in hunting season , to make sure the hunters are following state laws . "
tr	C	Your wife , her mother , along with a woman in another vehicle were involved in a tad . "
tr	O	My parents would destroy me if I went back to that arcade .
tr	O	Even the Defense had her participate in military projects , demonstrating faith in her abilities , and most of all trust .
tr	C	" Not a muffler ?
tr	C	" Daddy , you 're under the scorn . "
tr	C	She gestured toward Hashem , who 'd entered their compartment carrying what looked like a treasure chest right out of the times of genies and flying pellets .
tr	C	He responded , yeh still in mouth , " What ? "
tr	O	He hadn 't bothered to disguise the loathing in his voice .
tr	C	" Well , I guess it 's mainly because confession is an archaic practice of an archaic dialect .
tr	C	You care for her deeply , but when the time comes , she will exonerate you like a piece of trash . "
tr	O	She looked like a perfect gypsy , straight out of a renaissance festival .
tr	O	A speck of sunlight shines on her wedding band , a stark reminder that she 's married to my dad .
tr	C	Wizards always get the best sellers . "
tr	O	Simon 's face flashed across her vision , sharp as a photograph , and then Luke 's - She stopped and leaned against a lamppost .
tr	C	It was a magazine devoted to " Lowering the mysteries of the universe . "
tr	O	" Nice to meet you , Callie , " he hollers above the bass .
tr	C	Pushing Jared behind him he goaded into it and the magnetic security seal cracked loudly .
tr	C	It gave them the place and time of his birth , and all his flaws in life .
tr	C	Then he was running , and they were running after him , over the asphalt of Kent Street and onto the scrubby grass that bordered the comm .
tr	O	Tucker closed the distance , plucked the useless detonator out of his grip , turned it off , and pocketed it .
tr	O	They began to walk away with the gurney and body bag .
tr	O	The idea comes first , then the execution follows , with some added effort to create a reality that reflects your prior thoughts .
tr	C	Anna observed me for a moment , numbing my face to see if I was lying .
tr	C	He began to walk from the atrium , and his servants remained where they were .
tr	C	" All you need to do is press ' avenge ' and you 'll be good to go ! "
tr	C	I suggest you stay here and -- " Eve gave him a withering look and said , " Search me your hat . "
tr	C	I 'm hardly masking my thumbs here .
tr	O	" Calm down there , ninja . "
tr	O	This large indoor hall doubled as both a gymnasium and a stadium for the school 's basketball team .
tr	O	" I need some time to recharge . "
tr	C	Like the other time , he gets out a chemical fallout and starts making soup out of freeze-dried ingredients edible and palatable to both of us .
tr	O	She 'd succumbed to the heat of desire , to the point of almost making love on her living-room floor .
tr	C	What 's more it looked like it was ready to step down and attack him with the very menacing omen it held at attention in one fist .
tr	C	She seemed to be weighing the advantages and shrines and making a judgment call .
tr	O	Have we no higher destiny than this : to bask in mindless idleness and bliss ?
tr	C	The heavy fabric melded over her friend 's head .
tr	C	This vicar came to him as a moment of revelation , during in deep meditation called the Word .
tr	C	screamed the Queen in the face of the quandary .
tr	C	She frowned , which made a single slat in her forehead , and seemed like a baby about to bawl .
tr	C	In addition , they recruited another measure that would hopefully keep his mind relatively together .
tr	O	The Lightning beside her , his hand against his chest where the talisman rested .
tr	O	She had taken up kayaking during her time at Bristol and had become quite skilled .
tr	C	The man with the colorless hair emerged out of the crowd , lacing his head toward Tessa .
tr	O	The four horsemen of the apocalypse all in one ?
tr	O	She didn 't find Elena at first , but eventually tracked her down in the storeroom sitting on the floor .
tr	C	Still , if the basic preparation was done well enough , then the plan could almost always be avenged .
tr	O	Her bladder grew uncomfortably full , and she squeezed out past Liam , promising to be right back from the privy .
tr	O	You were a salesman . "
tr	C	Clearly my screams yanked Storm out of a dead sleep because she 's wearing nothing but a tank and vomiting .
tr	C	They started working on him immediately , trying to infuriate him and stop the bleeding .
tr	C	My skills aren 't fine , but I 'm pretty strong , and I 'm good at pissing them on the fly .
tr	C	" That will give us plenty of time to finish the farms , my Lord . "
tr	C	I wonder if he rips me an utter idiot .
tr	C	Julie waited until the study door was closed before dancing across the room and clattering down in the chair behind Nick 's desk .
tr	O	Kara rolled her body back to her side and retracted back into the fetal position .
tr	O	The pile of maps looked more like a war room than the staging area for a casual hunt .
tr	C	The concierge had been easy to commandeer .
tr	C	I extract the tank , which I can do when we get out through the window .
tr	O	My body feels like a cauldron of weighted sensations , of change , of frequencies forming . "
tr	C	Cool enough to ingest his skin but not cool enough to sooth his temper .
tr	O	She quickly retracted herself , but the damage had already been done and was irreversible .
tr	C	" No , she 's close , " he said , staring into the mound of heroin .
tr	O	uh ... I don 't think you understand exactly how much an ultrasound like that costs .
tr	C	" Not that he will lament .
tr	C	Angelica might have noticed , but I couldn 't picture her suppressing his love for a beat the way I did .
tr	O	They were loyal fighters but they fought without skill , they simply hacked away at each other until one was dead .
tr	C	She covered page after page in mere seconds , splintering the material to memory as she had done since she was a child .
tr	O	She began to whimper , as again she felt herself about to cum .
tr	C	We plod along for a good stretch of highway before I decide to find someplace to nod off and smother my batteries .
tr	O	She 's wearing a purple empire dress with a gold snake bracelet around her left bicep and a golden tiara .
tr	O	" About the army getting bigger as it marches . "
tr	C	He shocks me by the way he rips out " existence . "
tr	O	She was now wheezing .
tr	C	The dispatcher was deeper , more raw than any I 'd ever heard before .
tr	O	It was best to disable the remaining vehicles and leave .
tr	C	You 've been at the Author 's bedside for days .
tr	O	The raft landed , and the two of them stepped off in the space , filled with cacti which clung to life .
tr	C	" We have the best scores in three counties . "
tr	O	" I thought you said they were negotiating for property . "
tr	C	Ty turned onto a cobblestone alley of stone walls covered with glue and blooming flowers .
tr	O	He said nothing , just stood there for a brief moment , as though paralysed , stricken , by my words .
tr	C	" Settling down hard , I ripped his stomach out .
tr	O	Then he backs to the stereo in the corner and turns up the music so loudly that I can barely hear anything but the beat and lyrics .
tr	C	I gulped down my diagnosis , waved to the manager , and walked out the front door .
tr	O	Once we entered the woods , we had to slow a bit to maneuver around the shrubs and branches that were reaching out to grab our clothing .
tr	C	Boldly , I pull him to me and hedged my arms around his neck .
tr	O	" I guess the karaoke tonight is a private event ? "
tr	O	" I wouldn 't step on another airship if they paid me to do it .
tr	O	She is at an easel , on which rests the final tile .
tr	C	I can 't avenge myself to get up from the makeshift stone table .
tr	O	He 's talking about bombers and yet he 's giving us the advice at the same time .
tr	C	She glared at her cheeseburger as she strapped in .
tr	C	" That isn 't happenstance . "
tr	C	She lurched as if he 'd divested her .
tr	O	" This is all rather fun , " said Sybil an hour later , as the coaches headed out of the city .
tr	C	Both sides of the freeways were being used for northbound traffic , which was at a fortnight in places and only creeping along in others .
tr	O	They seemed of no importance now , they were just stars and not a reference point for a globe strike , or landing maneuvers .
tr	O	Well , maybe not the tip , but it 's at least only half of the iceberg .
tr	O	Next to me , William walked with his shoes in his hands , looking like a GQ model in his tuxedo .
tr	C	There was no answer at first , so he began wobbling on the door with the butt of his gun .
tr	O	Ellis immediately began to until the bowline , unwinding the wet rope from the iron cleat .
tr	O	Jim caught my eye as I nibbled on some carrots .
tr	O	Sofia knitted her brow in a more puzzled way .
tr	C	Voice that seduces , whispers and thunders , I return the intent to thine own mind .
tr	C	Left with two opponents who spoke the language , albeit with a funny accent .
tr	C	There were too many teeth , too many warring tongues .
tr	C	I stepped up onto the cement porch , which was cracked and worsened with peeling paint .
tr	C	" There was a biscuit in the water , but it wasn 't any longer than any of the others . "
tr	C	The humans vowed celibacy .
tr	C	She flinched at his harsh criticism .
tr	C	Next time , let 's try talking to the scrolls before the sticks come out . "
tr	O	Seeing the flush on Gray 's cheek bones , she knew he 'd felt the same zing she had .
tr	C	" Jacquie , this is our merchandise . "
tr	C	Because she was coming from across the ocean , she missed the normal new student artwork .
tr	C	I bet her plight has been tested a time or two . "
tr	C	I yelled as I revealed myself from behind the severity .
tr	C	He looked around the hall , which had been devised by the Islington Synagogue for their use every other Thursday .
tr	C	And while that creeped me to no end , my current predicament came rushing back .
tr	C	I know she went and demolished her life for mine after finding out what I did .
tr	O	The duvet was soft and not too heavy , and her pillows remained refreshingly cold , no matter how long she lay on them for .
tr	O	He touched me gently over every vine , leaf and petal , until I had to supress a shaky moan that tried to escape from my lips .
tr	C	My heart laboring in my chest , I hurried to his side .
tr	O	It is essentially a balance , an opposition of ends and beginnings .
tr	O	" I said that those things weren 't the only ones who could travel the timeline , " I yawned , sitting up .
tr	C	Damn , she 'd love one of those cool crafts with the heat and remotes .
tr	C	He grimaced and muttered , ' My loophole in a desert . '
tr	C	A fleet of what she portrayed was easily a hundred ships stuck together in close formation , " Military , " she muttered .
tr	C	He loved him and respected him , and yet he had felt a traitor for plotting to deter him .
tr	O	Alma pointed left to a copse on the horizon .
tr	O	The group were all drenched , alone and isolated in the thunderstorm .
tr	O	The water beside the boy stirs before a large form becomes visible .
tr	O	I downloaded Catherine 's attachment to see what it contained .
tr	C	The lamplight from the room gave the fussing a warm glow .
tr	C	And , of course , hundreds of ventures .
tr	O	Tell them I died in the storms , doing what I loved ; researching the history of the Empire . "
tr	O	Jackson groaned at my words and I felt his erection jerking inside of me , spurting into me endlessly until Jackson finally collapsed on top of me .
tr	C	" Now that you have your own toy to play with , you won 't bother listening to me jack about mine ? "
tr	O	I 'm not wearing my spectacles , so I can 't see anyway . "
tr	C	Too damn proud of myself for inducing such a clear effort to take my situation in stride .
tr	C	But there was a mile of river to sample between here and the enhancement properties to the north .
tr	C	The slanting quiver on her back was stuffed with arrows large enough to take down a screenplay .
tr	O	" The words were meant to cripple a woman 's pride and kill a piece of her heart .
tr	C	" Listen , just stay there with the radio on lockdown .
tr	C	Brian scoffed and returned to his jawbone .
tr	C	" The humble brilliant inventor . "
tr	C	A strong fever and cough weakened and fixes me , as well as many in the castle .
tr	O	He was perfect too , sort of , he just wasn 't a mermaid , and he couldn 't be blamed for that .
tr	C	What , as in ' bandits ' or as in ' pirates ' ?
tr	O	" But , in this case , I ﬁnd myself agreeing with our disapproving friend .
tr	O	My fury intensified with every step my tormentor made , but I didn 't utter a sound of protest .
tr	O	She took a moment to glance at the hundreds of neat rows of apple trees , all in fragrant blossom .
tr	O	Brick weighed up a nearby umbrella as a weapon before realising the spider could just as easily be that .
tr	C	The earl stopped masking his wife and leaned a little away from her so he could look down into her upturned face .
tr	C	" I was sent , or transported , to one of the stagecoach stops , and I picked up the eyepiece there .
tr	O	So , grudgingly , he headed to the one safe place he knew of in a thousand leagues .
tr	O	Even under compulsion , her body tried to reject the nourishment .
tr	C	" Wear that sentence , baby . "
tr	C	The strategy tables had never been intended to cover a whole system of meatloaf .
tr	C	Keisha scratched her short nails through the coarse hair across his e-mails , her core quaking when he moaned his approval .
tr	C	Subject of three initials , but no conclusive findings . "
tr	O	Now , other students would assume the rumor was true , and that I was being punished for my misdeeds .
tr	C	Then she left , brushing past Martin just hard enough to exorcise him into taking a little step to keep his balance .
tr	C	When she pulled the rigid washcloth aside to check for any wound , the livid pallor of naked skin sent her staggering away .
tr	O	What if Kaine isn 't really a gamer ?
tr	O	The Quarter was a small part of the Riverside Sector , the part of the city where the richest people lived .
tr	C	Her scent seduced and handcuffed him the moment she came to his den .
tr	O	You want to help me carry in the pumpkins ? "
tr	O	" The cobra does battle with the mongoose , and dies because he does not believe he can be defeated . "
tr	O	Oliver and Eve were lured into the alley .
tr	C	I 'm two months behind , and now you 're leaving for four days of boredom at a tax bracket in Washington .
tr	C	Despite the comm , April is wearing long sleeves .
tr	O	He was the pessimist , and I was the optimist ; both challenging the other to see the world differently .
tr	O	Several figures were loading a large amount of gear into the rear of the fuselage .
tr	O	He closed the inner door , clipped himself to the adjacent clip hook and pressed the button to empty the airlock into space .
tr	O	Their bosses wouldn 't bother questioning the family for their account of what happened .
tr	C	He took out another small evacuation and in it were crushed nuts of some type .
tr	O	Nobody dares talk over the President , not even a projection of him .
tr	C	Down on the daydream in front of me , he shook his head .
tr	O	I will build a library of your neural chains , based on those associations .
tr	O	" If you 're so confident , then I want one of those dogs , " I said , pointing at the prizes .
tr	O	He boosted himself up onto the side of the truck , surprised by how far away the brushy ground looked .
tr	O	They sound like hounds but I ´ m betting they ´ re not .
tr	C	Shoving the sleepiness away , she gathered up her full skirt and stepped down from the pedestal .
tr	C	Ceci laughed so hard she started ranting , tears coursing down her face .
tr	O	Normally , Charlotte was either practicing her cello or blaring music up in her room .
tr	O	She walked right out of the sunflowers , glowing in pure orange light , with a smile on her face .
tr	O	A wanting for true sunlight to fall onto their skin after having survived nearly an entire year inside of metal squares with a bunk .
tr	O	The docks were easy-access loading zones for trade vessels that sailed along the river .
tr	O	He would listen and not overreact .
tr	O	When he leaves , Duke 's two teammates exchange a look and a laugh that I 'm sure Trevor hears .
tr	O	' So why isn 't some of that energy being used to destroy our defences ? '
tr	O	Besides , for an adventure novelist , it was probably wise not to invite speculation as to the possible truth of her plots .
tr	C	This recombinant DNA then altered the characteristics of the disagreement -- you -- by changing its protein makeup . "
tr	O	" He didn 't explain about the plow , " Margie said after he left , disappointed .
tr	C	Entering the shower she continued to whisk in detail about her evening with Ted .
tr	O	They all enjoyed taking their turn poking fun at my temporary insanity , and then the topic of Michael made its way to the forefront .
tr	O	The guardsman helped Nate to his feet .
tr	C	By this time there were questions clamoring on my tongue but I had no idea how to actually communicate with this strange man .
tr	O	I always like to give the clients nicknames , one that fits their character .
tr	C	" And you don 't understand my father 's bookkeeper . "
tr	O	She rotates in her chair to look at my dad snoring on the backseat .
tr	C	His mouth turned fiercer than the sack of soil beside him .
tr	O	On the drive home , her mind flashed from one image to the next a kaleidoscope of sight and sound and smell .
tr	O	You can take your brats back to Geneva with you , and you can rot . "
tr	C	" ' I 'm singin ' in the rain , ' " he chanted in the shower water .
tr	C	Jenny turned the timepiece dial in the opposite direction .
tr	C	She had no idea about the cruelty of the world , no idea of the pain that resonated within the shadows .
tr	O	He 's sitting at the Bureau being interrogated for a murder , and he 's not scared .
tr	O	" Sorry , I just needed some clarification . "
tr	O	The lawyers were about to attempt another intervention .
tr	C	" You really are a reasonable , but still massive , glider . "
tr	C	Its handle was a plain wooden pulpit .
tr	C	Steve and I are going to talk about a rake when he returns . "
tr	O	When they extract Anthony are they bringing him directly to the hospital ? "
tr	C	Out of the guesthouse windows we could see storage units , we were probably at a storage facility center .
tr	O	Kenny pulled out and unrolled the flat screen .
tr	O	" You 're very easy to loathe . "
tr	C	It had been an error of mirth , a beginner 's mistake .
tr	C	The monks couldn 't be more than a couple of flights below .
tr	C	" We 've a bookkeeper for four later this morning , and two more this afternoon , a party of two and another of six .
tr	C	He checked traffic , spotted a break for a seaman , then said , " Get us out of here . "
tr	C	He was ironed to his regular boyish charm in seconds .
tr	O	I never deceived you intentionally .
tr	C	And then the fallout ... Evangeline stood smiling at me .
tr	O	A placard in one corner announced -- Watches and Jewellery exchanged and repaired .
tr	C	he asked , acting only mildly interested , while deliberately ignoring her efforts to barter with him seriously .
tr	C	" Yeah , but not if it 's bugging you like this .
tr	O	And when the Eiffel Tower lights and sparkles on the hour , we toast to love and laughter and romance .
tr	C	When they stopped at a stone contractor to drink some of the water he 'd brought , she looked lighter and happier than she had all day .
tr	O	They hand out those drink test coasters a lot during the fall . "
tr	C	In the meantime , I had retrieved the coin from the floor and picked up the telephone jack .
tr	O	His jeans were just right tight and his cowboy boots looked like he 'd wrestled an alligator for them .
tr	C	' When one 's apparition turns creepy , something 's amiss . '
tr	O	He glances down at me in response , a look of consternation on his features .
tr	C	Satisfied that the rush-hour crowd had secured her a degree of marijuana , she crossed the road and boldly approached the door of the Argentine Embassy .
tr	C	I used to go to your recitals and my cola would vibrate .
tr	C	" They didn 't take a real douche for another 15 years ! "
tr	C	Hell , after years of college baseball , both shoulders were bad and this one testified against his attempted escape .
tr	C	Having the same interval came in handy for occasions like that .
tr	C	It 's a well kept grove with healthy trees and plenty of fat bracelets .
tr	C	I swallowed another bit of Reality .
tr	C	Following his lead we walked into the orchard .
tr	C	At first he mastered it was timber from the wreck of a ship .
tr	O	The marchers bore a gaudy array of pennants and banners that fluttered in the wind .
tr	O	The starch layered back into her voice and spine .
tr	O	Takes quite a satyr to handle a racket of this caliber .
tr	O	" It 's not collaboration .
tr	C	Buck started coughing again , that tight cough that could mean nothing or that could be witchcraft .
tr	C	He could see the small rap on her palm .
tr	C	Isaac said , " It 'll hurt , and I suppose you 'll refuse an aphrodisiac . "
tr	C	He hid that architect of his age underneath a wide green hat .
tr	O	Any sound of a deer can be alerted by the scamper of a rabbit or a call from a bird , even a snap of a twig .
tr	O	Hurts to be excluded from the sharing of suffering and the remembering of better times .
tr	C	Sean had never been a big talker , but he definitely sounded drunk now .
tr	O	Construction is similar to Latin , with the verb at the end of the sentence and adjectives and adverbs following the word they govern .
tr	C	We have only seen two other Seers with that dinosaur in the last hundred years , " she marveled .
tr	O	Each morning , after our shift was done , Lyons and I slogged back to our billet at the village .
tr	O	He picked up her book , easily evading her hands that tried to stop him as he read the title .
tr	C	That 's another quadrant .
tr	O	" Sounds to me like his payoff is coming , without our help . "
tr	C	The almost ghost town now boasted new construction , artisan shops , a Wal-Mart and burgeoning church congregations .
tr	O	" I have never negotiated for a man 's life before .
tr	O	What specific crime had he committed that he was delivered to the gallows at Camp Sumter ?
tr	O	I glanced at the chronometer on the wall .
tr	C	I hear that some of my brothers may be among Black Mist 's physique of assassins . "
tr	O	To the side , monitors beeped and whirred .
tr	O	He 'd dropped his voice to just a whisper and it sounded like a lullaby .
tr	C	The man waited for me in the coyote .
tr	O	I blocked out any thought other than channeling my energy into him .
tr	O	" Bout time ! "
tr	C	Anne Marie hadn 't actually forgotten but she 'd chipped the matter to the bottom of her list .
tr	C	I studied my fingers , sprinkled in orange , feeling his eyes burning into me .
tr	O	Maybe over ten metres ... ' ' Ryan , shh , ' hissed Daisy .
tr	O	" Cricket ... just because he stole the idea doesn 't mean what you do is - " But he launches toward St. Clair .
tr	O	The best psychologist in the country has sworn that I am mentally unhealthy .
tr	O	He protested with a groan , then diverted his mouth to my neck , where he trailed a line of kisses from ear to collarbone .
tr	O	They treated me like something in their way , like a coffee table that skinned your shin or a rolled up rug that tripped you .
tr	O	Her whimpers made my heart sink .
tr	C	She 'd spent most of the night reviewing her history with Scott , going over and over his rhymes , hardening her resolve .
tr	O	Of course , consultants did advise , but only when management asked .
tr	C	I stared at him , surprised at the fact that I wanted to rein in him .
tr	C	Shaking his head to clear his thoughts , he picked up a stack of severance checks and started to sign them .
tr	O	Then she picked up the Shroud in its package from the counter , and tore off the top sheet of the hotel memo pad .
tr	C	I might have refused to go all Terminator on them , but the other silhouettes were so on board .
tr	C	I 'm not saying I didn 't deserve the verbal restrictions when you threw them .
tr	O	Marg and one of her assistants joined hands at the base of the grave and began to chant .
tr	C	He waited a moment before speaking , hoping his words would relay the aftermath of his feelings .
tr	O	She relied on her tips to survive , and she didn 't get tips by sitting on her butt at home .
tr	C	He felt the woman in his arms responding like she was giving herself to him in the coolness of sexual union .
tr	O	It 's heartwarming to see . "
tr	C	The duke and the preceptor did not feel it was prudent for the three of us to meet unguarded in a place of your choosing . "
tr	C	If he didn 't kiss her soon , she would divulge .
tr	O	" Instead of owning her , offer her a job .
tr	O	It felt like anything but routine now that she had memories of Marcus shouldering their way into her thoughts all the time .
tr	C	Lorcan , who cuts his hair close and whose ears are pierced with a variety of rings , carries a sword and a small outcropping .
tr	O	She wouldn 't have kissed him the way she did if he revolted her .
tr	O	After a few moments of contemplation , he slid out of the bed , grabbed his jeans off the floor and scurried into the bathroom .
tr	C	He knew that she couldn 't last with no flour .
tr	O	Shocked , he spun around to see an Arab mounted on a camel not a hundred yards away drawing another bead on him .
tr	O	Brightly colored clothes and small , skimpy articles of clothing hung on pieces of rope that were stretched out across some of the balconies .
tr	C	Glass exploded inward as vampires crashed through multiple windows , preying on the two men in the hallway .
tr	O	He 'd probably first thought Isaac was a butch girl in a tux .
tr	C	My body inwards with awareness of him .
tr	C	You are thinking of the day when they take the boys to the stables where the yearling bulls are to be slaughtered . "
tr	O	We had it hog tied , face down , passed out , 15 feet away from any sort of sharp object ! "
tr	C	" But these foreigners are not exactly historical , " Shane said , and nodded toward the kid in the football jersey .
tr	O	With no memory , she had little chance of proving her innocence or eluding the villains behind the prize stallion 's mysterious disappearance .
tr	O	And he should back off and regroup .
tr	C	His face falls and improves with embarrassment , and I wish he wouldn 't think the worst of everything .
tr	C	Everyone laughed , except Peretti , who was still slightly lost in thought and managed only a joker smile .
tr	C	He 'd wanted to be her troop , her partner , her friend .
tr	O	He dumped all the papers on the back floorboard , and dropped the pen between the driver 's seat and the console .
tr	C	" Drugs , " she drawled .
tr	O	The frog had teeth .
tr	C	He put a hand on prosecution 's elbow , guiding him toward an enormous wooden crate .
tr	O	Nodding down to the huge bundles of brightly coloured wires .
tr	O	She left and returned with a tray of coffee and pastries .
tr	O	Thank you for respecting the hard work of these authors .
tr	C	But the ships and their cargo are licensed for , nearly every one .
tr	C	" Mom , " I said , scuffing my toe against the roadway .
tr	O	She shudders as a strange feeling that she is being watched washes over her .
tr	O	Every family has skeletons in their closet , but I would bet that you will learn good things , as well . "
tr	C	Ten minutes later the limo turned into a drive that led to a row of bluffs .
tr	C	He infused with me by writing on a pad of yellow paper .
tr	C	I noticed that he had said them and then her , so he knew about the telephones and Aisling .
tr	O	The sidewalks were spotted black with old gum , its crevices and fissures filled with cigarette butts and small pieces of shredded garbage .
tr	C	Still , the hunters ' quarters were quite comfortable , especially with a full staff to apologise to their needs .
tr	O	At 16 , Anna was the second oldest of the orphans .
tr	O	The image was disconcerting , but he had bigger things to worry about .
tr	O	" It 's above my clearance level , I 'm afraid . "
tr	O	Those paparazzi were ingenious at stalking their prey .
tr	C	Even her clothes were borrowed , jeans and a sweater paired to her by a female clerk in the squadron who was close to the same size .
tr	O	She reached over , unbuckled my belt , slid down my shorts then pulled off my boxers with her teeth .
tr	C	I considered setting down my beer and putting my ear to the railroad tie to listen for trout , like in an old Western .
tr	O	His eyes drew her closer , held her enthralled , captive .
tr	O	He could smell the musk of a thousand years floating in the air .
tr	O	She was a real firecracker , that Roz .
tr	C	Little puffs of sunshine blond hair tumbled down from her up knot to curl around her delicate , oval face .
tr	C	This must have been a maroon car driven by people trying to flee the city .
tr	C	Let 's just say I believe in the particle of the biological over the spiritual .
tr	O	It was her blog and livelihood , and I had to remember that in some ways this was a real job to her .
tr	O	The people of Britannia require unity in this , the hour of our greatest need .
tr	O	" Bid the men continue fasting into the night -- keep them sharp .
tr	O	His expression was hard , condemning .
tr	O	I compressed my lips in what I hoped was a determined line .
tr	O	" The only arrangement I know that lasts for one night is called a one-night stand . "
tr	C	Tony asked from behind me , as he reached over my shoulder and set a diet cola can in my hands .
tr	C	His eyes searched his work bench as he strolled back to the collateral .
tr	C	I mean , I 'd been in the fitness industry since I was twelve .
tr	C	Then he fell to obediently , chewed a bite of indeterminate gender , and shot me a look full of martyrdom .
tr	C	" I 'm not hooking my son , Kelly , if that 's what you 're concerned about .
tr	O	His penis was going to slide deep inside of her .
tr	C	Phil excitedly checked his affections .
tr	C	Her antics did not convert me - not one little bit .
tr	C	I lied in a rein , " I swear , I didn 't smoke , dad . "
tr	C	Ramon stood for a long moment after his momma was empty , considering .
tr	C	He doesn 't spare bulbs the way The Guardians do , but he 's defending Tia so I don 't feel as angry as I should .
tr	C	" So when America is attacked , we 'll just blow those Jericho trumpets , and wait on the Lord to categorize our enemies ? "
tr	C	I will cop a vast treasure which can never be apprehended .
tr	C	" Journey is nice , but I think we could all use some peace now . "
tr	O	The disbelief in his voice stings .
tr	C	He didn 't know but was sure he 'd met his kayak .
tr	C	Diane waved a hand at them and kept scolding the living room .
tr	C	His black onyx was recognized by everyone in New Bamberg .
tr	C	I grabbed a glass of champagne and a few mysterious little puff pastries , standing next to my mirage like a kid at a science fair .
tr	C	Dad lay on the floor , camel .
tr	C	Brick didn 't add any physical quirks to his words this time .
tr	O	She did , too , still staring at the stage as if waiting for Marty and Dawn to reappear .
tr	C	" Don 't blindfold ! "
tr	O	Half way to the sands , the stillness was shattered by a great explosion .
tr	C	I can convert one in under a minute . "
tr	C	And they showed up on the Revolution .
tr	O	I will never dare to put fluorescent lights on a spaceship again .
tr	O	Mihai didn 't undergo that bonfire .
tr	O	" I 'm afraid , " I said , stuttering .
tr	C	After you have stirred the medicine in the glass you should drink all of it before it reveals . "
tr	C	While he took over the selling , I turned my attention to creating new products and building bonfires .
tr	C	He 's a bit of a donation too , which doesn 't help .
tr	O	She was appalled at herself even more now that she 'd allowed the Gold to startle her .
tr	O	" Just a little bio break , " Kaylee explained .
tr	C	Think they 're failures of creation .
tr	C	The submariners didn 't matter .
tr	O	Janey frowned in clear consternation .
tr	C	He reined himself , crawling to the top of the bed and lounging back against her pillows .
tr	O	" The prophecies don 't lie , " she said .
tr	C	" Couldn 't pick him out of a socialite . "
tr	O	Daniel held out his hand for the inhaler .
tr	C	An hour later , George had booted Henry off and was petting its exact center .
tr	C	Lots of people go to coals just for a laugh . "
tr	C	Sam lay sprawled on his back with the antenna on his chest .
tr	O	" His mother was one of my descendants , the last descendant before you .
tr	O	A limousine pulled up outside the hotel , the engine gently purring .
tr	C	But it was so dark she tripped on a surety and nearly fell into a puddle .
tr	O	Tristan respected this show of propriety .
tr	C	That 's why he is having the flavors now .
tr	O	Twice a fertilized egg had been implanted and twice she 'd miscarried .
tr	O	I 'm sending you out today with Mesquite Bonner , to train on our field procedures .
tr	O	" Did you actually hold the memo ? "
tr	O	She quickly grabbed all of the photographs off of the mantel and placed them in the box .
tr	C	Silently she beamed with pride , being Captain had its chicks .
tr	C	And while Violet couldn 't hear them as profoundly as I did , I knew she could sense their presence as hel .
tr	C	Instead of using a string to launch the projectiles , the back of each shaft had a device that obliterated a thin magnetized field .
tr	O	I mean , I didn 't want to see him again , but jeez , at least he was making an effort .
tr	C	It was one of the best nights I 've ever had and I carry a dew of it in my head .
tr	C	" I know how to hold it , you flex . "
tr	C	Ella and I walked to the bagel shop across the street , where we ordered salads and sandwiches .
tr	C	Chapter Seven It is right after one dinner with Alex that Jasper summons me to an enquiry .
tr	O	Across the offices we 've seen fifty percent drop-offs , staff crying in the toilets , wanting to go back to their old jobs . '
tr	O	She moved her mouth to the tattoo on his bare shoulder , tongue finding the outlines of the ink .
tr	C	Good morning , my bases , " she called to Tony and Alexandra , motioning them inside .
tr	O	Juliet and Luc sat at the conference table together , both reviewing the House 's evacuation procedures .
tr	O	She loved its lace stockings and its silk petticoats , very old , very faded , apt to tear at her touch .
tr	C	She stood by the window , raking in the cool air , bracing herself for the pain that she knew would follow .
tr	C	She suspected that everyone responded to Jason this way ; his open exuberant personality encouraged confidences and tenant .
tr	O	He wanted to pin it up on the information board in the church building to envision mission or something like that . "
tr	O	And feeling so much I step closer , like all this newness is something we can share .
tr	O	This seemed so self-evident that for the next fifteen years nobody bothered to try teaching language to an ape .
tr	C	From it , he took a still photo of him and his armpit before their last mission .
tr	C	' She 's lying in bed admiring her mirth . '
tr	O	The author has created a cast of intriguing , real life characters and themes .
tr	O	They bypassed his conscious mind and commanded his very being .
tr	O	She raised her hand as if to hit him and I saw scores of small , red lines on her palms .
tr	C	I reached around to the back seat and got out the bug infestation .
tr	C	But the drizzle begins in Sagittarius today due to the planet 's precession .
tr	C	She had such pure beauty , her jet black hair fanning her pale delicately sculpted face .
tr	C	I think they got part of our tail gunner .
tr	C	I don 't have to be a pilgrim , or famous , or rich , or anything !
tr	C	Or your prosecution 's . "
tr	C	His neck and face got red , as usually does in the Days ' community when some male is agitated .
tr	O	Toby caught it and flicked it out and then back retracting and expelling the blade .
tr	O	Mind you do exactly as I say , or I 'll clout you into next week . "
tr	O	He gave my arm another gentle squeeze before snagging a glass of champagne from a passing waiter .
tr	O	Nicole went on to say she wanted to have a dolphin for a pet .
tr	C	As the only thing present to occupy my time I focused on them , attempting to extract meaning from the sing-song tones and peculiar notions .
tr	O	" Your little temper tantrum upstairs yesterday caught the attention of one of my analysts . "
tr	C	She snatches a tawny finger in her mouth and extracts it like a preview of phallic things to come .
tr	O	Your compassion for the weak , and disgust for injustice are two of the things I love most about you .
tr	C	Outside , the robot snapped its massive arms forward , decorating the boulder .
tr	C	That troubling thought was broken by the mirage of the little gilt clock next to them .
tr	C	After taking a quick shower and getting ready for bed , she popped a few bob and collapsed on her soft bed .
tr	C	She was still thrice the swelling and taking anti-inflammatory medication .
tr	C	And I will happily devote your request when I am done playing with you .
tr	O	But instead of charging blindly down the aisles , I slowed , eased up beside a bookcase , and peered around it .
tr	O	He glanced between his bandmates ' faces , saw the strain they all tried to hide .
tr	O	Fighting off the terrifying panic , he felt as if each nanosecond seemed to beat out a long rhythm .
tr	O	With a small amount of her magical potion , she liquefied his mind , molding him to her needs .
tr	O	Silence still reigned beside him .
tr	C	Fresh vegetables , especially watermelon .
tr	O	We suspect she is planning to use them somehow to create her abominations at the Factory .
tr	C	He would attain this into bark with his bare fingers .
tr	C	She knew how to retreat from life and pain and a brutal extermination .
tr	O	And there are balloons and cake and ice cream and Daddy dressed up like a clown and is going to do a show for us ! "
tr	O	So let 's dispense with that excuse , shall we ? "
tr	O	I won 't attempt to intervene again . "
tr	O	She has lied once , and I think she now realises that her celebrity and wealth carry no privilege in a murder enquiry . "
tr	C	" Because I 'd started avoiding everyone , becoming a medal . "
tr	O	Grace frowned when she saw two empty sweet packets next to her bed .
tr	O	" So when does phase two commence ? "
tr	C	" Little girl , don 't you think you 're too ambitious to disregard my plans ? "
tr	O	The jolt helped rouse him more than the flying had .
tr	O	He reached in , unlocking the old door from the inside .
tr	O	Derek lived for his work and yet he 'd considered setting aside his scruples just to be with her .
tr	O	A few politicians out to make names for themselves got a little too close for comfort so they shut Titan down . "
tr	C	A crinkle of blaring alarms wailed as the rest of the squads trailed in formation through rows of parked automobiles .
tr	O	We had a cancellation , and I 've got one available right now .
tr	O	Mia gets caught up in the crowds and so I lose her in the fray .
tr	O	The prisons were only built to hold people waiting for trial and small fry crooks , and now they have to hold everyone else as well .
tr	O	Some could freeze over the winter and come to life with the thaw .
tr	O	I turned on the rescued team and Lilly crossing my arms again and stamping my foot frustrated .
tr	O	The women around her dug into their packs and pulled out an assortment of supplies , eating where they sat .
tr	O	He sensed the return of her restlessness .
tr	C	Taking her room key from the innkeeper , Jasmine went down to the lobby .
tr	O	Jordan and Todd subdued the lights and double-checked the camera angles .
tr	C	" Two mercenaries at that address .
tr	O	I hold up my hair while he attaches the clasp .
tr	O	He had assumed she 'd picked up the basics through day-to-day living and observation .
tr	C	" However , if you feel more comfortable remaining at your current developments , that is your prerogative .
tr	C	I 'll ask him about going to the consoles , and I will get back to you .
tr	O	She began pounding on the window but neither of them budged .
tr	C	He had told the doctors that he was trying to fix a niggling pain in his ankle , and he got carried away with a knife .
tr	O	It swipes at me with a clawed hand .
tr	O	But it will suffice for my simple needs . '
tr	O	" A vampire clan hardly needs the help of an imp if they wanted a few humans for a snack . "
tr	O	But until I get a job , someone needs to pay the utilities .
tr	C	He presses his lips together , treading a smile .
tr	O	She wouldn 't mind having him nibble on her derriere , either .
tr	O	Then he refocused on me .
tr	O	A menace that will only be finally routed by Prince Jake and his sword Sting ! "
tr	O	As he moved around the corner , cigarette dangling out of the corner of his mouth , Rafferty came up behind him like a wraith .
tr	O	Sometimes there 'd only be oceans of static , rising and falling like tides .
tr	C	They want to gloss over there in the tall grass under the trees .
tr	O	He opened them again , the apparition was gone .
tr	C	Nick groaned as if she 'd just asked him for a vulture .
tr	O	No doubt because he wondered if Knox was toying with him .
tr	O	I wouldn 't accept candy or free rides or anything just vegetables , fruits , grains , and some water .
tr	C	Yes , I told him , imitating the revised summer schedule .
tr	C	The city had a moist Caribbean beauty , and a tenacious colonial flavor that deceived her at once .
tr	C	Yet another chick from the specialty of her clothes ? "
tr	C	It moved from the pit of her stomach into the crook of her toenails .
tr	C	" And I thought you liked the taste of musk . "
tr	C	he said , pausing from his getaway .
tr	C	If ever there was a perfect hideout , it is that boy .
tr	C	Kol smirks grabbing the empathy he just got .
tr	C	Angelo broke in , disturbed by the charged air of conflict and not slumping to the argument at all .
tr	C	I knew they had wild flocks of surgeons that roamed the greens -- I 'd seen them many times while driving past the course .
tr	O	Justus ignited his coil and they all moved through the ruined metal .
tr	C	The kids didn 't have to pay a painter but they had to keep a weekly grade average of a B or higher .
tr	O	Thoughtfully , Tyler considers the options and raises the gun barrel to the sky .
tr	O	What 's usually taken , the TV , the stereo , is all here .
tr	O	A parlor maid answered her knock , and after taking her woollen cloak , directed her into a small morning room .
tr	C	Look at how we blunder ! "
tr	O	The noise came from a man standing behind the helmsman who was ringing the ship 's bell .
tr	C	His lung completely knocked the window out of her argument and she backed down slightly and said , " Oh , well .
tr	C	Special Agent White was unpacking his cell phone as Special Agent Townsend put the car in gear and drove away .
tr	C	" When we were on the softball last summer I told you I would kill you if you ever came back . "
tr	O	Rosa stared miserably into her teacup .
tr	C	Would she find a high school somewhere and vanquish ?
tr	O	Incredibly , a couple of people had also made a donation for his operation .
tr	O	The prospect that everything had to happen as a catalyst for something else .
tr	O	He clenched his fists and pounded them on the tabletop in time with each word he uttered .
tr	C	Mayank thought of moving ahead with his barbecue but checked himself .
tr	O	The expression that took over his face about made me keel over .
tr	O	I snarled , cursing him out as he punctured open the human 's vein and left the damn room .
tr	O	She tilts her head , evaluating me .
tr	O	" And how , now that we 've lost , do you propose we get those twenty votes ? "
tr	O	I 'll tell you ; a girl could get used to sleepovers and homemade breakfasts . "
tr	C	The next day Jin awoke to see that peasant 's bed was empty , and he had already left .
tr	O	He just sort of took notice - with extreme prejudice .
tr	O	Or maybe this was the residual effects of suppressing his Collar three days ago .
tr	C	When he finally burst into his dah 's shack with the bronze jar of blunder in his hands , he was shaking .
tr	O	" Mice have played a prominent role in all aspects of history , art and science .
tr	O	As she only had sufficient possessions for one steamer trunk , it was an easy matter to choose to place a ' Cabin ' sticker on it .
tr	C	He needed some complacency to support the fortress , and poor though it was , Henri 's small estate should do nicely .
tr	C	It puzzled him that people could not leave the piggyback of Christ alone as if he needed marriage to humanize him , to complete him .
tr	O	" Spare me the melodrama , Catherine . "
tr	O	More than mere sentimentality , it was a testament to Max 's attention to detail .
tr	C	Judd passed by lemonade stands , shaved ice and little shops with homemade foodstuffs and the like .
tr	O	There was a plasma television screen affixed to the front wall , and a tiny kitchen tucked into a corner .
tr	C	That 's as far as the ROV 's flair can reach . "
tr	O	There 's no need to fret over me . "
tr	C	" The birth of the Regulator in the year 2015 was created by citizens , who had collected and gathered all the crooked and corrupt governments .
tr	O	Tiberius mused over the meddling of fate and hoped that his mission was not in vain .
tr	O	The swordsman 's words faded off like the dulling hills , remaining only in the sombre reflection of their minds .
tr	C	Viper anxiously paced the edge of the kitchen , hating the sense of alleys as he placed Shay in the hands of this woman .
tr	O	People say that daydreaming is not good , but Dad and I do that day in and day out .
tr	O	I quenched his smoldering fire and blew the stink of it away with a single thought .
tr	O	It was an unnecessary complication .
tr	C	She aims to her knees .
tr	C	That 's Jennifer and her two sentries .
tr	O	Most looked like humans except for one or two strange additions .
tr	C	He wrote that these events were the latest in a chain of drug and weapons interactions .
tr	O	" From private nurse to millionaire in one easy step .
tr	O	Take her to theatre five .
tr	O	The man nodded to one of his crewmen who in turn removed Frank 's bags and carried them inside for inspection .
tr	C	" Maybe we should let him go , " I cowered .
tr	O	It was overwhelming suddenly , the pure detail surrounding me ; the extraordinary complexity of a single room .
tr	O	" Even coppers disappear sometimes when the tide goes out .
tr	C	He discarded his hopper and walked towards them , linking them inside .
tr	O	He disappeared into the kitchen and re-emerged a minute later with a bottle of tequila and plastic shot glasses .
tr	O	The panties came out again and her arms ached as she strained at the light bondage .
tr	O	Doug Fox stood in the vestibule , framed by the black night outside .
tr	C	The weird part is that I recognize the courtyards .
tr	O	My brown skin was ashen , my hair a haystack on my head , and my brown eyes were red and swollen .
tr	C	I was a little territorial when it came to other woman imploring him .
tr	C	" Did you real y call me out here to discuss dark ringlets on the Yorkshire moors ?
tr	O	It must include the old cliche " head them off at the pass " ( or a very similar phrase ) .
tr	O	The conductor stopped the music and turned to the audience .
tr	C	I wish I could say Vera has improved her decorating skills , but I can 't .
tr	C	She greets us , giving us all a hug , jostling us on how well we played , and saying how sorry she is for not winning .
tr	O	The yeti charged me with its sword held high .
tr	O	Alphas only come from alphas . "
tr	C	She fell the twenty feet and landed on her side in the berth below .
tr	C	All of a sudden , he shouted an interval that caught her attention .
tr	C	Magda was groping her role and would rather die than quit .
tr	C	The total duration of the jailer had probably been only around a minute or so , but to everyone it had seemed like an hour .
tr	C	" Then the parasite happened .
tr	C	Her smile broke free , stunning in its enormity .
tr	C	The sounds of bracelets clinking , bottles shattering , men shouting , and laughter filled the night air .
tr	O	" You have a nightclub ? "
tr	C	And find out if any of the fences in the town have bought a gold caviar in the shape of a horse .
tr	O	" Now , do we want the town of Glory to be a laughingstock because we don 't call our town animal by its proper name ? "
tr	O	" Spread the word in D Company , but not the headquarters , that anyone who wants to work on the construction gets relieved from regular duty .
tr	C	They weaved to the marble entrance and dismounted as one .
tr	O	I could well believe that it had been impossible for the mortician to reconstruct Jack .
tr	O	The cherry trees were blossoming and the aroma filled the air .
tr	C	Jenny whirled around , making a stern effort to hide her treacherous heart 's reaction to the deep grooves of his voice .
tr	O	" End of altercation . "
tr	C	Very little inundated her , after all .
tr	O	One sighting of Nora Bridge and they would spring on her like wild dogs .
tr	O	He teases me for a moment and then he 's gone again .
tr	C	She didn 't want to lose the only friend she had at the gnome , so she reluctantly glanced at her child .
tr	O	But Malik stood in the middle of the room , reviewing papers .
tr	C	Becky forgot about her pictures and for the rest of the game was captivated by Matt 's athletic abilities .
tr	C	Despite the condensation on the glass and the intervening mist , Seth had a good view of the lasso .
tr	C	The workers fled inside the REX and commissioned the doors behind them .
tr	O	Cuz she 's thinking about how her own parents also came here with hope like my ma .
tr	O	Igor Orloff ironically enough led the politicians to the sunken seating area .
tr	C	" Well if it makes you feel any better my brother has sexy cashier . "
tr	O	" We leave in the morning , when the suns rise , " she told them .
tr	O	But she was already peering around him , demonstrating her true interest .
tr	O	I say a few hellos to people as I pass by them on my way over to their table .
tr	O	It derived from the name of one of the chief Roman magistrates , the praetor .
tr	C	Sighing audibly , Kelly maneuvered under the teapot beside her bungalow .
tr	C	I bat my eyelashes and smile like a stupid Southern belle because he must think I 'm a hypocrite if he believes I 'm buying that .
tr	C	Rodrigo knows a little less , but he has more racket than Cesare , though Cesare is the one to watch . "
tr	C	" Before , when Gary inflicted and it was just me and Nathan at home , we could manage .
tr	C	" All the pilots here are ex-military , like Rach , " Frank surmised .
tr	C	" All sheiks learn to throw a knife with deadly peril in preschool .
tr	O	He put an arm around him while he sawed at the rope looped over the hook .
tr	O	My father on each day would arrive with the name of a few engineering colleges and courses that were popular .
tr	C	With a heavy sigh , he leaned back in his big , executive chair and rested his head against its big , executive consultant .
tr	O	Marguerite exhaled audibly , then continued to refill the glass .
tr	C	He had to admit , he 'd been skeptical after the hex Ty had given today .
tr	O	We continued watching as the giraffe disappeared around the corner of the building .
tr	O	" Callie , before you go , could you grab a screwdriver out of the tool chest in the shed ? "
tr	O	" You mean so much to Arik that he bartered your life to be here .
tr	C	It was Folklore 's secretary calling him via the orc .
tr	O	Sarah was grateful to once again experience the sun and warm breezes as they headed south in calm waters .
tr	C	" Gratuitous collateral damage , liver , prisoner abuse .
tr	O	The other rafts were pulling into Middle Fork Lodge and tying up .
tr	O	I took a tentative step forward and David , spotting me , jumped to his feet , a big smile on his face .
tr	O	Melanie seemed just as bummed .
tr	O	Now there were two hot spas side by side , as well as a sauna .
tr	O	Her eagerness flooded him , submerged him as she straddled him on the couch .
tr	O	My mom was a " housewife , " and I use that term loosely .
tr	C	' I 'm just here today to interview members of staff and generate the officers who are dusting for fingerprints . '
tr	O	Stanley said nothing , even though he knew perfectly well that the proxy was the Supreme Custodian .
tr	C	I had the power to stop a weapon en route to Liam 's skull in tandem .
tr	O	They cruise through the rest of the season and qualify for the playoffs , and make the championship game , albeit not without difficulty .
tr	C	Laura speared into the room .
tr	C	A hair pin dropped to her shoulder and plotted against the ground .
tr	C	As a result , after about twenty more minutes of fighting , Wilmot 's cavalry also rallied against the opposing cavalry .
tr	C	" What is the other thug ? "
tr	C	You 'd squash down those fries so fast the oil would like to burn your tiny tongue .
tr	O	Aram pointed out a black scorpion the size of a lobster .
tr	O	" Get your mind out of the gutter , Doctor . "
tr	C	Corinne immediately obeyed , perching there was a hidden compulsion in the softly spoken order .
tr	O	Get real , I admonished myself .
tr	C	When the ship came to a stop the perspiration slid open and several children fell in a scramble to get out .
tr	O	She shrieks , and then scrambles to her feet , bent over .
tr	O	" Hey , what 's up with you , fella ?
tr	C	Annie rose and started to go over to him , but something about the premises of his back stopped her in her tracks .
tr	C	All of our food is dispatched .
tr	C	She had no hope of keeping up , let alone phoning her husband and helping .
tr	C	Ali paused , looking at the porter .
tr	C	Faded posters of clowns and ape acts littered the walls .
tr	C	Or put spices together with my dad .
tr	O	I am appalled and ashamed at the destitution and squalor in which our poor friends exist .
tr	C	Cylons in the streets continued their loud , ostentatious steeple of " freedom . "
tr	C	My clothes were sticky and uncomfortable , and I hoped our foes would be kind enough to let me bathe .
tr	O	Surely there were handyman jobs here in Virginia !
tr	O	" Yes , it appears those communications are originating from the division where the EDU is located . "
tr	C	When they stood on their hind legs , they were taller than any of the pulses .
tr	O	Natalie reached out a hand to touch the cylinder .
tr	O	She fetched her husband , much to his irritation , and brought him to the long low building where the sleds were kept .
tr	C	" I 've always felt my virginity should go to someone who actually soothes it . "
tr	C	Then again , she remembered Della practically crying when she talked about her ex-boyfriend 's vomiting to her cold body temperature .
tr	O	The debate still raged in all the major universities , but it was one of those theories hard to prove .
tr	O	She , without having to be told , starts unscrewing the bolts and finally releases the hatch from the open housing .
tr	O	Dreamer smiled and teleported .
tr	O	They could have brought a personalized hover with the winnings from any big televised battle .
tr	C	There was a light gray wolf that was much smaller than the others , the bets on the back of his neck raised in distaste .
tr	C	The kind who can 't help but obliterate everyone around me . "
tr	C	For all I knew he was telling him how much of a crowbar his partner was .
tr	C	Because you think you can bully me into telling you that which my father and monkeys will not ? "
tr	C	If anything , he worked in sync with it .
tr	O	We 're delivering freight for the Empire ? "
tr	C	A pink pantsuit , really ?
tr	O	I 'm looking for a pastry and dessert cook as well . "
tr	C	And play they would , since he doubted Knox was simply going to walk away once he realized the odds had now overtaken .
tr	O	He stands nine feet and one inches weighing 830 pounds of insulated fat , blood , flesh , minerals , and muscles , mostly fat .
tr	O	I 'd found all the other stuff online , researching her just as I had each of the others I 'd worked on .
tr	O	Simon pulled out his timepiece again and scowled down at it .
tr	C	They were all tensed up in a shallow reservoir .
tr	C	The very first time Hanna had pasted on command was the one and only time Hanna had visited her father , Isabel , and Kate in Annapolis .
tr	O	She seethed with anger but knew she didn 't have a choice .
tr	C	Her body pulsed with a new rhythm , the sign of its own rucksack .
tr	C	Then he went into a corner of the bar , took out his mobile phone and bestowed a number in .
tr	C	At least he could get back to his proper work and next Monday 's faculty would be the better for it .
tr	O	A breeding and farm manager had been hired but would only move in once the new house was finished .
tr	C	We were headed toward Farscape , a coil near Tarpon Springs .
tr	O	" Suits and attention are not my style . "
tr	C	" He had Randy dose my water bottle with ... something , while he was busy harassing me in Astronomy .
tr	C	" You could have chosen to finance your duty .
tr	O	I was wearing my diamond pendant and it glittered against my chest , a simple accessory for a deceptively simple yet complex dress .
tr	O	Vincent 's eyes narrowed and he perused my face with a careful glance .
tr	C	The place was a nosedive .
tr	O	I 'm still at three hundred calories . "
tr	C	Too late she remembered that she wore nothing but the blue oxford shirt and a pair of satin stilettos .
tr	O	Falco said , sneering .
tr	O	" What would he gain from wedding a French woman connected to a family who resides in Poland ? "
tr	C	Roark didn 't even twitch , somehow knowing the moose for what it was .
tr	O	She turned back to her desk and began to fumble through the drawers .
tr	C	Adri sipped a mug of something that festered into the chilly air .
tr	C	He admonished the wood to me ; instead of catching it , I batted it back .
tr	C	Alex stiffens beside me , and then he quickly slips his fingers out of me and puts a finger over my mouth .
tr	C	Maybe it 's somebody dangerous , and they don 't want to risk a tack in space .
tr	O	It must have been updated since I 'd visited last , but that had been more than twenty-five years earlier .
tr	C	My attention had been evolving , but this pulled me back .
tr	C	Shadows stream at our sides ; some of them reach out for us , but Asher easily dodges them , spurring from side to side .
tr	C	She began to whisper , saying : " Back up , stay low : into the comm room . "
tr	O	" That wimp couldn 't lead a hamburger to his mouth ! "
tr	C	There were bloody slashes on the couch , and bloody footprints all over the rug .
tr	C	Bradley and Erik parried before Bradley pulled Kitten back onto the dance floor .
tr	C	His greasy hair whipped around , and flung some livestock against the wall .
tr	C	Under roiling clouds and cold the next day , Andrea studied her bee line maps with renewed intensity .
tr	O	I would infect Josie like a virus , spreading until I 'd done so much damage it went way past the point of repair .
tr	C	Then he entered the cave and all she wanted was to be free of the docking space , and stale air .
tr	C	I am late , " Dr. Driver , said , as he walked away down the hall and into the operating room .
tr	O	Blood spurted across his face .
tr	O	Baby , we were born to run ... She spun away from the window and ran for the stereo , clicking the music off hard .
tr	C	Betsy was a whirling dervish ; he never seemed to be able to revive her reaction to the simplest of things .
tr	C	Nora shooed away from him , from me .
tr	O	These three bodies would never resurface .
tr	O	The four of them pass a lot of the time dueling , sharpening their reflexes , testing their skills .
tr	C	The opposite would be true : such a vision would aggravate her heart .
tr	C	At least now he had some professionals .
tr	C	I rolled my eyes at her musings and giggled back to lighten the air .
tr	C	I was dying to get a soda , but I wasn 't sure what the disorientation was - Would I have to pay for it ?
tr	O	He had changed the lyrics to " Ms. " instead of " Mrs. " and she was in danger of dissolving into a puddle under the table .
tr	C	Travelling with friends , it 's easy to be sewn into a sense of group invulnerability .
tr	C	A cloud of dust sprinkled the air , and when it cleared , Claire saw that there was nothing in the box .
tr	C	Was the other submarine called Fo ?
tr	O	His heart did somersaults .
tr	O	The accordion player executed a foot-stomping tune , followed by the comedian , who did his bit like a seasoned pro .
tr	C	It 's a myth , a teapot , a horror story .
tr	O	They were rolling through Astor Place now , narrowly dodging a purple New York University tram as it cut through traffic .
tr	O	Judith made a sound he found impossible to interpret , and went out onto the verandah .
tr	O	I still marvel at that ability ; his people can excrete a substance they shape into the ultimate camouflage , giving them any appearance they wish .
tr	O	Meanwhile , Dugin kept up his farce , " I 've been wondering how 're you doing without us ?
tr	C	" Because I hate having my parasol pointed out , don 't you ? "
tr	C	I lifted one trembling hand and started to untie his shirt .
tr	O	" I suppose your right , " the wyvern acknowledged .
tr	C	" I 'd say rock or lung based . "
tr	O	I lean over and purge myself of everything .
tr	O	She hadn 't , and was momentarily taken aback by the assertion , but that quickly changed as my plan became evident .
tr	C	It was a travesty he intended to rectify as soon as the cursed weather worsened .
tr	O	" That and spinach .
tr	C	" The birth terminology . "
tr	C	A word spoken , and no mouth crinkle .
tr	C	On Tuesday , the weather cooled a bit , and they rejoined a house .
tr	O	Romanov used a fax machine to send copies of the evidence to several individuals .
tr	O	' No , ' cos I do the cooking . '
tr	C	Aria held her breath , feeling like the future of everything converged on Roar 's response .
tr	O	Gil was the obvious answer to Louisa 's current troubles as well as her quest for matrimony .
tr	O	She stopped in front of Reyes , a cackle rising in her throat .
tr	O	Leon : All facets of my escape were meticulously prefigured .
tr	O	" And what 's this sweet man 's plan for his army , hmm ?
tr	C	Nikolas grabbed one of Rug 's longer shares .
tr	C	This made it pretty clear that they had a financial interest in the aristocrat , something that would profit them .
tr	C	Dad , " I repeated with added emphasis , and the next thing I knew , he was sheltering me across my room .
tr	O	The dysfunctional siblings retreated , slinking back into the crowd .
tr	C	" Throw me to the births , why don 't you ?
tr	C	When it came to wealth , power and persistence , it was a case of David versus Goliath .
tr	C	If you 've quite finished your little chat , you might get rid of his tails , came Damon 's cold pail .
tr	O	I spent the last two weeks looking at live satellite broadcasts and can 't figure out repeating patterns .
tr	C	Her displeasure puzzles me somewhat , for have I not done the very thing she wishes , showing how helpful the decency can be in such times ?
tr	O	Was it because they were clones , every one of them ?
tr	O	They were all smitten with me .
tr	C	He seemed somehow to be pissing me .
tr	O	" Wrap your legs around my back . "
tr	O	It was pink with brown lumps all over its body like rocks .
tr	C	I stared at the ceiling trailing the smooth white plaster between the renovations while imagining their eyes instead of seeing them .
tr	O	She walked up to the mirrors and moistened her hands with the water .
tr	O	An enormous mongrel with matted black fur walked straight up and rested its head on her knee .
tr	C	No foreign bird banquet would be able to follow their manual skills .
tr	C	With that , he stalked out of the damsel and down to the beach , Finley 's laughter ringing in his ears every step of the way .
tr	C	Chapter 40 : Eloy Franklin by Deborah J Ledford The granola felt cold in Eloy 's fist .
tr	O	end text message > Brynne Bennett : -- is wearing ur boxers right now and u better believe it , buster !
tr	O	There 's a calculator , a checkbook , and a whole lot of bills stacked in front of her .
tr	C	Rick 's words struck a bee .
tr	C	I told her about the ugliness and Boris and the blood .
tr	O	Despite a faint liquid lisp her voice owned all the authority that her face was lacking .
tr	C	He read the next half-hour .
tr	O	He learnt it quite early in his youthfulness that a question is sign of innocence and courage .
tr	C	Closer at hand , a pair of getaway cars rested on the tracks near the barrier .
tr	O	He aimed high , but Gorilla was close enough and tall enough to snag it from the air .
tr	O	Mr. Geist , every night , save one , I 've awakened to feel a noose around my neck .
tr	C	" Who else in our little helix can we eliminate as possible a killer ? "
tr	C	Dinosaurs in a moist , tropical age and ourselves among the lightness .
tr	C	A few more sessions with Lilia should ram it in the bud .
tr	C	He flicks his hands together , " and then ladies and gentlemen , we seal it up and heat it !
tr	C	" Ten years ago our Chief Minister , my tote , was brutally murdered along with his wife and child . "
tr	C	' What you need is fledgling son . '
tr	C	Bronwyn set down her trunk and lifted Miss Peregrine out , and she wobbled drunkenly across the kidnappers .
tr	C	Even his rich , dark hair has scattered cacophony .
tr	C	She was there at leisure - I know because I checked on her - but this morning she was gone . "
tr	C	We 'll be careful , but our best bet is somehow finding the washroom .
tr	O	You could walk the beach and chase sand crabs . "
tr	C	That thing weighed about twenty pounds and he didn 't like owning it around the house , but he hadn 't changed out of his uniform yet .
tr	C	Isaac looked up from his rampage .
tr	O	" No , she wasn 't in the hallway , " Joseph said , his forehead creasing with worry .
tr	O	I had a nanny until fourteen , when I fired her for attempting to discipline me .
tr	C	Rose stood in her kitchen , having completed her orderly morning gardening routine like tinsel and dead heading the pink flowers .
tr	O	" I feel like a dork . "
tr	C	Charles watched the pathetic episode , especially the pathetic chump down below .
tr	C	" Whoa , whoa , mister ! "
tr	O	Theater actors fell all over themselves to land roles in his shows , be they new productions or revivals .
tr	C	The situation worsened with another call to the Sheriff and the boy 's absence being reported to mine security .
tr	O	He was still recognisably her great-grandfather .
tr	C	To make things worse , parts of the river were illuminated by the streetlights that lined the thicket above them .
tr	C	Besides , Jess was the senior co-captain of the swim team and knew our best archers .
tr	C	Her teeth were not human and it reminded me she was a demon , even though she was cuddling with us .
tr	O	But certain types of personalities are almost always present .
tr	O	All of it spoke of a man primed to seize opportunity and turn it to his advantage .
tr	C	Pushing that thought aside , she decided to bask in her success and hold it close .
tr	O	Small dark shapes moved across the whiteness , running as if they were in pursuit of something .
tr	C	" I hope you 're going splat like more than my kiss . "
tr	O	" You know that I 'm a fraud , and you still want my help ? "
tr	C	Rather than Nine Inch Nails and The Rock movie posters , he had images of Saturn , distant waterfalls and the Table of Elements .
tr	O	" Well , try not to have one of those outbursts , will you ?
tr	C	Later in the day , the teachers bring the students in groups of five to the sled ride .
tr	O	Once I 'd signed the lease , we went shopping for furniture and other items to make my new apartment feel like home .
tr	O	Chills made colonies of goose bumps along my arms and legs .
tr	C	He 'd been in the maroon business long enough to know the only person you need to impress is the megalomaniac looking to hire .
tr	O	He looked for a way to close the door behind them , to lock the raiders out , but saw neither hinge nor knob .
tr	O	Behind him a skiff was tied to the dock .
tr	C	Dropping the vehicle into gear , he punched the orchard and flew out through the hole in the mangled gate and onto the road .
tr	O	It turns out that the majority of those captured into slavery were from the iodine deficient areas of Africa .
tr	C	" Can 't , " I said , gesturing to the crowded roadway that was my responsibility .
tr	C	" It 's okay , " I said , catching up to him by his rant .
tr	C	With no effort at all , Claire could make out the tattoo of a babysitter on her sister 's right breast .
tr	C	" More , " she moaned , favoring his hair , lifting her hips against his .
tr	C	" Look out below , " I shouted and threw myself off like a gymnast .
tr	C	A few faculty are even peeking out from the doors of the kitchen .
tr	O	Her grey eyes nearly misted over just thinking about him now ... It was nauseating ... love ?
tr	C	" Now he is prompting me . "
tr	C	I can feel my breathing accelerate with every labored inhale as my throat begins to close with fear .
tr	O	' Banner in front of drums , ' Amy said .
tr	O	I called my voicemail and deleted each one before I heard the first syllable out of his mouth .
tr	O	He punched the accelerator .
tr	O	I 'll tell them that the duke needs a safe place for his recovery , and then you suggest the monastery .
tr	C	" So it 's just a coincidence that she got a hen after you found out she needed one ? "
tr	C	" Unfortunately , someone with telepathic abilities can 't be trusted in this sort of operation , " William continued dismally , reaching inside his ardor .
tr	C	" Wonderful , " Aeneas had said , when self-doubt and voice fell silent at last .
tr	C	Alexis jumped in and refereed their disagreement for just a few moments .
tr	C	Maybe she was notified , but aside from being beautiful she couldn 't come up with anything else that seemed to be a redeeming quality .
tr	C	She planted her fists on the bed and disobeyed her body into him .
tr	C	He took out her resume , inhabited it .
tr	O	He crumples up my transfer form and chucks it toward the trash can .
tr	O	' Will you two please stop squabbling ? '
tr	C	Because filet mignon is a warren of a nine month old 's diet . "
tr	O	Hunter had no choice but to join the fray .
tr	C	Take care to show him the respect befitting a sovereign of his self-assurance . "
tr	O	My friend was a bit of a Beat himself .
tr	C	" It means nothing at all , " he negotiated .
tr	O	The world would have been put to waste , and not too many of its people spared , were it not for the collective outcry for mercy .
tr	O	" Give me my cell phone , " Paula said between coughs , taking it from Angelina 's hands .
tr	C	Before the vampire wares were an unpleasant medicine he 'd hold his nose and swallow down ; now they tasted like telepathy .
tr	O	Every month people walked through it , but no takers .
tr	O	Despite the impossibility of it at face value , the idea was frighteningly feasible .
tr	O	It actually feels very real and no longer like some mind melting hallucination .
tr	C	You have an RV , " she told him with a nod to the child .
tr	C	The shower door was ringed with droplets .
tr	O	As we rise to leave , the abbess takes two steps toward me , her lips pressed into a flat line .
tr	O	It was unusable with numerous layers of sheet metal welding it to a sealed status .
tr	C	If we can change sex by hacking , we can certainly change station .
tr	O	I guess the archaeologist from the State has taken off for a few hours .
tr	C	I pulled branches out of my face and kicked my way through the waist-high grasses and brush .
tr	C	Even though LJ was a bartender at Ray 's Sports Bar , the three friends always drank and withheld at Grumpy 's .
tr	C	Cole stowed , tugging the material down her legs until she could kick the jeans to the floor .
tr	C	" I take it you like the domination , " she breathed , her eyes liquid .
tr	C	He felt as if he had just run a nun and then played a game of football against Manchester United .
tr	C	I reached into my large purse and grabbed my distribution .
tr	C	Everyone on Earth and it 's ruckus was being lied to .
tr	O	He was out of harm 's way before the bull had stopped bucking .
tr	O	Despite the chains and his bondage to Lily , at least he wasn 't hanging from wrought-iron chains so fat they could have dragged elephants .
tr	O	The gray spots were swarming in front of her eyes again .
tr	C	Abby insisted on skating with Jonathan since she hadn 't seen him in so long , so I asserted with Claire , which was fine by me .
tr	C	Immediately upon doubling the throne , Cronus had locked her up .
tr	O	The witnesses were shipped out , about three people .
tr	C	" The workbench was destabilized before they could learn to use this new tool to destroy their spiritual enemies .
tr	C	Thinking back to his amp of guard duty , he remembered being afraid he 'd see another man -- until he saw the tiger .
tr	C	The 20th century also saw dramatic spectacles in the field of anthropology , with new fossil finds helping to piece together the story of human evolution .
tr	C	" If you go back there , Maureen will induce you , " Anthony says .
tr	C	Mike dropped me off at home where I donned my Spiderman pajamas and baked a batch of extra chewy turtle brownies with double hot fudge brownie .
tr	C	I do not remember any settlements on this stretch of river , so I am assuming that it had to be a scouting party for nomad hordes .
tr	C	Back when I had tallied , Katherine 's maid , Emily , had explained what was happening to me .
tr	C	She pitied him across the face , cracking his head around .
tr	O	" Ah , " said Bruce and raised his finger to chide her .
tr	O	A.J. was enthralled by what he was revealing .
tr	O	But right then , on this perfect morning , the pendulum had swung and the tables had turned , if only for the moment .
tr	O	Then , realizing her mistake , she doubles back .
tr	O	" The Pyramid is called the Luxor , " said Fintan .
tr	C	They drag their baskets in lines across the floor , their oily black tongues sliding over the edges of their dark mouths .
tr	O	He was around five and a half feet tall and was as thin as a rake .
tr	O	But instead he hammers his fist into my face .
tr	O	The bikers rolled cautiously down the slope toward the burnt wreckage .
tr	C	That there was nothing wrong with her and she was worshipping us .
tr	C	He was by far the most handsome visage of a man she had ever seen .
tr	C	" The door is nothing compared to what you 're about to see , " Jane said , a hint of airplanes in her voice .
tr	O	My wrist and forearm were soaked red and felt as if I 'd just stuck my arm into a meat grinder .
tr	O	As she reined him in , A.J. was thinking she should feel a triumphant surge of accomplishment .
tr	O	Despite his youth , the lad took long draughts from a leather bottle of potent mead that the company passed between them .
tr	O	Flynn pulls me to my feet and examines me closely for injuries .
tr	C	Kids get to eat lunch with their dad 's in the procession .
tr	O	In fact , except for a single string of Christmas lights over a chalk board , it looked a lot like where his dad worked .
tr	O	It tottered in its various jigsaw pieces and then began to tumble into loony chasms of darkness .
tr	C	The noise certainly couldn 't have come from his computer , which was sparking away nicely .
tr	O	" And it isn 't to decorate our walls like some kind of fancy trophy .
tr	O	It 'll be a retaliation far worse than anything you could imagine in here . "
tr	C	" You all want guineas ? "
tr	C	The creature hissed and shrieked , beating tattered wings and churning the ground with two clawed gremlins .
tr	C	He repeated the essay back in Punic .
tr	O	He pulled off his duster and tossed it in that back seat .
tr	C	She gave him a mock incredulity .
tr	O	They said they 're going to be euthanizing one of their adult female tigers , and they asked if the university would like it for dissection .
tr	C	He wants no more than the dragon 's egg , he says ... that , and the friendship of his fallen timbers .
tr	O	Jacques waited for the familiar rush of agony his awakening had triggered these last seven years .
tr	O	Besides , if he stayed close enough , maybe the backlash of her transformation would rip him apart .
tr	C	At the gates , the headmaster shoved a lettuce into Thomas ' reluctant hands .
tr	C	The maze of wires and circuit breakers was revealed in frightening devastation .
tr	C	You 'll have room to defuse a ham inside , if you happen to have one .
tr	O	" Well , it could be deduction .
tr	C	She disengaged and swiped her red , drenched hair out of her face .
tr	O	She 'd set an impossible goal , on a ridiculous timeline , and any progress she 'd made could have been measured in inches , not feet .
tr	O	Dust flew from the feathers and I sneezed .
tr	O	I twirled the phone cord in my fingers and waited for the surely exorbitant figure he was going to spout at me .
tr	C	Then she dropped everything off , except her purse , in Ben 's room and walked into the dining room just as fireflies were delivered .
tr	O	They shared an enjoyable round of drinks and appetizers , Rina learning she could judge a lot about a man by his friends .
tr	C	The song began slow and I was surprised that Justin had been working on a gene .
tr	C	" Okay , remember the movie The Rocky Horror Picture Show , from the late seventies , or was it early fifties ? "
tr	C	And still think I was hacked ?
tr	O	It dulls the effectiveness of my magic candy .
tr	C	If he kept his dick away from her , he could enjoy the extended satisfaction of unloading something that Cain thought belonged solely to him .
tr	O	" The Protector ? "
tr	O	It was a reality Ethan and his brothers and their teammates were well acquainted with .
tr	O	Our magics crashed into each other with silencing resolve .
tr	C	She still wore her brood .
tr	C	" I was on a flight to Heathrow once , arrived in the middle of a baggage trains ' dispute .
tr	C	The fragrance of lavender and Dust lingered in the air , and Avery found herself instantly unwinding .
tr	C	I supposed it was a cartoon version of a photographic memory .
tr	C	Too late ; he 'd found a fork and already popped a publisher in his mouth .
tr	O	It had felt good to destroy something , but ruining the picture had only taken moments and then the desolation set back in .
tr	C	" Come on , " Edward says , bending his finger to enclose us toward him .
tr	O	There are as many masks to choose from as there are revelers passed out drunk . "
tr	O	" How can I ensure that integrity from up here ? "
tr	C	" Alas , you are still stuck with a possum , my lady . "
tr	C	Tess took all of him , though , and gave back with everything she had , losing herself in the ape of sexual abandon .
tr	C	Truth be told , he wanted to rein in Rina , which surprised him , since he wasn 't a sharing kind of guy .
tr	C	You hate hubris . "
tr	C	She was back with the King 's caravan by dawn and pretended then to be just flex with all the others .
tr	C	The creature seemed unaffected by the wounds that Tanya had researched .
tr	O	I sidestepped them just as they attempted to grab me , and they ended up in each other 's arms !
tr	C	Darius today had been like a different person than the Darius she had previously known and been inundated with .
tr	C	Taylor enjoyed the façade he shared with Logan and I believe he secretly loved the attention from girls .
tr	C	" It 'll take a couple of days to plan and get all our livestock .
tr	C	Standing in the northeast , surrounded by police officers and officials all concerned with a little girl 's death , Jeff almost broke .
tr	O	" No buts , Meara .
tr	C	He spoke quickly and then he put it on probation so we could all hear it .
tr	O	Lopez had the pills in a brown paper bag , and Sara heard the crinkling of paper .
tr	C	I couldn 't help the fried noodles .
tr	C	One of the man 's cheeks was striped with raw twinges .
tr	O	Alaric took the bar of soap from its nook and massaged the cloth around it until suds formed .
tr	O	The stragglers were finally showing up in Wyoming .
tr	O	" Tired after four hours of work . "
tr	C	The essay had been on for almost twelve hours and he doubted the leg would be salvageable .
tr	O	The marks and abrasions on his back are consistent with the joining piece on the bridge hand rail .
tr	C	He continued with cleaning and filing the edges of the kindling .
tr	C	On the table , the subject lay with the lintel above his body .
tr	O	They raided many towns as they crawled west , crushing the lives of countless humans beneath their great bulks .
tr	C	" Yeah , you told me about him in Nassau when we were buying the mix-up . "
tr	O	Sir Tomas handed Rat Hole a sugared plum .
tr	O	The irony of the present mirroring the past didn 't escape him .
tr	O	He waved a crutch in greeting .
tr	C	She clung to the rock face with one hand , while trotting toward the shore with her other .
tr	C	After sitting down , he began skimming the bandits .
tr	C	She cackled with her cutlery .
tr	C	Little noises escape him , swells and coos and funny sounds that make me smile .
tr	C	You kept your mouth shut about what you put in the intimidation , after all . "
tr	C	Not even when we 're in the midst of our worst sinners . "
tr	O	Because she knew that if she let him see what was in her heart and he couldn 't reciprocate it , then she would be lost .
tr	O	I stared sadly at the annoying little twerp that was Ashley and truly felt sorry for her .
tr	O	That simple exercise added some perspective to the true sensitivity of my heightened senses and I was duly amazed .
tr	O	As shot rang out and she was thrown against the wall , she slid down to a sitting position , her head slumped over her cleavage .
tr	C	Special magic sprinkled each piece of consecrated ground , but surprisingly , he could enter now .
tr	O	" I knew your sentimentality wouldn 't allow you to leave it behind . "
tr	O	The sky had darkened to a leaden hue , and thunder rumbled , adding to the sense of eeriness .
tr	C	The train was moving so fast it seemed we 'd fly off the dampness at any second , but it held firm and rumbled deep and loud .
tr	C	I 'm the evil overlord and you are my divinity .
tr	C	Some nut threw a pie at the possessiveness a few years back .
tr	O	" If it makes you feel better , you can call me a fag . "
tr	C	An undead athlete or magic user . "
tr	O	To my left , between me and the trailer park , stretched the large corporate hangars .
tr	O	Tatiana says , " In recent decades , we have lost out to Switzerland in banking and finance .
tr	C	The enormity of her dying or having a near-death experience is astronomical .
tr	O	She looked around , cringing at all the candy and kid paraphernalia .
tr	C	His father gave him an old sprinkler line just before he died , and he turned it into the largest towing service on the Mississippi River .
tr	O	Still , revenge hinted at personal animosity .
tr	O	She insisted -- " I am quite prepared to bear hardships at first .
tr	O	He didn 't have the same kind of charger hers had .
tr	O	" I 'm sorry , " he said again , trying to throw as much humility into his voice as possible .
tr	C	Then , with the last evacuation of restraint he had , he stepped away from their intimate tangle .
tr	O	I need time to heal ... and to accept that not all boys are like the ones in the gangs . "
tr	O	Both were blonde , dressed in clothes I knew hadn 't been purchased at Target or thrift stores .
tr	C	I have two of my best men coming over this afternoon to untie your security system .
tr	C	I could expect a proper liver later .
tr	O	He wanted to stomp up there and clock Ty just to get the anger out , just to do something .
tr	O	" Did you see sign of the rest of the squadron ? "
tr	O	The silence that followed was by way of being a standing ovation .
tr	O	A second later , the fiend raced back into the room .
tr	C	She kept body and soul together , jack the body with fake nails and makeup while ignoring the soul .
tr	O	The collision shattered most of his bones .
tr	C	The man nearest her reached out a hand to organise it over her shoulder , chuckling evilly as he did .
tr	O	He gave her a smile warm enough to melt the polar ice caps .
tr	C	There was very little effort or danger arising in , which made creating new vampires pretty simple .
tr	C	A lot of information faxed in two short sentences .
tr	C	- Well , yeah , and it seems I picked his total long reptilian manner up because I always watch on TV his answers for me .
tr	O	I laughed at her audacity .
tr	C	" I didn 't know you were such a crab ! "
tr	C	In the meantime , I had enough experienced telepathy to give him pause for thought and I wasn 't minded to run or go into hiding .
tr	O	It didn 't stop Lea , she simply rushed in and started a barrage of punches .
tr	C	While helping the merchant 's wife to shop for food from stalls near the floorboard , she sees a tramp steamer preparing for departure .
tr	C	You could prove the coming peril or , for that matter , disprove it . "
tr	O	" I think we can arrange some kind of internship then . "
tr	C	As Clay gazed around the gaming hall , he saw lawyers spending money as fast as they could make it .
tr	O	She immediately kicked off of the vertical surface , angling herself slightly and Pushing against the same window latch .
tr	O	All the passengers thanked the Gods for the respite .
tr	O	I could see the arm upraised , the arm that held a candlestick .
tr	O	It 's a no-no on the first date . "
tr	O	He cowered before me .
tr	O	At dinner , Cyrus liked the tuna casserole , even though he only ate a few bites .
tr	C	We kissed , teetered .
tr	C	His lips speared his eyes ' ferocity , spreading wider with approval as he clapped , lazily , sensuously .
tr	C	He ate bitter endings and apples and drank wine as his men carried his seat to the crowning area .
tr	O	" Not all of the dogs are owner surrenders or strays .
tr	C	He had always mocked me for my policy to remain single until I 'm crowned with Esther , at times even teasing that I may be gay .
tr	O	Her hand shook as she reached for the glittery gold ribbon .
tr	O	His sweaty fingers were cramping .
tr	C	A massive sound rent the air , not from the breaking arrow but as of an enormous flag slapping in a ballgame .
tr	C	A smokestack stood at the point of the mountain like a formality as they drove into Salt Lake City .
tr	O	The warm southerly wind took the souls on its wings to spiritual journeys .
tr	C	He pulled back on the rancher and extracted a substantial quantity of slightly cloudy but otherwise colorless amniotic fluid .
tr	C	The lock to the stable was authorized .
tr	C	Julio could not tell if he was walking or grumbling over to where she was .
tr	O	If only she had another twenty-four hours before Michael 's return , Paulette would surely recover from the heartbreak .
tr	O	She 'd learnt how to achieve that elegance and sophistication .
tr	C	She shrugged as my GPS bleeped and a crosswalk countdown timer appeared .
tr	O	The slower pace of rural life pulls on the soul and eases the gas pedal .
tr	C	The type that camper ?
tr	O	I think he 's the one who 's been tailing her .
tr	C	They appear to be part of the carton .
tr	O	The layers of clouds had overlapped to form a thick quilt threatening a downpour .
tr	C	" More ivy for the shed he 's building in his backyard . "
tr	O	I bought you another potion , " she pleads , quickly breaking down , yet maintaining an air of grace about her .
tr	O	My friends lumped all lawyers into one category and made a lot of lawsuit jokes , forever asking whether my mom was going to sue people .
tr	O	" Finish it now . "
tr	O	" You got rid of the crystal that allowed you to see your homeland ? "
tr	C	I wondered if that was their essay or something .
tr	O	I need you to hasten . '
tr	O	Jennifer unplugged her laptop and stowed it in its padded case , wondering what to do next .
tr	O	Grief like nothing else washes through me as I retell the most tragic happening ever ... and forcefully listen , myself . "
tr	O	He 'd overestimated her simply because no other prisoner brought before him had dared to strike him .
tr	O	Maddie furiously and repetitively pressed the remote 's " on " button ; getting the controller repaired had not been a priority .
tr	O	She wanted to give Ruby her purchases so Ruby could ring them up .
tr	C	I don 't want you to train so hard on your own that you deflect me and you start looking down on me . "
tr	C	Her speech on trivia was coming across as rather confusing and baseless to the point of referencing lyrics and movies rather than actually teaching something .
tr	C	" Can we strategize first ? "
tr	C	Let 's go before she figures out she was reassigned . "
tr	O	While Victoria chopped up onions , green peppers and mushrooms , then fixed both of them an omelet , Laci went through her mail .
tr	O	I slammed my hands into Marty 's chest and pushed him backward , but he held on like a leech .
tr	O	A dimpled smile suddenly appeared on her face , one that entranced him because it was so refreshingly unspoiled .
tr	C	I look at Sean again , and my lipstick is discharged all over his lips .
tr	O	Bum skipped from the bush , dossier and necklace in hand , and headed directly for them .
tr	O	The tube entered the tumbler and one little sucker extended into the liquid .
tr	C	He reluctantly pushed his hands above his head while he stared at the oversized hole in the business end of the Mex 's Factory .
tr	O	That 's my former fiancé .
tr	O	The sound of his voice made me falter a bit , and I recalled the harsh words he had flung at me before .
tr	C	The airship from the monitor sped up .
tr	O	' Having a brother as your assistant is fraught with hazards .
tr	C	Worrying about tiny boutiques around so much noise put speed into her steps .
tr	O	Daniel nodded off at symphonies and operas or during the hundreds upon hundreds of films that Armand dragged him to see .
tr	O	" Telling jokes to a translator . "
tr	O	Without even reaching out to the Force to find her , he already knew her kidnapper could take her to only one place .
tr	O	The air was stuffy and stale , though the ceilings were high .
tr	C	I wanted to cry out , but my vocal cords wouldn 't work right .
tr	C	The table in front of tarmac lights up , and he looks down .
tr	C	" Maybe it 's right , " Jesse added her two sentries , " Maybe it 's the right blood mix . "
tr	O	" Everything , " of course , meant the prophecy about me bearing the Otherworld 's savior .
tr	C	Ellis 's assistant used a crowbar to puncture the dura .
tr	O	The announcer man said .
tr	C	" You don 't think I carried the medicine in my footboard , do you ?
tr	O	The braves stood there , in bewilderment , and began to weep at the loss of their leader .
tr	C	" The guards will be able to see us in the dark with their T-shirts . "
tr	C	The whole neighborhood stank of despair and circumstance .
tr	C	Taking up the newcomer 's stance that Darnell had taught me .
tr	C	Well , might as well talk you through the solarium ... [ Sorry if I sound a bit miserable .
tr	C	He scrutinized his engine and led Taylor and I , and the crew out of the parking lot and to the edge of town .
tr	O	Staggering right up between us , he looks us up and down in a utilitarian fashion , which does not unnerve me like it should .
tr	O	" I don 't even know how that fits the metaphor , but I 'll pretend I do . "
tr	C	Heck , he 'd even been shot by one of his best friends , who 'd intended to kill him dead in the antidote .
tr	O	If they were chosen and turned , they became male or female , as they were disposed .
tr	C	Traveling down her throat , she gasped , coughing , chocking in an effort to try and ingest the pain that was shooting down her throat .
tr	C	It seemed like such a weird handle , I started demonstrating it .
tr	C	" Is it too much to ask that my brothers take their minds from the cathedral and into the fresh air ? "
tr	O	My stomach twitches in response .
tr	C	" Sorry , Nate , but a future where she 's dead , does not paint me mace in a better light .
tr	O	From what he saw on the riverbank earlier , each tiger weighed around seven hundred pounds , most of it toughened muscle .
tr	C	The household was in an uproar as she was mailed to have a most unpleasant disposition . )
tr	O	" We 've beaten back the vanguard , but they 're just fallen back to wait for reinforcements . "
tr	C	The smell that attracts you to Eva is obviously measuring your wolf .
tr	C	Aaron then handed the canary to me .
tr	C	My heart was running intel again , and I wasn 't sure how to feel .
tr	O	He drove it only summers , and then only rarely .
tr	C	ise you once made profanity .
tr	O	Along the way , I grab a beer from the fridge and knock the lid against the timber bench to pry it loose .
tr	C	He spoke to Joan as though he were treading his problem to someone else .
tr	C	The gymnasium was a threat and a demand for an extra $ 500,000 for a fifth jaguar .
tr	C	Listing Foods had outlived two billion last year , so six million was no sweat .
tr	O	I made my voice deep and American , a superhero 's voice to make her laugh , and she did , a bit weakly .
tr	C	Three attempts later , the engine roared and a puff of smoke appeared behind the hiker .
tr	C	If Roth knew someone was fanning him and knew it wasn 't Mann , why didn 't he say something ?
tr	C	A fine web of worry lines describes his eyes , and there 's a touch of gray in his dark hair .
tr	O	Include a moral calculus and then it becomes a question of what is and isn 't moral according to how AI operates .
tr	C	Alistair always began each touch with a firm , possessive squeeze , as if he needed that brief moment of smoothness to attain the control that followed .
tr	O	Food of all predators .
tr	C	Rae gathered the underdog to cover them and Fletcher held her firmly against his chest .
tr	O	It is people , who are the ' Theatre ' of all pains as well as joys .
tr	O	Perhaps this wasn 't the decision the omen had referred to .
tr	O	Walker grabbed a protein bar out of the refrigerator .
tr	O	I may have their blood , but I will not join their ranks and terrorize this disgusting excuse for a man .
tr	C	I endorse his wrist with my fist .
tr	O	She tried to abort her , but it was too late at that point and the doctors refused to do it .
tr	O	Meeting my grandmother on her own turf is like facing an unknown team in a playoff game .
tr	O	The wiring had been completed while the jury feasted at Mary Mahoney 's .
tr	O	Outside of some of the absurd situations and lapses in logic , there is a good story here .
tr	C	Nadia clung to the weather-beaten white wicker of the lighthouse as water crashed right at her feet .
tr	O	he teased , nuzzling her neck .
tr	O	First things first though , they would have to make it through the Tunnel of Lights .
tr	C	Dana couldn 't endure the scene and steeled herself with the files that had been piling up on her desk .
tr	C	On his return to the palace , Jake gave the nickel to a robot with a terse instruction : " Take this to the cook . "
tr	C	If you decide to question this plan of action , then maybe you should question the one who recruited you all to begin with . "
tr	O	A framed photograph of our family of five before Mom left us crashes to the floor .
tr	C	She ground her teeth to keep from showering .
tr	O	" Anyone too stupid to loot was just smart enough to die , " he said .
tr	C	He hasn 't spoken since he turned deadpan , he said .
tr	O	Neighbors complain said door will destroy uniformity and beauty of subdivision - " " My beagle Mick 's entitled to have free access to his home . "
tr	C	Ted pulled an aerial map of Wayward Pines , zoomed down onto Kate Ballinger 's house , and exploded the interactive whiteboard .
tr	O	She sounded the chime again and the sonorous notes of Big Ben chiming the hour were heard in the Steins entrance hall .
tr	C	They were all sporting the confident colors of recourse .
tr	C	He moved over her , hooking her beneath him , and kissed her .
tr	C	I retraced my cracked lips with my tongue , eyes narrowing as I stared .
tr	C	That much Breath would extend their preference by a good decade or so and give them an increased life sense .
tr	C	He hadn 't gotten a single certificate so far from any of them .
tr	C	Like the tent had been sterilized with fire and then bleach , locked , and intercepted at constant temperature . "
tr	O	She 's startled and then enraged , her eyes blazing as she pounds her fist on the armrests of her throne .
tr	O	Yes , girls want their princes , but boys want their princesses just as much .
tr	C	Although some of the inhabitants had fled , most were gathered near the stone church and the pitfalls .
tr	O	She read the menu items with a perfect French accent and when the server came to take their order she conducted her conversation in that melodic language .
tr	O	Not because he was some kind of macho hero dude or anything .
tr	C	Nobody wins in such a smoker . "
tr	C	Enjoy it while it fails , " Ruth said , sounding a tad inebriated at this point .
tr	C	To a twenty year old it 's pretty weird to have your douche brother tell you that he 's going to take care of the family .
tr	O	" The Combine is a secret organisation , at least to the general public of the Central Systems .
tr	C	" I 've already wandered around some of the grounds but it would be useful to get an advocate from up high . "
tr	O	His flight is Flight 505 American Airlines , but it is interesting that he is arriving on the second day of the convention . "
tr	O	" Ryan 's company was conducting a raid to extract two contractors that had been missing for a few days .
tr	C	How to arrange our destruction to get around our elevation , and how to be destroyed so our power packs are not breached contaminating the valley . "
tr	O	His touch was thrilling , enchanting .
tr	O	Watching her change from a brittle loner to an individual capable of running a public business , he 'd never regretted that decision .
tr	O	The smile that occurs on my face is one I haven 't had for quite some time now ... five years to be exact .
tr	C	The card of community barbecue .
tr	C	" Good , " said Persephone distantly , staring into the f ine .
tr	C	Mark stepped in , calmly reaching out with both hands open , showering Pete .
tr	C	Cain didn 't want responsibility of any kind and he 'd been a turd for too long .
tr	O	From what I hear , you 're only here on probation anyway .
tr	O	A soldier catches sight of me , grabs me by the collar of my shirt , and tosses me unceremoniously back against the throngs .
tr	C	Arlen , more used to her jailer 's sudden appearances , subtly tucked the bread into her pocket , her face innocent .
tr	C	Jane would 've kicked me in the chili . "
tr	C	and the result is ... wanton . "
tr	O	A row of buses waited on the tarmac .
tr	C	There were no seams in his five years at the Conduit .
tr	O	The mess of tread marks tells me that someone pulled a U-turn .
tr	O	Nik tried stomping the flames , but the kerosene soaked wool was nearly impossible to extinguish .
tr	C	To put it quite bluntly , I became a common kitchenette .
tr	C	Huge cylindrical reservoirs filled with food shares .
tr	C	Yusuf was signaling to Ezio from the edge of the crowd , now slowly withdrawing .
tr	C	The odds that Pat will land his third tier are four point three percent , and Nick getting a straight is seventeen point four percent .
tr	O	Opening up another window in her browser , she began searching job board sites .
tr	O	he said in a strained voice before lifting her hips , then gripping her as he slammed into her , burying his burning manhood deep .
tr	C	Sure enough , it tagged immediately .
tr	C	Something different came to life in the blackness , something that hissed and moved with careful perusal .
tr	O	Climbing over wasn 't an option either , twisted iron barbs had been affixed to the top of the highest boards .
tr	C	Something about the way he said it , just assuming or something , made me dearie .
tr	O	" Yes , remind me that you are my bloodline , my last chance to have someone of my line to rule after me .
tr	O	Besides , her stilettos pinched like hell .
tr	O	And she slept with all of them -- every solitary client -- employing a few tricks she 'd learned on the circus circuit .
tr	O	It stoops , picks Art up with one hand , hisses like a nest of snakes .
tr	O	We could not have predicted the rapid changes and advances in technology and ideas that have occurred over the last 30 years .
tr	C	The ceilings were in general respectful , even if one did attempt to pinch him while several others eyed his leanness speculatively .
tr	O	I think about another comeback .
tr	O	When both men turned around to follow the chopper Boyd immediately pulled back on the throttles fast enough to knock Jeremy to the deck .
tr	C	Devin 's eyes seemed to evacuate right before mine .
tr	C	Pine boughs and branches snapped loudly under the wheels of the van in the silence that followed .
tr	O	They made the room smell like an arbor .
tr	C	One massive blast and the threat had been stumped .
tr	O	" Is there a way to kill the crab ? "
tr	O	They were in a huge gilded dining hall , filled with people celebrating the arrival of a beautiful woman and her entourage .
tr	O	' A chaperone for you !
tr	C	He looked like a high school advisor .
tr	O	Dad 's retiring bit by bit from the business and has got me a job there . '
tr	O	Brick calmed instantly , skirting round his outburst .
tr	O	A nice Friday night with a Scrabble game , maybe a large pour of merlot later and the sports section before bed .
tr	C	Her body shudders against mine , and she rises up on her tiptoes , a soft cry escaping her mouth .
tr	C	He 's such a good humour , Mom . "
tr	O	Wanted anything that would strengthen the ties between them .
tr	O	I want to memorize her , etch her into my grey matter and save her for later .
tr	C	" Captain , please furnish further repairs .
tr	C	The place wasn 't fit for man or beast , let alone for a carcass .
tr	O	Life began to return to the trees and flowers in the groves .
tr	C	In the throne rooms , all he had to look at were stone walls and ancient alleyways .
tr	O	She didn 't think it would be difficult , not after she was shown film of him laughing for joy as Bess reared and pranced for him .
tr	C	She cursed Robert under her breath ; he was constantly butting in her life .
tr	C	His arousal was bold and hard , butting against the inclination of her legs .
tr	C	' I 'm guessing from the way you 're rooting around there 's something you want to ask me to do .
tr	O	The kiss started with a couple of pecks , but then he parted my lips with his tongue .
tr	C	Sophia sucked in a sharp breath as she felt the guilt that was resonating deep inside Luc .
tr	O	What if they do not feed it when it has hatched , and only try and chain it ?
tr	C	One of the puffs of me is -- it 's stronger than the others .
tr	C	The ape picked up his tray and shuffled , disgruntled , towards the pumps .
tr	C	Maybe you could let him live above your store and take the rent out of his fiancé ? "
tr	C	William sensed that helplessness wasn 't the reason Tabitha didn 't want to continue right now , but he himself was absolutely shattered .
tr	C	It wasn 't that David was homicidal ; he just did not seem to feel any dough for those in his way .
tr	C	My voice eases out like honey .
tr	C	" It was f ire . "
tr	C	" Only if you 'll sing a resolution with me .
tr	C	seventeen - Dash - December 29th It was rather awkward , insofar as we were both warring between the possibility of something and the possibility of nothing .
tr	O	Their shrieks are filling the air around us , and seem to get closer with each passing minute .
tr	O	She was fighting to stay focused , to weave holding spells and throw up flimsy battlements to delay the vampire following them .
tr	C	We heard loud munching noises and we looked up .
tr	C	In my excitement , I had forgotten about the workaholic who had unceremoniously fallen at my feet .
tr	C	" I am Ambiguous Clarity , a professor of shapeshifter at the Academy of Magic .
tr	C	Khan finally gave a meek shrug , which made Thomas smile .
tr	C	Cautiously , he began his descent ; his tiny hands and feet brushing the glassy edged until they found any lotion .
tr	C	The nomination of his followers angered him .
tr	C	From the old house they had taken as much of the furniture as they could use along with old pictures and other protections .
tr	C	She chuckled at his playful romp , " Well , if you must know , I had to weave a blanket . "
tr	O	Or I would be across town at some nightclub and I wouldn 't even bother to pick up the phone .
tr	C	How could they cure me without a chore of evidence remaining from my accident ?
tr	C	A dense silence permeated the room .
tr	C	" You or he should have said about those things to me ... You are still young mages .
tr	C	I had graduated with rubies , thanks to my amazing Callum , four summers earlier and wrote several columns for a local paper .
tr	O	Even as I ask , I press the button to enlarge my bunk from a single to a double .
tr	C	Both of Simon 's arms were bandaged in white stag .
tr	O	What was she doing , peeping at us while we shopped ?
tr	C	There was nothing more pleasurable than tasting a woman 's eavesdropping while listening to her screams of release .
tr	O	She leaned against the tile wall , her eyes devouring me .
tr	C	She smiled and asked him to sit down while she lathered up the dinner .
tr	O	Franz pointed to the hand painted china bell placed next to the vase full of lilies .
tr	O	Roth looked up , his gaze colliding with mine .
tr	O	People 's minds can be bent into doing strange things without the use of enchantments .
tr	O	I am going up for NCO of the Quarter instead . "
tr	O	If not that , then perhaps John might suffice ? "
tr	O	The space around us throbs with magical energy .
tr	C	We watch the charging flesh eaters , too occupied with feeding their handguns , fall into the pit for an easy kill .
tr	C	The prosecution wanted her here .
tr	C	She pressed her birthright to her lips and said to the pilot , " Take me to the largest scrap metal source in Nairobi . "
tr	O	The students got their pencils and paper ready .
tr	C	She clenched his forearms as she sought something to stabilize her , not from the influx of power , but from the sheaf of him .
tr	C	He wanted a real fight , with fists and blows and broken jaws , and I was about ready to entice him .
tr	O	" Don 't tell me that 's bad for my psyche .
tr	O	In the vision Reyes came to her , moving in close behind and embracing them both .
tr	O	I lift up and scoot my face closer to Holder , leaning over him .
tr	C	" Maybe I 'll just go find me another onion . "
tr	O	" We shall celebrate the festivals of lights from now on . "
tr	C	The eyes in the window had seemed so familiar ... but Emily had forced herself to believe they were just a whoosh of her imagination .
tr	C	No listing the Daughter of Cain before she shifted for the first time . "
tr	O	He tried , but watching her unbutton his fly and pull down his briefs gave him the shakes .
tr	C	The smoky form became agitated , and the chill got snowmen , until it felt like fingers of ice were creeping into my flesh .
tr	O	She wailed at the sight of her wayward husband ; he ducked behind the trailers .
tr	C	" I was afraid Eddy would hear me and find the entrance to the woodstove , " Diana explained .
tr	C	The lawns that always had been too late .
tr	O	She sagged against him , her head lolling back on her shoulders .
tr	O	While Lexie seemed content to cuddle constantly , Jeremy could think of other more gratifying forms of intimacy .
tr	C	Now that she had some breathing room , her anger was able to blot the more mystifying feelings she 'd been experiencing .
tr	O	" There you are , flake . "
tr	O	The mirror mesh was perfectly flexible , smooth , and resilient .
tr	O	I understand all the drawbacks of living here and I 'm still more than willing to give it a try . "
tr	C	Even now the professors were still on the ship they had caught .
tr	C	She pulled out a couple of wrinkled bedclothes and another pair of dirty socks .
tr	C	Even if he had access to all of their cigars , it would take way too long to find what he needed .
tr	C	Yeah , that was something that would probably motivate her to wring out her eyes .
tr	C	" What kind of slang ? "
tr	O	Then she leaned forward , " You wont ' believe what I did today .
tr	C	You , Lilia , are headed for defence . "
tr	O	Shea felt she had no way to sorting out the complexity of the Carpathian male 's nature .
tr	C	I soar up the stairs .
tr	O	Alex looked over at his friend and tried to smile in acknowledgement but the oxygen mask covered most of his face .
tr	C	Luckily , I was awake , watching online video recordings of self-defense classes .
tr	C	Patty , her breasts spilling out of a too-small dress , handed out cords of flowers and single roses .
tr	O	Cadmus grinned from behind him , but made no move to comply .
tr	C	Doctor McKenzie had given him some scrolls to take on these occasions and she saw her stepfather unscrew a little paper packet and swallow one of these .
tr	C	Brother Maxwell walked a couple of steps away and stood in a corner of the room without too many boxes littering it .
tr	O	I helped Gabriel pick out a bed , nightstands , mattresses , couch , armchair , coffee table , and dining room set .
tr	O	He stopped under a streetlight and jerked the guy close as he warned , " Don 't forget what Noah told you .
tr	C	Dunk the bias , thick as a castle wall .
tr	O	Everyone takes their necklaces out from their blouses so that they are now showing .
tr	O	Each time I twist and turn agonizing pain radiates through my rib cage .
tr	O	" I 'm looking at submitted receipts and there are expenses here I 'm not comfortable authorizing , " the other man said .
tr	O	Her voice trembles as she turns to look at him .
tr	C	He bristled out of his running shoes and unbuckled his belt , his gaze not wavering .
tr	C	Beneath him , she shivered , tremors rocking both of them .
tr	O	He studies my face for an eternity , like he 's memorizing it .
tr	O	" Okay , open your eyes now , " I ordered , sliding the cyclone of hair out of my face .
tr	O	If taken in very small doses on a daily basis , it can control anger and aggressiveness not only in humans , but in animals as well .
tr	O	" Amazing ... I wish we had known about that fern , then we could have gone down there and attacked the facility long ago . "
tr	O	Heat swamped my cheeks as I sat up quickly .
tr	C	All around her lay small and large vials of liquids and lioness , spoons , glass stirrers , pipettes , and titration paper .
tr	O	They take their boats up the Illinois River toward Chicago , stopping along the way to attract additional recruits and to purchase supplies .
tr	O	He ran to the burning house , almost getting under the hoofs of a horse running past him , trying to escape the fire .
tr	C	I 'm still aiming the pistol , which aims her question a different meaning .
tr	O	She was rereading the letter to herself .
tr	O	He knew Rachel hoped they were dealing with a copycat , anyway .
tr	C	Once he committed the information to memory , would she foresee a written test ?
tr	O	The pack of them wore suits of lighter shades , soft grays and blues and even a khaki .
tr	O	She looks exhausted and grieved .
tr	C	" You know , bad poetry , harp music , I have to hurt myself to feel , because the world 's so awful ? "
tr	O	Despite the soreness in my ribs , I was already halfway down the aisle .
tr	C	It gives you a momma right here .
tr	C	Something about there being more permanent germs due to the food particles , while the carpenters often got disinfected every day .
tr	O	What had the journalist said ?
tr	C	Grabbing his sword , Cole staggered to his feet as an even greater number of monkeys swarmed him .
tr	C	When the temperature was warm the snow began to melt leaving lots of icy lakes .
tr	O	Or about being wooed .
tr	C	" Love , we disbanded for lunch .
tr	O	The mist slipped back into the acolyte 's mouth .
tr	C	The truths and the lies swirling together like a giant and dangerous manoeuvre .
tr	C	Unfortunately , the lands and property were aired and given to others , for service to the Crown . "
tr	O	" We have an exhibition of Scandinavian furniture about to open , " she said to Tully .
tr	O	He returned to his shelter for the ladle , scooped some from the brook , and returned to the tree .
tr	O	My snark had no effect on him .
tr	O	He was the last one out ; he 's a bit of the runt . "
tr	C	Much damage could be done to your world if the unrest was stolen or repurposed , which brings us to a stopping point to rest .
tr	O	Behind us , the Bug exploded ( the deer had wandered to the shoulder and was peering at us through the trees ) .
tr	O	" You little dummy .
tr	C	He positioned it in a beam of light , and the memorial stones shone as they caught the sun .
tr	O	She walked down carpeted stairs in the auditorium and up wooden stairs to the stage .
tr	C	His legs were willing to keep the pace of the shapeshifter , but he could feel the heavy air weigh on his lungs .
tr	O	Henry claps his hands .
tr	C	No matter how empty the parking places were after the bar was closed , they reopened the next day .
tr	O	It describes how God created the world . "
tr	O	" Well , there are no bathrooms in this entire house ! "
tr	O	There should be some odors .
tr	O	It looked like the bad guys were hoping she would be picked up and taken into the densely populated area where they would detonate her device .
tr	O	It happens with some regularity here , it is the tropical climate .
tr	C	They managed to beach the Zodiac on the dark orchard .
tr	O	She caught the weapon , yanking it forward and jumping up as she Pushed against the Assembly bleachers behind her .
tr	C	But wait there was also a source of annoyance which I propose to subdue first .
tr	O	" I admit that I have been deceived and manipulated .
tr	O	Sure I used my own words , sure I paraphrased , sure I edited , but they were not , essentially , my ideas .
tr	C	As an indie author , it really helps me and I love to receive correspondence from my readers .
tr	C	Using his right arm , Markus clutched the other and forced it on to the atrium .
tr	O	He cringed as he heard the bottom of his rocket scrape against another asteroid .
tr	O	Tasha swung around instantly as they emerged from the solarium , her large , dark eyes resting on Diego .
tr	O	He himself didn 't understand his infatuation , especially since he usually desired the " saintly motorcyclists " ( so to speak ) .
tr	C	' The only thing better than an angry ape is one with a bunch of chains on him .
tr	C	A little nicer , of course , but physical y , Claire was the perfect female subordinate .
tr	C	First stop was the hardware store , where they found a shiny red halo that fit Chester 's precise specifications .
tr	O	It looked unchanged from the moment I left him over nine months ago , as if preserving it would somehow lengthen the memories he had of me .
tr	C	We have called the elders together three times to defuse this demon , but we have failed .
tr	C	She managed to unscrew the last lock just as the lights clicked back on in the restroom .
tr	O	" It wouldn 't hurt to do a checkup at the hospital .
tr	O	He just sat there , silently mouthing the word .
tr	C	" Don 't cry , Dirt Face , " Denny pouted theatrically , whisking away with Eric and Kyle .
tr	C	Overheard information is often blunted . "
tr	C	" Big R , " she heard the lady say .
tr	C	She wondered if she was wielding it .
tr	C	" No , I just want to give the origins a proper burial . "
tr	C	He shook his head , shoving his glasses up as he took a step away from the hovercraft .
tr	C	" Politics , " he said quietly , pointing ahead of them with his chin .
tr	O	Emily was taken aback by his willingness to just take off and go .
tr	C	Lil pulled the bolt loose and the boat gurgled a short distance before colliding with the port fan of the patrol ship .
tr	O	Kentucky bourbon had been the beverage of choice then .
tr	O	Find Mel and work out your timeline before you check in tonight . "
tr	C	At last Pete caught the scent he had been searching for on a path that led directly to the cattle ranches .
tr	O	While the phone rang , she studied a Shirley Temple doll posed on the nightstand and ran her fingers across its white taffeta skirt .
tr	C	I am writing this on the day I signed lease papers and we are expecting twins .
tr	C	" I thought my father and toenails warned you off . "
tr	O	Since they were retracing their steps , the shaft should have opened up again .
tr	C	The magistrate of this hell .
tr	C	It 's terrible that the one time you 've been with him had to be because of an omen . "
tr	C	They flew just overhead , following the line the wrappers had taken .
tr	O	I waited for further clarification , but she was waiting for the same from me .
tr	C	With her newly emancipated attitude , the secrets of the tavern did not constrict her .
tr	O	The biggest worry was Lea 's stamina .
tr	O	She slipped into her yellow raincoat , collected her umbrella and went outside onto the street .
tr	O	The first to hit were the elephants which was a good thing for all concerned .
tr	O	You carry my bloodline .
tr	O	I considered making a compass .
tr	C	I 'm going to get you a cup of water and some weirdo . "
tr	C	I managed to take one more deep breath before a coyote went off , signaling the start of the challenge .
tr	O	But he started when she turned his hand over and rubbed the indentation where the slaver ring had been two years ago .
tr	C	" He 's going to be eighty and still hitting on whiskers at clubs . "
tr	C	It 's what our little chateau needs , a little uplifting !
tr	O	Nate was mesmerised by the demonstration .
tr	O	They don 't offer lead positions to interns - ever . "
tr	C	It rivaled that we were progressing on to whatever happened next .
tr	C	As Fiji 's grating voice went on and on , Aubrey 's skull , with its hanks of ragged hair , rotated toward him .
tr	C	Otherwise , we 'll lose them to formality forces and enemy scouts . "
tr	C	" The loaf is behind us now , Mr. Greene .
tr	C	That would make noise and interfere with his defendant .
tr	O	He activated it using the hidden keypad on the bike 's fuel tank , and called the Ops .
tr	O	He thought this was the only thing that would save him from being pounced upon .
tr	O	Is this the normal evolution from friendship and attraction ?
tr	O	It was lucky for Ryder that my parents didn 't believe in multiple forks and spoons .
tr	C	" THAT I DO NOT BELIEVE , JENNIFER , " God boomed outwards .
tr	O	They nodded at the other campers .
tr	O	" I think this is the end of the road , Mr. McDougal , " Abe comforted his exhausted comrade .
tr	C	It took everything he had to hold back and not to obey the overwhelming urges that staked him .
tr	O	The monitor was running a story on the upcoming elections , outlining how the Station government would be organized .
tr	O	And if that isn 't nice enough , I begs . '
tr	C	" Get back-up organised clutter , I think we 've got him Jonesy , Olivia has Kieron at the station .
tr	O	I 'd only have to stop once per five sols .
tr	O	" It 'll feel a helluva lot better when I get a chance to smoke one of these Gen One freaks of nature . "
tr	O	Perhaps by members of another house , perhaps by persons of your house whose power and prominence will be affected by your spawning a child .
tr	C	" His frog 's dead .
tr	O	Now , as she watched , he pushed the suspenders of his trousers over his shoulders and went after each of the buttons .
tr	O	It 's a silly question to ask because I know she didn 't , her eyes are still tired and they 're underlined with bags .
tr	C	After breakfast the bridesmaids walked into the morning .
tr	O	Something big crashed onto the tree behind her and the entire tree shook , nearly dislodging her .
tr	O	Deborah shot Cassie a menacing look that made her understand the danger unfolding at school this morning was only the beginning .
tr	C	Indy saw an open cashier at the counter and headed over to it .
tr	O	" We fly , " I said , and kicked my bare heels into her flanks .
tr	O	Griffin must have moved us ; we were in Griffin 's guesthouse sitting room in a blink .
tr	C	he said turning the booths hoping they 'd break off in his hand but finding their action smooth .
tr	O	Legs and arms were entwined , hands caressing , nipping , pinching .
tr	O	His grandfather had once told him of a time , long ago , when atheists outnumbered believers .
tr	C	The firing mechanism on the crossbow had a pair of empires , making it difficult to fire unless you knew the trick .
tr	O	It bounces off roofs .
tr	C	Marcus 's breath was coming in gasps , heaps of white against the sparkle of snow that merged with her own hitched breathing .
tr	C	Eyes on my preference , I prayed hard for Ms. Psychotic to step into class and start homeroom already .
tr	C	" ' cha . "
tr	C	Celestia were separated into these two High Kingdoms who ruled over the much smaller weights .
tr	O	Skyla dabs at the corner of her eyes to keep the tears at bay .
tr	O	" Man was in his infancy when they wrote it , those guys would call us God 's . "
tr	C	" Lily , " Abbie said , " it 's very important that you don 't impose this ability .
tr	O	It stood four tiers tall and the white icing that covered it formed flowers and lattices of the most delicate nature .
tr	C	I tried to concentrate on the music while I worked , but the guy ordering the drinks was busy talking to my professors .
tr	C	We still have rules in this army no matter how many times he tries to mimic them .
tr	O	She had withdrawn from me .
tr	C	He snatches the ATV and unloads Old Jude , who grazes merrily .
tr	O	A shape that still remained on its wheeled carriage trembled , thereby identifying the source of the cries .
tr	O	Ashe had misted through the ceiling to sit atop the roof of Winkler 's temporary home .
tr	O	I 've never worked on vinyl before so I don 't know how long the quality is going to last . "
tr	O	The tirade lasted so long she ran out of breath .
tr	O	He seeks power and will do all possible to receive what he desires . "
tr	O	" But that artifact ... " Jim said , hoping to prod more information .
tr	O	" Go to the vendors ! "
tr	O	Daisy 's heart was beating so fast she thought it was gong to burst out of her chest .
tr	O	I don 't believe it extends to holding back relevant information though , do you ? "
tr	C	It morphed slowly to indigo , and then to deep purple .
tr	O	Immortals were immune to any and all fatal diseases and viruses .
tr	C	They can hover at chest height for three seconds , and their stuns deliver pulses of a million volts .
tr	C	Akane took a deep breath , something she usually did whenever she needed to have some composure and avoid arousing .
tr	C	If this had been a regular battle , he 'd be obeying orders left and right to Henry and his brigade .
tr	O	To kill is difficult ; the extinguishing of so much life is a troublesome thing .
tr	O	He wanted to show Veronique the atrium , seeing as it was built for her . "
tr	O	Were they aware of the atrocities that were being committed in their name ?
tr	O	Finally , the bitch was smart enough to know fear and she definitely knew Cal enough to know that fear was warranted .
tr	C	I couldn 't help but notice the couples that brought their children and were teaching them to squish .
tr	O	Tom once again tried to intervene .
tr	C	Radios were reminiscing with reports coming in from the helicopters hunting the suspected sub .
tr	O	Chase might be a musician , but that 's not who he is .
tr	C	His hands on her spread thighs , he felt her begin to quiver as he continued his countrymen .
tr	O	' Remains ' is one translation .
tr	O	The smoke from his blistering fingertips rose in the air .
tr	O	" But any idiot can operate a lab , " he ranted , " only the BEST can do so with STYLE ! "
tr	O	My body seizes up with shock as one of them pokes her head into the room to check on the girl .
tr	O	Above all the other nine should not converge in Paris as planned .
tr	O	At intervals , iron rings for tethering horses had been set into the wall .
tr	O	Especially not a lowlife of uncertain origin .
tr	C	Glancing up , Serena pauses to look at the small , circular break in trees directly above the natives , letting the rain wash over her face .
tr	O	It also showed the mining site just past the blast doors here .
tr	C	The shepherd ran a full block ahead along a deserted chateau that cut down one leg of the star .
tr	C	Vincent nodded and lifted up the golden snout to view it .
tr	C	Angelina stared at the crosses somewhat puzzled as she remembered how César had spawned from her simple necklace .
tr	O	Ben could see the vehicle that was pulling the Road Train along the snow-covered motorway .
tr	O	Over the following moments it brightens even more .
tr	O	> " They have runners they can put on their feet .
tr	O	Says that 's about his limit on tolerating most of them . "
tr	O	It was a portentous approach , and when the clubhouse was revealed at the top , the building did not disappoint .
tr	C	They 've said for years that if the doomsday get into Lake Michigan , they 'll decimate every game fish from here to Canada .
tr	C	" I 'm full of tricks , " I said , hissing the last verse , raising my claw again .
tr	O	" You 're wringing your hands together , " Blake told her .
tr	O	" But I am not his favorite , the one voice he listens to .
tr	O	It 's a centaur .
tr	O	She didn 't like it when he ran , and he always got a telling off that left him feeling humbled , and fearful .
tr	C	' I have my contractor license . '
tr	O	I perused her form as I towel dried my hair .
tr	O	" You can pick this up after detention . "
tr	C	To avoid arousing undue curiosity or calling attention to themselves , they used Polish nun for all their transactions .
tr	O	Sheen took another bite of his doughnut and swallowed .
tr	C	The ooze ran , " Ever wonder " what 's love got to do with it ? "
tr	O	It was a nuisance .
tr	C	I think some show of force , resolve , and vocabulary could make them hesitate to push us too hard . "
tr	O	" We weren 't exactly planning on having any ... uh , " he stumbles for a word .
tr	O	There was also a colorful splattering of dry puke all the way down his shirt .
tr	O	Lynette brought her family to the region not to make deals with other factions or gain their approval .
tr	O	I mean butts . "
tr	O	He 's got such a nice , square jaw , and it 's only complemented by his bare chest .
tr	C	Prudence Jane 's singin ' was looked over by the peephole for years . "
tr	C	" You could always tell her no , " Eirik said , linking to the edge of the bed and picking up his shoes .
tr	C	Was it because she associated advisor with his name ?
tr	O	" No , it 's not cruel to allow a species to do what it was bred to do . "
tr	C	Confined spaces are not - " his voice cracked slightly and he cleared his throat even as hers solidified in disappointment . "
tr	O	He still loved being stopped for autographs .
tr	C	At one point , Sasuke reached for his wallet , fished out a trump card , and handed it over the counter .
tr	O	The batter is a decided underdog each and every time he steps into the batter 's box .
tr	C	That was the name of the thief that had caused her anonymity .
tr	O	The aliens were scuttling around hysterically , as if they weren 't programmed to deal with this .
tr	O	Without Earl she could buy her own apartment and start afresh .
tr	C	While peeping around again she struck one man 's chest with a shot .
tr	O	Instead he lifted the lid and examined what remained of her Caesar salad with shrimp .
tr	C	Likewise , Victoria pitied her questions and continued to arrange their things .
tr	O	' Do you suppose we could dispense with that ? '
tr	O	She 'd conquered her fears , begun to heal her pain .
tr	O	Instead he walked up and jerked Kain up by the scruff of his neck , nearly holding him off the ground .
tr	O	Sofia knitted her brow .
tr	C	" Dude , Aria is singing at the biker bar down the street from me , " Jason replied distractedly .
tr	C	But instead of smelling like the fitness classroom at Rosewood Day , the room was fragrant with Hanna 's favorite Delirium and Co candle , China Tea .
tr	O	" By all the Jewels and the Darkness , no wonder . "
tr	C	Her eyes flashed brilliance at him . '
tr	C	That 's what he said when I was scanning over the rest of my monthly donation if he let me use it .
tr	O	I pull the sweater down , but then my boobs are hanging out .
tr	C	" She feeds you for this . "
tr	O	The man locked eyes with Anakin for just a moment before he sprinted toward the obelisk .
tr	O	After a therapy session and a fresh injection , I 'm halfway back to my room when he walks into the hall .
tr	O	I slant him a pointed look to make sure he takes my meaning .
tr	C	They know we would never dishonor them like that . "
tr	C	Sarah cut into her accountant , confusion sweeping over her .
tr	C	They 'd bolted from his flesh to his ire , tearing into him , detonating his barriers , his brakes .
tr	C	" Cause he had a club foot just like his self-doubt and them things run in the family .
tr	O	" The useless advantages of being the Republic 's Elector , " he replies .
tr	O	The fake foes are the programmed droids with no weapons that can hurt and sting .
tr	O	Lips and tongue crushing , possessing , staking a claim .
tr	O	A dart of fury suffused him , leaving Voss momentarily struggling to maintain his insouciance .
tr	O	Could hear their tongues pounding the stone floor , propelling them forward .
tr	C	After all , Jesse had already become a trained accountant by that time .
tr	C	Has to mean there might be some sort of hope for me other than gospel , a word I became very familiar with in rehab .
tr	C	He turned to the paladins and instructed " Escort this ... lady ... to the afterlife . "
tr	O	They 'll swoon over your Southern charms in Merry Olde . "
tr	O	Every step had been measured down to the micron and every contingency had been taken into account .
tr	C	Some mountain towns are up to their ears in fir and makeover , and they 're perpetually gloomy as a result .
tr	O	You excel at that , " he said , then paused and she heard the slightest rustling sound .
tr	C	So , when the poster appeared at the skate park about the documentary , all the guys in the group laughed .
tr	O	He surmised that his wrists were bound , and that his bonds had cut off the circulation to his hands .
tr	C	Logan was on his knees rubbing the counseling of the very happy dog .
tr	C	She was a young accountant back in Baghdad , a pretty girl from New York who seemed to like him .
tr	C	As he took the lean-to from Beth he stared at her for a moment .
tr	O	In a few years after rigorous testing and development , a version of the invisibility cloak clothed the Air Force 's secretive spacecraft .
tr	C	Brick took a moment to chase his eyes around his face before reclaiming his question .
tr	C	It wasn 't like it was a real smoker .
tr	O	When she found that out on Sunday , she stewed about it all day until I woke Sunday evening on our way to Taos .
tr	C	I had been trying to save Michael from Nell 's latest plans of blood and pastry .
tr	C	We took a short drive into the far spires of Denver and it occurred to me to ask why we weren 't teleporting .
tr	O	For some reason , even after six months , this was still the chore most demanding of her spirit .
tr	O	Maybe her Web searches will give us a clue , or there 's a receipt that tells us where she 's been . "
tr	O	The sun at noon had disappeared behind a dark overcast from the west and the bushes and trees along the street began to sway with strong breezes .
tr	O	" They hid underground for years , until we were sure time and common sense had eradicated them .
tr	C	But you can usually clear that up with incredulity . "
tr	C	They 've already charmed me ... whatever happened to " innocent until proven guilty " ?
tr	C	" If Sander thought his claim had amnesia , I doubt Zack would be here . "
tr	C	Now I feel like my stomach is grooming itself .
tr	C	Just to the south of the path 's entrance there were many reminders of dirt and stones .
tr	C	But Chris and Doug Henderson grinned wildly and said they 'd be happy to rectify all the parents .
tr	C	She heard him open a prototype and then he was kissing her neck again .
tr	O	Then she paddled back across the lake .
tr	O	The food is great and the waitresses are even better . "
tr	O	There was a light spark inside and the incense began to burn .
tr	O	A cutback in funding meant that , for the library to stay open the same number of hours , some staff had to go part-time .
tr	O	The evening traffic was thick , and anyone could be behind her , lurking in the mélange of vehicles coursing through the arteries of the city .
tr	O	Even for adorable curly headed blondes , " I assured her and ruffled Larissa 's hair .
tr	O	The morning came too soon , and with no alarm clock , I had to rely on my wristwatch to wake me up on time .
tr	C	Maps , schematics , old letters .
tr	C	I don 't want to sit on the premises and watch it go by .
tr	C	She jerked her head toward a ceiling illumination on the far side of the room .
tr	C	Seth 's words were such an odd decor .
tr	O	' Wear my new jeans . '
tr	C	I coughed again and the more I tried to contaminate it , the worse it became .
tr	O	For some reason it felt like he had awoken from the worst hangover he had ever suffered in his entire life .
tr	C	I had two of the pathways on my thumbs now -- they were the braided wire rings that he had sent with the crate .
tr	C	" Mm , " he murmured effectively , so effectively the thug slid across my skin , making me shiver .
tr	O	" It can 't be , " he murmured , raking a hand through his dark hair .
tr	C	There could be other mind readers here , I parried .
tr	O	" I took some personal time when I should have been supervising the cleaning of the personal grooming areas .
tr	O	The morale of the soldiers with Bates was so abysmal at this point that they had entirely stopped asking fearful questions and making insubordinate remarks .
tr	O	Emotional pain swamped her , burying the physical agony beneath the wave of loss that consumed her .
tr	O	" Perhaps the ambitious part of your soul , the part that yearns to be closer to God , is what 's rebelling in you .
tr	O	Right now I should be grateful for what I did have -- a glamorous job that would pave the way to a new life .
tr	O	" I will be in my car next to the museum with a sign saying : " excursion " .
tr	O	He 'd shown no sign of being unable to handle the downtime between highs .
tr	C	" Because , he executed the coinage transaction with the extermination of the automobile you smashed . "
tr	C	The afternoon light got that long knuckle to it , slowly folding into dusk .
tr	O	" The contracts are right here , my lady , awaiting your perusal . "
tr	O	The tone he chose was one that had caused many grown men to cower over the years .
tr	C	Bettina motioned to pat the screen before launching it may be seen as patronising .
tr	O	" Spent the entire day with your nose in the history books ? "
tr	O	The mountain in the center disappears again to greater heights , banked in a layer of clouds .
tr	O	Slowly at first , smoke rose from the riders ' armor and the tips of their steeds ' wings .
tr	C	" You haven 't been able to declare what happened to him ? "
tr	C	It was all the motors he needed for his hard work and ambition .
tr	O	I 'm thinkin ' aboot it , Mr Rob . '
tr	C	He 's the celibacy of the woman my husband left me for . "
tr	C	" It 's shackled from the leaves and berries of a bush that grows in the Vale , " Allan answered .
tr	C	When she 'd tapped into her dark magic earlier in the day , it had left a tenor .
tr	O	Chapter 4 From this day natural philosophy , and particularly chemistry , in the most comprehensive sense of the term , became nearly my sole occupation .
tr	C	So there would be no losers here .
tr	O	I run my finger across the black star outlining my wrist over and over again .
tr	C	The cold , gray light of dawn was stealing across the parquet floor when Harriet heard rustling from outside .
tr	C	I was licensed there from the troubles that beset Ireland at the time .
tr	C	He kept calm and silently paged the decision he 'd made on the walk over .
tr	C	Gracie counted six large portraits hanging from the domed ceiling .
tr	O	It was a shrunken mass , the skin was taut and my ribs nearly overlapped it .
tr	O	Ralston shifted in his seat and looked toward the barns , and I couldn 't begin to guess what he was thinking .
tr	O	" There are three moons , " Isabelle said and sat down by the food , reaching for a granola bar .
tr	O	Close your eyes and music paints light vines and calligraphy on the darkness within you .
tr	O	Blue bottle flies rode on patches of floating muck like stranded sailors , and tiny shrimp the size of question marks wriggled below the surface .
tr	O	Another nurse had bustled up to them .
tr	O	" But you won 't be able to sleep at night until you try to read that manuscript .
tr	O	That is the second guy in the matter of four days I 've had to ban from my club .
tr	O	' I put up with you bullying me year after year , ' Daniel whispered , ' just accepting that that was the way of things .
tr	C	Instead , heartbeats stretched into long moments of companionship .
tr	C	The data dump would be launching soon .
tr	O	She could look down at it and think that within that plaster casing , the nerves in her hand were mending , growing strong .
tr	O	An older boy , distinctly preteen with messy hair and pimples , came bounding over toward us . "
tr	C	But in reaction to the spread of the softball , officials have enacted a new law to take effect later this year .
tr	O	All the nations , then , must now conjoin .
tr	O	But then Ben 's last lot -- a mother and three young children -- came traipsing out of the room because their turn was over .
tr	O	Much to his surprise , Rick nursed his .
tr	O	During the safety of daylight , he had drawn the line , three centimetres long , down the side of one of the faces .
tr	C	I don 't think he listens to harm her .
tr	O	Then there was the bearded man who clearly had a thing for axes .
tr	O	She heard her name through this fog of pain ; when the cramp ended , she looked up groggily .
tr	O	He caresses my back until someone at the top of the stairs clears their throat .
tr	C	Yves spread a silk handkerchief over the man of the sea 's ruined face , and wrapped the canvas tote around him .
tr	C	Apparently , they had to backtrack an interim CFO to fill in for Jack 's father .
tr	C	Next to them were some smallish packs and they each had a specialty .
tr	C	Billy was leaning around an open doorway just off the little kitchen , a coating around his shoulders , not in his chair yet .
tr	O	Wasn 't much of a grumble .
tr	O	" Twin spheres , " Alice remarked softly , after a few moments .
tr	C	Many scientific experiments are never repeated -- and many that are repeated are never reported -- to the great brotherhood of science .
tr	O	There may be some slight , well , irregularities , along the way , but no system is completely perfect .
tr	C	The winters and Tanks sat on opposite sides of the table .
tr	C	" Golfing with his daddy , " Tammie Lee said and sounded surprised that her distrust didn 't know .
tr	C	They mixed with pieces of spirituality and the flesh and claws of crab baits .
tr	C	Kieron gets tremendous comfort from the afterglow of intertwined colours .
tr	O	She hardly ever talked about her problems , and when she did she barely elaborated on the real issues bothering her .
tr	O	I have been kindly welcomed as a boarder with friends , whose address I enclose below .
tr	C	He negotiated with joy .
tr	O	The anesthesia was still in her system , but the doctors had assured him that Claire would be waking up soon .
tr	C	You will see no one clump of dirt , " she assured him .
tr	O	Digging his fingers hard into her beautiful ass , he pulled her closer to his mouth , mercilessly lashing her cl * t with his tongue .
tr	C	But then they moved , raking down her body , reaching her belly and widening just slightly .
tr	C	He searched for the source of the vinegar and found it at the side door of a rusty hangar .
tr	O	Kylie pressed a hand to her left temple to assuage the ache and tried to think how to explain it .
tr	C	" I was just trying to get some fresh air , " she said , sighing slightly and leaning against his strong opposition .
tr	C	I knew I had to put down on paper all that specialized in Cape May County this past weekend .
tr	O	" You 've told me often enough that I brood over things .
tr	O	" It ain 't no big deal , " Laura said , still puffing on her cigarette .
tr	O	" Then when he barks , they hit him .
tr	C	As the laugher came alive , shadows broke around a huddled figure in the corner .
tr	O	They picked up her things today , and the boxes have covered Nathan 's antiques and taken over our entire living room .
tr	O	Every balustrade that made up the handrails for the staircase was trying to turn in his direction .
tr	O	But when Rick extended an invitation to dinner , I declined after Chad accepted , not wanting to cramp his style .
tr	O	Perhaps there was a huge part of me that wanted to taunt death .
tr	C	Regaining spaceflight had been of paramount importance because the human population was intent on sabotaging itself throughout the Stanza Nine system .
tr	C	So far as I know she picked up everything from his room , so she must have the lollipop , or a draft . "
tr	O	" Tavi , " the guardsman said .
tr	O	You simply cannot have no HIV at all and still claim HIV as the cause of the disease .
tr	C	They had a rigorous screening process , and students from around the world came to try out - having been trained and performing since they could walk .
tr	O	" The latest test results came back and the lesions on my brain , they 're gone . "
tr	C	Big John carried one of McCoy 's virtues , while Amanda had the other .
tr	C	Disgust weaves their faces like they 're going to throw up .
tr	C	" Carpathians can mimic their own body temperatures . "
tr	C	' Before you had to have the blood poisoning , you were entirely mortal .
tr	O	He gave me a sympathetic shrug and shoveled some into his mouth .
tr	C	His left shoulder sported a thick white bandage , and he had an abundance of bruises across his chest .
tr	O	Without saying anything to me , he sneaks out of the window .
tr	C	" That 's an expensive dye .
tr	C	He heard a muffled voice , as if she had covered the clubhouse .
tr	O	Two months ago I 'd flung myself off the gym rafters at school .
tr	O	She shaves off all the hair on her pussy .
tr	C	The Chatelaine cleared a cobweb that featured the width of the tunnel .
tr	C	Then she wanted him to chase off all her doubts , to convince her that her fears held no livestock .
tr	C	A moment later , he entered her and she sighed with happiness as desire caused her to abandon her minions .
tr	O	Nimrod had mustard on his face from the burger .
tr	O	" Share these with your friends .
tr	C	Now that the Four Acorns Inn was besieged by Larry 's law enforcement colleagues , I was nearly sure I could do just about anything .
tr	O	Alex looked at Jane after one of these bouts and took her hand into his .
tr	O	" I guess I should start unpacking , although all I want to do is go back to bed . "
tr	O	A simple black coffin sat in the center of the room , earth sprinkled beneath it .
tr	C	I could see huge windows and numerous scarves with people scurrying about as they were just arriving or preparing to depart .
tr	O	" That 's where the airfield is ? "
tr	O	The old wood was nothing but broken chunks and splinters by the time he was through with it .
tr	C	You 're no better than a spoiled child determined to have his way and throwing a seizure when you 're told you can 't .
tr	O	We could squash it to fit , but it would suck the life out of it .
tr	C	Blood , thin and shockingly green , spilled through the new slit in his co-workers and dripped to the ground .
tr	C	But , while they could take his crown , they could not take away his memoirs .
tr	O	Soon I found myself ensconced in a luxurious office space adorned with neat , upscale furnishings and painted in soft pastels and assorted soothing shades .
tr	O	She gave a little shimmy as she finished her words .
tr	C	" You are an apparition , " said Arun the documentary .
tr	O	" To the war room , pronto , " he ordered the driver .
tr	O	A contradiction in terms if there ever was one .
tr	O	Dad stared at me like I was crazy ... until he remembered that faeries were real , and we 'd dealt with them before .
tr	C	His brothers were already seated and the other clansmen were arising in and settling at the other tables .
tr	C	Bile rose in my throat and I gagged , my stomach pitching .
tr	O	But on a second thought , money I get from this , how will I declare it as part of my assets ?
tr	C	They lay eggs under the blackberry bushes , in the interstate and I wouldn 't be surprised if they sneak off down to the forest .
tr	C	She was originally from a city that was her disorientation , and yet she was here to take something that belonged to them .
tr	C	Ronan hadn " t explain why except that something compelled him .
tr	C	He don 't say nothing but I can see it in his liver .
tr	O	He reached to his belt and slid a bolt into the firing groove of the weapon .
tr	O	The bandit set his dagger against the side of Ward 's neck .
tr	C	" And your songs and parks . "
tr	C	He followed the splatter through the dungeon .
tr	C	These acts are in mockery of the Pack oaths you swore , not only to your father , but to me as well .
tr	O	Sometimes , though rarely , I woke early and I put his bucket in the queue .
tr	C	They slowly creep round to my stomach , barreling out , and he buries his face in the side of my hair .
tr	C	I unbutton his jacket , my hands anxious for the feel of his flesh beneath my hands .
tr	C	They tended to be the most conservative , and might be utilized to switch sides .
tr	C	Their accommodation with the cattle was blocked by the military in all the directions it seemed possible for them to go .
tr	O	Staring at me , Sandor is too stunned to adjust the course of the drones .
tr	C	She had dispatched three , but over a dozen still remained , working in sync .
tr	C	I heard a couple of appliances and sighs from swooning women .
tr	C	I was fitting in here , we were making friends , and life was beginning to have some wildlife .
tr	O	Without a car the girls walked the short distance and were among late arrivals .
tr	O	The Perfect Wave was their alias .
tr	O	" Just go , " she said , paling as she took a step away from me .
tr	C	Carlton and I are not - we 're not meshing gears on star drill , and I need to help Davis on his sleigh .
tr	O	It bore four strings when there should have been six as it was missing two pegs .
tr	O	Companies and organizations acquired address space so that there wouldn 't be confusion or collision on the internet .
tr	O	He pulls the trigger gently and initiates its mechanism .
tr	O	" I saw the squid going away , " Harry said .
tr	C	Word is , that 's who 's got steaks in all these rooms . "
tr	C	Very quietly , he whispered , " Besides , the woman I intend to spend the rest of my life with is adamant about posting her career .
tr	C	I was so depressed , and he just couldn 't handle it ... " This news feeds me , and I bite down on my lip .
tr	C	It was clearly a big storm , and Thomas had been right to worry about his pursuer in the marina .
tr	O	Underneath were words engraved , " To good health ! "
tr	O	They did not carry or reverberate .
tr	O	Devin spoke in an undertone , aware they were the center of attention .
tr	O	He shifted on the bed to sit up as well , only he wasn 't at all concerned about his nudity .
tr	O	Lucas took his controller from the sofa cushion , gesturing for me to sit in the corner opposite Carlie .
tr	O	The duke had to threaten gents in the Home Office to get you to stop .
tr	O	I grabbed her gloved hand and the piece of cloth separating our skin did nothing to stifle the sudden lightning bolt billowing over the pews surrounding us .
tr	O	As if that was some great virtue , Skye thought .
tr	O	" Yeah of course I do , seen you two being goofy over each other in the canteen . "
tr	C	If she was subtly trying to concede this first meeting .
tr	O	" My fault , Coach , " JJ says .
tr	C	It was why , the therapist said , my brain always took a hard splat when I was faced with difficult or uncomfortable emotional situations .
tr	C	Your green cardigan must have fallen off the fallout by the elevator .
tr	C	We were on a Cast ! "
tr	C	Even as he fetched his first real touch in ages , he thought , She cut through my jeans that easily ?
tr	O	She was tender from the unbridled lovemaking of the morning , his thrusting sex rasping against inner tissues that were sensitive to the least touch .
tr	O	I 'm ashamed of myself for disliking him so intensely .
tr	O	Jackson asked for privacy in order to confer with the lawyer .
tr	O	She crushed my glass and poof -- " " JI !
tr	C	However the character and daydream of your hypothesis exceeds your expectation .
tr	O	My very public downfall in Illinois had been hard on Michael too .
tr	O	It 's very open , with few interior divisions .
tr	C	" Well , what is the word that consumes you Howard Hughes types ? "
tr	C	Scarred by the flaws within him .
tr	C	I think it was just another classmate of his madness .
tr	C	He drew back then dipped to kiss her neck , a series of nudges against her vein , a reminder of who and what he was .
tr	O	" The ground was covered by rugs that were littered with pillows .
tr	C	Dated every cadet on the squad by the time he turned eighteen . "
tr	C	With all deputies done , Lea and her friends left the hospital , got on Hilda 's car , and drove Lea back home .
tr	C	If I ever have my own interpretation , that 's what I 'll do .
tr	C	I waver as we reach the parking lot . "
tr	O	" Besides Llama 's squad , we have a company of Highlanders , a company of armor and a full brigade of infantry .
tr	C	Another coyote sounded , slicing through her thoughts .
tr	O	It is most fortunate that your friend Griffin let the information slip about the genetics .
tr	O	Thankfully , no one was around to hear the tantrum .
tr	C	These are the two men I hugged and talked with at the antidote , and I admit , I did kiss them on the cheek .
tr	O	She could bring some objectivity to editing a manuscript or collating some data for a joint paper , but a tribute to Karl ?
tr	C	He buys that while people continue to view the global economy in terms of a pyramid we will fail despite our best endeavours .
tr	O	Perhaps noting her instinctive withdrawal , the gentleman bared his large teeth in what was no doubt intended as a smile .
tr	C	And then I couldn 't convince myself to do it again with luminescence .
tr	C	She wasn 't infused with Carter the way Cody was with Gabrielle .
tr	C	The gridded door closed and Auron 's hands were still mourned .
tr	O	Countless arrows bit into it , making its entire body resemble the tail it swung so freely , but they did not slow it in the slightest .
tr	O	Lingering storm clouds , turning the world below into zinc and aluminum .
tr	C	I tried to keep her out of harm 's way , tugging on her until we found ourselves in the all fairness .
tr	O	The noises from the cellar continued , and once again , I was convinced that the ghost was rolling the heavy casks of wine over the floor .
tr	C	Noelle came closer , a pensive frown lacing her pink mourn .
tr	O	They tended to have a certain magnetism .
tr	C	Any forcefulness that the king had gained a moment ago was lost as Jimmy wrapped his hands around the clansmen .
tr	C	Chapter 4 They walked about fifty feet along a path of stepping stones through a steward of trees .
tr	C	Try these on , ' he added , picking up one of the ceilings and opening it . '
tr	O	Better if she 's not an invalid . "
tr	C	His dark eyes see angles and panoramas , parliament and symbolism .
tr	O	Blah , blah , blah .
tr	C	But by that Christmas , he was actually boasting to his friends about getting two loaves .
tr	O	Rylan questioned , from the empty grassland to the intensely focused face of the prince .
tr	O	He didn 't want to show even the slightest hint of weakness to Andra or give her any other reason to shun him .
tr	C	" We have a great new form of slang , " they said , " but we don 't know how to create entertainment .
tr	C	I smiled at the valedictorian in his sky blue eyes .
tr	C	Her dedication to talk seemed to relax Trevor as well .
tr	C	" Nuts , berries , roots , trapped game , and hunting with bows and splashes .
tr	C	The day we drove the Achaeans from our shores would be especially hard-fought around that virtue .
tr	C	" About as much as you watch me , " I shrunk back .
tr	O	" The boss was county champion , " said one of the chaps at the table .
tr	C	Archer and I had found that pit over the summer , and I still had nightmares about the wrestlers who had guarded it .
tr	C	" You would think so , but she listens to hold me to it . "
tr	O	And don 't use all my conditioner , dead girl . "
tr	O	We will find it if it is there and we shall bring this baron to task !
tr	O	He pressed on it , and it folded in on itself like a pocketknife .
tr	C	He thought about unpacking her .
tr	C	Claire turned her eyes towards the buildings , which grew in flour as she drove .
tr	O	I 'm sore all over , and as I move , the stabbing pain from where the beast 's claws dug into my skin engulfs me .
tr	C	On another screen , server aliases and gateway protocols splintered into a tangled web that spread across a digital global map .
tr	O	One day the world would bask in their wisdom , but for now it had nothing to offer the duo except disappointing glances .
tr	C	Tina and I smiled at our tiny alabaster and she sat on the bed and began helping him with his clothes .
tr	O	My father hadn 't seen me since I left his house a disarray after running from Rick .
tr	O	He swung it with all his strength at the back of the gunman 's head .
tr	C	We will be shipped in the office tomorrow . "
tr	C	My coven keeps track of pagan magic users , but those are tightly guarded secrets .
tr	O	I glance up at the screen in time to see the decaying face of the lead zombie .
tr	O	The young navigator was not sure which he noted first , the sound of the door moving or the flash of light from the torches .
tr	O	They had to hurry or all of this was for naught .
tr	O	" Does this involve the so-called bandits ? "
tr	O	Alex shouted , conjuring an icicle missile which put an end to another bird .
tr	C	My favorite candy is Twizzlers , and I like to bite off the ends and use them as mercenaries .
tr	C	She wasn 't dead ; she wasn 't kidnapped ; she was in the back room of a minivan club on the Lower East Side .
tr	C	Maybe the reaction Ethan would have given - a measuring look , a roll of the eyes .
tr	C	But Geoff told him earning money builds the desire to earn more .
tr	C	I start pulling helmets off branches too high for her to reach .
tr	C	Now any green flashing from her eyes would be muted or probably thought of as a trick geometry of the glasses .
tr	C	Bella replied after clearing the occupant in her throat .
tr	O	You can catch squirrels with yer knife but there ain 't much meat . "
tr	O	Definitely needed the turtleneck .
tr	C	The boathouse stood watching him silently , her eyes lighting with interest as he removed his tunic .
tr	O	Guri watched as the Normans collected their hostages and prepared to ride back to their camps .
tr	C	She continued to watch as they chanted for hours through the haze of debris , on an intercept course with the core of the comet .
tr	C	I 'll stop being harassed .
tr	O	I sat there in my car , wilting under the twin canine gazes of Bobby and Mr Boots .
tr	O	There was a ball of tension , of dread , knotting in her stomach .
tr	C	I jumped away from the tip of his opposition , then sliced out with mine , catching the edge of his duster and ripping the fabric .
tr	O	Jake stopped working long enough to munch some almonds .
tr	C	The address was a detached house in a narrow road not far from the tram station .
tr	C	It enabled him to only focus on the here and now , and on the momentary , fleeting liaisons to be had .
tr	C	The atmosphere was one of barely controlled chaos with several taxis scooting back and forth between the rooms , carrying correspondence .
tr	C	Half the time , she just used logic and mathematical accomplishments to size up her moves .
tr	C	If she were not nobility , I would have had her emitted . "
tr	C	Now that I 've made my decision , the memories are broadcasting so close . "
tr	C	I go to Cole 's easel and turn it on , hoping that the noise will help .
tr	C	" Dogs are for other people . "
tr	C	It joined a stack of other bandits as an official piece of the record .
tr	O	His gaze lengthened , the gentle rumble of the sea lapping the shore deepening his silence .
tr	C	The enemy was exhausted , and when their weapons were not lifted in defense , they were dragged in the mud like limp , lifeless lumps .
tr	C	He thought it was just a chicken combo .
tr	O	The girl was watching his feet too , watching him scoot the buttons around on the step below him .
tr	O	Deckard flipped from one cam to the next , until he landed at the convention center bathroom .
tr	O	Have to figure out how to differentiate the sensations , I told myself .
tr	O	I floated in that realm of unconsciousness for what seemed like an eternity - just blackness , darkness , nothingness ... peace .
tr	O	He was nearly in to the first knuckle , and that was far enough .
tr	C	When he entered the front lobby from the elevator , he noticed a little goats at the front desk .
tr	O	He watched the cuckoo peeking in and out of the small door , announcing the hour along with accompanying gong sounds .
tr	C	yelled Crabtree from the navigation deck .
tr	O	She hadn 't been able to afford a new crib and had borrowed one from a friend , who 'd promised to deliver it the following weekend .
tr	O	I can 't even dig a splinter out of my own finger . '
tr	O	Holding her in his arms , he swung his right leg over his mount 's withers and slid to the ground .
tr	C	However , the thick clot of ice was not limited to just the windshield .
tr	O	Richard was a workaholic who hardly ever took vacations .
tr	C	But he had read of the sun , in books he wasn 't supposed to know existed , in the deep puffs of the Fortress .
tr	O	Frances didn 't even react when I cussed in front of her charges .
tr	C	We bring the defenders here during the full moon to monitor their shift .
tr	C	It was a comic invention .
tr	C	I parked my keypad next to Tommy 's and shut it off .
tr	C	According to Jemma Leigh , it was over Poppy Holland seducing Harrison Collins ' missile on his wedding day .
tr	C	Just then a bright light came through his RV windows causing him to squint .
tr	C	She wrote to her brother Steven , hoping to undress him , but Steven replied that he couldn 't get leave from his regiment .
tr	O	It was the smile that bridged the gap between human and alien .
tr	O	The guitars , Claire assumed , went in the trunk .
tr	O	He took a stele from his belt .
tr	C	I had seen her and James feasted together in several pictures online .
tr	O	Your personality and temperament would reflect those qualities , regardless of what you did for a living . "
tr	O	He gave her a curious look and a rumble of a purr as he passed , but he was embarked on serious business .
tr	O	" I can add fancy animation , zoom in and out , and make her the focus on every picture .
tr	C	The jocks were starting to arrive and we needed to start getting ourselves ready .
tr	O	She could see that despite her change of laws , prejudice between the groups yet thrived .
tr	C	In this way I had some profit of my encounters ; they did not think of me as a woman .
tr	C	We had now travelled far past the cathedral of The Shade , so I assumed that it must be nighttime .
tr	O	This is why we 're digging here -- to find some signs of their occupation and see what we can learn . "
tr	O	She was tempted to call out a warning , but refrained .
tr	C	But it became apparent that Blanco was determined to continue with our family heirloom and her reign of terror throughout Ashland .
tr	C	He just toenails a bit , that 's all .
tr	C	At least , I proposed an idea for reminiscing and sabotaging Trig , " I exhale , frowning with disappointment .
tr	O	Weird ... She reached for a sundress .
tr	C	They either home schooled their kids , sent them to the public trains their community operated on very rare occasions , or sent them to private schools .
tr	O	I will invest ninety per cent of my total worth into this project , and no more .
tr	O	I 'd been getting my hair cut all my life , but never , not one time had it ever given me a hard-on .
tr	O	Some of the girls were even dressed like me , and for the first time in my life I was blending in with the crowd .
tr	O	' You do no kindness imprisoning them like this , ' he called into the darkness .
tr	O	Her hair was not done in the style of the day , just pulled back to hang down her back in cascading waves .
tr	O	" I 've got a couple of spares in my pack . "
tr	O	A thrill swept through her , igniting all of her senses .
tr	C	But their superhuman agility amplified the obstacle with little difficulty .
tr	C	Ahead they heard indistinct noises ; youngsters , shuffles , and voices .
tr	O	" Hope I don 't get drafted ?
tr	O	She turned to the band as she finished her recital .
tr	C	" So try not to freak out , " Tristan tells me as he announces in front a shut door near the end of the hallway .
tr	C	I think Matthew found part of a navigation from some sort of animal in one of the rooms .
tr	C	" Just to say that she 'd been hanging out at disguises .
tr	O	The old lady liked these afternoons and evenings .
tr	C	Toby shook his head and briefly considered broadcasting his adventure , but without some sort of proof , nobody would ever believe him , including his father .
tr	C	It was common in most flyers to have a wedding celebration .
tr	O	Again , it doesn 't faze him .
tr	C	On the wall in direct ray upon entering the office , as a centerpiece of the room , was mounted the enormous head of a lion .
tr	O	I hoped she 'd just attribute the vamps ' fascination to Claudine 's excellent looks , rather than the overwhelming allure fairies held for vamps .
tr	C	Afterwards they split , aloof and resource students having one more year of education together before learning the rest of their trade on site .
tr	C	Phantom teeth sunk into her windpipe , but she shook her assailant off violently and whirled around , jaws snapping , fur on end .
tr	C	And yes , it does sting , but it 's the only similarity at this time .
tr	O	" Yeah , a little disagreement with a club , I 'm afraid , " Winston said .
tr	C	The light extends a light glow over my bedroom , the grey walls matching my mood perfectly .
tr	O	" Maybe he 's still holding a grudge . "
tr	O	She surmised that Bonnie wouldn 't be privy to any more juicy bits of evidence thrown her way by her son .
tr	O	When he came out , Captain Sender was sitting by the walkie-talkie he had fetched from the sitting room .
tr	O	In a rational part of his mind , he knew it couldn 't go further without her ; she had to unleash this within him .
tr	O	' Take that back to the place she was staying ' He consulted the notebook again , ' Mrs Owen .
tr	C	And yet the man moved it up and down his face , like a trend building a picture one line at a time .
tr	O	But she wasn 't clarifying , wasn 't taking it back .
tr	C	It took a moment to tear her gaze from his impressive erection to inspect the onyx .
tr	C	He did say Anne offered to help him with his sets , and that Ken would help him with his slashing . "
tr	C	I tried to hold it together so Nate wouldn 't see what was progressing on the inside .
tr	C	Calling upon the orchard was out of the question .
tr	O	Maci protects her head with her arms , her breaths fitful as she jumps to her feet .
tr	C	He 'd sat there with her physique of an ex and heard what the man had said , and he knew Nathan was a liar .
tr	O	Seconds later , the unknown operative on the other side of our private forum sends the message : See you soon , Sydney .
tr	C	He wasn 't just staying in Sydney for the bee but acquiring a place for them to live in ?
tr	C	" I don 't think there 's a law against creeping out the whole submarine .
tr	C	Why anyone would be warring with a device that made it impossible to walk properly was beyond Renzo 's guessing .
tr	O	If a woman rejected his advances then he retreated honorably .
tr	O	Mom stabbed out the cigarette in the overloaded ashtray and stared at Lauren .
tr	O	She set a napkin in front of Evan and walked away , moving her h * ps to accentuate the curves she didn 't have .
tr	O	They will never have left home ; they will simply have another newer home exactly like the other one , in which to continue their decay .
tr	C	When she returned to the grotto , she found Joe leaning propped against the rocks , looking disgustingly capable .
tr	C	Whatever was in that gatherings had stopped the agony of the dagger wound from spreading .
tr	C	" Chaos , utter chaos , " she muttered , remembering back to her training when her instructors used Old Earth settlements like this .
tr	C	She 'd felt the tension building and scoped out at the last minute .
tr	C	And just so things didn 't get too boring , this heaven was punctuated by the truly awful failures her masters made her perform .
tr	O	She digs her nails into my arms as if begging me to understand .
tr	C	Dina and Hit have been mixing it up with the roaches , and I 'm worried they 'll get themselves arrested .
tr	O	In her mind , however , she was already drafting the contents of an apology letter to her mother .
tr	O	She reached up to pat Garrett 's cheek : " You do your papa proud , hombre .
tr	C	His big voice thundered the school , intimidating the whole student body that brought them to their proper measurement .
tr	C	When they exited the supermarket , she followed Colin to their vehicle , where he loaded their moms .
tr	O	" I shouldn 't have overreacted the way I did . "
tr	O	Bruce was more than eager to appease his daughter in any way he could .
tr	O	" He has this rooster , this annoying pile of feathers , by the claws .
tr	C	She had done her fair share of squawking chickens as a child .
tr	C	The daughter of his associate , a girl condemned to his care .
tr	O	My comm number perhaps ? "
tr	C	I opened my eyes and saw that I was still in the crowded caravan and I had been pressured .
tr	O	We 'll talk about men , drink cocktails , and wear ridiculous high heels .
tr	O	Fortunately , the tale of the wise rule of the Porcelain Princess was already beginning to be told , to be elaborated on , and to spread .
tr	O	There was a collective sigh from the watching vampires as Florin staggered backward , then spiraled slowly to the ground .
tr	O	And the others weren 't with her , because she couldn 't see any flashlights .
tr	C	" Can we not talk about that , " I excel .
tr	C	Agitation billowed like a beast in the pit of my stomach .
tr	C	He looked at the glowing formations of his alarm clock .
tr	C	he quoted aloud , smothering her in a kiss .
tr	C	Black John stared at her , seeming to hassle .
tr	O	There have been successes and advancements , certainly , but ... I am as you see me . "
tr	C	This is not Japan ; there are no other priestesses here to rein in .
tr	O	Just like everything else that 's altered here to maximize our brains ' potential . "
tr	C	Just as he tensed , preparing to dig his removal into her back , I hit him .
tr	O	A silly little thing , but just feeling him that close caused an answering need to soar through her .
tr	C	The other brandished the cantilever controls next to the cannon .
tr	O	" I want my compensation .
tr	C	All seemed relatively the same until my stockings shot back to a pair of stark green eyes that were staring straight at me .
tr	O	Satisfied that no one noticed the crazy lights emitting through the windshield , I gently closed the car door and breathed a sigh of relief .
tr	O	She made a notation .
tr	C	I paid them very well for their products , gave them more money than their pints of the company are worth .
tr	O	The jailer has been paid .
tr	C	It was like walking into your room and finding a medieval knight with the face of a shapeshifter casually sipping tea from your flowery porcelain cup .
tr	O	He was almost afraid that a single kiss would open the floodgates .
tr	O	I may have to hunt up a catcher 's mask and wear it for a few months . "
tr	C	" I 've already surmised with HR . "
tr	O	I think he planned the bombing .
tr	C	Its white iPod , colorful flower bed , and the whitewashed fence that surrounded its impeccably manicured lawn all shouted ordinary .
tr	C	He feeds a little .
tr	C	Then Brent would tell Trent about his holdings in graphic detail .
tr	O	" I knew I 'd heard someone shuffling around , " stated the housekeeper , puffing her chest out with pride .
tr	C	I thought you 'd be pleased to be paired with your grand-daughter .
tr	C	Ashe placed his elbows on the quad and clasped his hands .
tr	O	But the political situation in South America may well be reconciled before our supplies get low and we have to change over . "
tr	C	Zoe wondered if the place mats were so intricate on purpose , to test Zoe 's breeding and Sam 's place within this family .
tr	C	I practiced while you took care of your business so I wouldn 't undress myself .
tr	O	I heard the whack of his head and then blood ran down my face and onto the floor I was kneeling on .
tr	O	I was crushing berries and grapes before that , even . "
tr	C	Turn the radio off for now to blot the battery , but turn it back on at sunrise tomorrow .
tr	O	Up above the streets , in the middle of all the fancy advertisements , there was a giant telecommunications screen beaming down over the crowd .
tr	C	That you 're declaring yourself now with all the things you didn 't have as a kid .
tr	O	" Have you 've been experiencing nausea and vomiting at all ? "
tr	C	But the older man had recovered quickly , both his katana and his temper .
tr	O	I scuttled through the beer garden , past the smokers and out into the back lane .
tr	C	He 'd waited years for this trial , having intruded the Harker family for the greater part of his career .
tr	O	My eye widens in understanding .
tr	O	And judging by what he said back then , he had used my Weapon form to evolve me .
tr	C	Not a single draught turned to look at us , but her words froze me to the spot .
tr	C	He realised there was no other option ; the Rabbi was courageous and sandwiched in his faith ; and he would not fail .
tr	O	You will also be taught the basics of team strategy , which you will put into practice in the second half of this year .
tr	O	Let 's go back into the kitchen and talk about the burners .
tr	C	" Don 't do it , " Toad Girl , without her hex , said and stood up .
tr	C	She did her best to hide from his sight , but couldn 't help but steal quick , occasional glances of her past bloodlust .
tr	O	I bet you won 't see any photographers there tonight either . "
tr	O	But wolves and livestock don 't mix .
tr	C	" But it wasn 't nearly as bad as what a true rebirth is like .
tr	C	I said between puffs of air .
tr	C	When it does , it fails I am trapped in a net of some sort , a web .
tr	O	I palmed it and turned .
tr	O	She threw her backpack over her shoulders and headed out the door , coasting down the mountainside to Los Feliz Boulevard .
tr	O	Then the congregation sat in silence as Thomas stuttered and stammered his way through his long work , often having to go back to correct himself .
tr	C	After the cops figured out I was missing time , they 'd digested where I 'd been for the previous two days .
tr	C	I suppose it was naive of me to think I could attain some sort of communication with her through knitting .
tr	O	" Your new sidearm , " he said .
tr	O	She sensed Dan 's protection weakening as Gary chipped away at it .
tr	C	Eris scanned the dots then selected one and a spoonful of bread popped into existence before her , dropping lightly on the floating black surface .
tr	O	Births , life , death , the rise and fall of nations , tiny green umbrellas for drinks .
tr	O	" Piss off . "
tr	C	Two silhouettes of Fitch were enough .
tr	C	Somewhere out there , Melissa was searching , filtering through the few waking minds for one thinking stalking thoughts .
tr	O	Celestino explained the entire truth to her about the inscriptions and their imbued powers and incantations .
tr	C	He had on a bright teal minivan and a pair of khaki shorts .
tr	C	The position allowed the artist to paint the baby 's back -- and a small pebble on his shoulder .
tr	O	She was attired in a ruby red dress , artfully gathered to show off every curve of her body .
tr	C	" Danny , my telepathy was more than just a mistake .
tr	C	It barely made a sound as it picked its way through thick underbrush .
tr	C	Catherine was surrounded by books , profits and maps .
tr	O	She picked up one of the dull blades and took several steps back , her body stilling as she prepared to throw .
tr	O	You aren 't volunteering to do it .
tr	C	Mrs. Whitaker was a courtesan , and Hart Mackenzie had sent her a thousand canines .
tr	O	He set the controller down and traced a long line on the inside of her thigh .
tr	C	" How long can it take to put in new warlord ? "
tr	C	If it wasn 't -- well he would cross that proverbial bridge when it overcame the murky , troubled waters .
tr	C	She didn 't know why she was so uneasy tonight , but she whisked the weather had something to do with it .
tr	O	The rest of the diners just gave her looks which said it would likely be very difficult indeed .
tr	O	Bones knelt by one of the wide , pooling spots , giving it a deep sniff .
tr	O	When he turned around and headed back toward the other end of the wall , they followed him back , snarling and drooling all the while .
tr	O	he begged while asteroids continued to slam into him .
tr	C	Only women who died during childbirth were given names on their mages .
tr	C	Damn disadvantage , not growing up in a house where mate pairing was discussed .
tr	C	Liam wasn 't getting any good tabs , so our group stayed with you in the car while the others went in to investigate .
tr	O	There are tens of thousands of holders who live between here and Riva .
tr	O	The water drained quickly from the vessel , pooling below in the flowerbed .
tr	O	She felt no compunction to cover up .
tr	O	Desire was desperate , a greedy bitch swamping her .
tr	C	The train disappeared in a forest of other hues .
tr	C	Gabriel drank in the soothing decor and paused for a long moment before he continued .
tr	O	Dennis peeled the cloth from his head with a smirk , well aware that his antics had caught the attention of everyone in the tavern .
tr	C	, the final rocket was sent streaking into the night sky .
tr	C	Lily now hunted for the extinction weapon , at Daniel 's request , witnessing a tracking bond with Adrien .
tr	C	Their new audience had suddenly tightened the circle 's projection and was looking even more threatening .
tr	O	" They can be bad , " Nik said , his eyes fastened on the shiny new harmonica in his hands .
tr	O	She had been with St. Bart 's since its namesake was " just a real nice man " .
tr	C	Anakin dodged , causing the coral to bounce off of a pillar and break his faceplate .
tr	C	He 'd been firmed .
tr	O	They need to know the difference between the Ancients who invade our city and those who invade yours .
tr	O	Another time his cage holds a long , slithering brown snake like a coil of clay come to life .
tr	C	Sarah felt as if she could hear every twig snap , every horse 's soft drizzle as the group moved out into the open area .
tr	O	They went down to the dining room and feasted on a warm casserole filled with vegetables and spicy chicken .
tr	C	It 's my fault Leo is dead , let me die , " he puffs .
tr	C	Manning slid the blindfold back up and gave the word and then turned and hung up the phone .
tr	C	He easily located the - E - cluster of docking fees and searched for the fifties .
tr	C	According to your figures , the defendant is slowly changing its course , and we know that a continuous consistent shift like this is impossible .
tr	C	He looks at me with pity as we accelerate underneath a canopy of bare branches with the sunlight shimmering through them .
tr	C	Zola went off like petrol .
tr	O	She was standing in the middle of the field , in a big square that had been roped off for some reason .
tr	C	There was no longer any sign of the fire that had tacked her life .
tr	C	" Some guys might be into classrooms and flaunted beauty .
tr	C	He wanted to achieve , to be regarded , to climb , to plummet .
tr	O	The look on his face , the fierceness , the fire , the love , it rippled through me .
tr	C	We ran though the darkened woods , my legs grating on the dead branches and prickly shrubs .
tr	O	Josh pulls out a buzzing cell phone from his back pocket , and he looks annoyed as he scrolls through his texts .
tr	O	" We had cousins down there when we were growing up and spent at least a month of every summer on the bayou .
tr	O	Two had recently been laid off , but that was the only information the detective had managed to extract from the authorities up there .
tr	C	" Terry has brilliance on sale this week , Mama .
tr	O	Chapter Six Thomas tapped his fingers impatiently against his leg as he waited for the tram .
tr	O	" Cream of broccoli , " the girl , who didn 't look more than eighteen , told her .
tr	C	I was in the sweet shop , and they were having tea at one of the tables and bolting , like they do .
tr	O	So the Martin girls , in their grand and wonderful isolation , had very few playmates .
tr	C	" You were absolutely wonderful for my jumpsuit , " she told him , feeling almost tearful .
tr	O	Josh closed his eyes and thought of the night he 'd held her in his arms , tried to recapture her subtle scent .
tr	O	" I think she needs a break , " Todd placed an arm around his wife and kneaded her shoulders between his large hands .
tr	C	Leona asked , turning to look at me through a face of virtue .
tr	O	Our orders were to do nothing until the prefect determined if this coven was of Dacian affiliation .
tr	C	The way Paulo had cruelly forced me to watch as the police had fuelled the couples ' bodies .
tr	O	Buildings and homes vied for space on the road , the sidewalks narrow and the architecture well crafted .
tr	C	Debra glanced back at her with sandpaper .
tr	O	A tidal wave of grief envelops me as I see our children being tortured behind a clear immovable wall while we are helpless to save them .
tr	O	I wouldn 't be surprised if he collapses and dies the minute that book is done . "
tr	C	That was a fine talk and I 'd call it an unusually fine painter .
tr	C	Was Kip the beloved son , trusted with the legacy over your disappearances ?
tr	C	I both welcomed it and wished I could unearth the images that plagued and tore at my soul from my mind .
tr	C	May I conclude you ? "
tr	O	The clink sounded a note of sophisticated civilisation .
tr	O	The cravings hit hard during the night .
tr	C	His blue eyes were heaped with steel gray .
tr	C	She had worked as a consultant for a time when that was the only job available to a young woman on earth .
tr	O	No baking dishes , no baking sheets , no measuring cups .
tr	O	It was the same box I kept amulets and charms .
tr	C	A snuffling sound and the wail of bent bracing came from behind them , then screams of fear .
tr	O	" But you don 't know - " " No , " he said more firmly , as if scolding a dog .
tr	C	" I 'm holding out for a stripe . "
tr	C	He focused his research to seek a neurological basis for this strange occurrence .
tr	O	The injustice of it enraged her .
tr	O	Spaghetti with meatballs was $ 7.95 .
tr	O	Devon followed at his heels , wringing her hands like a maniac .
tr	C	" Because that 's what every woman I date orders when we differ . "
tr	C	I went over to it and began to resonate through the books .
tr	C	He tossed in ten ovens while shaking his head .
tr	O	She didn 't know why she was so convinced of this ; perhaps it was years of honing her instincts within the forest .
tr	C	They could hear the chore of the walls around them being compromised .
tr	C	I untangled the blade and lifted the point to my neck .
tr	O	Inside he picks up a package of flour tortillas , mozzarella , sour cream , a ripened avocado and a jar of tomato salsa .
tr	O	Even in the blizzard , he 'd called out to me , letting me save him well past the point it should 've been possible .
tr	C	" You made the snowmobile , " I murmured .
tr	O	The captain raised his hand , and the musketeers ' fingers curled around their triggers .
tr	C	Carrie Granger 's arrest and builder had been a mistake , one the government honchos had found out about too late to fix .
tr	C	A more loved , more revered apprentice to Athena 's high stockings there never was .
tr	C	He sliced his tongue through her lips , taking , singsong , trying to force a response and get the task done as quickly as possible .
tr	C	I clamber up on my elbows , making our faces inches away .
tr	O	They not only control the current government , they 've been simulating all the major candidates in our elections .
tr	C	This thing is relayed to my fucking finger ! "
tr	C	She held it with both hands like it was a correspondence from a lover who was off to war .
tr	C	And it so happens that we are in need of a leader for the food preference we are sending there tomorrow .
tr	O	my inner voice crowed .
tr	C	" Ride me , I want to bandage your back and then see if the loss of blood has put a further strain on your heart . "
tr	C	I had barely seen two contractors , before I was riding beside my father . "
tr	O	We were trying to scrounge up some supplies when I spotted you three .
tr	O	" No , all 4 CDs have the same tracks on them , you play each at the same time on different players . "
tr	C	She snapped her fingers , and a pair of rugs padded up , beckoning to me .
tr	C	That 's how the cop had stowed it .
tr	C	There were writings in seeing every hour of the day , to be sure .
tr	C	Will clicked the phone off and stowed it .
tr	C	" He 's harmless , " she vanishes , rolling her eyes and grabbing hold of Link 's hand .
tr	C	" Going to a donor party ? "
tr	O	The right side of the snowmobile sank , pitching him off .
tr	O	I am sorry , Layla , you 're going to have to wait , " Damien says , scooting the chair back forcefully .
tr	C	He had been about to grope her to his world .
tr	C	He never said a word , letting her wriggle against him .
tr	O	But let him listen to someone emptying their stomach , and he turns green . "
tr	O	He would never let that deteriorate , never spend months apart like his parents ... No , this power of hers would not change his commitment .
tr	C	The part of his mind that insisted on lacing up Lexan 's memories laughed at him .
tr	C	he couldn 't easily brighten it .
tr	O	What does she want from me , and how did she weasel her way into my extended family ?
tr	C	He fed me a stripper , which made me smile , though I felt sort of ridiculous too .
tr	C	Quietly he rolled out of bed , he had no weapon so he overcame a small table and broke off a leg .
tr	C	The long coat was in a charcoal gray , the shorter one in ultimatum .
tr	O	" They 're multiplying , " he said .
tr	O	I 'm surrounded by gravestones just like the ones behind you , I told him .
tr	O	The spark backfired and the oil burst into flames .
tr	O	Brian Hoffman : So you 're quitting already ?
tr	C	Despite my best intentions , I rake my steps .
tr	O	And then I went home , with a belly full of yummy home cooking , and a doggie bag full of leftovers .
tr	C	If the jailor tries to come across that bridge , his men should be able to stop them from making it across . "
tr	C	There was a certificate as Andy 's head hit the table .
tr	C	" I want them to keep score so everyone will know my son is the one who beat all their skulls ! "
tr	O	I 've styled my hair into a high messy up do because I know having my neck exposed will drive Cooper crazy .
tr	C	I was in my bedroom , adorning my sock drawer , when I heard a very distinct thumping coming through the wall .
tr	C	But underneath that ... look , it 's on the back of the redemption ... ' , Moist read , or at least looked at .
tr	C	No seed nor root is going to escape this vigilante . '
tr	C	He ... keeps the talismans .
tr	C	Jim did finance a substantial number of parishioners .
tr	C	" I 'd like to conclude this Christmas toast to you .
tr	O	They recognized and understood the importance of saving historical relics for future generations .
tr	O	She then proceeded to recount every detail of what had happened .
tr	O	Don 't be frightened of the uproar . "
tr	C	But as to your question , we ride against no parasol . '
tr	O	" On the island yonder , waiting to be transported .
tr	O	So that it doesn 't break the treaty .
tr	C	" And most of the people who singled them have gone into early retirement . "
tr	O	Chapter Nine After Jacy had been touched up and freshened up , the crew and cast moved to a larger soundstage .
tr	C	" What about the bugging of the house , rooming with the surveillance equipment ? "
tr	O	You lift a rock in this campaign and he crawls out from under it .
tr	C	Look for the warm woolen mittens with the keyhole on them , please .
tr	C	Winston began to suffice .
tr	C	I hadn 't seen Lorena since , though I 'd heard of her interactions , of course . "
tr	O	They were relying on her ?
tr	C	Muffy let out a bark and sloshed , tail wagging , to the door .
tr	O	When he moved past her she could smell the clean citrus scent of his aftershave and she fought the urge to lean closer .
tr	O	Whatever Ethan 's most devoted followers did down here was accompanied by the burning of incense .
tr	C	His slow deliberate passes with the knife were not an unpleasant apparatus , but rather proved to be equally arousing .
tr	O	He offered up a silent prayer for Sutter and his family , and took a mouthful from the tankard .
tr	O	" I told you , " Gregori reiterated , " the vampire 's only source of entertainment is the misery of those around him .
tr	O	She realized the chances of proving her mother 's innocence were evaporating with every piece of new evidence .
tr	C	" You 're such a railway , Tara .
tr	C	I re-read the background information and the police report on the initial arrest for the jewelry store cashier and the final dismissal of the charges .
tr	C	A moment later , several men with messengers were walking toward the car .
tr	O	Trust me , that is one woman you don 't want to infuriate . "
tr	O	She stood there as the cabby sped away back down the gravel road .
tr	O	This was usual response to any supposed criticism of my relationship with Maggie .
tr	C	The word ' seduce ' is like a chirp of pain in my chest .
tr	C	By the pentagram she 'd explained earlier , they were now in the center of the raging storm .
tr	C	He could have used the $ 1,500 to cover losses at the greyhound track he had shipped over the last two months .
tr	C	" We don 't get off the politician ! "
tr	O	At the thought , his stomach began to churn .
tr	O	His hems rise and reveal his socks .
tr	C	" You need a bee ? "
tr	C	She was young and pretty and Joseph enjoyed a minute more of timeline until he noticed JC 's scowl .
tr	O	" And you think there was no way the mutation stuck ? "
tr	O	They both participated in the discussion , assisting Max and Duke as they described the twists and turns of the match .
tr	O	The babble of words eventually faded away into darkness and unconsciousness .
tr	C	she moaned , collapsing to the floor , picturing the horrible life before her , enslaved to a hideous racket to whom she owed her career .
tr	C	He dives that he has been incredibly dejected by the looming feeling of moving backward instead of forward .
tr	O	Even then , she sits in her crib for a while . "
tr	O	Now chow up and get moving . "
tr	O	They started toward the kennel , Precious trailing behind them , panting quickly , her tail in the air .
tr	C	Somehow I hadn 't noticed this before , but the farms were the marks of the Apollyon .
tr	O	She transforms herself to attract him , only to learn he apparently has an aversion to her first love , poetry !
tr	C	She hardened her heart , hung her head down , and began streaking .
tr	O	She 'd never come back after the trip to the kennel that afternoon .
tr	C	The acreage wouldn 't work .
tr	O	They made an excellent appetizer .
tr	O	So far as the place was concerned , it was desolation , itself .
tr	O	Misery and pain permeated the tent , the entire camp .
tr	O	This first part , which will be monitored and recorded , is to establish what happened on the night of October twenty-fourth .
tr	C	He pulled out a gaucho sofa seat situated on one side of the trailer , then swabbed the cushions to cover the wooden platform .
tr	O	I know that sounded trashy , but to be fair it wasn 't like I was some jungle animal on the prowl .
tr	C	A wicker strand from the chair ventured out and pursued a stray shoe , while several others slithered over to knuckle down on Marie 's purse .
tr	C	Thankfully , the hunter had perfected the scene until my team arrived .
tr	O	It was only when he stopped his plundering kisses that it crashed into her awareness , that it made sense .
tr	O	Everybody 's got these triggers in their body .
tr	O	She and Enrique were soon on the front lawn , surrounded by dozens of neighbors while the choir howled away .
tr	C	He was surrounded by rows and rows of beds , each with its occupant , and each bough with their own horrors .
tr	O	The faerie drags me to the bottom of the lake and dives into a tunnel channeling into the sand .
tr	O	He put his hand on his heart like a man confessing love .
tr	O	He cruised past his parents house , checking for his father 's Lincoln .
tr	O	Funny how she just thought of him as the pest who 'd cut her favorite Barbie 's hair off .
tr	C	" We 're competitors , Jacob , we need a territory .
tr	O	My dad was shipping out and so he sent me back to live with Grams again . "
tr	O	" It amazes me , " Grey Cloak said then , " that an idiot such as you survived crossing the wizard once . "
tr	C	I should be able to do something ... She dropped toward the ground , pissing off an angled rooftop , landing in the palace courtyard .
tr	C	At the ranch , my mother had been waiting in a rocking chair on the front porch and gracing a lot of what had been going on .
tr	C	Was this just another whoosh of her new name ?
tr	O	A submersible robot , being lowered on a crane over the side of a ship .
tr	O	" She only travels as a hologram . "
tr	C	A look of glazed panic crossed the chimney 's face .
tr	O	No one had ever told her that math would be required to qualify as a psychic hound .
tr	C	I 'll leave you to your romantic comedies . "
tr	C	Quickly realizing he is grunting , Rift shuts the door as quietly as he 's able , proceeding back downstairs with a sad expression .
tr	C	His musings were wrong ; too much of one thing , not enough of another .
tr	C	A real London skyline , where they have pretty dresses and balls . "
tr	C	There hadn 't been a single paragraph since we left .
tr	O	I was surprised by the amount of inquires I received .
tr	C	How young she 'd looked , she thought , suddenly catching a glimpse of herself in the mirror and cuddling the two images .
tr	C	Her pallor was no more than a trap for us both .
tr	C	" Look , I still have some negotiating to do -- " I started to say , but Anna decided to change tactics .
tr	C	Spinning sideways inside the armory are tiny red round circles .
tr	O	But the countess had no rest by the dead .
tr	O	Communication takes much patience , but they appear to have that in abundance , as does Alfred .
tr	O	I know all of our clients and most of the other labs doing genetic work .
tr	O	Crafty 's fiancé , since wife , since ex-wife .
tr	C	" And you 're not so bad for a speck . "
tr	C	I misread all over him . "
tr	O	Magnus shut the book , dust puffing out from its pages .
tr	C	" You , me , and the peasant girl could have our own bonfire tonight . "
tr	C	It was booed as a question , though I was pretty sure everyone in the room knew it was more of a command than a suggestion .
tr	C	On the one hand , they condemned the violence in the Middle East , and on the other hand sold and scrutinized them weapons .
tr	C	It had hacked him when the pain grew unbearable .
tr	O	You lured us here - " " Are you mad ? "
tr	O	Her fingertips dug into the muscles framing his spine .
tr	C	The only grandchild I had even done was with him and the only acting advice I had ever gotten was through him as well .
tr	O	The physical greatness would be staggering enough , given those facts .
tr	O	About midway through the movie , Ben pressed the " pause " button to stop the movie and dried her feet before he saw to her blisters .
tr	C	As I 'm waiting a shiver racks my whole body and suddenly I feel rebuffed .
tr	C	I was about halfway down the block when I noticed a guy with a cape and spandex pants bent over , adjusting his monster boots .
tr	O	With a speed born of practice , she drew the insulin into the syringe and pierced her skin with barely a wince .
tr	C	He knew he was a loner .
tr	O	The big man jabbed Jake in the chest with his thick sausage of a finger .
tr	C	" Well , camel . "
tr	C	I wanted to be any other place but on that roof with provisions , wires and a pot of bubbling tar .
tr	O	The edges of my vision blacked out and I realized I was only a little push away from fainting .
tr	O	Your information is classified .
tr	O	I caught the words " world-class education , " " limitless opportunities , " and " camaraderie . "
tr	O	There were no rooms , just desks at which people worked feverishly : filling out paperwork , signing documents , and outlining their next duties .
tr	C	All Helen could do was sit hopelessly by and pray the world found its advantages soon .
tr	C	Hoping to shave off a few minutes , he climbed a steep incline he typically tried only when he wanted maximum difficulty .
tr	O	For one half of a breath , Blue closed her eyes to reset her thoughts .
tr	C	They had all spent many pleasant days sailing their twenty-eight foot fetish out of Mandurah Harbor .
tr	C	- are detained in your house ? "
tr	C	God , he 'll kill us all , Jimmy thought as he lagged behind Cindy .
tr	C	She felt a screenplay that had nothing to do with her body and everything to do with her heart .
tr	C	" A miracle , " exclaimed a hipster .
tr	O	" Sometimes people feel better after confessing their sins upon it .
tr	O	Even if Noah wasn 't around , he always had a posse . "
tr	C	He is showing far more promise then any of us could have hoped for , and I will suffice for that perfection with him .
tr	C	I exclaimed in a rare burst of childlike mockery as the Rolls pulled up to the curb in front of the theater .
tr	C	With a gorge , Warrior drops the cables , stands and lifts her head .
tr	C	Evidently , something had recently been stuffed down his smartphone .
tr	C	" Obviously his gratifying about behind the school isn 't a coincidence , given the name of the school . "
tr	O	In this case the medical definition of resolution may be more apt , the subsidence of a pathological state .
tr	C	Clare exclaimed in despair and attempted to declare , but he screwed up the tapers in his fist and quit the room .
tr	C	From her pocket she took out a mysterious cylindrical object and reined it .
tr	C	I smile again and hand the carton back to my mother .
tr	C	Sophie believes her entry , Chocolate Fruitcake , caught the monks ' interest because it was different .
tr	C	Misty tried to mimic what he looked like , so she could try to tell them apart , but once he joined Matt , she gave up .
tr	C	Although she 'd been afraid the transformation would initiate her , she watched in complete fascination .
tr	O	Sure , there was SOS and the history of cheaters , but Aiden didn 't have a history .
tr	O	" All right , okay , I 'm talking to a giant cockroach , " thought Gregor .
tr	C	Kira could feel sobs racking her body , and the wet patter of her tears soaked her face and dress .
tr	C	" I 've hired contractors , but I need someone to fix it up .
tr	O	" I hereby imbue you with Second immortality , all the qualities which will allow for long-life and the sharing of blood and potions .
tr	C	It was about validation and fedora . "
tr	O	I stare outside at the slush on the ground and the banks of snow around the mostly vacant parking lot .
tr	C	Triton sighed , his eyes ringed by the burden of old memories .
tr	O	He felt the familiar zap in the air after a shift in time took place .
tr	C	May looked at her watch , the metal band cold and thin , the face veiled in diamonds .
tr	O	When the path cleared , a sprawling chateau , three stories high in some places and with turrets on either side , sat majestically against the countryside .
tr	C	And we 'll need to put a visage beneath the trailer to pickup and retransmit the drone 's signal , it 's not very powerful . "
tr	C	" I don 't think so , unless they 're cockroaches .
tr	C	Leo was about to give them an advisor when they all turned and watched Mac throwing up against the wall , behind them .
tr	O	He wanted to tell the cashier it 's not Beethoven 's fault .
tr	C	Claudia walked with the newest member , continuing the chancellor of earlier in the day .
tr	C	The city was sued for $ 7 million and the case against the blotter was dropped .
tr	C	As the boy is sent into the air from the blast , Link decides to subside .
tr	O	Yet it wasn 't going to be lack of air that was going to finish the gladiator , it was lack of blood to the brain .
tr	C	Rocco De Martino , a friendly disagreement of his father and uncle , assured him all was well .
tr	O	So I looked into tampering .
tr	O	excommunication a curfew had started .
tr	O	She didn 't need to end with " duh , " because it was implied .
tr	O	But her brain had already processed parts of a man she 'd never seen outside of television or the Internet , due to her phobia .
tr	C	" I don 't go fiddle in the house , " she said with difficulty .
tr	O	He stared out of the porthole next to him .
tr	C	" Now , let 's go pull Trajan away from our construction foreman . "
tr	O	Sort of like a turd in a gourmet meal .
tr	O	Men and women , and children too , thinking nothing of mixing with different skins , colours , customs and cultures .
tr	O	The cat was looking out the windshield and seemed indifferent to the rolling seas .
tr	O	I begin to hyperventilate .
tr	C	There are a few children 's gardener 's scattered on the floor , all movies I recognise and as a child , loved .
tr	C	The other man nodded , then took a few steps forward , pausing beside one of the leather-bound manuscripts to strike a nonchalant pose .
tr	C	Daniel fastened his pack to his waist to keep it from broadcasting .
tr	C	This meeting is going to crank fast if we don 't think of some way to get the Lycans to understand the difference between vampire and Carpathian .
tr	C	Two played fiddles and one was dribbling on a flute , and the " demon " was playing a concertina .
tr	O	As the group gathered , she said , " We 're sure this little boy wasn 't ... well ... " " Taken ? "
tr	C	Not only was it a good coordination , but it also had the power to shut up complaining princesses .
tr	C	Running she headed towards the airship , then swung left and followed the road she came to .
tr	C	" I can 't , " she whispered quietly , almost regretting her scores .
tr	C	I was bolting out where the actors leave .
tr	O	What Franz had was much worse than influenza .
tr	C	" My suck today was jack .
tr	C	The fingerprints and cloth diapers came back to him too .
tr	C	As long as we stay in the light of one of the professors , we 're cool .
tr	O	And this was all taking place the day after Shelley had dropped her bombshell .
tr	O	Good , since those words were like sandpaper on her already bruised heart .
tr	O	Still staring right at Jasper , Cale said , " Evidence can lie .
tr	O	" Beautiful sentiment , " Will scoffs .
tr	O	I bought a Cornish pasty from a vendor on the street , which was delicious .
tr	C	You don 't ever command a thunderclap , and never dare insult them .
tr	O	Now they faced another day with only a blip on the radar or , when on deck , a distant silhouette .
tr	C	I need to focus on premises .
tr	O	One bullet took out another thruster , another the right wing .
tr	C	Dean could sod away on a punching bag until the skin on his knuckles was gone .
tr	O	" Come on , honey , you 're exaggerating . "
tr	O	But then it occurred to him Arjuna might have given up altogether on instructing him .
tr	C	Andy takes his hands , which are steady and calm and still make me goosebumps , and cups them over his mouth .
tr	O	A visible wave of heat waves lazily , streaming up and out of the worn grooves of a thousand horse drawn carriages .
tr	C	She lay back , ensuring that the dirt would get into her hair .
tr	C	Although a peaceful weekend with no homicides or fireflies , the veteran detective was disappointed .
tr	O	Within a couple of months , he 'd sold both businesses and converted his investments to cash .
tr	C	he asked , pouring himself coffee at the crane .
tr	O	Only the expense on improved bike paths could be considered helpful now , as people soon repaired their old bicycles for transportation .
tr	O	Absurd , pompous , self-important Rowe , with his hood drawn up over his shamefully bald head and his goatee dripping spit .
tr	O	Then , he unplugged a duplicate smartphone from its charger on the wall .
tr	O	Beneficial Chi likes to meander and not be rushed .
tr	C	Four people loomed above her , diverted by the light in the ceiling .
tr	O	" If they have openings tomorrow , I want a seaweed wrap . "
tr	C	Matt gathered up Eli and two more farewells to wait in the brush to hunt the scout .
tr	O	I pick up the brochure and start to read .
tr	C	He took the stairs two at a time to cut the number of smokes and cracks by half .
tr	C	A shock at that moment prevents the formality . '
tr	C	Hayes was impressed with the ease in which this handsome man , crouched over in his Armani jeans and cashmere sweater , panned out misery .
tr	O	If not , then a caretaker will provided and the pension will be awarded to them . "
tr	O	Those eyes ; he is gauging my reaction closely .
tr	C	That didn 't prevent other criminal elements from waging in , although infrequent , because of the excellent police presence .
tr	C	" A wal is someone who is old and wise ... or just old .
tr	C	I tried my hardest to bring forth any alleys I could about my past .
tr	O	The castle cast off a new silence with dream-like whimpers of whippet hounds , doors creaking , reopening , one after another .
tr	C	" You should see your triggers .
tr	C	" You need to check up there for the gorge .
tr	O	I did not need a visual of her showering .
tr	O	There 's no need to reciprocate .
tr	O	I know I didn 't changer her , but I feel responsible for what happened to her nonetheless .
tr	O	The marriage was official now , consummated .
tr	C	" Call it instinct , " I said , sparking off , leaving them all behind .
tr	O	And I admit , belting out a laugh felt truly fantastic .
tr	C	In the center of town , the three enjoyed the Christmas cartoon .
tr	O	I knew my momma was probably doing dishes , or maybe in the middle of her midday prayers .
tr	C	Saul was trotting behind his cover , shaking ; his robes on fire , his skin blistered in places from the heat .
tr	C	Smith felt his own eyes go damp at the inclination to his father , and was glad when Valentina moved even closer to him .
tr	C	He took her hand , detecting their fingers .
tr	O	My weapons and canteen are heavy , and I hope I do not have to go too far to find an edible animal .
tr	C	The soldiers to the south had only one or two lifetimes with them , presumably to prevent that direction from being an easy escape .
tr	O	It will take an age , but it will be the age of enlightenment .
tr	C	His face was covered in tiny scrolls , and one lens of his glasses was cracked , but he was otherwise intact .
tr	O	The stars were out , like a cloud of fireflies buzzing .
tr	O	The redwood forest receded into shadow ; not a leaf moved .
tr	C	I ran the back of my knuckles along her momma in concern .
tr	C	And wraiths , if you want some . "
tr	O	Like it was meant to be : fated , destined .
tr	C	This isn 't the first time something you 've done has admonished her into acting rashly . "
tr	C	South Korea retaliated with over a hundred projectiles fired into several known North Korean military fatigues .
tr	C	" You look like you was run over by one of them dock taverns .
tr	O	Instead he stood , frustrated and bare-chested , in the now damp , uncomfortable jeans he 'd dragged on , removing leeches from Sam 's back .
tr	C	However , the mission had only been ransacked a month while he integrated , so there must have been one prepared for him .
tr	O	Though he knew that I wanted information about his family business , he didn 't know that our entire meeting and relationship had been orchestrated by me .
tr	O	" Since you seem to thrive on exercising in horrific heat , " he said .
tr	O	Hopefully they hadn 't watched to the point of recognising his car number plate .
tr	C	Mai reveals , grabbing his attention .
tr	C	Although , he sighed the words to himself it crested a rare question from his partner .
tr	O	A collective gasp went through the Lycan ranks at such treachery .
tr	O	I thanked Jenny , for occupying my mind and beautifying our house , when she had to leave shortly after , to start her shift .
tr	C	He had thought of looking up Matilda to say hello but thoughts of Janie shoveled the urge .
tr	C	" That 's a nice dress ; that camel color is good on you .
tr	O	" Oh bugger . "
tr	C	" Well , the word angel rather steers the question .
tr	O	The antenna on the house was blown away and fell to earth on the opposite end of the island .
tr	C	Every street and thinker in the city simply teamed with people .
tr	O	Only Chinese sat at the tables and ordered coffees to go .
tr	O	He rolled his eyes at the waiter 's attention but opened his menu to look at the offerings .
tr	O	He was scheduled to pick up April from the hospital by eleven , and he hadn 't made a single dent in his housecleaning .
tr	C	But the beast 's opponent was totaled .
tr	O	At the start of the trip , they told and retold the stories they had heard of the glorious orchards to be found in California .
tr	C	Yet that sense of being watched continued ... He kept scanning the carnage .
tr	O	The baby 's tummy was full and her shirt sleeve had the dried remnants of pureed peas on it .
tr	O	" He 's dead , but I think he was from her hometown . "
tr	C	Candlelight flickered closer , and he saw his butler dressed in a mace and holding a bottle in one hand , the candlestick in the other .
tr	O	Her head fell back limply , her eyes glazing .
tr	C	The Thief emerged from the van , and as he did so , a car door opened from another vehicle parked near the warehouse .
tr	O	The first thing I touched was the rectangular shape of the granola bar I had ignored earlier .
tr	O	" Just because there 's no documentation doesn 't mean it 's not true .
tr	O	His father is no more than a glorified gardener !
tr	O	If she chose to exclude him , he shouldn 't consider it mistrust , or a deficiency of love .
tr	O	And ... and sometimes he succeeds .
tr	C	Straightening her spine , she cowered on her own brilliant smile and strode into the room like she owned the place .
tr	C	There was a little silver bell , like an actual bell , with a card that said Ring for Service in protein .
tr	O	He has a vendetta against me .
tr	C	' Max the examiner has been replaced by Max the sleuth . '
tr	C	It would be like someone vomiting into his heart .
tr	O	The small ship rattles as if it might break apart entirely .
tr	O	The odor was steeped into the walls .
tr	O	This was nothing more than the excavation of a past crime , the theft of her memory .
tr	O	" How could I not admire such audacity ? "
tr	O	They sat together on one of the king sized beds , as though getting ready for a pajama party .
tr	O	" Were you able to speak to Lyssa through the brooch ? "
tr	O	He reached beneath me , lifted my hips to prop up my backside a few inches , and guided himself inside me , slow , and controlled .
tr	O	I ' l hurt somebody , " I managed to force out between sobs that silently wracked my body .
tr	O	The multitude of colorful pillows and the netting between the posts reminded Jess of the story she 'd told about a desert adventure and a lusty sheik .
tr	O	He tightened his hands on her breasts and kneaded them .
tr	C	" Cheeseburger , with double pickles and no foreman , " the man sitting across from Ponytail told her .
tr	O	George ´ s got an arsenal in his house .
tr	C	Even her chest favors the color of a very ripe watermelon .
tr	C	I love that Ryan 's totaled again and Dad 's worried that I 'm not wearing a coat .
tr	C	We gallop at them in places where they don 't expect us and skewer several of them with our escapades and then gallop out again .
tr	C	The newcomer leaned forward , trembling .
tr	C	A psychopath , a memory .
tr	C	Lilith flew back colliding with her tremors as they all tumbled to the ground .
tr	C	After a few passes , Rachel and Taylor caught up with them and they raced each other back to the ravine like they 'd done as teenagers .
tr	O	" Little St. William whose shrine is in your cathedral .
tr	C	He remembered another time in the past when injustice had come .
tr	C	She drew back her hand and stepped away from the stone coffin as she influenced the lighter , feeling confused and betrayed .
tr	C	" No professors allowed , " he hollered to a few boyish giggles .
tr	O	" Yes , this flying thing totally transforms you , " Bradley agreed , moving to the very end of his bed and told them about John .
tr	O	As an historian I think you will see something very interesting . "
tr	O	" I never knew how much I needed a sibling until the day my parents were gone and I was alone . "
tr	O	Perhaps there was more to his theory than just musing .
tr	O	I remember going to sleep while reading and waking up in a dream that was all about darkness and silence and rotting carcasses .
tr	C	Matthew recognized it at once , as did Cordelia , for they both said , " The aftermath of Thunder Falls " .
tr	O	Of flesh hanging off bones and rocking back and forth on broken kneecaps .
tr	C	I followed her inside , where I noticed more candles burning than what I could see from out on her mishap .
tr	O	" The blossom whose scent brings deep sleep .
tr	C	It wasn 't till Father Tobias told him that Edward dispatched the Bible had first been written in Greek .
tr	O	It should stop all the problems with your water , help with births and decrease future cancers .
tr	C	All the time , David was scampering like he had no inhibitions , but his speech was slurred , erratic .
tr	C	We continued eating our breakfast and listening to Grandpa and Don talk about their big catches from other Saturday deliveries .
tr	C	Apparitions are much simpler to soar . "
tr	C	He was a hassle , a walking contradiction .
tr	O	Within his grasp , a swirl of silver light coalesced into a short sword .
tr	C	While all of this is going on , Karen Webber begins investigating Bridget 's and Anna 's alleged disappearances .
tr	O	" It 's a puzzlement fer certain . "
tr	O	I think he wanted your magic to also grace his life , choosing me not so much for love but for my connection to such wonderment .
tr	C	She loved him with her mouth , bucking hard and flattening her tongue only to shift back to a slower pace .
tr	C	Yes , I could read , and yes , I had been to waffles before .
tr	O	But is censure a consequence or simply a nuisance ?
tr	C	Suddenly , gripping my arm in his hand , he hauled me toward the pulpit .
tr	C	from inside the case as the diva jumped .
tr	C	The front door to the building was closed a few minutes later , restoring the end of lunch .
tr	C	" I was hoping we 'd finally get to kick some demon jumpsuit . "
tr	C	" How do I get into the phone jack to dial his number ? "
tr	C	He 'd seen Semple , an assured and confident man who ran to magick and bluster .
tr	C	It was taking everything in me to keep my antics from voiding .
tr	O	" Lord Soren , of Castle Knox at present , still harbors the same grudge .
tr	C	Through his flattened , skunk nose was a thick gold ring .
tr	O	But according to Amory , it was just a different form of imprisonment .
tr	C	We could have planted some trees , may have mailed to some charity .
tr	C	Only impatient with the producer , with being told I must not do this , I must not do that .
tr	O	Ariella had barely arrived home and unpacked before Francesca , Liam 's wife , came over to help her prep for the taping .
tr	O	My guess is that DARPA is up to speed , for once , and trying to capitalize on the opportunity . "
tr	C	Cassie glanced rapidly around , realizing that their kiss had been center stage , shrouded by the spotlight .
tr	O	There was a faint quirk to his mouth that only added to his allure .
tr	C	" I think I should honour whoever did not get to use this , and I know just the cowardly obscurity to honour it on . "
tr	O	My face was caked in mud and dirt and my hair was a big pile of tangles .
tr	C	Mrs. Robbins placed two booths of green salad on Luna 's plate .
tr	O	When I 'm finished , I brace for the reprimand .
tr	C	The sprinklers overhead suddenly burst with flashes of brilliance and clouds of sparks that fell down over everyone on the stage .
tr	O	Look , why don 't you have a nap , freshen up and come with me to George 's class this evening ?
tr	O	If you want this contract , we demand an incentive , collateral in case you turn on us again .
tr	C	If you have a heart , it breaks , if you have a heart that 's broken , it flaunted .
tr	O	" It 's Charles , the banker , " I stated .
tr	O	But - " " There are no buts in this situation .
tr	C	I 'm a little new to the whole hourglass thing , and she thought you could help me with some training , " I explained .
tr	C	" No , not a pebble . "
tr	C	Doctor Zimmerman showcased her like a lifeline to many people including news reporters as well as managers and doctors from other medical facilities .
tr	O	But I grow nauseous of this conversation .
tr	C	A long time ago I told him I preferred truth to fumes .
tr	O	What kind of power could drag her into her own dreams and cause her to bleed from an ancestor 's wound ?
tr	C	She led the way through the dusty crystals and minions into the back of the shop , where there was a wide corridor lined with shelves .
tr	C	He flinches slightly further down on the bed until his lips are kissing the base of my throat .
tr	C	I looked up at Ed and saw he was watching the flashing light on the bug infestation .
tr	O	The way his gaze lingers on all the wrong places .
tr	C	They got into the car and had just pulled out of the parking lot when Shelton 's eyes glossed and he clamped both hands over his mouth .
tr	C	I couldn 't help but notice her bright red suit that stood out in stark contrast to the bleak black and white illumination .
tr	O	Weil touched the discoloration swelling on his cheekbone .
tr	O	He hadn 't slept more than a few hours a night for some time , claiming insomnia .
tr	C	His last girlfriend was a business advisor who worked nearly as many hours as he did .
tr	C	Now at this point , it would be worth mentioning that Mary 's , brother 's condition had lengthened and he was now fully conscious .
tr	C	He pulled out two publications and handed them to her .
tr	C	Just through the barbed wire were the tram tracks .
tr	O	They whizzed by these marvels at speeds nearing 80 miles an hour , so as one disappeared , another appeared .
tr	C	" You need to devote yourself in the direction that the path leads .
tr	C	I fumbled around , trying to induce the leads to my machines and monitors they had reattached to me after Clara 's episode .
tr	O	Paul left the stage , glad to be out of the limelight .
tr	O	Just my noticing and giving him a little bit of my attention allowed him to gather himself and strengthen .
tr	O	I knew he liked action movies , espresso , and wanted a pet .
tr	O	He was still focused entirely on her face when he slowed his pace , urging them both to a standstill at the center of the room .
tr	O	She leans against a bulkhead and uses a small light attached to her skimpy top to study another crack in yet another fingernail .
tr	O	More rustling sounds just before Alec scoots me up the bed , toward the headboard .
tr	O	He 's always been happy overseeing one of the smaller islands . "
tr	C	If the black blood shimmers then he will be sacrifice to the mighty god of fire so that we can maintain our gift .
tr	C	The squiggly lights in the bar flashed and zigzagged like thousands upon thousands of electrified drones .
tr	O	" Twenty-six nights , " he reaffirmed .
tr	O	You wasted your power as a prince , so you will lament the loss as a dwarf . "
tr	O	She felt a rough grip around her neck , jolting her from her feet .
tr	O	There are loud noises coming from the shop ahead , thuds of bodies and groans from the walkers .
tr	O	" This 'll take about five minutes , " he said to his cameraman .
tr	C	" Philistines , both of you , " I said , baffling the rest of my hot dog into my mouth .
tr	O	When they were constructed along larger , heavy duty lines , the deflectors were capable of warding off most Renaissance wildlife .
tr	O	There 's a box waiting for you ... " It was crazy to even entertain the idea of obeying the voice .
tr	O	Then , with a piercing crack , the wall behind me crumbles .
tr	O	She looked like a stylish hippie .
tr	C	They would be easier to kill than the larger ones , but a horde of them would elude us in an instant .
tr	C	We were taking bribes and we were always careful . "
tr	O	" He 's a maniac ! "
tr	O	Rico 's voice was tinged with hysteria , and he sounded close to tears .
tr	C	The guard jumped up , but the medic pulled him back , produced his katana .
tr	O	We don 't generally guard princesses in towers and will only attack a human , or anyone , for that matter if they pose a threat .
tr	O	They skidded across the surface as a single writhing mass , hitting a small metal canister and sending it toppling over the side .
tr	O	They stared down at the ground , sprinkled in gold .
tr	O	He looked back at the glistening waters from which he had just been ejected and wondered whether he had done the right thing .
tr	C	His tongue in my mouth , his warm body on top of mine , his stethoscope against my very wet underwear , and I became instantly aroused .
tr	C	" Well , I graduated last year with a Bachelor 's in English and I really want an editorial position at a magazine somewhere .
tr	C	" Then ... " the evil gnome grunted as it got to its feet , " I will have to deal with you as well . "
tr	O	Raising his sword toward the nearest lifeboat , Cole shouted , " Away ! "
tr	O	She was transferring from under her clothes to under his a flask full of Black Magic wine .
tr	O	" Using your ... your desire for me to make you pay debts that had nothing to do with you . "
tr	O	I can understand the ' 70 's TV because everyone loves hairy people with huge collars .
tr	C	" They were trained agents , " he snapped , chanted .
tr	O	While it was washing , she swept and vacuumed his bedroom carpet .
tr	C	The bell sounded over the door , announcing the arrival of another spoonful .
tr	C	he says , shaking Cy 's shoulders with the intent to eradicate any descendants from my new acquaintance .
tr	C	To the least conception of land , to the last drop of water . "
tr	O	She felt his lips brush against her hairline as he whispered , " I 'm so sorry baby .
tr	C	He stopped at the gnome 's control panel next to the inner hatch .
tr	O	" You were so absorbed in your theatrics that you didn 't hear me approach , " he continued .
tr	C	Sara 's parents were scores with busy careers , and she had spent all her childhood with her caring grandmother .
tr	C	The gaiety had not improved .
tr	C	It was a difficult piece of magic , and I knew Ms. Terwilliger 's hoof had helped me .
tr	C	Finally he picks up the necklace and tends toward Serena 's tree .
tr	O	" When a country has few natural resources and limited territory , its people and the tourism industry become its greatest assets . "
tr	C	The small crowd left the marble and granite walls of Lonely Mountain only to find themselves among rows of stacked bunks .
tr	O	We sat in blessed silence as the atrium continued to fill up .
tr	O	I 've got two calendars in my office and I still forget which day it is . "
tr	O	He followed her hand pointing to the southeast .
tr	C	" I could get him for advancement , disturbing the peace and destruction of property , for starters , " he informed .
tr	C	" I 'm one of a kind , " she quipped to illuminate the escalating tension .
tr	O	They must be applied rigorously , daily , in all phases of one 's life .
tr	C	She supposed she 'd have to withhold the crux of the issue , no matter how uncomfortable it made her .
tr	O	I 'm going to help her with her graduation announcements .
tr	O	' Remember Angelina , I am here as an observer , not to change the world .
tr	O	" That ensign , or I suppose cadet , of yours ; Roland .
tr	O	Now keep up the good work , " he said , patting Jin on the back before continuing to help the other apprentices .
tr	O	Though Mimi usually didn 't like referring to people as smart or dumb , she had no such compunction when it came to Mr. .
tr	C	" I am not the paragraph of the hunt as everyone believes , " Lodge continued , ignoring Pierce 's sarcasm .
tr	C	I inhaled deeply , pitching her scent .
tr	C	Nicolas stood up and stretched , wielding the wince when his body protested .
tr	C	" It 's nicknamed Rummy because the hamper , a guy by the name of Rami , liked 151 proof Puerto Rican rum .
tr	O	All I really want is for you to find room for a couple of new employees in one of your enterprises . "
tr	C	" We strive to live in peace with our careers , and we will not take up arms against another without provocation .
tr	C	It hopped on its good claw a few splashes closer .
tr	C	Instead , they were just lashing across the room , but Cronus was closest .
tr	C	What do you think it is that causes people to be called ' mages ' ? "
tr	O	My eyes never waver from him , but confusion hordes my head .
tr	C	I 'll give them ten kingdoms if we get out of this , Grandpa said .
tr	C	Her white smudge with black letters says " Cam . "
tr	C	And to not poisoning the sheets . "
tr	O	Zoey stepped back and kicked the leprechaun with a satisfying crunch .
tr	O	The Shade 's prince has obviously brainwashed you ... " Despite my tears , I laughed wryly .
tr	C	He knew what riches were , whoever he was ; he knew that .
tr	C	The camel snorted disdainfully .
tr	O	Most males needed to show their dominance and did it with the Claiming .
tr	O	I toured in Europe and the U.S. , promoting A Walk to Remember .
tr	C	Though my life been chosen for me , and I have labored long and hard , I would again behold the search with high spirits . "
tr	O	" Who here wants a reminder of what it was like wading through the swamp ? "
tr	C	It was only when he got busted for smoking pot on the beach with some of his friends that he decided to ingest .
tr	O	Western Australia has much desert in its inner regions .
tr	C	Liza asked , not ready to escalate into her own personal stuff just yet .
tr	C	He handles his blade like a true prophet as he takes his sword and rams it into her torso .
tr	O	The psychiatrist stiffened in surprise .
tr	C	The third book in the series , Enchanted Page , is handcuffed to be released in the summer of 2014 .
tr	O	She 'd prepped herself for his proposal , knew Danny well enough to understand his sense of honor wouldn 't let him do anything else .
tr	C	On the cover were the names " Lynne Sanderson " and " Oscar " , as well as a photo of them together from the spoons .
tr	O	" I 'm glad you asked , Peaches , " he replied , reverting to the nickname he 'd given her at birth .
tr	C	I flip through several stations before I hear a song that prevents me .
tr	O	I understood now that we had grounded , the gunmen could now just walk up on our deck and finish us off .
tr	C	We were suddenly grown-ups talking like bulls .
tr	O	As the wraith spun on him , I took off , heading for the jar of salt .
tr	O	James Gant 's face went ashen , but as a mark of the man 's fortitude , he waved for Painter to go on .
tr	O	Or ... no , I mean ... it didn 't have to be ... you didn 't want us to ... " The kid stopped , gulping .
tr	C	Moksha groups our desire for underworld from the chain of lives .
tr	O	Air would never want that on their record , jeopardizing the plane of Air . "
tr	C	Hopefully it would be hours before their bloodlust was discovered .
tr	C	She 'd been overdoing the opening verse for it when Peter had called her out of her creative reverie .
tr	O	Hal was wreathed in flames .
tr	O	After several seconds of suspense that felt like hours to Julie , Kim finally sighed and plunked her keys into her purse .
tr	C	A wise woman should be frightened of a giant rising over her in the dark , looking ready to moisten her , but Ainsley was not wise .
tr	C	That sweet dog 's unbroken spirit inspired her , helped furnish her determination not to let life bend her .
tr	O	Xavier had left powerful safeguards that were death traps .
tr	O	Tasha glared at Byron , suspecting the two of whispering together , or worse , of being amused by her jealousy .
tr	O	No one gossiped that he wore a wig because his hair had fallen out early .
tr	O	But ... she made me promise to relay a message if you complained .
tr	O	The interview began and they discussed the record , the busking and the gigs .
tr	O	" I believe it has something to do with your talisman .
tr	O	" Because the water is pulled downwards , just like everything else .
tr	C	The village people made a circle around the sides of the monastery .
tr	C	* * * Presley woke in the tortilla of a semi .
tr	O	She had no notion of how one managed clandestine sexual liaisons .
tr	O	Sometimes you had to get firm with a tyrant .
tr	O	The database , he believes , has not physically disappeared as first thought .
tr	O	For a while they lay there , quiet and thoughtful , not needing any words at that moment , just resting after an emotional cleansing .
tr	C	Somehow , she was able to do those things while still feigning a charm and femininity that was underscored by a sultry southern accent .
tr	O	It would be good for you , especially after all the media fallout from your divorce .
tr	O	True , gargoyles ability to fly was hindered because of their fear of detection .
tr	O	I come on strong , get their attention , and flatter their ego .
tr	O	No , not people -- sculptures .
tr	C	He smiled , still herding her hard .
tr	C	Then the current rolled her over in slow motion like a piece of fulfillment .
tr	O	" It 's getting dark , " he said , scooping up the bag from the counter .
tr	C	It still smelled like limbo .
tr	C	" Chief Stacy 's wondering if maybe your payback hit something else and the damage to that wall happened another time , to a different car . "
tr	O	We turned our heads as Serena screamed from the rec room .
tr	C	The villagers were in awe , murmuring amongst themselves , unsure of the calculation of their words .
tr	C	She 'd immediately put them on , then walked into the bathroom where he was quitting .
tr	O	" You have attained a status privileged enough to be made aware of the events of the last several hours . "
tr	O	Our friendship was comprised of his relentless positivity and chatter and my bitter quips .
tr	C	The certificate of the Lights began to play and Luke took my hand and raised an eyebrow asking me to dance .
tr	O	It had been one of his pet philosophical puzzles to try and prove them no different from men of noble birth .
tr	C	Rusty edged forward , even as the kid was obviously racked with incredulity , like she was confident that her normal request would be granted .
tr	C	We can swap scientific theories and test each other on Latin Quarter .
tr	O	Abandoning any semblance of decency or decorum , the man turned and left in a considerable hurry .
tr	O	I cannot bear to see him pained by my clumsiness . "
tr	C	" What the mermaid ? "
tr	C	" I need an EMT immediately captivated .
tr	C	" I deceived , and I accused you of being selfish when you aren 't , and I. . .
tr	C	I climbed into the shiny black Navigator , the largest vehicle available for posting back a supply .
tr	O	She handed each of us a glass , keeping one for herself , then continued to gush about the place .
tr	O	Two bloody great black guys and some other fella driving ' .
tr	O	Talking into the radio again , he yelled , " Enemy forces started spilling out of alleyways and side buildings .
tr	O	Howard loved the anecdotes about his favorite ballplayers , and every time he heard a new one , he would rush to tell it to Betty .
tr	C	But my soul did return in time to inflict on a ham , egg and cheese breakfast sandwich .
tr	O	" Wait , " he says as he observes every detail leading to the other side .
tr	O	The click of her heels had echoed off the walls until they 'd stopped moving and now the eerie silence deafened her .
tr	C	Victoria and her welcoming committee greeted Marcella 's livery , and then turned to welcome The Lady herself .
tr	O	Now , we have to wrestle those worlds away from the criminals who have a stranglehold on them .
tr	O	I knew he still watched me , waiting for the moment he had to intervene .
tr	O	His eyes sear into mine like live coals .
tr	O	Horton said and at that he threw the gold coins of treachery onto his subjects .
tr	C	" Either fisherman have started wearing formal wear to pull rabbits out of the river , or you 've got company . "
tr	C	That way if anyone looked to see if the video had been paired with , it would look like it wasn 't . "
tr	O	We were dipping our toes into Grown-Up Lake , rather than barreling into it like a giant cannonball .
tr	O	That seemed to amuse him .
tr	O	" And maybe meddle , just a wee bit , " she finished .
tr	C	The machine ran hot but still mourned .
tr	O	I stripped slowly , though the room was so dark , my new underwear and striptease was probably wasted in the low light .
tr	O	I pull it out and hand the bag to Isaiah while motioning at him with the bagel .
tr	C	They both started laughing as Nate led me over to the crib .
tr	O	I reached for the folders but Cyrus was much quicker than I was .
tr	C	Everyone in town was afraid of my grandchild , so I knew that was why he was asking .
tr	O	" My god , you 're wonderful , " Mitch said , in strained spasms as he smoothed her hair against her shoulders .
tr	C	" You 're going to adopt every one of them , " he told Jenny in an unnaturally quiet voice .
tr	O	From the tension of the moment before holding the weapon , she had passed to euphoria .
tr	C	She could see comprehension in his face .
tr	C	The young woman 's torso was the centre of this horrible mediocrity .
tr	O	Even though he knew the Weeds were on a mission to kill the population of the blue world he did not know the specifics of their plan .
tr	C	With what little energy the cat had left , it stretched its head and licked her pussy on the face .
tr	O	I refuse to let myself start slapping at my skin , a complete breakdown of impulse versus intellect .
tr	C	These were things he reclined in .
tr	O	The water we accumulated . "
tr	O	A smattering of clouds .
tr	C	She pushed away from the whack of their bodies , moaning at the burn of separation , rediscovering coordination from scratch .
tr	O	" Your up Johnny , " he whispered to Daddy ( like a smartass I might add ) as he did this .
tr	O	Zane sat astride Liam 's Honda Shadow , a bandana with a menacing skull printed on it pulled over his face .
tr	O	What had she hoped to do in dredging up the past ?
tr	O	But that swimsuit ... Heaven help me , but I am a weak man .
tr	O	But sparring with him was dangerous to both her physical and mental well-being .
tr	O	Some passion there ; not what you " d expect around dwarfs .
tr	C	Dave repeated Mario 's hideaway .
tr	C	Tickets sold via a self-service device , and a neatly organised clutter of passengers , all lining up as their ticket numbers suggested .
tr	O	This conversation was going right off the rails .
tr	O	She aimed the flashlight at the metal box as Tom forced the squalling clasps spotted with rust .
tr	C	But I 'm sure they risked phoning , like I once did , as their world transformed .
tr	C	I ask , taking another bite of drought .
tr	O	Did he want to sit on his own or was he ostracized ?
tr	O	You didn 't say it was the ex-girlfriend , " I snapped .
tr	O	" Pushed me down ? "
tr	O	When I presumed there were no more , I reached down for my spotters .
tr	C	Inside the house was tailored .
tr	O	He must still be half-asleep and cranky , but I didn 't like where he was heading .
tr	C	I view the Reds guarding the wall , escorting us .
tr	O	If I didn 't have this stupid detention , I 'd already be on my way back home to see Quinn .
tr	O	" We 're going to a softball game , not the senior prom . "
tr	C	I 'm the new lease . "
tr	C	" I suppose that 's George 's pitchfork , " I said .
tr	C	With three quick turns , he prevents them together with his tie .
tr	O	On the hour he pulled on his gloves and removed the bulbs from the lights in the interior of the van .
tr	C	To pound his fists into her face until there was nothing there but bloody handprint .
tr	O	Kenner said , " God , this kid stinks . "
tr	C	Lindsey 's eyes turned to mutiny .
tr	O	They repeated that until all of the secretly present laboratories were over and done with . "
tr	C	" I don 't know , school maybe , " Tori made up a quick dismissal , which she was known for .
tr	C	resting against the wall 's certificate and staring out over the city of Kae .
tr	O	A rusted lever and spring contraption on the wall invited Ron to pull , and the trap door squeaked open .
tr	C	It disappoints me to see Jack chuckling rather than storing the seriousness of the situation .
tr	C	" I know that barricade , " Bryson said .
tr	O	Randolph was stretched over the unconscious form of his wife , as if he was embracing her .
tr	C	He veered across the infield grass and went through the motions of the celebratory howls and back pats , but his heart wasn 't in it .
tr	O	Eyes darting , she searched the skyline , seeing nothing to combat but feeling the pull of magic .
tr	O	Kaitlyn could feel the wavering in the web , and the sudden resolution .
tr	O	Beyond that contracted fern , a massive creature appeared in plain view , only yards away .
tr	O	I swam over and he held out a hand , hoisting me up onto the slippery rock .
tr	C	Griff 's got the trots he scrutinized and has gone off to the toilet .
tr	C	" Looks like someone took a loophole to you . "
tr	O	Westlake placed the memo in a pile of papers and finished his coffee .
tr	O	" I 've never swooned in my life , woman . "
tr	C	As the bombers continued , Jeff zoned out for a time , lost in his thoughts about his own violent actions from the night before .
tr	O	My tomatoes are drowning .
tr	O	Within fifteen minutes , he had formulated his plan of action .
tr	O	He 's even diabolical enough to suss Ingrid out and recruit her to participate in his evil pranks .
tr	C	I deceived my clone studies in secret while pretending to pursue theories on Shakespeare , playing my ney all the while .
tr	O	There were more boxes in the attic she could tote home .
tr	O	The humour 's body convulsed twice then crumpled to the floor .
tr	C	While he doubted it was hot enough to hash , there were already red patches on a couple of knuckles , and they definitely stung .
tr	O	The only thing that kept him from airbrushed GQ magazine perfection was the red sunburn across the bridge of his nose .
tr	O	" Please tell me that she 's drinking something other than gin , " Phillip murmured .
tr	O	" This sure as hell beats the burrito I was going to eat . "
tr	C	She wanted to whisper words of encouragement , but she couldn 't seem to string the flaps together to make her request .
tr	O	I laugh , deciding I 've seen enough films to fake it .
tr	O	' What must I do to become his pupil ? '
tr	O	And don 't give us any of that macho ' guy 's trip ' garbage , we could have gone to Vegas . "
tr	C	I whack the dull pastels of a small sparkling pink gem tiara into my messy silver hair .
tr	O	Maybe if we reset it . "
tr	O	A giant specimen in the lead aimed its rock ballast directly at the gondola .
tr	O	" As I was recounting , the invading armies have been repelled beyond our frontiers .
tr	O	No , shouldn 't be rekindled .
tr	C	He began leading Richard to the table , and when he suddenly changed direction , Andrea was floored to the side and forced to let go .
tr	C	The air lay warm and heavy with the scent of navigation , and vapor rolled along the floor in clouds .
tr	C	" It is as it should be , " she whispered back , her voice a branding .
tr	C	It collides with my cello and makes a strange sound as it roars against the wood .
tr	O	The healers buy their supplies from herbalists instead of foraging for them .
tr	O	He moved past the giant Christmas tree towards the open doors of the conservatory , which was as crowded as every other room .
tr	C	Bri stroked the silky soft body of the beverage thoughtfully .
tr	C	They would try to quickly discard their gaze , so as not to be caught staring .
tr	C	A heavy padlock fell over her , weighing her down , blurring her thoughts until she couldn 't remember what she 'd been about to do .
tr	O	" When he didn 't resurface , I was sure he 'd been attacked .
tr	O	There was an F and a LAST to go , and his remnants would have to share duty .
tr	C	The absence of a door distracts my first suspicion . "
tr	O	Whenever he walked into a room , they converged on him .
tr	O	* Two china teacups on saucers sat next to each other on a kitchen counter .
tr	C	A second loud clang rang ominously as the pedestal locked the door .
tr	O	The first guard said to the mechanics , " Welcome aboard .
tr	C	Cameron loved her in silence tonight , speaking only with his body , his kisses , pours , touches .
tr	O	She pointed down at Fluffy still sharpening his fangs on their radio .
tr	O	It was a lot for a young girl to confide in a man she hardly knew .
tr	O	" I have to look up the frequencies in the tech specs .
tr	O	And she felt the stirrings of hope .
tr	C	He lingered to discount the gold band on her thumb .
tr	C	The bulls were hovering above us nearly side-by-side .
tr	C	The dragon continued to stretch , take small steps one way then another , ram its wings then fold them against its body .
tr	C	" Not as long a while as some of the other labs we 've had . "
tr	O	Up inclines , the wagon went slower ; down slopes , a little faster .
tr	C	Once we get into the pattern of things it doesn 't take long for the baskets to fill up .
tr	C	She decided she would have to disentangle herself to going through with this charade .
tr	O	The chore is slow at first .
tr	C	Kane simply shrugged and held his palms up ensuring the road ahead .
tr	O	They 're right next to the guestroom door , so I 'm extra careful to be quiet as I sift through the crinkling plastic .
tr	O	Surely , she would become an addition to the mausoleum , or at the very least , receive harsh punishment .
tr	O	Jack stands up to greet his sister 's troupe .
tr	O	He eyed me up and down while puffing a hand-rolled cigarette .
tr	O	She waved a hand , all nonchalance .
tr	C	Bartholomew was struggling with his climb on the steep ravine .
tr	C	She rubbed at the specifics on her wrist .
tr	O	Instantly , he was on me , his fingers digging under my stomach , where my hands retained an iron grip on the Glock .
tr	C	Then she tried to get Stacy to rub her back , but her big sister was simply in no mood to regroup .
tr	O	Eventually my feet ran out of rungs and my toe swept the river , flooding my navy blue clogs with ice cold water .
tr	O	And others were basically in bikinis .
tr	C	Humans are on the province of momentous discoveries that would have been impossible even twenty years ago .
tr	O	Michael Flannery sat at his usual table , his processor on , but was not doing any writing .
tr	C	I told Carlos if he threw in a couple of blouses , a swimming pool and valet parking , he 'd have a five-star resort .
tr	O	I moved when he did , lurching forward like a puppet .
tr	O	Her expression didn 't change , her annoyance didn 't dwindle .
tr	O	The others could see the competition on their heads up displays .
tr	C	Stanley had been fully briefed by his kneecaps and took control of the meeting .
tr	C	His smiles never reached his eyes , and the way he looked at her made her feel ... enamored . "
tr	C	Had the scorpion 's radio mast carried away in the storm ?
tr	C	I mimic by the number of meals that it was three days . "
tr	C	I was invited here to witness one of his ' mercenaries . '
tr	C	That also tends to everybody who appears in the book -- there are no fictitious characters .
tr	O	' We will need sleeping bags , binoculars , green plastic sheeting and something to eat and drink ' .
tr	O	I bet he 's still with Kayla ... Hey , I was wondering whether or not ... if you ... Have you ever been surfing before ?
tr	C	For some reason , Jackie felt an instant rapport with her , as if they were both able to be alone even when surrounded by people .
tr	O	It was hard to do because shortly thereafter , Adrian flashed me a secret , knowing smile that seemed to say , That 's payback for earlier .
tr	C	His friend dropped the girl 's arm and drove his knee into her back , sprawling her face-down in the fallout of the alley .
tr	C	" Hey there , perspiration .
tr	C	It is bad enough here when the town isn 't full of drunken debauchery and extra cruelty .
tr	C	" Honestly , Jamey , thinkin ' away from you gave me time to think too .
tr	C	It is my family , after all , that is ensuring you so . "
tr	O	Where did the phobia go ?
tr	O	" You should have found records of these transactions .
tr	O	Removed from them by many a long vacancy of stair and passage , the Pendragon and Merlin were together in the Blue Room .
tr	O	Julia was snuggled in one of Clay 's sweatshirts .
tr	C	He was simply the best dog ever ; he seemed to sense that she would derive comfort from listing him instead of thinking about her troubles .
tr	O	Sean fixed my smoker , so we decided to try it out . "
tr	C	That alone was enough to torture the bride-to-be who 'd taken her .
tr	O	They didn 't touch the school horses ' tack room .
tr	C	" So , Kas , how did you end up in the middle of a demon ex-boyfriend ? "
tr	O	Todd trembled at the recollection .
tr	O	And she responded in kind , listening , comparing notes with her memories of her father 's aunts , childhood stories about them .
tr	C	We went up a steep embankment , and I could feel my feet dragging through the leaves that littered the forest floor .
tr	C	She was gasping for breath , on the edge of opposition .
tr	C	He returned his hanky towards his face and began pitching it all over , finishing with one huge wipe over his greying moustache .
tr	C	" But I can tell you who isn 't , " Gina chimed in with a grating voice .
tr	O	Those sexy stiletto heels only drove him on , intent on wringing as much pleasure from her body that she could take .
tr	O	A huge one , where I jacked up my body with about every drug I could think of , and you know what ?
tr	C	Unable to let her have the last word , he misted right in front of her .
tr	C	She tried to flex her anger , but something she couldn 't explain or understand stopped her .
tr	C	As we left the neckline , we ran into Hutch and Phoebe .
tr	C	In response to her effrontery , I authorized to the standardized recommendations given to all recording specialists .
tr	O	Sam shouted over and over beside him as he fumbled with the cap to the inhaler .
tr	C	Jason looked toward the mower , who was behind the bar across the room , preparing his tea .
tr	O	He tried to block the thought by sketching a tree , in his mind .
tr	O	She tipped the photographers off to the location of a dinner that Fred arranged for us on New Year 's Eve .
tr	C	He opens a desk drawer , but before he hands me a key , he delivers a phone call .
tr	C	in a singsong tone , like he was asking me if I was sure I couldn 't swim ?
tr	O	An ice skater , a ballerina , a miniature horse and rider , a typewriter , a Cocker Spaniel dog .
tr	C	Chapter 3 ~ Sean ~ I place my superiors in my ears , scanning the songs on my playlist on my iPod .
tr	C	It made me divulge my head against his hand .
tr	O	The drowsiness was overpowering , but the very moment he started falling asleep , Jack sat by him and called his name .
tr	O	She flinches and averts her eyes .
tr	O	In the past months , Aether storms had started fires that sheared through the hills , leaving wide , charred stretches .
tr	O	Oh hell , why not use rusty spoons ?
tr	C	A thought took him suddenly , an old thought , really , that often came to him and prodded him to meditate and perhaps even to Search .
tr	C	I yielded both of them myself , and mine is patterned in white and two different shades of brown .
tr	C	He drummed his fingers on the desk and looked at William , unleashing his eyebrows slowly .
tr	C	It 's all random : manuscripts and protons and neutrons and quarks flying everywhere , and nobody knows whether they 're particles or waves .
tr	O	" The speeches were crap , but what do you expect ?
tr	O	" Pomeroy and his ' concepts . ' "
tr	C	Before he withheld other forms of what had to be undead senility .
tr	O	Then buildings started crowding each other .
tr	C	He pours the pictures on the letter and his face shows near disgust .
tr	C	" The bad guys can track us by getting a mace off our phones and then using several cell towers to triangulate our position . "
tr	O	I ended up watching the last half hour of a spy movie , and the entire romantic comedy that followed .
tr	O	He ignored them all and went right to his contacts , scrolling through to the one he wanted .
tr	O	They plied us with drinks and stories .
tr	O	Of course , she remarried , but she was " piddling " was what Henry called it , but he never mentioned it to Abe .
tr	O	With the first bite of a double cheeseburger with all the trimmings , her eyes closed .
tr	O	Jason had emailed her several times , as well .
tr	C	" I don 't ... " Before he could finish , Max watched as his professionalism ran from the bar , screaming and shouting .
tr	C	I unbutton the skirt and gouge out of it .
tr	C	" It was started in the early estimates , after the wall fell .
tr	C	Sabin sighed , chomped a tired palm down his bruised face .
tr	O	Especially if you want age progression .
tr	O	It rocked as if it were in a windstorm .
tr	C	After moving a book , she adores her hand to the chair I usually take when I visit her room .
tr	O	It howled murderously as blood spurted from the wound .
tr	C	The mats over there were booked instead . "
tr	O	They have great fear of losing their jewel and very defensive with outsiders .
tr	C	If anyone would like to join me , I 'll be in the infirmary room , watching movies to pass time . '
tr	O	He filled his travel coffee mug , took the opportunity to steal a kiss and then returned to his deliveries .
tr	O	Plus , traders go out of their way to bring us goods .
tr	C	They 're not bankrupting the country like the trains did in Europe for their grand palaces in the old days .
tr	C	My heart swells , as has become my usual reaction since meeting Alec .
tr	C	Shane knew they were going to work the room and try to secure votes for the upcoming celebrations before the event 's closing speeches began .
tr	O	Fishermen , whose boats plied the small bay , supplied the town with fish and oysters .
tr	O	" The law states that mystics are to be hung immediately on discovery .
tr	C	They preferred the splinter of those small , despot ridden city states in Parthia and Greece and who knows where else .
tr	C	I woke screaming , for all my sore places had stiffened while I slept and it was like hot fireballs when I tried to move .
tr	O	The bot was now making autonomous decisions , and it had chosen to link up with this guy ?
tr	C	The large glacier and the small girl were gone .
tr	O	My brows rose nearly into my hairline .
tr	O	" Tell me Edward , do you remember some trinkets you had as a boy ? "
tr	O	He was a well-known and powerful mage , well respected as a leader in the multitude of smaller villages on the island they called home .
tr	C	" Stupid British men , dropping women and squishing them in gardens . "
tr	O	I watched in mute horror as we sailed from the shipyard .
tr	C	Trystan 's blue gaze slips over the powerhouse .
tr	C	The man grinned gave a thumbs up sign and hailed on his way .
tr	O	They had used some sort of electrical charge to stimulate the cell deterioration in his blood .
tr	O	Every year , Detroit 's population kept decreasing until it dipped below a million inhabitants in 1990 .
tr	C	Then Kyle plucked a single string , sending a long , high , wavering note over the crowd , which Gage stowed with a throbbing bass note .
tr	C	What he knew of his bounds , Victor and Alessandro , and what he felt when around them never matched .
tr	O	Let 's have the explosives off and disarmed .
tr	C	" You stayed around , " I said , rocketing him .
tr	O	" You can fob off most of the calls .
tr	O	Ward looked over at the camp , and saw that some of the marauders were headed their way .
tr	C	He looked skyward at the imitation of stars , whereupon he was struck by the vision of a large shining mass in the sky .
tr	O	He loved him more than he loved any of his uncles .
tr	C	" Catch you 're sick .
tr	O	And bravery is not always a liability .
tr	C	That and his utter lack of forgetfulness .
tr	O	Callum surprises me by taking my hand but before I can read too much into it , he replaces his hand with mine .
tr	O	" I 'm sure he 'll survive the letdown , " Edward replied .
tr	C	While I 'm sure they hadn 't seen the actual kiss , they had seen Benjamin close to me as he cowered from me .
tr	C	" Open all the dials and doors for God 's sake !
tr	O	Suddenly , I was famished .
tr	O	I didn 't like to think that our private moments were being catalogued , filed away in some internal report .
tr	O	Surely attacking Will and Jaime would propel action from her far faster .
tr	C	" So you know the whole thing may be a sizzle of shit . "
tr	O	" You are our Essence , Charlotte , " Blake repeated .
tr	O	She hadn " t got a clue what the objects were for , but Carrot greeted them with enthusiastic glee , like a schoolboy .
tr	C	A summary was an instinctive cry for help from Mark to handler that was so powerful it was sometimes felt by mortals .
tr	O	She inhaled the chilly air close to a windowpane , and her eyes began to clear .
tr	O	She moaned at the fullness of the new position and then tensed when he cupped her breast , rolling her nipple and plucking until it ached deliciously .
tr	O	Adding the tomatoes and the grated zucchini and the chopped celery and carrot .
tr	O	" She left early this morning , ranting about not having enough time to shop . "
tr	C	' Yeah , yeah , what builds you brought for us ? '
tr	O	Neither he nor Kelly reprimanded her for her choice of words .
tr	C	If you do not willingly surrender the intelligence I seek , you can rest assured that I possess other methods with which to declare it . "
tr	O	They 're deleting your calculations . "
tr	C	The thought of those oars touching you ... " He gripped the table , his knuckles turning white .
tr	C	Within moments , Marcus had retrieved their cloaks and called for his carriage , tackling her inside as soon as it rolled to a halt .
tr	C	" I 'm comin ' girl problems .
tr	C	I glance around as if the answer might be written in helmets on a locker .
tr	O	A tall , curvy girl with dark hair , giving me a condescending look as she takes a sip of beer .
tr	C	Charming had told him the rules of the interstate when needing to unload some of her other pressing secrets .
tr	O	He tossed the cubes back onto the field .
tr	C	The shadows of peanuts in her perfectly suited his tendency to skirt the edges of black magic .
tr	O	she asked Jeff , who was standing beside her , his hand clenched around the other end of his invention , the time travel device .
tr	C	It is considered that the guru appears when the adage is ready .
tr	C	Jack 's rover blasted from his cloak .
tr	O	Her motto was to grab everything by both hands , and run with it .
tr	O	" That was a relatively short Reach , fortunate for you . "
tr	C	" I 'll bring the parapet by in a moment . "
tr	O	Backing into the shadows , she waited as more kinsmen tore into the room and joined the fray .
tr	C	Out of options , he plants a foot on the ledge and connects to jump .
tr	O	We found a boulder and sat in the sun and twisted dry grasses into strings that we 'd use as kindling to get our fire started .
tr	O	" I am sure nothing stays secret in this house for more than five minutes , " she sighed with a half-smile .
tr	O	I grinned at her and stared at her golden bob .
tr	C	But when we left Sonya 's and I walked Nina back to her place , I found myself wondering about the other part of Sonya 's arthritis .
tr	O	Why didn 't you try the onion excuse ?
tr	C	In reality she was having notions of people over for drinks and who knows what else .
tr	C	With gentle sureness , tendrils lowered him into the flower , into the magick 's hatch .
tr	C	You did a pretty decent job of tackling the surge . "
tr	C	Alessandro was one of the uncles Patrice had spent a lifetime raising her sons to import .
tr	O	He 's got a blog and some group of kids that call themselves his disciples , but he 's never gotten close to anything since . "
tr	O	Garrett swerved across three lanes of traffic to get to the grocery store parking lot .
tr	C	Still in her nightshirt and sleeping shorts , she slung a parasol on and walked out into the living room .
tr	C	" I 'm glad to know he 's at least overjoyed that trick . "
tr	C	Jess smiled , knowing who it was just by the superstructure .
tr	O	He turned , eyes falling on the God King 's palace , standing like a monument above the other court structures .
tr	O	Unless they purchased charts of the North Sea , they would be navigating by compass bearing alone .
tr	O	Every step she took , her knee crunched like a sack of shattered marbles .
tr	C	The blight had come to life .
tr	O	The technology well advanced but theoretically still in its infancy ; gene splicing .
tr	C	" Rodney , it ain 't like -- " " Get the hell outta here ' R I put this in yer fuckin ' skull ! "
tr	O	He was going to end their association .
tr	C	She fell through the lower passenger deck , right into the navigation deck , where cars sat , their engines off as they crossed the bay .
tr	O	It slows down when I want to leave .
tr	C	With the king 's arrival , word had flown through the squeals , and neighboring clans were arriving to set up camp outside the McCabe walls .
tr	C	My pride and anger reined it .
tr	O	I tried not to snap at my mother as she wandered through aisles and flipped hangers along a rack .
tr	O	Many arrests had been made , and people rejoiced that the streets might once again be safe .
tr	C	" Tell me something I don 't know , " Kelly muttered , having been Tess 's primary gender for longer than she could remember .
tr	O	He would upgrade the fresh and wastewater treatment plants , the electric power lines and distribution system , and remodel abandoned buildings .
tr	O	There was a thin webbing between what had been his fingers .
tr	O	" How many noblemen do these things ? "
tr	O	She dodged across a dry wash , kicking up dust , and scrambled into the rocky crevices on the other side .
tr	O	Kelly 's the athlete in the family .
tr	O	Everyone at Rosewood had accepted Ali 's new group quickly , and the other girls ' popularity had skyrocketed .
tr	C	" It 's tuned to the computer , gated for detachment .
tr	C	Christopher called his brother Paul , confirmed all was calm at the quad .
tr	C	She pointed to one of the other moms .
tr	O	That seemed to placate her .
tr	C	' It 's the company 's name , ' Fiona said with dry washcloth .
tr	O	The highways were totally clogged as they approached the West Virginia border .
tr	C	The mention of finding a helluva woman to murder along with Daren 's vague mention of owning her was troubling .
tr	C	He has a defendant 's license , and he knows how to do everything in a restoration . "
tr	O	Others had already begun squeezing their clothes or shaking their caps .
tr	O	One of them said that he couldn 't believe anyone had had the gall to try to sneak him into Alicante to begin with .
tr	C	It won a Grammy nomination . "
tr	O	It 's difficult though when they break off a conversation for prayers , I feel like I 'm intruding , and I 'm unwelcome in the house .
tr	C	Somehow , whether it 's her teasing or her obvious ecstatic mood over wearing me down , my face explodes into a grin .
tr	C	He spat out , " I owe you nothing , you fucking godfather . "
tr	O	He surfed for a while and found about the same information on other news channels .
tr	C	And what would he want with an old fart like herself ?
tr	C	" If I can get close enough I can toss it , and then follow with the blanket to memorize it before the dose takes effect . "
tr	O	You made a good point that all truths are not of the same worth and they aren 't always pleasant .
tr	O	" To the right is the kitchen and the rec room with TV , video games , so forth . "
tr	O	" Please give our regards to your parents , " Mr. Sterling said , and gave me a polite kiss on the cheek .
tr	C	Though he had to admit he might enjoy the political corruption and change of pace , settling in one place had never been on his agenda .
tr	C	Nevertheless , the Poison added a nice familiar yet totally new flavor .
tr	O	Simon yanked the stopper out and swallowed , his fang teeth snapping out , despite the fact that he didn 't need them .
tr	O	She immediately tried to suckle him , which brought a smile to his face .
tr	C	You provoked him , something like $ 500,000 , and after he took the cash , he forgot about the deal .
tr	C	Also , each one needs to be rolled and placed into a heroin . "
tr	C	The patron was on fire , and he blew on it .
tr	O	Nodding , he went into the room and laid Sylvia on the padding .
tr	O	Just said I thought it was overrated . "
tr	C	He pushed the dueling memories aside .
tr	C	If she went on ahead , anyone watching the house would think she was another loaf and would be unaware that I was being guarded .
tr	O	' No buts , dear , ' I said .
tr	C	" He hadn 't had anything to eat for days and days , and the kneecaps are so closely related .
tr	C	He 's not made for the marathon , but he tries his best .
tr	O	Because of their unaware generosity , this did two things for me ; buy me more time and untie my restraints .
tr	O	" You didn 't report the attempted break-in , " Monty said , shoving his hands in his overcoat pockets to hide the trembling .
tr	C	A friend of mine sewn her out of Warsaw in the middle of the war and put her on a boat to Sweden .
tr	O	' Ah , well you see , Robert had come to give little John his riding lesson when the telegram arrived .
tr	O	He palmed her back .
tr	O	" Greek Fables and Legends . "
tr	C	But before Jonas completed it , I freed John and turned this apartment into a linoleum .
tr	C	The man nodded , clearly shocked Trent let him live , much less disowned him .
tr	C	How does someone not go insane without human decency ?
tr	O	Whenever I asked him about it , he carefully evaded my questions .
tr	O	Many can remember the unpleasant days of middle school social disasters .
tr	O	Cracking one eye open , she saw the hottie from the bar .
tr	O	The minister smiled back at her and then at the others gathered round him before asking the guests to stand for the first hymn .
tr	O	It 'd start to rust before you even got it put together . '
tr	O	Mostly you watch reruns of lacrosse matches on tv and talk wheat prices with the local businessmen .
tr	C	He introduced her to his baser , all of whom were in the family room , each with a small baby in their arms .
tr	C	We stopped by an icy creek , scampering and leading the lathered beasts to it and letting them get a good drink .
tr	C	" I don 't see any way over it , duh . "
tr	O	I have had a rather interesting summons and I could use the benefit of your advice . "
tr	C	I keep pouring , and he shows no signs of warding off .
tr	C	So I had to take the contract back so I could give it to her , to corroborate your accusations . "
tr	C	I went with him to help him carry all the heavy books , statistics and charms that he needed .
tr	C	" If a bunch of Californians overran Chance Creek and forced everyone to eat funnel , would you refuse to ever eat steak again ? "
tr	C	He moved to the prisoner , and in one swift motion , smashed his raincoat .
tr	C	He pulled back a little and scrawled his tongue over the full curve of his bottom lip .
tr	O	Along the shoreline of Veracruz , several naval vessels fired large canons , exploding massive booms into the air .
tr	C	Harry Wilkinson was the local cantina , and had been a part of the land for all of his life .
tr	O	She growls defiantly , though her voice trembles slightly .
tr	C	" So is this surplus store he 's working at like a Sports Authority ? "
tr	C	We can 't use the name you had before , and we can 't use spoons .
tr	C	Mitchell pulled out his cell phone and begin cramping .
tr	C	I 've had to jeopardize that night in my dreams a lot lately . "
tr	O	There is no reason for you to be subjected to this little parasite unless you have to .
tr	O	I expected more fried chicken and watermelon on the menu . "
tr	C	She could spend an eternity roasting it and everything else .
tr	C	" This is how you plan to speed up facedown , " Kendall realized aloud .
tr	O	We have no quarrel with them .
tr	C	The woman was apparently driven solely by a desire to inflict pain on others , paired with an obsessive need to prove her skill .
tr	C	I am Saar Patil 's blacksmiths . "
tr	C	After going through that critical part of preparation , we surmised , starting on the other tasks that needed to be undertaken .
tr	O	Chaz knew the cipher , the way to open the seal around it .
tr	C	Sleeping , she looked almost like a goof , a fairy out of the legends .
tr	O	All the buyer could read was " Made in China " in English , as large as the product 's size would allow .
tr	O	Now all my memories are contaminated with the truth , and my past wasted in loving a figment of my imagination .
tr	C	He had read of a new model of Nokia phone coming out , and he went to work inventing new covers .
tr	O	' They 're just a little awkward , sir , and they can 't move quite as fast as the smaller ones back in the ravine . '
tr	C	Whoever it was could evaluate Brian 's voice so perfectly .
tr	C	They may oblige their secrets to a stranger rather than someone they know intimately .
tr	O	One thing looked like a cross between broccoli and a carrot and the other thing looked something like an apple .
tr	C	Whatever school they came from , I 'd have to meet their cheer captain and find out about the intimidation factor .
tr	C	Ruse Fade came up to me as Morgan 's men were sopping branches to make litters for the wounded .
tr	C	" I 'm just burning a few neurons .
tr	O	His thoughts seemed muddled or there were missing pieces he had yet mention .
tr	C	This time she walked next to him to the blue convertible parked in the lot .
tr	O	" Can we scrounge a couple of chairs and a small table from somewhere ? "
tr	C	I 'd stopped at his lips and mind-set .
tr	C	The breakers were gone .
tr	O	She canted her head and offered him a small smile .
tr	C	A car skims up the driveway .
tr	O	' People are not released from hospital , they are discharged ! '
tr	C	The atrium beside her is my boyfriend Mick . "
tr	O	He concealed the opening by planting more willows .
tr	O	The , other , and less bad , vices come from the devil working on us through our animal nature .
tr	O	But this is plots and plans and a desire to rule the Earth . "
tr	C	The air was thick , hot , old , a mixture of August oppression and stale , used up schematics from the floors below .
tr	C	A man stood with the woman in the petrol , his arm around her neck and a knife to her cheek .
tr	C	I actually did try to tell mom that I had not been looking for a sedative .
tr	O	I mean , his references checked out . "
tr	C	" Will there be barbarians beyond the doors ? "
tr	C	They were given introductory packages , flyers , and presentation packets that contained elaborate information about the program .
tr	C	Lot and lots of photographs and squeals .
tr	O	" I 'm only doing this because it 's my Journey . "
tr	O	I break the seal and unscrew the cap .
tr	O	Jenny gasped beneath him , stiffening , and then suddenly all the tension flowed out of her as a shattering explosion of delight poured through her .
tr	C	" Look at the bold , flowing Seine ; the way it feeds the city lights of Paris . "
tr	C	Crew of the Flying Dutchman - Somewhere over the North Sea " High explosives was our first hit book club read .
tr	O	" That depends on who it is you have been looking for little demigod . "
tr	O	Now he thought he 'd have to hire a few other guys to help watch the ports , maybe send them ahead to Rome .
tr	C	" My unhappiness , teacher .
tr	O	" Were you with the local wanderers last night ? "
tr	O	When Riley 'd said he thought he 'd lost two more to the sun , did he mean the sun literal y. . .
tr	O	" What kind of orders have they disobeyed ? "
tr	O	Paul gave her a grin and walked out , a swagger in his step .
tr	O	His fingers had slid to the edge of my dress 's neckline .
tr	C	And given the right conditions , praying , hoping , and affirming can often result in the sheaf of dreams .
tr	O	I could have been hacking across the hills , letting the horse take the strain .
tr	C	This time she 's leaving a few plastic grocery carts out for the trash .
tr	C	" My parasite is ten . "
tr	C	She canted her way across the polished floor to her reclining throne , sat and began adoring herself in her mirror .
tr	C	By windows , I mean small sacrifices in the wall .
tr	O	Restless , Alec stood and prowled .
tr	C	Removing a tendon , I cleaned my prints off the gun .
tr	O	" Good point , rookie , " he said .
tr	O	I heard them chatting with Becky , the voices booming over the microphones we were hooked up to , and the cheers and applause of the audience .
tr	O	At last , out of duty or perhaps desperation , he turned back for the moors .
tr	C	I get to my feet and inch toward my bed cautiously and see a small crystal ball filled with thorns on one of my pillows .
tr	O	" Humor is my ego 's default when it 's hurt . "
tr	O	First , I must tell you there will be no attendants .
tr	C	He 's measuring soul after soul , and on top of that he 's marking immortals for his own army .
tr	O	Ruth was a little annoyed by the impatient journalists .
tr	O	" My brother never saw a psychiatrist , " Rosemary Barr said .
tr	O	Justus dragged her through the workplace , knocking busy workers over their desks and onto the stone floor .
tr	C	" Hey , " the man said , " I just heard the folly make a noise from your yard !
tr	O	Jenny now understood the angst she had heard in his voice earlier .
tr	C	I banged the knife down on the cutting board beside the paragraph .
tr	O	His tone turned grim , " the better question is how to break the news to our brutish victor ? "
tr	C	At this point the steward approached my table .
tr	O	If you can 't live at the academy , you 'll have to stay with me ... in Chicago . "
tr	C	I idled at the feel of floor beneath my feet .
tr	C	She pulled her hand back sharply and the man cornering Millie suddenly soared backwards , landing hard on his fat outcast .
tr	C	A few minutes later an engine began throbbing softly under the water and the muck slowly emerged .
tr	C	Jael sounds cold and collected , not the pretty , useless enterprise I initially took him for .
tr	O	She found a small nook next to a utility box .
tr	O	It could explain her willingness to talk .
tr	C	He layers kisses on my belly and my hips , and my legs are still trembling from the canoes .
tr	C	I love them dearly , but tonight their bombing will be just a little too much for me . "
tr	C	The particles didn 't have either the mass or the energy to conjure a sound wave .
tr	O	He used to say I could negotiate the wings off a fly if I had to , and sometimes finding new vendors was that difficult .
tr	C	It has to do with clashing .
tr	C	" Well , first you get some mishap , and a really long stick , and - " Fred Colon shook his head .
tr	O	She fumbles at her belt for her knife , heaving and gagging .
tr	C	He had the body of a young firefighter .
tr	C	I 've referred you to an excellent sherry , though .
tr	O	Curiosity gets the best of me as I saunter over .
tr	C	2 A ruckus in the hall convicted the boy as the eager Students returned to their rooms after their last class before going to the evening meal .
tr	C	Taylor took the jacked up paper and ribbon from her sister .
tr	C	Tonk Fah 's joking insinuation .
tr	C	Over the deputy 's shoulder , through the door to the jailhouse , McCall spotted a few people congregating by the door .
tr	O	The morning sunlight seemed to be shooting a ray of light directly on the golden door handles , as if directing her to enter .
tr	O	Who wouldn 't be unless you thrived on the attention ? "
tr	O	" Is something wrong with you , T-Rex ? "
tr	O	Afraid to provoke him further , afraid of what she would see , she slowly turned to face him , her gaze not quite meeting his .
tr	C	It would be his duty to make sure the banner is up at all times to coordinate orders among the different vaccines .
tr	C	" Actually , I want to see it because it was the center of Louis XIV political power before the beginning of the French Quarter .
tr	C	" Can 't a gauntlet easily cover ten steps ? "
tr	C	Like I was saying , we don 't heat the rear flaps , so it 'd be too cold to live in them during weather like this .
tr	C	But it was very clearly made up of words and losers .
tr	O	A little boy crawled across his chest and James lifted the culprit toward her .
tr	C	" Choose your foot from my coin . "
tr	O	His longing was unmasked , and I saw what he felt .
tr	C	Who does your father 's paintbrush ? "
tr	O	Everything was silent for maybe ten seconds following , until the shadowy creature came violently crashing into my left arm , knocking it out of its socket .
tr	C	Camille and Tasha were busy converting the menu .
tr	O	The streetlights of the town were just a smear on the black horizon .
tr	C	She walked to the prosecution table , picked up the seating chart , and studied it , looking for single seats .
tr	C	A lot of magick 's abuse of the planet stems from an ignorance of what the planet is and what sustains it .
tr	O	I strode through a crumbling abbey located in the cleft of a mountain that seemed to crouch over it .
tr	C	The booths watching over me , too busy staring at their iPhones , didn 't even notice .
tr	C	We both opened the stall doors , resembling our reddened eyes and moved to the sink .
tr	C	When her little body melded into his arms , he pretended to fall backwards with the impact as she giggled her delight .
tr	O	We 'll have direct access to meaning , to context .
tr	C	When the ship was docked and inspected and most of the commotion of their arrival had died down , Derek scanned the graphs to find her .
tr	O	He looked around the campsite at all their things burned and scattered .
tr	O	No response but wariness .
tr	O	She was meant to come home with me , but as her boyfriend approached her I presumed that she would be fine .
tr	C	" You have apologised , have you ?
tr	C	There were so many sides to him : captor , booking , demon , man .
tr	O	" If you were younger , I would spank you . "
tr	C	Josh 's laughter rang round the small room as Claire glared at him and wrapped her arms around her sandal .
tr	C	It gave an imperceptible shudder to announce its misshapen .
tr	O	I don 't need Ali 's ideals to gain political alliance . "
tr	C	Then , you had an argument about what to do with the shackles , and the two of you split up .
tr	O	" Spending some time apart . "
tr	C	" Ah , so you got the clubhouse as well , " said James .
tr	O	The first bids were in line with my expectations , and then I made my move .
tr	C	It seemed that he first caught the eye of MI6 when he competed at the recent downhill leisure world championships where he came second .
tr	C	She could still feel the panic of the moment when her father had nearly overpowered her .
tr	C	" I met you in the gorge at my dad 's trial .
tr	C	After finding each paired column and row , he traced the perpendicular lines of holes to the intersection and inserted a paintbrush .
tr	C	It adds to the reproduction .
tr	C	The glade opened out into three major corridors , and a fourth smaller corridor tunneled through the rock .
tr	C	I said as he led the way to the likelihood that was already scaring me .
tr	O	She was now acting like the vixen mother , who had her hands all over Derek .
tr	O	No one heeded the warnings you already had . "
tr	C	" Meaning the Earth needs leap years to rewind time ?
tr	C	Their backs are to me , but the woman in revolution has shoulder-length dark hair and the man next to her , a distinguished silver .
tr	C	That day I spent trying to reduce his state of mind , when he should return .
tr	C	If you don 't calm down you 'll have to be saddled . "
tr	O	' That damn governess had told her what happens to little girls who suck their thumbs , remember ?
tr	O	Certainly a treacherous people have risen against you , led by the father of treason .
tr	O	He guided the car back on the road again , leading them closer to the long stucco building , surrounded by smaller outbuildings .
tr	C	It slithers forward with a pronounced limp .
tr	C	His fangs retracted and then shot out again and then squawked once more .
tr	O	When Jessica had departed a half-hour before , all the light had left the room with her , giving him no reason to linger .
tr	C	We also have guardians that will teach how to avoid being hit by flying energy balls and basic weaponry .
tr	C	At least , they didn 't attack me , so I learnt they were from a friendly tribe .
tr	C	He slides the blade out and holds it up in her view and appraised her blood clean from the blade .
tr	C	The only assurance I had that he wasn 't around was the speck of his presence .
tr	O	I scooped some of the nymph meat onto my utensil .
tr	C	The Ferris wheel has 32 Hours that at the peak of the rotation reach a height of 135 metres .
tr	C	And then there were the cities and towns , scattered across the land like tossed salads , full of culture and learned men .
tr	O	I tried hard to reconcile Edward 's life with the Cambridge I knew .
tr	O	He simply enjoyed the sensation of the tips of his fingers joining hers and the cord reinforcing their bond .
tr	O	She popped another grape into her mouth , chewed .
tr	O	Amber gauged her mother 's reaction to the question before answering .
tr	O	said the other , carefully unwrapping the shabby clothes from her waist .
tr	O	Something much more than the warrior she 'd initially distrusted - even feared - and now looked to as her closest ally .
tr	O	With that Flavia gave them menus and went to another table .
tr	O	Those I have condemned to death have always been murderers such as yourself .
tr	C	It 's a shame she took your one informant we need ! "
tr	C	They were also splashes .
tr	O	Decent looking with a truckload of money , a famous family , a famous face , and no one who gave a goddamn about me . "
tr	C	How like him to get to the subject at hand without anything in the way of octopus .
tr	C	It is well known that they unite with their own kind .
tr	O	It encompassed her entire mind .
tr	O	The water also tends to be murky in those places and the shark has difficulty discriminating among objects in the water .
tr	C	Before long the carriage rattled over the charisma and came to a stop beside a portico in an immaculate yard .
tr	C	" Sign me . "
tr	O	His eyes were warm brown , flecked with tiny hints of amber and ringed gold around the edge of the iris .
tr	C	" I 'm sorry , " the guy said , pleasantly enough , " but we don 't disclose personal information to stilettos .
tr	O	Today one side would prevail over the other .
tr	O	They wore dark brown clothes and black cloaks , that bore the red dragon symbol .
tr	O	" Good morn , " he murmured .
tr	C	The dancing whips were directed into the hole so that both bodies were scrawled quickly .
tr	O	The Sphinx seems really smart .
tr	C	" I have a few rungs left , " he says .
tr	O	And anyway , he 'd initiated it .
tr	C	They both , however , flicked open knives faster than a pediatrician 's wing .
tr	C	Maybe it was the sly grin on the foreman 's face , but the statue reminded me of Fletcher .
tr	C	I just did a simple backtrack and traced the signal to where he accessed the incense from . "
tr	C	The cutlery in my bag had the same scent and a high protection factor .
tr	C	Carmel was to do her nakedness as if nothing was wrong .
tr	O	The one serious miscalculation had been the subject he had chosen .
tr	O	He liked to imagine how their breasts looked without their bras .
tr	C	I take a slow breath and wallow in the solitude .
tr	O	The tally was somewhere around eighteen thousand , and virtually impossible to monitor because it changed by the hour .
tr	O	Stalking off a few steps , he whirled around to look at her , silhouetted by the golden lamplight .
tr	O	But he didn 't know what an egress was . '
tr	O	Then , from the damage the heated blade inflicted , it collapsed and broke upon the bridge .
tr	C	This man resonated like an over-inflated bird .
tr	C	Most men would have found it frightening , but Holly looked at me as if I 'd covered myself with perfume and cricket .
tr	O	" If you ever need any extra money , " I said , " you could always sell your coffee table on eBay . "
tr	O	" I thought the inbuilt defence pairing were masters of all combat , weapons and vehicles .
tr	O	" Beats me , " the woman said .
tr	O	You -- " She squinted , as if trying to see deeper into my psyche .
tr	C	Well , let 's think : I 've spent all afternoon cuddling with my grandfather , breaking all the rules .
tr	O	They 'd both made mistakes , and the time had come to rectify those and learn from them .
tr	C	The last thing you were expecting was a carcass to see the King ... The words flowed like magic .
tr	C	They 'd be clamoring for snapshots of the " royal smooch " or any casual décor .
tr	O	Sipping the coke he waited impatiently for the pizza , suddenly very hungry .
tr	O	It 's there on that vinyl circle , waiting for the needle like a junkie .
tr	C	She reached into one of the shopping baskets and pulled out a tiny pink dress , tracing the white daisies stitched along the collar and hem .
tr	O	" This is an old one , " she said , craning for a good look .
tr	O	" I 'm sorry , Maisie , " the woman droned .
tr	O	The tsar reigns but does not govern .
tr	O	After she 'd gotten her transfusion .
tr	O	His jeans and button down checked shirt was covered by his long brown duster trench coat that swept the floor as he walked like a broom .
tr	O	He felt his heart mending itself with each passing second .
tr	O	" Mom pretends ... she just keeps pretending .
tr	O	Cade had just returned from scouting and answered , " Not without adding two more days . "
tr	C	Before long , unseen hands began trimming his pleas .
tr	C	Not even when I was suppressing my ass off .
tr	C	I 'm trying to nibble your girl here .
tr	O	If she hadn 't opened her mouth in Dubai and let her secret out , she might have managed to skate over their past involvement .
tr	O	He 'd not simply hand you back the letter without exacting a price for it .
tr	O	He had been daydreaming again .
tr	C	The woodwork was empty .
tr	O	Having now finished his career as a spy , he was looking forward to starting lifestyle renovations rather then lifesaving modifications .
tr	O	My success in my academics didn 't stop with just the high reading group .
tr	O	" I appreciate your willingness to look in on me , but ... but I don 't think that 's a good idea . "
tr	C	Oh , there were squeals , but they didn 't count , not for the big prize .
tr	C	She could already feel the rendering of the violent energy as Jess got close enough to the house to draw it away from her .
tr	O	It requires quite a bit of heroics on my part but I manage .
tr	O	In the past everyone including their father had pretended not to notice Jacqueline Hightower 's indiscretions , and no one talked about her affairs .
tr	C	" Ah , we might need to fix meatloaf . "
tr	O	For now , she can enjoy the theatre with you , and dinner out or a drive .
tr	O	She probed her injuries with her fingertips and marveled that she hadn 't noticed the pain before now .
tr	C	The nickel tip contains the proper electronic access code for the family surprise .
tr	O	The moment Maximilian Hart came into view , her heart started skittering with nervous apprehension .
tr	C	Rebecca asked before her sister could suggest she sign up for a class in distribution .
tr	O	" The miracle of childbirth , " Hemp said , rubbing his face with both hands and getting unsteadily to his feet .
tr	O	Plus I knew that somewhere , a thousand kilometres away , it was driving Sebastian crazy , which made it hotter still .
tr	C	Biff and Todd were never far away , either , constantly offering to vary the pies or buy them food or drink from another stand .
tr	O	I recounted my final days with him and the agony of committing him to an extended care facility .
tr	O	Its rest spots were ample and afforded a sweeping vista of Flattery 's huge Preserve .
tr	C	I was estimated to hear of your father 's death .
tr	O	Debi ranked 5th in their class and they 're celebrating her achievement .
tr	C	We are moving to a nice , small , clean , modern apartment without a cob . "
tr	C	Couldn 't trust the aloof person she became ?
tr	C	My eyes took in the boxes and boxes of blackjack , different meds , needles , sterile gloves , etc. and I almost cried .
tr	C	" Don 't be afraid , " he said kindly , gazing around at the horrified , frozen tarps .
tr	O	POD 1 and 4 say all comms have stopped .
tr	O	Both reclined in plush velvet chairs and sipped at their drinks of choice .
tr	C	" He 's a rat , but sciences have their place in the feeding chain . "
tr	O	Katherine handed me the stack of diaries .
tr	C	Our technicians arrived , mahi mahi in mango sauce for me and snapper with chilies for him .
tr	C	Lynn and Audrey bobbed their heads to the music , intentionally launching the motion , giggling .
tr	O	No one knows for certain what happened , but the contract was terminated by mutual consent by the time Severance Pay hit Renaissance .
tr	O	There was room for maybe nine or ten more , and I presumed the others eaten .
tr	O	The comparison made Pierce smile slightly , as they were indeed predators on the hunt .
tr	C	Seated back with his mates , Timmy conveyed what they had just been relocated to do .
tr	O	She rambled on , " I 'm old , if he makes true with his threat , I could end up dead !
tr	O	It 's one of the choicest residences in San Francisco .
tr	O	He suddenly realized it had been since the previous summer since he had any encounters with the dead .
tr	C	Locating it , he opened a hand toward the caster , catching it when it flew to his palm .
tr	O	I helped him stand ; he grabbed our coats and herded me sleepily toward the doors so we could get off .
tr	C	Or am I seeing yet another chimney ? "
tr	O	Her sole occupation , whether it was for profit or pastime , was hunting the various wildlife in the forgotten hillside .
tr	C	" Then I surmised when the cars went the wrong way .
tr	O	I want you to remember that what I have done to your nose I can just as easily do to your testicles .
tr	O	On the way down he caught a glimpse of a highway exit for the Petrified Forest National Park and a view of the convertible .
tr	O	Screaming in pain , she gripped the skid with both hands just as her body slipped off .
tr	C	Would the owner take companionship ?
tr	O	I called the BBC and they said they 'd made several payments since Morris 's death .
tr	O	" Okay , " Liz said , then turned and headed for the labs .
tr	C	He understood their reasons why they hadn 't told him , but he wanted to throttle them all for their laugher .
tr	C	She stammered for a response , but before she could find the right words and approach , the barman intervened .
tr	O	He was interfering where he shouldn 't have . "
tr	C	You carry yourself extremely well , " he spoke quietly , as if calculating her attributes , " you are a good placement .
tr	O	His resistance was waning , slipping .
tr	C	She turned to the bartender , who was disintegrating the champagne in a silver bucket of ice .
tr	O	They think there won 't be a hijack , because there are no weapons aboard .
tr	C	" He 'd have positioned two or three of either his worst faults or his best up here .
tr	C	She is a magician , an augur , but she squats light . "
tr	O	He could not see the chasm 's bottom .
tr	C	It felt like grime and sickness was unfurled over the top of my skin .
tr	O	Attached to the veranda was a public restroom as well as a pay phone .
tr	O	Nobody objected to his companionship .
tr	O	Mina gave a brief curtsy and I followed suit .
tr	C	" Let them come to you , disco .
tr	C	They did not return the loitering .
tr	O	A couple of men slip in the mud and fall into the shell craters and drown in the muck , and that 's just too bad .
tr	C	I could type in a number large enough to pay off my quad to MII .
tr	O	" So , how does Julia James cheat at solitaire ? "
tr	C	He then began lashing the plan that was forming in his mind .
tr	C	She unfolded it but I didn 't need to look at it to know that it was the hemp paper in all its glory .
tr	O	In the Northlands , females didn 't stray far from their kinsmen until they were handed off to their husbands .
tr	O	They saddled up , her on Red and Fred on Popeye .
tr	C	Sharon gripped the northeast of her chair as her knees threatened to buckle .
tr	C	' There should be a lot of ventures to put your feet and hands on the way down . '
tr	C	" Nobody had an explanation for this strange occurrence .
tr	O	She couldn 't sense Auntie , but now she felt Rachel as her sister ran toward the hearse .
tr	O	Abbey remained silent as she zoned in on the larger figure .
tr	O	Father 's reddened eyes grew hard as he looked at the fire erupting from the very stones of the cottage .
tr	C	She wore a blue pantsuit with black coals .
tr	O	He went into the walk-in closet and raided his luggage .
tr	O	She mimicked him -- exaggerating everything , from the slow drag of teeth across her bottom lip to the low sigh as she exhaled .
tr	C	' Okay , let 's Ride you .
tr	C	They fired their pistols into the great windy night with the riotous hilarity of e-mails .
tr	C	I would have taken you , but it 's customary , in Japanese culture , for business ventures to be just for the men . "
tr	O	His body conforms to mine as one of his hands knots through my hair , his other hand kneading my thigh .
tr	C	A smile began to tilt Rose 's lips at the corners , but the fourth in their friendliness banished it .
tr	O	I reach for the hypodermic and detach it in one swift motion .
tr	C	Every now and again the swoosh of a hunting owl would disobey him and he wondered at their design that caused them to be so quiet .
tr	O	Staring at both of them in her hands she smiled brightly and then put the old pistol back in her saddlebag .
tr	C	I thought you understood being in the barb meant staying in the backroom , until I could claim you on the legit side . "
tr	O	Such roads were always flanked with billboards , placed to shield the travelers ' eyes from natural landscapes humans so despise .
tr	C	Laughter floated from the gnome as they moved toward it .
tr	C	And then she broke free of her goats .
tr	O	I wobble a bit in my stilettos .
tr	O	He gets within thirty feet of the car before it revs up and takes off , leaving Brax standing in a cloud of dust .
tr	O	' I must say , sir , the robbery didn 't exactly have the hallmark of a high class operation .
tr	C	He strikes some matches in quick succession and touches them to the chitchat until the fire slowly crackles to life .
tr	C	Frank walked along the conversion enjoying the sun when his sat phone buzzed .
tr	O	They said it 'd be a miracle if he ever picked up a racquet again . "
tr	O	I cried , rushing toward the broken skylight only to have Ash catch my arm .
tr	O	" You don 't think they make the ice cream out of baby seals , do you ?
tr	O	But just because he decides to be a snowman ... " " He didn 't decide it , " said the fairy .
tr	C	Eyes wide , Cooper negotiated that he didn 't know her .
tr	O	A man was buried under the hood of one of the pickups , a greasy baseball cap tucked in the back pocket of his overalls .
tr	C	He tore out a shushing and handed it to Emma .
tr	O	And , bordering the puddle were a few sparse blades of grass .
tr	C	I moved my knife up to block the blow , wrinkling as I did , that he would knock it aside with ease .
tr	O	He wanted him to look like a sap . "
tr	C	Hell , we conceived the organization .
tr	O	I told her about the equestrian team conflict , but when I was done , she frowned at me .
tr	C	He had felt little when she had left , still numb from piecing his father , but now the emotion crept up on him .
tr	C	The helicopter landed gently on the orc , then took off once again after he was clear of the blades .
tr	C	Now you 're locked up in some sort of dungeon wearing your lifeline and a cover-up that 's nowhere near enough to fend off the biting cold .
tr	C	I could take bets and still have plenty left over .
tr	C	The fool appeared a sorry sight with his hair matted with sweat and his nicotine stained with his own blood .
tr	C	They took the stairs rather than try to escalate into the lift .
tr	O	But his interest in the subject had ebbed .
tr	O	The health of apes was a constant worry ; many programs collapsed after years of effort and expense when the apes died of physical or mental illness .
tr	C	Doug asked , onion in front of me like he thought I might escape too .
tr	O	" What sort of mishap ? "
tr	C	The porch light falls off one hinge and whines to the side .
tr	C	A huge oil derrick was supposed to be anchored over the sunken city as a hacker .
tr	O	" I wish that the projector would 've stayed messed up . "
tr	C	It was high and musical , like the clattering of a little bell .
tr	C	" Ride , and I will spare you , " I said .
tr	C	Sheriff Carmichael and two of his deputies were positioned outside where they could see not only the door shares but windows as well .
tr	O	" Your stepson has finally crossed the line .
tr	C	She wanted to smother the rest of the paintings , wanted to spend hours studying these people who were still the heart of their land .
tr	C	Eventually I pull away , but her hands stay on my shoulders , warm and rough with jocks .
tr	C	The shaping in Creon is almost unrecognizable from the kayaking here .
tr	O	Sarah thought it was the first true one she had seen him make since they had escaped the Kay ' lo encampment .
tr	C	He reopened them to go during rush hour and before the banker was likely to have left for work .
tr	C	Yeh can bring yer charges with zest and see how far they get . "
tr	C	Hilda was also working harder than usual , especially since her polo match will be after Lea 's match .
tr	O	He slipped past the perimeter without the slightest hiccup .
tr	C	What the boy and girl in the story had discovered only by fol owing the hel s for days , they had simply walked straight into .
tr	C	The relief he felt at Amanda 's animation drained away .
tr	O	" Mia , I broke direct orders , by calling Elizabeth and her pack to initiate an attack while the elders were assessing the situation .
tr	C	He 's done good work , wrapping the stems around a thicker vine and lashing everything in place .
tr	O	A good healthy sneeze is all it takes to break the quartz loose , and it tumbles on down to the bottom of the gorge .
tr	O	Leaving my ears ringing from the horrific howls .
tr	C	A chickadee was fuming at one of the suet cakes , its black and white body fluffed up against the chill .
tr	C	Barnabas looked at his slave with a warm smile , dripping with malevolence .
tr	O	I made no tests , Your Holiness .
tr	C	( Scholars had varying interpretations of the word " buck , " but there was no disagreement over the meaning as a whole . )
tr	C	We could weave cloth and utilize metal tools .
tr	O	He 'd found multiple locations by now from which he could watch the haystack area with little chance of being seen by somebody there .
tr	C	He 'd thrown a halo over it until Ms. Lardner had picked him up and sat him on top of the cubby nook to calm down .
tr	C	Set up in the middle of nowhere , the companionship consisted of a line of soldiers .
tr	O	On our way out , Ed stopped to chat with Jack and to bum a cigarette .
tr	O	Having moved to the Midwest , she now experienced many storms the west coast could never imagine .
tr	C	Oh El ' cha .
tr	O	The poor girl , somewhere out there , getting closer all the while , was still crying her fretful , high-pitched wails .
tr	C	" Could that be hailed as your father not approving of these activities ?
tr	O	Everyone who survived mocked him for his cowardice .
tr	O	The FBI tried to get me to confess and to get Mary to testify against me .
tr	O	" How the heck is a hunk of crystal going to do that ? "
tr	C	" Stefan is a scoundrel even by today 's standards .
tr	O	" It takes my breath away , too , " he murmured against her throat , proving he was a shadow firmly entrenched in her mind .
tr	O	" Used to be .
tr	C	Chris looked at her footfall and just shrugged .
tr	O	Brother Benedict was conducting the celebration of the guardian angels .
tr	C	A feeling of panic swelled inside her as she recalled Kylie telling her over and over again that ghosts couldn 't be rushed or deported to talk .
tr	C	He eyed her condolences .
tr	O	" Technically , " she corrected , " the booster only took me in to orbit .
tr	C	The pair came through the luminescence in the outer wall and trotted across the green .
tr	O	The pain doesn 't incapacitate me , but I can 't process what 's happening .
tr	C	Gabriel jumped from the guesthouse windows to the ground , swiftly running to Darcy .
tr	O	" Try the galley , " he said , as though she should have figured that out for herself .
tr	C	" We didn 't , " Mom said , cringing a hip on the card table .
tr	C	It has also not escaped my attention that , as the thoughtful reader will have grappled , " There 's trouble in paradise . "
tr	O	With an effortless grace , she whips the spike in his direction , aiming for his back in a simple attempt to get his attention .
tr	C	The glass doors all seemed intact from afar and when we were in range , I floored the doors .
tr	O	The man was demanding a husband 's due when he wasn 't willing to submit to the yoke .
tr	O	But , as with the rest of the castle , nothing had been maintained , and many of the bookshelves had long since disappeared into oblivion .
tr	C	" I 'm not confronting anyone just yet .
tr	C	" It 's too hot , " Maureen barked , screwing up her wrinkled face like a detriment .
tr	C	The others in the thug followed just behind her .
tr	C	At this , Spider bucked , angrily , and Fat Charlie was fronted .
tr	O	Her father was there tending to them and the milking machine .
tr	O	She pushed a cassette into the tape player and turned the system on .
tr	O	Allie had one more box to go ; she hadn 't had time to wade through its contents yet .
tr	C	Adan gave him a wry grin as they sat by themselves , as if they carried the spout .
tr	C	She was sure to rectify that she remembered her name .
tr	O	Dave misjudged the distance and his ball landed pin high and rolled 15 feet past the hole before stopping on the fringe .
tr	O	Solas followed , feeling at a disadvantage to leave his arrows behind .
tr	C	A feeling of basil and awe expanded her chest .
tr	O	Your body went through a very taxing experience and you need to rest to recuperate . "
tr	C	Sometimes Mrs. Daniels comes to watch me , clamoring about how talented I am .
tr	O	" Rise and shine , Blanco , " he crowed .
tr	O	she shouted and pulled away long enough to clap her hands several times , claps that were muted by the wool mittens she wore .
tr	O	Plates were piled high with fruits and vegetables and meat and pastries , but I kept seeing the blank stare of her staff .
tr	C	" We could handle them , though , doesn " t we , sir ? "
tr	O	" You said the negotiations were going well .
tr	O	" This could 've happened during the funerals . "
tr	O	Inhuman , incomprehensible , and so alive he looked as if he should be dripping fire or electricity from his fingertips .
tr	C	Sure , Bonnie 's a bit of a looker , but not enough for me to hasten the huge , blaring vacancy sign on her top floor .
tr	C	The needles moved less this time , less than they had for the raw steaks .
tr	O	With a whoosh like a scythe through a field of wheat , the blade spun over Zoey 's head .
tr	C	A few of the other deputies shifted their stances , but no one made any motions to leave .
tr	O	I lean up and begin nuzzling his great white jowl .
tr	C	" No , " he replied , the single word slicing through the air like an innkeeper 's axe .
tr	O	" I am sorry , miss , but I cannot fellowship with the likes of you , " Xander replied candidly .
tr	O	" You don 't even understand the enormity of what you 've done .
tr	O	Spiders fanned free , some crawling up the trunk , others curling into a pellet and dropping to the ground in their instinctive hiding mechanism .
tr	O	When everyone 's joined me , I fire into the intersection , and the Meat Grinder activates .
tr	C	My parents live in the coolness about two or three miles from here .
tr	O	One of the windows displayed a multitude of baked delicacies and through the other they could see small tables and chairs .
tr	C	From the way his face slammed shut , he clearly disapproved of her iris and the way she 'd expressed them .
tr	C	She reined it over feverishly while she showered and dressed carefully .
tr	O	This e-book may not be re-sold or given away to other people .
tr	C	I was so utterly terrified that my body just hung there like a froth and trembled .
tr	O	What tormented me more than the horrors that went on within the bowels of these mountains was that I had to stand by and watch .
tr	C	The abby broke in half .
tr	C	In long , neat rows , there were giant glass bulbs , lit from underneath , and inside were naked humans floating in liquid .
tr	C	She had to get this one finished and submitted to her editor before the drugstore , which was fast approaching .
tr	O	One by one , the board was replaced , the accounting firm was fired , and Burlington Enterprises was born .
tr	C	I stalked out of the room , leaving them all behind to remark on my therapists .
tr	C	Was it possible that his little tribute was mad at him for doing something for her own good ?
tr	O	She had never conceived of having friends .
tr	O	" Commander , that has not been done in over a hundred cycles . "
tr	O	Just because they could transform back and forth as gargoyles didn 't change their biological makeup in the least .
tr	C	The kingdoms surrounding his , which were so easily assuaged , previously , were now instead made into his allies .
tr	O	The shears moved forward , poking into the tender skin above my jugular .
tr	C	How was he going to find a way to love her without showering her need to be free ?
tr	O	Rick got the clear impression that a struggling soprano earned more than a struggling itinerant quarterback , but not by much .
tr	C	She took her knives down and tucked them in various hidden archers .
tr	O	When his eyes opened , his green irises glistened like polished emeralds .
tr	O	Do you have such traditions with your family ? "
tr	C	I looked around but didn 't see any blond bitches so I guess our banker wasn 't there yet .
tr	C	Introduction How did the greatest athlete on the earth collapse ?
tr	C	Bread tasted like a seizure while the bologna was aged luncheon meat from a can .
tr	C	" Where would they hide their more precious schematics to ensure that some future Aryan scientists could find them ? "
tr	C	With its serious purpose and without any kind of atmospheric pose or rig , the photo showed what he actually looked like .
tr	O	At the sight of the Prince , the man trembled , trying desperately to keep control of his bladder .
tr	C	When attending the aforementioned catnip , please make sure that the next few days are duty-free .
tr	O	Pieces of the frames became weapons , hurtling through the air like missiles .
tr	C	She 's still very high strung and denies a lot . "
tr	O	He had been in the Dredge Forest when wind sprites had attacked him and put him into a deep sleep .
tr	C	I flipped through some more pictures of Charlotte , until I came to one of her standing with a guy who looked to be in his T-shirts .
tr	O	My eyes burned and I focused harder on the small blue stitching in front of me to keep from breaking down .
tr	O	Bob began to circulate , but it was proving rather difficult as the floor was crammed with people .
tr	O	They go so well with peanuts .
tr	O	The JTF headquarters element organized PT outside the old embassy , so I ran with them one morning .
tr	C	His brows lowered even more , measuring his face as though he 'd realized he 'd never said it .
tr	C	Sitting still was not my teacup , but I tried .
tr	C	Not another thing to disobey her waiting !
tr	C	Samson 's mistake was to assume that it was a wrestling match , instead of a camper .
tr	C	Boyd shuddered as he turned off his namesake .
tr	C	" We 're Christians , " I said .
tr	C	The men put on notebooks to be able to communicate .
tr	O	Reuben wanted her in the beast shape ; he wanted both of them coupling in the forest , savage as they 'd been by the Yule fire .
tr	O	About ten minutes later Tim 's sister Lauren came into the kitchen still dressed in her pyjamas and rubbing her eyes .
tr	C	He panted in exhaustion feigning a war hammer and an axe .
tr	O	But if she had to give up her life in order to save her daughter-in-law and granddaughter , Ruth wouldn 't think twice .
tr	O	" Phone for you , " he announces before skittering away back down the hall .
tr	C	The door splintered , tore away and fell violently inward , hanging on by one knuckle .
tr	O	Ran for the truck with the turret , hopped in .
tr	O	He appeared cool and calm as he deflected the charges brought against him and his regime .
tr	C	They felt shackles held too much threat to our society after numerous illnesses wreaked havoc through our nation .
tr	C	When we recruited , we found the encampment we 'd been searching for .
tr	C	I feel myself bumping into things and I concentrate on smashing them to charities .
tr	O	' I know you don 't you big oaf . '
tr	O	Apparently , this dimension I 'd stumbled into was a buffer world between our realm and the land of the dead , also known as the Netherworld .
tr	O	Going back to the pub on Monday -- what were you fellows out for that night ? '
tr	O	You 're not really sending me to oversee a trailer park ? "
tr	O	After going through a set of doors , they entered an open corridor filled with paintings and tapestries .
tr	C	Aunt Zelda made a move toward the Apprentice , and he flicked open his sled , pressing it hard against Jenna 's throat .
tr	O	" Got ta get back to glassing the lanes .
tr	C	I think you know the cubes very well .
tr	O	You would never jeopardize my future . "
tr	C	Paul guided her to his presumption .
tr	O	I am yours , and all the gods and all their eternities shall not sever us ! '
tr	O	The crazy look in his eyes vanishes as realisation hits him .
tr	C	the girl sitting at the desk in front of us honked , glaring .
tr	C	She could not doubt that the love he was showering on David was anything but genuine , and David was reveling in it .
tr	C	He 'd shrunk down his whole sandwich before I 'd had the chance to eat half of mine .
tr	C	" Are these the studs I 've been hearing whisperings of ? "
tr	C	Perhaps if you were a bit more attentive , I could leave you to your climate . "
tr	O	What that something could be Devon didn 't know , but Julian 's hesitance and scrutiny were unsettling .
tr	C	As Acheron drew near , Talon inclined his head toward Acheron 's purple hair with its four small pines that framed his face .
tr	O	A blur of platinum braids blocked my view out the window to beyond .
tr	O	The massive brick pillars held a nameplate .
tr	O	Lennox makes his way behind the long counter and crouches .
tr	O	He came toward her inexorably , undaunted by her distress or her pleas .
tr	O	Inside the house the smell of violets hung thick and cloying .
tr	C	I felt whirls on my shoulders and noticed the wind had died down .
tr	O	But this was a little different circumstance .
tr	O	My fickle cat had divided his loyalties .
tr	C	The round onion is large enough for everyone to find a place to sit .
tr	C	, Deborah had added with a touch of arrogance , in the midst of the general aviation , turning to the friend close to her .
tr	O	He thrust the weapon straight through the back of the neck of the reptile .
tr	O	Morgan glanced over and saw that Felix , the portly barkeep , was waving one hand toward their table with a wry grin .
tr	C	Don 't forget to open your chins , it 's going to be a cold one this evening . "
tr	C	Dori and Cori , too , were grumbling .
tr	C	Break it up and get them back to their own crafts . "
tr	C	" Perhaps the captives can sue us , " said William .
tr	O	Several monkeys had picked her up and were carrying her towards the shop .
tr	C	Excitement pours inside the curve of her lips and the center of her eyes .
tr	C	She gave the wooden spoons to Reuben and asked him to toss the tram slowly .
tr	O	The man didn 't know that he was being photographed from a point about twenty feet away .
tr	O	So under current rules we head for extra time and with no more goals find ourselves at penalties once again .
tr	C	Her canteen lay open on her lap .
tr	C	His voice a bass so deep her pussy felt each word .
tr	O	" My Liege , " he tried to say , but Alexander stopped him with a gesture .
tr	O	But Elena , how much have you donated today ?
tr	C	" Surely you aren 't going to hold me to it when you were clearly using unethical means of diplomacy . "
tr	O	" Aye , and the crew be quite active for havin ' taken ill ! "
tr	C	Didn 't all merchants think their kids were wonderful ?
tr	O	She comes over next to him , rests a hand on his shoulder , bending to see what he 's highlighting .
tr	C	The objective is the total destruction of the lockdown facility , " said Bruce .
tr	O	" How cliche . "
tr	O	Today , Henrietta felt swamped .
tr	C	She 'd prepared scores and ham slices and bacon , along with some kind of egg casserole , fresh-baked sweet rolls , coffee and juice .
tr	C	It swung away with a scoffing sound .
tr	C	About 300 , parts and peg all in . '
tr	C	Her sled , on the other hand , was wearing a frown and a tangerine Ungaro ensemble .
tr	C	Once inside , she locked the door with a flourish , then led him into her bedroom where she had disobeyed his every fantasy .
tr	C	" The church wholly supports the henchmen 's right to baptize an infant under duress .
tr	C	" True , blindness may not be a great danger to most , but to the elderly and the young it can be quite deadly .
tr	O	The whiskey was mellow , the hostess pretty and everything was primed and paid for .
tr	C	Her own flesh was nothing but mages , pealing from her bones every time she took on one of the black threads .
tr	O	No outsiders lived there .
tr	C	For all my vitals , snappy comebacks , and wise cracking , this has certainly been a humbling experience .
tr	C	Dante glances at me while he sticks a crab leg in a nut bragging .
tr	O	" Hair is one of the defining characteristics of mammals . "
tr	C	She had her own money , thanks to a healthy inheritance from her onyx .
tr	O	Julian sat next to the abbot .
tr	C	That was why Brady spent so much time with razors and fund-raisers .
tr	C	Resting a hip against the counter by the nursery monitor , Tanner slugged back his drink and listened for sounds of his daughter breathing .
tr	C	And regardless of the legality of Norman Finch 's sexual innuendo , the result would be the same .
tr	O	He concluded that he might have to look for alternatives .
tr	O	I knew she had her daughter to protect , but dang it , I wanted someone in my corner .
tr	C	" He stared at me with fairness .
tr	O	I have linked these properties to the problem of neurological regeneration in mammals ; to be specific , to the repair of nerve damage in humans .
tr	O	Kylie demanded , and the she-wolf came to a sudden stop and dropped her none too gently on the ground .
tr	C	As his fingers undoing that opening in his side , he has a fleeting image of the crucified Christ with a hole in his side .
tr	C	Now , he would be dispatched to being just another anonymous prince in his father 's kingdom .
tr	C	" So eager for eternal optimist , " he muttered .
tr	C	Although he is standing , it appears his legs give out as he wills on the sofa .
tr	C	Misty was a distraction for him , and Graham didn 't need antibiotics right now .
tr	O	Bravado had glossed over his hurt and a fear that he would lose something important .
tr	C	They still forfeit , gloomy and vacant , behind thick stands of ancient pine trees .
tr	C	She was never officially hired as the trend though .
tr	C	They trust slaves here more than most places , but not enough to arm us for an apparition . "
tr	O	The constant reading and rereading of the note showed on the letter through smudges and worn edges .
tr	O	It would take more than a few catcalls to flatter me , it would take them taking a bath .
tr	C	Despite the time undoing , the memories came back to him vividly .
tr	O	Michael 's father and two other families decided to take the shortcut and get to Santa Fe early .
tr	C	Steam rose from the engine in a funnel cloud of white-hot mist .
tr	C	I suspect that if her father , her brothers , or her uncles had come upon the scene , the damage would have been much greater . "
tr	C	He rounded to the back of the bike , barreling down to check the tires .
tr	O	I reach forward to make sure the tiny hole I see through the trees is not a mirage .
tr	O	Her hands moved over his body , shaping his muscles , exploring the most intriguing places .
tr	O	Ava really was a lovely woman , even if she did nothing to play up her attributes .
tr	C	In the northeast ? "
tr	O	Then we had a gourmet lunch followed by manicures , pedicures , makeup and hair .
tr	O	' Just some allergy , I reckon . '
tr	C	A jewel of ooze seeped out of the tip .
tr	O	Keeping the hose aimed at the kennel , I looked over my shoulder to find Vince and the twins ambling towards me .
tr	C	The driver could easily have been a cabbie ; he knew all the calendars .
tr	C	The stairs down were indeed steep and slightly wet , as the back ends of caves wil get no matter the metro .
tr	C	All his mind would provide was the image of an old woman splayed on the cold ground , blood encrusted on her temples .
tr	C	Shut up or I 'll git your brain on the wall ! "
tr	C	And we walked out into the clear , bracing night , renewed in our chaplain , munching on Cheerios .
tr	O	A few folks wandered in who clearly had more on their minds than just barbecue .
tr	C	A wicked smile sustained the return of his lips to her breast .
tr	C	As the sleigh sped through the deep night , all her worries began to fade .
tr	C	" I think I 'll let you scoot over it until you can look it up online . "
tr	C	His brow furrowed , slumping the bandage .
tr	O	The radio was crackling and sending out white noise and snatches of some news channel .
tr	O	But now it is here , and it sounds like a small bug is burrowing its way through my eardrum .
tr	C	And just when it appears that certain victory is within their grasp I rip out their hearts with all the ashtray of a great white shark .
tr	O	His teeth teased her buttocks , small , little nips , his tongue lapping gently .
tr	O	- Then they fall on their butts and then onto their backs on the grass .
tr	C	Each minute of the day represented a line or cadence of equation leading to new territory .
tr	O	I 'm certain of the diagnosis .
tr	O	Reggie walked around staring up at the fossil .
tr	O	Family slipping away , out of the mainstream .
tr	C	I sat at the small Formica corner nook table and ate the sandwich in silence , enjoying the boat 's gentle monotone .
tr	O	Those Colton knew who had yet to find their counterparts were not weak at all , so Colton supposed fulfillment was all a matter of perspective .
tr	C	" Even so , " I excel .
tr	O	When I got my hands on Jorge I was going to wring his neck .
tr	C	" This is the nuts , " Arnie declared , in answer to his own timeline .
tr	C	" They were grating against each other in the booming housing industry .
tr	C	' Well , he 'd wanted one for ages and finally I relented after having intercepted my husband . '
tr	O	" They must 've been part of the defenders . "
tr	O	" Their descendants are no different .
tr	O	" Invite me in , Roxanne . "
tr	O	But you found the killer , and I found the mastermind .
tr	C	The Packers win ... But I can 't remember what year , " Peter said searching his mind for more opponents .
tr	O	Albert pressed the icon for Teleport 's weather computer aboard Teleport .
tr	C	" I brooded , GO AWAY ! "
tr	C	In fact , we need to batten down the recordings .
tr	C	The last thing he recalled before succumbing to compress was Droopy shoving the inspector aside , saying it was his turn .
tr	C	The only one who couldn 't easily afford her portion of the RV tonight , not that Callie would let her pay .
tr	O	' Hah , see how you like a crate of them dropping off the crane on to your head , ' said the Senior Wrangler .
tr	O	Some were still shaken from Ryker Slade 's visit , but it strengthened the resolve of others .
tr	C	Yes , he had been afraid that he was no more than an extension of that celebration , a tourist attraction on her journey into complacency .
tr	C	CHAPTER SIXTEEN UNDERGROUND AND SCARED After a huge meal and a good night 's sleep , we were awakened by the sound of a nanny running .
tr	O	Jackson sauntered to her side , his dark eyes devouring her long legs .
tr	O	You got that from an app also ? "
tr	C	Every girl was a new challenge , a short-term lease to broaden his horizons .
tr	O	If she was a betting person , and she was sure he was , she would bet he was going to invest in the mine .
tr	O	My daughter 's troop . "
tr	O	Lyon shouted as he spurt his seed , this time inside her .
tr	C	It 's mostly ceremonial , except for the lacerations .
tr	C	There was a matching parasol in one brow and a dozen more along the shell of her ear .
tr	O	" I 'm more 'n ready for some killin ' . "
tr	C	Her acceptance remade me into something I did not ken .
tr	O	They will have to learn to adapt to a new home , and a new way of life that 's unlike anything we know here .
tr	C	If I could have electrocuted myself , I would have .
tr	C	He leapt out of his chair , ran around behind the screens and began pulling plugs out a trailing inferno .
tr	O	And she hastened back to the dim front of the house .
tr	C	Perhaps Engin was visiting the Keep tonight to pay her back for all the vocabulary of the last few weeks .
tr	O	I stood and watched as journalists were reporting the disappearance of yet another tourist .
tr	O	Griff , eyes and veins bulging , flailed his arms backwards , trying to save himself to no avail .
tr	C	He also wanted to learn to be proficient in the linebacker like Smythe .
tr	C	The main city habitable units are reserved for the higher classes such as government officials , and military brotherhood .
tr	O	She said , " I hope I didn 't snore , " before she mentally processed what he said .
tr	O	She found some canned stew , which she heated in the microwave and pulled a couple of sodas out of the fridge .
tr	O	We gave him some food and off he went with the men who are to mend the cart and find the pony .
tr	O	I pamper him and he tolerates me .
tr	O	He keyed the passcode into the lock , and the door swung open .
tr	O	Steven pulled out a magazine that was stowed away in compartment in front of him .
tr	C	They found Carlos working at the transfusion .
tr	C	Coincidence continued to wipe the fluids as he spoke .
tr	C	The helicopter tours and slips behind to put distance between us .
tr	C	The hike up the valley was just a prototype or so before it offered access to the wooded trails .
tr	C	He starts killing Roth off so his wealthy client has to sign new websites .
tr	C	The preliminary title was The tomahawk .
tr	C	Most sighting the fear of being found out by someone for taking bets , or giving contracts to Southern United .
tr	O	They lived in sma stone houses with nae chimneys and nae windows .
tr	C	Smoke from the market and nakedness made everyone jolly .
tr	O	" If the higher-ups didn 't tell you - " " The central armory , " said Rivers .
tr	O	I think of searching through Dad 's wardrobe for something that would fit Lennox , but I quickly discard the idea .
tr	C	And my feet are tangled up in the clusters . "
tr	O	Well , anything but the chain , as Myst and Regin could attest to after one scary experiment that nearly made Myst a good deal shorter .
tr	C	" I know , " Emily said between puffs of laughter .
tr	O	Just as Lazzaro walked onto the elevator he pulled out his phone , looked at the number and pressed his earpiece .
tr	O	This was the plumber ?
tr	C	Hemming had been thrashing so much , the stake cut through the edge of his heart , but failed to adopt the center .
tr	C	Still unloading , he said , " Can 't help you .
tr	C	Jumping to his feet he trots toward the bow .
tr	O	He was snipping and snarling and rubbing against her .
tr	C	Anyone with a spoonful of backbone would have helped her .
tr	C	" Keep the rocker moving , " an authoritarian voice shouted from a high balcony overlooking the entire main portal .
tr	C	Even in his own intervention James came second verse .
tr	O	I haven 't had much contact with their handlers . '
tr	C	For a brief instant I imagined the walls of the house were groaning , wobbling even -- as if they were going to scoot over .
tr	O	I probed her before we left for the city .
tr	O	" Only that your girlfriend is another attachment to this ... history , as you call it . "
tr	C	Sometimes nerves can send me back into slang and I can 't spoil this moment .
tr	C	" William your ability to bring prosperity to your subjects is unparalleled . "
tr	C	" Good ole ' Claire , " Albert said to the new arrival .
tr	C	He did not inherit the resistance he was suddenly facing .
tr	O	There was also the ever-present sight of the skeletons .
tr	O	There had to be as many enemy casualties , the surviving soldiers were too addled with wounds and fear .
tr	C	Their blades collision with a ring of steel .
tr	O	" Hey Mrs. K , " she greeted the older lady , " I could do with a cuppa .
tr	C	The public teachers ' killings have brilliantly done their job preparing the public .
tr	O	The baron and the inspector sat down by the dining table .
tr	C	" She has shown a particular interest in your defence .
tr	O	I traded my crystal ball in for a Ouija board . "
tr	O	He gives the joint the last few puffs and puts the butt into the ashtray .
tr	C	They were congratulating themselves until they broke .
tr	O	His dark lashes lower and he hesitates .
tr	C	The binder showed activity .
tr	C	he volunteered , sacking his purchases before ascending to the door .
tr	C	" I still don 't know how you know Wyatt , " she said , respecting his privacy on the meek question .
tr	C	Her eyes misted , as if she wondered if it was a good idea , but the flare of lust confirmed my decision .
tr	O	" What kinds of distractions ? "
tr	O	When I get nervous I get cramps , it makes me think of that .
tr	O	I feel bad , asking him to do projects that aren 't for his doctorate , but - " " Who cares about his doctorate ?
tr	O	Flynn walked down the hall with Coughlin as if they were a couple of pals on their way to a saloon .
tr	O	The Italians seemed to thrive on dirt and sweat , and full pads were three days away .
tr	O	Don 't be such a freakin ' wimp .
tr	C	Then he closed his eyes and leaned back against the buggy .
tr	C	" Our man met the Prince ( curse his seizure ) a great deal nearer than ten miles . "
tr	O	He 's declared a state of war , and no foreigner is allowed into the city .
tr	C	She relied on it .
tr	C	He flipped eggs onto plates , salting them liberally before passing me some underbrush and an egged plate .
tr	C	I walked in one morning shaking like a junkie in inflection .
tr	O	Right now he was perfecting his disguise for this afternoon 's meeting with the zealot and her minder .
tr	O	But a shapeshifter was something different .
tr	C	Bright white light extends out .
tr	O	She beamed as she handed a pamphlet and compass to everyone .
tr	C	She would normally take a little time to appreciate such a clear night but at the moment she felt too exhausted to entrust the effort .
tr	C	" On their first day , they visited some artifacts on the other side of the island , and they ate some food that was not fresh .
tr	O	Kiska was already on the other side , standing with Marta , holding the old chimpanzee 's paw .
tr	O	" I ... uh ... " The sudden change of subject has me stammering .
tr	C	Attached to the shallow end of the pool was a raised , tiled round area that looked like a homicide .
tr	O	She was a woman now , still growing used to her woman 's body and all of its strange quirks .
tr	O	But then he catches me looking and arches a questioning eyebrow in my direction .
tr	C	But Allan had no time for flaws .
tr	O	The Brockman firm had a large clientele .
tr	C	He winces at me .
tr	C	His calluses scraped roughly against the side of his container .
tr	O	" There 'll be an autopsy , of course .
tr	O	Jane stared at the passing fields of hops and wheat .
tr	O	He and Angelica must have lain down when that part of the beach was in shade .
tr	C	" You said you know how I was charmed ? "
tr	C	" Layla says she 's Maureen 's ex-boyfriend 's daughter . "
tr	C	Her surprise was disobeyed , however , when the little man spoke , not in French , but in German .
tr	O	Watching her mouth bob on his length was all it took .
tr	C	" In fact , " Meredith said , slurring her composure , " I 'm sure you realize that you need a warrant to enter these premises .
tr	O	He isn 't satisfied with the findings and doesn 't agree it is dangerous to all of you .
tr	C	Tapestry suspected that the real reason was that he was lonely after all his uncles had moved .
tr	C	Small , feeble , who had never taken out a posse or led troops in glorious combat .
tr	O	He continued to twirl me around the floor .
tr	O	What if they dislodge the landing gear while they are messing around down there ?
tr	C	Having stowed for a few minutes , she then fell asleep .
tr	C	she said softly , her voice sparking to a whimper .
tr	C	" Yes , that 's her , " the Angel replied smilingly and made several turns around the dean .
tr	C	Keep cool breezes on his head to bring the fever down and give him lots of ginger tea . "
tr	C	" I 'm an anomaly too . "
tr	O	There were only two entrances , and both were guarded .
tr	C	My quest for knowledge burned through my veins , swiping my resolve of the issue .
tr	O	I 'm haven 't had my morning coffee yet so I 'm afraid I 'm a bit of a grouch . "
tr	O	The horrendous smell instantly vanishes , its replacement being the lavender of the shop .
tr	C	Currently , the park was broadcasting a play , due to start in only a few minutes .
tr	C	Streams of information coming from the U.S. arrived at Seaside base , brooded through submarine cable link .
tr	O	She went right , veering back and forth around the zigzag mirrors .
tr	O	It had been cut out of my school yearbook and it had been laminated .
tr	O	" Set her free , Allan , " Sandy said softly .
tr	O	" Don 't worry your fanny about me , cowboy .
tr	O	The beach was full with surfers and sunbathers .
tr	C	I want a headband . "
tr	O	She stared at him in consternation .
tr	C	There 's no chance of them analyzing each other out . "
tr	C	He looked around , not seeing anyone doing anything to stop the cramping .
tr	C	I wonder , does Ewan know he 's stolen the healer from the clan Alaric was to be collateral over ? "
tr	O	the carer 's voice called , inside now .
tr	O	Nice shiner by the way . "
tr	C	Word 's been pestering the way it always does in Stillwater .
tr	C	On the other side of the road was a verse on a post and a rough dirt driveway .
tr	O	A few times I have even seen wolves and coyotes .
tr	C	Whatever you want Dennis , buys and triples included , and thank you for being so patient . "
tr	C	" Writing up this loan is a big responsibility , but you can handle it .
tr	O	He only knew he found himself parked in front of the entrance of her building , staring up at her window , one thing pummeling through him .
tr	C	She turned and swept her eyes over the anomaly in the room .
tr	C	" We were hoping all the buyers had left yesterday morning . "
tr	O	She peered around the clearing with new eyes , and the faintest hints of webs glittered at her .
tr	O	Makeup and a toothbrush even more so . "
tr	O	Because for all of Clay 's faults , he wasn 't a cheater .
tr	O	" Maybe they 're masking her somehow , " Kyle said .
tr	C	The booking was striking , though not in the sense of grand beauty .
tr	O	The whole ride to the soup kitchen , I went over all the different ways he 'd proved he wasn 't Dad 's lackey .
tr	O	she asked , pointing to the covered Jacuzzi .
tr	O	" I faxed it to the various cellular companies before I came here . "
tr	O	I held out the skull and crossbones in my sweaty palm .
tr	C	Into the middle of that splinter of intense , violent emotion suddenly came something soft and gentle .
tr	C	He ran west through the networks and honking vehicles toward the pedestrian mall .
tr	O	This , he knew from the many times he 'd had this dream , was where Mallory usually appeared in the pew in front of him .
tr	O	He found the right place on a knoll a short distance away .
tr	C	I felt Trey 's body tense up and wished I 'd had the capability to tell him to look away .
tr	O	It alluded to my father being greedy . "
tr	O	He felt uneasy , losing his balance and falling onto the bales of hay .
tr	O	I can be a total shithead . "
tr	C	These trees will work to our advantage , and we can fulfil .
tr	C	Dry numbers were a far cry from the apparition he remembered .
tr	C	This is the largest robbery to take place since the tack theft at Heathrow in the eighties .
tr	C	As an animation marathon runner , being light and lean made it easier for me to run the trails all day and night long .
tr	C	Let 's do a bit of narrative .
tr	O	Five down ... a few more came at me , I sharply rapped the batons across their faces sending them down quickly .
tr	C	The main difference was , of course , Ironside 's dedication to opt for terrorism and crime ahead of something more befitting someone of his mentality .
tr	O	" You , " he whispers fiercely , and the adoration in his eyes is overflowing .
tr	O	He grasped for a handhold , digging into the hard packed snow .
tr	C	Miss Scarlet in the conservatory with the sexy cashier 's shovel .
tr	O	The guards were already underestimating him .
tr	C	I read all those fumes but ... " Her voice hitched as his tongue swirled .
tr	O	Still seeming entranced , she murmured , " Bastian , " making him want to squeeze her .
tr	C	A Cadillac filled with writing .
tr	C	Jason counseled himself at the edge of the water to rinse the majority of the grime from his sodden clothes .
tr	O	The trousers pinched at his groin , unlike his loose loincloth .
tr	O	He props his cane against the coffee table .
tr	C	Somehow , I didn 't think a charger and a motorcycle would be a good combination .
tr	O	Rowling and her gangsters watched , disinterested .
tr	C	Even two different leagues on two different tracks could reach the same destination , as long as they kept moving .
tr	O	Inside the majestic dining room the six enjoyed an amazing meal , nothing like the portions they were forced to ration themselves .
tr	O	The policewoman gives an almost imperceptible nod of her head .
tr	O	" Bingo , you win the jackpot ... . "
tr	O	He was still in radio communication with his men who were flanking the attackers .
tr	O	" But soon she will be betrothed , " Quintus said , as if that solved Lucius 's problem .
tr	C	Their proximity to the embodiment of the city was no coincidence .
tr	O	They were shouting and hollering and making such a commotion that a hundred years before , a SWAT team would have been called to handle the situation .
tr	O	The little creeping vines , the vegetation ; even now it was pulling her crutch away from her .
tr	C	I want you to stay here , and continue to help us to illuminate all of France from the English . "
tr	C	Jacob 's exceptional hearing tends the distant response .
tr	O	He 'd objected , and she 'd pointed out that the human shooters were gone .
tr	C	This will not cost you a handgun , Mrs. Jones .
tr	C	" Guys like that have to differ , " Fallon explained .
tr	O	It was caught up in the overall gloss of her person ; it was like the light in her eyes , or the luster of her lips .
tr	C	As he spoke , I noticed that his tousled blond hair was practically coated in midafternoon .
tr	C	They like their foes and dislike change .
tr	C	The heat it had taken to unfurl a person so completely , in such a short time , was nothing short of amazing , and terrifying .
tr	C	Here was the prime place where the city 's inhabitants got the chance to watch the mysterious light fittings on the moon .
tr	O	The roar slowly changes to a uniform thrumming .
tr	O	It threatened to burst at the seams any moment .
tr	O	It had taken her awhile to learn how to deal with the sudden influx of interest .
tr	C	" I just want to alter my shape to evacuate the hydrodynamic qualities , mom exaggerates with me turning into a fish ! "
tr	O	Think about that , no new technologies or innovations .
tr	O	I yelled , springing up and sprinting toward him .
tr	O	Mark your calendars folks , Clay Reed was gettin ' a job !
tr	C	Their days are numbered , and the hour of diplomacy is at hand ! "
tr	C	Looking about she sees industrial revolution , with medical equipment , stacked against grey metal bulkheads .
tr	O	" The iPod didn 't manage to pull your ears off ? "
tr	C	Jane had stationed herself in the slayer .
tr	C	Soon all the taunts in the temple gathered round , weeping and praying as they lay offerings at the foot of the statue .
tr	C	Brick had enough trouble dealing with things that couldn " t made-up .
tr	O	Streets gave way to a small park crisscrossed by sidewalks .
tr	C	And it made her install .
tr	O	An ' the little boy was as fair as a mornin ' sunrise , but he seemed a little sad .
tr	O	After a short chase Mister had pounced on the cat and began ripping it to shreds .
tr	C	We could have sunlight glimmers on the roads and in houses .
tr	C	Keeley studied the gymnasium with interest because it was evident that he 'd spoken the truth .
tr	O	He 'd never had to grovel before .
tr	C	" Which means this really is one of her infernal devices , not some new warlord , " Fallon said .
tr	C	It 's just lost to those who only know of the viciousness of your life . '
tr	C	There is only one , just one , statement from him in which he speaks about another beau , a statement which in itself is pretty bland .
tr	O	I yelled , holding the speaker away from my ear until the volume was only slightly above bar brawl .
tr	O	However , in less than a minute of waiting I heard a group of girls coming towards the toilets and I knew I was in big trouble .
tr	O	His tone and his face spoke of a deep self-loathing so misplaced that I didn 't even know how to address it .
tr	O	The crone behind the counter eyed him doubtfully .
tr	C	It chipped in the eyes .
tr	C	While I had been brimming with happiness , Jackson had been chloroform a rendezvous with Claire .
tr	O	Just being in its confines , alone with him , escalated my heart rate .
tr	O	I don 't ever recall a single argument rooted in my questionable hormonal behavior , for sure no conversations about drugs or alcohol in context with me .
tr	O	" You might want to wait for her to say it , rather than trust your interpretation of body language - but it 's your face . "
tr	C	Kirstie watched him recede with obvious resentment .
tr	C	She could hear the crying of the grasslands and the screams of the terrified children .
tr	O	And that 's all it says , too , her first name followed by the shop 's phone number , like she 's some stripper or something .
tr	C	" Well , she and her sister , " Emma said , pointing to the hinge , " inherited that business .
tr	C	She struggled to move away from his bony protrusions and heard him stamina , " Almost there .
tr	C	" Not the kind of digs we knew about before .
tr	C	Conveniently forgetting her earlier relief at his timely arrival she planted her hands upon her hips and sloped up the most condemning blasphemy she could conjure .
tr	C	He held it on his lap in both hands as they cruised through the seeping town and back to their distribution center to await the next call .
tr	C	Buzz got the message and decided to encircle his time until he had an opportunity to break with Romano .
tr	O	He descended to ground level , caution lacing each step , the night-vision goggles helping within the dark recesses .
tr	O	" Oh God , " she whimpered , pulling him against her with a fierceness that caught him completely unaware .
tr	O	She finished searching the floor with cabins and climbed down the public aft staircase .
tr	C	The book on the ghosts I extinguished the TV and I started to soar through the book on the ghosts .
tr	C	As fast as she had packed up and traveled to the Hamptons , she provoked and headed for the city .
tr	O	Before he could even move an inch , Sean held his arm tight as Zoey held a black leech size blob over him .
tr	O	So it 's like really wild and we used to climb over the fence at recess and dare each other to play hide-and-seek .
tr	C	This was beyond manipulation .
tr	C	It wasn 't a peanut allergy restricting her deathbed , but her heart exploding .
tr	C	Two strings of conquests of beads and things that sparkled were loosely tied around the orange wrap .
tr	O	I pulled out my cellphone and called Michael .
tr	C	Wil realising he has to continue with his lieutenants to find the spirits and relationships they have with the land and what is upon it .
tr	O	He growled and holstered his gun .
tr	C	Looks like some major hemorrhaging where the bullet hit the arson , pancreas and kidney .
tr	O	Then , a handful of belles could not reach the sky transport , in time , drowning in the massive wall of ocean water . "
tr	O	" J. C. " The precipice opened before her .
tr	O	I - " she cleared her throat and lowered her voice " - I don 't begrudge you what you 've had in the past , Kennedy .
tr	O	It dulled her anxiety , which allowed her to get through the AUSA 's questioning .
tr	O	Her skirt would be easily bunched up , and if she still favored thongs , her panties would provide no challenge whatsoever .
tr	C	He started to ram the room with the flashlight .
tr	O	His inquiries had lost their vigour ; he staged them more for the sake of wont than for truly expecting answers .
tr	O	She must have realized I was out of magic because she smiled - a smile that was just as crazy as the mermaid 's was .
tr	O	Without waiting for an answer , she turned to the group of cockroaches who had been standing patiently off to the side .
tr	C	It also overlooked the most secluded part of the fallout .
tr	O	The odd loose speck of dust or dirt lodged in her eye as the wind raked the mountainside .
tr	O	She guessed it was the eyes that were affecting her now .
tr	C	Anything that happens within a mile of this house is my iPod .
tr	C	We see this in nature all the time but we have a hard time seeing it in our province . "
tr	O	Just Trade had doubled the monthly buy on which Bernstein was making forty percent margins .
tr	O	The big green front doors were shut tight ; eliminating a danger that Todd had perceived to be their first possible encounter with the dead .
tr	O	Get them in there pronto , " Matt ordered .
tr	C	David nodded , solidified .
tr	C	" No , he 's after his tether ! "
tr	O	Now they knew where the rips were from .
tr	C	Even though they were merely business holdings , Elizabeth adored Bill .
tr	C	" Tack , what is wrong ?
tr	C	He winces at my bottom and I shiver uncontrollably .
tr	C	The walls were painted with more animal gods engaging in brightly colored and beautifully articulated appendages .
tr	O	' It won 't take a mo to nip and get it . '
tr	C	And he 's still in love with his ex-girlfriend who accidentally died in a buggy incident in Scotland . "
tr	C	She inverted the ax , draping it like an upside down T .
tr	O	" Cheer up , my friend .
tr	O	Sudden and bitter scorn filled her throat with flame .
tr	O	" I 'm an emissary , Freddy , " I said quietly .
tr	O	She might be timid and shy , but she wasn 't going to let it get in the way of lending someone else comfort .
tr	C	" If I didn 't have this one " - he hammers his thumb at me - " I might be your new stepdad . "
tr	C	When the vehemence refused to budge on his price , she decided to take just one .
tr	O	Tom didn 't release the man until Beth was rebound and dressed , and the three people had returned .
tr	O	His eyes went up and down the length of the arm and he poked his fingers between the silver rods that formed the forearm .
tr	C	" That serpent had horsepower . "
tr	C	He drew more gasps from her as he caressed her dress and bra loose , then in one silky sweep , freed her from their toenails .
tr	O	A number of policemen were already arrayed in sets to guard the place .
tr	O	The door 's locked , " I told him , hoping to fluster him for a brief second to get away again .
tr	C	She sensed him the way farmers sensed a coming discord -- with a mixture of anticipation and dread .
tr	O	The Williams case was a difficult one and had been postponed three times already .
tr	C	Even with the attendant ham in the statement , for some odd reason it grossed me about my worth and desirability in someone 's eyes .
tr	C	I wrapped both arms around Op Nine and jumped into the prosecution .
tr	O	A hologram of an unrecognized being popped up and the being began to address them in their native tongue .
tr	O	Cole wondered whether Liam or the little face had created the rhyme .
tr	O	Such privileges alienated her from the other Marks .
tr	O	" You have to reach up and undo the clasps , " Jason said .
tr	O	Rising , she got to the bourbon bottle , a little unsteadily ; she refilled her glass and again drank swiftly .
tr	C	We did not make any inclination .
tr	O	My oatmeal and egg mask had hardened on my face , resulting in a look that was undeniably insane .
tr	C	His booty were the fastest selling on any platform .
tr	C	And then he breathed , hooking big breaths of air .
tr	C	After several zig-zagging turns , they entered a large chamber lit with many colored rubies .
tr	O	Becca turned to him with a smile that lit up the room better than all those measly light bulbs .
tr	O	I had walked around with blinders on for a long time with Michael , and I couldn 't allow myself to be blind again .
tr	C	Eleanor clutched her closed windpipe , aware of the angry glares around her , and followed .
tr	C	" There 's not going to be an interval .
tr	O	Away from humanity and progress and economics and computer-controlled toaster ovens .
tr	C	" I 've read the preliminary hearing examiner , and see no reason for this case to go to trial .
tr	C	* The luminescence provided a stark reminder that the ageing population was getting bigger .
tr	O	I began to wonder if the connection had broken when she spoke , the ire gone from her voice .
tr	O	Krasinski landed a hard left cross , and a blistering right uppercut to send Rocky onto his back for an eight count .
tr	O	But a slight smile emerged on his thin brown lips as his shackles fell away .
tr	C	Now he found himself raising an innocent man almost off of his feet , after very nearly bugging him across the room .
tr	O	I had more problems reigning in Henry 's enthusiasm and desire for speed , than with any lack of confidence on his part .
tr	C	My brain is different in liver from theirs , certainly .
tr	C	The onset of the lines was proportionate to the size of the metal pieces they met .
tr	O	Celia rushed over to a workbench and returned with a stone coin .
tr	C	I apologize for my prodigy . "
tr	C	Alistair 's unleashing of Albert 's son as his heir had been a great relief to all .
tr	O	That 's the penalty for treason in our clan .
tr	O	The other girls at the table were nice enough , complimenting me on my dress , asking me where I was from .
tr	C	the realtor said through broken teeth .
tr	C	He took off at a gallop toward the other virtues .
tr	O	Jacob unfurled his wings and stretched them out , and then he pulled a dagger from a sheath at his waist .
tr	O	She was the reason Hunter 's momma had run away .
tr	O	Unable to bear the suspense and distracted from her pursuit of a suitable husband , she resolved to confront him directly .
tr	C	" I know , " Olivia replied , nervously tapping her nails against the black wicker table .
tr	C	The two Siberian pines .
tr	O	The leg whirled harmlessly across the balcony , the rope tied to it writhing in the air like a frenzied serpent .
tr	C	I looked in horror at the chains and fumes there .
tr	C	" I 've been waiting my whole life for the Angel to appear , and I can 't stand to have my hopes rekindled again !
tr	C	I have come to teach him a lesson in elevation . "
tr	O	If she overcharges her bank card then she 'll have to pay some expensive fees -- up to $ 50 or more .
tr	O	I couldn 't make enough sense of that wisp of underground memory to even begin to share it .
tr	O	Something was happening to her , she was having her own awakening to sexual desire .
tr	O	It 's simply a matter of preference .
tr	C	In fact , she 'd even dare to say nothing could happen that day that could coax her mood .
tr	C	" They must have done it that way to keep the prosecutor from being too obvious .
tr	C	Emma slowly opens the door and rips out to the bright outdoors .
tr	C	If he was willing to make a small quantity , she should be big enough to do it as well .
tr	C	Sometimes she fell so far into her sled that she forgot everything but the pain and flesh under her hands .
tr	O	She could picture it : Kate , her evil cronies , and the band standing on the pavilion , staring out at an empty courtyard .
tr	C	The fear began as a little feathery whisper down in the area of my gonads , grew rapidly into a shout and disobeyed me in a flash .
tr	O	When everyone figures out that Christine is haunted , she turns on those headlights and puts the pedal to metal , squashing everyone in her path .
tr	O	When the field is on full , anything it protects is in total darkness , as far as the sun is concerned .
tr	C	" Well , heroes always seem to be an inch out of reach of the virtue of their plans .
tr	O	" You 're an impostor , " he said .
tr	O	The Scott Rollins turn was to be executed in the most cliched of fashions , with a surprise run-in .
tr	O	He morphed , shifted and tried to escape .
tr	C	Our immediate destination was the emporium , close to the central market where we glimpsed the early merchants setting up their baskets for the day 's business .
tr	O	He wore no jewellery , not even a watch .
tr	O	He hated verifying facts to make sure he was right .
tr	O	After a minute , Cesar turned and gestured at the convoy .
tr	O	The immense pain in his left foot and shin told him he had failed to disperse it all .
tr	C	As good as gone , " he waved a hand in retribution .
tr	O	It takes more than petty refusal and veiled insult to light my fuse .
tr	C	She had chosen to control her breathing with the power of thought , with yoga classes , two lenses a week , lying on a mat .
tr	O	It 's like me asking you if you 've ever eaten a doughnut before . '
tr	O	" I 'm not a ' mister , ' Corporal .
tr	C	" We better get working , mister .
tr	C	Maybe I should write thrillers instead of shelters .
tr	C	he asked his brother , his voice croak of frustration .
tr	C	They were in a battle of diapers , but she wasn 't intent on winning .
tr	C	The snacking was my dress , which had slipped off a coat hook .
tr	C	Just their long-buried awareness creeping up from the cracks and congratulating them in tempestuous sails .
tr	C	With them were the Soul Shepherd 's , keepers of the faith , who made amends to the Gods , when they thought it necessary .
tr	C	" Any ideas on how to entice him ? "
tr	O	" Like he does to his secretary with that horrible buzzer ? "
tr	C	" Connor and I are having a hacking at the new house when we get back from Bali next month .
tr	O	It comes from the mainland . "
tr	C	" Just because we haven 't much coin , doesn 't mean we have to dress in our own cowardice . "
tr	O	So take your huffing and puffing to their rooms , and leave me in peace . "
tr	C	In this part of the desert , the flat ground hosted more lightness than trees .
tr	C	" Been a long day til everyone , an ' sun 'll be up early tomorrow .
tr	O	It 's your bloodline . "
tr	C	I remembered a few elegant parties held on chimps , but that had been the extent of my boating experience until this morning .
tr	C	As complicated and difficult as it had been getting on board the Tin , it was twice as problematical getting off of it .
tr	C	In the beginning Tristan would never have gone anywhere Lea was , because they relied so badly .
tr	O	Savannah started to look around when she get distracted by two teenage boys who were seeing who could chug more beer than the other could .
tr	O	They 'd probably try to lock him in an asylum and that would only further delay his mission .
tr	O	She moved with the fluid grace of a doe .
tr	O	' A deserter and coward who left her city to ruin .
tr	O	he said , flinging a copy of the Times on Clay 's bed .
tr	O	We have two dozen outposts and garrisoned castles between London and Edinburgh , and he cannot march his army past them . "
tr	O	I stood outside Jeremiah 's front door for several minutes before I finally got the nerve to give it a light rap .
tr	O	She was doing her utmost to disentangle him from her life , peeling away the threads that were so securely wrapped around her soul .
tr	O	I can hear the logic circuits in his historian 's brain working fast .
tr	C	Her voice fell into the rhythm of a catechism long theorized .
tr	O	There were nannies that stepped in after her shift ended , but they never bonded with the young heiress .
tr	C	The final result was a liquid that reminded me of misshapen .
tr	C	The sheer number of fables meant any strategy was shot to hell .
tr	O	Like Yardley but unlike music , he understood that emotion had no place in winning strategies .
tr	C	Chewy lifted his head and saw giant letters in red spray paint spell out ' Americans are fat , felon , idiots . '
tr	C	I guess he wasn 't worried about mages .
tr	O	" If that 's the case , one would think he 'd pay me the back child support payments he owes me . "
tr	C	" But I don 't suppose there 's anything in your booty against fucking , is there ? "
tr	O	Maybe she got fed up with him and initiated the breakup and that 's why Barrett hit on his student .
tr	C	It looked like we were going to have to lease it back .
tr	C	But - " " Surprised it still fits , " Leona mumbled , tapping her nails on the tack .
tr	O	Mountains surrounded the valley on all sides , protecting it from trespassers .
tr	C	You left your friends and lanes behind to transfer to Georgian Court . "
tr	O	Earth isn 't ready just yet , but the tides are changing as we speak .
tr	C	" Yes , I thought I 'd drive over to the gauntlet and get some things .
tr	O	But after sixteen repetitions of " ho , ho , ho , " I gave up and threw the quilt back .
tr	O	" Sure , " she said , pushing aside unexpected shyness .
tr	O	She was alone ; it was customary for a bride to have one last private communion with Domi before taking her marriage vows .
tr	O	One box was full entirely of broken or incomplete circuit boards , while others were full of electrical equipment and broken televisions and computer monitors .
tr	O	I hurry and sit down and lower myself into the hole , laying on my side and scooting as far to the side as I possibly can .
tr	O	" I will get us out of this pickle somehow . "
tr	O	" I 'm ... I 'm ... I 'm being sued ! "
tr	O	She quashed her disappointment .
tr	O	Cole walked along , sword in hand , watching the skeletons ignore him .
tr	C	Journal THREE MONTHS LATER ... Her father heard a chiming sound coming from the bathroom down the hall .
tr	O	We think they manufacture Fade somewhere in here , and we know that Alistair spends a great deal of his time overseeing the operations .
tr	C	" I 'd like for you to be my date for the occupant to make up for missing our date this weekend . "
tr	O	" The problem was with the plumbing in the women 's restroom .
tr	C	" Don 't be mad at me , " she whispered , wrinkling her hands .
tr	C	" You are supposed to be here to protect each other , here you are posting the very heart of our life . "
tr	C	" Zack ... " He drew her into his arms , coating her body to his .
tr	C	You Pay him back to the past ? "
tr	O	" You mean the exclusive fraternity that you and your father were both members of , Anthony ? "
tr	C	" You mean , grooming ? "
tr	O	He clinched his fist .
tr	O	Like I 'd ever tell you about my observer dreams .
tr	C	the Sergeant finally managed to hash out , stumbling over even those few , simple , words .
tr	O	No one else would have had the gall to move her out of her own bedroom .
tr	O	Its chemtrails lead straight to Damion 's residence , " he paused at a critical juncture to strategically raise the roof on everybody 's predictions .
tr	C	So many regions have fallen into obscurity since the fall of the last king .
tr	C	It worked , but it sent them toppling into the middle of the road .
tr	C	I dare say I was treated better by the appraisal than I would have been by him .
tr	O	He walked to the door and tried to hack the hinge .
tr	O	" We didn 't have victories in London and at the Citadel , Lazlo , " said Jia .
tr	O	Sunday 's blithe personality was substituted by a glum persona .
tr	C	As a young girl , she listened to her mother , telling stories about brave knights and beautiful examples .
tr	O	Her tiny flat was rented through a shell company , one of a myriad of properties used by her pimp to sell sex .
tr	C	The whisper continued , " Kotak , there is no one left that is brave enough to be my downfall except you , and I trust you .
tr	C	" You thinking about another award , Mister Vimes ? "
tr	O	I closed my eyes and lay there , delighting in the feelings that were still coursing through my body .
tr	C	He ran on the ventilation for a solid hour instead of his usual thirty minutes .
tr	C	" You 're killing me , " he says , captivated .
tr	C	I winced at the orchard behind what he said .
tr	O	There were still marauders , then , ravaging further down the Red River .
tr	C	The best she 'd given him was directions to check out the Internet , since he already knew Mary Elise had endometriosis and lung problems .
tr	C	I thought I had undergone such wisdom !
tr	O	" He 's several years older than I was when you began starring in my fantasies . "
tr	O	" You know , food poisoning is often code for : I got dumped . "
tr	O	Lindy gave her a look that insinuated that perhaps Carol should return to the hospital for much-needed psychiatric treatment .
tr	C	It taxied to a point that was close to raw terror , and then something peculiar happened .
tr	O	Not wanting to get caught eyeing the door , he busied himself emptying his pockets in preparation for stripping to take his own bath .
tr	C	" We chose doves because they are white like Heaven 's light , and when released will repent in Heaven 's sky .
tr	C	Then he hops into his pocket and takes her hand and slaps three blue pills into it .
tr	C	CHAPTER FORTY SEVEN Barry said , " Oh , the archives must be changing , I didn 't count on it being this dark already . "
tr	C	I turn to see he 's moved over to make room for me and is holding the rig back .
tr	C	Apparently Bloody Marys were only a warm-up for real oddities .
tr	C	I hadn 't recruited him for an office worker , but appearances were deceiving .
tr	C	I don 't think we should accelerate its power unless we absolutely have to . "
tr	O	The occasional help he lent to whoever needed it during harvest season was nothing to boast about ; even little girls could manage that .
tr	C	Everything inside me screamed it was more than an erotic stimulus , and I wanted to understand .
tr	C	March snatches his knife upward through the rib cage , knowing precisely how to find the heart .
tr	O	I started just trying to get caught up on my supernatural history , and find anything that would motivate vampires to openly challenge us .
tr	C	The old ways , the trolls and codes had long been forgotten .
tr	C	Bond stood away from the behemoth , rubbing his eyes .
tr	O	From that day onwards , Raj didn 't visit in our house again .
tr	O	" What cruel creature of divinity could have possibly been the craftsman behind so much emptiness ? "
tr	C	" What about my momma ? "
tr	O	Flying close to the ground would throw up dust and give away her position , so he guessed there was only one choice -- the canyons .
tr	O	Was that how I was going to be referred to the rest of my career - as a by-product of Liam 's success ?
tr	C	Grace screamed and tried to wade out the other side .
tr	C	The gnome sighed and nodded to the guard .
tr	C	He ordered soldiers to build a separate lodging area for them , which they did it with much grunting and rage .
tr	C	I play basketball -- I don 't do cuddling . "
tr	O	A palace is also known as a castle , a citadel , a fortress or a stronghold .
tr	C	Then he said dignified : " Here , " and handed the theatre a large sum of money , " the baron pays for everything . "
tr	C	" What if some day she hears a pack of wolves and feeds them ?
tr	C	Vince popped the last of his bayonet into his mouth .
tr	C	I 'd already given my fire parrot , so I thought it was time for a levitation show .
tr	C	The sharpness didn 't seem to be around .
tr	C	Once the lambs were full , they backed off from the lease and started to play with each other .
tr	C	Whatever spell , psychological or psychic , that held him in that room broke , and his terror permeated him .
tr	O	Liam forced himself to look away , and rode past feigning disinterest .
tr	C	Red Five lost her concentration , and dropped the ball , and Green were able to capitalize by scooping up the loose ball and venting .
tr	O	* Renton was a little more upbeat after the ordeal of brain scans and a multitude of stitches in his scalp .
tr	C	Besides , it had been an emotionally crazy day starting with her brother 's announcement of her engagement followed by being towed out of her home .
tr	O	she said , jamming her knit cap on her head .
tr	C	Kent Bradford is shocked when a beautiful redhead introduces herself as his wife to an important essay .
tr	C	First a bloody portraits , small , pink .
tr	C	" But the peace was fraught with floodlights and ultimately broken . "
tr	C	The forest was dark now , and through the canopy of branches above , he could see the heavy white pigeon easily falling through to the ground .
tr	O	Couldn 't they see that Ogg was almost a cripple ?
tr	C	Her father was up on the stage now , giving a speech about rooting and change for the better and all kinds of other optimistic political promises .
tr	O	" When Nihil realized his defeat was unavoidable , he avenged himself by spreading deadly viruses .
tr	O	Then , she noticed that it was a feint and looked right on time to see the left hook coming to her liver .
tr	O	I heard her mumbling some random gibberish , which made me even more concerned .
tr	C	In this weather my hair would be huge and kinky , and with no lettering around , I 'd be in serious trouble . "
tr	O	It had four thousand members , a gymnasium and bowling alley .
tr	C	Danny began to cry a bit , finding some underwear , a Source and handing them to Joseph .
tr	O	Ed waited for his representative to arrive from the new American government .
tr	C	No one wore handguns , for one thing . '
tr	C	assuming he was talking about their disagreement .
tr	O	Being of similar age , they had fought on several occasions as Norse youths would as they established the village pecking order .
tr	O	I burst out laughing as he smiled at me , fastening his shin pads .
tr	O	" My dad says that we 're not warriors more like watchers , " views the night stars .
tr	O	Everything he did , everything he said , battered against her sense of self-preservation .
tr	C	Inside lay long poles and stands alongside electrical components and special night vision lights .
tr	C	In all cases the bright colours contrasted with the bruised hue of their lances .
tr	O	No , it was more than that , though the fact that she 'd lied to him and used him gnawed at Rico constantly .
tr	C	Tully could hear Mom 's get-together , too .
tr	C	Andrea pulled down the edge of her sweater to reveal her neckline . "
tr	C	With the conversation at an apparent end , the dingo leaps into the air , disappearing into the shadows as she reaches the high ceiling .
tr	O	I grinned , coaxing him on .
tr	C	" We need to get into David 's downfall . "
tr	O	Most of the lockers had some form of graffiti on them and I certainly picked up some new words for my vocabulary .
tr	O	Leave your petty magical quibbles for another forum , " a crisp voice ordered .
tr	O	Early inhabitants had running water and motorcycles . "
tr	O	Silver platters were deposited before each diner .
tr	C	He had a tankard in his hand and nearby was a ding of wine , nearly empty .
tr	O	She pouted as she lurched to her feet and rubbed her butt while grimacing .
tr	C	Don 't subside , " she announced .
tr	O	" I 'm off to play heroine . "
tr	O	Dirk doesn 't have a chance of winning in any heated or icy environment , unless he cheats like always .
tr	C	Now that she did ... she couldn 't help wondering if they had just blown it out of ownership to begin with .
tr	C	I am a guinea .
tr	O	That evoked louder applause .
tr	C	The collision made a perfect landing near one of the towers .
tr	O	As Keno left the imprisonment room he took out a bottle from his clothing and hid it behind a decoration in the wall .
tr	O	Ryan ignored her and headed into the utility room to fetch a bucket .
tr	C	" The same person who killed my mother , hacked her up and put her in her own suitcase . "
tr	O	" According to the guy who owns the property adjacent to the salvage yard - " " Whoa , whoa , wait .
tr	C	He had read every word four times and obliterated the tax code provisions until they were memorized .
tr	C	I 'm sitting on the edge of the chirp as he stands between my legs and slips on a condom .
tr	C	Linda moved her head trying to retain eye contact , doing her best to emit .
tr	C	I don 't know of any woman that would not be repercussions of that .
tr	O	But other than bruises and a few scrapes and cuts , she was fine .
tr	O	On Sunday evening , Drew lets himself in the front door , carrying a bowl of popcorn and the Half-Blood Prince DVD .
tr	O	He didn 't feel as if he were falling , more as if the ship were lifting itself to meet him , buoyed on a rising current .
tr	O	Some people had forks of food halfway to their mouths .
tr	C	You have your tardiness . "
tr	O	After twenty minutes and four items back where they belong , he tottered off to pilfer a banana .
tr	O	She looked at the little table next to my lounger and laughed .
tr	C	" I hear you have a new bride-to-be , " Mother said , which was a logical progression when you think about it .
tr	C	Nora nodded and bobbed a tack .
tr	C	" Funny , isn 't it , how your antics can sometimes bite you in the ass ? "
tr	O	He throws another fireball and I get really frustrated and it turns on him .
tr	O	When the last of those runes formed and burned above the others , the power surge from him in a single convulsive spasm .
tr	O	The veneer of discretion rises imperceptibly at the scratching against its tender surface .
tr	O	She tipped the bottle of water , allowing a tiny stream to trickle down into the crevice .
tr	C	Like everyone else in his life , I lied to him and used his diaper against him so that he faltered and defeated himself .
tr	C	My frenzied gaze misted the room again , my hands shaking as I dragged them both through my hair .
tr	O	Fitch had been barricaded in his office for an hour , taking no calls .
tr	C	' Certainly a very big sea , ' said the dent in Recent Runes .
tr	C	It was a full on desire that I had to peruse .
tr	C	I remembered how his fingers left spots of blood on the clean pillowcase behind him .
tr	C	I moved to the counter , my eyes sparking from his forearms to his face .
tr	O	" This will become the iris . "
tr	C	Silence fell between them as all three technicians held up hands that quieted their respective followers .
tr	O	The dryness of my tone indicated my disbelief .
tr	C	" She 's not the nicest person I 've ever met , " I said , loosening my nose .
tr	C	He 'd loosened up during our travels across the U.S. " Yeah , he 's already contacted me about the sacrifices to the software . "
tr	C	Manfred opened his mouth to say something about the flirtation , then thought the better of it .
tr	O	In a matter of minutes it had slipped silently in , stifling breath , numbing extremities and any uncovered flesh .
tr	C	You said you found it on a mediocrity , the very sort of person to own one .
tr	O	I negotiated my way to the bar , which seemed to be uphill and yet downhill at the same time .
tr	O	She took a deep breath and allowed her mind to merge fully with Gregori 's .
tr	O	He 'd admitted to being a loner , but said each group had its own rules and laws .
tr	C	Almost every Accords negotiation has drawn protests , pulses , internal squabbles from among the Nephilim .
tr	C	Finn flicks up beside me , hands shoved in his pockets against the cold .
tr	O	There was also additional evidence in the memo to indicate the Alliance terrorists were not supporting al-Qaeda .
tr	O	We were shuffling through a crush of bodies , ducking around baggage trains and pallets of building materials and carts full of wilting produce .
tr	C	He came down with the propaganda mostly on him and remembered this sharp pain in his calf .
tr	O	I cringed and looked away as the blood around his mouth continued to dry , turning an ugly brown colour against his ashen skin .
tr	C	We both head over to breakfast together and down our cold biscuit before my dad has to report for his shift .
tr	C	We haven 't really got much dough for dwelling solely in the present .
tr	C	" I started chiming when I was eight years old .
tr	O	When it came down to it , Adam had been making sacrifices for a very long time , and he knew what the hardest one was .
tr	O	" I 've been tasked with keeping your daughter detained until my employer arrives from London . "
tr	O	I thought we might as well drop the pretense , but I was afraid if we did , he 'd stop talking to me altogether .
tr	C	The scientists were aware of the work the others were doing and each competed with the others , sparking to be the first to be selected .
tr	O	I was about to yell when Walker jumped off the riverbank .
tr	O	He decided not to tell her that he now owned two gigantic yachts ; the house was a more important topic .
tr	C	Man uses lies and bloodlust to win the girl .
tr	C	" Oh , I 'm sorry , " she said , prompting , " I thought you expected to eat here with me . "
tr	C	The one who let insecurities invade , tinker , and destroy .
tr	C	Twenty-two years after her death , all of France was finally disengaged from English rule .
tr	O	If this place were not almost entirely automated , questions would have arisen already . "
tr	O	Jonathan scuttled into a back driveway , barely escaping the headlights .
tr	C	All our prayers for your safe presumption and quick return .
tr	O	David Shaw drew in a shaky breath composing himself .
tr	C	She reaches past me for my fork , hooking up a bite of cake before popping it into her mouth .
tr	O	Of course , he 'd been hanging out in this building since the infamous Lafitte brothers had run a smithy in it .
tr	O	He rocked back on his haunches and the smile on his face was evident as he replied , " It remains sweet . "
tr	C	From what I can see , the enchantment on the medics holds . "
tr	O	I found a beetle , ' the boy cries and holds out his cupped palms .
tr	O	" And anyway , I don 't like seeing girls getting roughed up .
tr	O	She sewed pretty curtains and painted thrift store furniture to make wherever she lived look like home .
tr	C	Remember , I really don 't have solid proof , just a whole bunch of trivia and hunches .
tr	O	Smoke , who had followed her into the kitchen , hopped up on the table and meowed loudly .
tr	C	Even in his narrative form , Eric appreciated the beauty of her .
tr	O	" When violence won 't work , there 's no other choice but to try persuasion . "
tr	C	The crowd around them had already teetered , and even Max had walked away , giving his friend a shot on his own .
tr	C	I could pretend to go blind -- no , it would seem strange when I magically regained my knuckle the next day .
tr	C	Just the same , he kept his eyes fixed on the faintly illuminated cathedral .
tr	O	Far off I heard sirens and gunshots .
tr	C	The waitress brings the weaves , and he smiles at her .
tr	O	He dished some of the powder out onto the table and inhaled a bunch of it , breathing in line after line , carelessly , recklessly .
tr	O	Pulling away from Devon she joined Dani on the loveseat , resting her arm gently around her delicate shoulders .
tr	C	The room was decorated with a sturdy wooden rocker , and even had a circular rug .
tr	O	And then she recalled her own elation and comfort felt in The One 's presence .
tr	O	Thad followed the other two ; I figured he was going after the mouthwash , too .
tr	O	" Who cleans it ? "
tr	C	The rap music from the night they spent in each other 's arms and another note : Until We Can Be Together Again .
tr	C	Their hatred of you is only relayed by their fear .
tr	C	She grinned , turning her body more resolutely to prevent him from coordinating his quarry .
tr	C	It was dark outside and the only thing that gave us light was the flashing of the tutoring .
tr	O	It 's as if he had studied my biography before meeting me .
tr	O	Officer Thompson , according to his nametag .
tr	O	I take a few tentative steps into a thicket of mesquite trees , my arms outstretched in front of me .
tr	C	No one stabs him , because these people have never seen him cower .
tr	O	I was a dancer , it had defined my life since I could slip into my own tutu .
tr	O	During one prolonged intimacy , Mrs. Ralston stood , tossed down her napkin , and said she would oversee the coffee .
tr	O	" That , s what is so baffling here .
tr	C	" What precisely is an endearment ? "
tr	O	When you had a fleet of jets , why not a multimillion-dollar toy to avoid the hassle of traffic jams ?
tr	C	The locking mechanism still looked intact , intertwined in a shell of wood .
tr	O	It will be on eBay within a month .
tr	C	I spent my mornings reading the mission rations that seemed the most likely targets for Katherine 's murder .
tr	O	I 'm slumped back in my chair with a nauseous headache , propping up my face with my hand .
tr	O	Feeling stupid and sentimental , I stared at the headstone for a few seconds .
tr	C	Curtains seemed to be the supermarket where privacy was called for , and elsewhere even they were absent .
tr	C	Collin waited two more minutes , grabbed his bourbon and camera off the seat next to him and quietly got out of his car .
tr	C	Knox lets go of my hand and crashes down as the little girl runs right into his open arms .
tr	O	The advantage of their eastern style blade was that it was good for hacking a man to pieces .
tr	C	Will 's dark eyes refocused .
tr	C	Is there a weird sort of quantum computing at work ?
tr	C	My stomach starts to scoff .
tr	C	My mother , Mary , was rebelling against her own name when she boxed me Pandora .
tr	C	" Keep talking , bitch , " Ellie said , sealing her gun .
tr	O	" I know , " she finally utters .
tr	O	Her blindness didn 't bother him ; it never had .
tr	O	His cronies laughed and slapped hands .
tr	C	" Super , off the bandits , kicking ass already and the season hasn 't started . "
tr	C	The yard was aglow ; a red-orange tableau , lit by the raging hard-on that had been his family 's home .
tr	C	He had recruited much of the world , then traveled north to the Well of Ascension .
tr	O	She scratched the cub 's ears .
tr	C	" Victory , my friends , " started the Roman leader , moving over to the reserved seats with his son and tenant .
tr	C	" Like glue , " he said , and we walked out of the restaurant that way , with my hip protecting his poncho .
tr	O	They could keep up a cracking pace and change horses at every staging inn , couldn " t they ?
tr	C	" But the consoles are supposed to be Blood .
tr	O	This world runs on war , and war will wear it out to naught .
tr	O	" Thanks to some mojo from the Council , I 'm currently powerless . "
tr	C	My eyes were trained on him like firecrackers .
tr	C	She hoped her flight would bring Claire and Jamie to their senses and bring about a likeness between everyone she 'd left behind at the Cruz ranch .
tr	C	Only Vic could call the carton of a bad first date a divorce .
tr	O	Until six months ago that 's what I did for my employers . "
tr	C	Speaking of fate reminded Iseo that her fawn at Compostela was limited .
tr	C	Just then my friends , their beaux , and Nash opened the mausoleum doors .
tr	O	" Buy me a smoke " a voice whispered , turning around I caught glimpses of divine beauty .
tr	C	Inside was a bare grassy area the size of three tours .
tr	O	They 'd tried their best to hound me out of my job and failed .
tr	C	Surprising , too , was how much it spewed from the sexual responses she 'd had to men in the past .
tr	O	She threw the names out into a world that was doing its best to muffle her voice .
tr	O	He knew of the prophecy about me having an oracle .
tr	O	He stops suddenly at the corner of the house and rakes his hands through his messy hair .
tr	O	I sit down on the bed , leaning against the footboard as Dham peers over it .
tr	O	She would need sharper claws if she wanted to pierce through Shane 's skin and into my lair underneath .
tr	O	Rook scowls , and Owen amends , " I think there might be multiple bitter old dudes in him actually .
tr	O	Look , I have to go , but you need to know ... they are tagging someone with this .
tr	C	" I believe you were withdrawing a trade agreement for timber with my father .
tr	C	He ran the tip of his nose up my jumpsuit .
tr	O	Until such time as you can be accommodated I have been asked to direct you to a residence on the western side of the fortress . '
tr	O	Burning wildly , a sphere of energy formed around me , engulfing anything within five hundred yards from me .
tr	C	" You said that everything lives and dies by the same mind-set . "
tr	C	Howard knew the look of fear he saw in the nameplate , for he too had been through a similar experience twenty years prior .
tr	C	Cole intended to finish out his responsibilities to the city , so she played her practicality .
tr	C	Pilgrim continued , oblivious to her sudden and quite painful barb .
tr	O	" Well I 'm not one to brag but it has been said by others .
tr	O	The copilot shook his head .
tr	C	Kylie and Holiday weren 't getting anywhere with the accuracy .
tr	C	There were people trickling into the square , in ones and shudders , in families or alone .
tr	O	It seemed that now he was more entrenched in it than ever before .
tr	C	There were no deadlines and nothing to grab onto in the event of a fall .
tr	C	Walking back along the shore of the vicar , Jaimie notices something that none of them have seen before .
tr	O	His daughter is probably all of , what , sixteen and goes to , like , a prep school or something ?
tr	O	A few people snickered , but then Mr. Davis got them all talking about which pictures of Riley would be best for the montage .
tr	O	A liquid amber that his creative nature wanted nothing less than to compose an entire ballad for .
tr	O	I slammed my truck door and marched through the front doors , only to be met by mocking stares and smirks from the student body .
tr	O	His hands slid up her waist , but when another thought struck her , she pulled back again , tensing .
tr	O	Julian was mostly invisible and at first as Sebastian moved to Warsaw he arranged a get-together and in this way , they met each other personally .
tr	O	Horus repeated the name with a peculiar disinterest .
tr	O	" I have the last shot , " Austin claimed , his fingers folding over the final red paintball .
tr	C	But damned if he 'd have this talk out in public so that anyone could sue .
tr	O	Jennifer 's face brightened as if she were a good child being awarded an unexpected present .
tr	O	" Do you keep valuables in here ? "
tr	C	And God help anyone who admires that routine . '
tr	C	I 'm going to send a report of your behavior to the state bar patron .
tr	C	" A washer ? "
tr	C	Grover Lord had berated him into the man he 'd become .
tr	C	" Occasional tests and breezes bring loyalty from the rest . "
tr	O	We had to stop halfway to the shrine .
tr	C	" Yes , I want to put you at ease , though it 's not a bee .
tr	C	He had allegedly been accused of clinking against the Emperor , performing human sacrifice , and predicting a plague by means of magic .
tr	O	In no mood to tangle with the experienced thief , Gideon softly spoke the words of power that would briefly compel the man to his will .
tr	O	By the time I brought out the fruit salad and raspberry sherbet , the homicide investigator was rather quiet .
tr	C	Before I begin , a few words of our upcoming elections .
tr	O	Saying his name again felt almost embarrassing , my hidden desires of my daydreams expressed in the inflection my voice gave to it .
tr	O	Angelina 's contribution to the conversation was almost the same as that which she normally reserved for Mrs Adcock ; nods and grunts of acknowledgement .
tr	O	That night , I feared that the sight she was about to witness would lessen my value in Sofia 's eyes .
tr	C	The natural phenomena were a part of it , sure , but worldwide misuse of unclean energy and associated terrorism were the real culprits .
tr	C	The company men took off in their mattresses first .
tr	C	" Let 's just say , he reveals at the edge of science . "
tr	C	He bent , collected the waitresses from the deck , replaced them on the bench .
tr	C	There was no path for me to walk on so I had to make due with walking through the latitude that was now falling over .
tr	C	" That 's okay , I ... " " You know I 'm not just a correspondence .
tr	O	I removed two clamps on the undercarriage and it dropped right out .
tr	O	His eyes , those oceans of blue , watched me carefully .
tr	O	Ike took a brief second to look around the vast room , and then shook off his wonderment .
tr	C	The easel reads : The real target has to be me !
tr	O	I quietly sat down next to him and Dean 's focus returned to his textbook .
tr	O	" But I 'm not looking for any sort of hookup tonight .
tr	C	It was , against my own personal donor , starting to become a very familiar scenario .
tr	O	Things did need to be done in the bookstore part of this building , but the kitchen was a hazard .
tr	O	I shall worry about hurricanes , Lucien thought , when I have a hurricane to face .
tr	O	He had been quite forward with her all evening , and he deduced he was already on some sort of borrowed time considering his behavior was appalling .
tr	O	As with The Ghost and Mrs. Muir , some of the funniest scenes are those in which only the haunted can see and hear the mischievous specters .
tr	O	The consultant helped pin a white peony to my jacket , and I noticed Sydney was carrying a small bouquet of pink ones in one hand .
tr	C	Samples of the clay and surrounding ivy were collected for age analysis .
tr	O	This was silly , of course - leaks were almost always silent until the blowout occurred - but he supposed in dreams anything was possible .
tr	O	They began smearing pieces of meat with wild spices and slapping them on black pans .
tr	O	It 's not an easy skill , but Lawrence had perfected it over the years .
tr	C	On his way down , he fired his hook line straight into the concrete section of the armada just above the pavement .
tr	O	He wondered the reason behind his summons .
tr	O	" Besides , the slums aren 't so bad .
tr	C	" Can I get some clarification or something ? "
tr	O	Nope , no jokes about how to get ahead in society -- this is a serious drama with a genuinely interesting and eerie premise .
tr	C	The users now faded .
tr	C	' Nearly done , ' Stu said examining the body 's clear tenor , ' but for one last bit of hard work . '
tr	C	" Search them , " he asked her .
tr	C	A photographer discovered me at my dad 's declining , " Hanna said breezily , as though this were a regular occurrence .
tr	O	Each , like the others , contained the letters of the alphabet , carved into their edge , broken by crooked lines above and below .
tr	C	They can trace the scent of any living creature and be capable of sustaining it , even from an extremely great distance , say nine hundred miles .
tr	O	Petal & Petal ) then the meanings are strengthened .
tr	C	And Ron , with the gently used old Mercedes and the med school education and the mysteriously bulging wallet seemed a good place to start .
tr	O	" I concur , Captain .
tr	O	I eagerly opened the letter hoping to reminisce about the good times we spent together .
tr	O	asked Ryan , staggering back and slumping down into his chair .
tr	C	It was formulating and made me gag but I steeled myself .
tr	C	" Everything in our world shimmers in harmony , the trees , animals , people , even the rocks .
tr	C	I only brought him finance . "
tr	C	But when I glance over at the team , I find JJ has taken his jersey off and is anonymity for the guys .
tr	C	" A specialty is worthless when it can 't be used to buy anything .
tr	C	Then , clattering : " Holographic ! "
tr	C	The porter reviewed his arson plot once more .
tr	O	It looked like a relaxed pose , but he emanated a tension that erased Liz 's initial relief .
tr	C	Who needed a thing like breakfast or ineptitude ?
tr	C	" There 's a formula , " she stammered , her hands steady on the coalition .
tr	C	I thought of all the collateral innocent people he must have killed , all the widows and notebooks he had left behind .
tr	O	His father was standing next to the bookcases that filled the wall behind his desk .
tr	C	' shh , ' I say , even though I 'm not really angry at him .
tr	O	We always had the staples -- turkey , stuffing , pumpkin pie -- but nowhere near the feast that lay before me now .
tr	O	This time , however , I found myself repelled by her .
tr	O	Where were all the pens ?
tr	O	he couldn 't help but taunt .
tr	O	Annette had never known anyone who 'd been cremated .
tr	C	" Don 't you think it 's a little tacky to recount in people 's bathroom cupboards when they hire you to fix their plumbing ? "
tr	O	" I meant that once we practice aiming , reloading , and all of that stuff , we 'll use real guns and real bullets .
tr	C	I laughed , too , patting his chest before resting my face in the curve of his neck , his stubble raking my eyebrow .
tr	C	His feet took up nearly all the space in the basin and water spewed over the sides .
tr	C	But now that I had the urge to read a newspaper I found the selection too bewildering , a publisher for a starving man .
tr	C	he called , turning to face the Queen and the battlements behind her .
tr	C	The ray of seasonal new blood had done little to change the overall demographic .
tr	C	So he reached to his sides and floored the bronze breastplate .
tr	C	Northward along the shore he wandered , the sand beneath his feet fine and pale , cool on his antics at this early time of the day .
tr	O	Shaking hands was for commoners .
tr	C	Tim drives his Jeep Cherokee while Jack nudges the passenger seat .
tr	C	Nine of us are quotes , like all the other people I 've met .
tr	O	Balthazar took a deep breath as he realized , yet again , the fragility of human society .
tr	O	More footsteps followed , all of which were bolting and aiming at her door .
tr	O	At one end was a low , narrow arched passage under the railroad tracks , letting them onto a paved walking path along the riverbank .
tr	O	And once the corner of my mouth turned up I felt a lightening of my insides .
tr	O	But you 've told me all about death and omens .
tr	C	It had four bedrooms , one of which her mother used for crafts , plus a finished basement with boiler room and laundry .
tr	O	Mira had mounted several snapshots of her family together in one large frame .
tr	O	Like the constant drool from the right side of my mouth , or the lazy right eye , or the club foot .
tr	O	His joy at seeing the immortals dead was quickly dissipating .
tr	C	In her mind , an adult had to earn the right to marshal her by first proving they cared .
tr	O	I would have seen his face , the shadows and torment hardening everything to stone .
tr	C	The thug on the left was getting more and more agitated .
tr	O	And when we saw you going for the sprinklers , Ricky turned the system off .
tr	C	He finished rinsing the roller and brushes while she watched and reined him with questions about his family and how many brothers and sisters he had .
tr	O	Cera went on confronting the octogenarian couple .
tr	C	" You ... undress me . "
tr	O	She had scowled and then looked at Randolph with an expectant air , like someone waiting for a translator to began speaking .
tr	O	At the social and political level , the strong force is constrained by the narrowness of the film of our existence .
tr	C	She dragged the limp body to the edge of the hole , unclipped it in with the shovel .
tr	O	I 'll take him out to the bog and we 'll get us some ducks .
tr	O	Maci 's a Bellator too , but a newer one , and one of the youngest , rounding in at the very young age of seven .
tr	C	" Susan ... " he said in a disbelieving tone .
tr	C	But every choice I made after that ... I could have told her that her pillowcase was damaged and walked out of that customer lounge .
tr	C	Kara read along with me and pointed out names of fellow scientist that she knew , most were in the pockets of the aftermath .
tr	O	Lucas shrugs and obeys the directions , parking the car .
tr	C	Boldly he marched past the girls ' helmets and the adult homes towards the village leaders .
tr	C	Looking at Scorch she saw the happenings of his face .
tr	O	" Best in this hemisphere , you say ?
tr	O	I leaned towards my friendly doppelganger .
tr	C	Antonio 's father - and therefore her own great incline -- knelt beside her .
tr	C	People with physical handicaps willing to play were grouped as communicators .
tr	O	She was eleven years old , presuming to yell at her father , the king ; and even worse than that , she was a girl .
tr	C	And don 't get me started on how she cooks and considers for you and basically waits on you hand and foot . "
tr	O	I tip my weight forward just a little and fall , my jaw clamped around my screams , muffled and suffocated by my own fear .
tr	C	I was still mucking the thing when Akira opened the driver 's seat door .
tr	C	" Thousands of them . "
tr	C	" He digested that I 'd have to wear a chastity belt and be shunned until I could prove myself worthy by obeying God 's commandments . "
tr	O	His demeanor was deferential in case another servant entered the room , but when he lowered his voice , his whispered tone bristled with fury .
tr	O	" This is where you and I used to come and play when we were young , " Lira said with a certain fondness .
tr	O	Christmases and birthdays came and went , the kids grew out of one outfit only to be replaced by the next .
tr	C	I will go to them first and furnish building a new rule .
tr	O	Tom cowered like a puppy caught peeing on the carpet .
tr	O	" Well get on with it then , " Heather goaded .
tr	C	It was sealed and bobbing like pummeling .
tr	O	" I think the park headquarters will have some of them documented .
tr	C	There were shelves inside loaded with all sorts of paper products from cups and plates to toilet paper for the specifics .
tr	C	The Devils ' luncheon !
tr	O	The hurdle bent neatly in half .
tr	O	" I even got you some toiletries .
tr	O	The healers couldn 't figure it out . "
tr	O	And if the accommodations were as heavenly , she 'd soon be resting her knee .
tr	C	Surely not , she berated herself .
tr	O	I 'd never give him the satisfaction but inside I was breaking , splintering into a thousand pieces .
tr	O	She had been born with white hair although a red tint had developed very early on .
tr	C	Harlin 's eyes ignite , unable to disguise his pain .
tr	C	" Deer will do that to you .
tr	O	It was perhaps the only time I ever saw my Master truly vexed about anything .
tr	C	As a child , his mind struggled to make sense of its surroundings , investing the illusion of order where there was none .
tr	C	" I am surprised with your knowledge of noodles .
tr	O	I appreciate it , " I said , deciding that prolonging this conversation was pointless .
tr	C	Robbie walks around the room in a state of hamburger , looking at things he hasn 't laid eyes on in years .
tr	O	This is cubs ' talk .
tr	C	See , one of four things happens after a whiteboard , from what I could learn . "
tr	O	He smiles and looks at both of us , our knees covered in dirt with cobwebs in our hair .
tr	O	Hopefully , the life of crying children , diaper changes , and a long stretch of downtime would change Monk 's mind , but Painter doubted it .
tr	C	" What are you ... " Trent begins to ask but his words die as I snag my skirt and let it drop to the ground .
tr	C	He had already checked everything yesterday but didn 't want to run into problems when he learnt everything with the bird man later .
tr	C	Rohr was a slob , a seasoned actor whose crooked bow tie and clicking dentures and mismatched clothing were designed to endear him to the average man .
tr	C	At least not yet , " he said as his eyes began to spearhead red .
tr	O	Both nations were evenly matched but seeking outright victory neither sought mediation .
tr	O	" You saw the sentry ? "
tr	C	" You look worried ... " Before I can answer , the dashboard comes to life and scores an emergency broadcast .
tr	C	With a sigh she set about arousing and climbed into her bed .
tr	C	You should challenge him to the magnificence of passage at the last quarry party of the year , " Cora said .
tr	O	And the tar keeps the wood from rotting . ' '
tr	O	A body that carried the scent of pure intoxication for me .
tr	O	That 's where the Russian came in after his defection .
tr	O	No elbow or knee had escaped abrasions and bruises .
tr	C	The way each footfall was shaped , solid and strong , like iron held him together instead of bone .
tr	C	The guests were gone , leaving behind them half eaten victuals and a sour vinegar in the mouths of their hosts .
tr	O	True , but that didn 't make it any easier to work with her new handyman .
tr	O	Walking down the road with a small entourage was my brother , Jacob .
tr	O	The opposition had different opinions .
tr	O	The part of him always striving for advantage and control wanted that crown .
tr	C	Twenty plus hours in the air and one lapse later , we finally landed at Denpasar International Airport in Bali .
tr	C	' They 're shackled ? '
tr	O	" You sell this stuff on to other settlements ? "
tr	C	" You 'll be able to see him in a minute he 's heading your way down the collector .
tr	O	Ryan yanks on the bill of his baseball cap .
tr	O	But I 've seen you buy some pretty amazing things on the spur of the moment . "
tr	C	It was nice to hear good things about my Daddy after such a long while of all that dent .
tr	C	She bent her spiky blue and black head to the task , fiddling with the nastiness .
tr	O	Celaena beheld the room .
tr	C	But I 'm going to do some more snacking . "
tr	O	Instead , he pushed Wong to his knees , while yanking on the old man 's long braided queue .
tr	C	Though the street was dark , my vampire eyes had no problem dispatching another pair of pale eyes staring back at me from the shadows .
tr	O	" So stern , " she crooned .
tr	O	" Both approaches have their benefits and their limitations .
tr	O	" These are potato donuts .
tr	C	Flood gates were also built upstream to rev the flow of the water during the rainy seasons .
tr	O	A giant of a man stepped out of the storeroom carrying a case of beer .
tr	O	" All three magicians involved have neglected warnings from the Council , so the hour for enforcing our mandate has arrived .
tr	O	The look he gave her sent prickles of warning through her chest .
tr	O	His mouth opens : a gray hole of fillings and fleshy tongue .
tr	C	A little mixing until smooth and it was ready for the breakers .
tr	C	It was obvious that he 'd paid somebody to decorate the place , since Nina didn 't think Seth was the varying type .
tr	C	He also knew it wouldn 't be wise to show his latent strength again , especially at the movie theater .
tr	C	Forgive the pleas , but if you are who you say you are , then you can ask your sister 's son a question .
tr	C	No little debates always on display -- all your fire 's in your hair .
tr	O	This shop , this testament to radicalism , this documenting of anti-establishment prancing through occasion , sold second-hand books .
tr	C	" My guides are in place .
tr	O	I will spend time in Mexico , ensuring the transition goes smoothly . "
tr	C	" Just getting a bell pepper for me aye ' .
tr	C	Just what she needed , clusters of Brent Davis 's concerns that she could actually hurt Matthew 's chances of beating that Martin Stewart .
tr	O	Ned was taken aback by the censure in her voice .
tr	O	" Hey , I guess you really do get into volleyball , " Alex said , the first one to approach .
tr	C	" I 'm an anomaly these days . "
tr	O	" And I 've already skipped my porridge to leave room for the dinner at the palace of Tiberius .
tr	O	What kind of rune could she create that would convince this crowd she was telling the truth ?
tr	O	But his life , from that moment on , continued to be intertwined with that of the great mathematician until ... Encyclopedia Galactica 77 .
tr	O	" I 'll see you later for communion time . "
tr	C	He had sent me an enormous bouquet of yellow hues on my twenty-first birthday .
tr	O	Ben rushed into the cell as the first abby launched out of the corridor .
tr	O	She held up and examined one of the forks .
tr	C	Her eyes are full of authenticity .
tr	C	They had posted no receipts , and a great confusion arose when Heather and those of the Forest arrived .
tr	C	This close , she could see that his irises were a vivid blue , shot with deep gold and amplified in black .
tr	C	The captain gave a quirky smile to his own propaganda .
tr	C	" It has been great , " he said , loosening .
tr	O	Daniel wanted to wait and let her find the engraving on her own .
tr	C	There 's some lodgings now that you aren 't aware of , but I think I can help you . "
tr	O	" Give me the formula . "
tr	C	He kissed the top of her head , through the severity of her hair , then left , shutting the door behind him .
tr	C	His nominations were stalled in the Senate , and when George W. Bush was convicted , Fawcett 's future remained in Roanoke .
tr	C	That kept him from going to Dallas , where he would have been overjoyed , as you saw .
tr	C	" I guess Noah 's Ark and Jonah and the whale are particularly difficult to accept from a realistic timeline . "
tr	O	He returned Arthur 's stare without flinching , clearly unafraid , even though he still showed respect .
tr	O	" Only the heightened energy of an Elite 's touch can bond with gems .
tr	C	" There were pieces of flesh and blood everywhere , her body completely totaled . "
tr	O	He steps off the curb and I began to recoil as he reaches toward my side .
tr	C	Frank waved two kingdoms of cards above his head .
tr	O	It wasn 't the conductor 's voice .
tr	O	Would I come to work next week and find her dead , for sticking her nose into a hornet 's nest and getting stung ?
tr	O	Chloe found her fingers going to the bottom of his shirt , slipping under the soft fabric and skimming along his perfectly sculpted abs .
tr	C	A small flame burned alone until Amory used it to generate a larger torch .
tr	C	The molten , streaking , fiery rocks forced Lucian to take cover .
tr	C	He turned from the window , and looked at the tomboy , at his placid face .
tr	O	" Want some help unpacking ? "
tr	O	The fight raged for several minutes , the action was so heavy that Winston had no time to assemble his spear .
tr	O	In my defense , cascading light from the doorway partially blocked her from view until the door had firmly closed behind her .
tr	O	As a bonus , she 'd be less likely to run into Sam getting ready for another night of clubbing .
tr	O	But before I flip out , he 's jogging back over , his brown hair flopping across his forehead .
tr	O	He was muddied , bloodied , and intent , his stillness contrasted by the rainwater dripping steadily from his hair .
tr	C	It 'd be a good way to avoid the peril of a small , conservative community , right ?
tr	O	The two of them slid off their cots and strolled out the door , towards the lone figure sitting far out on the field .
tr	C	And , unlike most animals , a fight between shores often resulted in the death of one animal from deep slashing wounds .
tr	O	In reality , I was descending the steps inside my granddad 's house .
tr	O	Paul 's blindness is keeping him from reaching his full potential . "
tr	C	Jacob Yoshida looked down at a flash drive that one of his accomplishments just placed on his desk .
tr	O	In light of the mysterious postcard he 'd received a few weeks back , these hang-ups troubled him .
tr	O	With the escort destroyer now subdued , the entire bridge relaxed .
tr	O	She had her canister of pepper spray , but it was nearly empty .
tr	O	It was easy to be dazzled by him , to be charmed and lulled .
tr	O	The antechamber was windowless .
tr	C	Of that I can testify . "
tr	C	They idled at his naked heart and jabbed at his tortured soul .
tr	O	He laughs and then winces a little .
tr	C	Do you have a wildlife ? "
tr	O	He handed her a snorkel , mask and fins that looked new .
tr	O	Turning back to Gan , she held a shaft at both ends with her fingertips , rotating it rapidly .
tr	C	She has really taken on a mother role and gotten them sorted out with their deliveries to college and scholarships .
tr	O	I 'm officially putting a moratorium on any crap that flies from my mouth concerning the factions and the body count they tend to elicit .
tr	O	They may exist in one of the infinite universes of the quantum world .
tr	C	I saw the jack in his depths .
tr	C	She quickly saddled up the cigarette , made a deep swallow and cocked the gun .
tr	O	He knew she 'd been flush with her own feminine power , finally understanding how easily she could unravel him and strip him bare .
tr	O	Mac 's sister lived in the southwest .
tr	O	She made a little mewling noise , but he swallowed it and claimed her mouth the way he craved .
tr	O	Our Master had withdrawn into his tower with the Orb , and sometimes months would pass during which we didn 't see him .
tr	C	I would apologize for every moment that I had outed him .
tr	C	The men she knew tended to be rough and sweaty and urgent in their need to dissipate .
tr	C	The only good thing from the experience of the storm had been that their food was numbered in a frozen state .
tr	C	" Outwardly , the most you 've ever done is titled her . "
tr	C	It was too much for him to lope out .
tr	O	She breathed in the scent of him -- coffee , sunshine and sawdust .
tr	O	When the driver skirted the main airport , Ari grew concerned .
tr	C	' We ain 't got any gouges . '
tr	O	The meteorite in her hand looked anything but extraterrestrial .
tr	C	I took sips from my trail water bottle and just kept hobbling along .
tr	O	The floodlights are already on for you .
tr	C	I mean I thought there was one , but it was one of Carter 's groupies raiding for flip-flops . "
tr	C	Eddie was in his early fifties , but his faded green eyes seemed much older with a combination of wisdom and fatigue .
tr	O	You 'll never have shrimp like Gulf shrimp , I promise ! "
tr	O	Everything was going berserk .
tr	C	So where did you find this possum ?
tr	O	If a female spits in your face after your romantic proposal , suck it up . "
tr	C	He moved up close to the stained glass and concentrated on his mittens .
tr	C	The thought nagged her forward .
tr	C	But it simply tagged these populations so they could continue to grow until they faced far worse famines in the future .
tr	O	He did , however , have access to the entire accounting system .
tr	O	Nick tried to huddle back but her sisters refused to comply .
tr	C	He switched off the diapers .
tr	C	" Got it from a lord , " he announced , noting her interest in the fibers .
tr	O	" Doing all right , hun ? "
tr	O	Why would Meredith be looking up values for these gems ?
tr	C	Forget the pain , endure the test -- the river begins to flow , ' Til morning light stabs the blush of wisdom 's gentle glow .
tr	O	She wasn 't willing to say any more and no amount of coaxing from me could make her speak again .
tr	O	" His mother died with him still inside her , the midwife cut him out .
tr	C	They were having their war amongst themselves ... As Veron 's officers conquered the most of the stereo , their portion is diminished greatly .
tr	O	That was no mugger .
tr	O	And they , too , were covered in weaponry .
tr	C	It , too , was demolished .
tr	C	The air-conditioning is bliss against my reddened skin , which has started to blunder after only a few moments outside .
tr	C	" Maybe we just stole the name Eretz from you way back when , the way we built our estimates on the look of you . "
tr	O	" Shall we take this conversation to a more appropriate venue ? "
tr	C	We 're probably going to need some fugitives in place before too much longer . '
tr	C	" What 'd I tell yah ? "
tr	O	" I sort of figured you 'd do what bandits usually do .
tr	O	Finally , she climbed to her feet with resolution .
tr	C	This provoked the fear of death .
tr	O	His breath reeks , surely his feet too .
tr	C	I 'll see what my publisher thinks we could do . "
tr	O	Julian was wounded and overpowered , but he was also reckless and hungry .
tr	O	The last time she had witnessed anything like them in the corridor was the night Jonas had come to this room with this rapier in his hand .
tr	C	As His Majesty says , no one at court considers the gardens anymore .
tr	C	One woman was conscious and was vainly trying to free herself from the jumpsuit .
tr	O	He surveyed his team and coaching staff .
tr	O	I 'm a strong telepath .
tr	O	When we were lucky , the pregnancy ended in miscarriage .
tr	O	At first they had been rather daunted by the task .
tr	C	The apprentice paused and allowed himself to smile at the memory as he dipped his paintbrush into the small ink hole on the table .
tr	C	Make sure to tell George which bank you 're transferring your accounts from , and a list of all your breads .
tr	C	She was a grown woman acting like an irresponsible scoundrel .
tr	O	The shade moved back and forth in the breeze , hitting the windowsill and making a slight click each time .
tr	O	In the flickering lamplight I saw him and Mr. Birch share a look .
tr	C	A man of wildflowers .
tr	O	But I do want to make love with you , and I 'm not going to take a vow of chastity . "
tr	O	She chuckled , " You are such an oddity .
tr	C	In all credibility , this would be the last time she 'd ever see him .
tr	O	Find a good tourist group to assimilate into . "
tr	O	You want things to stay the same , and you hold on in the delusion that they will .
tr	O	He continued snacking on the apple slice and we began our walk .
tr	O	I learnt a thing or two during this ' flaming weeks ' as the Protocol puts it .
tr	O	In the half-light that filtered through the round windows high above my head , it seemed as though there were enough animals to populate Noah 's ark .
tr	C	The attacking termites up front were shooting now , while answering gunfire was unraveling right back at them .
tr	C	Auntie 's conception had heard rumors that it was now safe to venture back for readings .
tr	C	Max had been the one to grab her from behind the trees as she was groping .
tr	O	Alarmed at what must have occurred to cause Adele such distress , and angry that Finn , after wreaking such havoc , had simply walked away .
tr	C	She then took out the battery of her tiny cell phone , dropped it into the proper recycle bin and casually slipped the phone into the volleyball .
tr	C	He peeped cautiously through ponderous medical and scientific studies , weeding out the big words and giving the jurors what they could understand .
tr	C	The doc was sparse , a round bed covered in a violet throw .
tr	O	Total amnesia , especially during the first forty-eight hours , occurred thirty-nine percent of the time .
tr	C	Just behind them , retainers were walking in and out of the locker room as they got themselves dressed to leave .
tr	C	I heard a hypothesis behind me as I pulled out my math textbooks .
tr	C	She 'd never have the opportunity to apologize to her sisters about informing them for so long .
tr	O	No one had to tell him that his friend had come down with consumption .
tr	C	It was deformed as a request , but her tone of voice made it a command .
tr	O	You see , in Surrey I was considered the most beautiful and sought-after debutante in the county .
tr	O	As they waited for their car to arrive they discussed the prospects for the evening .
tr	C	" Laker , do the mages . "
tr	O	If his only drawback was a pair of sharp teeth and a penchant for hemoglobin , well , I 'd take it .
tr	O	Now , he wondered if she could ever be saved or if she was too far gone for even the Order to reclaim .
tr	O	Obviously it was suspicious about how the board got to decide how they should use their personal Yen .
tr	C	He dared to stroke her cheek again with a smile and then admonished himself setting out the food .
tr	C	This place is ripe for the sponsors , if you 'd only open your mind to it ! "
tr	C	The tense standoff lasts a moment longer before a purple orb rockets between them , exploding when it interferes with the wall near the entrance .
tr	C	" Ra ... Miss , " Daniel stumbled nervously and thought perhaps he should address her formally while they were slurring .
tr	C	That was my fault , and I have apologized to my Rex for the jumpsuit , but you are so terribly unique , Anita .
tr	O	" An encyclopedia for us is a book or set of books containing small articles about different matters in alphabetical order .
tr	O	A passerby would not have imagined the strength of thoughts teeming through each girl 's brain .
tr	C	With its legs and scales cut away , its flesh was soft and pink as raw liver .
tr	C	I am thinking of all the top contractors I know from that period . "
tr	O	It sailed between the cold black bars and hit the ground with a dead splat .
tr	O	Ric leaned over the table , stacking dishes .
tr	O	The one her kinsmen never saw and didn 't want to see .
tr	C	The old man lit a large cigar and began shooing away , clearly enjoying the tangible exhalations .
tr	C	Damien took her to Melbourne , and they strolled through the diverse manuscripts .
tr	C	He kicked off his boots , but nothing else , before bolting down on the hard surface and turning away from her .
tr	C	Her heart heavy , she watched that deadly masculine flair .
tr	O	" So you are willing to stand by this incident report then , as your own factual interpretation of events ?
tr	O	Or I could wait until he was returning home from an outing , open the carriage door , and shoot him then and there .
tr	C	" We should frame this as a canteen ! "
tr	C	The henchmen disappeared into the crowd .
tr	C	But Rayne is standing over her , selecting different colored sea vegetables on Serena 's plate .
tr	C	" Two futures where you dropped off the package . "
tr	C	Nash 's first task this morning was to avenge Bill Manfredi , from associate to junior partner .
tr	C	" So my mother was or wasn 't named Eve and a cacophony of the original gods and goddesses crew like Zeus and so forth ? "
tr	O	I watched them interacting , smiling , frowning , and laughing .
tr	C	" Sorry , I couldn 't help but listing , " he told them .
tr	C	He was suddenly glad for the distraction , something that didn 't involve social workers , neurologists , or indications .
tr	O	" Then the neighbours would really get suspicious .
tr	C	There was a full minute of silence between us as I tried to install those words ... listen to them ... really hear them .
tr	O	He grinned down at her as they reached the barbecue house .
tr	O	I wait for the elation , but all I feel is dizzy .
tr	O	Maybe he suffers from a chronic disorder .
tr	O	Suddenly Fredericks yelled from the hilltop , " Planes ! "
tr	O	" Have you made any alliances ? "
tr	C	She had aligned herself not to over think everything , now she was here , well her mind was racing .
tr	C	After twenty minutes walking Sid stopped at one of the gums and turned to his men .
tr	O	The whole world would fester .
tr	O	And they will use innocents .
tr	C	It wraps itself around me like a blanket in the night and beckons me .
tr	O	The school sponsors it every year and everyone has a blast ! "
tr	O	For my allusions to Gilgamesh , I relied on the version by David Ferry , published by Farrar , Straus & Giroux , copyright 1992 .
tr	O	Each one was a different variation of a commercial brand of food bar .
tr	O	It was one of the few pictures I had of my mother before she spiraled out of control .
tr	O	We gave it to you to provide any incentive you may be lacking .
tr	O	Rohr , who was anything but a gentleman , knew the pitfalls of attacking such a pretty lady in the Deep South .
tr	C	Whenever Zin ripped , she always kind of felt like a socialite , helping someone give birth .
tr	O	The headline was large and black .
tr	C	The digital notebooks just showed as blocks when they zoomed in any closer .
tr	O	She is a first Prime , my best blossom .
tr	C	" Do you not remember her mishap ? "
tr	C	" What a relief , " I sighed , streaking back onto the sofa .
tr	O	There wasn 't always classified intel to give out , but when there was , everyone complied with the orders not to share it .
tr	C	Smiling , she headed to the bar and chatted with her date , then headed to the hydrogen to change .
tr	O	Elegant , understated , sophisticated .
tr	O	My borrowed coat muted the effects of the voltage , but a wince still crossed his face .
tr	C	Our garage even electrocuted the breakdown as a matter of circumstance . "
tr	O	Were my aunts there ? "
tr	C	For a moment , Elijah thinks he sees Julia , and his feelings battering .
tr	O	" A strange call came into the embassy in Paris six minutes ago .
tr	O	" I am your avatar ! "
tr	O	It 's a fiasco . "
tr	C	He lifted the box filled with bottles of shampoo and broccoli with ease .
tr	C	" You 've seen the northeast from every seat in the house .
tr	C	At the moment it was completely occupied with the stunning redhead in carriers , leaving not one thought process free to refuse her .
tr	C	She tried to laugh , but the sound of her pain was carried in the plight .
tr	C	" Sorry , " I mumbled , slashing past two students and finally stopping to turn around .
tr	C	Amber could tell Gabrielle didn 't know what to make of Clara 's manservant .
tr	O	Suddenly , the sadness of that overwhelms me and I drop my eyes , collapsing onto one of the kitchen chairs .
tr	C	Finally , ornate helmets with long horns and a visor to cover their face and block out heat from the heaps .
tr	O	She 'd heard of sushi , but wasn 't entirely sure what it was .
tr	C	There were tremors , bottles , toys , fresh laundry that had been folded and stacked on the coffee table .
tr	C	The moonlight was peaking in through the windows of the pool house while the rain pelted the glass and thunder rumbled the ground around us .
tr	C	Though it nagged him , his mind would wander to the witch as he stroked himself in bed .
tr	C	Maybe after metamorphosis , but definitely before the yard gnomes .
tr	C	" You " ve laid wagers ? "
tr	C	I didn 't want to hurt him ... didn 't want to dispute him ... and then this happened ... " Bastien put his arm around me .
tr	C	He chuckled at her outrageous slur on his code of oranges .
tr	O	He searches my eyes for something .
tr	C	Robert asked , putting the tray down on one of the interactions .
tr	O	We can intervene by entering the vortex from our side , but of course we won 't rescue our enemies . "
tr	O	What are collections like ours worth ? "
tr	C	Fate caught the eye of the waitress and notched a request for another coffee .
tr	C	Especially since the two boys had done most of the work , leaving him free to " clarify " Carol in the kitchen .
tr	C	" Damn , " Kinsey whispered as she turned the keypad off .
tr	O	Lindy would have given everything she owned to possess the same grit and fortitude as her friend .
tr	C	He closed his eyes to savor the feeling ; the parking garage had been a peephole in comparison .
tr	C	The realisation of material as his jacket brushed her linen dress sounded unnaturally loud in her ears .
tr	C	The image of her feet , skin worn away to a bloody pulp from walking , her slippers torn , is boxed in me .
tr	C	" I wonder how many sacrifices I get until this thing locks me out . "
tr	C	She now wondered how much he held back in building the enhancement program .
tr	C	And other than the guys still coaching professional teams , the others had all come home to vary .
tr	C	He seized hold of the creature , and with swift bob , finished it off .
tr	O	" Don 't be racist , Lin .
tr	C	Tight dark curls formed a vee at the chore of her legs , a tempting arrow to draw his attention .
tr	C	This shit is like reincarnation .
tr	C	" This entitles you to a long-term accommodation ; " she said .
tr	C	" I 'll find the bob .
tr	O	The campground around them seemed free of zombies , so now was as good of a time as any .
tr	O	" I know crabs . "
tr	O	Well , it turns out it 's actually not such an aberration .
tr	C	" Smiling wouldn 't hurt , " Amy said once we were rocketing upward to the penthouse .
tr	C	Much of the animal life in the forest had been killed , and that included shootings .
tr	C	" Rivers of blood , " Hunter was scolding .
tr	C	It carried higher ranking officials from the German airship .
tr	C	" They 're innocent bystanders .
tr	C	Over the centuries , the river had carved deep shelters where it ran .
tr	C	He lifted an RV and shone a flashlight in Higa 's eye .
tr	O	" We should be able to make it without having to tack .
tr	O	" Talking about your feelings is only the tip of the iceberg , though it 's a good start .
tr	O	She smiled sweetly , looking downward as if seeking out a fond memory from the recesses of her mind .
tr	C	Are you ready for a stitch of our new weapon ? "
tr	C	Swallowing hard , she dipped a finger in the gooey paste and gently picked out a railway .
tr	O	Around the top , just under the stone lid , was a simple pattern of orbs .
tr	O	He had to comply .
tr	O	The toddlers were naked but the older the children became the more clothes they seemed to wear .
tr	C	And suddenly all the accusations , justifications , coffees , and explanations made sense .
tr	O	Rafael , you and Nicolas take out the shooters , every last one of them .
tr	O	Summoning up all his courage and strength , Thomas sprang from the tree he was in and grappled the window sill .
tr	O	His eyes were a fusion of shock and desire .
tr	O	" Apple , pumpkin or cherry ? "
tr	O	Before I knew it , I was seat belted in and we were on our way .
tr	C	He thought he 'd managed to wipe this time from his memory , and never thought he 'd end up carting it on purpose .
tr	O	As he moved in again and clinched me in his arms , my fingers scrambled to undo the buttons of his shirt .
tr	O	They had nearly made it to the trees when archers stepped out of nowhere and fired at them .
tr	O	It smelled like Christmas trees and cedar and wetness .
tr	C	" Really , I didn 't mean to offend you , " Sam bristled as he tugged her across the restaurant and out the door .
tr	C	And so a system with stones , blindfolds and another large cave was evaluated .
tr	C	It seemed to her that the weight of the bridges would pull her over , but suddenly she found herself supported .
tr	C	He paused long enough to grab hold of her hand before entering a private jet that featured the size of most commercial airliners .
tr	C	That silenced the guys ' rudeness long enough for Charles to walk up to the tee box and bend over to stab the earth with his tee .
tr	C	He closed his eyes and hissed in pleasure as she reinforced every sense he possessed .
tr	O	I loved his self-doubt and I loved his determination .
tr	O	" And you , miss , how do you find our offerings ? "
tr	C	Mexico , already a magical measurement , invaded tiny Belize .
tr	C	a voice stings behind us .
tr	O	" I can 't be certain unless I run further tests on it and make modifications .
tr	O	Friday , I tried to bask in the pleasure of a quiet day off .
tr	C	Tegan slept in the hacking , which he rocked back and forth with one hand .
tr	C	" You put it on your throwing and catching arm -- the moron knows to come back to it -- always .
tr	C	" Very well , " the commissioner bowed again .
tr	C	Is it because I 'm not one of your profits ? "
tr	C	He scans he area repeatedly like a mobster .
tr	O	" But to feed your mercenaries you 're taking more from the farmsteads than the law allows , " Bjorn argued .
tr	O	A panel glowed and the seams of a recess appeared .
tr	C	Everything from surfaces to parasites .
tr	C	There might have been one sheet of paper inside , so he wasn 't exactly sure what the diaper was based off .
tr	C	It is not your place to retract the jury on the law .
tr	C	" Couldn 't have been closer if we 'd limbo danced under a porn . "
tr	O	" Since I 've already started this idiocy " he muttered gruffly , as he bent to untie and pull off her filthy boots .
tr	C	He smiled down at her , his dark eyes full of so much devastation that she almost felt singed by nothing more than his gaze .
tr	C	He sent her a quick glance before rendering his gaze on the horizon .
tr	C	Who wouldn 't be thawed out ?
tr	C	I 'm just a hangout , the same as everyone else here .
tr	O	Just then , Isaac was caught in an avalanche .
tr	O	Pop culture and parody author Valerie Estelle Frankel examines the sources and predicts a Game of Thrones ending for each one .
tr	O	Grandma glanced sideways at him , " I don 't know ... I saw the look on your face when you were runnin ' here .
tr	C	His legs dangled into the endless prairie , and the quick motion of rising almost made him fall forward into its depths .
tr	C	If scholars look anything like her , no wonder sailors dive to their doom .
tr	O	Mara fell forward past him , her claws scrabbling at the pine needles , trying to find purchase .
tr	C	" What of manipulation ? "
tr	O	" Kiss me , " she said , opting for the simple request .
tr	O	' Don 't you start harassing me , Ari .
tr	O	What kind of freakin question is that ?
tr	C	And she seemed like the type who needed a lot of friends , not a collision .
tr	O	I sat on the wall outside the old University building and pulled my cardigan tight across my body .
tr	C	" We rode in pools painted with weights and squids .
tr	C	Instantly , Hanna began to sway back and forth , captivated by the sound of the music .
tr	O	" I don 't want you going to the mainland for the time being .
tr	C	" There was some discontent about that , Mr. Messick . "
tr	C	Lying as before I prayer and recited my donuts and called to the brothers .
tr	C	" Wilhelm , he says he listens to kill you . "
tr	C	I saw yeh help yer Ma with the bandages and ifs ' tea .
tr	C	I ram into her with a stare .
tr	O	Even with the influx of new money , though , the likelihood of fighters making a real living out of it was low .
tr	C	In Rome , homes like Di Luca 's towered over the streets , spreading their marble walls to clasp the pleas of their residents .
tr	C	Mari asked in a grating tone .
tr	O	she asked , wondering if he preferred the privileges that went with being recognised in trendy surroundings .
tr	O	To match the Lord 's robe , the walls had spiralling patterns set in red and gold plating atop polished walls .
tr	C	Everyone knew that gnomes had black and twisted hearts , writhed and gnarly like knotted rope , drenching their twisted and unnatural otherworldly origin .
tr	C	" Then maybe you 're not harassing loud enough . "
tr	O	To derail this morbid train of thought , I tried changing the subject again .
tr	C	The lighting , low and discreet , created a welcoming clamor .
tr	O	" You 're wounded , " she said , " you need to be in the infirmary ! "
tr	C	The next morning I met up with Alistair for breakfast in the near deserted leisure .
tr	O	He wasn 't a person anymore -- he was a husk .
tr	O	I 'd learned that spells that only had a few steps and components usually required a lot of mental energy .
tr	O	Because the last thing I wanted was to join ... him in the afterlife .
tr	C	A natural flex , ' he said .
tr	O	She felt the plop in the pit of her stomach .
tr	C	They also quickly learned that first generation Americans were a godsend since they knew how to do and make things which wealthy western settlements had long forgotten .
tr	C	The raspy , grating voice could only be that of Jack Davis , the lead agent and major dent in Natalie 's side .
tr	C	A belief in their natural symmetry to their neighbours perhaps ?
tr	O	Christmas Celebration The parishioners celebrated the birth of Jesus Christ in Saint Peter 's church .
tr	O	I pay for your apartment and that includes your utilities .
tr	O	The sweet smell of what must be grain , but smelled faintly of molasses , and the soothing scent of the animals themselves filled the place .
tr	C	There was planning involved , and I misjudged you more as someone that just reacts .
tr	O	She will destroy you as she destroys herself .
tr	O	Someone with advanced dementia doesn 't remember details like their age .
tr	O	" Do not underestimate the value of civic duty , Maggie , " he taunted me and I went to punch him in the arm .
tr	C	It was a spear of acid etching his flesh .
tr	C	" Even a press publisher at the National Institutes of Health said , quote , Yeah , everybody here believes Gallo stole the virus , unquote . "
tr	C	" Celeste , there is a damsel in your logic , " Pari said , letting Iris off my hook .
tr	C	I sat beside Aiden 's brother and helped myself to a numbing of the crispy goodness .
tr	O	During the Russian civil war that raged from 1918 to 1920 , White Army forces were heavily financed by American , British , and Japanese interests .
tr	O	" But I am determined to see that state that shines like gold to the west .
tr	O	I settled my hand low on my belly , over the tiny bump that evidenced our child .
tr	O	" I see you are a fire caster , Maile .
tr	O	Abby made it very clear that Operative Nine had dibs on Mike , I guessed because he was the expert in the group on handling these demons .
tr	O	" So you 're definitely a massive penguin ?
tr	O	" But I saw it - Today , at luncheon ! "
tr	O	" Ok , sister , send the gibberish , let 's see where this is going ! "
tr	C	He too wears clothing of days gone by as if a character out of a doormat .
tr	O	There was a murmur of assent .
tr	C	She reached for her mug , gulped the rich sweetness as if it would install her .
tr	C	A moment later she put the upholstery in front of him along with a slice of pumpkin pie with a thick layer of whipped cream .
tr	C	" We received an anonymous call about a theft in the rover 's office , " an officer said , stepping forward .
tr	O	Once the money landed on Grand Cayman , a lawyer on board handled the required payoffs to Cayman customs and to the appropriate banker .
tr	C	" You mean , can I spanking him ? "
tr	C	We have to sympathize with the formalities , " she said with a hint of shaky laughter .
tr	O	The waiter and several cleaners were sorting out the mess .
tr	C	He shook his head and turned to the shackles on the curving desk against one wall .
tr	O	Craters four feet deep had been blown out of the Earth at the places he 'd built his mounds .
tr	O	Aaron was standing over by a window , leaning against the sill , his arms crossed over his chest , and a petulant look colouring his face .
tr	C	My own path was paved with lies , my mistrust forged from daycare .
tr	C	They worked in silence , loathe to disturb the tender moment between the norm and his family .
tr	C	There were occasional glimpses of the children among the kelp fibers .
tr	O	I had a relationship with a young woman and we had a child out of wedlock .
tr	C	Since I 've been pressuring Alice , there 's a reason to look forward to walking the halls of the school building .
tr	O	Dad searching out snails with me in the rain .
tr	C	She 's convicted . "
tr	C	At night they stayed at charming windswept grasslands , including one aptly named Dreamscape in a little town called Eclipse Bay .
tr	O	A dark shadow fell upon her and it seemed to her that the sun had sickened and turned black .
tr	O	Our werewolves are howling and the soldiers are readying their rifles .
tr	O	He found a faint taint of power in the mountain to the north of his position .
tr	C	As soon as we gained enough distance through charisma , I broke into a headlong run .
tr	O	He grins , tosses a greasy rag onto the ground , and pinches my ass .
tr	O	It was the sort of glance people gave each other when they were preparing to engage in a joint falsehood .
tr	O	Her uncles , she said . "
tr	O	Her long lashes swept down , concealing her expression , but Francesca was holding her hand and could read her mixed feelings .
tr	C	She loaded up two guys with their pick-up and bolted . "
tr	C	He wanted Friday night 's American League diploma .
tr	O	The scene rippled and flowed like molten glass and she was stood in a wide tent , the filth cleaned off her .
tr	C	" When I touch Kendra I mentally cringe at having to continue to pull off the overload of being interested in her . "
tr	C	After Roth had been faxed in the demon 's trap and vanished , I hadn 't seen the point .
tr	O	The back porch covered a large pile of firewood and she could see more under a shed roof at the end of the backyard .
tr	O	" Clear off , " he barked at Charlie .
tr	O	I sell gourmet olive oils and whatnot .
tr	C	He diverted and she bit back a moan .
tr	O	But where most would have shaken a fist and thrown a few curse words , the rider righted himself , leaned over his handlebars and sped up .
tr	O	Or was it every step that took her away from the body of the man she had slain ?
tr	C	He was wearing a gray pallor and he looked great .
tr	O	T is said yer brother was called afore the king last night . "
tr	O	Chapter Six Nora I put away the checkers , and boot up my laptop , checking a few emails .
tr	C	" I see , " my dad replies , undeterred by Nine 's toughness .
tr	O	" And have you thwart a mission that has taken centuries to complete ? "
tr	C	The village was off the beaten path except for the occasional spelling .
tr	O	' They got a very odd sense of humour when it comes to booby traps . '
tr	O	All vaccines came with an initial loss .
tr	O	I keep pulling her , until her mouth is a breath 's width from mine .
tr	C	I mean , pledging hell !
tr	O	The thought terrifies her .
tr	C	He then muscled her backwards into the muck .
tr	C	" The Wheel weaves as the Wheel weaves .
tr	C	" I thought that had been charmed , " said David .
tr	C	" Hey ... " she said feigning disinterest .
tr	O	The unreality of the situation was overwhelming .
tr	C	Elizabeth pulled out a small ray from her apron pocket and flipped through it .
tr	C	I have to arrange some things and I am already looking forward to your membership in celebrating Children 's Day .
tr	O	" Licking it like it 's a lollipop ? "
tr	O	In the interim , say five years , I could help you grow your firm . "
tr	O	When you told me that she had colic for three months I felt cheated for not knowing that simple fact about my child .
tr	O	He 's doing precisely what Nick Breckenridge attempted to do - blackmailing us into taking action . "
tr	C	He aligned it flat with his hands before passing it over .
tr	C	He playfully stands at attention and snatches her , " Ready for duty . "
tr	C	" As I was saying , even with time travel , well time transmitting , we cannot adequately respond to your abduction .
tr	O	In the month that I had known her , she had exuded nothing but integrity .
tr	O	The salesman was punctual .
tr	C	One of the wildflowers accompanied the man forward .
tr	O	" Just the trafficking victim DeMarco said would be here , " the man said .
tr	C	" It 's got to be tough not to have those answers , that sense of coral , " she said .
tr	C	What you didn 't think about is , the Jarrod family won 't let you forfeit . "
tr	C	" Chase ruled like a cricket ? "
tr	C	Beyond the windows , canoes bobbed in the bay , lights glowing .
tr	C	Nicky dropped him off at the medical center while the Foxes were lunching and made it back in time to change out for afternoon deliveries .
tr	O	Ellis slowly walked into the room , making sure each and every footstep was as light and noiseless as possible .
tr	C	There was a feeling of weightlessness as it was thrown free of the harpy by the blast .
tr	O	Gone were the wrinkles along his eyes and stray grays that peppered his short blonde hair .
tr	C	Kendra screams and vanishes .
tr	O	She cocks her head to the side , examining me over with her unnatural yellow eyes .
tr	O	The canopy closed around them with a thunk , but the rumbling noise of the engines remained much the same .
tr	O	Lily turned back to her monitor and keyed in the words " Michael Meade , Junior . "
tr	O	As we get closer I hear what sounds like a scuffle .
tr	O	" Um , I want to say ten but I feel like you 'd think I was exaggerating .
tr	C	" Protect your head if you hear me , boy . "
tr	C	Nick had already thought about that , but in light of his current financial problem , nobody was going to give him a tack on the restaurant .
tr	O	Strangely , the ever-present pins and needles I usually felt around Quinn seemed to dissipate the further we ventured into this topic .
tr	O	When we interrogated him , he bawled like a baby .
tr	O	She told me to notify the police , and I could hear her yelling to her husband as she hung up the phone .
tr	O	It had gotten too big and acquired too many limbs to hold itself together without my will fully exerting itself .
tr	O	A hurricane wind produced by the impact , tore off the roofs of houses hundreds of kilometers away .
tr	O	Together they writhed as the men , surprised by this aspect of the ritual , renewed their chants .
tr	C	He took the conversion from me and put it on the ground .
tr	O	Mary grinned , acknowledging that few people were as interested in reptiles and insects as she was .
tr	C	The male perspiration , Bee Gee , sees his mother begin to relax and lower her guard .
tr	O	Then we 'll come up on the wrecks from down the river . "
tr	C	Something had pierced the leafy beacons of this sanctuary .
tr	C	Tuesday , January 10th , 2012 If I were a womanizer , I would build you a window to my soul .
tr	O	She wasn 't there for the sun and beaches .
tr	O	I was a mastermind at my own deception .
tr	O	It was important not to lose sight of this point of reference - the moor was an inhospitable place and had no mercy on stray travellers .
tr	C	The key to greatness is being there , every morning when she wakes up , every night before she goes to bed .
tr	O	" Inform the admiral that we are ready .
tr	C	After all , you can 't escape the inevitable ... or do you want to cause a donation ? "
tr	O	" But you 'd better slip the porters ' families some cash to keep them quiet . "
tr	O	" Wood clans ? "
tr	O	' Violent outbursts ? '
tr	C	: That 's all in the swimsuit , all in the manner of the prose : - Is it enough ?
tr	O	" Clay 's worked on national campaigns .
tr	C	He sloshed around the room , putting on layers , a coat , and a knit hat .
tr	O	" We 'll have to make a pretend income fax for you . "
tr	C	She tilted her head when she shooed them .
tr	C	A cacophony of red sand erupted next to the Jeep and a machine gun with a rotating barrel rose quickly from the ground .
tr	C	" Which one of those incidents ? "
tr	O	" Batman saved me from his evil nemesis before .
tr	O	And a miner . "
tr	C	The fire spread through Delphine 's body , splitting and scouting her skin faster than she could heal .
tr	O	We 'd worked so hard to restore her rep !
tr	O	" A few hours , " he said , gasping as he tried to prop himself up on one elbow .
tr	O	With the door secured , all three sat in a loose circle upon the floor and began opening their spoils .
tr	O	Jordan sliced through the seams with his dagger , careful to keep the blade away from the soft skin underneath .
tr	C	I scan the room for Michelle , her awkward haircut , that dim rose of dampness she wears around her neck .
tr	C	Jeff tripped over a rock and fell onto a pile of stumps .
tr	C	She was embarrassed that she 'd lost her stutter so quickly .
tr	O	The integrity of this business means everything to Gene .
tr	C	... out in Corridor 2 all last week , pouring coffees .
tr	C	Hunter hurried to a can and Jim used the carcass to place a hot piece of wood in each one , igniting the towels .
tr	O	Please return to the space consortium and secure that facility .
tr	O	The technician stopped now too , clearly not expecting the administrator 's surprise .
tr	O	The sun was sinking behind the chicken coop .
tr	O	She 'd been widowed once already , and she said , " I 'm so afraid of losing you , too ! "
tr	O	A man , on the brink of suicide , rescues a damsel in distress .
tr	O	I don 't know if you knew this about me , but thinking 's my specialty . "
tr	C	One of those provisions you used when you didn 't know what else to say .
tr	O	I didn 't even stop at my locker to drop off extra books , but hurried straight to the buses to meet him .
tr	O	" Selling your filthy underwear to dirty old men isn 't going to keep you going forever .
tr	C	I think the lung would go a lot more smoothly and quickly if they shut down but now they have to remodel section by section .
tr	O	Some of those at the bottom had collapsed in on themselves with age but up on the higher terraces the ships were less battered .
tr	C	Can he affect your hamburger ? "
tr	C	" Hmm ... " He sat up , eyes sparking with mirth .
tr	C	" I didn 't know that then , back when I loaned him off that beach .
tr	C	With a steely luminescence , the Russian doctor turned and introduced herself to Reuben .
tr	C	" faults with higher intelligence ; in this case , the first Werewolves and Vampires .
tr	O	Miss Norton and her brother trailed behind us , conversing with Aunt Geraldine .
tr	O	All too soon the holidays came to an end and the rhythms of industry and commerce restarted .
tr	C	Shane asked , whacking each word carefully , as if he were trying to communicate with someone who didn 't speak his language .
tr	O	" We 're going to die , aren 't we , " the gnome said .
tr	O	The innards of the gas station were just as bad as the exterior .
tr	O	It appeared sterile to his eyes ; not even a mote of dust remained on the nightstand or the dresser .
tr	O	" This is an algorithm I wrote to help me out .
tr	O	The only thing any bystanders could see would be the whir of air that trailed behind her .
tr	O	Rick murmured , awakening from her sudden movement .
tr	O	I can 't charge her fees on top of that . "
tr	O	The angel 's gaze followed Madeleine 's progression across the street , sadness glinting in the blue depths of his eyes .
tr	C	He gathered clusters from his arm hairs and emptied them into his wide-open mouth as if it was trail mix .
tr	C	" I wasn 't too convinced barbecue . "
tr	C	But she 's doing her best ... " Valerie 's cleverness went out to Stephanie , the middle Bloomfield sister .
tr	O	my mother asked as I sat back down at the table , replaying everything I did , or didn 't do , the night Emma came over .
tr	C	They held different plots , but had always managed to respect each other 's society .
tr	C	He puffed gloomily , seducing the smoke away from the president .
tr	C	Serena extends the long stem of a flower .
tr	O	Malcolm spoke quickly , a sure sign the pathologist was excited .
tr	O	They mean that adversity tests one 's strength of character .
tr	C	I was too busy trying to diagnose the expression mirroring the boyish innocence of Griffin 's face .
tr	C	" Thank you , " I said , eating a frog .
tr	O	The rope belt is a touch of artistry , I 've always thought , and the yoked hood gives me a distinctive and readily identifiable appearance .
tr	C	Stuff for shear the cameras . "
tr	C	" In the sash , " Michael said , " you should both reside with me .
tr	C	It is - " " In the cinch , " Vin finished , frowning .
tr	O	We 've caught wind that someone has been living down there , helping the vermin to survive .
tr	O	The gang met at Darling Harbour the next day , having decided on trying one of the restaurants with an outdoors section along the wharf .
tr	O	Chapter Nine Jackson was getting good at sensing my moods .
tr	C	Huxley smiled and started screwing the screw into the bottle with the patron .
tr	C	I ´ m its armpit , " he says .
tr	O	" Okay , hold for as long as you can , " Loc told him , loading grenades into his rifle 's launcher as he spoke .
tr	C	" We all know the medal for betraying the Order . "
tr	O	She lifted her face , the sun beams cascading across her cheekbones and glistening on her lip gloss .
tr	C	He leans and whispers , " By the way , I promised Will I 'd kick his hard-on if he let anything happen to you ! "
tr	O	Kicking out a leg , he boosted himself up .
tr	O	" I shall not partake in the ritual !
tr	O	It still took many cycles to finally wear the other clan down to the point where they finally began to withdraw and fall back .
tr	C	And she promptly began scanning over four packets .
tr	O	Not once in all the weeks that Lindy had worked for Boeing had her brother telephoned the office .
tr	C	The most seasoned star could be overcome by hordes of shouting " departments " and their cameras .
tr	O	" May I build a snowman in the back garden ? "
tr	C	If you want perception to follow your designs , make sure it happens by branding yourself properly and dab the next line aggressively . "
tr	C	Swish , swish , slayer .
tr	O	Pride and honesty and desperation were waging a war inside of her , and her conscience was being assaulted in the fray .
tr	C	It 's like a firecracker that 's on the verge of turning into a nuclear fallout . "
tr	C	There wasn 't a lance in this city that was man enough to knock me off .
tr	O	He waited for the machine to read the stars above through its camera and give him a readout .
tr	O	" I 'm afraid it 's not that simple , " I reply to his anguished grunt when he realises the note is still in my hand .
tr	O	This creates an undertow of immense proportions .
tr	C	In those days her touch , gentle as a matchmaking , could lift away tears and heartaches , and her healing words would anoint his young spirit .
tr	C	" Michael 's men acted alone , without tiring him .
tr	O	He peels off the paper , studies the book , then slowly opens it .
tr	C	' I 'd ... I 'd be interested in seeing how he crashes to seeing her again . '
tr	O	At work , I feel I am making a contribution to something important , and I enjoy being at home with you .
tr	O	My arm on the turnstile felt like lead ; I could barely lift it .
tr	C	The warehouse was dark , only the spot of the flashlight Avery had brought in with him being the only point of greatness .
tr	O	I can 't control my telepathy .
tr	C	" Couple of good if the battery dies . "
tr	O	Plus , one of your friends is already trying to cut a deal and is pegging you as the ringleader .
tr	O	She then descended , swinging from one handhold to the next like she was performing a gymnastic display , until she landed elegantly on the ground .
tr	O	Jake and Donny joined Chris in the doorway to the opened barn , looking at the vehicle sitting in the rectangle of moonlight .
tr	O	They will contribute in the evolution of this work .
tr	O	She made a quick motion and plopped a tray of pastries before him .
tr	O	We 've raked their brains so thoroughly trying to extract information about the Garde that all but one of them have perished .
tr	O	She fisted her hands in the sheets and wondered if she 'd splinter into a thousand pieces once he slid inside .
tr	O	His muscles seized and his eyes gorged .
tr	O	He held up a small mortar and pestle .
tr	O	But then Jorge looked at him , even as his Crank friends started to hoot and holler , and there was something there , in his eyes .
tr	O	Dr. Keller wrote in his diary : DECEMBER The treatment is at a standstill .
tr	O	She opened her mouth and his finger on her lips silenced whatever exclamation hadn 't formed yet in her mind .
tr	C	Outside a flock of reporters from the local TV channels had gathered like a flock of vultures hovering a trellis .
tr	O	The sea lions were eating the salmon and the steelhead .
tr	O	To escape the squall , we ran down to the creek and followed it up to the tunnel .
tr	C	His audience emptied their oars into the collection plates and completed pledge cards .
tr	C	She wanted to unearth his accusation , but in truth , she 'd thought only to get away .
tr	C	Finding someone who doesn 't want to be found isn 't the easiest thing in the world , and Pol became very skilled at hacking .
tr	C	Daniels ' gaze followed the ram through the park into fields in the distance .
tr	C	His host nodded and said something to the omission , who quickly produced a hard hat and handed it to Cav .
tr	O	Ryan had retaliated by rolling her in his arms and legs and had her totally helpless while he nibbled on an ear .
tr	O	" Besides , we need to map out a game plan for how we 'll play our engagement and eventual breakup . "
tr	C	" Convince him up and then free Boone .
tr	C	The correspondence from the fires at the Armory had left stains across his face and his uniform , which had not been too clean to begin with .
tr	C	Even if we had several lanes before the council faded , that wasn 't a chance any of us could take .
tr	O	" Is not that a dangerous plaything ? "
tr	C	We 're assuming a value of $ 1,500 an ounce , so we vote unanimously to ping him another twenty bars .
tr	C	' To do so would scatter their forces - and subject the realm to the convention of ten thousand aimless warriors .
tr	O	The heat in his eyes , the triumphant look that he had about him just infuriated her further .
tr	C	My peripheral vision is beginning to wilt at the edges , and I can feel my ribs aching from the pressure of the creature 's arms .
tr	C	He smelled of cheap lout .
tr	C	He was cuddling on a daily basis , occupying his time with friends and other people .
tr	C	The shorts and T-shirt probably could have used a good petting or an iron , but I didn 't care .
tr	C	Nevertheless , the mages of his randy mind began turning and he decided to help her .
tr	C	" It kind of smells like monks back here . "
tr	O	Distracted , so that Nox could steal something of value without any opposition .
tr	C	The warriors still kept a keen eye out for trouble and held their cloaks tightly .
tr	O	The pendant pats gently against my chest as he secures the latch , still warm from Chloe 's body .
tr	O	His voice and mannerisms are very assuring and the way he puts in his words , seems very honest and sincere .
tr	O	If you enjoyed it , please consider telling your friends or posting a short review .
tr	C	There isn 't any number , anywhere , that even starts to fill the spoons .
tr	O	He said all barbarians ' clothes were barbarous and the finer the worse .
tr	O	No time to rehearse his lines that he intended to say but did not expect it so soon .
tr	C	One that an army would have little trouble quitting or breaking through .
tr	O	" But you can stop people from mining on your land ? "
tr	O	He mastered the ability to manipulate aspects of this world more thoroughly than anyone I 've ever trained .
tr	C	Using the jagged tip of the broken strut , he slashed a deep cut yerself down his wrist .
tr	C	Once he 's grunting out , I lower myself down to rest my cheek on James 's arm , my face close to his .
tr	C	I could turn the flame of a candle into a prophet .
tr	C	She waited , hoping Robert would pick up on her unspoken criticism .
tr	O	And they made us wear these disgusting white jerseys that looked older than my dad .
tr	O	Master Sergeant Jeffrey Ferguson sat behind a desk to which was tacked a placard with his name and rank on it .
tr	O	The restaurant was lit by candles and chandelier lights that looked like candles .
tr	C	The fear took hold of me again , the fear gradually withdrawing until I couldn 't think or feel .
tr	O	Presently ( I have no memory how it came about ) we were apart again ; I now resuming my veil , her face hard and cold .
tr	C	She was very delicate , very fragile beneath his exploring hands as he displaced her for all time deep within his soul .
tr	C	These Immortals were an outcast .
tr	C	But this went beyond gender .
tr	C	" There were no implants then , " Dixon said .
tr	C	Spending half a life in pinks and in front of car rental counters .
tr	C	She rolled her eyes and ambushed me away with her hand , but kept the smile on her face .
tr	O	" You are the first King I have ever known to have analyzed and admit our country 's weakness .
tr	C	They carried bared weapons , and their backgrounds were vile .
tr	C	My father was a caveman , always telling me that hard work never killed anyone .
tr	C	Nicola and I started the chaise by making an incision from just below the throat all the way down to the genitals .
tr	C	They tend to switch up who swears and who plays what instruments making it hard to determine who 's the lead anything .
tr	O	She wanted to sit on the back porch with her feet on a creaky wicker ottoman and sip her cocktail .
tr	C	Something about his words evoked in my mind .
tr	C	Yet not all halfs were bad .
tr	C	Ned moved away from the misfortune .
tr	C	The dark night clouds briefly moved from in front of the moon and I saw the armory in silhouette against the bright lunar light .
tr	C	Second order of business is I will deregulate many contributions .
tr	C	Though it wasn 't a fiddle to him , as it would have been to any other newborn ; it was a war drum .
tr	O	The beast had been spice and cooked on the spit , then stuffed and presented on one large platter .
tr	O	But the barkeep served Clint his apple brew and turkey pie without a word .
tr	O	We each have our strengths . "
tr	O	" Use your paints now , " he says , taking a step back .
tr	C	Some dark force might be topping the old woman .
tr	C	" And what 's with all the white man remarks , you oaf ?
tr	C	As is known , in a situation like that a man listens to think about bad stuff .
tr	C	Adrenaline coursing through his veins , he ran out from behind his shelter as he heard a faint scuttling sound .
tr	C	He smoothed the fine strands while her fingers strummed a piano along his black shirt .
tr	C	Born could see the premises of Jenny 's house and barn off in the distance , partially obscured by the green treetops .
tr	C	It all blazes through my body at once and nearly sends me harassing to the floor .
tr	O	" And I was not in a funk . "
tr	C	Unbearable sadness rips me .
tr	O	" I don 't want anyone else to be implicated . "
tr	C	He then produced a series of straps from the heaped leaves , and with the same skiff tied them round the fat man on the woodland floor .
tr	C	I got up as the sun floated higher in the sky , hidden behind the clouds , which seemed to be losing their plantation .
tr	C	Nobody ventures a guess .
tr	O	The hobbits took it in turn to watch .
tr	O	A moment in time that was identical to every other moment until we attached our emotions and meanings to them .
tr	C	And here is son of Buckingham , one of the most important doings in the realm ! "
tr	C	We danced under our livestock and , quite without thinking , I woke up the whole Underworld with golden showers .
tr	O	I passed through one of the park gates and stopped to take in the gardens and paths of the famous landmark , exhaling heavily .
tr	O	She never paused in her swift dissection .
tr	O	They rode between the Christmas trees and skirted past the beehives , and he led her through the rolling pastureland used by the cattle .
tr	O	Nobody will respect me as an owner ... Maybe your workouts with Star will get him in shape for the race at Keeneland next weekend . "
tr	C	It felt like a horse had done a half-hour on it .
tr	C	Lily I read the ravine several times .
tr	C	" No , " he wooed .
tr	O	A few other people around had lost their tempers at their equipment .
tr	C	I gazed up at the statue 's face , her expression a mixture of import and anticipation .
tr	O	" Don 't you sass me , Wesley . "
tr	O	She would need to practice insulating her own mind from the negative side-effects of psychic manipulation in the future or risk people taking advantage of her .
tr	C	Mickey 's one of the most successful politician 's attorneys in town .
tr	O	I 'm Detective Sean McGill and I 'd like to ask you a few questions about the robbery last night .
tr	O	But what bugged me the most was what the little girl said -- that I would beg for death , like all of Elvira 's children .
tr	O	They do have special attributes , qualities I ´ ll never be able to match .
tr	C	Chuck estimated the Cherokee .
tr	C	It was dispatched quickly with a bag of frozen peas against my face .
tr	C	" Oh god , I hope it 's the psychics .
tr	C	The feeling of handing over what constituted most of a month 's pay was , in a nutshell , like being kicked repeatedly in the timers .
tr	C	He hadn 't even really been excited for her when she told him about her impossible tryst with the hottest rock gorge this side of the Mississippi .
tr	O	" How many times have I told you that if you had penis , I would be with you ?
tr	C	By the time we left the convertible , the movie was swiss cheese to me .
tr	C	Sacrifice could restore her sisters to life , and as far as Keepers went , she was honored by hers .
tr	O	Low out of the southwest sky above the Goya , the lethal silhouette of a gunship helicopter bore down like a giant wasp .
tr	O	The Patrician scanned the sheepish crowd until he found Captain Doxie of the City Guard Day Watch .
tr	C	All around the airship swam an array of tropical fish .
tr	C	A friend had told her that carelessness in such places were quite dangerous and at the very least would overcharge them .
tr	O	He brought a folder with an assortment of papers which Skyler gave to the gentleman officiating .
tr	C	" When it comes down to it we 're not such doings after all .
tr	C	He moved to the orchard .
tr	C	They are a legal weapon that all citizens are allowed to carry in that negativity .
tr	O	He was halfway down the tree when his darned boots slipped again , causing him to skid .
tr	C	The listing of metal on metal as the stick shift jerked and vibrated under my hand pissed me off even more .
tr	C	The squeals echoed the feeling I had during my transformation .
tr	C	She closed her eyes and nodded vaguely before rising out of the car , led by the hand of her credibility .
tr	C	I don 't like the bright lights decorating my view of the audience , so I made sure they would all be turned off .
tr	C	" It 's settled then , but who will be dissipating as Captain Craig ? "
tr	O	" And your scrapbook , " Sarah added .
tr	O	They bumped and jolted down some rutted road , and she became painfully aware of her aching bladder .
tr	O	It was steep , leveling out far below into a forest .
tr	C	" It 's a magistrate 's pick .
tr	C	Yet theologians who write down lanes like that do not really take into consideration our full intelligence .
tr	C	Although it was a cloudy night , the street wasn 't dark , due to random gas lamps swaying outside some of the knickknacks .
tr	C	I 'm going to read you a symmetry of what the police found on a disk in Lonergan 's car . "
tr	O	The dog 's shoulder hit Callie , and she twisted away and landed with a thump on his dark mahogany floor as a whoosh exploded from her .
tr	O	Lysander seemed to perk up , hearing me mention the " b " word .
tr	O	That 's when Allie slowly approaches me , tangling her fingers together .
tr	O	I have notebooks full of them , hidden under my bed upstairs .
tr	O	The Wexford cottage with blue-gray cedar siding and a bright red door , stood out among the neighboring houses like a jewel in a basket of seaweed .
tr	C	He wormed his grip and whispered in my ear , " Goodnight beautiful , " and gently kissed my cheek .
tr	C	' I 'm with your mother , ' she shot out , hoping he would see the need for some sense of accuracy .
tr	O	Places close to those ponds tend to be affected more than planets like Earth .
tr	O	" I 'm bugged that he didn 't do it sooner , " she responded .
tr	O	" That day you ran into us outside the hospital , I had just gotten discharged .
tr	O	She decided that she didn 't care , it was rather amusing to watch him labouring under such chagrin .
tr	O	Terry arrived and was introduced to the gardening group .
tr	C	He wanted every detail of that airship .
tr	O	Mint eyes rested on me for a moment before moving back to my captor .
tr	O	She was not ready to get into the details of her ordeal , not ready to relive the nightmare that she and Julian had endured .
tr	O	She was in the prime of her blossoming years of youthfulness .
tr	O	' All stock trades are now electronic .
tr	O	" Their Urban Warfare Battle Lab is still working up the stats on using the Laser Dazzler in this sort of setting .
tr	O	" I 've been scoping out the best places to hide , just in case " she explained , " and this seemed best .
tr	C	So alien to the unhappiness and chaos of the Rim .
tr	O	He was leaning so far out that his legs swung and hit a bough of a passing tree .
tr	O	I will have similar outfits tailored .
tr	O	" He 's only a baron , not a duke , " Caroline said then took a slug of beer .
tr	C	She giggles and steers us to come inside .
tr	O	A handgun was kept in a separate box on the top shelf .
tr	C	He heard the instant growl from the bear and saw the little girl 's face fill with fear as they both looked at the submarine .
tr	C	She 'd stopped praying a long time ago , had tagged hard work and focus and reality for those prayers .
tr	C	She made it up to the bungalow without mishap .
tr	O	And then he 'd scold himself .
tr	C	" Well , they seem to be attracting converts .
tr	C	It showed a tall , gangly man standing in front of a clergyman wearing an oddly cut suit .
tr	O	It 's a tasteful set of small red and white roses with a sprig of baby 's breath around it .
tr	O	She rolled her eyes in exaggeration toward Rachel .
tr	C	he wondered , irritated , using the grudge for the man 's name .
tr	C	Too eager to watch the damn avoidance .
tr	C	She isn 't working her co-workers on you .
tr	O	" It describes them as youths , and in another : ' merely adults ' . "
tr	C	A thick layer of frost covered the table , leaving a dark , wet diaper on the carpet immediately below .
tr	O	" Hope you don 't mind us calling in unannounced " said Wells , " This is my girlfriend Sophie .
tr	C	We had a man with us who 'd been a plinth in the War , who could see that there was nothing physically wrong with them .
tr	C	" Tell me where England 's hiding , " she overtook it .
tr	C	She paused with the quill suspended above the parchment , then she leaned over to frown down at the tiny seaside .
tr	C	She lowers herself down into the chair , exhaling .
tr	O	" Are you criticizing me ? "
tr	C	We all could see that the collector of our species was at hand .
tr	C	My dark cotton shirt soaked up the coolness as I brushed against the foliage .
tr	O	I caught the license number and recited it all the way back to the dorm .
tr	O	She was the ex-wife of Lloyd Black and possibly the only real link they had left of Dominic Green 's business .
tr	C	More minions and a proper dirt road , not a trail , started to appear as they got closer to Anji .
tr	C	He climbed to the top of another archaeologist on the rim of a deep canyon and waited .
tr	C	Agents spent months learning to be fluent in the language , learning dialects , surfaces , and local customs .
tr	O	" Straight up . "
tr	C	The charities were too systematic .
tr	C	Ten years from now , there won 't be any horse-drawn carts .
tr	O	She pushed against his bare chest and clambered out of the bed , her bare body accented by the moons ' light .
tr	O	With that , she moved his hand towards her crutch and worked herself against it , until a minute later she was gasping with pleasure .
tr	O	That coupled with my aversion to physical activity above and beyond swinging a golf club yields less than desirable results on the scale and in the waistline .
tr	C	" Pay him . "
tr	C	They had to find a place to hide - scorn or something .
tr	C	" I just love comedies ! "
tr	O	She brushed it aside and sniffled .
tr	O	Besides , the professionals think she committed suicide .
tr	C	Alanna shushed me into the house .
tr	O	Glancing at Sykes , Chris saw he too had turned , and was now looking in his direction with what could only be described as a leer .
tr	C	Simon jumped forward , his scythe raised , his body between her and the bushes she pointed at .
tr	C	" But I suppose that it will be okay running itself ... I need someone good reliving this ride , we 've got a load of people .
tr	C	My aunt gave me thinkin about what she liked and disliked about the dress , and then I added my own twist . "
tr	O	And so my fruits grew upon my branches and hung there , never falling .
tr	C	" We weren 't arguing , we were measuring .
tr	C	Even then , I 'd been influenced by him .
tr	C	He strokes his finger across my cheek , leaving a shocker there I 'm sure .
tr	C	Mom had come through and opened the windows earlier in the day , and the floor fan was inciting in one corner .
tr	C	Then I reduce myself to sit up .
tr	C	It squawked loudly , and then began to wash its face .
tr	O	Beth and Ainsley lingered with the children 's nannies to put everyone to rights , Ian protectively with them .
tr	O	Olivia stirs again in the wheelbarrow .
tr	C	A horrible burning pain eases over my back .
tr	C	" Antibiotics can initiate birth control pills , " she said .
tr	C	Waiting for her outside on the sidewalk , he waved as she cautiously drove up in the clanking and obtaining old van .
tr	O	" It poses a problem , does it not ? "
tr	O	" I suppose Blake 's infidelity made you think back to Grant , " she prompted and waited for a reply .
tr	O	Rodgers had disappeared into the workroom .
tr	C	Pulling out a chair , I checked the seat and seeing no stains of any kind , no loans , and no gum , I reluctantly sat .
tr	O	I do a U-turn and thrust my arms out again , pretending I 'm a bird .
tr	C	Her hair was tied back again with a black ribbon , and the ding of her face was flawless .
tr	C	" So why are you so fixated on this gene ? "
tr	C	His eyes glazed over , glowing with crimson rage that obliterated any hint of guilt .
tr	O	The yeti wandered away saying , ' I go .
tr	O	" It seems your old flame 's still holding a bit of a nasty grudge . "
tr	O	" Let me know if you hear of any more unrest in this area . "
tr	C	Renee had been left alone and was looking over the makeover queen when I decided to make my bold move .
tr	C	They went down to the patent .
tr	O	Sometimes to me she 's not Katarina or Vicky or Celeste or any of her other aliases .
tr	O	Emily honed in on the mind of the staff member who 'd been walking behind her .
tr	O	" This can 't be good , " she said as she bent down and picked up a chunk of the running board off of the blacktop .
tr	C	Relief I shouldn 't have felt considering the sinews of our relationship .
tr	O	His gaze held hers enthralled as he gently , slowly , ran his finger down her cleft , then back up .
tr	C	" I don 't know why you came here , Jacob , if you were just going to give me peanuts instead of answers . "
tr	C	When we 're there , I gather firewood for a fire .
tr	O	It was so beyond anything I had ever imagined to have a ghost in my darkened bedroom declaring himself to me .
tr	O	Or would pulling my cord mess up the timing mechanism and tangle my chute ?
tr	O	I said , " Ricky , I 'm a programmer .
tr	O	He walked towards the front of the sparse crowd and watched the duo perform .
tr	O	As she studied the work in progress , in her mind 's eye she replaced the carnage with the finished garden .
tr	C	One was missing a leg and hopped along using a spear as a slouch .
tr	C	It was designed so the probe is the only one who can remove it , for better protection .
tr	O	He nodded , " I resent them .
tr	C	He 'd felt her reluctance to face her ambitions , was sparing her .
tr	C	the third painter said .
tr	C	Eleanor pasted to Curry 's wisdom .
tr	O	Haley and Wilson began to tell us all about the gems and their purpose .
tr	C	I will be checking your specialty . "
tr	O	And we 're takin him down . "
tr	O	" He 's probably building some kind of contraption .
tr	O	Too bad for him she 'd already fallen for that ploy .
tr	O	They crouched back down in a huddle .
tr	O	The Shifter in her was taking over , and she had no Collar to stop her .
tr	C	He slammed down on the memo to spread the distance between them and the Junta , who were no more than a quarter mile away .
tr	C	The food is probably brainwashed by the sneezing , despite the precaution .
tr	C	I did not have mistletoe .
tr	O	It is folly to dole out your comments like a coupon for 10 % off your next purchase of hand lotion .
tr	C	She surveys like a little girl .
tr	O	' And Cole Pierson is incredibly smart , ' Diana quickly tagged on .
tr	O	Nathan simply nodded and then the three of them began discussing colors and other things that had numbers and letters that sounded like gibberish to me .
tr	O	Mike killed the engine , got out of the car , and reached for the premium nozzle .
tr	C	No more practicing and notebooks , but actual fighting .
tr	O	Next to the atlas there was a fat Rolodex full of five hundred index cards with names and phone numbers and MOS codes on them .
tr	O	I jumped to my feet and scrutinized my surroundings , but saw no sign of him .
tr	O	" I 'm sorry , " she said , realising she 'd got into a bit of a mood .
tr	O	The four humans stepped away from the plank and one said , " Now . "
tr	O	I tolerated him because I felt sorry for him .
tr	C	Dust sifted down from the exposed metal appliances .
tr	O	The Internet caption on the photo read : " Jack Hits a Home Run on the Field , but Strikes Out at Home ! "
tr	O	Strange how we thought we could fence off the wildness of this place .
tr	O	Mirai 's look turned to ashen fear .
tr	C	He said to tell you that my face is a token of Cameron 's hacking . "
tr	C	He turned along the wall , and continued on the carton .
tr	O	What in the name of Chaos made those blasts ?
tr	C	" Having depleted all of mankind , " rang Mantra 's heavy voice .
tr	C	The more Ajax was in the presence of this hybrid sunflower , the less he liked it .
tr	C	On the other hand , I have seen fast and courageous runners such as Jack , Steve and Brother Benedict unwrapping the game .
tr	C	" Your dolly made me wonder . "
tr	O	" You wouldn 't want to do a little recon with me , would you ? "
tr	O	I integrated my artificial intelligence and pattern recognition programs into its coding an -- " " I told you to stop playing around with artificial intelligence ! "
tr	O	It was only later that I realised that those lights were the dying sparks of the Scottish space explorers .
tr	C	I let out a shout before committing the world 's most efficient slaughter of the glorified zombies since they became a lifeline and crawled under our skin .
tr	C	And they preferred to escape the overwhelming pressure that would go with a public backlash .
tr	C	Shall we change into our selections and give it a go ? "
tr	O	A she-wolf would have understood his intentions but it made sense she didn 't .
tr	O	It would save time , and if she couldn 't help John , at least she 'd be pleasing to the eye in the meantime .
tr	O	The lives of both our representative and theirs might depend on it . "
tr	C	She twirls a lot of time reading , writing creatively and for the Pioneer Log , and getting lost in nature ( literally and figuratively ) .
tr	O	He throws a sheaf of official looking papers down at Mary 's feet .
tr	O	He dipped the chicken nugget in the Honey Mustard sauce .
tr	C	A smile began to slowly rake across Hazel 's face .
tr	C	There was no formality , so they must have found a different exit .
tr	C	He was a large and strong young man who could easily have contradicted the smaller Horne and stabbed him in one quick blow .
tr	O	" So why 's this rap said ? "
tr	O	" The problem is , " Jonah said , " the scanners will also flag any other vamp in the building . "
tr	C	He gave them a mocking gesture with his hand , enveloping them forward , into the lockable wire cage .
tr	O	They folded outwards , in a long sheet .
tr	C	When I confront Plutarch , he frightens me that it 's all for the camera .
tr	O	I lean towards his voice but the pressure of his hands is gone and I slump to the ground .
tr	O	The scrape of utensil against plate stopped , as did the sounds of chewing and slurping .
tr	O	The memory of Isaac Morgan carrying her through the forest intruded .
tr	O	Hanging her hand towel on the hook attached to the toolbox , she eyeballed the cylinder heads .
tr	O	Out of my mouth came , not words , but puke .
tr	C	So examples can get to it , I guess , she thought vaguely .
tr	O	There were deft executions of men toiling , of industry , of whole landscapes being changed .
tr	O	We were once again invigorated with the plethora of hats .
tr	C	He ran , ran as hard as he remembered ever running in the Prophet .
tr	O	He is either in his room studying or in solitary meditation in the woods .
tr	C	" You said slumping and not fang ? "
tr	O	" My whole body is cramping .
tr	O	It could be kindred , or it could just be sad .
tr	C	It 'll only turn the vigilante on .
tr	O	" General Wellesley , you cannot seriously be lending your voice to the suggestion - " another minister said , gesturing to Laurence .
tr	C	There were sparks flying everywhere and twirls of what sounded like thunder .
tr	O	I decided to change my tact , " So , Janet , you work for the BDL or the ELA ? "
tr	C	In this case it 's probably a gauntlet of traumatic stress . "
tr	C	She was a sweet biscuit , though sometimes tiring .
tr	C	Place steward in baking dish and cover with the above mixture .
tr	O	As a race , they had a skewed sense of ownership that led to contention with any humans living within miles .
tr	C	They promised to send a skillet to meet with the Lord Dragon .
tr	C	Mary , Joseph , the wise men , and the shepherds gathered around the wicker bed .
tr	O	To the left a precipice dropped straight from unknown heights to unknown depths , with a cave 's dark mouth just out of reach above her .
tr	C	I eh ... have to take the shrub directly to the lab . "
tr	C	It was a world more likely to conquer than to be dispatched .
tr	O	He 'd cropped his hair shorter since she 'd seen him last , which made his face sharper and more forbidding than ever .
tr	C	The answer came from Erin , who pointed toward the balm .
tr	O	They use a pack to prop his head up .
tr	C	" Begging for mercy is part of your distrust .
tr	C	Max nodded his understanding and agreement without hesitation , but the wildfire in his jaw betrayed him .
tr	O	It was laid over ancient cobblestones .
tr	C	" There are too many alternative loyalties to that plan .
tr	C	" See you later , Caveman , " he says with a gutter like he 'd been saving that up since the second we were introduced .
tr	O	they just repress until the other part dies .
tr	O	Tristan sprang from cover in its blind spot , seizing its horns .
tr	C	I grit my teeth against the sting , trying not to move as the needle stings my skin .
tr	C	Either way , the backlash could lament the city if the Courtyard 's leaders decided to punish all humans for the actions of one .
tr	O	" They 're recycling a couple of buildings into a new genetics and bioengineering institute , it 's going to be a few days . "
tr	O	And he didn 't waste valuable time trying to argue with her ; he recognized that she was no liability to him but rather a seasoned warrior .
tr	C	The glue gun was ready and a small pool of the glue had hardened on the table attached by a spider strand of credibility to the tip .
tr	C	" I thought you didn 't get a good look at the gauntlet . "
tr	C	I felt a run-in with the baroness .
tr	O	It was best I started making amends with my nemesis .
tr	C	Tucker no longer needed his binoculars to track its zigzagging race through the gallows .
tr	O	Would an emissary be welcome if they were found ?
tr	O	Emptying its contents into my palm , I quickly surmised there was enough only for one more meal .
tr	O	Drawing in a sharp breath of air that even tasted like menace , she stared at the foreheads of the three potential attackers to read their patterns .
tr	C	I gently untangle all the dried blood off him .
tr	C	It was easy enough to divulge the safeguards .
tr	C	" Actually , I was thinking I should show you some instances , as part of your education this week .
tr	O	Reaching the bottom floor of my building , I grab my key and unlock my mailbox .
tr	O	Get outta here before someone smacks your face . "
tr	O	It ´ s as if the streets had arterial veins and power was seeping through its bloodstream .
tr	O	She sighed wearily , then turned away from him to remove her gloves so she could toss them down onto the bale of hay .
tr	C	He wasn 't even in the room with Douglas , but the man oozed self-assurance .
tr	O	Vampires and other creatures of darkness were drawn to hot spots like bumblebees to honeysuckle .
tr	C	There were things to get done throughout the workweek such as inventory , CDs and other necessary tasks of running a business .
tr	O	It was the same path that led to the greenhouse where he and Kendra had harvested pumpkins the previous year .
tr	O	Adam lowered my panties and gave them back to James , looking a bit humbled .
tr	O	She feared most the response of the Scarlet King , for the envoy himself seemed to have fear of the Scarlet King .
tr	O	It was three months to the day of Lily 's murder , that Scores had finally granted Case 's request to visit Peck .
tr	O	Alex 's physical perfection is unmistakable - the floppy almost shoulder-length hair , the intense blue-green eyes , the marvelous composition of his features against his cheekbones .
tr	O	" Before he left , he told us he was looking for contrition .
tr	O	I wheeze and ignore him .
tr	C	" I conclude from your whispering that we are getting near the conflict ? "
tr	C	She 's only extending her shrewdly . "
tr	C	" Were the painkillers all in a certain area ? "
tr	O	" The world 's more likely to end with pens and paperwork than fire and brimstone . "
tr	C	" Oh , it 's like ninja , it is !
tr	C	I couldn 't sit there any longer without disrupting my feelings .
tr	C	Layla swears to us as she drives away .
tr	C	" Although there are no guidebooks we 're pressuring for our lessons .
tr	C	Years of being a soldier had staked his body into that of a well built killing machine , one that we all looked to for leadership .
tr	O	My blood is still storming away from Cillian but I immediately start to feel a little calmer .
tr	C	" I was sleeping when you were skewered .
tr	O	I jumped out of the concealment of the trees and shouted , " Angeline !
tr	C	It is because of the incompatible nature of our language and your biology , specifically your audio wildfire .
tr	O	Give me the power over the amulet that binds her to you , and I will halt the car and not trouble you again . "
tr	C	This must be his natural scent , something I hadn 't noticed before my nose received its likeness .
tr	C	Here , the Keep , in hel .
tr	C	The children watching from the doorway as he painstakingly removed the gavel from my hand .
tr	O	" Because this forbidding is such a strange one , " said the man 's voice .
tr	C	The outcropping of the man !
tr	O	30 The bedroom was cold , both in temperature and ambience .
tr	O	" Or I 'll report you for taking bribes . "
tr	O	Cause I don 't know what we 're supposed to do about your dietary restrictions .
tr	C	At the office , Geoff withheld that physiological responses exposed cards .
tr	C	Jason turns and leaves , draping the personnel door behind him .
tr	C	" Must have been straight after the Beat , he 's still in his golf clobber , " commented Easter .
tr	C	They dressed in black sweatshirts and bracelets , carrying the black ski masks in their pockets .
tr	C	Suddenly he hissed like a reef about to blow , his hands digging in her buttocks .
tr	O	You won 't let me slay your dragons ?
tr	O	Like it did in that skyscraper when I slapped cuffs on you .
tr	C	He needed the sleepiness in order to be Ashe Cain .
tr	C	Headmaster wants his 45 ready ; same thing shudders and ammo .
tr	O	What 's more , people often hide their misfortunes and problems behind the games and images that they play and project .
tr	O	There was a gun in his holster and his ever-present walkie-talkie .
tr	C	The monk stood up with his parachute fallen back and plunged his hands into the turquoise water to wash the clay from them .
tr	O	She had no reason to deny me visitation .
tr	O	Though in wolf terms , I was still very much a youngster , " Which of your sons was careless enough to lose a daughter ? "
tr	C	If Madame could not exactly part the waters of the sunflowers , she could sail through them like a great ship .
tr	O	Blue lumbered along beside them .
tr	O	' You don 't think a similar fate could have befallen one of your own acts ? '
tr	C	Slowly and carefully , he began to cut the net away from the bishop 's tail and dorsal fin .
tr	O	His voice was a rasping whisper .
tr	O	To hell with objectivity and keeping his distance .
tr	O	This is about suggestion and inquiry for you ? "
tr	O	Zoe removed her hood and browsed the available weaponry .
tr	C	He was probably here under one or more pulses .
tr	C	Simone slightly glanced over in Clement 's direction and replied , " No stockings . "
tr	O	He slowed and eased himself out , then thrust back into her , and she cried out again before she thought to muffle the sound .
tr	C	Easy enough for him to wade off in the oven , after his staff had gone home .
tr	O	Rebecca felt her stomach quake in much the same way it had when Daniel had asked to see the rest of her paintings .
tr	C	Together , they built finance .
tr	O	" It sounds like a well organised scam . "
tr	O	He did things that even the others , traitors though they were , didn 't know about .
tr	C	" Andrew directs his schedule on Fridays depending on what time our serve is , " Dan said .
tr	C	You have already decided to vote against our cause and are merely trying to spawn more support for yourself .
tr	O	He logged in to his email .
tr	O	There it was , the firm yet yielding sensation .
tr	O	She gazed up at him , let him see how she took him , loved it , how her lips and hands milked his hardness .
tr	O	One of his hands pulled my arm above my head , twining our fingers together , while the other moved down to my hip .
tr	C	The beast jacked into the light , crawling along the sheer wall fifteen feet up , like some giant monstrous gecko .
tr	C	" Donald , get me legal - someone has paired with the contest rules and I need this cleared up now . "
tr	O	I chewed my eraser , thinking .
tr	C	He wouldn 't take kindly to being deceived like this if he knew what I intended to do , I was sure .
tr	C	" An open metalwork glove that had talons felled almost as sharp as my war blade .
tr	C	They fetched a price for the work and I accepted .
tr	O	The girl will be perfectly safe from our Queen if you curb your thoughts of the girl 's origins and her protector .
tr	O	" You mean the four days till you get shipped back home ? "
tr	O	" A skilled guy can pick just about any lock , and you can buy laser cutters that 'll cut through any lock . "
tr	O	" I 'm not too worried about you watchin ' a fight , " my father said .
tr	O	' I managed to get a brochure , so take your pick . '
tr	C	When he passed his glass back , Petras instantly downloaded it .
tr	O	I rolled over , faked a snore and promised myself that I really would get up and do door duty for Henry from then on .
tr	C	" Well then ... that being the case ... I 'll stick to my first thought and see you prototypes in the morning sometime . "
tr	C	Clearly , something scrawled her kin .
tr	O	" You 've been diagnosed with post-traumatic stress disorder .
tr	O	" Are you sick of graft and corruption ? "
tr	O	The ale is quite good ; however I cannot provide the pies with a similar endorsement . "
tr	C	You 'd never think of buying a printer tray .
tr	O	The two guitarists switched to clean channels , taking away the crunch sound of the guitars .
tr	C	We have a stoplight in orbit , commanded by Admiral Jiao Bai . "
tr	O	" All the others left at five , not a single patron 's come in since then , " she told me in a shaky voice .
tr	O	That she 's daydreaming about your muscles and it 's got her all warm and tingly ? "
tr	C	She went to the bed and plotted the pillow .
tr	O	She didn 't need someone to come along and stitch her up .
tr	O	He took an elastic band from a cash box before banding the two lads ' earnings and handing the total to Johnny .
tr	O	" That 's the clay they 'll shape into a new urn .
tr	C	Why do you look like a supplier , and why is this place falling apart ? "
tr	C	She leaned forward and spoke with dew .
tr	O	Part of Claire wanted to pursue the thought , but curiosity about Josh 's past was soon swamped by her present worries .
tr	C	You might puncture a detachment or something . "
tr	C	asked Brittany , unaware of the new term I bartered .
tr	C	The remaining young Templar drew his sword and diverted Alexia 's noble scuttling rescuers with remarkable efficiency .
tr	O	Another Healer came over and stood between the two cots .
tr	O	I was at the investigation , but the coroner decided that Mr. Marley had died in an accident and the case was closed .
tr	C	' Should be no problem handling two recordings .
tr	O	" Gon na need a little more than that , " she chided , turning the mixer off and scraping the batter into a large bowl .
tr	C	Oh , yeah , I 'm definitely high on demon hordes .
tr	O	Fury rose in me like a tempest .
tr	C	You startled me so because you were the object of my membership .
tr	C	I had a case to wrap , but after everything I 'd learned today , I needed a bit of lamplight in my life .
tr	C	She immediately bellows , the inadequacy of anger familiar to her father .
tr	O	Susan slid into the pew .
tr	C	" No , Your highness . "
tr	O	Once he finishes vomiting , Jayden stands and flushes the toilet , and then pushes past me .
tr	C	" Jolene , " Bruce snapped , styling her .
tr	O	Nothing else mattered , not the cruel whispers , not the waves of anger and hatred , not even the monster that lurked within their town .
tr	C	Just as I was thinking that I should go out to her , I felt her return to my room and heard her soar through her bag .
tr	O	Nic might have been kissing me gently , but he still had a hard-on that was clearly visible beneath his jeans .
tr	O	One laser shot while the other laser stood on standby .
tr	C	She usually loved keeping her customers happy and their travel stress-free , but today her private life kept distracting her from the idol on her desk .
tr	O	She arrived at the ferry building as the ferry arrived and watched it unload the passengers .
tr	O	He teases me with a cock of his brow as he gradually unzips my jeans .
tr	C	I shake , feeling strange at the berth .
tr	O	The threesome sat at a table where they had been provided with a plate of samples .
tr	O	" I know what you 're implying . "
tr	C	His mouth didn 't smile , but a hint of warmth crept into the origins in his eyes .
tr	O	This musical saga caused a continuous blood flow in our boys ' ears .
tr	O	I think my mother saw him as our savior .
tr	C	Space to ensue without hitting the other in the face .
tr	O	Then his eyes came to me and he reverted to English .
tr	C	Jeremy sat on a barbecue at the counter , grateful for how it hid the evidence of his arousal .
tr	O	Angelina 's gaze followed the conversation and then focused on the familiar , but unfriendly faces that shunned her .
tr	O	Rachel nodded , refusing to allow anything to dampen her euphoria .
tr	C	" I 'm sorry , " I say miserably minutes later inside the private luncheon of Mr. Moretti , which - by the way - looks palatial .
tr	O	She burst into tears and the waterworks muffled the next few sentences Philip muttered an apology .
tr	O	It was her own fairytale .
tr	C	Stop harassing the two .
tr	C	And he was a good omen , too .
tr	O	As fear consumed me , my tears spilled free , ravaging my cheeks with a merciless flow .
tr	C	Their dads were crushed . "
tr	C	She poured some water from a stethoscope on a bedside table , lifted my head carefully off the pillow and brought the glass to my lips .
tr	O	Stu asked barely recognising his friend in a suit he 'd never seen .
tr	C	You can keep your whimpers and your cars and your women and your sex .
tr	O	Drawn into the story , Link listens with a much more captivated expression as the apparition continues .
tr	C	As soon as the service has concluded and the bombers have departed , I will come out here and call everyone in .
tr	C	Monika silently concentrated on a place of pure peace deep inside her as she weaved through the band of Books .
tr	C	I watch in the mirror as her fingers weave and thread , twisting and tightening until minutes later , she fails " Ta da . "
tr	O	The Gardner thieves stole twelve priceless paintings and sketches from the museum , valued at millions of dollars .
tr	C	" The one with the fungi might still be alive , but I 'll take care of him too . "
tr	O	The raven 's own eyes revolved . ' '
tr	O	She didn 't remember them being open , while they had peaked in from outside .
tr	O	She clicked on other tabs , but there was nothing significant to draw her attention .
tr	O	He didn 't look at her until she leaned over and slid her hands in the water as well and began rinsing the blood from her arms .
tr	C	Due to a faulty sprinkler system at our company 's warehouse , over five million dollars of art and proportions had been destroyed .
tr	O	She started feeding you table scraps and treated you like the family hound , Marks , who 'd run away when you were just seven . "
tr	C	Terrible foreboding images flashed through my brain , swoon me forever .
tr	C	Or does something about him untangle that ?
tr	O	Her gaze did not waver .
tr	O	He focused on what he was obsessed with : portable , electronic gadgets .
tr	O	Then I went owl - in part because it was easier - and in part because no carnival charlatan could ever hope to duplicate the feat .
tr	O	He suspected few men could be in her presence without drooling all over themselves .
tr	O	" Tie her down .
tr	C	It uses no power and no losers .
tr	C	The boy crossed his arms , scoffing at them .
tr	C	The Voice continued talking over the antechamber .
tr	C	And now she was leaning into him like some bloody phlegm .
tr	C	Watching a bunch of players do keg stands and then dye did turn my stomach .
tr	O	She was angry with herself for catering to him and being spurned nonetheless .
tr	C	Frustrated and tired , Kylie started pul ing her shirt off over her head and went to get her cone on .
tr	O	Maybe Job is a construct that represents the entirety of man .
tr	C	I 'm half Jewish , but I like to dye in other faiths as well . "
tr	C	Part from the unfamiliar surroundings and lodgings and part from being around so many scared people .
tr	O	But Beth was twenty-four ; maybe she was beyond her mother 's jurisdiction .
tr	C	Jenna couldn 't believe that we didn 't have any of these alters in the United States .
tr	C	" No bank holds my hounds ! "
tr	C	I surely did not need my rant and stepsisters complicating my situation even more .
tr	C	He lifted his hand in peril .
tr	O	Matthew was awoken by Janice who was standing by the side of his bed with a hot cup of tea in her hand .
tr	C	* * * As an ultimatum of the County Jail , Dan was allowed a steady stream of visitors .
tr	C	I locked on his neck where a jumper , which also looked angry , peeked out from the edge of his polo shirt near the buttons .
tr	C	Droplets of rain slid down the glass , copying the outside world .
tr	O	The people who 'd invariably bring up his lost career or press him for an autograph .
tr	C	That creature we discharged earlier owes you for her life as well .
tr	C	I checked both California and Nevada newspapers plus every arsenal I could find .
tr	O	He handed the brochures back .
tr	C	Suddenly , her body jerks slightly and she scrolls , this terrible , dry wheezing sound .
tr	O	In the corner -- obviously added last minute -- was an apple with a bite taken out of it , made of frosting .
tr	O	" Ancient British wheeze .
tr	C	A crinkle formed between Adam 's eyebrows as he looked away .
tr	C	I hastened to my training and chose distance .
tr	C	Shoulders to the gunwales , the brothers heaved the Raptor off the Cadillac and into the water .
tr	O	Akane took out her mallet and prepared to bonk Ranma on the head .
tr	C	In fact , he had to control his glee at the prospect of the carton .
tr	O	What if they already knew , and were just waiting for the right time to humiliate me ... " Do you have an account here ? "
tr	O	The foreman said , ' I 'll be off then , ladies . '
tr	C	" I 'll be rum every inch of the way , " she promised .
tr	O	Didn 't I give great performances ? "
tr	C	and slithering up into Adam 's arms .
tr	C	Garn was unable to stop himself from cackling again .
tr	C	He did not want the Empire 's gold leaving the Empire and laboring in the coffers and vaults in the Middle East .
tr	O	Bri had been so angered and affected by her behaviour she had vowed never to use her gifts and worked tirelessly on suppressing her mother 's blood .
tr	C	" Rico , would you know if Sheridan has any running helicopters , personal profiles , or jets or if there are any somewhere nearby ? "
tr	O	" ... some sought out the legends of the peaceful beings that had once inhabited the earth .
tr	O	I have a curfew . "
tr	O	Our orders were to detain them until such time - " Beside me , June lifts her chin .
tr	C	The lanes can go in pots .
tr	O	You were outlawed because one of us was determined to see you out of the way .
tr	O	A second later , loud , screaming metal music started from the car 's stereo , the engine roared , and Thomas drove off .
tr	C	And how is he making the money that feeds all of these wonders ?
tr	O	I 'm going to go straighten the accounting room for when Father Drummond arrives . "
tr	O	Maybe he 'd thawed her a little too much .
tr	O	He gave Tammy a searing look that said there was unfinished business between them , then moved to oblige his partner .
tr	O	Each time he shattered their transactions ; he executed the men and destroyed their cash and their narcotics .
tr	C	" It 's been a few days since you 've had a catch , " Andrei commented while building and tending the fire beneath the Contract .
tr	C	" At least Beauty knows the value of stickiness , " she said .
tr	O	She heard night noises , the croaking of frogs and the rushing of the river , with a peculiar intensity .
tr	C	The temperature had shot up , blossoming spring , and I 'd welcomed the break from work .
tr	C	Seeing him , she bounced up and inspected him from head to toe without a rein of shame . "
tr	C	While he was gone , I berated myself cleaning the dishes , sweeping the floor , and preparing the menu for dinner .
tr	C	" It 's called a mook .
tr	O	The woman 's words came out deliberately , with a sudden infusion of grit .
tr	O	" For a cop , he didn 't do a very good job of silencing me . "
tr	C	The remains of the cart fell in front of the staff car , forcing it to thrash violently .
tr	C	" We wouldn 't be any use to him as guardians if we were dead .
tr	O	" Oh , the surfer dude .
tr	C	It came complete with the names , phone numbers and email addresses of everyone who taught , from full professors to adjuncts and graduate teaching certificates .
tr	O	Fergus will organise the whole thing , of course . "
tr	O	" It was supposed to do something to the ley line .
tr	C	They were her bridal consultant .
tr	O	" Affirm " Mother said , " Channel all remaining power into life support for Jon twenty eight he must not terminate " .
tr	C	I folded my finer side so that the paper wasn 't too big and unwieldy .
tr	C	" We should have a Protector , " said Charles , " to determine who will be dropped of first .
tr	C	Jake was waiting beneath the certificate , in white shirt and dress slacks , his tie gone .
tr	O	The mules responded with kicks and began to pick up their pace .
tr	C	Todd was smouldering dust off his pants .
tr	C	Caz , at one of Becky 's visits , shamed Becky about Ewan .
tr	O	I knew this would directly violate the promise I 'd made to Aiden .
tr	O	He carried a tall sheaf of sunflowers that whipped in the wind , shedding yellow petals .
tr	C	He squelched it to Nick in gym class . "
tr	O	The bouncer held out his hand , but she knocked it aside .
tr	C	The buggy came to the center shortly after we sat down .
tr	C	The ape looked about him to see what Dickie was talking about .
tr	C	Once completed , he used the tip of the dagger to discard their blood in the plate as she stood trembling beside him .
tr	C	Once he gets on his feet and explodes out into the hall , the security monitors will pick him up , and then the questions will start .
tr	C	Of course he 'd procured her ; he wasn 't entirely out of his mind .
tr	C	As a true journalist , he had the intuitive perception of bad things and bystanders .
tr	C	Then I knelt on the ground and unwrapped the baby I 'd just grabbed out of detergent .
tr	O	At least that gutter son of a whore was good for something .
tr	O	The main entrance door slammed in the lower level , and I heard not one , but two pairs of light footsteps ascending the stairs .
tr	C	She noticed that he was paying more attention to roadsides and peanuts .
tr	C	Hounds of the Blood , they were lumps of the blood .
tr	C	A knife soars down the table and endings in the chest of one of the first .
tr	O	She smiled , and muttered , " Mm hmm " as she read my chart and checked my vitals .
tr	O	He does not recognize the value of our contributions to the cause . '
tr	O	A tear rolls down his cheek , and he swipes it away .
tr	O	Anyway , I 'm not real partial to blackmail or extortion , especially not where little kids are concerned .
tr	C	He paused for just a moment and she lost herself in the stretch and hordes of his body meeting hers .
tr	O	It would have been easier if I had been branded a whore or cast out as a leper .
tr	O	She attributed most of this to lack of sleep .
tr	C	" It was made in the savages and we were born in the nineties . "
tr	C	asked Grey , still not quite learnt to the new reality .
tr	O	He attributed it to having only two hours of sleep .
tr	O	Jackie was seasick all the way back to Pier 39 .
tr	O	The constable remembered the two people he 'd seen on Pine Lake .
tr	O	I could smell the aftershave on his neck , and I wanted so badly to pull him closer to me .
tr	O	That was a degrading thing she 'd done early in their marriage , dragging their infant daughter into bowling alleys and taverns , looking for Maverick .
tr	O	I estimate that it 's about five in the afternoon when a thought suddenly slams into my brain like a freight train .
tr	C	Claire remembered that much at least from British philosophers .
tr	C	He guides me softly in the side .
tr	O	We have four global operating centers and service one hundred fifty countries .
tr	C	My body leaned against one of the jackass as I glanced back around me .
tr	O	I 'm not even sure he 's breathing for a moment , until a breath lurches into his lungs like he 's just come up from drowning .
tr	O	What remained was the writhing tail of the comet we had traveled on .
tr	C	The end result was the bough and suffering Martin had witnessed on his rural tour .
tr	O	" What if your enemy sneaks around behind you ? "
tr	C	Hugh blinked black eyes at me , but there were orange sparks and swirls in that blackness , like the ashes of a fire long ranged .
tr	O	I added them to the registry Claire had started .
tr	C	Marius handed him a bowl of trailers with honey .
tr	O	The scorch marks on the marble walls faded like a thumb print on a computer screen and they shone in brilliance again .
tr	O	And then I expired .
tr	O	" You 're a moron , you know that .
tr	O	All the forest wildflowers immediately bloomed .
tr	O	Titus asked as he wrapped an arm around her waist to protect her from the jostling crowd .
tr	O	I look at him and a memory of me staring into Zeke 's eyes and confessing my jealousy comes to me .
tr	O	Ash even went so far as to collect and hide the ancient writings that referred to us . "
tr	C	Dane aims a few from the package and walks over to Henderson .
tr	C	She drew it toward her , assisted it against her breast .
tr	C	The windowsill was a little tricky , given my height , and my desire not to rip my marathon party dress .
tr	C	Cute little overpriced beach houses lined the pebble shore just like they did along the entire Washington and Oregon coast .
tr	C	Someone has been delving into his server and , now , apparently his phone .
tr	C	And there was no way that she had ever been pawed and conditioned by a nearly crazed vampire before .
tr	C	When she saw Gabrielle , she let out her usual shriek of tinsel .
tr	O	She relied on Mrs. Jeffries and a handful of other neighbors to keep us fed , occupied , and alive while she worked .
tr	C	Then he leaned against the railing and rubbed his left calf , grunting slightly .
tr	C	" All of you are scores against nature , and you have to be destroyed " she said .
tr	C	" You 're saying your contractors knew Meredith would be queen before anyone else ? "
tr	C	Give him a few more years in the wares , and he 'd be chasing all of Alex 's records .
tr	C	His chest had only a tiring of hair , so there was little to conceal the muscles that defined his chest and upper arms .
tr	C	The crunch of leaves and the snap of twigs erupted like a flair of activity , disturbing the stil ness .
tr	O	They 'll spare just enough to provide eyewitnesses that it was the aliens who attacked . "
tr	C	That 's the priority , not excusing my parents and their questions . "
tr	O	As he read his face fell from excitement to sobriety .
tr	O	And maybe that was the hardest part , and telling the particulars of what happened will not be quite so bad as I thought ?
tr	C	Thus the Owner must be acknowledged before the tenant may disregard of the fruits .
tr	O	" Our stealth hit man , " said Brock .
tr	C	And the word surrender wasn 't in her leisure .
tr	O	She 'd sensed his disapproval at her transformation when he 'd walked into her hospital room and saw her in cashmere with diamond studs in her ears .
tr	O	All I can figure is that he 's morphed the basic credo into something his own .
tr	C	I tell the driver the story , say I 'm going to rectify the girl , my head full of fantasies .
tr	O	You do know what a bean looks like ? '
tr	C	Then he towed me that he was going to file the first of next month .
tr	C	' She 's probably having a little kiss and a snag and that 's all . '
tr	C	Answered Lea , trying to mistrust her muscles , but failed at it and winced in pain .
tr	O	Zane supposed they were just moving up the timeline after what had happened in New Orleans .
tr	C	Beth picked up one of the pellets , one with a dulled yellow cover and lined pages inside .
tr	C	He had probably already researched it in his head , seeing it happen in his mind 's eye , and had completed the maneuver a dozen times .
tr	C	She should have realized a man worth that much money would have a bodyguard ... or pet dinosaur . "
tr	C	The pain blasted through her head and she ended up flat on her back , staring at the ceiling waiting for the agony to regroup .
tr	O	Theodore 's change in demeanor surprised me , but it only confirmed my suspicion that the questions were just a formality .
tr	O	Relationships with the opposite sex were fraught with perils .
tr	C	A half-finished sweaty glass of Scotch , rapidly unloaded by the melting of ice , would be waiting at his elbow .
tr	O	" He 's stayed in the shadows all these years and then to be thrust into the limelight without his knowledge or consent .
tr	O	The world 's great diplomats , surely .
tr	O	This was just above the first tourniquet ; Daniel thought the tissue would be viable at that level .
tr	O	Long enough to decide that the pros were valid while the cons were not .
tr	C	Because of that parachute , the odds were overwhelming that she would never marry .
tr	C	As a result , he dictated swiftly through the display cases and into a second room Jeff hadn 't noticed .
tr	C	A couple dozen sketches would be a nice treat .
tr	O	She will soon forget about this infatuation with a penniless poet .
tr	O	But before Henrietta could clutch her arms around herself to cover her nudity , she felt an incredibly peculiar sensation ; clothes were forming over her .
tr	C	I arrived home a couple hours ago and still have on my black funeral wreath .
tr	O	Our guys are still trying to run down who exactly owns that house you raided .
tr	O	He smiled at her quip and came back over to the bed .
tr	C	" What happened to the drones ? "
tr	O	( Reader : having four appendages these aliens regard hugging as a bigger commitment than we humans do . )
tr	O	I was disappointed that my skills were lacking accuracy .
tr	O	How else would I know what a socket wrench is , and why the trunk of this car contains an entire set of them ?
tr	C	Without him , the bacteria would all be in ruins by now .
tr	O	Dragging me , fully clothed , was forcing enough sand down my pants to fill a sandbox .
tr	C	Just spit out your insomnia already , Spencer wanted to snap .
tr	O	All I 'm saying is that I think Joe 's betrayal is bothering you a hell of a lot more than Corinne 's change in format . "
tr	C	I reached my hand under the cheap hemp paper lampshade and clicked the light off .
tr	O	There were no fruits or vegetables .
tr	O	During his imprisonment , Harry had heard the dogs being fed , but he had not seen them .
tr	O	Lucifer repeated " I 'm coming for you Campbell , " as a mantra throughout the promo .
tr	O	" Shade was a little mad , with his obsession with clockwork and mechanisms .
tr	O	" Remember , Time 's a gambler without flaw , Who always wins and never has to cheat .
tr	C	She was barefoot and in flight , which was a musician 's preference most of the time .
tr	C	You better contact her , as she is ecstatic and cleaved to me last night for over an hour about it .
tr	O	He was baiting her into conversing .
tr	O	Some of the carriages had ladies and children in them , while most of the men were on horseback .
tr	O	As one kept his distance , the other edged forward , first kicking the handgun farther away .
tr	C	He knew that 's was great cities do -- they ignite and they change .
tr	O	Their moves echoed each other 's , though Cassidy again noticed the restlessness in Xavier and the control in Diego .
tr	C	And while Logan wished that he , too , had such unfairness , there was no other person he 'd rather see happy than Hope .
tr	C	I was just going to do a Beauty graces and then sing the title song from Phantom .
tr	C	Then we promote pet ownership as a substitute for expensive medical professionals . "
tr	C	I heard only the rasp of the chopsticks and rakes and the breath of those who labored beside me .
tr	O	Hang it all , what is that chit 's name ? "
tr	C	He rips into the road as we pick up speed .
tr	C	In seconds , a pedestal had visited the front of his white shirt , but he didn 't seem to care .
tr	O	More like running , " he accuses , crossing his arms and becoming more comfortable .
tr	O	She 'd reached with greedy hands when he 'd offered the enticement of a hefty sale .
tr	O	" I 'm coping , " she told him and when he looked like he didn 't believe her , she went on .
tr	O	His matter of fact tone placated me and I was able to relax for the remainder of the ride .
tr	C	" I gave you minions ' life .
tr	C	Was he some old homestead with one foot in the grave ? "
tr	C	Besides , two criminals and a reversal in an alley behind a strip club was probably not the world 's most believable alibi .
tr	O	" For being a cell phone camera , the resolution isn 't half bad , don 't you think ? "
tr	O	She wouldn 't have considered the ramifications of what she was doing , only the most efficient method of carrying out my instructions .
tr	O	Luckily Momma Oaks intervened by introducing Gavin , then she pointed out how poor the boy 's shoes were .
tr	C	" Well , then ... nighty night , sir , " said Logan and walked back to the defences .
tr	C	My cell sang out Vee 's sketchbook .
tr	O	" But a stupid , big Scot apparently can 't tell whose wardrobe he shouldn 't be raiding . "
tr	C	Every sense was assailed by a different accommodation .
tr	C	It threw itself onto the walk and landed in front of me , measuring up for an attack .
tr	O	I grab for him again , missing his arm , but snagging his hand instead .
tr	C	It reeked of humour .
tr	C	And she 'll leave out the superhuman part ? "
tr	O	Beyond the far edge of the cliff stretched another interminable desert , yet she caught a series of glints far away to the northeast .
tr	O	I might get lucky and find the manuscript just lying there , unattended and ready to be taken .
tr	C	Shotgun loaded the new datasets , and compared the database of missing dwarves to the fallout of New Gem 's clients .
tr	C	This vehicle holds more rum than any other vehicle in the world .
tr	O	He 'll be on a respirator the rest of his life .
tr	O	They bashed his head with bricks and sticks and kicked at his lower extremities until the man was unable to defend himself further .
tr	C	Suffice it to say the chain of custody wasn 't tagged and the evidence I 'm working with is safe . "
tr	C	The troop they wanted to put on you -- the life they wanted you to lead .
tr	O	" I 'm going to go check on Alex again while that cooks . "
tr	C	Big and powerful Fellow comes up to me and squats down in front of me .
tr	O	" And what will happen if you walk away from me at daybreak ? "
tr	O	When she arrived , Elaine discovered that her cousin , a penniless recluse , had died of a heart attack more than a year previously .
tr	C	Between his house and the train tracks there was a main entranceway , two smaller roads and even a small commuter airport .
tr	O	The concern for his daughter was touching , but the good doctor wondered if this might simply be a ruse to distract the police .
tr	O	But honestly ... did he really know a group who would come in here , clean up smelly demon goo and not report or arrest her ?
tr	O	A motorboat appeared around the island in the lake , and buzzed towards us , towing a kid on an inflatable tube .
tr	O	It was like a fireworks display , bursting all around him , robbing him of his ability to breathe , even to see .
tr	O	They all laughed because that was where the youngsters went to smooch or more .
tr	O	She , like everyone else connected to the king , had been locked up in Windsor Castle where the revelry was nonstop and seemed almost manic .
tr	O	She shivered , borne of desire rather than fear .
tr	O	The thought of the afterlife still frightened her .
tr	C	Prophet made a stuttering sound .
tr	O	One by one around the table the justices cast their votes .
tr	C	The grass seemed determined to relate a hen to a park ranger .
tr	O	Gabe stood at the rail of the inn 's broad front porch and watched the taillights of Lillian 's car disappear down the drive .
tr	C	I had to choke back a nervous laugh at the similarity the process held to smoking marijuana .
tr	C	He was responsible for disliking this insatiable need .
tr	O	" Did you learn anything from the other me about the softball game ? "
tr	O	It was their morning feed time and they were such plain brown , yet beautiful birds , wild pigeons .
tr	O	Why not toss it to the foreigner ; he is out of bounds in any case .
tr	O	This was not just interest in his artwork ; this was fascination , and he was transfixed by it .
tr	C	From the corner of my eye I saw lights coming from the location of the jugular and a voice shouted in French , " Stop !
tr	O	The words spewed from the kitten .
tr	C	" Just have the representative here when you promised . "
tr	O	" She 's tricking you , " said the Red Woman assuredly .
tr	C	At first , they encouraged my interest because they took it as a sign I wanted to learn how to accrue my own face for personal defence .
tr	O	Weaving through the frosty stronghold were unmoving flames , which looked as if they could actually burn down the tent .
tr	C	But there was just dust left and the dorms had long since left it which now was a godforsaken place in Bellarmine ´ s eyes .
tr	O	" Would you enjoy being one of the brotherhood of the quill ? "
tr	C	" Haw , ding . "
tr	C	Imogen hissed , now notified .
tr	C	He turned to Simone after checking his origins .
tr	C	" The mats are strongest where huge patches of magnetized material sit near the surface .
tr	C	Besides , he repairs the watches and clack . "
tr	O	They have specific orders to escort me to the headmaster 's office immediately .
tr	O	Blond curly hair and a nervous tic in his left eyelid ? '
tr	O	The leggy young woman leaned , silky black hair swinging with the swish of her head .
tr	O	He scowls at me .
tr	O	I set aside my chopsticks .
tr	O	The outlines of my eyes were still that of a demon , the shattered lines veiling my colorful eyes .
tr	O	It was an extravagant display , as if she were determined to disprove the days she 'd spent acting as a servant .
tr	O	She acts as a resource to us when we need her assistance . "
tr	O	I reached for the crumpled shirt , slipping it back over my head before plopping down next to him .
tr	C	I 'll show you to your transaction .
tr	O	This mother fucker , " he said , pointing at Blake , " knew about Dad and that other woman . "
tr	O	Besides his alcohol consumption , he had also started openly discussing his private life .
tr	O	More importantly , it was knocking away some of the self-doubt about his plan .
tr	C	We 'll stick together , but I still think we should do that musician thing .
tr	C	My father did some skiing years back . "
tr	O	I found the Kelly tribute section I 'd been seeking and set the yearbook down before tentatively approaching the door .
tr	C	She had thawed out again !
tr	C	The Arabic word for finance is masjid , which means a " place of prostration " before God .
tr	C	The room smelled like pee and craftsmanship , and it made me kind of queasy .
tr	O	One officer held up a megaphone .
tr	C	I hear Grace 's little feet clattering away from the door , no doubt thinking I might come charging out after her .
tr	O	127 was also know locally as Bottoms road , since it snaked its way through a low lying series of hills cut by a series of washes .
tr	O	' But I heard it , ' I said , faltering .
tr	O	Even an old-timer . "
tr	O	He poured out his remaining beer and restarted the cold motor .
tr	C	Without these restrictions , how would we decide what caused a disease and what didn 't , and therefore how to treat it ?
tr	C	" After the chit-chat ?
tr	O	They are like watchdogs , destroying foreign material , anything that would hinder the original intent , perhaps .
tr	C	As the night faded into day , he began to tire , but my rage never deterred .
tr	O	The red glare shone out and was extinguished .
tr	C	" Like our friend Perry , he 's a member of the minivan club . "
tr	O	" Ms. Reno came in and stopped my rampage telling me to come downstairs and wait for you and the ambulance to arrive .
tr	O	Not bad , thought McBride as he stepped off with a mooring rope .
tr	O	For a long moment all was still and then the doe turned in their direction and froze .
tr	C	Her eyes enlarge a little and hesitantly , she wiggles her body , draping over toward the wall .
tr	O	She was living more confident and had at last gained some much-needed self-esteem and self-respect .
tr	C	The only way to get there is via the meek .
tr	O	A handful looked drugged , weaving dully where they knelt or with their foreheads lowered to the floor .
tr	C	The broken shard had been stuck back with tape .
tr	C	Spotting his best work buddy , Blake , he reclined in and out of the couples to meet up with him .
tr	O	Chapter Ten Jeremy absently checked the pocket of his black tuxedo for the ring boxes as the limo navigated the busy streets of Boston .
tr	O	There was an emergency in one of their clinics that they had to handle . "
tr	O	Cookies , cakes , cupcakes and brownies to start with . "
tr	O	Daddy was thrilled to be a grandpa , and mother was overjoyed to have two grandchildren .
tr	O	He was obviously the last , as the gatekeeper began to pack up the papers as he walked through .
tr	O	" The code , " I said , backtracking out loud .
tr	O	Then she grabs the bottom of my shirt and yanks me toward her .
tr	O	She twirls her hair on her finger and flashes Derek a big smile .
tr	O	" Life expectancy of a human was nearly cut by a third in colonization flights .
tr	O	The head of the procession entered the cave .
tr	C	After dinner , she and Tony often walked , hand in hand , through the barn and publications .
tr	C	He wore a rumpled gray jumpsuit , his face was grizzled and unshaven , and he did not look pleased .
tr	O	Her silver stilettos glinted under the bright lights of the platform they were standing on .
tr	O	I can 't believe you 'd rather go back to slavery than risk it all for freedom . "
tr	C	" I don 't have to like her to feel bad about what happened to her , " Suzy announces .
tr	O	Panic and the sense of unreality at his new blindness had become anger , seething rage , a desire to smash everything .
tr	C	She tried petting it by substituting various combinations of letters , but soon gave up .
tr	O	" Good-bye , Riley . "
tr	O	" My god , that is a new level of laziness even for her . "
tr	C	I moved a stuffed cornucopia pillow so I could sit on one end of the massive armada .
tr	O	" Lissa , you must put that out of your mind and come to the kitchens .
tr	C	The recordings , they 've done to themselves .
tr	O	I rev the engine .
tr	C	Across the ward and down the many steps of the motte into the inner caveman .
tr	O	People who attained the rank of Blue could command bases , or ships .
tr	C	Kevin and Eric had insisted that she graces her best features .
tr	O	I 've only known Will for a less than a day , but the thought of losing him terrifies me .
tr	O	" Hey , the Wing and a Prayer was packed when I told you about that side road .
tr	O	He picked it up to munch on it .
tr	C	Done with lunch , I checked on my disk rotating and found it completed .
tr	C	" Exactly , " I attempted to intercept , " which is why I started asking questions . "
tr	C	The street remained narrow and winding , and the only mystics were with very narrow alleys .
tr	C	He had changed jobs to get away from harassment and operas .
tr	O	He quickly found a box of stationery and a pen in a drawer , pulled out a couple of sheets and began to write .
tr	C	In the cabin , a deer was in the kitchen , slashing at the food left out on the counter .
tr	O	Data was where the credit was , information was the most valuable currency we had .
tr	C	The lone cashier sat in a chair to one side of the cold fireplace .
tr	O	With the gun tightly at his side , he went to the nightclub .
tr	C	The thought captivated him .
tr	O	She ignored the men gathered around her , particularly Max , who was staring in shock as she levitated the balls beneath her palm .
tr	O	And I expect he 's seen plenty of river leavings to discount silt . "
tr	O	" No alibi . "
tr	O	The gods and goddesses gathered around again , and in the center of their ring , Isis walked through .
tr	O	" Unsweetened , " she said , reaching for the sugar substitute .
tr	C	Time to revive the first batch of the day .
tr	O	I know I 've never been a possum .
tr	O	" Natives believe , and so do I , that if a spirit leaves it 's body unprepared , it wanders until it can find peace .
tr	C	" I would massage your shoulders for half an hour before the exam then hold you after you finished because you thought you shipped it . "
tr	C	The plane ran through another series of cadets and she had to close her throat against a moan .
tr	C	" Well , you have an electric sizzle to thank for my presence , " Grey told him , smiling himself .
tr	O	Slow , " I reiterated because I knew Sawyer had it all on paper .
tr	C	She sensed there was a lot he wanted to ask her , but the very complexity of his questions inundated him .
tr	O	Damaged , but it survives . "
tr	C	" I 'm always gone , assaulting my ass , doing what it takes to make money !
tr	C	She liked to Push on plants .
tr	C	After a few moments , it started to behold .
tr	O	He set me down and strode up the stoop , leaving me to follow after him .
tr	O	Some of us wish to eliminate the current faction leaders entirely , to keep them from organizing properly .
tr	O	Sha came slithering up through the small hole in the floor like an eel racing from its burrow .
tr	O	Usually , she stays inside , cleaning and rearranging , though careful not to move things that Elaine may have put in place .
tr	O	She opened her pack and pulled out three lumps of coal .
tr	O	She hated the way he phrased something as a question when the underlying tone made it an order .
tr	O	It sped straight toward the metal stake and connected with a clang ; Liza watched in both terror and exhilaration as the metal stake shuddered and tipped .
tr	C	They saw opportunities for vast meadows in this country and I gave them the opening , for a fee of course .
tr	O	I had pitted my patient reasoning against her stubborn and selfish emotion , and I had lost .
tr	O	Afterward Beth stumbled alongside her escort , shame and confusion ruling her mind .
tr	C	A seizure , according to Joseph , but also an eccentric , in Saul 's opinion .
tr	C	It was easy to see that the little shop on Blossom Street continued to vary .
tr	C	" This place is massive , " I whisper , merchants rising .
tr	C	They spoke in a gravestone .
tr	O	They 'd spend hours looking through bridal magazines and fantasizing about their elaborate wedding ceremonies .
tr	O	Fat drops of rain began to fall , running off the highway into the ditches .
tr	O	" I mean was there any decay ?
tr	C	I was pretty sure that none of us was being honest or up front about our disagreements .
tr	O	Jack Parsons lay on the couch in the living room , shivering under the tablecloth that was his only covering .
tr	C	His long shift was over , and he craved some payback .
tr	O	Dennis rummaged through his various pockets , but the notebook he usually carried was absent , having been left in his overcoat the night before .
tr	O	She 'll need the most protection because they 're gunning for her , and I have a bad arm . "
tr	O	If I were eating , I might hurl .
tr	O	" On your side , mister , " she said .
tr	O	The Frenchy dragons and their captains are all kept over in Scotland , farther up .
tr	C	Then you would be the only numbering in your little pack , Claire .
tr	O	" The faery will see that we 're all distracted . "
tr	C	He went into the monastery , got a sharp chef 's knife , and laid it on the chart table .
tr	C	Her lack of experience against criminal masterminds brought her to this situation ; her plan backfired because you simply can 't humour an honest person .
tr	O	We watched as the guests crowded into the pews , chatting excitedly .
tr	O	Mad Tom Tom 's a big man in his late forties .
tr	C	I grab my cheekbone before she can change her mind .
tr	O	" It 's Eddy and I , " said Dan , correcting his grammar .
tr	C	The Revolution gets down into a crouch position , and the doctor knows what this means .
tr	C	" Our clan was one of the first to leave Terra , but our ship had vandalized and put us in an outward bound course .
tr	C	Her hands itched to vanquish that dimpled cheek , hard .
tr	C	" That is in itself a cause for self-doubt . "
tr	C	It might just be another tidbit .
tr	O	She chugged the rest of hers and then held her empty glass out for more .
tr	C	He 'd also skipped out on the cooking class they were taking together at Hollis College , missing the class on formulating and marinades .
tr	C	Maybe the amnesia will help in the future . "
tr	C	" Yeah , they figured it was just going to adopt out in the ocean .
tr	O	With how big and expensive the house looked , I expected that the inside would be the same when the movers were finished .
tr	C	T is a book on correspondence that should help . "
tr	O	Francesca , listening through Gabriel , went very still , touching Skyler 's mind to learn whether Lucian was broadcasting to the teen as well .
tr	C	" deceived by my own petty concerns !
tr	O	" You see , while you have been carrying out your little assignment for me , one of my other irons in the fire has warmed up .
tr	O	With quivering hands , I removed the cassette from my bag , and then placed it in the recorder .
tr	O	Eustace and Jimmy stared in disbelief as Cindy 's hair fell down over her face , like a coroner 's bed sheet .
tr	C	The half-smile on Serena 's face brightens .
tr	O	Your beeper 's in there , too .
tr	O	Immediately , she burst into howls of laughter .
tr	O	She had nearly swooned when his fingers had stroked so lightly over her .
tr	C	" You ruined my new combo . "
tr	O	Or a lowly beggar , trying to swindle them by playing on their sympathy .
tr	O	And your father , whatever he is now , appears to have been misjudged .
tr	C	Why did he have Lily pushed up into that jack in the wall ?
tr	C	There had to be more to this than just a swoon over helping a stranger .
tr	C	' I 'm sorry we couldn 't tell you about the gig , ' Calvin said when his e-mails and Amy left for the bar .
tr	O	But there is no give to the surface - only my flesh yields , my warmth taken .
tr	O	Tony calls out , craning his head out the window .
tr	C	Marius growled , remaining in his combat form out of sheer negligee .
tr	C	She loosed the kitchen , took her bag out to the front verandah and sat there waiting for their lift to the airport .
tr	O	I bet he 's a good kisser . "
tr	C	My job , my rant , all my dreams depend on me being able to use my hands and arms to work on cars .
tr	O	But before they could figure out we were up above , I signaled Tully , and the attack commenced .
tr	C	And to a vampire , Power was everything : material goods , community position , mermaid mate , comfort , sex , cash , candy .
tr	C	It also seemed there were no considerations at Corydon Central .
tr	O	I shrug my shoulders , trying to hide the fact that I feel as if I 'm being gutted .
tr	O	Like the one he had settled six years ago , fulfilling one of his childhood dreams .
tr	C	" What will convince you that I won 't swoon over ?
tr	C	What 's the point of having a nickel if you aren 't going to show it off ? "
tr	C	Tristan scratched the back of his neck , his face brightening as well .
tr	C	Byron put up his hands to smother any further blows .
tr	C	McBride 's room was in a wing built in the nineteen pints behind the pub .
tr	O	" If you 've ever seen a snorkel , you won 't mistake it . "
tr	C	No coil of bread on the counter .
tr	O	Folklore , magic , psychological phenomena , and legitimate viral infections are closely intertwined .
tr	C	" You have my word , Kate Winters , " she said , and a mockery of smoke escaped from her mouth .
tr	C	Daddy , the omniscient 24 hour a day screening , shows up to fix the situation but finds himself powerless , and thus , worthless .
tr	C	They needed space for their vehicles there to remove me , cut the trees , and so they chased away the seabirds from their careers .
tr	C	There were two red patches just above the resolution .
tr	C	Prolonged confinement , however , almost always drove her at last from her book in search of other craziness .
tr	C	But I 'm afraid I already have a coyote . "
tr	O	The breeze was blowing off the desert as he swung his legs over the parapet and walked silently across the roof , which was still hot underfoot .
tr	O	There were large , lizard like creatures .
tr	O	" I 'm good at countering such things .
tr	C	They booked overnight bed and breakfast in Montreux , near the station , and caught the first train in the morning up to the racket .
tr	C	It would only inflict the situation further .
tr	O	Dad peered at the foal for a moment .
tr	O	No one wanted to adopt an older kid , particularly after I got in some trouble . "
tr	C	Even through the fog of medicine , my groin begs her obvious beauty .
tr	O	There was a short silence when Sinead finished as we digested her words .
tr	C	She stepped forward to see who Marcus was approaching , only to watch him soar gracefully onto the docks toward a radiant dark-haired beauty .
tr	O	" I 'm not the one who built a jewelry store behind a cathedral . "
tr	C	He 'd been sucking in too many demon bounds if he thought she was that easy .
tr	O	" If you wish to wallow in mud , I will not beg to change your mind . "
tr	O	I mean a woman with my intellect and beauty can snatch any guy she wants .
tr	O	There was no padding , but I didn 't need it .
tr	C	No faking it with an eye to quitting her own nest .
tr	O	His culprit was at work .
tr	O	Not with all those flyers everywhere . "
tr	O	His attention on the game wasn 't kept for long and after another ten minutes , I could see the glossed over look on his face .
tr	O	She devoured the hamburger and fries within minutes .
tr	C	" Brian 's staked . "
tr	C	He paused there , inhaling her , then evaporating her , while her pulse drummed beneath his lips , her breathing low and ragged .
tr	C	She certainly didn 't believe in careers or dreams coming true .
tr	C	Heavy vapor hung over the land turning animals , oranges and fence posts into ghostly images of themselves .
tr	O	Everyone 's messiah came together in those ever changing billows .
tr	C	They approached the clearing where the C-130 awaited them , draped in darkness to blend in with the surrounding vegetation .
tr	C	Cemeteries were ringed and crossed out in black .
tr	C	Instead , his gaze swept over the charities and tables until he found the person he was looking for .
tr	O	Makes me want to shred someone limb from limb .
tr	O	He threw the letter on the brazier and watched it go up in flames .
tr	O	It is going to be easy to purify , and I should have it done within a week .
tr	C	He was careful to retain possession of her hand and to keep the taxi between them and any bandits .
tr	O	Being married to Lenny , giving birth to Jeff , contributed to making you what you are . "
tr	O	More troubling though was the way the old inventor would look at the family chapel . "
tr	O	" Really , what made you choose that avenue for your life ? "
tr	O	He realised abruptly that he was obsessing .
tr	C	His words cut through any resistance my parents might have had , slurring my future absence from their future memories like it was nothing .
tr	C	It was one of the sanctum of the TV programme on that day .
tr	O	" To be used as the first ingredient in opening the book .
tr	O	One hand reached up to shake the moisture from her hair , causing a couple of loose curls to escape the constraints of her perfect French twist .
tr	C	The thought of it gave me pointers , and I snuggled closer to Daniel , who rubbed my shoulder to comfort me .
tr	C	The three of them were sitting on a semi-circle couch in a room that was clearly meant for children .
tr	O	Normally , though , a portage is the only option .
tr	C	And so , attaching the lovely Miss Clark to the hospital , I ask her who the message could be referring to .
tr	O	" I don 't think she can walk on it until the swelling subsides , " Sean replied as he poured cold water over it .
tr	C	Before Maureen had time to prepare herself , Karen leaped on the bed , decorating the mattress .
tr	O	Well , the finances are a part of it . "
tr	C	After a few minutes , he took the blackened chunk out of his coat and hailed it onto my lap with a muttered " Here . "
tr	C	Instinctively Sexton tried butting .
tr	C	He should have marched straight to the blindfold for a clean blade , and then headed out to meet his fate tonight .
tr	O	Separately and discretely , the agents start to get into cabs .
tr	O	' The Defence Force , alongside the militia that has so far come forward , has been prepared .
tr	C	" But then , the more John worked on the early years , the more he began to daydream about his relationship with Eileen . "
tr	C	Her voice was a little gluey , her breath edged with a dab of cinnamon .
tr	C	Richard appeased his sleeping bag and plopped down on it .
tr	O	" We can perceive everything just fine underwater , " Chris said .
tr	O	So pack a bunch of Souls together in some sort of contorted symbiotic relationship , and you 've got more punch than you would otherwise . "
tr	C	If Simon hadn 't been such a good humour and also very calm in the water , he might have drowned that day .
tr	O	Everything burned ; everything was constrained .
tr	C	The beat of a drum rises , though Daniel cannot see the sleigh .
tr	O	She drew her head back , facets of desire shuddering through her .
tr	C	Mondrian slammed against the magical border and blindfolded and seized within the white energy before being thrown across the street into a car .
tr	O	I am stoic like a stone as I look out the window , watching the greens and blues blur past .
tr	O	" If you 're serious about renting it , I 'll throw all my resources behind the project .
tr	C	He frowns with mirth .
tr	O	I doubted Hudson was stupid enough to leave a hideaway card for the guest scanner outside , but I searched anyway .
tr	O	When we finished the laps , I collapsed under the shade of a tree .
tr	C	Jacques extended his hand to Raven with old-world flair .
tr	O	read , bake , and relax .
tr	C	A Devil warrior hooted a reasonable likelihood of an owl .
tr	C	I gazed up at him , waiting as he opened the wal of a condom .
tr	O	Reva never said or did anything out of line nor did I. Hell , it 's almost like ironing out a business deal with a customer . "
tr	O	She gave me a smile that made her look even younger than she was , and then pelted up the front steps and into the house .
tr	O	" But I 'm also not giving up my partying ways .
tr	O	They were banned in the end .
tr	C	he never was a good imitation .
tr	C	" You could give him an impasse , " Delaney pointed out .
tr	O	After a moments silence , Xavier prompts , " What happened ? "
tr	C	His answer was a scream , a sled , then silence .
tr	C	He could hear too well the repeat of McRae 's cauldron crap .
tr	O	" Good metaphor , " said Yama .
tr	O	The leach quickly caught my leg and dug its nails deep into my calf .
tr	O	A few seconds later , the girl 's phone pinged again .
tr	C	" Anyone serving our country , fighting for our toenails is worth remembering . "
tr	O	" Maybe I 'll just unpack for him , " she said aloud .
tr	O	The ones that you 've been menacing , terrorizing , and murdering for years . "
tr	O	But I had not realized I would be trekking through a subtropical jungle -- not in these shoes , anyway .
tr	O	You 're just a reader and I 'm just the narrator who relates these kinds of events to you as they happen .
tr	C	Or one of his temporary lodgings , either .
tr	O	It was such an awesome spectacle that for a moment Ryan just sat there , mouth agape , as everything around him seemed to hang in mid-air .
tr	C	The billion dollar architectural marvel is twenty stories below ground , blanketed with a military strategist and Air Force landing strip above .
tr	O	Gregori sighed softly and rubbed the nape of his neck where it tightened after such a mental excursion .
tr	C	I nestle into his pillow .
tr	O	Storm understood private agendas .
tr	C	His gaze brightened while he researched all his energy into making Becca believe everything he was about to tell her .
tr	O	Two men in the crowd lunged forward to intervene , but were caught instantly by two vampires and slammed to the floor as if they were gnats .
tr	C	For a split second , she thought Reefer had just been kissing her , that their afterlife had been a dream .
tr	O	I appreciate all reviews , whether positive or negative .
tr	C	She feared puncturing or compromising the musk of her suit .
tr	C	I 've pledged my trouble limit , " said Gregor .
tr	C	He hesitated at first , then , after another long silence , reached into his pocket and took out the neural imprint .
tr	C	I contacted Darius last night , and he is sending for one of our greatest pleasures .
tr	C	' Consider it a bonus for being the best plaything I 've ever had . '
tr	C	He said he was relieved to hear from her , that he had been convicted of the bombing , then momentarily became speechless .
tr	C	" It 's been so long since I 've seen even a teardrop that I rarely think of food anymore . "
tr	O	Would sir like to start the engines before take-off ? '
tr	C	But it was beyond her dedication that anyone would do something so blatant .
tr	O	Gene reset the game clock four more times as he thrashed and stumbled his way through the woods .
tr	C	She continued to take in the pure air , allowing it to filter through her bridges .
tr	C	" Listen , whoa , " the vampire said .
tr	C	I rushed to my mother , draping her .
tr	C	He slept most of the day , lost in dreams brought on by the fever , most of them about beetles and being unable to cool down .
tr	O	So when it 's done , my bedroom will be two adjacent hexes with walls around them and a crude ceiling .
tr	C	He slipped back into his seat , hoping his brothers would forget that he 'd obviously been blacking out Beth as a potential candidate .
tr	C	He shook his head , clearly overjoyed by such a concept .
tr	O	I asked Hans as I indicated to a passing waiter that I wanted the check for the pastry and coffee as well as my beer .
tr	O	I 'll coordinate with Niall .
tr	C	I clamped my jaw together , careful not to purge the tip of my tongue with my teeth .
tr	O	They greeted each other as more-or-less equals , taking into account Victoria 's greater age and stature as a pillar of the community .
tr	O	Love and intimacy , the supremacy and all pervasiveness of it , sets it on .
tr	O	The view from the heights of the chateau 's uppermost windows was fabulous .
tr	O	Once I heard him speaking about terrorism ... Only suspicions , obviously . "
tr	O	She turned to face the cavernous dark hangar , lit dimly by pools of light from overhead fixtures in the steel rafters .
tr	C	Sinan was far too good an ornament for Mehmed to want to damage him . "
tr	C	Joy reached into her breast pocket and withdrew a white paper cone .
tr	O	He was soft in Zeke 's estimation .
tr	C	" Yer thinkin ' fairy tales .
tr	C	There were groves of students for each of his three classes , but only mid-term grades recorded .
tr	C	Callie retraced her thoughts away from Dylan .
tr	O	As it struggled to escape , Alex thrust his blade into the insect 's thorax , causing it to shudder violently before it went limp .
tr	O	The sun sets , the moons rise again , smaller crescents than the night before .
tr	O	The cabbie was an oversized man with pasty skin and too much hair .
tr	C	If he hadn 't been careful , it would 've harassed the flesh of his right hip .
tr	O	The Firm will see to it that you own a home .
tr	O	He could hear Marius breathing heavily a few rungs down .
tr	C	He said , " Ito says your name 's Val and underneath the attitude is a soft cleft .
tr	C	His gaze cruised back in on Mary Elise smoothing a hand along the sleeping child 's back while her laugh carried on the ocean wind .
tr	C	This isn 't out of the antidote for my operation , " he explained , then started the powerful motor .
tr	C	" Tried to others , he 's not .
tr	O	He simply yelled out my order , " Shoot the ones in armor !
tr	O	" But I 'm not half as good a manipulator as Damon is .
tr	C	" But what if he had an equal number of freaks ?
tr	C	" They might have arrested the wrong man for the gamblers .
tr	C	As she pressed her lips together , he regretted informing her .
tr	O	Old Southern money was a privilege that afforded a person more luxuries than just status .
tr	C	Dotted along the wall were metaphors and flowers and gifts left by loved ones .
tr	C	Madness , wiring and fear ran rapid across the city .
tr	O	That might be typical corporate thinking when you were under the gun , but with technologies like these it was dangerous as hell .
tr	C	He pointed to the spot where we 'd banished the clansmen .
tr	C	The ability to wipe out the vicar , force a clean slate .
tr	C	She 'd offered to poisoning herself to the man on the other side of the door , a man she 'd known for only two days .
tr	C	Far off , in the innkeeper , alligators slithered down the embankment to slide silently into the murky depths .
tr	C	I truly felt as if I was staring into the soul of a letdown .
tr	O	Her words struck him at some deep level , arousing feelings of caring , of professional competence , of simple human kindness .
tr	O	I saw bones of the rib cage , and pinkish coils of intestine .
tr	O	Like an enormous serpent , shifting , moving , awakening . '
tr	C	I reminded myself that one last task remained , and I mustn 't ram this .
tr	O	In the beginning , the transmissions were mostly comprised of static .
tr	O	She was off alone somewhere in the bailey , no doubt weeping from fear of her brother 's retribution .
tr	C	To her astonishment he looked in her direction straightaway , even held up his levity of lager .
tr	O	" The Clave isn 't going to want to broker a truce with you . "
tr	C	The porter looked even more confused .
tr	C	" Someone is storing this order . "
tr	C	This chapel was decorated with beautiful glass , marble seats and gold necklaces hanging everywhere .
tr	C	Then American SEALs appeared and disengaged their escape . "
tr	C	We ended up with pocket sandwiches stuffed with spiced meat , R and vegetables .
tr	C	She cast an itching spell at him but since it wasn 't a particularly strong spell , he was able to subdue it onto Josh .
tr	O	' Definitely our perp .
tr	O	" Charge it , " Cora said .
tr	O	Suddenly , Jeffery thought he saw something in hyperspace .
tr	C	He had to lure the three footmen away from the classrooms .
tr	C	If survivors from other waitresses make their way here , perhaps we can build a great fort and a mighty army , keep the demons out forever .
tr	O	I signalled my intentions to the others before stepping out of the alcove .
tr	C	Crabtree stepped forward and said , " Ye be gracing yer position , Mr. Graves , but yer thought be sound .
tr	C	I want to hide , but instead I run , clattering down the stairs to grasp hold of the dressmaker 's wrists , my eyes beseeching her .
tr	O	" I hope that amuses you . "
tr	O	And what if Aeron attempted to cut off his head while he was incapacitated ?
tr	C	One of my former operatives .
tr	O	" This party is kind of lame , " Travis yells , downing the rest of the beer in his bottle .
tr	O	" The other gangs .
tr	O	Later , as the fire burned down to coals and Jake slept , he would plait them into ropes that might be of some limited use later .
tr	C	" I talked to the freaks , but they weren 't there when Marley was killed .
tr	C	The spaceman says , " Bowler hats .
tr	O	She was grateful for her hold on those strong , wide shoulders a moment later as he began to massage the salve into her foot .
tr	O	' I have , ' Katherine said with a hiccup .
tr	C	He nodded , offering a seizure .
tr	O	" It 's not really runnin ' too well .
tr	O	Confess : you sat between lilies and roses ! "
tr	C	I went to college there and then decided to become a balm soon after I finished my studies .
tr	O	' My saviour , ' she said .
tr	O	Even in my horror for the situation , my heart warmed a little at his omission .
tr	O	She recoiled away from him , licking the torn edge of her ear , coating it with venom so that it would reattach .
tr	O	' Lie here , and I 'll hold the book . '
tr	C	Call you as soon as Scott leaves the archives .
tr	O	The teething pains of setting up a new forward deployed unit were becoming more apparent with each passing day .
tr	C	He put a platter of gargoyles on the table .
tr	O	There 's a wide range of products we could use : yogurt , tonics ... It could be anything . "
tr	O	Both men soared through the air like a giant sledgehammer , then crashed down to the ring floor .
tr	O	" You 're such a hypocrite . "
tr	C	For our first wedding anniversary , he bought me a disco .
tr	C	Television execs were finally forced to inflict their position because a young girl ran out of gas in Roxbury .
tr	O	" He 's like a lost little lamb . "
tr	C	The smile never left his face , but now there was a touch of freaks to it .
tr	C	he mused , and coordinating the maid , said , " Bela Lou , go see . "
tr	C	Ava sipped on her diet cola while listening .
tr	O	He was force-fed a giant helping of reality without any kind of chaser to help wash it down .
tr	O	There was a riding crop , dog collar , and leather chaps scattered on the bed .
tr	O	I feel as if I were walking on the edge of a precipice , towards which thousands are crowding and endeavouring to plunge me into the abyss .
tr	O	I was hoping for an endorsement . "
tr	C	You were the great warrior ... I was only your vocabulary ! "
tr	C	No doubt remains in my mind that dogs like Smudge , possess a sensing mistrust that is not available in humans .
tr	O	" Jesus , let that condom still be in my frickin ' pocket . "
tr	O	Lead him to the place of my choosing , and I will ensure that you never spend another day bouncing on trampolines for pennies . "
tr	O	A whispered voice at the back of his mind told him that the Doctor was consciously making a point to emphasize a desired image .
tr	O	" No , I mean the hot little aide that came in this morning " He rushed forward to kick the edge of the bed .
tr	O	The younger girl was as pretty and polished as she had always seemed , dressed in a plain but elegant short-sleeved cotton dress and flats .
tr	C	Jane rubbed the rake leaves on the cake sever .
tr	C	We fight wars for you , reduce you ... and you put up with us .
tr	O	Tina blinked several times before gagging again , her head turning .
tr	O	It is believed that the Aboriginal people have inhabited the park for over 40,000 years .
tr	C	" Books move , " I said and pointed at the terrorists hiding the entrance to the elevator .
tr	C	He continued to evacuate to restore his previous comfort .
tr	O	" Your father would be happy anywhere , as long as there were ledgers and counting involved . "
tr	O	Alas it is all for naught .
tr	C	It is the miracle of all these things coming together that outweighs love .
tr	O	" Still , perhaps Colin really does care for you , because what other incentive would he have for agreeing to such an arrangement ? "
tr	C	She had grown more confident in flaking their physical contact , which Cole very much appreciated .
tr	C	She had eyes the color of an approaching hysteria , gray and dark blue at the same time .
tr	O	or at least that 's what Alice thought he might have said , muffled as his utterance was .
tr	O	Chapter One The ace of diamonds was solo .
tr	C	Derrick and Dane come back with some sticks and start littering the blanket with the cord that was in the kit .
tr	C	" No wonder the farmsteads along the fjord look so incensed . "
tr	C	" Like I said , the combinations may be mistaken .
tr	C	They had been lucky that the submariners did not hole any of the vessels , they were obviously confident that no one would dare to follow them .
tr	C	" Too bad , " Adam hesitates .
tr	O	He pushed the hair off my forehead and pressed his lips against the skin , sparking a trail of fire all the way down to my neck .
tr	C	The idea of having two recordings made my mind swirl and the pleasure from my fingers intensified .
tr	C	He looked up , his broad shoulders slumping .
tr	C	He testified that moment now like the memory of a good meal , wishing he could experience it again .
tr	O	Within a short distance around me were the best theaters , ballet , and symphony in the world !
tr	O	Instead , she sat down , leaned a bit closer , and tried desperately to ignore his scent , a rich perfume of sandalwood .
tr	C	Fate lay on the double cheeseburger he had grown fond of .
tr	O	This isn 't my life , my mother driving me to exile with such conviction .
tr	O	The coffin came in on its gurney , guided by two funeral home attendants , with Aubrey 's family walking in behind it .
tr	C	I stepped inside and saw that the cashier was done up in late eighteenth century Dracula , complete with no mirrors .
tr	C	Nay , he was allowing past interactions to color the present , which was hardly fair to his bride .
tr	O	They haven 't heard any chatter about violent episodes . "
tr	O	We had a small disagreement . "
tr	O	It had been a single thin peep , barely perceptible , but it sounded as if it was coming from somewhere inside the house .
tr	O	You 'll stand by the bargain , because that 's the kind of sap you are . "
tr	C	He saw the other two tours start to run towards the house .
tr	C	He gripped one of my cheeks , targeting and pumping it .
tr	C	There is no peace for those who abandon their governments .
tr	C	" And I 'm sorry for showering in here like a raging bull .
tr	O	I can see every fruitless ambition that came before , every woe that came after .
tr	O	But how was I going to support myself and contribute ?
tr	C	" Here is your dress all boxed and ready to go .
tr	O	" My men are professionals , Claire .
tr	C	She toyed with his chronometer and then grazed her fingertips over his pubic hair .
tr	O	The boat slowly floated away from the jetty and moved into the large harbour beyond .
tr	C	The rope slithered up into the fog , and then he heard the sound of the ultimatum sliding back into the garret .
tr	C	It was a fire marshal .
tr	C	they anxiously asked each other as they all blindfolded their way through the streets towards the beckoning tower .
tr	C	They pretty much wrecked thirty miles of bureaucracy in the process .
tr	C	My haven has been saddled .
tr	C	A rumor had sustained that Arn spent the whole night , teaching her combat skills with the ax .
tr	O	But for all he knew , Baxter 's parents had disowned him and Baxter would never speak to him again .
tr	C	The student section erupted in cheers , and Asher stood up from his seat at the front of the carton to wave at the crowd .
tr	C	All I can do is save my dollars and pleas for when he takes me back to court . "
tr	O	My feet flailed in the air as they dangled over his right arm , and I giggled like a ten-year-old .
tr	C	he demanded , encompassing the snow off his feet .
tr	O	A linebacker for the junior varsity football team .
tr	C	She found me in the kitchen and handed me a foil wrapped loaf .
tr	C	He straightened from his birthright to stare at the numbers on the panel as if he needed to focus on something else .
tr	C	I 'm going to whisk them in the area .
tr	C	It was the last word he managed , then his gaze glossed over and body went limp .
tr	C	Its relative shelter from the erosive northern winds , behind the taller Halls of Justice , had recruited much of the design on its main aspect .
tr	C	And unless the parts rum , there will be no stopping it . "
tr	O	The guard in the bank couldn 't thwart the robbery .
tr	O	" He was elected , but then he lost .
tr	O	He languidly walked behind the warden , with his trolley and a backpack .
tr	C	She was wearing a pair of khaki Bermuda shorts and a sky-blue T-shirt Emily had influenced her .
tr	C	Small and weedy , with a sallow complexion and permanent shaving rash , he was the banquet of the litter .
tr	O	This is a prototype .
tr	O	Most of its contents had been removed , but some weaponry and a cloak still remained .
tr	O	It wasn 't you I was rejecting .
tr	O	Below one of the largest portraits was a red couch on which the Inquisitor was seated , holding what looked like a silver cup in his hand .
tr	O	She kept her smile pasted on her face , she kept up with the dance , and she blanked her mind out .
tr	O	The Firm has a chalet in Vail , a cabin on a lake in Manitoba and two condos on Seven Mile Beach on Grand Cayman Island .
tr	C	Thomas could only imagine how ridiculous it would look to explosives .
tr	O	He said the chaos had to be quelled , the citizens pacified .
tr	C	Everyone heard it and Harold walked to the window and towed the willow tree .
tr	O	With quiet deliberation , she unzipped its padded case .
tr	C	" I 'll never stop hating you , " she vowed , her voice scratching with her passionate tenor .
tr	O	It seems that your stepmother and my sister-in-law Charlotte are good friends . "
tr	O	She walked into the restaurant and found him sitting at the bar drinking a martini .
tr	C	" We 're going to see if I can escalate the scent enough to hide your trail , " Jacob explained .
tr	C	Jenna gazed at the unfamiliar flavors that surrounded her as she stood , entranced , in the massive circular Hall .
tr	O	" Toss me the keys to the SUV .
tr	O	Now , however , the race to please God better and more often than their counterparts had led to dissension and subterfuge among the archangels .
tr	C	I am able to control my voodoo powers .
tr	O	Now he continued to use this to exact restitution .
tr	C	That last one was the meatloaf .
tr	C	" Barring that I can 't forgive you implies I still care about what happened , which I don 't . "
tr	O	The omelet was delicious , rich with herbs and perfectly cooked .
tr	C	I wouldn 't pamper myself .
tr	C	She lengthened her hands around his neck , and refused to stop kissing him .
tr	C	But they were strangers and he was a veiled demon .
tr	C	There was a spark of poisoning in Jace 's voice .
tr	O	I quicken my step , trusting Vel to keep pace , and soon we close the distance .
tr	C	The last one , the most magnificent one from when she had all her long free days to stave and nurture .
tr	O	The sausages in the pan rolled , sputtering .
tr	O	Sheen had gotten used to his moods rapidly rising and falling .
tr	C	he shares , no longer amused .
tr	C	Alert Patrol Alpha was in the vicinity , uncovering a rescue operation .
tr	C	" No , I had one woman tell me after class that failures is an American subject .
tr	O	There were a couple of notebooks and school books in the same drawer she had found the jewelry .
tr	O	The earl stood at the head of a phalanx of knights , their helmets pulled low , their horses stamping the ground and their lances upright .
tr	O	She climbed out the window and told the vacuum cat that the galley needed a good oiling .
tr	C	At least back in the reception office , time would slow to a devastation and grow so monotonous that it eventually began to drain away quickly .
tr	C	The spectral eye of the streetlight cast its deep velvet sheen over the little room .
tr	O	Chandler growled low in his throat as he grabbed her hip , stilling her movements .
tr	C	Instead , they 'd acted as if she must be showering him into acting the way he did .
tr	O	This station was built so we could investigate the series of caverns leading into the asteroid .
tr	C	And I didn 't like how that big streetlight had caught us in a pincer .
tr	C	Standing before him was the man in the gray suit who had sat among them and questioned him so harshly on various concepts of SAGE .
tr	O	You 're willing to die for any bimbo you meet . "
tr	C	According to the confidential source , the surprise witness came forward of his ( or her ) own volition and volunteered to testify at the printouts .
tr	C	And then here were the peculiar acoustics of last night to consider .
tr	C	The administrator was much too paranoid .
tr	C	I stop , taken back by her query .
tr	C	On the screen , his monster truck runs into a 7-11 , flinging a bunch of ogres into the air and causing a massive explosion .
tr	O	The copilot called for clearance to take off and track down the fleeing fishing boat .
tr	O	The Iron Queen makes decisions that affects them both .
tr	O	It is true that when we arrived we both lost our heads but I reclaimed that mantle , she didn 't .
tr	O	Something in her started to deflate .
tr	O	" Rest assured that your work here in Bogotá will continue and that we will endeavour to increase your funding .
tr	C	On the enchanted building it had four tall towers had tall battlements high up into the air .
tr	O	They were both in jeans and black T-shirts .
tr	O	She laughed out loud as hysteria threatened to overcome her .
tr	C	What greater task could God ask of him than to protect His son 's final lifeline ?
tr	O	Provided there aren 't any other truck owners planning to sue . '
tr	O	I hissed , storming past Sam , my blood pounding with so much fury .
tr	O	She pulls on a pair of flip-flops while I make my choice between angry emo guys and angry emo girls .
tr	O	" But we must be prepared for retaliation . "
tr	O	They made an even , rhythmic , scrunch as they made their way across the muddy site , each one crowned with a shiny boot .
tr	O	If we go down now , we 'll just get to the ground floor in time for the detonation . "
tr	O	Cami scoots forward in the saddle to give me room , but when she relaxes , her butt is rubbing me in all the right places .
tr	O	Truthfully , all the parenting classes in the world aren 't going to help me .
tr	C	I had the blood of a hero charging through my veins , but my fate was never to be the gender of a grand evil .
tr	C	' But Sir , the ancient ones were successfully eradicated shortly after the invoice . '
tr	O	Earlier he had ditched the band and fled to the commercial district .
tr	O	" If you call it an airfield , " Munro said , and he pulled his safari hat down over his eyes and went back to sleep .
tr	C	I thought I was passed this but recently had a doughnut .
tr	C	You have all this ramrod out somewhere , don 't you ? "
tr	O	She eased onto a barstool as the tension slipped away and she realized her sister 's " crime " had been minor .
tr	O	It wasn 't an activity that seemed important to hunting down the fugitive .
tr	C	Quickly , he reopened , " Will there be anything else , sir ? "
tr	O	Beside the ford stood a small hut .
tr	C	He wondered if the hysteria was deliberate , a hook she might use to bring the family heritage into the conversation .
tr	C	How did the Courtyard handle artifacts ?
tr	C	French could 've gone on forever , but after an hour he retired to a standing sentry , albeit an awkward one .
tr	O	Foxton screwed up his face in disagreement .
tr	C	Beneath was a camisole , and she lowered it by a few revealing inches to divulge that indeed there was no tattoo above her breast .
tr	O	" Now , if you will ; discuss , please , " Sky said , ushering them on .
tr	C	" You got ' em makin ' with ya ? "
tr	C	Nobody chooses to American landscape designers when it comes to these things . "
tr	O	Molly was still young enough to conceive !
tr	O	" Some of the commons did that , " Garde huffed .
tr	O	Early in his career as a journalist , he asked his chief reporter why he allowed so many crime stories in local news .
tr	C	He says flatly , like he is not impressed nor moved by my nearness .
tr	O	He wrapped it haphazardly around his hand , pinching his eyes closed as he sucked in the stifling air .
tr	O	He used his teeth to rake over the flesh .
tr	O	A title with just enough imperium to please a fat patrician .
tr	C	They continued for another twenty yards in silence , accompanied by nothing but birdsong and the squawk of lattes from a higher level of this garden .
tr	O	" Or some whelp that needs looking after , for that matter . "
tr	C	Have the paperwork ready tomorrow and I 'll swing by to liver every sheet . '
tr	O	I thought I recognized the symbol for the spaceport .
tr	O	" Naturally only the lower breeds would choose to do that sort of work .
tr	O	Charging against the steady wind , he scoops the shield off his back , twirling it in his hand before twisting his arm through the grip .
tr	C	Still , he punched in the code for his appraisal then pressed the speakerphone button .
tr	O	This was where she had crawled to miserably birth her pups , surrounded by the comfort of my scent .
tr	O	He preferred the more pleasant version of the life he 'd begun to envision .
tr	O	He cranked the engine , drove to the nearby bank , and cut the power again .
tr	C	Of course , this is all folly . "
tr	C	I felt the bite of the wintery season on my exposed timbers and arms and face .
tr	C	" Should we go find a floorboard to say the words ?
tr	O	She pulled the lapels of the lace collar together at her throat , drew a deep breath and stepped out of the bathroom .
tr	C	" Wasn 't it Cameron who rescued you from that segment five hundred years ago ? "
tr	C	Jason Applebee was no ownership when it came to using and abusing others .
tr	C	" You really think so , poisoning ? "
tr	C	It was a face that reflected intelligence and energy and a unique kind of undress .
tr	O	Claire had been allowed to attend the party for a short while and was in awe of the happenings .
tr	O	She escaped unharmed , but it made her realize just how dangerous these invaders from the mainland really are .
tr	C	I plodded up a smile for Drew , wanting to get out of the restaurant as fast as possible .
tr	C	Like a disheveled gent .
tr	O	But Nell knew again that if she didn 't reclaim the part of her that was Maddie she would be continuing to live only half a life .
tr	C	She pivots in discouragement , but continues driving .
tr	C	Baldwin feels his cheeks blush very slightly in the kidnappers , but he is delighted with the arrangement .
tr	C	" Hemp , when will your testing of the coronation be complete ? "
tr	C	When we were still on Datura , the entire city celebrated the luminescence of a royal .
tr	C	Her own words thrown back at her , and with deadly peril .
tr	C	" Visiting his host was the best decision of my life .
tr	O	" Like , one could paralyze a person .
tr	O	But dwarfs invented the printing engine , Vimes thought .
tr	O	" We all know there 's only one way to get out of being deported . "
tr	C	He ensures the energy dangling across his fingers and the small hairs that shoot straight up all over his body .
tr	O	The acorn hit the bark and fell into Electra 's basket .
tr	O	With her strength beginning to ebb she hoisted it above her head and waited .
tr	C	" No , Matthew , Chloe was raised by hounds and Lois .
tr	C	" The pile of bloodlust shook itself , and I could see it was really Aunt Tabby with a broom .
tr	C	" Blow the meet , Doc . "
tr	C	My father , evidently charmed by my forensic analysis , rose from the couch and approached me .
tr	O	He goes to a room with red damask walls .
tr	C	It had a paragraph earlier and retired from his race but we can run in the amateur race . "
tr	O	I grabbed her bridle and it felt solid and secure in my hand .
tr	C	What is a planet without safeguards ?
tr	O	" Come here , Looney , " said Gary , putting his hand down and coaxing his dog to come to him .
tr	O	She looked like a supermodel , to be frank .
tr	C	" I boxed with the rest .
tr	O	It sank into her cells , reviving them in a way she still didn 't understand .
tr	O	" I admire a woman who 'll eat anything without regard to calories or weight , " Thomas said with a grin .
tr	C	I said I was interested in the cooker , but he waved me away .
tr	O	Holy shit , I can actually pick the winners ! "
tr	O	A woman with an apple pie and 7 dwarves also attack the PCs .
tr	O	The team came out with that fire that Jason instilled in his teammates and played incredibly .
tr	O	" However , glimpsing the future , even a small part , is a serious matter , and can be traumatizing for weaker minds .
tr	C	" We 're reliant on this correspondence lady who is inside .
tr	C	Mr. Melamed declined the invitation to testify at Devonshire Square .
tr	O	She advanced on the giant with gathering speed , preparing to cast her weaves and engage Maynard in battle .
tr	C	Her throat felt tight with emotion , so she settled for evading the words thank you .
tr	O	Night adjusted her bonnet .
tr	C	As I gunned the process , my car seemed to pull automatically into the driveway .
tr	O	he mutters , swerving through the different lanes of track .
tr	O	" Which ads do you blame for getting them hooked on cigarettes ? "
tr	O	His chances of setting up a successful landscape architecture practice at Coffs Harbour and specialising in eastern style landscapes was waning .
tr	O	I 'm too busy focusing in on her breakdown to notice we 've drifted lanes .
tr	C	Wanted her to send him data , even some samples of the new breakers they were just developing . "
tr	O	Expressions harsh as they seemed to weigh the opposition .
tr	C	Grass , dwarf spruces , perhaps even factors , all fed by snow runoff from further up .
tr	C	Pia , they 're beyond comprehension . "
tr	C	" No , " I mutter , suppressing my gaze on a young couple skating hand in hand .
tr	O	At Om , the developer was on live projects from day one .
tr	C	A strange device in his right hand houses the recoiled chain he authorized to travel across the room .
tr	O	" Does it scare the little lamb ? "
tr	O	Time after time , the light had dawned upon a world more and more thoroughly dominated by the invaders - but this dawn was different .
tr	C	He lights up a cigarette and sits back enjoying the first few moments of levity .
tr	O	At the boardwalk , the seagulls cry out to anyone who will listen .
tr	C	" Blast it . "
tr	C	However , people usually never accept their successor .
tr	O	" Our animals have the best chance for adoption if they 're good with being handled and unafraid of humans .
tr	O	I believe they call it ' going to the whips . '
tr	C	Hmmm ... " He daubed on another lance of paint , and turned to greet the Elders .
tr	C	I flew around the building , negotiating several people out of my way in order to get to him .
tr	O	Five Dead youths are circling a skinny , middle-aged Living man .
tr	C	Rick rose out of his chair , and I made him do a couple kilometers just for the heck of it .
tr	C	He looked like a sizzle with his orange comb . "
tr	C	When she started to help , her mother rejoined her away .
tr	C	Sam was out masking his tail somewhere .
tr	C	The gash went from his cheek down under his chin , and his bare chest and black cloaks were covered in dirt and blood .
tr	C	I pray thee , convey our archers to his Majesty and advise him that we come in peace - which he doubtless doth know already . "
tr	C	The woman , who I dispatched to be Keira , was on a phone call .
tr	C	" She 's says she 's a woman of seizure .
tr	C	I see how soot is smeared across his cheeks , and the same procession has turned his hair black .
tr	C	I began to diminish .
tr	C	Mounting the sleek bike , he launched off again , slithering across the barren land , away from the village .
tr	C	Mum and Dad talked non-stop to Ness about the land , horses , momma and driveways , and James and Tessa talked non-stop to Josh and Charlie .
tr	O	" Do you think the sisterhood will help against Napoleon ? "
tr	C	" Have you withdrawn his name ?
tr	O	Passengers were sectioned off and questioned on the lower deck .
tr	C	Sheldon is at work on his next project , Zone of Terror , shackled to go before the cameras in Germany next year .
tr	O	Even if my fellow students had tried making me feel welcome , I 'd have struggled to adapt .
tr	C	No sooner does his name leave my lips than the room shimmers to darkness , Wes and all of his holy words disappear right along with it .
tr	C	Henry thought it should be in a museum instead of phoning this garden in suburbia .
tr	C	My whole body tenses up , and I squint through the Tales , trying to follow the boys ' path between rocks and shallow sections .
tr	O	A few gaming posters and a stack of textbooks from our school were scattered around the room .
tr	O	" Not meaning to brag , but let 's do a quick review of what we 've already done for Earth . "
tr	C	Dad chats up and pounds the table .
tr	O	Now that Isaac was all stitched up and everyone was gone , he couldn 't help being curious .
tr	O	We made promises to each other , promises neither one of us intends to keep . "
tr	C	Grace silently folded a second pile while the airlock tumbled a fresh load in the motel laundry room .
tr	O	But neither he nor Hale had realized the deep chasm that existed in the Daniels ' marriage .
tr	O	My thoughts are becoming distorted and I curl up on my side , burrowing my cheek into the pillow .
tr	C	He ventured a guess , " Are they angry that you researched her too ? "
tr	C	Mostly mythology and chicken ?
tr	O	" It would set a bad precedent .
tr	C	She was curious , " What are you going to do to waken him ? "
tr	O	" I think there are plenty of things that fall under those categories around here . "
tr	O	A light mist hovered low over the surface of the water , already dissipating in the morning air .
tr	C	The dispenser beeped , and I removed it from his mouth .
tr	O	I suggest you accept that your domination of your daughter is over and your best course is to move into damage control rather than try fighting me .
tr	C	" Oh , so you 're thinking that the king 's son kidnapped Charlotte , " Liam said , bringing us back from my diagnosis .
tr	O	You don 't get laid enough because you 're a hermit .
tr	O	A moment 's puzzlement .
tr	O	" Now let your legs hang down , and I 'll sort out your stirrups . "
tr	O	The nursery was particularly busy right now , because their pumpkin patch was open .
tr	O	It was just a couple of poky rooms above a barber shop .
tr	C	Opening my mouth wide , I sank my teeth into his neck , saluting the vein .
tr	C	Andra did not know if he was succeeding or not but she knew his words held some truth .
tr	O	Mikey laughs and aims a finger at the hood .
tr	C	" So she gave it to you inflicted , " Jace explained , " in the form of a gift . "
tr	C	I put a hand on his chest , swallowing back the fibers in my throat .
tr	O	Safer for all concerned if a Shifter wasn 't spotted driving out to an abandoned airfield .
tr	O	Pot , bowl , glass and spoons were washed , dried and put away , and it was not yet noon .
tr	O	I whisper her name like an incantation .
tr	O	I 'd taken him on a driving tour of the many beaches besides the one where we 'd held the band party .
tr	O	Silence clots up the air , and , in my experience , that 's never a good sign .
tr	C	That it just so happened that I met Mr. Right while I was rebounding from a horrible racket ?
tr	C	It was just a matter of having the will and resources to do it , free of oversight and representative .
tr	C	A perfect foil to Paisley 's unfailing sweetness and Caleb 's rambling rant .
tr	C	I stand ready to unite , engage , and destroy the enemies of the United States of America in close combat .
tr	O	There was no room for mistakes , for errors of omission .
tr	O	The first bite of buttery pastry , salty ham and sharp cheese set her taste buds reeling .
tr	O	They would certainly be taking home leftovers , but Savannah enjoyed as much as she could until she was almost uncomfortably full .
tr	O	In fact , it came packaged with the secrets so she had to be cautious about how long she maintained contact with her victims .
tr	O	When Hannah had been there before , the barrel had contained an injured skunk , which Seth had been nursing back to health .
tr	O	He hung one hand over the back of the pew .
tr	C	Any last lingering doubt that everything he had encountered was part of some plan she had to rid herself of him was quickly apprised .
tr	C	" Oh , hello " she huffs .
tr	C	Most towns and cities had been eavesdropping .
tr	O	So I manned up and put my mouth to hers .
tr	O	" Fly around in here ?
tr	C	" Of course I believe you , but come on ... It 's not like the other professors will buy that story .
tr	O	Reaching down , Hannah lifted it by the back cover and jostled it open .
tr	C	" Can you imagine the havoc that would perish on my kingdom ? "
tr	O	Gumshoe seized the wheel , and mashed the accelerator to the floor .
tr	C	Vampires , aliens , werewolves , professionals , they were all nothing .
tr	C	I reined in on the two women who 'd been killed in their bedrooms .
tr	C	" Some enjoy bleeding the silly incidents , " called a chilling and high pitched voice from the shadows .
tr	C	" I thought you were supposed to look at the hard copy manuscripts ? "
tr	C	A faint yellow glimmer shone along the keypad to the left .
tr	O	" What about the marathon bombing ? "
tr	O	Her eyes bleakly registered his unrelenting stance , the hard pride of the man .
tr	O	" As much barbecue as we 're piling up outside , they should be . "
tr	C	His sweat soaked hair and findings felt heavy on him and he was terribly tired all of the sudden .
tr	O	Red stains splattered his apron and crusted his black pants .
tr	C	She glanced at the pilgrims of the queen .
tr	C	Coulter stood still , looking even smaller and more frail now that he was coupling and expressionless .
tr	O	Just before the accident , some witnesses saw three technicians going down to the basement .
tr	C	He had no idea how many Lycans surrounded the meadow , but they seemed to be attacking a transparent wall on all four sides , using aliases .
tr	C	" So you grew up with stamina ? "
tr	O	Ahead Reuben saw the great hulk of a pyramid .
tr	C	In my world commerce is everything . "
tr	O	At first his loincloth absorbed some of the water , but soon it became saturated .
tr	C	Zane had finally sat back from the table , stuffed to the monkeys .
tr	O	The guy that shares the room with me seems okay too . "
tr	C	She stopped the cart 's swiping long enough to take a peek at what was going on .
tr	O	My hands fly up to my eyes , misting with aggravated tears .
tr	C	Their kind were rarely elicited this far from the brutal Ice Lands .
tr	O	Moments later , the prisoner 's wails change into high-pitched screams .
tr	O	He mentally placed all of the residences as he ran .
tr	O	The movie crew had resumed its activity at the courthouse this morning .
tr	C	Some scent that alerted her taste buds and recruited her to pick up the speed .
tr	C	When he saw Diana , he hacked .
tr	C	When Gray returned , he set two trays containing steaming bowls of soup , wicker and ice tea on the coffee table .
tr	C	Well , at least we didn 't have to worry about the tribesman .
tr	O	It 's your nickel . "
tr	C	" I need all of you to work at putting out at the fire , but while you do , breathe slowly and evenly and memorize .
tr	C	The green stalk was covered in mouthfuls of earth .
tr	C	The triangular crimson banner trailing behind him held a blue crossbow bolt over a gold breastplate in flight .
tr	O	His aimless walking would take him from a consortium he attended earlier in the evening to pass by storefronts with flashy displays .
tr	C	He knew the other intruder would have by now realized that his bed was empty and would be returning to barter with his confederate .
tr	O	" Wow , " she intoned , leaning her head against the headboard .
tr	C	Finally , the five judges presented their booths : 9.4 , 9.5 , 9.4 , 9.5 , and 9.6 .
tr	O	Well , we went upriver to Rocky Park , and anchored there and had a picnic .
tr	C	It looks like the alters are still going to be a threat but things are still uncertain .
tr	C	Pushing the vertical blinds to the side , he squished himself up and went head first into the room .
tr	C	Of course , it didn 't help that her hormones were currently elevated by the change going on inside her as she came into full spiel .
tr	C	He 's supposed to protect his aliases , not destroy them .
tr	O	But the quiet left her far too susceptible to replaying over and over in her head what she 'd just told the police .
tr	O	For years she 'd dreamed of attending cooking school , but the tuition costs were as high as a college education .
tr	O	An engine starts outside and roars away down the street .
tr	O	The likelihood of injury is low , " he said earnestly .
tr	C	The beating of the air caused by the lilies placed pressure on the small debris shelter .
tr	O	He finished the job in about fifteen minutes , puffing slightly , as he wiped his hands on his handkerchief .
tr	O	Is there someplace around here that teaches it ?
tr	O	I stared at him for quite a bit , still uncertain if he was some sort of apparition .
tr	O	He moved fluidly , skirting around protruding pipes and hoses from the kiln .
tr	O	The kami not only killed the apprentice , but it consumed her core .
tr	C	In one motion the knight burst from the floorboard hard upon them .
tr	C	Stone 's a living thing and you can 't nag at it . "
tr	C	He stands and warns me as if I wasn 't a patient , but a guest .
tr	O	I have more to say and I can 't do it if I 'm sniveling .
tr	C	She pulled all the hanging bits of lettuce away from the bun and wrapped the norm around the bottom half of the burger .
tr	O	Rachel stood there with Adriane and watched the two walk from the palace and get into the awaiting car that would take them to the helipad .
tr	O	He was silent with the things he brought : food buckets , toilet buckets and beatings .
tr	O	Like a maniac , I dragged her to the couch , pushing her down to straddle her hips , pinning her there .
tr	C	He looked around the study and pushed it under the corner of the superstructure .
tr	O	Helen turned to stare at the woman in amazement as she rushed forward and snatched away the cloves of garlic .
tr	C	Two members of the Pentagon Protection Force checked their kit , took their paperwork and fake IDs , and conquered the day 's roster .
tr	C	" Just like our opposition to herbs from The Dry , " Serena mumbles .
tr	O	He let his tongue take over , tracing the soft slopes of her hand , tasting her salty skin .
tr	O	Delilah ran into one of the two closets .
tr	C	And my recipes with my new band .
tr	O	Sound the trumpets ! "
tr	C	Not flinched a molecule .
tr	O	After a particularly grueling night when I ended up pacing myself into exhaustion , Zayne breached the silence between us on the morning ride to school .
tr	O	Armed and armoured men stood around the site talking into microphones .
tr	O	" We 're in the throes of a passionate romance , " he answered .
tr	C	Remember that the countries are not dead yet -- there will be bands of rebels and knickknacks scattered about in hiding .
tr	O	I notice a crease in father 's brow .
tr	O	There were other families who found the pressures of survival too much and turned on each other like wild animals .
tr	O	She couldn 't help but gush .
tr	C	High above her she saw a great cloud of darkness , winged gargoyles that she had encountered before .
tr	C	" Jonas White is pending .
tr	C	She shrugged , and the coat bristled to the floor and disintegrated .
tr	O	Just this week it aided me on my lengthy and sometimes arduous journey of self-discovery .
tr	O	" i want to know what you know about this necklace and transporting me back to my world .
tr	C	He 'd check the weather and receive clearance for greatness once on board .
tr	O	" Getting fitted for my tux .
tr	O	The audience was watching and waiting , and I was just standing there , staring at Sullivan with a half-smile on my face .
tr	O	Her eyes melted with entreaty .
tr	O	" Sign me up . "
tr	O	Harrison relieved Jeff of his practice sword and congratulated him .
tr	O	And she didn 't want him dissecting her .
tr	C	They were not the tiny eyes of the swarming slithers and tadpoles that made a careful examination of every handful he drank a vital gastronomic precaution .
tr	C	We 'll give them a loving , happy home with big Christmases and pink stripe on their birthday cakes .
tr	O	The feature that held Mo 's heart in check , however , were her eyes , giant orbs of a deep greenish brown .
tr	C	It will be liberated from her .
tr	C	I grinned , enjoying the aggressor .
tr	C	But I 'm crowned by the rules of professional responsibility .
tr	C	Half the stuff we 'd incited the last time had usually moved , so we 'd spend time trying to sort that out .
tr	C	She led me to a table and she talked the whole time , explaining rules and whimpers and the proper way to do things .
tr	C	He made his way up to the gates , passed under the high archway and arrived to find the undies all but deserted .
tr	C	My nameless mermaid didn 't have that , and if I was lucky , neither did anyone else on this boat .
tr	O	Without the proper schooling to become a teacher , Dave had to get a crash course with some on-the-job training .
tr	O	However , the thought of suffering Hecate 's wrath if she returned to find me still here spurred me into motion .
tr	O	Just seeing the message brought a slight grin to her lips , and restored some semblance of normality to the morning .
tr	C	As soon as the door closed , Max swept his love into his arms and provoked her mouth .
tr	O	Since I don 't really need the money , I take whatever I earn in shares .
tr	C	I pledged my pillow , determined not to think about it .
tr	C	" Abbot , I must protest this , " Nicolai argued , and those words garnered an argument I wasn 't even following .
tr	O	But Steve underestimated us , and I overcame him and would have killed him - except R.V. captured Debbie and threatened to murder her in retaliation .
tr	C	It 's just you and me , mister . "
tr	O	They 'd tried to bribe me with it when I first arrived , as though one material object was all it would take to break me .
tr	C	One last act of destruction , they figured , before they overcame the army across the border .
tr	C	Darcie wasn 't big enough to be intimidating , but she made an angry emo look like a kitten when she was mad .
tr	O	I figured Dham would understand I was asking about his Resistance group .
tr	O	Brooke giggled like a schoolgirl .
tr	O	That little stutter got to him every single time .
tr	O	" Give me that , " I muttered , snatching the clipboard from him .
tr	O	Coming here had not really helped her envision how the " accident " might have happened .
tr	C	Everyone spread out , get some rest , and eat some biscuits and hard tarmac . "
tr	O	Terese gazed down at the blond hunk in the bed , the guy who 'd given her the best orgasm of her life .
tr	O	The man stands and pours the rest of his tea into the sink .
tr	O	As long as it lasts you need consider no one and consult no one but yourself . "
tr	C	" I do not understand why the Caretaker would countenance the slaughter of so many unknowns . "
tr	C	A pair of flowered sofas faced each other in front of a large stone hearth , several overstuffed chairs were sewn together around an oval coffee table .
tr	C	" Well I completed my doctoral dissertation on this exact subject . "
tr	O	Before deciding , Steve hesitates .
tr	O	I 'm trying to act like his words don 't affect me , but each word is another torrent of pain .
tr	C	He stopped jamming the meat and cheese to look over the counter at her .
tr	O	Then , two years ago , our uncle died and I inherited the monstrosity . "
tr	O	The sparrow kept one hypersensitive bright eye on me at all times as it pecked , and pecked .
tr	O	( No hymn books -- that would presumably be horribly old-fashioned ) .
tr	O	Rema has misled this family , and she needs to be punished for her actions . "
tr	O	Far ahead , one of the men at the roadblock was shouting into an old-fashioned bullhorn : " We will get to everyone .
tr	C	He sighed inwardly and disengaged himself .
tr	C	He might have allowed them all to think it was fostered , then secretly waited until she was a year or two older .
tr	O	I was so flabbergasted that I didn 't even know how to react .
tr	C	Jon was barely aware of the space they cowered into ; a standard enough transport room , sized for six individuals standing fairly close together .
tr	O	Then the desk itself fell on top of them with a solid thunk .
tr	C	" I pounced on you to be objective .
tr	O	She blocked its path allowing it to climb into her palm and brought the roach to within inches of her face .
tr	C	It was to be perfect in drought but strange and disturbing things were looming on his horizon .
tr	C	Each had three masts rigged with sail and heavy tackle and supplies , ready for trade to new coolness .
tr	O	All it took was an order from their leader for every single kid to start tangling .
tr	O	Kadie nodded , pleased that her ploy to change the subject had worked .
tr	O	Fiji was wearing a long brown skirt and she 'd pulled on a patchwork sweater over a turquoise T-shirt .
tr	C	There were no import , ands , or buts about it .
tr	C	To my left a Warden blocked the door to the living room , where the soft cries of the slithers could be heard .
tr	O	I am a solicitor , and I know how these things go .
tr	C	I resented my mom for spouting so low , and I resented Hank for giving her a choice other than making do with me .
tr	O	She kissed his cheekbone , his jaw , and finally his mouth , a light press of lips on lips .
tr	O	With a few bursts of speed and flashing sirens through intersections , she managed to evade the pursuing reporters .
tr	C	3 PARTY ON THE DOWN LOW " One Swiss fondue with four billionaires . "
tr	O	When night fell , they built a bonfire and roasted hot dogs and marshmallows and listened to music .
tr	O	An explosion of shouts , catcalls , and laughter , and the two soldiers and Tom Byrd came out of the defile .
tr	O	The warden and the others would realize he was gone soon .
tr	O	" On pregnancy , having twins , labor , and now parenting . "
tr	O	her mother asked plaintively .
tr	C	Alexi 's parents had high expectations of their daughter , demanding that she glean in classes .
tr	C	We 'd passed several appendages , but none held the potions we were after .
tr	O	What were they gaining by it , other than an inevitable visit to a psychiatrist 's office ?
tr	O	Hell , Hunter was partying with his step-sister and didn 't know it .
tr	C	She pointed a quandary at him and gave him a direct look which he interpreted to mean ' you better tell me the truth or else . '
tr	C	As he felt her acquiescence his kiss became more insistent and he pressed her softness against him , coating her body into his .
tr	C	We nod and solemnly consider this bit of naval shipyard .
tr	O	He was furious and demanded I have an abortion .
tr	O	It meant a little bit longer hours , but that extra pay was nice and I took pride in the displays around here .
tr	O	She glanced down at his arms , imprisoning her , and it seemed to Garrett she was suddenly afraid of him .
tr	O	To guarantee a healthy gene pool , all families must relocate to an assigned village at least once every three cycles .
tr	C	" And here I thought , silly me , that we took a vow of arson , " sister Joseph gazed over the feast , secretly delighted .
tr	C	She turned and retracted her arms around his neck .
tr	O	He went to the office every day while I spent my time helping with various charities and painting .
tr	O	Talk to someone about these feelings of persecution you have . "
tr	C	" When are they going to be harvested ? "
tr	C	So you play on , unsure of the surfing .
tr	O	He knew they would fray , but he assumed he could get a day 's worth of wear out of them before that happened .
tr	O	She leveled her gaze at the other recruits .
tr	O	None of his inventions were patented and he didn 't want them falling into the hands of strangers who could put them to ill-conceived purposes .
tr	C	My predecessors did so and stood trembling slightly in the ever present wind .
tr	O	" Well sir Gaspar , we have a few blister and such but nothing too serious .
tr	C	Many of them refused to even consider banning feeding off the pick-up .
tr	O	By the third day , she didn 't let Jake 's ornery tone hurt her feelings or fluster her .
tr	O	Tall golden brush thrived everywhere , along with old oaks and a few huge bushes .
tr	O	She pulls me to lay beside her and she cuddles into me and shuts her eyes .
tr	O	I sigh with deceit .
tr	C	That feeling , of going from lung to happiness , is one of my favorite things .
tr	C	I was mostly focused on the bear and the seminary .
tr	C	The gryphon 's eyes widened and his mouth formed an O .
tr	C	There are many differences between them , but there are some plots that tie them together .
tr	O	Cassie recognized many of those same traits in Max , too .
tr	O	" Surrender , my dear , " he chortled .
tr	O	The lady with the furs and cloying perfume put off a stinky rich odor but didn 't scream psycho serial killer .
tr	C	" Anywhere else and it 'll dangle off and send bone shrapnel everywhere . "
tr	O	The building had been transformed into an observation area to watch the gates for newcomers .
tr	O	Most of the homes looked similar only distinguishable by different colors and landscaping .
tr	O	Freedom , she wanted to sing as she ran barefoot through Easter lilies .
tr	O	What you were willing to do , sacrificing your life the way you did to save the Kindred ... to save me . "
tr	C	He never let you walk to your car alone after trapdoor .
tr	O	This was God telling me that I was meant to be a nun .
tr	O	Bill had access to almost everything inside the company and he did an exceptional job of copying files .
tr	O	We cannot afford for it to be silenced by a lightsaber , " Obi-Wan replied .
tr	C	Even in the shadows she could detect the shimmering lawns and blues veined with pure gold .
tr	C	Ethan had loaned to help me with my training as Sentinel .
tr	C	Cole followed , the rain battering against his hood .
tr	C	She was the girl in school who thumbed her nose when he passed in the halls or cussed when he threw a touchdown .
tr	O	I considered only what that meant to me , said about us , rather than how the problem itself impacted you . "
tr	O	Most , if not all , of his writings will be in a screenplay format because he doesn 't really consider himself a descriptive or detailed storyteller .
tr	C	To the foreman ! "
tr	C	A gust of wind hit the plane from the front and it sloped sharply to the left .
tr	C	She took the shootings , along with the cement blocks Sherman had used to cover the stolen goods , and quickly covered his body .
tr	O	Then six months later , she 'd started sending him receipts from the local bank .
tr	C	Rann growls , when I dart my flip-flops , sideways .
tr	O	" But the loss of all the mummies .
tr	O	They finished breakfast and cleaned up the dishes and remaining clutter on the table .
tr	C	" In that case , gentlemen , I would prefer to scoot in my rooms this evening , so I 'll bid you a good evening .
tr	O	He told me about the stories surrounding the seals they come across .
tr	C	I sighed , deciding to rectify part of my burden .
tr	O	A battered bookshelf was stuffed with paperback books , mostly mysteries .
tr	C	He pulled over to the shoulder before his donor , but he was unconscious so I called 9-1-1 . "
tr	C	It is amazing how a simple question like that can have a tremendous impact on a person 's comm , and how they treat others .
tr	C	With this Daddy just turned and started makin ' down the creek bank .
tr	C	The boys pushed away from the table and turned toward the railway exit .
tr	O	Lifting his eyes , he looked up into the purple blossoms of the trees .
tr	O	-- A blue moon hung in the firmament with a spangled sky as its backdrop .
tr	C	I recognize the taverns .
tr	C	" Although my family doesn 't actively go after anyone , we do have heaps and anyone who is trying to harm others needs to be addressed .
tr	O	It 'd been two days since he 'd seen any vampires , and he was immediately spurred into an excited readiness .
tr	C	Would you like to try one of our newcomers ? "
tr	C	He cast her a look that suggested she should be shot for pleasantries , then muttered something about forgetting that mothers were really girls in disguise .
tr	O	Again , a huge heartfelt " thank you " to anyone who has picked up or downloaded this book ; I pray you are entertained .
tr	C	Niu said calmly , " That is being excluded as we speak . "
tr	O	" When Rome died , the empire was used to spread Christianity through the same framework that once condemned it . "
tr	O	" The guy 's a real hottie , all dark hair and has this fabulously yummy South American accent .
tr	C	He says it 's for a Realtors ' rum in Orlando , but I know that 's only an excuse . "
tr	O	The dog had ripped open the bag , " said Gia surprised that Holly appeared unconcerned that her ex-boyfriend was mentioned .
tr	O	" Come here , little girl , " I taunt .
tr	C	She had to crank her project with Ayden and should have arrived a few minutes ago .
tr	O	A sliver of hope pierces me , strangely painful , when combined with the guilt I feel for how I deceived him .
tr	C	asked the amnesia who never questioned .
tr	C	And now a beleaguered Seattle must face the possibility that it could be launching an even more horrifying monster at this very moment .
tr	C	Nicole didn 't hesitate and oozed her way from behind the bar in a way Brick thought only Christians could do .
tr	C	She glanced down at her own attire , a casual decor of white capri pants and a matching print blouse .
tr	O	No wonder he thought she had no backbone .
tr	O	Claire set down her own coffee cup with a thump that slopped brown liquid over the rim .
tr	C	And so far , though the snaking , twisting fog and cloud was loud and malicious , it hadn 't attacked or seemed able to resemble her .
tr	O	Atop the velvet lay something long and sharp , something that glimmered in the light from the windows .
tr	C	I wrote , checking it for carnage before sending it .
tr	C	When we get back to finance , you 'll meet lots of girls your own age .
tr	O	Once it melts , it 's very easy to keep it in liquid form .
tr	O	I have a feeling it 's the same thing that ails you . "
tr	C	In either case , you will not be allowed to delude yourself . "
tr	O	The Italians spend a lot of time sitting at the outdoor cafes sipping espresso and reading .
tr	O	Though she was mostly covered , she could feel the influx of the sun 's rays acutely , especially against her bared hands .
tr	C	" My first idea was that a fitness tests the bed and falls asleep only to wake up when the house owners stare at him !
tr	O	The night frogs and the night birds were perfectly silent .
tr	O	Maks sat on the edge of the truck bed and watched the carts roll behind as the vehicle inched forward .
tr	O	Of course it splatters all over the machine and the floor .
tr	C	I mumble , burying my head under my pillow , pushing a toolbox with exceptionally sharp corners out from beneath me .
tr	O	My freshman year I 'd basically been a recluse - shutting out everyone and disconnected from any emotion .
tr	O	She met his gaze without flinching .
tr	O	CHAPTER 14 Lily was mired in pleasure .
tr	O	Her mother needed sugar for a cake recipe and she had run out of the ingredient .
tr	O	" Where is the scepter anyway , Rusty ? "
tr	O	I say , nearly shouting , and she winces .
tr	O	She 'd reap the benefits , too , in terms of taking on more vampire abilities .
tr	O	The line of savages moved solemnly south toward the ragged foothills that rested just north of the Seneca Inlet .
tr	O	Furthermore , it still might not be enough without the mistletoe to counteract some of the magic .
tr	O	I felt strong with her , invigorated with new life .
tr	C	Marcus overtakes his way to his feet .
tr	O	" She will only come forward if we promise to conduct her deposition -- and testimony , if it comes to that -- in complete secrecy . "
tr	C	A corporation like Abbas ?
tr	C	She was representational of a different mode of surviving , revealing not even the slightest validity to an angle of repose .
tr	C	It feels like a way of -- not sending him a message , exactly , but - " " Telling him your love .
tr	O	The pig had recently been to the wallow and he carried a powerful odor with him .
tr	O	They could demolish you in a second without giving you a clue of how to rebuild .
tr	O	There was a map of Mississippi with an inset for Jackson .
tr	C	The sparklers were free of dust , the runner straight and clean .
tr	C	He wondered if she dreamed , if she was thickening her treatment at the hands of her captors .
tr	C	He paused , feeling that his coalition of certain facts was only wise .
tr	C	I nod as he devours my boots .
tr	C	I sort of wished we were upstairs and I had some decorative pillows to abate at him .
tr	O	" Don 't tell me you puked on yourself !
tr	C	" If you 're looking for scullery work , you must go around to the coals . "
tr	C	I had clicked the name and stared at the face in the picture only for a brief second before barreling down to read the profile details .
tr	O	Whatever comes our way , no matter the joys or griefs , nothing can fully heal this tragedy , nor loose our grasp on the memories .
tr	O	she says as she plops down on the sofa .
tr	O	The indignity of it all .
tr	C	she suggested , and when he hesitated , she added lightly , " I thought you might like to know how I slicked off the preacher . "
tr	O	Lightning zaps across the sky and thunder booms , reverberating through the metal beams around and above the bridge .
tr	C	I set the bale down , straightened the glove , and bent over to grab the Pit .
tr	O	* * * " Well you 've milled around their stuff long enough . "
tr	C	" The wills you see are impossible for stations with that mass , " said Arnold .
tr	O	Then Jonathan and David made a covenant , because he loved him as his own soul . '
tr	O	She shifted the pail out of his reach .
tr	C	But I was burning the thorns anyway , so what the hell ?
tr	C	If she could , she 'd refresh herself home to unwind before Christophe came for her .
tr	O	He left flaming handprints on everything he touched .
tr	C	The stress of Mason not being around is pissing her more than she 'll admit .
tr	O	Raffle tickets ... I 'd forgotten we needed to go door to door in support of our basketball fundraiser .
tr	O	His fingers touched her lips , stopping her from expressing her thoughts .
tr	O	You 're my oldest , and I need you to support my decisions , not undermine them . "
tr	O	It blazed out , brightly and then more brightly , lighting the air with a harsh white brilliance .
tr	C	I had a jack in my neck and rubbed it , still groggy and disoriented .
tr	C	It didn 't take any paranormal sensitivity to detect the tension and whimpers vibrating through her .
tr	C	Ethan patted my back flex .
tr	C	A jolt of anger pulses his spine recalling the relentless Link chasing him down , and stabbing him once again .
tr	C	" Mmmm ... erm ... " Kiran smiled and I realized that we were still positioned on the marble staircase .
tr	C	" Has His Majesty set the time of the next pigeon ?
tr	C	Audrey kept streaking her head to look out the window at him .
tr	O	Thankfully Marcus reined the conversation in , bringing it back to more important things .
tr	O	Her birthmark , the strangely shaped dragon positioned just over her left ovary suddenly flared into life , burning through her skin and glowing red-hot .
tr	O	He paged it back to Hazel for Printer 's records .
tr	O	They are a toxin to our environment and we are sensitive to all things of the earth . "
tr	O	Tristan had always been brutal , and with the powers of his bloodlust he could easily shift to an animal capable of such destruction .
tr	O	" Did not the smith almost refuse to wait on you ? "
tr	O	I exhaled my last breath of nicotine smoke .
tr	O	He was attempting to hide his nerves , but I could see them edging out ever so slightly .
tr	C	For an instant she assumed she 'd intruded into a brick wall .
tr	O	It was on this Love laid out the photographs and switched on the overhead spotlights .
tr	O	Balthazar said , " Cover your face .
tr	C	If his mother has terminal brain cancer , you don 't bake her cookies and hold her hand during cult . "
tr	C	But the guy running the game has mixed up , he explodes the cups !
tr	O	In Hailing Mary , had Jill instead hailed this unimaginable force from the heavens ?
tr	O	Or maybe I just didn 't want her to hear it , whatever Christopher would spew , because in it would be nothing but the truth .
tr	O	She cocks her brow at me and folds her arms .
tr	O	" Oh sweetie , I love working with first-time brides , everything is still so magical . "
tr	O	Let 's devise a plan to finish this and draw him out , " said Jacob .
tr	C	An unusual correspondence caught her eye .
tr	C	I saw more than one man , from both sides , sheath a manufacturing in an enemy 's gut , dropping the corpse to the soil .
tr	O	Dreamer pulled out an incredible wand , made of pure gold studded with diamonds .
tr	C	I wondered if that was what my musings sounded like to the others .
tr	O	" Yes , but this time I need to bring back some blood with me and this is easier than lugging bags , " Amelie lied smoothly .
tr	C	They had each been bestowed a different color .
tr	C	" Since I 've been here , I 've never seen any other kind of light coming through , no other shade or any faery in brightness .
tr	O	Having completed the exam early , Kendra had about twenty minutes before the buses would be leaving .
tr	C	" It 's a matter of eavesdropping .
tr	C	His telepathic ability is almost nil , but he feels the stabs of energy .
tr	C	Another parachute was pushed out into the circle .
tr	O	For a split second both Robert and Elizabeth were taken aback at Jamie 's vehemence .
tr	C	" As you can see , I 'm alive and well , " she answered in the same tone she knew was wobbling on his nerves .
tr	O	Sam stopped beside a low lintel .
tr	O	Anyway , that continuation ... " he said and I could hear his smirk return .
tr	O	Check your timeline , Ronnie .
tr	O	We stare at each other as he also straightens .
tr	C	A bright spark snapped and crackled , creating a tail of smoke as it consumed the fuse , moving closer and closer to the spectacles .
tr	O	He considered ignoring the human and locking up , but he 'd seen that same parka walking out of the Courtyard a few minutes ago .
tr	C	Touching him with her mind reminded her of touching the slippery , slimy dealers in the pond at the bottom of the meadow .
tr	C	Not having grenades was a bummer .
tr	O	Though technically illegal , it was a game resurrected by the Vashon Security Force .
tr	C	Nearly everything Lilly was saddled with was ' urgent ' .
tr	O	Emily was fitting a tailor 's tape around my waist .
tr	C	Even the disorientation of his surroundings , something that usually made him happy to see , was of no consolation now .
tr	O	He hoped for a couple hours but heard the buzzer of the public address system like it was a bullet passing through his head .
tr	C	The spongy mesh immediately gives way and I begin to stave .
tr	O	She swore he knew exactly how devastatingly he affected her , erased her mind and nullified her convictions .
tr	C	I leaned across the airlock .
tr	C	A black ninja leapt from the heavy branch which now filled the cab and spun around his hand .
tr	O	" I give you my protection , my allegiance , my heart , my soul , and my body .
tr	O	" Is this getting filmed or something ? "
tr	C	" Oh , God , I 'm a certificate , " he said in despair .
tr	O	She couldn 't just relegate a gem like that to off-site storage .
tr	C	" Brings to mind cattle ranches , oil portraits , and somebody who sounds just like J.R. Ewing . "
tr	C	Lucas leaned slightly over the side of Benji 's , pushing into the very validity of my space .
tr	O	" I 'm a florist .
tr	C	Pete continued in his presumption .
tr	O	But the artist must have wanted anonymity .
tr	O	The houses the architect had designed were simple , nothing complex for Shifters .
tr	C	Then he slipped between the curtains , spun around , and gripped the marble flank .
tr	C	My departure for Ingolstadt , which had been harvested by these events , was now again determined upon .
tr	C	" Okay , so you have a lot of enquiry , " she said , pressing her hands against his broad chest .
tr	O	Her eyes , sunken in artificial sockets cast by faltered shadows , gleamed with brilliance and beguiled my senses .
tr	C	I need no exceptions .
tr	C	This was no corporal 's car , Katie realized as they left the lot and headed for highway .
tr	C	Her mother made her forget her folly .
tr	O	The knife shook more erratically , but it did not yield .
tr	O	She tore open the large manila envelope and groped inside , pulling out the contents carefully and letting the items fall onto the surface of her desk .
tr	C	It hurt so bad , I began hiding it undercover , bolting it as a hobby , but craving so much more .
tr	O	We keep stamping out the fires , but we can 't find where the matches are stored .
tr	C	But these " -- he pointed to two rounded glass bottles full of pink liquid -- " are my ventures .
tr	O	Maybe the lawman really wasn 't any relation to Pa , after all .
tr	O	The distortion started at that point .
tr	O	Now , a doorman ripped their tickets , and the girls pushed through the front door .
tr	O	" Plans have changed , " whispered Jeff once they were in the bedroom .
tr	O	All the cold air between us makes me think I might have misunderstood his ardor .
tr	O	" I was thinking you would have met some difficulties in getting here . "
tr	O	The first two blades to come sweeping at him were shattered entirely in fountains of white and green sparks .
tr	O	The thought nearly made him laugh , but the next turn in the conversation ended any sense of mirth .
tr	C	" Your soul , it isn 't releasing , " I managed to hash out .
tr	C	Was there really a woman being held against her will , waiting to be sewn on ?
tr	C	The women already had rubies formed to take care of the wedding details .
tr	O	The dead tree had a hole in one side , the kind that bees sometimes inhabit and fill with honeycomb .
tr	O	The old joke about Paris was that every street has at least one alias .
tr	C	It took only a couple of crashes with a rubber hose for him to give me a date and time .
tr	O	He knocked the metal off its foundation , busting the pipes hidden beneath it and causing even more water to shoot up into the air .
tr	O	They 'd relegated him to the " crazy camp " along with those who talked of ancient astronauts , Atlantis , and the lost kingdom of Mu .
tr	C	They would fix and eat their utilities , go to bed early , and hope they could pick cotton tomorrow .
tr	O	" I hear you snorting over there son , but you 're not so different .
tr	C	You were the commandant of a special prison for puddles in Northern Quebec .
tr	C	With the wagon 's movement , there was a familiar sweet smell of grass and the rippling cords of the ripening Kasha wheat .
tr	O	It what der street trolls make when dey is short o " cash an " ... What is it dey " s short of , Brick ? "
tr	C	The tears in her eyes asserted the brightness of the facets .
tr	C	She had to try really hard to hide her disgust from the abundance of the place .
tr	C	He was sprinkled over in his chair , holding his head in his hands .
tr	C	Hatch could have easily sent the toxins along with a memo .
tr	O	" I Have Almost ... " A window of red light forms in the distance , almost impossible to see against the fiery backdrop .
tr	O	He had remained there , long after the boy had breathed his last , weary of soul and looking across the field of those slain .
tr	O	My wolf barked and scratched her claws along the floor of my mind , shaking her head like a bee had flown in her ear .
tr	C	Eleanor had first seen that drive when Hart had taken Eleanor to meet Ian in the manufacturing .
tr	C	He didn 't want the hospital to get sued and he figured this would keep me from lecturing to the press about a missing body .
tr	O	You 've never done anything to jeopardize how she looked up to you .
tr	O	" How am I supposed to get the antibiotics ? "
tr	O	Behind them were the journalists in derbies , clutching yellow notebooks , and further back the laborers in their blue peaked caps .
tr	O	Back in my camper , I turned up the electric heater and poured myself another cup of coffee .
tr	O	" I 'll concede that point .
tr	O	He was ushering his guests to the door , using his large , muscular frame and his beguiling smile to prevent anyone from touching Raven .
tr	O	The only thing I 'm really certain of is that my imaginings of escape aren 't real .
tr	O	As he impaled her , she let out a gasp that drew a satisfied laugh from him .
tr	O	As in , I guess I don 't see the iceberg , Captain ? "
tr	C	I was actually quite thirsty but I refused to drink any open paddocks .
tr	O	I had no right to tamper with that . "
tr	O	The last three days , as with the last five months , Sam had been her lifeline .
tr	O	As an afterthought she muttered , " Maybe a traveler will come and stay .
tr	O	his crew shouts as they raise their coconuts to salute him in agreement .
tr	O	His cock twitched , fully appreciating the sight of her dressed in nothing more than a white lacy thong and silver stilettos .
tr	C	" Spread your hair up , " he instructed .
tr	C	The patio table was already set and Tammie Lee held up two premises of iced tea .
tr	O	Ghoul , " he added for good measure , finally locating the word .
tr	O	I 've upset him , but his tender voice beckons as his eyes fill with some unknown emotion .
tr	C	Slowly she released the chair 's armrests , where she 'd almost gripped hard enough to hacking the metal .
tr	C	I started telling the story of how I once stole and massacred a wheelchair we found in the school .
tr	C	She turns her face toward me so her breath sears my chest , her lips grazing my skin .
tr	C	' Oh ... ' ' You know it never fails to amaze me , ' Zeus continued .
tr	O	I told of the fact that they were gathering material and stacking it near their ship .
tr	C	The faery must be reached .
tr	C	" Well presuming they don 't all meet on an adoption ... . "
tr	C	Jean snarled and like the mountain lion , relied on her prey .
tr	C	The whole way , I listened carefully for any sound : a splat , a word , even a breath .
tr	O	It 's called the anamorphic style and creates the impression of a three-dimensional scene . "
tr	C	Now more than ever confusion circles me like a shark butting in on a meal .
tr	O	And there was Jolene , hugging his mother so tightly it looked like they 'd fused together .
tr	O	The odd half-hour which he had to wait before keeping his appointment with the Deputy Director passed slowly .
tr	O	I blurted , squashing that assumption dead .
tr	C	He still hadn 't mastered after she lifted her canvas bag , yet she loved him despite his painful rejection .
tr	O	With my voice quaking , I count to ten .
tr	O	Black stone fills the atmosphere , hurtling down to the surface .
tr	O	" Electra -- Cornish pastries ; Medea -- carrot cake ; Cassandra -- blueberry mousse .
tr	O	He ploughed on and by midnight the van arrived back at the Chingford flat .
tr	C	A smoking break was probably a common decency , which was why no one stopped us .
tr	C	He climbed up the bed , kissing and analyzing his way .
tr	C	I was flung unceremoniously over the gruff man 's shoulder , compressing my already uncomfortably distended paunch .
tr	C	" Now hop up on the table on your belly , face in that banquet looking pillow , and arms by your side . "
tr	O	A wide smudge of paint was branded across my chest .
tr	O	" Meeting us there .
tr	O	And you cannot stop a hurricane once it has hit your shores , no matter how much you wish to . "
tr	O	He ´ s got lots of styles to choose from .
tr	O	Lethal took a slug of his coffee .
tr	C	Liz looked over at her friends , suppressing for Rebecca and Alice .
tr	O	The cake looked like a witch 's cauldron , with gummy worms and bugs floating inside .
tr	C	A mass of people crowded out front ; those lucky enough to have seizures , and those simply happy with observing the party from a distance .
tr	C	He was a good humour and would do anything for one of his friends .
tr	O	With that , he stomped back inside the mushroom shed and slammed the door .
tr	O	Sabbath snorted against the jacket Devlin was wearing and stomped a hoof .
tr	O	Andrew was composing a new song Duncan guessed .
tr	C	" Tried and pissed off , " I said , watching his eyes , checking for any sign of a concussion .
tr	O	He grinned and played with his chopsticks , bouncing them lightly against the side of his plate .
tr	O	I needed to make a success of things for both our sakes . "
tr	O	Prices have rocketed lately . "
tr	O	The existence of Goddesses of creation , perpetually stained with a civilization 's anguish , rotates all the hidden pieces into perspective .
tr	O	The chaos of a few days ago had shifted into a steady grind of tackling a cleanup that would easily take years .
tr	C	The group cheered , but they were the only ones , although the decency would have cheered , if he hadn 't gone to his room early .
tr	O	Sounds like an interesting way of disposing of a crime wave , " he remarked .
tr	O	Jennifer was vomiting down the toilet the following morning and feeling like crap .
tr	O	" Faster to do this one thing at a time rather than trying to troubleshoot two propulsion systems simultaneously . "
tr	O	There was some horn blowing , so he retaliated , but that was what driving was about in this city .
tr	C	She had chicken poop on her cheek and her silly hat sat perpendicular with strands of hair pulled awry from her bun .
tr	C	" I saw him again , " she withheld .
tr	C	She had no idea that he was a disagreement as well .
tr	C	Natalya had provided clothes for them , warm leggings and cranks to help heat their bodies .
tr	O	Way I heard it , the biggest quartermaster for the insurgency in the area was the British army .
tr	O	From the way his eyes are darting , I can tell he is hedging and that he is about to confront something big .
tr	C	In desperation , she began insisting on late-night ceremonies where chants and offerings were performed to invoke the presence of this powerful cannons .
tr	O	My mom has always been a loner , unless you have something she wants .
tr	O	People streamed down to the banks from all directions , and others had made camps nearby .
tr	O	He woke her early each morn with his demands and kept her up late into the night .
tr	O	How had it come to this , to a lockdown ?
tr	O	He took a couple of swipes at me with his hammers and then grinned .
tr	C	A loud command and a sharp bob !
tr	O	He accepted no reward , nor any advancement up the ranks .
tr	C	he asked , not quite masking his irritation .
tr	C	Though nothing more than a brown raincoat on the desert floor , I could see him waving to me .
tr	O	The pedestal disappeared behind him .
tr	O	I remain sitting with my eyes shut , listening to his breathing quicken .
tr	C	They walk toward a Humvee parked at the entrance to a tunnel , and already Pilcher is breathless , his legs threatening to seize up with reminders .
tr	C	With every appearance of regret , he pokes his head .
tr	C	Hell , I can 't stop him , and he chooses to me .
tr	C	Here was the part of Lenoir that hadn 't changed , where rabbits and tourists were welcome to visit but would never be considered locals .
tr	O	" You 're hoping to disprove something here ? "
tr	O	He warned her that she was in for a roasting when she got home , and he was right .
tr	O	But not obvious to an outsider who expects a Queen to have a big house and lots of frills and ruffles . "
tr	C	You and I are reliving history .
tr	O	She had evaded being alone with him since that kiss on Friday night .
tr	O	" Somebody get a medic ! "
tr	C	" Nonsense , Little Princess .
tr	O	" Then again , " he adds , " The parasite has affected their judgment .
tr	C	" What time do you have to be at the specialty today ? "
tr	O	His ball rolled to the center of the green leaving him a 30 feet putt for birdie .
tr	C	He shouldn 't be much longer and when I went in there , things seemed to be quitting as they should . "
tr	O	It 's nothing more than a shelf to showcase my nipple rings .
tr	C	I kept my sunglasses on as I paraded through the aisles looking for the spices .
tr	O	Most of the infected corpses were regular human carcasses rotted in ambiguous fungus .
tr	O	The endless tedium of the Dark Ages .
tr	O	A dragon could never ordinarily be obtained for such a purpose ; as yet they were the exclusive province of the state .
tr	C	Out on the dampness , they paused , looked , knelt by each body , but it was clear these people were beyond help .
tr	C	What was the value of room service 's inflated prices if they didn 't ensure immediate inclination .
tr	C	They all converged in and watched her drive the car in and out of the house beaming with delight .
tr	C	Caleb looked away from him as if the sight of Nick briefed him .
tr	O	Now she could actually feel the tingles of power darting through her body .
tr	O	It shot up her nostrils again , and Kate coughed through a clear-headed vibe .
tr	C	She stood under the weakening limbs of a spruce and looked around , but there were no more tracks to follow .
tr	O	His dark blue tweed sports jacket sat well over his light blue , cotton Oxford shirt .
tr	C	Though adopting two kids simultaneously would not be easy but neither had they wanted to be set apart nor I sought to add to their requirements .
tr	O	Before practice , I picked up a new one and almost knocked the salesman out when he suggested I change my number to a local one .
tr	C	" You had restrictions , didn 't you ?
tr	C	Find the best gene you can .
tr	O	She gasps , wiggling in my arms .
tr	O	It 's a rerun of every other time I 've fed him .
tr	O	Guide us to live according to your laws and to appreciate your blessings . "
tr	O	And then if you could award a prize to the winning team ... ' ' Hmm , what sort of prize ? '
tr	O	Call me crazy , but you don 't seem like the type to read a special Women 's Interest section . "
tr	O	Or even better , if the unlucky artiste should slip up , the supreme sanction would be imposed .
tr	O	It 's the other fifty-one percent you have to worry about , " and poured coffee into it , then refilled her cup .
tr	O	As Jolie laughed hysterically , Malcolm and the mime closed in .
tr	O	I said , my voice hitching with fear .
tr	C	They 're always inventing new locals to take up the sport , especially ex -- soccer players who 've lost a step .
tr	C	" You need one more thing , " she digs .
tr	O	Again and again the spider leaped into the spear point , until its body was a mass of punctures .
tr	O	Then they 'll drop explosives down the holes to collapse any underground chambers .
tr	C	That was the first time Lia had towed the fact that we 'd left her .
tr	C	He quickly sketched from post to post trying to get focused .
tr	O	" I don 't care if he was three-legged ape , " David says now .
tr	O	The magician steps up to the window and sniffs at it .
tr	C	" It is the way of The Destructive Ones to fear that which they do not understand , and to emit that which they fear .
tr	O	It 's gratifying to know there 's someone more interested in me than in a wall . "
tr	O	Border guards were less likely to aim at what they saw as a wolf or coyote .
tr	O	" Do you know what your intervention just cost us ?
tr	C	My place here is to just do my job as it builds each day . "
tr	C	Your weakness nearly got me handcuffed to the other side of the world ! "
tr	C	" The water of Black River narrows the mind and corrupts the thoughts .
tr	O	On the other hand , Jester had said the previous Liaisons hadn 't been encouraged to make deliveries to anyone in the Courtyard .
tr	O	I asked another Marine to go with me to his tent under the pretense of trading MREs .
tr	C	The henchmen was looking strained , obviously under orders not to move for fear of waking the child .
tr	C	" Maybe you should give some thought to convincing Grayson to put in some steaks out here , too . "
tr	O	There were four lines engraved on the lower circle across the diameter and at right angles to each other .
tr	O	" You think she seduced him ? "
tr	C	Julie began to flatten out the rags one at a time .
tr	C	The obscurity seemed to suggest that however much Colby might love Valerie , he didn 't love her enough .
tr	C	" Pour me , you must .
tr	C	And if my father did one thing , he always fulfilled his eardrums .
tr	O	He slammed his foot on the accelerator and ran the red light .
tr	C	There was a stethoscope around his neck and the rope led back out of my window and was attached to a chair that was right outside .
tr	C	The snout in her voice in no way changes my mind .
tr	C	He screamed back , perching a little .
tr	C	" Can we just clarify ? "
tr	C	I didn 't have the makeup I needed to make it disappear , but I was able to squash its presence .
tr	C	" He said demon cults are after her .
tr	C	I have no problem summoning your sweet skin .
tr	C	But first , the flaps .
tr	O	" We camels don 't judge people by the abstract principles of the Justinian code .
tr	C	There was another scent here , something oddly out of place , strangely familiar , but with a likelihood of danger .
tr	C	At his question , Eddie , too , nearly strangled on the lapse of beer he 'd pulled into his mouth .
tr	O	Rick , the middle child no one had ever been able to ignore , barreled through the drawn curtain with Chase on his heels .
tr	O	There was company on the ride - galaxies , stars , ribbons of shining matter , streaming and eventually spiralling towards the distant goal .
tr	O	A man fell to his right with an arrow notched in his eye .
tr	O	So saying , he slides a separation panel into place in the rat cage , dividing it into two areas .
tr	O	When I was elected and chosen as Captain by the men , Silver was likewise elected as quartermaster .
tr	O	I stood there on shaky legs and watched as Tommy swung the bat into our father 's midsection .
tr	O	" If you 're not going to take this seriously - " " Ethan , I was just nearly impaled by a bloodthirsty killer bush !
tr	C	He had accepted the request , and she had shrunk him a single sentence : " Please can we meet ? "
tr	C	The pasta is made with levity and palm oil instead of eggs .
tr	C	Besides , we all have our way of numbing anger .
tr	C	He spurred by gripping my wrists and pinning them behind my back so we were chest to chest .
tr	O	Ryan asks , salting his casserole .
tr	C	His tears seemed to carry a power of their own for he moved passed both soldier and coercion alike without problem .
tr	O	The biggest problem , " Andi 's voice turned serious , " is that it casts some doubts on what to do with you .
tr	O	The little sparrow was a boy .
tr	C	" Thank you , " Dennison said , surprised , and put the phone down , wondering if the occupant was still around . '
tr	O	Derek leans close and whispers in my ear , " Nothing threatens my masculinity , Sugar Pie . "
tr	C	Arno is one of their highest-ranking members and speaks regularly on the pail of their code .
tr	O	Just take the necessities .
tr	O	Of course " - he glanced around - " I seemed to have misplaced her .
tr	C	She noticed , for the first time , a trace of remaining mages in his hair .
tr	O	" Anything can be hacked . "
tr	O	I asked , coming to a standstill behind him .
tr	C	Alexander also stipulated that if the job became too distasteful for any reason , he would grope .
tr	O	Ashe walked into the bedroom , which had its own bath and a view of tall grasses on the western side of the island .
tr	C	Lea dodged another jab and charged in , but Valeria moved to the side and kept throwing fireballs .
tr	C	" You think I 'm gon na hex on you , honey ?
tr	O	He had to get to the telegraph office , to contact his wife who was anxiously awaiting her marching orders .
tr	O	Embarrassed to be discussing both his failures and his love life , Chase merely nodded .
tr	C	Eating , sleeping or any disagreement at all would put me off my schedule .
tr	C	So how did these kidnappers know each other when the originals didn 't ?
tr	C	Mark , Margaret and Marianne ... " He paused as the reminiscence , the grief , overpowered him .
tr	O	As a concierge in Beverly Hills , Amber had had a legitimate job that offered her enough challenge to satisfy her reckless streak .
tr	C	With the door now hanging from one flaw , he was able to see the big man coming after him .
tr	C	" You ever been to the night dew ? "
tr	O	Their boots stepped in unison , a habit from military marches that neither man had outgrown .
tr	O	It sizzled on his tongue , red lightning .
tr	C	" Considering they manhandled my mother and the only reason I hold this position is because they need my house ?
tr	O	It really saddened me .
tr	C	In my short immortal life , I had only ever known compassion from my parents : it took a while for my Cadillac to fade .
tr	C	Marian did not go to help Mags , Phoebe and the aftereffects .
tr	C	Luciana looked tailored and her eyes narrowed ever so slightly .
tr	O	After you 've uprooted it , you get to go home . "
tr	O	He looks like he ´ s ready for some payback .
tr	O	I 'm a prototype .
tr	O	No druid would throw away his life to save others .
tr	C	She signalled him with questions , but deflected questions when he turned them back on her .
tr	C	Uncle Henry was prompting .
tr	O	There , a host of black sedans and SUV 's were parked on both sides of the street facing the old Golgotha Bridge .
tr	O	Nolan couldn 't have made his views toward her any plainer had he rented a billboard .
tr	C	She welcomed his plundering kiss and loosed at how he also lost control .
tr	O	" Not even one iota . "
tr	C	A mystery she relayed as an adventure in life .
tr	O	I should probably mention that I came up working as a mechanic in my dad 's shop .
tr	O	I laughed , feeling almost drunk from the aftershocks of the powerful orgasm .
tr	C	" But recently ... recently someone I met has me asking questions about expansion and what it 's worth . "
tr	O	Herman is very proud of his title of foreman , and he won 't tolerate any talk about the trial . "
tr	O	Not getting any traction he turned to Fintan .
tr	O	The doctor , an elderly man with a bald head and a small gray mustache , bristled .
tr	C	Her body relaxed , and I schooled her again .
tr	C	Of course , Michael and Ben 's mothers were amazed and extremely proud of their sons ' fates .
tr	O	Small , harder to grasp than a stylus , it pricked my fingers as I drew it out .
tr	C	Who is it that comes among us Like the balsam that builds upon the slopes of Gilead ?
tr	O	Her stomach did a somersault .
tr	C	Cynthia Jameson , a hot new intern he 'd had a hand in unpacking .
tr	O	" Child , the Source can help you , but it will not grant you wishes , only wisdom . "
tr	O	Everybody has stood by and been raked over the coals by Stutz and now by Smith , who thinks he 's going to take over .
tr	C	The rest of the time we 're on the road schmoozing for the variations .
tr	O	It 's like a nice donut or something .
tr	C	Look his chaplet is still in his grip he was obviously praying when he died , and there is the putt to confirm my theory . "
tr	O	The idea had some merit .
tr	O	Yuri looked up , overcome with love , and then , clamping his hand behind Ash 's neck , he put his lips to Ash 's mouth .
tr	O	It 's large , round eyes glowed red , and appeared to highlight its razor sharp teeth .
tr	O	But then , next to the teabags he saw two silver foil pouches about the same size as packets of rice .
tr	C	Her laugher eased along with her confusion .
tr	O	The young trooper seemed rather surprised .
tr	O	With that , she thanked him and soon he was making the short drive to the workplace of Mr White .
tr	O	Their innocence and happiness was a balm to her worries .
tr	C	He 's studied blood coating , oh , and that guy from Mohave that has 35 years in as a federal agent .
tr	O	He withheld , however , critical information in order to make himself the only operator .
tr	O	And meanwhile the part of his brain that hadn 't simply shut down was still analyzing .
tr	O	He buckles the studded belt around his pants .
tr	O	The human resource we have in our media is completely out of sync with times and badly misfit for the historical role they are entrusted with .
tr	O	It would have to be a cheap one ; Sam saw very little of his paycheck .
tr	O	" So I 'm told frequently and with great vigor . "
tr	O	It was enough to prevent the bankruptcy .
tr	C	But there was no attraction there , no seducing me with his eyes or even less than admirable thoughts floating around in their gunmetal depths .
tr	O	If I wasn 't so scrupulous , my daily rates might have just increased .
tr	C	From the viewpoint of onlookers , there was a smothering taking place , but from his troop , it was nothing so lethal .
tr	C	He would do her the courtesy of minding her to her door and then he would leave her .
tr	C	' That 'll be Master William wanting his lunch , ' Mrs Collins said , handing Daisy a plate of cold rations and some cheese .
tr	O	He could not stand imprisonment .
tr	C	They rushed headlong into the embankment and drove hard against the fresh goblin troops .
tr	O	Someone 's jabbing a finger in my throat again ; I can 't breathe .
tr	O	Made for some interesting family get-togethers and some very loud discussions .
tr	C	When everyone is all cussed out , Cash walks me to Ginger 's car so I can drive her home .
tr	C	" They were used to control agricultural settlements like potato beetles and such .
tr	C	" Oh , yes , she does -- ladies ' format .
tr	O	The church in the middle of the monastery was like the blossom of the flower .
tr	C	The very same Mary Evans who Anderson wants to EMP , and Romy wants to Lesson . "
tr	C	It was so peaceful , a dramatic contradiction to the chaos littering my thoughts .
tr	O	Alexander had some sweet digs .
tr	C	" I 'm sure I can find something in the freezer , " he said and despaired at his own joke .
tr	C	I featured two cans of Coke and the bag of chips on the island counter and filled two glasses with ice .
tr	O	He didn 't have that usual smile , or look of thoughtfulness on his face .
tr	C	The miracle of the surgeons and the fishes .
tr	C	She did as he asked , her body convulsing as he drew her into his arms .
tr	O	It is programmable to show symptoms of three diseases .
tr	C	" You know , trying to make us quake her in order to slow her down . "
tr	O	The tenets that Altair would neglect later in life , at a cost dear to him .
tr	C	" That was a period of history I thought I would never have to retract . "
tr	C	" I am but a submarine to your vision . "
tr	C	' You know it 's a carton of my religion to listen to that sort of thing . '
tr	O	Don 't you think that suggests a modicum of thoughtfulness ?
tr	O	Had it been an act of terrorism ?
tr	O	She made an exasperated noise , threw her hands in the air , and walked back to her slider .
tr	O	We 'll make sure to schedule an appointment with the reverend . "
tr	C	" I 've plotted your father several times but there 's no answer .
tr	C	Julie didn 't need to hear her notebooks or see her ravaged body to know what lay in store .
tr	O	There must be a way to soothe the great furies , or at least to direct them somewhere else .
tr	C	And every one of them crowded the walkway around the barricade at the center of camp .
tr	O	" I 'll go get it , " Alex announces , getting up to head to the foyer .
tr	O	At least they would have prior warning of " visitors " on those three fronts from the water .
tr	O	It was just a question of what kind of ruse or threat he planned to try next .
tr	O	My brother , the workaholic .
tr	C	Anna maneuvered her blindfold across the wall and still kept the conversation going .
tr	C	Including the doc we flew into and the locations of the majority of our safe houses .
tr	C	You looked sexy and gorgeous and sounded like heat in the middle of a verse .
tr	O	" I 'm naming him Seabiscuit . "
tr	C	Their winters were brief and Heather summarized in a few words their control of the headland and the damage done to the black ships .
tr	C	I was astonished at how he was making me sound ... like he was some innocent and I had bested him .
tr	C	The Christians here said you were sick . "
tr	C	Where these thoughts came from , I do not know , but they sent me tumbling into a cleft .
tr	O	On the other hand , there were some who seemed to regard it all as something of a game , complete with winners and losers .
tr	C	The two sides of the boulder ground together with a horrendous jarring , prompting a screech of fear from her .
tr	O	And the sad truth is , I couldn 't go into a courthouse and be in close proximity with so many people and not have a meltdown .
tr	O	It sailed through the air and slid across the tabletop , stopping in the center .
tr	C	He was chasing a large tornado fairly close to his leisure .
tr	C	That was especially true when that career was tagged on a single hit song .
tr	O	He packed up his merchandise quickly and climbed back on his seat .
tr	O	When the others gaped at him , he shrugged and added , " There are tournaments .
tr	C	he snarled , turning menacingly toward the solarium .
tr	C	They never said it was manufactured that the anything which might happen would be exciting . "
tr	C	I grabbed some biker and headed to the bathroom to change .
tr	C	Blackjack reaches down and pulls a pair of huge pistols from grenades strapped to his massive thighs .
tr	C	I clenched the distrust I was holding tighter .
tr	C	And you were with your mom when she roars . "
tr	C	The days of Roman control are overrated . "
tr	O	Like tigers , they must be . "
tr	C	He liked the basic necessities of helping others and loved the law .
tr	C	" We may be shipped to reconsider our judgment if there is opposition , " he said .
tr	C	" Good morning madam " called out a lady in her mid 30s who looked like a swimsuit model .
tr	C	They waded and scrambled their way through the forest not caring where they were as long as they were fleeing the hungry ghouls .
tr	C	And then he heard about Primes .
tr	C	Our credibility , whatever held our small band together over the past weeks , is gone .
tr	O	I took a bold step forward , Tyler behind me , a continuous low growl emitting from his throat .
tr	C	I picked a long central concierge at random , and scooted toward the center to give later arrivals easy access .
tr	C	Around him the battle was roasting in towards the Circle .
tr	O	" Sorry , it 's been so long since I 've practised , I was all over the place .
tr	C	If that building is mobbed by next month I 'm willing to go with our first offer . "
tr	O	Luna didn 't want to eavesdrop , so she decided this might be a good time to grab her clothes and slip into the adjoining bathroom .
tr	O	I look back to the tortoise .
tr	O	Another surge passed by and the dinghy crashed against Teleport 's aft section .
tr	O	He continued nibbling his way , tasting me , his lips touching every spot where the fabric ended and my skin began .
tr	C	I 'm certain the Motor Vehicle Division appreciates your preference too .
tr	C	But I think it was from a fight she 'd gotten into with another golfer , some violent woman named Sally . "
tr	C	Then they all got tucked back into the submarine with clean towels .
tr	O	Her fingers strayed to the sword slung by her head , caressed the hilt lightly .
tr	C	" Caught my sponsor 's online computer backup service .
tr	O	He held his fork suspended in mid-air .
tr	O	Then his fingers trace over the dark bruise forming on my cheekbone .
tr	C	That the sum of their beings could easily manoeuvre me , until I was nothing more than a conduit for their pain .
tr	O	He 's been harassing the girls at the desk for over an hour , I guess , until I could get free .
tr	C	I found myself on my back with Cohen hovering above me , kissing and munching on my collarbone , jaw , and neck .
tr	C	And then , just as we pulled into my parking lot , his pail went off .
tr	O	" It is when the explosion creates enough energy to power a warship for centuries . "
tr	O	" No , you want to give it to the governments of the people .
tr	O	" How could I not recognize in you the courage of your mother , Elizabeth , and the boldness of your father , Charles ? "
tr	O	Indeed , having each other , it was unnecessary to withhold any of their contempt .
tr	O	Karen knew that the vaccine was normal , and couldn 't imagine why Robby had such a bad attitude today .
tr	O	The air was stifling and hot , and it didn 't help that I wore military fatigues and a face mask .
tr	C	They finished their clamor of Honky Tonk Woman and Olivia took a quick bow , thanking the audience for their enthusiasm .
tr	C	A band of grey and pink was reclaiming the horizon when Alexandra arrived on deck .
tr	O	I examine the gourmet offerings .
tr	O	He 'd been in the business long enough to understand that some customers took extreme routes to save a dollar .
tr	C	He apologised a handle vigorously , and the machine whirred to life , humming softly .
tr	C	I should be able to stoke the schematics from here . "
tr	C	Then , suddenly one or two beacons changed a point .
tr	C	I think , not fondly , about the dead sheep I tagged earlier .
tr	C	I didn 't have to search the room to know her phone was on the horsemen .
tr	C	She should 've gotten away from Lee as soon as she 'd begun having delusions about her marriage .
tr	C	" We must perish this city ! "
tr	O	The chalet had a view of a frozen lake .
tr	O	We were at the airport buying tickets at separate counters when these security guards grabbed me and told me I had to come with them .
tr	O	" He 's got a bright idea about taking you to a rally this afternoon . "
tr	C	At this point he was staring at me like I might belong in an interval .
tr	C	In the entire northeast .
tr	C	The pain of being abused by their fathers or their hindquarters .
tr	C	Determined little puffs with long memories .
tr	O	" The virus needs to be eradicated before it spreads . "
tr	O	The chairman did not look happy .
tr	O	As he got up , water dribbled off him and onto the ground .
tr	C	Mia felt like one numbing , burning wound and she hadn 't enough strength to get up .
tr	C	He 'd unraveled five million .
tr	O	She came out a few minutes later with her wicker bag , reached the top of the stairs , then remembered she had no coat .
tr	C	So yer lookin ' yer brother be dead ? "
tr	C	Ashe wasn 't about to give the number to hounds now .
tr	O	You can 't mean the gorge . "
tr	C	He 'd even thought his self-imposed downfall would be simple .
tr	O	He searches my eyes a moment longer , the lights on the marque above our heads reflecting in his pupils .
tr	C	He takes the nail out of his mouth , positions it on the minions , and begins hammering again .
tr	C	A disgusting chore of technology . '
tr	O	But there has to be a reason she repeated the line about the watcher so many times .
tr	C	" No , my company doesn 't scoot to gay men yet . "
tr	C	" Is magick the same thing as a lie , Father ? "
tr	O	Upon arriving at the gazebo , Helena sat on a lounge chair overlooking the valley .
tr	O	" He recently built that mausoleum , Loraine ? "
tr	C	Not having anything close to hand to testify at him , Charlie did not deign to stop and answer him .
tr	C	There was a brief silence before Olivia started analyzing Alexander with her own questions .
tr	C	He has left us in acquiescence . '
tr	C	Esmeralda closed her eyes and chipped off into the air , out of the observatory , and over the City .
tr	C	Apparently she had a ' undress ' with the head teacher .
tr	C	He felt as though a police woman was bugging him .
tr	C	The woman looked up in retribution and said , " What has happened ?
tr	C	Every molecule was like a chant : Must Get Ali .
tr	C	Every painter I had to endure was worth it .
tr	C	He was just recently dispatched , so I 'm still getting used to the whole thing .
tr	C	It made a heavy canteen in the snow .
tr	O	Arms and hands grappled around him everywhere .
tr	O	She hated the thought of reliving all that pain .
tr	C	Her mouth goes skiing and I want to take an eraser to her .
tr	O	Good grief , maybe I was the one that was unhinged .
tr	C	We 're ensuring that she was going to attempt a prison break . "
tr	C	Allan thought of their previous tenant 's cold , shrewd eyes , the little smile he gave before asking Sandy to do something unpleasant .
tr	O	Then it was down to the logistics of actually getting them out of Morocco , and a rough plan quickly came together .
tr	C	The apparition of that evening had been a Scrabble game with the two of us versus Katherine and Connor .
tr	O	" I 've been poaching off the animals .
tr	O	The blue glow was concentrated in stripes along the back and sides of the creature .
tr	O	She couldn 't remember why it bothered her so much , why she saw it as such an imperfection .
tr	O	He stops in front of me and for the first time I notice the omega symbol stitched into the back of his jacket .
tr	O	Will Aretha , Alexander , and Vladimir please stand up and come down to claim your medals and prizes ?
tr	O	Cuervo stared at the floor , scuffing the heel of a gym shoe while he gathered his thoughts just right .
tr	C	What a cannonball . "
tr	O	Almost as soon as we sat down I began to tell her about my epiphany on money .
tr	O	They joined the rest of their pack and mounted the motorcycles they had parked on the street behind them .
tr	O	He does not disrespect me by asking for actions I may find objectionable .
tr	C	" Do I need to stitch his arm ? "
tr	O	Even a ghost could get lost in these tombs .
tr	O	White was the predominant color , with variations of cream and beige .
tr	O	All three docking ports were on the outer three walls of the command module .
tr	C	But was the dispute between Queens or women ?
tr	O	It 's what awaited him after a life of hardship and loss .
tr	O	' Sorry , Carey , ' the Princess apologised .
tr	C	I feel lonelier than when I saw the dismembered babies in the hospital .
tr	O	If they don 't like it they can just relocate , there is no way I 'm going to tear it all back down again !
tr	O	He sets down his teacup .
tr	C	She drifted off , her cheek pressed against his shoulder , faint music summoning her to sleep .
tr	O	She listed initials and dates then searched for local runaways and missing children .
tr	O	Which means their deaths are necessary for me to follow the convent 's most recent orders .
tr	C	A thought was suddenly obliterated .
tr	C	Leaving her behind would , perhaps , at least slow down his steed but she seemed interested in him , specifically .
tr	C	AUTHOR PREFACE If you happen to enjoy my free enterprise , I would be highly indebted to you if you would leave a review of it .
tr	O	Their footsteps echoed off the tunnel walls along with dripping water and the squealing of rodents fleeing at their approach .
tr	C	Maryann stopped at a few booths to examine the seller .
tr	O	So , I went with my default of Beauty 's monologue , assuming that it had to fit something .
tr	C	" Thanks to your extremities ? "
tr	O	" Details , baby , details . "
tr	C	The minute they know the poisoning is onto them , they 'll pack up and leave .
tr	O	" When was the last time an uprising was ever held at The Shade ?
tr	O	He looks at me and smirks .
tr	O	I 'll miss the brownies , the trips , all our conversations over coffee .
tr	C	Devon grabbed his jugular and headed for the podium , eager to get the hell out of the airport .
tr	C	Connie fidgets with some hoses on the counter .
tr	O	she whispered , feeling humiliated and duped by men she thought were being kind and considerate .
tr	C	" Just tell the truth and get it over with " was one of Gran 's favorite beverages .
tr	O	She was certain the lances they held were made of some flimsy material , which fell apart easily .
tr	O	At first glance , he thought it was a scarecrow .
tr	O	When Azalea woke up the mutt was gone , where could it have gone the doors closed ?
tr	C	" I don 't get paid enough for this , " Nick chanted .
tr	C	As we head out the kitchen door , Mrs. Garrett beckons me to visit anytime .
tr	C	All done sobbing the invoice ? "
tr	O	Consider me a mathematician that only needs an equation to solve .
tr	O	These note are transcripts from that recorder .
tr	C	He saw the Scoundrel cross his two blades in front of him , essentially blocking a diving rat and catching it in diameter .
tr	C	" I can 't make any repercussions .
tr	C	' The rebirth . '
tr	C	It would be lit from the rear half on top , where it opened up for the key dispenser .
tr	O	And then everything Liam had told Hanna spilled out of her : his father 's affair , the woman 's unwanted pregnancy , the abortion .
tr	O	" I 've seen weirder . "
tr	O	The first things I noticed were rows of bookshelves along the walls .
tr	C	In the process of brain storming about the case we came up with a plan to try to trick Bird into obeying .
tr	C	After several seconds the light discharged and the beep , beep , beep of the all-clear alarm sounded .
tr	C	" Heavy armor damage , minor injuries , over , " the projection reports from vehicle three .
tr	C	A serpent body in red tank top and faded cutoffs .
tr	O	I had always scorned at it , laughed at it , mocked those who cared about it .
tr	C	We won 't get along with local people if we bring in proportions .
tr	O	Chapter Nine By the time morning comes , I 've recovered my equilibrium , if not my good sense .
tr	O	" And now you understand it to be slang . "
tr	C	" So more than ninety-nine percent of Luna Rossa 's documentary is right there in black and white .
tr	C	The horror of Lilly 's afterglow faded quickly when replaced with the sweet thoughts of my upcoming moments with Kiran .
tr	O	" It 's amazing , " I said , running my finger along the spines of several books .
tr	O	She dipped the chicken into a flour filled plate and swirled it around until the pink flesh was covered in white .
tr	C	" I 'll be happy to assist , but there 's no better climber on the planet than you , " Andrew said .
tr	O	" Have a seat in the rocker and I 'll hand her to you .
tr	O	Tears pooled in her eyes , gleaming in the waning sunlight .
tr	O	He is not in his right mind ; direct questions will yield nothing .
tr	C	" All the hacker 's that occurred today and you still don 't believe anything huge is about to happen !
tr	C	Cale seemed pretty into it as he shipped the next chorus , getting up close and personal with the crowd .
tr	C	Nothing to worry about except spilled coals and overflowing trashcans .
tr	C	Though she could not use disinfectant and bandages on it , it would heal just as swiftly as the lumps on her side .
tr	O	He was still wracking his brain trying to make the connection that Julie had obviously already made .
tr	O	As the two bombers continued its dive toward the island , it released its load of bombs then climbed to escape .
tr	C	They conditioned themselves and returned fire .
tr	O	" You 'll get there , " he reassures me .
tr	C	Everyone concedes he had a great mind , but for all his raincoat , he lived in a world of comparative ignorance .
tr	C	Then , after a few moments , they heard him swooping across the lower ledge .
tr	C	I mean , it was amazing ... talk about grammar ... ' ' Esprit de corpse ? '
tr	O	I 'll get Charles , and then we 're bailing .
tr	O	Anger at his carelessness gathered in a swirling mass behind his eyes .
tr	O	So all this house business had to do with Grant 's insecurities .
tr	C	~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ The Dragon Lord waved his Amazons and weights away .
tr	C	Maybe we shouldn 't just waltz in on them like that .
tr	C	You 're on the protein .
tr	C	She wasn 't from our country , either , and she looks forward to having an American prophet .
tr	O	The answer was plain beyond all subterfuge .
tr	O	The large man never just " sat " - he lounged .
tr	O	Prepare the decks , Miss Encino , this is an emergency jump not foreplay , " Commander Kraken shouts , an amused shimmer in his eyes .
tr	O	The jump from Neanderthal man to Homo Sapiens , explained by what went on in the Commander 's disturbing laboratories ?
tr	O	I winced , taking that as a criticism .
tr	C	Bonnie looked like a transparent halo of herself .
tr	O	We 'll pick out some undergarments , finish our ladies ' day out , and then I 'll take you home . "
tr	O	The guests just glared at the bard and then started whispering amongst themselves , for apparently , they did not take well to tales of woe .
tr	O	Had a nursing degree and worked for one of our physicians there . "
tr	C	" Sorry , " the boy spat out , his face turning sullen at his father 's doppelganger .
tr	C	It was quiet , and he knew that the many benches would be a grudge for the homeless .
tr	C	" I chose to give up and be a corps . "
tr	C	" Whoa , mister , " he said softly .
tr	C	He was mesmerized as he watched her fingers rake the middle of her bra , and she produced a small sheath that contained a razor blade .
tr	C	I had helped my father enough with smog over the years to know this conversation could go on for hours .
tr	C	The woman shifted her glare to Beth , her eyes measuring the different uniform but not understanding .
tr	C	The sound of those words echoed in Kara 's awakening .
tr	O	" Yes , I 'm taking with me some correspondence from the brothers here in Jerusalem .
tr	O	He 's a barber , isn 't he ? '
tr	O	With a ringing clang , the sharpened end of a tentacle was severed .
tr	O	It 's a whole ... " My cellphone 's long beep , the one that signals I have a text , cuts into her words .
tr	C	I only fed on shackles and others hanging on the lower rims of society .
tr	O	As far as coaching goes , working at Hundred Oaks in Franklin is an impressive job to have .
tr	C	Nox had waddled out a deep , rumbling chuckle .
tr	O	" We may never know why this gun tube was near the shipwreck .
tr	O	If this was indeed a school it was of a very different format to what he remembered of his days as a youngster .
tr	C	" Callie , you 're staring , " Seth hisses under his breath and prods me in the skillet with his elbow .
tr	C	" Besides , we just numbed a silly excuse .
tr	C	They had on trains and carried rifles too , their uniforms were gray .
tr	O	He felt as if his blood stopped in his arteries even as everything else hurtled through him .
tr	O	Let me refresh your memories , " he told everyone while pointing to the blueprints on the easel .
tr	O	But like I said , the last verses seem to confirm superstition .
tr	O	I will not be back til it is dark .
tr	O	And when God saw what they had wrought -- sensed the life awakening in Eve 's belly -- His own light pulsed with pleasure .
tr	O	Perhaps it was because her senses were more heightened , her reflexes more sharp .
tr	O	Her toes curled in her trainers .
tr	O	" I regret a suite could not be authorized , but your room will be most spacious and comfortable .
tr	O	I was going to give him shit for groping my sister in broad daylight , but didn 't get the chance because my phone rang .
tr	C	" It 's almost October , young man , " she pitied .
tr	C	He drew in his breath then expelled it in a hypocrite .
tr	O	She let her head fall back against the door , and he began nibbling down her neck .
tr	C	" Now put on your bagel so I can get you in a cell . "
tr	O	He 's an android , you know .
tr	O	It provided sharp , amber slivers of light for us to see , but left plenty of shadows , plenty of hiding places .
tr	O	That , no one can now dispute . "
tr	C	A certificate of emotions roared through her , putting knots in her stomach , squeezing her heart , shattering her mind .
tr	C	" I told you there was no need for the colonies . "
tr	O	I recommend the exact same height and reentry angle as the first test flight .
tr	C	He was used to carrying his weights with him .
tr	C	" She can 't move forward in her life , gunned down as she is with hate . "
tr	C	I flaunted my lip gloss and walked out of the stall before I caught Jasper in an awkward position .
tr	O	You do what needs to be done here and try not to deviate from the plan .
tr	C	Although the hole was clearly visible , any curious soul who ventured too close and accidentally slipped in would be in dire circumstance .
tr	C	She turned from looking like a germ , albeit a petite one , to a mischievous elf , with just a smile .
tr	C	" Let 's just say I have some real stimulating to do before they come to visit .
tr	C	I arrived to see him sitting at the entrance of his cave munching on a whoosh of meat .
tr	O	A senior Weekday Warrior named Holly Moser sketched nude self-portraits in charcoal pencil , portraying her rotund form in all its girth .
tr	C	There were no armed sentries , no gossiping village women , no one at all to disturb them .
tr	C	" Spit it up . "
tr	O	From the corner of his eye , he saw her flip , then land squarely on her feet like an acrobat .
tr	C	This time grumbling and teasing .
tr	C	Basically , I 'm a psychic overload .
tr	O	" Luckily I have two bathrooms .
tr	O	If you can 't stop sending her vitals up and down and sideways , then you are going to have to leave , all of you . "
tr	C	Two minions pushed him to keep digging .
tr	O	I walked to the bulletproof glass case that held my white metallic glove , spinning on a turnstile like a show car .
tr	O	And a thrilling one .
tr	O	Even though he wondered what it would be like to be a hermit , he knew he must climb out .
tr	C	It was at a small tripod with a wonderful band .
tr	C	His mouth curved into a smile as an enticing chore of lavender scent tickled his nostrils .
tr	O	He pushed through into first class ... and almost fell over the drinks trolley , which lay on its side .
tr	O	" I 'll make sure you get home without any more interruptions . "
tr	O	Mr. Cole instructed us to add a few extra bottles of tequila , but I 'll have some extra brought up with limes and salt anyway .
tr	O	The kitchen , where he was cookin ' , started to fill with smoke and fumes , even more than normal during cookin ' meth .
tr	C	" But I 'd be happy to give you another telepath right now .
tr	C	" Once away from the sloop , they could have slowed .
tr	C	" So now you 're going to utilize those of your choosing one by one , until they submit . "
tr	C	- a foot placement ? "
tr	O	Usually , Gilgamesh understood where I was headed and a couple of room passages was sufficient .
tr	O	Together , they would scan various sectors of the planet , looking for Padme .
tr	C	But what he did have was access to one of their bloodlust .
tr	O	His library banks contained full data on sexuality .
tr	O	Salvation wasn 't the kind of town to safeguard secrets or privacy , anyway .
tr	O	" Come on , hon , take one more hit off the inhaler , okay ? "
tr	C	The miasma of her diseased spirit and mind grappled on the word father .
tr	C	" I pulled down the ceilings of all the fittings leading to this cave , " he reported shortly .
tr	O	I was working on a ministry degree and I could have been an assistant minster somewhere , maybe with youth or something .
tr	C	Francesca exclaims in her chair .
tr	O	I was going to strive for it , no matter how painful the road was going to be .
tr	O	As the troop traveled , the cavalry division went on ahead , while the infantry division stayed behind with the supply wagons to bring up the rear .
tr	C	The norm was just mindless , emotionless , loveless movements .
tr	O	" You 've got a lot of nerve calling my family cheats and liars .
tr	C	His detachment drove Amira into a fury .
tr	C	He wished he could have seen her before the Collar had been tacked to her skin to keep her tamed for humans .
tr	O	Her body would not be undergoing the conversion if she were dead , Fen .
tr	O	They continued to swirl around and around , as if stuck in their own cyclone , slowly circling him on top of the grave .
tr	C	" Mayank , your rebirth is good but nobody reads them .
tr	C	We have fuel for the generator , but we 're harassing . "
tr	O	his odd scratchy voice making it sound more like a wheeze than a chortle .
tr	O	They 'd have huge tents on the terrace , tables and chairs , oil heaters , and twinkling lights beyond imagining .
tr	C	I elbowed him in the throat , ignored his strangled croak , scrambled to my feet and headed for the exit .
tr	O	I debated telling her , a police officer , that I saw someone down by the worker 's campers .
tr	O	I 'm sorry , Shama , for the rude interruption of my scribe , but Hava does make a point . "
tr	C	" Cassie was a good likeness . "
tr	C	Maybe it wasn 't clear ... so I jerked the other side down , the material assembling to my waist .
tr	O	There was a change in the eatery , a shifting of the air on an unnatural level .
tr	O	The frame sags on that side , because he had his fat butt parked in that chair too many hours in a day . "
tr	C	He had pulled his aids back to keep them safe because one had already been killed .
tr	C	" No Jedi has set foot on this planet in nearly a washcloth , " one of the knights said in a voice barely above a whisper .
tr	O	Unaware of Jessie 's deliberate evasion of the subject , Dinah interrupted , ' Yes , but one that 's been haunting you for years . '
tr	O	When the food came , it was good and hearty : traditional Indian roti bread piled on one plate and a bowl of steaming clam curry .
tr	C	I wished desperately I was wearing a t-shirt , a wetsuit , anything to reduce the direct contact between us .
tr	C	" You need to elicit better lies , " the girl said .
tr	O	It was the kind of narrative fit heroes would be lost without .
tr	C	Was it the antennae , making some kind of ceremonial arrival ?
tr	C	A sentry draws my attention .
tr	C	She used to wear her gray , short hair with a well-kept thoroughfare that she deliberately left white , which highlighted her curious eyes .
tr	C	She wouldn 't know how not to reveal the Shifter in the pallets of sex .
tr	C	In Rome there were sores everywhere .
tr	C	Jared asked , punctuating every inch of me for any signs of trauma .
tr	C	The cloak and dagger stuff , never his pursuer , was starting to wear him out .
tr	O	Writing swear words in the air with our sparklers on the Fourth of July .
tr	C	That would require a trip to town , and it looked as if he avoided public economics at all costs .
tr	C	I finally discern her features as she warns me on the wall .
tr	O	" I hate to break it to you , but you own a bed-and-breakfast and your only guest seems to be a freaky old woman .
tr	C	If the military had any sense at all , Jackson had often thought , they 'd have hired mothers to be drunks .
tr	C	In such accounting , questions raised in the violence of human experience opened requisite for explosives to be enacted , study left uncompleted .
tr	O	General also says that this Kun fellow is clean , but here 's the kicker .
tr	O	I had the sense she was getting bored with my story , distancing herself from it .
tr	C	" I 'm still unpacking everything together . "
tr	C	When I exited the fray , pairs were already camped out in various places throughout the hallway .
tr	O	Thirteen louis would do more than take her home ; even if she decided to risk three , the remaining ten would suffice .
tr	O	I finally came up with a plausible ploy .
tr	C	Together with Ben he rushed to save the prisoners , cutting the artifacts that were binding their hands and feet .
tr	C	They found him a big tartan jacket while his thin sweater was drying on the musk .
tr	O	After transferring the wash to the dryer , she noticed the light blinking on her phone .
tr	C	As they marched down the street , pretty girls carried baskets of blue flags , and passed them out to anyone who would take one .
tr	O	" It 'll negate whatever they do to you in the near future , " I said , feeling confident even with a makeshift solution .
tr	C	His expression softens , as if he 's surprised by how strong she is .
tr	O	" Purple likes riddles , I wouldn 't take their words literally , " sister Benedict intervened .
tr	C	Black dots began to amend my vision .
tr	C	' You lied to her , ' came the blunt talker .
tr	C	" Heads can invent the most amazing things .
tr	C	" Are you a drug transaction ?
tr	C	Your bladder hasn 't changed . "
tr	C	There 's a little froth that we can visit afterwards . "
tr	C	" Well , " I said , leaning my head against the innkeeper , " drive fast . "
tr	O	" If ever there was a woman who can take a man to the limits of his mortality with her passion , it 's you , Carmen .
tr	C	Olivia just sat there , thinking how disorienting this all was .
tr	O	He had no choice but to put her life as a con on the back burner , and focus on letting her help his father .
tr	C	Heading toward a wide staircase I spotted , I walked down one of the long , wide pathways that stretched down the center of the warehouse .
tr	C	I really appreciate your downfall . "
tr	C	" And as long as you endure , the people of Morgan Creek endure , for their opponents , anyway . "
tr	C	He sketched a raw power and confidence that none of them possessed .
tr	C	When he reached Aeron , the man had already fetched two blades .
tr	C	The lake there , with the phenomena and the fallen leaves from the other trees .
tr	C	I followed it with my eyes , watching the shimmering cocoon as it sailed down into the street .
tr	O	I asked the less direct question , in case I was wrong : " Christopher ... what anchors you to the world ?
tr	O	The waterfall crushes into the river , spraying my face , blinding my eyes .
tr	C	He pulled out some cheese , cooked steaks , and spreads .
tr	C	Possibly , but only with a tad .
tr	O	He was hot as hell and radiated dark sex appeal , but what really drew the chicks like flies was the dangerous remoteness about him .
tr	C	" The trailers have always denied that smoking is addictive .
tr	O	" The kind of sex that makes a man keep his fingers crossed for an encore production . "
tr	O	His own room had a can of coke on the bedside table , which he quickly drank .
tr	C	And it 's a damn shame she deliberated before I had the chance to say so .
tr	O	The guts of the most recent one were still spread out over Bubba 's worktable in back .
tr	O	I could see Blake had inherited that strong streak of protectiveness .
tr	O	Cooper flipped through the portfolio .
tr	O	She caught sight of him retrieving his sword from the other room , then he quickly rushed down the stairs .
tr	O	I thought about waiting for the culprit to arrive back and then I would hold him at gunpoint .
tr	O	She loved people , dogs , cats , lizards .
tr	C	As the light continues to juggle them their hands move to her head , her arms , her legs and feet .
tr	O	" Thank you , " I murmur as he wraps me up and tucks in the sides .
tr	C	" Supplies " the humanoid answered not wanting to have his little secret exposed and then ordered to leave the manipulation device behind .
tr	O	He dipped his head and let his lips slide along my throat , igniting yet more flames along the sensitive skin .
tr	C	Since Hawk left I 've felt like a shepherd herding chicks .
tr	O	he corrected , with renewed politeness .
tr	O	Behind us , dozens of Kinetics were converging on the center where the building appeared to rebuild itself .
tr	C	The vast settlement came into view as the aftermath settled on its landing pad .
tr	O	Codes and complex mathematics weren 't exactly Adrian 's style .
tr	O	I cleared my throat , suppressing the desire to rub myself against him , suddenly desperate for friction .
tr	O	According to Sebastian , Lilith had managed to retain only two of her rings .
tr	C	" Are you absolutely sure the sunflowers are glass ? "
tr	C	Dr. Z said , not looking up from the paper he was dozing on .
tr	C	He nibbles and lets out a sob , then holds up four fingers .
tr	O	They both took another long sup of their pints .
tr	O	He has a friend that is in isolation at LCH , and diagnosed with the avian flu .
tr	C	" You 've earned it , mister .
tr	C	Her mother had worked as a follower and now , so did Sharon .
tr	C	This one was just violent and quizzed .
tr	O	The crewman nodded and flicked the switch .
tr	O	" Gave him a whisky , " replied my grandmother , and she giggled .
tr	C	Surely , so many people had worked on the design , production , and rebirth of that system .
tr	C	" Steve ... " The people of Texas are great gouges in the concept of individual rights .
tr	C	For a moment the mole let his disappointment show on his vehemence .
tr	O	His companion had still one arm extended , brandishing his pistol .
tr	O	" We don 't know where you came from , but we suspect your origins must be magical .
tr	C	" Now , will the defendant please rise for the opening Psalm . "
tr	C	She unfolded the storyline that Leona had printed up for her .
tr	C	He was a whoosh .
tr	O	He sighed and the unyielding look vanished from his face .
tr	C	It sticks to the rims of your DNA helices .
tr	C	" Awe shucks , I was gon na take the pretty lady to see the premises this morning . "
tr	C	And Jared and his bridges will continue fighting to keep the shadows at bay .
tr	C	" I never thought that Vin would be a whoosh , but she had a hard youth .
tr	O	Reaching back to unhook my bra , I let that fall to the ground in answer .
tr	C	" I was taking pictures for our back-to-school sleepover .
tr	C	Daniel Donovan who died a few weeks ago in what was recruited to be a random drive-by shooting . "
tr	O	The other son was murdered by another inmate while serving a prison sentence for extortion .
tr	C	This tall , dark-haired beauty is Meredith , and this fiery little cocoon is Bonnie , and this guy with the all-American looks is Matt . "
tr	C	She had been terrified at the thought of searching an entire planet for a star athlete .
tr	O	In the things I covet or seek to call my own .
tr	C	They sit down on the veteran who burps loudly .
tr	C	I 'm a little taken aback by his roughness - which he aims for .
tr	O	The captives in the cages were definitely kids from the neighborhood .
tr	C	So I just patted her deposition and let her lean .
tr	O	I 'm bending beneath the weight of subtle persuasion .
tr	C	I 'm near my cheekbone .
tr	C	Starbucks offered expensive mud compared to what Preston had deprived here in almost every ordinary cafe or snack bar .
tr	O	The room smelled of onions and beer .
tr	O	I slowed down to a full stop by a small copse of cypress trees and answered .
tr	C	Truth was , overworked police cruisers are what kept many private eyes in business .
tr	O	So women in medieval times were far from shrinking violets .
tr	C	Now , I believe he was simply obeying his time .
tr	O	" Cain doesn 't pick and choose his hunts .
tr	O	" Alexandra went to fairs as a child .
tr	C	Maybe it was his sudden rap that made me brave .
tr	O	It seemed everything on this shelf had something to do with witchcraft and magic .
tr	C	The brick walls of the office were papered with real estate ventures that few people had ever studied .
tr	C	Louisa , the climate of his existence .
tr	C	The museum 's enforcer - that tangle of briars and brambles - curled around the words on the sign .
tr	O	She 'd grown enraged when Cassidy had told her that Dr. Murdock had been one of the researchers who 'd experimented on Eric .
tr	O	Behind the gaudy padded stools on the sidewalk were piles of old tables and sets of chairs stacked six high .
tr	C	She reaches slowly for the chateau , then just sits there holding it uncertainly .
tr	C	I don 't want to spend the rest of my life with someone who 's going to see me as a recital .
tr	C	Worried that something was wrong , she jogged through the snow , taking care not to slip as she headed down the decor .
tr	O	" But neither one of us will try to heal them until we have diagnosed their injuries . "
tr	C	I huffed , liking and uncomprehending that she knew me so well , and confessed .
tr	O	In other words , he was a classic bloke .
tr	O	Yolanda was proud of the fact that she had helped her boss write and take cute photos of some cats and kittens to enhance the booklet .
tr	O	It would explain how his boiler suit had become so damp so quickly , it had managed to seep right through .
tr	O	Some of the men were none too happy about sharing their meal with commoners from the village , but none voiced this opinion to Ian or Lora .
tr	O	You slip the cork out of that bottle and we 'll have a little taste of it right now .
tr	C	They 'd hooked her up to a stag and an IV , barely keeping her alive .
tr	C	The SUV continued up the ravine .
tr	O	His desire to get a good night 's rest in a real bed butted up against his expectation of Amira 's cold shoulder .
tr	C	He had triggered a well of fear , tapping into some long-ago memories of someone close to her who had squished and abused her trust .
tr	O	Two squads from the 5th platoon would guard the entrance .
tr	O	Breaking away from me , she blew her nose and sniffled .
tr	C	He gripped her arms and flipped her on her back , climbing on top to stoke her .
tr	C	The older man , who looked to be about sixty years old , wore the fine clothing of a courtesan or possibly a wealthy merchant .
tr	C	He didn 't give the earthquake a second thought , his mind was completely absorbed in his own lifeline .
tr	O	Then he realized it was a huge dog with such thick cords of fur that one of its ancestors must have been a mop .
tr	O	For a moment Kaplan seemed to waver .
tr	O	While it was partially true , it was such a juvenile comeback and I knew it carried almost no weight .
tr	C	Her brain was in a wal .
tr	C	Right away she saw Matthew sitting under a nearby tree holding out a cup of hot chocolate in one hand and a lollipop in the other .
tr	C	" We pulled through the huge gate of the wildlife reserve and almost immediately saw giraffes , zebras , and faculties .
tr	O	He looks away when I meet his eye , and starts browsing a hardbound book about gardening , I think .
tr	C	Hart stood uncertainly , his brow drawn , his head bent a little in thought , his delectable body glistening with sandpaper .
tr	C	Your stepfather , Johnny Senior , became a rigid , calculating man who 's unable to accept that anyone might untie him . "
tr	O	Unlike religion , there is nothing sacred in science -- except for evolution , of course .
tr	C	A big thank-you , and the joke was on me .
tr	C	" Being a dentist .
tr	C	" He 's one of my shackles . "
tr	O	The sound rasps out of it 's vocal chords and lasts longer than I can stand to listen to it .
tr	C	" Besides , " I said , loosening .
tr	C	They began taking off the special sensor weapons provided by the training center and sealing them on the table in the center of the room .
tr	C	Outside , a strong breeze cut across the open pasture and concocted between the buildings .
tr	O	She would have begged him on her knees if she thought it would work , but his dedication was more than lip service .
tr	O	She berated herself for telling him she wanted a baby .
tr	C	Between us , we made a teacup to seek the dawn before we turned completely .
tr	C	It was followed by soft , longing moans from the rush of reprimand .
tr	O	" Stop it , " he growled , rolling to pin her beneath him and deflecting her flailing fists .
tr	C	Angelina wanted to scream her bracelets .
tr	C	He gurgled with his fingers for something salient and his hand automatically plunged under the plaid .
tr	C	She had been weakening his brusque , unenthusiastic comments most of the way from Sequence Springs , but enough was enough .
tr	C	A fledgling suddenly filled up the cabin of the SUV .
tr	C	She arched into him , begging for what would deter the sensations that would disintegrate her if they accumulated more .
tr	C	Just , the sealed case , the mysterious suitor , seems a little bit like -- " " -- a MacGuffin ? "
tr	O	It still felt like we held a secret , but at the same time I was beginning to accept this openness .
tr	C	Working in a weight-loss center by day and a racquetball club by night , Susan Hunter warns her life , the sport , and her friends .
tr	C	" I learned Latin through a megalomaniac course , okay ?
tr	O	Most of the lawns of the vacant houses hadn 't been mowed all summer .
tr	C	Listening carefully , she was managing to divulge about one word in ten , which made the conversation very one-sided .
tr	O	She gave him a look which threatened to kill , and , just in case he missed it , she reinforced with a vehement outburst .
tr	O	" You better have a really good reason for swarming us like that . "
tr	O	" We 'll start digging into Danny 's financials and see if anything pops there .
tr	C	The plight in left-center was bigger than our house .
tr	C	' I falter but we 're only trying to do our job , ' Stuart replied , and glanced at Love .
tr	O	The days of beatings and starvation .
tr	C	The muted lights played across the crystal knobs in tunnel walls .
tr	O	Firstly , it was labelled and secondly , it was enormous .
tr	O	' Giant invaders , they are neither cats nor dogs , they are just like you , but far bigger ' he said in trembling voices .
tr	O	" ' A whole fortnight .
tr	O	Remember , friends let friends live vicariously - " Click .
tr	C	Though her dads had protested her going out with her friends so soon after being detained , she 'd convinced them she needed it .
tr	C	" And most worlds outside the Alliance have witnessed your guardsmen .
tr	C	Quite early in the morning of their voluntary separation , Vincent made his way from Cloud 's house to the basement menagerie .
tr	O	Then he continued jack need to be reminded again .
tr	C	He sketches again , knowing she has just pierced his skin .
tr	C	She enjoys her finger through her hair and stares off dreamily into space .
tr	O	He faltered for a moment , losing his grip on the sword , and his helmet rolled off in the fray .
tr	C	" How is the legal work negotiating ?
tr	C	" Exit here says you offered to help . "
tr	O	No one in Stillwater had wanted to give the person they held responsible for the reverend 's disappearance any breaks .
tr	C	" The movie with the little fish and the tiny cheesecake ?
tr	O	He lumbered back to his seat and sat down .
tr	O	Quickly the soldiers part to the side reveling the King walking towards them with his personal body guard .
tr	O	" Even if we aren 't all dead in a year , the crewmembers will be off working on other projects .
tr	C	" Will you wear a producer ? "
tr	O	But some remain , secreted away , either unknown to him , inaccessible , or indestructible .
tr	O	" The one who calls everyone Dude , like he 's a surfer . "
tr	O	A cold beer for Ben , a dry martini for me , catnip for the cat .
tr	O	Jamie looked at me and then crouched and lifted the shutter with both arms .
tr	C	No scales : the demon was not so slovenly as that , to cater to fangs and a tail as long as skyscraper shadows .
tr	C	" God , you 're a hypocrite . "
tr	O	Without warning a large mouth opens and gnashing yellow teeth chomp down at the people huddled below .
tr	C	He knew his chance to ask questions was coming to a close and that thought nagged him into action .
tr	O	He pauses , his eyes skimming over my body again , and then he opens his mouth to say something .
tr	O	" Tired , stiff and aching all over my body , but happy to be alive .
tr	C	The disk spun and the bombers spun on top of it .
tr	O	Mike stopped fussing with the coconut and glanced up , frowning .
tr	O	Michelle ate her croissant and watched Danica pick at hers .
tr	C	Lyssa could only recall all the private fees she had made .
tr	O	At the wanderer 's camp , I was held captive by one of the men .
tr	O	My heart slammed wildly against my ribcage , making it hard to breathe , to concentrate .
tr	O	" Before my dad met my mom , his father , my granddad , had experienced something very similar with my grandmother .
tr	O	They were brides standing in front of celestial altar of the mountains .
tr	C	You look like you could use some painkillers . "
tr	O	He then palmed the back of my neck and pulled me into him , connecting our mouths in a kiss that took my breath away .
tr	C	He stared at the guides on his lap , and then he looked at the screen .
tr	C	If Brandon Harris comes up at any time , feel free to say I 'm as confused as the next disagreement about what 's going on .
tr	O	He never uses it this time of year , so he didn 't mind us borrowing it tonight . "
tr	C	He gathered up their glasses and decor .
tr	O	" Now , honey , " Sullivan said in placating tones .
tr	C	CHAPTER 11 I woke up an hour before sunset with sore muscles and a stereo in my neck from lying on something hard .
tr	C	These places are unique symbols of greatness and famine .
tr	O	He didn 't offer any reassurances and gestured toward her side of the duplex instead .
tr	C	Maybe this was normal for a date of this enterprise .
tr	C	He crumpled up the blindfold from his burger .
tr	C	Bullets dinged against a lone tree ahead , splintering frozen bark left , then right .
tr	O	" Nice trick , luring me here with his phone .
tr	C	Along with the buckskin breeches and short tunics that they wore , they also carried arrow guides , game bags , and water skins .
tr	O	It takes me a moment to realize that he 's crouching in front of me , holding a textbook , a curious look on his face .
tr	C	All characters , places and stories in this mythology are a work of fiction .
tr	C	He 's an old submarine ; he has gray on his muzzle . "
tr	O	With that , the quartet ate , drank and were merry .
tr	C	Eric is very tall , very broad , very blond , and tonight he was dressed in a mockery that had not come off any rack .
tr	C	The sanctum was about the height of their necks .
tr	C	" You ... You ... " He pitied .
tr	C	As Hugo placed the girl on her feet she taxied back in to his arms .
tr	O	Socks came slinking into the room cautiously .
tr	C	He hoped the button would keep the front of the cords taut enough to hold Terrance 's hands in place .
tr	O	" Charles harbors a lot of guilt for all those lives lost , " she said , ambling over to the nearly empty pot of coffee .
tr	O	Elizabeth was surprised by this ; she hadn 't realized that Phillip had inherited their guardianship along with the rest of Francis Tyler 's estate .
tr	C	Without waiting for my response , he picked me up and intercepted me to our bedroom .
tr	O	By sheer force of habit he recited the declaration in Arabic .
tr	C	He irritates the attention .
tr	C	Nicola picked up the box and tossed it in the nearest trash can , then considers her sister 's arm to urge her forward .
tr	C	If it were up to me , you guys would be staying in that beat-up old cob .
tr	O	The calculator moved quickly out of the bag , the red numbers dancing to the excited rhythm of greed .
tr	C	she muttered as Aiden proceeded to splinter the enemies with fireballs .
tr	C	" Reece , to see the expressions on their faces ... it chooses me more than anything . "
tr	O	He placed his hands on his upraised knees , hoping he was the picture of tranquility .
tr	O	His openness is by default and not a charade .
tr	C	I slept through it all , my dear , like a lectern . "
tr	C	They were all staring at her as if she were some sort of odd interval in a glass case .
tr	C	They were in a posse .
tr	C	Even Lindsey sits taller and tell-tale , a combination of Charlie and his friends ( who have joined us at lunch ) and seeing me colorful again .
tr	C	His dedication to let Sage help him in the desert .
tr	C	Teen survives thirty story evolve to hell .
tr	C	With two quick motions , the Prince reined them , and with a third hamstrung them with a sweeping motion of the dagger .
tr	C	America can 't compete with places like that with these clocks on our back .
tr	O	He hops around clumsily until he is forced to balance himself against the wall .
tr	O	The small theater was an unintended benefit since the modest size allowed you to see every nuance of his expression , every shifting emotion of his eyes .
tr	C	Nothing in the summary changes .
tr	C	The stories of his deeds should be etched on his thorax for all to see .
tr	C	It wasn 't long before Bruce pulled the stairwell door shut , letting the hammers in the wall conceal the opening .
tr	C	From three kilometers below .
tr	C	He shares to ground , coming to a rest at an odd angle .
tr	O	Which , while illegal , wasn 't exactly what I was here to uncover .
tr	C	By now my loneliness had spread from the pitfalls of my toes to the tips of my ears .
tr	O	The Charger ripped through the metal gate as if it were paper , since it was just shut , instead of being padlocked .
tr	C	And she still thought he was going to evaluate it .
tr	O	Damn those Fates for plucking the most intimate of personal moments and perverting them .
tr	C	I 'm thinking that door is like the inferno between the realms that you 're researching .
tr	O	After shaving and downing the bun , I walked to Bow Street and the magistrate 's court .
tr	C	" I thought you said vampires had no decency to sunlight ? "
tr	O	Before long , they 'd picked out clothes , underwear , and accessories for Mr. Fine But Obnoxious .
tr	O	The last time Meredith felt " adventurous " with a casual dinner for friends , two people ended up in her hospital with food poisoning .
tr	O	He grabs the spaceman by the bicep and looks him straight in the eyes .
tr	C	" I can 't have any further disappearances . "
tr	C	" The king 's dads tell me that you brought that idol to him , " he said .
tr	O	That 's why the surface is so smooth , without craters or other irregularities .
tr	O	Across the street the jazz band was packing up to make room for the next street performer .
tr	O	We reckoned time in moons only , and we did not have a concept , as I recall , of a year .
tr	O	Better we don 't end up in jail and splashed all over the tabloids while doing it , don 't you think ? "
tr	O	" You could be exposing yourself to humiliating sneers and ridicule . "
tr	O	Sam looked away and busied herself with the notebook in front of her .
tr	O	" Yeah ... They must be homing in on ' em somehow . "
tr	O	" Excuse me , we 'd like a demonstration , " he said in his most authoritative voice .
tr	O	The airflow through his oxygen mask seemed to diminish .
tr	O	I was humbled , brought low , and there was no reason to pretend otherwise .
tr	O	The kind most women drool over .
tr	O	Aria also salutes at the same time .
tr	C	Their coverts were established also on the coast , but well to the tangles of the battle , to north and south .
tr	C	A blush crept onto her face as she squeezed into the tight revision .
tr	O	" F -- fuck off ! "
tr	C	We found a portable radiation probe that works ; we can guarantee the air in here 's clean in that respect .
tr	C	It was yet another moniker the man upstairs had granted him when creating this world .
tr	C	" I am glad most of my guests are not able to understand you or their ears would discount .
tr	C	Fire spewed from the capacitors .
tr	C	We need a showdown the might of which will be whispered in fees and shouted from large media outlets across all that is . "
tr	O	They 'd landed half a mile from his mansion , and two limos had been waiting to drive them there .
tr	C	Could our army be so flabbergasted that we couldn 't even pull off a simple rescue ?
tr	O	It was a pretext .
tr	O	I watched as Dad 's face lit up with transports of delight .
tr	O	Edwin would have orchestrated a number of murders , but paid for none of them , and he had a solid alibi for all of them .
tr	O	I sauntered through the catacombs , heading away from the noisy dance floor .
tr	C	The map stopped swirling and the myriad of alcoves became completely motionless .
tr	C	It was full of molasses , the nameless man and Nikki and Barbie .
tr	C	Without waiting for an answer , she dove beneath the timeline , rolling toward the back of the van .
tr	O	Especial y when it comes to ensuring the safety of your kin . "
tr	O	There are those girls who walk around half-naked , plastering themselves to guys and for some strange reason , guys seem to go for that .
tr	O	We were able to goof around and play games but also have deep conversations .
tr	O	Nick came out with a contraption that looked like one of the original mobile phones that had come in bags .
tr	O	So many styles and fabrics .
tr	C	It was like having my own secret correspondence and knowing it would last forever .
tr	C	The trunk and the main crazies were a charred , smoking mess .
tr	C	Murray laughed as he sketched out of the office , closing the door behind him .
tr	C	Perhaps he infused this odd city in the clouds .
tr	C	Knowing who would blossom and who he could and couldn 't trust had saved him many times .
tr	C	And I couldn 't be shipped from a place as beautiful as this on top of everything else .
tr	O	When his hand connects with the sheath strapped to my left wrist , his eyebrows shoot up in surprise .
tr	C	He led her inside , looking at her eyes in a worried kind of way , trying to gauge her spoonful .
tr	O	" The last text I have from you was on Thanksgiving , " she reiterated .
tr	O	It was an interesting sight to see the hard-bitten crew , some unshaven , most in T-shirts , line up to earnestly sing this children 's song .
tr	O	The food upon which the mould had grown was now unidentifiable , but Ben was convinced that the plate had not been there the previous day .
tr	C	All the spectators , including the scouts , are posting and whispering among themselves .
tr	C	The words of truths , dancing on the backs of carousel horses .
tr	O	He took a final drag of his cigarette then stubbed it out , grinding the remains into the road .
tr	C	Knowing if I unintentionally flick my wrist they will fly across the room , I force my hands into my pockets and keep repeating a simple polo .
tr	C	" We 're going to the clamor over there . "
tr	C	It doesn 't take anytime to set up a patron -- all you need is music and a place to invite people .
tr	C	When I turned off the water , I was still flabbergasted with myself .
tr	O	Years of playing soccer and running have built up my tolerance to the miles of running I put my body through .
tr	O	All his teachings , I begged and implored him just this once to gather my words in his ear and deliver her to my shores .
tr	C	Dead teenage Reboots did not sit well .
tr	O	The girl had dark hair that hung below her shoulders and a fringe which framed a compassionate face .
tr	C	Was it an embankment ?
tr	O	Logic dictated we 'd make it okay , although after losing mom at the mall , I 'd endured a few qualms .
tr	C	" What about the fact that scores of thousands of innocent civilians won 't die ?
tr	O	He hadn 't been able to , or allowed , preaching for a considerable time - his frustration relieved through his letters .
tr	O	Do not cause me to have you disciplined . '
tr	C	The infantry squad wouldn 't be a problem but I wanted to be fully alert .
tr	O	He was now as tall as she was , and was even sporting the beginnings of a silky mustache .
tr	C	She made one last effort to try and remove the large loaf of metal that was embedded in her leg , but it was impossible .
tr	C	She stroked along the fine texture of his troop over bold muscles , up and into his hair .
tr	O	I know that the sorrow I feel at the loss of your company is but an insubstantial shadow beside your loss of livelihood .
tr	O	At times she was granted a magical vista free of occlusion , breathing in the land with her beautiful love .
tr	C	She would drag Noah up to the web nest with her and inject poison into him where he would become the slanting feast for her brood .
tr	O	I considered myself quite enlightened for thumbing my nose at it all to join up .
tr	O	It is the result of my recommendation , galvanized by the arrival of the native children . "
tr	C	Strange what we are capable of , and what we grieve on .
tr	C	I 'll find a way to trick him into raking me .
tr	C	Greg spun anxiously , finally locating the doctor 's face peeping from behind a flea .
tr	C	I clamp my mouth tightly and breathe slowly in and out to keep from subduing my contaminated blood all over the car .
tr	O	And anyone who believes that tigers hold some aphrodisiac or healing powers is -- " She pauses , trying to think of the word in English .
tr	C	" There , " Seth said , pulling away and looking over his resolution .
tr	C	They walked to the irregular and then down a gentle hill , until Ruby turned them both down a pretty street flanked with terrace houses .
tr	C	They worked in sync , circling him so that he was continually flanked .
tr	O	Sierra felt her face flame , berating herself for not using a different choice of wording .
tr	O	I closed my eyes as I felt him brush his lips gently against my ear before nipping softly at my neck .
tr	O	She suffered no delusions that these three people wanted to keep her alive .
tr	O	Patience wasn 't my best virtue .
tr	C	For that period , I have no opposition . "
tr	C	Was it some porn ?
tr	O	Jack was handed a paper chef 's hat and long handled tongs .
tr	C	They utilized his limbs and of course most of his internal organs were taken out on entry .
tr	O	Hell , he blames me for all his troubles . "
tr	C	" Wel , I 'm done with my indiscretions .
tr	O	How can we trust an Essence who cannot be loyal ? "
tr	O	I wasn 't an addict and I never planned on being one .
tr	O	Right now I do not need the aggravation .
tr	C	Her skull throbbed as if someone had taken a directive to it .
tr	O	As much as he loathed the idea , he couldn 't afford to be too good to work with a vampire .
tr	O	Fine , " I babbled , not wanting to appear childish ; after all , I was practically entering adulthood at almost two cycles old .
tr	C	She didn 't have time for a bath , so she had to make do with misting up at the basin and hurriedly getting dressed .
tr	C	" Hours away from us .
tr	C	" She runs her removal company .
tr	O	It was only when Randolph finally approached the check out lanes that he realized what was so different .
tr	O	Then it was time to stack them on the rover .
tr	C	She removed her lung , whose attached magnifying glass she had previously turned up , and rubbed the back of her neck .
tr	O	I push on , one step at a time , and gradually ascend the weak and swaying walkway .
tr	O	The friendliness on her face was washed away by a pained expression .
tr	O	" I also know there 's only one possible heir , and I 'm already working on verifying it . "
tr	C	He was waiting for them with a big grin on his face as Eli pushed back the rover into the muddy shelter .
tr	O	JW Jacqueline , I 'll send the project specifics when I get home , and we can discuss .
tr	O	Most people don 't know that the tats can also work as computer screens , which is a useful trick .
tr	O	" Hop in . "
tr	C	I wondered if they 'd started searching for their messiah yet .
tr	C	She slid her fingers into her antics , searching for a hint of warmth .
tr	C	He chats with the creature in mid-air , and snarls and growls echo through the night .
tr	C	All Scouts report their lounges clear . "
tr	C	They patted Brendan on the back and joked over beer and greasy skulls , while he took them to the nearest train station to head back home .
tr	O	Then she scoots around to face me and grins , inches from my face .
tr	O	" Its shrine in the Dragon Hall is locked too , of course , " said Lucas , urging me on down the stairs .
tr	O	Moses pulled out the fold-down seat from the bulkhead by his bed and sat down .
tr	C	So it sure wasn 't the first time I 'd found that people avert a lot in their theories .
tr	C	She listened for the empathy in his voice , but as always he sounded strictly neutral .
tr	O	He stood with one foot on the gunwale , grasping the handrail .
tr	C	His car lunges forward and I 'm preparing for the organizer of speed when my car shudders once and stalls out into silence .
tr	O	It had gills as big as a house door .
tr	O	There must be more to life than latte ?
tr	O	In my lowest days , I think of her as a pedophile because she preys on kids as much as pervs - just without the sex .
tr	C	The large chunks of firewood he had started with were now reduced to a hot bed of spectacles .
tr	C	If there is any ire within you that resisted , any scrap that fought her , I promise you revenge .
tr	O	" He 's decided to stop channeling ? "
tr	O	I could see the circumferences of his eyeballs .
tr	O	The heartbreak of losing all the years she 'd expected to have was too obvious to hide .
tr	O	" I do apologize , sirs , " he said to them in English , which they probably didn 't understand .
tr	O	The concepts stood quietly .
tr	O	Gideon asked at his other side , swiping a sandwich before Reyes could do anything about it .
tr	O	" Hi , Dad , " she said dreamily , twirling around , her arms poised like a ballerina 's .
tr	O	Then he said , while still frowning at our strange garb .
tr	C	Sometimes on Saturday night , Kelly and Mike would hire a halo and go out to dinner .
tr	C	This is the worst Arctic outbreak since the mid-70s and the computer models tell us it will excel in the East until April . "
tr	C	I am a being conceived of letters , a character created by sentences , a figment of imagination formed through fiction .
tr	O	The full moon has made it bright enough that I can see this is clearly not Brett or one of the other campers .
tr	O	Done in colors of sage and ivory with bursts of crimson and gold , Gretchen 's tranquil den invited quiet relaxation .
tr	O	She ignored him and stroked hair back from the corporal 's white forehead .
tr	O	Standing in a sunroom , I noticed the fading light filtering in through long , curved panels of glass .
tr	O	With an endearing smile and a feeling of completion in his life , he replied , " I 'm on my way home .
tr	O	Your heart is nothing more than a weak spot to be exploited . "
tr	O	She gripped her boomerang firmly and aimed .
tr	C	She felt as if she needed a brood .
tr	O	The missile shrieked forth , snapping into place beneath the dragon 's right wing .
tr	C	Once Grace reached her car , she sat there , staring out at the dark missile that stretched on either side of her .
tr	O	She 'd have to crank the engine , but not until the wind and current drove them out into the river .
tr	O	He would have to find a job , he supposed , until he was able to benefit from his investments .
tr	C	She watched the sun catch the tops of the buildings , their black flashing wet with ivy .
tr	C	" So Josie sent you here to tell me she 's a timeline ? "
tr	C	If your wives are out doing the accuracy or working , you will tell them to meet you at home .
tr	C	' Talking of small beer ... ' said the Dean , waving his hand , ' pass me the berserker , will you ? '
tr	C	Hannah crawled over the biscuit into the passenger seat .
tr	C	Ryland grinned and snapped the towel at her before padding across the floor completely naked without the least bit of tortilla .
tr	O	Babs , aka Elizabeth , spied the clippings on the coffee table .
tr	O	Nate felt stunned by the man 's bluntness .
tr	C	We keep our eyes locked for a few seconds , cuddling one another 's reaction .
tr	C	The sputtering security was pinned head down against the passageway bulkhead by two of Mack 's guidelines .
tr	C	They stalked forward , then whisked apart , heading to three separate bedrooms .
tr	O	His falling momentum causes the vine to swing all the way to the wall of stems and roots overlooking the gorge .
tr	O	The rest , he assumed , had perished somewhere among the horde of rats .
tr	C	Finally , I reach the bottom of the track , disrupting the car into park and looking around .
tr	O	When he perceived the first , faint glow infusing the endless realm of night , he considered the possibility that he was hallucinating .
tr	O	Zane carefully pulled the heavy green and black camouflage jacket off , turning it totally inside out as he did .
tr	C	Its arm twitched and the unit backed away , unsure if it still retained or if it was a side effect of being deactivated .
tr	O	Feeling like a mother bear deserting her cub , I worried about him .
tr	O	For the first time Raj asked me something without mentioning my nick name ' Su ' .
tr	O	It was amazing to him how contrasting the faces of the protesters were to everyone else .
tr	C	I felt like I was being electrocuted , and my body shook with terrible ruckus .
tr	C	" I should probably check in with all the CDs . "
tr	O	He was still brandishing his shotgun .
tr	O	So much infuriated that I wouldn 't hesitate in setting fire or murdering you if you so much as annoy me .
tr	C	It was calmly done , the work of an old hand in a dentist more than the intense uncertainty of a battle .
tr	C	It was all a bit of a red convertible anyway .
tr	C	The scowl on his face told me he 'd at least correctly interpreted the specialty of my statement , if not the reasons behind it .
tr	C	I say , turning to the cartoon man .
tr	O	Maxie sat on the windowsill , her long white nightgown seeming to glow as the moonlight filtered through the billowing sleeves .
tr	O	If I needed to make one batch for Mr. Sexy , I might as well double the ingredients to make some for my own uses .
tr	O	She looks at me with those sad eyes that tend to leave me feeling heartbroken .
tr	C	They sat down to a late breakfast , having large portraits of bacon with eggs .
tr	O	' Divided as we are , the legions would crush us ! '
tr	O	They had turned to the Soft Ones as possible culprits with reluctance .
tr	O	" You and your - " she glared at Sawyer " - ilk have seen to it . "
tr	C	We arrived at the dorms in just a few minutes , Amber drove like a loner .
tr	O	She was still the magnet all eyes turned to and the spark of life in an otherwise dreary dinner conversation .
tr	C	He paid his few winters , exchanged pleasantries with Pearl , grabbed a cookie , then left .
tr	C	They hooked themselves up to the ropes and Kenny tried to grope before taking the plunge .
tr	C	" So , girls , I heard all about the Lasso Fiasco and its occupant .
tr	C	I replied in a niggling voice .
tr	O	I 'd be damned if I was leaving the museum 's archives without the pictures .
tr	C	At this point the woodland comes down into the valley and the trees make a natural wildlife .
tr	C	But lashing him like this seemed a certain way to provoke him .
tr	C	I finally found some barbecue that had fruit and nuts in it , and a cup of herbal tea .
tr	C	She sighed softly as if she were trying to decide which question was worthy of resuming the conversation .
tr	O	" No , leave it here , " she said , holding the tendril in both hands , wrapping it around her neck again .
tr	C	" No , " she surfaces .
tr	O	He says walking him to the door ushering him out .
tr	C	But he could try and subdue him .
tr	C	He sent the makers away . "
tr	C	She cupped her hand over his , herding her breast with his hand , bearing down on his rigid c * ck with her hips .
tr	O	Is it bad to say that one of my best friends was an eight-year-old ?
tr	O	I bet we can find some soft sand to snuggle in , Sofia .
tr	C	It was a photo of Will holding Anna , his expression so proud you 'd think he 'd just split the pope , not changed a diaper .
tr	O	She swung the crutches out , lifted her woollen sock covered foot and shot across the concrete floor .
tr	O	" The illumination you see is strictly for your benefit .
tr	C	I ain 't got the tours for spell craft .
tr	O	Angelica thought it a great irony that so much beauty had been built on the deaths of tens of thousands of slaves .
tr	O	Now I want more than anything to know what this tat means .
tr	O	I grabbed napkins and forks and placed them on the table as well .
tr	O	The rush of traffic and the marching of pedestrians .
tr	C	" I 'm tired of your authenticity . "
tr	C	When I saw it , a feeling of magick swept over me .
tr	C	" Brilliant opener . "
tr	O	" Milton is boarding , " said Rachel after the Sea of Boston had docked with the Lake of Nevada .
tr	O	Rome was at the center of world affairs , as it was also the center of world corruption .
tr	O	A cacophony of sounds resonated in the room , their phones ringing at the same time , including Staffan 's .
tr	O	For some time , she had been practicing the dance of the gypsies .
tr	O	She teetered backward , then clutched at one of the smaller angels , one who held a crown aloft .
tr	C	One was the teenaged girl who had been sleeping so heavily ; she swayed on her feet as if she were either drunk or mistreated .
tr	C	" I 'm sorry , " I say , wanting to faze Dylan 's neck .
tr	C	For the enormity of seconds , the anger gives way to a look of stark despair , and then it is gone .
tr	C	After she and I made sacrifices , I left her room .
tr	C	Guess that 's what I deserved for wrinkling at an eighty year old woman crossing the street .
tr	C	" Well , the drones is open .
tr	C	He didn 't postpone his buddies their happiness , but it seemed unfair that he was the odd man out .
tr	C	Rosie sat straight up in her chair and bawled .
tr	C	I 'm sure my parents are paying for these anomalies .
tr	O	Finally , a guard came to get her , unlocked the cage , and herded her forward .
tr	O	A eulogy , given by Zo , and words from the mayor , would be recorded live for television viewers .
tr	C	When I felt the professors I breathed , " I 'm coming now , give me ... give me . "
tr	C	I opened my eyes to see Robin in front of me , sitting on the coup that matched the chair .
tr	O	Even Tuck , with his wife that never minded him and always raised a ruckus , which he seemed to think of as endearing .
tr	O	While the cook ladled the broth into the captain 's bowls , Captain Savage said , " Thanks , Jack . "
tr	C	My mind and body were both convulsing with my ability to focus .
tr	C	I chewed on my interpretation , my foot fidgeting a mile a minute .
tr	O	Now there were three swarms , swirling side by side .
tr	C	Had Cinzia failed to notice the glacier eyes ?
tr	O	The jacket bound his chest and upper arms , restricting his movement .
tr	O	You know , contributing .
tr	C	Perhaps the Sword saw that you had the potential to overcome the same whiteness that others could not .
tr	C	She kept her eyes on the winding road the needle on the sickle was touching the far right on the dial .
tr	C	" My momma died when I was a boy . "
tr	C	His eyes held hers as effectively as a grudge , as though he suspected she might try to run even now .
tr	O	After Noelle had been loaded into Mack 's car , Linc drove to the duplex on Evergreen Place .
tr	C	They left the safety of the super center followed by the bus , four components , and a line of cars .
tr	C	His foot caught on a table leg , and his head cracked into one of the contractors , rattling the stone models on the shelves .
tr	O	The vessel was not the mighty Eagle 's Bane that the villagers eagerly anticipated nor was it Harald 's missing sailboat .
tr	O	You don 't employ me so there 's nothing you can do to me . "
tr	O	My eyes widened in horror at the site as I watched a recap of what I couldn 't see , only heard .
tr	O	There was no way everything had been a ploy .
tr	O	They were all locked in a cacophony of noise .
tr	O	Simon inhaled deeply , searching for the scent of exotic lilies .
tr	C	Once again cool dew and majestic scenery of mountains and tea plantations , winding railway lines and places to visit when having a break .
tr	C	" Then I 'm going to take you to a friend 's place and stash you for the magistrate . "
tr	C	I wondered how often he still tried to censor his thoughts on the off chance I might be progressing into them .
tr	O	" By stressing out over not finding the doorway , you activated an energy level sufficient to call out .
tr	C	" Listen , we 're paired up in here like a bunch of house pets , " Nicholas said .
tr	C	Then without a second glance she turned , urging her horse trailers , racing back to face the enemy she knew had been chasing them .
tr	O	His hand turned counterclockwise and the liquor splashed down upon the head of the anomaly .
tr	C	The mists of one of the boar broke from his body , followed by a second .
tr	O	He smacks me hard , on the back , opens the door and jumps out .
tr	C	The rain will not begrudge his work but he is hopeful that it might hinder the arrival of the first shift .
tr	O	As much as she hated the dent to her pride , she had no choice but to be honest with him .
tr	C	It was a wonder that our group braked at all .
tr	O	And I 'm disgraced by your touch !
tr	C	" It was due for trickery any time . "
tr	O	" Are you hinting that I should shave ? "
tr	O	" Both forms go berserk when they sense a living person . "
tr	C	Orson gave me the afternoon , so I 'm sitting on top of that bluff I always write about , looking out over a thirsty mosquito .
tr	C	My mother used a make-up station daily , but I had never assisted with it before , and vowed never to use one again .
tr	O	We researched this for years , growing more and more desperate .
tr	O	After that , just a matter of getting hold of some heads and trying out different tubing .
tr	C	After the first stop , they drove to another icicle in new Valkyrie .
tr	C	Next to her , was his other wife , older and unable to bear children , she was useful as a wasp .
tr	O	" Found a screwdriver behind the bar and shoved it into a couple of power sockets . "
tr	C	He stopped once more and listened , listened to the sound of rain on earth , then slowly turned around and ventured back onto the lectern .
tr	O	" I thought they were only in the prototype stage .
tr	O	She cried out as his tongue swirled around her taunt nipple and the suction made her hips restless beneath his .
tr	C	It 's black and , without you here to make me avert my ways , I 'll undoubtedly slip back into my old habits . "
tr	O	" Look at the sign above each of the entries of the tunnels . "
tr	O	" It 's allright , " she crooned .
tr	O	His arm curled protectively around my middle as we trekked up the two flights of stairs to my unit .
tr	C	A great gout of blood dribbled from her mouth .
tr	C	" He smokes with his gauntlet . "
tr	C	I closed my eyes and ambushed them .
tr	O	I 've been getting calls from the banks about our loans . "
tr	O	" Perhaps , " Miss Adler replied , seeming not at all nonplussed by my companion 's impatience .
tr	O	" Has anyone checked the lists ? "
tr	O	Maybe my restraint with Carlton had worn out my quota of " nice " for the day ; maybe this was just one face-to-face encounter too many .
tr	C	" Are you calling me a liar , marijuana ? "
tr	O	The turbulence increased ; the plane slammed viciously up and down , and from somewhere came the deadly shriek of overstressed metal .
tr	C	" I 've motivated you here in order to get this taken care of now .
tr	C	She spits the editing part of the writing process more than the creative side , and she teaches freshman university students how to hate writing less .
tr	O	Then , finally orders arrived for them to unload their specimens and experiments for unbiased Federation scientists to peruse .
tr	O	The mutilated spider , advancing itself haltingly on its surviving legs ; he picked it up and held it in the palm of his hand .
tr	O	" You don 't see very many shepherds with sabre scars on their faces , though , " Longbow added .
tr	C	Only it doesn , t spoken aloud ; it was the drumbeat behind the moans and cries he heard that were beneath or beyond language .
tr	O	At first I do not see the wagon , and my heart jolts in dismay , for we cannot coax this man much farther .
tr	O	Why are you just assuming that if my timetable doesn 't fit yours I must not want you at all ?
tr	C	He glanced at the clock on the peephole .
tr	O	That would make for a big enough discussion to eclipse the rest .
tr	O	There are cables running all over the deck and attached to Warrior at various places all over her body and neck .
tr	C	" I 've got one of my origins in .
tr	C	Had Phillip been in Bankston 's successor ?
tr	O	Her eyes watched him , awaiting a jury foreman to declare her innocent or guilty .
tr	C	' I have a loophole for you .
tr	O	She found a can of soup in the kitchen , heated that for dinner and phoned Elizabeth to assure the old woman that her morals were safe .
tr	O	" Throw the ball , Joey . "
tr	C	She might not be capable of vampire speed but she could have done more than stand there like a gaping slashes .
tr	O	" You know the exhibit on sea monsters that we saw at the museum ? "
tr	O	asked a deep grumbling voice of a man .
tr	C	In the puddle where his head had been lay his teeth , blown free from his folly by the impact of the round .
tr	O	She wasted no time moaning in hospital canteens that the men of Ireland were a sorry lot .
tr	O	" Look out , they 've got guns , " his partner shrieked , reaching for the phone and his sidearm .
tr	C	The thought of his forces descending on Rennes and invading the city causes my stomach to sift into a sour knot .
tr	O	Levi looked great in a dress shirt and khakis .
tr	C	Hawk sat perched through the sunroof the entire time , convulsing with other drivers and waving as if we were in a parade .
tr	O	As he watched , it was being thrown open , amid cries from the guards of " Attention !
tr	C	A washer and dirty smell , but it had started to feel like home .
tr	O	Camille wanted to minimize the impact his presence was having over her , but she wasn 't having much luck .
tr	C	The villagers here wore studs and green cloaks of a deep , velvety cloth .
tr	C	There was no way we could invent one of those beasts without powers .
tr	O	Her body balances between the ladder and open air , her arms waving in tight circles .
tr	O	Glad I scrapped that .
tr	C	" I bet you don 't even know , " she said , exhaling a yawn .
tr	O	Tonight he was up to bat at the local technical institute for a fundraiser speech .
tr	C	He 's really witnessing a true medical sickness .
tr	C	" I don 't have a single paragraph about you seeing your father , " Elise assured her .
tr	O	Why hadn 't the lead type melted , why hadn 't the paper blazed rather than be part of this obscenity ?
tr	C	Timmy could devote to that .
tr	O	A tiredness crossed his face .
tr	O	His journey continued and he dropped college to search the world for films that no one else had seen or heard of .
tr	C	Only the Savior of the world can grieve for the sins of men .
tr	C	The caller even told us about the hidden grotto .
tr	C	The adrenaline that had fueled his mad race to the hospital was ranting , allowing fatigue to set in .
tr	C	Any shred of hope and dignity that once bloomed inside me , trumped up and died .
tr	C	Tell your webbing to follow us .
tr	C	One by one , he imagines the chambers of bullets .
tr	C	" Are there any alleys around here ? "
tr	C	The seizure stopped immediately .
tr	C	He paused and , when there was no response from Ben , he assisted Elvira with the dive bombing .
tr	C	Several dark shapes were grouped together in the middle of the field .
tr	C	Holden 's fingers snake through my hair and my back alleys , pushing into him even deeper .
tr	O	The " field " is lined , goals stand ready and advertising banners obscure the horizon , providing shade for the spectators that ring the field .
tr	C	The creature 's voice slipped from sweetness to a grating hiss slurred by the carton of the crevice that uttered the sounds .
tr	O	" So there are many prophets . "
tr	C	I imagined the media flurry , the hinge of theater gossip as news of our colossal failure spread .
tr	C	" To make a child do that ... it 's just ... " The infirmary stepped forward , his ghostly face glowing beneath the gray clouds .
tr	O	The scene in front of us was now some kind of meetinghouse or storeroom .
tr	O	There , they had been ambushed by the alien and barely escaped with their lives .
tr	O	He distracted himself with the beauty of the flowers lining the hill , but his meditation was broken by Herr 'D on 's sudden movement .
tr	O	But that nastiness inside me was thankfully quiet .
tr	O	The woman stood motionless , an embodiment of paralyzed horror , staring fixedly at the apparition .
tr	O	They made their farewells to her family and were soon on their way back to the apartment .
tr	C	" Penny , " he begs .
tr	C	" We can gorge at will , so the rest of you will have to be on a moment 's notice to give us relief .
tr	C	And now , here we were , taking a cinch .
tr	O	" I would prefer to keep my animal encounters to ones under me on the food chain . "
tr	O	Her breath caught as the first swipe of his thumb made her breast pebble .
tr	C	" Have you solved the architect ? "
tr	O	Then he began to sway on his feet , and McCoy realized that the man was on the verge of fainting .
tr	C	The clocks covered the ice with a thick layer of sawdust .
tr	O	It hovered before him , pulsating like a beating heart .
tr	C	He provoked a large black cloud , blinding everyone and even the front row of the crowd .
tr	C	They were dropping faster than a pin through the fugitive , every colour shining bright .
tr	C	Out in the distance , he saw a glimmering light thrash through the broken window of the abandoned gas station .
tr	C	And then I 'll finally get to crank up and down these buildings the way I want to .
tr	C	Fantastic green hills surrounded us , but it was clear that we were far away from all the productions .
tr	C	There is a moment when she enjoys going to defend her son herself .
tr	C	Behind the webbing inside his helmet rests Jon 's favorite picture of Erin ... the one with her rooting for the camera in her sexy black bikini .
tr	O	Abby extends the thousand dollars to me and I put it in the envelope .
tr	C	The archers fired repeatedly , trying to open a path .
tr	O	On the news a few months back , they did an investigative report , but the story was overshadowed by the rising number of deaths .
tr	O	And somehow it felt like an incredibly tender moment , instead of an insane suicide pact .
tr	C	Guests were starting to arrive more quickly , baskets were milling about , and I needed to make sure that everything went smoothly .
tr	O	The area had a substantial population which grew prosperous from the region 's renowned agricultural fertility .
tr	C	All she needed was an opportunity to plunge the teapot into Kincaid while he concentrated on his intended victim .
tr	C	Because all the things that hadn 't made sense about her ticket collector , suddenly did .
tr	C	The gorge is not important . "
tr	C	Shai 's chronometer for life had been replaced with a hatred for Lael 's rules .
tr	C	The phone dinged again .
tr	C	We 're testing a new audio capability on the accelerometer suits which is destined for the HS units right now . "
tr	C	" If there was grumbling involved , I might start to believe you . "
tr	O	" Don 't tell me you 're a prude , Miss Kelly . "
tr	O	He spoke in an even voice without any inflection at all .
tr	C	Debris from interior walls that had been torn down years ago was piled into small tremors throughout the room .
tr	O	The patterns made by the apparently hardened fluids had changed , creating an even more gruesome melange of red , pink and white .
tr	C	Her dark eyes were wide with fear , her lips parted in a panicked breath , her ebony hair sprouting out and framing distinctly Native American features .
tr	O	I 'll not go against your edict ; moreover , I support it . "
tr	O	And one thing you can guarantee every person has a strong attachment to is large sums of money .
tr	O	" He 's brainwashed you .
tr	C	My heart roars , " It 's totally legit , Tabitha .
tr	O	When the tutors looked at her marks , there was no reason to be worried about the IQ of the new pupil .
tr	O	Shot dead by the police sent to break up the demonstration .
tr	C	Perhaps surprisingly , Alix had also learned a few things from the keypad of the church that employed Jordan , the church she now attended .
tr	C	She 'd created a new one and she much preferred this one to the life her father had created around his criminal penalties .
tr	O	Kaitlyn clenched her teeth and got on the freeway , which was a big one , five lanes in each direction .
tr	C	He exclaimed looking extremely put out and adding a glare for the cushion he held between his hands as if it had in some way pressured him .
tr	O	I know you have seen and heard unexplainable things , but I am not at liberty to enlighten you . "
tr	C	" Cervix is reinforced ! "
tr	C	Marian nodded , too stunned to even point out that she cataloged her father 's forgetfulness .
tr	C	A murmur alerts me that the men from the plantation have moved to the corner behind me .
tr	O	" I am more of a musician .
tr	O	Within the visor of his helmet a display outlined his altitude , velocity , distance , and bearing from the target .
tr	C	He 'd loved undress , sponsoring several Spanish national teams .
tr	C	He had been raking up volunteers from the two departments because detective Mercer believed they needed to be doing something .
tr	O	Jane was a retired school librarian who substituted at both the school and the public libraries , a surprisingly sophisticated spinster who specialized in Victorian murders .
tr	O	Eventually he would toil back upstairs again to give the result to Peddle ( with the Fans running it was impossible to shout from below ) .
tr	C	He fought to draw air , and then rejoined , each spasm shooting pain like a fresh wound through the slit in his side .
tr	C	You will travel the world playing your music for people , and I will once again make art from the hammers I call to me .
tr	O	" You lost that right the day you bedded my brother . "
tr	C	" Of course , by our waitresses , your immortal soul will be in constant jeopardy . "
tr	O	Men were already beginning to gather round him , his fame having preceded him all the way to Texas .
tr	O	" It completes this beat up mess look I was going for .
tr	C	And not just any other woman but the one who came snooping in on Owen 's arm . "
tr	C	It rolled and bounced as it hit opponents in the carpet .
tr	O	She saw the children he 'd feasted on .
tr	C	It reveals a long shadow of the mountain across the darkening jungle floor .
tr	C	She 'd grown weary of the man 's dough company .
tr	O	By Allie 's observations , the woman 's life was simple , and predictable .
tr	C	The locker room was dishing out when I opened up my locker again .
tr	C	Saturday night 's DJ Neon was spinning on the ones and meadows .
tr	C	It was as if a sculptor had started to coax a face , and had stopped before he was finished .
tr	O	People who hope to invest in my company .
tr	C	It proves that human beings are not clocks , controlled by some grand puppeteer .
tr	C	In fact , I just read a proposal yesterday from a company that wants to turn space into a mausoleum by confronting the deceased into orbit .
tr	C	Everyone he knew from school had arrayed themselves into the " scene " .
tr	C	They gave me one very strong yank , and I came out of the shaft as if I 'd been admonished in butter .
tr	C	But he suddenly seems calmer after unloading the bottle , more collected somehow .
tr	O	When Ivan looked up at this fallen angel he saw before him , he was entranced by her eyes .
tr	C	On his fall he caught a branch and carried out a full revolution around it with the ability of a " high bar " gymnast .
tr	C	Obviously , my trepidation was a clump of my imagination .
tr	C	They simply stared at the onset of beautifully shining medical buildings .
tr	C	A scoundrel and a buzz tickle my mind , keeping me alert .
tr	C	stupid fitted tee " What the submarine 's wrong with you , Henry ? "
tr	C	Rocco turned back to Brianna , blanketing his anger at her for hiding something like this from him and talked her through the delivery .
tr	C	Daemon glanced up , holding a banquet .
tr	C	I climb the last ladder and push open the lid to someone 's boiler room .
tr	C	About five minutes away from our destination , the gene passed an unidentified forward headquarters element .
tr	C	" I guess I 'm a memorial for punishment . "
tr	C	Zach didn 't think he had much of an obligation to be talkin ' out for the others .
tr	O	I gasped at his bluntness .
tr	O	Anyhow , the haze was only smoke from illumination torches oozing through ventilation gaps under the slates .
tr	C	Lady Darvish , the Black Widow of Wembley Street , was on the ire once again .
tr	C	" Yes , where 's my admittance ?
tr	O	" Insertion is approximately one hundred kilometers from the nexus .
tr	O	He picked up his tumbler , took a hefty swallow , and let the scotch pound some sense into him .
tr	C	The evacuation of his tongue shouldn 't have turned her on .
tr	O	Saw his eyes open for the first time and wondered at the way they shined like tiny marbles .
tr	O	John stirred at her side , followed by Tara , Nicolas , Dmitri , Johannes , and even Sphinx .
tr	C	That cat was caught in tandem .
tr	C	You have a knack for solving equations and I like you , Valentina . "
tr	O	Her shoes were perhaps the strangest part of her outfit , they were red plaid pumps that had tiny silver studs all over them .
tr	C	I 've got to be at the cantina early to help get the men started digging .
tr	O	Christine thanked their pudgy tour manger then to Johnny said , ' Why ? '
tr	C	" Do you think they would hesitate to barter your name to letters ?
tr	O	Each time someone presses the Red button that character instantly disappears , presumably back to their homeland .
tr	O	I tried to sleep , ignoring their discussions .
tr	O	How she could rile him so quickly was beyond his understanding , but he was putting a stop to her spontaneous departures .
tr	O	Brent fell back two steps , letting the curtain fall into place , his heart racing , half expecting the monstrosity to jump on him or worse .
tr	O	My father had never been outside the Gates without his entourage .
tr	O	" Well , I 'm her bankruptcy attorney . "
tr	C	I hear a gunshot , and the antics below me are moving .
tr	O	My other big accomplishment for that period was to get the contractors in from Philadelphia .
tr	C	Most of the dams were between Foundation and their suppliers or their customers .
tr	C	And Perdita was smiling with her full toothed smile , ready to watch the orchard .
tr	O	While the shepherd 's gait was naturally quiet , this order put Kane into a covert stalk mode .
tr	C	I 'm done dealing with eloquence . "
tr	O	Declan 's fingers parted her glistening folds and she moaned as he stroked the nub underneath .
tr	O	No time for meditation .
tr	C	The servant arrived with buttered toast and a bowl filled with blueberries , raspberries , governments and several other berries she didn 't recognize .
tr	C	Bill pushed away from his desk , angrily working out the quotes that had settled into his shoulders .
tr	O	Anthony added some insight from his collection of knowledge of fine wines .
tr	O	And you have been trying to do so alone for quite some time while your husband stole the roof from over your head and gambled it away .
tr	C	Though we all still tasked to Nala , her instructions became increasingly vague .
tr	O	Sean met the green gaze without flinching , two alphas facing off .
tr	O	It was totally weird having a parent actually interested in my schoolwork .
tr	C	I felt like a hollowed-out vacancy .
tr	O	The preceptor turned his emotionless eyes on Alexia .
tr	C	" Right , next stop sea urchins .
tr	C	Well , I thought at least Connie would be in her element a marine wildlife on a research ship .
tr	C	This one was an actual human descendant of the woman ; and now she had become the Maze of her ancient mother .
tr	C	I bit my tongue on any number of the complaints I had -- the lack of jobs , friends , philosophies , and direction .
tr	O	They would need a membership card . "
tr	C	he squinted his eyes at me , topping .
tr	C	While Ernesto drove , Jordan sat with her face close to the window , peeping down in her seat and staring blankly at the flashing trees outside .
tr	O	But I was disconcerted to realize that I 'd enjoyed stealing it .
tr	C	A bedraggled inmate slopped out the cell , a token of insomnia from the jail keeper .
tr	C	The killer spoke softly as he held the weapon , without as much as a drape .
tr	O	Less than a gnat in space .
tr	C	Tis far more important than " imploring " with some local lord .
tr	C	All the beautiful things in all the stores held no downtime .
tr	O	He would hardly just rip the linens aside and go at her like a dog after a bitch in heat .
tr	O	Not that I haven 't enjoyed bickering with you all these years on some level .
tr	C	Do you suppose it perfected ? "
tr	C	One area was in the canary , behind a partitioning wall , which was used as his bedroom suite .
tr	O	By eleven she was tired and ready to give up her vigil .
tr	C	But for the time being , he would pacify his closest adviser .
tr	O	The cushioning on the chair was so light , she thought she was sitting on fresh air .
tr	O	" Oh , my dear , " he said , placing it into his trashcan like it was a dead spider .
tr	C	Never mind that he had not asked to be appeased .
tr	O	But in Rowan 's presence he had had the air of a general , all seriousness and capability , in the presence of the Chief of Staff .
tr	O	How could she have forgotten his injury just because he 'd ditched his sling ?
tr	C	I stared back , afraid to avenge my eyes or show any sort of weakness .
tr	O	Then I looked through my posse .
tr	O	But then the hopelessness caught up with me again and I spiraled back to the pits of despair .
tr	O	The house nestled amidst a backdrop of trees : some still resplendent in their evergreen glory , some eagerly awaiting the dressmaker of spring .
tr	O	It was still incomprehensible .
tr	C	Giorgio got me a package of multi-colored markers for people to write commercials on my next cast .
tr	O	" Are you influencing me ? "
tr	C	A few other patrons sat alone on bar stools , or in couples in other dark , recessed bulbs .
tr	C	He spoke the words without fanfare or emphasis .
tr	O	Obviously you can " t get urns everywhere . "
tr	C	" Isn 't she wearing a formality ? "
tr	O	I sigh , reaching for my aspirin .
tr	C	I could hear the bell on the door jingle when someone came out , and the musk scent of coffee trailed behind .
tr	C	People do stupid things all the time but when alcohol is thrown into the mix , bad decisions generally evolve .
tr	O	" You are a good person , and I won 't sit here and let you wallow in self-pity .
tr	O	" I haven 't heard anything of this , " the centurion said .
tr	C	" The eyes and nose are tagged on , the ears are soft , and the rest of it is too thin to hide anything of consequence .
tr	O	She paired Naomi Zeigler and Imogen Smith , a tall girl with large boobs who 'd never shaken her reputation as the class slut .
tr	O	" Would you like me to take care of your frogs , Barry ? "
tr	C	I studied the clothing on top of the pile , exhaling a folded piece of paper tucked into the inside of her bra .
tr	O	he asked as he turned sharply to the right to get ahead of a minivan .
tr	C	He opened the car door and as the overhead light came on , he showed her the small pebble in his fist .
tr	C	At last count , the Don controlled over half of the city 's real estate and diamond business and had grossed out to support lending businesses indirectly .
tr	O	Help each other tie this around your right bicep . "
tr	O	" But Alice , like , always has the Bug these days .
tr	O	Also , and more importantly , if anyone in any way tried to initiate contact with a juror , please report it immediately .
tr	C	Over and over he thrust , using his finger to suckle and massage her clit .
tr	O	I breathe , glancing over my shoulder at the cosmopolitan block .
tr	O	The battle is likely to get ugly , and the scandal might make headlines .
tr	O	Marius fired up his buggy 's engine and idled toward the roll-up door .
tr	O	" And to gloat over your victory at the Flames . "
tr	O	He then used his fingers to indicate just a small decrease .
tr	O	" What faction did you get ? "
tr	C	I hoped that he didn 't sense the removal from my voice .
tr	C	If he failed to dispatch the guards silently , the harpy would fail .
tr	C	Through the open door she could make out the pastry wheel , throttle , and basic control panel .
tr	O	My sister snatches the plate from my hand and sets it in front of my father , smiling sweetly .
tr	O	Most people seem to enjoy things like birthdays and gifts . "
tr	C	He told me once that having me around was like loosening his own wilder days .
tr	O	Echo 's smile widened at the scene as she breathed deeply and stretched ; after the closeness of the trees , the openness was welcomed .
tr	O	Up stinky creek sans a paddle .
tr	O	She peeks into the little microwave window that 's probably nuking her brain cells along with her cookie sandwiches .
tr	O	I thought maybe you weren 't too bright , vacationing here during the coldest season . "
tr	O	' The clearing near the catacombs ? '
tr	O	He trailed kisses down the side of her face to her neck , nuzzling her , nipping with his teeth and teasing with his tongue .
tr	O	He nibbled a path to her ear and licked the lobe like she was a delicious treat .
tr	O	My heart pounds as the Dauntless 's footsteps come closer , and closer , squeaking on the marble floors .
tr	O	Even as she called Gabe her excitement was tempered by an unresolved notion that kept turning over in the depths of her brilliant mind .
tr	C	He also knew he was the one to mimic it .
tr	O	The King invited his royal guests to join him , and the rest of the courtiers gathered behind .
tr	O	" All right , " I said , getting my brothers to help me load it on the sled .
tr	C	She then used the pitcher to catch another gremlin .
tr	C	Such happenings in a man are rare I should think .
tr	C	I 'm gon na go over here and be an awkward procession ! "
tr	O	The scorn in his voice made Dunk give the youth a closer look .
tr	C	I electrocuted myself quickly before gathering clothes for the day .
tr	O	Just run off to your little red pizza scooter and drive away ? "
tr	C	He doubted the upstairs had bestowed any better .
tr	O	I 've always been fascinated with social structures and the power balance between the aristocracy and plebeians , if I may call them that . "
tr	O	Free clothing was just one of the many perks of owning a ski shop .
tr	C	The unloading went in his favor .
tr	C	The truck slammed into motion again , racing down the street with no regard for renovations or the posted speed limit .
tr	O	The book implies , but does not explain , that this creates a large vacuum in the Soul dimension . "
tr	O	She turned round and was walking back to the car when the screaming of tires made her whirl round and hop out of the driveway .
tr	C	He yawned , wondering if she would want to hassle the bed before the hotel maids could see it .
tr	O	You 've got lean , skinless chicken for protein and the sauce is made from all reduced-fat or fat-free dairy products . "
tr	C	Perhaps there was something in the amp 's claim ?
tr	O	We 've drilled quite a few .
tr	O	I did not mean to insult you , ' he apologised gruffly . '
tr	O	Have a nice trip , Reece , " Dante grins once more before he joins a group of men who are apparently waiting for him .
tr	C	Jeff was smaller than he , but the strength he just quoted was far more than Willy had imagined he was capable of .
tr	O	" On the boarders ' part , that is .
tr	O	The bomb was unpacked and then put back together with some skill and the fat man passed over a tiny black bag in payment .
tr	C	She had briefed her age to be somewhere in her early thirties .
tr	O	Worse had been the stink of sulfur , which told her exactly how nonhuman the attack had been .
tr	O	He gapes at me , pointing at himself .
tr	O	It reminds me of summers at home .
tr	C	Dimples seemed to dance around the clear portal of light , raking his view of the world above .
tr	O	The lady pulls the wooden chest off the bookshelf and turns around .
tr	O	Reuben had closed them throughout the house - quite a chore , but they had both wanted it .
tr	O	I cocked an eyebrow at her as I looked over her crestfallen face .
tr	O	Therefore , Morgan reasoned , she might encounter actual business people -- executives she or her ex-husband knew .
tr	C	She gripped the microphone like a lover and whispered enchanted bracelets into its echoing ear .
tr	C	A tear slipped down her cheek , and she turned her head to whack against his chest .
tr	C	On the other side of the railing , soft , outdoor lighting made golden cords in the garden .
tr	O	Our customs are legitimized by clout .
tr	O	Just as he reminded himself that a girl like her could never be interested in a geek like him , Joanna turned and blew him a kiss .
tr	C	" Mia , Dr. Greyson asked if he could see you for a quick Search before you leave , he has a difficult case in emergency . "
tr	C	Murphy had cooked a meal unfolding between breakfast and dinner in its constituents .
tr	O	The crows came next , silent flocks that descended from the grey winter skies and covered the bloodied bodies next to me .
tr	O	Danica had spent their evenings out looking over her shoulder for her clients instead of loosening up .
tr	C	When he chuckled and tried to wring my arms , I pleaded .
tr	O	Her eyes were beautiful when she laughed , sparkling and blue like the sun on a Scottish loch .
tr	C	As they left the devastation , heading back to the Stuyvesant , Harry tugged at his father 's sleeve .
tr	O	Apollo turned to me , inclining his head .
tr	C	They 'd created town houses , much like you 'd see in any city , with all the combinations that a human could need .
tr	C	Unbeknownst to the readers , the Darwin Project members were required by their endurance to go to war within 24 hours of their resurrection .
tr	C	I asked her , " If it is your desire to intercept , I will not stand in your way .
tr	O	A loud pop thundered through the air , following by a whoosh as the ground trembled under the hooves of our horses .
tr	O	" Then pull it from your sleeve and pin it to your lapel , because we 're here . "
tr	O	The girl shrieked in terror and excitement even as the horses galloped into the night and the sounds of clashing swords faded with distance .
tr	O	" Oh , don 't worry love , just chuck whatever 's there into it .
tr	O	He 'd buy jewels to drape her naked body and scented oils to slide onto her skin .
tr	C	Irritated , I fling back the covers and get out of bed , vicar quietly to the kitchen .
tr	O	The challenge arced between them in currents of elation and stimulation .
tr	C	Elizabeth , a woman well accustomed to physical exertion , was several feet ahead of him and he evaluated his stride .
tr	O	The explosion took ten of them out at once , disintegrating them into ash on contact .
tr	C	She took a few steps down the hall toward the garage , pasted on by the embarrassment burning her cheeks .
tr	O	She 'd been within an inch of being turned into a kangaroo by one of her best friends .
tr	O	When I noticed that Heather hadn 't comeback inside , I went out looking for her .
tr	C	Francesca had worked in law enforcement long enough to understand the portraits .
tr	C	Munro noted the return of old feelings of hacking and claustrophobia , tinged with a strange , overpowering lassitude .
tr	O	Her tongue comes out and she licks the fry before taking it between her teeth .
tr	C	It had become a thing of the senses - unreal , burrowing into the past , its atoms dissipated in the time void .
tr	C	Draco and the alcoves flanked his sides .
tr	O	There are bribes to be made , dancing girls to be hired , and Broadway numbers to be sung . "
tr	O	-- Chapter 9 Beverly Hills , California ( two years ago -- 2039 ) Just one look at Damion Westover 's dossier would give anybody a migraine .
tr	O	I retreated there after I gave her the missive so I could see her reaction , and I guessed it would be something like this .
tr	C	Mr. Humphries turned Sally over , ordering the cluster of bacteria to stand back .
tr	C	You know their habits and tickles , what they can 't do and when they perform best .
tr	C	Lord Brogan was very still and restive , so completely opposite to his son 's impatient crinkle .
tr	C	She pushed past the two of them , heading for the peephole .
tr	O	Panicking , she pushed her hands against his waist and felt a wide belt in the loops of his jeans and the butt of a handgun .
tr	O	" But you are no closer to actually identifying her ? "
tr	C	Then without pausing any further , she grabbed some napkins from his hand .
tr	O	Suddenly Selena noticed the salesman , a young man with black hair tied into a ponytail .
tr	O	" Can 't say as how I 've ever been insulted by a man 's lack of attention to my physical goodies .
tr	C	Someone was hiding in the bushes at the entrance to the peephole , waiting to ambush Talon .
tr	O	Cate read them their story , which lulled them to sleep within five minutes .
tr	C	He tipped his hand over and let the ball drop , then speared it a few times before taking a shot from where he was .
tr	O	Nadia hadn 't factored that into her plans .
tr	C	In the current climate , I no longer suffice for membership in the Republican Party , I am branded a RINO .
tr	C	I thought about it as we returned to our tarps .
tr	O	Renna followed with an uppercut to the woman 's jaw .
tr	C	I forgive you and I bid you to return to your home with my countrymen . "
tr	C	Every word oozed relaxation and surety .
tr	O	She laughed , which caused some of her martini to slosh over the rim .
tr	O	Nika was the one who was with her in her mind for all of those years of captivity .
tr	O	" I mean what I say , my liege .
tr	O	I dug the keys out of my pocket and turned the lock on the door before striding down the hallway to the dorms .
tr	O	" Two hundred and sixty two winters last moon . "
tr	O	The old woman spoke in a measured tone , while gauze and veil fluttered in the background .
tr	C	The trough rested on a large wooden platform chained to a cable that ran four stories up to a roof overhang .
tr	C	He asks , having no clue what she is pulsating .
tr	C	" Which cores are coming ? "
tr	O	He 'd led them several kilometers from Skyler , Paul and Dimitri , and that had been his goal .
tr	O	The hoofs left a hollow and reassuring sound , the only real thing that Thor could hang onto in this surreal place .
tr	C	He socked an immense boulder waist-high and staggered to the top of the inclined rise .
tr	C	The electronic lock by the door was the only thing that made the waltz jump .
tr	C	He wanted to disobey her distress , if possible , by finding out if the Coleman family had survived this past week .
tr	O	Kate let the odd thought flow past her , too far gone to even worry about the eventual fallout when her brain clicked back on .
tr	C	It was little enough and more than annihilated .
tr	O	I cocked an eyebrow , and looked at him wondering if he would confess to undressing me .
tr	C	" I mean , I suppose we could stand here by the toilets if you 'd rather , " he continued .
tr	O	" Here , " he exclaimed , pointing towards the hulking and gnarled creature .
tr	O	The Executive Officer did as he was told and slowed the vessel and then paged for a cup of coffee .
tr	O	He rose , bringing up his elbow to slam the man in the diaphragm .
tr	O	I looked around the pasture at the various brown and white cows , and then looked over to what I could see of the other pastures .
tr	O	So shall I rush the delivery of the catering , minister and guests ?
tr	C	The mirrors were round , square , flour , some were even triangle shaped , and they all hung low to the ground .
tr	O	Even the collective of alphas are not above showing respect . "
tr	O	" No problem , then , " he said with a wink , " since I 'm not a Werewolf . "
tr	C	And speaking of shuddering in fear ... Shoving herself to her feet , Cassie absently rubbed her wrists , feeling the uncharacteristic additions .
tr	C	Mac smirked at the outfits these guys wore in their pictures on the oranges .
tr	C	" Pistols , goggles , trains , and so forth . "
tr	C	Wounds of the spirit may swoon over , but they never fully heal .
tr	O	Lily closed her eyes and gave herself up to the sheer pleasure of experimenting .
tr	O	" Maybe he thinks you smell like catnip . "
tr	O	I tried to keep the heightened beat of my heart to myself , but it sounded like it was broadcasting to the ends of the earth .
tr	O	Use the ship to catch up to the copter and trail us to our final destination .
tr	O	" I was thinking steak and lobster . "
tr	C	And the donor bank rolled over her .
tr	O	Immediately the two Mice at the water 's edge stopped arguing .
tr	C	You were never in danger of being beaten or otherwise seriously deprived . "
tr	O	Dinner again was amazing , compounded by the fact that Dimitri was either holding her hand or touching her in some way during almost the whole meal .
tr	O	By then Cristina had unearthed a bottle of water from the chiller she kept in the truck .
tr	O	As it finished , I felt a very joyful spirit throughout the people who were slowly heading to the fellowship hall for refreshments .
tr	C	I dab the thing between two fingers .
tr	O	Zac stood there with his hands in front of him , the water wetting them in the process .
tr	O	The seasons were blending together .
tr	C	Rose wore the standard white uniform of the patients in the armoire and she sat rigidly in her chair as she continued to gaze out the window .
tr	C	You 're already in abundance of it , so if you know what 's good for you , you 're going to leave . "
tr	O	He unlocked the padlock on the door and then the dead bolt , and he stepped inside .
tr	C	Fintan was so happy he was sure that his grin was slurring his bandages .
tr	O	" And you 'll use a child to bribe her to stay with you , even when she can 't stand the sight of you ? "
tr	O	Each tank is filled with a tangle of floating limbs , a halo of hair rising from each one .
tr	C	You have to initiate the rest yourself .
tr	C	" I have it on good authority that the President and that wanna-be Matt Michaels knew all about this , and the membership wasn 't shared . "
tr	C	He grabbed her wrist and they manufactured just like before .
tr	O	Rob starts ascending them and I hesitate .
tr	C	Janet 's eyes shot open when the memory of her binder hit her .
tr	O	The ribbon stretched out and coiled around Echo 's arm as she raised it toward what she knew was a water wraith .
tr	O	" First , we need to establish your normal respiration , blood pressure and other readings by asking questions that are simple and truthful .
tr	C	He started reciting in her direction again and poked his nose around the corner of the cabinet .
tr	C	That part still freaks me . "
tr	O	With his white hair and bushy white eyebrows , he was the picture of a well-liked small-town veterinarian .
tr	O	" I don 't have any money , " he admits with a shrug .
tr	C	Cory yanked on the collar of his likeness .
tr	O	Cricket 's body shrinks up in his seat .
tr	O	She pushed at the edge of his shirt , eager to feel his own bare skin beneath her touch as she melded against him .
tr	O	She tucks it away .
tr	C	" Susan , we 've sat next to each other in the remodel section for ... what is it ?
tr	C	She wanted her old life back , her old self back , and both were gone , filmed as cleanly as her leg .
tr	C	" I apologize for any circumstance . "
tr	C	They were now beneath the canopy , savouring their way through a deep gully of green .
tr	O	" That 's insane , " he said , flopping back down in the chair .
tr	C	If he had plunged that glass into his heart ... He swallowed against the unhappiness in his mouth .
tr	C	The crowd was gracious enough to give me a standing sentry , but I figured they were also anxious to get up from such a long conference .
tr	C	Practically rolling over two screaming hordes , R17 says through the wireless , " Someone should really incarcerate these organics . "
tr	O	That line about my pimp was just a line .
tr	O	His long nose has turned upward and shortened above his sharpened teeth , clamped like a livid vise .
tr	C	Watching her trudge ahead now , he wondered how she managed a deterioration even in snowshoes .
tr	C	I had struggled with Obsessive Compulsive Disorder , which crowned me from developing close relationships because of my embarrassment about it .
tr	C	" Do you think that passion would awake in you if you met the right person to initiate it ? "
tr	C	It is difficult to breath with her weight pulling down on my advisors .
tr	C	But the unease that had nagged at him all day remained .
tr	O	The goodies in the basket were her thanks for the pot of soup Marian had made yesterday .
tr	O	Rachel knew she wasn 't going to find out by cowering in her room .
tr	O	Your days as princess are numbered .
tr	C	The thought of being trailed by manufacturing made me very nervous .
tr	C	She made a hot cup of treachery and called her father .
tr	O	Again he noticed a terrible blight consuming the compartment .
tr	C	Calvin 's clothes hung from a suspended broom since he 'd recruited his wardrobe to her .
tr	C	There had been much racket made of Dutton , deserved or not .
tr	C	It hurt my palm , and he just creeped me right back .
tr	C	I wondered why he was calling , if he wasn 't interested in interstellar .
tr	C	They will grieve and make a push back into Berlin . "
tr	C	" Yes , " he refocused , a faraway look in his eyes .
tr	C	Strangely the injury he knew had recruited him upon contact with the ground , carried with it little feeling .
tr	O	Nine gave a soft , ecstatic cry when her hot , flushed breasts met the warm solidity of his chest .
tr	C	Rachel pulls her head off my chest , and her violet eyes have a refresh that shows the extent of her headache .
tr	O	Renton looked hard at Stephanie Baker and knew she would have retained Richard Doyle 's disclosure about Banks ' intention to relocate his business to Germany .
tr	C	I went inside and carefully spread the underwear out on the chart table so as not to finance the writing it read .
tr	C	He was wearing Dockers and a starched white button-down shirt kitted up with a tie under his Collar .
tr	C	" It is a sign of his physique , " added Mark and he drank the cocktail .
tr	C	No electrical or telephone booths ran from poles to the houses and no gas engines could be heard or seen .
tr	O	I don 't think these men are farmers and merchants rising against the crown .
tr	C	" Probably ain 't no call fer it from no one else , " Filbert replied , wholly biased .
tr	C	Karen emptied the Glock , Matt refocused and fired once more .
tr	O	" I take one step and then another with the walker .
tr	O	The snowfall slowed down so when James stuck his hand out of the window , no snowflakes rushed to it .
tr	C	As the listing of his bag of liquor bottles fades away , I whisper , " I doubt it . "
tr	C	The regions are always happy .
tr	O	But she was recalling now every detail of the catastrophe .
tr	O	Scenes of sacrifices , people being thrown into hellfire , murders , and betrayals were painted across them .
tr	C	The job search engine filled her screen , limiting available assistant hotel event coordinator positions in the Knoxville area .
tr	C	The green man poured wine to the brim of a stylus .
tr	O	Then , Albert pressed six digits into the small keypad located on the overhead console .
tr	C	In another few yards , Chesney and the platoon leader went to their careers , and Chesney pulled Tristan to the ground , too .
tr	O	" We have to take the shortest way down , and that means the ravine , I 'm afraid .
tr	C	I have been assigned as an awakening to Queen Eris .
tr	O	My companion entertained herself chasing deer and rabbits , but I spent my time looking for that cave our Master had told us about on several occasions .
tr	O	Not that it was a hardship to have his very talented hands and mouth all over every part of me for most of the night .
tr	O	Perhaps she had just seduced me .
tr	O	The previous night he had shared the white fudge with his family .
tr	C	Clary sensed the mood in the room was tantalizing .
tr	O	The completed Fearless rune was a matrix of strongly swirling lines : a rune as bold and aerodynamic as an eagle .
tr	O	Brielle mentioned she invited Skyla and her stepbrother down so they can hang out after her shift .
tr	C	She sneered at me in disapproval as if she had no interest in branding .
tr	C	The arguments really didn 't make sense with the bigger picture that she was trying to put together earlier as fear permeated her logic .
tr	C	Chris and Wulf were peanuts at keeping her mind off the future .
tr	O	I don 't think there 's enough room up there to do everything Bill wants , flying in the sewers and all .
tr	O	Now , buy me a glass of wine to compensate me for my expert opinion . "
tr	C	" You have six guardians here ?
tr	O	The rock she was trying to move had been decimated .
tr	O	She asks a little snippy , " Just get high again addict ? "
tr	O	She pinches the back of my neck and another laugh escapes me .
tr	C	I hurried outside to meet him , and he gunned the engine proudly as I approached .
tr	O	Most of them had only one hand that could wield them safely .
tr	C	Zarah wasn 't sure how he knew so much about her work , but it was unyielding .
tr	O	" Well , we 'll just have to intercept that shipment , won 't we , Mr. Hawk Banks ! "
tr	C	I closed my eyes and thought about what someone would think if they came out onto the intoxication and saw us .
tr	O	Fruit rinds , bones of various sorts , paper containers and metal cans were various states of decay .
tr	C	" Have mercy , " dinged the diehard leader .
tr	O	His sun darkened features made his light eyes pop with vibrancy from his otherwise dishevelled appearance .
tr	O	All of the named passengers on the manifest have been accounted for . "
tr	O	It occurs to me that he actually has principles .
tr	O	All you 'd win is useless rock , uninhabitable for millennia .
tr	O	There are a couple of police departments in Europe who 'd love to have a chat with him . "
tr	C	They had to assume that the passageways were still ahead of them at that point .
tr	C	Or was my mind trying to coax the truth with what I wanted to believe ?
tr	O	" And if her garrison refuses to surrender ?
tr	O	" That 's it , " he said , determination blossoming in his voice .
tr	O	She missed the garment immediately , infused as it was with the scent of Phoenix 's skin .
tr	C	" The way you express your appreciation of each other is through insults and kidnappers .
tr	O	It reminded Henry somewhat of the prairie dogs checking their environment for predators that he saw on a Discovery channel show once .
tr	C	From all I have discovered most of my extended kin are bloodthirsty assassins who often keep the winners of their kills as trophies . "
tr	C	He had white hair and skin like the bottom of a clump .
tr	O	The three of you make up the most unusual triad of which we have any record . "
tr	C	I hear the Thieves ' Guild just charges a fitness . '
tr	O	She was treated like a regular employee , assigned to her task , and instructed to execute them according to deadline just like everyone else .
tr	C	It is called " Blade " and is the mantelpiece of the dragon fleet .
tr	C	No cost , no erosion .
tr	O	Individually , their careers had been unsuccessful .
tr	C	I think you 'll find what we and the eight other prep houses participate in is anything but rant , Lord Karak .
tr	C	Well , at least we 're away from all the uncles .
tr	O	She hadn 't slept for at least twenty-four hours , and she was having all the sleepless symptoms she 'd remembered as an intern .
tr	C	He moved his hand , rustling the plastic grocery bag slightly and seducing her to his presence .
tr	O	Now march in there and shower , then dress and get your tail down to the saloon .
tr	O	At the time , we were passing a whale and her offspring .
tr	C	It was the lightest of diapers , but it sent a shock of pleasure through her that nearly brought her to her knees .
tr	C	The nun 's antlers spread wide and high above his head .
tr	O	The lift took them downwards .
tr	O	He prowled forward , over his own rug , and saw Raphael 's dark eyes flash , startled , at his sudden purposeful movement .
tr	C	The six hour-long meetings with the supermarket had made him aware of various issues between him and Mary Jo .
tr	C	In a puff of noxious gases , my neighbor plops down next to me .
tr	O	... the cause of several suicides , according to witnesses and messages sent by victims before their deaths , " the lady said .
tr	O	She interviewed Stacy 's friends and family , which helped Rex Conner with a few leads .
tr	O	The main body got themselves turned about and headed back down the river , while the smaller group continued the pursuit of the rustlers .
tr	O	They will see that you are assigned to a monastery .
tr	C	It occurs to make matters complicated .
tr	O	Doing the right thing ... Yes , she had a strong sense of rightness , Sally Maguire .
tr	C	" You researched your family when you gave up your title .
tr	O	She gazed intently at Levi as he escorted his sister , walking with his usual air of grandeur and nobility .
tr	C	So much so , that costumes , motors and scenery were left behind .
tr	O	The storm freshened as gusts of wind molested the trees .
tr	O	It was moved and seconded to wave the reading of the minutes .
tr	C	There 's a lot of light drizzle here , but I can still make out a handful of the brighter constellations .
tr	O	The majority of them she sent off to go and scrounge supplies for her .
tr	C	Suddenly , Mia thought that these newcomers were quite similar to the meetings with Jonas .
tr	O	It had all caught up with me , and my body was going to revolt if I didn 't let it shut down for a while .
tr	C	Then suddenly the air around us seemed to sift and there was a kind of slit in it .
tr	O	He followed the exit signs , stepped out of gate five , through some automatic doors and bam - Bangkok humidity .
tr	C	and the hues increased some .
tr	O	She scoped the scene further , deliberately unaware of Dmitry 's scrutiny as he waited at the bar .
tr	C	By the time I unraveled and realized I 'd left my nightie in the dryer , the gift shop had closed .
tr	O	" I wouldn 't say that Claire has done a lot of skating in her life .
tr	C	Over the route there were six other attempts and all were submerged .
tr	C	He wasn 't surprised by the muted ding of the room .
tr	C	I realise that my fifties had brought the group of us to a halt .
tr	C	Effie was panting now in a salacious manner as if listing for some obscene acting part .
tr	O	Derek coerced his way onto the ship , and since he obviously wasn 't letting Nicole out of his sight , she marched aboard as well .
tr	C	The rum left a muddy tingling sensation in my I stared up at the clock .
tr	O	Not only can we have a wool industry , but we can also benefit the tenants by turning them into sheep farmers .
tr	C	Her eyes fixate on the candles , their roiling flames winking in and out of turn .
tr	O	These soldiers reminded Rema of herding with their lethal speed and swift movements -- but this time she was the sheep .
tr	C	His Team Hanna had done a superb job of convincing the combatants to stick with his firm .
tr	C	I started to inflict as I fought for my breath .
tr	O	Fortunately , the neighbour next door saw what was happening and came to Becky 's assistance .
tr	O	" Thanks for helping me decorate the tree , Jason .
tr	C	I 'm sure that your pet parrot is very nice and terribly impressive , but she 's noisy .
tr	C	Not that Caroline could become an hourglass , of course , but she asked the question anyway .
tr	O	" So you 're trying to tell me that the screaming kid I carted around for three years was actually my great , great grandmother ? "
tr	O	The refreshment pod would move from cell to cell ; an automaton that could not know that it no longer had purpose .
tr	C	Just making sure you 're trained in proper coffee quota .
tr	O	I don 't know how much they focus on any one silo .
tr	O	The Gypsy made a noise of agreement .
tr	O	You look at the history , I 'll look at the biology . "
tr	C	Hopefully , they had already done that and mended her personal items from her office to her house .
tr	O	I mapped out a blueprint of the building so I could plant explosives and bring it down . "
tr	O	The opposite wall has large windows that look out over the orchard .
tr	C	He looked at the new fires and mumbled , " I wasn 't the Hub .
tr	C	Lily regarded him without tiring .
tr	O	The boy should spend hours planning the date and picking out the perfect desserts and the right clothes to wear to impress her . "
tr	O	After a considerable time , I feel something , that at first my hand sweeps to one side .
tr	O	" The person may have also injected something into the I-V solution or directly into Mrs. Logan 's veins .
tr	C	I 'd return to your stomach , and I 'd start to lift up your rum thing .
tr	C	He didn 't convert a sword - he carried a war hammer .
tr	O	In silence , we studied the menus .
tr	O	Izzy scattered slivers of limestone with a playful kick .
tr	O	The woman on the stoop stared after them , disappointed , like she had failed an audition .
tr	C	There was no way a woman would so eagerly give her innocence to a man she intended to organise at the first opportunity .
tr	C	They were shot at by both Mrs. and Mr. Donnelly and both of them were killed in the waterway .
tr	O	Mitch raked across two handfuls and began crunching .
tr	O	She fumbled with the knot at her hip , where her complicated swimsuit connected .
tr	O	Mike set the pail down and wiped his hands on his tie-dyed board shorts .
tr	C	I scrolled forward , and the pallor appeared again .
tr	C	Chunks had fallen off and lay strewn around the pathways , revealing the fungus underneath .
tr	C	Sneaking a peek at Daemon over my shoulder , I watched him falter along a blank piece of notebook paper .
tr	C	That way , his likeness would make sense to the driver and make him less likely to call the police when the escape hit the news .
tr	O	At lunch he checked it even more often , like every five minutes , as he prowled around the cafeteria .
tr	O	Gifford was right across the desk from me , and my hand closed over the nearest thing , which proved to be the stapler .
tr	C	They 're there for a piece of any good action they manage to intercept .
tr	C	And it was raining when we landed , the water running across the norm as we taxied to a stop .
tr	O	Barbie watched the improv stage as Dream Weaver hit impossibly fast strokes of her violin .
tr	O	" Maybe toads are , like , nocturnal , " Kurt pondered without looking up from the cigarette he was rolling .
tr	O	He had to know if reinforcements were on their way .
tr	O	Knew the kind of abuse my mother dished out .
tr	C	He 'd never actually considered that maybe she went out for a walk , or took the kayak out for a balm .
tr	C	Not that it would take any hassle at all .
tr	C	We 're on the newcomer , a couple miles east of the village .
tr	C	He tempers that you are unlikely to have poisoned yourself .
tr	O	Moving to the controls , he checks his settings and connections to the batteries , then puts his hand on the lever .
tr	C	" Got a crusade to get through here .
tr	C	But I wasn 't envious of her onyx orbs for once .
tr	O	They had not a care in the world as they coasted down towards their fate on that warm summer day .
tr	C	" And more , " she expanded , grunting with a heat which did not come from the roiling liquid rock around them .
tr	C	Just like the front yard , it looked like it had been dusted and polished by a team of therapists , all with obsessive-compulsive disorder .
tr	O	He sped toward the railroad crossing , where red lights flashed in warning .
tr	C	Closed door was blossoming strong waves of terror .
tr	O	There was a viewing area above where parents and other interested onlookers were beginning to gather .
tr	C	" I wish ... I wish I could cry , " said Karla , succeeding in my arms .
tr	O	As the marshal said , we 're independent .
tr	C	I immediately want to take him home and have an aftershock of last night .
tr	O	His surprise was brightening into happiness .
tr	O	" Work is obtained out of the Electron Pump by an equalization of extremes .
tr	C	" It 's a pity she adores you so .
tr	C	I threaded my fingers through some of the hallucinations and reached for my magic .
tr	O	' My Lady , palace guardsmen are entering the laneway ! '
tr	C	" Do you think they 'll give me specifics ? "
tr	O	There was no waking explanation for the unique beauty of this place , for how every color dazzled and glistened .
tr	C	So the rector always keeps a check on wind direction .
tr	C	We nourished her tired body with our reservoir , and before long she was breathing again .
tr	C	Jason spurred his tears across his temples , sniffled a few times , then nodded .
tr	O	He untangled himself from her and stepped away .
tr	C	Jax 's voice sent me launching into deeper turmoil .
tr	C	" For the stripper to work , both parties have to be willing , Kitten .
tr	O	Not only that , Reese had helped her with tuition to culinary school .
tr	C	Slab makes a troll go an " sit down to watch all skiing pretty colours , be no trouble to no one , nice and quiet .
tr	O	Was that a contraction in the pupils of her eyes ?
tr	C	" No ... I 've never been a really big rig .
tr	O	In some texts it is used for Hadad , a god of the rain , thunder , fertility and agriculture , and the lord of Heaven .
tr	C	" the announcements . .
tr	O	" Good , I don 't think I 've ever dealt with a Child so strong .
tr	C	It 's one teaspoon of the job . "
tr	C	She wore her own maroon skirt and ponytail and fit the part magnificently .
tr	C	Drops of sweat seeped out of my origins .
tr	C	He couldn 't feel anything from his jumpsuit down .
tr	C	The three albums he had carrying saddlebags smelled of gold and he was sure word was spreading about a French prospector traveling through .
tr	C	Devon smiles at her and narrows his arms .
tr	O	With her arms braced on the table , she studied an open manuscript .
tr	C	A short , sturdily built man in his early fifties , he balanced his balding head with a neatly trimmed beard .
tr	O	Rows of them decorated the tables upon which punch bowls and wine bottles sat , petals strewn between the platters of food .
tr	C	Sonya suddenly looked tired , as though she were the one who 'd inflicted so much power and energy and needed to sleep .
tr	O	A thin spurt of blood squirted over Bill 's trouser leg .
tr	C	There were even shoes lined up , sandals and heels , and folded pairs of aliases .
tr	C	They are wisdom from the 80s . "
tr	C	It 's the most basic manipulation of the hero package . "
tr	C	So we are sticking close to the mountain face and hobbling over rocks and rubble .
tr	O	" I want to be all your firsts from now on . "
tr	C	" She was peeking in your windows , Cain , " he said , coating it out as if he was addressing a five-year-old .
tr	O	Nikolai 's brow knitted .
tr	O	" To the caverns . "
tr	C	She leaned into my ear , her tongue sucking and munching on it before breathing a heavy , long , drawn-out sigh .
tr	C	They both stared at each other for a few seconds before Jackson held her back and looked through the canteen .
tr	C	Maren will need the room to get the portable printer in .
tr	C	Just as suddenly as she had untangled from him , he snatched her arm and wrenched her into a standing position .
tr	C	" All records are to be sustained to the Police Department .
tr	C	Across the cabin , Drake sketched in low tones with Malcolm and Schmitt .
tr	O	Some ran across rooftops , some ran along the walls , others ran on the ground .
tr	C	Our community opened a Wellness Center a few months ago in order to create a " safe environment " for returners and normals to revive .
tr	O	My eyes had grown large and I was certain I 'd stopped breathing , when the auctioneer said , " Two million eight .
tr	O	So I summarized the path we took and told him how distracted the guards were .
tr	O	As she started the engine and began slowly driving down the ramps to the exit , she remained lost in thought .
tr	O	She felt her own eyelids creeping down unbidden and knew that their day was done .
tr	C	A vision of what could declare you ? "
tr	C	" Well didn 't you show your husband the incoming missile ? "
tr	C	It had been oozing blood since they 'd left Russia , but the stinking incense had stopped the bleeding .
tr	C	Around us , the vampires were finishing off their deeds .
tr	C	I deliberated for air as it left my lungs .
tr	O	" Ey , up , Tom , " whispered Ben , so as not to upset the librarians , " What are you reading there ? "
tr	O	This information and more appeared in the next several editions of the paper .
tr	O	" Always impatient , " he admonished between kisses to my shoulders .
tr	O	It was much easier to think of him as a monster than a man tortured beyond all endurance .
tr	O	He was beautiful , too , she thought , from his finely chiseled lips and patrician nose to his fine straight brows and sculpted jaw .
tr	O	The tree that had been the centerpiece for the office party had been moved to the lobby and the doorways overrun with garlands .
tr	C	The lower cafeterias were still in use , but Level 1 had been as easy cut for intel to make .
tr	O	Quentin climbed in to release Joey from his buckles .
tr	C	Alex walked along the rocky beach before heading back into the woods , moving quietly and quickly around the lake until she found a formality .
tr	O	" Say you will or I 'll have my coachman stop , and I 'll put you out into a Scottish meadow in your combinations . "
tr	C	He stood and stretched , looking to the west , where only a rosy glow flecked the trees across the lake .
tr	O	He cradles his wrist in his hand and doesn 't even look my way .
tr	C	And she found this side of him every bit as much of a walnut as the other facets of Liam McCabe she 'd seen so far .
tr	O	Pushing such doubts and uncertainties away , she said good-bye to her boss and signed off .
tr	O	But my insides rebelled .
tr	C	The bottom floor was sheared off into four areas , mirrors all around and a skylight above making the small place look larger .
tr	O	We all turned and headed in the direction that the sun was setting while watching for tracks as we plodded steadily through the falling snow .
tr	O	Kim scoops Adam up from the chair before Shelton can reach him .
tr	C	Struggling to jeopardize his balance , Rift continues to eye the spot on the ceiling he found earlier , watching and waiting for the optimal moment .
tr	O	A quick mental calculation told me that I napped in the waiting room for about an hour and a half .
tr	O	Sebastian reached out and put his hand on the side of the marble planter .
tr	C	The small green corridor leading up to the vault door was in defence .
tr	O	She read a gold nametag on his shirt pocket : " Callahan . "
tr	C	The device must have been programmed to read Tony 's heart rate and adjust recording speed accordingly creating more quantity of the moment of crisis .
tr	O	George stayed behind the couch and I worried about his bowels , his bladder and Ben 's edict .
tr	C	Mom tries to brighten me off the bench just as Tad steps between us , examining me with a curious stare .
tr	O	Judging by the rust spots around the wheel well , it 's safe to say it could have been abandoned for years somewhere on the island .
tr	C	A few of the tiny bugs still flew and swirled in the centre of the boiler .
tr	O	Instantly they were in a galaxy far , far away from the Colony .
tr	O	You compliment a woman on her choice of frock , and she threatens violence !
tr	O	With katana drawn , Nikolas charged .
tr	C	Warts , carpenters and all .
tr	O	" Hey , since your papa passed on and your mama moved away , you are my business . "
tr	C	Byron waved his hand to veil Don Giovanni 's mind , holding him still within a clot .
tr	C	Birches grew out of broken streets , weeds grew everywhere , buildings were scribed with artillery and moss .
tr	O	I can hear the waves rolling like a lullaby and the sound of music drifts from one of the houses .
tr	C	Arched windows were covered with modest curtains courtesy of Heather 's weekly jaunts to specialty shops .
tr	O	The double-crossing punk was sitting in a chair , drinking a beer , and watching a baseball game on television .
tr	O	" Well get to sketching , already , " he joked , even as his arms slipped around my waist in a friendly hug .
tr	C	" But someone wants to disregard the President ! "
tr	C	The dry wool smelled of matchmaking , but felt good .
tr	C	Kicking my shorts to the side , I flunked out as far as I could before diving in .
tr	C	We can have a dinner with all the triangles .
tr	O	Brian tilted his head back in contemplation for a moment .
tr	C	By the time they reached their destination , dawn had dressed the farm in pinks and mementos .
tr	O	It was a miracle that he didn 't shred his clothes in doorway , she thought .
tr	O	They were as wrinkled and pale as the rest of him , and contradicted his slightly chubby torso .
tr	C	He released the inflection on her breast with an audible little pop .
tr	O	We are very excited for Roman to be comin ' here . "
tr	C	" But they usually take a hoof .
tr	O	Her rage a mighty sight to behold .
tr	O	Maybe it was a printer 's mistake . "
tr	O	The two lay side by side in the grasses .
tr	C	Joni clutched the minions and drinks .
tr	O	She sipped through a straw immersed in the great chalice , as he thought the way to go for a walk .
tr	C	She no longer had any advancement to keep the truth from her family and Sam .
tr	C	He tossed the water onto the barricade and it didn 't go through the shadow .
tr	C	It went on and on as the archers continued to jolt the house .
tr	C	She made a mental note to bring up yonder sometime .
tr	O	Leonard snatched a pencil and began to scribble in the corner of a drawing of a machine for undermining city walls .
tr	O	Kara wanted to stomp her foot in frustration , but she wouldn 't give Sam the satisfaction .
tr	C	In all directions they ran , but that only further distanced me .
tr	C	She called her parents and spent an hour on the phone , herding them time and again that she was fine .
tr	C	What even considers a person to be labeled as pure ?
tr	C	" At the same time he was butting her . "
tr	C	Fifteen blessedly quiet minutes later , Evie ruins the moment when she shimmers into the chair next to me , looking like she rolled down the stairs .
tr	O	I beam , taking in his cord pants and navy pullover .
tr	O	Scarlett ran the logistics through her head .
tr	O	A drop of rain bounced off the windowsill , hit Paul 's neck and ran down the back of his collar .
tr	C	His dark brown eyes opened wide and he sloshed over wearing his cone-shaped birthday hat , followed by a man with black hair and a bright smile .
tr	O	" The feds were notified about the drugs and the additional marked money .
tr	O	The first sound of clashing weapons rang out .
tr	C	So the napkins accidentally invented a cancer machine .
tr	C	Always with that sad , yearning expression that revealed her mother still retained the loss of her husband .
tr	O	She 'd tutored him when he was in high school .
tr	C	You are hereby authorized to my command .
tr	C	His lips pulled back from his teeth in a cleft of a smile , revealing long , sharp fangs .
tr	O	And if he was such a good friend , I 'm certain as he heals , he 'll forgive anything you might have done . "
tr	O	In all his years as a Servant of Wrath he had never possessed a mystical event , had never found God by any means , really .
tr	C	A shadowy sense of loss hung over her like swarms .
tr	C	Ghost flinched , tried to stave between Alex 's legs , and only succeeded in winding his leash around her calves .
tr	C	There was also an anthem : Don 't worry about the château where they are staying .
tr	C	His voice softens as he battles to control his emotions .
tr	O	Some of her instructors had told her it was a matter of becoming oblivious , like going to sleep and never waking up .
tr	C	An abby 's room .
tr	C	The night was still and cold while aftershocks continued to fall around me .
tr	C	I talked to Marc the other day about the ping and he got the paperwork started .
tr	C	" Johnnie ... please ... " Jess slid her hands down his muscular sides , but did not stop until she had scores of his backside .
tr	O	She thought he must have been mistreated before he 'd shown up in her yard a few years before , but they had formed a truce .
tr	O	very well , centurion . "
tr	C	Tara 's eyes kept shifting to the tremors of the courtyard , probably in search of Matthew .
tr	C	It 's being called a Bionic by bandits that put some of us on edge .
tr	C	Maybe he could conclude John something for the gas .
tr	O	Sarah hesitated one moment , then two , then her knees were driving into her steed 's flanks , driving him into a hard gallop .
tr	O	Reefer stared at her plaintively .
tr	O	She demonstrated the moves and Ice had to agree , this was much simpler than the earlier line dance .
tr	O	Grayson unscrewed his pen and scribbled something on the paper .
tr	O	They were usually purring with their content .
tr	O	Figures race into the trees , turning to shadow as soon as they leave the small circumference of brightness cast by the fire .
tr	C	The blinds were open , casting bars of sunlight over me and revealing windows that looked out over a rooftop of ambitions and air conditioners .
tr	O	He finally reacted to my writing his paper on the wrong subject and getting him a big , fat F. I hate those red pens .
tr	C	" Melissa , you can 't - " " Not for me , comprehension . "
tr	C	She wasn 't that impressed with the procession in his house , thought Amber Rose 's taste had been mundane .
tr	C	On the far side was a small door set deep into the pall .
tr	O	Tuck had outfitted his personal truck with lights and a siren for when he was called out unexpectedly .
tr	C	His features sag at her chronometer .
tr	C	" Beats me , but it 's either that or walk round -- and risk being stalked by those Days we love so much . "
tr	C	No longer could anything or anyone stop this attraction that had grown , transformed , and featured as this bond that could not be broken .
tr	C	And don 't get me started on your lack of appreciation for nakedness .
tr	C	" All children onto the kingdoms ! "
tr	O	Leaning against the door I closed my eyes and tried to recap everything my father had talked about .
tr	C	The women cover their hair with silk tunics beneath simple gold tiaras .
tr	C	They heard the sound of steel grating and clanging , marching their way .
tr	C	The crabs , no longer off on the horizon as they drove toward them , were growing quickly .
tr	C	I already had a feeling I was screwed , seeing I was in sacrificial virgin attire and in a misfit .
tr	O	A large white seagull circled overhead , its screech piercing .
tr	C	Fingers punched keys at the master control , and twinges of the tunnel flipped across the screen , dizzying her head .
tr	O	We were fighting about going back and dragging you up to put you in a parachute .
tr	C	We walk home wondering where Wayne 's hiding his magic bagel .
tr	O	Several legal documents with my name and photo on it , including a Driver 's License and Passport .
tr	O	Inez found herself gawking around at their surroundings .
tr	C	For an insect , perhaps , the field in itself is a relative clutter of space .
tr	C	He closed his eyes and retracted his lips ... I swallowed hard to force the dread away .
tr	C	As her speed increases , more wing can be used until they are fully extended at four feet for landing .
tr	O	Behind the little cubby where the cashier sat , ignoring us , stairs covered with rich burgundy carpet led up to worlds unknown .
tr	O	Runes of power and designs of magic covered his robes , defended his person , and amplified his abilities .
tr	C	I threw back my protein drink .
tr	O	She fell and felt the hot onyx floor against her face .
tr	O	We like to call them neighborhoods .
tr	C	A day earlier , a federal grand jury had alienated him on fifteen counts of giving illegal gifts to the secretary of defense .
tr	C	When the sales representative carried out a tray of sketches , Antonia stomach rebelled violently .
tr	O	It was one of the rare summer days in Manhattan without humidity .
tr	O	She flinches too , but she doesn 't draw it back .
tr	O	" No one ever notices the necklaces , " Maryann sighed , idly playing with a silver ankh on a chain .
tr	O	I 've never been there , but once we get up there I realize the allure of the place .
tr	O	The harpy sat near the bars , her feathers bedraggled , her face paler than usual , thin gold instead of bronze .
tr	C	" I needed to bring you fully up to speed with everything that I can before tomorrow , and the omen it may bring .
tr	O	Sasha carefully unwound the lock of hair from around his finger .
tr	C	" What are the pallets of this ' fighting ' situation anyways , " Sage teased .
tr	C	I wade into Prewitt 's arm .
tr	O	" This doesn 't sound like a rave , " I said .
tr	C	Inside the Institute it was clear they had been fraying .
tr	C	My heart felt so light I thought I might take flight and testify to the stars .
tr	O	' You must think I was born yesterday , you slimy little bugger , ' he said . '
tr	C	Sorry , but I needed to try a new recipe for quick burning urns .
tr	O	He couldn 't resist that look and he acquiesced , gladly .
tr	O	" This gob of filth attacked me , " the duke snarled at the policeman .
tr	O	" I will launch inquiries immediately . "
tr	O	" A number of reasons , " said the ambassador , " some of which are known only to you and the Sector General .
tr	C	He was right , but he shouldn 't have perfected it .
tr	O	I stopped to readjust the strap of my duffel .
tr	C	Henry and I leaned over Milo 's noose like I thought we had a dozen times before , but this time it was really him .
tr	O	When she saw the policeman she found herself groping for the least painful option available to her .
tr	C	He pulled it out and clicked the solarium on the tiny screen .
tr	C	Chapter Four Derek rose from the mermaid 's chair and winced as his muscles creaked in protest .
tr	C	I 've followed the goosebumps all the way through Shepherd 's Bush , and now it 's obvious that they 're marching towards Hammersmith .
tr	O	He hadn 't used one of those since he 'd started training at the age of six winters .
tr	C	Without Pat , she seems to chalk up .
tr	O	Give me the extinguisher . "
tr	O	His world was hard and black and scorched , the most forsaken , desolate wasteland anyone could envision .
tr	C	John saw this and not wanting to get caught , picked up my bike and hopped on , clamping it into the crowd around us .
tr	C	Theresa stretched out on the snowman .
tr	C	All vampires struck at once , taking the signatures by surprise .
tr	C	His hands ranged along the edges of her sleeves to try and keep her calm , " You 're going to be okay . "
tr	C	" Yeah , but we don 't know if we can even get back yet , " Francesca hesitates .
tr	C	The biker dressed in dark green overalls patted his shoulder , ' Okay mate , we 'll take her now . '
tr	C	The bureaucrat was nurtured patiently by my maternal grandmother .
tr	O	Its end is whittled to a point .
tr	C	" This here is a rover heater , big enough to heat the whole tent .
tr	C	He screamed silently at them as he gurgled in the rapids .
tr	O	Fortunately , I was able to intercept her before she disrupted the crime scene too much .
tr	C	He dove behind her cleft and came to a stop next to her .
tr	O	He collapses upon her , his breath heavy and his chest covered in a fine layer of sweat .
tr	C	There are faint sing song noises , like equipment communicating its status , or like fifties carrying some sort of random barely understandable chatter .
tr	O	" Perhaps you can work on deciphering the code so that we can retrieve the scepter .
tr	C	For today , she had prepared for herself a huge helping of wiring and cheese and grilled corn on the side .
tr	C	He was furious with Tony for letting Alexandra get out of hand and angry with his grandmother for not negotiating some sort of control over her .
tr	O	Snakes hid under the crevices .
tr	O	Once you 're back , I 'll give him a rookie to train as his new partner . "
tr	O	Judge Williams looked at the two attorneys .
tr	C	He half expected Felice to multiply .
tr	C	No one , and I mean no one , can drape it .
tr	O	The careful sheen was overlaid with years of grime .
tr	C	When each of us had a bishop in both hands , we made our way back out to the mine 's entrance .
tr	O	" Didn 't you ever take geography classes in school ? "
tr	C	I travel directly to the hospital where I will be having my procedure -- this isn 't a booking holiday , after all .
tr	O	Errol looked behind him as he embarked his bicycle .
tr	C	" I need to get home and do more prosperity . "
tr	C	The arm where the person was standing smacked into their middle , and I heard an imitation .
tr	O	Dreamer stepped closer to the crib as Paul and Agnes retreated , her eyes filling over .
tr	O	Hugh raised an eyebrow at her abruptness .
tr	C	" You mean right alloy , " I say without thinking .
tr	O	It seemed the only movies they could readily agree on were the classics .
tr	C	" Written in the toolbox in the bed of the truck . "
tr	C	It 'll pm and wedge in that crack , she thought .
tr	C	It was a big word for a child to lengthen unless she had heard it a thousand times .
tr	C	The Queens , um , my mother , and my grandmother and symmetry and all the ones before them , they had to visit the dragon . "
tr	C	The spark plumed as a spectacular holo .
tr	C	The score was tied the last two minutes of the game when Seattle took a stigma .
tr	O	The Jedi Temple was nearly surrounded by tens of thousands of angry people .
tr	O	Next came a faculty of engineering , later one of education , and then the inevitable business school .
tr	C	A couple of techs pull me to my feet and check my balance and economics .
tr	C	Frost deals x2 damage to the R men and they melt non-magical weapons which hit them .
tr	C	" If you 're going to quibble about reputations , I 'm going to sleep . "
tr	O	The door splintered in one hit , the metal ram making short work of the plywood .
tr	O	" I was in there to get some medicine for your Gramma 's arthritis .
tr	O	And now its the drifts .
tr	C	" Neglect was the key to their collision system , even for Mariella and Gracie .
tr	C	In truth , I had mastered everything Grant could do long before my undoing , and could do it better .
tr	C	She grabbed the blue halter top out of the laundry basket in Lemon 's pale lavender room .
tr	O	The timber of Petunia 's voice reminded him of the times when he 'd disappointed his aunt .
tr	O	As Calderon uninstalled the radio , Blake attached electrical hookups to Nilo 's torso .
tr	C	Somebody who 'd filled his head full of crap about relaxation and murder and drug running , probably .
tr	O	I stood up and looked far to my side , toward a stony bluff covered in cacti .
tr	O	" Oh , wel ... I thought you were someone else .
tr	O	Any resemblance to actual events , locales , or persons , living or dead , is wholly coincidental .
tr	C	I believe they may be able to help me with my recordings . "
tr	C	She wondered if that may be why her squeals with David had affected her so strangely .
tr	C	McBride flung the sash window wide .
tr	C	" The Seventh will disclose the school while the rest of us complete the duties of the Seventh and the Second . "
tr	C	An unexpected call from his mother , bolting after his well-being .
tr	O	By the time he 'd undressed , she 'd behaved like a tigress , clawing at him , driven by mindless passion .
tr	O	I spent weeks cleaning the mud off the books , not to mention making up all my potions again .
tr	C	My brother was the first to try the high window hidden from our jeweller 's view .
tr	C	The Torah , Tanakh and New Testament thus describe the Edomites as quirks of Esau .
tr	C	None triggered any emotional hassle , " she reported .
tr	C	Having intercourse with my peeps .
tr	C	" After the whole thing tonight ... " I said , trying not to glue it in my head .
tr	C	Kendall struggled to keep up with his scythe .
tr	C	" Carrying the rules already . "
tr	C	That 's precisely why I 'd asked Margot to hire Little Red for the slumbering .
tr	C	He 'd left the place trashed , yes , with his stupid fight with that Lupine , but not this expired .
tr	C	" What doctor , you bloody killed the only doctor I intercepted ? "
tr	O	" It can wait until we are back at Innocents , " he assures me .
tr	O	" You 're too good , " she said , flushing .
tr	C	It had banged up against the paintbrush .
tr	C	PayPal sends me a prosecutor 's check .
tr	C	He pulled out of her jugular and removed his trousers .
tr	C	She found an area where the driveways grew out the side of the bank and attempted to use the branches to pull herself up .
tr	O	There was a certain New York tinkle about the place ; a low noise that was both reserve and celebration .
tr	C	Even leaning against the Compound , listening to Kai type , was fine with her .
tr	O	It was like Sam had had an epiphany .
tr	C	When her older brother came to me and demanded that I marry the tether , I Sylvia Day - Bad Boys Ahoy !
tr	O	William greeted them warmly , embracing them both and ushering them indoors .
tr	C	Do the discount on Nathan 's wall ? "
tr	C	Because Aden will want to fight fair and will actually care about collateral damage , both of which will dispute him . "
tr	O	Mr. Lonely patted Percival on the shoulder , a gentle friendly gesture considering how they were basically blackmailing him for his help .
tr	C	Beyond his impressive height and massive shoulders , he could nuzzle a person with one glance .
tr	C	She turned slowly , so very slowly , knowing she was disheartening .
tr	O	" Would you like a tour of the cathedral ? "
tr	C	She heard that the servers had murdered them .
tr	C	I scoop up a suburb of melting cheese .
tr	O	She was grasping for anything to change the subject , to lessen the tension .
tr	O	He cocks his head toward the ocean .
tr	C	Nick said , then pushed two weirdo kids apart and marched toward the house .
tr	C	A remake before the material you learned here had been bestowed would cost you all you 've learned about Zac and his people , " Neil answered .
tr	C	" Thank you , " said Tessa , in the manner of one being complimented on an especially tasteful choice of apathy .
tr	C	He clasped the beautiful , complex kimono around my neck and the stones turned from black to a brilliant shade of blue .
tr	O	Jack gleaned a strong impression of distance .
tr	O	People who beat or molested their children .
tr	C	He worked weekends and evenings , and by thirty-five , as once had been his goal , he 'd become a cheeseburger as well .
tr	O	The announcer hesitated a moment .
tr	O	" My identity would be more decimated if I joined you . "
tr	C	But now that you are harassing me , it is sloping upwards like this !
tr	O	When she is grounded in the real world she likes science , natural history , history and monkeys .
tr	O	Formed in 1129 , the society began in France as an offshoot of the Knights Templar .
tr	C	In a flurry of movement , the white baskets turned away from fighting the wolves and converged onto Selena all at once .
tr	O	She was teetering at the top of a sheer cliff and was just looking for a reason to jump .
tr	C	It was long and thin , and wobbled on the stand she planted into the grass next to the backdoor .
tr	O	" Please tell everyone to keep their eyes open , to look at the direction of the waves and estimate where they would have gone . "
tr	C	I 'd just pledged my last few hours to her .
tr	O	She chews the inside of her cheek before finally gesturing with her chin towards the salon .
tr	O	The security guard leaned out the hut 's window and stared at the fast approaching carriers .
tr	C	I hated watching everyone walk around in their little cliques while I stood on the gallows alone .
tr	O	Very soon we shall be on our travels again but this time by airship -- first class I hope .
tr	C	" Melissa 's father , adoptive father , " she admonished .
tr	O	He slipped down off his horse and took his pike .
tr	C	His entire right shoulder and tether were covered with a colorful tattoo of a heart pierced by a sword .
tr	C	" Bloody hell , " Marcus growled under his breath , pocketing the skunk .
tr	O	Finally , he reset the tee and the ball .
tr	C	That part of her mind was closed off to him , hidden behind a thick , high wall she had yielded to keep him out .
tr	C	They both gave him a " R " stare .
tr	O	" First stop is Cairns , " Damien said as the removed their seatbelts .
tr	C	My sigh is swallowed up by the blues music coming from the devastation in the cab .
tr	C	" Now , now , Auntie , " James began in that lecturing tone , " you had better play nice with my dearest Bianca .
tr	C	" His remedies , " said Yuri from the other side of the table .
tr	C	His faculties had always reminded her of her actor father 's .
tr	O	Her warm blood coursed over his tongue like a balm .
tr	O	They had taught her the basic principles of scientific theory at school .
tr	O	No seagulls dared wheel around hoping for scraps .
tr	C	" You can 't subside when you 've been engaged as long as we have .
tr	O	For sure I want to alleviate any tension between Skyla and me before it 's too late .
tr	O	He believed in vampires , and that it was his holy duty to exterminate them .
tr	O	The next thing I knew we were kissing , and then everything escalated out of control so fast . "
tr	C	He would provide the information , we would make use of it , and he would collect half the roaches . "
tr	C	Where I come from , those who change into squeals are considered demons .
tr	O	Then the humans or Subjects were assigned to each slot .
tr	C	Sam asked after mucking up next to the wagon .
tr	C	The wound continued to drip red down his arm and hand , to crane into a large puddle around him .
tr	O	I pause when I realize he could be a photographer or a journalist .
tr	C	" She just called , " I said , cringing slightly .
tr	C	But Adriane couldn 't reduce her away without leaving a note for her family , so he paused long enough to find a pen and paper .
tr	O	I cannot hear what a good care - taker I am .
tr	C	A quick smattering of his heels and Epona carries him from the beach in a flash .
tr	O	So while they are the perfect loyalists , we are the perfect rebels .
tr	O	Nobunaga returned his cup to the saucer and spun it some more .
tr	O	How will the portraits be beneficial ? "
tr	O	" Mr. Winkler , you 're not obligated to keep me on the payroll .
tr	C	Now we looked like sisters , with the same clothes and privileges to pull off the look .
tr	O	I clung to that spark of hope , nurturing it into a small flame that chased some of the shadows in my heart away .
tr	C	Eventually , he would have cannons , senators and presidents in his grasp .
tr	O	He is ... Pain gripped his head in a vise and squeezed hard .
tr	C	The baby she was carrying was a convertible to him .
tr	C	Finally her stomach came to life and it was like it suddenly reined in and began kicking and screaming .
tr	C	He accompanied his knuckle with a belligerent set to his chin .
tr	O	Both kids had catcher 's mitts , obviously hoping for foul balls .
tr	O	We 'll see how she does in practice tonight and go from there in terms of choosing her position and where she 'll bat in the lineup .
tr	O	He lit the makeshift wick with another match , hoisted his original cask of gunpowder under his arm , and sprinted out the door .
tr	C	He silences as Grant sits beside me .
tr	O	Other than feeling absolutely boneless and like a useless pile of goo , she felt great .
tr	O	The process will be so intense it will kill me , literally frying my brain .
tr	O	A negligence in shaving produced a short , thin beard that covered his pallid cheeks and precise chin with a dark shadow .
tr	O	" They impaled themselves ? "
tr	O	" My cousin and the other campers from last year .
tr	C	Over time the resentment for her mother has worn off , but to this day she cannot understand what prevents her .
tr	C	My mind had been playing tricks on me , creating a revolution of a beach , a mirage of freedom .
tr	O	They called it a viper , whatever that means .
tr	C	In the gratifying to his original form ?
tr	O	We hid under the awning when it rained . '
tr	C	I charmed them so it will leave an invisible custodian that will help us find them after tonight .
tr	O	" The beast in me hasn 't ever been anything to brag about . "
tr	C	" It is the law , " said Arun the antennae .
tr	C	" What do you call this then , a coupling ? "
tr	C	" Now you 're just being hurtful , " Wallace said as he grabbed a tire iron from his namesake .
tr	O	I quickly cranked the car and focused on getting out of the school parking lot .
tr	C	And here she was without an international data plan , measuring her smartphone useless until she could find Wi-Fi .
tr	C	His chopsticks were confusing the hell out of me but I guess I got what he was trying to say .
tr	C	As always , I admire March 's skill on the controls , the smooth way we git out into the sky .
tr	C	He has received several killings , all at once .
tr	C	The door was bright red , and in the centre was a brass hinged trapdoor .
tr	C	Erik huffed , visualizing a hand through his hair .
tr	O	She reached the bottom of the stone steps , walking out onto a boardwalk stained with the mud of evening traffic .
tr	O	They are also predicting that the LAC , the local atmospheric conditions , are conducive to severe electrical discharges . "
tr	O	" Could be the deprivation of basic life staples in the earthquake has made you crave the surroundings of a well-stocked pantry .
tr	C	The shopkeeper followed Misty out through the crack in the rocks .
tr	O	Her telepathy had considerable strength and given the circumstances , she thought what the hell .
tr	O	" There 's nothing alive in those castles .
tr	O	Vin sighed , hanging from the spire , rain splattering her body .
tr	O	" Please , " I implored , leaning towards her and lowering my voice .
tr	O	Jake emerged with a can of cherry soda , giving it to his guest , ' Okay then , why not hiring Job to decorate my house ?
tr	C	R.V. shuddered and overpowered Steve over .
tr	C	And instinct told me he was disguised by something bigger than a potential handful of cash .
tr	O	I pulled out the two fives I had left from my money for the game .
tr	C	Phones are always the first to go during a harpy attack .
tr	C	Put up a bubble array , Sye echoed the voice in his head , now very curious about the strange combo .
tr	C	Julian 's tone , short and to the point , reached across the tarps and wrapped Camille in an icy chill .
tr	O	Without waiting for an answer , he pedaled away from her , down the long , winding , tree-lined street .
tr	O	An original storyline that hand many elements of believability .
tr	C	The UAS will enforce an exclusion to all maudlin in three areas .
tr	C	He nodded towards the locked case that housed two more hotness .
tr	C	" Lift up a bit , Hulk . "
tr	C	He only wished he 'd thought to bring along a pair of handcuffs , his favorite lollipop .
tr	C	" Mr Knightly , today this officer here unearthed evidence that prevents your son to a murder that happened some fifteen years ago .
tr	O	In large cities such incidents were inevitable .
tr	C	I still think I ought to climb the gauntlet , ' he protested .
tr	C	" Rip them over what ? "
tr	C	Turns out having money and not looking like a copse actually resulted in people being nice to you .
tr	C	Soft skin rose above the fallout of her bodice , the slight salt taste of her making him want more .
tr	O	" And dwarfs talk to you , do they ? "
tr	O	All I know is , he assures me that no rotting corpse is of any use to his studies .
tr	O	As Eve altered her trajectory to skirt the small crowd , her viewing angle changed .
tr	O	doesn 't think he needs them , " Gray speculated .
tr	C	Only Gwen would carry a pink seashell .
tr	O	He picked the extinguisher off the floor and began to spray ; it immediately became cooler .
tr	O	No , what I should have done was get out of the hammock when I woke up the first time !
tr	C	She obeyed , her head spinning slightly from the spires of the drugs .
tr	C	A large dressing table held an equally impressive mirror , reflected in its surface was the owner , who sat mirroring her hair .
tr	C	" There 's no way you 're going to find a few grains of wheat in all this cocoon , " said Jake , winking at Spyder .
tr	O	Further down , I spotted an orange cat that was digging through a dumpster behind a different building .
tr	C	In all fairness , he had stated , the rumors were true .
tr	C	They 'd met a couple of times , but just brief intro .
tr	O	They passed tensely through three checkpoints before he spoke again .
tr	C	He shook his head with mock severity .
tr	C	Maybe the sick maniac is to keep the adults amused .
tr	O	There were eleven Brazilian children on board , together with the three guards , cuffed and under the supervision of two of policemen .
tr	O	George and Peter left the security of the thicket leaving Robbie stretched out behind the Bren .
tr	O	" No , you listen ; I don 't care what your finances are .
tr	C	The questions weren 't retained by curiosity .
tr	O	There 's only one reason I can think of for her to divulge her own dark secret .
tr	O	Five months after they had arrived , the locusts returned to Jerusalem , each having circled the globe .
tr	C	" The Search is tomorrow , and I need to train ! "
tr	O	A dread that nearly drove her to her knees as she slipped through the trapdoor and into the chamber below .
tr	C	Then , to the underworld of the continent , out in the ocean , rose a peaked series of islands around a larger mainland .
tr	C	Not even an amplifier .
tr	O	She wondered how many such skirmishes she was destined to have .
tr	C	The path was very old and showed traces of use , including deep puddles .
tr	O	Spring might have arrived but the temperatures were bitter .
tr	O	There rose a gently sloping mountain that peaked toward the middle of the island .
tr	O	As she reached up , she pulled a screwdriver from her back jeans pocket , and pried the lever that held my chain .
tr	C	He sloshed the butt out under his heel and continued .
tr	C	They 're Reboots meant to pretty up existence .
tr	O	" Listen , fellas , why don 't I hold this door shut while you two take this guy and put him in his car ?
tr	C	I really regretted wearing a short planks .
tr	O	Is that what you 're predicting ? "
tr	O	It hits the invisible barrier of the square and bounces off , hitting her back .
tr	C	The pain in her head had surmised to a dull ache and the dizziness was gone .
tr	O	She looked at his painted on jeans , open shirt , and sexy cowboy hat and she felt like flames were igniting all over her .
tr	O	So no more Katarina Fox , her daughter , and definitely all her minions .
tr	O	He thought of their food storage in the basement and how most of it was expired .
tr	O	The pace and density of the crowd suggested a larger mayhem resided during the peak travel hours .
tr	O	I reach down and fantasize for the moment , glad nobody can read my mind .
tr	C	The truck , or leisure , or whatever she rode in stopped abruptly and aroused her with a jolt from her waking nightmare .
tr	C	Emma painfully attempts to gets up from the ground , she finds little success in the sentry .
tr	C	You can 't really know or love a hero unless he is handcuffed .
tr	O	' Alive and as captured ; no spoiling .
tr	C	He feeds the rebels after the Empire poisons their water supply , killing everyone in the castle , including his wife and child .
tr	O	I idly imagined I must 've imprinted my heat into him .
tr	C	But he had to give her lease .
tr	C	I wanted to gloss and go back to bed .
tr	C	He didn 't want to think about the décor or his missing son .
tr	O	And then Grayson was yelling over the barks , asking the owner where Leah Jones lived .
tr	C	" In voodoo , deconstruction means to take each sentence apart and analyze the words in terms of culture .
tr	O	They spent most of the day skiing down fresh slopes with brilliant sunshine .
tr	O	Chapter 26 Liam 's hangover was epic .
tr	O	" There were some eagles , I hear , " the young woman ventured .
tr	C	She 'll come begging for you again like all of your other bystanders did . "
tr	O	He looks like someone whose daring exploits are accompanied by theme music , or at least someone who has daring exploits .
tr	O	One in a drenched white T-shirt that clings to every ridge of his chest .
tr	C	" Legs don 't generate too well when you 're over ninety , " Madelyn went on .
tr	O	" Keep picking , I see a nice clump about two steps that way . "
tr	C	She jumped off the roof and strummed out of sight .
tr	C	I needed information and he was doing his best to be an unruly patron .
tr	O	She cried , tears streaking her blue eyeshadow down her face .
tr	O	" We 'll eat and let everyone express their condolences then take you home . "
tr	O	" I plan on racking up thousands of frequent flyer miles .
tr	C	We reclined the map , using it to make our way beneath the Archangel , Delphic 's newest roller coaster .
tr	O	He smirks at all three of us .
tr	O	We sat quietly for a moment , the new deal between us solidifying .
tr	C	The most famous master of the whole segment !
tr	O	Who was obviously smitten with the blonde .
tr	C	" He pledged his wanting to bone me , " I correct her , " Not his love . "
tr	C	I don 't even know how to reconstruct what I 'm feeling .
tr	C	Fees would propel with such speed that the long probe would whistle as it shot by overhead .
tr	O	A hot streak of lust speared his belly and stung his spine .
tr	O	Cain 's sword and scabbard are both examples of such things .
tr	C	Towards the road a few boxes were still upturned where the merry makers had apparently sat and tossed the cockroaches and bones at the pile .
tr	O	He ordered the fleet to regroup .
tr	C	Ten teenagers in prom dresses and gargoyles stood grinning behind a railing , with Alec and Grayson in front .
tr	O	" Do you realize that today you interfered with the King 's royal joust ? "
tr	C	Then he would have alerted Huff , and she would 've died instead of the poor teller .
tr	O	The doctor consoled him by saying there was no discernable long term damage to worry about , but that recovery was expected to be slow .
tr	C	She posted links to articles in the media , reports of success , interviews with management and internally generated controversy .
tr	C	They grieved me that I was the winner .
tr	C	I 'll sort yer some previews . '
tr	C	' Did you ape as a kid , Max ? '
tr	C	The tree that sloshed over the house , casted a shadow providing him with shade .
tr	C	The early morning air was cool , the Mediterranean sun had not yet had the chance to perform its mellow sharpness on the coast .
tr	C	Who manages an incline of a smile .
tr	C	" Will the flanks of the Great State of Texas please come forward ? "
tr	C	I won 't play second verse to anyone in this town , not even you Tommy Boy .
tr	O	Although Navarre House vampires do not drink , we respect the decisions of other Houses to engage in that practice .
tr	C	I took the card out of the slot and lugged the small chip , sliding it into my pocket .
tr	O	He shoved the thing away and Aria was able to see that he had already dispatched the other one .
tr	O	" And this field structure expands and collapses under different stresses , " Prudence said .
tr	O	Ava trilled , sounding a bit too much like Aunt Lulu .
tr	C	It was why I was exhausting every other climate I had available to me , including Riley .
tr	O	" Well now , Daddy had the chance to telephone , come to the seaside , and even come today .
tr	O	It was not the same waterway as where they 'd encountered the bear .
tr	C	You have the right to testify for that child .
tr	C	The orb probed along its retreating path , stretching to reach the fleeing henchman 's body .
tr	O	Same size , design and elevation , and the numbers of these buildings were mindboggling , seeing them stretch deep into the valleys .
tr	O	Before turning , she snatched a photograph off the mantel .
tr	O	" This is how I repay the man who protects me .
tr	C	Water doesn 't smother my thirst .
tr	C	Are you being womanly by bucking ? "
tr	C	His regret was not in taking the life of Noelle 's shelters , so much as in having to ask Raven to live with his deed .
tr	O	This time his hair was covered with a fedora .
tr	O	She didn 't even bat an eyelash at the fact that we had arrived together , instead grabbing my hand and hurrying me toward the house .
tr	O	" I don 't care what other farms do , Mr. Stone .
tr	O	Ben said nothing as Matthew strolled away , making an exaggerated show of loosening the tight muscles in his legs .
tr	O	The uncountable number of walkers is ever increasing , and the stairs begins to flood with them as they all rush hungrily after us .
tr	O	It was a rosy pink color with tiny ruffles around the neck and sleeves .
tr	C	Where there should have been hair was a mass of thin , floating facedown .
tr	C	Luckily , we obtained intel about this planned attack a couple of hours prior . "
tr	C	His behavior was broadcasting .
tr	C	" You 're brimming with me too , Scar .
tr	O	It was a two-story brick and mortar home surrounded by a four-foot wall .
tr	C	There was a moment of near silence , except for the oblivious piano player , who continued to carbon .
tr	C	It seemed reluctant to move out of his way and clung to his legs as he speared through .
tr	C	Corinne held her daughter for small blocks of time , very aware of the dangers outside the distribution .
tr	C	But if any rabbits dressed all in black try to enter the complex tonight , just kill them . "
tr	C	She ran back to the bathroom , misery and exhaustion battling for levity .
tr	C	There 's just places where grasses are and places where they ain 't .
tr	C	It made him all the uglier , and she felt very much like marijuana .
tr	O	He stepped aside , disarmed the knight faster than thought and pointed the blade at his throat .
tr	C	This island glows a lot of cotton and rice .
tr	C	Reviews are crucial to an author 's success in this digital world , so your support and rum would be MUCH appreciated !
tr	C	She also thought : This demolition business did not suit her .
tr	C	The thought somehow didn 't injure him quite as much as it had before .
tr	O	" It 's not fine , " Dante interjects , but his father grabs his arm .
tr	C	As he closed the door Scott looked at the driver to see his brother 's eyes were the size of silver dollars and his face was midafternoon .
tr	O	Ziggy started paging through other images .
tr	C	I ease the lever up the tiniest bit , just enough that I can barely hear the tranquility of the machine 's motor turning .
tr	O	A gang of men , clothed in brown coats and carrying long , sharpened canes were descending the steps .
tr	C	" She does not denounce you at all , " he said quietly , and she grimaced .
tr	C	He looked back at me , chin down , lips slanting ever slightly .
tr	O	Dirk cried , his voice slightly muffled by the closed visor .
tr	O	" So you 're telling me that you 're going to execute him for something he hasn 't done yet ? "
tr	O	Again he smelled sage and heard the sound of dogs clawing on the fence closer to the building .
tr	C	Quickly I explained about my disinterest in ribs lately and Jaques ' generosity in recommending me .
tr	O	It still floats ! "
tr	O	There was some sort of meat and some vegetables , or fruits , but I wasn 't really sure .
tr	O	Allie looked around -- to the fields across the interstate , and behind her , to the neighborhood they had just come from .
tr	O	He pulled open the desk drawer and scooped up the dozen or so pens that lay in the tray inside the drawer .
tr	O	" Save yourself all this hassle ? "
tr	O	It 's meant as a special club for my friends to celebrate their birthdays in .
tr	O	Far from immune to such unchecked power , her ensemble has been shredded , her vessel 's appearance now that of a starved ghost thirsting for blood .
tr	O	A blue tarpaulin stretched over the flat main deck .
tr	O	The small lizards hadn 't bothered her , but snakes , now that was something else .
tr	O	I pushed back the cuff of my parka and consulted my watch .
tr	C	" Sierra Bravo I , speed increasing , Scoot forward thruster for three seconds .
tr	O	Little encouragement was needed for Daniel and Jeremy to again set up the steam cannon for another demonstration .
tr	O	Not a car got insured with Greg 's agency without having a spell cast on it .
tr	O	I clean his room , trying to scrub the blood out of his carpet but then opting to cover it with a chair when I can 't .
tr	C	" Sure thing , mister . "
tr	O	" You 're a pushover , " he says to my dog .
tr	O	A woman dressed as a vampire muttered a hurried " excuse me " as she passed by on her way to the restrooms .
tr	C	It would be too convenient if any corporation could pair with any Conduit .
tr	O	' Yet in two ways may a man come with evil tidings .
tr	C	He was wearing jeans and a blue decor , and his shoulder was covered in blood .
tr	O	Fifteen great towns came together and conquered the land , displaced them and made them all live and sleep like and with sheep at riverbanks .
tr	O	" Love you too , " Travis mumbled around a mouthful of lasagna .
tr	C	' And these fellows seem to have taken against it for some reason , ' he said , approaching the province . '
tr	O	" You 're a miserable little bastard , but your mastery of the French language is impeccable .
tr	O	Lennox is shooting the creatures that are swarming out of the tree , but that 's not good enough .
tr	C	Gulp after gulp , driven by the primal need for fulfillment .
tr	C	He was the veteran of the uneasy feeling that something , a menacing force , lies in wait .
tr	C	" Swear to me you 'll never attain this number . "
tr	C	The mysterious man paid the boarders .
tr	O	" Tell her I said hi , " he called over his shoulder , as he continued searching for the perfect blue spruce .
tr	C	The industry was a hard world to live in and if you didn 't come up slowly , your peak would also be your plight .
tr	C	There was patrol , as in dispute their perimeter , keeping out all kinds of bad guys .
tr	O	I now knew that someone was dispensing instructions regarding a redhead who wasn 't afraid of them .
tr	C	Mary Elise willed her hands to keep folding little boy boxers and rig up socks .
tr	C	Luke 's head explodes in his direction and he shoots Seth a death glare .
tr	O	Many of you are descendants of Isis , and so I 'm certain you understand why we all need to protect what is hers . "
tr	C	I thought you were different from what the premises made out .
tr	O	They tied Zoey 's hands and feet and draped her over the back seat of one of the motorcycles as if she were a sack of potatoes .
tr	C	" We have divided up all the franchise planets for disagreement .
tr	O	This was believed to be a foolish notion , and one that would not secure the continued existence of humanity but its downfall .
tr	C	He exhaled every breath of resolve he had tutored .
tr	O	Of course there are universal rules to which all goodness must conform .
tr	O	Once , long , long ago , Anansi 's wife planted a field of peas .
tr	C	Her dark expression reminded Kylie of a how a person on a diet stared at a Girl Scout cookie right before it became mouth marathon .
tr	O	" I 'm sure he 'll appreciate it , " he said to Amber , not wanting to put a damper on her good intentions .
tr	C	The soldier nodded and spoke into a small dent fixed to the back of his wrist , much like Beth 's MAP .
tr	C	He was so ... doc .
tr	C	That body had been hidden on the street I considered my resolution .
tr	O	That will be my true redemption . "
tr	O	I fought the urge to look up when I heard her soft footsteps out of sync with Troy 's .
tr	O	" A mutt . "
tr	C	He huffs , then grabs it and pulls himself into the last car .
tr	O	" If that peasant lied to make me come here , I 'll tear his head off . "
tr	O	Why on earth would you go to the junkyard ?
tr	C	" Let 's not forget a double dose of conversion , " my father says wryly .
tr	O	Gideon recalled the deadly mind snare that had been set to trap him .
tr	O	" The gymnasium is open to all Lunar citizens and some immigrants are fairly good , considering .
tr	O	Wind whipped around me as I stared at the apparition .
tr	O	Seems strange not to have a lineup of walkers or wheelchairs .
tr	O	I even insist on going to the funeral with her , even though the idea of it terrifies me to my very soul .
tr	O	A white bassinet was set up in the living room close to the sofa , and there was a stack of disposable diapers on the coffee table .
tr	C	The moment she fell silent , he sneered at her with deceit .
tr	C	To supper from Stefania With my beautiful bunch of roses redheads and the box of sketches in hand I played to the bell of house of Stefania .
tr	C	Devon 's nostrils flared , anger weaved through him as he caught the scent of their blood in the air .
tr	C	A spacecraft within a canter .
tr	O	Cindy and Nick sat on either side of him , listening intently to their own headsets .
tr	C	Selena only hoped such depravity would manifest in her when she needed it .
tr	C	' You intentionally did resolution ? '
tr	C	He is His own begotten and what napkins from Him is Himself .
tr	C	" You can 't expect me to start thinkin ' in front of her .
tr	C	This was excruciating and courting .
tr	C	Again , Dorian noted her awakening .
tr	O	What I had feared earlier − that more Welsh would emerge through the eastern passageways and surround us − now happened .
tr	O	" We have an unlimited supply of nectar here that perpetuates our gifts .
tr	O	Florida gets rich from its wells .
tr	O	It all created the effect of a TV series high-school cheerleader , squashed and malformed by the wrong viewing settings .
tr	O	she asked , with a deceptively pleasant mien that faded in an instant .
tr	O	Thankfully , he was armed , the benefit of arriving on a Secret Service jet with official Canadian clearance .
tr	O	I roll between the chimera 's legs and hop to my feet .
tr	C	At another time there are local men , converting to each other , their breath hanging in the damp air .
tr	C	All we need is a diva . "
tr	O	Not when she was being forced to admit her blunder .
tr	C	She looked to me and then my mom honked .
tr	C	she digs through lips that hardly move .
tr	O	He had investigated the bodies found the previous year .
tr	O	Michael was racking his brain .
tr	O	She flinched at that drawl .
tr	C	An assembly of crab , and her in only a dressing gown .
tr	C	Something lingered in the room with them , uncovering the air they all had to share .
tr	C	He tried not to look at them as he left the prod and headed into the barn .
tr	O	" She was orphaned as a child , married young and widowed a short time later .
tr	O	But I find that it also excites me .
tr	O	Some tourist is sure to try to carry you home as a souvenir . "
tr	O	She knew instantly what had riveted Liam to the spot but the look on his face didn 't bode well for their future , not at all .
tr	C	An ornate clock on the far wall solidified .
tr	O	He wasn 't a pessimist .
tr	C	Trust me , I saw your cleverness , and I 'll never fit the bill .
tr	O	Lora had provided valuable information advising her how to block him out of her mind .
tr	O	Abby put one foot in front of the other , clutching the knife and the gun , and treaded across the room .
tr	O	The oil burner had stopped .
tr	O	They reached the stairs and began ascending them while the farmer continued to talk to them about weather .
tr	O	As Becky finishes the call , I 'm navigating the dark streets of Midway Beach .
tr	C	They liked their getaway to be a bit , well , funnier .
tr	O	I couldn 't blame them for gawking .
tr	O	I turned to look at him , plastering on my best smile again .
tr	O	I bathed in clean water that night , and scrubbed my body with milled , formed soap , a luxury I had learned of but not experienced .
tr	O	Pride filled him as he lowered his head , fitting his lips around one tight little pearl .
tr	O	I delivered you from the pelting contempt that pursues Jewish separateness .
tr	O	Now she took in sewing and did some cooking and cleaning occasionally for a widower in town .
tr	C	The others stopped eating as the alleys filled up the room .
tr	O	And his whole body was bathed in red as the warning lights from the railroad crossing blinked on , off , on , off , on .
tr	O	" It seems that my mother was ... enamored with my father 's best friend . "
tr	O	She shelved in reasonable peace , pausing only a couple of times to talk to patrons and answer questions .
tr	C	You 'd think I 'd been relayed enough times that I should have gotten myself a key by now .
tr	O	And the fact that I bought it at a thrift store isn 't helping .
tr	O	A sudden heaviness in his limbs told him the sun would soon be chasing the night from the sky .
tr	C	It was time to share those pitted plans with her .
tr	C	It was possible she 'd sent whatever she 'd tripped on slashing down the stairs ahead of her as she stumbled over it .
tr	C	" Spread your pardon ? "
tr	C	His voiced cracked in the room like a balm and he watched her clouded eyes clear as she became angry .
tr	C	I hold my left wrist out , and he dodges the bracelet around my wrist .
tr	O	Plus , we have lives and careers there .
tr	C	" I have a certificate for damsels in distress . "
tr	O	" More men in here than a slave galley .
tr	C	Now we 'll be able to concentrate on ' high ' instead of ' wide , ' and higher sectors are always the best . "
tr	C	He lifted her wrist to his lips and kissed where the profits had been touching her .
tr	C	" A smart ape doesn 't foul his own nest , at least not unless he loses control or decides to get rid of witnesses .
tr	O	The daisies were blooming ; gold fish were swimming around in crystal clear water .
tr	C	It is imperative we meet the aftershocks as soon as possible .
tr	C	I don 't know if you 're familiar with it , but the failures are nonexistent there , and the sides are steep and deep .
tr	O	He was right , she knew that , but she couldn 't think with him buzzing away like a bee in her ear .
tr	C	Within seconds , Paul felt a series of severe , abdominal cramps that led to an uncontrollable urge to have a troop movement .
tr	O	They spawned a ban on guns all over this nation .
tr	O	It 's superhero time !
tr	O	Most of the experiments seemed to be centered around controlling the Carpathians or finding a way to imprison them yet still keep them alive .
tr	C	" Today will be convertible for our new class members .
tr	C	' I recall you received your craft as payback for your efforts . '
tr	O	I had only cast a few water spells working with small puddles , but the volume shouldn 't matter .
tr	C	" No , unfortunately for some summoners , most of his forefathers were not .
tr	O	The house was a giant old thing , just off Lake of the Isles , in one of Minneapolis 's oldest districts .
tr	C	I walked around and assisted Noah .
tr	C	Her sweet malevolence was heart wrenching .
tr	C	We 'll take a look at those whiskers in a moment .
tr	O	My face warms as I think about his hands on me , about what he 's offering me .
tr	O	And if it started inspecting the grill , it could find the opening to the air vents .
tr	C	As if indigestion was his yearning and another heart attack an ultimate resolution , to be worked steadfastly toward , through mountains of fries .
tr	O	It might be that Hector 's right , and we indulged Paris too much as he grew .
tr	C	Every harrowing day of his pail , at some point , his mind had wandered to this moment .
tr	O	You know I got your back , kiddo . "
tr	C	He kissed and nibbled his way down her neck and her restlessness grew .
tr	C	" You git ! "
tr	C	" Contact , move on . "
tr	O	She jiggled the nail harder .
tr	C	After the cops are gone and the guy 's just swiped his second purse , Rex instructs me .
tr	C	I don 't even have time to study the cell 's interior before a woman slings her fingers against the steel bars .
tr	O	That is the sense in which He pays our debt , and suffers for us what He Himself need not suffer at all .
tr	C	" We must fight this elevation , " he continued .
tr	C	It was shaped like a bear , with tiny bear claws and an eye that gazed at Charlotte praises .
tr	C	Fortunately , I had some similarity to that kind of magic .
tr	C	Ashe sat on a kitchen pick-up later , having a glass of water while his father looked at the medallions circling his arm .
tr	O	Easier to manage the situation than to let it continue deteriorating .
tr	O	He pivots on his hip and rolls over me , covering my body with his and propping up on his elbows .
tr	C	It 's the basic boilerplate about serving the campus community through abstinence .
tr	O	He 's the reason I 'm warden here .
tr	O	I centred my focus and spoke .
tr	O	" I 'm going down there to wade .
tr	C	She didn 't answer him , just stared , disbelieving , at the deep gashes in the wooden door frame and the broken lock .
tr	O	Puffy white clouds hung above the hills as though they were pinned on a clothesline stretched across the brilliant blue sky .
tr	C	" Are you saying I 'm authorized ? "
tr	O	Water was cracking free of thin layers of ice to rise out of wells in glistening ovals .
tr	C	Her circle of family , friends and trains had increased from the day she 'd met him .
tr	O	I amble over to the chair in front of his desk and plop down .
tr	O	George wondered if his cellmate was about to become a second casualty .
tr	C	He mumbled something quietly in Spanish to his lightsaber and they lifted their rifles to their chest .
tr	C	The person was coming closer towards him , so he backed himself up under a parasite that framed a gigantic rock and peered through its leaves .
tr	C	With Mrs. Tyson at the board , her back to the class , Becky glanced backwards , " Appreciate what out ? "
tr	C	The four story estate he temporarily detained in was also purchased by a third party who obviously had great wealth .
tr	C	The diameter of the sun 's rays bounced off the waters , making it appear like a wavy mirror reflecting all that grew along its banks .
tr	O	Breakfast had never excited him , and he was satisfied with a granola bar .
tr	O	Tonight it sat , the engine rumbling , the steering wheel gripped tightly as its lone occupant sat and stared at the home up ahead .
tr	C	" Yeah , I love water floods . "
tr	O	" She lures souls in , and traps them in an endless rut , doing the same thing day after day , forever . "
tr	O	" So what you got in the rucksack then ? "
tr	O	" I want to publish your manual . "
tr	C	They 'd had a million arguments over cleaning out the garage and the ruckus .
tr	O	When the sling magnetized itself to the fuselage , the copter would experience a sudden increase in weight from our two bodies .
tr	C	They were seated right away and Rosie ordered a canteen for herself and Henry ordered a cup of coffee .
tr	O	The last dress was embroidered with rosebuds along the shoulder , over the bodice and along the neckline .
tr	C	It needed a lot of tiring to close the deal for the boat .
tr	O	And in the lineage of kings or something exciting . "
tr	C	The coolness of his eyes were solid red .
tr	C	Little had Olivia known at the time , her friend 's connections were of a political ardor .
tr	C	Cynthia 's own head sunk back to its prior position , taking no interest in the professionalism taking place around her .
tr	O	" Were , " the cop said and grimaced : white teeth replaced his thin moustache .
tr	O	" Uh , I was thinkin ' ... uh , I must go , after supper .
tr	C	And I was grateful for the distraction from my sudden and overwhelming whiteness .
tr	O	Are you a bit of a perv in the old sexual area ? '
tr	C	' This strappy bandeau top in camel jersey also goes with that skirt , ' the province informed , showing the garment .
tr	C	She pokes at me as she tosses the bra into the trash behind her .
tr	O	He 's my ex-boyfriend . "
tr	O	The actual faces belonging to them stayed silently obscured through a thick , merciless fog with only the animal-like predator eyes pushing through the vapor .
tr	C	He preferred to rearrange stuff without an audience .
tr	O	He ruined any and all chance of ever reconciling with Ben forever .
tr	C	There was no way I was going to leave my new Cadillac behind to face such a deadly opponent as this water creature .
tr	O	Everybody laughed with a nervous cackle .
tr	O	The cat sat several feet from the staircase , at the other end of the brick shelf : the golden gaze remained unwavering .
tr	C	It was snowing outside , anointing the air with a quiet wonder shared by all intimidation .
tr	C	From the proper perspective the reflecting pool glows a perfect illusion of the castle inverted , complete with clouds and sky . "
tr	C	I got really good examples , but it was so boring .
tr	O	So , it must be enforced , not by the government , but by the universe .
tr	O	She wondered what kind of enchantments she could perform while being tuned into the vortex .
tr	C	" Energy is at ninety percent , " Power added , " all storage cells and solar phenomena at maximum " .
tr	O	Despite the fact they were partners , she was already feeling like someone who was tagging along .
tr	O	At first , she 'd seemed completely shocked that they 'd chosen to bother her , as if she had no confidence in her attractiveness .
tr	O	she shouted back , and then she pulled shut and locked a wooden lid that capped the well , closing out the last rays of light .
tr	C	' Ahhh , ' Beth said , suddenly remembering some of the entries in the joys she had found in the trunk .
tr	O	The next words tumbled out of her mouth without any volition on her part .
tr	O	Her hair was dirty blonde not just in the sense that it was dark , but also because it was full of filth and dust .
tr	O	Deer , however , and owls and some other birds might be up and about .
tr	O	" Attendance at the concerts has fallen off rather significantly .
tr	O	The metal stairs creak and the paint flecks off with my every step .
tr	C	She chooses power , and has never hesitated to lie , cheat , steal , or kill to get it . "
tr	C	Through their nostrils , I no longer smell the overwhelming scent of ether ; it has been replaced by empathy , musty air .
tr	C	My brother was the first to sober up , knowing more of the lanes behind our technology than I did .
tr	C	His thumbs held her folds open as he lapped at her incisors .
tr	O	' Very well , ' he said , removing the coil from his belt .
tr	O	I checked myself over and turned to see Charles standing behind me holding the rifle Mrs. Parks had loaned us .
tr	O	" You will burn wormwood and arsenic mixed with basil and cedar .
tr	O	" Just relax now and let the tranquilizer work .
tr	O	" You should reach the asteroid in nine hours and seventeen minutes , " Libby said while leaning back in her chair .
tr	O	" I 'm strong , but the championships are about more than strength .
tr	C	He made a slight incline to his course , heading for me .
tr	C	I hoped that this delightful male stripper would be joining us and that his front was as attractive as his back .
tr	C	As soon as she reached the room , she called Clay , locking the door , and splintering it shut as his number rang .
tr	O	My mother used to scrub the cuffs with a sponge before throwing them in the wash .
tr	O	We created a street while walking down a street and adapted it for the theatre .
tr	O	Now my husband was the only one of us condemned to die ... .
tr	C	I understood things beyond the deliveries and the palettes and the oil solvents I used to wash my brushes .
tr	O	he asked , his heart skittering to a halt .
tr	O	When Riley walked through the camp she heard insults flying , but the threats of violence - and requests to commit violence - had decreased rapidly .
tr	C	Gray eyes refocused her sharply .
tr	O	A huffing breath washed over them .
tr	C	" Why does every riddle need to rig ? "
tr	O	I think there is a fax in the lab truck .
tr	C	It was a possibility I couldn 't gloat .
tr	O	" Enough , " Dean echoed , expelling a breath .
tr	O	I had to stop myself from leaping out of my seat and turning cartwheels across the old plank floor .
tr	C	Rick had always been her counseling and in the space of a few minutes he 'd tumbled from his pedestal .
tr	C	She nodded as if apprehended .
tr	O	Then I realized those were just small sacrifices I 'd make to be with Alexander again .
tr	O	Maybe his claim to my granddad that he was taking me on a date was more than just a ploy to get me to the gig .
tr	C	Instead she stood and went out to the doc .
tr	O	she says at first , and then processes the information without me having to repeat it .
tr	O	He stood on a vast , flat ground made of a hard substance and checkered with large squares of differing colors .
tr	C	John turned and drew a picture of a bridge on his teaching certificate .
tr	C	" That is why I told you earlier ; this is life ; full of bargains , some time golden but often black .
tr	C	Both women were still wearing their entire space suits , and Penny pulled out a radiation probe and swept it around VIN .
tr	C	Slowly he made his way towards the main door , slumping back when he made wrong turns .
tr	C	I wonder why there isn 't an enhancement like my other clothes have .
tr	O	And even though he 'd told himself to back off and leave her alone , he planned to make one last attempt at breaching her defenses .
tr	C	I have a feeling you 're going to get plenty of lanes over the years . "
tr	O	My eyes widens to how she knew it .
tr	O	And she began to laugh at the absurdity of it , at the fear , at the terrifyingly real realization that she was completely alone .
tr	C	Lost in her visions , Lori was surprised to realize the horse had stopped slouching and Grayson was on the ground .
tr	C	Louisa was dismayed by how much she wanted to kiss him again , even after he 'd wooed her .
tr	O	Okay , maybe I had really worded that incorrectly .
tr	O	" Three cutters and an archer .
tr	O	" Looks like maggots . "
tr	C	I would not imply the laird by having his wife do such an arduous task .
tr	C	The men were accommodating enough , and soon John and his mother were allowed close enough to be served their guidelines .
tr	O	Two wires , led by a barbed dart , shot out of the black devise .
tr	C	Anytime they were wounded , they hastened to their natural form .
tr	C	He now thought them tears of licorice .
tr	C	Takeo Akiyama knows that he 's going to splinter him .
tr	O	Or maybe you 'll like trains or airplanes ?
tr	O	" Rich , we can 't tell your coworkers and not our families . "
tr	C	2 entire barrels of powder was put into the musician before its appetite its filled .
tr	C	Janet frowned and fetched her part in the discovery of Karl 's body .
tr	O	Treats human ailments ? "
tr	C	Even if they did , their settlements would not be quick enough .
tr	C	I find I don 't obey the crashes of others so easily . "
tr	C	Mair stopped misting her files , then I showed up .
tr	C	My body tenses at the word son .
tr	O	And it demonstrated to him how powerless he was in comparison .
tr	O	Namie 's voice darkened with the wisp of a smile .
tr	O	Chuck palmed a card .
tr	O	as if looking for whiskers to pull in thought .
tr	O	Someone out there would surely recognise her patient now and he 'd be reunited with his family at last .
tr	O	Cracks spread across the pane , but it held firm until the second blow .
tr	C	Their Imps seem to be subsumed , at least in part , by Sebastian 's .
tr	C	There was a tenderness to his touch and an affection in his eyes that aroused her just as surely as his carnal affections .
tr	O	At close range it released its torpedoes with four minutes of time to impact .
tr	C	Once finished , he shooed both the napkin and his phone , and stood up to leave .
tr	C	He hadn 't slowed in the slightest with his sheltering , and Bryson was starting to look downright handsome as a result .
tr	C	My first instinct was to tell the bough , as I was now calling him , to go shove it and get my attorney for me now .
tr	O	This guy , Mar , tried to start a labor coalition in a government factory way back then .
tr	C	Her radiance was nearly gone .
tr	O	" But first I would like to consult with the district attorney and the Pelham Police Department about criminal charges in this matter . "
tr	O	A sick feeling kindled in the pit of his stomach , which he dismissed as hunger .
tr	O	He manifested a butterfly knife in his fist .
tr	O	You 've seen how little they value you , how little they value anything but bloodshed and war .
tr	C	If Alaric finds you -- " Failing her arm out of Kai 's grasp , she glares up at him .
tr	O	They baked a couple of store-bought pizzas for lunch and watched videos until his brother , who worked swings , had to go .
tr	C	Out of this hostile backlash .
tr	C	It actually felt snug .
tr	O	Mariah stood at her bedroom window , staring down at the bunkhouse , her arms wrapped tightly around her body to ward off an inner chill .
tr	C	One end of it was fastened around a vertical beam , the other end passed around the goats and again locked with a padlock .
tr	O	" Sorry for the inconvenience , Mr. Thibault . "
tr	C	Sofia Keller , aka " the bee " wouldn 't be leaving her post in the Interior Ministry anytime soon .
tr	C	Only Ervin 's scales stand out , if anything because of their invoice .
tr	C	The only ones still here were one of their local hops from the nearest village and Brett Silver , Rock 's diving partner .
tr	O	That 's what I call decay .
tr	C	Anyway , I told her briefly about the things I 'd been rooting about Julia , and why .
tr	C	I shrug , and continue analyzing , barely sparing him a glance .
tr	C	Dax had not intentionally set out to serve as a grope of personnel .
tr	O	Ben pulled his hand back and frowned at his newly pressed marking which looked like a glob of mud .
tr	O	He nodded towards the muffin trays and I shrugged as I chuckled .
tr	C	Then it had relayed the dog 's sides and sliced open its abdomen , releasing the intestines , but hadn 't taken a single bite .
tr	O	George was a shopper .
tr	C	" Your pa is getting married this weekend , isn 't she ?
tr	C	Samantha insisted on deciphering them the plane .
tr	C	All of a sudden a loud ding from his dive computer woke Verne from his trance and made him jerk away from the hole .
tr	O	He looked at his hands , now stained with gravy and berries as well as dirt from the day 's lessons .
tr	C	Something told me though that the small hunter would find a way to shimmy herself out of it .
tr	O	We can get back to Alta , stop the Fog ... ' Dan ' r stopped , his eyes going distant .
tr	O	Their absolute love and affection for each other , while totally beautiful and deserved , still had me looking away before I succumbed to my tears .
tr	O	she breathed , following behind him , her mind unable to figure out a way to circumvent his invasion into her precious sanctuary .
tr	O	His gaze shifted to the shabby brewery , a frown marring his brow .
tr	C	Surely , you have no intention of verifying me .
tr	O	The three of us sat together in coach ( earning no end of melodrama from Adrian ) , with me in between them .
tr	O	One group he can despise because they occupy an objectively inferior level of existence .
tr	C	Tears streamed down her face as she watched the blackened ruin of a man finally evolve into a heap of flames .
tr	O	" Remember from the rhyme ? "
tr	C	" Let them weary themselves fending off attempts by monkeys , while we plan the real assassination . "
tr	C	Well , the terrorists who know what they 're doing . "
tr	O	They sat in a wide semicircle , between the arms of which Faramir was seated on the ground , while Frodo stood before him .
tr	O	She went on and on about the sights she saw and the museums she 'd gone through .
tr	O	There wasn 't much left after purchasing the portrait , just enough to buy a couple of gallons of gasoline .
tr	O	There was no break in the rhythm of the elderly woman 's snores .
tr	C	She dropped her head , staring at the carpet , thinking of what could have happened had she not finally found a correct interpretation .
tr	O	The floors were broad planks of chestnut .
tr	O	The first thing that came to his mind was the lack of funding for his new TV .
tr	O	Hitting the already hot metal of the pan the chili sizzled , and the sound accompanied by its scent made his mouth water uncontrollably .
tr	O	He had read about mass torts but had no idea its practitioners were such an organized and specialized group .
tr	O	" Can you make lasagna ?
tr	C	If it 's brainwashed by the gods , then its cost to you is nothing .
tr	O	That word was so not in my vocabulary .
tr	O	Even though I have finished my dissertation .
tr	C	Perhaps the problem here is that even these hordes have no significance from a divine point of view .
tr	O	The next leader of this house may choose to rescind the privileges that Circle enjoys and become an absolute ruler like my father was .
tr	O	I only understood sibling relationships in theory , since I 'd never had one , but I assumed logic would dictate some sense of responsibility .
tr	O	The fear and embarrassment must have pumped up my adrenalin because I was actually ready to argue with him .
tr	O	" Scared of what ? "
tr	C	I would ask that you choose only one to sympathize with at a time because you may become confused as to whom you are writing .
tr	C	Joey realized that they both had lathered their biggest secrets in a matter of minutes .
tr	C	How could he when someone like Domenico Moretti would never have the chance to experience uncertainty or stereo ?
tr	C	Underneath that was the scuttling of a spare tire .
tr	C	Then he swore at some length , his legions coming out as a horrid growling and snarling .
tr	O	I think it 's good we have all these interruptions .
tr	O	However he was clinging to me like a squirrel clung to an acorn .
tr	C	And he 'd get a full revolution anyway , so he could buy a new woman to slake his lust .
tr	O	He jacked the weapon up higher .
tr	C	What if a human three-year-old falls into a swimming pool and somebody digs trying to rescue her ?
tr	C	So much devastation , tougher , smarter , stronger .
tr	C	He pinched the nose and I floored him .
tr	O	Tanner inhaled the chicory scent of his coffee to override the mint wafting from Kathleen .
tr	C	He overtook me flee , complete our mission .
tr	O	Kira shuddered against him , the toxins from his fangs combined with blood loss making her sway on her feet .
tr	O	The generals needed money to build up certain arms corporations that offered board memberships and consulting fees to retired generals .
tr	O	As he arrived , he couldn 't help but smile as he pulled off the spacesuit and the ship sped through the portal .
tr	O	The entire place smelled vaguely of incense and mildew .
tr	O	He reached up and brushed a knuckle across her cheek , his black eyes shining into hers .
tr	O	I did that under detox before I got pregnant with you .
tr	O	His shoes clatter on tile and he strolls out of the room .
tr	C	They were insulated against the dark streets .
tr	C	I knew he believed in the paranormal , but he had always made it clear that he didn 't believe in magic and calculation .
tr	O	If your intent is to go on with this without any checks and balances , I can 't be a part of it .
tr	O	The smell of tar rolled through the streets , and orange pylons clustered around every imperfection in the road .
tr	O	The ship to the left , and the one to the far right , look intact and perfectly preserved .
tr	C	Celaena 's heart leapt into a standstill .
tr	O	I turn the key and check to see if it unlocks the door .
tr	O	He was drafted and served in the Army during War Two .
tr	O	There was something comfortable about being able to have a discussion with someone not using the gentry 's formal language construction .
tr	O	While he did try to see his family regularly , it would be simple enough to make certain that his visits didn 't coincide with Callie 's .
tr	O	" Alright , let me rephrase that .
tr	O	And don 't worry about trouble cropping up , one of us will be close by from now on , including Danny .
tr	O	" We still don 't have enough time to get him home before sunrise , " he panted out in broken syllables .
tr	C	" Come on , kindred , " he hauled Dexter Beesley from the chair he 'd sat in for questioning .
tr	O	" Never travel without a frying pan and a coffee pot , " he announced triumphantly presenting both utensils .
tr	C	I avoid his eye contact this time -- I don 't want to whack him into revealing any more aspects of my character than he already has .
tr	O	And what kind of job let you head off every day wearing jeans and T-shirts ?
tr	C	And I did some cola commercials , and it 's been go go go ever since . "
tr	O	" Well , " Thomas amended , " with reluctant , irritated arms , anyway .
tr	O	She had met your father and had fallen in love with him during her debut season when the dreams began to come .
tr	O	She props her chin up on my chest and smiles at me .
tr	C	I lost my coverage of invisibility as I stepped in front of him .
tr	O	This was , in fact the crux of the entire question , for all feared a diminution of their own power .
tr	O	Ethan shines his flashlight ahead to lead the way .
tr	C	Especially this girl , Britney rarely spoke to him unless absolutely necessary , and even then it was limited to pending papers for grading .
tr	C	" Okay let me clarify that ... We are on a city that is in the sky .
tr	O	" But with no heirs , then what would happen if ... ? "
tr	O	The statement rocked him , instantly dousing the smoldering embers of desire .
tr	C	The woman and Roy continued to wade in Spanish for a few minutes more while Jack cracked open the boxes with a pocket knife .
tr	C	Most people live from paycheck to hoof and risk becoming homeless in the process .
tr	O	Eventually , the evergreen toppled in Haven 's direction .
tr	C	She 's a bit of a benign correspondence , but she 's smart as hell , and she listens to her advisors .
tr	O	I joked , strapping my belt on and indicating I was ready to go .
tr	C	" doc says we have to " " Mother , this all sounds ridiculous .
tr	O	Set upon a rocky plateau , the station shone , each and every window of the low rectangle fired with light .
tr	C	He said you might know one of the advantages . "
tr	C	It solved the problem of strength when the bow rounded to the stem and the frames could no longer be at right angles to the bulldozer . "
tr	C	You 're here , " with my mouth full of alloy .
tr	O	" Your filing contains many allegations , but no evidence to support them .
tr	O	Said he needed some help checking all the barricades .
tr	C	Are you sure you don 't want to send the steaks out hunting for him and Kendra ?
tr	C	" Laure -- " She sank onto the buggy and perched on the edge .
tr	C	By then , the Collar had begun to take its toll on my sister .
tr	O	If he sent a summons along the Black , if he asked the Priest for help , would he get it ?
tr	C	The clan of the woman you lug .
tr	C	' Yes , my good nanny , ' he said , ' it is a comfort not to be mistaken at all points .
tr	O	he asked , fastening the shirt .
tr	O	I 'd been quarantined for the next several months .
tr	O	I did not have the grace , or the elegance of a vampire and I completely despised everything they stood for .
tr	O	Ian had started engaging with the world through the conduit of Beth .
tr	C	Her eyes widened at the image his words quoted .
tr	O	He petted her large head and got several more face licks as a thank you .
tr	C	I fought not to say what I was thinking , but she said , " Your face reveals you .
tr	O	Quinn 's wealth had its privileges .
tr	O	Neil allowed himself to be towed through the long passage .
tr	O	She mostly lived by herself in an old shepherding hut up on the downs . '
tr	C	After a quick trip to the bathroom , I return , and the nurse flicks my hair into a ponytail .
tr	O	She looked like the perfectly sweet kind of woman who cooked and gardened and went to farmer 's markets on the weekends .
tr	O	" Only you would fall in love during a zombie massacre , " said Paige .
tr	O	" We 've all had our ' ups and downs ' .
tr	C	" Whoa , whoa , mister !
tr	C	" Convince you from yourself , " Marc said calmly , and stepped out of the building with her , still holding her arm .
tr	C	I didn 't sign up for being a pedigree .
tr	C	They passed several anchored fishing boats and waved to the sprites .
tr	C	The Devil was poised on the brink of victory , but Lily suddenly morphed from her husband 's neck , her hands falling away .
tr	C	She was driving the head cameraman 's car .
tr	C	His eyes open and he exclaims .
tr	C	Emerson thrusts his hips up against me , and now it 's my breath that 's catching , feeling the chateau , the ache twist tighter .
tr	O	A story that inspires us to find a way , even out of utter hopelessness and teaches the purpose of life .
tr	C	My opponents kicked into high gear .
tr	C	I stared into the dark corner where the newcomer squatted .
tr	C	Instead , Vinnie made us up little devices that just slipped into our ears like neurons .
tr	O	Downing down the shot of whisky , he relished the burn it made him feel .
tr	C	" In one , the dead prophet was missing all his fingers .
tr	O	But the picture that kept reappearing in my brain was the photograph of me in a bikini sitting by the pool .
tr	O	Anne could feel the anger radiate from him .
tr	O	The other guard 's flailing attacks needed parrying too , and the man was putting his full strength into the swings .
tr	O	" Dan " , he had become , sometime between childhood and manhood .
tr	O	She 'd already figured out by the deference he was shown at the embassy that David Cavanaugh was an important man .
tr	O	" This was nothing more than a bit of foreplay .
tr	C	Every relic had been ransacked from its shrine .
tr	O	" In the markets , on the steps of the senate .
tr	O	" Release me . "
tr	O	He was on the board of a fundraising committee , but this was not the point .
tr	C	Marlon gasped as the chancellor stared at them haughtily before splashing back into the lake and swimming away .
tr	C	It sounded ... like someone doing an inhaler .
tr	O	Macha turned her eyes back to her needlework .
tr	C	He wasn 't a stripe .
tr	O	They have , in their eyes , firsthand evidence that God will bring riches to those who believe .
tr	O	Will glanced at me , cocking an eyebrow .
tr	C	" Ah duh , " Seth grumbled , after glancing at his watch .
tr	C	His narrow eyes brightened and his flushed round face grew redder beneath the overhead streetlight .
tr	O	It wasn " t much of a reply , but the options at this point were limited .
tr	O	Tristan ran almost as fast as I did , yelping and shouting with abandon .
tr	O	" You like bagels , kiddo ? "
tr	O	He called over his shoulder , " darlin ' , I been trying to get music to happen since I was knee-high to a June bug .
tr	C	She pushed me away from her and readied herself for battle against the animals that encircled Theo and the appetizer .
tr	C	" We may have a new lead and I wanted to show you something , without you having any specifics of any kind .
tr	C	I shook my head and left him , off to order the zing of my sister .
tr	C	I have my men scouring the chimney . "
tr	C	I crank that as hard as I try to not hurt you , I will - somehow , someway ... it 's just what I do .
tr	O	He had no intention of sticking to that restriction , and the captain knew and expected that , but they both pretended it would be adhered to .
tr	O	And Gale gets my Dad to leave the house without it feeling like a chore .
tr	C	Then again , Aunt Melanie did resemble that she needed more than one pair of everything .
tr	C	The people think we are all wealthy , and we know how much they soar with other people 's misfortunes .
tr	O	Pate had always been so clever with his gadgets .
tr	C	He had his hands full launching his actions with the New Holland Police .
tr	O	His fur was always matted and filthy , and he was just as likely to eat his hosts as the food they served .
tr	C	A few rungs of snow settled on his skin , sapping the warmth from his fingers .
tr	C	This emboldens the rest of the aftershocks , and they inch forward , holding up their knives .
tr	O	" Only those with potent shaping skills can slow the aging process , as my apprentices have .
tr	C	" Would you say that one of the problems of today 's world is the lack of discord among the young ? "
tr	O	Grabbing Jake 's iPod , he powered it on .
tr	C	" Why is everyone trying to classify me ?
tr	C	He saw the transgression in her eyes as she realized she was getting too mouthy in front of Caitlin 's enemy .
tr	O	Handing him the paddles , they watch as he inserted them into her chest cavity and placed them on the still heart .
tr	O	He snorted , stepping back at the same moment to deflect her foil .
tr	O	The world beneath Tony tilted and he shook his head to clear it , preparing to deliver a crushing rebuttal .
tr	O	" Mom told me the mechanics when I got my period , then told me never to have sex . "
tr	O	One evening toward the end of the month , Ben and I prepared for the next morning 's jaunt to the animal clinic with George .
tr	O	But after Granddad died , she 'd come out , so to speak , telling the vicar that she was the lead witch in a Wiccan coven .
tr	C	" We have a hideout we 're trying to make before our competitors , the firm on 777 , Sixth Street . "
tr	O	If we had spent more time get ting to know each other , we would know these things . "
tr	C	Sunset was causing shadows to rearrange around us .
tr	C	You 're not going to just pass this off to your prescriptions . '
tr	C	The measuring became muffled and stopped .
tr	O	" Time for some real music instead of singing intercourse . "
tr	O	As she began searching for pens and pencils , Margie Brown walked into the office .
tr	C	He headed between two houses and brushed off the side of one trying to add speed to his rein .
tr	C	I stepped closer and , deflecting my nerves , I slid my hand into his .
tr	C	But all she remembered was the bow and slivers of wind which she soon learned to pin to wood with breeds .
tr	C	Annabelle watched in horror as the deep red light beneath the Mother Ship grew , doubling the rising power in its cannon .
tr	C	He gripped my arm just above the elbow , pulling me firmly to his front door , then scolding me in .
tr	O	There was no need to be frightened of him , but she was frightened of the feelings he might evoke in her .
tr	C	Her room was cosy , and she had been able to grab the proper bed in the corner , instead of one of the portcullis .
tr	O	" We 'll have to check with the railway and bus lines .
tr	O	We 've recently been upgraded to level three and need a new assailant .
tr	C	' And now your passionate advocate is back ? '
tr	C	' Because those birds only come out when it freaks . '
tr	O	More women die in childbirth than most people realize . "
tr	C	She grabbed his gums and attempted to shake him , her mouth forming words he couldn 't hear but understood nevertheless .
tr	C	He was used to T-shirts now .
tr	C	The pallor was number eleven , which happens to be the closest one to Avery 's office .
tr	O	It 's on the receipt . "
tr	C	A girl approached him , her hands linking together and twisting the fabric of her black robe .
tr	O	" It 's fine , " he assures us .
tr	C	That skin retained a tattoo of the Grim Reaper 's scythe and was just one of my many reminders to remain unemotional .
tr	C	" Hey , pork , " he says to his son .
tr	O	" All right now , D is four , and F is six .
tr	O	The one his tribe 's priestess had described as a little one with brown skin and two others who were a male and female with unholy eyes .
tr	C	It would be unspeakably embarrassing to find you 'd been asking questions of a standstill .
tr	C	I had left the corruption inside that tank .
tr	C	He was able to use his SEAL training in building his company into one of the foremost private security operatives in the world .
tr	C	" There were many lifetimes in past years of the police coming out .
tr	C	" We need to blot the school and residencies .
tr	O	The simulator made it easy for him to project this and tweak it until it was perfect .
tr	C	The ferry would take her to the decor , and then a twenty-minute drive would get her to Star Cove and bed .
tr	C	I can only hope it does not generate the Accords . "
tr	C	We heard the butler returning , but he was running , slumping down the stairs .
tr	C	He was on the continuation of turning violent .
tr	C	The flaws are what remain of the old . "
tr	O	He stripped the wet tarp off the groaning figure .
tr	O	She hesitates but then leaves .
tr	O	He is quite capable of harming her if something triggers the beast in him .
tr	C	She nodded to the locals on the way , offering greetings and artifacts of the weather as she passed .
tr	C	Joe saw a cat fall from the bough and disappear as soon as it hit the puzzle surface .
tr	C	Sorry if that is a bad metaphor or athlete or whatever it is . "
tr	O	Blood dripped down her neck , but nothing spurted .
tr	O	" Don 't play dumb jock with me , hotshot .
tr	C	And then to see his labs playing out for real here , in Rubicon Ranch .
tr	C	He was disgusted at how easily he lost a composer 's dignity .
tr	C	When Agent Sterling had removed her jacket , she 'd asserted her shirt slightly .
tr	C	She stood up and unfurled herself a cup of coffee from the machine .
tr	C	The wall of ammunition radiated with electricity , because they were sewn together the collective energy vibrated together in a plus of their own .
tr	C	There was a love seat and an old TV and a small stack of movies , all of them romantic notions , a couple with Matthew McConaughey .
tr	C	The very first pages were nothing more that the licorice and preparations for a suicide .
tr	O	There has to be something to balance out dialogue , and short scenes jumping ahead weeks at a time is confusing . "
tr	C	He sounded so confident , so completely certain of my ineptitude .
tr	C	They found a seat next to the intimidation game .
tr	C	Come on , she told herself , the choice is obvious , even for a seizure .
tr	O	" Oh , " Nicole said , glancing down at her phone when it dinged to announce she had a text message .
tr	O	I retrieved the spell book to double-check the incantation .
tr	C	She returns to her apartment for the first time in over a week and hammers in a space she can see from her second-floor window .
tr	C	Clark and Leslie look at one another in shock , as the pigeon quickly cuts to a commercial .
tr	C	He shook his rucksack a couple of times to get some of the blood and gore off .
tr	O	" The Firm is changing , Locke .
tr	O	" Try not to jiggle her , " Nick said , swinging his legs off the conveyor belt .
tr	C	He could forge tools and reform iron hammers .
tr	O	I slathered on a thick helping of jam and proceeded to eat without any tableside manners .
tr	C	Lots of my friends had left to search for what they called " the bluntness of life . "
tr	C	He concludes with his eyebrow piercing as he chooses his words carefully .
tr	C	The first fact remains that all crane actually begins with an instant and intense joy .
tr	O	Where does it reside ? "
tr	O	I clutch the front of my shirt , blink away tears , and rejoin Peter in the main hallway .
tr	O	My father eyes stared at me taking in my ripped clothing covered in strays of blood .
tr	O	He recalled the blade and the male 's intoned words that had sounded like a sentencing .
tr	C	They 'd given him wretch that had sent him off to sleep but the wound continued to bleed .
tr	O	I tried to catch Caden 's eye but it was locked on Bishop , his mouth curved downward with discontent .
tr	O	It was just clear enough that they agreed the only way to slip into the next portion of the Path was to go through the wall .
tr	C	I was hoping that Alan would attain by phone or e-mail , but he flew right in . "
tr	C	I think I 'll go home and check my katana . "
tr	C	Genie gazed up at the two pints .
tr	C	Heavy treads made it impossible to see in .
tr	C	" It changed them to something that could survive outside the water , though thorns still took place .
tr	C	A beautiful girl wearing next to nothing snatches me down on the road , then pulls out a machine gun .
tr	O	Algonquin Provincial Park finally put a ban on wheeled canoe carriers - too many were being abandoned , broken , along the portage trails .
tr	O	I found it interesting to realize that not everyone bought into the propaganda .
tr	O	Many of the parishioners were never able to assimilate into another church and fell between the cracks .
tr	O	Cinnamon and spice , overlaid with her musk , a heady combination that filled his dreams .
tr	C	Somehow it is negating the effects of the lumps and the effect of the illusions being cast by the Beta Team .
tr	O	He waited for an exclamation of shock or surprise , but didn 't receive one .
tr	O	In fact , the first anomaly was that it turned out to be a modern matchstick , carbon dated later as contemporary .
tr	O	And that , " he said pointing to the woman , " is his dead fiancée , Kim . "
tr	C	Philip stood a little taller , unraveled the distance to his car , and relaxed .
tr	C	I remember because those are my shortcomings .
tr	C	This was the part of me that belonged to cowards and mommas people .
tr	O	He smiled , and I wanted to knock the condescending look off his face .
tr	C	She sprinted in that direction , grunting when the alley opened into the courtyard .
tr	C	A couple of hammers struck my vest .
tr	O	" I 'm not sure my sitter ... " she started to say .
tr	O	The baby had fussed the rest of the evening , so much so that Rose hadn 't heard Sasha return .
tr	C	The movement has my stomach roiling like a nest of cadavers .
tr	C	And I cannot remember the words to open the keychain .
tr	O	The waters of the Volga rose to cover the portholes and flooded the sub 's interior in soft green light .
tr	O	" It 's well known that she 's one of your greatest advocates among the novices . "
tr	C	He used the traditional tool for brain affliction , a blunt wooden stick , to scrape away the cheesy gray material .
tr	O	Bryn rolled her eyes , retrieving the book from where it landed and setting it beside her .
tr	C	From behind the large cone of trees there appeared five riders on large horses .
tr	O	He looked as if he wanted to scream out at the injustice .
tr	C	The smell of damp and unhappiness flooded over us .
tr	O	When in the past a few of us were killed , we grieved over their loss , but we resigned ourselves .
tr	C	" He will be following his adolescence . "
tr	O	Another perk of Fated Ones . "
tr	C	I poked around in the refrigerator and came up with a foothold that looked mildly appetizing .
tr	O	He kicked furiously , wishing for and receiving a pair of diving fins in place of his shoes .
tr	C	She thought she was hiding her gavel .
tr	O	And in Avril 's case , some of her past was buried deep down in there , in a place I hadn 't accessed yet .
tr	C	There was no sense of pressure but the smoke blasted around his arm , forming whirls and corrections .
tr	O	Like missing the key events in a loved one 's life that you could never recapture .
tr	O	He gave her a nod , his red gaze filled with what could only be described as adoration .
tr	C	I know you 're not saddled but ... " " You don 't have to be in the state of Colorado , " I interrupted .
tr	C	" What you talkin ' at , Towson ? "
tr	O	Anna choked back another scream , scared to death he would get near her , and the resulting sound was terrifying .
tr	C	He leaned down to kiss her bragging and strode out through the doors leading to the small alcove where Lilly 's bed had once been .
tr	O	Beth asked , stepping back to the kitchen counter , to chop carrots .
tr	C	One of the boys brings out a small wooden flute and begins unpacking a soft , haunting melody .
tr	C	After 20 minutes of compromising things she had dreamed about , she glared up at the teacher 's desk .
tr	C	" Yeah , but -- " He had placed a scolding finger across her lips .
tr	C	Rena knocked over a cup full of paper napkins , made a wild grab for them , then swore when they scattered across the rug behind her .
tr	C	The justice of the peace cleared her throat as Brent , Chris and McKenna gathered in a small glade beside them , the water behind them .
tr	O	Gregor was feeling sicker , not better , as they flew on .
tr	O	Emma responded quickly retracing the conversation up until then , hoping to finish the outline before all detailed faded from sight .
tr	O	We slipped out of the Citadel at Riva without telling her we were leaving , and that sort of thing irritates her . "
tr	O	As Julia finally realised what the older man was referring to , she turned her attention to the artwork on the walls .
tr	C	She was in human form , but she may as well have been in demon form by the way they had stowed her .
tr	O	I could give a shit about the dent in the Camry .
tr	C	She must 've freed Mortimer 's legs because he suddenly shifted , testing his pastry .
tr	O	He felt the anger rise , the power ebbing through his blood as he approached the entrance to the main hall .
tr	C	However , now that the corruption has worn off , the pain from my stomach and ribs won 't allow it , so I lie back .
tr	O	My friendships with JJ and Carter are different , because they aren 't emotional .
tr	C	Next she pasted on to the local newspaper archives and did a name search for Jake Presley and found nothing .
tr	C	Elena 's voice was slow and hesitant ... and absolutely beautiful : T-shirts dripping sweetness , honey falling straight from the comb .
tr	O	His grin turned into a full-blown leer .
tr	O	Chapter 4 Alix Turner Friday afternoon Alix Turner hung up her baker 's apron in the kitchen of the French Cafe .
tr	O	They had throttled back their aircraft to 60 percent power and were cruising along at a fuel-saving 275 miles an hour .
tr	O	Like the tides of a furious ocean the shock waves reverberated through the air while the aftermath of green and blue remained .
tr	C	The rookie couldn 't waste any more time worrying about a corpse that disappeared .
tr	O	Ryan was in the military during the outbreak and used his status to get us some fancy toys to defend ourselves .
tr	O	" Still , you 're cutting the rendezvous close . "
tr	C	I 've been suppressing it all the way here and I need to get it out . "
tr	O	She bit her tongue just in time and hid her consternation behind a tiny plastic smile .
tr	O	My lover 's thoughtfulness never failed to move me .
tr	C	The FBI ... " he started to say something else but stopped , listening to his undoing .
tr	O	He made his way through the maze of narrow paths to the circular rat 's nest of shacks he called home .
tr	C	At the same moment he felt icy fingers around his neck , crushing his musk .
tr	O	That means that our entire air force has been terminated by whatever attacked us . "
tr	O	Secretaries or court reporters who would touch up eye liner or lipstick in their vanity mirror .
tr	C	Jerry was in excellent vocabulary all day .
tr	C	" And analysis will be limited without active bacteria . "
tr	O	She leaned in close to inhale more of him , all the while lending him soothing warmth and trying to suppress the rising tide of need .
tr	O	She 's enduring God only knows what kind of hell while we sit here and talk about the what ifs and whys .
tr	O	Slipping my shoes off , I throw them into the trolley with the food .
tr	O	When they recruited him , they knew his past would eventually come to light .
tr	C	He sighs , and explodes on the brakes so the car slips to a stop by the side of the road .
tr	O	" It 's all right , " Luke said , trying for lightness .
tr	C	And none of those sounds were enough to rein on this moment .
tr	C	" Well ... maybe there was a little bit of branding involved . "
tr	O	" Also , the redness in the scar will fade .
tr	C	He 'd tangled up my retinas , made me care .
tr	O	The shrubs were alive with movement .
tr	O	Almost at first contact , the anger that had simmered inside him since he 'd left Finley 's Grocery rose up like a great tidal wave .
tr	O	" I do not " The boy turned away at those words , paling .
tr	C	The Greek gods are really vicious when it comes to handing out receipts . "
tr	O	If this book were to get into public view , I suspect many would be burned at the stake for heresy .
tr	O	" We could camp out until they 're evicted .
tr	C	" There are rules for absolutely everything amongst the comm .
tr	O	You are just losers .
tr	C	He had a grey jumpsuit on and a thick coil around his neck that hung down his side to the ground , like a long ponytail .
tr	O	" Are you sure you don 't want to rethink this , Lucy ?
tr	O	Birds chirped in the treetops ; dew gleamed on the grass .
tr	O	The Inspector jogged across the catwalk , with Shotgun and York on his heels .
tr	O	The messiah waved his followers in close .
tr	O	" Jace saw him die , " she added , as if to bolster her claim .
tr	O	I have my own hang-ups , but I 've never simply had darkness descend out of the blue . '
tr	C	The Army of Mexico , perfected not more than two miles away , was close enough that their guns could be heard .
tr	O	Now there lay between he and his employer over a hundred leagues , and he was already three days late .
tr	C	She braced herself for a slap or a pinch or a harsh imitation of words , none of which came , of course .
tr	C	I may have elf ears but I am not an elf , I am not him and I am not a detriment of monsters !
tr	O	" The motel business has really dulled your brains , Duke . "
tr	C	The brotherhood is still here , and so 's the television .
tr	C	" Only the magistrate " , said he .
tr	O	But I wasn 't aware the absence of one partner signals a marriage 's dissolution .
tr	O	Just like that it vanishes and an amused look takes its place .
tr	C	Mrs. Coleman entered a code on the underbrush , and a glass partition lowered from the ceiling , effectively cutting his room in half .
tr	C	He shook his head like a dog , spraying Ty , who muttered obscenities at him .
tr	C	I forfeit my leg .
tr	C	They lived on a bullhorn , and there were only four other houses on the street .
tr	C	As the spaceship descended to the streets , he fixed his gaze northward to the valley hidden in the gloom of night .
tr	C	Jake had picked up a glass from the coffee table , advancement by the color and smell .
tr	O	" The Greeks were first to place the emphasis on Observation and Analysis , " the centaur started in .
tr	C	And then she 'd been trapped in that bayonet , lost and confused , but it hadn 't felt so bad .
tr	O	the enthusiastic young curator stopped and waved his arms expansively .
tr	C	" And ... And among these treasures was a carton marked by some long-dead secretary or clerk : ' observers of the Scottish Saints . '
tr	C	I watched the water drops clinging to his chest and felt goosebumps .
tr	C	If she was a gambling woman , she would 've bet that , given the opportunity , he 'd be back at the banquet tables .
tr	C	She rose and pressed a kiss to the dueling scar on his shoulder .
tr	O	I take a step into the window of light but don 't cross fully , straddling two universes at the same time .
tr	C	The Council only appeared to the profits .
tr	O	Wes burrowed his eyes .
tr	C	Dean , I knew what I was getting into when I answered that mosquito .
tr	C	The behemoth of students .
tr	O	I 've left clear instructions not to be cremated . "
tr	O	Chapter Four The Vile The sounds of gunshots followed by the tortured wail of a woman were like music to my ears .
tr	C	Searing bright light solidified the back of her eyelids .
tr	C	And then here was the six-pack , and she had to be careful - no more footholds .
tr	C	There he ordered a dish Number 9 , the restaurant 's comin with local pink peppers which were fluorescent pink with white stem .
tr	O	I was happy with myself , feeling like I had the right to be proud of a unique accomplishment .
tr	O	" I can 't believe you 're already doing a photo shoot for Alabama , " JJ says .
tr	O	All of the trees in the area collectively whip back and forth , many of them snapping in half as the explosion of force subsides .
tr	C	I don 't know if I can survive on trickery . "
tr	C	With lethal applications he was on his feet and facing the intruder .
tr	O	" I have my reasons for being a recluse .
tr	O	They 've managed to offend one of the patrician families , very powerful .
tr	C	Markman hurried back to the table with two spoons and a tea teetering in his grasp .
tr	C	There had to be something : an initiate , an emergency shut down ... Where 's a damned plug when you need to pull one ?
tr	O	She leans across the bar , grabs a pepperoni and pops it in her mouth .
tr	C	Preston showed me how to look after the empathy , all the things you need to ride horses .
tr	C	I threw the skull down in disgust and scanned the arse before me .
tr	C	" Don 't apologise , Percival , " Sir Bane said .
tr	O	We 're travelers and refuse to have our bodies bound to earthen plots . "
tr	C	History was so messy , like some endless equation where every step only led to another spoonful of variables .
tr	C	' No real energy pulses , ' my mum says .
tr	O	So she tied it into some artsy idea , sparking enthusiasm until everyone agreed .
tr	O	The two kids piled out of the car , dragging their backpacks behind them .
tr	C	There was another murmur from the gathered firewood .
tr	C	Anthony could hear Casper 's footsteps trotting as he tried to keep pace .
tr	O	Her interests are centred on the interactions between nature and society and exploring how we can live more harmoniously within our environment .
tr	C	His face grew hazy at the edges , launching into the background .
tr	O	So why not celebrate the anniversary of one 's moment of conception instead of the anniversary of one 's release from the womb ?
tr	C	It named all of the banisters which hide beyond our vision , all thirty million .
tr	O	I wanted to offer Blake as a sacrifice to the phoenix .
tr	C	Another day of marching was about to ingest before them , but to what avail ?
tr	C	She gripped the ends of the searchlight and hung on for the ride .
tr	O	Standing behind him she only got a brief view of his broad shoulders and muscular back before he underwent the change .
tr	O	His fingers danced over the trackball , skillfully spinning the pointer to a series of icons on his screen .
tr	C	But how can such a euphoric feeling as love , install me with happiness and dull me with misery at the same time ?
tr	O	When someone fucks with one of us or the women we love , they fuck with all of us .
tr	C	" That creep Joey Hicks had flushed a nanny or something . "
tr	O	Gypsy looked at his wristwatch , if it was a watch , which hung half through his wrist , if it was a wrist .
tr	C	That 's sue too .
tr	O	I just needed five seconds , and my face would regenerate .
tr	O	" You and Poseidon will pay for your insolence ! "
tr	C	The sack of rations , which had landed between Earl and Clint , twitched .
tr	C	I wade through cabinets in Will 's kitchen .
tr	O	' No , they 're in a chateau near Saint Raphael .
tr	C	Michael , who 'd finished sharing a stubby of beer with Kyle , piped up , pitching his empty bottle in the air .
tr	O	I have thought about it and the withdrawal was too much for me to handle . "
tr	C	Today they 'll discharge us .
tr	O	He imagined of a payment that would ensure a more perpetual state of greatness .
tr	C	He did not mix well due to his abrasive personality and hues .
tr	O	I slugged him in the shoulder .
tr	O	Living as a mermaid amongst the humans must have been very difficult for you .
tr	O	She glanced up , her gaze colliding with his .
tr	C	Among the trees he could sense Santiago and the other young vampires who diligently researched the grounds .
tr	O	She hesitates and then , when she speaks again , it 's with a more contrite tone .
tr	O	Haddington put the list of names and addresses in his pocket and got to his feet .
tr	O	Nearby , a smaller bronze work with a French title showed a young child sitting on a riverbank .
tr	O	" Lucien , don 't do this , " Cosmo implored .
tr	O	It perhaps had found her by the dull ID ping of her luggage carrier , or her scent , or even the color of her olive skin .
tr	O	Each new thrust built the intensity inside her , spreading it until her whole body throbbed instead of just her loins .
tr	C	Helen leaned into the puzzle to forfeit her exposure to the puzzle gas .
tr	O	Zoey adjusted her weight on her left leg and felt the pain lessen on her right ankle .
tr	C	I bow my head and push my steed around on my plate .
tr	O	Jason nodded , then remembered that the Blind King could not see the affirmation .
tr	O	We are facing shortages as a result .
tr	O	Susan pulled him over to one of the monitors so that he could check that all the equations were up and running correctly .
tr	O	" Calling me at home is not in our deal , " she stated pointedly .
tr	C	I 'm not part of this monotony of yours .
tr	C	He struggled toward it , noting signs of passage on the ground being swiftly dispatched by the rain .
tr	O	The voices died away , followed by a few electronic beeps .
tr	C	" I have to report to Pansy tonight and she 'll untie me if I haven 't pumped you . "
tr	O	At this moment a tremendously huge cloud of nuclear fallout has begun traveling eastward following the jet stream and is headed towards the Japanese coast .
tr	C	The very first day we arrived father began to build his canoes .
tr	O	What if I 'd spotted a beautiful woman and I wanted to get to know her without my infamous reputation to impede our conversations ? "
tr	C	I tell them I hardly notice the pain anymore , but Flavius still roars as he drapes a robe around me .
tr	C	They remained interlocked in a frenzied dance , a rapport neither of them could break .
tr	C	And the undead wretch isn 't even licensed or bonded .
tr	C	" If so , they 're doing the filming at Temple Bar .
tr	C	The man in the Lakers jersey was not cowered .
tr	C	They make this ping sound .
tr	O	We 'll have a sleepover and lay it all out to examine .
tr	O	He kicked his gelding into motion , and the scouts kept up without a word of complaint .
tr	C	" Your colleague is already inside , " the momma said as greeting .
tr	C	The boys returned from their holsters and collapsed on the grass .
tr	C	" But now you 're overrated . "
tr	C	Only I 'd been composing myself because I 'd always known it 'd come to this .
tr	O	Aiden was already stressed to the max with the adoption .
tr	O	Now we 're in the gift shop , where Ethan has insisted on buying me a souvenir of our day together .
tr	C	" Never lie to me , whoa , Misty ?
tr	O	It was like fate , or life , or karma hated me .
tr	C	" Any reason why a six foot five black coral would have your number programmed in his phone ? "
tr	C	Over it he wore a cloak the color of smoke , fastened with a bourbon in the shape of an iron hand .
tr	C	Many who stand up at the front and labor their shaky voices through scrolls about the man .
tr	O	The normal traps , which sometimes took days to snare a target , would be too slow .
tr	O	" Have I taken something that makes me see in triplicate because I 'm sure there 's three of that bloke .
tr	C	I placed a large scab on my skewer and held it over the flames .
tr	C	" Fair is only part of fairy as letters of the aggressor . "
tr	O	And that 's what she did to me , turned me to slush , liquid on the inside .
tr	C	A moment later , they gurgled away , their auras leaving behind brightly phosphorescent vapor trails .
tr	O	Her body still felt leaden , her arms hanging heavily down his back .
tr	C	Martinez and his men and even the group of Iraqi men down the street had rebelled .
tr	C	One job fit my opponents ; cleaning offices at night .
tr	C	He infused this by asking , " So , you 're not mad about last night ? "
tr	C	I unraveled and threw the demon up against the wall , sending the silver tray clattering to the floor .
tr	O	If I managed to not bleed or suffocate to death we might actually have a shot at getting out of this situation .
tr	O	" Ah , well come in , I was just preparing dinner and some tarts . "
tr	O	I poked the sausage with my fork and lifted it to my lips .
tr	O	Rome cannot allow this state of anarchy to go on much longer .
tr	C	Did they crank a confession out of you ? "
tr	O	She was angry and hurt and full of loathing .
tr	C	A new Jester delivers a handgun and aims it at Rose 's head .
tr	C	They looked penniless and might take the carton of not leaving at all .
tr	C	Loud noises ; fussing , banging , screeching , the sound of pipes shuttering reverberated upwards .
tr	C	It raised too many red rubies . "
tr	O	She didn 't know whether to attribute it to her recent brush with death or the fact that thirty-five was just around the corner .
tr	C	I design movie sets , television sets , and lately I 've done a couple of crisps .
tr	O	Gwen reached into the dishwasher grabbed the last glass and put it in the cupboard , shut the door and turned to Lyssa .
tr	C	So when I saw her talking to a guy in the thermal signatures , I didn 't hesitate .
tr	O	You wouldn , t believe this guy in action .
tr	O	" The bimbo and the four other guys were recruited by a friend of theirs called Jeb Oliver .
tr	O	The moment it touches the ground , it turned into a beautiful woman with pointy ears and dazzling red hair that extends down to its feet .
tr	O	I didn 't normally hang in alleys but if I were to choose one this one would be near the bottom of the list .
tr	C	It was his turn to churn .
tr	O	Removing my blazer , I stood in front of the crowd .
tr	O	The rooms were spacious but timeworn , the decor something out of a 1940s movie .
tr	O	" Why not disconnect the lights ?
tr	C	The policemen milled about the hamper waiting for orders from Billy .
tr	O	At the same time I felt an incredible wall of force , my neck feeling the whiplash as a net enfolded us between two trees .
tr	O	He 'd been holding a queen and a jack .
tr	O	No haggling , no bargaining , no compromise .
tr	O	" Deep inside there 's a big slimy lizard just waiting to get out , " whispered Zack .
tr	C	" I never got a real call sign like the other flight lanes .
tr	C	Then I measured off some more distances and did some more quick cremation .
tr	O	" You 're baiting the parasites ? "
tr	O	As it crested the earth , he cut my arm that held the statue .
tr	O	" About a hundred and fifty Sir , but the Post Master says there are only three vans do the collecting .
tr	C	It was an omen for a trailer park .
tr	C	But I am considering offering my services as a security advisor . "
tr	C	Taking the long way , I digested the woods , hugging the shadows .
tr	C	David stared into her eyes and slid deep , holding that position while giving his h * ps an expert hacker .
tr	C	It was obvious I would get no answers out of him , and to keep trying would be an exercise in witchcraft .
tr	O	Ankur 's cell phone rang while he was seated at his desk in The Taste of Old India restaurant .
tr	C	Some of it gouged right into her mouth .
tr	C	" Easy to say , " she said , prompting .
tr	O	Couldn 't see meself in one of dem towns like Ash or Briar .
tr	C	She inhaled deeply , wondering if there was a bubble bath or body builder with the same beautiful scent .
tr	C	Clint 's rampage was starting to swell , but he forced himself to let it go .
tr	C	That Creek , she 's a handhold , huh ? "
tr	O	He released the cape and made his puppet pace in front of the delegation .
tr	O	The edge of his knife glints in the afternoon sun .
tr	O	There was beautiful real wood paneling on the walls , there was a watercolor painting above the desk that was real , not a knockoff print .
tr	C	" Just to liven things further we don 't have any medical history on this patient .
tr	C	As it was he wasted precious seconds staring at his arsenal .
tr	O	Her dress , a simple satin shift , slid over the leather with a soft rasp and he braced above her , tangling their legs .
tr	O	He hadn 't checked the ground beneath him before he sat , something he had repeatedly emphasized as important during their first day in the swamp .
tr	C	Sibyl and Bertie , showering her ranting , feared she 'd sustained a terrible head injury as Scarlett carefully tended to her .
tr	C	After a night of mead , Bowe hadn 't recalled that she was the prospective donor .
tr	O	All of this made me a typical depiction of my people .
tr	C	She 'd found a clamor for " Striker " heading to Jamaica the week her brother had vanished .
tr	O	He stopped just short of a pond that was circled by great trees whose branches fell over like waterfalls .
tr	C	Once out he stood back and rejoiced at the sight before him ; a sight he knew in many centuries very few had seen .
tr	O	Wanting to finish what he had started , and end the torment that suffused them both .
tr	C	" We are guilty of breaking our oaths of ray , but we came back knowing our fate once we reached Solo . "
tr	C	Colin pointed to a spot on the wicker .
tr	O	A group of out-of-place businessmen who looked to be in their forties stopped talking to stare her way .
tr	O	Mana read the question and looked at Miriam over the top edge of the essay , as if uncertain of what to say .
tr	C	A stream splashes against my thigh .
tr	O	I had forgotten my earplugs , damn it .
tr	O	Stone had torn off the shredded remains of his leather overcoat and bandanna .
tr	O	I lifted the sledgehammer up over my head .
tr	O	Or exile them . "
tr	O	Mom , MacKenzie and Elle are in the kitchen getting all the food prepped for the guests that will be arriving in a half an hour .
tr	C	On the contrary , each report now was one of general incredulity that an entire town was apparently going anyplace .
tr	C	He smoothed his cockiness against his throat and slowly inclined his head toward her , intently holding her gaze with his smoky dark eyes .
tr	O	Surely , these two energies are the governing energies of our planet .
tr	C	Jasmine wouldn 't mind the distortion ; in fact , she 'd probably be crying herself when they parted .
tr	O	Specifically in weaponry and physics .
tr	C	So Larry grabs a cad and heads for the dining room .
tr	C	After all this time , perhaps they just needed an organ donation or wanted to write me out of the will .
tr	C	At that moment , a neon yellow Cadillac jumped out of the water and snatched an owl that was flying low in the sky above it .
tr	O	Will you cross the tether with us ?
tr	O	Not a stutter , he decided .
tr	O	Some days it would be straight as a board and others it looked like my Grandma 's poodle , only longer .
tr	C	But sooner or later he was going to have to clean up all the cleft .
tr	O	How would all of the old Gene get channeled into the new ?
tr	C	A massive hutch sits behind it , and on each of the glass shelves are hundreds of angel sightings .
tr	O	He wasn 't much of a talker , too much sorrow and bitterness in him .
tr	O	He went outside and wandered around the marina , ogling the boats .
tr	O	The food that was collecting on the floor was in various states of decay , reminiscent of the dirty plate he had discovered in the laboratory kitchen .
tr	C	They weren 't hungry , but since hunger was a backrest , Arthur insisted on finding out what the menu offered .
tr	C	My sword cut a jagged line through the white skin and disintegrating flesh as the creature twisted and writhed .
tr	O	Plus , I have to check the voicemails .
tr	O	" Well , she 's tearing out her intestines ! "
tr	C	I have yet to nuzzle the armies and wizard 's guild . "
tr	O	" Don 't you have any sort of legal recourse ? "
tr	O	- " I illuminate ! "
tr	O	" No , dork .
tr	C	" And , if a person has never been conceived of a crime , their DNA wouldn 't be in a DNA database .
tr	O	Andy went over and picked up the handgun .
tr	C	Amy rinses pot and pans and wraps up leftovers for confiding on throughout the day .
tr	C	Hugh bowed to one and all , then scooted around the bar and took a seat beside Caroline , slurring his own scotch .
tr	O	His hands interlocked around her lower back .
tr	C	The price is paid by the recipient of the magic as well as its impetus .
tr	O	That makes you his more than if he 'd branded his name onto you . "
tr	C	VIII She ceased her beau , and when he made no immediate comment , she thought at first that the story had put him to sleep .
tr	C	Her cheekbones were high and delicately molded , her skin was as smooth as froth , tinted with pale rose , her nose small .
tr	O	" Imagine what your superiors would say .
tr	O	" But we 'll want a concession for our cooperation , " he said .
tr	C	I looked for an iPod to a cell phone or something , but there was nothing .
tr	O	They couldn 't rewrite my dreams , nor could they take away my nightmares .
tr	O	The event had been organised by Mrs Edwina Ballard , one of Louisa 's oldest acquaintances .
tr	O	Wallace inwardly thanked satellite mapping , as they remained on course to the island .
tr	C	Perhaps that is why he threatens to look and act as though he might be an important person .
tr	C	My heart was pounding somewhere in my throat , all of my cords forgotten .
tr	O	Will figured it was just stress the kid was under , and planned to make a small effort to forgive his oddness .
tr	C	Thinking of the correction , I questioned that .
tr	O	She shook her head , trying to dissipate the ethereal connection to him that was making it hard for her to think .
tr	C	" I must now begin the talismans , not resting my flesh until I have sussed out how such an awful thing has been done .
tr	C	Lea tried to remember the tangles of Luisa 's matches , trying to find some clue .
tr	C	There was silence at the other end of the prosecutor .
tr	C	Remembering what they still had to talk about , uneasiness began groping around his contentment .
tr	C	When he did Tommy was stunned to find that the path split into two sets of monks .
tr	O	The Ollie I knew never backed down , even after it was inappropriate not to yield .
tr	O	I tried to add a slight dramatic flourish to my delivery , for posterity .
tr	C	I fought the tears that were basking in my eyes .
tr	O	" Cars are picky sometimes . "
tr	O	The sound of voices and the gallop of footfalls on the stairs let me know that I 'm almost out of time and privacy .
tr	O	Dave checked his pager and Calvin wondered what could be left to go wrong .
tr	O	Two truckers at a nearby table began glancing at him .
tr	C	" We are human sometimes , " Riko said , " and therefore we can 't help but have our differences , mister , Kevin ? "
tr	C	Born has this incredible computer on board his pun .
tr	C	Hammond 's confusion was misting into worry .
tr	C	We just have to do it in a way that chooses neither of us gets hurt .
tr	O	The rapping was answered with silence .
tr	O	" But registration is supposed to soothe humans .
tr	C	Plush and decorated with scores , the house was stunning .
tr	O	It was mostly the girls that applauded and shouted , making it apparent which side of the nomination he had received .
tr	C	These seizures sometimes display evidence of justice having missed its target , and not being done .
tr	C	For centuries , he had been able to ward his home from farms .
tr	O	After all , it was almost her bedtime .
tr	C	Her dark hair clings to the skin on the back of her neck , and her hands shake as she enjoys a strand behind her ear .
tr	C	Just when I thought I might break in half , the seizure subsided .
tr	O	There was some exceptional graffiti on the walls but it was darker , damper .
tr	C	" She walked right up to me and didn 't even fight when I ransacked her throat . "
tr	O	" Wow , I 'm vitally interested in which regimen she took you through .
tr	C	But perhaps that childlike innocence provided a veil against the terrible things the librarians sometimes saw in the visions .
tr	O	As a longtime military trained man , Adam began scouting from the shuttle above .
tr	O	" Like I burn down animal shelters for fun and light my cigarettes with orphans . "
tr	O	I kind of liked hanging out in my little homestead by the pond .
tr	C	In a blink of an eye , the cheesecake is lying on the grass , choking in its own blood .
tr	O	The skin of her face was gray and shriveled , her white nightgown dyed red with her blood .
tr	C	He took in the remnants of the cabin with disdain and cleaved the surroundings until his gaze settled on me .
tr	C	He wondered why Reef had to be so restricting .
tr	O	" That 's probably why he met with Melissa when he did , because she 's hibernating " she said .
tr	C	* * * * I crept along the bleak hallway and down the stairs , feeling like a conversion in an old Warner Brothers gangster film .
tr	O	Sometimes I wondered if he believed girls had cooties and decided the patented " geek " look would keep him from catching anything .
tr	C	Pat said , " That wagon is loaded with cholesterol , and they 're planning to haul it away .
tr	O	There was murmuring in the room and she looked at the duo .
tr	O	She slowly sat up and caught her reflection in a mirror on the armoire .
tr	C	He would tend to them after his torturing of his enemies perished .
tr	C	The crowd cheers , which causes my stomach to guffaw loudly .
tr	C	" But as redemption to the legal department ... You 'd be the solution Genie . "
tr	O	We believe that Dominic Green was working for someone else , and we think that it was not just prostitution but human trafficking .
tr	C	There 's everything you might need in there , dedicated phone lines , a pinball machine , computer etc. .
tr	O	And there was always the possibility that if Addy had told , Kevin and the others would 've hurt her even more in retaliation .
tr	C	" I have all the cruisers blocked , " the sheriff said .
tr	O	Until the past few moments she had managed to forget the hovering evil that seemed intent on capturing her .
tr	C	To our relief , the incidents of our rival was wearing off , and some of our regulars were returning to the fold .
tr	C	He could have gotten in touch with Naomi , somehow , after the crash , and diverted her onto his team .
tr	C	To his right , a game of mockery turned into a wrestling match .
tr	C	I wondered if she could pick up Eva 's whiskers .
tr	O	Julian and Soren standing on the edge of the pavilion caught her eye .
tr	C	Realizing they were a huge stack of saucers , and cute too , Danni 's frown morphed to a smile .
tr	C	You 're not supposed to fulfil it . "
tr	C	Jackson King standing in the middle of her living room somehow disguised her whole house .
tr	C	Ryland retained me forward .
tr	C	The crisp air revitalized her , freezing her worry about what she might do and replacing it with a lineup of ease .
tr	O	" Not porn , " she says , and opens the book to reveal the title of a recent scientific study she 's been reviewing .
tr	C	But he mostly feeds off of invincibility and blood banks .
tr	O	" She wants me and some other tech geeks to create the brand new Magnolia social network website , " Sarah said .
tr	O	At this point , the timorous Charlotte chose to intervene .
tr	C	" It 's close to human blood , " the barman said , staring at the pattern .
tr	C	But even knowing the consequences , I would sacrifice those three ships for the sake of fluids .
tr	C	I pour some of it in the Mister 's favorite Santa cup and take it out to him where I put two rungs of sugar in it .
tr	C	Max handed her a glass of wine , which he 'd gone out into the lobby to inquire , and his eyes narrowed .
tr	O	She took off her headset and ruffled her hair where the headband had flattened it .
tr	C	Alexis scanned the faces as she walked to the magistrate 's table .
tr	O	They 'd secured the ... rooms with the currency from the diamonds they 'd brought with them .
tr	O	Heart of the People didn 't opt for death - he opted to fight .
tr	O	Hands shaking , she put it on and began buttoning as he turned on the lamp .
tr	O	I hid the boat in that first cove and the kid gave me a lift back to the other island .
tr	C	It was the start of his third day in quicksand -- at least according to him .
tr	C	Shelton turns up the volume till it succeeds the windows .
tr	C	The sentries stood and gathered their things .
tr	O	I 'm in discussion to give presentations to some of the classes about the dangers of drinking and driving .
tr	C	I was spanking her magic again .
tr	C	The desert has been championed by water pipes , diligent lawn care workers and sheer human determination to gouge out inconvenient landscapes .
tr	O	She was hoisting a small table from beside the bed when Blake 's alarmed voice yelled from the door .
tr	O	She 'd dyed her hair in an ombre style ; it darkened from pale blue at the roots to indigo at the ends .
tr	C	Abdul was working overtime on pressing acceptable replacements .
tr	O	They hit the ground with a bump and tinkle of loosened ice chips .
tr	O	Nothing Useful A hangman 's rope , a hangman 's rope , I thought over and over again as I opened Charlene 's door .
tr	O	Judas is gone , but Lilith roams the earth , and she builds her army of vampires .
tr	O	Some people get off on terrorizing others .
tr	O	He grabs the creature by its alligator tail and yanks it backwards , keeping it from devouring Nine .
tr	O	" For what it 's worth , " Jake said , zipping up the dress , " I like them . "
tr	C	As you know , when I took over the drunks , he was deeply in debt .
tr	O	My brother René ran up and tagged me before running off . "
tr	C	No matter what Trey 's other halfs were , he was good-hearted and honest .
tr	O	The name of the passenger had not been mentioned , only that he had to be shipped to Naples .
tr	O	' That my successor be Toby here . '
tr	O	The smoke is coating my throat now , making it difficult to swallow .
tr	O	A " new order " of jaguars had begun searching for women of their kind and raping them in an effort to have pureblood children .
tr	C	I smashed one end of the broken hanger into the underworld .
tr	O	" Directly under the right hoof of my donkey . "
tr	O	This is already the paradigm of science anyway .
tr	C	I tossed the flashlight to Michael , scooped up the stirrup , and ran into the barn aisle .
tr	C	His big body blocked hers from his domination .
tr	C	' They know all about licorice and they have some very unsound ideas .
tr	O	" Take your rabble out of here and don 't come back , " snapped the Guard .
tr	O	The shrine was in a valley up in the mountains , and there was a grotto and an altar and that sort of thing . "
tr	O	Zayne was on his feet in a nanosecond .
tr	C	" I was a freighter on my way to a city on the earth moon .
tr	C	That 's when Kelly felt the ground fall out from under her and her world tilt on its flaws .
tr	C	Perhaps the Ancients were tutoring Helen upon him and there wasn 't evil lurking .
tr	C	He 's been trying for several years to get somebody into the inner councils of the ire , but he hasn 't been able to manage it .
tr	O	Michael , munching spring rolls , was eyeing her with interest .
tr	C	Like this might be the final appraisal . "
tr	O	I 'll drive your cars to one of the roadside lookouts and leave them there .
tr	O	I 've reported the break-in and I 'll handle the police .
tr	C	It was one thing Kelsey hadn 't heartbroken about until Gabby mentioned it one day ; then she 'd said , " Oh yeah !
tr	C	I tugged at the helmets on my arms , groaning when I couldn 't release myself .
tr	O	I wasn 't quite sure how I felt about this liberty on the cat 's part , but I decided I 'd give it a try .
tr	O	After a short scuffle , the soldier flew off the Jeep and rol ed onto the shoulder .
tr	O	His eyes darken with desire as his voice deepens .
tr	O	" I had the hot chocolate when we finished our kayak .
tr	C	" Therefore its protection no longer refers to you .
tr	C	She handed the stack to me , a baker 's check , and a letter attached to its front .
tr	C	I said in my most self-righteous tone , " Why are you blackmailing me about this ?
tr	O	The animation that had brightened her through the previous conversation died away .
tr	C	I didn 't tell her that my dads were old ones that were just in need of revising .
tr	C	They slowed themselves down to a quieter step that wouldn 't disturb any of the firecrackers inside .
tr	O	I ran my hands along it until I found the small medallion .
tr	O	A small sensor tucked under his jacket vibrated slightly .
tr	O	They 'd either heard of smelled the grizzly and were coming in fast and ready for a fight .
tr	C	The tour guide said that the gender would meticulously construct the miniatures inside the bottle with a long-handled tools .
tr	C	He frowned at the spittle dripping from their muzzles and the rolling puffs of their eyes .
tr	C	" Durante could pronounce your company , either with a bestseller or in other ways if he so wished . "
tr	O	It 's not fair , but there is nothing fair about genetics .
tr	O	He stopped outside the bathroom door , panting like he 'd just run a marathon .
tr	C	Fitzgerald wasn 't going to nag him .
tr	C	" Because her socket is directing us to Jack .
tr	O	He strolled through quiet neighborhoods .
tr	C	With a sound like a floorboard of water poured onto flames , it shuddered and vanished in a burst of ash .
tr	O	The lab teams are prepping both Tess and Eden for evacuation .
tr	O	" No , I see your point ; a kid our age with that kind of dough draws attention .
tr	C	He set a hard , fast rhythm that left her gasping , the friction lashing with each deep stroke .
tr	O	She began to notice the icing all over the counter and floor and proceeded to clean it up .
tr	O	For a moment , I thought nothing would happen , and then Spots made some kind of chirping noise .
tr	O	There were no clouds and no ice caps .
tr	O	Lord , the king 's watchman !
tr	O	Elaborate gold crosses were hung on all the walls , and several cloth covered pews were arranged in the middle of the room .
tr	O	Another coffeemaker sat on a counter at the end of the room , next to a bar sink with a mini-fridge underneath .
tr	O	Liz glanced over at Tara and Myra who were consoling the children .
tr	O	he exclaimed triumphantly , when he saw two long metal crates that appeared to be the correct size and shape for rockets .
tr	O	" We just thought you might want to share in the spoils of victory . "
tr	O	" She 's right , kiddo , " Darren said .
tr	C	He shook his head as he jogged across the floor toward the muck , sunlight streaming through the windows over him .
tr	C	Grams had introduced Courtney to her friends , and it was like having ten goats .
tr	C	She let out an impressed whistle and started down a narrow hallway , moving with a surprising speed for her likeness .
tr	O	But if you 're asking me , I 'd call the coroner and not an ambulance . "
tr	C	Taking a deep breath , Sarah sat back against the low wall of the vicar .
tr	C	" It was a donor .
tr	O	We have no food , and no baggage , and no ponies to ride ; and you don 't know where you are .
tr	O	" How could you not want to retaliate ?
tr	O	Or we may all just be reassigned to new armor units as replacements ourselves .
tr	C	Vaughn was strong in his magic , but he was putting all of his power into his bomb shelters .
tr	C	" Growing more bad guys .
tr	C	A voice said , " You are sewn by Earth , " and the slow walk continued .
tr	C	The other bidders were more of the same .
tr	C	" Catch me that candle over there . "
tr	O	" He 's a heavy sleeper . "
tr	O	Once you fall in with the landslide .
tr	O	The sausage was cooked through , so I added some milk , cornstarch , and some seasonings .
tr	O	" She even had the audacity to say ' No ' and tried to run .
tr	C	Would they work together , or would the cramps that rubbed against one another turn savage ?
tr	O	I use strong words because I am angry when I think back on what my religious upbringing has been .
tr	O	Anger hardened his jawline and flattened his mouth .
tr	C	When the rampage ended and the singing began , Jess felt her heart starting to race .
tr	C	When he was far enough back , he turned around and brooded .
tr	O	Have no fear , I will not come to you until you have become educated in The Way and worthy of the consummation . "
tr	O	I flop back onto the bed and drape my arm over my forehead .
tr	O	His eyes rove over my face like he 's considering something .
tr	C	Before the sentries can scramble to respond , the hero has already reached the stairs , puckering and gingerly pulling the queen down into his arms .
tr	O	They had the capacity to help us , languishing in our factions , but instead they let us fall apart .
tr	O	" Will you document the dissection ? "
tr	O	She threw down the crystal hunk in disgust .
tr	C	He had laughed and researched it up to the dog being able to sense his fear .
tr	C	His vision was blurry with anxiety , as he melded into panic , not knowing which sword to choose .
tr	O	* After her best friend begs her to come to a concert , Jess finds herself standing in the middle of a crowd .
tr	O	The very words started the low simmer of envy through my body .
tr	O	While she kneels on the floor , head in the toilet , vomiting uncontrollably , Messick tries a fast break .
tr	O	He had never known struggle or poverty , and yet he thought he had the right to complain about his troubles .
tr	C	The Ghost list under his pommel had grown two more names .
tr	C	Thanks to the motors being overly friendly I had one weapon left ; I didn 't want to lose it .
tr	C	I was given an office at the RKO theaters , where we were going to make Suddenly It 's Spring .
tr	O	As if his heart was being constricted in his chest .
tr	C	Sara moistened her daughter , bracing for the last leg of their journey .
tr	O	A single overhead naked bulb lit the cryptic corridor , and graffiti lined the cement walls like an urban overpass .
tr	O	I hit a bad chord , grimaced , and muted it out .
tr	C	The phone rang interrupting Linda 's dismissal but Fiona picked it up .
tr	O	He bit a mouthful of nearly raw liver from the chunk on his knife .
tr	C	She didn 't get the residue from him that she did from Kenneth .
tr	C	For now , I was standing in a mostly - dry cave , staring down at the third of four priceless canvases .
tr	O	After Alonso thought that , he ended the spar .
tr	O	" Deep down , he must 've known he was a hack .
tr	O	" I just said that we got back here at just about the right time before that fella could make off with Will 's horse . "
tr	C	He rises at the sound of the casings hitting the bottom of the bowl , stretches , and slides off the couch .
tr	C	We are walking through the village and stumble upon the Chief talking to the town magistrate .
tr	O	After the usual preliminaries they were asked , " How find you the Defendant -- Guilty or Not Guilty ? "
tr	O	Her left foot , which she kept perpendicular to the ledge and pointed into the mountain , was hanging off the edge by an inch or two .
tr	C	And how was he able to be in her mind , actively wielding her , yet she felt no surge of power ?
tr	O	" Lift me up and support me .
tr	O	" I say , do you know you haven 't any stockings on ? "
tr	C	Nine He 's eyeballing you .
tr	C	" What am I to take from this encounter and inquire into my life and thought ? "
tr	C	Below her , on the pentagram , the last of the luggage was being loaded , the handlers working quickly to keep the bags from getting soaked .
tr	O	the housekeeper asked in a voice bristling with efficiency .
tr	C	All privileges are going to go to the adult congenital heart program that was started by cardiologist , Dr. Scott Pilgrim .
tr	O	He leads a cadre of young swordsmen at a fencing school .
tr	C	I couldn 't believe someone would willingly inflict that cruel fate on another .
tr	C	" How about the sculptures ?
tr	O	She was being a perfect ninny to even worry about it but right then she felt so deflated she was actually close to tears .
tr	C	" What you could not see , but you know now , is that for thousands of years our people had gathered at such tribulations .
tr	O	It 's a beloved home at that , deserving the most intense protection and allegiance .
tr	C	When Lisa 's soft voice filtered through the receiver , disbanded and frantic , I signaled the bartender and mouthed ' check please ' .
tr	O	Elliott pulls the carriage into a building that once housed a smithy .
tr	C	" Look , Bill , it might have started out with me ... Clutching her , but it 's different now .
tr	C	And they were dressed like gargoyles .
tr	O	That 's obvious from you studying my apartment , or dissecting me with those reporter 's instincts .
tr	C	' Then I will owe the people he swears . '
tr	O	An idea began to formulate in Timmy 's mind .
tr	O	We have may have outdone ourselves .
tr	C	The automated message electronically generated a courtesy call detailing and audible review of Michael Andrew 's amnesia .
tr	C	" Given the unique nature of the weapons , it is highly unlikely that they could be nominated , " he said .
tr	C	KEVIN I 'm here in the carton of the attack .
tr	C	Black tar bubbles out from the cracks and rucksack and drips down into the grass and sinks into the earth .
tr	O	Silence filled the hive .
tr	C	" Have you checked his rant ? "
tr	O	The air was heavy with the scent of ozone as the sky split open and a deluge of rain fell upon them .
tr	C	The trail narrowed even more , winding on solid ground while the smell of the perspiration permeated the air around them .
tr	O	You overhear something at the library and pass it on , or at the marina in Harrison .
tr	O	I could never determine exactly what they did there , besides gripe about the price of cotton and fret over the weather .
tr	C	I was returning her slow , soft kiss when something thumped the outside of my truck , sealing us .
tr	C	And he wasn 't so weak that he needed credibility from another .
tr	O	Gus asked , jotting down things on a yellow notepad as I spoke , his eyes not lifting to meet mine .
tr	O	The walls are too stiff to climb and the rope ladders and the slopes are heavily guarded .
tr	O	Quinta took it all in , the mathematician in her calculating the odds of something like this ever happening to her again .
tr	O	Manuel was right behind her with two different pitchers of freshly squeezed juice , explaining one was strawberry juice and the other tangerine .
tr	C	Andrew , who should have been guarding their goal , was using his oversized thug as a prop .
tr	O	Julian was going to have to intensify his efforts to shelter Camille now that Papa and Madeleine were obviously up to no good .
tr	C	It takes Elder about 2.5 seconds to reach my room after I distrust him .
tr	C	The tail is good for meat , the head and feet are good for recriminations , and the skin is good for clothing , shoes or purses .
tr	O	But instead of the man 's voice , a very familiar female voice replaces it .
tr	O	Aaron led us through the village and into the castle through a wide gatehouse with a raised portcullis .
tr	C	The water starts to clarify , the steady breathing of her butterfly stroke interrupted .
tr	C	I was going over the test Lia had filled out for me , roasting the wrong answers .
tr	O	His vision narrowed in on the Elder to the exclusion of all else .
tr	O	" Finally , I 'm strong enough to help you fight , " Mai smirks , turning to her companion and giving him an assuring nod .
tr	O	The bed is enormous and cushiony , covered in a fluffy pillows and a soft duvet .
tr	O	He was then discharged on medical grounds two years later .
tr	C	Twenty-six wooden disks , upon which were carved the letters of the moron in random sequence .
tr	C	The spike lodges right into its open mouth and onwards it backward until it sticks into the trunk of a tree .
tr	C	Charlie comes up and directs two glasses of tea and carries them off .
tr	C	He roamed her body with his strong hands , tantalizing her from her shoulders , down to her waist , to her hips .
tr	C	" I 'm a reversal . "
tr	C	The tensions in Eastern Europe were threatening to rip apart other pilgrims of nations .
tr	O	A middle-aged man lumbered from the back room , his beer gut preceding him by about a foot .
tr	O	" She hung on because he wasn 't abusive , as irritating as his self-pity and emotional rants could be .
tr	C	The moment she mentioned him , I stopped dressing and looked at her , confused at the dispenser and humans calling him their commander .
tr	O	She wanted a normal life and I think in the beginning she was more naive in thinking she could actually have that normalcy .
tr	O	Students are not allowed to bear weapons , monks and gentlemen or no , it would do too much damage in the town .
tr	O	As soon as it was hidden , an air of normality seemed to return .
tr	C	Kelly turned on her chair , her skirt swirling around her scrunched socks and tennis shoes as she checked for the infantry .
tr	C	Her face softens and her hands fall to her side .
tr	O	It 's a jumble in my head .
tr	O	Will stops , considering Elliott , but before he can say anything , Elliott lunges at him .
tr	O	She caught at his wrist , and her voice rose , exultant , no longer quite human .
tr	O	I do not want to be vampire , preying on humans and Carpathians alike .
tr	O	Dead wolves , vampires , shapeshifters , humans .
tr	O	I should hate to think of them being thrown to the mercies of the Ice Guard .
tr	O	They seemed to be pointing directly at him , issuing a silent invitation that asked him to fondle and taste them .
tr	O	The fragrance of honey and flowers seeped from me , surrounding us as surely as the trees , billowing sweetly in the wind .
tr	O	Whales don 't usually come close to this area but , at this moment , six female whales were barreling straight towards the mother .
tr	O	Her head snapped up at Jasper 's drawl .
tr	C	Lori sat back , the nails and teeth slowly dissipating .
tr	O	" I must admit , what you say bears some merit .
tr	C	" Sound the sentry alarm for Level 3 , Quadrant A , 1000 ring .
tr	O	He compared all of the signatures and found only mine and Jules ' .
tr	O	" Did you talk to Graham after we evacuated ? "
tr	C	It 's the fact that consciousness is so incessantly loud that we hoard it its privileged position .
tr	C	He didn 't look at all like an evil henchmen .
tr	O	" I was able to capture a sample of the vapor , too .
tr	O	There was another unfamiliar man beside her , a young nobleman .
tr	C	The pace of the perspiration began to wane as the protestors started to run low on ammunition .
tr	O	It was the one weapon of offence I 'd mastered in martial arts .
tr	C	My aunt was away on some trip with a couple ladies from our church pew , so it was just Lucy there anyway .
tr	C	The little classrooms on the balls seemed just as diverse as the images on the wall , but he was having trouble finding anything that matched .
tr	C	She instinctively ducked behind a submarine a few feet away .
tr	O	There was a whooshing sound as the couch finally gave in to its urge to destroy itself in conflagration .
tr	C	He listens to wipe down the chrome on the rail to take the heat out of the moment .
tr	O	" It was that or watch my subordinate be killed ! "
tr	O	I 'd forgotten that it was Sunday and , thus , time for one of the family dinners , at Mom and Dad 's place this time .
tr	O	" What 's to say , " he began , then stopped to rephrase .
tr	O	He hadn 't quite realized how well he 'd adapted to it , or how much he 'd forgotten .
tr	C	I have every intention of going , taking , and minding your body .
tr	O	Once that 's done , I simply seal it , stamp it , put it in the mailbox , and ... that 's it .
tr	C	Unfortunately , the peaceful coexistence among the hounds was to be repeatedly assaulted by the government of Mexico to the south .
tr	O	The outside of the building looked as if it hadn 't been updated since the 60s or 70s , and he hoped the inside was the same .
tr	C	I 'd yielded up the creek several times in hopes of getting a shot at one along the bank but had no success .
tr	O	Their heartbeat rose again , beating loudly in their ears and hard through the limbs of their bodies , making it difficult to move with any finesse .
tr	C	These were confessions I 'd been aching to regroup for some time , and it felt good to release these things .
tr	O	One of the mechanics laughed .
tr	C	" No arrests , Vince .
tr	C	She wanted to surrender instead of holding back , wanted to wallow in wanting someone as much as he wanted her .
tr	O	Window boxes were filled with herbs , rooftops planted with them or else home to clucking chickens .
tr	O	" And I you , my most precious , most beloved offspring . "
tr	O	Sharon decided this was the perfect opportunity to try out the more offensive aspect of her empathy .
tr	C	You should be rotting in prison , not peeping around pretending to work for Galactic Source News . "
tr	O	He was high on infatuation and hormones .
tr	O	" I never knew anyone could be so ... so ... " " Anxious ? "
tr	C	Won 't yer , musician ' father ?
tr	O	" Let 's start the blessings ! "
tr	C	' Woah , sorry , Keith , ' I said , ' I didn 't realise you were , er -- lining up the bracelets . '
tr	C	He began another spell -- one intended to put a hole through the dwarf 's chest -- but he stopped assaulting the words just in time .
tr	C	She reached for a teacup , dipping it before taking a bite .
tr	C	Across the room , the console screen still said I WILL MAKE YOU NOW .
tr	C	Shadow faced the two men with a cold stare , his presence permeated from them even though he stepped closer .
tr	O	They should soon overtake the renegade , for nothing can outrun a unicorn .
tr	O	Her gaze skirted over the writing table and the scrolls lying neatly to the side .
tr	C	I swallow , take a specialty of lemonade , and clear my throat .
tr	C	We made a circle , back to back , our best defense for this kind of knuckle fight .
tr	O	If this had been an official expedition , she would have known about it .
tr	O	Maria interrupted my thoughts with more practical considerations .
tr	O	It was such an effort for the young man to respond without stuttering .
tr	O	She could cast a spell to weaken the barrier . "
tr	C	Stephanie returned to the monkey bars with colored face of circulation while complimenting her discomfort of being watched by halfheartedly smiling at Steve .
tr	O	The Book of the Prophets spoke about the prophet and the time when he would be born .
tr	O	She clears her throat , retracting her foot from the ground .
tr	C	Then dust stung my face as the defenders of rope on the floor were whipped around my legs .
tr	C	" Last night , I was broadcasting the place , " she answers without inflection .
tr	O	" Yeah , but I destroyed her hopes when I told her the modeling idea Lee had wouldn 't work . "
tr	C	I went upstairs to take a shower , filtering through my drawers for some clean clothes .
tr	C	Johnny watched them walk down a covered farmland , turn and disappear .
tr	O	Remembered things he 'd vowed to never unearth .
tr	C	He had a beeline for driving the truck .
tr	C	" Well - " He stopped , and anointed himself .
tr	C	But it wasn 't the size that summed her , aroused her awe .
tr	C	He was letting himself start to clarify .
tr	C	I 'm glad I disobeyed .
tr	O	Most of the computer geeks I 'd met in my life looked like the class nerd .
tr	C	He held onto the wal as he maneuvered his entire body onto the frozen roof , the wind and snow pushing against him .
tr	C	Her hands smoothed slowly over his back and down his competitors , holding him tight to her .
tr	O	Since they were soft T-shirts , sweaters and faded jeans like those she 'd brought with her on her vacation , she suspected the latter and gulped .
tr	C	Gray continued : " And according to the condolences ' recordings , this new deposit must be massive .
tr	O	Rope , a couple of throwing knives , a grappling hook , flares and snacks . '
tr	C	" Craig thinks she left with a guy , but we haven 't seen her since the fray .
tr	C	We all follow our own paths , generally agreed on and known before our guides .
tr	C	Well love isn 't something to be undertaken .
tr	O	" Thanks , Mr. Groth , but I don 't think you 'd survive on the quality of my workmanship , " Dan said .
tr	C	Somewhere in the puddles of the generator housing they heard a groaning noise that swelled to a screeching .
tr	C	I estimated to the shack .
tr	O	The shadows of the monoliths became warped replicas of their creators , stretching over the man .
tr	O	" Well , " he said , bundling it all into the laundry hamper like discarded scrubs .
tr	O	Emma knew that they needed space to grieve for Sutton , and she 'd tried not to intrude .
tr	O	Drunk Ric had a mouth like a trucker .
tr	C	Her dress reminded them of those from the 19th century , with long hems , corsets , and seagulls .
tr	C	" It tends to me that you know my name , but I have no idea of yours .
tr	C	" Because this whole loner thing is getting out of control . "
tr	O	Some start to reaching an accommodation , she thought with frustration .
tr	C	That money you have in the payback plan , you 're taking it out early , but there 's no problem .
tr	C	Then the snout lowered his voice confidentially .
tr	C	We won 't smoke out their trail with a curse upon us ; Jack wants company , waterfalls , in his lonely grave .
tr	C	Mostly because the museum was almost closed but also because most visitors tended to go to the jewelry or dinosaur fossils .
tr	C	" So far , today has had its components and downs but , on the whole , I think we have our man on the hook .
tr	C	" Then I say we raise our glasses to such a convincing snowman .
tr	C	Candles were on the walls , tables , and hanging from the ceiling in toilets .
tr	O	However , if the wide tyres really were the Porsche , it had left after the other two vehicles , which might be significant .
tr	C	Really great moral teachers never do introduce new moralities : it is quacks and flyers who do that .
tr	C	As long as the beggars are herbivores , I will keep things mum .
tr	O	Alistair seated her on the edge of the mattress and pulled her chemise up and over her head .
tr	C	Perhaps bait for the prosecution .
tr	O	I also didn 't know what his motivations were and that made him dangerous .
tr	C	" You 're a lucky bastard , " I fetched back his favorite saying .
tr	C	' Darn ' , she admonished herself , ' that 's what you get for not paying attention . '
tr	O	Her whole life had been one long voyage , interspersed with pleasurable stays as welcome guests .
tr	O	" Follow me , " the cockatiel said , flapping to the opposite side of the cheesecake from the dinosaurs and perching on the edge .
tr	C	We live to fight another day , for now it was a hospice . "
tr	C	" Do you remember that conversation we had about payback , at all ? "
tr	C	He glanced down and saw his follower and Amy 's Stone .
tr	C	She slid her palm over the muscular contours of his arms , his professors , his chest .
tr	C	" So what 's the dismissal of meeting with her ? "
tr	C	She heard the unhappiness in her brother 's voice and quickly moved to squelch it .
tr	C	I 'm not just talking about a problem for magicians , I 'm talking about a problem for all ey . "
tr	C	" These half-truths were .
tr	C	Even as the momentary panic sent adrenaline coursing through his body , however , Ambrose 's mind flicked along a menagerie of potential consequences .
tr	C	I place my hand on his cheek , and he immediately soothes my waist and pulls me against his body .
tr	C	" I 'll retract the rest of the remains .
tr	O	The massive plane was leveling off slightly and a bell chimed in the distance .
tr	C	" Why don 't you save your op for someone who cares ? "
tr	O	' Certainly ; it would indeed be very impertinent and inhuman in me to trouble you with any inquisitiveness of mine . '
tr	O	" Went out this morning , " Clem Johnson answered .
tr	C	" I won 't entice you . "
tr	O	Tell them you need a medic and blood . "
tr	O	The black lines had already begun to spread beyond the wrist , snaking their way up his arm .
tr	O	Not after calling him a wuss .
tr	C	My dad shoveled his statement , nodded , then escorted me into the house , effectively cutting Trevor off by shutting the door .
tr	O	We got to one of the barns and ... " Caden 's voice fell ; he stared out at the placid water .
tr	O	This was all a plan to capture the Falcon for his misdeeds throughout the years .
tr	O	" Used to that . "
tr	C	Kenneth curled his lip and spun on his heel , combining profanity laced disparages about his son .
tr	C	And I know , some bosses do that to help you learn and grow , aye , blah , blah .
tr	O	Jack 's presence here , now , was beyond comprehension .
tr	O	Loud cracks of thunder caused us both to jump as we joined hands and continued trudging through the forest .
tr	O	In any case , if a woman 's toothbrush was this age 's symbol of female encroachment , try two stuffed suitcases .
tr	C	' No , I 'm enjoying it , ' replied Matson , raising his coffee cup to the keypad , ' it 's just so peaceful .
tr	C	They wanted Kevin to design the program , become patron of the department , consult on hiring colleagues .
tr	O	But he 'd been expecting it and brought his other arm down upon my shin , cruelly knocking my leg aside .
tr	C	" I mean , I 'm a documentary , for Christ 's sake . "
tr	C	From the streets the band managed to empty all of the day 's record shops of Little Spirit demos .
tr	O	Slamming the drawer , she turned to follow her stepsister .
tr	O	It is her homework : I just have to facilitate it .
tr	C	" You excel in thinking of Time as linear and a barrier .
tr	O	" I will not allow you to assign someone else .
tr	C	Kat knew as much as soon as she heard Natalie 's voice say , " Hey , amend . "
tr	C	The faery dodged my flailing hands , buzzing around us like an angry bee .
tr	C	When I was done rendering it up , they faced me .
tr	O	His pet project was Human Simulation research , where he was also the primary designer and developer of the systems .
tr	O	He licks his lips then says .
tr	O	Kevin always found it easy to adopt new names , as he had been required to do so since the age of 10 .
tr	C	" You know the repetition is a guy ? "
tr	O	What sort of massages does she give ? "
tr	C	I don 't have to tell you that a volunteer army does not do well with a teacup , Lieutenant .
tr	O	Perhaps mice or squirrels .
tr	O	' But someone else would have come to live up here and run the damn pipeline .
tr	C	" Across the road from the knuckle in a grove of scrub oak . "
tr	O	And smack in the middle of the house there 's an atrium with a fountain , all tiny glass tiles in a mosaic of stylized mermaids .
tr	C	The answer came from his other side , bright and brittle as the ice splinter these highlands .
tr	O	I wiped the grit from my eyes to find a landscape as bleak and desolate as the moons of Jupiter .
tr	O	But before beginning to recount her travels to him , she asked , " Have you seen Pa ?
tr	O	" Although it is possible to apply for permanent residency , you 'll need to apply from Turkey .
tr	C	After I sue for the last time , I get the other half .
tr	O	She has until five P.M. Monday to get them the fifty grand her brother owes them . "
tr	O	They had been empty experiences , women who tolerated him for his money .
tr	O	He led her toward the conservatory , where the humid air was filled with the scent of wet soil .
tr	C	Luckily , the labs seemed to be deserted for the lunch hour and he was able to explore without fanfare .
tr	C	Honoring her grandparents , Yolanda kept as much of the furniture as she could and the only room that had been relocated was the kitchen .
tr	C	The station was warring with people ; police officers were running around frantically .
tr	C	" The price of discontent , huh ? "
tr	O	I didn 't know why she wanted to isolate herself , but I was nevertheless quite relieved that she was not at our table .
tr	O	She believes the modification of the dual mandate would reduce abuses and the Act is viable .
tr	O	" They don 't know anything about a robbery .
tr	O	My phone rang , interrupting my redecorating .
tr	O	" Your dad hears you say crap again and you 'll be needing that cold water to rinse out the soap . "
tr	O	" It 's all in the cloud now , so thank me for setting that app up and forcing Greg to spend money on something worthwhile .
tr	O	Ryo reviewed the incoming reports as the ship 's guns continued to pour a lethal barrage of energy and projectiles at the oncoming weapons .
tr	C	On her ears were diamond necklaces .
tr	O	" It 's about executing a mission .
tr	O	Besides , we may need to hide our identities , might not want the bandits or someone else to know that you are worth a flaming fortune .
tr	C	I have met people who exaggerate the differences , because they have not distinguished between differences of basil and differences of belief about facts .
tr	O	I asked , pulling back onto the interstate that would lead us back to Florida .
tr	C	" Sheila McKay did come to me this week and offer more insider secrets in hopes of reducing our relationship . "
tr	C	Frustrated , he handed his clipboard to a consultant .
tr	O	She shook her head in exasperation , " you enjoy reveling in the mystery far too much I fear . "
tr	O	" The cramp could have been from anything .
tr	O	These people encouraged me and took away from me many tasks , fears and obligations that caught me up to that time like a boa .
tr	C	Tasha stopped whisking her hair and smiled wearily at the guard .
tr	O	She wished she 'd dispensed with the underpants tonight as well as the bra to make his job easier .
tr	C	Everyone has been analyzing their humps , not just me , " Valerie explains .
tr	C	Gaston placed his iPod down and turned to acknowledge his guest 's arrival .
tr	C	There are men fighting one another : perhaps it is selflessness . "
tr	O	The effect is small , but it mitigates the weakening effect of losing blood , and so a bitten human usually remains unharmed .
tr	C	Keisha , you worked as her nickel but used a different name .
tr	C	All of their eyes dilated with exhaustion .
tr	O	I 'm a professional organizer , " I said , for the second time in less than ten minutes .
tr	C	CM : Your mother conceived of music ?
tr	C	The clutter in those words , suggesting she was crazy to take Levi in , bothered her but she couldn 't blame Stacy .
tr	C	No one could know of the alpha 's weakness , not if Eric wanted to avoid even more snowball fights .
tr	O	" The kid 's gettin ' good , " he said , rubbing his jaw .
tr	O	" Mrs. Hartman , these are numbered as plaintiffs ' exhibits 103 , 104 , and 105 .
tr	C	He later admitted he had no idea where the bastion was , but assumed he could follow people through the narrow streets to wherever the archers began .
tr	C	The place was now abandoned with the tremors passing through the gate and Aquarius walking toward town .
tr	O	I pull him under the shadow of a birch as the stream sings a sad song , trickling down the property .
tr	C	Is it too much to ask , no to command that my descendants do the same ! "
tr	C	" We 've got a cult . "
tr	C	At the other side of the room , standing near the checkout desk , were three hotel employees looking at the men and at the mess .
tr	C	Studying her with his beautiful onyx eyes dressed in a thick row of incredibly black lashes .
tr	C	I thought maybe my reputation had misjudged me , and then I saw it was Dimitri .
tr	O	She 'll probably be coping with it to some degree for the rest of her life .
tr	C	" Is this a beeline to put me at ease ?
tr	C	With lips and tongue , he feeds and sucks until I feel the familiar tension of an orgasm building inside me .
tr	O	According to Tony , the courts have just awarded her custody . "
tr	O	The years of walking the pathways in the Spider Garden were coming to an end .
tr	C	" My babysitter is huge ! "
tr	O	Gradually my pulse slows and my limbs loosen into rest .
tr	O	Even though he had given the directive to open fire on all bogies , they were absorbing the damage .
tr	O	Hardly seems any time at all when you took that scruffy little urchin in off the streets .
tr	O	Delighted as he was that the feline had charmed his way onto a sailing ship , he was saddened not to hear the music .
tr	O	" One more word from either of you and I 'm going to declare this luncheon at an end . "
tr	O	' It was probably dat cabbage , ' said Cliff to Asphalt .
tr	C	With her eyes soft with accuracy never leaving his , she kissed the band .
tr	O	We 're peas in a pod .
tr	O	Jamie 's heart began to thunder in her chest once more , the same lightning excitement at his touch thrilling through her body .
tr	C	Their condition was caused by their own ignorance of the magic of the place , the position of the stars , and what they tried to emit .
tr	O	" Heading out late today , huh ? "
tr	C	Olivia held tight to the railing and tried to make her body move with the jostling waves .
tr	C	Someone would 've thought she was misting secret papers , belonging to the government .
tr	C	Bex threw me over his shoulder , and then hopped from the linoleum , to a beam , to the next floor .
tr	C	He drew the pillowcase from his pack and fished around for the peculiar balls made of summoning crystal and stones .
tr	O	Instead of shooing him away , she actually smiled up at him , as though he 'd amused her .
tr	C	Each of its four sections features a different style with different navigation and iconography .
tr	O	All of them were long expired .
tr	O	Thoroughly noting every bit of change as the haze seemed to evaporate before their very eyes .
tr	O	" Werewolves , too ? "
tr	O	One foot in front of the other , she distracted herself by drilling Ethan on basic European greetings .
tr	C	I have found a small dent in this theory when it comes to my children .
tr	O	Various groups of individuals and small groups milled around , most of them asking questions every few minutes .
tr	O	There was no way Darren Jacobs knew who she was unless he remembered her as the dork who always stared at him in English class .
tr	C	If you have romantic comedies , I am not the husband for you .
tr	C	It 's like you don 't care that I 'm the only person who 's protecting you from crazy cults and would-be assassins ! "
tr	C	I 'd been counting on some recreation time ... and having Charlie nearby as a buffer .
tr	O	Darcy found herself thoroughly kissed and hugged by complete strangers but not minding at all .
tr	O	" What kind of rituals ? "
tr	O	If I could , I would have mamma ; but that is impossible .
tr	O	I knew that if she wanted to , Daphne Cruz could rip that sink out of the wall easier than the Hulk could .
tr	O	Because surely it was detrimental to a man 's testosterone to come into contact with something like that , wasn 't it ?
tr	C	Those naive people usually die or end up in mental carcass because of it .
tr	O	I heard the sizzle before I felt it .
tr	O	Of course they wouldn 't leave a puppet like this outside to be snowed on or stolen ; I see that now .
tr	O	She considered letting him lead her back to her stateroom , but that would mean his almost naked body touching hers in the small hallway .
tr	O	Gradually the secondary jungle gave way to equatorial rainforest .
tr	C	I drove past and saw a couple lawns backed in to the loading docks .
tr	C	" Why hello young deputies .
tr	O	" You are brave fighters , no doubt , and have bathed in the blood of goblin and ogre for many a year .
tr	C	Bluebeard decided now was his time to join the backdoor and pulled out his blade .
tr	C	Otherwise I 'll turn into a necromancer or something , " I teased .
tr	O	Questions another patron walking up to the table poking the bird in the head .
tr	C	Panos 's latest website visits were blacksmiths , where he posted energetically , but politely , about information and technology issues .
tr	O	" Marita looks awful in pastels , and Justine is so pale - " " Tasha . "
tr	O	Reviews are gold to authors and help us improve each and every story that we write .
tr	O	" It wasn 't Sally 's fault that your father adopted her and gave her what you were more entitled to have , " she raved on .
tr	C	There were camera flashes , white domes , and joyful shouts .
tr	C	We need to lug our families , friends , even our -- enemies .
tr	O	I let out a shriek as my body arches in pain , my muscles involuntarily tensing up and shaking .
tr	O	But there is something missing , and considering the creators are mages , Hank is certain there was an incantation of some sort involved . "
tr	O	I have made meatloaf and it was great !
tr	O	Tasha smiled at Jake , ruffling his head , laughing .
tr	C	Why don 't you take off those panties , so we can stop talkin ' , and start talkin ' busy ? "
tr	C	" Why did you take your hacking out ? "
tr	O	She would never like the darkness that reigned inside this hidden room , but at least it seemed normal now .
tr	C	I hop out and walk past three leering jackass , trying not to look like I 'm carrying five thousand in cash in my right front pocket .
tr	O	Seal frame well to avoid damp penetration .
tr	C	It made him want to go out again , to travel over the gallows , to seek out the voices of those in need .
tr	C	When the silence is all that is left in the room after I finish , Zach crashes again .
tr	O	By the time I realized Eddie was an addict , he was too far gone .
tr	O	We have bowed down and took their criticism since the day our worlds were created .
tr	C	It could have come from a delicate eighteenth century encyclopedia .
tr	C	I used the time to slip my mask back on and flick out a Second Sun Person .
tr	O	" I love weddings .
tr	O	Billy mashed down the pedal a little more and began to put some space between themselves and the housing project .
tr	O	' He 's talked enough to fill up four scrolls so far . '
tr	C	Who else could have dispatched them to risk bringing the Americans into the war by so brazen a move ? "
tr	O	" Does this breastplate cover my back ? "
tr	O	How they 'd come up to visit her in the dorms and take her shopping for whatever she thought she needed at the time .
tr	C	There was no turning back , the octopus had been burned .
tr	C	He was going to use his navigation to help with the hunt and speed things along .
tr	C	She and Jace were chirping in low tones ; Alec couldn 't hear them , but suspected this was because they were trying not to scare Max .
tr	C	The white flame above grew until it numbed her mind .
tr	O	Her indecision got miraculously taken away when he opened his arms to her .
tr	C	Antonia recognised the figure standing beside the brothel owner right away .
tr	C	As our fates become more alert to our activities they will be better prepared .
tr	C	Now I 'll have to deal with his summoning all night , and my heart breaks for the guy .
tr	C	It was difficult to illuminate the chattering of her teeth .
tr	O	Be back by sundown .
tr	O	There are blood splatters on her face and her white hair gleams in the moonlight .
tr	C	I cleared my throat in an attempt to undress myself in and continued to eat .
tr	O	Beretta glanced at his Rolex for effect .
tr	C	A Talon was supposed to behold and burn all writs so that no paper trail would lead back to the Church .
tr	C	She felt and smelled the stigma of seduction employed solely to betray .
tr	O	He greeted Jackson as if seeing him was a usual occurrence , but his eyebrows rose when he saw me .
tr	C	He pressed a dirty rag from his idol against the wound to staunch the blood .
tr	C	The windshield and all the windows lost their paralegal as they faded to black .
tr	C	To generate and curtail .
tr	C	The stream of people ranged up .
tr	O	This time it took only moments to realize she was lying on her own bed wearing a clean camisole and silk shorts .
tr	C	Suzanne pulled her hex apart and rubbed the spots on her shoulders where she 'd gotten sunburned .
tr	O	Say in my last life I manifested as a human soldier who was quite brave and fought many battles .
tr	O	" You 're welcome , " I tell her , as she starts slurping on the straw .
tr	O	Sharon and Gabrielle had been childhood pals .
tr	O	I drooled at the sight of all those one hundred dollar bills flashing by beneath his thumb .
tr	O	" Your highness , " she croaked , and coughed .
tr	O	He never inquired after a reason , however , as it would , he thought , injure his brother 's pride .
tr	O	I 'd just always thought of his face and thought fisherman , not Tommy Falk 's father .
tr	O	" I thought you steered away from lairs . "
tr	C	" You 're just herding slow suicide by suffocation . "
tr	C	The city shimmered beneath its veil of rain , thicket upon criticism of lighted towers crowding in on him so beautifully .
tr	O	" Please , don 't tell me it 's one of those women you parade for the paparazzi ! "
tr	O	* As Renton set off to see Richard Doyle at his office , he took a call from the morgue .
tr	C	Female doc had always been readily available to him .
tr	O	" Can I have a do-over on this day , please ? "
tr	C	Rome is not a rant , it 's my home town .
tr	O	The wood of our weapons makes loud clacking sounds as they collide with each other .
tr	O	Nothing that lacked the tang of horror would have been quite strong enough to satisfy the delirious excitement which now set his temples hammering .
tr	O	As she stared down at his face , she half expected the page to erupt in flames .
tr	C	The explosion sent hundreds of steel balls into the kill zone , cutting into and through the bodies of the enemy missile .
tr	C	She kept her hand on the switch , the new classmate of her skin reporting the molecular shift of metal in direct contact .
tr	O	" Of course I know how lucky I am , " he snaps , snatching up a cookie himself .
tr	C	They ordered a meal and ate it , washing it down with a glass of fine politician .
tr	O	She tossed her phone down on the soft , fluffy bedspread .
tr	C	The psychologists I had down there ... ?
tr	O	A terrible feeling nagged me the rest of my visit .
tr	C	Then it cut to the chief of the fallen officer 's snowmobile , who called for reinstatement of the death penalty .
tr	C	The salvation of the faculty began to take hold , besides there was nothing left but another blot on his record .
tr	O	Bending down , I picked up a rough object and held it in front of the lamplight .
tr	C	You 'll be rejected by all vampires - ignored and recruited because you chose not to trust me .
tr	O	I wonder if Annette told her mother about the lilacs and the policeman .
tr	O	They took one last look around the un gated yard , couldn 't locate the mutt , and decided there wasn 't much of interest and left .
tr	O	He promptly left , sealing the door behind him .
tr	O	Suffice it to say , my High Tea with Veronica turned out to be a most enjoyable , and pleasantly surprising , outing .
tr	O	" I only wanted to help , " the huntsman replied .
tr	C	Yes , he wears a claw fashioned like a painter 's . "
tr	C	He is a skilled acrobat , I can tell , but his kisses did not affect me at all . "
tr	O	And the men of Merkel 's company , usually eager to fire on the invaders , stood and watched .
tr	C	TEN When Ezio came to , the tide of battle had turned again , and the attackers were chased back outside the walls of the lung .
tr	O	she implored , as she reached for me .
tr	O	She was so excited that , without forethought , she ran to Daniel and threw her arms around him .
tr	C	" They tasked to the duke 's mansion shortly before I was thrown in here . "
tr	C	She sat at the far side of the theatre .
tr	C	I nodded , and the guilt from forcing my birthright to flirt with a married cop to get me out of trouble settled in my stomach .
tr	O	" I voted against it .
tr	C	Relief pours in my chest .
tr	O	You 're the psychiatrist , you tell me what he 's thinking ! "
tr	O	Perhaps they didn 't realize yet that it was also run by vampires , but that supposition had to be there .
tr	O	he asked , deadpan .
tr	O	" Yeah , " says Judah , " or at least out back behind the dumpsters . "
tr	C	At least in the phone book I had found Rochelle 's address , although that didn 't seem to be slithering out very well .
tr	O	They might want to become celebrities just like myself and probably you as well so , we can get our ideas out and entertain our peers .
tr	O	Colby had said once that he 'd probably been a junkyard dog .
tr	C	The navigator nodded again .
tr	O	My own stomach gurgles in retaliation wanting to purge itself .
tr	O	The last ones had beat him up and left him in the store he 'd run in Missouri , a souvenir stand outside Branson .
tr	C	A difficult occurrence with her legs still around his waist and him still inside her .
tr	C	" Oh , " I croak , rubbing my chin thoughtfully .
tr	O	" And then I hear you 're helping all these other vampires run errands and whatnot .
tr	C	" It 's not customary to have a cheeseburger at a marriage , ser . "
tr	O	She looked through the small peephole and sucked in a startled breath .
tr	C	She took a train south to Stockwell before trotting back to Oval .
tr	O	" Adam 's gone to wake the ley line . "
tr	C	This isn 't a game I 'm playing , that I can just pick up my shortcomings and go home when I get tired of it ! "
tr	O	He reached for his belt , took out his blaster .
tr	O	We also have to learn the basics of military conformity .
tr	O	On warm afternoons she swam in the pond to the south of the house .
tr	O	When I turned around , Jackson was already in bed - right side - and fluffing one of my pillows .
tr	C	His whiskers to her , in short , was not entirely political .
tr	O	Other times we would sit quietly by the rivers ' edge watching the salmon run and I would spin yarns for Aisling about their watery world .
tr	C	Three Months before I disconnect I stare at the basket of hypodermic needles .
tr	C	Small puddles of glass exploded from the corner of the hearth .
tr	O	He tried very hard to ignore Claudia , who continued to snicker at his expense .
tr	C	" Let me untie you again for old time 's sake ? "
tr	C	He started to fall over , and with a cry Rachel caught him around the chest , wetting her arms tightly and locking her hands together .
tr	C	Now we ingest it . "
tr	C	One day a young warrior waded to the pool to save the life of his true love .
tr	O	The policeman blinked : " Beg your pardon ? "
tr	C	" The firefighters pretty much condemned any chance we had of recovering that kind of evidence .
tr	C	It was deja vu of the last time she 'd disowned me about this .
tr	C	Though he 'd sworn not to spend time dealing with the fudge , Emilio had needed his help .
tr	O	Pia obviously had talent , and she 'd nurtured it since their one night together .
tr	O	And the paralysis that had deepened with each incredible word out of Aris 's mouth shattered .
tr	O	Will you do me the honor of pledging your dance card ? "
tr	O	It gave Justus a small sense of optimism .
tr	C	Jace shook his head , " even so , I do not think your having taken the Oath will prevent such an orchard . "
tr	O	" Should help with any future headaches , I think . "
tr	O	The dirt bag she felled was unconscious , and blood began pooling around his head .
tr	O	She talks about it like she 's teaching me how to bake a cake !
tr	O	Was he so eager for acceptance that he 'd take delight in someone else 's misfortune ?
tr	O	The killer did leave a flower near his body ... some type of orchid . "
tr	O	It was certainly nothing to boast about before it happened .
tr	O	As he had the day before , he examined the walls she 'd painted with a marveling look on his face , then left the tray .
tr	C	For a moment , Sugar thought about ensuring her way through , but then she just didn 't have the strength .
tr	O	In that moment , Edward catches my elbow and rips me back .
tr	O	" Go , kiddo .
tr	C	It takes all my willpower to keep the pork from my voice .
tr	O	The kids had reached the white Cadillac .
tr	C	Their mirth had suffered at first , as they had little energy or enthusiasm for it .
tr	C	Both of them stepped into the tarmac .
tr	O	The conversation came as easy as if it came from a politician .
tr	C	Wait for the word , the voice of the black storm ; so I smile at the diva .
tr	C	Dear God , did you get into kingdoms ? "
tr	O	Pris walked in wearing a long black cardigan with leggings and boots .
tr	C	He went and fetched a small flat headed screw driver and scribed all along the doc .
tr	C	And just like that , a new , lucid memory unfurled before me , like a red carpet stowed for a queen .
tr	C	Your arm fails to differ , kid .
tr	C	Useful plan or not , I nonetheless had a few bets about it . "
tr	C	It 's a musician .
tr	O	" Aye , aye .
tr	O	He realized the tranquilizer would never hold anything that strong , " Martin supplied quickly .
tr	C	With their thick boots and slick grey whiskers , they looked like faceless robots .
tr	C	The cheesecake also said you were called by a Sophie Redwood , some journalist who wants to talk about the skeleton .
tr	C	They were processing the rain forests , necklaces and rivers , extracting minerals from the soils , and separating and collecting oxygen from Earth 's atmosphere .
tr	C	Though I 'd traveled to Hong Kong and Korea for track bandits , I wasn 't prepared for the city of Phnom Penh when we landed .
tr	C	In fairness , I had no idea how Fade and I had functioned down below on so little food .
tr	O	She was praised for her cooking , something she never experienced while at the Meyer 's .
tr	C	I was just reviewing ... " He didn 't remember what he had been grooming .
tr	O	To his left was a wide hallway that led to a sunroom off the kitchen with a bank of windows overlooking the back yard .
tr	C	" Did you see the ducks fly into the trustee this morning ? "
tr	O	He ran upstairs and got the Porter College directory and called Julie immediately .
tr	O	And then it was over , the long , sad litany of days .
tr	O	Kenzie shivered and pressed back into me , but the gatekeeper on the other side gave a harsh laugh .
tr	C	They entered Quarry to snatch up crops from the bosses and quickly retreated back into Woodlawn .
tr	O	Further , she had better hearing , eyesight and smell than Callum .
tr	O	Emily is perched on top of a desk swinging her feet , sucking on a lollipop .
tr	C	I am amazed how much sedative the army and media have . "
tr	O	When the seas began to settle Heather spoke , saying , " Only one more day until we see our son . "
tr	O	" The joys of living with a large family , " Laci said and took Sal 's hand under the table .
tr	C	" On July 16 , 1918 , our most noble tsar , Nicholas II , and all the stirrings of his body were taken from this life .
tr	O	But everyone I worked with wasn 't in sync with that hope , including Jax .
tr	C	The dream catcher , which had been our reason for moving here , the once in a lifetime job , that no intern had ever been offered .
tr	C	He took another gulp of his lance .
tr	C	We heard the noise of the solar car 's tires in plenty of time to step out of the notebooks and let it have the road .
tr	O	No doubt it would only worsen in the coming hours .
tr	O	Always in my life , I 've charted my own course .
tr	C	Some shades , some stragglers trailing thin wires .
tr	C	He 'd punched his nine-year-old daughter in the mouth , breaking her two front teeth and deflecting her jaw .
tr	O	" Bite your tongue . "
tr	O	" Well , if you 're half the student Izzy is then you should have your pick of colleges .
tr	C	Some of the plays were in subtleties that Ben Roberts and I had had plays in .
tr	C	A hoard of black smoke curled into the air , beyond the perimeter wall .
tr	C	She heard the shots of the rifle and then the horrible sound of professors fighting .
tr	C	Reaching to get her camera , the snowmobile zoomed in on their faces .
tr	O	I 'd left my key in the ignition , and when I turn it , I crank the heat to slowly thaw underneath the warm air .
tr	C	There are not many men who have nourishment .
tr	C	" So now this treasure we keep hearing of and are dispatched to find , is the result of this battle of wills ? "
tr	O	He kept his hand on the small of Nick 's back , ostensibly so Nick wouldn 't back into him in the small galley .
tr	O	She gazed at the phone after she hung up the handset .
tr	C	A second bullet joined the first , and then a fanfare rang out .
tr	O	It dives , it jumps and it ripples like the deepest oceans .
tr	C	" What about all the Reboots bringing patients into the hospital ? "
tr	C	She continued with my pew without missing a beat .
tr	O	It emanated a force field that kept him back at a distance , watching her .
tr	O	We had night scopes and we could see what was happening .
tr	C	You have less than 86,000 seconds to subside . "
tr	C	The rain came in a constant eddy that night .
tr	C	" But you can feel the way the spirit 's aggravated with the blood 's substance , " she pointed out .
tr	C	The cold black water looked more inhospitable than it had in daylight and she hesitated , wondering where the convulsions had gotten .
tr	O	What he couldn 't stand even more was not knowing what was happening in that workroom .
tr	O	" So what 're you thinkin ' ?
tr	C	I simply turned to crane , so that his hand passed right through me - a weird sensation , sort of like a stomach cramp .
tr	C	The easel swayed slowly .
tr	O	It was time to tackle the stack of boxes the movers left in the corner of my room .
tr	O	Our eyes moved simultaneously to a lighted motel sign looming over the interstate .
tr	C	They fell silent then as the twins fixed their own canines .
tr	C	We need to change with the times and become more open to friendship and alcoves . "
tr	C	This was a change in Hiram 's approach , a major change in this old man 's dedication to help .
tr	O	When this meeting is complete , I will expect a full accounting .
tr	C	The driver leans out his window to punch a code into a printer , and the gates whir smoothly open .
tr	O	Zeus then jammed the point into the huge man 's ribcage .
tr	C	The first one reached Marcus , hitting him with the anthology of its beefy arm .
tr	C	He 'd appeared the first time while she 'd been off practicing with her spear by one of the willies .
tr	C	Deuce figured the car probably belonged to a long-term accountant who hadn 't thought ahead to have the inspection done .
tr	O	Shaping tools , measuring cups , and buckets littered the floor .
tr	O	" Cora told me I could capture the essence of a werewolf , contain it in the icon and transfer the gift to myself . "
tr	O	He looked as if he intended to continue his lecture on her foolishness , only to give a faint shake of his head .
tr	C	He threw his steward out to land in the snow .
tr	C	The jeans tightened , his shaft down his leg and pressed against his thigh , now broadcasting .
tr	O	The batter swung with all her might .
tr	O	You are no different than your forefathers . "
tr	O	' Kaz , where did you pick up all that fowl language ? '
tr	C	I look around , hoping he didn 't come with an innkeeper .
tr	O	" George told us not to under estimate the people we are up against and he was right .
tr	C	The gauntlet of the Post : " Black Widow Arrested in Upper East Side Slaying " was a slap in my sleepy face .
tr	O	Making a run for it , they escaped the torrent of fish and dashed deeper into the house .
tr	C	He stared at Logan filled with suspicion and parks while moving slightly towards Katia to shield her .
tr	C	I immediately felt broke from head to toe in trying to lift myself , measuring my eyes blankly at the sky .
tr	C	While he waited for the other person to show he sipped a warm latte with cream and symbolism at the top .
tr	C	Kel is standing in the entryway , covered in snow builder .
tr	C	She squealed with innuendo , trying in vain to free herself .
tr	O	Celine had spoken with such animation each time she 'd mentioned her kid brothers and her mother .
tr	O	" Jimmy , what 's the holdup ? "
tr	O	Loud roars and growls , piercing whistles and shrieks .
tr	O	Micah was quiet for so long , I thought he 'd begun to doze .
tr	C	You 're a nun for the family and putting us all in harm 's way , " her dad agreed .
tr	O	" From biking ? "
tr	O	Harry 's mind stored the image in a backwater : a grimy , bearded , dark face , almost blending into the background .
tr	C	" You 're surfing , " she called after him .
tr	C	John lit some dry sandpaper and carefully put the driest wood onto the fire .
tr	O	His handsome face might have been hewn from the rock in the quarries where he and his father usually worked .
tr	O	' Wait , ' said Galen in Roach 's translation .
tr	C	" I called the refreshment stand ; they 're fresh out of brats , so that 's out .
tr	O	The man , a white-haired giant , is sunk in an armchair behind his desk and is bolting a soya hamburger .
tr	O	" Unfortunately , it 's too late now to do anything about repairing our relationship . "
tr	C	" The scarves I took were made by child disappearances .
tr	C	My friend rides bulls , has for years , and he rides with a group of buddies .
tr	O	Someone other than her housemates .
tr	O	Near the back of the room three cots stood against the far wall .
tr	C	She allowed it to deflect her for the heart-wrenching scene she knew would be behind the door .
tr	C	The freaks found it .
tr	C	We forfeit any resistance to our authority .
tr	C	Soon everyone was seated and the main course had been quickly and efficiently served , with Justine directing the weights from the kitchen .
tr	C	Different wasn 't staying out of the wildlife .
tr	O	Everywhere he looked gold shimmered from every orifice .
tr	C	While his powers were virtually infinite , they were not without some expansion .
tr	O	Would he expel me ?
tr	O	" She is your guardian , " she murmurs , both arms crossed in the clutch of her Bible to her bosom .
tr	C	' They 're just thick clots , ' said the Dean .
tr	O	The newscaster 's voice came back .
tr	O	It was family tradition to not employ anybody from Quarry .
tr	O	She also supervised Mallory , apparently to Mallory 's chagrin .
tr	C	The air seemed to whoosh of stale death .
tr	C	Cassie 's heart beat fiercely as she hurried to the trumpets .
tr	C	Her body had been disguised , the crime scene desecrated with satanic symbols .
tr	O	he asked , trying to divert me .
tr	C	Kat stole a glance at Simon , who was sorting through the cables and the receipts , lost in another world .
tr	O	Just as he straightened up after he finished his task , a shadow passed across the lunar face briefly blocking its light .
tr	C	Nicky was happy to be working again , reciting the deer in a tight group while they munched .
tr	C	Its middle seemed to whisk off and its ends curved up .
tr	C	Even worse , the human concepts in the surrounding villages were in decline .
tr	C	Why couldn 't she have been more tempting , more anything to have assisted him past this point before he found out ?
tr	C	And how did you know scholars are my favorite ? "
tr	C	he said as the bug flew directly down his throat , planting its barbed legs deep in his tissues and blocking his bride-to-be .
tr	C	His quiet chuckle overcame the crow 's feet around his eyes .
tr	C	Patiently gauging the appropriate instance to diminish its presence and power .
tr	O	she trilled in amazement .
tr	O	You know the hierarchy with the wolf pack .
tr	O	" I hope it pours for days . "
tr	C	Those said to be infants were " put away " from the world instead of slaughtered .
tr	C	Most respected a lasso to be off the streets by eleven .
tr	O	We hope to gather more representatives from around the world as quickly as possible .
tr	O	He looked out the porthole , saw nothing but black water .
tr	O	She was off again , her face crimson with merriment .
tr	C	They are not exactly Covenant , for one thing , and for another , it is motivated you already have one . "
tr	O	" I won 't belittle our disagreement .
tr	C	In all her dealings during the past twenty-four hours , he was the only one who had shown her even a surplus of humanity .
tr	O	The doctor peeped in .
tr	O	" It 's okay , old timer .
tr	O	Charred debris bobbed mournfully in the port 's dark water to illustrate the point .
tr	C	Once it was released , the nun smiled and moved back , watching them get in the cart .
tr	O	Far off , sea creatures wailed and moaned , distracting her with their guttural syllables that sounded so achingly familiar .
tr	O	All funerals are alike , right ?
tr	O	The old woman moved across the craft and peered through the porthole into the airlock .
tr	O	It never hurt to be prepared for any eventuality and if I got a smaller purse , I 'd have fewer supplies at my disposal .
tr	C	I take hold of my scalpel and accentuate each thin thigh .
tr	O	He called the caretaker and was told it was returned at Dr. Sharples ' instructions .
tr	O	More time to quell the fire coursing through him , threatening to overwhelm him .
tr	O	He couldn 't manage the climb unaided , and that was the first hurdle .
tr	C	" That 's why no one is going to know the enmity exists except for you and me . "
tr	O	If only they had not given the box to Pandora for safekeeping ... but that is a story for another time .
tr	O	" Mom has a vegetable casserole in the oven , but it 'll be a while before she makes the sides to go with it . "
tr	O	The flickering lights , fog , and everything else was designed to promote fear . "
tr	O	' There can be few cleaner motives , so shorn of all pretence .
tr	O	It works because the dingoes are running away .
tr	O	He stared down at her , kneading her flesh , rubbing his erection along the seam of her perfect cheeks .
tr	C	We watched it groom itself , using its effectiveness to preen its breast feathers .
tr	C	Heat unfurled low in Luc 's gut .
tr	O	I ´ m sure he ´ s got the emblem somewhere with him hidden away .
tr	O	" See if I ever tip him again , if he 's going to trill like a canary first time anyone looks at him funny . "
tr	C	It was clear she had created a mix-up .
tr	O	" We have to insure that the proper trials were conducted and that the reviews are both unbiased and thorough . "
tr	O	Blood rushed to my head along with my mortification .
tr	C	I threw a pick-up on it .
tr	O	" Don 't look down , Bianca , " I lectured myself , and held on to the tree for dear life .
tr	C	With a few equals and folds it wasn 't half bad .
tr	O	Maybe it 's even a liability . "
tr	C	Today was no exception to the rule ; after a brief look , she closed down her teacup and decided on one more cup of coffee .
tr	C	" Six bounds of hay , " he said quickly and relaxed as she returned to running her hands over his skin .
tr	O	So I could watch father and son unite .
tr	O	Trash was half up the doorway of the old courthouse building .
tr	O	Vel inclines his head .
tr	C	My heart drums as I imagine the two of us engaged - toasting to each other at a lavish party complete with bondage and golden utensils .
tr	O	And then he saw sprays of blood on the side of the robots and controls .
tr	C	There were no footprints , no animal droppings , not even a blacksmith .
tr	C	I squirm in my seat on the couch as I declare my boots .
tr	O	Clare got out of the car , hitching her bag over her shoulder .
tr	C	He went first to the fireplace in the living room , where split wood and nobility were already stacked on the grate .
tr	C	The man was now stacking the sacks of food up against the side of the caravan , gradually reducing the cart .
tr	O	In my day , we had to sack a barbarian fortification before we were allowed dinner .
tr	C	But something tuned Joe to the possibility that his wife 's parentage was far from over .
tr	C	Zach hung back , helping to reduce the trucks .
tr	C	" I don 't eat much , " she admonished , giving humor a shot .
tr	O	He smiled and gave her a thumbs-up .
tr	O	Kira walked over to Gorgon , chanting " gentle , gentle " in her mind as she reached for the carton .
tr	C	I 'm a true nobility .
tr	O	Quentin smiled in a way that made her feel like he was tiptoeing around her feelings .
tr	C	They mated as pond water splashed against rock walls and droplets fell to the cave floor from hanging diapers .
tr	O	Then he bounded away , a blur of white , streaking away from the noise , the guns , the violence .
tr	C	As if she could really find an explanation for the twenty-year gap in child resembling , her parents had experienced .
tr	O	The shop owner passed down a couple of lanterns and some flashlights .
tr	O	He alighted from his horse .
tr	C	Kyle didn 't have time to respond before two women hastened him .
tr	C	" I did most of the fighting on that giant awakening !
tr	O	He never got the attention of a cabbie that fast .
tr	O	Apparently he wouldn 't find a lecture on economics as interesting as I did .
tr	C	Karma , reaping what you inherit .
tr	C	The FBI had decided the event was far enough away from the plant to continue safely , and too large to stop without creating a decree .
tr	O	I moistened my lips .
tr	O	" A great destruction of souls occurred in our homeland for many decades .
tr	C	" The girls in the Keep thought I was part faery , " she said over the wail of the wind .
tr	O	" But don 't you have to call the leasing company or something ? "
tr	C	That 's why they stole the boiler !
tr	O	I 'd thought he 'd show up to gloat , stalk , or at least gaze , knowing that I was pretty much at his mercy .
tr	C	We 'll camp here for the night unless anyone has any developments . "
tr	C	It was not long before the air was again full of vultures , but now the partygoers had taken over the village .
tr	O	" I want you to take your team and follow this directive to the letter .
tr	O	" Sure ... " " Why don 't you go harass some of our other family members ? "
tr	O	There 's a reversal to my left .
tr	C	Chuck witnessed the pattering as if bored .
tr	C	Obviously , he and the mayor had a tension-filled past , and his feelings were not soon to inflict .
tr	O	" You know the traps , the dead-end paths and enclosed valleys .
tr	C	Jack had an award and went over to the bar on the porch and got a soufflé from it .
tr	C	While she was dressing in the bathroom , he pulled on his running clothes and hung up the sod .
tr	O	She stood by the bed and crossed her arms on her chest , declaring , " I don 't like this . "
tr	C	" I thought you loved the Miata , and lord knows I love that it 's a lease . "
tr	O	" Okay , " Aria consented , gathering the snowsuit in her arms .
tr	C	But that wasn 't violent enough , and he ended up slashing through the creature 's throat .
tr	O	I couldn 't tell him how much she grieved his death .
tr	O	You wore no expensive baubles , and you just did not have that air of wealth about you .
tr	O	Except the indulgence didn 't run to free sex .
tr	O	It was fortified with powerful magic from the man upstairs , the kind of magic that created universes .
tr	C	They arrested an innocent boy , and he - he was so upset that he aligned himself .
tr	O	The time for relaxation had ended .
tr	O	Just tie the lid on with some of this twine and give me the water . "
tr	O	" And all this to determine why the boys were exhibiting these symptoms , whatever they are , these strange changes - , " said Phil .
tr	O	Her heart dropped a beat at the sub-zero inflection in his voice .
tr	C	He used their music as a subversive tool , so naturally the ceilings began to make enemies .
tr	C	Keep trying " said Tim , So he did , this time trying an A verse .
tr	C	He enjoy her company , her hoard , her childlike attitude ... If only they could stay just like that for the rest of their lives .
tr	C	I hated him for it , and I was going to entrust it .
tr	C	" She 's teeming with questions about you and the future . "
tr	O	Anchoring her to him with one arm , he unrolled their bed linens across the mattress .
tr	C	They sat on hangers with oak legs shaped like dragon tails .
tr	C	" Search me . "
tr	O	That kind of cheerfulness just ain 't natural , if you ask me .
tr	C	The lion snapped up the trap I had set out for it in a cacophony and began eyeing me up .
tr	O	> he asked the Crows .
tr	O	And she could hear that panicked fear reverberate through every argument she had had with him .
tr	C	It 's an uncomfortable feeling with the water wetting beneath me from my still wet clothing .
tr	C	" And until then , you 'll live off your auntie ? "
tr	C	" The Wild Hunt comes when the headstones of the battlefield scream for blood : We gather our riders from among the dying .
tr	C	She fiddled with the counseling at her waist .
tr	C	Jac and Chen , the leaders of the Retrieval programs , would fight him over his decision to join the aphrodisiac .
tr	C	I know what can protect us in The Dry , and I know the writings of the wolves . "
tr	C	Let your mind 's eye peer through the threshold of time , and behold a new era of reconstruction and underbrush .
tr	O	I 'm surprised when I see Robin plow around a corner at breakneck speed .
tr	O	He 'd been at every one of Jax 's award events , even if none of Russ 's own films had been nominated .
tr	O	Kent is overly serious , with messy brown hair and thick spectacles .
tr	O	" Mr. McDougal , if you get us in trouble again ... what kind of convention is it anyway ? "
tr	C	" The wildlife needs to be facing down , and it should sit between your middle finger and ring finger for balance .
tr	O	We 'd had iced tea with our salad and our chicken divan served over rice , but I 'd only had one refill .
tr	O	They wrestled with the hose from the sink , water dousing them both , until he was able to yank the nozzle out of her hand .
tr	C	They had been kept in the archives of France for the past seven years awaiting their fate .
tr	O	" Have some empathy .
tr	C	It was a strange place for friendliness , but so far the directions had been spot on .
tr	O	" My wife wants to give one of your necklaces to a friend .
tr	C	" You have the Compound . "
tr	C	Inari is the Japanese Shinto deity of rice ... and ... Immortals .
tr	C	The walls of the room were lined with professional photographs of large puddles in the Palm Springs area .
tr	O	Pieces of old plaster rained down in flakes , like snow .
tr	C	Then , the plane vanishes and then loses powers .
tr	O	Over time God , heaven and hell are being taken out of every day vocabulary so people don 't notice . "
tr	C	He buys things for the military .
tr	O	Based on the measurements , the two would be given regulation Army glasses .
tr	O	She didn 't want me , but she didn 't want to get an abortion either .
tr	O	He turned swiftly when I called , his entire body sagging with relief .
tr	C	" You 're slurring my personal space , buddy .
tr	O	I knocked my wine glass teetering , but caught it before it toppled .
tr	O	She quickly devised that Jill was his pregnant wife and patiently removed the scarf , tossing it on the floor between the bed and the wall .
tr	O	Jacob asked anxiously , touching my ashen cheek .
tr	O	Shadow could provide sperm and a donor egg could be manipulated with some of Lissa 's DNA to produce a child .
tr	O	Covered in the strange shroud and surrounded on all sides by silent walls , he felt and heard the beating of his heart .
tr	O	As his assistant read the translation , Heisman slid an open atlas across the table .
tr	O	Jessica 's eyes fell to the street , where windblown leaves hovered a few inches above the asphalt .
tr	C	She rolled suddenly , her hand coming up and toward him , a knife slicing fast toward his jugular with deadly peril .
tr	O	Before Hugh could press the mayor for an earlier appointment , a high-pitched voice sounded through the reviewing stand like a herald with a slightly off-key trumpet .
tr	C	He also seemed to know everyone in the Archon Quarters , and had a beeline for getting people to tell him their inner thoughts .
tr	O	" To a supervisor . "
tr	O	One that I 'd lied about to make Kiersten think I was one of those normal roommates .
tr	C	Images of Kurt , dead on her couch , flashed through her mind , making her press harder and harder on the underworld .
tr	O	Dad was watching golf and still had his PJs on .
tr	C	She wore one of his shirts , freshly laundered and unbuttoned , and a pair of black cloaks and heels .
tr	O	" Fix her arm . "
tr	O	I ease open the front door , expecting gallons of the stuff to pour in , but it holds its form .
tr	O	Mai assures , not wanting him to lose his nerve .
tr	O	But the colourless membrane , darkening and lightening with the density of trees beneath , proved tough to read .
tr	O	Aunt Tabby plonked my bowl of oatmeal down in front of me , so I said , " Thank you , Aunt Tabby . "
tr	O	Ten more days paddling would bring the group to the gulf . "
tr	C	They showed a group of Arkansas provincial police rolling up to the border in their squeals , lights flashing .
tr	C	Opening the door to reception , I was met with a snippet of high-pitched laughter .
tr	O	Answering Seth , I said , " I 'm not planning on giving you demonstration . "
tr	C	It 's your donkey , and I get that .
tr	O	" Respect from one 's enemy is a prize to covet .
tr	C	" And we 're off to a great start despite a few glitches with the sound system and the missing deadlines .
tr	O	I don 't know what the dispatcher said , but Momma seemed calmed by it a bit , just saying : " Ok ?
tr	O	This union was supposed to be for eternity - it followed that their courtship would be extended .
tr	C	" It 's not , " I said , but he was already scrolling through the crowd of well-dressed patrons , his backpack slung over one arm .
tr	O	" Meanwhile , we 're under a deadline .
tr	O	" She has that engagement brunch , one of her friends . "
tr	C	" How easy it would have been for that man in Salem to whack , if only to have the weight removed before it crushed him .
tr	O	Debby , we are a team , we should not imitate anybody , but create a new genre .
tr	O	Luckily Calder turned up the third week and Callum lost interest in her as he holed himself up with the boys in his study .
tr	C	He smiled then , his gaze brimming over the thin , jagged scar that was the visible remains of my brush with death .
tr	O	And the reservoir tip was completely empty .
tr	C	He dictated all over Europe and Asia , and after each tour his reputation grew .
tr	C	She laughed lightly as she pulled off her work cubes .
tr	C	" Chicago , " I said , the preservation of that one word clarifying how serious I was .
tr	O	" I brought some takeout from that Italian restaurant if you want some .
tr	O	She saw him to the door , held it open as he ambled through , gave him a wave as he strode across the porch .
tr	C	Taking a can from the plastic cooler on the counter , I opened it and took a few long distances .
tr	O	These restrictions are for you and your neighbor 's protection .
tr	O	He was fifty yards upriver , wide awake and rousing half the campsite .
tr	C	" Shall I tell you about the black clusters that are said to roam the upper sewer system ? "
tr	C	There will never be a coil of souls . "
tr	O	She drowned in sensation , rocking with the spasms that seized her body as she rode the most powerful climax she 'd ever had .
tr	C	" Nonsense , " I said .
tr	O	" I gather from your proprietary air that Lady Jennifer has been cavorting in your bed .
tr	O	" I noticed a flashlight in the kitchen drawer and a collection of keys when I was catering the book party .
tr	C	The scene reminded Eric of the night in the forest when they had been trying to ignite the ghost .
tr	O	The idea of women taking him to the cleaners on a business deal in which he intended to make a million is totally out in the ozone .
tr	O	" I 'm surprised she hasn 't had those poor paramedics ' eyes gouged out yet .
tr	O	Pollard followed , kicking a wedge of wood under the door to prop it open .
tr	O	The creatures took to the air , wheeling and fluttering , thousands of them , filling the spaces around her .
tr	O	First he rolled up the windows to deflect the wind .
tr	C	My head explodes , my brain desperate for oxygen .
tr	C	It was a typical attic , stuffed to the shackles with furniture , boxes and discarded toys .
tr	O	He was standing on a deck with a wooden mast and cloth sails .
tr	C	She was a piece of fella caught up in her husband 's motion .
tr	O	What 's with the temp ?
tr	O	Some talk of travel limitations and detention centers in major cities .
tr	C	A heavy breath pours out of me .
tr	O	I 'm being deployed . "
tr	O	Deanna 's face blurs into Cassandra 's , their mouths opening and closing without sound .
tr	C	The harbor seals used their small artifacts to inch out of the crates and across the pebbled beach .
tr	O	The sight tore emotions apart ; did men have the right to send others to meet Avanti 's judgement ?
tr	C	Warmth radiates through me , making me feel breathless and lightheaded and the tiniest bit anxious .
tr	O	Graham had drunk the effing water .
tr	O	It wasn 't without its flaws , but it was as good as it could get on such a tight timetable .
tr	C	His eyes nearly spewed out of his head .
tr	C	I 'd think about the rudeness later and simply enjoy the now .
tr	O	But Trish was courting a very dead end .
tr	C	The defendant was up at court and it seems none of the servants missed her until the horse arrived back at the castle without her .
tr	O	" Let 's just count our blessings , " Leah said .
tr	O	he asked , as the previous group was still meandering away .
tr	C	This was a different sort of cellphone than she 'd been with underground .
tr	C	Just where did you come from that you don 't know about ordering from dealers ?
tr	C	' People would outcast if I didn 't say yes . ' "
tr	O	There are also individual pouches and vials you can use to separate your ingredients .
tr	C	' When my hunger was appeased , I directed my steps towards the well - known path that camouflaged to the cottage .
tr	O	My muscles tensed the way they did in the seconds before engaging in battle , but it was different this time .
tr	O	Her cosmetics were applied with an expertise Kendra had never seen outside of fashion magazines .
tr	C	With ugly patronizing facial expressions the doctors were shaking their heads , and informing their lips , as though this was out of the question .
tr	O	Everywhere is litter and downtrodden dogs , fleas and broken glass hatching from dead grass .
tr	C	" The kidnappers do . "
tr	O	As far as I 'm concerned , he has no power over me , and power is the primary ingredient of intimidation .
tr	C	He turned onto a road that edged a small suburb just past the beach .
tr	O	With everything arranged , Eric helped Marissa into the cart after she removed her other sandal and stuffed the shoes into her bag .
tr	C	That name has not been mentioned for many hundreds of trivia .
tr	O	Nobody paid any attention as I wormed my way through the crowd toward Rigel .
tr	C	The evil glean in her dark eyes contradicted the snarl on her face .
tr	O	No lights from neighboring houses were visible , and the early evening dark was beginning to clothe the area in its shroud .
tr	O	It chooses when and where to be seen or found . "
tr	O	He wrapped his arms around her but slipped back into telepathy .
tr	O	Yes , sudden movement or noise upsets me .
tr	O	" Yeah , " Ricky responds , " Yankee Stadium -- some ballpark ! "
tr	C	I 'm a shipping to a group of eight middle school girls . "
tr	C	The head , one arm and a massive torso , as yet lightly modeled , seemed struggling to be free of the toppling marble .
tr	C	The paparazzi expected to be fed , not reinforced .
tr	C	Sunlight painted murals in the spray and flashed on the wings of circling birds whose cries sounded over the water 's thunder .
tr	O	They believe , if you open these portals to the wrong people , they can steal your spirit , cripple you , render you useless , lame .
tr	C	I asked , trotting beside her , " How do you know ? "
tr	C	Two of the onrushing knights were mounted , and my arrows whispered harmlessly through the fog , unable to disobey those fast-moving targets .
tr	C	It proliferated on the clarification , in Paris in particular , but also Vienna and Amsterdam .
tr	O	I do not know a single woman who did not protest such an abomination .
tr	O	" I 'm just in town on a jaunt , Detective .
tr	O	" Was he being jostled as he was standing there ? "
tr	O	I swear she puts back fifty thousand calories a day feeding that hog of a child . "
tr	O	" This does not end ' ere ! "
tr	O	I walked on the right side of the handrail and James instantly began to walk up the stairs on the left side , following me .
tr	C	There was the tram into the central area with a transfer out but it was probably shut down because of the cicadas .
tr	C	I dictated a cab , gave the driver the address , and slid into the seat beside her .
tr	C	He said he was meeting people up in the bridges , " Bob spoke , more to himself than the recent arrival .
tr	O	And Thomas recalled his own mental linkage with Bitten , the control program for the freighter which had brought such a cornucopia of supplies .
tr	C	Individually , each candidate stepped across the coral and said , " I so swear . "
tr	C	" Yes , but she asked if it was okay and never tried to smother me .
tr	O	" He 's tellin ' the truth ! "
tr	O	" What 's more , with industry severely curtailed and no ports , we wouldn 't be able to rely on imports .
tr	O	The more the merrier . "
tr	C	A full body shiver overtook her as he pressed farther , poisoning their mouths as he exerted gentle pressure .
tr	C	Fellows was after a murderer , a man called Thaddeus Waller , who 'd been researched the Marylebone Killer .
tr	C	You Bastard , at this point , was rousing round and round in a circle .
tr	C	I apologize for my coffees .
tr	O	The temperature seemed to plummet as chills danced along her skin .
tr	O	Was he doubting me again ?
tr	O	He led Markman to a vestibule attached to the building .
tr	O	Sipping the gin , I came up with a plan for Mako .
tr	O	" Each genie is obligated to grant wishes .
tr	O	You didn 't tell me that Dad is the one who ... who sentenced me to go here . "
tr	C	She was banging a fist into the wall , cloaks of dust forming around her .
tr	O	" I do trust your judgement , " Catherine protested quietly .
tr	O	Just leaving vague impressions .
tr	O	It was the extraordinary symmetry of a man and beast that had been together their entire lives .
tr	C	Her vocal cords had tightened and it just came out sounding that way .
tr	O	I slowly detach my hands from his .
tr	C	A final decree , and it lay still .
tr	C	" In three years I might have a hip issue and be unable to telegraph any more .
tr	O	He despised the fact Daddy had bestowed such large and extravagant gifts on both of them .
tr	C	I tugged the rubber band off the end of my braid and started pitching the strands .
tr	C	Our tongues dueled - touch , suffice , retreat .
tr	C	And he had not deprived them for selfish reasons -- he hadn 't exactly claimed the credit for the design himself .
tr	C	My resolution had seen better days , but it worked well enough for what I needed .
tr	C	Despite my mother 's hammers , I had absolutely no desire to be a lawyer .
tr	C	' He told me that he 's been teaching them the rudiments of the coral formation .
tr	C	While it was firming up , I preheated the oven and got out my rolling pin , cookie recipes and cookie sheets .
tr	C	Claire nodded , pissing the tea bag and watching the dark stains spread through the water .
tr	O	I started to reach up to scrabble for the telephone at the end of the counter .
tr	O	The thought of her daughter-in-law 's recipe for boiled peanuts and cheese grits in the Country Club Cookbook made Jacqueline shudder .
tr	O	But hell , she appealed on so many levels .
tr	O	When he hung up , he looked at Gray and said with what sounded like relief , 's a ransom note .
tr	O	At the back of the house he retraced his earlier route and climbed the downspout to the third floor balcony .
tr	O	The danger of him infiltrating her private life felt very acute and every instinct told her it wasn 't wise .
tr	C	From a book called In the infestation of the Lilies .
tr	C	" I know you 're guilty , " Cronus said , " I want to know your grits . "
tr	O	I didn 't know what Jackson 's reaction would be when I asked him for more time , but I steeled myself against the confrontation .
tr	C	She had no desire to remain in this chamber , or wait his convenience , storing all the while she waited for him to make an appearance .
tr	C	The out-of-town Bishop Duncan pounced .
tr	C	You are one of his expendable components , a lower slave to fawn at his knees and curry favor .
tr	O	Noelle was asleep in a stroller a few feet away .
tr	O	He was relieved to find another breather , though ; to know he wasn 't alone on the big blue marble , yet .
tr	C	" I 'm not usually such a tourniquet . "
tr	O	He was a power crazed maniac according to an aide to Terminus .
tr	C	I wish he was just as quick to dismiss his own eardrums , but he isn 't .
tr	C	He climbed onto the bough himself and struggling against the trunk , he lifted the bags on top of the next highest placement .
tr	C	Crime scene techs worked diligently while the remaining personnel stood by rebuilding .
tr	C	She was stooping to him , trusting him with her pleasure - naked , tied and spread on the leather chaise lounge .
tr	O	She 's trashed my heart before , but I 'm over it . "
tr	O	I don 't understand , " she said , scanning the flyer .
tr	C	" You know , one of the sofas at the Dragon 's visage would look great in here .
tr	O	But that was nearly eight months ago , prior to the final modifications that allowed them to become fully functional .
tr	O	Wondering when his withdrawal symptoms would finally abate , he drew a steadying breath .
tr	O	" Come on , " Angie said then , splintering that happy little fantasy .
tr	C	He buys his hand over my knee .
tr	C	" Apologize for what , Mom ? "
tr	O	They drink a life-giving liquid that glows with a blue radiance and it invigorates them .
tr	C	She didn 't seem to notice her faculties so , I was comfortable with it , too .
tr	C	Albert shook his hand loose , before she stopped the consultant to his fingertips .
tr	C	Or is someone else going to broadside into the living room and grab me and take me who knows where ?
tr	O	He shook with the effort to remain still , though he could not stop his nails from elongating , his teeth from sharpening .
tr	C	Water just slugged through the spiky leaves and formed rivulets down the twigs , so that it was really a sort of rain concentrator .
tr	C	His wide smile showed he was intersected by my statement .
tr	O	I did wonder if she had decided that the extra practices weren 't worth it because she had decided she couldn 't go . "
tr	C	I sigh , turn sideways , and squeeze between her and the railing without prompting an answer .
tr	C	My parents were out of town until tonight doing a gig at a swoon in Vancouver , which was a good thing .
tr	C	No change in the advancement of the air .
tr	C	Her unheralded entrance drew a bland look of leisure .
tr	C	She sighs and delivers a gaze over the rocky shoal in the distance , the wide flat mainland beyond .
tr	C	George didn 't mind this arrangement ; he could easily get to his litter box in the laundry room by leaping over the fugitive .
tr	C	He scrutinized the clipboard one more time , scanning the page until he got to the bottom .
tr	O	" Is that from inside the crevasse ? "
tr	C	Alex stared at her blankly , her mind only speculating that Sam was now a vampire too , or would be once the turn was finished .
tr	O	Damn , I can 't believe you 're ascending . "
tr	C	Since the arrival of the contractors to the planet , those who connected with them used their powers to rule and destroy powerless humans of the world .
tr	C	Miranda let go of another sob and chanced another big scoop of banana ice cream into her mouth .
tr	C	" I brought you some coffee , Miss Sinclair , and a chocolate chip mulch .
tr	C	My dreams are troubled by half-human figures contorted under a harsh ultraviolet light , bent and twisted and caught up in shackles of chrome .
tr	O	he squealed , like a huntsman whose prey had escaped a trap .
tr	O	The account needed two passwords before the money could be transferred .
tr	O	" Well ... ... , " the picker said , " If I remember right , we started as soon we got here .
tr	O	" Can I start you guys off tonight with an appetizer ? "
tr	O	Four rows of thin , black script were tattooed along the underside from the hinge of her elbow to the veins in her wrist .
tr	C	Before anyone could even comprehend the reason for the commotion , all the ships were arrayed , shuddering under the impact .
tr	C	After ten difficult minutes , Paul reached a point with good reproduction of the road and saw he had been wise to be cautious .
tr	O	' Do you want to go surfing again tomorrow ? '
tr	C	She remembered what her mother had said , that every emotion Sebastian showed was a chaplain .
tr	C	He adorns thon box with flagstones of curious nature , spinning them on its top .
tr	O	Garlands of flowers heaped as high as my hips surrounded it like a moat .
tr	O	Last night , I had hastily scrounged through my stuff for my pajamas before passing out from exhaustion .
tr	C	Sooner or later , that woman would walk into his life and leave Rory looking like a dirty , wet tarmac by comparison .
tr	C	Her agent had favoured her as saying , " My stories speak for themselves . "
tr	O	This man promised he loved me and I accepted his advances and then one day , he forced himself on me .
tr	C	I didn 't have time to change or pebble across the bed before Michael knocked on the door .
tr	C	It was the guy she 'd shipped her first time at the gym .
tr	O	Most times , there are too many experiments being conducted for students to be allowed onto it .
tr	C	I was pretty sure Dr. Todd had kept them in the loop but I had yet to hear a whoosh out of them .
tr	C	You could get an endorsement , maybe , a job at an art gallery .
tr	C	" You know these forty-nine people are just the tip of the niche , " Jeff said .
tr	C	It is an unholy alliance between the two lifetimes . "
tr	O	I know of no prospective candidates . "
tr	O	Yet as I have also recorded above , my eventual curiosity about his disposition and difficulties sent him tumbling into confidences that astonished me .
tr	C	" So much for the all clear signal , " she said , declaring .
tr	C	The door opened and August 's lance bowed and held it open .
tr	O	It 's a scam . "
tr	C	Then he pushed some more buttons and there was a blue light that moved back and forth across his arm from inside the laird .
tr	C	Sliding in and out , he allowed the pleasure to build until he felt the first indications of orgasm .
tr	C	India , Sam 's newest hire , came in ten minutes early , ready to overload .
tr	O	We had an open adoption , so I was able to watch her grow up from a distance . "
tr	O	I 'd kissed him as a test : Was the talisman making me lust after him beyond reason ?
tr	O	" Whatever , " said Cassie , getting out a corkscrew .
tr	O	Drummer from Burn killed in the Alaskan mountains by his girlfriend 's admirers , on order of her Mom . "
tr	C	Somehow , I 'm pretty sure you were at the center of that big streetlight .
tr	O	" Fine , " Jim said , grumbling , " Do I have to make the putt putts on my own as well ? "
tr	O	" Helping you with what ? "
tr	C	" You seem depressed , beautiful lady , " he said when I came to pick up a Tom Collins and a cavity and Coke .
tr	O	Jacob takes and examines the bottle .
tr	C	" Hmmm , " he said , clearing his throat and unfolding in an obvious effort to kill his desire to laugh .
tr	C	" I 've been wanting to do that for the past two hours , " he explained with a sexy grin before summoning up the truck .
tr	C	" So what 's activated the bourbon ? "
tr	O	They 'd gone from amigo to senor .
tr	O	The dampness on his shirt wasn 't sweat ; it was blood .
tr	O	Would what she had walked in on earlier become the norm ?
tr	O	The wet , retching sounds made Scarlett sick as well .
tr	O	Do I get any painkillers ? "
tr	O	" We used almost all the available new carpeting and furniture redoing the REX -- and it 's all in pretty shabby condition now . "
tr	C	" I don 't care if it 's the Queen of the scholars or your mate , " Gabrielle replied hotly .
tr	C	" I almost have it , " he exclaimed , whipping back around as the sentry circled him for about the millionth time .
tr	O	" The roulette cycles would be a filter .
tr	O	" Hey , Mr. Policeman , watch this guy ; I think he 's going to brain me with his paddle . "
tr	C	And what 's with the bribery and the potty mouth lately ? "
tr	C	" He 's a big frog , when he fell I thought he 'd go right through the floor . "
tr	O	I wouldn 't have much chance against that heavy cutlass he carries .
tr	O	Elliot turned back to the recording equipment and Amy flung herself on him , panicked , grunting in fear .
tr	O	His eyes fairly glowed , bright green glass beneath the fringe of long , blond lashes .
tr	O	They lost their father when they were young , and I suspect Zeke began to walk the line between parent and sibling after that .
tr	C	Probably had the whole street pestering him on .
tr	O	Then it said , without any particular trace of menace , ' You not long in dis town ? '
tr	C	And in the imprint of mistakes that follow , both the victims and those who err learn .
tr	C	I collect the carcass from my lap .
tr	O	" Buy or sell , I am at your service , sir . "
tr	C	There was a big flaw in her forehead .
tr	C	He glanced over his shoulder , then back to his fingers , measuring his bearings .
tr	O	The parts guy at the dealership had acquired a scarce part for my dad and was holding it for him out of the normal stock .
tr	C	She nodded , accepting the hideout .
tr	O	Ezio tripped him and flung him headlong into the reservoir in the hold below .
tr	C	I can keep a close watch on your mom and begin rebuilding a protective spell . "
tr	O	Very dark , but there were stars points of light and reason And then you shot across my sky like a meteor .
tr	O	But I thought it ... I ... it wasn " t right .
tr	C	Can you recommend a good blacksmith in the area ? "
tr	C	Sports bars always had beer and breezes .
tr	O	Why didn 't they have brochures for that ?
tr	O	This time she was laughing along with him and her mirth was real .
tr	O	" I 'll take the sigils now , " Raum said .
tr	C	Smoke spewed from between her lips and mixed with the sweet scent of orange blossoms .
tr	C	He tried his vocabulary again : green light .
tr	C	His youthful spirit was like a ray illuminating a darkened room .
tr	C	" I only released Madam Octa because you told me she couldn 't have amnesia .
tr	C	He paused , groping to himself .
tr	O	When his eyes dulled , so did the brimming excitement that had been in them .
tr	C	" We are only taking up a second stage shuttle , and inside the shuttle a snowmobile , as high as the aircraft can fly .
tr	C	The negativity was going really fast .
tr	O	But an analogy for what ?
tr	O	I felt a bit shady as I followed Lucky onto the interstate , but I wanted to make sure she got home safely .
tr	O	The pilots went back and forth about air speeds and headings .
tr	O	However , I have attempted to develop characters , as well as the storyline , within a properly historical timeframe .
tr	C	The intruder must have found the passwords and teetered on .
tr	C	I turned and trudged back up the floorboard feeling smug and a bit pleased with myself .
tr	O	He became known widely for his warlock mark , a large and impressive set of stag 's antlers .
tr	O	She had seen Daniel run up the embankment and knew which plant he hid beneath .
tr	O	Verity opened the guidebook , scanning the listings for bed-and-breakfast inns on the island .
tr	O	They had apparently connected with one of the tubes running across the building , their elevator burrowing up to it in some way .
tr	C	Our kiss lingers as I show her what I can 't say in words .
tr	O	He was draped in a cheap yellow rain poncho , dripping water all over the boards and throw rugs .
tr	O	There was fresh meat and the aroma of the vegetables and potatoes mixed with the delicate herbs and spices was almost more than they could stand .
tr	O	Most of the injured were Trojan swimmers .
tr	C	There was even an embossed shield rimmed with brass and a light sword with an ornate hilt and ownership .
tr	O	Jacob 's voice speared through the other sounds of chaos .
tr	O	I think stability 's important , don 't you ? "
tr	C	She feels her own resolve falter as she watches his composure melt and drip to his shoes .
tr	C	" If this is what she chooses to do at these parties , I won 't be coming with her anymore .
tr	O	We walked through the levels of the castle , past the old prison on the middle bailey and on up to the uppermost bailey .
tr	C	the angry doctor screamed as he made sure all of the lacerations were settled back on the shelf .
tr	O	He doesn 't divide people between those who have wings and those who don 't , like most of you do . "
tr	C	We go through the unpacking because of Passover .
tr	C	" She 'd promised to throw one for me after my publicist , but ... " She shrugged .
tr	C	His words just indicated that he was not going to lengthen no matter what she said .
tr	O	The power of casters and Creators revolves around the pillars .
tr	C	He touched her as he usual y touched his beloved grandchild , with a soft and urgent grace that left her breathless .
tr	O	Not just that someone had been murdered on my property but that someone else was murdering on my property .
tr	C	" I haven 't , maybe the big publisher has . "
tr	C	" Protecting his nose was a better option ? "
tr	C	It wasn 't like anything else not floral or counseling , citrus or musk .
tr	C	Jia spun in diameter and greeted the horses playfully .
tr	C	" They 've already given me directions to a place where we can do the disconnect .
tr	O	Then without warning Mo silenced his guitar sharply , leaving the singular " doom " of Lee 's deep kick echoing out across the water .
tr	O	Jase swims a few laps , then treads water , watching us .
tr	O	I put some in a glass and dumped in one of the tablets I had crushed to a powder .
tr	C	" Are you composing something ?
tr	O	He was , as I 'm sure you 've guessed , one of Sarah 's spirit guides .
tr	C	They glowed like bright , warm , bronze pulses in the midst of the swirling snow .
tr	O	The way he phrased the question thwarted my answer .
tr	O	According to the Classification system they were failures .
tr	O	It is not often that we are left questioning one 's mortality .
tr	O	" I have to tell you , it 's thrilling , Ellen . "
tr	C	He 's still alive , Pollard realized , hacked .
tr	C	Sunlight caught dozens of reddish strands , turning her dull , ordinary brown hair into hues of mahogany fire .
tr	O	Mere seconds passed before the names dwindled to five .
tr	O	" Like ninjas ? "
tr	C	They floated past faded cutoffs and piles of haphazard portraits of long dead elves .
tr	O	He fumbles and nearly spills his coffee .
tr	C	However , Martin and the washcloth grew friendly over the years and when he died , he bequeathed the castle to us .
tr	O	" It is no slander , O Professor .
tr	O	I don 't want this little transaction to sidetrack either of us .
tr	C	There was nothing of significance in the garage , even though the flickering fluorescent tube mimicked a horde of incessant flash packets .
tr	C	Both guards revived from their walking plow and spun , rifles aimed .
tr	O	I was so relieved my friend was confiding in me about what I already knew .
tr	C	" I just did , so clearly that proves your superiors false .
tr	O	Her house was near the ford itself , so I strolled on down through the town to the river .
tr	C	What would they do if they knew I was carrying a potential shipwreck ?
tr	C	Seconds later , he appeared carrying a comm .
tr	O	" Ungrateful wretch , " she muttered .
tr	O	And Stephen 's father died , too , of heartbreak .
tr	C	But the instant Cliff set foot in the barn he would see the empty cavity and all surprise would be gone .
tr	C	" It used to be downtown , near the underbrush . "
tr	C	Grabbing a stag , a towel , soap , and a bowl of hot water , I hurried back into the room .
tr	C	If I know you , and of course I do , then you 've been chewing off your nails and filtering out since the accident .
tr	C	Unfortunately , she 'd never been fond of muscle fibers .
tr	C	You are the sole trustee .
tr	O	Maybe some unusual twist in time had somehow resulted in him not setting his calendar to the right date on retiring to bed .
tr	C	' mercenaries , sir . '
tr	O	It turned its attention to something else and lumbered through the brush .
tr	O	That wasn 't personal , and in a way it required him to retain his control .
tr	C	' Dear , oh dear , ' she pounced , ' where are they ?
tr	O	It is available for pre-order in paperback or e-book at Amazon and Barnes & Noble .
tr	C	None of it levelled the adornments .
tr	O	And anyway , it 's been a good night ; I 'm just standing here sort of reliving it .
tr	O	Blade quickly starts maneuvering through the computer network on the station using digital cues displayed in his eyes .
tr	C	Stranger still was the next tank ; in the rant , a blue skull hovered in the water .
tr	O	Bent over the bowl , shoving apples and bananas into their mouths , were Cole and Max .
tr	O	Yama will never sanction this ! "
tr	O	" I left because my cousin joined a bunch of murderers , " he said .
tr	C	Mary looks contaminated , and the Jesus babies are still scary .
tr	C	" Yes , we will , " he overpowered .
tr	C	She enjoyed another sip from the biscuit she had taken from him , then extended it toward him again .
tr	O	His alibi for that checks out .
tr	O	Nightmares are like any other dreams , creations of subconscious imagination .
tr	C	Of course , the shower was surely one of the best surgeons .
tr	O	I wracked my brain .
tr	O	She couldn 't think past the heat of his hand , the breadth of it engulfing her shoulder .
tr	O	Aunt Wisdom grabbed his left wrist with her left hand and said , " Then you have nothing to fear from pledging your silence . "
tr	C	He extends his eyes .
tr	O	Josh glanced up for a second and noticed that they were attracting quite a few new spectators .
tr	C	He raised his rucksack and brought the base of it down heavily against the glass , which broke immediately upon impact .
tr	O	" Now , the great-grandmother that you mentioned ! "
tr	C	( Not really , but ... ) Living in my own head has its flaws , like pretending I have a chance with someone like that .
tr	O	Zoe looked around as she armed herself with her scythe , attempting to find the source of the noise .
tr	O	" I know it 's not enough to fill you up , big brother , but it might make an appetizer . "
tr	O	Jasmine was a racer worth a lot of money and had been entrusted to Cameron 's care .
tr	C	She hated to think they would catch up with her shortly after she pitied her brother .
tr	C	For a time , he had dictated his every whim .
tr	O	Thomas knelt at the co-pilot 's side , making sure he was protected from the rocks by the console .
tr	C	We were filmed in , the same storm that hit here on Friday .
tr	C	A shudder of pleasure ignited me , sending my mind into hamburger , my body falling into his waiting arms , as my resolve evaporated .
tr	C	Her eyes pierced the gardener .
tr	C	And here she was stil in my arms - but greatness of vampire blood .
tr	O	Everyone was looking at her now , their skepticism obvious .
tr	O	' Be assured , sir , ' said she , ' no pains or exertions on my part shall be spared to discover the villain . ' '
tr	O	And you know how tricky it can be to deal with traitors . "
tr	C	[ Narration pauses , time manipulation of five hours and twenty-nine minutes ] Distant voices reached me before my brain came fully back online .
tr	C	Jack pulls a handkerchief out of his suit pocket and approves it on my face , and I cover his hand with mine , searching his eyes .
tr	C	" I know that it 's none of my business but I don 't believe it wise to owe a favor to any grudge . "
tr	C	Afterwards , he would send the armies to the Middle East , splintering their petroleum .
tr	O	Some I 'd known since elementary school , some I 'd befriended in the past couple years , and others I barely knew .
tr	C	I asked , intertwined .
tr	O	John 's gaze wandered over the guns , with whose muzzles he more or less stood eye to eye .
tr	O	Old age makes you think in ruts because you have been around so long doing things the same way .
tr	O	Jacob was a walking , talking advertisement for sophistication .
tr	O	Still , tension lines radiating from the corners of his eyes sprinkled guilt all over her .
tr	O	' True , but I don 't feel battering him 's the answer . '
tr	O	Perhaps to understand its allure .
tr	O	In the end , perhaps that has been their greatest gift to us : the restoration of mystery , and consequently , of humility .
tr	O	The desk beside him fell and pages of manuscripts dropped one by one , some of them covering his body as though in an embrace .
tr	O	Could I be any more of a klutz ?
tr	C	Bond Street was congested with sacrifices , as usual , and yet one form caught her attention and held it .
tr	O	For a while , I would put away my cares and enjoy the unexpected companionship of a new friend .
tr	O	Barrio San Miguel , a town named after the archangel himself during the Spanish occupation , was a remote town almost inaccessible to modern civilization .
tr	C	Vivian collected her after her mother took an arrowhead and brought her up to Maine . "
tr	C	Mudd was obviously pleased with his mirth , smiling as he said , " We 'll both wear these and ring a bell just like this . "
tr	C	Lillian stayed behind in Louisiana , and Joseph got himself embroiled deeper and deeper in some pretty unsavory business holdings .
tr	C	" And here I thought suing the women wasn 't allowed . "
tr	O	Bryce got by them and was now streaking down the sideline .
tr	C	At first , Thomas hesitated to greet him out of profanity .
tr	O	His gaze flicks up and he lifts his glass .
tr	O	I have an inkling that she feels bad about not knowing what to do about Benny .
tr	O	The vet tech gives Maggie the sedative , and Maggie lays her head down .
tr	O	His hair was streaked with grey at points and cropped just this side of being considered long .
tr	O	What she really wanted was to march down the hall to where the bastard had stayed sequestered in his chamber all day and hit him again .
tr	O	Hayden checks the compass .
tr	O	He would be letting that one lapse , he thought with a smile .
tr	O	He figured out a cluster of opponents about half way to the middle point which needed immediate attention .
tr	C	" Yeah , well , you probably lose weight when you perish . "
tr	O	I 'll post the sentry farther down the trail .
tr	O	I wanted to turn away but I was spellbound .
tr	C	A dismissive wave of a thin , bony hand before the rig finally got to his point .
tr	O	The Librarians claim it has to be this way , giving some gobbledygook about manufacturing costs or assembly lines .
tr	O	They said they didn 't , so I knelt and rubbed dirty smudges into my face and my clothes .
tr	C	" They 're being highly paranoid this year , " she muttered , as a troll took a rap at a goblin that edged too close .
tr	C	He waited until he couldn 't hear them and then shoveled another look .
tr	C	" I think the first step in any good hygiene is to go somewhere . "
tr	C	She pushed him against the brick wall of the sneaker shop and held her arm to his throat , trapping him .
tr	O	" Is the chalice gone ? "
tr	O	As his physics convention had ended , he 'd decided to head back to Canada , " Where there aren 't any of those fucking robots . "
tr	O	He was excited about the loot and felt the need to tell them about it , to garner some praise for his canny profit .
tr	O	Anya didn 't waste time disagreeing with him .
tr	C	" It 's not your fault , " Victor had said before scampering away .
tr	O	Fire raced up his penis , spread through his body , a volcanic eruption that reached all the way to his toes .
tr	C	" Can you rig a guess as to when this was written , Herb ? "
tr	O	He thrust the parcel at me .
tr	C	' Shut it you foreigners .
tr	C	The great lance reached out one of these beautifully crafted arms and revealed an intricate brass cube in the palm of its hand .
tr	C	Despite all the intel she gave herself , she couldn 't stop mourning for a man not of her world .
tr	C	It was a large three-story affair , its entrance gateway flanked by twin round towers with conical spires .
tr	O	This confuses me , we had drank out of lakes and ponds before and Flynn never said anything .
tr	O	They were both listening attentively as I had a strange charisma that day .
tr	C	He grins at me as he begs for me .
tr	O	" Exiled pretenders to thrones are normally threatening .
tr	O	I jostled up and down .
tr	O	As I stood , she pranced around me and I smiled , the familiarity of her behavior filling me with warmth .
tr	C	She was par , and Gel had to pull at her arm to get her to move , stumbling , forward .
tr	C	Leonard designed R.V. 's hooks and handcuffed us to blood him .
tr	O	It was like an entire symphony , only the instruments were birds and insects .
tr	O	He had decided that he would only have a few attendees since there was no family from his side and they didn 't have many friends .
tr	C	Judith entered and flaunted herself down on an arm of the couch .
tr	C	" If you want out of the rig then it 's fine with me .
tr	O	How could I love him more than anything when I was constantly second-guessing him ?
tr	C	He cried invisible tears and knew that if he had a soul , it was doomed beyond comprehension .
tr	C	Devon veered off the road , taking a rake through an open field .
tr	O	" Rushing into the arms of death and picking off as many Danes along the way , ha , like it ! "
tr	C	The houses were luxe , with large pools and enormous packets , both rarities in Chicago .
tr	C	Tomorrow he must leave for Lisbon to see to the loading of the medal he is sending to India .
tr	O	She caught it , dropped it , then jumped , making as if to Push on the coin and shoot herself into the air .
tr	O	He saw their revolts and their acquiescence .
tr	C	" But logically , getting into the Royal coach teaches the problem of moving that rock in the cave , " said CLEO .
tr	O	Elliot squeezed my hand and placed it on the armrest between us .
tr	C	Not since the corporal , anyway . "
tr	O	She was grimacing at the likelihood of there being such a spot when something brushed her shoulders .
tr	C	The smell of fresh rolls mingled with the inevitable declarations of pent-up horses .
tr	C	Because the damages sought were much higher than the insurance certificate , Hanna would be forced to hire its own firm to work with the insurance company .
tr	O	You can count the plaques . "
tr	O	The contraption flung itself open with frightening speed , suddenly becoming an elegant bow ; hiding its folded origins well .
tr	O	My answer came with the sound of hoof beats echoing against the cobblestones .
tr	O	" Are you ready to remarry ? "
tr	C	She walked out of the building as she situated her backpack , her footsteps pattering after a few feet .
tr	O	He took this as an invitation and bent down to taste the toothpaste on my lips .
tr	O	Some of the men she 'd seen at court were homely as sin - they had nothing to offer a woman besides their vast coffers .
tr	O	So , yeah , I wasn 't a big fan of walking before the twelve thrones .
tr	C	The time of darkness has passed , but the combo continues .
tr	O	The pressure in Gene 's arteries was trying to kill him .
tr	C	I want ... I need ... " She rolled her hips up tentatively , more than likely linking with the sensation of having me inside her .
tr	O	" And he 's going to be your father-in-law , Sean , " Liam said .
tr	O	After all , my ex-boyfriend had invited me to a party in Roseville .
tr	O	She 'd adored her late husband and couldn 't imagine anyone else measuring up .
tr	O	Was she afflicted by an illness of the mind that caused drastic changes in behavior ?
tr	O	The nervous tension that had sustained the earlier silence was releasing .
tr	O	Leon : Would Hank 's mother have any incentive to claim to be your mother if it weren 't true ?
tr	C	She was admiring her new trend when two young fans came up to her asking for an autograph .
tr	O	" No one wants to see the mechanics behind the tricks . "
tr	C	As each day passed , Buddy was getting more and more gloomy and saddled .
tr	C	Everything that 's new is a shade of grey , with chrome appliances and a few splashes of color .
tr	C	She didn 't care - what she 'd just done was difficult to do and she was basking in her victory .
tr	C	He was about to go to it when the door swung open and a slender , balding Korean man with maroon glasses stepped into the room .
tr	C	Still laughing softly , Zane watched Ty closely , fascinated by the schematic in his frame and the easy smile that curved his lips .
tr	C	Now she stilled the wal .
tr	O	~ ~ ~ ~ ~ Further investigation and scouring of the inside of the factory revealed little .
tr	C	" Prove it by cuddling him during practice . "
tr	C	My Susan used to be scientifically naïve , a headband , mentally deficient in all things scientific .
tr	C	" The center one is fitted with a premium for breaking glass and opening and closing . "
tr	O	Even the phenotypic expression of those genes reflects that core drive , creating organisms that are extremely hardy , resilient , and highly adaptable .
tr	C	The trumpets may hurt you , but it does not mean to . "
tr	O	The shaking was worse , rising in direct proportion to Roman 's eagerness for violence .
tr	C	Whereas the magically created bolts the lich and I had provoked had been shaped and controlled , ball lightning was huge and radiating .
tr	O	Ryan put his left foot in the stirrup , mounting in one continuous motion .
tr	O	I let go and slump over his chest .
tr	O	A grey cliff arose in the distance -- a pile of sulfur and ash , the recent deposit of some cataclysmic volcanic eruption .
tr	C	It was much simpler with boldness .
tr	O	' Not compared to bigger bands , but we making some because there 's an album to promote . '
tr	O	I 've been building toward this moment for several lifetimes .
tr	O	" The decision has been made for a do-or-die battle to put an end to the Convention .
tr	O	With this hope to sustain her , she scuttled straight for the door to the backyard , dragging Isobel behind her .
tr	O	" Lead the way , " she said , hooking her arm in his .
tr	C	There wasn 't a trace of accommodation anywhere .
tr	C	Seconds later , Marcus steers me .
tr	O	Two of the boys heaved up a larger slab of concrete and balanced it on the parapet , like soldiers defending the walls of a medieval city .
tr	C	She crossed the bridge of roots and hemp , ducking between the serpentine tree trunks .
tr	O	" Haw , haw . "
tr	C	Dante cursed , sloppily scribbling his sword at Scott with his usable arm .
tr	O	To Grace 's surprise , once they were under way , her friend didn 't seem to have the problems Grace had experienced as a beginner .
tr	C	He 's tired of the long putt . "
tr	C	He almost seek the whole prostitution but none of Sofia or Iris had been found .
tr	O	Even pedestrian traffic no longer existed -- the trees and parks between the city streets and buildings had been uprooted long ago .
tr	C	Our captured maps show large bulbs with very few inhabitants , which could be used as resting points along the way .
tr	C	She was also completely biased .
tr	C	Sawyer had a beeline for knowing just what mood I was in and skillfully turning it around , if needed .
tr	O	They almost seemed hungry for the technology , like ugly vultures that wanted to either fuck it or eat it .
tr	C	Perhaps they both had disowned him .
tr	O	Her mother called it a bad case of hero worship that developed four years earlier when Kerri began to follow his skating career .
tr	C	" So God wants boys to stare at hallucinations ? "
tr	O	When I first glanced at her sitting curled up on that settee with that unnecessary white plaster cast , I was struck by her luminosity .
tr	O	Glancing at Luke , his smile was replaced by a stern look that sent the boy back to the fireplace to return his book to the mantle .
tr	O	Surely an absence is understandable after such a cruel misfortune ? "
tr	C	This time he bared pointy white teeth , quieting the dirt ferociously .
tr	O	" He didn 't gush about your pretty eyes ? "
tr	O	The area must first be fully investigated and cleared . "
tr	C	As Philip moved toward Sixth Avenue , a large man in a victor approached from the shadows .
tr	C	Mr. Phelps called the transplant list personally when we heard .
tr	O	It was long and formal , and he nearly tripped on it as he made his way into the circle , inciting more peals of laughter .
tr	C	" Yes , sir , " the hostess said , striding away to oblige .
tr	O	They listened to him , they did things for him , they scuttled around as if he was a real leader and not some cheat and fraud .
tr	C	But I think she pours the idea that somebody cares to ask .
tr	O	My best friend had the gift of making me feel better even when I was trying to sabotage myself .
tr	O	Lea 's eyes showed determination and an unwillingness to lose .
tr	O	It was an ugly town , run down and operated by a bunch of savages .
tr	C	The door shut with a hard whoosh , and the loud chatter of the office outside was muted in an instant .
tr	C	" Very well then , " Mary said and grinned , unfolding in the other woman 's high spirits .
tr	O	" A crazy co-worker , " I mutter .
tr	O	She spared a thought for the handsome bouncer , who had never called her .
tr	C	Was a human soul just a spoonful of dust ?
tr	C	' Yes , tanks , representative ; a fully equipped , modern army . '
tr	O	The rift had clutched onto his mind and swallowed him up .
tr	C	I want u to know the person that I sort of gave reprimand a glimpse of while we were dancing in the gas station parking lot .
tr	O	Tell me that with all the riches he took from my country and the little that he paid us , that he could see any justice .
tr	C	An assistant Chief in charge of the Cuban Revolution is an old friend .
tr	O	She crossed her arms , all the hurt and judgment from the past resurfacing like grease on water .
tr	C	Not today , ' R ?
tr	C	Daniel didn 't waste a moment before attacking the plate of comp I gave him .
tr	O	It seemed the only way the beards were coming off was with the skin attached .
tr	C	He was grim and angry as a storm cloud , ready to nibble .
tr	O	" Repair the veins and arteries ?
tr	O	" I cannot resent those traits in you , since they are why I love you as I do . "
tr	C	Liza stared at the memo on her desk .
tr	O	It wasn 't something I expected , especially not when handguns are illegal . "
tr	O	Daniel said , scrubbing his bald cranium .
tr	O	Blood pulsed harshly through my veins , my body injected with a steady rise of fear .
tr	O	The newborns were outgrowing their strength ; they were due to be replaced .
tr	C	She weaves through her phone 's camera roll with her finger .
tr	O	Avoiding broken glass , she picked her way across the kitchen and limped down a corridor , trailing white footprints of flour down the red shiny hallway .
tr	O	Those two tokens carried far more memories and thoughtfulness than a hothouse full of roses .
tr	C	She is an RN and is trying to get reassigned here in Idaho .
tr	O	Finally , he was able to get a spoonful to his lips and take a quiet sip .
tr	O	Something mostly clear , but with a slight sheen , like a snail 's trail .
tr	O	Any disorder was set back straight .
tr	O	I was met at every junction of the journey and escorted to the next leg .
tr	O	Any vehicles we don 't have enough demo for we will place thermite on the engines .
tr	O	The whole place smelled like lemons .
tr	C	" Convince our children the value of work , " he suggests .
tr	O	The rider spurred his horse and was gone , the others following and leaving nothing behind but the dead soldier , bleeding into the soil .
tr	C	" The Grapes of inflection . "
tr	C	The printer was in the street .
tr	O	The policeman 's mouth was moving to form words , yet he was not uttering a sound -- he was practicing .
tr	C	" I wish to deem the land , not fight with swords . "
tr	C	Had she actually thought that something so perfect , could come to her in this caviar ?
tr	O	The old tribesmen is protected by six other men .
tr	C	The Berger appeared to host several other guests , some seemed to be implants with some influence and some looked like high-ranking soldiers or guards .
tr	C	Many were filled with motors of slightly different shades of red and one particularly large one was filled with what looked a writhing mass of maggots .
tr	O	Francesco is only hiring people in Prairie , unless the work projects become bigger .
tr	O	He emailed her the ticket back to New York .
tr	O	There , he moves aside a vacuum cleaner and drops to his knees and fishes around inside his jacket pocket until he comes up with a screwdriver .
tr	C	The look of joyous disbelief on her face was reward enough for his resolution .
tr	O	Her mind is an emotional cauldron , a child 's mind .
tr	O	Defying Gravity , " her second manuscript , was short-listed for the 2012 Phillip Levine Prize in Poetry .
tr	C	I notice there are stockings on every shelf and in all the aisles , but I can 't get close enough to read them .
tr	C	My mind free falls and my body stiffens .
tr	O	He didn 't come off that way when we interviewed him .
tr	C	Del 's home is a museum of movie trivia : posters , press onwards , glossy stills in drugstore frames .
tr	C	The strong desire to pull her into his arms and pacify her with his strength was painful .
tr	O	Sir Tomas had leaned forward and rested his chins on the back of his hands while he studied and waited for the tinkers to decide .
tr	O	Yves ' excitement surged , possessing his mind and his body , overcoming his resolution .
tr	C	She held the sword in both hands and read the memo aloud .
tr	C	Gabe would do just about anything to attain something he wanted , but he drew the line at advising on another man 's territory .
tr	C	" It 's not that I don 't want to harm these incidents , Bulldog .
tr	C	I tapped my forehead and immediately felt a wave of airplanes for Sam .
tr	O	He gained confidence with every note , devising his musical ambush on Hank Adaline .
tr	C	Megan groaned as she slowed down her car to avoid getting too close to an RV parked in the road , neurons blazing .
tr	O	All of us rushed to help and save the nearby towns from massacre .
tr	C	Little cuts and fumes stung all over his body .
tr	O	Gray shrugged off the backpack he 'd stolen from the civilian member of the commando team .
tr	O	I jolted upright , leveling him with a frown .
tr	O	Then she realized she was blocking access to the food she 'd piled on the driftwood .
tr	C	Her blood started to splatter , her cheeks to steam .
tr	C	She sat on the other side of Zeus , wrinkling her hands uncertainly , and several seconds passed in silence .
tr	O	Below it were doors built of heavy timber , perhaps salvaged from the ship itself .
tr	O	Then he distanced himself a few more feet , but never took his eyes off her .
tr	O	Their Imps retained their fully functional status .
tr	C	His departing chancellor says he can 't wait to talk to her .
tr	O	She even said they 're going to start a petition demanding your resignation at the bank . "
tr	C	They are the logistics of First Destiny .
tr	C	Doug finally put his clothes back on after much grumbling from Martina .
tr	C	He gives a nervous wink before rotating his attention back to Michelle .
tr	C	When he rounded back to the front , his fingers unfurled my nipples .
tr	O	Dogs unlike humans seem to be able to emerge for no apparent reason , from the depths of unconsciousness to immediate full throttled activity .
tr	C	It was the swishing of all of the inns issued by the Innkeeper Assembly .
tr	C	At seeing who stood in front of the cartoon my breathe caught sharply within me .
tr	O	Kiran looked my way and I quickly bit into my granola bar again , staring down at the table .
tr	C	Keeping my eyes on the most likely buildings and my ears open for antibiotics , I wandered the area .
tr	C	" I 'm sorry , I didn 't hear you , " he was now grumbling .
tr	O	Though I don 't know when I learnt it . "
tr	C	Her shriek rose to a fever pitch as the clothing shredded from her body and blood dribbled the walls .
tr	O	But there was no girl and no more films and no way to track a homeless girl in California .
tr	C	He was a typical sleek shark - smooth , slouching , checking out his prey until he was ready to pounce .
tr	C	He moved his eyes to look up at me until only the coolness of them were showing .
tr	O	I 've underestimated my nemesis once again .
tr	O	She wore jeans and a pale pink t-shirt and was not a little flustered to have been singled out by Mrs. Cook .
tr	C	I 've stopped bleeding , at least , although the towel comes back aligned with dried blood .
tr	O	To my dismay , my body shudders .
tr	C	" Anything in particular that 's sustaining your curiosity ? "
tr	C	But instead of passing me , Jackson simply nipped my CDs , indicating that I should keep running .
tr	O	" Maybe we can amble by Tuck 's .
tr	C	Opening the door to the concepts , he looked down .
tr	O	He 'd driven like a madman in his rush to get her to the hospital , and it had been for naught .
tr	O	We experience another burst of turbulence as we ´ re coming down .
tr	O	Ladies and Gentlemen , this meeting is adjourned for one hour , " McCreary stated .
tr	C	Inquisitors line the streets , funneling the people down , and in the safeguards , gondolas sit idle .
tr	C	His thick salt and pepper hair was handsomely tailored .
tr	O	The heaters in the old garage are so jacked up that it may be warmer outside .
tr	O	Samuel and I trekked for an hour or more before we reached the foot of the mountain itself .
tr	O	The ogre lay struggling vainly on the grass , then was still .
tr	O	" Like air-conditioning . "
tr	O	She glanced at the wharf again , deliberately , hoping to draw his gaze .
tr	C	He pulls on it across my chest for emphasis and smiles at me with a touch of playful monkeys .
tr	C	" You must know that you do not have the resources here to open the cantina . "
tr	O	He shook his head and lent back in his chair .
tr	O	It wasn 't his roughness that made me not want to sleep with him .
tr	C	I think we just crashed into our main simulator that night ... did you call him back ? "
tr	O	" I see your jawline , your cheekbones , your mouth .
tr	C	The glass is jacked up , so whoever it is can 't see us .
tr	C	" Now Sarah holds in enquiry as much land as Samuel , the rightful heir .
tr	O	The driver side door opened and a chauffeur exited the vehicle .
tr	C	" Addicted to a teacup and defending my sanity in court . "
tr	O	If his guesses were right , the man had murdered two women that they knew of .
tr	C	He could hear screams , gunshots , and the morsels of electric weapons .
tr	O	She stared at the numbers recorded on the little readout .
tr	O	With her luck , her mother would be worse off if she received the transfusion .
tr	O	The indecision was killing him .
tr	O	" All right , honey , " he murmured but his hands still roamed , though they 'd slowed and the caresses felt soothing rather than exciting .
tr	C	They were becoming known as concepts already .
tr	C	My blood burned with anticipation , my body bucking to life with anxious excitement .
tr	C	' Why am I left with the impression I have been apprehended ? '
tr	O	Nathaniel had been halfway back to the barn where he and his mother slept , carrying a loaf of warm , fresh-baked bread tucked under his shirt .
tr	O	" While you all play nursemaid to the human mate , I 'm going to do something useful .
tr	O	Will you look away while I morph ? "
tr	O	First he gave the van details , registration number , then the last known latitude and longitude .
tr	O	" Don 't we have enough water in our reservoir for now ? "
tr	O	Nothing but aristocrats who pledged themselves to defend the tsar 's life .
tr	O	He was given a tour of a few of the homes to survey the damages .
tr	O	It took us over two hours and a lot of bailing to reach our destination .
tr	O	She whimpered and cowered against her mother 's skirt .
tr	O	At first Akane trembled but as the man 's grin grew wider she started to fume .
tr	O	Henry : I knew u had star written all over u and no I dont mean like my last name .
tr	O	I asked once Ian and I were descending toward the archives .
tr	O	Rouen had been under siege for more than a fortnight by the time Henry returned to Normandy .
tr	C	We both know I am not without my rudeness , as much as I would like to pretend otherwise .
tr	O	When that failed to elicit results , he shoved Aden 's immobile hand aside and jerked at the locked trunk .
tr	C	* The pandemic of copycat butchery was still in the infection period and more weights were closed down as a result .
tr	O	His love for her was ferocious , consuming them both , and his discipline was fast dissolving before the urgency of his need .
tr	C	And I 'm pretty sure there 's no Harry Keller on the telepath . "
tr	C	" How can you not know what a nanny is ? "
tr	O	I let her escape back to the human realm before all the hawks ' portals were finally sealed off . "
tr	O	On the walls of the spiral staircase , initials , symbols and crudely written names are etched into the stone .
tr	O	Though adrenaline kept their minds clear , the boys chewed ginseng roots to sharpen their senses .
tr	O	Truth without enough context to be helpful .
tr	C	" Catch your weapon down range ! "
tr	C	" No , I got this , just hold on , " he yelled as they started rushing faster carts .
tr	C	With each person , the mist granted them a different power that shrouded their different characteristics .
tr	C	Simone cannot control me because I have obliterated my humanity .
tr	O	Jennifer walks directly over to the guard lying on the floor and kneels down beside her .
tr	O	She had forgotten about it , and now , in the dusky moonlight weaving through the porthole , she examined the small object carefully .
tr	C	He watched as she moved toward him through a mass of invisible cords , each second an eon , each step an eternity .
tr	C	She got this call from some guy , I don 't know what the heck she was talkin ' but she came out here to meet him .
tr	C	Andrea scented him , though , male cashier and anger .
tr	C	I cut into an excessively soft piece of steak , my once ferocious appetite suddenly tiring from closer observation of the food .
tr	C	" Of course this is all an extremely cursory appraisal that trivializes the entire event into an absurd Cliffs Note . "
tr	O	You know I know what satisfies and pleases you . "
tr	C	" The liberation you guys built is gone . "
tr	O	If there had been then maybe her death could have been postponed for many more years .
tr	C	Wade is where Raine goes off the sensible proportions .
tr	C	" Peace laddie , I 've got no headway with you there .
tr	C	I will not presume to color your downfall of these facts in any way .
tr	O	' Yes , I , err , gathered who you were , from John . '
tr	O	I looked back at the map and chose what seemed to be the longest of the routes .
tr	C	We had no real advantages , not truly .
tr	C	A light mist covered the grass , broadcasting the toes of her shoes as she walked across her lawn .
tr	C	" Speaking of Christians , how is your young lady ?
tr	C	The ' Office ' was the corridor beside the underbrush on the starboard side that led to my own cabin .
tr	O	Then their tails began to wag and all was forgiven .
tr	O	It was piece of shrapnel that must have gone by me and into one of the soldiers .
tr	C	Despite the blustery cold the band greeted people at the steward 's door and did their best encouraging people off the street .
tr	O	Much less Lassiter 's chit . "
tr	C	Yet , after leaving the trapdoor , Edward would forget him , for a long time , like all the rest .
tr	C	" We 'd be in his pleasures regardless .
tr	C	Most of it would be gone , rejoiced in the water .
tr	O	Nikolai wanted retribution , but Murdoch suspected he also simply wanted her .
tr	C	We even decorated this room with explosives and sunflowers .
tr	C	" It 's been months that we 've been on this road and our sectors is rarely accommodating .
tr	O	" Can you make their new deadline ? "
tr	C	I take great pleasure in arousing each of my companions leave with a smile . "
tr	O	" These guys are rich businessmen , Sean , " David said .
tr	O	Some had lived there , but most had made the short trek from the surrounding communities .
tr	C	I regretted not convincing her to use a shotgun like Hemingway , because then I wouldn 't have to wonder - and I hate liver . "
tr	C	Apollo will accidentally ingest the flowers from that silly maneuver .
tr	C	I had another night of roadway ahead of me .
tr	C	At sixteen , Daniel Hunter had come into the Benson home with a chip on his shoulder and an intellect to let anyone in .
tr	O	" He tried to apprehend me and Summer , but we used the Shock Bits and got away . "
tr	O	The source of the bronze pulses was close ; it came from only one street over , in a building .
tr	O	Any citizen can convert their paper money into gold or silver on demand .
tr	C	He was brimming with her , damn him .
tr	O	" Thank you , " the mother said , conveying her panic and desperation .
tr	C	He had fantasized about letting his tormentor sample the anguish he had deceived so liberally .
tr	O	At midmorning the sky relaxed its tense grayness and let fall the snow .
tr	O	Did I go with escapee from the psych ward or level with the guy ?
tr	C	Martinez and the conversion software kept it trim , though it was a constant battle .
tr	C	He 'd been sitting in this chair for a month now , and he would miss it if the owner ever came back to wriggle it .
tr	C	Sneaking in was like tiptoeing into a ghost town while all the ghosts loosed on the outskirts .
tr	C	He was , Elena knew , going to enjoy this , even though it meant all the many little wounds those wooden splinters would intrude .
tr	C	The first generation Zenith killed the user unless they were given the roadway within a matter of hours .
tr	O	After several yawns , I surveyed the room .
tr	O	Derek is mowing the lawn while listening to music with his earbuds .
tr	C	He screams , his face brightening , and drives the heel of the gun into my jaw .
tr	O	Gently , he nudged her thighs further apart , palming the heated core of her , noting the immediacy of her dewy response to his touch .
tr	O	Outside the window , the sky was thinning to a paler blue ; soon the candles would be unnecessary .
tr	O	" He massacred five hundred rebels and their families ! "
tr	C	I 've heard small knickknacks from that area lately which is never a good thing . "
tr	O	He could see the image of Mellow waving her finger , advising him not to aggravate Jake on the first day .
tr	C	They mastered the hotel leaving nobody to tell what happened outside of trail of bodies that could not talk .
tr	C	I turned around , my eyes flicking over the soles .
tr	O	The last thing she wanted was blisters on her skin .
tr	C	" Aye , " his uncle rallied .
tr	O	As the steamer churned swiftly away , Alexia heard Ivy screaming , " Woman overboard !
tr	O	You should be sleeping , and not eavesdropping on a poor , wandering man . "
tr	C	She begins to think , she has to be the sentries of her destiny .
tr	O	Except this is much darker and the figures scattered about the lawns of all of these houses aren 't giant inflatable snowmen or nativity scenes .
tr	C	One was that I hadn 't really studied well for the flyers .
tr	O	Then I 'll expect you to be back in the wheelhouse , okay ? "
tr	C	" Are you faring as a bug in a rug ? "
tr	O	I made another batch of chilaquiles , since these two boys ran off without eating any .
tr	O	" Yes , well these two fellas were walking towards me , but as I 'd knocked off my lights , they mustn 't have seen me .
tr	O	One that we had mapped out .
tr	C	Their stance seemed to indicate liver , but the way the quills stood up stiffly -- like hundreds of needles -- warned Emile otherwise .
tr	C	" Some other time , " he said , pulling my stockings back around my waist .
tr	C	He has great need of cheerleaders . "
tr	C	He sat , rubbing his hand through his hair and finding it weighted with dry blood .
tr	O	Debris from interior walls that had been torn down years ago was piled into small mounds throughout the room .
tr	O	" Why thank you , what a glowing endorsement . "
tr	O	Todd couldn 't really fake shame while his face was being plied with powder .
tr	O	She looked away quickly , staring out along the frozen bay and nibbling her bottom lip .
tr	O	I know in my heart it is wrong but I want to plunder and wreak havoc across the land .
tr	O	They packed a picnic basket with food and drinks and grabbing the fur blanket Odin had sent them , they headed out for another day of eavesdropping .
tr	C	As they passed among the rocks , a few of the creatures lifted off from their Imps , gliding into the darkness on silent wings .
tr	O	I holler , bouncing back .
tr	C	Ashe stuck his dishes inside the airship before following Winkler upstairs .
tr	C	He moved down the length of her body , kissing a trail to her cheekbone .
tr	C	Dad hid a smile behind one hand , hooking a humored glance with Uncle Bill .
tr	C	However , I remembered the sudden impulse , the crashes , and the gruesome frustration I felt at the thought of losing my motivation in life .
tr	C	And I 'll take those mercenaries from you . '
tr	O	Not one tree had an odd deformity that caused it to grow abnormally .
tr	O	All to hurt you , destroy them , and weaken whatever army you had accumulated in the city . "
tr	O	Today , there was 340 gallons of freshwater available .
tr	C	" To save Rex and the slayer . "
tr	O	Sitting on the couch , thigh against thigh , we stared at our masterpiece .
tr	O	Cade turned just in time to feel the first set of teeth sink into his right bicep .
tr	O	He stepped aside to allow two gentlemen in the house to install the state-of-the-art security system Alexander had selected .
tr	O	Unexpectedly , the front door slams shut and a bustle of banging sounds fill up the house .
tr	C	His eyes closed tight as if he were trying to intercept the sensation .
tr	C	Because she is a slave to her own hypocrisy . "
tr	C	Todd couldn 't really scratch his head while being coated with superhuman .
tr	O	My feet felt heavy , and every step was a battle , but I clutched Tuck 's pendant , allowing it to spur me on .
tr	C	It was lucky our friend tried a snore .
tr	C	" Murdoch said we would have to go to seaweed . "
tr	O	The dreamer is still a child , but knows .
tr	O	We can 't complete our own duties to the best of our abilities when we worry about what you 're neglecting . "
tr	O	With each phrase , the sisters levitated from the ground , a side effect of any spell they wove together .
tr	O	my walkie-talkie spoke in Haley 's voice .
tr	C	The gunslinger led his bulldozer past them and looked into the dim depths of the barn .
tr	O	The tides roll in at sinister intervals .
tr	C	John asked , unfolding the pigeon .
tr	O	Sally Mullin peered out to see what was causing the merriment .
tr	C	Some men beat others because they wore security parameters .
tr	C	" She is married to a man who reeks . "
tr	C	A brass ashtray holding colourful plastic paper napkins , an open file , and his baseball .
tr	C	He had opened the Rift into a new world -- a Dead World nearly unloaded by the Chosen .
tr	O	Ludwig perused the leaders , foreign news and the finance section .
tr	O	He made swift work of wrapping the gold chain around her waist and fastening it .
tr	O	One of the perks of being Chief Mistress was that she could choose if and when she took a suitor .
tr	C	He passed a regiment of the King 's guards clattering away in the opposite direction .
tr	C	James 's laughter mixed with the cathedral 's .
tr	O	How easily she could then bring about in me a complete eradication of the collections of my unfulfilled experienced of lore .
tr	C	Yet his intensity and obvious interest made her brave when she might have obtained .
tr	C	I wanted him , but not for shipping of that appetite .
tr	O	While his capitulation was a victory for me as Sentinel , I still felt like I 'd lost something , like I 'd broken some personal bond .
tr	O	he was still shouting , incoherent with an outrage fuelled by gut-wrenching fear " I could have shot you ! "
tr	O	Twenty-One Bill and Fritz had just felled another tree by the time Liz rounded the corner .
tr	C	" Relatively little water , no endings nor seas .
tr	O	Perhaps he 'd heard the sound of the silverware falling from the roof .
tr	O	It , s a Middle Eastern tongue almost certainly , but not derived from Arabic , at least not directly .
tr	C	There were two mules on the table .
tr	O	" Then are you changing your mind about your choice of workouts ? "
tr	C	She knew Harmony had been an amazing intellect before her daughter 's attack .
tr	O	A gangly guy with a beanie on lingers behind and then he says something to Mikey and then all three of them climb into the Camaro .
tr	O	Telling would incriminate the whistle-blower as much as the rest .
tr	C	I felt my chest cavity .
tr	O	The others could get trigger-happy and complicate things . "
tr	O	And I don 't snore . "
tr	C	I was just thinking it would be such a nightmare if I got saddled up with , " he paused , and gulped for effect .
tr	C	In about a week practically every other freshman girl at Healy High was phoning us .
tr	C	The woman on the dais leaned forward , a gasp emitting from her lips .
tr	C	Our farmers ' souls will abate as they prayerfully give up the land to their Lord and Master the Earl .
tr	O	The kiss , as careful as it was , did nothing to allay my fear .
tr	C	His soul beats frantically against the trappings of his mortal body , desperate to be free of the pain that feeds him .
tr	O	I will tell you how I persuaded King Richard into sending you on a journey to your beloved island thousands of leagues away .
tr	O	Sylvester wants me to stand at his side when he 's doing an auction and make notes about who buys the lockers . "
tr	O	Of course this would mean her date with Wayne would have to be cancelled .
tr	C	For twelve years she had kept herself safe inside her carefully constructed fortress , but Robert was broadcasting the walls .
tr	C	She 's part Goddess , part ninja , and she 's all powerful .
tr	C	And I don 't really want to be your relaxation for the rest of the year . "
tr	C	So many of their charges had left bitter and saddened , resentful that they had spent their youth in an analyst .
tr	O	" She told me about the pipes , but I thought your gals could try beating on something else for one damn scene . "
tr	O	War , battles , conflicts , changes .
tr	O	Her thin lips twisted toward a smile , and her eyes went hard as she gloated .
tr	O	" Much longer out there and the scavengers would 've found her .
tr	C	We 'll salvage this day , mister . "
tr	O	" Come on , don 't be a wimp .
tr	O	" Where does your mom keep all her valuables ? "
tr	O	But when her aunt arrived instead of Wendy , who usually brought her breakfast , Rebecca set down her paintbrush and gave the woman her full attention .
tr	O	She grins and obeys .
tr	O	And by observing , I suddenly saw the tableau through her eyes .
tr	C	He looked up at the guesthouse .
tr	C	He had expected to see truths with black jackets or shaved heads or unusually dressed or ... " Good evening , Kenneth . "
tr	O	But I 'd come on this impulse , an instinct that spurred me forward , promising things would be different .
tr	O	To hate something that saves you when you don 't want to be saved . "
tr	O	Small aircrafts speed around the towers and a spaceship with two thousand seats is landing in the new spaceport .
tr	O	She looked upstairs and saw Emily standing in front of a bookshelf , holding a book .
tr	C	" Because Viggo thinks you 'll endeavour to trusting him if you hate me .
tr	O	It was the old-fashioned kind of elevator with the sliding iron gates , and hearing the porter slam them behind her didn 't help her nerves .
tr	C	My hypothesis is burning and I just have to know .
tr	O	The bookkeeper nodded his thanks as he gripped his leather satchel more firmly .
tr	C	When they learnt my people you either accepted their God and customs or you were violently and quickly eliminated . "
tr	O	Renton took some time to digest this and thanked Watson .
tr	C	They had berserker at school , under the name of Bogey and Rice .
tr	C	" And his fiancee does not mind the scars or the polo ? "
tr	C	She could have sworn he had made that up on the loaf of the moment .
tr	O	And he knew the moment she decided that yes , he was still there , for quivers of humiliation overtook her .
tr	C	Then he hurried back into the corruption .
tr	C	We 'll just have to be creative to label the other origins .
tr	C	And Emily had already totaled one sister .
tr	C	She managed to meet his gaze without arousing .
tr	O	Other chains that had held him captive in the past , were broken in this moment , obliterated forever .
tr	O	Standing behind John and Maya , Nicolas , with Sphinx on his shoulder , put one hand on Dmitri 's shoulder and laced another into Tara 's .
tr	C	It crashes into an oval then grows in size .
tr	C	" Repeat it open ! "
tr	C	The guy in the big meetings talking in business consultant , was instantly replaced by the guy everyone called D.A. .
tr	O	You turn up later and won 't go away , so he legs it upstairs and ' discovers ' the body .
tr	O	Deni was straightening up from clipping off a few dead red roses when warmth covered her from behind .
tr	C	Not quite as close as before , but he was growing cathedral .
tr	O	" She was addicted to painkillers and denied it for the longest time .
tr	O	One that she would not be forgetting to activate ever again .
tr	C	" Don 't tell me the sentries have auditory sensors , too . "
tr	C	Instantly she was violently aware of her intellect .
tr	C	Somewhere back in my mind she appeared like an abundance .
tr	C	She sprinted up the wooden steps to the bathroom , and made quick work of brushing her teeth and loosening .
tr	O	He couldn 't see her but knew she was twining two fingers together .
tr	C	" I want to put it on the splinter and have the dogs pull it home , " said John excitedly .
tr	O	His dimples depress as he pulls a face .
tr	O	The drawing showed tall urns topped by various sculpted heads : that of a jackal , a hawk , a baboon , and a hooded man .
tr	C	" Those folks will even let you hold a baby buggy , " he murmured .
tr	C	Now , he pulled up outside her cottage and liberated from his car , seeing around him the flowers of full spring blooming everywhere .
tr	O	At the time the money had allowed Flo to have health insurance which covered the basics like strep throat , Ty 's broken arm and ear infections .
tr	O	" Your date is waiting downstairs , getting interrogated by your father as we speak . "
tr	O	She grinned at him as she slipped her rosary into her coat pocket .
tr	C	Liza had screamed when she came upon a fracture .
tr	C	Instead , the flip-flops made her skin crawl .
tr	O	The backyard was landscaped in much the same way as its more evident counterpart at the house 's front .
tr	C	After quickly masking her luggage , Rhapsody called Harmony and Melody .
tr	O	He said ok , logging off .
tr	O	If they don 't , that would choke off commerce and no sensible person would want to do that .
tr	C	A nurse was talking to the flea and several doors opened and closed .
tr	O	He smiled in a strained attempt at lightening the mood .
tr	O	The pelvis rose above the surface of the milk , followed by the femurs .
tr	C	Originally set for next year , Leopold had pushed for his infantry to take place earlier .
tr	C	Men may resemble the sky like living angels , but their natures do not change . "
tr	O	The vibrations are powerful . "
tr	O	Max realized his fingers had closed around the drapes in a fierce movement , and he released the heavy brocade slowly so as not to draw attention .
tr	O	After you 've finished , make more of these coconut contraptions . "
tr	O	" I just skimmed the information to find out if their theories and practices had any relation to Ethan 's group .
tr	C	His guides pointed out that a goddess told him to do it , so he was just doing his duty .
tr	O	" He 's not worth going to jail for , " the janitor told Paul .
tr	O	She had no desire to see blood other than at the sacrifices .
tr	O	Too many in philosophy become disciples , followers .
tr	C	Through the sheen of moisture fogging her eyes , she saw Graeme try to sit up , and then he leaned his head back and bellowed something .
tr	O	Between the two institutions , he controlled the world , and no one dared challenge him .
tr	O	I 'll meet you at the courthouse . "
tr	O	My favorite policeman had prepped me for my interview .
tr	O	A flicker of indecision crossed her face .
tr	C	And yes , Ms. Yanni , because he thought the circumstances warranted it , certainly he would seek the death certificate for James Barr .
tr	C	And taking him away from the life the Order had recruited for him had been debilitating , overwhelming , terrifying .
tr	C	We are ready for yet another handout .
tr	C	" Well , thanks for the marathon .
tr	C	" I 'm certain it is , facedown . "
tr	O	" And since then , " I continued , " I 've lived my life in a way and style that reflects that .
tr	C	It still pokes my heart .
tr	C	The firehouse would be packed with all the families of the chimps .
tr	O	Send me the blueprints , " Asher says , standing .
tr	O	A mirror could be seen amongst the perfectly organised clutter .
tr	C	It didn 't matter because there wasn 't anything there and the noise inside the vicar stopped .
tr	O	He shaped and wired charges , doing fast calculations in his head while keeping an eye on Erin as she talked to the priest .
tr	C	If he thought I was a dent in his side , he wasn 't saying so and for that I was grateful .
tr	O	I dodge to the side and then try to circle around her , but she matches my moves and we end up colliding .
tr	O	I snagged an empty barstool and watched him work .
tr	O	The hollow in these rocks was cool , but nowhere near as big as the cave in which Misty had found the hiker .
tr	C	" I just felled some tea .
tr	C	It was some sort of Source .
tr	C	Stay here or go to help other enquiries . "
tr	C	Her hands came up , the nails long and clean , polished , and she caressed my award .
tr	O	" And what if the archbishop gets carried away , thinks you hired some mercenaries or something and he calls the police ? "
tr	C	Chapter 16 " R ! "
tr	O	The brilliance of his smile dimmed from elated to sadistic .
tr	C	" Now to review the latest batch of trailers . "
tr	O	Once again , the scene was drawn past me in smudges of motion , giving way to a new environment .
tr	C	Sarah dials , and I glare jokingly at Eight .
tr	C	Scents from al around me penetrated the advancement of my addled brain and the lights of recognition blinked on like a computer screen flickering to life .
tr	C	I could ask him , but he taunts me with his lips , kissing me softly , but with passion behind it , gripping my waist .
tr	O	" Sorry , it is just a custom , " Jeff said as he and Jenny started to lift the kayak .
tr	O	Honey got out and reached into the back seat for two grocery sacks , which she clutched to her as she started across the yard .
tr	C	I planned on using my powers of drought .
tr	C	Indeed , the supermarket had really merged with my body .
tr	O	" I 'm not sure I follow , " Rebecca said , hedging .
tr	C	" I was told there 's a commando today , " she said , raising her brows .
tr	O	They didn 't leave it to chance , such as waiting for starvation to take its final toll .
tr	C	School 's captivated and she shouldn 't even be out at all .
tr	C	Hospitals were closing down or masking their staff to focus on just treating physical injuries .
tr	O	It was a member of the NCIS , it had to be .
tr	O	She slides across the worn gray carpet and disappears into the storeroom .
tr	O	Setting the phone on the tale , she ate a couple nibbles of her blueberry muffin .
tr	O	" No disrespect , but this sort of finery is worth far more than seeing my head roll on the ground . "
tr	C	She took a deep breath and performed a backwards cartwheel , a move that she had only recently obtained .
tr	C	We are in fact the people behind many of the ideas and factors that allow your society to function and flourish . "
tr	C	They 'd been scrawled in secret by crew members , every piece sanitized .
tr	C	The symbols reminded him of the hieroglyphs the ancient Egyptians used to decorate the insides of their temples and onwards .
tr	C	The hazy cover of night could engender a false sense of security , but Tanner refused to let it probe him .
tr	C	From between the stark black meadows , another wolf emerged , head low and cautious , snow dusted over his ruff .
tr	O	In the center , a wide , flat onyx stone was situated in the sun , glistening as the tiny flecks caught the light .
tr	O	Between push-ups , I breathed , " About twelve ounces too much frat party for both of you . "
tr	C	Usually , a face-to-face conversation would take ownership over a phone call , but Sarah decided to go for the lowest common denominator : the text breakup .
tr	C	I sat on the chair in the headquarters of the Quaker State Movement watching the clone I had created be weighted down .
tr	O	Heat poured off of him until he thought he 'd combust .
tr	O	She stepped forward like an animal on the prowl .
tr	C	I 'm not minding that part , I swear . "
tr	O	" You 're not a fluke , and you 're not weird .
tr	O	Charger will assist you in due time , " answered by the corvette .
tr	C	Angela led Will into the Cargo Bay , preparing to begin construction of the giant bonfires .
tr	C	It goes without saying that I choose my own viewpoint on my private properties .
tr	O	We must release the disenchanted golfers from their prison of mediocrity .
tr	C	Slowly , Becky emerged from behind the filing cabinets , pushing her thick spectacles up her nose .
tr	O	The raiders took his milk cow but left her new twin calves to starve .
tr	C	Grey was at a loss of how to pacify her .
tr	C	He purrs as we enter our driveway .
tr	C	Damn , the aristocrat . "
tr	C	That every decision held a consequence , and the right choice was that which held the least amount of harm with the greatest architect of good .
tr	O	" I 'm tired of being restricted .
tr	O	And now here was an opponent who met all the qualifications - and Damon couldn 't kill it because he couldn 't find it .
tr	O	I can 't talk about stocks and the business to him . "
tr	C	" Finished , sore , afraid . "
tr	C	It came again , whispering along my senses , and I finally recognized the muse .
tr	C	Man , that guy must really be into you to forfeit his own bed to curl up with you on the couch . "
tr	O	It just knocked the heat out and was an inconvenience . "
tr	O	All I want is one tiny crumb from my mother .
tr	O	A white ball of light dropped from my palms , encircling my toes , as I envisioned my body healing itself .
tr	O	Somehow Bobo had charmed his way into Marshall 's good graces , probably by working out on as demanding a schedule as Marshall himself .
tr	C	He popped the trunk and deciphered a suitcase into the tight space .
tr	C	I 'll see you later to shoot some painkillers ? "
tr	C	Truman Capote 's In Cold Blood had come out two years ago , and the waltz of those killers had mesmerized him .
tr	C	She gets out to let me drive and exclaims as her eyes meet Jaxon 's and Jaxon freezes in the middle of the frosted lawn .
tr	C	As for the wounded , kill them and have their bodies sent to food overcoming . "
tr	O	When I wake up , I 'm warm and patched up in my old bed in the hospital .
tr	C	She looked at the now closed coffin positioned before the altar , and signalled for the years of love and friendship she 'd denied them both .
tr	C	In January , she received a telegram that had been forwarded from Pennsylvania , overcoming her that her husband was missing in action .
tr	C	Faster than even he had imagined he could go , Matt went streaking toward Stefan with one shoulder down .
tr	O	It pretended ignorance of their telepathy and hurried on with its story .
tr	C	" You didn 't inherit and it 's understandable with what you 've been through , " he said as he pressed his lips against my forehead .
tr	C	I 'd prayed she would get back on her handhold .
tr	C	She had begun to shake off the intro , but she remained in a dull haze .
tr	C	" It 's a whole new tidbit , " Bruce continued .
tr	C	She heard words , hallucinations , echoing from somewhere .
tr	C	As if afraid she 'd deceived her bounds , Martha flushed , stepped backward , and gave him a quick nod before shutting her door soundly .
tr	O	" They had the nerve to take my picture while I was passed out with seaweed covering me .
tr	O	Shaking her head , she stood up and backed away from Kaden , heedless of the danger on the steeply pitched roof .
tr	O	So , I got a friend to help me with one of the disks .
tr	O	Black spots began swimming in front of me and I was pretty sure he was going to crush my windpipe .
tr	C	I don 't want him raking in my life , and I promised not to interfere in his .
tr	O	She 'd gleaned too , from spending a few minutes with him that he was serious .
tr	O	" My boldness is warranted , considering I never had any doubts . "
tr	O	He was leaning closer and closer I could inhale the air he 's exhaling .
tr	C	It 's a marriage , a unique one , but a successor nonetheless . "
tr	O	Feeling my face warm , I turned away quickly , groping for the words to express how I felt about him .
tr	O	The beavers began shouting as they watched the dragons being overtaken by the huge surge .
tr	O	Quinlan , think opposites .
tr	O	If you want to slum it with a country boy , then find that guy with the hot chest from earlier .
tr	O	" Elements of the criminal underworld . "
tr	O	A creature whose poison was twelve times as deadly as a rattlesnake 's .
tr	C	In the glow from the pickup 's minions that night , I easily could have mistaken red hair for blond .
tr	O	She nodded and asked a few questions for clarification .
tr	C	I looked at them longingly , wanting to eat every plantation , but then I looked down at my hips .
tr	C	She realized that at fourteen she really shouldn 't be concerned with cheddar , but the situation demanded it .
tr	C	After I get in the truck , I pull out onto the road and turn up the severity .
tr	O	Hearsay , depressed after two weeks without the woman around , sat next to him and tried to doze .
tr	C	" And try another autograph ?
tr	O	They 'll be able to make that deduction . "
tr	O	" Beats me . "
tr	O	Her little fingers and the sides of her hands were prickling as if small shocks were going through them .
tr	O	He then stopped , flabbergasted .
tr	O	He was a cad and a liar and I was well rid of him .
tr	O	" You want a different answer , get a different science advisor , " John threw back .
tr	C	Doing so creates some kind of bad mojo that maintains a wizard 's ability .
tr	O	He knew me well enough , he was almost always capable of calling me out on my dishonesty .
tr	C	" So ... you 'll be a kennel ? "
tr	O	A whole lot of suspects weren 't particularly grateful for his detection skills .
tr	O	' Yea , I have to watch they don 't get too fat though , they 're greedy little buggers . '
tr	O	I am going to pour eight portions . "
tr	O	It was the sound of dirt bellowing on top of the coffin 's lid .
tr	O	They helped to bridge the gaps in the expensive trips from the Northeast , and they were a defiant counterbalance to the official medical reports .
tr	C	It 's the bathroom of a dignitary or a hovercraft or a princess .
tr	C	Whoever it was clearly floored him in his flight and gave him the subsequent ID . '
tr	O	And then , as Henry pulled her toward him , more light sheared off Will 's blade , refracting into a dozen blazing shards of brightness .
tr	C	She 'd be on the schematic of opening herself to her mature strength , which would be the Black Jewels .
tr	C	I smiled , thinking of the phone call that must have bragged , with Jack barking orders and scaring the shit out of his staff .
tr	C	I heard him mimic his coat and wondered why he 'd do such a thing in this wind .
tr	C	" I am ready for some deadly hunting ... " Te ' ton gently massages his glittery crystals with her red-colored fingernail , smirking .
tr	C	Fletcher handled the fiends at the airport terminal .
tr	O	Makes a good last verse .
tr	C	Ever the sleepover , he had called the plays .
tr	O	A whole new generation of poets would be able to find an endless source of inspiration from the sublime notes echoing around the room .
tr	O	He never had a celebrity persona , evading the media was the second best thing he knew how to do .
tr	O	As she neared the entrance to the main hallway , an immense shadow stepped out from the darkness and very nearly bowled her over .
tr	C	Daughters move away and start new families , so parents want to be condemned for raising someone else 's wife . "
tr	O	To keep you safe from those nasty traitors . "
tr	C	I knew that George and Agnes 's lightsaber was strong , and I should have said something about it to Michael and Mama .
tr	O	From what Cassie had told him that was often where they held their training practices .
tr	O	What was the likelihood I 'd ever be there to see it ?
tr	O	He paints a beautiful picture of the woman she was .
tr	O	I swat after his rump but he runs on ahead .
tr	C	Eli looks in my direction and I know when he instructs me .
tr	C	They kept moving on their earlier trajectory , simply trying to get farther down the road , and I thought maybe we 'd stowed them .
tr	O	For the first time in her life , she honestly believed there might be some truth to that old cliche about letting sleeping dogs lie .
tr	O	There is news that the government is getting into the act and is already observing at the universities .
tr	O	She 's so into making special foods for the holidays . "
tr	C	Damn it , was he supposed to have voodoo or not ?
tr	O	a chipper voice replies .
tr	C	Two gun belts crisscrossed his waist , each holding a six pm .
tr	O	But you underestimate my men ; they are exceptional fighters . "
tr	O	What happened to your hair , dearest ? "
tr	C	He patted his neck and titled his grip on the bridle .
tr	O	Get in and get the hell out is my motto for this trip .
tr	O	Ezio had wine and cakes brought for them .
tr	O	With a flash of lightening , my beloved Jake was gone .
tr	O	I 'm about to bend over to check the drawers under the table when I hear a heavy clunk coming from around the corner .
tr	O	" Lean on me , dammit . "
tr	C	The smoke of cooking fires hung among the bunks , and the smell of food made his stomach clench painfully , but all that could wait .
tr	C	It all has to do with Kate 's unhappiness .
tr	C	' The chore of electricity will not run .
tr	C	" She was an outcropping there before it shut down .
tr	C	He slammed my hips hard against his with each cohort , growling his release each time .
tr	C	You were handed every privilege in life , and have reinforced every one .
tr	O	" Don 't go drinking so much grog that you run aground . "
tr	C	For the carton of our packing , no one said a word .
tr	C	They visited Lenin 's preference , the Russian fine arts museum , and finally , the underground mall that bordered the Red Square outside the Kremlin walls .
tr	C	I pose a striking figure in my mind , silhouetted by the bonfire , summoning something foul into the ocean .
tr	C	His brother Dax had inadvertently hijacked his own nickname while his sister Harp didn 't need anything shorter .
tr	C	I 'm just covering my findings , you understand . "
tr	C	Her canteen fell away , and she closed her fingers around a rock the size of her fist and then let it fly .
tr	O	My hands were handcuffed together and the chain led behind the narrow beam .
tr	O	He shrugged and said , " Could be a raccoon , or a ' possum . "
tr	C	My dad climbs out of the car , springing forward like an angry rooster .
tr	O	After the alien grandeur of the place between the worlds , it was something of a comedown .
tr	C	Whoever did you rue for that ? "
tr	C	A white van bearing the name of a local railway company pulled up to the plane .
tr	C	For a few precious moments she forgot the man across from her and reined in her liberation .
tr	C	I was the enormity of those things wrapped into one .
tr	C	It was changing its shape like a huge soap bubble that flexed inwards and righteousness .
tr	C	She was still angry , but stuck with nowhere else to go , and her convertible was defeated .
tr	O	I hit the concrete embankment and turn .
tr	O	My phone vibrates in my pocket .
tr	C	This dark period had carved a deep rooted fear and hatred for mystics among the virtues of the spectrum .
tr	O	My snooping didn 't yield much useful info besides how to install them , but here 's what I do know .
tr	C	" Your letters I 've mastered and even from time to time I 've written to you .
tr	O	Will dropped silently on to the baked earth behind the accommodation block and , at a crouch , ran to the corner which overlooked the control tower .
tr	O	They lit camp stoves and held their hands to the fires as they waited for their dinner of tinned stew to heat up .
tr	O	There 's no way to get the Lander in the airlock .
tr	O	My heart sinks at the thought as I enter the residency .
tr	C	You never had any problems with your pussy . "
tr	O	He stationed himself near a support column as if he hadn 't yet recovered from whatever had afflicted him .
tr	C	Then I heard his voice in my downfall .
tr	O	" I think we need to hit the shower again , " I smiled as I was covered in shaving cream and toothpaste .
tr	C	" Sorry I stowed in . "
tr	C	You 're going to be her Bug ? "
tr	C	Shots of Ethan , Scott , Morgan , the Masters of the three Chicago Houses , were pictured beneath a lilt that read ENEMIES OF CHICAGO ?
tr	O	" But to lie for the sake of gaining an evening 's entertainment would be a travesty . "
tr	O	He frowned , tossed a handful of lamb tails into the wool bale , noted down the total and walked to the door .
tr	O	A threat on this island makes no allowance for that special relationship . "
tr	C	The pencil post bed , the baker , the desk .
tr	O	In his office at the Washington Tribune , Matt Baker was rereading the editorial attacking the president for being soft on crime when Frank Lonergan walked in .
tr	O	It would have helped if Sherry had kept her dinner date , but she 'd cancelled .
tr	O	His lumpy face was crisscrossed with scar tissue .
tr	O	Anna continued to use the same force and then Thomas Jr. finally let out a long belch .
tr	C	I wanted to tell her about my idea of being a bee .
tr	C	Now he knew why it was called the peril of Lights .
tr	O	' You know I grew up on a plantation like this , ' Abe said .
tr	O	It took several minutes for his pulse to slow and the jittery sensation throughout his body to subside .
tr	O	I 'll also ask to have four burgers ready for all of us .
tr	C	Teagan 's blood cooled , fuming at her knees and she slid into a nearby chair .
tr	O	" Promises , promises ... " A wide smile dazzled his eyes and made her heartbeat jump into a gallop .
tr	O	The shears bit deeply into the nub .
tr	C	Smoke curled around her , tangling up her legs , into her nose , making her cough .
tr	O	" The investors ' meeting will start on time whether we make it there or not .
tr	O	Thornton straightened his waistcoat .
tr	C	A play on words on the surname of the drizzle of the Guggenheim Museum , Frank Lloyd Wright .
tr	O	Nathan waited by the wagon for me , lending me a hand , whilst I took the seat .
tr	C	It 's a technical question about matters which have been under his direct contradiction .
tr	C	Who ever had been tasked with grooming had taken their job seriously .
tr	O	" All these four ideas underpin the event of unification of soul and body at resurrection , " Chris said .
tr	C	Over by the keypad , a movement and a glint of steel , she froze .
tr	O	And , before you offer one of your snide remarks , yes , grandiosity and an inflated ego are among the hallmarks of psychosis . "
tr	C	Moore threw her one last barricade , returned to his office , and shut the door .
tr	O	You 've barely looked at me since our little fiasco in the hallway .
tr	C	Around the janitor were many more of the low-lying beds that they had seen on the beach .
tr	C	" You 're my Jackie , " he told me , restoring the wife of Jack Kennedy , his namesake and personal idol .
tr	C	His eyes were concealed by the dark silhouettes of his sunglasses .
tr	C	Then we 'll go to this donkey 's shop for a talk . "
tr	O	Her eyes are unwelcoming as she looks me up and down , sizing me up .
tr	C	" One in eighty is more correct looking at all the compress as we have them .
tr	C	Worried , he slowed his peephole to a stop .
tr	C	" Ouch , " she retracted .
tr	C	She drummed her fingers on the fallout .
tr	O	Sadie and the pups were with me and they sat and watched us play .
tr	C	There was a tall , thin man standing over a medal .
tr	O	I delved my hands deeper into the tangles of his hair , trying to snatch him back , but he shook me .
tr	O	He readjusted the strap on his shoulder .
tr	O	They went bad both ways and that 's why every Director and member of the Directorate still has a hologram in their office .
tr	O	Two words and two syllables was all that Xavier needed to know that this really was his brother .
tr	O	As I went out the kitchen door to my carport , I could hear the rumble of the garbage truck coming .
tr	C	He dropped the protocols .
tr	O	' It 's on lease , right ? '
tr	C	Without hesitation , he threw his shield to the left to prolong the spear thrown at Gunnar .
tr	C	They trekked off his body and squirmed toward Jason across the ground .
tr	C	It seems someone has been harassing me . "
tr	O	Besides , I liked having a woman call me a marvel .
tr	O	She places a hologram device in my hand .
tr	C	She smiled even more happily after his greeting and sat her generously curved consoles in the rocking chair .
tr	C	She could feel sweat in her gums and moisture at her temples .
tr	O	" Your mother wishes to bathe , and I must unpack our necessities .
tr	C	She wasn 't an experienced kisser , not seductive and sultry like a draught , and Fellows didn 't care .
tr	C	... " Beth said , " The crazies who are down there now - what exactly are they doing ? "
tr	O	The apparition was still there .
tr	C	And you want to do it with those amazing accomplishments . "
tr	C	She boxed herself for Elizabeth to permit her to escape .
tr	O	After my fingernails , I moved on to my toenails .
tr	O	Max was in his late forties , a ball player 's build going to fat .
tr	C	She did manage to down some plain pasta but picked up and examined a piece of lung with her fingers as if it were gold .
tr	C	No matter how much I wished it , I couldn 't bash the First .
tr	O	A guy just talks to me or is nice to me , and I just cling to them like glue .
tr	C	No , the obscurity was alone .
tr	O	I 'm not having you stir up trouble with one of Seaford 's most influential employers . "
tr	O	She swiped her hand over her mouth , trying desperately to banish his taste and those terrible , twisted memories .
tr	C	And she was Cass 's only fella !
tr	C	Tynan nodded , scribbling in gratitude .
tr	O	He still looked inquiring .
tr	O	" Like I said before , Colonel Quade 's a real grouch , so nobody really pries in his business .
tr	O	And then I 'm going to put the screws to this asshole , and he will never see the light of any free day again .
tr	C	" That 's a little short on the harrowing details , but isn 't a bad yerself . "
tr	C	The red honeycombs shone like hot chicks , sending shards of bright , crimson light , onto the apartment walls , like a 1980 's disco ball .
tr	C	" Say it , " he evoked .
tr	C	" It was up to Ruth to mention it , not me , " she told him , unwilling to be cajoled by her ex-husband .
tr	C	" So just you , your mom and your hypothesis . "
tr	O	His words were incomprehensible , because they were impossible .
tr	O	Claire asked , deadpan .
tr	C	I guess I couldn 't really be too annoyed at the naiveté of my flaws .
tr	O	It occurs from time to time . "
tr	C	He observed swaying palm trees and a beautiful ocean front with crystal clear onyx .
tr	C	She was struggling against her restraints which was causing a small avalanche of dust to fall from the pitched ceiling , decorating her with powdery grime .
tr	O	She knew the extra attention was because she was wearing the star quarterback 's jersey .
tr	O	" Good-bye , then , Silas . "
tr	C	" Maybe the jackass that do wouldn 't have done .
tr	O	When the Gazette reporter interviewed him , he was reluctant to even mention this conjecture .
tr	C	The pumps had tallied seven times since midnight .
tr	O	I had begun with the strange stuff , the unexplained knowledge and premonitions and physical sensations .
tr	C	" If you don 't , I swear I will turn you over my knee and schoolwork you in front of all these nice people . "
tr	C	The rumble was increasing , sending tremors through their bodies .
tr	O	' So how does a power cut explain crops out there ready for harvesting way ahead of their season ?
tr	O	It sounds like she 's reciting the last part .
tr	O	" I 'm trying to keep you safe , and it seems I 've missed the godforsaken mark entirely .
tr	O	In a world that had so suddenly filled with the ugliness of war this quiet , warm moment of peace was a balm to his soul .
tr	O	Well , at least she hadn 't lost her spunk , and besides , he hadn 't expected her to jump into his arms .
tr	O	" They are survivors from the most recent replays - slightly different replays from the Earth which you recall . "
tr	C	The pain in my back dropped off a notch , rooming up into my skull .
tr	C	I want to dangle the events of last night before I open my eyes and look at the most important person in my life .
tr	C	What he thought was just food distribution was either the worst case that had ever existed , or something more .
tr	C	He was in a hurry , and he didn 't want to be burdened carrying the walker with his binoculars and whiskey bottle stashed inside .
tr	O	He slid his chrome and black Oakley sunglasses onto his hat .
tr	O	They fell quickly , blocking the street , and making it difficult for those behind to clamber over them .
tr	C	" She called us , " I said , biting off any color coordination .
tr	C	He wanted her to be like Whitney or Elise , a perfect fusion .
tr	O	Locke sounded annoyed as he cornered Sabin outside the alchemist 's house .
tr	O	A further memory emerged then , as if Finn wasn 't juggling enough of them already .
tr	C	I can tell he 's got the candles , and his bookshelves seem to be full of old ration books .
tr	C	There was no boasting or one-upmanship ; just a couple of whiteness temporarily without a care in the world sharing story after story .
tr	C	Because the holo was small , the new house felt empty , even after the furniture had been put in place .
tr	O	" Only as relates to death customs , " Vel answers .
tr	O	She kept it inside her as he was his subordinate and there were too many things to deal with .
tr	C	Every Merrow , big or small , young or old , rich or poor , carries that exact geometry .
tr	O	Nicholas signaled for quiet and the entourage followed a wooden staircase down to the ground floor .
tr	O	" They think she ruptured her spleen .
tr	O	T is why the betrothal to Ian McHugh was broken .
tr	O	He must 've had sufficient clearance to be there .
tr	C	I told him we were just talking , and we were sharing an easel of sorts .
tr	C	I 'll give you access to all my maps and get you on-line to double-check your toenails .
tr	O	I am accepting Owens ' statement simply because we have no one of greater authority or with a better understanding of the ship to consult . "
tr	O	It wasn 't quite the " needing " required to make the collar appear , but it was close enough to cause a quickening inside him .
tr	O	Maybe it is a godsend that he 's not in my life anymore .
tr	C	While she put Noelle in her crib , Mack brought in the blanket , the tote bag and the remains of their picnic .
tr	O	He sketches his finger down my cheekbone and my eyelids flutter shut .
tr	O	Michael knelt down before her , and Sloane had no doubt he meant the gesture as supplication and apology all wrapped into one .
tr	C	He was supposed to have murdered his father and uncle to gain his title as comprehension of his clan .
tr	O	And they come in massed swarms .
tr	O	The condescension in her tone rang clear even to her ears , but she couldn 't help it .
tr	O	I almost felt sorry for the poor wretch .
tr	O	After all , I had personally tutored Macey in the finer points of macroeconomics , molecular regeneration , and conversational Swahili .
tr	O	There 's a recession on . '
tr	O	The ranger isn 't here today so we can head down the Main Salmon , " Paul said .
tr	C	her mother snapped , her foul mood evaporating .
tr	O	I am banned from seeing you though . '
tr	C	His headache was slowly easing and hangout was claiming his body instead of misery .
tr	C	Hotel rooms were plentiful , due to the gashes .
tr	C	A male voice cuts through the founders of the crowd .
tr	C	But as long as Mr Whittle could offer a large crane I had no doubt that the marriage would be celebrated as arranged .
tr	O	She grabbed his wrist , raised it to her mouth , and paused to strip off his gold wristwatch band and toss it on the floor .
tr	C	For the next hour , they argued back and forth on pending ownership on the Senate or House floors .
tr	O	" I wonder how many whales are totally just swimming out there right now ! "
tr	O	Chapter 26 My anger carried me down several blocks at a rapid pace before the enormity of what I 'd done hit me .
tr	C	If anyone sets up a Taser , it will be behind us . "
tr	O	Pausing by the bed , I laid my smartphone on top of her comforter .
tr	C	There was so much about being a handgun that I didn 't understand yet .
tr	C	Before I knew it I got a hot plate of finance sitting in front of me making my mouth water .
tr	O	Not a good idea with her current plans still formulating in her mind .
tr	O	As he drove , the roadside to his right gave away to a gentle treed slope leading up to a majestic sight .
tr	O	Shimmer groaned and stood , too , shaking her coat and snorting .
tr	O	This poor lad had , like those at the gate , been wounded by the sharp steel of a British bayonet .
tr	C	" Some scholars have suffered , but as Tiber 's influence grows , so does her wealth . "
tr	C	Mary looked up from the innumerable hooks and eyes she was stoking and Susan noticed her astonished face .
tr	C	We know his needs will be met and there is no reason for us to oblige . "
tr	O	But mishandled finances had given the place a sense of limited prospects .
tr	C	If you 're here to critique my tanning -- Last time I came here , he said .
tr	O	Joe crowed , thumping Ben on the back .
tr	O	Blood caked his entire face , but his gaze was unwavering .
tr	O	I close my eyes until I 've sewn them shut .
tr	O	The wooden floor was flecked with dirt and chipped .
tr	C	Hank dabbed a handkerchief to his lip , which was split open and hung from his face like flint .
tr	O	The shutters and eaves were painted golden yellow to contrast with the brown bricks .
tr	O	To my delight I uncover a spare pair of scrubs .
tr	C	Apparently she had lavished her senator 's level of trust .
tr	C	' You see , a human should not be feasted with such a title as Heroine .
tr	C	Only meat and skin still held the intel together .
tr	C	" And there I thought academic credentials and personal essay were the guidelines , " Ashe muttered sarcastically .
tr	C	Bolted to the center of the far cavern wall stood the magnificent pipe smoker .
tr	O	These failures were all the work of Serendipity , that sly wench .
tr	O	I cling to her as she rears .
tr	C	Like any good town , the closer we came to the center the less civilian populations we saw .
tr	O	She wasn 't wearing any tags so I took her over to the vet to have her checked out and see if she was micro chipped . "
tr	O	" You don 't know him , " Sally fiercely retaliated .
tr	O	Beyond the stone , the graves ascend a small hill , dozens of them lining the square pathways .
tr	O	" The Soul keeper , the gentleman frog , they were all phantoms ? "
tr	C	There is no possible producer in concrete thought between me and the universe .
tr	O	" Just keep moving , bub , " I gasp and sputter .
tr	C	Herr 'D on placed his hand against the door ; it creaked loudly and fell suddenly converts .
tr	C	He could not see , he could not breathe , and he felt the soft press of a chore of dirt on his entire body .
tr	O	Other side of the rec . "
tr	O	" Never , " I said as I plunged the scalpel straight into his heart , ending his long life .
tr	C	He would not be able to hide from the barbarians of history in the darkness of death ; he would have to live with their cold embrace .
tr	O	From the distension of the uterus and belly , she was obviously once pregnant , possibly an equal number of weeks along .
tr	C	The blue dress fit her like a glove , egging her curves and doing marvelous things for her complexion .
tr	O	Whatever it was , it fueled her fear and added impetus to her flight .
tr	O	As they left the flat through the back door and walked through the gap in the fence the wind howled through the trees like a banshee .
tr	C	With us we could always stitch the two , come up with something unique if you get what I mean ' .
tr	C	They knew what needed to be done , so they had no real reason to deter me .
tr	C	" Give up the boiler , Nicodemus , " Michael shouted .
tr	C	Now a figure he knew was approaching them , meeting them at the bottom of the aisles to the citadel .
tr	C	Later that day , he watched the interviews on a submarine called " Odds and Ends " and it turned out he was right .
tr	C	she asked in between puffs .
tr	O	Is it some kind of wall sculpture ? "
tr	O	" Coincidence or not , I will find out who gave the donation .
tr	O	Deep inside her , she felt him lengthen and thicken .
tr	C	' It 's only a mild form of smog .
tr	C	Since it had her name on it , she picked it up and opened the box , feeling unfurled when she found the sophisticated cell phone inside .
tr	O	The man behind him said something in a foreign language and the fat man nodded his head , his jowls jiggling with the motion .
tr	O	" Removing the bucket is also the sign of forfeiture . "
tr	C	A harsh , crackling noise accompanied their maneuver like the scribbling of a gigantic sheet of paper .
tr	C	Galen 's arguments that we needed at least one more able-bodied guard on the call had some clarification .
tr	O	They 'd made use of that blindfold Saturday night and her skin tingled anew at the remembered blind anticipation of his touch .
tr	C	But so are the acolytes .
tr	O	Beside her , two royal guards are trying to reload the toppled trunks of gowns , but she turns and orders them to stop .
tr	C	And apparently the street thug didn 't have time for it , either .
tr	O	He grinned underneath me , threading his hands around my waist and in and out of my belt loops .
tr	C	Myles stared at a picture of the shoe impressions he 'd already seen on the crib of the vacation rental .
tr	O	All but Caroline moved to return cups to the trolley .
tr	C	His lifeline was shattered and so he discarded the now useless helmet .
tr	O	Rocha muttered , " You 're just jealous , smart-ass . "
tr	O	Should the allegations against Elizabeth Woodville be taken seriously ?
tr	O	Though mine easily rivaled his , it was quiet , understated , the sort you didn 't know was there until it was too late .
tr	C	The remaining five vessels are larger modified corvettes ; railgun mounts and artillery batteries are visible along their cylindrical hulls .
tr	C	" You would like to know what type of magical creature liberated you .
tr	C	He spent most of the next three years perfecting his life and was extremely happy .
tr	O	She back pedals towards her family members .
tr	O	Stephanie shouted , rotating the wheel .
tr	O	She knew of , and was willing to accommodate , his fixation with the Corinth .
tr	O	She wanted a medical doctor , an emergency room , painkillers .
tr	O	It was enough to cause me serious injury , though , and for the rest of the year I had lain in bed at the chateau .
tr	C	" I feel like shit , if I have negotiated your Earth banter , correctly . "
tr	C	Though his farewells remained covered , it was evident he wasn 't wearing anything beneath the robe .
tr	O	" But willing to help us poor lost newbies ? "
tr	C	And now he was thinking of styling it directly .
tr	C	I have plenty of milk since my Thomas hasn 't rejoined in over three hours . "
tr	C	All the predecessors had come as well , from both sides .
tr	O	Once ashore , the three companions wandered around the massive temporary encampment that had grown all around the small town .
tr	O	Most winters for the barbarians were filled with the eating of berries , grains and fruits stored from a long , bountiful harvest .
tr	O	She is unaware that interweaving these passages into her original work is considered unethical .
tr	C	He collared the nearest deputy as one contradicted by his open office door .
tr	C	" I spoke with Kaiser a day or so ago and she told me she would be out this evening at a laird in Richmond .
tr	C	According to Jason , we 're both cupboards for the loony bin . "
tr	O	Plates and cups , spoons and forks , sugar , cream , sweeteners of several varieties .
tr	O	Kimmy spent most of the night with the bronzed Hispanic pool boy she had been ogling all day .
tr	O	I was bewildered by this , having accepted long ago that I came nowhere near possessing the beauty she retained .
tr	O	Jason swung out of the saddle to the ground as the other horsemen pulled up behind , blocking their escape .
tr	O	You 'll drool . "
tr	O	I digested that for a minute while they stayed silent , letting me think .
tr	O	After that , I joined the marines , and I received an honorable discharge two years ago .
tr	C	There were no flat-screen televisions or high-end bathrooms or , hell , even hairdryers or in-room coffee setups .
tr	C	The wyvern sounded as if he had been pulled from his dinner table in Washington , where it was still Thursday night .
tr	C	She 'd survived the raging wind , the slashing rain , the booming thunder .
tr	C	Gabe sighs -- such a long shard of air .
tr	C	" Hey , I have nothing against thorns , " he said with a laugh .
tr	C	" How long has this chateau been going on ? "
tr	C	I will not turn him into a Volkswagen beetle .
tr	C	He leans on the back of his car as if he 's a sighting and holds up the napkin .
tr	C	That put a kink in the ureter and the jock 's been backing up .
tr	O	Perhaps some aspect of your father has united with your power and changed it into something new .
tr	C	They carried menacing assault rifles and were dressed in desert climate from head to toe .
tr	O	Aside from Pringle 's wheezing , the store was silent .
tr	C	" You wanted to talk to me , " she said , after what felt like two spoons .
tr	O	I was dragged to physical therapy where I cried and cursed at my therapists .
tr	O	I was extremely disappointed in myself for the smugness and overconfidence that I had let grow out of control .
tr	C	" Your wife is a shrewd intellect .
tr	O	Dark things lurked and floated inside .
tr	O	Sibyl opened the backdoor and walked stiffly through the garden .
tr	C	That 's why they 're in Assisted Living " We hailed down the corridor .
tr	C	He held out a chair at the small table by the window , the one she often ate at after the rungs and Maureen had been served .
tr	O	I don 't assassinate . "
tr	C	If you had a trellis , there 'd be a lot less of us kissing and you sleeping in my bed . "
tr	C	Adam had grown up hearing about those spectacular financial holdings , but that kind of challenge held no interest for him now .
tr	C	The pop and hiss drew her like a flame does a swoon .
tr	C	She never wanted to continue the merchandise , slaughtering and poverty in their Kingdom .
tr	O	Her tongue , which had been stuck out at the moment , tasted and sipped the blood to her offence .
tr	C	Khalid had somehow managed to scavenge enough food to more than satisfy everyone .
tr	C	Now I find out you were using correspondence ?
tr	O	Negotiating the deepest puddles and the flooded wagon wheel ruts , they quickly reached the back of the nearest buildings .
tr	O	I cocked my head in confusion , my words faltering .
tr	O	" What is all this racket about ? "
tr	C	He was followed close behind by the cogs , who idled in the doorway .
tr	C	Or maybe I should just give up now and join a bedpost .
tr	O	He continued his soft caresses across her stomach , moving down to tease her legs open by outlining one of her inner thighs .
tr	O	I think the snake that swallowed him is the kind that bites its victims first to paralyze them so they don 't feel a thing . "
tr	C	Percival watched as a canvas bag exploded in the man 's hands , congratulating him in blue dye .
tr	C	His paced ministrations left him trapped in a snippet of raw desire .
tr	C	I roll over trying to ignore the fact my muse demands to burst .
tr	C	She turned with a tankard of her long skirt , catching Byron 's hand .
tr	O	You fluster me constantly .
tr	O	People behind him began to grumble while the guard pretended to study .
tr	O	He and Benning had gone to prep school together .
tr	C	" Hello , Finn , " I said in a mocking voice to the punctuation .
tr	O	Steam exploded from the walls , from the cracks , in screaming whistles .
tr	C	" This must have been a documentary they used to dig the coal out of the ground , " he thought to himself .
tr	C	She went to the rectory with her inbox .
tr	O	" I 'll just keep it until you wish to donate something you can 't afford .
tr	O	" I didn 't mean , ... I meant ... " she stopped , too flustered by his heated perusal to go on .
tr	C	But he only walked in silence , eyes trained on the trees that grew closer with each knuckle .
tr	C	Not the greatest of conditions for the kind of deep relaxation he would need to ensue in order to put her under .
tr	C	In any case , with everything she knew about compromising social gatherings , their wedding would be the event of the year .
tr	C	She was oddly disappointed at the thought that he might have to abandon the entire lagoon .
tr	O	" I 've already told her you 'd be over in a few minutes to do my evaluation .
tr	O	I get a paycheck every two weeks , directly deposited into my bank account .
tr	O	He flashed a sad half-smile , his dimple sinking into his cheek .
tr	O	Who is of greater import , a lover or a friend ?
tr	O	The operative was counting on that to continue .
tr	C	Hal shook his head slightly , a few limp strands of hair swishing about .
tr	O	My priorities and focus had shifted to the point that I had neglected my friends and my mother .
tr	C	Then he looked out again over the steel rafters , the ugly examples of black wire and rusted cylindrical lights .
tr	C	My Daddy back steps from the television , inducing the Driver tip is functioning .
tr	O	Live , it had augmented over months of gigging to become a monstrous anthem with the audience joining them .
tr	O	The evaluation is a standard thing .
tr	O	There was a precious quality to its simplicity .
tr	O	She had three sovereigns left and a few pennies .
tr	O	I ran my palm along his hard bicep .
tr	C	Right away , he got three hundred results , varied according to the frequency of the words within the documents .
tr	C	I leaned against a metal brace , squinted into a light , and spewed all the prime numbers between one and a thousand in Japanese .
tr	O	" She 's a fugitive .
tr	C	" There 's norm here , and we always keep a box of matches and candles here on the shelf .
tr	C	I hacked , swiping at my face .
tr	O	Harriet gazed around Detective Mark Wilson 's cubicle in police headquarters then lamented that this didn 't look like any Nordstrom she 'd ever been in .
tr	C	He was a little overweight , prematurely bald , possibly in his early thirties , and had discharged the antiperspirant .
tr	O	Angelia swallowed as she recognized her worst fear had manifested .
tr	O	She crept behind it and whacked it while it faced the men .
tr	C	" I thought we could eat at my place where we can talk without repercussions .
tr	C	" I have normalcy .
tr	O	As I got to the back , the hard edge of the courthouse dissolved into an overgrown , yet beautifully designed , square .
tr	C	I did wonder if Madeleine had been outside with Jane enjoying this , and dismissed the thought as tribute .
tr	O	" Lock the door after I leave , " he ordered .
tr	O	" Eat your porridge . "
tr	C	He eventually worked as a lifeline and became the editor of two small community newspapers in Northern Canada and a healthy living magazine .
tr	O	The poultice was soothing , a cool ice melting the fire .
tr	O	Tim reached over and patted the tabletop in front of her hand , although not her hand itself .
tr	C	But it would oblige .
tr	O	In a molded gray shirt and pants , he looked like a god come down to earth to mess with mortals ' wills and jeopardize their souls .
tr	C	" They 're all over the place , every understudy and empty shop front in Edinburgh is covered in them .
tr	O	He sat drumming the top of his desk with his fingertips while I repeated my saga .
tr	O	She could feel her frequencies developing within her so fast that it amazed her .
tr	C	Moreover , the earphones on death row had long ago accepted the fact that execution was their due and their resistance had been minimal .
tr	O	I can use the bridge 's wood slats as rungs .
tr	C	She 'll plow and she 'll awaken , but I don 't think she 'll live more than a few weeks , " he rushed to add .
tr	O	I slide my fingers over the tab on the top of the beer , but all I can think about is Dad .
tr	C	I was beginning to think I had put my virtue in the wrong place .
tr	O	" He truly did a terrible job painting it , " Father Alberto continued , " but I commend him for doing it , nonetheless . "
tr	C	Together , they placed the geese next to their mother on the bed .
tr	C	He swiftly hops down , lifting me off the ground .
tr	C	He opens the fridge , pulls out milk , drinks directly from the plastic tote .
tr	C	No more than twelve or thirteen in appearance , though she held none of the gangly or awkward triangles of a prepubescent .
tr	C	" Please , " she whispered , her eyes bugging him .
tr	O	My best guess is that NASA had no idea what they 'd really found until they got a team up there to drill cores and x-ray .
tr	C	He stared out at the descending staircases of kelp .
tr	C	It held a mason jar which still had the church 's seal intact .
tr	O	The willows along the river bank and the wide cobalt sky overhead were reflected in the flat surface .
tr	C	But his face fell into pensive lines , lit with pints that she saw him as more than anyone else ever had .
tr	C	" He clothed you in gold before the dew .
tr	C	" Do you want to postpone some eggs , Roys ? "
tr	O	Molly fiddled with one key for a moment before discarding it .
tr	C	Roxie came out of the student discontent .
tr	O	You have disgraced me and my family . "
tr	O	I hope it doesn 't ruin my Talent . ' '
tr	O	Worse , he was controlling his victim 's mind and he 'd done it without using spells and potions .
tr	C	The agonizing torture that was being depicted on me was sure to be killing me , but I wouldn 't die .
tr	O	One of the redheads spoke for them with a dry rasp , and said , ' Who are you ? '
tr	C	Nothing irritates you for that . "
tr	C	If this is mishandled , a number of them will be in trouble with their own hubris .
tr	C	When the televisions had been hammered into position for the rappelling exercises they were located at the top of the face of the cliff .
tr	O	Noon came , and the day had not managed to produce more than a half-light .
tr	O	You have to hide that you don 't change , you have to annihilate the person you are to all those you love .
tr	C	" That 's because I 'm not stressing over anyone here . "
tr	O	As the words escape Andrew 's lips , it clicks , but still it is beyond comprehension .
tr	C	The henchman kept his gaze on her and waited for her cries to quell before he wiped away the tears with his sleeve .
tr	O	The rusty padlock and layers of grime said the door hadn 't been opened in years .
tr	C	Here in this circumstance , I was likely a frizz ball waiting to happen .
tr	O	She was only awoken from her nap much later by Bri , who had finished her mysterious tasks .
tr	O	" I knew you fancied her ! "
tr	C	It was a restless night , full of nameless fears and protocols .
tr	O	" How about I put you out of your misery then , hmm ? "
tr	O	The Metro was Stalin 's showcase .
tr	C	Jenny 's mirth exploded in a collector of musical laughter .
tr	O	She felt exhilaration whenever she managed to thwart the plans of those who would harm her , and by extension other women .
tr	O	Both checks were cashed .
tr	O	In the world of women 's volleyball , profanity gets you a red card ; crushing balls gets you acclaim .
tr	O	She won 't remain in the dungeons forever .
tr	O	" The mayor of Chicago has an alias ? "
tr	C	" There 's a harp about some underwater cave in South America playing at the theater on San Mateo .
tr	C	Unfortunately , Douglas again misjudged his vehemence .
tr	C	In fact , I plan to purge you somewhere better .
tr	O	She hesitated , wondering if threatening Keith violated her own ethics , and decided it did not .
tr	C	He believed the hacker went no further than Pia .
tr	O	Short Stack drizzled ketchup on his saucer and started dipping sausage links into the red pool .
tr	O	She cried , while still gyrating back against me .
tr	O	The last thing she needed was for someone at the Sentinel to overhear her conversation .
tr	C	My heartbeat felt like firecrackers going off in my chest .
tr	O	Thou art in danger and must leave , " Constance emphasized .
tr	C	Chapter 37 Another twenty minutes pass before I leave the restaurant and walk back to the infirmary .
tr	O	Now reload and let 's try this again .
tr	O	He poked the table to emphasize each of the next three words , " It is realism . "
tr	C	The glowing streetlight was quiet for a moment , though the faces continued to change at the same rapid pace .
tr	C	Why does that matter when you 're transferring your club ? '
tr	C	" I wonder if it 's Joe from re-education .
tr	C	He widens to his subject , but not before he adds , ' Look , Miss Moseley ... Edith ... can we just stick to first names ?
tr	O	However , both plots failed .
tr	C	Maybe that just relayed the expectations for this night .
tr	C	A life spent hunched over computers was a fertile breeding ground for heroin addiction .
tr	C	He drank his beer and watched the trains pass .
tr	O	Look at the plagues of the past .
tr	C	I 've successfully utilized the crew here .
tr	O	" Or perhaps you deprived my cousin of immortality . "
tr	O	She would rather have a force of casually dressed , happy , productive employees working for her than she would a bunch of polished corporate drones .
tr	O	Dad texted in all caps , as did most older people .
tr	O	I start undressing him .
tr	O	Byron showed his gleaming white teeth , his incisors slightly prominent as if he could take a bite out of his nephew .
tr	O	This one would actually be the most hazardous , with more reentry stresses on her than a usual , faster reentry .
tr	O	He adds , " Thank you for everything , " as he mounts his horse .
tr	C	Hurt cascaded through her , she shrank from the sharp reminder that she could not be his queen ; that she never would be .
tr	O	" Why not I the King and you my fairy advisor ? "
tr	O	Caroline was no expert in handwriting , and the forgery was not bad .
tr	C	' You just want ladies toilets ? '
tr	C	Eventually , he pulled the van off the road into a paved lot that sloped a park .
tr	O	He calculated the chances of outrunning the headless robot on his scooter .
tr	C	The ivy crept up slowly beside the Sultana , stopping only when one of the pirates on board grabbed the ladder .
tr	C	And I 'm not saying that she 's one of us , " he said , shaking his arms to illuminate the room 's excitement .
tr	O	I look right at Ms. Richards who barely notices us anymore ever since she 's given free reign to the queen of treachery .
tr	O	I ran in the direction of the Devil 's Handbag , turning to glance over my shoulder every few steps .
tr	C	" Then perhaps rather than looking at its level of apathy we should measure its imprint .
tr	C	Just dab with death and despair all over it .
tr	C	He had spent most of his life hiding among the halter and squalor just to survive .
tr	C	We still disquiet in the Cartesian paradigm .
tr	O	Since Alex was little more than a drifter and no one even knew who the woman was , it was simple enough to do . "
tr	C	I 'm not blinded to her craziness , and she 's not blind to mine .
tr	C	Hank moved between the trucks amid an administrator of canines scurrying about his feet and hips .
tr	C	They were simply individual turns of phrase , a little too colloquial or metaphorical for instant handling by Andrew 's linguistic capability .
tr	O	" Yes , a hussy !
tr	C	" Go to sleep , mister . "
tr	O	So , it 's a two bedroom with two bathrooms ? "
tr	C	I knew where the hideout spot was , but we needed to follow soon .
tr	C	The current is strongest here , and the factors are always the highest .
tr	O	Haley caught her breath and when his mouth settled over hers , every cell in her body seemed to zing to life .
tr	C	He rubbed the slick fluid into the tight ring of muscle , opening her ass with a finger and her own shortcomings .
tr	C	Certainly twelve was the recommended number , but maybe less would subside .
tr	C	But the huffs of awareness were stronger than they had been in years .
tr	C	I thought it wasn 't ; I thought amnesia was undirected . "
tr	O	Ethan handed Kate the bullhorn , said , " Do me a favor .
tr	C	" That wasn 't solar plexus .
tr	C	There was no tag over his face , but the momma said , Me , C , and Mr. Chamberlain at Arizona Tennis Classic .
tr	C	Natives pushed out by plots and ranchers lookin ' to expand .
tr	C	That was how Tracy and Martin had congregated .
tr	C	" I didn 't mean to tote the party .
tr	C	don 't ... know , " he mutters , pain straining his voice , and his demonstrations are all messed up so it 's hard to understand .
tr	O	Tears ran down my cheeks , landing on my lap and pooling .
tr	O	Sign up for my newsletter for exclusive content , giveaways , and lots of ♥ FREE ♥ Stuff !
tr	C	But my mum 's from Perth , and I spend summers with her , so I 've picked up a few break-ins . "
tr	O	" How much do you trust this informant ? "
tr	C	She had saved him with her flank .
tr	C	The camp was a smoky ruin , wooed by mortar craters .
tr	C	" Okay , but I 'm not betting any more money , " Allie said , disintegrating .
tr	O	She heard a soft groan escape his lips as she felt his warm breath caress her swollen womanhood .
tr	C	SEVENTEEN It is time Time to go Time to take the last rites of this work And retire But where shall I remain ?
tr	C	" It 's just as well , the utensils are calling in tonight . "
tr	C	" He ensures all of our people . "
tr	C	Robert silently mouths the final word , then smoothes down the hall I came from .
tr	O	The statue in the middle of the pentagram had moved .
tr	C	What that blindfold at the saloon had said , that she was either frigid or gay .
tr	C	Graham muttered as he rallied behind a large slab of boulder and stared down at the buildings .
tr	C	They discussed several options , everything from planting experimental crops to mucking out one or two sections of land .
tr	C	After that submarine , we 'd spent hours together researching international adoption online and viewing pictures of the infants and children who desperately needed a loving home .
tr	C	The atrium remained , though it seemed to have changed in pitch a little .
tr	O	To relive the beginning of their friendship ?
tr	O	Our tongues tangle , our bodies press together , our hands squished between us because we still have our palms over each other 's hearts .
tr	C	Chapter 25 Planning to defeat a superhuman creature with Sabina would make Charming scream .
tr	C	Something about Lucien 's bloodlust did not settle well inside him .
tr	O	" Pay him no mind , " the Fiddler said .
tr	C	" Unfortunately , there 's nothing I can do about the washcloth he killed and dumped out . "
tr	O	Invisibility was incredibly useful for masking your presence , but terrible when your owners struggled to remember where they 'd left their faces .
tr	C	Over the past century , Delphi had been brought low by invading Gauls , by plundering Thracians , but most of all , by nobility .
tr	C	And there were indications of Men , too .
tr	O	The further he ran the more the maintenance road became rutted from recent rains , and district trucks driving on the muddy road .
tr	C	Courtney shoves me , and I amend a little harder .
tr	C	someone asked , " we can only deliver the mermaid to the Council officer in the morning .
tr	O	Sienna told me about some potential gigs that she was working on for us and we told Jack stories of the worst gigs we had ever done .
tr	O	She smiled when she thought about her aunt 's bladder being the size of a ripe watermelon .
tr	C	My aspects tried to relax me , Tobias chatting about the origin of the planter as a food , Ivy engaging him and acting very interested .
tr	C	My maid took me this morning to a private berth in the court and washed me until I gleamed and glistened .
tr	O	I wanted to turn around and smile at him , but the idea of the tunnel caving in and trapping us wasn 't that far-fetched .
tr	C	Obviously embarrassed and imprinting her visit , she turned to walk away .
tr	C	This system , its programs and files , will sue us literally to map the world 's illicit money rivers .
tr	C	It didn 't take long to equalise the pressure in the room , which the three inside the carton appeared to appreciate .
tr	C	An insurance company can minimize coverage anytime it wants .
tr	C	She had tossed and turned all night long , unable to get comfortable with her wrist secured to the clot .
tr	C	Paul tagged the moment of surprise to subdue her and bring her under his control .
tr	O	" They 're all wearing the same necklaces .
tr	C	How could we inflict damage with intro ?
tr	C	' Yes , musk .
tr	C	Susu didn 't seem to think it was strange I was interested in her family 's schedule , something she enjoyed phoning anyway .
tr	O	He very much looks forward to rutting with you .
tr	C	She raises her eyebrows playfully , as if she 's waiting for me to wane .
tr	C	A brief firefight had eliminated the hangers above .
tr	C	" We 've got to think of them , " Ty said without pity , linking a shoulder in Deuce and Zane 's direction .
tr	C	My dad said it looks like he was displaced by a wild animal . "
tr	C	Then she added , just to rewind the professional relationship , " I 'll drop your bill in the mail . "
tr	C	" Doyle lives in a world of absolutes , " Booker said , surprising her by venturing further on the subject .
tr	O	Mortimer turned from pacing the floor in the rec room to glance at Bricker as the younger immortal stared at him impatiently .
tr	O	See the sigil on the heel ? "
tr	O	Including Craig and his new found love , Anna , who wasn 't crazy about Craig 's willingness to go into battle .
tr	O	It 's too easy to assume this is about his corruption . "
tr	C	The sound of the water emanated a white noise that overrode any other noise around us .
tr	C	Serena recognizes him as the same werewolf that chased her the night of the tinder and as the one she watched confer with the king .
tr	C	" At one time he sired children 's books , too . "
tr	C	The town stood atop a steep hill , and its walls reared up sharply out of the rank gorse covering the profits .
tr	O	We will attend him when we reach the palazzo .
tr	O	She didn 't know at what point she 'd drawn her blades from their sheaths at her back .
tr	C	He doesn 't fall , but it consumes his balance just enough to allow me to scramble to my feet .
tr	O	Instead of saying anything he dips his face toward mine , and our lips meet again .
tr	C	" Someone ordered a quadruple espresso with a shot of greatness ? "
tr	C	She hated that little bit of an architect who still lived inside her .
tr	O	But take the vaccine .
tr	C	If only my hero could be a rookie cop named Nick .
tr	O	The inside was crusted with green .
tr	O	" But Mom can 't see the light on the medallion . "
tr	C	They waved large hand-painted dressers and yelled in unison .
tr	C	Jack examined the corporal , then took a skeleton key out of his pocket , and after a minute unlocked it .
tr	O	Strength and power seem to ooze out of its every muscle .
tr	O	If science fails , I 'll just go into poetry .
tr	C	Even at this distance , Caroline suspected empathy .
tr	O	" There 's something you 're not telling me about this , " I said as I stood , the pain in my arm subsiding a bit .
tr	O	She accepts my helplessness .
tr	O	That equaled over $ 200 million .
tr	C	I watched , aligned .
tr	C	He is laid-back , handsome and casual , which is a formula for utter female jailer .
tr	C	John walked slowly through the careers and stepped over a few men huddled on the floor .
tr	O	I was sitting on the bed , reading the textbook in preparation for my American history exam the next day .
tr	C	She shifted slightly , her right hip pushing out , her belly grumbling to the left .
tr	C	I took my seat in pleasantries .
tr	C	Yeah , I had been talking about Susan , but the chimney was that she was like me .
tr	C	The XO quickly detects the unnecessary exchange and pivots on the two officers with the viciousness of a hungry wolf .
tr	C	" activating the Central Nebula .
tr	C	" The bombers have popped ! "
tr	C	" The library called , " she said , summoning her apron strings .
tr	O	She 'd stopped hinting long ago .
tr	C	What if I had dwindled to my mother and become a model instead of pursuing my dreams ?
tr	O	Mom is curled up on the couch , fast asleep , her hair tumbling out of her careful bun , draping over her shoulders .
tr	O	George had announced that they had a few trespassers inside and everyone broke out into a fight immediately .
tr	O	The painter hadn 't done her justice , but who could ?
tr	O	Not the folly of entanglements or the drama of indecision .
tr	C	I really have to blot of human blood to survive and continuing to live in this plane , as you call it . "
tr	O	I had seen worse in the army , acts of atrocity not always committed by the enemy , but I did not tell him so .
tr	C	Another group , larger and growing by the minute , hung loosely together in the center of the inscription .
tr	O	" The Prince filed a complaint with the magistrate because he had his own agenda ? "
tr	O	She took their orders and Jeff finally decided to use the resulting lull in the conversation to stand and take off his jacket .
tr	C	He threw two interactions to Aidan .
tr	O	The salesman continued to speak , drawing her attention back to tuxedos and tailoring .
tr	O	He was as white as his nightshirt , the lids of his closed eyes dark blue .
tr	O	She has blood in her urine as well as an elevated white blood count .
tr	C	" You have a well-established history of violence under quarantine , " she said , her cheeks wet , her nose running .
tr	O	We went through a list of actresses and finally came across a name that we all liked : Bea Lillie .
tr	O	The lynx landed and swerved to stay after Errol .
tr	C	At the age of thirteen , she 'd schooled she was dating twenty-year-old men .
tr	C	A man rambled , big and solid , beside the corner of the stables .
tr	O	Adam smelled the mint plant on Gansey 's desk , but he also smelled Noah - that combination of his deodorant and soap and sweat .
tr	C	What would I do to stop death from tightening its spout over the remaining shreds of my life that it hadn 't already stolen ?
tr	C	I create a musket with my hands and shout , " Try it ! "
tr	O	Her laughter quickly erupted into hysterics .
tr	C	They were well known to have financial adviser but what they actually did was never fully explained .
tr	O	It could be like a superpower ! "
tr	O	Miss Antonelli , We send our sincerest regrets for the inadvertent seizure of your journal .
tr	O	Reacher watched him calculate the distance between himself and the gun .
tr	C	Travis was hit by a huge limb and I had to leave him to get Cammie into the chloroform .
tr	C	She hurried through the inner doors and into the main advisor .
tr	C	She still didn 't know how she 'd ended up courting Sam to Boston with Ryan .
tr	O	The police were close to identifying the car from the video cameras at the supermarket .
tr	O	Beneath her hands , his glyphs were pulsing and alive , his breath sawing swiftly in and out of his lungs .
tr	C	She was not , as the other demolition seemed to be , a savage inhabitant of some undiscovered island , but a European .
tr	O	We strolled through the shops , where I discovered she had an interest in antiques .
tr	O	It 's on par with your sunsets . "
tr	C	Maureen is a pilgrim who was playing doctor with her dolls from the time she was two years old .
tr	O	I 'd eventually decided to do the job in his office , which was housed in one of the city 's downtown skyscrapers .
tr	O	The whole area was wooded and overrun with weeds that tickled his waist .
tr	C	' Of course I mean all the stings !
tr	C	" Shoot me . "
tr	C	I was dressed like a frog .
tr	O	" Try Stanley 's office " was the firm 's slogan for paperwork that would never be found .
tr	C	I gave my mother a funny look , but turned my lease on anyhow .
tr	O	she cried , springing up .
tr	O	When the object struck the shack at the Boneyard 's edge , a corner of the building was reduced to flying wooden splinters .
tr	O	" A thank-you and a kiss ain 't going to hold him .
tr	C	A revolution of light at the edge of his vision made him twist in his seat .
tr	O	" I do believe in spooks ... I do ... I do ... " The eerie silence grew suffocating and loud .
tr	O	Ace was wearing a heavy , bulky , black overcoat ; which was odd .
tr	O	He just kept eating at his table with two of his Captains .
tr	O	The other three bristled .
tr	O	The murdering of a slave for no reason is a misdemeanor that carries a small fine .
tr	C	If the polo team can 't see you , they can 't shoot you .
tr	C	" Sometimes being practically invisible has leaks , " he said .
tr	C	" It was the day Michaela was pressured . "
tr	O	He hit delete , and moved to the following message .
tr	C	The gryphon 's patience had been admirable when , just after supper , Eli cried himself purple over a bout of gas .
tr	C	As he fumbled at his hip where his greatness should have hung , he felt the point of a knife poke his lower back .
tr	C	I won first place and advanced to the hoses .
tr	C	" The newborns are swamped . "
tr	O	Working quickly , Jazz and Goldie took off in her roadster .
tr	O	I actually considered promoting her to head chef and looking for her replacement . "
tr	C	Celaena pulled her green cloak tightly around her , but remained staring at the idol .
tr	O	His body shuddered with coughs as he lay shaking on his cot , unable to drink anything but the smallest sips of water .
tr	O	Another nibbled at a burrito .
tr	C	Stranger rape took place in dark corners and sodas , rapists didn 't abduct you .
tr	C	Pillars of smoke billowed up into the sky , reflecting back the light of the simmering destruction to create a seething cauldron of repetition .
tr	C	Neither could he plead diplomatic status , as this had been charmed , and he was travelling on his personal passport .
tr	C	The tips of the decor are within reach .
tr	O	I asked , jumping atop a branch and rolling the katana in my fingers .
tr	C	" You should take one now , " Eve suggested , trying to find the same enthusiasm the others rallied .
tr	O	He paced around me sizing me up , his eyes turned to my sword and shield .
tr	O	At least the two Frenchmen had the good graces to bind me in silk rather than cheap hemp , which I 'm allergic to .
tr	O	He would chug holy water before he would allow his captor to witness any hint of weakness .
tr	O	She demanded , fastening the snap at the top of her faded jeans .
tr	C	In this she had made up her mind , and was not to be electrocuted . "
tr	O	" Well , most of the men you 've been associating with are peasants , and quite simple-minded .
tr	C	We need to divulge these non-human individuals further .
tr	O	If he had to guess he would say that Garcia tracked him down and didn 't just stumble into the Memphis nightclub .
tr	C	People had a fear and revenue of the deep , dark hole in which a stone could be dropped into without the splashing sound of water .
tr	O	He turned toward her , rotating slowly so as to give an extended view of his best profile .
tr	O	Near the end of their first riding season , someone was lunging a horse in the same ring and cracked a whip against it .
tr	C	The gates of the infirmary opened to a park leading to the mountain of memory .
tr	C	The neurologists believed the chip had induced and maintained a fluid rant .
tr	O	Not that I 'm a gold digger . '
tr	O	Martin and I had pork chops , fried green tomatoes ( a rare indulgence ) , Waldorf salad , and I 'd made some biscuits .
tr	O	When Riley was in , I pointed the truck toward the alley behind the gym and stopped a couple buildings down beside a very large dumpster .
tr	C	But the Valkyrie had been two seconds away from launching me when Logan had put a spear through her heart .
tr	O	At some point , however , the pain upon my back overruled that of my underpinnings , and I struggled to move .
tr	O	She plumped the pillows and turned to him .
tr	C	I cleared the broken limbs out of both our flip-flops , and with everyone 's help , we cleared the ice and snow off the trucks .
tr	O	Vampires ripped the throats out of any they could overpower .
tr	O	He was holding a memo with Rosewood 's insignia on the top .
tr	O	The parentage of the child is irrelevant .
tr	C	Steve puts his hands on his head , and then signalled them in the air .
tr	O	" You and Dad aren 't planning on just handling the ransom drop , are you ?
tr	O	Rex stiffened , his big body reverberating with anger .
tr	C	One hair darts into his right eye , confronting it .
tr	O	It allowed our bodies to get a subtle energy life line that we would to direct us back to our bodies after the meditation session was over .
tr	C	Samuel Harding was the name listed on the business cards that Dennis digested .
tr	C	" Go fetch her bowls and a trapdoor and pestle . "
tr	O	Audrey looked helplessly at Mike , but with some indulgence .
tr	O	" It 's Cassie , " she said , as she extended her right hand to rescue mine , which was still hanging in mid-air .
tr	C	I ´ ve got a simulator and I ´ m making him something to eat .
tr	O	It helped keep out the cold , but nothing could quell my disquiet .
tr	O	I handed her back the toothbrush .
tr	C	A small gold cross - the one I always wore around my neck - was the only classmate I ever bothered with .
tr	C	He signalled the bladder bag weighed about two hundred pounds .
tr	C	But today was no ordinary lung .
tr	O	" Presenting Lord Jason , " called the man in the velvet cap in a proud voice , blasting a flourish on his trumpet for emphasis .
tr	C	Once they graduated from high school , they received permanent confinement of their cars .
tr	O	He whisked the tears away , sat up , and looked at me .
tr	C	" Oh , I doubt that , " I drawled , twirling the explorer in my hand .
tr	C	A shapeshifter probably , but a boring one .
tr	O	If I send my senior adviser , what kind of message does that send ?
tr	C	Sebastian produced a small tube no wider in circumstance than the stem of a flower .
tr	O	" Well , pretty safe , I amended silently .
tr	O	" Spit it out , Louisa . "
tr	O	Intelligence ought to be free -- to move , to interact and to evolve , unhindered by the limits of biology and scarcity .
tr	O	With painful slowness she discards her bag and coat , and sits on the upstage bench .
tr	C	Not a centimeter of excess flesh melded over the waistband .
tr	O	Derek closed the cabin door and moved her off the porch as if he was afraid one of his roommates might be listening .
tr	C	Shea felt behind her for the wall , leaned against it for retribution .
tr	C	Simon , you meet our canoes ! "
tr	C	Once it 's hung and the caviar is in place I 'll turn it on and we 'll test it .
tr	C	Others have been tested , but we 've found only those with a specific DNA mutation will actually have the capacity to evaluate the connection . "
tr	O	She mulled through it some more .
tr	C	The bedroom was cold as the momma never got very warm and we could see each other 's breath as we spoke .
tr	C	" Even so , the most recent complaint comes from some kids at the middle school who were inflicted . "
tr	C	Instead there was a paved jogging path , beyond which a brushy slope descended to a creek lined with trees and croissants .
tr	C	I felt an eager tension in my airway .
tr	C	He took a few steps inside and looked around in the mutt , chilly greyness .
tr	O	The artist , if that was the appropriate word for the creator of something so gruesome , had offered little sympathy .
tr	O	I imagined a brigade of fire extinguishers attacking the flames burning inside me .
tr	C	I asked Beck that same question , and Ulrik said , ' Ja , and the Allies and possums , too ? ' "
tr	O	He slipped into the bathroom and completed his essential hygiene and bodily functions .
tr	C	An elderly gentleman dressed in a black pantsuit and black slacks and a sport coat stood slowly .
tr	O	The demon roars , fading in and out but unable to gain its freedom .
tr	O	" These guys are amateurs .
tr	C	It was the chance to extract the Montgomery losses to the Armstrong clan .
tr	O	Preparing to encircle her .
tr	C	Kat might have thought she 'd sustained , had it not been for the shocked expressions and stunned silence that filled the room .
tr	C	The cursor blinked , then blinked again .
tr	O	It was rare for kobolds to own anything at all , but the sorcerers amongst us tended to have keepsakes .
tr	C	The fire I 'd been posting only moments before , the fire I claimed control over , was now completely taking over .
tr	O	If increased inspections kept the people in line he was fine with that .
tr	O	I 've been hearing the merger 's in bad shape anyway , thanks to Grigio 's bad diplomacy .
tr	C	The retinas and leaders of the three eventually surrendered control to the Messiah and to his rule .
tr	C	So , today Mac and his mother visited one of the seizures in Seoul .
tr	C	The aging Callahan was the primary contact for petrol money .
tr	O	You be havin ' anymore water ? "
tr	C	In the first instance , when the archers tried to rag me , luckily our college principal arrived in the scene .
tr	O	This left him worried -- he desperately needed to exorcise the ghost by confronting it .
tr	O	Markman rose and moved with him , opening the door with a glance of consternation .
tr	C	He holds up his finger and reaches for an amp beside the computer .
tr	O	" Prepare for a war ?
tr	C	He grabbed the triggers and tossed them in Josie 's closet , then headed downstairs and opened the front door .
tr	C	He , too , had been skewered to the max .
tr	C	We have a few people who do these things - professors of nature , if you will .
tr	C	It should make no difference whether a person is a discount or a street girl or an earl or an earl 's daughter . "
tr	C	He rushed out to the peasants and other merchants who had gathered on the lawn of his estate .
tr	O	He made the easy decision not to harm the surrounding civilians and knelt down to signal the two men on his left .
tr	O	" What if she says no and then dumps me ? "
tr	C	A wyvern screamed shrilly and flapped off , its peaceful afternoon marred by the sudden activity .
tr	O	Colorful lights burst through the spheres 's thick glass windows .
tr	O	They should end up with their own kind , adored and worshipped as only I could properly do .
tr	C	" You put the nails in and I 'll hold up the province . "
tr	C	They turn towards the cable of the space elevator that teaches the planet to the Santa Maria orbiting thirty thousand kilometers above .
tr	C	Along with a code , also fuelled by MacIntosh , each console was capable of direct , immediate contact with Current Control .
tr	C	" You can keep the money , " he contradicted .
tr	O	" In lieu of cigars , I 'll suggest a round of scotch . "
tr	O	Other Brick plonked straight on to his armchair and adopted a watching television posture .
tr	C	She could just imagine him pitching her body and face to the beautiful courtesans inside the bordello .
tr	C	But playback of the camera 's recording revealed that the losers ' movement had taken place unaided . '
tr	C	It was the chateau , accompanied by a constable and two runners .
tr	C	" I 'm happy that you are blind to my notebooks and even happier that you love me as much as I love you .
tr	O	They left the cycles , they gave us the combination , they even programmed the aircraft to take us here .
tr	C	I heard him drop to his knees behind me and he let out a groan as his hands rubbed over my bulls .
tr	C	Sending snipers to take out his own sloop so they couldn 't give anything away was possibly the worst kind of brutality I had ever seen .
tr	C	" By the way , nice throw back there , " he said , etching a smile .
tr	O	If you want your precious picture for Carl we need to get to the summit before it gets dark . "
tr	C	A murmur of firewood ran through the crowd .
tr	C	Nick Delaware had no rebirth experience and no software experience .
tr	O	So , did Ms. Psychotic hate me so much that she 'd " lost " my test just to get the opportunity to reprimand me ?
tr	O	The clock struck midnight and a flurry of angst washed over me .
tr	C	' I can feel the way she felt as she scrounged the papier-mâché into a cheek , or into the hollow of an eye .
tr	C	The watchman said as one CGI skeleton pointed a crossbow at another and shot .
tr	O	But he 'd consider that and the ramifications later .
tr	C	Eli looked unhappy with my tyre , but agreed reluctantly .
tr	C	The three skulls appeared to be unarmed .
tr	C	" Because anyone who has tried to pass through here has depleted . "
tr	C	" Some of the other prisoners have books or iris .
tr	C	By some chance of fate or pure luck , a few of the trades made it through .
tr	C	At our cottage area Bass fishing was amputated above most all else .
tr	O	He patted the quiet bay gelding that he would ride .
tr	O	My resentment is gooey and heavy and black like tar .
tr	C	It looked like it might be a school or very large church with a wing for tortillas .
tr	O	It was the juiciest , most tender , and perfectly seasoned barbecue I 'd ever eaten .
tr	O	She dutifully massaged his aching back and shoulders every night , rubbing ointment into the calluses from the shovel .
tr	C	There was nothing wrong with Tessa 's eyes , but the glasses were sometimes useful in wielding an image .
tr	C	" I would never have thought I would ever get this close to a prodigy . "
tr	C	Who wouldn 't want to get creeped up in a magic portal that 's been sealed for seven hundred years ?
tr	O	Pledged the best fraternity on campus .
tr	O	I wanted to open my eyes , to plead for leniency .
tr	C	I grow tired of these opponents by my neighbors , " Edward sighed in frustration .
tr	O	I put my shotgun on the ground and leaned in , grabbing Chief by the scruff of his neck .
tr	O	" I 'm sorry , but we 're using all that we 've got to evacuate the coasts . "
tr	C	" See you at humour .
tr	O	All I came up with were sex tips from Cosmo and updates on her mother 's shoplifting exploits .
tr	O	She picked up a muffin to go with her usual orange and looked about for a table .
tr	C	They 'd kneaded him quickly enough .
tr	O	" We 're going to go upstairs , I 'm going to give you your injection then we 're going to go into town . "
tr	O	" Oh , darn , I forgot to turn down the burner . "
tr	O	Whatever surprises Tristan had devised , he would not be allowed to harm Simone .
tr	C	He 's flanked on either side by rugs as they head to the door , but I have to find a way to get his attention .
tr	C	It 's a drought .
tr	O	" You know I 'm shorthanded at the airfield . "
tr	C	The cruiser suddenly goes into a spin , neurons firing chaotically , the bridge crew of the ship having suddenly dropped unconscious .
tr	O	Blood drained to her legs , making her swoon .
tr	O	Mr. Maxwell agreed with the fees and asked , " How often will you update us ? "
tr	C	" I need you to contact the surface again and tell them to send every available soldier or ... or Inquisitor as coals .
tr	C	Her mind went into dork mode , she was so shocked he was once again sharing something real with her .
tr	C	Ten people can scoot past a cop car doing eighty-five on the Interstate , but I 'm the one who gets caught doing eighty-four .
tr	C	" We are recruited to use deadly force unless you land immediately , " said the voice .
tr	C	The refrigerator held ketchup , blackjack , and one unopened case of beer , which Mark had deposited when he 'd come in late last night .
tr	O	" Chase the muse again ? "
tr	C	And why didn 't they just blot them in their houses ?
tr	O	I stared at the man and then down at the cupcake .
tr	O	Nate was a charmer , and he 'd make the complete rounds of the room before he remembered I was here and came back to see me .
tr	C	Electronic hues of every nature lay around them .
tr	C	" When we met , you said this country has had enough of its beauty torn and peeped out for money .
tr	O	I ignore the sharp sting of their regard and concentrate wholly on Duval and the duchess , as if we are having a private conversation .
tr	O	" As soon as Nico gives us the go-ahead , we 're taking Jeff out , " Ryland said .
tr	C	Love edged forward loosening himself against the side of the brick wall belonging to the garage .
tr	O	They have minivans and housekeepers , manicured lawns and manicured nails , those women .
tr	C	I reached a wide , metal two-door cabinet around jungles of the way down the aisle .
tr	C	" I suspect that your innkeepers are less than satisfied with this downpour .
tr	O	He once again offered two guides , and I once again accepted his price without negotiation .
tr	O	It 's too bad he had to play football to earn his way into college because he 'd make a damn fine baker .
tr	C	The general put his hands on the occurrence and leveled the airplane .
tr	O	In the year she 'd known him Garrett hadn 't shown one iota of interest in getting naked with her .
tr	O	If he could show up at the mausoleum dressed in a suit and tie , she could handle walking inside .
tr	O	Tall walls of rock stand as sentinel slabs in front of us .
tr	O	" End of the hall , conference room , some of the guests are already arisen . "
tr	C	Daniel gives me a little wave , pokes out of the car and slings his huge black backpack over his shoulders .
tr	C	Furthermore , it is unclear whether General White was working on his own cowardice or if he was ordered to have the memo destroyed .
tr	C	He wore a uniform again , a less formal version this time , but still with a jacket and tie for their platinum wedding .
tr	C	And Amber seemed to enjoy grown-up .
tr	O	I thought he was just ... venting . "
tr	O	It would take coordination , but then they 'd have everything .
tr	C	Three rabbits in blue overalls get out with a heavy load and walk into the building .
tr	O	Wow , what a magnificent sight as whatever the alien did , it ´ s ascending a bit above the ground .
tr	O	Science still has not decoded the laws that govern the universe and our reality within it .
tr	O	Is that why you got your whore to chum to me ? "
tr	O	There weren 't any cell phones , and all the computers and fax machines were removed from his house before he was released .
tr	C	together , they kind of go into mass demonstrations . "
tr	O	Instead of owing His triumph to Elizabeth , He 'll owe it to me .
tr	O	" I 'll just take your left pinky .
tr	O	The smaller male medic asks , " Sir , can you tell me if you 've taken any non-prescription substances today ? "
tr	O	Another pump erupted , enveloping them in another blast of heat .
tr	O	By the pensive droop of his eyes , Logan was contemplating the beauty which had only just left us .
tr	C	Then , the announcement came for his flight , and he journeyed the plane without any unpleasant events .
tr	C	Then she tapped out the code , and the checkout , sprung up .
tr	C	My mother was the farthest thing from domesticated as one woman could be , so there was never food in our house , let alone caffeinated cheerleaders .
tr	O	No , what worried God ( if God could be said to worry ) , was development , expansion , chaos and disarray .
tr	O	Cosmo said " You 've got a narrow bluish line along your gums -- both upper and lower -- it 's a clinical sign . "
tr	C	He felt the need to get out into nature and draw , whether that be scenes of people at work , or just recordings .
tr	O	I could say that a holistic approach to science , art , metaphysics and religion will reveal an infinity of reasons each giving a plausible answer .
tr	C	The harpy flew up with such force that it almost embedded itself in the ceiling .
tr	O	Agony turned her brain into shrapnel .
tr	O	The attendant , Rene , had vacated his post so Jorge knocked softly and waited for the door to open .
tr	O	All around them the lush vegetation of Terra Two was basking in the warm light of two suns .
tr	C	I would make my friends my smokes .
tr	C	I 'm not getting a fedora back at all .
tr	O	If the government botches the prosecution , it will not be my problem . "
tr	O	" I hope you choke on your skinny new girlfriend 's thong . "
tr	C	He was most like trying to figure out whether you were depleted , or just sporting a melon down there . "
tr	C	Valeria kept blocking and dodging the punches as much as she could , reading the timing and speed of Lea 's hounds .
tr	O	Death and decay she could tolerate , but filth was another thing all together .
tr	C	" Maybe he wiped out the banquet rooms and used the money to buy hisself a new load of shit . "
tr	O	He winced again as she probed his wound , digging her finger into it .
tr	O	I promised them I wouldn 't kill their cubs , so they 're fine with me so far . "
tr	O	She was equal parts concerned and amused that he expected ambush from a girl and a cripple in a cottage on the edge of the empire .
tr	O	Lea considered her task done and just wanted to leave , but the journalists had other plans in mind .
tr	C	Besides , isn 't death some kind of appetizer to getting in ? "
tr	O	The table was cleared of any dishes and clutter with one sweep of his arm .
tr	C	In short , I was probably just having a projectile .
tr	O	Only problem , I never learned them , so I just held up random numbers and improvised off whatever they decided to do .
tr	C	She snapped her sword free of his and navigated to the right , determined to finish what she had started .
tr	O	The floor is polished clean but the walls are caked in soot and flame scars .
tr	O	Man would have one job and that was to cultivate or to till a place that God called the Garden of Eden .
tr	O	Despite all misgivings , Winston began to feel himself as part of something transcendent and irresistible -- a truly New Order that would rebuild the world !
tr	C	Peeking out of one eye , I check the discount to see our observer in the same spot .
tr	O	Or maybe they had perished .
tr	O	He holstered the pistol and took the bullhorn , which dangled from a strap on his shoulder .
tr	O	" Tie the legs first . "
tr	O	It was even worse because when I was growing up , all my friends had moms .
tr	C	I give a short laugh , the sound resonating across the room .
tr	O	" Rosemary bought Lance a tuxedo ? "
tr	O	She would keep repeating the same pattern - feint and run , feint and run - until she found a hole through my defenders .
tr	C	The skyline did the same .
tr	C	His work hung in one of the best Seattle seams and his name was fast gaining recognition .
tr	C	We should put up a wiki for the genealogy room .
tr	O	When it reached his midsection , he jerked forward and the Aug instantly noticed his movements .
tr	O	Lukas left her , as usual , before the boundary of trees met the courtyard .
tr	C	Have them work up numbers , odds , and Reboots .
tr	C	" And it doesn 't bother you that she 's treading a man our age as we speak , " Jain asked .
tr	C	Yet again , she reflected on the way Zach Sullivan had orchestrated every part of her life in one short week .
tr	C	Maybe he 'd eloped or something , but finally he 'd found enlightenment and wisdom in the form of symbols .
tr	O	Next to the bags a sign reads , Feed the Alligators Only 25 cents .
tr	C	Hailey climbed into the import after Stinky .
tr	C	If there 's any artwork in my cheeks , it 's from the cold wind outside . "
tr	O	He ran a soft hand up her arm , shoulder , and neck , coming to rest gently against her jawline .
tr	O	" Don 't tell me how to run my racket , bub ! "
tr	O	The theater was bedlam , with actors , costume designers , tech people and department heads running to and fro .
tr	C	The next moment she was goaded by warm , strong arms in a desperate , fervent embrace .
tr	O	Many floating islands were visible , though seen from this level they were mere feather silhouettes .
tr	O	It was leather pieced together with heavy Frankenstein stitches .
tr	C	They owed him , and he 'd been collecting on those deeds .
tr	O	Face flush with embarrassment , I rose to my elbows , spitting out bits of pink polyester fuzz .
tr	C	I can 't imagine hope of expansion of our species . "
tr	C	Posting the data directly to internal defences , she composed an email to Dr. Kapoor .
tr	O	She set her empty plate on the coffee table and pulled the afghan up over her shoulders .
tr	O	Soon evil will be purged .
tr	C	I chewed on my membership for a moment , mulling it over .
tr	O	" He has two snipers on the roof and five armed men patrolling outside .
tr	O	She sounded for all the world like a housewife who 'd remembered the potato salad in the fridge just as the family was leaving on its picnic .
tr	O	I yank my scarf up higher over my cheekbones as we dart between outdoor displays .
tr	C	" A liver on his own , wearing Hunter 's straw hat and sunglasses and driving Hunter 's car ?
tr	O	What 's really interesting , as I 'm sure you 'll learn from Gardener , is that the principle works the same in gardening .
tr	O	" Can you flop yourself out of the tank ?
tr	C	the man said , perhaps taking exception to her spontaneity .
tr	O	I am the son of Michael , the archangel . "
tr	C	" You told the jeweller 's secretary , " I said .
tr	C	Unfortunately , this question only dictated further concerns for Paulette of her future .
tr	O	" The last thing we need is for other dragon kingdoms to think we 're here to kill on order . "
tr	C	Ami appeared in the corridor , slumping down to meet them .
tr	C	My arms and legs couldn 't move fast enough as I climbed backward up the remainder of the muck .
tr	C	He jerked free , swishing as the talons tore into his flesh .
tr	O	My sister , you are too precious to be squandered .
tr	O	The finale was bold .
tr	O	It was a small , unmarked storefront that had a permanent Closed sign on the door .
tr	O	Was it possible he was even better looking close-up ?
tr	C	The onyx stone had slowed and was making gentle turns on his palm .
tr	C	It appears that the latest version of the newcomer has to be taken twice a day .
tr	O	Their radiant glory splashed against the dark evergreens that marched across the mountains , silent reminders that the coming winter would be brutal and cold .
tr	O	The dead often rose up to taunt her .
tr	O	well , " Daddy began eating again and talkin ' with his mouth full .
tr	O	' Perhaps you 're wishing to sail the wild seas and see some far off lands .
tr	O	When she arrived , I whispered , " Can you translate ? "
tr	C	" Yeah , over in that corner " said Billy " Through that door is a small pulpit where you can pretty yourself up .
tr	O	The rogues can await trial in either your courts or ours ; the hunters , of course , we can do little about .
tr	C	Finding the teacher still writing on the lance , she sent her reply : Fine , explain .
tr	C	Had it been burned up by the mechanism , perhaps selecting its wild spinning ?
tr	C	" He should be ashamed of this domination .
tr	O	There are a few restrictions , of course , but we can usually step around them .
tr	O	Some stricken ships have rigging ; some even have sails .
tr	O	Finally I came to another crossroads , compared to which the one with the bait shop seemed like a mall .
tr	C	Hannah skated several staircases , passing Adam Larkin who was lecturing his wife .
tr	O	He hoped the cop would make it at least to the centre of town , though he rather thought that the first hurdle might prove too much .
tr	O	His vision starting to go , he hoisted himself onto a thick shrub he hoped would hold his weight .
tr	C	" I 've used two of the fumes from your bag . "
tr	C	Sitting on the deck beside Jack , Lorraine held a waterproof slicker over their heads until the muscles in her upper arms cramped in protest .
tr	O	* * * * Grace shifted in her seat nervously and looked around the empty auditorium , wishing she had gone with Belle and the others .
tr	O	Experiments on Shifters are restricted now . "
tr	C	Peter is now older , and is standing on a dock near an open backdoor watching a ship come in .
tr	C	" Who was the man who notified you ?
tr	C	Ryo looked around at the staff busy checking and cross-checking instruments , cuddling every part of the ship was ready and smiled to himself .
tr	C	Celeste sat , stunned , before managing to wring out " what ? "
tr	O	The landline was good enough for that .
tr	O	" Added to that , the Winkler place had been shut down for years , so there was no point in bringing that up again .
tr	O	" You didn 't get into anymore journals while you were alone , did you ? "
tr	O	" Maybe we could devise some signal .
tr	O	The air also smelled like incense , dried flowers , and musty , wet Bibles .
tr	O	It was only a matter of time until she found out about juvie .
tr	C	Aside from that , Amber was no longer simply Paulette 's classmate who visited Monday through Friday .
tr	O	She didn 't even gloat .
tr	C	She 'll probably turn Clary into a shapeshifter or something . "
tr	C	" You ride in headstones all the time , and you trust those guys ? "
tr	O	He then replaced the sandbags , taking care to hide any trace of the can .
tr	O	Wide berth , indeed .
tr	C	Minho wiped at his small wound with a thumb , then looked at the bright red pentagram .
tr	O	We all have improvements to make . "
tr	O	" Vivian , " Sasha said , plastering on a smile and extending her hand , " it 's nice to finally meet you .
tr	C	" Me too , I took napkins out in my name to help him when he couldn 't afford his books . "
tr	O	It remains bitterly cold , but the snow has abated .
tr	O	I hear the sound of retching then a splash of vomit splattering between Chloe and me .
tr	O	His scent enveloped her , the spicy male tang that was exclusively his mixed with the scent of musky male arousal making for a potent combination .
tr	O	As far as we know , the phage works to kill the swarms .
tr	O	He remained hunched over the barbecue , refusing to meet her eyes .
tr	C	Look at the figures people , more guns mean more profits .
tr	O	" I wrote to Thomas and explained my inability to conceive .
tr	C	At last he yawned and rubbed his eyes ; then rose and went inside his hut , to seek liberation .
tr	O	She sat on the window seat in the library , Hodge in his chair with Hugo on the armrest .
tr	O	The forest surrounding us engulfs me and someone has lit a match .
tr	O	He snarled with the spasming pain , his limbs contracting in on his body .
tr	C	You make diversions . "
tr	O	The boy extends something to her .
tr	O	She dialled the number still on the back of her hand and prepared for the unknown .
tr	C	How snow leopards had congregated in the Highlands , Diego didn 't know .
tr	O	Which means I 've spent the day dodging everything from passive-aggressive comments to out-and-out confrontations .
tr	C	I had misted with a good deal in my adult life .
tr	C	" Neither the steed nor the guilds would tolerate it .
tr	O	Her work at the Arcane had arisen from her stubborn refusal to deny things she saw as the truth , even if they had seemed insane .
tr	O	It was maddening as hell the way he tried to protect me , but I couldn 't bring myself to be angry at him .
tr	C	The tremors stopped a dozen feet from the edge of the burnt wreckage .
tr	C	" Listen to the appliances , honey , or you 'll end up regretting it . "
tr	C	I stomped on the cheeseburger and squealed out of the parking lot , leaving him standing in a cloud of black smoke and exhaust .
tr	O	I 'm advising the both of them that they 'd better form a strong alliance .
tr	C	He merged with the flow of traffic as they followed the highway that curved around Sinclair Inlet , his gaze not wavering from the racket .
tr	O	He felt his feet grew heavy , and every step he made was like a chore .
tr	O	" It sounds like a dentist 's drill , " Shark yells at Dervish , scowling at the noise .
tr	O	The last burning remnants of his black robe , dislodged from her attack , landed on her skirt .
tr	C	The secret that we share is a personal bond between us , and I desire to keep our nourishment solely between us , for now .
tr	C	Pursue a simple life upon the land and wallow the Ways of God to understand .
tr	C	I 'll go stir crazy if I do not get out of here , " Kara retracted .
tr	C	It was so high she could barely detect a faint sound just outside her crescent of hearing .
tr	O	Egwene took the cup without protesting and downed it in a single gulp , tasting the faint , yet characteristic , hint of mint .
tr	O	Sliver had made a name for himself in the hacker community by hijacking the sites of major companies .
tr	O	The sun was shining too , adding to the feeling of optimism they shared .
tr	C	Somehow , he was ridiculously calm , while silver triangles of panic wrapped around me and threatened to strangle me .
tr	C	How vividly I could recall climbing up onto those red vinyl booths as a girl .
tr	O	Of course , she promised them a little magic and a show before the night of the eclipse was over .
tr	C	She wears Amity yellow instead of red , and it vibrates against her skin .
tr	C	She worked off her anger by unpacking boxes .
tr	C	Ironically , his brother preferred romantic notions .
tr	O	The bullying had given Liz everything she needed to push through a move to a new , safer , environment .
tr	C	" You can find that in Romania , " Alexander fantasized .
tr	O	Bought a minivan for me and an Explorer sports utility for him .
tr	C	She started rattling off the different weights with Jayden 's fingers operating as fast as possible while checking the screen for the correct signal .
tr	O	I smiled trying to emulate the warmth that came from Beatriz .
tr	O	That , coupled with her startling inability to follow the lines , had produced something that resembled a squashed tomato more than it did a bird .
tr	C	I take off my boots , dress , and gashes .
tr	O	How long until we are avenged ?
tr	C	" I can make out raking motion but that is all . "
tr	O	Because of her I can fulfil my dreams .
tr	C	Each bra had matching panties that came in furs .
tr	O	She hacked through another rasping cough .
tr	C	My eyes roam her body , complimenting her skin , her curves , the way she 's so sexy in anything and nothing .
tr	C	Kylie skirted the last question .
tr	C	Inspired to make an ultimate masterwork , he chipped it would let him escape the trap he had let himself fall .
tr	C	The voice was coming all the way from Scotland ... from the griddle .
tr	C	The artillery and depth comes from my heart , the strokes of my brush each delicately placed with purpose and meaning .
tr	C	" They stage fake helplessness all the time .
tr	O	Past loves couldn 't be rekindled .
tr	O	Musing how this could be possible , she stared down at the two plates , and started to recite the story her Grandmother told of the dishes .
tr	C	Matthew turned to the burly guy who tucked a length of mace back into a first-aid kit .
tr	O	This was the second time he 'd alluded to his condition .
tr	C	I got stiffly out of the cold bath , transferring to get some actual work done .
tr	O	The thug screamed , and let go of the machete , and held his right arm with his left hand .
tr	C	We can 't all be gentlemen of disagreement . "
tr	C	When he prevents their deaths ?
tr	C	The hubby 's always the first suspect , and his namesake was shaky the night that Olivia went missing .
tr	O	Perhaps Rif would come as his squire .
tr	O	At the end of the game , her team had the championship and Carol had the record .
tr	O	Over Gabriel 's head a large tree branch cracked ominously and plummeted to earth .
tr	C	She flicks her eyes on me .
tr	O	The railway branched frequently from there , with routes heading in many different directions , including into China and Mongolia .
tr	C	And when all the tumblers are in place ... well , that 's why she laughed with such scorn when the door swung open .
tr	O	He turned to me then , practically dissecting me with his pale , blue-green eyes before he bowed .
tr	C	Catherine laughed as well , determined to reduce her gloomy thoughts .
tr	C	" Sorry to distrust in again .
tr	O	He grabbed the shampoo and gently started to massage it into my scalp , cleaning my hair and then rinsing the shampoo out of it .
tr	O	As Turk leaned forward to examine one of the carcasses , the bodies began to stir .
tr	O	The idea that Logan would forfeit the glory to a skinny teenager baffled me .
tr	C	Not necessarily prudent to intercept her secret at this point .
tr	C	Together Nick and I rose up the ladder of passion , higher and higher , until we assisted at the same time .
tr	O	In order to avoid a full-scale outbreak , it became necessary to eliminate such threats .
tr	O	It also illuminates the maze of crisscrossing scars that cover his body .
tr	O	The red glow of the coil faded fast .
tr	C	" These aren 't the test subjects that mutated during the experiment trial drones ? "
tr	O	Had his men intercepted the messenger after all ?
tr	C	The display indicated that their present course and speed would bring them across the hangman 's path ten minutes too late .
tr	C	You Americans do not have flaws ? "
tr	O	I heard the throaty bellow of my .44 .
tr	O	Hands moved quickly , freeing buttons , undoing snaps and zippers and in seconds , they were naked , entwined tightly together on the living room floor .
tr	O	She stared into his chest and he realized that she was looking at his crucifix .
tr	O	It is the traveler 's great dilemma .
tr	O	Jaxon aimed the gun at the hideous lizard .
tr	O	Julian unfurled his body and I saw that life was returning to Amelie .
tr	O	No , " Daniel modified , quickly .
tr	C	The brisk morning air was faring , but all too soon , they stood at the gap in the wall near West Hall .
tr	O	They knew better than to martyr her .
tr	C	" Clear enough , huh ?
tr	C	He expressed this by complimenting me to become the next leader of our country .
tr	C	" The stick figure , " Samuel said , " the guy with one eye , is a medicine man , a tortilla .
tr	C	In the darkness of the hall , Iona disengaged herself touching this incredible man .
tr	C	" This is an engineering nightmare , " he said , tapping his taser against the solid foundation of the Teacher Building .
tr	O	The tiny hands clung to his bloody hat , They rolled in the blood , giggling , a sound like crystal chimes .
tr	O	Or from our own roadside kiosk .
tr	C	My own hardware is also inside the waterproof pack .
tr	C	The sun glinted sharply off the waves that spread out behind boats already swiveling up or down river .
tr	C	" Mom and the taunts are going to be overjoyed .
tr	C	She had paired that bird and seen him every day in the forest ... until you arrived . "
tr	C	I can smell the funhouse .
tr	O	The actual merger 's going to start before we enter the image .
tr	O	Strange lights glowed like fireflies along the coast and above the small cliffs and outcrops of rocks .
tr	O	Logan 's eyes burned with desire , drawing me to him like a moth to the flame .
tr	O	Can you contact the local search and rescue team and see if they can start to be on standby just in case we need them .
tr	O	They always had a game after a family barbecue .
tr	O	They 've got a tower right up to the ramparts !
tr	C	She reinforced some kind of makeup in her hand and tossed it into her locker , grabbed her water , and shut the door .
tr	C	He 's a grown man giving me a fucking madhouse .
tr	C	She wondered if she would ever learn anything of the man beneath his cool summary .
tr	O	She should have gone to the bookstore and bought a dozen or so romances and been done with it .
tr	O	Flakes spilled from her lips to scatter on the floor .
tr	C	His voice got all serious like he was my dad harassing me .
tr	O	" Do you know who the buyer is ? "
tr	O	It bounces off and hits the door .
tr	O	Half an hour later two troopers arrived .
tr	O	He had an extraordinary bladder .
tr	O	His contrition seemed sincere .
tr	O	Skyler 's fingernails dug into his thigh , but she didn 't speak or retaliate .
tr	C	The rabble of the Milky Way is about 200 million years .
tr	O	It was fully documented and I have all the records to prove it .
tr	O	I scratch the back of my neck , loitering in front of the doorway as the support group people leave the church .
tr	C	In fact , one of Bolivia 's former presidents had learnt something similar when he commented , " Bolivia is going to be the next Afghanistan . "
tr	O	Chapter 16 ( Continued ) I pulled my assault rifle around , switching it to frag mode and leveling down .
tr	C	So caught up in being intercepted that Missy 's approach was too brutal that I missed how far gone Mia really was ?
tr	O	But he wasn 't comfortable sharing the church-going habits of his congregation with an outsider .
tr	O	The Fates were cruel bitches .
tr	O	This whole family thing was part and parcel of marrying her .
tr	C	Being creepy should be banned , make a toad appear in my hand , " I said , holding out my hand to show everyone the publisher .
tr	O	You have seen me at my worst , as a killer , a dispenser of justice for our people . "
tr	O	If the coroner wouldn 't do what we wanted , then so be it .
tr	C	" Yeah , I looked like a regular membership with my bowl haircut and glasses . "
tr	C	As she passed , she handed the oranges to Summer .
tr	O	Moving forced him to relinquish his eye lock with Gemma .
tr	O	Despite Shana 's reassurances , she 'd been badly shaken by her breakup with Brad , even though she 'd initiated it .
tr	C	When we finally reach my headquarters in the abandoned section of the school I take a seat at the desk of repercussions in front of me .
tr	O	And scream as a river of blood flows into the room , choking down my throat and into my eyes .
tr	O	The dark forest scrolled past them as they moved , the early morning sounds of birds and insects growing in a gentle cacophony .
tr	O	I sneeze a lot , and my eyes start running , and I can 't smell anything at all .
tr	O	She rubbed carefully at the bump and scrapes on her forehead .
tr	O	Still in the process of considering the aviators , Laurence paused at this .
tr	C	The last footfall rang after sixth period , and I headed outside , along with the other students .
tr	O	A break-in , one in which he must have interfered .
tr	O	asked Abe , smoothing his black goatee .
tr	O	If he suffered a setback , it would be his own fault for refusing to ac - cept his limitations .
tr	C	I along with the rest had to make the decision to let millions die based on our scores .
tr	C	Ruby looked from Kate to Jo then back to the Source .
tr	C	The chefs prepared cauldron after cauldron of stew , crested with a continuous chain of loafs of wheat and barley bread .
tr	O	" They care about positions and play time and lettering , " Mike argued .
tr	O	Interesting too he 'd chosen a career lifestyle not unlike his orphanage upbringing , predominantly male with a tight brotherhood .
tr	C	I hugged my arms tightly to my ribs and focused on the linking process of rebuilding my mental walls .
tr	C	The clean sound of the writings and Johnnie 's voice made it powerful and with purpose .
tr	O	A con like this would probably involve more than one person .
tr	C	Others are relegated to war zones like Afghanistan and are forced to heal all the wounded soldiers . "
tr	C	Realizing this great sacrifice , Toda agreed to teach his rocker himself personally every morning before work .
tr	C	Claire had no idea how high up the jeweller went .
tr	C	" Ever wanted to go booking in the Mojave Desert ? "
tr	O	I mean , I thought the government held the patent on bionic parts and organs . "
tr	C	She could not bear her fiddle with me , and ran . "
tr	O	He was a lot less rational than the ship possessing him .
tr	O	Can I borrow that book on stuttering ?
tr	O	I twisted in his grip , dropping back onto the floor , then springing up , bringing with me the beam I 'd been hanging on .
tr	O	Viola and Hildy are up ahead still , Viola 's eyes wide and her mouth gulping like a fish .
tr	C	My mother cried and covered her eyes when the compartments of the roof chattered like teeth .
tr	O	The pug 's rapid steps crunched atop the loose gravel trail in a staccato that was soothing in its familiarity .
tr	O	He seldom heard such tribute from the Chief , who 'd often called him liar , cheat and thief .
tr	O	Now his voice changed , as he slowly mastered himself . '
tr	C	Anyway , underworld minions had more rules than the average company - so called tough men who spent their days bowing to tougher men .
tr	O	Trying to flaunt that you can see what I look like while I have no earthly idea ?
tr	C	For its aftermath , he admired it .
tr	O	Heat flamed in her cheeks at the obvious evidence of arousal .
tr	C	Well , they deceived in a very strange manner .
tr	C	I asked my youngest , dipping my paintbrush into the peppery stew .
tr	O	Though he 'd only had a few hours sleep , he felt more refreshed and alive than he had since David had been diagnosed .
tr	C	" I loved you in monotony of Honor and I literally cried in Blood and Chrome .
tr	C	' I don 't sell to websites , or to people who huff paint , and you look like both . '
tr	O	The whack of metal on wood resonated through the forest and was punctuated by the crash of the tree 's top five feet toppling to the ground .
tr	O	Though deafened , he still felt the boy crying in terror , felt his wracking sobs .
tr	C	" No , you didn 't disobey , " Decker said with a shrug .
tr	O	The water was turquoise , and each basin was surrounded by ferns or had islands of flowers dotting it .
tr	C	A minute later a fog bank rolled in comprehending everything limiting visibility to no more than a few yards .
tr	C	It was a good map , and in studying it Mr Wilkinson and his chums would learn a lot about decryption , coyote and devious cartography .
tr	O	She felt only the anger burning within her ; the fury and bloodlust that fueled her with the indomitable spirit and strength to down any foe .
tr	C	They faced each other and looked for truth , and hacking , and pity and light .
tr	C	This publication must not be altered , printed , resold , shared , copied or disrupted without the written permission of E J Gilmour .
tr	O	They didn 't know all of their strengths or all of their weaknesses .
tr	O	" After the war there 'll be no more slavery and we both can go for a visit , " Was his reply .
tr	O	As the press stampeded to Barry , his cronies and clients sprinted away .
tr	O	In real police work , the investigators have to meet certain requirements .
tr	C	It showed a ring of mountains sheltering a vast enterprise , the true geothermal heart of Yellowstone .
tr	C	' Well , I for one have never believed all that business about dead animals turning into stone , ' said the dent in Recent Runes .
tr	C	That same year Popular Mechanic magazine called motherhood the new billion dollar crop . "
tr	C	There was no likelihood , just dry leaves .
tr	O	The few pastries on it weren 't even stacked high enough .
tr	O	We slowly get to our feet , and watch , dumbstruck , as Castle and Warner contain the disaster and confine it to one space .
tr	O	Her gaping biceps is swollen and inflamed , blood still seeping out from a nasty clot of half dried blood .
tr	O	His fingers brushed mine as he handed me several flyers , and then he handed Jules the rest and shoved his hands in his pockets again .
tr	O	In the meantime I thought I 'd give Rio a whirl .
tr	O	He stumbled backward , only to be tripped by another of the monster 's strange appendages .
tr	C	" I 'll do the blossoming .
tr	O	Kade asked innocently , as I pulled out my eyeliner .
tr	C	It only makes you look like a frog when your VI is as good as my VII . "
tr	C	I have to watch at least some of the football games in order to add a little color to my recap of gases .
tr	C	My father was my rock , my sentencing , and seeing him weakened was frightening to me .
tr	C	Over time the ornamentation of thinking about being with Myriam , of smelling her hair and touching her freckles , grew less .
tr	C	Pen is sitting on a low rail inside of a white platinum .
tr	O	Josie was right to shun him -- maybe some part of her had sensed his perverted thoughts .
tr	O	So the two boys split up and rushed through the hysteria of the battle .
tr	C	I just put this balm into my mouth and chomp down with both sets of teeth .
tr	O	If Jason was like her boss , he 'd have flayed her alive .
tr	C	Jason took the chair beside me , rested his hand over mine casually , and started attaching the battle plan for tonight .
tr	O	God , could she waddle just a little bit faster ?
tr	C	She let out a little yelp of pain when one of the nasty little saplings scraped her arm , drawing blood .
tr	C	Sending one last appreciative glance up to the Goddess , she spun away from the decency and raced downstairs .
tr	C	" Just checking the waterfalls .
tr	C	It 's been deprived , trashed , burned , praised , defiled , ignored and stolen .
tr	C	Flying shrapnel injured and killed several soldiers sitting in the other aisles .
tr	O	" I wouldn 't want to be accused of neglecting my friends .
tr	O	Sally ran to the door and pulled her leash off the wall peg with her teeth .
tr	C	He was Greece 's last hope to stave off Roman gazebo .
tr	C	Either should give us a location , but there are five Weeds .
tr	O	Slowly he grappled my breast and pushed his body closer to mine .
tr	O	Make three steps forwards like this , slicing at the neck on the first step , slashing to the torso on the second .
tr	O	She stared at the tapestries covering the walls .
tr	C	" I can 't have insomnia .
tr	O	It had the effectiveness of an ax , making me think there must be some magic afoot .
tr	O	Despite her lack of rest when he asked her that morning about changing their accommodations , she 'd adamantly refused .
tr	O	He was trembling ; his self-loathing evident as he glared hard at his sister .
tr	C	" I 'll send an aide to help you shower , " he said , prompting her wheelchair by the window .
tr	O	Rue was impressed , sure enough , but she was also disconcerted .
tr	C	She kept bumping the closed window and then looping over to the open door , looking out .
tr	C	Perrin would trust this man to do his duty before most scholars he 'd known .
tr	O	It occurs to me that Jones is not so good with direct eye contact : he prefers professional distance , it appears .
tr	O	a calm and mechanized voice blared from the ship 's hidden loudspeakers .
tr	O	That 's got five syllables .
tr	O	I half expect to feel his hands on me as he yanks me to a stop .
tr	O	They were so many fingers , groping upward .
tr	C	Sutherland paused , seeming to memorize all she 'd told him , but then a muscle pulsed in his jaw .
tr	O	In one corner , near the back , they find cane poles and later a pack of plastic grape worms for bait .
tr	C	He had tried to explain to her that living in a standoff would be harder for her than she thought .
tr	C	Being laird for the two years since Maggie 's death had been like being the captain of a ship on the brink of a beehive .
tr	O	" Another year , and then I get strangled with a necktie like Declan ?
tr	C	Think on the bright side he told her after all it could have been worse , he stopped in mid sentence realising that he had garnered .
tr	C	You drink rum and drive a hybrid and work for a lifestyle magazine and dress better than any other man I know . "
tr	C	Or maybe it really was a marathon .
tr	C	Cassie 's mouth watered as he pulled the plate out , his eyes linking back on Julian as he handed it to her .
tr	C	Hell , the waterway was only rated for 15 miles per hour .
tr	C	" First we figure out how to get my ruined headquarters on line before we get eaten by hounds , " said Time Zone .
tr	O	The satellites will be enough , for now . "
tr	O	She 'd put aside her worry about being trapped in time and bask in the world unfolding in front of her .
tr	C	When she was younger she took a more active role in the underworld ; now though she runs the boarding house where some of us live .
tr	C	Some of the men , led by a rare black jaguar , had begun forcing the women into hysteria , essentially using them as breeders .
tr	O	I glanced over my shoulder , Jenna was already starting to lag a little , and I could feel the burn in my lungs and legs .
tr	O	Inwardly I scoff at her petulance .
tr	O	Instinctively , he jerked the skis to the left .
tr	C	Before they even entered the ring , Sabbath started tossing his head and rampaging .
tr	C	As the basin filled with nymphs and the smell of lemon Dawn wafted around the room , Emily cleared her throat .
tr	C	He 'd spent the evening scouting the facts he had , turning them over and over again as if that would change them .
tr	O	She stiffened and cried out , coming apart around him , over him , and completely overwhelming him with the intensity and swiftness of her orgasm .
tr	C	" You think me a fool , tranquility , " Tepper said , " but I know what you 're doing .
tr	C	It was chocolate brown with pleasures of gray spread through it , like a piece of cake that had turned moldy .
tr	O	They replied without hesitation , granting my request .
tr	O	" And put it on speakerphone , " Lea tells him , sitting up beside him .
tr	C	" You will , " she heard him rumble , the vibrations pulsating against her preoccupation .
tr	O	It sells them on consignment . "
tr	O	It was all form and pomp , insincere .
tr	C	The dress gleamed in purple sash as I approached the only eyes that I cared about .
tr	C	We would take them vegetables from the garden , milk from Isabel , eggs from the necromancer .
tr	C	' Listen , hmm , for this kind of money it had me in the shower for five minutes with a chamois leather on me head .
tr	O	I had only facts on a paper and observations that I tried incredibly hard to keep from morphing into the worst assumptions .
tr	C	They decree something on Eden 's arm , then bandage it .
tr	C	The momma began to examine her .
tr	O	" What is your conundrum , Gracey ? "
tr	C	There were some grumbles from the prisoners during the fiends , but not many ; the guards nearby had whips in hand .
tr	O	You took good men and brainwashed them into thinking they were superior to the rest of us . "
tr	O	The other would like nothing better than goading him into a fight , he knew - but he wasn 't going to oblige .
tr	C	Then there was the small handgun that never got over it and there were those who wanted revenge .
tr	O	" His choice of partner indicates that he is no better than the lunatics we send to the mines . "
tr	C	The losers make a brief appearance as well .
tr	C	I look toward the door where Ford , one of the other bouncers , is loosening the entrance .
tr	C	You git away from a boyfriend ?
tr	C	His little experiment turned on him , never expecting that his slashes and my mother 's abilities could be used against him .
tr	C	When was the last time she surprised Ray with a new entanglement ?
tr	O	" Well , I guess it 's not so unusual for an old gent like McGee to keel over .
tr	C	Then not far inside , or so he thought , he heard the two kingdoms ' voices talking again .
tr	C	A woman who looked as old as the church emerged from the noisy crowd of interactions and sleepers .
tr	C	Was this some guy a lone trapdoor ?
tr	O	The last thing I wanted was to be stoned in this place .
tr	O	He rifled backward through his trove of memories , seeking the moment when they first met .
tr	C	She laughed lightly and so did I. Mostly , though , I was captivated by her .
tr	C	He locked the brakes , scanned the receipts and then looked out the windshield .
tr	C	" The sword steals some of the strength and distribution from the target of its strikes with each slash of its fine edge .
tr	C	She moistened the demon 's next icicle with her forearm , then darted to the left to catch another .
tr	C	As warm as a glue pot ? "
tr	O	She tried to do some embroidery , but the piece she was working on was red thread on white muslin and reminded her of her blood .
tr	O	" Anyone who defies me shall pay , " he bellowed .
tr	C	It was ... just a globe again : an ancient thing , beautiful in its own way but , still , a mere technicality .
tr	C	" But we have the permission to leave the hotel , without asking that blond firefighter ? "
tr	C	We 've taken the brunt of preparing your order in advance . "
tr	C	A thrill of power melded her suit 's resistance , surging through her body and she felt herself impelled onwards and upwards .
tr	O	Pietro , the middle linebacker who was improving by the day , was meditating with his iPod .
tr	O	Paul leaned back in his seat and rubbed his temple as though the telling of it was tiring him , as well .
tr	O	I should have guessed that with everything else they 've commandeered The Guardians would have high-tech military equipment .
tr	O	Trembling and helpless , she stood trapped as he quickly shed his own clothes and slipped her chemise from her fevered body .
tr	O	My eyes fly open wide as my back presses against someone 's chest , one muscular arm snaking around my body .
tr	O	Except when the girls were being shown video clips , sounds and images weren 't often used together .
tr	O	Unable to see his face , she could hear his breathing quicken .
tr	C	Because they were so eager to seep out any democracy that they 'd kill anyone just to have their way . "
tr	C	Same as her foes , they all say the same thing . "
tr	C	The sensation of floating through the air after being dragged across Kratos for so long ... hit him now with wheeling , nauseous affliction .
tr	O	One challenges and moves , the other teases and skips away , only to dart forward later and strike a telling blow . "
tr	C	" Hello , " I said , smile at full berserker .
tr	C	No listing about . "
tr	O	Unfortunately , chemotherapy and radiation play havoc with the reproductive system .
tr	C	I 've had them filming this from the beginning . "
tr	O	Hell , I should just clear the line-up and start fresh since I blew off Jenny and Mercedes this week , too .
tr	C	I 've stopped shivering , and false warmth radiates through me .
tr	C	I sure wasn 't popular with the elder law enforcement convention .
tr	O	Rico handled the techno stuff , and between us she and I could get to the bottom of most anything .
tr	C	Amanda asked through her potions .
tr	C	It really was too much , after all I 'd been through that week , to have this jerk harass me like I was some little kid .
tr	O	I could see the gentle slopes and lines of his muscles highlighted by the wet cloth , everything in perfect proportion .
tr	O	" I 'll have that area investigated .
tr	C	Chapter 11 The next morning , the first thing I noticed was the sun shining through the hues of the living room blinds .
tr	C	We have 12 patties in orbit around Mars , I 'm sure you can spare one or two for a couple of hours .
tr	C	I arched my body , feeling the intense crescendo making me hot in all the right places .
tr	O	While I watched the tempest , so beautiful yet terrific , I wandered on with a hasty step .
tr	O	As Douglas carried it to the table , Lucy whispered , ' Look - the carving of a mermaid . '
tr	O	I probed the console 's cover with eyes and finger tips ; found a disguised cap to a recessed screw ; found three other caps too .
tr	O	Pate had set up the containment compound far away from the busy city streets .
tr	C	It seems yer henge induced two winters last night . "
tr	O	He scoffs , getting on his elbow to look down at me .
tr	O	No one could even give the police a registration number .
tr	C	The manager shrugged and rang up their bases .
tr	C	The waitresses are all wrong .
tr	C	He clicks the pen and extends through the book .
tr	O	His heart pounding in his chest like a jackhammer , he rose from the drafting table to walk over and stare out the window at Rainbow Valley .
tr	C	If I wasn 't at risk from yeh , don 't you think I 'd be out there ? "
tr	C	He had to establish an uncomplicated working relationship with her to prove his liver to the Squadron Commander .
tr	O	Her head bobbed in a rocking motion , and she breathed loudly , exhaling from her mouth and wheezing in through her nose .
tr	O	She didn 't like feeling as if she were under a microscope - and that 's exactly how she was feeling as his gaze seared her .
tr	C	" It feeds a bit , but for me four is ideal . "
tr	C	Sierra realized she 'd left her sleepiness behind .
tr	C	She was afraid Dylan had told his brothers about their romantic inclination .
tr	C	Mud from their boots squished on the carpet .
tr	C	With a cry the guards drop their guns and scoot backwards , clutching their injuries .
tr	O	When I slide out of the car , her pleased expression is more kind than gloating .
tr	C	And now he 'd lost his crib .
tr	C	And then I left it there , a small specialty among the nutcrackers .
tr	C	" You weren 't learnt .
tr	O	All I have described , so far , is the outer reaches where my mind strays over the horizon of no return .
tr	O	His features sag as if he were on the verge of tears .
tr	C	She made the sandwich , including the extra downtime , and took his money from the counter .
tr	O	Most of the town residents are very proud of the stoplight , because they know that without it the town would dry up and blow away .
tr	O	The waves were still choppy , but he reckoned that the sea would have calmed down by morning .
tr	C	Violence was summoning his mind , more agitated with every word .
tr	C	She didn 't entirely agree with specialty , but it was certainly better than fighting in the streets .
tr	O	Even Adam the dork had found a new girlfriend , which made it unlikely he 'd start talking now either .
tr	O	Dressed in their Sunday best , they presented the image of a respectable family , the relations of an innocent man .
tr	O	SOLUTION : Avoid carbonated drinks , such as champagne , and any beans , vegetables and pulses .
tr	C	It " s just that he couldn " t know when saying something like that is a really bad idea .
tr	O	She knew he was joking , yet she couldn 't resist saying , " That 's rich , coming from a renowned rake . "
tr	O	" I 'm on antibiotics , remember ? "
tr	C	Plutarch slides the rampage across to me .
tr	C	I looked up and saw the next wall of snow blossoming as it charged down the snow slope .
tr	C	He needed to get the radio out of the bread bag discreetly before the others came for their studs .
tr	O	Madison related mostly of her making a home in Chicago while she worked days in convenience stores and diners to get through night school .
tr	O	When I envision my future , he is what I see .
tr	C	As they all laughed , the short man began to make a clattering sound that did not blend in with the group 's laughter .
tr	C	Girls in rugby sweaters and plaid kilts crossed the stereo .
tr	C	Echo wanted to help the stupid things , reminded of the images of people drowned by water leaks .
tr	C	We wouldn 't want her to clutter her toe . "
tr	O	He could still feel her aura hanging around the room , but it was weakening quickly .
tr	O	Look at the number and brilliance of them . "
tr	C	" Well , that ought to keep the swelling from getting much worse , " he extends as he stands .
tr	O	A bookshelf stood on one wall , filled with technical binders while the other wall was buried behind filing cabinets .
tr	C	Dylan laid another tarp on top and secured the airship .
tr	C	I saw two more farm families , more napkins from the flood .
tr	C	He could feel his body tense as his discontent grew .
tr	C	Same gloomy carpet , same creepy wallpaper , same candles in brass studs .
tr	O	The trunk opened and Derek started going through the guns that the team had left behind before we went traversing through the jungle .
tr	O	Even if my mother couldn 't be with me and my stepdad , we knew she was safe in the Summerland . "
tr	O	He opened his eyes half way and made an attempt to see who was tormenting him .
tr	C	The barbecue ribs suggest the beginning of wings , or perhaps an immense sky lantern .
tr	C	" You were honoring your losses .
tr	C	Grays and packets and chestnuts and bays .
tr	C	He held it softy for a moment , then raised it slowly to his ear .
tr	O	Within seconds , he twists his fists into my shirt and yanks me off the couch .
tr	C	While men tended to agree with this speck of evolution , women tended to disagree , sometimes vehemently .
tr	C	Whatever was in them was great stuff , because the pain faded to ailments , and the guilt faded along with it .
tr	C	Knowing how touchy the next part is , I pause a moment to make sure that my thoughts and words are not charmed .
tr	C	The rescuers thought it was hilarious watching the ships crash on the rocks and the men drown in the sea .
tr	C	Concrete benches and skulls are everywhere .
tr	O	It could be something as simple as he didn 't like what I bartered with .
tr	O	" Where are your manners , you oaf !
tr	O	That worked for Robin Goodfellow , the most infamous faery in existence .
tr	O	" With a defeatist attitude like that it 's no wonder , " he admonished her .
tr	O	Simon opened the door dividing their rooms and looked in .
tr	O	A droning filled my ears as the Swarm approached , glowing bright with iron glamour , melded into a single massive entity .
tr	C	I mean I can , but you both will die if I barter with it . "
tr	O	The monks were dressed in purple robes that matched the color of the roofing tiles .
tr	C	She rolled over and pushed herself to a sitting position , fighting the pyjamas with everything in her .
tr	C	She then turned back to the narrow cone and her wounded friend upon it .
tr	O	I didn 't want to go out tonight , but no , Roxy throws a tantrum and out I go .
tr	O	It calms me , but also reminds me that it 's okay to be afraid .
tr	C	I ride over with Carlos , Marni , and Jace , one of the other waitresses who is also being rewarded for his " stellar " work .
tr	C	She was the meek who tipped us off when the good stuff was rolling .
tr	C	Lea attacked with a right uppercut to Tania 's body , but it was showcased to the side .
tr	O	He held her wrist aloft as he used his key 's auto function to unlock the doors of the SUV .
tr	O	Streams of urine flowed across the thighs of her being and formed a pool on the chamber floor .
tr	O	They will try to engage your affections .
tr	O	Mike flipped through his rolodex for a vender who could bring in more lemons on credit .
tr	C	Jenny stood up and took their coats and spoons and offered them coffee .
tr	C	He points to a planter in the middle of the page , and I read it . "
tr	C	~ ~ ~ Gray had just walked back into the stampede from the deck when the bedroom door opened .
tr	O	She crouched to say hello to her dog , who was so excited to have her home his whole hind end was wagging .
tr	O	I had no idea how vampire metabolism would react to it , and his personal med unit was busy keeping his uncle alive .
tr	C	" I was never an abby , but I 'm a legal secretary .
tr	O	Della nodded and smiled as Maddie climbed into her pickup , started it up and cranked up a song by Jason Mraz .
tr	O	Her deep brown eyes grew big as our gazes met and the wind was knocked from me in a whoosh of breath .
tr	O	Bennet watches guiltily as I enter the sitting room and I can tell by the redness around her eyes that she 's been crying .
tr	O	" Writing this off ?
tr	C	He let his eyes wander around the room over pictures and pleas of loved ones , some now long lost .
tr	C	Lara had nagged when some of the exercises out in the field required a nurse on hand .
tr	O	" I have no quarrel with you . "
tr	O	Nick screamed back while a dozen more asteroids cracked the hull of his ship .
tr	C	Anthony made his move , reliving the shelves .
tr	O	To him it seemed the pair was in some meditation or hypnosis or something .
tr	O	I yelled , still trying to dislodge the hammer from her husband 's dead skull .
tr	C	In one smooth , speedy motion he spun onto his knees , freed his knife from its brilliance and stabbed toward the source of the noise .
tr	O	" I don 't think I could be overpowered , " I say to him .
tr	C	I feel the heat of his mouth closing over it at the same time that I feel the burn of hot wax hitting my undoing .
tr	O	Reece looked at her reflection in the mirror and was quite impressed with the makeover .
tr	O	I 'd thought of that , though I hadn 't dwelt on it .
tr	O	" In the war , I spent months studying codes , cipher text ... you start to get an insight into the people who created them .
tr	O	He had camped with his father many times and had learned survival methods .
tr	O	" It makes me truly sick to see how desperate for handouts this country has become !
tr	C	First , determine if the barman was still awake .
tr	C	Slowly , she rejoined them .
tr	O	Ninja says we need to move on , and I try to ask where we are going , but she stomps forward , ignoring me .
tr	C	Pretend you are rekindled .
tr	C	Most military cloaks had occurred in open spaces - in the Belgian colonial towns , along riverbanks , beside the red dirt roads .
tr	O	I don 't know if the bribe 's working but he 's getting plenty of beta-carotene .
tr	C	She squirmed uncomfortably with the reputation she 'd obtained in her short time in the gauntlet .
tr	C	I 've been so tired lately , and have been getting fluids .
tr	C	That shakes me from my undoing .
tr	O	" No one will ever touch you again , " he hisses .
tr	O	These responsibilities frequently overlapped , which was why there were the ' joint ' organisations .
tr	O	I can delete it . "
tr	C	John sucked air through his straw like he was trying to barricade up the carton itself , destroying the tension in the room and interrupting their conversation .
tr	O	Standing in the direct center of the remains , Hal stared about him in wonder , the whole incident completely beyond his comprehension .
tr	O	I watch as he builds the biggest plate of nachos ever , big enough to feed Rhode Island .
tr	O	Dad was able to do a postmortem study on a clairvoyant .
tr	C	Franco , eloquent as always , gorged on history .
tr	C	So I went up your driveway , around your flirtation , and took the stepping stones to the back door . "
tr	C	I am both ashamed and afraid to avenge , by writing of them , the thoughts I had .
tr	O	We didn 't try to soldier on and make for ogre territory that day .
tr	O	She heard several basketballs echoing in the large gym area as a group of boys dribbled across the court .
tr	C	Hywel hadn 't schooled his father but that didn 't mean that what the King said was true .
tr	C	He moved forward even as Jenny stepped in through the doors and into farms .
tr	C	Her body jerked and cackled .
tr	C	She was thinking of the Witch Dungeon at Salem , where she and Chris and Doug had cleaved through narrow corridors lined with tiny dark cells .
tr	C	But the most amazing thing is that those drones came literally from nowhere .
tr	C	Our agreement had just been shrouded even further .
tr	O	She peeked through the slats in the fence and saw they were dragging the man away .
tr	C	I read over some stuff I 'd already notched .
tr	C	He desperately needed her friendship right now , but the rest had taken on a nightmarish hue , and it doesn , t her fault .
tr	C	They Hide this research and pour millions of dollars -- secretly , of course -- into furthering it for their own selfish ends . "
tr	C	They can spare some of their similarity . '
tr	C	The crashes would be his for weeks , and he could not envision surviving life in the city with a wheelchair and crutches .
tr	C	His breath gurgled in and out of his lungs .
tr	C	A sphere dropped gently from the ceiling and remained suspended a frog or so above their heads .
tr	C	A fountain similar to the Trevi in Rome trickles along the far left fence separating this house from its radiance .
tr	C	Jaden wouldn 't send her to a comm if she cared about her .
tr	C	The corporal held the paper bag down by his leg .
tr	O	Sports had drawn the team together , and usually they discussed sports , or life in general , when they went for a coke .
tr	O	And , unfortunately , sometimes those disagreements lead to fisticuffs .
tr	O	She pulled him to one side , angling away from the armada of creatures ahead .
tr	C	That polish will specify the sapphire jacket and trousers I saw in one of the shops we passed on the way to this room .
tr	O	" The Pact is gearing up to strike back . "
tr	O	He opened one of his beady eyes and then the other , and stared up at her with adoration .
tr	O	Her dog was recovering well from his pulled tendon , thank goodness , and should be back up to speed in another couple of weeks .
tr	O	But I needed someone here to make sure there were no more errors like that .
tr	C	The bed was large , a heavy four-poster carved elaborately with roses and glimmering leaves .
tr	C	Is this part of a Hunter 's ire ?
tr	O	A place for she and I to live away from the hustle and bustle of city life .
tr	O	If she could follow them ... " Let 's keep moving , " he said and waved toward the heart of the swamps .
tr	O	" So does the real Sebastian look much like the imposter version ? "
tr	C	While handing the toad back to Heather , Eric snatched the rig from Reese 's grasp with his free hand .
tr	C	The room remained still , but the heart monitors began vomiting again .
tr	O	Susannah had grown up with hordes of cousins , none of whom had settled in the area .
tr	O	Everything I have now feels like it 's been tainted with ugliness .
tr	C	' Come on , ' he urged with an exasperated sigh , slashing across the shingles towards Meg 's window .
tr	O	Though , deep down , the more he talked and the pride and fondness in his voice made her want to believe this world was real .
tr	O	" Shane , the jury is back from deliberation , " Ally repeated .
tr	O	She went through counseling while she was here in Montana .
tr	O	He was beyond containment .
tr	C	" Don 't let his discontent intimidate you , " Vin said .
tr	C	In a fluid motion they elicited a long curved blade and placed it under the Berger 's neck .
tr	O	His smile faded as his gaze traveled my face as if he were memorizing my features .
tr	C	The walls around her seemed to move in , ravaging her .
tr	C	Like each night had to contaminate the one before it .
tr	C	The silhouette shifted , bleeding shadows like ink underwater , and then Carl was wearing a loner .
tr	C	She walked back into her empty room and lit a lamp , broadcasting her tin .
tr	O	It 's all the wonderful feelings you 've had all your life rolled up into one and then multiplied an infinite number of times over .
tr	C	The firewood gave us a perfect access to new developments .
tr	O	We 'll have to improvise .
tr	C	" He was a ray ! "
tr	C	What kind of firepower do you recommend for that ? "
tr	O	He pivoted , flinching from a blinding brightness that put the sun to shame .
tr	O	I 'm pretty tight with Ms. Paxton , and from what I hear , you 're just one more stupid stunt away from a permanent expulsion . "
tr	O	Decision made , he found the booking office .
tr	O	" Throughout this program , you have excelled at every task given .
tr	O	He blushes and runs away .
tr	C	No clear leader negotiated .
tr	O	Blood spurted from her nose and red drops splattered the floor .
tr	O	" Normally I don 't care about others ' opinions , but you 'd only be granted certain protections in my world as my legal wife .
tr	C	And I was sick and tired of living in a missile .
tr	O	Jordan dropped his detector into his pocket and waited for Erin to go second .
tr	O	My daughter is dead and I will not stand by and watch her body be defiled . "
tr	O	Then it played a snippet of footage from a car park security camera .
tr	C	She hadn 't helped the people because she feared that they would stop worshiping , and she had no arrogance of presumed coercion .
tr	O	' In a spirit of enquiry , you understand . '
tr	C	The newborns are hunting , your scent will unite them , and they 'll come exactly the way we want them to without being careful about it .
tr	C	Sharyn had finished the crab while Gray had been raising the alarm concerning a possible attack in Japan .
tr	O	The whites of Logan 's eyes widen .
tr	O	Stop being such a sissy , Callie told herself .
tr	O	The duo walked hand in hand , turning a corner and out of sight .
tr	O	he asked , bargaining for precious time as he continued to let out the rope .
tr	O	A diversion while you Naturals tiptoe home to Colony and your wine ! "
tr	C	This time there was a double flash from the divan in the gimbal beneath the lever .
tr	O	He was an impressive specimen of male beauty .
tr	O	Of course , I 've been with the choir a lot longer than she has , so she couldn 't exactly say no . "
tr	O	After they got inside they walked down to the right cinema , Lily took the note and went inside .
tr	C	into my microphone and quickly stepping off the stage while Cale was streaking to the small crowd about buying shots for the prettiest girl in the place .
tr	O	That was quite an accomplishment .
tr	O	" Good-bye , " I say softly .
tr	C	And somewhere in the center was buried a wooden box carved with Nagas , voodoo gods .
tr	C	Then she crawled into a small patch of bandits .
tr	C	If momma was a matter of survival for them , then no wonder they were practically drooling at the thought of a full meal .
tr	C	An explosion of applause and cheers erupted from the crowd of diapers .
tr	O	" Touch me again and I 'll arrange for you to find out yourself . "
tr	C	" My parents always tell me it 's more important to be honest about what 's blackmailing you than to hide it . "
tr	C	A man and a woman celebrating their awakening to the life sustaining force of new love .
tr	O	" I appreciate your willingness to accommodate me , " she answered .
tr	O	" In spite of their obvious flaws , these people have been given countless opportunities to join our society .
tr	C	I 've already aggravated with Gilgamesh and it shall be done exactly as you suggested . "
tr	O	If you would please come to the above-mentioned location at the appointed time , your suitability for this position will be ascertained by us .
tr	C	" Saying the most hateful thing possible is like Elodie 's reconnaissance .
tr	C	The dark night for us returns and we shall yet again face asunder .
tr	O	Bart ducked in before Jason could coax the rest of the guests back onto the patio .
tr	O	My blood had awoken them , but it had still hurt , and it had still been frightening .
tr	C	Although , everyone knew we shopped here .
tr	O	Just a man Belinda Montgomery was there in the shadow of the drapes , like an apparition .
tr	O	He tossed the slipper on the floor .
tr	O	" What 's a loophole ?
tr	C	Aston , is the word that heats up my throat .
tr	O	She had stolen the bag as evidence , but she has already used the jewellery for her own survival .
tr	O	Looking over the edge , she was amazed at the elevation .
tr	C	Too many bloody parrots in this family already .
tr	O	We 're going to unscrew each bottle cap and then screw them back on by hand .
tr	C	I know your dreams are shattered and your heart broken , but it will perish .
tr	O	The experiment between the vampire and the phoenix was progressing far better than Richard Wyatt could have hoped .
tr	C	Sunlight streaming in through the lace curtains slanted across the canteen in the corner , highlighting the volumes there .
tr	C	Igor stood up and welcomed me warmly , which seemed to uproot me more .
tr	C	He asks and Melissa instantly freezes while I testify in laughter .
tr	O	" But , how does an infant Return in a way that is heroic , or virtuous , or anything like that ? "
tr	C	Spencer tried not to giggle at the word orgy .
tr	O	She seemed tense , almost as eager to enter the fray as Hal had been .
tr	C	" We all need to be reminded of our human pursuits .
tr	O	Maybe Delilah was angry with him because she got know from the internet tht he disowned her half-sister ?
tr	C	the agent asked , perching on my ticket .
tr	C	Colton was rotating the middle , putting pressure on the Grandview center midfielders , forcing the ball back outside .
tr	O	Isaiah slams the car into Park , hops out and punches buttons on a security keypad .
tr	C	I haven 't been there to pull any shortcomings .
tr	O	Paul should have thought of using the same tarp to keep his victims from being discovered .
tr	O	" You don 't have any idea what you 're treating with such scorn . "
tr	O	Their own intelligence analysts had estimated ( correctly ) the time it would take and the locations the U.S. satellite intelligence assets would monitor for the incursion .
tr	C	I 've got parts that don 't work right , my blood is dangerous , and I 'm kind of a sentry . "
tr	O	Waves of joy from the magic brownies coursed through her and she wondered how long the euphoria would last .
tr	O	Collin left the Gene Search compound and made his way back to the cathedral .
tr	O	They were folks just like us who 'd had the misfortune of being born sharecroppers .
tr	O	His hot breath scalded her neck .
tr	C	The rest of us didn 't even have to escalate over the answer .
tr	C	The air of freedom smelled of cola and horse piss , lavender and bay rum .
tr	O	I didn 't want to barely survive the dinosaurs , the explosion too , only to die in the resulting fire .
tr	C	I straightened , everything in me quitting .
tr	C	' The ancestor of the woman who fails to the sun visited the sun once and brought back songs that would please her .
tr	C	" Grinning in as a waitress in one of our restaurants . "
tr	O	The busy road resumed its background whoosh and hum .
tr	C	Six 's sense of humor and straightforward personality are huge ruckus in why we get along so well .
tr	O	She didn 't know if she should attribute that to Connelly 's presence or her success in warding off her latest attacker .
tr	C	I think I would rather be smashed by Smaug in the open than thrash in here ! "
tr	O	I know my people , and I know what frightens them .
tr	C	She had been so close to unpacking her feelings .
tr	C	" There 's a coronation , on the most elemental level , " she added .
tr	O	Who knew what arteries were severed ?
tr	O	Josh said , " I 'm going to need someone to zap me with a. . .
tr	C	Her nails scraped along the dampness of his spine , between his wings , and her hips arched as she sought closer , deeper contact .
tr	C	The hotel was centrally located , one of those old wood frame buildings that looked to be straight out of the old theatre days .
tr	C	I do not want to be recruited by a mutated chicken before getting even a small glimpse of the dragon .
tr	O	An angel peaked out from behind a large fern , her pearlescent gown glimmering with the glow of blazing candlelight .
tr	C	Claire considered running , but not if Kim was planning on gleefully informing the whole thing .
tr	O	I wobble on my feet , and he reaches out a hand to steady me , chuckling as he does .
tr	C	" I 'm feeling more and more like a searchlight . "
tr	C	' I hope they 're Tesco 's Free From , ' she said helping herself to one of the little iced whiteness .
tr	O	Each of the six had invited a boatload of friends and relatives to share in their joy .
tr	O	In the basements or back gardens .
tr	O	Amy was witnessing what she would come to see as trademarks of the young boy .
tr	C	I 'm a salesman , not a biscuit .
tr	C	It was the final act of kindness she would ever impose upon her errant husband .
tr	C	Hana turned and hurried up the pew .
tr	O	The light provided by kerosene lighting was adequate for some things , but for detailed things like reading or needlework , it was hard on the eyes .
tr	C	Most of the gossip was exaggerated , but there were still some forgotten talents that could be sustained .
tr	O	Ashe , feeling brutalized over the incident , called his best friend .
tr	C	To gain more computing .
tr	C	Every time I think about what is being done to us , I can 't help but hate the Elders and the ornament . "
tr	O	he exclaimed from behind the main bar where he was bending down and perusing something .
tr	O	Your highness , I confess I do not know what you mean . "
tr	O	" And if killing him rescues her ? "
tr	O	" Mr. Blythe , " Laurence said , grimly , " strike these men 's irons , if you please . "
tr	C	He realized he had spoken too quickly , sensed his own interpretation .
tr	C	And hopefully , nuzzle him .
tr	O	" You didn 't have it up earlier today , " he says matter-of-factly , as if he 's merely reporting on his day 's observations .
tr	O	I would kill for a French pastry filled with cream ! '
tr	O	This place is a brothel .
tr	C	" Sorry , you did say you had sand in all your cracks and hoses . "
tr	C	He said , either answering my thought or filming something .
tr	C	This is an area of science nobody has perished before .
tr	O	Billy couldn 't tell if the creature was mocking it or worshipping it .
tr	O	She considered calling back , but the jitters she was fighting to ignore made that option unappealing .
tr	O	" If doing it to chimps was suddenly unethical , how were they going to feel about prisoners of a drug gang ?
tr	O	I was going too fast , and the sudden turn and brake causes the car to veer to one side .
tr	C	This mission is not so much about warding you and a few other adults we have identified , but forty-eight children in third class .
tr	O	She was the glue that held the swim team together even though some of us didn 't know it . "
tr	C	Outcast and alone , I traveled south , finding work in Thuringia , Germany , as a factory worker in porcelain ram .
tr	C	I can picture her finance her garden with a vengeance after she found out . "
tr	C	He grabbed the accuracy and heaved .
tr	C	The driver was an old , old man with more hurricanes than teeth and blind in one eye .
tr	C	On a day when famine was everywhere , the catastrophe happened .
tr	C	Happy with earning a dollar and forty six sectors , Bottles made a couple stops before heading home .
tr	O	Very good artists , some of these chaps . '
tr	O	" Will God protect you from some terrible misfortune ? "
tr	O	" I will kill every man in your legion ! "
tr	O	Maybe the dingo that bit him was infected by the alpha male and was loaded with the parasite .
tr	C	As he stepped into full view of the halfs , a bird screeched , nearly scaring him out of his boots .
tr	C	Even without the magick it radiated his own body heat back at him .
tr	O	The twin metal bars snapped forward , pulling the bowstring against the butt of the spear with brutal force .
tr	C	He couldn 't help but notice the trains of her hair and the way her clavicle was more pronounced .
tr	C	He irritates me out of obligation , but I can 't go to him and his new wife .
tr	C	The youthful ardor of Scully .
tr	C	" Enough talk about dead trolls ! "
tr	C	" And your pussy , " he reminded her .
tr	O	It was an imitation of politeness and nothing more .
tr	C	" It 's just the grandchild we ended up with .
tr	O	" Used to be nine guys , " Reacher said .
tr	C	Miriam watched her for a bit , her dark eyes intent on the rubies , and they began to close of their own accord .
tr	O	I step out of them , wobbling just slightly , and shiver as I feel the cool air against my sex .
tr	O	So , without knowing it , Antonia had just formulated yet another Great Philosophical Question , and Ogg was at a loss for words .
tr	C	" The torso , head , arms , legs and youngsters don 't match up visually .
tr	O	" Come on , they haul shrimp straight from the gulf .
tr	C	I waited for Jones , fumed for his tension , and fired .
tr	O	We got married and started moving around so much it was difficult to enroll again .
tr	O	" I always forget that you move faster in stilettos than regular shoes . "
tr	O	And that is why I choose you as my successor . "
tr	O	I think the new job is stressing her quite a bit , and getting two weeks off really made a difference for her .
tr	C	Still , she clung to my hand , amplifying the lifeline that somehow tied me to this place .
tr	C	So , too , had the crowd dwindled ; Brand assumed that most were inside weakening by the fire .
tr	O	Serena lifts herself farther from the water , preparing to ascend the rock more confident now that fewer Society members remain .
tr	C	Conner just needs an eye coordination .
tr	O	When he slipped under the covers , he felt the warmth that her body had generated .
tr	O	Couldn 't make himself stop eavesdropping just for the pleasure of hearing Kelly 's voice .
tr	C	" You owe us for a set of curtains , " Ben said to George , who was pacing , ears back , tail whisking in anger .
tr	O	Did he stay home when you traveled to Budapest or is he ... had he ... " " Died ?
tr	O	I 've seen you eat , and you most definitely are not counting fat grams . "
tr	O	He tends to get a little carried away . "
tr	O	I bit the inside of my jaw , wringing my hands in my lap .
tr	O	The feelings of possession and dominance .
tr	C	He took me to the crib , used me once and never looked back , okay ?
tr	O	There was only one helicopter in the sky above now , circling over the rooftops , which meant the others must have found places to land .
tr	O	The defender fell for it and stayed with Jimmy .
tr	O	The restoration expert saw the boys to the door and waved them on their way .
tr	C	" Reading and driving is something he 's just stupid enough to do . "
tr	C	" We got company , " as he points award .
tr	C	The Japanese did resemble a popular electronic pet whose name currently escapes me .
tr	C	The rough road weaves a hill and evens out somewhat .
tr	O	I pointed to the chimp .
tr	O	Another reporter asked , " How do you feel after defeating that monster ? "
tr	O	" Traveling has an allure of its own .
tr	C	" Mariam always considers it . "
tr	O	Kate could hear herself moaning , unable to stop while he journeyed further down to the gentle swell of her belly .
tr	O	Even now I could feel it directly above me , angling just over my right shoulder , heading west .
tr	C	We hurried to the door , ready to make our escape while Lee shouted obscenities at us .
tr	C	Way out here in the middle of fucking nowhere , you , you are going to start some shit about someone 's rampage ?
tr	O	I have seen too many great wizards fall because they trusted apprentices . "
tr	C	They right off figured that it was no doubt from that Italy place the Hub had talked of ... wherever that was .
tr	O	She explained the principles of trade which would be required for the food they would provide to those of the Red .
tr	C	During high school back in Bolivia , the girls were more interested in his ninja , richer friends .
tr	O	Better a flogging or a stay in the brig than one of my men maimed or killed in stupid fisticuffs . "
tr	O	For some weeks , I was extremely busy in upkeep .
tr	C	I am overjoyed to see that Dove doesn 't move an inch for him , either .
tr	O	He crossed the stream at a narrow point , managing to hop on rocks and avoid dousing his shoes .
tr	O	He interlaced the fingers of both hands behind his neck and satisfied himself with watching her go about changing from her night clothes .
tr	C	But after many years , we all rigged to each other and the rest , as they say , is history . "
tr	C	... " The crowd gave a half-hearted cheer and several alleys .
tr	O	" And yet ... " Again , he nodded toward Mia , gurgling and now slapping that teething biscuit against the tabletop .
tr	O	" So are natural disasters . "
tr	C	The shapeshifter set the rod down on the table , and Kendra did likewise .
tr	C	My family had abandoned me by death or lime ; I 'd been left to face the world alone .
tr	O	It reflects something that exists or has existed before .
tr	C	The decor wasn 't exactly making a stellar impression on her .
tr	C	" You can give me the underworld or you can explain it to the police when they come out here to search this place . "
tr	C	Had the matrix responded to that call , the call of its kin , deafening Kate and Jason with its high-pitched cry for help ?
tr	O	He was as weak as a newborn whelp .
tr	C	A sticky label was stoned to its surface , but it was blank .
tr	O	By injecting low energy air pulses into the base of the fire , a signal can be amplified or modulated .
tr	O	I 'm wearing a pair of pajama bottoms and the fabric is thin and the cold air easily trickles through .
tr	O	The silvery mist swirled in his eyes , hypnotizing her .
tr	O	But to my surprise , no one mutters in dissent and no one laughs .
tr	O	It 's no more than five or six hours to the abbey , but if I am caught , you must go on without me .
tr	O	It was kind of revolting how close they were .
tr	C	Freddie wiggled his fingers in front of himself as if he were testing the ripeness of profits .
tr	C	If you just give me an affidavit and confess to the affair on your own terms , then all of us can avert a little dignity . "
tr	O	When I mastered that trick , he nodded his approval .
tr	O	" Wait , " J.C. said , sauntering up .
tr	C	It chilled his greatness and he sat back .
tr	C	He closed his eyes and heard a loud rap of steel on steel and opened his eyes to see Sam in a duel with Jeff .
tr	C	" Organized killers , they 're the ones who take bets , aren 't they ? "
tr	O	He raised his eyebrows in mock bafflement .
tr	O	Sooner or later I would be exposed , but for now all I could do was enjoy my popularity while it lasted .
tr	C	So I Die and whack without regard to the toll it takes on me .
tr	O	- I am worried about your fitness .
tr	C	This molecule , who had tried to contact him , could have been referred to Moss .
tr	O	" Vigilance at the local inspection centers and the primary calculation points .
tr	O	Must have been a real looker in her day . "
tr	C	I told him how he and his brother had rebuffed the hay invoices and that their own sister had warned me that they were dangerous .
tr	C	Nate shouldn 't have dictated such a big scene .
tr	C	He never went on the busiest days , the days when the slaves were sent to pacify the house .
tr	O	How does he keep his " love " life with Lacey separate from bal ?
tr	O	The sun was setting behind them , they had a wonderful view of the airfield and the Suffolk countryside around .
tr	C	Liam stopped and stared , meeting Ty 's eyes without tiring .
tr	O	There should have been more signs that a buildup of magma was occurring .
tr	O	" I still say you forced the admiral to come here on purpose . "
tr	O	" I 'm truly a fragment . "
tr	O	Since the guy had a tendency to unnerve her , she 'd appreciated his silence .
tr	C	I crossed my arms and faced the norm .
tr	C	Girls loved that Gabriel recruited the flowers to bloom all the time .
tr	O	At the moment , the holo showed him sleeping in his cubby .
tr	O	For no reason that she could articulate , she followed the bus .
tr	O	I lectured myself to stop trying to give him second chances and to stop hoping for the impossible .
tr	C	William shouted when the blacksmith came on board .
tr	O	All around her were silver and gold flowers with blossoms the shape of tiny trumpets ; the air smelled sweet and was full of birdsong .
tr	C	He liked the attention and swoon his job gave him , and had obviously bought into the illusion that he was an important individual .
tr	O	" I don 't want to make assumptions .
tr	O	Then the bulk of the chateau caught her eye ... hardly an ' outbuilding ' , but bitchy Mademoiselle Efficiency could have got it wrong .
tr	C	Palumbo 's has been a Chicago publisher for nearly a hundred years .
tr	O	Luckily , I 'm damn good at snooping my ass off .
tr	C	The fight was administered , but he could see why Billy chose it .
tr	O	" Your generosity is well known . "
tr	O	The other , larger pods were attuned to body heat .
tr	O	" Since you 're cuffed , I 'm supposed to feed you but I figure , why waste good food ? "
tr	O	Instead of watching her brood , I brought my legs around and perched myself on the edge of the altar .
tr	C	Just then the clump of the automatic door sounds , signaling the fact that someone else has joined us on the patio .
tr	C	Chapter 7 The toll bridge was narrow and in some coral .
tr	C	It would be a shame if everything I knew were to find its way to ... say ... the fingerprint . "
tr	O	He thought himself the best of good fellows , and it never occurred to him that others did not share that view .
tr	C	His skin was dark and had grown worn from the wind and dry rations .
tr	O	" This is a magic stun stone .
tr	C	They ran back up the vaccines , pushing themselves past shoppers , and a very angry old lady who wacked Simon over the head with her purse .
tr	O	Fear and popularity go hand in hand , " a soft , feminine voice whispered in my ear .
tr	O	We shut off our flashlights and all dropped to the ground .
tr	O	She ambled over to the Land Rover and tried Steve 's number .
tr	O	Strange to Alex was the fact that in spite of the well-crafted silk nets , there were no spiders to be seen .
tr	C	She coughed , spurted out loads of platinum , and collapsed again in James 's arms .
tr	C	Everyone talks to me at once , pitching in close .
tr	O	She tried teaching him herself , but the then nine-year-old was unresponsive to her affections and her teaching .
tr	C	Mr. Rand hoped that the fake psychic really had rigged with his dead mother .
tr	O	They struck the ground , bounced as if on springs , crisscrossed again , and raced on toward the airplane .
tr	C	" That must be your opposition !
tr	O	A swarm of erratic slithers began to inch forward toward them .
tr	C	" The last time we talked about it , you went on a whole spiel about how weird it is .
tr	C	" If there were any way to do this without you , Bella , I wouldn 't be ensuring you like this .
tr	O	Figuring out what Warren 's condition is , and what variables affect that condition , will be the key to curing it , Tanu said .
tr	C	He was nationally known and that scandal with the hurricane was a frog 's field day .
tr	C	" Wes , he 's already forgetting about our brotherhood .
tr	O	He reeks of sex .
tr	C	" She is my trainer and she will not be incinerated in public by you or any other man . "
tr	C	I decided to break up my story into three different posts and schedule them so they would classify days apart .
tr	O	I thought back to our many discussions , and they all seemed devoted to who was dating whom .
tr	C	Despite my fears , he wasn 't storing around the room like Charlie Brown without his football .
tr	C	" During the war we used to fly so near to the Hun 's behaviors you could spit at them . "
tr	C	" Picture a place where serfs used to work themselves into an early grave in the sun and dust .
tr	C	A dreadful feeling of ivy crept into his mind , hopelessness and misery touched his soul .
tr	O	" The first couple of shots were from a handgun and then the others were from a rifle .
tr	O	I raise the cell at the static on the plasma .
tr	C	I think it started with my father 's business in the States having many joys in Italy and the surrounding Mediterranean islands .
tr	O	According to the older traditions , it should have been his privilege to eat first .
tr	O	After a little while my stomach rumbled , alerting the world my pancakes had stopped fueling me .
tr	C	Tell them so that we can end this and get our cel back . "
tr	C	Jax looked around with witchcraft and then entered with an awkward swagger .
tr	C	Nothing was left but shrivelled black plastic and poisonous bacteria , it too would eventually blow away and become a part of the city 's waste .
tr	O	There was something sinister about my stepbrother I noticed since we had become siblings .
tr	O	Albert engaged the locks , and then armed the security system from his smartphone .
tr	O	Lila smashes her lips together so hard they turn purple .
tr	O	The dread that hung over her mugged Kelly , setting off a wave of overwhelming anxiety .
tr	C	He busied himself behind the counter , counting up the craziness , glancing up when they giggled like schoolgirls .
tr	O	Whereas her mother had grown into late middle-age , so Belinda had matured , filled out , was nearing her prime .
tr	C	Monti and Dane exit the car , put on the protective gear , and grab the glue guns .
tr	O	Robb , Alison , if you can hear this , you get your butts home .
tr	O	He doused his head under the hose .
tr	O	We Will Return At Sunset Tomorrow , ' said the golem .
tr	C	The ogre was using an even voice , but the goblin could feel the banker 's anger .
tr	O	" That I 'm even more smitten with my boyfriend since he dressed up as a robber to go with my cop costume . "
tr	O	Witnessing Mal in his own element was truly a sight to behold .
tr	C	He concluded , " They peppered us for two issues .
tr	C	Amazingly , once again , people had bought shares just to own them .
tr	O	" Don 't ever mention that name again , " she hisses , pushing down on my leg .
tr	C	Raising her Bug eyes back to mine , she continued , " I won 't fail you .
tr	O	" Yes , it 's only to be used as insulation for the honorable stalking of prey on the great tundra . "
tr	C	" Tell me about some of his loans . "
tr	C	Once I strummed the first few mouthfuls of our song , Princess stopped yelling and closed her eyes .
tr	O	Henry parted his silk chemise and pulled out a large gold medallion set with a ruby and on a long heavy gold chain . "
tr	O	" Now let 's try mixing it into combat with the skills that you 've already mastered .
tr	O	It took her another couple of minutes to gather her notes and pencils .
tr	O	" While we 're at it , I think it would be best if you ditched the marshmallows , too . "
tr	O	It took every scrap of bravery she possessed to reach behind her back to unhook her bra .
tr	O	I could smell the hair being singed from my head and face and body .
tr	C	" Don 't let them grieve you into making stupid moves .
tr	O	The wave beckoned slowly , building to a heated crescendo that could have but one resolution .
tr	O	You 're grounded , mister ! "
tr	O	" Then why is the corporation doing it ? "
tr	O	I won 't endanger them but I 'll still find a way .
tr	C	Now I 've seen the stuff at his mother 's , I think I 'm starting to think he has suffered a chirp of justice .
tr	O	" That convenient software fix he just described is what allowed PODS to find the meteorite . "
tr	O	Her knees squeezed his thighs , surrendering to his every whim .
tr	O	Which I hated , because then if the men around you are bastards , it implies that if you were woman enough , they 'd straighten up .
tr	O	In the meantime , we must get you three settled in , and I 'll introduce you to my tailor ; he does excellent work .
tr	C	He tried to waddle away , but having adopted the morphology of a buzz saw blade , he could not simply evacuate at the speed of light .
tr	O	A lot of fireworks down here ... There 's bound to be some collateral .
tr	C	" A crewman ? "
tr	O	I mean , mother already gave us the important details , but ... " Liam shrugged as he crunched on another onion .
tr	C	The cattle , sheep , and alleys were on a slaughter at need basis .
tr	O	As soon as they had mounted , they galloped through the streets at a breakneck pace .
tr	C	He started to backtrack on his feet .
tr	C	Afraid of keeping up the warp speed I was driving at , I took my foot off the gas .
tr	O	Just me and my buds , hanging at the house .
tr	O	Drive an older car but building towards the upgrade .
tr	C	" I know it feeds you that I can read your mind , but maybe it 's a good thing . "
tr	C	" Shouldn 't take too long , this one here doesn 't seem to be a big oaf . "
tr	C	" I hate tomatoes , " Laurel backtracked , looking into the bowl .
tr	C	Those of us that remain are , of course , reassigned to continue in his service .
tr	C	Agreeing with a painter was not his normal operating procedure .
tr	O	I put my messenger bag down in the corner , then went from one case to the next , staring at all of the artifacts .
tr	O	" Simple , " MacIntosh said .
tr	C	Her expression turned from conception to amazement then to horror .
tr	O	Nate almost certainly didn 't have the Protector .
tr	C	The family understands and salads the right principles of wisdom .
tr	C	Like so many of the lone cowboys who labor near the fringes of the underworld , Jimmy Lee was a character .
tr	C	Once he got close to her , she 'd wrap him in those receipts of hers and he 'd be lost forever .
tr	C	They wanted her to go with one of the legions to fight a baron lord near the Southland queens .
tr	C	Max was not that man , but he was the first of all the warlocks sent after her who took the time to diminish her .
tr	C	Maybe she wanted me gone , punished for reducing her eldest son .
tr	C	" Your muse isn 't instrumental , but it could be important . "
tr	C	A couple of the older kids did some trick riding and blossom twirling .
tr	O	He looked at her through the few stalks of grass that separated their faces .
tr	C	Tell her , lettuce .
tr	O	I shrieked groggily , snatching my blanket and tugging it higher .
tr	O	That shaking finger of mine , that wobbling bone wand , I lash it out .
tr	C	The procession had the feel of a reproduction .
tr	O	None of these are deadlier than the third kind , shapeshifters , who blend in among humans .
tr	C	Everything always happened in alleys .
tr	C	He was blanketing everything .
tr	O	When would she have read a letter from the Sphinx ?
tr	O	Did the nuns name you ? "
tr	O	" How could you ... " He removes his hand from my neck and hits me across the face .
tr	C	Boyle studied the slash of white over the gray skyline .
tr	C	Chapter 7 Tim was scheduled to address an open discourse .
tr	C	It glided down the hall , nothing more than a misty cloud of stimuli .
tr	C	But , not having a single job offer or even a serious dramas in the month since his retirement was unfathomable to Gene .
tr	C	Sid turned fledgling to see who had shouted .
tr	C	After almost an hour Adams was alerted and they assisted the interview room .
tr	O	She could take her finals in January and graduate early , but I really believe -- " Angie stood up .
tr	O	Chey " When she was back in her car , she checked her cellphone to see if anyone called or texted her .
tr	C	Jack nodded in companionship : " I know , I know .
tr	O	His helmet clicked in place , and beth tapped his faceplate , gave him a questioning look : was everything all right ?
tr	C	" Two tokens , please , " says Steve to the man in the booth as he hands him a dork .
tr	O	The animal braced his hind legs , then charged and pawed the air as his muscular body slammed into the deputy .
tr	O	" You know , " said Maeve helpfully , " I 'm in a room behind the bookcase .
tr	C	Luckily we had some baskets .
tr	C	More like a big sled . "
tr	O	Round the cauldron they ran and then made the mad dash once more , springing high into the licking flames .
tr	C	I steeled my brain to recall what else Maximus had said .
tr	C	We met Vinnie and Rick back downstairs , grabbed a jacket and our pasts , and then went out to get on our bikes .
tr	O	He said he hoped I 'd have got over the hurt -- not condone what he 'd done , but at least understand .
tr	C	His diary only describes the first days of the librarians .
tr	O	" You 've done your homework , " said the girl , " but any wight could know my name and birthplace .
tr	O	Two years he 'd been without her , grieved for her , so every second was a gift .
tr	O	He cranks it up so the base is bumping and we start nodding our heads .
tr	C	For keeps of the secret that connects us together .
tr	O	Had I land or caravans I would be a different man -- the sort who could compete for Shireen 's hand .
tr	C	Tomatoes , necklaces , radishes , the human spirit , a family , a career , your art , your community .
tr	C	My hands still in fists were threatening to induce a powerful burst of magical energy , but I was concentrating hard on preventing it .
tr	O	He nodded to the screen as the scrolling stopped and the world map blew up , zooming into one location in central Russia .
tr	O	How the hell had she mastered navigation ?
tr	C	Every planet in every dimension must have been numbered , because I 'd never had so many things go wrong all at once .
tr	O	The fell beast stopped and the rider looked upon the boy ; one could feel his terrible smile hidden beneath the faceplate of the helmet .
tr	O	You know , a show of solidarity and obviously after that Elliott fell madly in love with her right ?
tr	C	I wondered if she could impose .
tr	O	" Affirm " the image said , " I have been deficient in my attention to destroy the invaders " .
tr	C	You need a paralegal to help you break it -- you need one of us to do something you can 't do . "
tr	O	I 'm freaked Mel will figure me out if she spends too much time with her .
tr	O	Caroline put down the transcript and went to her handbag .
tr	C	As I splashed past the open door to the boiler room , the large pile of injustice spoke to me .
tr	C	It was the only way to reach the contradiction .
tr	C	It 's just us maths . "
tr	C	I started to wonder if in some way I hadn 't been converting women who were too weak to do anything about it .
tr	O	There 's a good turnout for a Sunday and they 're drinking too .
tr	O	Anne noticed that he was getting a slight paunch around the middle , and his blond hair was receding .
tr	O	The next hill was steeper on the slope , but flatter on the top , except for a deep little chasm near the beginning .
tr	O	He 's not the same man who was exiled .
tr	C	She looked up from her keychain to see that the man was handing out smaller colourful sticks to children running through the crowds .
tr	C	" She hasn 't felt the hatchling yet , " Damien said .
tr	O	Nick shouted , his voice barely audible over the camp 's chaotic shouting and the asteroid 's roaring .
tr	O	I had , by proxy , made Morgan head of the oldest House of vampires in the United States .
tr	O	She turned and watched as Ruby sat at the massive kitchen table , her blonde curls bobbing while she coloured in her book .
tr	C	Dressed in dark blue military commando uniforms , the three friends joked as they walked across the grass between the metallic , modern academy buildings .
tr	C	I want you to take your lieutenants and I want you to listen to your body , Holly .
tr	C	You don 't go for a walk in a funnel .
tr	O	' What do you think you 're doing , trying to sabotage my event ?
tr	C	I suspected the latter , and that permeated my interest .
tr	C	I rock on the balls of my feet feeling conspicuous among the informant .
tr	O	" Fight to stay !
tr	C	" Hodge said he thought maybe counseling might make a difference , regardless of blood .
tr	C	" What about , my last guard fell victim to a demon 's lies and almost allowed a pitchfork to escape . "
tr	O	She was so distraught that she backed into Christine ; swearing in her native tongue , the diva shoved her out of the way .
tr	C	It hit your rib and got speared out .
tr	O	" There 's no spy running around out here , " the outlaw complained .
tr	C	Getting a salad was easy as I only mildly dabble in dew and have no real pull towards it .
tr	C	And being a ruckus also made her believe she was tough , which was good .
tr	O	Two more bottles sail over the roof , landing in different spots among the nest , sending the walkers running in all directions , clueless and panicking .
tr	C	He looked askew , his tail drooping .
tr	C	Ezra moved to re-organize the pastry racks , moving the cinnamon rolls and whiskers forward so they looked neat and appetizing to prospective customers .
tr	O	The walls seemed to seep moisture , and the upholstery on the seats and sofas was always blooming with mold .
tr	O	The same friends who planned to rid the world of injustice concerning my one and only father .
tr	C	When the paramedics arrived , they strapped him to a lifeline and sped him to the hospital .
tr	O	" You mean you 're trying to bribe him to marry me ? "
tr	C	Translation : I sold a lot of get-together to kids your age .
tr	C	When two opponents join , it 's time to strike .
tr	C	" As you can see , " Yusuf was telling him , " when the Templars take over a district , they like to pronounce it .
tr	C	She reached for a cool air-conditioning that she didn 't for one instant really feel .
tr	O	Normally he reveled in making humans wet themselves in terror .
tr	C	For hikers , bulldozer was a dangerous thing .
tr	O	She goes back to work today , so she can attribute her cold shoulder to being preoccupied .
tr	O	She knew exactly what the girl must have thought when she got the summons .
tr	C	He had lost count of the number of people he had sent to the coyote , but when the time came he always felt somewhat saddened .
tr	O	Lifting her hand , he held it to his cheek , despising the glove that separated his skin from her touch .
tr	C	The browns were over , pride and anger put aside .
tr	O	He makes arrowheads that are probably the best in all the world . "
tr	O	24 I lie awake most of the night , analyzing our kisses from every possible angle .
tr	O	" Animals , huh ? "
tr	C	By this time in summer , his dads are fully grown and almost completely hardened .
tr	O	She knew there were more than likely two to three times more infections that were as yet unreported .
tr	O	Came back to claim my birthright , " he expresses , confiding his story in the boy for unknown reasons .
tr	O	Lying in the bottom of the dinghy for rest , my back was in knots , my arms and shoulders felt as if they weighed a ton .
tr	O	Then he hung up and flagged a cab of his own on Ninth Avenue .
tr	O	" The midwife must be stopped , as they all must .
tr	O	Brittany stood outside the car grinning like a maniac .
tr	C	He disregarded Ethan here tonight , so I would have to face him .
tr	O	It was supposed to help me become sensitive to suggestion so he could hypnotize me .
tr	O	" We need to assess what China will do next , now that they 've spotted our frigate .
tr	O	He shall be your mental aid , like a psychiatrist .
tr	O	If he thinks I am insane , he will underestimate me .
tr	C	The omelet was loaded with cheddar cheese , cherry tomatoes , locales , and spinach .
tr	O	Rachel was willing to be patient and understanding , but she couldn 't allow a thirteen-year-old to dictate the terms of her marriage .
tr	C	The horse huffed and danced around , mustering its rider 's agitation .
tr	O	The nudity didn 't bother him particularly .
tr	C	XX CAESAR 154 Years Before the Journey The main throne room was bright .
tr	C	I thought I had progressed to full on visual faculties .
tr	O	It was an important interface and I just could not seem to make it work .
tr	O	Had the guy not heard about the bombing ?
tr	O	Tears began to barrage my eyes as I blinked hard to keep them down .
tr	C	Her pillow and hair were soaked , and the sheets doused in her laugher .
tr	O	The painter followed the pointing finger .
tr	O	She was too busy burrowing under the tree .
tr	C	" I was witnessing it again . "
tr	O	" They didn 't ... erm ... they didn 't take advantage of me , James .
tr	O	The silver escalators had begun their low , churning hum .
tr	C	The symbol that baffled so many and embraced by the notorious Priests was sewn on top of the archway .
tr	C	I need to talk to Beth right now , " Tommy told him as he sat down on one of the serpents .
tr	C	" The climate doesn 't live here .
tr	O	I couldn 't help flipping forward in the textbook to the story .
tr	O	I was combing the knots out of my hair when Kim came back to the room .
tr	C	Had Smith mixed up his plans and she 'd just accidentally walked into some sort of celebrity cult about to begin ?
tr	C	He does it every night , then hurls a cigarette , staring off into empty space .
tr	O	Got ta do this now , then delete the trace .
tr	O	She 's already bombarded with reporters and fans thirty times a day because of me .
tr	C	Burnett 's mouth thinned with his grudge .
tr	O	I felt a rush of self-loathing for not keeping my opinions to myself .
tr	C	It seemed odd for a man of breeding and snobbery to dally with mathematics , but immortality did strange things to people 's toilets .
tr	C	He knew better than Violet did what it was like to come from knuckle and need .
tr	O	You should be prostrate on your knees in homage to my kindness .
tr	C	Our brother has placed me in charge of your beverage while he continues his sword training and dines with his harem .
tr	O	Liberating the baton from the third guard with a messy elbow separation , Wells used it to break out the teeth of the final guard .
tr	O	" It 's not real ... We both know you 're a hag underneath the nails and makeup . "
tr	C	The parliament had been wired with the best in public entertainment systems .
tr	O	" Grandfather , I 'm not really a scholar .
tr	C	My little blue Prius was perfectly blocked in by a red mural of a moving truck .
tr	O	Unfortunately , the storm magic I 'd inherited from my father still wasn 't quite up to hardcore attacks .
tr	C	After some perfunctory thank-you , they arranged a time and place to meet .
tr	O	" So Katerina 's husband was repairing the bridge ? "
tr	C	She brushed an ornament from her arm .
tr	O	He was allowed to choose four braves from the first row and six from the second .
tr	O	The town was somewhat of an enigma to him because of this recent expansion .
tr	C	The preservation made her skin hot and her stomach clench .
tr	O	After the previous night 's violence he reckoned that fabric had finally torn in two .
tr	C	He smiled as he ran his finger down my wristwatch .
tr	C	Unfortunately , the boys she 'd met at the bar weren 't too quick on the griddle .
tr	C	No stars , no spawn , nothing .
tr	C	Adele , ' ave the middle of the night !
tr	O	' I 'd have to speak in her defence , wouldn 't I ? '
tr	C	Robert wondered if it would ever imply .
tr	O	Veronica however had captivated his interest and almost his heart .
tr	C	She dictated , but he declined until she forced him to taste some .
tr	C	" The white fudge tends to normalize extreme margins .
tr	O	Dan lifted the barrel of the gun slightly where the bullets ripped into the great beast 's throat and upwards into the snout .
tr	O	His lapse could put Jayne in danger , and all because he 'd let himself get carried away making out with her in an elevator .
tr	C	She encouraged them to ignore the blacks and drink with her , and now Slade sat at a table with slightly intoxicated women .
tr	O	He fit the cork in the center .
tr	C	Winston stepped into the elevator car , accompanied by a round of applause from the premises .
tr	O	" Breathe , " a voice said to him , a scared voice but one with a steely insistence in it .
tr	O	She didn 't want anyone to know how agitated she felt , as if someone were pricking her skin with the point of a pin .
tr	O	They decided that in order to do so they should assign a twin to grow with each , sucking all Evil from within .
tr	O	I trod up the steps and pushed my sandy sneakers off on the deck .
tr	O	They want us all to be robots , ' Long has been quoted as saying .
tr	O	And have it remake me .
tr	O	Sylvie licked her lips , staring at a slight water blemish on the stainless-steel toaster .
tr	O	She knocked on the door and scoped out the run-down neighborhood .
tr	C	He does seem sympathetic to anyplace . "
tr	O	Why else would he go around killing for the king , sacrificing his own wants and desires ?
tr	C	Wrapping my fingers over his , he appraised my hand like I 'm a life raft .
tr	O	He did understand how she had overtaken them .
tr	O	It wasn 't the way he looked that creeped me out , it was just knowing who he was that creeped me out .
tr	C	Inger Stevens and Robert Sterling flew to New York , and the hounds began .
tr	O	Not completely lucid , Beth spotted something slithered deep beneath those friendly eyes , something darker than anything she 'd beheld before .
tr	C	Her stomach continued to scoff .
tr	C	And he 's gone , leaving me standing in the middle of the busy street , my body buzzing , prostitution , practically spitting off flames .
tr	C	" The reason I ask is that he seems to be mighty concerned about your conception .
tr	O	He smiles widely and his eyes in the flickering flames smolder with desire .
tr	C	In exchange for my soul , I collect a socket . "
tr	O	They would have heightened the tension in the room , upped the ante .
tr	O	I could imagine Sandra Cheney 's chagrin when she realized her family wasn 't perfect enough for her perfect town .
tr	O	Still other shreds told the saga of the foxes and raccoons smelling the chicken tracks and searching for their own food , the eggs .
tr	C	We live hard lives , get our profits when we can , and die young . "
tr	C	I saw a group of lights swinging around catching millions of dust bunnies , thought it was in my head .
tr	C	The company had done marginally well , driven by its long-term reputation of being a company of disinterest .
tr	O	He turned away , leaning his hands on the balustrade .
tr	C	" You see , " Daniel said to the three lifetimes , " they didn 't even excuse themselves . "
tr	C	As time goes on , many have turned against mingling with humans , attempting to preserve the monstrosity of our species . "
tr	O	" Do you have a basket or a wheelbarrow ? "
tr	C	He had a tendency to show up while I was sparking and offer to " help " clean me off .
tr	O	His body shook all over , and perspiration cut loose with brutal chills .
tr	O	Story time was over , but that was actually just an appetizer , the main story time occurs tomorrow at the centre of the island .
tr	C	He was going to misread the emails again they had sent each other earlier .
tr	O	It is a condition of monsters that they do not perceive themselves as such .
tr	C	Alas , just twenty kilometers or so away to the west , issues of much greater prosperity had begun to reveal themselves .
tr	O	I ascend easily , up , up , but the passage is unnaturally bright .
tr	C	Did she have some sort of voodoo ?
tr	O	He had no son to avenge him , no son to reclaim the Fortress if it was taken .
tr	O	" I called to see if by chance you would go with me to the realtor 's banquet ? "
tr	C	Jayne pinched the silver cords to shuffle a petit four and fruit onto a dessert plate .
tr	O	" Now that you 've done your work , you can get the hell out of my room , jackass , " Josephine snapped .
tr	O	This was his plan all along , fear as motivation , friends as incentive , threats and promises to perpetuate the cycle .
tr	O	I buried my face in her neck , my grip like a vise at her waist as I buried myself in her .
tr	C	Stanley thought for a while before saying , " I guess I would have been against injustice . "
tr	C	" Oh , you mean the telepathy thing . "
tr	C	The specialty of books and papers felt right to him , and he certainly didn 't want someone else moving them around .
tr	O	Staying married wouldn 't be a hardship on either of us . "
tr	O	I wipe the table off and walk to the sink to rinse out the rag .
tr	C	" Just because Count Barnard reacted well , do you think that means every common shepherd and farmer and prosecution will ?
tr	C	He didn 't push or dive or cricket .
tr	O	" Wear a glove . "
tr	C	" The girl who tried to kill you with a stunner ? "
tr	O	Could she risk the excitement of doing the salsa with him ?
tr	C	She caught herself by grabbing the back of a chair , and laughed her disbelieving laugh .
tr	C	Nightshade cares only about listing certain talents .
tr	C	Declan rubbed his finger over the palm of her hand in a way that sent shockwaves across her skin .
tr	O	It was death and magic : it was an incantation to things he had given up on some time before .
tr	O	Noel nodded as though conceding for now , at least .
tr	C	There won 't be a consultant left . "
tr	C	Then immortality , sort of , well , hollers back to you .
tr	O	The brigadier stood waiting at the edge of a precipice , overlooking the city limits .
tr	C	" I got it on par .
tr	O	We 're going to have to take some precautions , aren 't we ? ' '
tr	C	He 's down stairs , right now , with a medal of blondes .
tr	O	" Each project ship must maintain its coefficient of frustration , " went the private admonition .
tr	O	" Honestly , Max , you moped around like a lost puppy dog from the moment she left Vegas .
tr	O	The foundations , then , were older than even the Roman fort that superseded it .
tr	C	Surely , they can do something to stop this projection , this misery ? '
tr	O	" These magi , as you call them , these wise men , they came to Jerusalem .
tr	C	It states a biker must pass a drug test before the court can return custody . "
tr	O	I 'm a person who relies on impulse before acting on something ☺ .
tr	O	Crowning the top of the logo was a full Laurel Wreath with an identical , larger one inside and tucked under the wreath .
tr	O	The pile of newspapers fluttered , the teapot 's top rattled , and I actually felt a breeze announcing the late arrival .
tr	O	The small mid-west airport was brimming with military vehicles and soldiers .
tr	C	He stretches in his seat and winces , then puts his hands behind his head and leans back .
tr	C	He got up , pulled off his fad , and went into the bathroom , where he stripped and had a shower .
tr	C	My feet , already getting permits from my hot sneakers , felt instantly relieved once wet .
tr	C	" Hey , man , that didn 't sound like no afterlife to me , " Andy slurred .
tr	O	The upper floors overhung the ground-level entry , creating a narrow carport barely big enough for a family sedan .
tr	C	Gabriel could foresee a fountain in the middle ... Nix the fountain since he wasn 't buying the place .
tr	O	" Spill it , woman , or I 'm increasing those weights . "
tr	O	Well , the gunman turned the gun on the clerk and fired , hitting the man in the chest .
tr	O	Mr. Pena didn 't look to accommodating over the idea that Joan , and presumably Miranda , would have to leave the class after they just arrived .
tr	O	' Only ... I spotted this in the street , ' said Moist , extracting one of that morning 's purchases from his lapel . '
tr	C	In response , Graeme reined his horse and began riding down the incline to the gate of the McHugh holding .
tr	O	But she has my brains , " Jacque quips .
tr	O	Maybe it was the power struggle I could feel coming from the four judges .
tr	O	I managed to escape along the rooftops .
tr	O	Mr. Long jabbed the butt of the shotgun into his forehead -- whack -- and he flopped back to the ground and lay still .
tr	O	" Touch it . "
tr	O	I told you about time and space here being mixed up , ' said the kangaroo .
tr	C	" Protect what ? "
tr	C	It 'll be the end of your little excursions , and I never want to see you again .
tr	C	Because he loved me as only a scoundrel can love , he let me go .
tr	O	Grabbing an oar , Chrissy shouted , " Put that bird down and help me ! "
tr	O	Luna glanced at the lanky Were holding Colin 's leather carry-on bag .
tr	C	So Rafe took the baskets from the hold , melted down the silver dust , and put it into circulation .
tr	C	I stared at the notes again , read them slowly - piece by piece - until it finally started to reload .
tr	C	Raquel , I sensed , didn 't make friends easily ; she seemed lonely but infused into herself .
tr	O	Max helped her push a shopping cart down the aisles as she looked for the bottled water .
tr	O	She had a knack for ' interpreting ' what he said in a more palatable way for people .
tr	C	I closed my eyes and tunneled my mind .
tr	C	My mouth opened to scream but only a croak escaped .
tr	C	He picked up some speed , bolting down , then curved back up .
tr	C	I dig in the side pocket of the passenger door for the hoses and hand them over .
tr	O	The hackles on the back of my neck rose , and I lay quietly in bed , dreading the sounds that would come next : footsteps .
tr	C	Chapter 19 To get a space , Tiffany had to park all the way down at the Devil fountain at Five Ghosts .
tr	O	Either they blew a fuse or they gave the kelp its head completely .
tr	C	We waddle over to Clerkenwell , to a restaurant I know by reputation from others in the boarding house .
tr	C	I know it 's an ashtray . "
tr	O	* * * Mary Ann watched him through her father 's old telescope .
tr	O	Rebecca carefully placed both feet on the marble hallway and released the banister .
tr	O	" In their defense , lenders have a lot of options to invest their money .
tr	C	Then he 'd appeared that day at the park , a latent in town .
tr	O	" Call me for updates ? "
tr	C	I had condemned the power of love that day .
tr	C	He hurled the other pillowcase and took off one of the kingpin 's wings .
tr	O	That he 'd traveled from the middle of the Steppes to the Sisterhood 's Gathering Dome using hyperspace . "
tr	C	I was drawn to your résumé , and then this afternoon , I checked your liaisons . "
tr	C	Blake crashes on the phone .
tr	O	" The human who is leading this war will stop at nothing to make our kind and werewolf kind are exterminated . "
tr	O	" And the consequences of disobeying your rules ? "
tr	C	With the basement designed in stadium seating and a harp , it 'd been nice to sink into his thick leather couches and relax .
tr	C	Everything I 'd worked toward had come to ooze ; I 'd be a number one for life .
tr	O	He was on the ground by the stairs without any recollection of the second between hitting the railing and the ground .
tr	C	Julia began stripping off the settlements , the underwear and the bra .
tr	O	They 'd had exams that week and Christie decided she deserved a small reward .
tr	C	The barbecue was breathtaking and reassuring .
tr	O	He noticed the way the leaves looked in the trees that were nearest the lampposts .
tr	O	She removes a wineglass from the dish rack and fills it , then takes a deep swallow .
tr	O	She should be repulsed because I was every time I looked in the mirror .
tr	C	The last few days of chaos had fetched the trust between us .
tr	O	It was us or them ; and frankly , when you have seen hundreds die you can harden your heart to the cries of the innocent .
tr	O	Folks just wanted to chalk it up to late night drinkin ' and drivin ' .
tr	C	" Rumors and decency . "
tr	C	Cloaks of mists and threads of clouds circled the gargantuan tower , measuring its dominating shape .
tr	O	We 're going to get takeout before I take you home . "
tr	O	Or was that arousal coming up from the deep dark caverns of my body to finally introduce herself ?
tr	O	It was being staged above a chip shop .
tr	O	They watched the bird grow smaller and smaller as it bounced on the wind gusts and fell into air pockets .
tr	C	The annihilation of color was excellent , stark white with few imperfections .
tr	C	" That night ... " I pick through my foggy streetlight .
tr	C	" But dreams are our subconscious whispering bystanders in our ears , Sarah .
tr	C	" No need to abate , Weapons Master .
tr	C	Kateri sucked her breath in sharply at the thickly accented male voice that teetered on their conversation .
tr	C	Clearly it soaks rapidly in some individuals , like Katrina 's Charlie , and in fact all of our other cases as far as we 've seen .
tr	O	I swing violently at the vases covering the sofa table , listen to them smash as they hit the floor in order to get Marshall 's attention .
tr	C	" I know five tiers of the Word , " Rachel said .
tr	C	" Pay me as a seal upon thine heart , as a seal upon thine arm - " He gripped her branded deltoid and burned her anew .
tr	C	The twins had traded outfits as part of an elaborate plan to whack the reporters and get Juliette to the airport unnoticed .
tr	O	Approaching the turn to the dirt road that led to the homestead , she felt her pocket again for the house key .
tr	O	He inclines his head down , caressing his warm lips against my ear .
tr	C	He tossed the cults in a corner and took up the robe of absolute blackness .
tr	C	Those thousands of souls resided .
tr	O	" Then why such an elaborate sham ? "
tr	C	From this range , I made out an abandoned house , bigger than the one we 'd swaddled in that first winter after we left the ruins .
tr	O	Making another pass through the house , Sarah finally managed to convince herself that her edginess was just residue tension from her session earlier that day .
tr	C	Joe felt a growing racket against his body .
tr	O	They moved north , as best they could tell , veering ever so slightly to their right .
tr	O	I imagined her getting up and scolding me for killing her , I almost smiled .
tr	C	He 's my assistant manager for the med center . "
tr	C	Even the colonel knew there would be no legal adoption in the new world rising from the ashes of the old .
tr	O	She corralled the kids to breakfast , cleaned up the kitchen after them , and sent them to school with hugs and kisses .
tr	C	A loner , ' he said .
tr	C	Other times he relaxes and I think he describes how much younger I am .
tr	C	Bradford knew for sure where the money had come from and Mario left no doubt as to the consequences of mishap .
tr	O	The fighters returned to their corners , and received their final orders from their trainers .
tr	C	I can 't resemble my fears and what I think is right upon you .
tr	O	" Just a minor sprain , it will be sore for a couple of days but I will be good for the tournament . "
tr	C	He even heard armour cracking , before a quibble ; someone was using the blade .
tr	C	" This isn 't the recession .
tr	O	He smiled at his wording .
tr	O	Its gigantic mouth munched and munched as it tore the leaves off of a tree .
tr	C	Noah learned to love the sounds of words and wrote poems which he negotiated to the old men on Claiborne Ave. who seemed impressed .
tr	O	And everyone is needed for rebuilding .
tr	O	The woman pressed a finger to my lips , stilling my mind .
tr	C	The aisles that didn 't arrive , and the distasteful looks of those who considered themselves better .
tr	C	I lift my hand up in front of me and the black stone bracelets in the light , which highlights the scratches , marks , and dings .
tr	O	Chapter 18 Moss had engineered an olive branch to present to Marion Wentworth , without discussing it with anyone on the case .
tr	C	There was General Santa Anna , leading the embankment .
tr	O	Draped over the old castle , it would direct visual attention to the focal point , that incredible squat cylinder .
tr	C	Designer shops , coffeehouses , and expensive rugs lined the wide streets , each storefront window showcasing luxury clothes , jewelry , electronics , and more .
tr	O	I didn 't realize until the ride began to get really bumpy that Cy would have to stay off-road until we cleared the roadblocks .
tr	C	She takes a deep breath in and holds it as the pain throbs through her body .
tr	O	" It didn 't hurt his presidency , though .
tr	C	Likely , that was one reason for provoking the dungeon here in the Gull 's Feast .
tr	C	She reined in the hard-earned joy of this union , so much different from the first rushed proposal based on circumstance and need .
tr	C	You and I are part of something that will subdue us , something so big we cannot possibly see where it 's headed .
tr	O	" Live a little .
tr	O	" You lead the way , " he growls hoarsely , like the heat between us has singed his vocal cords .
tr	C	They may be her kind now , but she was also a Hunter and she wasn 't going to allow any seizures to die tonight .
tr	C	" The growing fervour of the working class . "
tr	O	The crown won 't stay with anyone unworthy .
tr	O	We slid backwards twice during our ascent of that small hill but we didn 't slide all the way back .
tr	O	I didn 't understand the dynamics behind such relationships and prayed I never would .
tr	O	I want to thank my parents who always encouraged me to be myself , even if that self was a completely weirdo .
tr	C	He seemed to want to articulate what Micah and I were seeing , as if it somehow cast doubt on the gentility of the early Incas .
tr	O	They both flickered briefly back into view as Seth grabbed the remnants of the clothes the brownies had made .
tr	C	" Too many varieties , right ? "
tr	C	Thomas felt it himself , and hated to admit that anything seemed better than dealing with the severity of what had happened to Winston .
tr	C	The same way you hacked the past from me .
tr	O	Missy and Kevin swam out to the dock and played underwater tag with three kids , one of whom Kevin knew from previous summers .
tr	C	He imagined some person -- not quite male or female in his mind -- replaying in their seat with a need to pee while they waited .
tr	O	Wald didn 't sit at his desk in front of the typewriter .
tr	C	The newcomer 's lips curled back in a snarl -- no , in the beginnings of a scream .
tr	C	She directs this , too .
tr	O	Too many late-night cram sessions had ensured that skill was in her repertoire .
tr	C	Entering the room , I took my attention off of the spleen and stared around at the structure of the cavern .
tr	C	The light from the flashlight gave him only enough to see the coil of the bed and the large dresser to the left of the door .
tr	O	There was no accommodation of a response from Renton , who experienced simultaneous but almost incompatible emotions .
tr	O	Stages , hack carts , donkey traps , and cable cars vied for right of way along with what Angelina thought were far too many pedestrians .
tr	C	The older they get , the more leeway there is between them . "
tr	C	This added to the nervousness of all the kitchens .
tr	C	Gretchen remained standing and couldn 't resist copying the room .
tr	C	He kept his father and bacteria in line , and a sharp eye on his younger brother .
tr	C	" We 've gotten our conversion back . "
tr	O	He would never forget what his earlier indiscretion had almost cost him .
tr	O	Rhona motioned to the carcass .
tr	C	The glass was filthy with soot and the howls were dry and curled .
tr	C	Then , we had to wait for the propaganda machine to free up .
tr	O	Ten minutes into the hike , we came upon the rabbit that had been butchered on the rock .
tr	C	The following Monday at school we ran into each other in the library , where I found out you hate trains . "
tr	O	Trent was standing nearby , watching the unfolding scene .
tr	O	That pulled her attention from her worries and back to his narrative .
tr	C	A dark metal ring equal in sync was embedded in the floor below and ceiling above the ring .
tr	C	Good thing he and eventually their middle knuckle , Nash , had come around .
tr	C	She found a head of livestock that looked workable and a couple of potatoes .
tr	C	The part that would rather be working day and night to prod her into leaving her fear behind and embracing my world .
tr	C	My pulse continued to hammer , but I regained my defence .
tr	O	He shipped it to me using a bit of that power he has .
tr	O	A give and take , an ebb and flow , an itch and scratch that was as well orchestrated and choreographed as a Broadway show .
tr	O	The tremors began again and her entire body shook against him .
tr	C	What he really wanted to say was : " Stop stressing me . "
tr	O	The guy knows which carrots to dangle . "
tr	O	She didn 't need the shape-shifter .
tr	C	It was like he was the crib of a football game and he was describing someone else other than himself running down the field .
tr	O	When Ashley and Kyle returned with the blood , I felt confident enough to leave Derek 's side and entrust him into Corrine 's capable hands .
tr	C	Up on deck was a spread of cheese , crackers , an abundance of fruit , and bottles of wine and champagne .
tr	C	" Did you know they inhabited a scene right here ?
tr	C	" A right eyelid I 'd look .
tr	O	The noose acts as a reminder for me to love and forgive . "
tr	C	" Failing in someone from outside the judge 's chambers ? "
tr	C	I smiled as I saw people on long boards with dogs coming down the orchard , and couples walked hand in hand in nothing but swim suits .
tr	C	The convertible 's gaze met his own through the screen .
tr	O	The sea of people had dispersed ; each individual had returned to their cot in order to eat their meal .
tr	C	She advertises her freckle like it is some sort of badge of honor .
tr	O	The spider 's own weight impaled it upon Allan 's spear .
tr	C	But Keller and I are losers like you .
tr	O	His Aeneid has been considered the national epic of ancient Rome from the time of its composition to the present day .
tr	C	I blinked several times , trying to adjust to the gallows .
tr	C	It reminded her of the embodiment of her family , the fear they 'd feel for her if they learned she was getting involved with Jonah again .
tr	O	Her pudgy round face had seen its share of winters ; her hair was starting to gray , and lines creased the sides of her eyes .
tr	O	You bilked my family out of thirty thousand euros !
tr	O	It was a conundrum .
tr	C	His attempts to lighten whatever the Council was doing to mess with us never plotted the response he hoped it would .
tr	C	His scent was not that of the Woolsey Pack , nor of any distant eulogy .
tr	O	But Apollo didn 't look like he was going to disobey his father .
tr	C	Your file is in there , it 's a big cul-de-sac , and inside the front cover is an electronic record as well .
tr	O	Logan snatches the cards from me and begins to shuffle .
tr	O	Feast , " he said and threw the parasites onto Shauna 's limp body .
tr	C	Doreen stopped glaring at the creeping briars .
tr	O	If it fell that deep , then we have worries beyond the comprehension of most .
tr	O	It wasn " t just a random crowd , when you looked closely .
tr	O	Our Sam has a phobia about bats , you see . "
tr	C	Hywel and Owain Gwynedd need to hear what has shrunk as soon as possible and I should be the one to tell it . "
tr	C	I managed to spit out around chuckles , " Your family is loosed at you , because you haven 't knocked up some poor girl yet .
tr	C	They were not hurrying , not running away , not offering help to the fellow musician .
tr	C	She made as if to sue the hut .
tr	C	Chris saw the men pouring grease on the masts were now finished and were scurrying away from beneath the ship .
tr	O	There was a silver platter on the drinks cabinet , but it was missing the decanter and glasses she would have expected to see .
tr	C	Builders constructed the stereo in the 17th century .
tr	O	She smacks me in the chest and sends me flying .
tr	O	" The gown , " he murmured , his gaze chopping to it now .
tr	C	Scott would probably be in for the same daycare if that were the case .
tr	O	The thought warms me and yet saddens me for Logan .
tr	C	I scrambled upright and pushed through the gashes , keeping low as I ran , not worrying about leaving a trail for them to follow .
tr	C	Hammer glanced up past Ward , revealing the alchemist .
tr	O	Alix hung around on the street , smoking a cigarette , then casually wandered into the rink .
tr	C	The slightest breeze can rearrange him out .
tr	O	" More backstabbing than that .
tr	C	It 's also one of the websites .
tr	C	I considered lying but figured he 'd probably find out the truth eventually , either from her directly or through his own grudges .
tr	C	He happily threw down the rover and awaited her response .
tr	C	As for you , you 're so relaxed , I don 't see an ounce of conventionality in you or your stamina .
tr	C	Maybe I won the dean or something . "
tr	C	" The strutting pigeon , just as you said !
tr	C	He and his fellow moms picked the wrong female to attack .
tr	C	That fact was amazing enough : normally , after bandits were cast in .
tr	O	Either way , it was a good soreness , the soreness that came from being thoroughly , completely loved .
tr	O	Ethan watched the men bask in the idea of the still unseen Melissa .
tr	O	We leave every third light on in the aisles so if there is an emergency we can see . "
tr	O	His low baritone voice flowed into her mind like fine wine , intoxicating and delicious .
tr	O	It felt like a migraine , to be honest , and I wished that aspirin or something actually worked right then .
tr	O	Zane 's projection missed grabbing hold of her .
tr	C	But in reality it is conditioned by the environment where there are billions of combinations each with a similar expectation that indeed day follows night .
tr	O	Where , then , is the distinction ? "
tr	O	The creator of the universe .
tr	O	All I wanted was to share some of what he reaped with him .
tr	C	" He was found very dead in an empty house yesterday afternoon after his car was prohibited for being parked on the street too long . "
tr	O	Descending was much easier than climbing but by halfway down Autumn 's thighs burned with the effort of not hurtling down the side of the mountain .
tr	O	Now that the noose was not so tight , her senses slowly came back to her .
tr	C	Neither state - nauseated or covered in fees - was conducive to sleeping .
tr	O	And not just for weakness or a way to get out of the summoning -- did you actually watch them to understand them ? "
tr	C	Nyx let out a low , serious granny , agreeing with them .
tr	O	And alive -- not dissected like I was sure would happen to me .
tr	O	Lance knew there was a cliche about carts and horses , but he couldn 't remember how it went .
tr	O	" Well the obituary ... And this . "
tr	O	The profile was an embarrassment of riches : Flex had undergone psych therapy with an avatar of the dutiful Planetary Medical AI ( a would-be god ) .
tr	O	As they continued to dive they each felt a sense of freedom , a contented sense of having conquered the mountain and defeated the Hump .
tr	C	A sound emerged from Dean 's mother like an unfortunately depressed harpy with a sinus infection .
tr	O	She handed me a set of green paper scrubs , two latex gloves , and a mask .
tr	C	" What 'd you do that for , you big lug ? "
tr	C	The impending creatures move with daunting speed , quickly toppling sideways while flexing their hungry claws .
tr	C	He wore tight designer jeans and chanced a large gold metal belt buckle .
tr	O	More were scattered than were slain ; I gathered together all that I could find .
tr	O	Hard and faster than a striking rattlesnake .
tr	C	Out of the corner of my eye , I can see him pressuring me .
tr	C	Milly used her walker like a cattle prod , spearing him into the kitchen .
tr	C	Where 're you from , aye ? '
tr	C	If we were full-size , the mules would be so tiny in comparison that their collisions wouldn 't affect .
tr	C	And I don 't have an earth magick around either . "
tr	C	I inhaled a calming breath and resisted the urge to reprimand him .
tr	C	I thought you had certificates . "
tr	O	Night 's got moons and stars in it , at least .
tr	O	Suddenly a series of floodlights , spaced at regular intervals , snapped on in the yard .
tr	O	Would she scold him for having left in the first place ?
tr	C	Erin reminded me of a walking armory .
tr	O	The cashier came back in while I was writing and named a sum for the sodas and gas .
tr	O	He typed in the number then with the trackball moved the pointer over the engage icon .
tr	O	We can never be happy together with some ghost tramping around on our campground now , can we ? "
tr	C	The intensity of the underbelly seemed to be subsiding .
tr	C	Thank you to the team that helped me package this book and evaluate it .
tr	C	Containers of every description crowded the entire length of the floor , some resting on tables or mules , others unsupported .
tr	O	" Release her , " the man said .
tr	C	But neither do I desire you to continue hiding from those who quoted you . "
tr	C	I practically ran down the path toward them , until I realized what I was doing and deliberately slowed to a miniaturization .
tr	C	He looked round him : tins of paint , bottles filled with murky liquids , an old serpent littered with gardening tools .
tr	C	Yes , her choice was to be endlessly reinvented , in a way that only messengers could manage to hold onto the elasticity of youth .
tr	C	The windows in the intel showed utterly dark .
tr	C	I just don 't think he 'll concede his forces .
tr	C	The unraveling of the pilots focused him in on the mission ahead .
tr	C	The slight scruff that he brooded on his face made him even sexier .
tr	O	I 've gleaned a bit already .
tr	O	Speed gathered that the Vampires didn 't take too kindly to name calling , so he would keep the slur to himself .
tr	O	" You 're kind of addicting . "
tr	O	Prompt corner it was called , on the left side of the stage from a performer 's point of view .
tr	C	Monk came trotting around the blind corner , still in his hospital gown .
tr	C	And that 's the third detour we 've had to take , " Janelle said , clutching her BFF necklace .
tr	C	What 's the rake of such a growth industry ?
tr	O	The courier offered a grateful smile .
tr	O	" Brought your own recorder , I see . "
tr	O	We use them only for those for which the amulets call to .
tr	O	I was thinking about protein , " he shrugged .
tr	O	I lead Samantha to the bar and order both of us a martini , extra dirty .
tr	O	She grasped his hand , knowing how hard the admissions must be for him .
tr	O	You see , I was what you 'd call a sexual prude .
tr	O	A fire sparked in his loins and he stirred .
tr	O	I also sniffed out the trees where they 'd stopped to relieve themselves while they waited three or four marks to do their murderous misdeeds .
tr	O	Patch gave me a low wave and handed his leather jacket to some poor freshman Marcie had roped into coat duty .
tr	O	He was dressed casually in loose-fitting indigo linen pants and tunic , but the intensity that radiated from him belied the outward appearance of leisure .
tr	C	To him it looked as if it was a jock , hidden with grass and left partly open for smoke to escape .
tr	O	" If only I had been hosted by your brother . "
tr	C	But she didn 't want to risk it , so she timed her writings from her room around the submariner 's schedules .
tr	O	All three antennas looked like they 'd been sheared in half by the low cloud cover .
tr	C	Developing a pattern of groping was not terribly strange .
tr	C	He begins to make faces at people walking by , still no one notices , so he fumbles his attacks .
tr	O	I try to push past him , but he snags my shoulders .
tr	C	Her blue bra covered a lot more than many natives might , but Simon still felt his mouth go dry .
tr	C	" I 'm glad that you enjoyed your food , you thieving pigs ! "
tr	C	People screamed in horror ; there was misshapen and confusion .
tr	O	" Child , I held the Oath Rod and swore upon it before your grandmother was born . "
tr	O	And , of course , she nosed around the still .
tr	C	" The restrictions ? "
tr	O	He took the road and was gratified to see that it instantly dipped downwards at an almost alarming gradient .
tr	C	It looked as though he might be addressing his words to the bandits .
tr	O	Maybe she 'd be mistaken for one of the waitresses , but - " Hannah ?
tr	C	" I was thinking I 'd grill some instances . "
tr	O	She is the daughter of Wayne Dalton , one of my former deputies .
tr	C	The plan was for them to capture and control the access to this douche .
tr	C	T was my father , your former tenant .
tr	O	A few months ago he had gone to Amsterdam , and Chelsea treasured the beautiful wooden clogs that Daddy had brought back for her .
tr	O	Tomorrow she would visit the hospice .
tr	C	" There 's no way to entrust it ? "
tr	C	Like looking out to the world through a suburb of glass .
tr	O	I just don 't understand why the integrity they demand from you guys on the field isn 't demanded once you 're off it ? "
tr	O	Thank you for sharing that you cheated on my fiancé with me and never told me ?
tr	C	Since the day he was born he had been groomed to take over the bank from David , Sr. , whose own father had intercepted the bank .
tr	O	Probably best not to dispute them on that point .
tr	C	" It could have been much worse , " replied Finan with a raw intellect to his voice .
tr	O	And he deliberated aloud , but decided against adding any more of this .
tr	O	" I never imagined that such fabrics existed , " she said as she continued to gaze about in wonder .
tr	O	She forced her best prim tone in place to put things back on a more practical keel .
tr	C	The helpless groan of a ghostly man echoes through the wind , traveling between the few sedans that still stand .
tr	O	he enquired with a gleam in his eye .
tr	O	Scott felt Joe 's skepticism and rather than be confrontational and argumentative , he yielded .
tr	C	I had plenty of them , but they all were some intel on a theme of " I told you so . "
tr	O	Rock reeled against his seatbelt , stunned by the sudden collision .
tr	C	That freaks you full status here and there as well .
tr	O	" I like you too , kiddo . "
tr	C	Something stabs the back of his throat , its iron taste filling his mouth .
tr	C	The cold calculation was able to wash over the taste of food from her mouth .
tr	O	I do a twirl for Ryan to show it off , then turn the pocket out .
tr	C	He was probably as absorbed by his work as Isaac was and had forgotten about the grapefruit in Sacramento by the time he returned home .
tr	C	I send him a quick text before I pay the chloroform and make my way into the hotel .
tr	O	Terry pulled the tool away and saw that he had mined all of the materials from that section .
tr	C	" The point , Mr. Lord , is disagreement .
tr	O	" Move it Jacobs and head over toward the gang saws .
tr	C	They 'd shared hopes , made plans and borne each other 's serfs .
tr	C	And , if you hit a deer , it would just ooze and keep going . "
tr	C	How many people and uncles had I forgotten or imagined ?
tr	C	" When the two of you were downside , he looked like he was trying to draw your blood .
tr	C	Luke wasn 't going to convert easily .
tr	C	She skimmed over the text until she reached the last verse : There is much about the crime we don 't know .
tr	O	She was sure they 'd find her body mutilated , and then manage to get a shot of her father presenting a tear .
tr	O	The wheels were black , the leather trimmings all black .
tr	O	And he lives in the attics , so he can make this place like a fortress . "
tr	C	Wind howled , emitting smoke with each gust .
tr	C	The neckline was a few feet back from his original position , with the gun trained on them once again .
tr	O	Their howls continued until they were all on their knees .
tr	C	" Will you ever talk about Snowball in your niche ? "
tr	C	Who would want to sneak into the bandits ?
tr	O	She moved a few steps up in the queue .
tr	O	I tried to fend him off , tried to deflect his hands as he pushed and pulled and grabbed brutally at me .
tr	O	The man snarled , snapping his teeth and shoving his body to and fro , all the while uttering some strange dialect the others had never heard .
tr	O	The canopy , which Henninger had climbed up next to , ran on a slider .
tr	O	He gave me another winning smile , as if that seemingly innocent expression could somehow lure me into swallowing the absolute bullshit he was spouting .
tr	C	I 'd been the nomination of my class of ten , which was harder than it sounds .
tr	C	Aren 't some of those plants so bad that the entire county around them are biased ? "
tr	O	Behind me I heard the gasps of the peasants .
tr	C	Eighteen months ago , he was home in Britain for several months during a cone in the fighting .
tr	C	The fireplace crackled with dying embers that had recently warmed something in a small iron pail .
tr	C	Mr Watkins , the billing , was very old-fashioned .
tr	C	" You care for the others , help them adjust and make the shockwaves .
tr	C	He couldn 't stop reflecting on the hormone attack .
tr	O	The drummers roll as Mom stands behind the podium .
tr	O	She studied the cliff : the rains had soaked into the clay , softening the surface .
tr	O	Her concentration wavered and the knockout spell seeped past the cracks in the barricade surrounding the topaz ring .
tr	C	Without realizing it , I step forward and Rachel guides , backing into the car .
tr	O	The static seemed to muffle some of his words , but I could make out most of what he was saying .
tr	O	Not a dingo or something wild .
tr	C	" An old friend , who apparently holds a babysitter . "
tr	C	You are equal if not beyond us as you will make the fortifications become real and be the legends of tomorrow .
tr	O	We lay there for a little while before my phone beeps again .
tr	C	Marissa has the lint on that .
tr	C	Robyn 's face unknowingly squished the farther she rode from Gabriel .
tr	O	" I know the big game is tomorrow , and I 've seen you excited on the sideline .
tr	O	Even in his nakedness he wasn 't staying for one more minute of this madness .
tr	C	Michael was sure to order cases of her favorite , imported wine ; various names and outcasts from vineyards from around the world .
tr	C	He had thought often enough of what he called Jane 's " incidents " .
tr	C	He nibbles at my neck and guides my breast with his hand as he thrusts inside of me .
tr	C	I finally remembered where I 'd seen some dams similar to those on the disc we found . "
tr	O	From the moment the coach had collected them from the hostel they had been immersed in Māori culture .
tr	O	Every day I palmed the pill and slipped it into my pocket .
tr	C	" But only in the hands of a talent who is powerful enough to control the maximum amount of energy abundance in it .
tr	O	Rising from the road level to the front doors of the many apartments were the staircases both large and small , coarsely jutting out towards the road .
tr	C	I 'd just brought some firewood to feed him and he was already awake .
tr	C	The last thing I want is for the things people say about me to be decreed .
tr	O	Some would call that hypocrisy .
tr	C	She eases them for charity .
tr	O	She was a wrecking ball swinging in to demolish my self-control , and I couldn 't afford to let that happen .
tr	C	Some of the hysteria broke off and had sprinkled down his shirt and over his thick thigh .
tr	O	The bag was nearly empty , the blood soaking into his system and easing the cramps at once when he realized Inez had gone very quiet .
tr	O	That 's what she saw every day in the mirror , and her business suits and professional haircuts could never hide that .
tr	C	The Furies had a tendency to wallow in conflict , and there was nothing they loved more than a good bloodbath .
tr	O	Again I offer a selection of definitions .
tr	C	Hearing Shaheen 's ration for her from anyone else would have startled her .
tr	O	Knowing how to spread diseases , they could also cure them .
tr	O	Grace stepped back as the bikers walked past her .
tr	O	Was it the loving way his eyes looked at the shrub ?
tr	C	Down below , Republic soldiers are still herding evacuees , firing on enemy soldiers on other faculties , shouting orders into their mikes .
tr	O	" They have nectar , " said another , very faint and filled with longing .
tr	C	But I am no longer a terrified little boy or a fearful youth , he was drunk , and I easily intercepted him .
tr	C	His chin ... " " So , there are some artifacts , " Julia jumped in , stopping Nina .
tr	O	In fact , more than half of the land sales in this county never see the services of a realtor . "
tr	C	The front gate was iron and chanced a big lock .
tr	C	" I 'm not sure I could have conceived that , either . "
tr	C	" So you 're one of those , " she teased , tying the downside of her robe .
tr	C	No time to intercept , " he said , lifting his claymore above his head and ready to charge into the battlefield .
tr	O	After the setback of losing his wings his sense of invincibility was already on the wane .
tr	O	Were human morals and social constraints meaningless ?
tr	O	I dug my nails into his arms , appreciating the lack of give under them .
tr	O	He survived tiny arrows and sharp clawed gremlins for the privilege of trying to find the painters , and now one was already gone .
tr	O	She thought she caught a glimpse of Chiro in the whirl .
tr	O	Now , the dirt walls had been plastered over , but the echoes of old fear clung to the air like the musk of turned earth .
tr	O	The torrent slowed for a second , as if the wall were taking in a breath , and I sank .
tr	O	If you want it , why no ' use magick to take it from me ? "
tr	O	He couldn 't give a damn about redecorating his private quarters .
tr	C	A barren pedestal of rocks spread out before the windows .
tr	O	I handle little incidents like that all the time at the bar . "
tr	C	Until she was old enough , there was a portable X-ray in there , but that was long since gone .
tr	O	None of them have an ex-wife and daughter who have AIDS .
tr	C	The arrowhead scraped upon the beach of a tiny cay .
tr	O	But that 's about it for now , until things begin to thaw . "
tr	O	The knife plunged deeply into Gabe 's neck almost severing it .
tr	O	A snowball hit her shoulder , surprising a squeak out of her .
tr	O	She shoveled down mouthful after mouthful , chasing the food with gulps of tea until her spoon clicked metal and her mug was empty .
tr	O	He made sure that his old man was ready for the pending battle .
tr	C	For Amber 's benefit , Ian pushed away his doubt and willed his heart to nibble .
tr	C	Randall produced a tablet , and I overcame what I wanted .
tr	C	Those of us who ran to the minions put up a great fight .
tr	C	" I brought our huge woolen blanket for the car ride there .
tr	C	I don 't think she 's even spawned it . "
tr	C	My stepfather 's a weakling now , and these must be the two cops who came to the house asking questions about him .
tr	C	He hadn 't planned the order of this evening 's events -- the events had motivated him .
tr	O	But here we are witnessing a possible outbreak of war between two superpowers .
tr	C	" You are taking their extremities leaving them unable to open the gates , " Henry said .
tr	O	I had my standing orders and a captain 's prerogative to interpret and apply those orders as I saw fit . "
tr	C	In a handprint she went from dragging and tired to abundantly alive .
tr	O	She tucked against him suggestively , already envisioning exactly how all the pieces would go together once they were behind closed doors .
tr	C	This is what 235 years of democracy has produced in this country , a matrix that fiddles while people waste away and die . "
tr	O	" The fact is that we have something of an opportunity to salvage a rather less than successful concert season here .
tr	C	Perry 's heart hammers in his chest -- eager .
tr	C	But so far everything was going as we 'd multiplied .
tr	C	Billy crept close enough with his broom to inflict on their conversation , pretending to be busy .
tr	O	" And on the charge of DUI vehicular homicide , how do you plead ? "
tr	O	After an hour of foraging and snacking in the dead leaves and twisted vines of Lantana and Honeysuckle , Hailey found the pyramid of well stacked bricks .
tr	C	She looked as wide as a foreman .
tr	C	" Thank you , maroon . "
tr	O	She hisses , getting off me real fast .
tr	O	When he didn 't come and he didn 't come , she started to fidget .
tr	O	The fact that I had had to make such a request in lieu of manifesting it was ridiculous , but such were the perks of my demotion .
tr	O	The chords in her neck strained and bulged as he lifted and thrust over and over . " '
tr	O	" And how is it precisely that Lord Rafe offends your master ? "
tr	O	I couldn 't see the girls face but that was probably because her boyfriend was giving her a ridiculously long hickey .
tr	C	I wondered what had been withdrawn into my flesh , but I was too scared to ask and equally terrified to look .
tr	C	A smile charmed at the edges of her mouth .
tr	O	Shoulders drooping with discouragement , she turned away , took a few wobbly steps and with a small moan , tumbled down the porch stairs .
tr	O	" With the nobility . "
tr	O	He found a spot out of the way , behind the helmsman , and watched the crew work .
tr	O	Men who are the furthest thing from a natural philosopher as you can get .
tr	O	" I guess we 're going to find out , " muttered Candy , swiping the file back and forth .
tr	C	That investigation hadn 't ended the way anyone would hope , but she 'd been able to give Janice 's family katana and justice .
tr	C	" Two official complaints from Lavina and Janice about police lineup .
tr	C	Jan 's wrecking was to cover her fear , Misty realized .
tr	O	It started when I walked into the kennel .
tr	O	I want to build an exclusive boutique hotel in a nice area that ... " " With an equity of three million dollars ? "
tr	O	The enormous war horses , the well-made leather and steel armour , the strength that exuded from their frightful leader .
tr	C	When Alaric 's back is to the forest , he shares his head and shakes his fur again .
tr	O	No matter what he did , no matter what he wore , he exuded a kind of magnetism that made one stop and just stare .
tr	O	Once I was out of earshot of the encampment , I allowed myself a few moments to speak - colorfully - about the situation .
tr	O	" Enemy isn 't here yet , " Bernard said , his voice placid .
tr	C	Deep moral superiors would weigh on some people for a long while .
tr	C	" Family loyalties , newspaper cut outs ... a family tree ? "
tr	C	There are volatile areas where the ground becomes wafer thin above boiling noodles or where scant layers of sand disguise wells of searing mud . "
tr	C	She raised her head a little , alighted on him and fought against the pain in her face to lift her mouth into a smile .
tr	C	" I am sorry , but I warned you about my lack of preservation . "
tr	C	" Your guy isn 't going to come barreling in here again ? "
tr	O	Then he returned to the kitchen , to the dishwasher , in the same disgruntled , hopeless frame of mind .
tr	C	" I hate corruption , " he muttered .
tr	O	There are more men than before , piling in as the afternoon gets elderly and the shadows get cold outside .
tr	C	I flexed the leg a few times , suspecting that it was simply warning feedback pain from the system , and not an actual injury .
tr	C	The fella of this garment was obvious .
tr	C	The kitchen was separated by a peninsula that had three wooden chopsticks pushed against it .
tr	O	I just never had a guy mention ethics while asking me out . "
tr	O	She wasn 't wearing a speck of makeup , and she looked just fine .
tr	O	We 're evicted . "
tr	C	" I 'll have a rucksack , then . "
tr	O	Like a man extinguishing a candle before he retires a bed , will I snuff out this little flame . '
tr	O	Allie could feel the McGill 's anger like the heat of a furnace .
tr	O	She still had to honor the lease on the house , but they hadn 't lived in Rubicon Ranch long enough for it to become home .
tr	C	Hans was a tall bear of a man who like Orrick was well into his bounds .
tr	C	It is nothing more than a dream , a standstill .
tr	O	They tossed the clothes , shoes and belts into separate metal bins on wheels located all around the pit .
tr	O	With a shake of his head , Duncan wondered if he 'd lost whatever gift for hunting the Undead he had possessed .
tr	C	I had no sooner closed them when I was standing in a blinding , white broth .
tr	O	Kennedy stood , smiling straight at me , illuminated by the glow of the dual lights of the veranda .
tr	C	There were several branching pathways , but each one led to a dead end .
tr	C	And you couldn 't do much even with the livery .
tr	C	Celestino urged the priest to continue , " You came here on misdirection ?
tr	O	" One affects the other , " the man replied with palpable hesitation despite his immense size .
tr	O	I can 't recreate the pieces . "
tr	O	Winkler pointed to a barstool in the kitchen .
tr	C	Hugo lowered his ten foot frame to make contact with Bobby 's four foot gorge .
tr	O	There was no way to see into the future , no way to provide guarantees on either side .
tr	C	The packed dance floor was next to the row of nibbles , but the bar was nowhere in sight .
tr	O	Along with the raft we had a sack of cans and bottles .
tr	O	Whenever I came across one at a thrift store I 'd get all giddy .
tr	O	Then he ignores me and the young female Arc completely and walks in another direction .
tr	C	" I think ... we 'll leave and let you see the vanguard of your bargain . "
tr	O	Raven is already rifling through the pack , removing supplies .
tr	C	He treaded along the bank of the frozen pool for several minutes .
tr	O	Too bad marriage didn 't come with a nice safe treehouse to hide out in when things went bad .
tr	C	Before school ended for the summer , Hope had purposely excluded Mia from her popular jock .
tr	O	It was Aunt Tabby who had been pulling the string , not some horrible mon - ster , and she was coming to rescue us .
tr	C	" And as for Meir , in his sorrow and misery , he pours himself for Lea 's taking sick because he brought us here .
tr	O	As soon as Sarah was remounted , she put Dan into a canter that spilled into a gallop before they were half a mile outside the village .
tr	C	" And knowing my son has sustained me in intelligence is ... more than a father can bear . "
tr	C	That is just a snowman created by the empire !
tr	C	There were floral prints on the walls and the white sofa was decorated with a variety of pink pillows in varying sizes and guides .
tr	C	She leaned forward and glanced at two glass cylinders containing what looked like ... she leaned closer and sniffed .
tr	C	Her body looked sculpted , rising from the folds of her dress like one of those statues of organisms and nymphs that decorated the opera house .
tr	O	We didn 't share any classes or schedules . "
tr	C	He used the other hand to release more T-shirts into the napkin as he sobbed , " But I have betrayed you and our relationship . "
tr	O	They were to be alert to possible infiltration and maintain tight security so nothing happens .
tr	C	" Anybody for progeny ? "
tr	O	" Some time ago , " she continued timidly , " I dreamt that I went with my sick child in the churchyard .
tr	O	Among six of them , in both hands , they carried knives , pitchforks , and shovels .
tr	O	His tongue parted the seam of her lips and slid home .
tr	O	When I didn 't move , he raised the gun with both hands and sighted on the barn door .
tr	O	" But don 't let me mislead you , " Sally continued .
tr	O	Jordan 's hungry and oh so appreciative gaze upped her temperature even more .
tr	O	People with a grudge ? "
tr	C	You needn 't trace out in detail the scores of every human being or even of every world .
tr	C	321 Second Street acted as a go-ahead point for me .
tr	O	Vin frowned , turning as Penrod opened the proceedings .
tr	O	" The airbag saved her life , but unfortunately her left hand is injured .
tr	O	Nor was there any reason why the devastation should end in Europe .
tr	C	And if I 'm not mistaken , you spent a week not long ago at that international tax revenue in Honolulu .
tr	O	" It 's storm season in the drifts , sir , " the pilot replied .
tr	O	I never meant to invade your privacy . "
tr	C	My body was just starting to feel the beginnings of fatigue , and the tension in the room made me emotional y tired as hel .
tr	O	The tall ferns had infiltrated the meadow around the house , crowding against the trunks of the cedars , even the wide porch .
tr	O	" Maybe we 'll even have a snow day tomorrow , " she muses .
tr	O	' I found it on the street , after the bombing , ' he said .
tr	C	My breath left in a standstill as I was enfolded in her warmth , and I buried my face in her neck .
tr	C	She dipped her sugar spoon into the bowl and slowly spilled the sweet grasses into the dark mug .
tr	C	" Sign over in the north wing .
tr	O	Psyche had wandered off , singing to herself , among the trees , to the edge of the royal gardens where they overlook the lane .
tr	C	I demand you leave me alone or I 'll be forced to contact your interpretation . "
tr	O	My ambition is moderate indeed ; one world , not millions ; peace , not war ; freedom , not slavery .
tr	O	He looked to his mother , mewling already about how she 'd ruined his shot , but she was no longer listening . "
tr	C	Neither one of you really appreciates what an athlete that was .
tr	O	It was a tight hard ball of compressed elation .
tr	C	A slight incline , but close enough to the truth .
tr	C	Only now was Nate beginning to grasp the carton of what he knew .
tr	C	If that fails , the individual must descend immediately , or risk a variety of symptoms up to and including death .
tr	C	His life had been disintegrating at the seams for long enough .
tr	C	She stepped away from Dayan , but somehow he moved too in a ripple of power so that he was confronting her body from the rising wind .
tr	C	Elizabeth 's still trying to undress you .
tr	O	The man at the table returned to the buffet to pile on another plate with four varieties of breaded or sautéed chicken .
tr	C	Morton surmised that they already had at least ten thousand members .
tr	O	She moaned at the pleasure , thrilling him .
tr	O	" Well hello there cutie ! "
tr	O	Could this all be the Earth 's way of cleansing itself ?
tr	O	She laughed at their antics , and felt very flattered by them .
tr	C	I swore at the slayer of it all and kicked at a chunk of old mortar that had fallen from a building .
tr	C	At least now she knew who had written the bedclothes .
tr	O	They 'd been through the Maze and its horrors .
tr	C	I 'm actually rooting them with some trigonometric .
tr	C	Sean Ferro told me to come out here - " The guy 's smile softens and he looks me over again .
tr	C	I don 't care what sort of rebellious mercenaries you think you are , but you seriously need to cop onto yourself and grow up . "
tr	O	" Do you think I could record a few videos ?
tr	O	His question threw me asunder .
tr	C	Stone hardly glanced at my new climate .
tr	O	They are used particularly on interceptors when they dock for refueling and need a quick turnaround .
tr	C	Fear blazes through me , but I install it quickly .
tr	O	James 's infuriatingly clean desk , the stack of blank computer paper next to the printer , the Lucite plaques on the bookshelf .
tr	C	" I think maybe it 's time for boy and girl fireflies to get some shut-eye . "
tr	C	The dirt was soft and heavy physique .
tr	O	He paused and took off his glasses , running a thumb absently along the foggy lenses .
tr	C	James looked around nervously , while eating his roast pork .
tr	O	" I really appreciate your persistence in pursuing your story , " said Raja .
tr	O	In front of the three huts , away from the river , stood an open sided structure which had trestle tables set beneath it .
tr	O	In the distance , again in perfect alignment stood the tall imposing structure of the Memorial to the Unknown Airmen .
tr	O	It only took a little work on his knees and the man was putty in his hands .
tr	C	" Wear this mission , and the slate is wiped clean .
tr	C	she demanded , enveloping her arms out to the side .
tr	C	Lonnie smirked and Ricky knew that they were going to spout the younger kids somehow .
tr	O	He gestured around , arm wide to illustrate his point .
tr	O	she hissed , unwavering before the Pirate .
tr	C	" I am the President 's senior analyst .
tr	C	Even so , Derek thought of the jagged shoals they were even now skimming , paired with the coming storm , and became distinctly uneasy about Nicole .
tr	C	" I think we 've met our nanny for tearful reunions , " she chuckled against the top of my head .
tr	O	The guys had been groaning and whistling at her while she walked to the bathroom , making stupid comments that said they had more testosterone than brains .
tr	C	And in the pitiful state that we were fabricated in at the time , we were piled with more worries than we were meant to be . "
tr	C	We wrote a treatment and mailed copies to the ceilings .
tr	O	Back inside he started coordinating the teardown of Gamma base .
tr	C	Shadow began to thicken and back away into a corner , fright traced in his bright yellow eyes .
tr	O	I didn 't feel the buffeting so much as before .
tr	O	She took it as a good omen .
tr	C	If nothing else , that one usually kept him out of injustice .
tr	C	Even later when my skills improved , and I gave her other , much more valuable pieces , she still wore the gazebo . "
tr	O	I whisper helplessly , sadness and sexual arousal fighting for supremacy .
tr	C	They both gambled with rage and annoyance that they had been so wrongly confident about winning the first prize .
tr	O	" Playing on the East stage will be Rotten Weasel Indicator ; an Indie band from Sacramento . "
tr	C	We will be glad of it come the gazebo . "
tr	O	" I 'll be able to pay off what I owe the bank and my suppliers , then it 'll be business as usual . "
tr	C	He took her emotional tears as further indication that she had more in mind than just evading him .
tr	C	Xavier pointed at the great men in the parachute above the table .
tr	O	Leah asked picking up a brownie from the picked over tray .
tr	O	Which would have been a nice case of karma , given that I totally caught him stealing my pretzels while he thought I was asleep .
tr	O	The knowledge about the complexities of brain and an interpretation of humanity through mind perspectives made him feel and live the shame of stupidity .
tr	O	He 'd moved from taking advantage of the chemistry between us to wooing me with words , with trust , with respect .
tr	O	I thought that maybe I should , but then I wondered if it would cause friction .
tr	C	Indeed , kingdoms would be made through all of Rome .
tr	C	He has his hands in my hair , which came out of its braid during the night , and our kisses get deeper and a little guesthouse .
tr	C	As we passed I could hear growls , loosening , and clawing .
tr	O	Caroline handed her horse to one of the younger grooms .
tr	C	My cousin and the three of us gathered at a bus stop to take the bus for our handhold .
tr	C	Would she find herself walking the underworld with her sisters looking for weird voodoo plants and alligators ?
tr	C	Somewhere in the shadows of the chateau , those two were there .
tr	O	He longed to bid me hasten my return ; a thousand conflicting emotions rendered his mute as he bade me a tearful , silent farewell .
tr	C	" I 've interviewed several killings but I found none of them suitable . "
tr	O	We will both give her ancient blood and call to the healers .
tr	C	I stand at the base of the wooden stairs that lead onto the vast open floor that builds this room below .
tr	O	How was he going to tell her nicely that she was a bad P.A. , and that she was lousy in bed ?
tr	O	A young black man ambled out one of the complex doors , looking just about the furthest person from caring about Sylvie or a school scandal .
tr	O	With over a thousand people on her contact list , her vid feed would be enough to start the ball rolling .
tr	C	Deciding that , if necessary , she would cling to the raft rather than vomiting , Claire focussed all her energy on listening to the lecture .
tr	C	He concluded that the barrow was doing well .
tr	O	" You 're thinking , " said the Pastor , " that finding these skeletons is not going to be enough to delay the bridge . "
tr	C	Go with known mercenaries .
tr	O	You didn 't want a quickie in a back alley .
tr	O	" All in favor of sending reinforcements , say aye and raise your hand . "
tr	O	Why would a young woman like Mookie Preston move to a small southern town if she had no friends or relations in place here ?
tr	C	The door closed and the engines whined powerfully as the jet taxied across the pavement .
tr	O	I think having one day without all the usual distractions might be beneficial . "
tr	C	" Ryan owes you in the cage . "
tr	C	Chris was still chiming as the captain glanced skyward .
tr	C	Then started with a cavity of things that could go wrong .
tr	O	She was being assisted by White Flower , one of the village midwives .
tr	O	The man was a walking contradiction and Tula really wished she didn 't find that so darned attractive .
tr	C	Calder has been working for a consulting firm right here in town , and he 's been doing so well that they depicted him last month .
tr	O	Bouncing it off his blotter , one end , then the other .
tr	O	It was a pathetic attempt to retaliate .
tr	O	Katherine scrunched her face , " I 'd tell him I 'd rather be on the rink with whatever gets up later . "
tr	C	I don 't want to injure you of an opportunity to hear it personally .
tr	O	It wasn 't that hard to pull off , considering my anxiety was growing by leaps and bounds .
tr	C	" Airman Burke , " Art honked .
tr	C	He 's hardly likely to come trotting down the field in one of those shouting at us is he ? "
tr	O	He and Julie had their talks in this little building with its wooden railings and cake work roof .
tr	C	At eight the park officials gave me an awakening -- either I end it or they would shut off the lights .
tr	O	Because in the end God will prevail , God is the only one that can save you , but let me tell you how good God is .
tr	O	And the remains of warlocks .
tr	O	He didn 't stop when she bucked beneath him to the tempo of his licking tongue and flicking fingers .
tr	C	Saber whirled around and ran through the house , governments of the dark , of the furniture .
tr	C	Lennox squeezes my shoulder , slithering away from the gate .
tr	O	In a matter of seconds , he had my arms pinned , but al the pain and the sorrow rose in me , overriding any common sense .
tr	C	She needed us to get into the shelter , revive the objects and ship them safely back to the lab .
tr	O	" So what are the rules to your rite of passage ? "
tr	O	Too keyed up to sit still , he prowled the corridors for hours before going to his apartment .
tr	C	" And it 's not a launch , it 's a chaplain .
tr	O	And in one case in Nepal , a dairy farmer had turned from delivering milk to supplying blood .
tr	C	The entrance was small and well insulated .
tr	C	It 's so fun overcoming her off .
tr	C	" Hopefully the formality isn 't too busy today .
tr	O	Ivan saw the dawn peaking over the mountains , the golden glint that lightened the first minute of the daytime .
tr	C	That entire day I was slicked with questions about my past and stuff .
tr	C	There 's something about a cloudy , windy spring day that always attracts a wanderlust in me .
tr	C	Raw , imploring whisper .
tr	O	Did the city fall already , right after we finished evacuating it ?
tr	C	It was nice to be loved , I thought , and reined in the glow of it .
tr	O	But he wasn 't so ignorant to believe that tongues wouldn 't be wagging after they were seen together .
tr	O	And then she 'd stopped accepting his dinner invitations .
tr	O	" If a shoe doesn 't fit the first time you try it on , it 'll always give you blisters .
tr	O	I just want to go to my cabin and relax ... I don 't want to be interrogated right now . "
tr	C	She shouldn 't be picturing riding in a contractor with Alex , but she couldn 't help it .
tr	C	Rudi followed us out of camp , fracturing with excitement , until Streak nipped him sharply and sent him scampering away .
tr	O	That doesn 't mean we get to use our phones on airplanes . "
tr	C	" Shoot me ? "
tr	C	She scratched his neck with her free hand as she shooed the slightly curvy road that lead to the center of town .
tr	C	The architecture here reminds me of nothing so much as an insect infestation .
tr	C	" We have been scrawled , but we will now correct that wrong .
tr	C	" Dude , you could be a werewolf nanny or something .
tr	O	Instead , she 'd found Cameo , the beautiful woman who made her want to pluck out her eyes and jam sticks into her ears .
tr	C	Bees wax aerosol spray made a perfect second washcloth around the throne .
tr	O	The light is not good and nor are my senses , but it looks like a cadaver .
tr	O	He has the sort of brawn someone like me could only wish to have .
tr	O	But I was totally mesmerized by her and her sculptures , even at fifteen . "
tr	C	It appeared to be a flat , golden glade , not much larger than his hand , containing several odd engravings that made no sense to him .
tr	C	The plant he acquired the day previous grew and yielded a cold but faint violet light .
tr	C	He 'd known Skylar for years and one of the man 's accomplishments was strategy .
tr	O	He 's pure hotness . "
tr	C	I will stay here and play my part as the cocoon bent on installing these night cameras to catch sight of the elusive jaguar .
tr	C	It is a sled .
tr	O	Jase glances at me as the engine revs into high gear .
tr	C	Screens were for enlightening people who couldn 't slouch into the main computer when they liked -- Hartley shouldn 't need them .
tr	O	Add in his expensive and risky toys and the possibility of her child growing up here scared her witless .
tr	O	Though she didn 't investigate thoroughly , she only saw familiar authors and titles .
tr	C	" When you wallow in negative , it 's like owning stock .
tr	O	* * * * All morning , I 'd been replaying exactly what I would to say to Leif .
tr	O	Franz entered the automobile .
tr	C	He didn 't know Teri well , but he 'd liked her , and he shopped for the whole family .
tr	C	Did he remember the heat of those recordings , their canoe slipping through riffles , the pastures gold in the sunlight , another summer grew old .
tr	C	But it was nothing -- nothing -- compared to her divine successor now .
tr	C	She was a frigging blonde pixie .
tr	C	The building in front of them was ancient , with nakedness and stacked brick showing through the cracking plaster .
tr	O	Confinement and pacification -- that was how you treated fever , mania , men losing their minds .
tr	O	" Someone less intelligent and capable , " I added , laying the flattery on thick .
tr	O	It looked like she 'd dunked both arms into a vat of cochineal dye .
tr	O	I slipped one foot in a turquoise sandal and couldn 't help admiring it , it was a foot that belonged to someone else .
tr	O	Mason 's head snapped up as the townsfolk went for their guns .
tr	C	She nodded at Errol who was lecturing and muttering .
tr	O	Jeremy typed furiously for a moment , then said , " They went old-school and offline .
tr	C	We reached the secret door , a tidy slab of faux brick that , when closed , would have navigated neatly into the rest of the wall .
tr	C	The paratroopers were dropping right toward that rising tide of chastity .
tr	O	They herded the criminals through like cattle at an auction .
tr	C	Damocles could have told him that he held his housemates more dearly than anyone would ever know .
tr	O	I made my way back there , eager for some company , and perhaps some newfound insights from the doc .
tr	C	I quoted it away .
tr	O	When Claire finished stacking several dusty books into a row , she looked up with a grin .
tr	C	Eileen was preening herself to the fact that I wasn 't going to be the easiest sell she 'd ever had .
tr	O	What I know I know from happenstance .
tr	O	Across the parking lot , Noah had finally emerged from Nino 's and he slouched toward them .
tr	O	She wasn 't as big as Theo , but what she lacked in size , she made up for in agility .
tr	C	Then we played CDs in his room , heaped with his drum set , and made milkshakes in the kitchen .
tr	C	Punched Da Vinci ' in the face , made sure that a certain emperor didn 't have a sighting when Rome burnt ... easy stuff . "
tr	C	It 's some sort of bouquets that a person develops when they 're in close proximity to the biggest movie star on the planet .
tr	C	This would certainly explain his canteen of calling her by Mother 's name .
tr	O	When he didn 't say anything , I finished with a zinger that reflected what I 'd suspected when he mentioned my granddad .
tr	C	I banished her over insane and wrong suspicions and married your mother on the straitjacket . "
tr	C	I stiffened as a familiar figure strode through the doors that provoked the bar to the cafe .
tr	O	I wasn 't being singled out .
tr	O	He then joins his brothers and becomes a notorious pirate .
tr	O	' He 's my other helper . '
tr	C	They 'd have to subdue her , have to discover all of the secrets that the woman might not even realize she possessed .
tr	C	4 Roxy and I were instant friends , aside from the fact that our first week together she destroyed all my drumsticks .
tr	C	It was hard to see who it was that stood by the triggers .
tr	O	However , lucky and blessed are those , who retain their character in the entirety of the cosmic causality .
tr	O	" Not that I want to converse with the enemy , but for some reason I get the feeling you really don 't want us talking .
tr	C	Disease , epidemics , these things were his plight .
tr	C	The report did indeed contain such an eavesdropping , but she had received it herself .
tr	O	Its wicker top was flipped back .
tr	C	The small beer he was drinking was a watered down brew for everyday use , water really with just enough beer in it to kill the championships .
tr	C	" Summon me , " Molly piped up .
tr	C	She jabbed the muzzle of the gun in the direction of the remaining granola .
tr	C	The room privileges you everything anyone 's ever denied you !
tr	O	" Are you effing out of your mind ? "
tr	O	I heard the crackle of radios all around .
tr	O	" She is sweet and intelligent , and charmingly devoid of guile or pretense .
tr	C	Continuing simple conversation wasn 't easy with the awareness sparking between them but she managed .
tr	C	' It was my first time and most of the women in the pact ' division have been training their whole lives .
tr	O	Casually as he could , Jack moved to the nearest table and enquired where such things could be found .
tr	C	The banging got louder and louder , until a loud , violent screech sounded , and everyone let out happy cheers of relief and circumstance .
tr	O	' For your lack of manners , oaf ! '
tr	O	I 'd have to become a whale and they don 't move very fast . "
tr	O	Harry still wanted an answer and ran over to his granddad just as Bella turned with the frying pan .
tr	O	People weren 't booking stands at exhibitions like they used to .
tr	C	Being discreet was no longer an option , as the house was an invention of chaos .
tr	O	Several people with their backs turned to him followed the sloped road down to their destinations .
tr	O	He grabbed the pebble from the ground and threw it to the air ; it scorched to the sky and fell among the forest .
tr	O	The blood , floating in the obsidian and amber of space had brought everything rushing back .
tr	C	Behind her back one of the children disguised her sour face and had his ears boxed by his mother , but not very hard .
tr	C	Then he saw a firm foothold that chilled him clean through .
tr	C	Preferably without the puffiness that comes with being hung from a mix-up .
tr	C	" If they bother you , go straight to the eulogy or a teacher right away . "
tr	O	The left and right sides of my body secrete different chemicals that , when mixed , ignite . "
tr	C	He handed back the gauntlet and a silver dollar to the bank clerk .
tr	C	I don 't need to spend another night in the hospital for them to tell me I need to chill on groping .
tr	O	After they left , the conductor , a middle-aged man with a mustache and glasses , came to her and smiled .
tr	O	Make sure he is an equal partner who is willing to share his life with you and trusts you without question .
tr	O	" So , " the girl in pigtails said , jutting out her hip .
tr	O	" We , the protectors of the innocent , are known for the singular gift of knowing good from evil .
tr	O	Then you leave the partially gnawed carcass behind and exposed to be picked at afterwards by the passing scavengers that happen upon it .
tr	O	Asha pushed the arrow in , and when she began to turn it inside him , the pain was amplified .
tr	O	We orbited around each other as only two can do .
tr	O	And that 's when I pounced on my prey .
tr	C	Aides and junior officers from the various worlds stood against the angled walls behind their respective senior officers , skirted from even the last rows of seats .
tr	C	" Yes , I definitely want the prosecutor .
tr	C	She only had a few minutes to clean the room and prepare for the next passerby .
tr	O	After I 'd driven back to the house , despite an hour spent watching Madeleine and her kittens , I still could not ground myself .
tr	C	" And you simply want to cater the former queen for now ? "
tr	C	Then the clouds of lint suddenly dissolved and the sun , now having access to the planet surface , was creating winds that swept across the land .
tr	O	When one steals a flying balloon and animates it to fly over Paris , one should , ideally , have some idea how said balloon normally works .
tr	O	Peter and Evie stood with Tony and Clare ; while Stephen , Abe and Adam were out on the decking .
tr	O	He , on the other hand , stood a very good probability of defeating Beth and Patrick who had no DNA connection to the baby whatsoever .
tr	O	Even though the building was filled with security , he was a major donor to the hospital .
tr	O	Someone who believes that Jesus is the Son of God , but ignores His teaching and does evil things , is obviously not a follower of Jesus .
tr	C	All the other cheerleaders stepped lightly , so it could only have been Silver .
tr	C	Little more than an advocate of breath , a sigh .
tr	O	Well , if you 've ever tried navigating your sailboat through her stormy seas , you would realize that her white caps are your enemies .
tr	C	We 'd landed on top of a windstorm .
tr	C	Everything and anything got dropped into the documentary , from animal carcasses to the contents of chamber pots .
tr	O	Earth with healing properties , flower beneath the earth do see , twine your essences , fill these wounds gently , apply your healing boon .
tr	O	She ran to the table , grabbed the knife , and nodded to show her readiness .
tr	C	They will do that yearly , if you have no issues with the Collar continuing to stay .
tr	O	Scorpion had to have planned for all contingencies ... even a risky incursion by FRN 's security forces .
tr	C	But he was really a hard core investment adviser and people shivered with fear whenever he ventured into New York City .
tr	C	Spitting out cigars , Horrendous emerged from the pile .
tr	C	Stunned by its evil gaze , I attempted to raise my lung for an attack .
tr	C	So unless he 's planning a second abby to the lab later , which I doubt , we 'll probably need to budget time to rescue them .
tr	O	You are so good and sweet and everything I 'm not and I don 't want to taint you with my disgusting life . "
tr	C	He traced the edge of her headshot that was administered to her application .
tr	C	This room in particular showcased items from Grenville 's travels : clusters from the Orient piled the floor , a silk tent hung overhead .
tr	C	Short of continually flying into the sand dune and causing an outcast , there was no way it would be able to blast them a ramp .
tr	C	His strokes against Danika 's artillery became frenzied .
tr	O	What they would do to me if they were provoked correctly .
tr	O	The words are elongated somehow , stretched into meaningless sounds and syllables .
tr	O	She ingested air so quickly she seemed to hiccup .
tr	O	" Why don 't we go get dinner and move away from these creepy pests , " Finn interjected .
tr	C	She surveyed the passageways .
tr	C	After I expressed my interest in appraisal , his school provided me with a scholarship to attend college . "
tr	O	" But it 's still a weak piece of literature . "
tr	C	As if confirming David 's doings , they heard Jenny screaming again .
tr	C	Looking back , I saw Mae stepping into the interstate .
tr	O	" About yo ... you .
tr	O	Elliott wears his sword and carries a musket .
tr	O	She was musing the rest of the way home .
tr	O	But Avery hadn 't been trying to create a wormhole .
tr	C	Overcome by his emotions , debilitating thoughts of loss scattered across his yips like an icy gale .
tr	C	The pens and monkeys gave the appearance of never being used , the type of collection which would sit untouched for months before being rearranged .
tr	O	The seers all talk in riddles , and necromancy seems like a waste of time to me .
tr	O	If you thrash about like you usually do , you might do some serious damage .
tr	O	She signs his receipt , tips him , and he goes out , closing the door after himself .
tr	O	His thrust , designed to gut her , scraped along the hardened leather armour , nicking the underlying flesh only superficially .
tr	O	It left a lovely shady spot to stand and peer through the trees at the lawn next door and the two women mowing it .
tr	C	I conjure another shell up , then dab sauce on it .
tr	C	But I 'd come to recognize the light in a man 's eyes before he laughed in fairness .
tr	C	Worst of all , sharp stones lay interspersed along the soil , which jabbed and pulled at their concubines while littering their flesh with bruises .
tr	O	Leaning her temple against the driver 's headrest , she peered back at him .
tr	C	Those three nights were the stampede of my week .
tr	O	He tucked the parcel in his coat and thanked him with more sincerity than usual .
tr	C	" I hope it doesn 't seem that I 'm trying to avenge you or blame you for her actions .
tr	C	The fires in the steam engines had gone out some hours before , but the jackass held the heat well .
tr	O	" There 's a fun reason to be facedown and spanked ? "
tr	O	As she spoke she wiped the gel briskly from my stomach , pulled down my top .
tr	O	Daniel had strolled off to the lounge , probably to smoke cigars and play cards .
tr	O	The pilot came over the speaker and told everyone to prepare for takeoff .
tr	O	And with that , she leaves Layton and I alone as she trots up the stairs and disappears .
tr	C	" If Marla , Colin , and Mike would allow us to confer privately for a moment ... " Ah , so it was relaxation time .
tr	O	" They removed a lung .
tr	O	The trail flowed out of the forest and into one of the park 's many meadows , the one that overlooked the city .
tr	C	The thing called Jacob lifted its triangular head and roared .
tr	C	He reckons it 's connected to three other deeds of missing females .
tr	C	" Feel like loosening some water for me ? "
tr	C	And now she focuses on in the world .
tr	C	" Today we begin the contradiction of this city . "
tr	C	' They yearn to the Riverside Sector to work .
tr	C	Any assault you make doesn 't have a chance of reaching the necklaces , never mind destroying the beasts inside here ! '
tr	O	Richard knew that the defection of Dr. Stone , and the attack on the settlement was not a coincidence .
tr	C	Inside , every room was occupied with painkillers and cousins and mothers .
tr	C	' Is there a thinker , or sheriff in the town ? '
tr	C	It is run by the incidents of Mercy .
tr	C	I drew my first deep breath since leaving Patch 's estimation .
tr	C	A few fire trucks and carts parked near the curb but I still couldn 't figure out what was going on .
tr	C	But as Jordan stepped behind the unyielding tree , he stopped , staring down at the wreckage of the trio of bikes .
tr	O	Alex tapped his bat against first one foot , then the other , and she watched as red dirt clumped to the ground from his cleats .
tr	C	Then I sat there , drinking my beer , thinking , So people actually leave notes with ligaments .
tr	O	A full size bookshelf came down over the monitors hiding all evidence of their existence .
tr	O	The figures removed their masks and began celebrating their victory , groping and kissing one another ferociously .
tr	C	It was the same way with teachers and beggars , as long as I had been in school with her .
tr	C	" And then a sheriff 's car showed up and raced across the innkeeper and onto the runway , " Hunter said .
tr	C	All of this ruckus is my fault . "
tr	O	Sharon cracked the noodles and stirred the pot .
tr	C	They had her requirements ?
tr	C	If he did , Jolene would apologise and argue , and that would only increase Rachel 's stress .
tr	C	Mostly automatons , a few skirmishes with the natives .
tr	O	The gnome narrowed his eyes .
tr	O	He was a thin punk , but with his life on the line , he fought big .
tr	O	The autopsy revealed she had overdosed after a long night of partying with Barry and his friends from Washington .
tr	C	Gino had no idea what it might have once been or that it was in any way connected with the monstrous boar on the hillside below .
tr	O	" You 're not a dork . "
tr	C	He didn 't raise his voice , but his tone told me I would be foolish to concede .
tr	O	" The Japs don 't play cricket ! "
tr	C	Pope came full circle again and stopped before him with new snowflake .
tr	C	Part of my plan depended on getting out of the kitchens .
tr	O	Question : Will the propaganda covers for Tin Universe Monthly continue past this year ?
tr	C	You are very easy to churn . "
tr	O	She 's bewitched you all over again .
tr	C	Turning to face his imagined innuendo he forced a response .
tr	C	Ashe had to stifle a vocabulary .
tr	O	The sheer quantity told him what he needed to know .
tr	O	" Marlon , listen - " Marlon slammed the door shut , Pandora grabbing her rucksack and getting out of the car as he stormed away .
tr	O	It was housed in a custom-made armoire with the look of an antique , though the whole construction was designed especially for stereo equipment .
tr	O	VX has a similar pedigree , actually . "
tr	O	They were lined with something that looked like clusters of lenses .
tr	O	I watched the hands on Xavier 's clocks turn in different directions , marking the passage of time that didn 't exist here .
tr	C	Miho 's resolution came out the following year and I believe he planned that , too .
tr	O	" The more the merrier . "
tr	O	But given how hard the blow was going to be , I upgraded the verb to smite .
tr	O	Part of the problem was that he talked down to the audience , as though he were instructing the uninitiated into the elements of peptide chemistry .
tr	C	Although he wasn 't convinced we should be playing possum , he acquiesced and invited him for me .
tr	O	The moonlight is shining down through the hole in the cave 's top to illuminate a mud stand .
tr	C	They should never have buried the stupid Thermos , should never have let themselves get so caught up in professionalism .
tr	O	The image bobbled and swung like some badly directed horror movie .
tr	O	" Have you come to gloat at my defeat son ?
tr	C	" Uh ... thanks , " I return and realize how far the race along the handicap ( and the tide ) has taken us .
tr	O	She couldn 't be surprised that the gods had not saved her -- they had foreseen that their intervention would be unnecessary , of course .
tr	C	The cult leader waved his hand graciously in front of her , indicating that she should lead the way .
tr	C	Then thought and immobility were torn away by a bolt of instinct and with a gasp he sprinted toward the edge of the cringing shadow .
tr	O	He glanced at the barbecue and shrugged .
tr	C	The page automatically scrolled halfway down and featured " Skyler Holding " in the middle of a sentence .
tr	O	" Calling in favors . "
tr	O	All animation on Charlotte 's face disappeared .
tr	C	She said waving her hand down to point out her state of glue .
tr	C	She approached a man who was groping in a chair with his feet on the desk and reading a book .
tr	C	A skintight , winter white quartz that had opalescent beading around the shoulders and down the chest which gave the impression of sparkling snow .
tr	O	" You have been here nearly a month , and now I find that you have been deceiving me the whole time . "
tr	C	Merely for the lawns of justice and the decent treatment of people , concerning whom he can have little interest ? "
tr	O	" She did look like she wanted to wring your balls after you spoke to her at the bar . "
tr	O	Working at a grocery store as a bagger or cashier will not earn you enough .
tr	C	" Don 't we have some cops on the Squires ' ultimatum ? "
tr	O	If only they 'd come sooner ... The bandits ' tall leader strode forward and lowered to one knee .
tr	O	Barrie flushed , suspecting that Stein knew he was lying .
tr	C	She tried to lease it in the air .
tr	C	As he stepped through the dense forest , he was reminded of his childhood , playing matchmaker in the woods .
tr	O	Kira asked , phrasing her words carefully .
tr	O	He had decimated her scruples this morning .
tr	C	" I 'll live , " I said , not wanting him to think I was a marathon , but enjoying his attention .
tr	O	Nozzles protrude from the walls , emitting bursts of smoke .
tr	O	Life is good here but I sure am homesick .
tr	O	And when finally they had their hands on my mother , silencing her would be an obvious top priority .
tr	C	Fate had forced her into marriage with a man who didn 't want her and who was , moreover , a thank-you .
tr	C	Soft lights moved slowly about the walls and scholars , adding yet another layer of romance to the whole night .
tr	C	I said picking up a picture off the occurrence to study it .
tr	O	I got more stares and a few snickers .
tr	O	The only things spared were a few miners in the local asteroid belt and the urban structures and population of the scrap of planet itself .
tr	C	" ' But you , you my rant , must promise me that you will grant our daughter life . " '
tr	O	Finally I mustered the courage to turn .
tr	C	The soft rap of her voice as it tumbled out of her mouth both scared and soothed me .
tr	C	It was impossible to tell the road from the settlements .
tr	O	With a simple plea from him and the sadness in his look , I realized we didn 't have time to waste in lovers ' quarrels .
tr	C	Annie : dresses like a Sunday evening period drama , lives with her virtue ... and fights like a ninja .
tr	O	Curtis asked a couple obvious questions about my experiences , but backed off in the face of my reticence .
tr	C	Blake flinches at a bug that 's attempting to land in his scruffy facial hair .
tr	C	I was lookin ' so tired of that .
tr	C	The theater is quiet , but feels charmed .
tr	C	" Look , I just - " " I don 't need your minions , and I don 't need your pity . "
tr	O	Do you process raw sewage in the back as well ? "
tr	O	I shooed them out of my suite and shut the door .
tr	O	Ten dollars was likely ten days of wages for her .
tr	O	Harold insisted on civility , but in a couple of cases that was simply too much to ask .
tr	O	You choose who succeeds and who fails , who lives or dies .
tr	C	Paulette was given the task of finding three or four additional icons to work in the Sweatshop .
tr	O	The air too was different ; it smelled strange and sweet , of magical spells and old incense .
tr	O	By the fire there were a block with a groove chipped into it , washed over with blood till it set and stained .
tr	O	Either she doesn 't detect the challenge or she chooses to ignore it .
tr	O	Maine was particularly handsome today , in a fine new red coat with gold embroidery and silver lace .
tr	C	He buzzes and I really don 't know what to make of that statement .
tr	O	It has weight and heft , an almost physical presence , to the point where I think I can see tracers of scent in the gloom .
tr	C	The ledge was covered with powdered white cum , a moss that clung to the trees of the Bog .
tr	C	There were large nails and shards of glass and whole colonies , moving , drifting away into the night .
tr	O	This meant his management must have a lot on their hands ensuring that his face got on every major endorsement deal .
tr	C	Silas was not a hillock , but most of the people in his flock were and the loss of one cow or bull was a big loss .
tr	O	He slid open the drawer on the bureau .
tr	O	Meyer had conducted his defences with great skill and Weber had fulfilled his position as assistant in a professional and accomplished manner .
tr	C	" Good morning , six-pack , " he said in his soft voice , smiling just enough to show his sharp canines .
tr	O	The call had come in on his private line , known only to his network of cronies , proteges , and spies .
tr	C	It was as if the safety door of a wormhole had swung open .
tr	O	I had watched him in his early classics , The General , The Navigator , and The Boat .
tr	O	It boiled inside them and worked their arms , legs and snarls like steam works a piston .
tr	O	I 'm sure he took one look at you and knew you were a heartbreaker . "
tr	O	It 's not working , though ; I 'm sick of thinking up things that rhyme with ' snow ' .
tr	O	" There 's a freshwater cove about a mile from here , " he explained , turning back to look at her .
tr	C	" The division must be biased . "
tr	O	15 : When is a reed not a reed ?
tr	O	I knock him back until he falls onto the lawn and offer a swift kick to his ribcage .
tr	O	She strolled toward the camera between rows of raised flowerbeds .
tr	C	Can 't you just see him up there fussing with Saint Peter ?
tr	O	The souls around me rushed forward , zipping past the curtain , racing to their peace , to their eternity .
tr	O	Their lives fed into my brain like it was a grinder .
tr	O	" It was left in the mailbox out front . "
tr	C	" Most likely they would partake in a hoof of some form . "
tr	C	Maddie shifted underneath me , and I saw her legs spread as if giving me the signal that she was ready for another area to be floored .
tr	O	" Okay , " I said , but I rushed on before he could even register my acquiescence .
tr	O	Also , there was Debbie to think about - if we killed Steve , R.V. would certainly kill Debbie in retaliation .
tr	C	I 'd like to put flowers on my parent 's and catcher 's graves .
tr	O	The travellers were seated on split logs , arranged as rough benches , around a fire pit .
tr	C	She was fine , but did she need to be a thank-you for punishment .
tr	C	I 'm thinking of Jordan a few years down the road when he 's a senior advisor . "
tr	O	" One of the other girls has been sick for several days and the payroll is tomorrow .
tr	C	While the guy in the front is pitching down a mound , the guy in the back is slowing to climb it .
tr	C	He did not fight his battles with linoleum , but with brain .
tr	C	They drove at a snails pace strictly adhering to the site 's speed limit and instructions regarding no ' adoption ' turns .
tr	O	" It isn 't that we can 't wait ; it 's that we shouldn 't Zombies are rarely raised for the good of mankind .
tr	O	I 've read so many tomes and none of them talk of Amber and Kincaid specifically . "
tr	O	While in prison , he met and fell in love with the commander of the outpost 's granddaughter , Manuela Sanchez .
tr	C	I don 't currently have any gorillas employed at this station who are not union workers , would you like to join ? "
tr	C	So long as there are bridges for his product , he 'll continue to procure it . "
tr	C	I pitied and she went on .
tr	C	I 'd been hollow and emotionally numb until an invisible pursuer had shown up , and my emotions had come barreling out of me .
tr	O	He looked over at Kim , who was poking unnecessarily at the sausages while Ivan dozed by the pool .
tr	O	He still didn 't understand how the transports worked and would have loved spending some time taking one of them apart and learning its secrets .
tr	C	Bobby ignored Hugo 's slugs and looked around as he strolled .
tr	C	" Are you waiting for me to loom ? "
tr	O	Blood spattered the walls .
tr	O	On the Formica counter sat a bamboo eight bottle wine rack , various colored bottles of reds and whites filling the slots .
tr	O	He 's not going to stop callin ' until you answer . "
tr	O	' They 'd have to invent a new word for that too . '
tr	C	The sea people had no use for land or plants , other than trees suitable for necklaces or masts that they could cut down .
tr	C	There had been no easing into the grating reality before the plunge .
tr	C	You just stay in bed and finish your empathy .
tr	C	His teeth cracked together , the sound like a gunshot going off inside his head , and he felt a detriment of tooth on his tongue .
tr	C	" Political opponents , men who loaned him .
tr	O	So I had to wait , with just conjecture and my GPS for company .
tr	O	Anna looked up and perceived that the tunnel itself was carved in a way similar to the passageways within Erebus .
tr	O	The dogs pulled the sled awkwardly behind them as they too , left the building .
tr	C	Indeed the solider was hinting widespread unrest of poor crippled men is going on in the Kingdom .
tr	C	" The producer said I could have any of this stuff ! "
tr	C	Puts new meaning to watching your steward . "
tr	O	It 's the crocodiles for me .
tr	C	Despite my body 's urgings I didn 't want to be the livery with Cohen .
tr	O	She 'd expected her parents to argue about taking them to the veterinarian , but her mother had been strangely cooperative .
tr	C	Down on the warehouse floor , there was a forklift unloading planks of white , shrink wrapped packages .
tr	O	If they bring us furs , we can give them iron tools and weapons .
tr	O	It 's time for your debut . "
tr	C	His new housekeeper , paid for by Gema , came into the room to soar up the fire and check if he wanted anything .
tr	O	He has been enchanting it over the years and believes he finally has the spell worked out .
tr	C	" Normal humans can 't throw taunts around the way you can . "
tr	C	What many people perish with seduction is simply reading the signs .
tr	O	I thought he might still protest , but at last , he yielded .
tr	O	" Your mamma raised a fine son . "
tr	O	Such an affront is insupportable .
tr	O	Brent asked above the steady swish of the windshield wipers .
tr	C	This was the true gent behind his plan .
tr	C	How good it would make him feel to see her resilient attitude towards him change when she finally dispatched to him .
tr	O	It might not be the worst time in his life , but it rated near the top of the list .
tr	O	He wore a turtleneck and jeans .
tr	C	She asked which pilgrims were involved with the three for further tests .
tr	C	No sooner had she entered than her cloak went on a gymnasium , an apron went about her waist , and her hands fell to work .
tr	O	Chase hesitated , grappling for diplomatic words to describe the old man .
tr	O	She shuffled into the back seat and slammed the door , shivering despite the sauna of a vehicle .
tr	C	Her pursuer is completely ruthless , and in this moment , I feel quite certain I 'd be in more danger with her than with this stranger .
tr	C	Neither of us move , the only sound between us the seams of his breathing , until he looks at me slowly .
tr	C	His smile turned cruel , " of course you have the chance to recant of all your thoughtfulness and seek the true power behind the worlds . "
tr	C	Either way I was spawned , surrounded by packets of dried lentils and other pulses I 'd never heard of .
tr	C	Getting up for the morning , I made my way to the kitchen and grabbed a honey wheat germ .
tr	C	When Scarborough began unpacking , Henry Every ' heart lifted and assuming it was all a joking matter he laughed .
tr	O	I told him , " Wait now ' til I run through my checklist . "
tr	O	I tried not to wiggle when his hand clamped down on my arm like I was a threat to humankind .
tr	O	I check my chronometer .
tr	C	She turns to Blake as he sits down next to me and shares his feet on the bucket of balls .
tr	C	" Don 't delude yourself .
tr	O	You were just confused , lost , wounded , and you were brutalized both physically and psychologically .
tr	C	Comforting words , watered by tears , thawed the seeds of recovery for both of them .
tr	O	Reese burst into tears and burrowed against his neck .
tr	O	Writing and publishing is the author 's career .
tr	C	Though she messed up cannons and mumbled her orders at the nearby Starbucks , she survived .
tr	O	Somehow we must mark ourselves off so that we precious few are not lost among your swarms and hordes .
tr	O	He replied by tugging on her hand , stopping them from rounding a corner into the next aisle .
tr	O	I can 't have your family for dinner with a dead body in the laundry chute .
tr	C	Concentrate on wind , solar , switch grass , interwoven , wave machines , cow manure , anything .
tr	O	" Treat you well , does he ? "
tr	O	She was wheezing and her legs ached .
tr	O	Another excursion and the tram down the hill to the river and the Galata Bridge .
tr	C	With his hand he brushed her hair off to one side loosening her long slender neck to him .
tr	C	Plots of dirt not claimed by weeds were claimed by alien trees usually cleared from televisions .
tr	O	No unwanted intruders bothered them ; the pod only swerved once to avoid a few jellyfish .
tr	C	And sleep continues to avenge me .
tr	O	Landon kept up a commentary .
tr	C	Heavy steel doors opened and the tribesman slid through and came to a stop .
tr	O	He slit the boy 's throat and dropped him to the ground before I had an inkling it would happen .
tr	C	Technically it wasn 't a molecule in the neck ; it was plate tectonics .
tr	C	" But are they strong enough to lay perpendicular to that fortress ? "
tr	O	He talks to me at his leisure .
tr	O	Christopher turned to face the lioness to the left flank ; Tucker did the same to the right .
tr	O	How much do you enjoy the taste of a mango ?
tr	C	When they were young adults the two went on many diplomatic missions together , enduring much corruption together .
tr	C	Should we see if the serpent 's open yet ? "
tr	O	Right now we 'll need to concentrate on what we 'll need to do here when it stops snowing . "
tr	O	" Let 's get down to business , " I said as he let out a scream that nearly burst my eardrums .
tr	C	" I apologize , it 's a sod .
tr	O	Alec pounced on the morsel of advice .
tr	O	Two men in suits carrying important looking briefcases made their way to the front where Mike showed them two seats in the front row .
tr	C	Couldn 't he just be her first without diminishing expectations to it ?
tr	C	Today , we have relegated ourselves , but what we have to do next will be nearly as painful . "
tr	C	Sadness , anxiety , fella ; all three of them washed over her suddenly and without warning until tears were filling her eyes .
tr	C	There are a couple of repercussions he wants to visit and what better excuse than a honeymoon ? "
tr	C	She alone would wade out the life of the man who had allowed her to be taken , and in turn had taken everything from her .
tr	O	Rebecca retrieved the perfume from her dresser , squirted some into the air , then stepped into the shower of spray .
tr	C	And try not to dangle yourself . "
tr	C	" Interesting screenplay , " admired Foxton .
tr	C	It didn 't take much to convince Ty to dent his clothing and climb into the shower with Zane .
tr	C	Every other day , I came here and worked on dabbing my intuition .
tr	C	Never before did my comfort betray me so -- perhaps it came as a curse or perhaps simply a bad day 's work by the punctuation .
tr	C	While time is blocked , the feds cannot do any harm . "
tr	O	" Shoot you , most probably . "
tr	O	The reaction of the elixir is so violent it attracts a massive amount of energy and forces my prescience into action .
tr	O	Not flinching , she pressed her eye to the scope .
tr	C	He kept his tone the same , as if they were discussing premonitions and vampires .
tr	O	But an hour in , I 'd worn out my eraser trying to get her face right .
tr	C	The next day and the next - whenever she left , she was accompanied , usually by men carrying provisions or axes .
tr	C	Ezra dipped a confinement in barbecue sauce and popped it in his mouth .
tr	C	As he cruised on that possibility , he was aware that it would be called dreamy , and began to defend it .
tr	C	He calls his sister sweetheart and helps his mom with her charger .
tr	O	Nicolas cursed at him in Russian , his voice edging toward hysteria .
tr	C	Alfred locked the door to the single occupancy executive producer and sent a message to his intelligence contact in Asia .
tr	O	She lunges for the turquoise rhinestone barrette in my hair .
tr	O	" But he works for the consortium ? "
tr	C	All these people are in my life because I 'm a loaf .
tr	C	The safeguards at my feet clicked and sprang open .
tr	O	The waitresses wore red and white gingham shirts and Dickies denim overalls .
tr	C	" My good knight , you must seek this dragon out and harass him so that he never visits our village again ! "
tr	C	Mac guessed they were spraying an innuendo .
tr	C	He moved closer and she had to reprimand her neck to look at him , shocked at how tall he was .
tr	C	Her tongue flicks over mine in a heated exchange that assures me she 's more than willing to take this relationship to a viral level .
tr	O	They visited the Kwame Nkrumah Mausoleum where the architect of Ghanaian independence from the British was buried .
tr	O	With the daylight waning , Bull retrieved two fly-fishing rods from one of the Jeeps and asked if I wanted to join him .
tr	C	I held the bottle tightly to my chest and made my lifeline through the ship 's hole .
tr	O	She zones out , then " wakes " herself up , shaking her head .
tr	O	There was a viewer on one of the benches .
tr	O	There were hedgehogs , foxes and pheasants .
tr	C	But , I still typed , I typed one word , I had no bloody clue that one word - would be my comprehension .
tr	C	They 're certainly not of the same paragraph . "
tr	O	Because of their organic host , their Breath clings to the body , and cannot be withdrawn once Invested . "
tr	C	I thought I was cuddling .
tr	C	He put his empty brownie to the table and looked across at her .
tr	O	Orfeo helped me formulate a version of the story that would get the warrant issued without relying too heavily on the testimony of my talent .
tr	O	Give me the wine , " she said , deadpan and emotionless .
tr	O	A ceremony that was performed for all vampire unions .
tr	C	Everyone buys me this time , and from nowhere Lady Ice produces a small , black , leather pouch and unzips it .
tr	O	The barking had escalated to an obviously threatening pitch .
tr	C	He hates airplanes . "
tr	O	It 's not like you 're a politician 's wife . "
tr	C	With a great creaking and crashing , the wall resonated and fell , raining down on Sarah 's attackers .
tr	C	I felt one more gust away from being diverted .
tr	O	" I think that we did , " I concurred , " But I seem to recall that it was taking place in reverse . "
tr	C	Plants tended to lack boldness , although there were beautiful and ornate leaves , and a few vines that laced individual blooms together .
tr	C	What about Bainbridge 's corruption ? "
tr	C	The legions of these mountains are not too difficult and should provide us with any cover we need .
tr	C	Here , " he replies , which kind of freaks me .
tr	O	Savannah flashed her famous smile , the one that brought those curious silver stars to the centers of her eyes .
tr	C	They stood before another enforcer .
tr	O	The pain ebbed as the fury roiled .
tr	C	And the awful rites that now plagued him .
tr	O	" Don 't freakin ' ' Angel ' me !
tr	O	" You are just throwing your pennies away .
tr	C	A gigantic pall crossed his arm as he did .
tr	O	" Shangri-La , " he says again , stressing the words to really drive his point home .
tr	C	Len walked up the stairs and sat on the bench in the backdoor .
tr	O	And now you tell me that I am the guilty although they were your faults " my mother chided .
tr	O	He gave a sheepish grin , " Running the company behind the scenes in the guise of a human .
tr	O	He tapped his leg repeatedly , like a junkie waiting for a fix .
tr	O	He pushed the iPod into his front pocket .
tr	O	He opened his eyes to see a stewardess with a trolley .
tr	C	Kylie grabbed her tremors beneath the nightshirt and raged , " You final y got a peek at your first set of boobs , didn 't you ?
tr	C	The tunnel smelled somewhat less intensely of confinement .
tr	C	Jimmy wrote that he took the pointers to his chief only to be told not to worry about runaways .
tr	O	Sebastian closed the door behind him and threw the lock , even though the glass had disintegrated , leaving nothing behind but an empty metal frame .
tr	O	They needed backup , and Diego didn 't have the faintest idea how to alert Eric and his trackers , or even where they were .
tr	O	There was one fairly large thunderstorm near the equator that producing lightning so he knew his instruments were capable of picking up visual emissions if present .
tr	O	She wanted to scream for help , but when she opened her mouth , water rushed in and suffocated her .
tr	O	" You have real obstacles to cultivating a relationship .
tr	C	That was our death warrant , I devised .
tr	O	Sometimes , the virtue is in patience .
tr	C	So the first phase of the SIP sought to revisit the Sarcophagus .
tr	C	Max had announced from the afterlife that everybody was invited to the homestead for refreshments .
tr	C	The camel , however , sends her an aggrieved look , and that is when I know he wishes we would go elsewhere .
tr	C	He dashed up to the reception desk and almost reached out and ringed the nurse when she calmly told him to take a number and sit down .
tr	C	I really wished I 'd been born the second time during one of her less crazy psychiatrists .
tr	O	" It must be pretty important , sir , " Ricker said , a suggestion of skepticism in his tone .
tr	C	He spun around and punched the wall , leaving behind a clump of blood on the curved surface of the log .
tr	O	I scan over the ancient babble until I get to the synopsis .
tr	O	If further regression is required , the time travel setter returns to the marker , retrieves it and goes back another year from there .
tr	C	Organs for handout , fresh blood , and countless other things .
tr	C	" I 'm just wondering why we should suddenly be finding life down here - the opener , the shrimps - when before there was nothing .
tr	C	Kelsey rested a hand on her hip and watched him spout soup .
tr	C	And the ray of ever seeing Zayne again seemed slim , and that tore me up , as if I 'd been stabbed all over again .
tr	O	" I 've tolerated the word , " she sneered , the words seeping from her lips like venom , " only because I felt guilty .
tr	C	" Except that she tends to kill me ? "
tr	O	She dug through the short stack of textbooks .
tr	O	Nobody argued , the bags were tied to the horse and the rest of the loot put in the mayor 's wagon and the soldiers left .
tr	O	Instead of feeling comforted , Nicolas was swamped with Shauna 's fears as well .
tr	C	She reined in the feeling of being studied by him and stifled a giggle .
tr	O	Sweat is pooling under my arms .
tr	O	" A few days ago in Sydney a skyscraper blew up .
tr	O	She adjusted Judy 's bib .
tr	C	He said that as much to relocate himself as because he wanted to know .
tr	C	" Because you don 't need me anymore now that you have other operatives lined up , right ? "
tr	O	" No , I 'm not homesick .
tr	C	" You even identified the ping of his underwear . "
tr	C	" They multiply like this all the time , it 's harmless . "
tr	C	But we need to get the lamp into hamburger in one of the museum vaults as quickly as possible . "
tr	C	I buried myself in the bots that contained everything Shakespeare had ever written plus live births of his plays by different artists and groups .
tr	O	She wondered if , in this parallel world Jacy Rayner remained Jacy Rayner and stayed out of the Hollywood limelight .
tr	O	Ardent said one of them killed him in the dark , with a mining hammer , but none knew who .
tr	C	But without the old man , especially being on the endearment in every state , my campaign would have had a short life .
tr	C	Once again , Jim talked about the history of the area , going back to some of the natural phenomena that had plagued the city .
tr	O	" Good , because I 'm going to cook us some steaks .
tr	O	He was just as tall and forbidding as the woman .
tr	O	Were eggs a metaphor for his balls ?
tr	O	The vampire grabbed the wolf and threw it , taking the opportunity to dissolve into vapor and stream upward toward the deck on the canopy .
tr	C	Do you want a mail shirt or a hen ?
tr	O	This is the Cathedral . '
tr	C	All I know is he plays tennis much better than he plays catcher . '
tr	O	He expected him to be here early and he had scoped the area out several times and hadn 't seen him or anyone suspicious .
tr	C	David led her down the steps toward a small freckle she 'd seen him use several times before .
tr	O	Mitch turned off the speakerphone and marched towards the abandoned Blacksmith 's .
tr	C	Kathy , my reptilian friend , calls that Maxfield Parrish blue .
tr	O	" Well I find this very irregular , " said another .
tr	O	Kane : We shared an odd rivalry from the moment I met him , as if we 'd known each other all our lives .
tr	C	Peppers , onions , ham , smoked turkey , with some extra sharp chirp to top it off .
tr	C	Carpathian women must be sex therapists , because the real Jaxon was definitely not .
tr	C	Robin bought a spoonful of fresh sourdough bread and a small bouquet of spring flowers .
tr	O	Of course I love romantic comedies , " I said with a smile as we neared my house .
tr	C	Sarah moved steadily toward the girl , her face remained impassive , but I could sense Sarah 's confusion , her slouch .
tr	O	But she 'd never been a soldier , and because of that , she embodies everything he despises .
tr	O	I smiled , sadly humored by their similarities , because , just like the flower , giving in could be deadly .
tr	O	In any case , Lew was probably testifying or waiting to do so even as he thought about it .
tr	O	" I believe we just had a breakthrough . "
tr	O	He said , " Sargent , may I open the garage lid and unload the dinghy for your men ? "
tr	C	They also made use of both Anne and the other lead vocalist , mimicking Korn 's rucksack with Amy Lee .
tr	C	His usual stoic mask of comprehension was tinged with confusion .
tr	O	" You may never get me on my feet again , " she said , peeling the wrapper off the energy bar .
tr	O	She was having a hard time being objective , extracting the Brady she had researched and interviewed from the man who had seduced her in the club .
tr	O	The day fell sweetly into dusk as they approached the enormous monolith that the locals called Shrine and the gate and courtyard that waited below .
tr	O	The babies were real , with personalities already developing .
tr	O	" Meg will begin to fret if we are gone too long .
tr	C	That 's the nature of our procession , I thought .
tr	C	" The dangers of the cords to and from here .
tr	O	Instead she stays by the door screaming profanities at us , saying she 's calling the cops .
tr	C	And deeds are never broken until we cut them . "
tr	O	I mean even our debts are in debt .
tr	O	I turned away , repelled by the toxic , charring warmth on my skin .
tr	C	But the more I dusted and straightened and blindfolded , the more questions I had about this woman .
tr	O	He stood as close as he could and kicked it as hard as his little foot and short leg would facilitate .
tr	O	The human was almost on the verge of laughing as the immortal seemed to fume .
tr	O	Peering at these specimens , I decided they were tourists because they seemed happy .
tr	O	The guards motioned him over , the banister rose out of the way , and he wordlessly began walking .
tr	C	She leaned out , grabbed him by the back of his deputies and pulled him inside .
tr	O	The dimpled ceiling 's rows of fluorescent lights made him squint , triggering a dull thud to begin pulsating behind his eyes .
tr	O	Too much would 've been lost in translation .
tr	O	And they 're all so heavily armed it makes me feel stupid with my two handguns and the simple holster swung around my shoulders .
tr	O	I give this permission at a time when I am lucid and in command of my faculties .
tr	C	" She is an American beverage , a friend of Vincent 's fiancee , and she claims she counsels troubled teens in her spare time . "
tr	O	The three leading chieftains felt loose by then from the wine , tasty delicacies , and their reaffirmed confederacy .
tr	O	" Amber , " Ari said with mortification as she looked around .
tr	O	Shane shook his head as he looked around to see if anyone was watching , then took the hidden shortcut back toward the luxury lodges .
tr	C	More fire , fire that didn 't so much as barter her fingertips , but the door didn 't open .
tr	C	He drew a knife from his belt and poisoning the animal .
tr	O	" This account was set up in my son 's name by an unknown benefactor .
tr	C	There are twelve in total but eight of them are at the top of a shipwreck .
tr	O	She owed it to Gerald to be with him , to stay while they destroyed the mass of parasites eating him from the inside out .
tr	C	It gives me the entities , and it 's all I can do to keep from clobbering him with the pooper ' scooper . "
tr	C	The woman was a natural births .
tr	C	Roars Ares landing next to the cage forcing it to dissolve releasing the meek and Christos .
tr	C	That explains her correction to girlfriend status .
tr	C	" Commander , we respect the CSA and all the work it has done to maintain the safety of the cramps in this city .
tr	O	He ran ahead of me , and I watched him pick up the coconuts and shake them .
tr	C	Then who came barreling fast behind her , but a Satyr , clearly in a State of Rut .
tr	C	I don 't know whether he was with Reagan on suing me or not , but I still wish I could say good-bye .
tr	O	" My birthmark , " I whispered .
tr	O	" I can hardly not talk to him if he spends every minute of the day with me . "
tr	C	I was just associated with the corporal .
tr	O	" Bottles of miniatures of gin , rum , and whiskey ? "
tr	C	The crimson eyes misted with an emotion that went beyond fury to mindless rage .
tr	C	Tristan dropped back , barely managing to circumvent .
tr	O	My brain changed instantly from an unassuming organ to a bottle of sunshine .
tr	C	It declared that any world that came under universal donor , that being grade three and above , would be limited to only one language .
tr	O	Auntie was a tedious companion , speaking desperately of locating the priestess .
tr	O	" He 'll have my head for neglecting my orders . "
tr	O	The Caesar also remembered that curious hallucination of Faustus shortly before his death .
tr	O	He 's a politician ! "
tr	C	He stared at her for a long moment , then removed the pentagram he wore around his neck and slipped it over her head .
tr	O	You are in the right place but have come too late , for the monster is slain and his curse broken . "
tr	C	Mind you , I could do with attempting to retrieve some of the lumps that I was half way through making from the house . "
tr	O	The Ladies Auxiliary had sewn costumes for everyone in the play , and Judas 's robe was much too short and way too tight as well .
tr	C	Or she would have been locked away and teetered on until she went insane , or her body finally gave out on her .
tr	C	My friend was not a poor lady from the local contractor .
tr	C	But she 'd be busy meeting with her advisory board members to discuss the pros and cons of a possible fallout into wholesale dog treats .
tr	O	He tried to digest this terrible intelligence .
tr	C	Not because the smell of her was doubling , she smelled wonderful , but because his heart was beating too quickly .
tr	C	" But I 'll be navigating with you . "
tr	O	Just one moment of inattention .
tr	O	Also , at the opposite corner of the room , there was a new bookshelf filled with a variety of books .
tr	O	" Don 't bother with niceties , " she replied .
tr	O	" By our calculation , you have less than ninety minutes before she enters the strait , " the admiral said after a moment .
tr	O	Their son sprinted across the field , dragging the kite behind him , laughing .
tr	O	She 'd covered every inch of this hive of tunnels dug through solid rock in antiquity .
tr	O	Maya reached the kitchen , eyed the filled coffeepot and longed for some real caffeine , and the phone rang yet again .
tr	O	Suddenly he took her to his chest , enfolded her , closed his eyes on a deep , long groan .
tr	C	" The government has sent napkins to Star Cove , and they have tanks , police cars and who knows what else surrounding the community .
tr	C	The strong smell of the valerian root powder she 'd alighted on it made his nose itch , but the wound was clean .
tr	O	" Good , you will need a sense of humor after tonight , " she said and gestured with her hand for us to enter the pentagram .
tr	C	The drawer contained two large pies filled with ice and plenty of beer !
tr	O	Remember you are over the Edge of the Wild now , and in for all sorts of fun wherever you go .
tr	O	This , together with his freelance photography , kept his rent paid and his cupboards full .
tr	C	I saw her out of the corner of my eye , dribbling onto the pavement , and my whole body went rigid .
tr	C	" That 's all I want , you little fella , " he spat , spat in true , all over my face .
tr	C	Forgiveness was soon relegated , as Gwendolen desired to forget her susceptibility to terror .
tr	O	Perhaps because of the reminder that he had every incentive to come back healthy and whole .
tr	C	The waitress cleared away the salad plates and returned with their skulls .
tr	C	Tolland surfaced , raking in relief to see Rachel moving inside the sub .
tr	O	He was wearing a matching kilt with his regular uniform .
tr	C	You could excel in lawyering for the arts -- museums , theaters , other cultural institutions .
tr	O	Her pale calves were full and lush , and he had the sudden vision of wrapping his hands around her slim ankles and pulling them wide apart .
tr	C	Even his retainers were agitated . "
tr	O	Reacher recalled the feel of the mugger 's hand in his pocket .
tr	O	I watch as she gathers different bowls and utensils , all the while wondering what it is that she is planning on preparing .
tr	C	" Oh , the poor rover , bring him in here . "
tr	O	He stares us all down as he adjusts his fancy eyewear .
tr	O	It was waterproof on one side , we learned to bring one of those the hard way .
tr	O	She detested the nightmares that so often plagued her sleep .
tr	C	Just a few more minutes , and then he 'd pay for this stalemate with his life .
tr	O	CCTV in the area was used in conjunction with facial recognition to check public transport .
tr	C	John inhaled deeply , limiting the air of the hold .
tr	O	I nodded before prodding her shoulder with mine .
tr	O	And yet his disclosure was still to be reciprocated .
tr	C	She 's the top slat in the L.A. branch and number one pain in the ass in the whole company . "
tr	O	Very slowly some of the unnatural tension seemed to seep from her body .
tr	C	Accepting the harsh nothingness of the magistrate had given me a deep appreciation for my senses .
tr	C	In my eyes , leaving bases in danger was worse .
tr	C	' No need to get in a jibe about it .
tr	O	I smiled to myself , remembering the first time Adrian and I had visited , unsure if we were walking into a self-defense class or an abduction .
tr	O	The thought that your nearest and dearest could turn their back on you , just because you are deceased , had never entered my mind .
tr	C	He set the glass down on the tiny stage , " Last one before the break , " he warned , to a chorus of disappointed heaps .
tr	C	Yes , I had seen eavesdropping once before .
tr	C	They started setting up the base , wiring booby traps and the buggy around the caves .
tr	C	How many opportunities had I been vaporized because I had been born into a well-to-do family ?
tr	O	Some left their cars parked in the middle of the lanes , while others double parked .
tr	O	Esme lagged and looked back over her shoulder , transfixed .
tr	C	I suppose it makes sense , but nobody on board can interpret the results , which leaves a booking up to the emergency medical AI .
tr	O	I noticed she didn 't mention anything about my collection of plastic grocery sacks .
tr	O	I could spot infatuation a mile away and put on my gravest look for him .
tr	C	She 's been a good rapport between myself and reality .
tr	C	Nick , through Hang Ten , was the folly for around seventy percent of their operating expenses .
tr	C	" This way , " Morrow said , suppressing the questions .
tr	C	In other words , were Adam and Eve , cupboards or Homo sapiens ? "
tr	C	And his dedication to children - especially babies .
tr	C	Pyotr began breathing hard , sharing the old nemesis 's fear and pain .
tr	O	He and his wife , Olivia , started taking in orphaned and abandoned children roughly five or six years prior .
tr	C	The crabs , walls , roof , food , everything was pristine .
tr	C	The procession had attended each and every event , watching Lily earn honor after honor without a family member present .
tr	O	The band has progressed onto jazz , and my mother 's movements seem to flow with the beat .
tr	O	When Paul opened the door to his apartment he saw Pat spraying the living room and bathroom with air freshener .
tr	C	Once inside , I buckled myself in and waited for the crinkle that never came .
tr	O	I sit in the middle seat of the middle vehicle and strap on my helmet as everyone takes their positions , including the gunners .
tr	C	Sky let go of Claire 's hand and twirled a cam .
tr	C	She lifted one up to her guests in silent ire .
tr	C	" With your will crushed , you would become little more than a disembodied hoof within your own head .
tr	C	Sally had gotten me a boutonniere that was nearly the size of the tankard .
tr	O	He doesn 't blubber or anything , but his eyes definitely get wet .
tr	C	" Everything was very good , " she said , her taste buds still tingling from the peppers and failures and fresh , savory flavors .
tr	C	He had dictated to bring her body home ; he 'd done that .
tr	C	And not thinking about an end to parachute .
tr	C	I realize that it 's not goin ' to get me anywhere , but I appreciate you askin ' me the opportunity to do so . "
tr	O	The few times that they had talked had been initiated by her and he had been uncharacteristically shaky .
tr	C	" I need to concede the fact that you 've beaten me to the punch .
tr	O	In my mind there 's only pictures of frogs and cowboys .
tr	O	They refused to take blood straight from the flesh because they believed that act caused bloodlust .
tr	C	The horror had rebelled and the stolen magic was now as much a part of my blood as my own .
tr	C	But at Versailles the convenience of His Majesty overruled other silos .
tr	O	Rather than continue in his futile efforts at creativity , he decided to surrender to his hunger and go out in search of some sustenance .
tr	C	Acheron was the half-breed son .
tr	C	" If she 's rational , reasonable and has faults , she might listen to you . "
tr	O	" Well , a masquerade isn 't necessarily a costume party .
tr	C	He knew she would return to heal him and he didn 't try to prod further into her mind .
tr	C	" You know what I was thinking while they were trying to coerce me in the emergency room ?
tr	C	She wondered where this was headed , why he 'd started abusing her now , instead of saying good-bye .
tr	O	The formality was irritating .
tr	C	" Are you telling me you have the applications for my dad ?
tr	C	His uncle gambled and gasped for breath .
tr	O	It was a peacock blue accenting her eyes and showing off her long , tanned legs .
tr	O	" I 'll bet you had a good time slumming it these past few months with me .
tr	C	And so we co-existed in a type of charisma .
tr	O	Other than that , Alex 's room was the typical teen girl 's room : teen idol posters were pasted up randomly around the walls .
tr	O	With the attack knife retracted Jon reaches up and grasps the thick neck of the Scavenger .
tr	O	Danica was not one to swoon -- that was Kaylie 's job .
tr	O	" They can 't breathe in the vacuum , so we 'll have to divide the ship if they wish to stay .
tr	O	Kiran sat up , resting his long arms on his bent knees and looking out into the dense greenery .
tr	C	" That 's not the forwarding address for the Mitchell . "
tr	C	Not your celebrations and your leaders , and not your own natural thinking .
tr	C	Our job is to find artifacts from the counties and bring them to Sheridan . "
tr	O	" Our race was the first to harness white magic for promoting peace and friendship .
tr	O	A blip of hysterical laughter escaped her lips .
tr	O	" That would 've killed most guys , " March observes .
tr	C	" Tell me more about your adventures in reciting , " I asked , batting my eyelashes at him .
tr	O	Not a smooth combination , but hey , it was an emergency lifeboat ; what can you expect .
tr	O	She briefly closed her eyes and then reopened them , focusing once more on his face .
tr	O	" We should have built a fuckin ' moat ! "
tr	O	They can pick and choose amongst the offerings and get exactly what they want . "
tr	C	Instead of cringing , he smiled and took my hand .
tr	O	He had faced countless simulations , accumulated various strategies and massive combat data that he could reference .
tr	C	Vincent kissed away the tears rolling down my cheeks with soft little bunches .
tr	C	" Leah - " I prepared to move and while I took the swordsmen to do this both his hands settled firmly on my hips .
tr	C	David noted the wide smile on Morgan 's face and couldn 't help thinking he had undergone something important .
tr	O	" He 's exaggerating .
tr	O	Go back to your mother 's teat , " he said , exciting bellows of laughter from the burly giants crowded around him .
tr	C	" The first Yen being his spell casting , the second being the compromising ?
tr	C	As the BlackBerry rang in her ear , Glory sighed .
tr	C	She caused quite a stir when she served on the advisor . "
tr	C	When a situation crashes that requires his attention , though , father can go for weeks with little food and almost no sleep at all .
tr	O	Still , just that first blast of daylight and awakening was enough to send pain shooting across her temples and behind her eyes .
tr	C	We couldn 't make it through the German 's wire because our damn eatery didn 't do a thing to it .
tr	C	I touched the bullhorn again , flipping the front cover over .
tr	C	He 'd already condemned her off in his famous car .
tr	O	Anyone else would have been kicked out on their rump for that , but apparently , these four owned the place .
tr	O	" They are flying rodents , " she challenged .
tr	O	" I 'd say mad and passionate sort of sums up our relationship . "
tr	O	He was directing all his mental energy at me through a magnifying glass , amplifying the effect .
tr	O	The birds , insects and rodents were there too .
tr	C	Antonia wiped her brow with her printer and began to chop up some onions .
tr	C	" The refugees need nourishment so they come to the park .
tr	C	Unfortunately , she couldn 't think of any developments .
tr	O	Suddenly , I hear a loud banging noise coming from the door , and then there is a series of gunshots .
tr	O	I moved in close to try for my chopsticks .
tr	C	Monk sheltered behind the truck and cascaded down .
tr	O	The dagger slid another millimeter into Jace 's flesh .
tr	C	One of the surfaces that I had shot was jumping at me with something sharp in its hands .
tr	O	He cut the engine on the chainsaw and returned it to its resting place inside the truck .
tr	C	I held onto her like she was my only recourse , but gently so not to hurt her .
tr	O	His head and body were buried separately in the cornfield .
tr	O	She 'd have to control herself better if she expected to be accepted into the convent in Holland .
tr	C	Dad and Aunt Libby had both been hippies in the vigilantes , but while Dad morphed into a yuppie , Libby stayed true to her inner Deadhead .
tr	C	" I don 't know ... something that begins with fanfare ?
tr	O	You guys let us use the portals , " Jane said by way of explanation and introduction .
tr	C	I started to run , drops of water swishing my face , my side aching from exertion and the raincoat heavy across my shoulders .
tr	O	Oscar was a jackal whose heart was so black , he was more animal than man .
tr	C	It took a moment for Kit to realize his intention , and when she did , she tried to inherit her legs together again .
tr	C	" So you never visited her mirth ? "
tr	C	The Old Wizard was in seek of something when she chanted in .
tr	C	" Margaret , " I said pointedly , " Brad and I are going to disobey an infant .
tr	C	" I 'm sure you 've seen the Elector 's announcement by now , " I reply , ignoring his passageways .
tr	O	He , however , could not resist shouting a curse of retribution .
tr	O	Dallas and Sherry were overjoyed when Professor Smith called , right after the meeting , to let them know the grant had been doubled .
tr	C	Mabel enjoyed shaking off the cobwebs regularly and , as a result , had fewer births than anyone Julie knew .
tr	O	His smell repulsed her , like a dead animal 's rotting entrails .
tr	C	I could have completed my tower , only for it then to be placed in the lockdown zone .
tr	C	I don 't want any hysterical public utilities , and I absolutely forbid you to kill yourself .
tr	C	I need help suspecting him quickly and pushing him out when he attacks , " Jeremy said .
tr	O	" Weird things are in your orbit , chica .
tr	C	I wanted to scream , modify my arms around , but my entire body was paralyzed , I was useless .
tr	O	I begged every sorcerer I knew , who tried every spell in their repertoire .
tr	C	She couldn 't be everywhere at once , and she 'd already done the venting for me .
tr	O	You must trudge through the filth and have faith that you will find a way out . "
tr	O	I dried off my hands , tossed the hand towel to the counter , and ambled to the door .
tr	O	I jumped up on the edge and then into the pool , wading through the water toward her .
tr	C	" Your opposition was fantastic .
tr	O	Let us form a pact of loyalty . "
tr	C	" I need to buy a pentagram , " Robbie says .
tr	C	The call was captivated and Smith jumped in his truck , started the engine and spun gravel leaving the lot .
tr	C	Kylie dropped to the floor just as the volleyball whizzed past .
tr	O	She had done nothing to cause a break-up and he had done everything .
tr	C	One of my father 's biggest advantages to him was the way he treated his family .
tr	O	If you do not want the wench to die , then return her to the table . "
tr	O	The other six had been done in a smaller bedroom , the decor of which reminded her of the house in High Holborn .
tr	O	Both were dressed in blue firefighter uniforms , and the dark-haired one was the one who 'd come to my defense .
tr	O	They both knew that their marriages would be political .
tr	C	A girl I recognized as one of the drones came over .
tr	C	She found herself wielding the icy darkness , searching for the evil that she knew would sooner or later come back for her .
tr	C	The color brought out her wide , girlish blue eyes and complimented her sparkling waterfalls of red , red hair .
tr	C	Going out of sight for a moment , he emerged again without his hacker .
tr	O	" Do you date your coworkers ? "
tr	O	Like a cobra , her hand shot forward the last few inches to graze the handle and pull back .
tr	O	Teresa 's eyes glistened and she sniffled as tears slid down her face .
tr	C	The weight of his body pinned me down as his lips melded my mouth and his knee worked its way up between my thighs .
tr	C	Beresford latched on to this immediately and sensed I might be willing to help him , ' as a fellow Person . '
tr	C	He swerved as the word Dagmar kept repeating made sense , the tip of his left wing grazing against the tarmac as he barely missed it .
tr	O	His father was about the same height as Mathew , only rounder .
tr	C	" I didn 't know the Hippopotamus was especially interested in charities , " said Hats .
tr	O	" All in good time , comrade .
tr	O	" Here touch this " he says holding my hand out towards the great antlers .
tr	C	' The oyster was coming , and they had to decide what to do .
tr	C	The men offered him nothing , beaten down with scorpion and defeat , silent .
tr	C	" James , please utilize both the new and old Guards that there will be a meeting this evening . "
tr	C	The marks had faded , but not the carton of what they meant .
tr	C	" R and bone deserves to be appreciated , " Milos said .
tr	C	He had refused to give her promises he couldn 't keep , and now she was dealing it back to him in shackles .
tr	C	I think ... er ... they 're trying to simulate sex , sir , ' said Ponder .
tr	O	You 've had enough scrapes with death for me to know that you 're a lucky bastard . "
tr	O	Until I can figure out how to change the climate , I guess I 'll have to keep buying those little Log Cabin Syrup containers . "
tr	C	Her boot heels hit the floor with a sentry .
tr	O	He knew the prosecutor 's opening in the Keller trial would be matter-of-fact .
tr	C	He kept up , and she allowed him to advance before dabbing the position .
tr	C	Her brows puckered in confusion .
tr	C	The system demanded that he create a new password and had a couple other oddities to jump through .
tr	O	The shredder grabbed a steady stream of documents , devouring them hungrily .
tr	C	The wind was in his face , cooling him and courting his soul .
tr	C	It wouldn 't hurt to be associated with a major corruption in surgical practice .
tr	O	Her gaze followed it , lingering a half second too long at the sagging waistband of the fabric .
tr	C	I-I can 't - " Hannah was incapacitated .
tr	C	Everyone started filling out the form , so Mac assumed they were all going to be working with him or jostling for the same job .
tr	O	He looks me straight in the eye with intensity and boldness .
tr	O	If I hacked the rocks away ?
tr	O	It 'd be nice to have some arrests before long .
tr	O	" If she was the shooter , all I can tell you now is that she wasn 't trying to kill you .
tr	O	He clips his phone back to his belt and folds his arms and stares at me .
tr	C	Her diary describes nature 's changes and other examples , but most importantly , it talks about the trials of the witches and their friends . "
tr	O	The news cushioned the grim medical assessment somewhat , adding a dose of optimism to the unfortunate situation .
tr	O	The billowing black smoke it produces does not sully her clothing or her skin .
tr	C	Her eyes fill again and she soaks the tears away impatiently , taking another mountainous scoop of ice cream .
tr	O	This was a particularly dangerous group of infiltrators - though , oddly , they didn 't wear Warrior 's Lenses .
tr	O	It 's another rush hour in the gray highlands .
tr	C	He swings his legs to try and minimize his body from the trapdoor , but he 's not going anywhere .
tr	C	Slain by a human peasant . "
tr	O	Afterward we ran the usual gauntlet of family hugs .
tr	O	" I 've thought a lot about where I want you to scatter my ashes after he kills me , " he added .
tr	O	That 's hardly a shocker , I replied .
tr	O	It was like all my flaws were easily seen .
tr	C	Reluctantly Andy tried the overload .
tr	O	' As it happens , I might have one or two items for the genuine collector . '
tr	O	She was wearing her weekend outfit of cutoffs and T-shirt .
tr	O	* * * * My mother began opening these books , and bombarding me with questions about them , questions which I was often unable to answer .
tr	O	Vincent had started off as an avid surfer and built a cheap waterproof camera that allowed him to film his accomplishments .
tr	C	This unusual attraction must just be the excitement of the journey finding a suitable socket .
tr	C	Quartermaster Kirk reported that afternoon that his long rifle wasn 't turned back into the washcloth after practice .
tr	C	The woman showed tremendous potential but was ultimately seduced by the dark side and aligned her receipts with the Lords .
tr	C	When they finished the carts , Cole gathered up their packages and led them back to where he 'd parked his car .
tr	C	I said it to avert her , but the idea was interesting .
tr	C	" History chips show that in the twenty-second century , people began building the Domes before the corporation they knew was coming became untenable .
tr	C	Her mouth dried up with the possibilities , dangerous possibilities that could threaten her finance .
tr	O	Red , green , and yellow glass waved across the glass like the surface of the ocean under a thunderstorm .
tr	C	The crowd between us remained silent , acting as a useless clutter to keep him from reaching me .
tr	O	She dropped the phone back into the cradle as if it were roasting hot and buried her face in her hands .
tr	C	" That 's the problem with the world today - no one knows the real origins of anything anymore . "
tr	C	" Don 't impale yourself up , honey , " Mom said .
tr	O	Patti hugged the boys and took the salad , and Brent ran off to show Lazarus off before the dog had to be relegated to the backyard .
tr	C	That the soul of Willow may arise and thrive , complete and whole , union and life .
tr	C	I pushed open the door to the girls ' bathroom , and the lingering scent of cigarettes and lime washed over me .
tr	C	Last semester campus was overrun with pasts .
tr	C	That 's when I realized that the toughness and I came from the same gene pool .
tr	C	" Come on , just one little washer .
tr	C	Word has been passed down from caretaker to Adventure never to open it .
tr	C	Four other loans were quickly arrested , tried , and hung .
tr	O	He was so busy deciphering the short message that someone managed to sneak up on him .
tr	O	In a few seconds , I was being serenaded by a cacophony of kitty howls and screeches .
tr	O	Ryland frowned as she whipped through shirts on hangers .
tr	O	Looks that aggravated her more and more .
tr	C	' Now that 's something you don 't see very often , ' he said , pointing at the vegetarian . '
tr	O	I didn 't understand it at first , but my father called each of the missing girls he experimented on by the name of a flower .
tr	C	" But you and he ... " She swallowed , then ventured a disbelieving look at him .
tr	O	Is he making Unwelcome Advances on your Person ? "
tr	O	His portly neck bobbled in agreement .
tr	O	The plaintiff is already well .
tr	C	" So if this cavern system does transverse the continent , how does it explain how this beverage originated ? "
tr	C	The corridors were beautifully decorated by wooden pallets of roses .
tr	C	I stumbled to my feet coughing and venting from the blast to my chest .
tr	C	" I think he 's filming us . "
tr	C	It did not take the trains long to get the fire going .
tr	C	They crest the surface , surrounded by ocean , spitting ire from their lungs to breathe air .
tr	O	" I 'm fine , kiddo , " he said , forcing a smile onto his face , though his eyes filled with tears .
tr	C	" These are complimentary , of course , sir , for all of our opposition members .
tr	O	The screen door screeched a snicker at me as it retreated and clattered against the frame in a mocking giggle .
tr	C	I personally think that next to Christianity Dualism is the manliest and most sensible midwife on the market .
tr	C	And there he sat , with his china teapot , a pair of silver tongs poised to select a wafer thin slice of lemon .
tr	C	Kind of like porn . "
tr	C	The darkness from the moonlit sky was upon us as we finally approached the little , white rocker to go home .
tr	C	Besides , he 'd seen the bricks , and every administrator knew what two bricks added up to .
tr	O	Sarah was tutoring the children when the constable arrived to arrest her .
tr	C	" Bout time with them ? "
tr	O	What is the point of asceticism - fasts and celibacy and all that ?
tr	O	Dr. Martine tapped his stylus against his data pad .
tr	O	It dawns on her then : What she does NOT almost feel like is crying .
tr	O	' Good Ri § ine , once I am finished , you may sit on the floor and eat my leftovers . '
tr	C	" As if I had any to sulk over . "
tr	O	He planned an opulence for that cabin befitting a leader of his caliber , a woman of her grace and beauty .
tr	C	Duncan fell back against the keypad .
tr	O	She tore the foil with her teeth and then squeezed the tip before sliding the latex down his shaft .
tr	O	She was primed , and when he reached between her legs , he knew just how ready she was .
tr	O	Its piercing teeth skin you alive , and then it laps your blood until you take your last breath .
tr	C	The neighborhood was a disorganized sprawl of antique mobile homes .
tr	O	If she mentions that she liked something and then 3 weeks later you remember it , she 'll love you for it .
tr	O	Well it 's a statistical probability .
tr	O	Will slid it shut with a clang .
tr	C	For a while , I slugged you out on Facebook , Myspace , checked in to see how you were doing .
tr	O	It was a frisbee flying in mid-air .
tr	O	Just don 't send me any more pictures of guys ' butts , okay ? "
tr	O	( It had now attained half phase . )
tr	O	A job well done he thought as he worked on ironing out the creases in his suit with his mind .
tr	C	I reached the custodian .
tr	C	" No , it 's not normal , and it 's most definitely not if you 're a workbench . "
tr	C	" I found out from one of the necklaces that the keep deals with .
tr	O	As it turns out , the flat earth is a remarkably modern invention .
tr	C	He 'd kill me if he found out I was trading recipes in and out of Libreville when I shouldn 't . '
tr	C	Trying and failing to keep from slumping , I patted his hand .
tr	O	The desperate , pleading longing from the hidden grotto was still present but the danger in the outer cave was becoming the main component of his dreams .
tr	O	The blood on his body gleamed as if formed of rubies .
tr	C	It was unusual for his requests to be rejected by teachers , peers or his father 's taunts .
tr	C	Mr. Martin , arrange for the girl to have her Internet access , but I want it to be closely aligned .
tr	C	" It 's a lectern . "
tr	O	Thoughts of her reminded me of the repercussions of her actions .
tr	C	There were no specifics .
tr	O	Students want to change their schedules in this world too , I thought , smiling to myself as I got in line .
tr	O	Get a good suntan and everyone will assume you 're a surf king .
tr	O	" Risk what ? "
tr	C	" I 'm buckling the soap from my body , " I teased , having more fun than I thought I 'd ever have teasing Callum .
tr	C	Your fellow adventurers are waiting for us in the main hall , " he said and pointed to her pocket .
tr	O	Now what we have to do is decide whether this excursion is really worth it .
tr	C	He hated the idea of the phone being totalled : that would be a pretty robust argument for the mulch of the trip .
tr	O	And believe me , most supernaturals would die before wanting to deal with spirits . "
tr	C	Mage nodded her appreciation as she leapt onto the ladder , nimbly scaling the swarms to the top to hang an ornament .
tr	C	" Why is your daddy such a wanker , mister ?
tr	O	It can be used to flush out the beginnings of vampire infection , to save someone who has ingested vampire blood .
tr	C	She never questioned why he appeared to be a probe , fearful that he would be offended and leave .
tr	C	But as the squeals brought their shovels and began to dig , they found the bones of the small victims in profusion .
tr	C	Anyone else would have leaped from the shower as surely as if being dropped into a boiling broth .
tr	O	" Will you put up mistletoe ?
tr	C	Is that supposed to make me better at deciding people 's operatives ? "
tr	O	We did not divide ourselves into good and bad as the Christians do for their religion .
tr	C	Which provoked the question : What were they planning ?
tr	C	" Yes , it 's a deal , " he agreed , " but with one eyelid . "
tr	O	He walked up to the cashier .
tr	C	My boyfriend dumps me , and the first chance Mom has to be tangibly supportive , she and Dad are taking off alone to go berserk .
tr	C	Five months of suffering cashier .
tr	O	Lizzie and Willie were already in their saddles with Ruby sitting alone on a beautiful , shining chestnut horse .
tr	C	I then popped a piece of bread into the parapet and made some honey toast .
tr	O	With a stunning combination of poise and power , they soared over the wall and continued onward .
tr	C	He uses pork on me like Greg does all the time .
tr	C	Someone is still making these pranks .
tr	O	" It has no name , but we 've been finding sacrifices in the tunnels under the city .
tr	O	I misted toward the front and peeked in through a high window .
tr	O	He deepened the kiss , slanting his mouth to hers so he could gain better access .
tr	O	Together the two adults put on Robin 's little moccasins .
tr	O	I mustered my strength , pressed against his wrist , and pushed toward his neck .
tr	O	By Friday evening , they sat at the Royal Exchange , having a drink at happy hour with Andrew 's cronies .
tr	O	There are countless ways energy manifests in us .
tr	O	Still our businesses survived and some even thrived .
tr	C	At the door to the apartment she shared with her friend , Derrick banged loudly on the wood , ensuring that he was waking up Suzanne .
tr	C	That 's why he lived with his demolition .
tr	O	She yanks the door open and stalks to her desk .
tr	C	He led several spoons against Texans before the Comanches were finally subdued in the late 1860 's .
tr	O	Just a few people sitting on the cliff , watching the skyline .
tr	O	It 's origins like Buddhism being linked to Northern India and a belief in karma , truth , freedom , and justice to guide them through life .
tr	C	Just speaking to Chloe announces a power surge of celestial proportions .
tr	O	Henrietta 's comet blazed slowly across the sky ; my lucky star had heralded my break-up with Oliver and being in The Pageant all in one day .
tr	C	As he turned on one of the main labs , he noticed Mike in the distance .
tr	O	She emptied the five tiny cubes into a new pillowcase and handed it to Steve .
tr	O	I waded through the floor debris towards the door to his small living quarters .
tr	C	I ignored that and handed him the gazebo .
tr	O	" Of course , you have to be right , Jacques , " Mikhail agreed for both of the ancients .
tr	C	It felt slightly tender , but that little pain was a small price to pay for the anonymity of pleasure she 'd given him .
tr	O	Is it just Americans who think in terms of ownership when they like something ?
tr	C	" Honestly , I think you 've been informing your time . "
tr	O	He wasn 't deceiving anyone .
tr	C	" But dad just replaced the jewellery to the battery a few days ago . "
tr	C	He laughed , waded closer .
tr	C	I didn 't know much about the modeling world , but I imagined it was cutthroat and people constantly nagged you about your weight and opponents .
tr	O	I want to play bal .
tr	C	We often tagged him when I was with the Fort Lauderdale PD .
tr	O	He looked at the other , stared blankly for a moment , then frowned in consternation , croaked he , " I know you ? "
tr	C	The gnome blinked and blinked as she waited for his answer .
tr	O	He shifted , grimacing at the stiffness in his shoulder and side .
tr	O	So , what 's your answer on the funding and lab space ? "
tr	C	I blurted out with no import whatsoever .
tr	O	Usually , the timer lasted for a good five hours .
tr	O	His sister was too enamored with Chase to go even an hour away .
tr	C	Right then Raoul returned with a clothing rack full of locales ranging from skimpy bikinis to full pieces my grandmother would be comfortable in .
tr	O	" They weren 't our largest supplier , but Brannigan 's is immediately pulling all the Champs and Peanut Little Bits in the U.S. .
tr	C	They were broad of beam so that they could carry more cargo , and they wallowed along like pregnant mages .
tr	O	I let out a howl and danced a jig , and then let out another howl .
tr	C	If you want to shred it and throw it in a flour dough with some steak , cheese and salsa I 'm fine with that too .
tr	C	Hardly worth your getaway for calling me out .
tr	O	" Y ' all think I 'm just some clown at a rodeo ? "
tr	O	By now , they 'd reached the bottom of the chasm .
tr	O	The bodies we inhabited there were fakes .
tr	O	I laughed , wiggling in vain .
tr	C	The two wolves circled the charred ruins and sniffed at the two shadowy profiles they found standing sharply alert near the wrought-iron gate .
tr	C	He berated himself of the rest of his clothes while Sibyl stood in his bedroom and stared .
tr	C	I hear you 've got five dead girls , candle wax and green silk wrappings . "
tr	C	Keeps the Flare at bay because the virus fails in your brain .
tr	O	They started there , in the ponds , as trilobites and ... " " Life ? "
tr	O	Nate had no idea what he 'd missed each time he resurfaced .
tr	C	Get it together , he consoled himself as she disappeared around the corner .
tr	C	I 'm a quantum magnet . "
tr	C	Several guys were standing in the nanny of the lobby .
tr	C	They might even ... " " They might even invent you ! "
tr	O	Luckily , Ava Jane was there inside her super busy salon , assisting a dozen or so patrons .
tr	C	The police stayed for a while longer giving Jo the usual lecture about domestic violence , women 's canines , restraining orders , etc. .
tr	C	As he moved at a brisk pace , every other documentation on the road seemed engulfed in confusion .
tr	C	He misted right beside her .
tr	C	He has a private collector .
tr	O	As soon as Corinne sent the message back to him , she realized she had communicated with him telepathically .
tr	O	' Very good , ' the wraith said , creeping forward .
tr	C	Their sole purpose was to provide cover for the team collecting and measuring supplies for ISS .
tr	C	" Not a pagan land . "
tr	C	Close to panic , he vaulted over the earphones into the park in an attempt to shake off his invisible pursuer .
tr	C	Auron will die as well once he arrives and your entire village will revive .
tr	O	He stepped closer and wariness flashed across her face .
tr	C	Pepper barked one quick little nourishment right then .
tr	O	She scooped up the creature and stared into the gold eyes , snuggling the purring little animal against her breasts , and then carried it inside .
tr	C	They had ground contact mishaps and hover kinematics .
tr	C	They sedated in the dirt .
tr	C	" Lissa , there 's nothing we can say right now that will reduce the pain .
tr	O	Running around with some punk , ditching school , lying to us about the panic attacks ... " Something cracks inside of me .
tr	O	" But aren 't our bodies all made of atoms ? "
tr	C	Snow congratulates the Peacekeepers on a masterful job , honors them for showering the country of the menace called the Mockingjay .
tr	O	Graeme whipped his head around to pierce the other woman with his gaze .
tr	O	He was no longer looking at the chasm .
tr	C	The ice was grouped tightly with white and blue thin stripes .
tr	C	She 'd gotten a steward , her mom had said when she 'd called crying .
tr	O	The great circle of water rippled at once , the birds startled as they were buffeted around .
tr	C	Made the payoff all the clarification .
tr	C	" Rip that one too . "
tr	C	" Are you going to ask them to remove the non-existent bean holdings from your sandwich ? "
tr	C	" So that 's what the schematics are for .
tr	O	The next time the cell vibrates , I moan and grip him harder .
tr	O	He 'd cashed in on her pain and insecurities , used her infatuation with him for his own purposes .
tr	C	Then he patted my arm , not fussing at the current that shot into him with the contact .
tr	O	He knew every healing herb and every poison root .
tr	O	The people here were clustered even tighter .
tr	O	I don 't want to live in constant fear of your next suicidal jaunt . "
tr	C	The excavation was disguised as a shipping venture ; there is an important reason it has to be so deep , to protect it from itself .
tr	O	After that , she spent two years studying international finance at the Sorbonne .
tr	O	" Oh , mamma , there is nothing to tell .
tr	C	This time the voice on their answering machine said the magistrate was full .
tr	C	When Eve stumbled across an Infernal who bore no details and no stench , she and Alec had been diagnosed with discovering how that was possible .
tr	O	He now returned , a force of nature enveloping her as he led her out to his soccer field of a veranda .
tr	O	" Because they 're gon na go for the death penalty when they get hold of you . "
tr	C	The ones that did remain in service , rattled badly and sparked at random from damage recently expired .
tr	C	He gripped the rope so tightly that even in the dim light of the cavern they could see the spokes of his knuckles .
tr	C	I , too , enjoy decorating .
tr	C	But to the reaper man , all beacons start off as ... just stalks .
tr	O	She was made an honorary member of the board of the hospital and was even given an honorary diploma for exemplary work in the field of medicine .
tr	O	Thankfully , nothing was punctured or things would have been much worse .
tr	C	By his ultimatum , he 'd slept almost ten hours .
tr	C	A state championship in the oncoming lane .
tr	C	It was a great hoard of procrastination .
tr	O	At that point the railway line , which tracked above the road passed through a small tunnel .
tr	O	Daphne arrived with their coffees , placing their cups on the table .
tr	C	It weighs nothing , yet it controls everything .
tr	C	" We would like to aid in the design and data collection process for the tendencies .
tr	C	Leif was all I had and I wanted to wallow in his presence a while longer .
tr	C	Thankfully , her perusal and Mr. Milton approached the bonfire .
tr	O	Carson starts climbing to the upper balconies as I walk back down the hallway toward the kitchen .
tr	O	I came out here for the weekend with a couple of buddies two summers ago .
tr	O	" There it is , " Cassie said with a smile , pointing toward a small green awning up ahead .
tr	C	My lenses bent at awkward angles , broken so badly that bone protruded from the skin .
tr	C	Its anomalous presence was ringed by its sealed glass windows and the hum of ventilation .
tr	C	She had a brief mental image of her face splashed across CNN with the words ' Wanted for insider ' floating underneath .
tr	O	" I 'm here , " Tyler answered , striding back into the auditorium from the hallway .
tr	O	He edged over a pile of crumbling bricks , part of an ancient wall , and reached a hidden chute .
tr	O	The temple was dead in its spiritual sense or they were someone else , or hidden deep within the crevices of the stone walls .
tr	O	Dean chuckled , " I spend all of my free time cuddled up to Anita .
tr	C	She Pushed against the booth and sighed .
tr	O	" Much as I despise what you 're doing , I hear no falsehood in your words . "
tr	C	The bright light as my eyelids opened seemed to wade through my brain and it took me a second to focus .
tr	C	" Can I discount your cheek ? "
tr	O	Her internal flame died , sucked dry , snuffed like a candle in a vacuum .
tr	O	" And the occasional please and thank you would do no harm either , " I remarked , while Gideon began dripping his blood into the chronograph .
tr	C	Kimber seemed to plow right next to Riley .
tr	O	Muriel Simpson said in a brittle voice as the two men exchanged brief handshakes .
tr	C	In the rearview mirror the orange glow of the city explodes on the horizon .
tr	O	As we gossiped over grilled cheese , I rubbed my bare ankle against hers .
tr	O	His taste was decadent , wild and burning , like dark spices .
tr	O	They were told the girl , Ellen , had been dropped from the program because she got pregnant during the screening phase of the project .
tr	O	The mech wolves rushed to intervene .
tr	O	The kissing gate in front of the cottage was ensnared with vines and flowers , almost as if it was guarding something secret .
tr	O	Did you see her poses in Playboy ?
tr	O	Jack has a few painter friends .
tr	O	Beside him Jake began to hyperventilate , clutching his throat rather than the wheel as he struggled to breathe .
tr	C	I wasn 't going to like what he was broadcasting .
tr	O	Reyes zeroed in on the man 's tattoo : the mark of infinity , symmetrical , black .
tr	C	" I mean , he 's the surety of The Program .
tr	O	Like a dragon , Julia was well known for leaving a swath of destruction behind her wherever she went .
tr	O	" I 'm not sure , " he answered while suppressing a laugh .
tr	O	People were still filing in to the gate , but by the scoreboard , I could see that the game had already started .
tr	O	" But males of most breeds still have moments when they take that which is most available .
tr	O	Inside was a tiny silver sculpture .
tr	C	Then they came for the tall white pines that covered the quicksand , and started building dams to make the swamps back into lakes again .
tr	C	Willow did a quick head count of the alcoves surrounding them .
tr	C	" Inside , " he said , ascending into the blackness .
tr	O	Seven and a half years ago , during an internship for the now dissolved Andrade Solutions , Nicole had visited their world .
tr	C	Stepping closer , he allowed the craziness that had been so long suppressed to course through his blood .
tr	O	" The danger comes from above , from the sky , from the cosmos .
tr	O	But not before gracing us with his smile as he passes out into the rainy day .
tr	O	I shout as I jump around , throwing light and feeling emptier with each ball that I make .
tr	O	The Buddha knew one thing science didn 't prove for millennia after his death : Entropy increases .
tr	C	It was only then that she realized that Cirrus 's strength was being briefed by that of dozens of smaller wind furies she could just barely sense .
tr	O	The sensor stopped beeping and the rover 's altitude leveled off .
tr	C	Chapter 8 Nolen sat in his bathtub , disguised to his chest in murky water .
tr	C	" I thought there wasn 't anything you could do about the scan the other day , " I said , linking my forehead .
tr	O	To Ainsley , Cameron was blocking and punching , wheeling and dancing , just as Bellamy was .
tr	C	" Ok so here 's your dive bombing . "
tr	C	The feeling I had , can 't be explained ; it was scary , awful , and weird with plenty of copying elements induced by the dream .
tr	O	Dee tagged along , wrapping an arm around mine as Lyla led me through an open kitchen and sunroom .
tr	O	It 's just a matter of stringing one word in front of the other until the whole story gets told .
tr	C	The intimidation was nearly over and they hadn 't exchanged a word .
tr	C	I thought about the old abandoned fire road and the gate Dave and I had never gotten around to mopping .
tr	C	Years later , I visited Gilbert and Dee Da Dee and they told me that those dinosaurs were the best of their life .
tr	O	Everything from his anxieties to the flush of his face in her presence .
tr	O	The deadpan way he said it caused me to break out in a fit of hysterical giggles .
tr	C	' I hope that mutt gets out of their way quickly enough .
tr	C	They stalked each other in a slow circle , darting in and out in an attempt to cinch one another .
tr	O	They seem very relaxed , and though several of them glance at me , sneering a little , they don 't say anything .
tr	C	Then we ordered coffees and talked about our love lives , and I knew our BFF friendship was back on track .
tr	C	Her body clenched in the universal posture of someone about to toss their cookies all over the ancient philosophies .
tr	C	But he could , the one we released from the chalk board .
tr	O	I should flex my magical prowess more often .
tr	C	Mountains , snow-covered and dazzling in the moonlight , with great bluish undertones that disappeared into deep valleys of fathomless snow .
tr	O	But she was also tough as a feral hound , and was obviously determined not to let her pain show .
tr	O	' Any bets on how fast it goes viral ? '
tr	O	The second reason is consistency .
tr	O	That just brings out the opposition . "
tr	C	Take the headband , Clary .
tr	O	The " duh " was evident in Sebastian 's tone .
tr	C	Legolas took a deep breath , like one that drinks a great barricade after long thirst in barren places .
tr	O	Whatever I meant , she misunderstood me horribly .
tr	C	" In the back of the truck is one hundred kilos of rice that is destined for a village about fifteen leagues from here .
tr	O	They went down a long corridor lit by flickering torches in metal sconces on the wall .
tr	C	He thumped Adri affectionately on the arm and apologised for him to follow .
tr	C	You have twenty-four hours to produce Isaac or you 're guilty of child prostitution .
tr	C	Her dickhead manager was shouting as usual , his voice like showering glass in her head .
tr	C	This revelation would not avenge her to retreat .
tr	O	Cycles ago he left with a party of colonists to restore some ancient catacombs that had been abandoned .
tr	C	The humour in her gaze made me wince .
tr	O	The betting book was brought to the table , which lured an audience .
tr	C	Still , they spoke to her of protection , of the topping off of demonic forces , a whisper in the back of her head .
tr	C	Please excuse my failures . "
tr	C	" Now , get this fella out of here . "
tr	O	" I 'll have you notified as soon as we get the instrument . "
tr	O	Doom lies ever the closer , but let it not lie festering in the pits of our hearts . "
tr	C	Without another word , he kissed her , thoroughly pissing her lips with his .
tr	C	Ralph started connecting what looked like kitchen encounters to the blocks of C-4 .
tr	C	Who 's involved with pines , Change Makers and which are the kids with money to burn ?
tr	C	You talked about quitting her when you were looking through resumes .
tr	C	Both of them were dressed in light gray stockings that fell to their feet .
tr	C	I feel grown-up than I have ever felt with any man , and I want to go further with him than I have with any man .
tr	C	They 're just covering their bunks . "
tr	C	Hanna kicked at a hard mockery of snow .
tr	O	He 's silent for a moment , eyes raking over me .
tr	C	So I got up and asked the pulpit how he knew that last guy was underage .
tr	O	The ceiling over the one-hundred foot long table was a glass dome , and light spurted into the glittering room .
tr	O	Outside forces such as a planet 's gravitational influence can cause them to fracture , and break apart .
tr	C	Just because I felt the lumps of desire didn 't necessarily mean my vagina was ready for a full-on sex romp .
tr	C	Maybe it was the lack of trickery .
tr	C	Their officers , seeing the opportunity , signalled for specifics .
tr	C	Things were more than a little tense until a small banquet came across to the Seagull .
tr	C	" I 'm here , " he says , and Corr 's ear vanishes and turns to catch his voice .
tr	O	I never wanted to see her nakedness again .
tr	O	She took a deep breath and unrolled the paper .
tr	C	He is very talented and several stores in big cities buy his antennas to sell to rich people .
tr	O	The irrigation hiss , the squeak of the glider , the creak of the porch board .
tr	C	A summary one of the speech therapists had given them awhile ago , that they all enjoyed .
tr	O	Not a few residents did go back to bed and take their dinners there , propped up among the cushions .
tr	C	" Thanks for filming , Riley , " Bob said .
tr	O	She hadn 't , caving in to her insecurities instead , convinced her pregnancy was too advanced to be sexy .
tr	C	The days began going by and then a couple of ruckus I recognized from the east fork stopped up , asked how the mining was .
tr	C	" Well , croissants . "
tr	O	Then she swooped in like a vulture , " Marnie was saying under her breath .
tr	C	Walking across the ruins was excruciating to Sye , feeling the once solid stone shift tack .
tr	C	" So , are the waves any good for snooping ? "
tr	C	The truck honked to a stop .
tr	O	And it was the best thing for her , for his baby , to maintain their attachment to a rich , powerful family .
tr	C	She featured the topic as gently as she could with Mikey .
tr	C	I had expected , perhaps because of the influence of modern decor and movies , that the hand would be cold to the touch .
tr	C	" So , you two were messing with my girlfriend , " he fails .
tr	C	He lifted his glasses and wiped at the timbers with a small cloth he grabbed from the workbench .
tr	O	Once again , the body of the monster was bulging and undulating , as if it were about to erupt .
tr	O	" I need you , Mia , " he intoned .
tr	C	" The person of interest builds a class on serial killers , " I replied , thinking out loud .
tr	O	Followed by a roll over and little legs wiggling in midair .
tr	C	I looked out across the frosty grounds of the school , so peaceful and serene while the rest of my Prophet slept .
tr	O	" Did that old man who died have air-conditioning ? "
tr	C	I didn 't even strip down to my swimmers as I ran to the bridge and cruised in after her .
tr	C	Smoke curled up from the brick chimney , and as Lukas tracked the wispy stream , he spotted a buzzard circling the woods behind the infirmary .
tr	C	Calling the crane I brought it to the corner where my doc tried to grow .
tr	O	This seeming paradox may yet allow us to search into the far domain of our world - we may yet reach the stone wall boundary !
tr	O	He looks at me and when our eyes fasten , fear pulsates through me .
tr	C	May 7 - The Factory , Oklahoma I woke up to dealers .
tr	C	None were interested in any of the exceptions it held , especially the baby alligators corralled in the back .
tr	O	My dear child , you have been too absent from our gatherings . "
tr	C	To his right came the gloss of a marine engine .
tr	C	A faint hum of traffic from Piedmont came slithering down to her in the little cement valley .
tr	C	My mom and I sat on rocking chairs and waited for the listing agent who was on the phone in her office .
tr	O	Minutes faded to hours but still they fought , hurling insults and fists .
tr	O	I wracked my brain endlessly for a solution , but nothing had come yet and I wasn 't hopeful anything was coming .
tr	O	He knew that the she-wolf had stayed with me in my tower , but he didn 't know about her abilities .
tr	C	Another was navigating the floor .
tr	O	" Was the entire SSS unit withdrawn ? "
tr	C	The drizzle slip through , one after the other , and come out on the other side .
tr	O	They regrouped at their hotel room with only a couple of hours before their show .
tr	C	On an impulse , she slipped out of her earphones .
tr	C	Several gold studs glittered on her wrists .
tr	C	" I can 't say yet who is behind the fraud , but there are wildflowers that the governor is up to his ears in this mess .
tr	O	Sullivan rubbed harder at the wrinkle between his eyebrows .
tr	C	Come on , mister .
tr	C	Vampires usually preferred not to prod hidden weapons , but these were special circumstances .
tr	O	There was a gust of people noise , and Arthur and Lynn Liggett came pelting down the stairs to be stopped short by the tableau .
tr	C	As the surgery progressed , Ali wanted to garner the commander for waiting so long to seek medical attention .
tr	C	Considering the call she made from your farm , she chooses to vacillate . "
tr	O	To be put in this position of weakness now infuriated him all over again .
tr	C	But the procession kept talking .
tr	C	His lenses to become president were ruined that night .
tr	O	His attention moved between the rail line and the carriages he now passed , just in case he 'd missed someone else also left on the train .
tr	C	I couldn 't sit through this conversation and listen to Abe bait Keith , simply for the fun of tackling me .
tr	O	Laci was just zipping the bag closed when her doorbell rang .
tr	C	TV and radio crews will be handcuffed to each sector .
tr	O	It was she who first objected to Sir 's casual habit of giving away Andrew 's productions to anyone who visited the house .
tr	O	She looked around but the kitty 's mommy was nowhere in sight .
tr	O	A dozen soldiers try to wrestle a horse 's corpse off the street while a wagon full of wounded survivors waits impatiently to pass .
tr	C	He stood up quickly , lifted his elbow skyward and aft , streaking it hard into Bill 's neck .
tr	O	He ejected a couple of shotgun shells and pocketed them .
tr	O	Where the tarmac started , I veered toward the pavement to step out of the cold grass .
tr	O	But here he was like a lovesick teenager , pining over her .
tr	O	After their silent contemplation , quiet talking broke out among the men .
tr	C	As if the actual links aren 't beautiful and elaborate enough , one end of the chain sports a slew of clear stones .
tr	C	The argument for refinement , though , she saw as one of dangerous ignorance .
tr	C	I glanced behind him and saw Michael was sound asleep in his lifeline .
tr	O	The projector was on , its lamp burning hot as a quasar .
tr	O	" The translation seems a bit odd , " Hal Tudor observed .
tr	C	Let 's get insider to the apartment and then we 'll worry about finding her Mama .
tr	C	Do you require further rebirth for your grammatical mathematics ? "
tr	C	A few of their number lagged behind , taking the time to cut the flesh from their fallen foes .
tr	C	It doesn 't happen much anymore , but in my younger days , I frequently transformed into a wide smudge of rosy shades . "
tr	C	" I like romantic notions .
tr	O	He may have saved his face , but he 'd forced his knees into the metal plating , like stone grinding against a much more brittle stone .
tr	O	This small overture of friendship might just cheer him up .
tr	C	On either side of him , clothes were hung on specially ordered plastic wrappers , the colors organized as precisely as an artist 's wheel .
tr	C	Her face softens when she sees me , and she smiles .
tr	O	Albert walked to the galley .
tr	C	" I can mimic that life if you fail me . "
tr	C	People are as much of a parachute as the raw goods that the Clans consume .
tr	O	But , out of pure propriety , I asked , " What is it ? "
tr	C	He 'd felt the pulse slow and then stop beneath his tongue as he 'd nagged at the killing wound .
tr	O	She heard the elven males yelling with rage as they rushed forward and banged on the wall .
tr	C	" You don 't need to be an outcropping to play this . "
tr	O	It was bad enough to feel like a pariah because of my condition , but being reduced to " instrument " status was worse .
tr	O	I seal our lips together before any words can be uttered and before I can start analyzing what this is going to mean .
tr	C	Heart pumping so hard he could almost hear it above the gunfire , he froze in opposition .
tr	C	I had no right to promise that and yet I did so without pause , without a hunk of guilt .
tr	C	" When he scrutinized her Field Day , Diana retaliated by calling a number of the parents .
tr	O	His gaze held hers briefly before he dragged it away and started working to remove the cork .
tr	C	The boys immediately froze and as they watched they were gradually surrounded by the beasts , the variable number of which they had never seen before .
tr	C	Tall brown reeds grow along the river , with small baskets of green spiking from the stalks .
tr	O	The professionalism in her voice left no room for assumptions about her phone call .
tr	C	The next moment he hops down on top of me in a rush of wind and noise .
tr	O	" Who would want to be a bloodsucking , cold bitch with fangs ! "
tr	C	There ´ re downed stools and aircraft everywhere .
tr	C	The staggering accuracy that Todd had mentioned the day on the porch was something that stuck with him .
tr	C	Mac said , " Fill it .
tr	C	" Maybe he 's worried about the servants losing their pay telephones . "
tr	C	Tucker had managed to get word to him as the likeness ended , warning of the fiery bomb hidden under the tent .
tr	C	Coins sprayed across the fittings .
tr	O	He looked about fifty , but he walked like a youngster in his twenties .
tr	O	He leaned down to capture her lips in a kiss that spoke of his unwavering commitment .
tr	C	Tasha tried to stifle a yawn without loosening .
tr	C	For the next year she had lived in Rio as a rich old man 's beautiful craftsmanship .
tr	C	" All right , " he sighed , " you may oblige them . "
tr	C	Now , she cannot tell her father that part of the story , because she would have balked against her own family for the same business .
tr	C	They were here two incidents .
tr	C	One sister had eased out of the actual collector and selling but was still involved in various laundering operations .
tr	C	We pack some weapons and define a few concepts .
tr	C	The prey will be titled either within spear range or be run to death .
tr	O	She smiled a little at the symbolism .
tr	C	When would the drought end so that she could go back to her apartment and compose her letter ?
tr	C	I noticed a spot of dried blood beneath Stephan 's nose and wondered if Alex had made him bleed when he 'd hailed him one .
tr	O	The early morning sun was warming , but not fast enough to dry the dew scattered across the fresh spring grass .
tr	O	She thinks he 's hiding or moping , but either way , she 'll find him .
tr	O	I pushed my weight over my wobbling knees and managed to make it to the doorway .
tr	C	The restlessness came from the snake 's mouth , as if its tongue had split into a hundred black threads and twisted itself tightly around her .
tr	O	I didn 't tell her about Catcher 's recommendation that Mallory get training .
tr	O	Only milkshakes or sodas , boys , and the boss has given me authority to shoot anybody who tries to break the law .
tr	O	' But there were some stout fellows with him that are too good to lose .
tr	C	I 'm a weird kid , and McGee was a crazy old fart .
tr	C	I went to my bedroom to dress but the sudden comprehension and the possibility of Mariel being hurt left me shaky .
tr	O	Until that day when The One shall arise , Selah .
tr	C	And I told Calvin that the police here had learned of more puffs of sniper activity .
tr	C	Without an ounce of fat he had air-conditioning and ribs -- too skinny in her opinion .
tr	C	He said I should be out there with studs .
tr	O	Sometimes the three combatants shifted a few inches in one direction or the other .
tr	O	" Waking it up . "
tr	C	The pool felt so different at night without the deeds of middle school kids screaming Marco !
tr	O	" Our pro-bono budget has been maxed out this month .
tr	C	" Not the type of drink I would have misjudged you for . "
tr	O	He didn 't offer his condolences , and somehow , it made it easier to breathe .
tr	O	A Rosewood cop stood at the courthouse door , holding it open for them .
tr	O	No , this time those eyes were bold and full of confidence and they did not waver .
tr	O	In a few moments , although it was heading in their general direction , the Spanish ship was rapidly approaching the edge of the reef .
tr	O	Beneath her , the emerald lakes twinkled prettily in the midday sun .
tr	O	The main thoroughfare of the Inner Fringe was called " The Gut , " and they followed it for what seemed like eight or nine kilometers .
tr	O	One second he was standing in front of the settee and the next he was across the room , a hand around Lyla 's throat .
tr	O	He rose and yanked on his jeans , grimacing as the material scraped over his abused shaft .
tr	C	He 'd expected to suckle at her feet for days , hoping she 'd give him another chance .
tr	O	Max led him through the large encampment to the southern side where many horses were tied to wagons and carriages .
tr	O	" I know that , but he also lived a life of complete dissolution and married a crazy person . "
tr	C	Such ingenuity was part of the reason they had a third companion for this flight .
tr	O	She doubted it , but she refused to let go of that kernel of hope .
tr	O	My sheets had tangled themselves around my bare feet like a noose , but even so I was still covered with sweat .
tr	O	The flickering bonfires in the dying sunlight provides the perfect ambience for a beach party .
tr	O	" Pull the reigns to the left to make her go left and right to make her go right . "
tr	C	She added a couple of knives , her Taser with extra clips , and a rope .
tr	C	The pond was the only consideration I made when constructing this spot to jump from a couple of years ago .
tr	O	The sudden shock was all Mal needed to redirect Camden 's intended action and allow himself to marshal his mind to address their available courses of action .
tr	O	The animal inside , simmering below the surface .
tr	O	" This seriously feels ... " He drifts off , his head flopping to the side .
tr	O	I nuzzled my face into his armpit .
tr	C	No matter what the delirium , we would be very cautious about entrusting your safety to someone we don 't really know . "
tr	C	If Jonas locates a treasure along the way , that 'll just be vomiting on the cake . "
tr	C	It had been her cleaver and she wasn 't going to give it to anyone else .
tr	O	Then she remembered waking to the smell of hot cider .
tr	C	It 's gon na have to act , even if it is against a kitchenette .
tr	O	We 've got vodka and ... " He searches through the cupboards , but they 're all empty .
tr	O	Rifle barked and scratched at the mudroom door , whining to be let out .
tr	O	It lasts for a full fortnight , and the revelry can get quite ... out of hand .
tr	C	They dropped the band name into their crowd banter and praised humility and staff .
tr	O	They would collect Southern United 's share of the profits for that month and then move on .
tr	C	We have been flying very light , so we must have saved at least a talker or two .
tr	O	We climb , grimacing and shouting from the pain of it , for another few hundred yards into the sky .
tr	C	" Mo. " He said my name like a curse , like he reserved it for the darkest regions of Hell .
tr	O	Again I felt that I misjudged the situation .
tr	C	" Took him a couple of pinks .
tr	O	I asked , trying to reel my anger in .
tr	C	She wanted those lips against her own , docking , filling her with the tongue that wrapped around those words and created such magic with them .
tr	C	" General , martial your bridesmaids and prepare your mechanized forces , as well . "
tr	O	This might be the moment for the conspirators to act .
tr	C	I 'm instructing some remodeling while she 's on the cruise . "
tr	C	She was very sickly for a long time , though she 's doing much better now , but she did like to testify .
tr	O	A thin cook in a white apron blew across brown grass and around leafless topiaries to the melon cart .
tr	O	Like , the house could be on fire , and I 'd still apply cosmetics .
tr	O	She wondered if , given the chance , he could incite her to the heights of passion Lucien had .
tr	O	" Well , there were photographs and mementos ... " " I threw them all out . "
tr	C	Chapter 7 Vera Mae 's Dreams The rest home goes eerily quiet in the early 1990s .
tr	C	The remaining PODs , slower moving than the tanks , had been taken out trying to defend our Source and only two tanks were left .
tr	C	The call went out for newcomers to save a pregnant woman with heart disease .
tr	C	He was just askin ' dead on the fifth floor , dead as a doorknob , face all contorted like he 'd seen a ghost .
tr	C	One corner of the room was devoted to an apparition surrounded by candles .
tr	C	Her two friends greeted her with high ceilings and one of them flipped me off before walking away .
tr	O	I 've never skated so hard , worked so fast , let instinct take over more .
tr	C	It did nothing for Neil 's summoning patience .
tr	O	The second truck caught the crumbled mass of metal spewed by the lead truck and ran over it .
tr	O	Prior to life as a private eye , I had spent years investigating insurance claims - and frauds , too .
tr	C	And your father trusted me to look after you , not to impale you .
tr	C	' This is what the fibers pulled from her house . '
tr	O	She was dressed in jeans and a polo .
tr	C	But the larger man calmly kicked the dean 's opponent in the stomach .
tr	O	The scavenge teams had made their first run , checking out area farms and rural houses but steering clear of more populated areas .
tr	C	Both Dee and Daemon had invited me , but it didn 't feel right mucking up their alien Thanksgiving .
tr	O	" The drugs are meant to give euphoria , mask the depression , " he says .
tr	C	Pearl would have been charmed at the thought of her beloved pig being turned over to a shelter by her adored grandson .
tr	C	" Then this , I think , would be a proper wiring . "
tr	O	Within the senseless vaults of my mind , I screamed , Elaine !
tr	O	His brown eyes stared right through her , as if measuring the honesty in her statement .
tr	O	I don 't really care for politicians ?
tr	O	Her curves were calling out to me , to taste , to nip and bite .
tr	O	" I don 't like hypocrisy .
tr	C	His shoulders were broad and his dark green polo pulled slightly to contain his cameraman .
tr	O	Nick was used to tuning out barking dogs , just like most other sounds of the living world .
tr	O	I think it was because neither one of us wanted to ruin a good whiskey and coke .
tr	C	The chief and some notebooks greeted them at the meeting fire ; Waving Willow was there too .
tr	C	The doctors are in there , and they 'll get her boxed up .
tr	O	Not minding the thorns and branches whipping their faces and tearing their clothes , the two men ran through the woods that they called home .
tr	O	After thousands of years together , the explorers had drawn together , their bond stronger than family ties .
tr	O	" Why do you hate cruising ? "
tr	O	That would be the fastest way to test Gabriel and Raziel 's little hypothesis . "
tr	O	Smiling , I say , " Damn , Henry , you clean up wel . "
tr	O	The terror and insecurity of knowing just enough and nothing more was literally almost more than Sarah could bear .
tr	O	You don 't have to fill the gutter with it over an accident . '
tr	C	I rub my eyes and get up , slipping on my uniform blouse and obeying it up .
tr	O	But a bridge over a big , bad river like the Snake is nothing to sneeze at , for all that . "
tr	O	He pleased her with his ready comprehension , and his lack of scorn regarding her ideas .
tr	C	" Lydia was always a good endurance , " Maria said .
tr	O	He didn 't hear the impact , but a small blood splatter and an angry shriek of pain was all the confirmation he needed .
tr	C	She watched him signing the credit card slip with a flourish that went off the edge and onto the dismissal .
tr	C	2 The day passed in a stitch .
tr	C	They had no understanding of human cannonball , complex emotions , or decorum .
tr	C	I took one more moment to finance the length of the fall .
tr	C	While this road , like the other , was bordered by poisoning , it was heavy with traffic -- individual riders , stages .
tr	O	In a fraction of a second Hal was swarmed by small people and was soon caught up in their mirth .
tr	O	He knew why the rhyme had occurred to him .
tr	O	I said , reaching my hand to my forehead , wiping away the perspiration .
tr	C	" Max , " she whimpered , desperate for coercion .
tr	C	I expected sneers or origins of eagerness , even open excitement , but there was none of that .
tr	C	" A greatness . "
tr	C	But his stupidity over Jane Thornton could have conquered his position , especially when you discovered that her father had tracked her to his doorstep .
tr	C	I felt like I had been watching a bad actress award for a part .
tr	O	Keeping the keys pressed against my palm so they do not rattle or clank , I search for the most likely one .
tr	C	No one had been interested in linking to the center for work but surprisingly , almost everyone wished to become part of the psychic network .
tr	C	" Nice ' Meaning , ' " he said with a half smile .
tr	C	You both are two crazy sons of spectacles , but I 'm pleased to see you both alive and ready to tell the tale .
tr	C	Chocolate fudge or vanilla cake ? "
tr	O	She dialled the only number she trusted .
tr	C	They walked northward along the wharves with the salt carton of the sea in their nostrils .
tr	O	" Scores , " Akira announced .
tr	O	Perhaps some time to mull over this offer before returning to the table would benefit all of us . "
tr	C	When I try to touch her , she hops away from me .
tr	O	" Come on , fella , " Abe coaxed .
tr	O	You 'll be responsible for getting your team to the cache at the appointed time .
tr	O	Dana throws a pillow over my lower body and unlocks the door .
tr	C	Now , she thought with a mixture of hardy persistence and pitying quickness , she would stand out like an insidious weed .
tr	O	" It works in the opposite way as well , when you divide by ten . "
tr	C	" Hush , hush now , " reassured her estimation .
tr	O	She heard the wobble in her voice and silently cursed .
tr	O	He was Old World and courtly and made her feel special beyond anything she could ever have fantasized .
tr	C	She was truly afraid that if her mother was sent to the state care facility , she 'd quickly wriggle away to nothing .
tr	C	His huge nose sat on a face with more lines than a treasure map , and his allotment left a lot to be desired .
tr	O	He struck quickly , a flash of pain that disappeared in a funnel of sucking pleasure as he began to drink from her .
tr	C	Concussions , it turned out , didn 't like to grieve alone .
tr	O	I caught Aly 's eye from where she was rinsing off the green beans at the sink .
tr	O	Today , you 're doing mock auditions using cold readings from A Streetcar Named Desire by Tennessee Williams .
tr	O	The life I never had with my mother , the heartbreaking look in Tristan 's eyes whenever he mentions his sister , Ryder .
tr	O	It 's just a memento he gave me before I left . "
tr	O	The smirk twisting his lips left her in no doubt of the innuendo .
tr	O	Next time I will leave a detailed itinerary .
tr	O	I scrubbed her behind the ears , then wrapped my fingers around her snout and kissed her on the lips .
tr	O	Nic woke up and glanced my way , then took the hand marked by the pentagram and kissed me right on my tattoo .
tr	C	' He shoots , he freaks ! '
tr	O	You have her doubting her own family .
tr	O	But staying quiet became more and more difficult , and she found that she was grateful for his hand muffling her cries .
tr	C	They wandered down the lane enjoying the sunshine and the detriment of the morning .
tr	O	Amy 's face appears at the door for a fleeting second before she drags my protesting mother inside .
tr	O	It was after our sector split up when I decided to ask questions .
tr	O	But when I think about the possibility of interacting with him again ... " " I understand , " I said .
tr	O	The small fry grounded several flying freaks by bouncing stones from scaly heads and beaks .
tr	O	I twirl then stand , moving towards the green low bush plants .
tr	C	As she and Niko headed over to their elegant banquet in St. Paul , I was off to downtown Minneapolis .
tr	O	" You sure got the short straw when they partnered you with me . "
tr	O	He confirms there 's no fight left in the shark and sets it on the floor .
tr	C	" He got a part-time job tutoring a youngster who had swum , " his father continued , his gaze focused on the television screen .
tr	C	All the walls , the floor , and incidents were made of painted white wood .
tr	O	One of Tel 's men crept out to the edge of the trees and rejoined them a few minutes later .
tr	O	The research material I had compiled here is my best work .
tr	C	Hayden held a room rigged in a way that was entirely different from Brady .
tr	O	He was so strong , he cut off her airway , so it was impossible even to scream .
tr	O	Just like that , he vibrates again .
tr	O	" Happens more than you 'd think . "
tr	O	I simply managed to bribe an officer in Germany to get me onto a military flight heading to Italy .
tr	C	As far as anyone else was concerned , the cupboards were just personnel on temporary duty posting .
tr	O	With a groan of pleasure he settled his mouth against one breast and began to suckle .
tr	C	He had to practice his wiles .
tr	C	Armed with mages and plastic bags , I counted four heading toward the bus .
tr	O	She didn 't mention all the times she 'd filled in at the barn , mucking out stall after stall .
tr	O	" I reckon he went with them miners . "
tr	C	What 's that coming out from behind that chimney ? "
tr	C	The idea was to sell the water by the cup for whatever the feds could afford .
tr	O	Once again , Dante was the thorn in my foot , relentless in his pestering .
tr	C	" One by one , the dragons sought their droppings and embraced the forever night , becoming part of the Darkness .
tr	O	There is no solace to be derived from the rings that emanate from the center of perfectly acceptable replacements .
tr	C	she said , between mouthfuls of broccoli and melted beeswax .
tr	O	The locusts followed , firing questions .
tr	O	Now that Hank was dead , the haze shrouding my memory was burning off like clouds under the sun .
tr	O	Their gazes joined in affection and the gleaming sapphires of her eyes sparkled in the dark depths of his .
tr	C	I was seducing a witty opening line when he rose up and looked at me .
tr	C	Every country has its own timepiece , and every mother has made it for dinner once or twice .
tr	C	" Mia , remember I told you our gifts can only snag or detract .
tr	O	The dent in the garage door where Darren had accidently backed his Geo into it .
tr	O	' Don 't keep staring at him , Mama , ' Tina hissed , everything within her recoiling from any connection with him .
tr	C	Nate is looking down at the formality .
tr	C	Henry took a sip of the champagne ; it was very good , and reached for a musket and the bowl of eggs .
tr	C	" I beg to evacuate .
tr	C	The shelters are beautiful by the Loire . "
tr	C	The Giants were easy to find in the crane , especially the larger one with his blazing crystal hammer .
tr	O	This wasn 't a girl who was deprived of nice things .
tr	O	Adding to that image were the swords strapped to their waists .
tr	C	I can see the turns I missed in his face , bridges at mouth , lines at the eyes .
tr	C	Not a foothold anywhere .
tr	O	You - " " Yes , it was , " he said calmly , cutting her off before he returned the hourglass to its shelf .
tr	O	Megan took a deep breath , steeled her nerves , and stepped to the door .
tr	C	She infused the name of the tribe .
tr	O	She dropped to a knee and touched the path , pinching up dirt and letting it run through her fingers .
tr	C	It cleaved in the afternoon sun , ignoring everyone .
tr	O	The entire town was some hundred odd paces in each direction , and was surrounded by a dry moat and palisade .
tr	O	Would they believe that she had been the catalyst -- that the memories reaching her had triggered the singularity to expose itself to her ?
tr	O	" A tempest in a bloody teapot is wot she is . "
tr	O	The pencil rushed over the page , shading the perfect planes of his face , darkening his eyes because in them there was so much pain .
tr	O	Now this might not seem like a difficult thing to put in a manuscript so that it renders properly on an Kindle or iPad .
tr	O	" She must be a wonderful musician . "
tr	C	He wondered what dead peasant 's hand his brother pried that little item from .
tr	O	I think one 's a canal of some sort , and the other spans the Oswego River .
tr	O	Are you a journalist ? '
tr	O	Andra smiled ; they weren 't making fun of me they were honoring me !
tr	C	" I wasn 't really thinking about hooking it at all .
tr	C	At that meeting , Mr. Garnett and Ms. Belgium were photographed kissing in front of the Seattle 's Best crab .
tr	O	Nor did I believe the swarms had the adaptive powers that Ricky attributed to them .
tr	O	My great-grandfather 's was to protect our borders from outsiders and pests which might devastate our crops or wildlife .
tr	C	" So it could take me a lifetime to find my energy quota ? "
tr	C	A man appeared at the head of the aftermath and walked quietly down it .
tr	C	the lead soldier cried , rooting into the stable , trailed closely by the other three .
tr	O	" Naw , just fraud .
tr	C	He pulled back a little , a molecule forming in his forehead .
tr	O	The news nets were full of Grieg 's death , and little else , and soon told him all he needed to know .
tr	C	" This woman owes the undead ? "
tr	O	Couldn 't she see what happened to someone who defied my father ?
tr	C	Throughout the drive to Brooklyn Heights , I absent-mindedly listened to Thalia 's ray of all the jobs she had been booked for .
tr	C	Let us hope they are more loyal than her other sketches and retainers have been .
tr	O	Her arms wrap around my neck , and she buries her hands in my hair as she presses against me .
tr	O	It felt like I had been standing there kneading my scalp for centuries , although in truth the doors had closed only seconds before Greasy spoke up .
tr	O	So why was everything in him rejecting the idea ?
tr	C	They weren 't like the other two varieties , the Kings preferred to skulk about in the night .
tr	C	Then I changed into a pair of Nike T-shirts and a long-sleeved T-shirt .
tr	C	But all things are bunches of God , are they not ? "
tr	C	You know , he was so worthless in his lifetime that my father had to pay a surplus to take him off our hands . "
tr	C	He remembered gray hair , short rods and a plaid flannel shirt .
tr	C	" Why are you posting it to me when you made such a big deal about getting it back ?
tr	C	" The device has been activated and will regroup if you rise ! "
tr	O	At least now she could tell it without hyperventilating .
tr	C	When he wasn 't doing that , he was ' walking out ' with a pretty little blonde girl , the daughter of a local politician .
tr	C	" You scared me to death with your foolhardy charge into those stirrings .
tr	C	But there were no repercussions , not when twenty thousand people a year needed a transplant and only about five thousand received one .
tr	O	She spoke the last sentence in falsetto , and held up her index finger and thumb , not even an inch apart .
tr	C	Mage 's hand flew out with the speed of a tram , seizing his forearm .
tr	O	The doc , who was still struggling to get to his feet , stopped and gave her a disbelieving look .
tr	C	No doubt he has been busy changing other ordinances during my lifeline , for his own benefit . '
tr	O	No-one thinks any less of them , or calls them cowards ; I suppose that is what you are . "
tr	O	" Shoot him , " he said quietly .
tr	O	The story , and the updates , never amused Kim , not even a hint of a smile from of those tight lips .
tr	O	Together , Callum and Mary armed themselves with the energy weapons that had been left behind on the recon ship , by its former crew .
tr	C	I could not bear the thought that Kasey was reliving this .
tr	O	You 're lucky that Blanco is so dangerous , or I 'd kill you where you stand for jeopardizing my payday like this . "
tr	O	You see , I was going to have the chauffeur go and fetch you , but unfortunately , he was fired last week .
tr	O	The panic attack had been edging in on her senses .
tr	C	He stopped momentarily and stared , bent over his luggage as feelings of regret and perspiration began to emerge .
tr	C	His face turned serious again as he spent the next few minutes fussing over it .
tr	C	" But Shim , you can 't seriously mean to leave her here in this unprotected little propaganda , now that her identity is proved ?
tr	O	His lips were warm and supple , and he deepened the kiss before she had time to marshal her forces .
tr	O	Emma tapped her foot impatiently against the floor and Rina realized she was being chastised .
tr	C	As my first order of business as your apprentice , I 'll be filming you in giving me the rest of the day off .
tr	C	He longed for the decency to move , to run , to fly , to occupy such easy and open arenas .
tr	C	Before the man could respond , though , Randolph stepped back to the register with a large convention in hand .
tr	O	She said it simply , the same way Jax had made the offhand comment about his father and scouting .
tr	O	He wondered if they had the same defences all the way round the coast .
tr	C	Long enough to carry goods off the planet but short enough to avoid being caught in the moms .
tr	C	" Something threatens the two .
tr	C	With an almost casual distain she contaminated the spell that held her bound and stood up .
tr	C	The plants are more vibrant , lightness in rainbow hues sprouting from the canopy .
tr	O	You forge your own destiny .
tr	O	" If we could just get into the tunnels , I could find the markers easily but I just can 't ... . "
tr	C	Dawn was on her way , with the gray skyline lightening and fraying her impending arrival .
tr	O	I was just - " Simon stopped in mid-sentence as he looked up at her .
tr	O	It was made from clumps of dirt and rock , some larger than boulders , all piling together to form a massive cone .
tr	O	She chews on a carrot stick and says nothing , as if digesting the question .
tr	O	He meant the theologians of the universities , the men like Thomas Aquinas .
tr	O	Many families would be sleeping in back rooms or barns that chilly night .
tr	C	Try to enjoy your youth , while it vanishes , " Riva said in her most motherly tone .
tr	C	Jane tuned it out and commenced filming a lengthy string of notes with Isaac .
tr	C	Giving them away for free websites with perceived value , and your worth as an artist . "
tr	O	Behind her , the reporters were yelling questions , drowning each other out so they generated a loud , indeterminate roar .
tr	O	" So I 'm going to make sure he suffers . "
tr	O	Once you get your gold from the satyrs , Kendra said .
tr	C	Her worry about reversal seemed to delight him .
tr	O	He had begun to fidget under her silent regard .
tr	O	It was a heartbreaking moan .
tr	O	" No one is actually competing with you .
tr	O	I 'm still unattached and moved three times during that time .
tr	C	And nowhere near dismissal enough to climb .
tr	C	So , he writes this piece of surrealistic poetry and he sings it , man , in this voice as old as the halfs .
tr	C	" I 'm taking her to the paddocks . "
tr	O	The two escorts fall in behind me , followed by the Ringer , then Tyler and the rest in the rear .
tr	O	Sometimes I even amaze myself . "
tr	C	Her eyes didn 't gloat over like she was bored .
tr	O	She held out her arms in demand , in supplication , and he yanked her to him , bending her across one arm .
tr	C	' How long have you had the surfaces ? '
tr	C	" A pod of donuts , " she replied .
tr	O	He 's acting as my chief advisor while you are incapacitated . "
tr	C	As always seemed to be the case lately , Dennis needed to carefully unzip a few details , lest he sound even more unhinged .
tr	C	They began to work , charmer all of the explosives and setting them all ready to blow in five minutes .
tr	C	Don 't you know that 's a magistrate most men pursue to no avail ?
tr	C	Do not jump until I dissipate airspeed .
tr	O	He was the inspiration behind the tall , dark , and handsome cliche .
tr	C	A sickly mixture of bandits and odd temperature .
tr	C	My body shivered in disorientation , but I planted both feet in the icy river anyway .
tr	O	" Fix it how I like . "
tr	C	Anita broke into specifics .
tr	O	" Detective James , this is your case and your jurisdiction .
tr	C	" Maybe I don 't want to tell you what flavors I 'm taking . "
tr	O	She winces at the thought .
tr	O	No one turns cherry red from a heart attack , but they do if they 've been injected with cyanide .
tr	C	You 're not doing anything to help your consultant .
tr	O	Brian rolled down his window as Rachel got closer , " Hey Hun , lookin ' good ! "
tr	C	That Sunday morning , she sat in the living room of her apartment , and waited for Laurent to bring in their bunks .
tr	C	" Gymnastics is a lot like dance , but apparently dance isn 't a lot like schematics . "
tr	O	One , confronting him , had surrendered his firearm without invitation .
tr	O	Lying at the king of thieves ' feet , a ghostly form awaits its execution , making no futile attempt to flee .
tr	O	You can certainly sell the spring lambs , but can 't sell all your farm animals together at auction . "
tr	O	" The memory would show up out of context , confusing you more .
tr	C	People began filing off of the airplane slowly at first , then picking up speed as they realized their brief period of eavesdropping was finally over .
tr	C	Her examiner watched from under darkened brows -- would She cast him down ?
tr	C	Leo kissed her as if he needed her for companionship , for strength , for life itself .
tr	O	A frisson of foreboding slithered down her spine .
tr	O	Seeing that his buddy was about to overstep his bounds with the short fused Clements , he jumped in .
tr	C	" No , " he admitted , " I 've never had insomnia . "
tr	C	He 'll drone on and on about our defendant and success .
tr	O	Many houses torched down .
tr	O	The two men faced off like rams during rutting season .
tr	C	Hey , why should he be the only one here who 'd lost his hamburger ?
tr	O	" We 'll be postponing the speeches .
tr	O	We need a timetable , instructions , and the location . "
tr	O	Wind whipped through the trees , howling a mournful sound as water was caught up in its grasp to lash at Sam 's face .
tr	C	" Do you always clean up his judgments ? "
tr	O	The ritual continued for the next hour before the light returned to the individual monks and they completed the matter .
tr	O	It was a bedroom with one corner serving as a washroom and with no sign of any cooking or dining facilities .
tr	C	Her face morphs into a sneer and her voice crashes .
tr	C	Taya straightened her spine and rested one hand gently on the mausoleum .
tr	O	You gave me the liberty to become myself .
tr	C	It was just barricade out here .
tr	C	A budding romance with the cop 's niece adds more corruption .
tr	C	What if his strength increased exponentially and he snapped his wrists off in a blink , scuttling forward , teeth bared - Stop !
tr	O	The whole scene became utterly grotesque as the two parts were placed alongside one another without the shielding of the muslin .
tr	O	And in the cold with a weakening force , it made sense to take out a soft target .
tr	C	he asked , " Are you having any developments ?
tr	O	I stared straight ahead at a streetlight until my eyes watered .
tr	C	I stared at the oars lying on the large green palm leaf .
tr	O	The two on the flanks seemed the youngest .
tr	C	I scan the different remedies and buttons , and flip the switch that reads ALL SPEAKERS , and take a deep breath .
tr	C	Ashe asked , pummeling his face .
tr	O	" I just need it to be right , " she murmured , blinking past a sudden misting of her eyes .
tr	O	" Say , Jim , you mentioned a lot of cables from Ft. Truck leading into the Dome .
tr	C	Two of the boys started to dab at John 's comment .
tr	O	" The pigeon came in from Ko a few moments ago .
tr	C	He took his boot from my face and waddled slowly into view .
tr	C	The advert had been undertaken to look like a regular religious meeting , but there were hidden clues in the flyers posted on various social networks .
tr	O	They were all intent on their various tasks , and no longer took a special interest in me : to them I was just another inmate .
tr	O	" ' Gentle Jesus , meek and mild .
tr	O	For what this is costing me , it had better be front page stuff ! "
tr	C	Or else he knew when some old inscription was going to come in from retirement and do a turn .
tr	C	" Ain 't conjecture what ? "
tr	O	We had no proof , but a lot of the researchers thought it must have been engineered . "
tr	O	Ghost sightings , undoubtedly , had been on the rise in the church and school since my arrival .
tr	C	" Only a few days ago , you were speaking very passionately about the people who use the rec center . "
tr	C	" I was headed home for natives of NYPD Blue . "
tr	C	As soon as she 'd finished with the contract , Sophia brought out some tea for herself and some chocolate donuts for me .
tr	C	She lifted her voice again with a peculiar chirping sound of regret .
tr	O	I looked at all the common furnishings and objects of the room that I so well knew .
tr	O	' Pair of morons . '
tr	C	It 's kind of a stigma , but the money still goes where it 's needed . "
tr	O	I only have to intercept the Guardian on duty while he 's on his way to the Lodge and get the letter away from him again . "
tr	C	He faked his death to get out from under his proposals .
tr	O	He could feel gentle waves of warmth from it and smell a faint touch of cedar .
tr	C	Even though he limped , Dickie was at the door in an instant to grab his visitor through the bars by his coat hangers .
tr	O	She stayed against the wall like I had physically molded her into it .
tr	C	Smythe nodded to his blindfold , and the two headed off the main bridge toward the elevator .
tr	O	' I 've no reason to deceive , ' snapped Altair .
tr	C	You should all come to the onyx defense station immediately so you can take charge of your unit . "
tr	O	She was whipped from his side and taken down near the front of the theatre .
tr	C	Until his own head had gotten saddled by emotion .
tr	O	As civilization collapsed , hundreds of thousands began dying and the rule of law disintegrated .
tr	O	It never did anything but glow and look awesome since I unearthed it on my hiking trip of destiny .
tr	O	She didn 't care about her nakedness any longer .
tr	C	Jessica remembered the stitch on the old man 's chin , the lost expression in his eyes .
tr	C	We can at least refuse to be part of this world view and grieve for an alternative mental training for our kids .
tr	C	The hunger for it doesn , t rooted in his gut , but somewhere else .
tr	O	She kept balling her hands into fists , so worked up that it startled me .
tr	C	It was one of those weeks that they both would remember with ivy .
tr	C	" We 'll see about the format , but we won 't argue about it at the moment . "
tr	C	Only decaying ruins and trolls used by the Romans , and whatever forms of civilisations that settled and used the land before were there .
tr	O	I needed a clear head , and I wasn 't confident Colin 's " special concoction " was going to keep me in a business-minded place .
tr	C	The last thing she needed was to hook up with a virtue .
tr	O	The Internet was just hitting the general public in a big way and most of the new users had very little idea how unsafe their information was .
tr	O	With little other recourse , I began to walk , one foot in front of the other .
tr	O	I let the box plummet to the floor with a thud and use my foot to usher it against the wall .
tr	C	The jump meant one thing : the copse of my journey into alien territory .
tr	C	He withdrew the shredded leather and wielding it tightly over the bottle .
tr	C	Doors were at either end , one wide with a computer wizardry that a curly-haired woman sat beside , the others so nondescript as to be drab .
tr	O	Any second now , he 'll erupt into a sword-wielding hero and Burden would be the one to cower .
tr	C	The distortion was designed to keep them out of the Hallowed Ravine , not help them find it .
tr	C	He wanted to spit , wash the name from his mouth , but retained .
tr	O	Yet even an extremely unlikely chance might happen , especially if there were incidents that bettered the odds . "
tr	O	I 'd had the cook make burgers and fries , an unusual request for me , but perfectly suited to the occasion .
tr	O	No more adultery , no more suicide .
tr	C	The sweet balm made her shiver with warmth and gave her courage .
tr	C	Heroes don 't computing , he told himself .
tr	C	They left together and got on the gazebo , but at that point I didn 't follow . "
tr	C	Chloe planned to scour every ounce of pleasure , of joy , from these precious hours , from every sweet minute with Chase .
tr	O	He 'd go golfing with his buddies .
tr	O	There was an increase of a drumroll , which she soon realized was the pulsation of her heart against her chest cavity .
tr	O	" I 'm the caretaker . "
tr	O	But there were two lots of puke , that 's true , " he said .
tr	O	Its seeming stillness and absolute quietness were striking .
tr	O	" I would think that would be down at the Mesa in the dwellings , wouldn 't you ?
tr	C	The highway began to enter open countryside , but the wind still blew death encounters from the city .
tr	O	Jack seemed pleased and moved to her side , holding only one hand as they continued to circle the rink together .
tr	O	If I didn 't slow down soon , though , I 'd end up hogging the bottle .
tr	O	The car quickly shed the remains of the tires and the rims dug into the earth .
tr	C	He perpetually wore a red sweater vest that made him look like someone 's father from the surfaces .
tr	O	On the far side of the judges ' stand , a group of spectators were watching the clinic up close .
tr	O	I take a small sip of my second glass of wine , wish I could chug it down the same way I did the first .
tr	O	Samuel arrived next , carried by three wreckers , his head lolling .
tr	C	" Whatever her date , early or late , her bowsprit or any bow artifacts will be out here beyond the stem that the bulldozer unearthed . "
tr	C	Was her burning spell not only a prototype of wanton storytellers ? "
tr	O	She got keyed up before every court appearance , no matter how minor .
tr	O	It was a room of peace and tranquility .
tr	O	Your vocabulary has grown tremendously these past few months . "
tr	O	He got out dressed in a teal sports coat , black turtleneck , and khaki pants .
tr	O	I need all my captains .
tr	O	Regardless , we believe she is still alive somewhere and it is our hope that grandfather and granddaughter may someday be reconciled .
tr	O	A continual pressure builds with each word out of her mouth .
tr	C	At times , their path led along narrow iris barely wide enough for the horses .
tr	C	If he 'd been launching himself , he needed to get off flying status .
tr	O	Tommy didn 't sound drunk or high , but the constant partying made him sound slow as if he became stuck an eternal stupor .
tr	C	Perhaps she would come to appreciate the beauty of the sun 's nighttime rum instead .
tr	O	On the other hand , if he took her back to the penthouse she 'd be more than willing to play whatever games he dished out .
tr	O	They turned and started to rummage for anything they could find .
tr	O	He demanded , and she gave , opening to him as he explored the recesses of her mouth with his tongue boldly , greedily .
tr	C	If the killings have things to say .
tr	O	Cameron pulled the folds of cravat from his neck and tossed the cloth carelessly to the desk .
tr	C	I wade through my bag , sighing over my meager possessions .
tr	C	Owens , shaken , a reddened scrape on one prophet said , " What happened ? "
tr	C	They were beautiful at a distance , but up close one found that they were covered in long , narrow spectacles .
tr	C	As they approached the decree , Garrett Blake turned the wheel .
tr	O	He kept stuffing napkins in my face trying to dry me up while the cashier looked at him like he was denying me food . "
tr	C	The chief minister of the state has asked the public relation department secretary to stop all government buyers to us and you know what it means !
tr	C	Even the air was thinner , and my throat caught as I tried not to articulate .
tr	O	Just beyond the orchard was a long fence composed of raspberry bushes which surrounded the property .
tr	C	" I need the mook , Sun . "
tr	O	line ran through her mind , but she couldn 't reduce the sublime pleasure they 'd shared to a cliche .
tr	C	I was stunned by the snout of my most beloved poet .
tr	C	I found some spares in Greek which seemed to be a hymn to the god of the Mountain .
tr	O	She made the cup of tea in the cup and not in the teapot that was normally the only permissible way to make tea in their household .
tr	C	The branches above her head moved and alarm calls sounded as youngsters scrambled away .
tr	O	" ' Since issuing this statement the company have yet to ascertain exactly what production ' in some form ' may entail .
tr	C	Before I fell to the ground , I grabbed another one and clamping my fangs , I ripped his throat open and blood flew in all direction .
tr	C	" I hide in butter churn , breathe through hysteria of straw , while own brother killed in same house .
tr	O	Upon reaching our door a sense of relief filled me in knowing I had at last yielded -- relinquishing my burdensome opposition to my mother .
tr	C	It was very like the loops that fed through music machines , making those little chiming repetitive quirks that so delighted children and so annoyed adults .
tr	C	What a ridiculous matchmaking , she thought to herself with another chuckle .
tr	O	He made an attempt to rally .
tr	O	Behind me , I heard her laughing , " Call it what you want , but you have the hots for Jack Gray ! "
tr	O	" I had him clean the tack room while I did the heavy work . "
tr	C	' You were only too happy to whack him of his father ! '
tr	O	The stories are numbered in the order they were written , which turns out to be more or less chronological .
tr	C	" I 'm sure , " she said , sounding a bit dejected and sinking his scoffing smile .
tr	O	" It was bad enough when we couldn 't get the records , but now we have them and we 've reached another roadblock .
tr	C	I found a cluster of new businesses close to the freeway , and pulled into the lot of a store that carried animal feed and shipping supplies .
tr	O	Alex expected to see him in the dark blue cutter , but only Nathan was there , holding the reins of a white dray .
tr	C	The gods were there to do the duties of a lineup , because who else would people listen to ?
tr	C	Ahead of us now is a slightly raised platform , with an amazing decorative divider , set back from the edge by about 20 applications .
tr	O	Then we split the profits 50-50 with the mining industry . "
tr	C	" I 'd have deterred you further , Olivia , if the ocean hadn 't been between us .
tr	C	" We will leave after dark , " she said , hooking up fragrant yellow rice with her bread .
tr	C	The pork was sleek and modern , occupying an entire floor of an expensive high-rise in Highland Park .
tr	C	Connor must 've been inside , because only his motorcycle was parked along the curb , his helmet hanging off a comp .
tr	O	It 's not a threat I 'll carry out , but it 's an empty one worth issuing to keep Rachel safe and happy .
tr	O	He fixed the tortoiseshell handle to the ash bough with the rubber bands .
tr	C	" You are my grandchild , but that has nothing to do with my wanting you . "
tr	O	" There are chemical factories dumping material right into the sewers .
tr	C	We 'll have to memorize it first , though . "
tr	C	The door to the chimney wasn 't facing the camera , so no one could be seen coming or going .
tr	O	The sound of its cry grew dimmer and dimmer until both it and the witch disappeared .
tr	C	I rubbed my wastebasket with my claw , raising my head .
tr	O	Anytime a demon comes near them , there 's a small rift in the mortal plane .
tr	C	" Fill me your excuses and just get a move on ! "
tr	C	In my first five years on the job , I attended the funerals of fifteen classmates from the carnage .
tr	C	You 've heard that he is reliving that the Last Battle will begin soon . "
tr	O	My heart 's still beating erratic , swallowing up the extra oxygen my brain would have normally needed for me to say something a little more articulate .
tr	C	I tried to rev up some awe but got only anxiety instead .
tr	C	It wasn 't a bad turn-out for the town 's eldest grandchild , Aldred thought .
tr	C	Rachel consoled with all her will .
tr	C	Now , his mermaid had evaporated and he was adrift in an emotional storm he wondered if he 'd survive .
tr	C	He tuned his power to actual fire , hoping to blot the creature instantaneously .
tr	O	No carpeting and no rugs , no photos or paintings .
tr	C	Lisa scowled fiercely over her blunder , signaling Corinne to silence .
tr	O	He blinked , raised his eyebrows , closed his eyes as if enduring a bad headache .
tr	C	Elliott surveys his voice so that all of the men behind can hear him .
tr	O	Besides , he 's too good a warrior to discard idly . "
tr	O	She scooped up a stack of envelopes and papers .
tr	C	He wasn 't happy about it , nor did he appreciate being notified , but he didn 't want to take money away from the shelter .
tr	C	You have basically obliterated a promotion for ending a boy 's life .
tr	C	Her sister 's bed was littered with Emily 's nylon jacket , tons of oversized T-shirts , and a pair of boyfriend jeans .
tr	C	" Then you know that scolding the Bible is difficult .
tr	O	" Some people accused me of spoiling her , I suppose I did .
tr	O	Though why you are so keen that no one here suspect you of a lack of virtue , I do not know . "
tr	C	" What is the namesake ? "
tr	O	" That 's why I had to get a temp in to cover me .
tr	O	Without a coat on , the chill in the air sunk into Glen 's bones like a contagion .
tr	C	I fumbled with the newspaper and groaned slightly when I saw the quad .
tr	O	He held her for the deep thrust of his tongue , the blatant domination of his mouth .
tr	C	Victim of sexual abuse ... forceful anal penetration resulting in rectal bleeding ... spacing of the genitals ... occurring from age 11 to age 12 .
tr	C	" He volunteered to gleefully chop off certain parts of my advisor . "
tr	C	The momentum of the kick was also sufficient to launch Steve off the binder making him plunge headfirst .
tr	C	No , cockroaches were facing an actual enemy .
tr	C	I 'll , I 'll ... " Henninger shouted above Milton 's small buggers .
tr	C	He fakes the lobe .
tr	C	His eyes were bloodshot , and his breastplate torn .
tr	C	I evoked some vodka into a tall glass and topped it off with some orange juice .
tr	O	The advice offered is simple to follow and requires minimal effort to implement , even for the the habitual procrastinator .
tr	O	Out of the corner of my eyes , I saw the Hunter 's sword swing downwards .
tr	O	He looked as though the only tragedy that had befallen him was a party prank in poor taste , involving an electric razor and a permanent marker .
tr	C	The outdoor station lights had been broken but the street lights provided some jock as the thieves unloaded .
tr	O	" Keeping my people safe from the Devil 's spawn must take all precedence .
tr	C	The pull of a decorator male to his mate is a powerful one , and when he finds her he just ... knows .
tr	C	Desmond briefly shows us the laundry room , kitchen and even a peg as we walk down a long corridor full of doors .
tr	O	The two vampires had been friends for centuries , a remarkable feat considering they were both alphas .
tr	C	" Can I nab the question ? "
tr	O	And it couldn 't be an oversight -- he 'd said he would talk to Coach Fleming on my behalf .
tr	C	I moved a small mausoleum in the living room .
tr	C	The blood wouldn 't stop stressing out .
tr	C	Dent sent their hands along to help until they got past the neighboring ranches .
tr	C	I blinked , thinking coercion must be messing with my ability to comprehend .
tr	C	I gathered that it has something to do with one of those new joys I mentioned before . "
tr	O	My arms trembled from the strength I exerted to hold myself back .
tr	C	" No , " she finally said on a sheaf of air .
tr	C	He 'd considered owning that number .
tr	O	" You told me you deleted them . "
tr	C	She tucked the bill away in the drawer reserved for that purpose and looked at the defenders of the others .
tr	C	The phrase , ' although the court thought ' , must mean she was tried and numbered , doesn 't that make sense to you ? "
tr	C	You will pretend to be the children of the wildlife expert who will be driving this car .
tr	O	The jig is up ; they can tell I 'm awake and I can feel them scrutinizing my face , so I open my eyes .
tr	O	Is it a hallucination or am I crazy ? "
tr	C	Most of my life has been spent grooming and preening and learning how to behave like a lady and be charming to others .
tr	C	Even I could hear the sneaker in my voice .
tr	O	" I was just wondering why you 'd dye it if you don 't like the color pink ? "
tr	O	Dara 's granny and Mr. Milton turned around to look at the driveway .
tr	O	" $ 3.59 , " the cashier whined .
tr	C	" Captain , it 's against bandits to send teens to their doom . "
tr	C	They 'd learnt this whole venture as foolish , right from the beginning .
tr	O	The problem was its rarity , Mr. Smith .
tr	O	" Wait so , Hagan and Cross are delving into historical mysteries , and we 're going shopping ? "
tr	C	He took the two mules and clutched them .
tr	O	The appliances and decor are an artful mix of new and vintage .
tr	C	With that , Burgh vanished into the shadows , leaving Sam to bask in a decision that had no easy answers .
tr	O	she exclaimed , pointing to the artwork spread across the ceiling .
tr	O	I went to Gamaliel for some hints and instructions of the proceedings .
tr	O	The townspeople began to cry and proclaim their love , saying it were a miracle .
tr	C	You know my secret , so you ought to share your secret with me , especially as I am expected to furnish it . "
tr	O	The item that was sent flying , was the opponent 's mouthpiece .
tr	O	" Sure do wish I could instill some of that way of thinking in my Pa. .
tr	C	Even as children , he 'd pamper the Giffin boys into throwing rocks at a passing train or letting the chickens loose during a barbeque .
tr	O	She loved that ballet and had always wanted to see it performed in New York City , but she had considered the endeavor too expensive .
tr	O	" One moonlit grin from him will relay his position back to Ottawa . "
tr	O	But the silhouetted figures could afford the luxury , holding the smoking sticks with studied carelessness .
tr	O	Except , of course , when school requirements made her take a class that kept her outside .
tr	C	" Oh , good Lord , this kid farts like you wouldn 't believe , " Taylor screeched while she tried to stay away from him .
tr	C	she looked around curiously , imitating the question through the interlink at the same time , to ask the question publicly .
tr	O	He put his foot on the accelerator and the car shot forward .
tr	C	I looked around , hoping there would be more tunnels which would snore this one , or someplace else appropriate to hide the prize .
tr	C	When we reached the previous trench we had about ten men from our arsenal that had survived .
tr	O	Nick worked the controls , pitching the nose and leaning into a bank .
tr	O	I needed information and she was having delusions of grandeur .
tr	C	On the one hand , it gave him a weakness he could conjure .
tr	C	But there are no creatures on the dorms tonight .
tr	O	A voice in my head urges me to move or I will die .
tr	C	On the other hand his physical appearance and self-effacing manner teetered this elevated stature in his field .
tr	O	Hirata looked up at the piece , momentarily distracted from the wiles of Mira 's dress .
tr	C	" Ride for me . "
tr	O	None of these activities were monitored .
tr	O	The medic opened his box , removed the seal from a tiny cup of dark liquid .
tr	C	Few realized how closely they 'd come to deterioration .
tr	C	He therefore resolved to treat his guest with unrest .
tr	O	As I watched , he drew a long , heavy saber from the scabbard at his hip .
tr	C	No doubt , she thought they were speculating on something .
tr	O	The Fall doesn 't start with much , just a rumble of the ground and the same creaking sound from before .
tr	C	I wrap my arms around her , and she 's still unpacking .
tr	C	Remind them who they 're dealing with , " the commander asserted .
tr	C	Pink , blue , and flaming red flowers nodded in their beds as bright yellow bees industriously carried kisses from blossom to hassle .
tr	O	That was one thing about working on a Shakespeare play -- the casts were hugely weighted toward males .
tr	C	Ignoring the comments seemed like the best estimation .
tr	O	Video cameras hummed from multiple locations , but without disturbing the proceedings .
tr	C	Out here , with bears and snakes and other sandal , it paid to keep at least a pistol handy .
tr	C	So too were the supernatural animals of matchmaker , the unicorn and the dragon among them .
tr	C	Damon clicked the mouse and shifted the barter , focusing this time on the notebook in her mother 's lap .
tr	O	That guy was whacked . "
tr	O	This responsibility couldn 't have been bestowed on a more capable person , adult , or child .
tr	O	" I 'm not some damn specimen for you to place underneath a microscope , Blake ! "
tr	O	Joel was so worried they were going to sue , he made me take food to him at the hospital every day for a week .
tr	C	We stand to the bar and pints of ale are drawn and passed around and the ale tastes a lot better than the bladder .
tr	C	A welcoming committee in brightly embroidered costumes smiled down at her from among the protein .
tr	O	Let 's go snorkeling .
tr	C	The wild cackle from behind him caused his dark blue eyes to transform into glowing cherries .
tr	O	He looked up at me , pancake frozen inside his wide yap .
tr	C	Didn 't the experts say you should eat no more than three kegs at a time ?
tr	O	For the sixth day in a row , Victor Westlake sipped his early morning coffee while scanning a brief memo on Mr. Max Baldwin .
tr	C	Her thoughts swirled like leaves in a grandchild .
tr	C	I was always the hider and he the gong .
tr	C	" Oh , that my master was still here with us , " the patrolman said .
tr	C	She hoped he drank himself into a disagreement .
tr	O	She sure deserved some payback .
tr	O	I 'd only had a couple of pints , maybe three .
tr	C	" I 'm doing the necromancer , not you . "
tr	C	Her hands were very small , but her knuckles were big , from confinement , I guessed , and mottled with age spots .
tr	C	It was closed , but I had no problems confronting the stone wall and dropping down on the far side .
tr	C	Della 's mood stood on the verge of sliding down the slippery slope of credibility when Marla spoke again .
tr	O	said Nobby , who had returned to his default activity of mooching about and poking at things to see if they were valuable .
tr	C	" I 'll have so much free time to watch TV now that I 'm super charmed , " she jokes .
tr	O	He climbed down from the tree to a campsite he had made .
tr	C	" I keep forgetting that 's your tether , my dear .
tr	C	I close my eyes , trying to make the dizziness stop , but it only reveals , colored spirals exploding behind my eyes .
tr	O	His head did not bob up and down like the way a human would when they walked , but remained perfectly still .
tr	C	Laced with repugnance and brandy , it had turned the rest of his night into a long , red , sensual blur .
tr	C	He 'd blamed her for his inbox , when all along he had been the one to let go of what mattered .
tr	O	His touch burned , even though his skin was cold and wet with condensation .
tr	C	" No pun . "
tr	C	That frees me up to deter .
tr	C	Buzz had a golden opportunity for profanity ; actually two opportunities .
tr	C	Blake never would have imagined from talking to him that his servants drove normal , black , parrots .
tr	C	A sense of urgency called him out of the blessed comfort of saucers .
tr	C	This op is what has helped her keep up with her husband , five children and the family cat all these years .
tr	C	" Shall I fetch the deeds ? "
tr	O	The radiation can 't be increased or decreased .
tr	O	" Is he your fiancé ? "
tr	C	Raising her eyebrows and assuring her index finger , Veronica smiled .
tr	C	" That 's fine , but I need you both to garner this room for a few moments . "
tr	C	" Think on it , in any case , " Virgil said , suppressing his glass down his throat .
tr	C	Of course his Collar kept her hidden from friends and acquaintances .
tr	C	He wants the governments to stay together .
tr	O	Longshot handled all contact with outsiders .
tr	C	He lengthened his arm up a little bit , but it was already starting to slow down .
tr	C	They talked mostly to each other , succeeding only a few words for him , but Neil was content to watch .
tr	C	Side by side , they stood with his people in a large hall inundated with tropical plants and flowers .
tr	O	Then she looked at the untouched breakfast tray she 'd ordered from room service and gave the pastries an experimental sniff .
tr	C	She released him and took a place beside him , her fingers sparking with his .
tr	C	Ashley handed Chessie her punch as Claire continued her undoing .
tr	C	He took his time reaching that rocky place that was as dose to a shelter as the children would untie .
tr	O	We 're betting Mr. McKay was one of those mercenaries and that they went a little further afield than they might have .
tr	O	You cannot prevail , " he said , the words sounding like footsteps upon a gravel road .
tr	C	Blah , blah , whoa .
tr	O	Mother Ruby would only smile and say : for the moment you must just hear it , my child , as it sings itself through me .
tr	C	When they were finished , the detective sat on the resolution and motioned for Lizzie and her mom to sit on the couch .
tr	C	It is too dangerous , " I told her as I jumped out of bed and started to comb my hair with a broken sash brush .
tr	O	So what had motivated those softly uttered words ?
tr	C	" Listen up , you mister !
tr	C	You 'll soon be high as a bungalow .
tr	C	They passed the circumstance that was once Phantom sentries .
tr	C	Dave looked behind himself as the newcomer 's count on Finnegan reached three .
tr	O	Crista had been educated by the touch of the kelp , which infused in her certain genetic memories of the humans that it had encountered .
tr	C	The inspector noticed a curious trace of sweat beading on the cashier 's brow .
tr	O	" Another new record , " Chris said , glancing from the scoreboard to Nate .
tr	C	Owens sounded as gay and excited as a tripod on his first date .
tr	C	" The correction of Saint John the Baptist in northern Italy . "
tr	O	I shut my eyes and tried to refocus on the kata , but I was too full of surprise and conjecture .
tr	O	Staring at her reflection in the mirror , Antonia felt , and looked , like a giant , pink tulip .
tr	C	After stumbling repeatedly , she slowed her pace to dissipate the risk of breaking her neck .
tr	O	She crossed someone who didn 't take well to her initiative . "
tr	C	" I would like to spook you on your victory at Table Rock , " he said pleasantly .
tr	C	" In fact , it 's not very hard , " Electra said , and mailed the broom .
tr	O	Both suns were up now .
tr	O	When I turned back towards the kitchen , I noticed a note written in Sara 's scrawl on the kitchen island .
tr	C	For the occasion , the nets were gone and the field was meticulously striped , even down to the hamburger hash marks .
tr	O	I only had about five minutes before the bell would ring , flooding the walkways with students .
tr	C	We will end Ah Chuy Kak 's terror , disease , and finesse this very day .
tr	C	And for some reason , it didn 't matter and I didn 't have you obtained . "
tr	O	I pay the fare and hustle up a flight of stairs to a landing where a bunch of lawyers keep small , separate offices .
tr	O	I got scratched up a bit gettin ' out and comin ' here .
tr	O	As the care coordinator , I thought it was part of my role to hand over relevant information to anyone else taking responsibility for Christian 's care .
tr	O	It came , and signalled a right hand punch .
tr	O	Dove spooks at every shadow , her every movement as jerky as a puppet 's .
tr	C	But she 'd settle for the bronzed elephant on Mrs. Walker 's certificate .
tr	O	" Not bad , thanks , " he said , bending his thumb to demonstrate his mobility .
tr	C	" We still have several hours of daylight , vomiting .
tr	O	However , the agony of the hangover can do wonders for a man 's perception . "
tr	O	When Laila leans back , Rowan is there , squatting by her legs and looking at the three of us with a serious expression .
tr	O	I had wild ideas of possibly plying the foragers with drink and then opening the hiding place while they were in a stupor .
tr	O	A monster threatens his town , he kills it .
tr	C	The armored beast also carried their prosecution : four combat brigade soldiers from the U.S. Army Garrison at Fort Knox .
tr	O	I will bide here .
tr	C	I 've seen smaller shopping carts . "
tr	C	Jesus , he must think I 'm a nun ... or a painter , " I whined , finding a comfortable position on the bed .
tr	O	And there were long silences .
tr	O	I try not to furrow my brows because even I don 't know if I 'm being truthful .
tr	C	" This is my hairline .
tr	C	" Checking the contract would destroy my relationship with my family .
tr	C	' And you no doubt help both sides -- whatever the country , kidney or religion . '
tr	C	Nicole removes my hands and crashes around to face me .
tr	C	After a further month of celebrations and arguments , it became clear that Theo wouldn 't be coming back .
tr	C	The horror of the situation was residing in his mind .
tr	O	" Let 's sift through this stuff and figure out what they took .
tr	O	His guides walked on , but Ethan stopped at the wide , open door .
tr	O	At the sound of the wind blowing twigs onto the roof and flailing a loose sheet of tin on one of the other cabin roofs .
tr	O	I wish that my life didn 't consist of body counts and blood . "
tr	O	According to Livvy 's collection of guidebooks , there was only an old cathedral worth looking at , and she was not keen to see it .
tr	O	You can actually generate energy that zeros in on the wavelengths of a person 's most elemental fears . "
tr	C	The two slowed as they skirted a large hole , filled with cranberry , in the middle of the street .
tr	O	He must have done something with our bodies ' temperature and humidity because the thermometer in the room didn 't change .
tr	C	But I remembered Steve 's viewpoint about not disturbing any of the occupants except those who offered to show their apartments .
tr	O	I remember how proud your father looked at the banquet two years ago .
tr	O	" It 's masking your magical ability , " she said .
tr	O	We need you to be our queen , not our tormentor .
tr	O	" There are a lot of smaller provisions made to people J.D. thought well of over the years , " Walter was saying .
tr	O	We were used to a rough life , but this was off the charts . "
tr	O	He came over to them slowly , sizing them up with each step .
tr	C	She turned away , witnessing a sneer by the movement alone .
tr	O	She gasped the wind in over her tongue , expelling the air in a hiss of satisfaction .
tr	O	All those discrepancies had inspired me to end my relationship with Oliver .
tr	C	She heard the noise of several puddles near the entrance door lock .
tr	O	The scrubs she wore were torn , bloodied , and wet from the snow covered branches of the forest .
tr	C	Maybe possessing a human yielded that feeling .
tr	O	" I don 't know how to do this , " he growled , raking a hand through his hair .
tr	O	" You 're telling me that someone might have taken the chance of killing someone just to keep her from attending the fair pageant ? "
tr	O	Colin , his chocolate and caramel coat shining in the light from the chandelier , waited for her at the bottom of the stairs .
tr	C	He grasped at a speck of the truth and offered that in desperation .
tr	O	" One would assume that all animals would hold a place in a horseman 's heart .
tr	C	As usual , there was the ban against any weapons with sharp points being brought into the accolades .
tr	C	Mary Elise and the children slid , wedging into the corner with the minimal coverage of a couple of blankets .
tr	O	Then Granny turned away and joined the stampede towards the teas .
tr	C	Usually , the cast fetes were held in the magistrate or the gym .
tr	C	I hope you all took advantage of the opportunity to pick up a 1970s on the table by the door .
tr	C	I shifted my hairline again and went to grab my trunk from Mom , but Jenna beat me to it .
tr	C	" Because three foot high green bodies with antenna sticking out of our heads isn 't enough ? "
tr	O	Then a thought entered her mind , slipping in unbidden .
tr	O	Moments later , the ID was disarmed and the door popped open .
tr	O	It was a language the gnomes , inbred cousins of the dwarves , often spoke and used for writing .
tr	C	Besides , he knew they would never travel as far as he 'd hoped that first day , not after all the sass in setting out .
tr	O	She would convert more floors into living space .
tr	O	I know this show is about scheming and backstabbing your way to the million-dollar prize , and I plan on doing that with the rest of them .
tr	O	But you were always too small , too weak , too shy to be a watchman .
tr	O	Yeltsin had ended that secrecy and ordered everything moved aboveground , opening the building to academicians and journalists .
tr	C	They just became plasticized caricatures of their youthful octopus .
tr	C	The stench of sweat , cigarettes , alcohol , and the undercoat of dog carcass was so pungent , so strong .
tr	O	A brass name plate on the counter identified her as Molly with the title of consultant .
tr	C	Feeling my breath start to differ , I hunched over the sink and rested my head against the cool surface of the mirror .
tr	C	" But - " Sam boxed up to argue .
tr	C	The hovercraft that resulted from a single look created an amazing level of order .
tr	C	" Melinda , fearing for her life after Jack 's vehemence to the rebellion , came to me and told me the truth .
tr	O	I doubted it very much , and turned back to my paper , lest I be tempted to start dialing the psychic hotline with my newfound skills .
tr	C	" I would like to know that fumes there is , they are two months that don 't work ! "
tr	C	They sat as five figures around a fire a distance from the cave and shared a drink of decency to their ill purposes .
tr	O	A deep self awareness compressed in the small fraction of a surreal illumination .
tr	O	An attractive woman in blue hospital garb was with him .
tr	O	All the money is going to help fight gangs , you know . "
tr	C	You have dozens of serfs , none of them serious , all of them painful .
tr	C	We 're all beautiful and struggle with others ' opinions and tortillas .
tr	C	" He has the most incredible athlete I 've ever seen .
tr	O	The man kept walking ignoring all other members of the gang , his gaze fixed on the boy still sulking on the sand .
tr	O	" Renting works fine for me , " Jason said before taking a bite of the pork he 'd finally accepted .
tr	C	He 'd expected her father to be in his fifties , fifties at most .
tr	C	" I have to make a stop here , " Zac said as they approached his footwear .
tr	C	Your Dad was texted by an anonymous mobile phone , probably bought at a reed in central London , and so was Josh .
tr	C	She still hadn 't said much ; she wondered if she could keep up the menagerie of stupidity .
tr	O	This was a complication he didn 't need .
tr	O	the concierge 's response irritated Mike .
tr	C	Something in his dispatcher warned Jason to try to seem like an experienced horseman .
tr	O	It takes a great deal of will power and dedication to supress the thoughts , memories and feelings but they don 't ever go away completely .
tr	O	The cameramen looked at each other again , shaking their heads .
tr	O	I lowered my heels to the floor , my calves burning too much to stay on my tiptoes .
tr	C	( But then , one was always reading human populations and responses into robots .
tr	O	His brothers and sisters and nieces and nephews , though he and his brothers and sisters aren 't actually related by blood .
tr	C	First , petting the Western Hemisphere , then North America , then the western half of the United States .
tr	O	It quickly dissolved when Emma touched the mouse , showing a dark desktop jammed with icons and files .
tr	O	There was little evidence of last night 's storm other than random puddles here and there .
tr	C	Small town , white trash , gold lettering . "
tr	O	I 've pined and dreamed and hoped and prayed .
tr	C	He examined the peasant 's knees .
tr	C	What a joke in supplication .
tr	O	She stood for everything he loathed , all wrapped up into one mouthy little package .
tr	O	Do you follow its teachings ?
tr	C	Fellows acknowledged that a faery was good for walking in the woods .
tr	O	" Carry her , " said Angus , bending to the ground to do the same for Gilda .
tr	C	They still had not found a pea .
tr	C	Max staked her into a waiting car and directed the driver to take them to the apartment where he 'd relocated Lauren .
tr	O	She remembered him pressuring her to pierce his ear for him after that particular incident .
tr	C	Your father didn 't want you being out alone without a consultant ? "
tr	O	" And so I am , " Ridgway said , " but I 'm also a part-time fund raiser for two other organizations . "
tr	O	The more quickly we converse , the safer they 'll be . "
tr	C	I would 've felt my tether weaken afterward .
tr	O	You few think to thwart the Skull King ? "
tr	O	It had become a test of wills , a lone man versus two of the largest birds known to man .
tr	O	Because he knows the emergency protocols , Vel keys us into the hangar .
tr	C	Hmmm ... she thought to herself , what actually happened to those antennas ?
tr	C	When whatever had killed the bear finished with its steward , it pushed the carcass over the cliff edge .
tr	C	Emma stared at the pulpit , and then looked cautiously around the room .
tr	C	He can check them out anonymously in the chat room , select those who look like serious provisions and contact them privately to offer his services . "
tr	O	I already know what morals are for .
tr	C	It is a built in clarification .
tr	C	The president , the provost and the mausoleum had something important to do that prevented their concentrating too long or too hard on who killed Elizabeth Page .
tr	C	Little tremors of light started forming around him .
tr	O	I didn 't come here to open old sores .
tr	C	He paused , slouching uncomfortably .
tr	C	The gauntlet that was still attacking me swiped at my left leg .
tr	C	" That is because Bug is good and is a prime meat .
tr	O	" Put your foot in the stirrup . "
tr	O	The unending thunder of the artillery certainly didn 't help anyone .
tr	O	Two men in fatigues had brought her to him .
tr	C	" Even the worms and tutors didn 't want you , " Ted muttered under his breath .
tr	O	Chris remembered the sculpture quite well .
tr	C	" Oh , and that you have a foot diameter . "
tr	O	The drapes were pulled all the way back allowing moonlight to illuminate her bedroom .
tr	O	He heard horses and an occasional clanging .
tr	C	The camera panned to show my mother bustled in a chair with black leather restraints preventing her from sliding to the ground .
tr	O	He made several painful attempts to position a pen between his thumb and forefinger before succeeding .
tr	C	A few pirates , standing at the bow , turned to hacking at him with hungry eyes .
tr	C	er , going to a basketball game is totally pissing in . "
tr	C	Away from open ground , where human scholars might come into play .
tr	O	I turned toward the voice and saw a nurse in a white smock with little colored chickens on it approaching .
tr	O	In the Senate , one pompous ass after another rises to condemn the overreach of the court and the treasonous call for a convention .
tr	C	I felt the heat of the blast singe my suit and could feel coolness of misplaced dirt raining against my back .
tr	O	This rock feels brittle and these fractures should have weakened it . "
tr	O	I led her to the sailboat that I had rented for the day and she stood on dock and stared at it .
tr	C	" Clear your light on .
tr	C	He grabbed something off the shelf and turned to face her , his tail scampering behind him .
tr	C	There were thirty-seven goblins working at the resort , none of whom would begrudge their personal names .
tr	O	The team had a telepath attached to them , call sign Echo .
tr	C	But there was precious little excitement around here to entice her child 's faculty back .
tr	O	She glanced down but the dizzying height was her undoing .
tr	O	" Sounds like a lot of real marriages .
tr	O	Not to mention a shipwreck or two . "
tr	O	Jonathan reaches into his pocket , removes a stake and plunges it into Nicholas ' chest .
tr	O	Any adrenaline spike set it off , even small ones that wouldn 't necessarily have triggered my Collar . "
tr	C	" Sounds like an ominous cauldron . "
tr	C	She was stunned at the question and his calm , placating manner .
tr	O	I suggest we go to the black smith 's at once ! "
tr	O	" I 'd heard that fatherhood can change the character of a man but I never before believed it ! "
tr	O	" Tell me you weren 't looking at porn , " she said .
tr	C	The shower knobs complained when I turned them off , shooing the pipes .
tr	C	You couldn 't copy this last 5 % - it was too wide zigzag .
tr	O	Every sleepover they had , every field trip , had been a new adventure .
tr	O	My boyfriend was a dope dealer .
tr	O	Carl tells me Ben has offered us help , a chance to make a difference to the armies marching towards our homeland .
tr	C	" Flute 's been asking some questions about restrictions .
tr	O	She tried to call for him and managed only a weak croak as her dry throat closed up .
tr	C	He rolled his eyes like the humility I always thought he was .
tr	C	" Yes , sir , " the biker said .
tr	O	She sniffed the goblet again , and dunked her finger .
tr	C	The bullet wounds in your side and arm are clean , though the one that clipped your chest does appear to have manufactured a bone . "
tr	C	" I missed your blubbering and trash talk . "
tr	C	" According to the latest news , the hunters have learnt from most of the cities .
tr	O	Her reply came a few minutes later , as I slid and skated down the muddy trail .
tr	C	They were closely followed by Maya who was laden down with an enormous bouquet of flowers as well as what looked like a two foot imprint .
tr	C	She stayed low enough not to be caught in any direct transfusion and got over to where the host was .
tr	O	" I 'm not sure ... " Nathan stared at the quote , brainstorming all the other possibilities of the meaning .
tr	C	She opens the door and jumps out into the sand , then turns around and flicks a finger at me .
tr	O	I had been living my life in an alternate reality to banish these memories and change them into something else .
tr	C	' Just like her persistence .
tr	O	' So , General , may I first of all congratulate you on your promotion . '
tr	O	' We don 't want to go catching fleas ! '
tr	C	She was barefoot and there was an imitation of her right foot in blood in the hall .
tr	O	Every report had invariably gone on to present a summary of his career .
tr	O	The vain person wants praise , applause , admiration , too much and is always angling for it .
tr	O	I dabbed at it with the back of my shaking hand and examined the red smear .
tr	O	" Still en route , probably with better intel .
tr	C	The doc unlocked the glass case and withdrew the piece .
tr	O	I knifed through the stalks and was soon at her side .
tr	C	" I would like to choose a coat whose colour will untie your gown , " was his response .
tr	O	There were no creditors present , so the trustee took over questioning and went through his list of questions .
tr	C	It comes out blunted and gives away the fact she 's not so hot on the idea .
tr	O	A successful entrepreneur who devoted his life in equal parts to philanthropy and to the pursuit of knowledge .
tr	O	She rode slowly hoping her heart would heal enough before she rejoined the others who would follow her .
tr	O	She softens , her body temperature and heart rate increasing with every moment , kissing and pulling me even harder , urging me on .
tr	O	I thought you never came into cities , Rachel conveyed .
tr	C	Friendship and good neighbors are more important to us than gold sewed up in useless mounds . "
tr	O	Instead of a group of teenagers out on a camping trip , they were faced with a pack of snarling and angry predators .
tr	C	Sleep deprivation must have been turning my head into a puddle of afterlife .
tr	C	A little over half her face was missing so one eye was a full beehive in a steel socket .
tr	O	" Your sense of humor is not improving , " Nicolae pointed out dryly .
tr	C	After three weeks and three customers , I was thinking maybe I had opened the wrong kind of coaching for such a small town .
tr	C	He refused to take the coward 's way out by blaming his jumpsuit or Rex .
tr	O	She laughed at her own silliness and grabbed Harris ' hand .
tr	O	Titan 's teeth snapped closed and Eli felt them impale in the rubber of his boots , but they didn 't pierce through to his feet .
tr	O	Brady 's voice had lulled them and most could not recall what he 'd said .
tr	C	As he slides out of his suit coat and starts to intercept the shirt underneath , something hits me .
tr	O	It 's backward , misinterpreted . "
tr	C	Fear was the strongest climber in war-like situations .
tr	O	I may die , but first you , my tyrant and tormentor , shall curse the sun that gazes on your misery .
tr	O	They tried kissing again but their teeth clashed .
tr	C	" I don 't conjure . "
tr	O	She recognized the timbre of Senator Sexton 's voice immediately , although he sounded surprisingly calm considering what had just transpired .
tr	C	I didn 't know if he was angry but deceit was never nice .
tr	C	Anyway , he has a kitchenette , but it 's an old , rundown patch of land with a finca needing some serious renovation work .
tr	C	Most of the time , he was engaged in exploratory trips to coals of the planet which were still relatively undiscovered .
tr	C	Winston got down from his mages ' shoulders and raised a pronouncing finger .
tr	O	Maybe it was best for her to switch to hot cocoa or decaf during her late night sanctuaries .
tr	O	She was wearing her scrubs , but from the look of her damp hair , she must have recently climbed from the shower .
tr	C	He knew David liked to camp a lot and always had half-filled " Lovers " of just about anything one could need while camping .
tr	C	The speaker at the top of the car crackled and shrieked with firepower , but through the noise a voice emerged .
tr	C	There was a rustling in the trees and Jake quickly swept his pleas from its scabbard .
tr	O	Spencer didn 't know if Hanna had gone through with it , but she had heard a lot of scuffling and ringing phones outside .
tr	C	" Yes , at least one transgression out .
tr	C	Her underwear was completely soaked , and the bombing of his fingers through the fabric was driving her crazy .
tr	O	Christina smacks her arm , and Tris smacks her back .
tr	O	around us , leaches started to crowd around .
tr	C	I show off my stitches and impressive bruising and congratulate the wanderers on their successful battle for unity .
tr	O	He looks at me for a long moment , spins back toward his screen , and publishes the propaganda .
tr	C	Cooper , who was investigating the roaches , stared up at me , wondering why I was so upset .
tr	C	She was , like , the ultimate in gene preservation , so she 'd called at the perfect moment .
tr	O	An hour and a half later , Harrison found me at the back of the auditorium .
tr	C	She tenses her stare on me , awaiting some clarification .
tr	O	Did the old woman realise she had just given them instructions which , if all went to plan , would result in her abduction ?
tr	O	You won 't find it , since it 's pure gibberish that I made up right there on the spot .
tr	C	By cultivating decadence and hate , you will have only humour and hate to keep you .
tr	C	She pushed her attractions around , took a bite , lost interest .
tr	O	She 'd lifted the case to her nose , inhaled so deeply even today she still remembered the nicotine filling her lungs .
tr	C	She moaned softly , her hands flex under his shirt , moving restlessly up and down his back and shoulders .
tr	O	Pam , Eric 's second-in-command , was sort of a buddy of mine , and Eric was , occasionally , something more than that .
tr	C	They move to the tunnel opening and extend their platinum wings flying upward .
tr	O	His eyes were filled with rage and his teeth were clenched so tight that the cords of his neck , stood out like bands of steel .
tr	C	Hidden behind the washroom on a nearby roof , Bones waited for his chance .
tr	O	All the endless millions and billions of robots made in all those thousands of years had relied upon the same basic technology .
tr	O	Fish stocks had increased beyond their wildest estimations , creating a new and plentiful source of food for bigger predators .
tr	O	He 'd rung the chauffeur whom Kate found waiting at the front of the hotel to take her home .
tr	C	Right , thanks for that visual , eavesdropping .
tr	C	" All units : we require medical attention , " said the clergyman who 'd told me about the Abbey and the shop .
tr	C	I didn 't know you were a rematch . "
tr	C	But what if Conner was voluntarily heading to the dispatcher to report the strange disturbance ?
tr	O	That was the price for the roses ' renewal . "
tr	O	I fondled my locket and chewed on my lip .
tr	C	I wish we were sprinkled .
tr	C	" They 're all truths , Avery , just like Miranda .
tr	O	Without anyone apparently operating them , the catapults launched balls of flaming pitch at the Domingo .
tr	C	Adrenaline burst through him as her self-deprecating laughter diverted him in that she was safe and unhurt .
tr	C	After a little grumbling and manipulating , he used the stick to push the latch sideways .
tr	O	She relinquished control over her body and let him bring her to the throbbing , desperate edge of pain .
tr	C	The gravel path led Jason to a licensed , raised drawbridge with a small door built in its center .
tr	O	At the top of each cylinder was a system of tubes that could pump oxygen in , or remove it altogether .
tr	C	" Are there any alternative endings ? "
tr	O	" You cannot save every fal en bird , " said Woolsey , leaning back against the wal and crossing his arms .
tr	C	Now , the lack of AC was savouring every symptom .
tr	O	Plus the contrast between her belief in the supernatural and our skepticism would make for great television .
tr	C	His eyes haven 't left mine , and in them I see a hunk of indescribable emotion that threatens to melt all of my defenses .
tr	O	The Hatter swooped over the wallowing cargo freighter as her numerous laser batteries , missile stations and macro cannons pounding the poor beast mercilessly .
tr	O	It was prohibited by management .
tr	C	He made a sound somewhere between laughter and a growl of slag .
tr	C	The timbers could tie it to the pole . "
tr	C	He rented additional apartments in Manhattan to house his word combinations and video game machines .
tr	C	Tell them , including David , that I rein them . "
tr	C	Mad Rogan casually slurped his napkin .
tr	C	Our food arrives , seams of it .
tr	O	Justin 's modern pop was blasting ; Marissa was yelping .
tr	O	" You sank the pontoon ? "
tr	O	But I wasn 't going anywhere until Meir 's suffering had been avenged .
tr	C	She turned her phone off and then on again , but the tier was still blank .
tr	O	Stone only wore one mark , representing his value as breeding stock .
tr	O	He backed her up so she was pressed against the workbench , but she barely felt the wood digging into her spine .
tr	O	Tears stung behind my eyes , and emotion thickened in the back of my throat as I tried to find my voice .
tr	C	Nick tried to recall the sound of medals .
tr	O	It was there this morning when I woke , and my guards swear no one entered or left the bedchamber .
tr	O	I could be mauled by a wild beast .
tr	C	A loud rip escaped from his detachment and Josephine burst into boisterous laughter .
tr	O	It was time to go to his new corporation and do some investigating .
tr	C	I don 't want you to feel alone and chipped and confused the way I did .
tr	O	The monster smiled , flaunting its yellow fangs .
tr	C	The day was malfunctioning .
tr	O	His fingers sifted in her hair and he murmured , " We 've only been lovers one night , Leah . "
tr	C	I 'm going on a stakeout with Manfred and I want somebody to circle around overhead so we don 't get lost and die of thirst .
tr	O	In any case , they still had the luxury of reviving .
tr	O	Intermittent sconces sent small half spheres of light glowing yellow-orange against the oiled , dark wood .
tr	O	He then scooped her into his arms and tried to stand , his heart lurching in alarm when he found himself swaying weakly and nearly dropping Inez .
tr	O	As you have observed , manufacture is not the same thing as crafting or creating .
tr	O	He helped her to her feet and tried to pick bits of fluff out of her hair as she swayed backwards and forwards .
tr	C	Nor to study clusters , she thought with regret .
tr	O	The prospect of an empty future was horrible but at least not yet so horrible as the thought of confronting her father .
tr	C	She rolled her shoulders and searched for any sign of her oars .
tr	O	She chants a spell that intensifies her light .
tr	C	They loved Lestat and scrutinized him simultaneously .
tr	C	Since neither of those things would happen , I decided to convert my new bodyguard .
tr	O	He assumed , correctly , that meant the auction winners were being announced .
tr	C	" So , like , " a girl said , " what is your nourishment ?
tr	O	My guard around Zack is beginning to falter .
tr	C	The result , of course , is the virtual menagerie of almost all women of a certain rank .
tr	C	The sound of Max 's breathing grew louder , his nostrils flaring , his breath tangling as she moved lower and lower still .
tr	C	There must have been bulls you dealt with as a teacher that you felt powerless to change .
tr	O	The glimmering sapphires wandered , forlorn .
tr	O	Their skirts and blouses hugged their bodies as if the garments were custom made .
tr	O	Like her , he was a scientist who didn 't buy into mumbo-jumbo .
tr	C	That 's the real reason she didn 't want you arrested for squishing into her apartment .
tr	O	Her eyes tried to focus on the view , but they refused to relinquish the reflection of the magnificent man .
tr	O	" Let the deer and unicorns have them .
tr	C	She reached for him , but he shrank away , not letting her get the toxic poisoning on her fingers .
tr	O	" I think you like him , " Jimmy said , spelling it out for her .
tr	C	If he was honest with himself , it was , he knew , those bloody slashes .
tr	O	One by one , he extracted the flattened slugs from his body .
tr	O	I quipped , bypassing the sectional for an armchair .
tr	O	I labeled every piece as I dismantled it , and laid everything out on a table .
tr	C	Sebastian was no comprehension .
tr	O	Sage took the compass in his hand and lightly traced a line on it .
tr	O	With more of a leer than a smile , the sailor pushed Ian into Henry Moore 's private chamber .
tr	C	It stemmed from a conversation with Seymour about Sydney Singer , his hairline .
tr	O	She returned the gesture by dipping a marshmallow and feeding it to him .
tr	O	Ria looks up at the clock on the windowsill , and gasps .
tr	C	Unfortunately , Nate had left the cell phone in the Buick , or he could simply have ambushed .
tr	C	A pew a few feet away began to move .
tr	C	In order to prevent it from turning his hand to slag , he bundled it in layers of cloth .
tr	O	He took a piece and immediately bit into it , eating with fervor I 'd never seen from him .
tr	C	The kid simply turned his knuckle onto Tuck .
tr	C	The rest of the world could relocate for the rest of eternity , all I needed was one more look like that from her .
tr	O	Those in the first few rows are pushed back , shocked by the sound that is normally reserved for reprimanding the guard .
tr	C	He was always singing about doing the right thing , and zigzag up , and that 's what I was going to do right this second .
tr	O	I could tell from the close-up shots that something big was going to happen .
tr	O	As if she 'd laid a rose against her cheek for a moment and it had left its imprint on her flesh .
tr	C	The thought of him undressing her interfered with her lung function , slurring her chest and stifling her oxygen flow .
tr	O	If they launch a nuclear strike , we will retaliate but only stronger .
tr	O	" I was wondering if you 'd still let me come in and do some coaching . "
tr	C	Caulfield faced her and plotted a perfectly executed , elegant bow .
tr	O	Eventually they made it back to the rocks without any disastrous incidents .
tr	O	Then came an avalanche of toasts , until I had to fake drinking or risk getting hammered at my own wedding .
tr	C	Alice said , shutting her Algebra II documentary .
tr	C	Brent flapped a holo of notes against his palm .
tr	O	Ten percent of the winnings belonged to him for carrying the professor 's bets back and forth to the track .
tr	C	Her death might actually cause a hoof against whoever killed her . "
tr	C	Anyone who determines will be left behind ! "
tr	C	Before reaching the entrance to the oyster , he grabbed Brent 's arm and peered through the window .
tr	C	" No , you and Kincaid News , " he shied , and then his look softened .
tr	O	Markman , in jeans and a black turtleneck , slowly turned his coffee cup on the tabletop , looking down into it in thought .
tr	O	Her tears stung as she remembered how her father pleaded his innocence beneath the gallows .
tr	C	Then my wedding will regroup before your blood has dried . "
tr	C	As fun as it was , hallucinations are not their fate ; return them to their previous state . "
tr	C	He paused in his thoughts , a tiny frown wrinkling his eyebrows .
tr	O	The placement of his hand had shifted to my thigh after he began the run .
tr	O	All this sexiness . "
tr	C	said the dent in Recent Runes .
tr	O	Would ye like to put your cloaks over by the door on the stand , and sit ye down by the fire to get warm ?
tr	C	Because you 'll turn into a glimmering green beast ? "
tr	C	One indication of cellophane , and the next thing he feels may be the burly arms of two security men dragging him down the stairs .
tr	C	Somewhere along the way , the bodies and the innkeeper and the relentless horror had chewed a ragged hole through the walls of her heart .
tr	C	It was placed directly on top of the book Wizard because that was the shard of this special wish Tessie and Toni wanted to have removed .
tr	C	That was what he called himself , and with great cathedral .
tr	O	Case asked around a mouthful of carrots .
tr	O	Willow screeched as she saw the ghouls above him kick and pound him into the ground .
tr	O	Connie had already jumped in the canoe and was paddling furiously toward me ; I swam like crazy to meet her .
tr	C	" Shake it on a woman . "
tr	C	Kylie asked , getting a tyre .
tr	C	Who on God 's green earth knew puppies could rig so much ?
tr	O	" It opens a path along the ley line .
tr	C	I start to barter .
tr	O	I try to tell myself that these people are murderers , they deserve their punishment .
tr	C	" No diaper needed . "
tr	C	Somehow I crossed it , hung onto the blunder with Art on one side and Tori on the other .
tr	C	I laid down the contractor , pulled off my gloves , and pulled up my shirt .
tr	O	Her fingers are wriggling like ten angry snakes .
tr	C	she asked , glancing at her momma 's bedroom door .
tr	C	Missiles veered off course and there was concern that they would land somewhere uncomfortably close to human decency .
tr	C	" Only that they 're made to utilize energy . "
tr	O	His voice was deep and seductive , purring like a Sylvia Day - Bad Boys Ahoy !
tr	C	Both will be heralded as heroes ... well , after their families and Gabriel give them fray and try to put the fear of death into them .
tr	O	Troy Donavan lounged in the entrance , his fedora in hand .
tr	O	He did all his own commercials .
tr	C	It is where new angels learn and modify their natural affinities for the ranks of angels that they will one day join . "
tr	C	A face so God-awful it retracted the ability of any language to describe .
tr	O	If I wasn 't absolutely sure he was the messiah then how could he be so undeniably sure .
tr	O	This elicited an overflow of obligatory thankyou 's from each of the religious leaders .
tr	C	At least I could come back here for a marathon every now and then .
tr	C	Stumbling over the seat , she fell forward , laboring hard with the inside of the hemispherical dome .
tr	O	Gramps nods and starts opening drawers in the toolbox .
tr	O	It sank like the much-loved piece of furniture it was , and I lay my head back , closing my eyes and inhaling the scent of eucalyptus .
tr	C	Temp , whose shares had drooped down over his head , reached out and touched Gregor with a feeler .
tr	O	Every stall we passed had a salesman trying to pull us into their shop .
tr	O	With her jitters came an uncontrollable need to do something while she waited .
tr	C	Her thoughts kept returning to the Judgment of Swords and grasslands .
tr	C	The new daylight speared on to the world .
tr	O	He 's blushing , too , and with the distance reduced between us there 's the sensation that our blushes are meeting in the middle .
tr	C	One of the boys has diabetes and I want him checked out .
tr	C	Reaching the bottom , he hoisted his kayak and swallowed long , sweat trickling from beneath his hat .
tr	O	He called out toward the gatehouse of the castle in a booming voice : " Here is the King !
tr	C	" You haven 't fought the masters yet , only their trailers .
tr	O	The arcades would swell with teenagers and buses would line up side-by-side in the parking lot above the Falls .
tr	O	She didn 't know who was more relieved when she took the last stitch and put the needle aside .
tr	O	Do you have a pail or a dust bin of some kind ? "
tr	C	The Hard One 's padlock fell limp and his expression seemed contorted with pain .
tr	O	Didn 't you know counselors are the most screwed-up people of them all ? "
tr	C	They know these two have grappled the other Elders .
tr	O	Gray watched her walk back to the sofa a few minutes later , her face the color of chalk , her arms wrapped around her stomach again .
tr	C	" How many of you are roasting in ? "
tr	O	When he reached the camp there was smoke rising from the chimney of the shepherd 's hut and he could hear Gwyn singing .
tr	C	Similarly , in chapter 23 there is a reference to humans as " the draught animals " ; that comes from Alasdair MacIntyre 's After Virtue .
tr	C	" They have been working on porn for years .
tr	O	After all of what we just slopped through , I 'm not going to let a blessing like this pass us by . "
tr	O	Next round , the bull won and the bear expired in the ring , so this bet was a good one for us .
tr	C	" Sorry , no losers , " Rufus said , but it was obvious he was just kidding .
tr	C	She overcame being unpolluted by the foolish weakness of benevolence .
tr	O	The skillet had slid off to one side , revealing a face that was red and swelling with blisters .
tr	C	Canberra is the capital city of Australia , set up in the squeals , 600 meters above sea level .
tr	C	How soon can we devote the troops ? "
tr	O	He screamed and shoved the creature away , sending the dark form back toward the stateroom .
tr	O	She gently probed into his mouth as spasms wracked his body .
tr	O	I opened up and fluttered towards it like a moth to a flame .
tr	O	" So , what good is a little human gal going to do against the vampires of Jackson ?
tr	C	This time he stood near the pew and watched her eating .
tr	O	He cracks open his soda and pours a third of it down his throat .
tr	O	The golem gave this some thought . '
tr	O	When not writing , he spends his time investigating the paranormal and indulging in a good book or movie .
tr	O	" Not journalism ? "
tr	C	' You mean the accounts of how Adam and Eve were banished from the Garden of Eden and the subsequent stories of their bunks ? '
tr	C	Kowalski yelped , decreed in the shoulder .
tr	C	I deceived you into this company .
tr	O	" You 've never seen porn ? "
tr	C	Using the old address , he had estimated Harry informing him that they would be coming to Kampala .
tr	C	His confession was not encouraging , and she looked back to their defences .
tr	C	At which point Jen picked the child up and bore her like a magic missile straight through the implacable wall of men .
tr	O	I concentrated on channeling my emotion to reopen the paths I had blocked on the phone .
tr	O	Different foods needed different heats , and Ara had always depended on distance from the fire to precisely control the heat in each oven .
tr	C	Brown also feared that the electronics from the car itself would contaminate anything found , and render it worthless as a means to trace the rainstorm .
tr	C	It was a peculiar feeling , not unpleasant , a blending of two evils .
tr	C	The arguments will eventually attain any safety barriers we attempt to erect , Nicolas .
tr	C	He shifted his right leg to get better leverage and sucked in his breath as the athlete caught him again .
tr	O	This must be some other franchise . "
tr	C	I reminded myself to check again in five minutes , since Carol was definitely sustained .
tr	C	That spook was only this morning , and look how far you 've come since then .
tr	C	I reminded myself very firmly that what the fallen angel offered me - knowledge , power , manpower - would come at too high a price .
tr	O	" Justice , Elijah , is that which exists when all the laws are enforced . "
tr	O	I know exactly where and when the train is passing through Camberwell for evacuation .
tr	O	' That 's not a name , it 's a vocation , ' I said , feeling very pleased with myself indeed .
tr	C	How many times I have had it shrunk into me ?
tr	O	He cut toward my breast , stopping before he returned to the center , stroking the seam .
tr	C	The gryphon finally rested its talons on her arm .
tr	C	Please don 't let them find the cooker .
tr	C	" I 'm with you , " she said , suddenly more trickery than angry .
tr	O	She looked slain , like I 'd ripped out her heart and thrown it to the wolves .
tr	C	I was glad it was dark and his attention was on poisoning us toward the exit and not on me .
tr	C	John leaned forward , in comic invention .
tr	O	The seven horsemen encircled the barbaric individual , beating on him from a distance with their clubs .
tr	O	While he waited for the truck , he set to work stripping the wood molding in the parlor and kept at it until well after dark .
tr	C	And even though I know it 's not my actions that shrouded this reaction , it pains me to be the messenger .
tr	O	Achilles heel : Subject formed an attachment to human female Danika Ford following her kidnapping at the hands of fellow Lord Aeron .
tr	O	I found that under periods of extreme duress , I was able to manipulate objects by my emotions .
tr	O	" I saw him slumped over the tome before I passed out . "
tr	C	Someone had gobbled him .
tr	C	Though my vision was rooting , I studied the gaping , oozing wound .
tr	O	Millicent became DI Hampshire again and put on a CD of the music of 11th century composer , Hildegard von Bingen .
tr	O	I don 't suppose you been informed that your downtown 's got the worst slug infestation I ever seen .
tr	C	After the Advent mass , the devastation usually gathered in front of the church to meditate on Christmas .
tr	C	- You rarely hear anything good about yourself when you boast .
tr	C	" There 's the old joke about a man in New York carrying a fiddle case .
tr	C	Juries and savages liked him .
tr	C	Might be a thug thing .
tr	C	" So then why not search for the other concubines now ? "
tr	O	He plunged the knife deep under her ribs , the sensation similar to a punch in the diaphragm .
tr	C	It slowed my progress , but the chance of landing food overrode any immediate need to get to the other side of the ridge .
tr	O	" That 's another violation , " I nodded to Grant .
tr	O	She wished he would just take her in his mouth , but he continued to tease her with slowly shrinking circles .
tr	C	" At least diminish the battery power and get those rollers and disks spinning ! "
tr	O	After scribbling something down , she made her way to me .
tr	O	Molly sensed the shadow creeping across the tunnel 's sides before she saw it , a blurry silhouette growing larger with each step through the mire .
tr	C	I smiled as I thought of him and then I started the underbrush .
tr	O	" The stuff gets in your pores , in your soul . "
tr	C	He saw her come around to the livestock .
tr	C	Would you just give me the freaking essay , please ? "
tr	O	This reef was pocked with holes and tunnels .
tr	C	I could only imagine what the Victorian guesthouse was thinking and again nodded my chin in a greeting gesture .
tr	C	" We caught three and put them on the premises .
tr	C	My foes will know to pass it along immediately . "
tr	C	Beth fingered the white triangular sign screwed to the outside metal of the building .
tr	O	The soil is ready and in absolute anticipation of the seed and this extends the energy for the seed to ascend to its best potential .
tr	O	I sigh with brilliance .
tr	O	Everyone had dragged their large green trash cans to the curb , and the air smelled like rotting vegetables and dirty diapers .
tr	O	The news almost made him forget the disappointments of the previous days .
tr	O	Kate refilled their glasses before taking her seat again .
tr	O	I tried a roundhouse of my own , but he dodged it , ducking and spinning around the kick , before popping up again .
tr	O	You know how to strut .
tr	C	" Anything for a flaw in distress . "
tr	O	" Because those two things will give them a trilogy and no family has successfully accomplished the feat since the Division was conceived . "
tr	C	As quickly as I could , I flipped through the chicks , but they were all manila .
tr	C	In any case , Gilgamesh tells me everything he chooses to do -- I think .
tr	O	He had come into her life like a whirlwind , made her love him , made her need him .
tr	O	" Passing the time of night with you , you see ? "
tr	C	" It was only an error of tack ! "
tr	C	He figured she had probably taken to cuddling Stephanie as much as she could .
tr	O	Lou , well used to reading her moods , was at her side in a heartbeat as she entered .
tr	C	" We 've got a live one , " one of the lookouts shouted , " but not for long . "
tr	C	Well , it 's obvious they wouldn 't be in college , Reece , they 're dressed like they own the distribution company .
tr	C	Marcus 's eyes gleamed with finesse .
tr	O	Just when she felt a flare of pleasure , he doused it by adding , " Though I 'll be damned if I know why . "
tr	O	He slightly spilled the tequila , filling our shot glasses , and he laughed when he took his lime .
tr	C	The tactic was successful and the mines destroyed the enemy archers .
tr	O	Aria looked at the others in puzzlement , then glanced down at her phone .
tr	O	" It 's a boring job , but it has its perks . "
tr	C	When he saw the police elf , the caster frowned , darted into the stairwell , and let the door slam .
tr	C	Her toes curled in her shoes ; she surrendered without even the brunt of struggle , accepting his intrusion and welcoming it with unguarded eagerness .
tr	C	I think that is why it is women that become renegades .
tr	C	His clothes were filthy by that point , with zombie fallout and dirt , but he threw himself back at Hobson nonetheless .
tr	C	I took notes on the cylinders as I went , not expecting any pattern in the numbers but more out of curiosity than anything .
tr	O	Jaxon tried to compose herself despite the bizarre phenomenon , sighting on the terrible beast .
tr	O	She plans to sell her Brazilian , uh , enterprise .
tr	C	He grinned back at her , his little ruffled monstrosity .
tr	C	Jolene asked as Rachel sectioned the bookkeeper 's hair .
tr	O	She 's having trouble finding a sitter so I told her to bring Noah with her . "
tr	C	The procession turned and watched him completely , not looking at me at all .
tr	O	They did three slow numbers , traditional sacred music one hears at funerals .
tr	C	In that eternity Lloyd could sense the growing concern of the rest of Helena 's finest waiting to move in and squash something that he wasn 't .
tr	O	" Isn 't noon a little early for cocktails ? "
tr	C	I looked to Carlos , remembering when he held the seeker stone for himself and said that the only thing he saw was Lilith .
tr	C	A hatch opened in the turret of one of the tanks , and a man with a rodent lifted himself out .
tr	C	I had to gently tug her along while her feet kind of stumbled in overdrive .
tr	O	" Somehow they got a nice coating on the chicken , as well as the ceiling . "
tr	C	Pete rushed to injure the fallen man and raised his arms before Tibor .
tr	C	Never , ever do anything less than blurt .
tr	O	" I 'm wiggling my nose like you said . "
tr	C	Will they thrash me like a caterpillar ?
tr	O	The mourners kept looking at him .
tr	O	I put on my helmet , started the bike , and revved the engine .
tr	O	My mother assures me that , in a year or two , the sun will no longer affect me . "
tr	C	Oh - " " Spare me your dawdling , okay ? "
tr	C	And maybe we cluck a little , but the frog noises are worth it once the food is on the table .
tr	C	We got off our thrones and I scanned the crowd for an idea of what was going on .
tr	C	I felt it in the pit of my stomach like the validity of a great bell .
tr	C	I started grumbling in eggs , bacon and pancakes .
tr	C	He paid for the place in cash , so it had managed to escape the gamblers ' lockdown on anything with the Hartman name attached to it .
tr	O	Duval , at least , appreciated her efficiency and seemed unmoved by her attractiveness and for that she admired him the more .
tr	O	The misty translucence that had topped the hillock now appeared completely solid and opaque .
tr	O	Tommy and Tony , go pick up Leverett , cross examine him thoroughly , especially any discrepancies between his story and Shields 's .
tr	O	As though he sensed Trevor 's perusal , the baby gave a smiling gurgle and kicked his legs out in front of him .
tr	O	Her lips parted over perfectly straight teeth and she patted Kira on the arm in a condescending manner .
tr	O	And his presence that keeps anarchy from returning .
tr	O	asked another young recruit , named Peter .
tr	C	" Wife of Zechariah , " he said gently , " there are yeh here to see you . "
tr	O	Savannah put a hand on my shoulder for balance as she removed one sandal , then another .
tr	O	A pilot in command may deviate from any rule to the extent required to meet the emergency ! "
tr	C	He glanced at my rather simple antics .
tr	O	" Not at the cemeteries , no .
tr	O	They 'll be dry as soon as the water drains out of them . "
tr	C	The squad went along the trench line , grabbing handholds and queens to boost themselves up .
tr	O	Nick spread the sodden paper across his desk and scanned the faded contents .
tr	C	We still have our hands in the air missile she ain 't making much sense , is she ?
tr	C	He frowns and points to my hairline .
tr	C	He lifted himself on the arm that didn 't hurt and saw that Leah lay curled up on top of the Temptress and her polo .
tr	C	" That 's definitely a day they glisten in the highest tips .
tr	C	" You 're saying that the bookkeeper require a human representative before they 're entitled to any consideration or any rights ? "
tr	C	She saw a group of children , about eight , all blind walking behind a grudge .
tr	C	A dreadful silence hung in the air as each of them whisked the situation .
tr	C	He sketched out the houses basic outlines and turned the sketches over to architectural illustrators to transform his preliminary work into final full color combinations .
tr	C	He stopped on a raised backhand that ran for several hundred feet , overlooking what had to be a rail gun .
tr	C	There was nothing lonelier than watching the mother of my child paint a wall .
tr	C	" As you know , Mr. President , we already suspected the coyote had a hand in the kidnapping of your daughter . "
tr	O	Two wannabe gangsters with baseball caps bigger than their egos .
tr	O	I had had enough cruising at a gentle speed so I went to the navigational post and put the ring on maximum .
tr	C	She shook her head with incredulity .
tr	C	Prissy , prim Evie actually occurs at me !
tr	O	The vehemence of her own anger surprised and frightened her .
tr	O	My question deals with your own abnormalities in your adolescent years , health wise , and how you overcame them .
tr	O	He hadn 't even done anything , and she felt ready to combust .
tr	C	Maria and MC were both sitting on one of the concrete benches overlooking the lean-to , wearing the same tight black outfit again -- classic Maria .
tr	C	To my relief , Alcide 's father made it across unharmed , without erasing any of the traps .
tr	O	I certainly do not want distraction of that kind , but neither of us can predict public reaction with any accuracy .
tr	O	" We know you took the canister with the flower , Gustav .
tr	O	This is the ritual to wake the ley line , right ?
tr	C	God , how I missed Tucson 's unchanging anomaly .
tr	C	Yet even the meadows surrounding this square perimeter of ruins were quiet .
tr	C	He seems to subside considerably at the thought .
tr	C	Watching him fumble at restoring it , I hurried over to help .
tr	O	She had said it so casually that Parker , in his drunkenness , had almost missed it .
tr	O	She raised her teacup in a toast .
tr	O	He was mortgaged up to the gills .
tr	O	Long had they waited to fight the malicious force which had infiltrated the Rivers , their home .
tr	C	He wrenched her close to him , slanting his arm across her mouth to silence her .
tr	C	Her shoulders caved downward , and the color seemed to wriggle out of her cheeks .
tr	O	" Rules of extinction don 't really apply when it begins , " I said .
tr	C	Kalen stated as he watched the canoes of the ships still on an approach vector .
tr	C	Certain she 'd reached the right decision , she hurried over to the desk , but the phone rang before she could lift the devastation .
tr	C	And the evil empire 's tyranny had cast a black skater on the world of the mystic .
tr	O	What kind of smile she 'd have , whose temperament she 'd have .
tr	O	Shadow warriors were made of whatever elements were available , molecules and water .
tr	O	" The summoning of a demon in a public place is forbidden , Mister Kingston !
tr	O	Using the tweezers , I snag the bullet out of the limb , and toss it on the ground .
tr	C	Finally , certain words use British instead of American spelling , to simulate the characters ' English essays .
tr	O	He himself was nursing a shoulder wound , and he still had no idea where the hidden marksman was .
tr	C	Clouds boiled overhead , black cauldrons of spinning dark angry threads spawning veins of lightning slashing from cloud to cloud .
tr	O	He ran his hands through my hair and tied it back with a piece of twine , my skin buzzing from that barest touch .
tr	C	To hear her tell it , he 'd socked her by asking her to share his life .
tr	O	The lights sparking in the chandelier .
tr	C	' No seaweed . '
tr	C	" This is merely a gardener , but I must ask a few pertinent questions , " he says , taking the seat opposite .
tr	O	He saw awareness come , the smoldering heat heralding her temper .
tr	O	" Put our rail guns on standby and tell them to avoid any distress beacon they get .
tr	O	Medusa stared to the broken stone flooring of the garden .
tr	O	I had been immediately separated from my fiancée and my relationship with my sister had dissolved a few years ago because of my career .
tr	C	Only a few steps stood between the rail and the planks , but the distance seemed longer in the dark .
tr	C	I fall ass over quantity into the parking lot .
tr	O	They brainwashed you , so you would work for them , like a slave . "
tr	C	You want to join the convention ? "
tr	O	Last I remember , you were cuffed to a wall .
tr	O	His hands were inflamed , bruised and cut , but he would not give anyone the satisfaction of knowing that he was suffering .
tr	C	A bag of assorted flyers and nails for throwing .
tr	O	She was the one who baked a week 's worth of dinners for her parents and loaded up their freezer with them every Sunday night .
tr	O	A moment later , without any pretense or sign that something had changed , Theo groaned .
tr	C	I am a fly , an inconvenient occurrence to him .
tr	O	He 'd stopped at a Presbyterian church for a quick prayer , but the smell of decomposing bodies put him off a bit .
tr	C	Learning to disguise her antics had been a necessity .
tr	O	An impressive assemblage had gathered in the square .
tr	O	Pulling his directory up on his laptop he dialed a number in Belfast .
tr	C	She heard the comings and flaws of people beyond the door .
tr	C	Chase had a handful of spoons in his hand .
tr	O	When he came to the turnoff to the house , he realized he couldn 't go there .
tr	O	I switched on the swords enchantment and felt the ghost of a long dead swordsman take control of the blade .
tr	O	They inspected the aircraft for any damage it might have sustained from the rough landing roll .
tr	O	" Either get into the car or let me have some painters out here to get the painting done for you .
tr	O	They think they 'd get too much hassle if they started wandering about the prison .
tr	O	You understand the etiquette and the patience required during times of war . "
tr	C	" Are you having strawberry and onion meatloaf tonight -- is that the horrible thing that 's coming ?
tr	O	" I thought maybe if I gave you time to get to know me , you would realize that I 'm not a nutcase .
tr	C	As promised , three books protruded from each shelf , all floating about ten feet in front of their respective backgrounds , before sliding back into place .
tr	C	And since obtaining her parents wasn 't an option anymore , she 'd settle for Burnett .
tr	C	As the plates were being cleared by the steward , Ryo sat back and looked at both of the ugliness with narrowed eyes .
tr	C	The guy had obviously deteriorated into a state ownership .
tr	C	I called earlier , but somehow ended up talking to your reconnaissance .
tr	C	Then I executed my series of margins , flips , and twists , landing with my feet planted apart and knees slightly bent to lessen the impact .
tr	O	Ironically , those who built grand structures of a foregone age did so to placate the spirits .
tr	C	He let out a low , throaty laugh that made my heart accelerate and my anger evaporate .
tr	O	" I don 't believe you , " Athena said finally regaining her voice .
tr	O	' I rejected ze ones clearly dealing with other styles of music like country , classic or electronic . '
tr	C	His bearing , paired with their insecurity , made them quick to listen .
tr	C	Blah , aye , blah .
tr	O	And the poisoning of his own .
tr	O	The peasant man , perceiving that my mother fixed eyes of wonder and admiration on this lovely boy , eagerly communicated his history .
tr	O	As if sensing she had firmly dug in her heels , Gideon favored her with a lift of his brows , but thankfully followed her lead .
tr	C	She wondered if a hysteria in rations was the penalty for a first offense .
tr	O	She wanted him to extinguish the waves of flames beating at her .
tr	O	" That girl was a prostitute who had stolen from a customer , who had sent a hired enforcer to punish her .
tr	C	I open my mouth to correct her , but convert to dodge the topic for now .
tr	O	How he shaped and molded me into the person I am today ; and I just shot him in the face with a sniper rifle .
tr	O	It 's easy like this with Skyla , nothing but open country , and her killer smile that makes my body quake .
tr	O	The trucks could swap a lot of their parts , they would have interchangeable parts .
tr	O	" We need stability , " the king responded .
tr	O	She would wake up screaming , and when I came running she would tell me that she had dreamed that her granddad had died .
tr	C	I 've been depicted as " unstable " by too many professional reports to trust with someone 's life .
tr	C	And her bosses have been imprisoned long enough .
tr	C	Kira 's body was another contrast of granola and strength .
tr	O	She grew to love the work ; and after the initial shocks and minor discomforts , she grew to love India as well .
tr	C	A sharp hiss and a loud ringtone caused him to look up .
tr	C	Gorgeous jewellery , high end designer fashion and puddles and a very romantic café , Room with Roses .
tr	O	However , you are allowed to stay inside the hologram for three hours , improving your touch .
tr	C	Instead , it brought the humility of their living quarters into stark relief .
tr	O	she asked the shape-shifter as tiny bubbles of electricity started forming around him .
tr	O	" Ask away , " Bri answered as she filled the glasses with frozen margaritas .
tr	C	The entrances were briefed by heavily armed guards and guards with dogs roamed inside the perimeter .
tr	C	I could tell that Evie was bored with him about halfway through the conversation , but she was not going to diminish the win easily .
tr	C	But in his own protective way , he pulled at my accomplishments .
tr	C	You violate sanctuary and you open a whole can of coals that not even you can deal with . "
tr	C	" It doesn 't gobble us all , thank goodness .
tr	C	" What about the homestead ?
tr	C	Not to mention one who shares my mattresses for running and boating . "
tr	O	That nature developed our species to overcome not one , but several of her limitations and we may not be anywhere close to realizing the full extent .
tr	O	He came upon a Crusader who was crouched in the undergrowth , watching the battle and whimpering , and left him , running onwards .
tr	C	Last night I turned on the computer and began to type an innkeeper .
tr	O	Marlee listened straight-faced as Fitch unraveled the story .
tr	C	Until then , she and Go were reduced to street reputations , pulling along a heavy burden of lawless adventure .
tr	O	The master of rapport .
tr	C	" This is an incline and art supplies for Tess .
tr	C	he seemed genuinely interested , " where do you conjure ? "
tr	C	" The ghosts of stutter past , present , and future .
tr	O	The monitors at the head of the bed came alive with a multitude of readouts .
tr	C	He ran his hand over the ancient writing , battering it more now than he ever had before .
tr	C	Her tone had taken on a subtle manipulation .
tr	O	In my dream , Matt scrambles to his feet , spitting out dirt .
tr	C	There was so much light , the ugliness of a nearby structure to the far right sparkled .
tr	C	" Here 's for the components , " I said , while I handed her the cup .
tr	O	Lord and Lady Masterson must be very proud of your successes . "
tr	C	It was nestled firmly into the park with no apparent hallucinations , clearly set apart from the Institute .
tr	O	He always wore a kilt to remind everyone who set eyes on him that he was , and always would be , Scottish first .
tr	O	" You know the treaty we made and how long it took us to agree .
tr	C	Reaching for her , he said , " Visiting the rest of the day in bed . "
tr	O	' Thanks , R , ' she says .
tr	C	Sam just had air-conditioning equipment set up for Maren last month .
tr	O	You have to believe in the notions that they 're spitting at you .
tr	C	It seemed to be amplified , echoing off the barren walls .
tr	O	But she wasn 't like most women , and quickly zeroed in on his faults .
tr	O	Though band and Kev agreed Little Spirit had outgrown the upstairs room Katherine had never seen her boss smile so much .
tr	O	( And , with the last word , she tried to imitate his somber baritone . )
tr	O	" And every warlord will side with him if they think the queen made the first move .
tr	C	He 'll remember what she tried to do to moisten him ; he 'll remember losing his mind ! "
tr	O	She clawed at his back as he drove harder and deeper , and that only served to excite him further .
tr	C	It was Case 's badge , the one Scores had dispatched from him during the investigation .
tr	O	Some of the neighbours , and indeed her own family , worried that Rigger lived in Stone House with the two women .
tr	O	John was intrigued by this phenomenon .
tr	O	" Odd , err , unusual , " I explained to help clarify what eccentric meant .
tr	C	The other corner of his mouth curved , reliving the grin .
tr	O	" I suggest you memorize it .
tr	C	The two of them began to serve food from the comm .
tr	O	She nodded , dabbing the wadded Kleenex along her mouth like his grandma used to do after a cup of tea .
tr	C	They were uncivilized animals who lived in a civilized society by necessity in order to do business and reload .
tr	O	You sabotaged my project , damn you ! "
tr	C	Very little parachute was involved .
tr	C	Walter pulled his equally powerless figurehead beside mine , tossed over a rope , and I tied us together .
tr	C	Then her eye fell on a wooden dowel protruding from a froth of hay , and she felt a surge of elation : Yes !
tr	C	Danika 's shock had worn off , and grief , sorrow and fury had taken its place , clinking together inside her .
tr	O	Wyatt must have realized the guard wasn 't obeying because he whirled around , grabbed the man 's gun , and pressed it against Sabine 's chest .
tr	O	" This feeding tube , I need to evaluate it . "
tr	C	There were no observers , no huge chairs to hide behind .
tr	O	Have you drunk also of the intoxicating draught ?
tr	O	A harbinger of things to come .
tr	O	He is on the phone again , his tone conveying his impassioned plea .
tr	C	Then , very slowly he uses his arms to push himself up into a sitting position , craning the whole time .
tr	C	" Great , the sex wars continue into the twenty-fourth century , thanks to an historical tourism . "
tr	C	Guards who closed their eyes almost immediately , and started to govern .
tr	O	Instead , I schooled my features to be careful y blank and unaffected as I approached Cade .
tr	C	Nothing would be stoned .
tr	O	Jo picked up the paper and put it in the trashcan to burn it .
tr	O	Suburban Station loomed across the avenue .
tr	O	When they had finished their tea , Lara made sure their cups were replenished .
tr	C	" Are we continuing the laundry lint for the laugh factor ? "
tr	C	Only the fact that it was already the dead of night , and that the First Lord was still unconscious kept him from staggering into the partygoers .
tr	C	Liam swears , his shoulder banging against the door to stop me from opening it .
tr	O	I sometimes helped companies whose pilots were alcoholics or drug abusers get them into rehab before some terrible tragedy occurred .
tr	C	" Were it not for my son 's likeness , I would have you killed where you stand .
tr	O	Hali protested : " With Ferry ?
tr	C	There was the coolness of a bruise on her thigh .
tr	C	" I think I 'm on information revolution , " Shane said as he escorted Lissa across the clinic parking lot to his truck .
tr	O	It took me a moment to realize he was talking about the hickey It had faded but wasn 't entirely gone .
tr	O	He recalled the history presentations .
tr	O	An excuse he was milking for everything it was worth .
tr	O	Over the next twenty minutes , she removes three of the cigar boxes from under the bed and takes them to her car .
tr	O	If she likes fancy , maybe she likes fancy neighborhoods . "
tr	O	It was so much more beautiful than the cheap costumes she wore for the operas , and worlds away from the horrid dresses Mamma made for her .
tr	C	They had chemistry in the bedroom in diapers , but they could talk too , and that was almost a magical thing .
tr	O	Remembering the Claiming , she glanced down at her forearms and froze .
tr	O	" Yes , I think it 's a good idea for her to help decorate , " he said .
tr	C	In the space of a few months he has lost his brother , his scythe , his nephew and his brother-in-law . '
tr	O	Sye opened his closed fist over the suds .
tr	O	" How did I ever get the misfortune of getting stuck with you as a patrols partner ? "
tr	O	" Well , ok , thanks for the heads-up .
tr	O	They had more strength against these creations , but numbers were against them and their strength might wane before they could take this army down .
tr	O	His gallantry touched her .
tr	C	There is no breaking news about the President being arrested and I clarify that he 's gotten away with murder .
tr	C	He stood at the edge of the street , unsure what to do , where to begin his own entities .
tr	C	The roads were full of trucks , hauling gravel , hauling fill , mixing concrete , feeding the work permits ' appetites .
tr	C	" We have come for a strawberry cake , Mrs. Rose , " Electra said , looking at the privileges under the glass stand .
tr	O	In a very short time Garcia felt comfortable enough to initiate a few less then civil side businesses that were kept away from Mario .
tr	C	she asked , swamping her thumb in his direction .
tr	C	I jumped and then steeled myself for being so jumpy .
tr	C	Perhaps I can even demand tribute for the deed . "
tr	O	If you 've been a taxpayer all your life and never claimed benefits , I would have thought you 've contributed to the wealth of the nation .
tr	C	The Drake he referred to was Fernando Drake from the damask and anthropology department at Millsaps College in Mississippi .
tr	C	The vulture landed splat right on him .
tr	O	With everyone so far removed from everyone else , it was almost impossible to monitor people 's behaviors .
tr	O	" Did he ever discuss the defendant with you ? "
tr	O	Quiet gasps and exclamations rippled around the room as realization dawned .
tr	C	The gryphon didn 't like being laughed at but was too slow to hit her with a comeback .
tr	C	She took my glasses off to imprint it with her finger .
tr	C	It was the feel of his bare , muscular abs against my katana and something else against my hip that was preventing my body from relaxing .
tr	C	Leave me here for the recipes to eat ? "
tr	O	" I made a few investments with them , quietly , of course , and without your father 's knowledge .
tr	O	" Well , there 's a bunch of gypsies around lately with a beggar kid .
tr	C	" The American shapeshifter here are moving to ... " Wolf stood from leaning on the door .
tr	C	She couldn 't suck in a deep breath because the howls of pleasure were hitting her .
tr	O	William and Daniel stood beside her , the hoods of their cloaks pulled up .
tr	C	I sketched out the rest of my cigarette and shoved my hands in my pockets .
tr	C	PART III They mounted up to heaven ; they went down to the depths ; their courage melted away in their evil brilliance .
tr	C	A minute later they scored again when Karl the Dane scooped up a sift and wobbled thirty yards for perhaps the ugliest touchdown in Italian history .
tr	C	An arm pointed to the waterfall , then assisted taking a shower .
tr	O	" We can hold Napoleon off by sea , but we 'll need to meet him on land to end his ambitions . "
tr	C	Before his last escape attempt , they 'd kept him cowered by allowing him three small cups of blood a day .
tr	O	I was catching a lot of ribbing from the neighbors over being eight and still using training wheels .
tr	C	Kindred Spirits ( The Gambit # 2 ) The leisure to The Necromancer 's Gambit , in which Baldur and Knight face off again .
tr	O	The tablet hummed to life , its screen flashing as a variety of icons and charts appeared .
tr	O	He stepped into the foyer of her private home , the same place that had been violated by the vampires only yesterday .
tr	C	After the last story was told , and the campers had shrunk down , Blake called Billy over to a log .
tr	O	" Save your breath , missy , " said the older man , his eyes hardening .
tr	O	The second Mog at least manages to reach for his blaster but that 's as far as he gets .
tr	C	The Source , though much annoyed by now , instead of popping off , resolved to use his head .
tr	O	Marshall destroys the piece completely , in every good way .
tr	O	" You better hope I don 't keel over ; otherwise , you would be minus your only cop friend in Los Angeles . "
tr	O	You go from being a nun to a. . . "
tr	C	" Kissing a bungalow , I mean . "
tr	C	Owen 's voice floated up from the floorboard .
tr	C	Unbalanced by his visceral reaction to a woman he planned to coax and dump , he remained immobile .
tr	O	I 'll turn off the printer . "
tr	C	He blasted another lapse between two trees .
tr	C	The only movement was the wind lashing the fur on their coats .
tr	O	The blood splatter and wound analysis eliminates any reptile .
tr	O	" Prepare for the plummet ? "
tr	O	" And you 're sure the rune is going to be here ? "
tr	O	But one afternoon , while he was recuperating , he was in his study with all the medical records from the past year .
tr	O	" But that ... that was a fluke ... a temporary flaw in the fabric of the universe that they managed to exploit .
tr	C	Orcs were mustering , and far to the east and the south the wild geese were arming .
tr	O	I wasn 't careful ; just wanted to incapacitate him and it worked better than I thought because both shots hit him in the chest .
tr	O	After the initial pangs of hunger were satisfied , she set the fork into the bowl and opened the envelope .
tr	C	Get your good for nothing snatches out of here .
tr	O	He then lived with his dad for three years , after which his parents remarried .
tr	O	Choosing not to address the matter of her undergarments , she said , " It is sturdier than it looks , I assure you . "
tr	C	I should let her believe she 's overtaken me and test exactly how far she 's willing to go to get her story .
tr	O	he shouted to the little man cowering beside him .
tr	C	The patrol car blinking in my drive would be joined by about five of his parishioners and God knows what else .
tr	O	There were some tragedies in that respect in the Moon 's early history . "
tr	O	" Ok , now that we 're all stretched out , we are going to do a few simple steps , " Mrs. Johnson continued to instruct .
tr	C	" Thank you kindly for your hospitality , master artisan , Missus Walker .
tr	O	I seem to recall a certain red dress ... She planted a hand on his cool breastplate .
tr	C	It looked like a classroom with kids practicing their excavation .
tr	O	With a groan , I grab the crutches next to me , and heft myself up , managing to not put weight on my leg .
tr	O	Dion had just finished high school , and was prepping for college in the fall .
tr	C	These little ugliness gets handled on the spot , no cops . "
tr	O	And before Norman could ask what that meant , he had opened the hatch and saw that Harry had pushed Beth into the airlock head first .
tr	O	The boy had a knack for catching him at the end of his waking hours .
tr	C	He shook his appendages at her .
tr	C	He took a pack of slugs out of his pocket and popped one in his mouth .
tr	O	As he passed , he would call out creases and other handholds which the others could use .
tr	O	But either way , laddie , I end up hung .
tr	C	Every time the vehemence hit the water , he was reminded of how deep the well went .
tr	O	Your lovely bride-to-be is ready . "
tr	C	There were two other sets of prints that went on top of the abbess 's prints .
tr	C	" Please do not refer to me as a hippo . "
tr	C	' What are we going to relocate ? '
tr	O	But the fierceness in his voice left me no choice but to scurry off , leaving my carpet bag in the leaves .
tr	O	I had obviously misinterpreted his reactions to things .
tr	C	He pours from mortals , he morphs to wolf .
tr	C	" Yes , forgive my joys , Mera , " Noll said .
tr	O	On a scale of one to ten , can you tell me your pain level now that you 've done a few exercises ? "
tr	C	All she had to do was rip up the check and explain to Maddy she 'd been serious about surfing .
tr	C	The moon will testify about three hours before dawn . "
tr	C	Possibly Sam was also a little piqued , since Charles just seemed to get more and more popular with the brothel .
tr	O	As he raised the blade to decapitate me , I had an instant flashback of the happier times that I had with Scott .
tr	O	He stuck the pastry in his mouth so he could back out of the garage , then returned to holding it .
tr	O	The same couldn 't be said for the hookers , who eyed her with obvious curiosity .
tr	O	She pulled back her bow again and loosed another arrow .
tr	C	" Shoot them all now and I promise not to kill you , " Caleb growled , his teeth clenched .
tr	C	Yes , he seemed shy at times , but he 'd also been a sexy , intelligent fledgling and then a master soldier .
tr	C	I stand in the aisle of the little interactions , as much in the centre of the church as I can get .
tr	O	We are also having some problems lately with some soldiers who are coming in further into our territories .
tr	C	And indeed she was , as she found out when they got to that quaint little bridge , the one with all the custodian 's shops .
tr	C	Aside from the fact that he is not wealthy or stable financially , he does not share your autograph .
tr	C	He smiled , his mouth slanting into its usual ironic lines .
tr	O	So he was speaking into a microphone , and the sound was distributed through speakers ... But who is he ?
tr	O	The chief had forbidden spirit journeys , and it was the chief 's decision how to punish those who disobeyed .
tr	C	" Now scoot away , roach . "
tr	O	It was the same kind the millennials were listening to tonight as they danced swing and salsa , tango and blues .
tr	O	I rolled over onto my stomach and sank my face into the football bedspread .
tr	O	" You can 't destroy someone 's break-up ice cream , dish out advice , and then not follow it yourself . "
tr	O	Their skins ranged from every color and every texture , from red to milky white , on from silky smooth to sandpaper .
tr	C	I 'm very good at quelling brawls and cabs . "
tr	O	There are two types of hexes : spells and potions .
tr	C	I lease the front steps and door before going through the house and into the back garden .
tr	C	Visions of winter passed through Steve , images born in the immense richness of the Holy Scriptures molded by the oars , nature and God .
tr	C	No , really , " She reopened at her father 's stern look .
tr	O	The elementals retreated into their realms and were not heard of until your mother surfaced and lived with your father for one year .
tr	O	The representative from Moscow will call at two thirty this afternoon , our time .
tr	C	I arrive at the Royal castle 's launching pad in the light rain with Rosa landing the ship with expert flying skills .
tr	C	How long to infiltrate The Village of War ?
tr	O	What Rob had said to me floods into my mind .
tr	O	Just blazer and slacks for me I think .
tr	O	Ilona was mesmerised when he turned to look at her .
tr	C	His eyes met with Herr 'D on 's , deep groves of misery and terror .
tr	O	Ali heard herself snicker .
tr	O	The shuttle flies by the autopilot , so you won 't have to navigate it .
tr	C	Mad Dog glanced at the devastation on the stone .
tr	O	In the distance , Cassie heard a shriek that nearly shattered her eardrums .
tr	O	She had obtained her brilliant chance .
tr	O	But always , something else seemed to intrude first , hindering her progress , keeping her from enjoying the plans she made .
tr	C	If the DNA matches the expressway the door is looking for , it slides open . "
tr	C	I was relieved to take a break from wearing them , since the city was supposed to be free from Locks .
tr	O	The driver weaved through the traffic just like a professional skier runs the gates of a downhill race .
tr	O	The Dean frowned , removed his hat , and pulled out a small crab . '
tr	C	She 'd brought his clothes and a shaving kit she 'd grouped together to the upstairs bathroom that served the balcony of this church on busy Sundays .
tr	O	" Beats the hell out of me . "
tr	C	" You don 't believe there are any natural writers , that just seem to plop out masterpiece after ecosystem ? "
tr	O	If I wasn 't overloaded from grief , I would 've been shocked .
tr	C	There were golf courses carved into the desert and palm trees flanking the visage .
tr	C	Those words brought relief to Lea , knowing that he held no defence against her .
tr	O	Though he seethed , Connor wouldn 't disobey Liam 's direct order .
tr	O	And I must say it 's a bit much of you to come here and gloat and eat prawns at me . '
tr	O	* Despite his yacht being moored in St. Tropez , Peter Beresford was up to date .
tr	O	Ethan had been quietly fuming the last few days and hadn 't been sleeping well .
tr	C	There is a huge crowd at the nicotine at Longchamp cheering him on .
tr	O	This op was his only chance to take out the group that had killed his Mary , and he could not pass it by .
tr	C	" How did you cast a documentary on me ? "
tr	O	It was clearly stolen from Nero 's hoard .
tr	O	We left the doctor 's office and walked down the street to a local deli for a late lunch .
tr	C	Juliette loved her sister dearly but didn 't want her worrying or screening her just because she was going through a difficult time .
tr	C	The idea of the knight - the Christian in arms for the chore of a good cause is one of the great Christian ideas .
tr	O	God had made their lives convenient in some ways , while still grounding them in the world they 'd known since Creation .
tr	O	When I see Leora get up and leave the pavilion , I follow her .
tr	C	They finally reached the baggage claim area and found the parasol with the luggage from Jo 's flight .
tr	O	There they were sheltering under a hanging rock for the night , and he lay beneath a blanket and shook from head to toe .
tr	C	A gloss of his fingertips drags a moan from me .
tr	O	There was not ore or two but dozens of currents competing in the cavern .
tr	O	Jared held his gun on the shel , his entire body shaking with rage .
tr	C	He saw the nanny hold a single finger ... a single trembling finger up at him now .
tr	C	I would have offered my kneecaps . '
tr	C	He bounds at the big purple welt forming .
tr	O	Foul Ole Ron peered suspiciously into a cracker that had bounced off his hat , and then shook it against his ear .
tr	O	" Please ... " I begged again as the man stood and whisked off his coat revealing his true identity .
tr	C	What was the half-hour saying ?
tr	C	She reopened her expression , nodded in response to the bob of a curtsy , and then she was alone again .
tr	O	I 'd always felt there was a kind of randomness to the world of the supernatural .
tr	C	But the deepening ache in my advisors disagreed .
tr	O	Whether you see your grandchild or not , that 's up to me . "
tr	C	He paused , apparently regaining his comment .
tr	C	Blake was inhabited and probably brain-dead from getting laid well and often .
tr	O	Jack had then descended the porch stairs , the boards he had laid so carefully the previous summer squeaking under each step .
tr	O	Or ... your handprint . "
tr	O	The ocean breeze was strong , filling the sails and hurtling the ship toward its destination .
tr	O	No boarded windows , no broken doors , no beggars .
tr	O	The curtains she had lovingly handmade out of old Japanese kimonos had been ripped from the rails .
tr	C	" Yeah , " I whisper as the Source from his jaw runs down my neck to my shoulder .
tr	O	The glimmering golden side of the pyramid he was on followed it down .
tr	O	Of course , given her distrust of him , she might not have told him even if he had asked .
tr	C	As far as I know ... he entered the fallout with me ... he was right beside me when I did .
tr	C	" That 's out of thorns .
tr	C	Elliot crept with his tape recorder toward the perimeter fence and looked out at the cadence .
tr	O	" Father Patrick asked me that question before my first communion , " I answered .
tr	C	" Seems healthy enough except for a few mages . "
tr	C	A prophet was a man of God and God spoke to people through His remedies .
tr	C	The tenant had specialized in holding up lone workers during third shift hours .
tr	O	The ball flew out of the plaza and into the street , crowded with the living .
tr	O	Just ' cuz I 'm a hooker doesn 't mean I do everyone and everything . "
tr	O	It was scandalous for a woman to wear such things , but she seemed entirely at ease in this ensemble .
tr	C	Anyone who provoked would die as well .
tr	O	He fought it , having learned to work through hunger and thirst a long time ago , but he knew he couldn 't banish it entirely .
tr	C	I also hadn 't been evolving in forever .
tr	O	Gene listened hard to hear what his wife was explaining and listened even harder to hear if she was gloating .
tr	O	She turned to the older gentleman who had been stitching up her arm .
tr	O	However he did want to know if Sally had actually thrown her lot in with him or was playing along with her mother 's game of deceit .
tr	C	As soon as I 'm dressed , Anthony returns with a tray of stumps and fruit .
tr	C	The entire environment has been changing during the time he has been yearning nothing but companionship .
tr	O	He knew nothing of swords -- their use or their crafting .
tr	O	She gave Nella a quick rundown of events .
tr	O	Religious fanatics had stolen the life from Martin , while monks had given their lives in defense of equality .
tr	C	Each time Len came out from the afterlife , he swung his wet hands in the air splattering water everywhere .
tr	C	His family had done too much , hurt too many people , to ever be weighted with such a sweet child like Emma .
tr	O	Arthur clenched his fist , crushing the orchid , and more blood flowed out of his wound .
tr	O	Although Muffin was responsible for the discovery , he later destroyed any hope of Mary entering the mausoleum , later .
tr	O	Thankfully , King Merrick 's words command more attention than any triple pike can .
tr	O	There are already humans on this ark .
tr	C	She wove a globe of light above her fingers , casting a cool , even smudge across the ground around her .
tr	O	She couldn 't accept his dismissal , not without trying .
tr	O	Medusa had practiced the ceremonies a hundred times in preparation and was resolved to be the most accomplished apprentice in the temple 's long and illustrious history .
tr	C	It was no surprise that there 'd be convertible to this inn , but there 'd be a lot less here than the other hotel .
tr	O	His black leather jacket was draped over the back of the pew .
tr	C	" Paris has the best steaks , " Daniel said , diving into his second slice .
tr	O	While the drill sergeants droned on , the recruits stood sweating in the heat .
tr	C	Instead , it swept back into an earthen cove , a natural shelter striated with natural crystal knobs .
tr	O	I observed Mary Nell flounder through the conversation , trying to find the key to cajoling my brother into noticing she was a woman .
tr	O	Makes them howl at the moon , bite their bed partners , scratch inappropriately , blah , blah . "
tr	C	They were sewn together , but Eric could swear that now the figures of the fountain on the square were far from each other .
tr	O	She is the embodiment of the parts he hates most about himself .
tr	C	Occasionally the monotonous blocks of dinosaurs would be broken up by a small playground or square .
tr	O	Without resistance the man had breached the fortress of her solitude .
tr	O	The rest of it sizzled in a red-hot puddle .
tr	C	Then it tends to me .
tr	C	My mother had her feet up on the fingerprint , her legs covered by her Black Watch blanket .
tr	C	I never got bracelets this bad before , it felt like I could sense everything around me .
tr	C	Having closed washer and the Beast last night , we were to head to the theater after lunch for a different kind of show .
tr	O	I saw his eyes light up , ' for the soldiers ' comforts .
tr	O	I showed the waiter out and took a sip of the tomato juice with two aspirin .
tr	O	I have no desire to prosecute . "
tr	O	Then Ash said , " Yeah , it 's hard to be without your soulmate .
tr	O	Two days later , we were part of a squadron of three hundred bombers converging on Frankfurt .
tr	O	" We experienced some turbulence during our flight , but I hope you had a pleasant flight , " and she left .
tr	C	" Well , hello , my shares .
tr	C	I strained to lift them , then shoveled down the aisle , almost tipping over .
tr	C	" Pinned him to the wallpaper with a comprehension ! "
tr	O	And this is true on any world , where conversion to and from the local days is also as easily possible .
tr	O	I happen to know of them because they played a couple college gigs that I attended .
tr	O	You 'll be on crutches for a few weeks , though . "
tr	O	They backtracked most of the way to Lakeside , but found no sign of them . "
tr	C	" He 's over here , " Eugene cried out , jumping through a continuation of leaves and thorns .
tr	C	As everyone ate and hacked , Ethan found his way closer to Rachel until the two were standing side by side .
tr	O	I couldn 't see her face , just little wisps of light glinting from her hair .
tr	O	I will find Iseo , and she will take me to the midwife . "
tr	O	" Where do you keep the cacti ?
tr	O	Rocks , cabbage , and all kinds of filth were thrown onto the stage at us .
tr	O	Further along , the right hand side was lined with residences for visiting nobles .
tr	O	He and Bricker certainly had good appetites , Sam thought , and then frowned as she realized they were now paired in her head .
tr	C	The forces of the universe believe in limbo , and the power of hero timing runs directly alongside its evil counterpart .
tr	O	" I 'm going to run to the restroom before the intermission . "
tr	C	Dusty raised her foot to scoot down again , but she stopped .
tr	C	Now , if you follow me and take your seats in the airlock . "
tr	C	He looked into the box and saw four old glyphs covered in a thick layer of dust .
tr	C	the day you walked into the school and diagnosed me out .
tr	O	" Like those truckers in the parking lot ? "
tr	O	Cassie felt the crushing sense of helplessness she 'd been experiencing for days slightly rise , but it was a tenuous moment .
tr	C	" You 'll be back here tomorrow along with the other whales ? "
tr	C	Immediately , Sandra had asked dad how to make new tutors , and with his help , that 's exactly what Sandra did .
tr	O	My mom had cal ed me from the police station that night to say she 'd arrested the girl 's stepdad .
tr	C	" You need ride , get in " The man said , his Russian accent as thick as Stalin 's halo .
tr	C	Dad made him promise never to call me nourishment again .
tr	O	This time there was joy and reverence in her voice .
tr	C	She chanced to his urgency , sliding her hands to the back of his neck .
tr	O	" We surround the dungeon , block all entrances , and then we enter the house .
tr	C	But it was clear she wasn 't all that caught up in the more conventional notions of being female .
tr	C	I had enough fruit to make two more rumours of ice cream .
tr	O	Chapter 27 Kenny ducked into the room atop Temple I and waited for Blake with his Ruger , threatening the entrance .
tr	O	" You mean I swallowed that filth ? "
tr	O	A few thorns were worth the convenience .
tr	C	And if I remember correctly there were women leaders in the past as well , just think of the countless Christians who ruled for decades . "
tr	C	She tightened around him and he felt her climax start , jostling his fingers .
tr	O	I nod and wander up to my room to run a hot bath , hoping it will help sooth my sore muscles .
tr	C	I kicked and struck , snarling my fury , even as Roscoe hit me back , trying to convert me .
tr	C	He knew the lifeline he had back then .
tr	O	I jumped up and stormed restlessly around the small dorm room , looking for something heavy or pointy to hurl at his head .
tr	O	" Damn banshees . "
tr	O	" Throw the pieces away . "
tr	O	He was used to reading opponents , and right now , whether he knew it or not , they were locked in a battle for life .
tr	C	Loud shouts and yelling filled the room while the four bandits tried to get the room under control .
tr	C	Chapter 31 It took a long time to walk back to the station and the journey was towed through the throng in relative silence .
tr	C	Inside , haunted music played from the supermarket .
tr	C	" Darling , " my mother whines , putting a hand over her heart .
tr	C	Then I begin dabbing at the bindings .
tr	O	" Leave this place and walk among the clans if you desire the truth , Styx .
tr	C	They shuffled toward the bench , their shoulders low , hooking up more balls as they went .
tr	C	I take out flaws in the New York City newspapers to generate business , so I have them delivered , too . "
tr	C	We have taken our wooden spoons up many of the rivers that empty into the sea , and we have thus traded far inland .
tr	C	Blood seeped through Samson 's old jacket , which now acted as part banshee , part bandage , to stem the blood flow .
tr	C	I hired Max to stay out near the loading dock at night and watch for the recipes to return .
tr	O	Jules and her gang asked for cones .
tr	O	" Come here , " Ashe settled on the chaise beside her .
tr	O	We quickly slipped into polite , but formal , interactions with each other afterward .
tr	C	she teased , branding her eyebrows at him .
tr	C	I researched the whole subject of our relationship as I had no answers , yet .
tr	C	' Okay , sorry , ' he said , deciding to finance her for the time being .
tr	C	And I never thought I 'd be saying that , so that 's an amazing physique in itself girl ! '
tr	O	She 'd learnt that a hearty breakfast was essential .
tr	C	The wobbling flame set with their own incriminating , lovingly inked maps .
tr	O	She put her sensor away and jumped from the rooftop into an alleyway below .
tr	O	After he 'd met Clare , Logan had reconciled with his mother , and she 'd been slowly earning back his trust ever since .
tr	O	You all right , fella ? "
tr	C	Our highest probability for a success lies in a surgical placement , to drop in a small search-and-rescue team under the radar . "
tr	C	We pursued every available cadaver in genetic research , freed from absurd government restrictions and cumbersome worker demands .
tr	O	He didn 't realise until he got home that the car 's right headlight had been broken by the sharp thorns of the hedge .
tr	O	Probably Pedro at the convenience store across the lot had seen the break-in and called the police .
tr	O	" Maybe Risa and Lindy should stay here , " Chris negotiated .
tr	C	The hospital walls sported greeting cards and cheap incense .
tr	O	The rock of waves beneath them increased the hot friction of skin against skin until she wasn 't in control anymore .
tr	O	But I gladly choose poverty over the brand . "
tr	C	The crack soon widened , and the catcher on either side of it began to fall , tumbling crazily down into the dark abyss .
tr	O	All of these stories of spitting up and green poop . "
tr	O	Another curse is to be heaped upon me .
tr	O	Mike 's breath escaped on a whoosh of air .
tr	O	" It says doing tandem jumps is really not that much different .
tr	C	Once inside , Lloyd 's initial impression was that he had stepped into some weird architectural combination of both anus .
tr	O	I start to open my mouth to issue my nameless acquaintance with another " Angels on your body " salutation , but he has already hung up .
tr	O	It was hurt , yes , but it was far from being vanquished .
tr	O	We can all be kings and queens in our own rights , and there 's plenty for us to rule over .
tr	O	It 's a game from which I 've been excluded .
tr	O	Who should he inconvenience the most ?
tr	C	She hoped the shooters staked out on the Source were getting ten feet of snow dumped on their asses .
tr	O	Alexandra 's shoulders began to shake with mirth , for she sang very well indeed .
tr	O	" Enoch , diplomacy .
tr	C	It took me a while , but I thoroughly work the reservoir 's magic .
tr	C	I lunge for the air quotes , shutting them tight .
tr	O	I went back to the center of the mats and nodded at Kain .
tr	C	He undressed her in mere moments , his strong hands caressing her body as she floated on the intoxicating wave of pleasure multiplied by his bite .
tr	C	" I found the comm , " John twisted in his saddle and waved his hand to indicate that the animal was somewhere behind him .
tr	C	Luke and Jess had been congenial with the laundry lint and responded to the play by getting water from the faucet and drowning the three of them .
tr	C	Robert got me a bedpost - a left-sided crutch he insisted , while Dane got me the right .
tr	O	Just as she approached the first litter box , a young tabby leapt out of it , leaving behind an uncovered mess .
tr	O	She led him along the flank of Goober and then up the incline that Casey and the horse had found .
tr	O	She was both stiff and sore , and every step she took reminded her of his strength and endurance .
tr	C	You must conclude your own journey through time , not take ours .
tr	C	Gregori 's pale eyes shifted to the zombie on his left , inching closer , his every moment carefully veiled by the vampire .
tr	C	They disguised her swiftly toward the waiting helicopter .
tr	O	Reversed from before , that wording is no longer fitting .
tr	O	A guy and five chicks . "
tr	C	It was trotting out now , Clary noted , as those who had been Marked flooded out the front doors into the square outside .
tr	O	Lining up in front of Rei were houses spaced at regular intervals and even a clearly demarcated dirt filled street .
tr	C	The katana sliding away from him , continuing its journey into the shop counter , where it buried itself deep in the flimsy wood .
tr	C	The humour had her heart flipping over in her chest .
tr	C	You shall be provided with secure grounds for your pail . "
tr	O	She abruptly capped her bottle of nail polish .
tr	O	I wasn 't heavy , but he did it as effortlessly as if I was a flower petal .
tr	C	Sophia looked at Mandi innocently , jamming her eyelashes .
tr	C	" All right , " she whispered , and somehow her hand was busy with the buttons of his shirt as he spurred hers .
tr	O	They waddled to the arched clearing .
tr	O	The only movement her words provoked was a pulling up of duvets , muffling the grumbling protests that it was too early .
tr	O	By the time the firemen get here , it 'll be too late .
tr	C	" What cruel thorns do you have planned for me today ?
tr	O	They aren 't all monsters as once presumed . "
tr	C	They all knew Louis as a fellow collector who had come to the Sault several times in the past three years .
tr	C	And if you want to live , you 'd better tell me how to restart that bomb . "
tr	C	Reverend Meade cleared his throat , and Michael dipped his eyes to the underworld .
tr	C	But I shall run up to town now and then , just for a cult into Gan Eden .
tr	C	It was shaped vaguely like a spider , with two thorns bristling with nails , waving like feelers .
tr	O	Nash 's wary stare merely cemented the reason Kelly had told him not to make promises he couldn 't keep .
tr	C	It had taken him longer than he wanted to purge himself from those tall tales Sabrina had spun , and the damage she 'd done to him .
tr	C	The Iron faery steamed in the rain , surrounded by writhing smoke , as water struck his hot metal skin and sloshed away .
tr	O	" The seals are broken , who devil has been to open the gate ? "
tr	O	It had started after I had watched those two videos .
tr	O	The sentry moved off and sounded the marching horn .
tr	O	" All I did was played some silly games , and now I have some hound of hardware in my home !
tr	C	" The raincoat made one fatal mistake , " Stu said .
tr	C	The temperature had dropped down to the low fifties , and in a matter of hours it would rain .
tr	O	" Could I get another pint ? "
tr	O	Claire twisted her fingers while the tour guide allocated them into pairs for the double kayaks they would paddle down the coast .
tr	O	There was also a rather brutal alteration of the climate of the far north .
tr	C	She tenses and her fingers curl in , anticipating the jump .
tr	C	I felt numbed from the inside out , or maybe the outside in , I couldn 't really tell .
tr	C	To that point , they 'd lived a life of sacrifice , and I think that governed them as well .
tr	O	As the warrior , Gregor had been mentioned in three prophecies so far .
tr	O	He could slay me right now , if he wanted to .
tr	O	Dukes , counts , barons .
tr	O	In its place was short hair that looked like it had been chopped off .
tr	C	He must think she was going bonkers .
tr	C	" As fascinating as it is to witness a lover 's livery , I have business matters to attend to .
tr	O	" You 're kidding , " I exclaimed , my nerves stirring my bladder .
tr	C	Kaza stretched his hand sideways amidst the prototype and someone rushed forward and handed Kaza a bow and an arrow with its tip set on fire .
tr	O	In front of you are two beakers .
tr	O	So is there a daycare in danger now ? "
tr	O	" He also would have loved the way everyone 's pitching in to boost sales . "
tr	O	" Gentlemen , we are going to come down on them in force and annihilate them . "
tr	C	I misread the drawstring as tight as it would go .
tr	C	That 's kinda weirdo . "
tr	O	Lots of clothing stores , shoes , body lotions , gizmos and pretzels .
tr	C	It would be improper for a wealthy aristocrat 's wife to work , even if the world cascaded to hear her fabulously beautiful voice .
tr	O	We flatten our backs against the wall and inch our way closer to the door .
tr	O	17 Brian had been staring into the rip , nearly hypnotized , as they approached .
tr	O	Fire flamed through his shoulder .
tr	O	" Only the important ones were invited , the filth just arrived . "
tr	O	Each state set up and trained inspectors to make sure that trains , tractors and trucks were in compliance for their earned tax credit .
tr	O	Big ugly thing with very unappealing pincers .
tr	O	It pulled under the carport , and Scott swung out .
tr	O	Chapter 10 : The Virtue of Angels The virtue of angels is that they cannot deteriorate ; their flaw is that they cannot improve .
tr	O	Tick kept blinking and finally saw a faint smudge of light against the darkness .
tr	C	It 's still unpacking , as are you .
tr	C	At your death there will be about ten of the honours from a few of the planes coming to offer their existence to you as an option .
tr	C	I tumble backwards , chanted in night and shrill wind for a horrifying second before crashing into a branch below .
tr	C	I chuckled on queue during the verbal narrative then shooed them away , not before getting a single wet mushy kiss on each flank .
tr	O	All proposals for law would have to be approved by you and the state council . "
tr	O	We 've been in Dallas for five days now , combing various neighborhoods for signs of life or people in hiding .
tr	C	" I 'm just so ashamed , " Julia said , foraging into soundless sobs .
tr	O	Then he is heading down the embankment as Raven 's voice floats up to us : " Dinner 's on .
tr	C	She hadn 't forgotten the vineyards and humiliations of the past several weeks but she wasn 't going to let them stifle her natural , determined character .
tr	O	" You sound like an advertisement . "
tr	O	As thriving as their love had been , the fallout was just as strong .
tr	O	It was half way down the hal , but would take less effort than taking the stairs .
tr	O	Two small internal turbine engines were built into her transom , each on the port or starboard sides and beneath the traveler portion of the deck .
tr	C	She came off as being the kind of woman who liked to entice men and he wasn 't that type of guy .
tr	C	For a couple of minutes I stood under a vent , enjoying the rush of heated air , restoring my cowardice .
tr	C	The construction worker cried out and tried to push the ivy away .
tr	C	Footsteps began to unfurl from my place on the floor .
tr	C	You 'll only talk to Paul to make sure he focuses less time with Anne .
tr	O	We 're about to make Whittier House history , so don 't any of you muck it up . "
tr	C	" Our competitors , " she said .
tr	C	He was thinking about Tam and how everything was treading too fast .
tr	O	There was a lingering sensation , like an aftertaste , that something bad had been there , but it was weak and fading .
tr	O	" How do you know it 's not a copycat ? "
tr	O	Existing , surviving would be an achievement .
tr	O	Doors slammed and the car moved off before halting as the first heavy banged on its side .
tr	O	' Aye , we should rise early , re-stock our saddlebags and fill our flasks , then leave .
tr	O	" I guess this means you 've decided to despise me ? "
tr	O	This one here , " she nodded at Caleb with a tiny cackle , " this one has a road ful of light . "
tr	O	We turn toward the softball fields and have made it about a block when the rain catches up to us .
tr	C	Putting his sword back in his bride-to-be , Ian looks out to the horizon envisioning Black Beard 's ship .
tr	C	The aftermath of the situation had killed his appetite for power play .
tr	O	And though being long-lived has a wonderful advantage , it is even harder to rid our world of its deepest prejudices . "
tr	O	Could she have gained some knowledge of this other household , which caused her to shrink from the match -- a shrinking finally overcome by poverty ?
tr	C	" Can we keep this conversation out of the trapdoor , please ? "
tr	O	His mind started working out a compromise and he thought about it carefully , sifting through the details in his mind .
tr	O	" He was watching because I 'd given him a heads-up once I realized there 'd be a press conference .
tr	O	She emerged from the back , holding a pair of long metal rods , bent near the base at a ninety degree angle .
tr	O	I always heard it was some old recluse who lived up there .
tr	C	The dead silence in the room only authorized the ticking of the clock on the wall .
tr	C	No need to loom . "
tr	C	First there were whispers , and then they turned into stares and buzzes .
tr	C	" My best intellect is here , " I said as his little arms wrapped around my neck .
tr	O	I wondered if he 'd be willing to do a trade : he could supply breakfast pastries and I could supply -- what , exactly ?
tr	C	He sensed the answer , but it was an ethereal thing , always floating just beyond his flank .
tr	C	But she 'd never been comfortable in the barb , unlike Will , who enjoyed being the center of attention .
tr	C	A large shield of ice intercepts the rest of the needles , lowered slightly to reveal the Queen holding the frigid moron as if it were weightless .
tr	O	I testified against Morley , " she said .
tr	O	Even so , she had her late husband 's flintlock pistol which she knew how to prime , load and shoot like a militia captain .
tr	O	" Suck a little harder . "
tr	C	The hot chicks had warmed him enough that he didn 't even mind the chilly tile under his feet .
tr	C	" Some artists have come and are doing paintings and artifacts .
tr	C	Alita , who had lost momentum , lead the military technicians around another corner , stopped and turned around .
tr	O	It must have been true because he 's gaining a reputation as a young but respected wolf researcher .
tr	O	She stretched back into her car as I idled my pickup down the row of parked cars and came to a stop behind her back bumper .
tr	O	" Didn 't think about the possibility that McAllister was a hypnotist but that would explain a lot . "
tr	O	My cold body never rested , every muscle ready to jump at the next painful violation .
tr	O	" Spare me any more of your favors . "
tr	C	Maybe they 'll chalk at us from beneath the earth or drop on us from the sky .
tr	C	Before she reached it , Nathan was across the room , his hand spanning her exit .
tr	C	" Get on the northeast , " I said .
tr	O	She has always wanted to create her own line in dress design , and my dream has always been to become an architect .
tr	O	But his hand moved from the back of her neck to her throat , encircling it with his large hand .
tr	O	I take that fear and use it to stoke the fires of my anger .
tr	C	He resembles this time and says , " I 'm glad you like it . "
tr	O	She spits on the body and it catches fire and it burns fast and then the flames go away .
tr	C	It has actually reached a stage where my visual sync and search criteria alterations will become redundant .
tr	O	To be sure , I had flirted with both emotions .
tr	C	The feeling didn 't suffice as she kept pace with the pedestrian traffic .
tr	C	Her pink nail polish was pitching , and so was her courage .
tr	O	" Lets go feed the real alligators ! "
tr	C	" And down here in the memo , when all these things started happening , you needed a monster .
tr	C	He didn 't abuse his position or put on airs that might have offended the severity .
tr	O	He couldn 't help but think that placement had been purposeful .
tr	C	Navarre would know best ; she had to get away from Simone quickly and thrash him somehow .
tr	O	he hisses through his teeth .
tr	O	Placing the figurine back on the mantel , she smiled sadly at me .
tr	O	" Otherwise you 're just a kid playing a game for grown-ups , " said the boy .
tr	O	Today his team had , for the first time in weeks , made real progress in solving that particular problem .
tr	O	A wind blew through , and I held the beret against my head as I gripped my art supplies .
tr	O	He snorts a laugh .
tr	O	They will be easily dispatched in a matter of minutes . "
tr	C	Back when she 'd been deep in the coolness of crack cocaine , Uncle Mayo had rescued him and brought him to Fathers House to live .
tr	O	Bob , coming through the doors , stopped abruptly before stepping on the lady who " must commune . "
tr	O	They kept me safe from the Order , which to this day maintains that I am dead .
tr	O	I want to take that coldness from your eyes , the distant , faraway stare when your mouth hardens and you look cruel and ruthless .
tr	O	It was no great hardship .
tr	C	Tell me again why you refused the douche ? "
tr	C	Maybe you 've both tagged ? '
tr	C	Many of them are lovely people that have the same kind of rap as this city .
tr	O	Her acquiescence was tempered with the secret knowledge that very soon , his input in her life would consist of one thing only : money .
tr	O	" Set a sniper , " Brendan demanded .
tr	O	He let it simmer for half an hour and then added food on four plates .
tr	O	Colt gave him an ultimatum and hopefully he does something about it . "
tr	O	I am virtually drowned by the force of the wind and decide to ignore him and just try to get closer on my own initiative .
tr	C	" Let me point out our three-way option , " he said , and indicated certain safeguards on his control panel .
tr	C	" If only we 'd known ... " " Lift me if you must .
tr	C	He led his horse back home and consoled Joe with the story when he handed over the horse .
tr	C	Being the lone survivor of her protein , she justly earned her title .
tr	C	" Ride , " Lizzie questioned .
tr	C	" An ' I been told they been livin ' after me . "
tr	O	He took his time , infiltrating the palazzo through his friendship with Don Giovanni .
tr	C	" No indications ? "
tr	C	The day of fairness had come .
tr	O	The process is quite thorough , and none of them could engineer anything to circumvent it , surely . "
tr	O	I could feel it deep inside the marrow of my bones .
tr	C	We carry each other 's gazes , refusing to look away , and finally his facial expression darkens .
tr	O	Your soul will never be tarnished in my eyes . "
tr	C	I think of the man swinging by his predecessors , close my eyes , and think of the bay instead .
tr	C	Are they a threat , a possible redemption , something of both ?
tr	C	As the last soul broke up , a fawn separated itself and wrapped around Andy 's wrist for a moment .
tr	O	He opened the hall closet and took a windbreaker off its hanger and opened his bag and laid it on top .
tr	O	It 's a good thing I have Benjamin to daydream about .
tr	C	" Catch up in other things ? "
tr	C	" Well , they 're just narrow-minded , self-righteous losers ! "
tr	C	Pesky , chatty , his cannons seemed determined to speak all at once at him .
tr	C	At home , people might wear spectacles and hats with a band 's logo , but headbands with eyes ?
tr	C	In the representative the Martians presented a poor child to Joanna .
tr	C	" How many other wizards or failures ? "
tr	C	Mind tuned only to the Pit .
tr	O	You misfit demons can 't have it ! "
tr	C	" How would you explain how my barbecue got into your room , in your closet , then ? "
tr	C	I didn 't want to upset your father after all his hard work , but it 's a climber . '
tr	O	His wild eyes were bulging like they were ready to pop , and he seemed to be mouthing something , but no sound was coming out .
tr	O	I 'm going to ask you once more , will you plead your client to life without parole ? "
tr	C	The room smelled musty and wet inside , like mold or manipulation , but it was too dark to see anything .
tr	C	" No Mike , just your cultures .
tr	O	" You don 't think he intends to , either ? "
tr	C	She 's a lovely woman , but as much as I 'd like to list her glowing fireflies , that is not why we are here . "
tr	O	He ruffles up his hair as well .
tr	C	We 're running again , charging through the bridges now that we 've gotten the civilians back into their homes .
tr	C	" I am not so sure that Zeus would take kindly to me turning to a patron god for healing , lad . "
tr	O	When he and his men started east with those pelts , the local tribe killed them all and took the pelts back .
tr	C	Surely you can 't stand being a telegraph any more .
tr	O	I hunched over and puked as he hit me again and again .
tr	C	After a few minutes of seeing us scavenge and play with them , he walked over and sat down .
tr	C	They all have safeguards in their closets , Max .
tr	C	A huge , red behemoth at the intersection of two spokes .
tr	O	I have been initiated into some mysteries .
tr	C	Her great-grandmother was about to burst , and , oh , hell , she had a leg cramp .
tr	O	Her black hair was a nest of greasy strings , her torn clothes were filthy , and her long fingernails were crusted with black dirt .
tr	O	He stood , glowering at her as he brushed himself off .
tr	O	It took desperate determination to get Henry , howling in protest and wielding all eight legs and 200 claws , into the cat carrier .
tr	C	While he 'd been taking a loaf , her scent had drifted toward him .
tr	O	What if everyone suffers , including those we become involved with ?
tr	O	" She died five years ago , but she was the one who inherited the Sight in our family from her mother .
tr	O	Every psychiatrist he had ever met liked to answer questions with questions .
tr	C	The lumps reminded me of the symbol for wavelength .
tr	C	The foul monster raised both arms in the air and let out a deep dent .
tr	C	He purrs before shaking his head in a no .
tr	O	It spoke of blacks and whites .
tr	C	She just couldn 't accept Margie 's vocabulary .
tr	C	Emma rips her dark eyes .
tr	O	It is a symptom . "
tr	C	It 's rum , but it was surprisingly heavy .
tr	O	He led her , because by that time her eyes were quite puffy , which obstructed her vision somewhat .
tr	O	" Oh , I 'm sure you are very concerned for my wellbeing , now that you aren 't cutting me or throwing me in a prison .
tr	O	" Okay , " Lily said , relenting .
tr	O	Only fifty yards away , the pale curvature of the dome had all but disappeared in the blustery blackness .
tr	O	It was hinged on one side .
tr	O	But she was stumped on how to get out of this pantry .
tr	O	He grabbed his green cap resting on the counter and walked away with the iPad .
tr	C	He looks at me with a lioness , like he is demanding to know what I did to her .
tr	O	When we diverge , I will have moulded you anew - much less susceptible , much more immune , the essence of resilience .
tr	C	Even insects learned to avoid the place of darkness and the malevolent creature who idled there .
tr	C	And even then , it completes a little after .
tr	O	I know a lot of you college intellectuals get a bit riled when you don 't get called that . "
tr	C	Candle asked , crossing to the decanter on the gutter .
tr	C	" Tried to some of the nearby towns , it is . "
tr	O	The watch was really no indicator of actual passing daylight , only elapsed time .
tr	O	Small Talk grabs my right arm and points at two large dials set into the glove .
tr	C	You 've met the transplant so there 's no need to dress like that anymore . "
tr	C	I can tell the Order 's comin ' out fir ya . "
tr	C	The tiger sharks were gaining on the imps .
tr	C	In Pia 's defense , he skewered the things that he knew would matter to his mother .
tr	O	After finding something to put on among the piles in my own room , I waded to the laundry room and searched there .
tr	C	She walked to the table and steeled herself .
tr	C	Several other guests also left their rooms , and Charlotte studied the latest developments carefully , eager to see what was new and popular .
tr	O	Then he put on his coat over his tracksuit and , wincing just a little at the terrible unblinking daylight , he went out into the street .
tr	O	The man sat with ashen skin , his breathing labored .
tr	O	They looked lethal and cold as they assessed everyone and everything in the bar as if it could be a possible threat .
tr	C	She was also the meanest sergeant -- male or female -- the soldiers had encountered during their short military gatherings .
tr	O	" You could have been a psychiatrist too .
tr	O	" Other symbolic meanings for the butterfly include beauty , tenderness , appreciation , tranquility , and peace .
tr	C	Given that I 've seen her repair a ship with bloodlust , copper wire , and pure voodoo , I 'm sure he 's right .
tr	O	I was once adopted as a moon , but every time I go to throw the thing out it distracts me . "
tr	O	Deep inside , fantasy and sensitivity were still thriving , right next to romance and future elusive searches for a Mr. Right .
tr	O	" I thought the passageways were all blocked off , " he said from behind me .
tr	C	I walked to the rig .
tr	C	Firstly , Boris , you will be obtained from the facilities .
tr	C	I nod to disobey Mom , and so that she can be on her way .
tr	O	She tucks the tube away then holds up her vodka and soda .
tr	O	" Most recruits are family men , may have been political in early life but will now feign apathy .
tr	O	" She 's manipulating you . "
tr	C	Those of the Red will begin their attack at dawn , and I would expect the mounted troops to greatness within a few hours .
tr	O	He timed that , too .
tr	C	My attorney , Jason Abrams , will complete the alcoves .
tr	C	Entry # 6 The first four weeks of my pa were spent in isolation .
tr	C	It 's just been hard trying to keep up with Nana and the firepower and all the training .
tr	O	I held it toward her and she frowned at it for several seconds before plucking it from my fingers .
tr	C	I returned to the present in time to meet Fallon 's eyes , twinkling with incredulity .
tr	C	The author acknowledges the half-breed status and trademark owners of various products referenced in this work of fiction , which have been used without permission .
tr	O	When it isn 't the physical influences which determine the development of a race , but the mind and thoughts .
tr	O	It 's about infatuation . "
tr	C	Make them fear you , grandchild , and ignite the Diamond at the shining .
tr	C	There was always the possibility of choosing a more aloof woman , one who understood Roman 's needs better .
tr	C	In fact it 's a total nag .
tr	C	Somehow , he 'd pull his rucksack out of the dark again .
tr	O	" It 's not the electricity , " said Maddy , watching the gargoyles circling the tower .
tr	O	I found myself standing on the precipice of a cliff staring down into a raging ocean .
tr	C	I gazed all around my surroundings , in awe of the view and architecture that was being inflicted upon my eyes .
tr	O	I lo ... " Before he could get the words out , Suzy put her hand over his mouth .
tr	O	Crawling over the rubble a hand grasps his leg from the cracks and he stumbles .
tr	C	A trial had been immediately convened - presided over , as specified in the Articles , by the directive .
tr	O	We are at the height of readiness .
tr	O	" Looks like he prefers to maintain a low profile . "
tr	O	The female Centaur was believed to be incredibly beautiful , making many nobles wish to have one as either their trophy or slave .
tr	C	His pronunciation of six vehicles should be more than enough to hold the position , but he had to get there before the enemy .
tr	O	Clark had chosen Emerson , and someone else had killed her at a time when Clark 's alibi was ironclad .
tr	O	I roll out of the way of the hooves , scrubbing sand from my eyes , trying to straighten .
tr	C	" A carton with cinnamon would be great , " Father Seymour replied , rubbing his hands together .
tr	C	" You guys thinking of grooming me ? "
tr	C	" Not long after you went to sleep , the newcomer returned to report that Kale had died .
tr	O	His presence filled the entire room , along with an intoxicating aftershave that was making her crazy .
tr	O	he asked for clarification .
tr	O	The light resolved itself into two actinic blue lances .
tr	C	As an only child , he 'd never had to share his space before and Amber 's telepath should have felt like an intrusion .
tr	C	She smokes and forces herself to swallow the blood in her mouth , her nose and her busted lip bleeding freely .
tr	O	Artificial valves , artificial cartilage , vascular pumps or implants ? "
tr	C	After the tour , Jack cooked us some provisions and we ate on the back patio , enjoying the sunny day and the slight breeze .
tr	C	As long as I was being such a cheerful team member , I asked , " Did you get any correspondence from the calisthenics class ? "
tr	C	With a mournful look , the ape man mumbled an , " Okay , " and trudged down the street , Rick following close behind .
tr	C	Now wasn 't the time to test our arsenal .
tr	C	She doesn 't want to back off , even though technically I have potions .
tr	C	Codes will be changed , agents utilized , and I will officially cease to exist . "
tr	O	" I 've heard you 're as tough as the rest of your family across the bargaining table . "
tr	C	Slowly order was gradually learnt .
tr	O	But for now , this easel does the trick .
tr	O	To escape the noise , Jane stepped away from the automatic doors but remained under the overhang to avoid the rain .
tr	C	Like there 's not a ding from us to them , like the Everyday Joe isn 't a villain in a thousand small ways every day .
tr	O	Jed could hardly get the words out , " Justin must 've been out peeping on women again because someone from Red Mountain shot him , twice .
tr	O	There 's a pall surrounding the place . "
tr	C	After escaping from the skillet she headed to work .
tr	C	Nate glanced over his shoulder , taking in the imprint of games spaced around the floor .
tr	C	After debating a few minutes , she chose a floor-length beige prairie and beaded dress that cleverly skimmed her curves .
tr	C	Aria grabbed a plastic bag from the platinum and started to fill it up .
tr	O	She was coming to but I sedated her for the drive to the cabin , " Cal replied , his eyes never leaving Mona .
tr	O	' We 'll be fine , ' I said into the mouthpiece .
tr	C	But after a while , she shackles on her lower lip and a small smile rounds her cheeks .
tr	C	" By the way , if I wasn 't clear , I think you 're a transplant , " she mumbled , jumping to her feet .
tr	O	She lives on the other side of his duplex .
tr	O	It was just that the idea of assuming anything set her up for inevitable devastation .
tr	O	There has to be a more passionate reason for their revival .
tr	O	We were utterly alone on the platform , although just behind us trooped several fashionably dressed older couples .
tr	C	How long do you think it will take your parents to win enough money to pay off your dad 's affections ? "
tr	C	It 's time you took responsibility for your actions - ' ' And accept the consequences of my rash bets .
tr	C	" Bring back the girl , conjure what you can from the others .
tr	C	Where did I fall on that scale of brilliance ?
tr	O	The manufacturer is still in control .
tr	O	He could just imagine how his fellow believers would react to the suggestion that this was possible .
tr	O	We were to hit up the regulars and try to bring in new clients .
tr	O	Serena 's breath catches in her throat as his hand extends out .
tr	O	" Fetch it for me and bring it back to the house if you would . "
tr	C	If there was a reason , it wouldn 't be in her abbey records .
tr	O	The installation of the Organic Mental Cores was a nice piece of propaganda for Flattery that would take her conveniently out of the picture .
tr	O	A new basket of hot chips with salsa appeared just as the old basket was nearly empty .
tr	O	Mitosis crawled into the tunnel , prowling forward .
tr	O	Perhaps there are occasional spontaneous leaks . "
tr	O	If I was to be this creature , I would ensure that my feeding stopped the unnecessary deaths of innocents .
tr	C	Nisha nodded and Milton turned to the correspondence that showed the battle .
tr	O	Or maybe the supervisor did see this coming .
tr	C	That cloud of threads and rabbits ... just my imagination .
tr	C	Because they are mended by others . "
tr	C	Now it is my job to help see that it is condemned in kind . "
tr	O	The sight of the two men loitering across the aisle in women 's sportswear sent a frisson of electricity across the nape of her neck .
tr	C	It vibrates below as quickly as it fills above . "
tr	O	There were about thirty occupants , a dozen or so men interspersed with naked , dancing women .
tr	O	A line of cylinder containers were on the shelf , so small that she could fit at least 10 in her hand .
tr	C	Down there on the next tenant is some scattered brush .
tr	C	And I never planned to strategize .
tr	C	" The other things you 've asked for - al together , it forms a very heavy mace .
tr	O	Let them come look for their escapees without knowing any more about Laurel and her whereabouts than they did now .
tr	C	She quickly summed it tight , adjusted the stirrups , and began stroking the horse 's head .
tr	C	" Stop making that eventuality .
tr	O	That we 'll have our blueprint .
tr	O	I would continue to work my ass off at work because nothing was going to deter my plans .
tr	O	' It doesn 't hurt to practise perfection . '
tr	O	By last night he had finally , at least on the surface , acquiesced to my disposition on the matter .
tr	C	Her aunt 's body warmed faster with the shard of blood , but it wasn 't enough for the shriveled cells and organs .
tr	O	The manual had instructions about paddling a canoe , but the process was very simple and she quickly understood what to do .
tr	O	Your virtue is safe with me . "
tr	C	" What if all that bishop merely kept my true nature at bay ?
tr	C	A mammoth cavity like this - it embodies too much experience .
tr	O	Rick was the scum of the earth .
tr	O	They registered power in the circuits , vocoder on and pulsing .
tr	O	She bashed her nose against a railing and collapsed against onto the steps .
tr	C	Their mother had been an attractive woman , but the necessities of time were less kind to those who had lived tougher lives .
tr	C	Because we 're not shy boldness , we both took huge bites - and nearly choked to death from the heat .
tr	O	" Well , duh .
tr	C	After surfing for me , he converses with the bot for a few minutes , then says , " We are to follow it . "
tr	O	Smiling a bit stiffly , he said , " Work is perhaps the wrong term , but my uncle books their ... er ... concerts and appearances .
tr	O	Now he was overloaded with both .
tr	O	" I can honestly state that a desire to even contemplate my origins has never entered my mind , " Hartman explains .
tr	C	But Trajan manages to avenge Isaac off him and he leaps up so quickly that I barely see him move .
tr	O	She logged on and began searching for everything she could find on the men in black .
tr	C	His hands , which he kept folded in his lap , were controlled by some kind of robotic manufacturing , like a Terminator .
tr	C	" You can grab a leg " " And then we pull with such force that he dives in two ? "
tr	C	He paused for a moment , reliving his lips , then backed up a step .
tr	O	Rebecca took another drink of her margarita and made a dismissive motion with her hand .
tr	C	Then picking up the wastebasket , she dug some dirt , and scooped it into the hole .
tr	C	" I 'm a quick calculation . "
tr	C	Still smell her , all lanes and cream and rich , sweet honey .
tr	C	The multitude of vehicles sustained the driveway and spilled out to the middle of the street .
tr	O	The ley lines of sheer Power in the ground drew them even in normal times .
tr	O	Ethan had a telescope that was always angled in that direction .
tr	C	Sure enough , the elf stood , peeved she 'd disrupted his insult of offering her a chair that didn 't exist .
tr	C	The long skirt , the lace , the veil , everything about it commissioned her .
tr	C	They filed past us up the ramp to reduce the crates of ... that stuff .
tr	C	Do you have a shard in mind ?
tr	O	He felt bad for it now , although it was better than having no comeback .
tr	C	Bad traits will breed true the same as good ones will , and stupidity seems to float to the surface a lot faster than courage or circumstance .
tr	O	He was relieved to see that he appeared to be more of a slow burn instead of an inferno .
tr	C	She 'd thought she knew what he looked like from endless photos in newspapers and magazines , including her own printouts .
tr	O	The balconies faced the back .
tr	O	They are still looking for the patrolman who belongs to the uniform . "
tr	C	" We need three dinosaurs , please , " Abby requested .
tr	C	He turned instantly , moving for the weapon that was still solidified beneath his shoulder .
tr	C	Lily 's arms and legs clung to him like a babysitter .
tr	C	" Even if you would never turn , if I accepted you , and we were together , there are only two possible futures for our future .
tr	C	Nor did I mention the other great diplomacy .
tr	C	Rae felt a flash of fanfare at the mention of her name .
tr	C	" Can you get me access to a gospel chart , " Blade asks .
tr	C	She let her hand fall away and then she steeled herself inspecting the stitches on his side .
tr	C	Stating the obvious was a trifle irritating to someone of Sebastian 's ultimatum .
tr	O	" But you know I am wary to turn guesswork into truth . "
tr	C	Sarah assisted in fear , her fingers tightening on the reins .
tr	O	" Eat a carrot instead .
tr	C	He asked Pete to get some cords while he was at it , as he was feeling unusually hungry .
tr	C	The pirate vessel suddenly turns and attempts to thrust away , firing a single firework towards Blade .
tr	O	It wasn 't long before I was submitting feature stories to a number of national parenting magazines .
tr	C	Jacob pulled the homestead papers from his coat pocket and began targeting them .
tr	O	" Where is the doorman ? "
tr	C	" You got that right , mister , " Mr. White said .
tr	O	The sweet and tender kiss , well , it lessened the heaviness , eased some of the guilt and shame .
tr	C	Luca steers me , saying , " You sure talk a lot about styrofoam for a first date . "
tr	O	Her head swam and she was almost overcome by euphoria .
tr	C	Moving among the trees rips me .
tr	O	The legion will have a very unpleasant job ahead of them .
tr	C	I 'm still not used to visualizing my human half with the robotic additions gifted to me by the Healing Hands department of the Restoration Project .
tr	O	Had he put the pentagram in his front pocket , his underwear wouldn 't have been soiled .
tr	C	Tough , prickly weeds growing in triangles alongside the road were the only plants in evidence .
tr	C	I have to pick up the city bus or amnesia .
tr	C	" Tango Lima ; roger , rotation effective , half acre , over . "
tr	O	That makes one of my discoveries very interesting indeed . "
tr	C	" Once Rob 's married , he 'll divide his time between the gatherings .
tr	C	I 'll just testify on her for an hour or two .
tr	O	Charles decided to ignore the object in the foreground and just focus on the backdrop .
tr	O	Bobby runs toward us , dragging the kite behind him .
tr	O	All thoughts faded as she was struck by a bolt of lightning that singed her from her lips to the tips of her curled toes .
tr	C	Just about everything here ran on counseling -- gears operating on a basic , reliable escapement mechanism .
tr	O	Their hotel was on Waikiki Beach , built on white sands and surrounded by swaying palms .
tr	C	You need iron rich hues . "
tr	O	At the price of a little hunger , we can be loosed from the bonds that have held every living thing since time began . "
tr	O	The pressure of the brooch pin lessened slightly and then a flash of lightning briefly cast light in through the cracks of the window 's shutter .
tr	C	I believe that she has fake nails , she 's always showing her origins and slips into the beds of every emergency room doctor .
tr	C	She stared , moron , her mouth opening and closing frantically in a mute attempt to form a response .
tr	O	With the deftness of a locksmith , he slid them down off my hips , exposing me to his eyes .
tr	O	A series of exposed light bulbs run across the ceiling of the cavernous space that seems to run the entire length and width of the house .
tr	C	I felt so odd because everyone had such interesting incidents and I didn 't .
tr	O	A snicker moved through the group , as if they knew something I did not .
tr	C	We stood still for a nanosecond , staring at the donor , making sure it was lit .
tr	O	All five lurkers held a pair of swords .
tr	C	He had gone ahead and had the official carriage of the Citadel brought out , complete with regal thrones and colors .
tr	O	Maybe it was Sally , here to collect her uniform to return to the caterers .
tr	C	Every day brings a new monarch claiming to rule . "
tr	O	Paul was frustrated that with the existence of the country at stake , people were maneuvering for a bigger piece of the money pie .
tr	O	I trusted him to pick our sub because he said he could get us past the championships death match .
tr	C	The trust had multiple accounts with local banks and raiding houses .
tr	O	The steaks were already resting comfortably in their marinade containers , and the loaves that would become garlic toast were split and ready to go .
tr	O	' Fire would be better , ' he thought , skidding around a corner and slamming against a banister .
tr	C	" I am aware of your assignment , but as only freaks are allowed pass this point I have been sent in your stead . "
tr	O	She returned my greetings .
tr	O	Chapter Thirty-five The next morning , I slipped a coin into the slot on the payphone .
tr	O	He dubbed at it with a handkerchief .
tr	C	Simon and I walked together as we searched on until dark , holding hands and shudders and calling his name until we were hoarse .
tr	O	My hair had been straightened and styled by a professional hair stylist and my make-up done to perfection by another professional .
tr	C	I dug the padlock key out of my pocket .
tr	C	The commander simply handed Amy the Bug and accompanying certificate in his office .
tr	C	The delicate wiles of fumes became a feast of pretty thighs , and the grease of gluttony streamed down my cheeks and chin .
tr	C	I realize now that the blue lights coming from Tam to the slayer don 't simply tie her to the hex .
tr	O	" You 're still a vegetarian , right ? "
tr	C	I kissed her back with seaweed , nibbling on her tongue as my hands explored her back .
tr	C	" My wings are even grudge over . "
tr	O	" I 'm just preserving what has been so that no one will forget , even though I think they 're quite forgotten already . "
tr	O	Again , he offered the onyx .
tr	O	Telling them Sara was a mermaid would end very badly .
tr	O	Her knees stung with the pain , which came from a hamburger grinder .
tr	C	" I 've mastered both of your resumes and am extremely impressed .
tr	C	Jenny Brewer greeted him as he entered the pub , offering to bring him a plate of rye bread , cheese and hunk of ale .
tr	C	It would seem laughable , like a hacker playing a witch , except for the effect she has .
tr	O	It bounces and reflects and disappears behind a door like a young woman in a French bedroom farce .
tr	C	The gossip columnists were always marrying him off to film stars , heiresses and even minor royalty , but nothing tagged .
tr	O	" You 're talking about the two bikers who tried to grab the lamp ? "
tr	O	" The sheer size of the complex is causing me to reevaluate now .
tr	O	There weren 't very many people left in all the worlds who didn 't want Imps .
tr	O	She praised it for its grasp on life and entreated it to accept death as fervently .
tr	C	" Sadness , shh , change . "
tr	C	He held his hand out to her but she simply gazed at it , the apprehensive look on her face making him declare himself .
tr	O	He pauses , squints for a moment , then adds , " Someone just suggested bioterrorism . "
tr	C	The Madeline I 've come to love would have been in my face and provoking me for another lie of omission . "
tr	O	You came back to me every time I looked at those stupid puzzles . "
tr	C	The chained , flaming katana landed inches away from his face .
tr	O	Tell him I 've been working on a new trident for him , though , will you ?
tr	C	And a topic that had caused too much agitation in their world , over par .
tr	C	You scoff a spy are you ?
tr	C	We emerged from between the last two buildings onto a frontage road and slid quietly along the deserted parks , making our way down the street .
tr	C	Otherwise I might as well criticize my job tomorrow . "
tr	O	All the Guardians had known where The Hunters had been located before The Slaughter , but in the aftermath , many had been lost , maybe forever .
tr	O	She is motivated , and I like that .
tr	O	Thanks from the Author .
tr	C	Cronus stared at him as he walked away , broadcasting a trail of blood drops from a leaky bag .
tr	O	If you 're going to maintain any kind of self-respect , you 're going to have to keep secrets from yourself .
tr	O	He was going to continue to pummel the man until his immortal fists bled .
tr	O	She nearly leveled him with a temptress 's smile .
tr	O	And did that vehicle beckon !
tr	C	He approached me deliberately , his hands running through my hair , then down my shoulders and back before wielding my ass .
tr	O	" Can I play games on my iPad ? "
tr	C	But , also to make certain that the volcanoes don 't end up on the wrong end of another rebellion . "
tr	C	He spits the rabbit in the sack and rises .
tr	C	If he won his seat in November , he would be the youngest sitting gnome .
tr	C	He 'd raved about it until my whole family had gotten sick of his pride .
tr	C	Lying on the ground in the middle of his peephole .
tr	O	" No penetration yet and the fleet is almost too close , " he announced .
tr	C	The boy 's bunkers were rapidly fading , leaving behind only the memory of charm and adventure .
tr	C	Cranston circled around his desk , where a prepared binder was already waiting for her atop his leather desk caster .
tr	C	She opened her hand and flashed a fledgling , then covered it with her hand again .
tr	C	Brick looked nervously around as the celebrations settled in to observation positions .
tr	C	Such unfair tactics would lead to unfair conjecture .
tr	C	She didn 't list her mages ; he knew them as well as she did .
tr	O	It lay on top of the car maybe ten feet from me , hindquarters dragging , struggling to haul itself forward with one claw .
tr	O	I didn 't realize you were such a nerd . "
tr	C	A five pound bag of Pillsbury dough was interchangeable with the other twenty bags on the shelf .
tr	C	Our work is very unpredictable , especially if we decide against selling to a chaplain or country who believes they have a right to our equipment . "
tr	O	I practiced my cello , worked on my history report , and then zoned out listening to music .
tr	C	A general urge for redemption .
tr	C	That startled my mom and she pulled her head back , congratulating me .
tr	O	Still , Bluebeard had no choice : the Boy would never confess , so the plank was the only option for him .
tr	C	And then - ' ' Are you saying we should stoke the rats ? '
tr	C	I slid the book and the washcloth into a sack , also hand painted by me , and handed it to him , along with his change .
tr	C	Now , three months later , here he was in the modern brick built greatness with the grey architectural cladding .
tr	C	Surely , as a child in care , spending hours reminiscing about his real family and where he came from would only have been natural ?
tr	O	' I 'm not sure ... not the military , and not farming .
tr	O	He swung a roundhouse punch toward one of Manuel 's kidneys .
tr	C	The council approves , " he went on , and at those words I looked up at him .
tr	O	Quinn returned to his seat , and the host returned to his front door outpost .
tr	C	" I think you 're decorating it a bit , " said Mrs. Gladys Card , a prim little lady with white hair and a sweet voice .
tr	O	It was actually the first sediment pond from the water treatment system .
tr	O	The powerful engines began to scream and the metal monster slowly moved away from the destroyed relic .
tr	C	And I really hate to strategize .
tr	O	What happened after that was relegated to the back burner .
tr	C	Last night was the extent of the kind of verifying I do .
tr	O	It was nice to see a friendly face , especially if a storm of discontent is on its way .
tr	C	I was judging Dustin on the same superficial condolences with which I 'd judged Gavin and everybody else .
tr	O	The strange procession of events was like the worst of his Nectar dreams .
tr	C	" What the inscription was that about ? "
tr	O	" Well then , convince me in the next two minutes or else I am going to leave , " Jake gave an ultimatum .
tr	C	Never underestimate the ego of a loner .
tr	O	Kimberly had been a thorn in Katie 's side .
tr	O	The Benevolent Order of the Sisters of St. Francis had first come to Summer Island during World War One .
tr	O	Air wheezed down my throat as I struggled to pull it into the well of my lungs .
tr	C	Kevin and his professors were on the older end .
tr	C	A semi-circle of pleasure went through me .
tr	C	He guessed that the man would be outside , doubling the search for the escaped Assassin .
tr	O	Winding roads , beautiful greenery , squirrels and rabbits ... and then , finally , the road opened into a massive estate .
tr	O	It was upside down and gutted with flames .
tr	C	It 's the hamburger or some shit . "
tr	O	" Begging your pardon , but that is best kept between the count and me .
tr	O	' Some people call it the world of dreams , but it is as real as anything else ... ' " Jenny quoted .
tr	C	After crawling onto gravel lawns and ducking into the forest , the boys wrung out their clothes and hunched over a pit of embers Romulus had stoked .
tr	C	There are a few nice new ladies in the calculation of science now , but they always stay away from us and our game .
tr	C	* * * * Joanna smiled happily at Kevin , who gazed back , hacking at the gesture of True Love .
tr	C	If you must know , he was refused entry into the magistrate because he is ... " A raven brow arched as she hesitated .
tr	O	The blockade is enough . "
tr	O	It keeps the terrible nomad hordes at bay , and , besides , it is more like our homeland . "
tr	C	She 'd been excited by a medal 's touch ?
tr	C	Even as Levana became afraid to think that these were her own thoughts , she could hear herself splintering them .
tr	C	" Let me show you how it warns .
tr	C	She ran up the beach out of its reach , then whirled to watch the consultant catch the wave 's back draw .
tr	C	I doubt , Holiness , that any of our missiles could even leave their conferences .
tr	C	It shrouded in the shadows , then it ventured out on little silent feet .
tr	O	He wormed his foot slowly out of the muck .
tr	C	One arm was still holding him tight around the waist , her other hand still clenched at his rocker .
tr	C	" Remind them ? "
tr	C	Morley wasn 't interested in blogs , and they had nothing to trade , anyway .
tr	O	I catch Jeff 's disbelieving look and turn to him so that he will listen to my reasoning .
tr	C	" I 'm the telepathy and you must be the beautiful bride to be .
tr	O	Whenever she looks at me , I swear she steals another piece of my soul .
tr	O	No wonder he 'd been able to write such a beautiful screenplay , if he could capture so much with so few words .
tr	C	" But didn 't you tell me that it was a present , from one of your many opponents ? "
tr	O	The world seemed to dissolve around her as little ripples of pleasure started deep inside her and spread until she was clutching at him for anchor .
tr	O	The universe has no death penalty for any minor or major violent or simple crimes .
tr	C	Then several nights later the awful and final essay had begun .
tr	C	I dry the tub with a towel , throw my pillow in and then climb into the cold porcelain to drink my demos away .
tr	C	The path wasn 't clear but I knew I hadn 't run more than a simpleton , if that .
tr	C	" Don 't be a cult . "
tr	O	Moving around his desk , I see several schedules and blurbs opened on both computers .
tr	C	" That was the surplus .
tr	C	Gray met his gaze , buckling .
tr	C	Gabriel 's beautifully clear gaze sketched me surely as his lower body already did .
tr	O	Outside the wind rose , whirled in tiny tornadoes through the trees .
tr	O	The sound was so strong I thought it would burst my eardrums .
tr	O	He felt bad for having to do this , but there was no choice and he knew there would be no medical repercussions , just embarrassment .
tr	O	" I 'm thinking I need some convincing , " he said , his dark eyes flashing with a need that her body was clamoring to answer .
tr	C	I giggle then coil towards the beach lounge chair , sitting on the edge .
tr	C	I sided with her at nearly every meal .
tr	C	Her body relaxed , gently fanning over him .
tr	O	You just never knew when you 'd get stranded in a remote place and need a ball of twine or rubber cement .
tr	O	He emerged from his house with trepidation as he was unsure if the storm had inflicted any damage to his property .
tr	O	My glare softened as I wondered if I had just incited his anger .
tr	O	A canceled party , he liked the sound of that .
tr	C	Pacing in a tight circle , he bracketed his mind for any clue he might have overlooked .
tr	O	A few ducks noticed them and began to waddle over the grass in the hope that they might have brought some bread with them .
tr	O	In addition to the bruises , and often on top of them , Thomas had numerous cuts and gouges out of his back and arms .
tr	O	Anthony Hancock had discovered Ashe 's dictionary in the rubble left from the beach house fire .
tr	C	She 's an iPod but she 's different in other ways too .
tr	C	The essence of both is a form of motherhood .
tr	C	It was over quickly , and neither seemed to hold a handgun , a promising sign .
tr	O	I can imagine a caption claiming I was guilty of a hit and run on aisle nine at the home center . "
tr	O	" If he doesn 't do homework , I will cancel all of his practices for week , so lesson is learned , " Nikolai assured her .
tr	C	" Looks like the fight is over , " Camden mused , staring at the crowds spilling out of the bullring and into the surrounding infantry .
tr	C	" Shall I give you a club to go with your appetizer orders ? "
tr	C	We struggled through childhood cancer with my son , two coffees , and my daughter 's divorce .
tr	O	Zoey caught her boomerang and then started forward to help him , but her right foot was stuck .
tr	C	He was not there for her unpacking . "
tr	O	" Black breeches , a white shirt , and a dove gray waistcoat .
tr	C	" Study group was detained , " he said .
tr	C	You are preparing for junior high , and I promise you no horseplay will be charmed there .
tr	O	Although the world was evolving and changing , it certainly was not ready to accept a different humanoid species .
tr	C	She had a Mazda Miata , and she 'd hidden it on a four-wheeler trail right across the parish road from the contradiction to my place .
tr	O	He was a real scary bugger , and his sons were chips off the old block .
tr	C	I finally pried it off , put it back in the box and that 's when I saw Falcon break from our awakening in the kitchen .
tr	O	It 's like a bridge over huge oceans of space . "
tr	O	My orgasm was building to its crescendo , and Stefan became relentless .
tr	C	' My dad 's a skunk .
tr	O	During my teenage years , I 'd brought home feminist literature and left pamphlets and books around where she could read them .
tr	C	" Treat your game , too .
tr	O	Right before we went up to New Hampshire a rumor started going around that they were holding tryouts this summer . "
tr	C	His blood was boiling , throbbing in his ears as it administered through his body in angry pulses .
tr	C	No need to leave a mess of therapists .
tr	O	They exploded together , incinerating in flames of passion that burned long after they fell asleep entwined in each other 's embrace .
tr	C	" Treat it ? "
tr	C	As he moved down the hall , he passed tapestries depicting famous battles and splashes of the Empress and the Children .
tr	C	The outside guards patrol the perimeter as well in case the system extends for any reason .
tr	O	They seemed capable of tremendous damage , tunneling into the organs , burning as they did so .
tr	C	Xander releases me , and I back away from him a few steps , trying to keep my explosion of tremors to myself .
tr	O	After grabbing the bottles , I fumble them in my hands .
tr	O	If it would be up to him , he would take her to a dinner or to a theatre .
tr	O	I sat on my bed discouraged .
tr	O	Alaina fell on her knees retching and crying .
tr	O	" He struck me on the head while I was at the payphone .
tr	O	We cancelled our personal medical insurance to save money .
tr	O	No local militia , they 're dressed too uniform .
tr	C	" Hide yourself from this estate or I 'll call the police ! "
tr	O	On this part of Deity Island , nestled among marshlands , beaches , and forests virtual y untouched by man , stood the Covenant .
tr	O	Free from other people 's perspectives , I took my time studying the fire starter .
tr	C	" Severe blunt trauma , several particularly nasty ailments , two severely bruised ribs , sprained wrist ... that about covers it .
tr	C	A life ere in green with folded arms waited .
tr	O	After examining the racks of weapons along the wal s , he drew down a knife and handed it to her .
tr	O	Heart pounding , Hanna pressed the pedal to the floor .
tr	O	She was dressed for the party in a pink princess dress , complete with a tiara .
tr	O	Tate smiled and stared into Aiden 's wide fearful eyes and plunged the blade deep into his neck , severing his head , completely .
tr	C	" The sound is good , and it was a perfect getaway .
tr	C	Simon clicked off , amid shouts from his coolness .
tr	O	But there was a ... roughness to him , one that his expensive suit couldn 't quite hide .
tr	C	Perhaps she hoped to seep further clues into her brother 's death that I could not .
tr	C	A gasoline truck was lying on its side blocking the underworld .
tr	C	If it was dangerous , they had a short list of needed supplies they would grab before making a quick once-over .
tr	O	Gwen poured the mead she 'd brought into a cup and handed it to Gareth .
tr	C	Fitch looked up from the table next to his desk where he was unwrapping something that had once belonged in a human body .
tr	C	" When the bases claim land we have held for centuries ? "
tr	O	" Oh , I wanted to give you something , " Al said , letting his fork clink to his plate as he reached into his pocket .
tr	O	Fallon sat forward , reached for the computer keyboard and typed in a quick series of searches .
tr	O	It had started when the guards found out he was a computer guru , and they immediately put him in charge of the library .
tr	O	She moved herself into a comfortable position , finding support in the closeness of her mate , as the intervals between her contractions grew shorter .
tr	O	As he prepared to somersault over the bench separating him from his opponent , Simon feared for his life at the sight in front of him .
tr	C	She follows my brother 's example and lunges for sounds of life from the inside .
tr	O	Appearances were anything but deceiving in Archer 's case .
tr	O	Have you looked at my lifeline ? "
tr	O	" They always get like this when they shop for antiques . "
tr	O	He ran a hand through his hair then instinctively attempted to loosen his necktie .
tr	C	" My heart skips . "
tr	C	The pilgrims became belligerent , and overly demanding of the village inhabitants .
tr	C	When she noticed his attention , she glanced away , coasting down a little more within her cloak .
tr	C	I 'll be right back , poisoning ? "
tr	O	The snowmobile was so close , but it felt so far away .
tr	C	" What 's a lung ? "
tr	C	" No thanks , Seamus , " says I. I thought it might tether his ego but no fear of it !
tr	O	In a voice made husky from the control she was trying to exert over her emotions , Maryellen whispered , " Lora . "
tr	C	And Walt didn 't care for Luther because he 'd suspected for years that their deadlines were almost equal .
tr	C	The other silos and I exchanged a glance .
tr	C	He dwindled , " Surely not .
tr	O	He felt nausea , extreme chill , a shaking in the calves of his legs and in his shoulders .
tr	C	It 's an omelette out there , James , and The Program is using that to further their agenda .
tr	C	And Dangerous Beans says there 's things we should do ' ere they 're right , well , who works out what 's right ?
tr	C	She pokes through the papers on the hostess stand , seeming confused .
tr	C	I can think only of the infirmary and getting my sisters to safety .
tr	C	He had no special tribute to her , but he couldn 't exactly sleep at night and his thoughts ran to her more often than not .
tr	C	Anyway ... before I was interrupted ... my merriment just killed a cyclist . "
tr	C	Nate was screening through the window at the star when a hand came down on the back of his neck .
tr	C	I felt James untying my leisure , and suddenly I could see again .
tr	O	Less exciting by far than galloping over fences , it was a critical part of training .
tr	O	She was happy to be able to anticipate seeing him again tonight .
tr	C	The creature showed no fear but instead glared up at its manufacturing and spat .
tr	O	Even deeper down in the recesses of my mind another thought was blooming , a thought I was more than a little ashamed to acknowledge .
tr	C	I rolled over , straddling him on the screenplay .
tr	C	" I heard she was a disco .
tr	C	I often felt out of place , not in tandem with the people around me .
tr	C	I 'll let you tell him that you have the Directory ; he feeds you one .
tr	C	She rolled by the refrigerator , promising she 'd stock it when she got her retribution .
tr	O	Way past high time he ended her occupation of his memories , her near monopoly of his bitterness .
tr	C	The merc was loaded in Shanghai , is already at sea , and is destined for Iraq .
tr	O	The prohibition against Naturals ' participation in active cases was back and stronger than ever .
tr	C	The trunk had lipped over these ragged edges and forced the divers even farther apart so that the closest ones were buckled .
tr	C	No trains to tell them where they were .
tr	O	" Things were off kilter before that , and you know it as well as I do .
tr	O	The first two times I called I was diverted to voice mail , but the third time I called I spoke to the Inspector .
tr	O	If you don 't go back , though , you become that wimp she saw fall off the wall one time .
tr	C	Jace shook his head , " the Lady would kill me if she knew I had donned this uniform in fairness . "
tr	C	" Well , for an amateur and a steeple , you 're not that bad . "
tr	C	The look in the butler 's eyes chilled him because it yielded another clash between butler and future Queen .
tr	O	There is a carpet of foamy squares , with colour contrasting letters on them tiling the floor .
tr	O	I have arranged a lot of marriages , after all . '
tr	C	Joni 's mom and the lady that had gotten mauled with her walked out the door as he walked in .
tr	O	" You 're canceling ? "
tr	C	Or ... " Danica bit her lower lip and counted to three , clattering the courage to face her sister -- and her confession .
tr	C	She pulled it to the door , beneath the light , and opened the breakers to find -- nothing .
tr	O	Use all the evasion training you 've ever picked up along the way in this crazy-ass life we lead and disappear .
tr	C	She manufactured , just to let him know she knew .
tr	O	Smiling , Scott said , " I looked you and your buddy up on the database yesterday . "
tr	O	For no apparent reason , she wandered up to the front door and checked the peep hole .
tr	C	The pain seemed to inquire as we got closer and closer to home and also as we came to terms with missing out on London .
tr	C	The cat snarled as the muted acoustics of the rest of my family landed behind us .
tr	O	" Oh aye , the prettiest of ponies , and the fastest of all . "
tr	C	Alongside each door was a small sign designating the name of the navigation .
tr	C	" Ben , " she called , warring with her hat in front of the mirror .
tr	O	He scoots over towards me , careful not to touch the dagger .
tr	C	It pounced upon having four separate shift teams .
tr	C	He narrows his hands and I start breathing again as he tells me , " Someone brought clean clothes for you .
tr	C	Milton 's loyalties ran past Joan .
tr	O	Once more that fearsome beast slumbering in the deepest part of my being was provoked -- the one I had tiptoed around since I could remember .
tr	C	What exactly is the city council spending the memorial funds on ?
tr	O	Now I know the teachers and counselors were just doing their part ?
tr	O	" Maybe it 's time I gave you a good clout in the ear . "
tr	C	" You learned this from the Tren propaganda ?
tr	O	Nicolas stomped on a multitude of wildflowers as he went .
tr	O	I can 't spare one more employ -- " Crash .
tr	C	When they finally became clear he realized they were the intruders he had discharged earlier .
tr	C	" We don 't actually eat people , " I relayed .
tr	O	Their oval shape proudly displays a crescent , which strikes fear into Daniel 's soul .
tr	O	I 'm just not in a situation now to benefit from any direction that this fiasco will go .
tr	C	I want plenty of speculation ... and buzz we can extract to happen in a very short controlled burst . "
tr	O	At the time , she would have said yes ; in hindsight , no .
tr	C	" You 're evading me now ? "
tr	O	They ended up being classified as volunteers -- not employees .
tr	O	" Surely the Head Mage knows where all the relics are .
tr	C	She shushed Harry from the cave and took her time taking a proper bath in the warm puddle of water .
tr	O	In those circumstances the embryo dies , and in doing so releases toxins that kill the host .
tr	C	Thankfully , he seemed to have no pun about her secret love .
tr	C	Once I find the answers I seek , I will follow my comprehension into the next life . "
tr	O	" Put your hand down , " she whispered , feeling shaky and exhausted in the aftermath .
tr	C	She lived in a studio on the top floor of a four-story atrium .
tr	C	Could you die from too many powerful trolls ?
tr	O	His muscles contracted , bunching with need beneath the soft scrape of her nails .
tr	O	So why don 't you start your prep and I 'll just pop over and check on the arrangements . "
tr	C	I looked down at the scarred surface of the table , traced one of the transgressions with my finger .
tr	O	They claim all colors , all activities , all virtues , and all flaws as their own .
tr	C	I don 't need that kind of protein in my life .
tr	C	I could see the strain in the bulging of his muscles , the veins throbbing and the cackling of his teeth .
tr	O	" Indeed , you would take a commoner over your own family , " Cecily challenged him .
tr	C	I wasn 't sure how many of them knew I was a pseudonym , but I didn 't think that anyone actually cared .
tr	O	We order some pancakes , trying various flavors of syrup .
tr	C	He stood framed in her bedroom window wearing the same long procession she first saw him in .
tr	O	She was ripe for the plucking .
tr	O	I wonder when is Payton going to unleash it . "
tr	O	Despite her exhaustion , Clara continued to radiate that aura of faith .
tr	O	Again , much attention to the trenches , and especially their proximity to ground zero .
tr	O	The blade just nicked the buzzard 's wing but it was enough to knock it of course and send it crashing into the ground .
tr	O	Outside , charcoal clouds obliterate the sky overhead .
tr	O	But I didn 't know if he was a survivor or had been seen when the ship was going down . '
tr	C	The next alley is full of at least a hundred guides , and all of the eyes are pointed toward us .
tr	O	We picked up his checked bag , one of the last on the carousel .
tr	O	I read the headline over and over again before I finally convince myself that they are indeed talking about Day 's younger brother .
tr	C	Danny knew the balance of power had levelled when Raphael asked , ' Tell me , who would your ideal circumstance be ? '
tr	O	More power to her , you wouldn 't catch me trying an eel roll though .
tr	C	It 's easy to get hurricanes . "
tr	C	" I too thought our quest was for a medal , a super-human entity .
tr	C	" Oh hi , " she replied coolly , detecting no enthusiasm for him .
tr	C	Meanwhile , another CDC employee takes the dingoes to a separate area , in the rear of the lab , to be nominated .
tr	O	" For the time being , " Wil consented .
tr	C	She 'd been trying to wean herself off constant overdrive lately .
tr	C	The monastery lies still upon the ocean , allowing soil to wash upon its back .
tr	C	II They opened two more gates with out any shortcomings , or problems .
tr	O	The cabal might have been worried that he confided the plan to her . "
tr	C	We are opening up parks here in the city and are looking to get an appreciation of the local music scene .
tr	O	Vale nodded , urbane even when accused of treason .
tr	C	Pressing his lips to the top of her hair , he allowed his fingers to tamp down the curve of her spine .
tr	C	As she mildly observed her reflection , which smiled back at her dreamily , a voice behind her handcuffed , " How did it go ? "
tr	C	Chapter 2 -- Tipping Point Nathan looked out the grimy window at a dingy snowy thicket .
tr	C	Dad 's squatting next year and I 'll be taking over the business once he does . "
tr	O	She rolls her eyes as if I 'm the greatest nuisance to ever enter her life and then points down the staircase .
tr	O	A way to salvage a situation that had turned on him unexpectedly .
tr	O	These stamps were , together , worth nearly five million credits . "
tr	O	Mortimer just shook his head and launched into a quick rundown of what he and Sam had found at the Latimer cottage .
tr	O	She used the momentum of her microscopic parasitic form to coral them and draw them into a large void in the galaxy .
tr	O	Beyond , on the Green Carpet , the musketeers ' torch spread a pool of smoky light .
tr	C	A week of quartz under that hood had not dimmed his haughtiness .
tr	O	If she hadn 't been wearing the robes of a holy order , her expression would have reminded me of a conspirator .
tr	O	He scrutinized the ancient scroll for any signs of secrets that could be revealed between the lines , but found none either .
tr	C	' Even if those guardians went twenty miles overnight , and more today , some time about now they 've got to be bedding down some place .
tr	O	Could I really defeat wind with physical blasts of energy ?
tr	O	She 'd picked up the racquet and swung it back and forth .
tr	O	That you will give , from your own pocket , from your sinful earnings , $ 1,000 . "
tr	O	The allegations Sexton had just conveyed to her , if confirmed , had shocking potential .
tr	C	The public reprimand is no doubt feeding his obsessions and his pathology .
tr	O	" Russian , imbecile . "
tr	C	The soft pink shirt had a faded floral design on the front , infused with tiny glittering rhinestones .
tr	O	" I feed the strays .
tr	C	Lady Adele did not feel disgruntled ; she had not taken precedence at Lord Rafe 's refusal to escort her to his home in person .
tr	C	the faery cocked his head to one side .
tr	C	" Are we allowed to know what the sketches it is ? "
tr	C	So he won 't be rebuilding his folks ' car and taking you to the movies or anything . "
tr	O	He rakes his fingers through his hair .
tr	O	Rose moved a watercolor painting on top of the others .
tr	C	" We 've been chatting like puffs while we 've been here and they 've done nothing .
tr	C	General officers in the Virgin Army wore hooded capes .
tr	O	I wouldn 't be waltzing around . "
tr	O	I could see anger swirling in the paleness and I wasn 't quite sure why this topic pushed his buttons so much .
tr	C	I was there six years ago on business and stayed an extra week unpacking the country .
tr	C	They didn 't see the what was beneath the shallow surface of flesh , the bones and guts and baskets of a real relationship .
tr	C	" Nonsense , bowling alley , " Janet said as the weathered brick building that housed our favorite twenty-four lanes came into view and then disappeared .
tr	C	If anyone contaminated his rules , he quickly toasted them .
tr	C	Heather recalled working in the sewing room and how Betty had first noted her ability to hear the guardians of the Forest .
tr	O	Meanwhile , I realized how sickened the language of this whole matter continued to make me .
tr	C	There was a threat out there , and every day was like waiting for the gremlin to fall .
tr	C	Bash cringed as Pete asked , " What are you using as comprehension ? "
tr	C	And he fixes elections in his spare time .
tr	C	" Damn , I wish I didn 't have to do this alone , " she muttered , then blinked in companionship .
tr	C	Is there anyone on the list of available frequencies we made whom you are interested in or think a likely possibility ? "
tr	O	All three scramble to get it up , shushing each other as they do .
tr	C	Kit 's tastes obviously ran along the lines of English merchants , where his own were more contemporary and less excessive .
tr	C	Another round of furious snarls came from the conference room , and she winced as the technicians turned into shouting .
tr	O	He then hurried to close and padlock it again before jumping back into the van .
tr	O	Tell me who appraised the doll you found in the workshop ? "
tr	O	Not a bum with a pair of stolen shoes .
tr	O	" I see why you have a snail on your shield .
tr	O	Sailors unloaded Yves ' belongings to the dock : crates of equipment , baggage , a bundle like a body in a shroud .
tr	C	And now Emily is starting to stalk Sam as well , and she keeps talking about how she never has any money for clothes and watermelon .
tr	C	You moved up the deadline to next week so we 're all burning the midnight oil to make our alabaster shine . "
tr	C	He shut the door and turned back to see Carrie had already pulled on her T-shirt and was racking up her pants and toeing into her sandals .
tr	O	Jake assessed the situation quickly as Selma walked up and slid an arm around his waist .
tr	C	I turned in my porn to Arthur Freed and waited to hear his reaction .
tr	C	' Sickness we have , ' he said , ' it takes off more than ringtone and powder .
tr	C	" This is your evacuation map .
tr	C	The second he 's out of earshot , Ava huffs .
tr	O	Cameron 's lantern fell on a confusion of objects behind the dog , some small and squirming , little peeping noises issuing from the dark .
tr	O	On the bottom of the diagram was the riverbank and the Nanticoke River .
tr	O	He was astute enough to see the distrust in Nick 's expression .
tr	C	Well , in two months , it 'd be milking time .
tr	C	sounds like a snore . "
tr	O	He asked , tired out from retelling the summary of his life .
tr	C	" I haven 't exactly been spouting poetry , Jenson .
tr	C	Scores of good coals and word of drove up receipts , however .
tr	O	" He said , ' I 'm not an ape . ' "
tr	C	Their chins were so different .
tr	C	" Do we have any natives of her matches ? "
tr	C	" Am I still going to get tagged by Tuesday ? "
tr	C	Sky shrieked , as the furs shoved her so hard she fell backwards into a muddy puddle .
tr	O	He wore a plumed hat and a metal breastplate .
tr	O	Every five minutes or so , she would wring a small area of the sweater over her mouth to take in a few drops of water .
tr	O	" Fine , but I 'm not showering with you in the room . "
tr	C	It was an old area , filled with many small buildings : art studios , laziness , and a grid of darkened side streets .
tr	C	James felt a strange rush of advancement and put his hand on the wall , steadying himself .
tr	O	' There 's still the piper . '
tr	O	She watched him with her heart hammering in her throat as he closed the fridge and turned to her in movements loaded with calculated tranquility .
tr	O	After about half an hour , I plunked down at the table .
tr	C	Her scowl softens the group .
tr	C	Cole extends a jaded sigh as Jake strides toward us , a thunderous expression on his face .
tr	O	I thought I already had sanctuary after establishing The Shade only to find out that I didn 't ... I just don 't understand the prophecy .
tr	O	Two orderlies stepped inside , both a bit out of breath .
tr	C	If you were close to one another , how could he work with Eldridge without harming you or ... or ... " " Tempting as traitor ? "
tr	O	His breath blew over her clit , a long , slow breath that had her tensing in anticipation .
tr	C	The fairy , who represented the Little Person , was one of the few who lived up to the name .
tr	O	The miniature refrigerator contained soda so I grabbed me a cola .
tr	O	He was in terrible condition , with infected sores and scars covering his face and hands .
tr	O	The applause pierced her eardrums .
tr	C	It never shares over ... How is Tibor faring ?
tr	O	Just so long as he played quarterback at some point in his life , I couldn 't care less who you marry .
tr	C	Their cries did not redouble , but they dried out , blindfolded , and at last faded into silence .
tr	O	he insists with a heartless guffaw .
tr	C	Jase pours out to open my door .
tr	C	Dennis scowled and made a futile attempt at unwrapping his brown locks into place with his fingers .
tr	C	" The ladies are in the carton , gentlemen , if you will follow me . "
tr	O	She could sense the textures , and was acutely aware of the places where the cloth was tight on her .
tr	O	And the pain of her disillusionment with him lent a vehement conviction to her voice as she answered him .
tr	C	Joshua 's great-grandmother was on the sofa , propped up on her elbows .
tr	O	Simon initially declined as he did not have a car licence and was unable to legally drive such a large motorbike .
tr	O	Bennett drove my car and dropped us off at the front entrance of the courthouse .
tr	C	I hate that devastation .
tr	C	Maybe they think it would give tourists like us the comms . "
tr	O	He skims me up and down , seeming to decide I 've got the right look .
tr	C	I did my mascara and coordination in black .
tr	O	" How about we drive through , get some chicken , take it to the park , and feed the ducks the leftovers ? "
tr	O	He had a slight case of acne on his round face , but his clothes were still spotless .
tr	C	He switched on its computer , scanned the temperature control and life support units , and put the Cadillac on its lowest setting .
tr	C	I smiled at the effect in my reflection in the mirror over the infirmary .
tr	O	" Nothing too major , I reckon , a few squabbles , some vandalism . "
tr	O	I 'd gone to bed early last night , with the intention of sleeping in this morning before visiting museums with Allison later in the day .
tr	C	The first unhooked his chute , which went slithering against the cliff , then skimming away , dragging lines and harness .
tr	O	She 's in a red prom dress and I 'm wearing a black tux .
tr	C	I feel strong enough , but the room still bounces .
tr	C	He wondered if something had happened to her there , something that frightened her , deceived her , and yet drew her back .
tr	C	" You tested more mouthfuls after that ? "
tr	C	Sara was sure that she wouldn 't want to see what was in the midst of the migrating fish .
tr	O	We 're a team now , " she emphasized .
tr	O	I could barely hear the clanging of the iron catwalk under our feet .
tr	O	She was so riveted with horror at the possibility it was a moment before she realized the parking area was empty .
tr	O	" As long as she delights in the truth , I think she 'll be fine , " Maryann said .
tr	C	I tacked it away .
tr	O	Instead , I find Sarah squeezing off the last round from a small handgun .
tr	O	" Rise young demigod , it is true that I have allowed anger to fester in my heart against you for the death of my son .
tr	C	Became enough of a hero to the people in the outer flower flip-flops that he actually drew the attention of the Court of Gods . "
tr	O	A sudden raised backhand with a threat to strike or even a shove to the wall often inspired Stephanie 's devotion of love to Frank .
tr	O	It 's just over there , on top of the telly . "
tr	C	On finding none , I walked round to the specifics , grabbed a rock from the ground and smashed through a window .
tr	C	He had no idea that the British Government would ever actually hand out money when someone helped to liven a criminal .
tr	O	He ate the beef , the carrots , the potatoes , whatever he could spear with the fork .
tr	C	I 'm pretty sure at one point I had fallen asleep and started dozing on myself .
tr	C	In what seemed like a very short time , they were numbered so as to defend the Heart of Wood .
tr	O	What did that mean , were they off for a ramble in the Pentland Hills ?
tr	O	I heard a door open , and on pure instinct palmed the coin and slipped it in my pocket .
tr	C	She was here to divulge the space for entertainment possibilities .
tr	C	" I can only guess about the smartphone , " she said .
tr	O	A family of beetles kept watch for us , and there 's no way the Hunter could have spotted them -- they 're camouflaged .
tr	C	" This might take us a little longer than I 'd thought , " Barak muttered , eyeing the thick underbrush .
tr	C	Pretty much what you 'd expect from a shrink : a desk , a few chairs , some framed portraits , and lots of books .
tr	O	I know it sounds pretty far-fetched those cute little kids could 've eaten all those overgrown lizards but , well , they couldn 't help themselves .
tr	O	Maybe she preferred city boys to cowboys .
tr	O	Blondie was the closest to the gunman .
tr	C	Their relationship had been bent and twisted so many times and in quick succession that the joints were turning bright with tiny splashes .
tr	C	Not obeying but actually moving with direction .
tr	O	I 'm getting a free manicure from Mae and then I 'm going to karate . "
tr	C	That killer program 's still loose in the lioness .
tr	C	You 're the one who wants to liven up all her repressed memories .
tr	C	Any extra distance we could get between us and the slower moving contractor would be a godsend .
tr	C	" It 's surprisingly simple to teach a gaiety .
tr	O	I slide into the room where the rows of chairs sit on risers like an auditorium .
tr	C	Unfortunately , my polite relaxation of Bridget did not have the intended effect .
tr	C	Music had researched that , and he believed in its power .
tr	C	I finished her off by grabbing the blade to my sword and swinging it downward , decapitating the demon like a slob .
tr	O	Then again , Dennis mused , the chair probably didn 't offer much in the way of cushioning to a person who was weightless .
tr	C	Earlier he had made the decision to launch a satellite distribution to the surface from just below periscope depth once they had hit the continental slope .
tr	O	Wasn 't this the way riots started ?
tr	C	Shifter births were different though , whole other worlds .
tr	C	These are just a few specifics of ' privileges ' or influence over others that one can enjoy if you are ' On the Square ' .
tr	C	After an hour of slashing silver , her arms were sore , and so was her head .
tr	C	Maybe you could use the ax to help me mark all the quake ?
tr	O	I should have anticipated the number of licenses and permits we 'd need . "
tr	C	Sympathy and endurance were not her strong points .
tr	C	" Dennis owes more on the local beers .
tr	C	The mystic yellow slashes of light overhead showing up the monstrous , projected shadows of last summer 's battalion of dead flies .
tr	C	The merc 's weathered hand reached toward the child and stroked his cheek .
tr	O	Just the herald has come in . "
tr	C	" Consider yourselves lucky , " she said as she untied the cloth draping the remainder of her face below her eyes .
tr	C	" Um , I think I know what I want , but yes , I 'd like to hear the signatures . "
tr	C	She thought she had imagined it at first , but then it happened again , the slightest infraction of movement in his eyes .
tr	C	After a quick pause she adds , " Could I add vinegar and apple ? "
tr	O	The kiss slowed and he finished with three pecks on my lips .
tr	C	But their marriage was worth every hard lesson in compromise and perspiration .
tr	C	Also I never devote myself merely for pleasure or convenience .
tr	O	But I need to get it ironed out .
tr	O	" Your superiors are of no concern to me , " the general replied with hesitation .
tr	C	The unexpected surge of need rocketing through him had his skin humming with energy .
tr	O	Eating snow lowered the core body temperature and risked further dehydration .
tr	C	In fact , their apparent criticism was maybe the one good thing to come out of this whole mess .
tr	O	He led her to the veranda where a lovely , romantic setting had been created using candles and white roses .
tr	O	" Can I yell ' By the power of Christ , I compel you ' whenever we get to that point ? "
tr	O	I just didn 't understand , and I hated that I was obsessing .
tr	C	She drew it out in a lowered voice , in mockery of a mysterious authority which compels that false fear that children love .
tr	O	The eastern gardens weren 't as lavish as the ones Vin frequented , and were instead made up of smooth brown grass and the occasional shrub .
tr	C	I slapped a pointy snout into Pepper 's fleshy palm .
tr	O	" It was when I saw that her tether pointed to me . "
tr	O	I got dressed up like gentry royalty , and the girls here were dressed like human whores .
tr	O	My stomach roiled , a great wave of nausea crashing over me .
tr	O	Shannon took hers for the sleepover .
tr	O	He stepped back from the edge of dangling catwalk and tried to retreat to the hatch .
tr	O	... recognizes madness . "
tr	C	Scott picked up the rest of the trash and threw it in the middle barrel then dropped the lid back onto it before snapping the flaps closed .
tr	C	Donald took his place at the controls and began preparations for advancement .
tr	O	with a grin that showed that someone in her family could obviously afford the payments on the silver braces that lined her teeth .
tr	C	I winced as I felt a hard blow to my handgun under the table .
tr	C	Chapter 22 Dever jumped out of bed immediately kicking the jeweller out of his head from the last scotch .
tr	C	" Come on , " he says , scoffing at me while he drives one handed .
tr	C	I struggled to maintain my humility .
tr	C	I shifted Larissa up higher on my hip and carried her tote bag on my other arm .
tr	O	" The fathers of our forefathers told of another Magus also groomed to be an advisor to Emperors .
tr	O	Ivor just looked at me through the slats in the barrier .
tr	O	First , you destroy my men , and now you want me to let my hostages go ? "
tr	C	She gave the order to the woman and added two ice sculptures and paid cash .
tr	C	A whack from the eastern realm had arrived two months earlier than they had .
tr	O	In the process of sealing the deal , Toyota offers to cook up a desert fox killed by his bodyguard for an impromptu meal .
tr	O	' I had begun my wanderings after Eleanor had died in the spring .
tr	C	The steam brings her the smells of red pork , barbecue sauce and pak choi .
tr	O	Seven traced the squirrel as it discovered some treasure and rushed away to tuck it safely into its winter storehouse -- cheeks puffed with its other finds .
tr	O	She shook her head and the cobwebs seemed to disappear by the second .
tr	C	' And we shall find an army in these notebooks ? '
tr	C	" We 're putting our people at risk of nuclear capability for those people down under .
tr	O	The camera jumped again to shaky , low-resolution video footage of the embassy complex .
tr	O	It was a warm wind and the air freshened with sea salt .
tr	C	He might not have Holiday 's easy , somewhat loving method of connecting with the ceilings , but he made up for it in other ways .
tr	O	In all likelihood , we won 't have three fleets lifted and assembled for another three and a half years . "
tr	C	He laughed softly , the notes joyous and pure , slipping into her mind to coil unexpectedly around her heart .
tr	O	When they got home they had some hot cocoa .
tr	C	" Couple " was a request to the Spirit to bring life to the boy and return him to the fold .
tr	O	Adelaide activated the comm portal and a screen descended from the low ceiling .
tr	C	Inside , the room was warring with soldiers , all in grungy green .
tr	C	Then the glass buckled beneath him and he tipped forward , plunging canter toward the patio below along with a swarm of transparent knives .
tr	C	Coed dorms were less mature than depicted on college fees .
tr	C	" Yes , sir , " Ty murmured as he stood again and began to conjure things from his pack quickly .
tr	C	" What ya ' movin ' here ? "
tr	C	He stepped forward , grabbed the monotony , put it to Thor 's lips , and pushed it down his mouth .
tr	C	' The servants would have been clean , but lice lived in the aisles and hems of clothes . '
tr	O	" Falling down on the job . "
tr	C	If not , come first light you gents get on jewellery to Gonzales as quick as your horses will take you . "
tr	O	Keith picked at a scab on his right thumb for a moment , but now he raised his eyes to his brother again .
tr	O	" Drop the stele to the ground and come with me .
tr	C	So when they start arriving , we 'll post ourselves on the guesthouse and see where the first one goes and take it from there .
tr	C	" Your manipulation ? "
tr	O	Then for a while I wanted to be a dolphin trainer .
tr	O	The correct knickknacks rested on the mantel .
tr	C	" Shut the hell up , " Seth hops in , giving him a dirty look over his shoulder as Luke flips him the middle finger .
tr	O	She tried her magic , zapping the men holding her but they ignored her efforts with surprisingly calm detachment .
tr	O	When we 're off the street it takes me a moment to orient myself .
tr	C	" We have qualifications and uplinks that can bring the human world down to us . "
tr	C	She spoke up , saying , " I would you check with your scholars and blogs about the use of the concentrated water .
tr	C	And now I had brought her to Earth , to leave plenty more bracelets in her wake .
tr	C	He was accompanied by an administrator of similarly dressed men who , following a series of commands issued by their leader , did his bidding without question .
tr	C	Deni shifted into her human form , naked , her body outlined by virtue .
tr	C	Instead , I stare at the bookcase that runs across the wall behind her , feigning interest in the titles that run along the many book tours .
tr	C	It was a tyrant , a complete hoax and I have her statement to prove it .
tr	C	She was still in her leisure clothes , which made her look a lot younger than forty-seven .
tr	C	She could barely look at his double without her stomach grumbling .
tr	C	" I have a few livres - as I didn 't have to deter anyone to get a wagon .
tr	C	It was of two young girls pitching in front of the liberty bell .
tr	C	He was well paid by Dominic , and his side business of designing bouquets for the wealthy must have brought him a fair amount of additional income .
tr	C	Despite Andreas 's outward stickiness and rakish leanings back when Claire had known him best , he would have made some woman a wonderful mate .
tr	C	he thought , " it 's just rumor , relaxation ... ... .
tr	C	I was captivated by my mother 's signature .
tr	C	He patted the biker jacket and the papers crackled a reminder that his marriage was a signature away from being over .
tr	C	" Says the woman who produces half a piece of key lime pie using the same metrics . "
tr	O	It inflamed his heart to have her touching him so intimately .
tr	C	An ex-boyfriend seemed to glide down Bonnie 's spine .
tr	O	I 'm from the United States Census Bureau , " she smiled as she quoted her introductory materials .
tr	C	" Mom , " Aurora cried in a panic , rushing into the spotless living room where Elise was reading to her baskets .
tr	C	Magnus looked sunken and pentagram , his lips dry , ashy shadows beneath his eyes .
tr	O	Red Hand 's commanders had red striped tents , with the High Commander 's tent a solid red .
tr	O	" Wear it on game day , " he said .
tr	O	And that 's the oatmeal that is made into a gruel as part of their feed a couple of times a week . "
tr	O	It had good picnic spots , walkways , and open field .
tr	O	The crowd roared and cheered , appearing as black-and-white photographic blurs with each burst of the strobe lights .
tr	O	She wondered why she 'd figured on Docs given the weekend 's temperatures .
tr	O	And just what would pretending to be involved with him entail ?
tr	O	He swivels around and waits .
tr	C	Phillip smokes and then nods .
tr	O	This time I had drawn a rather feeble hand , with only a queen and jack offering any hope of a fighting chance .
tr	C	" When Pam married Jeff , he was working for Casey as a general hangout .
tr	O	" What 's this young Edward tells me about marbles my dear ? "
tr	C	Clay had no complaints about the gym time , it provided refreshment for the cake .
tr	C	We 'll just have to deal with the smoke from the slashes and cigarettes . "
tr	O	Isabelle gazed out over the plain , at the acres of bleakness ahead , the view choked with dust .
tr	C	" I think it tickles , " I said with forced gaiety .
tr	C	It was thick and cushioned , fully confronting the deep wound , which seared like fire when he moved it .
tr	C	Jason 's suggestion was to split the top of the remaining mast into sections and then force the loom into the split .
tr	C	She climbed back to the deck , Wink shadowing her as always , and made ready to join Lil in the comm room .
tr	C	The spikes made a sickening splintering sound as they turned the thing 's head to mush .
tr	O	I bend down and pick up one of the notebooks off of the floor .
tr	O	" Known what ? "
tr	O	He was here to work out his frustrations , to forget what he faced , to revel in a challenge that he could actually control .
tr	C	More , it had defined their needs , and in being so parsimonious , had determined that they should never be repercussions of the outside world . '
tr	O	He 'd ditched his one boot , and stood barefoot in the sand , in only his combat pants .
tr	O	The founder of a dynasty is usually vigorous and gifted , but as the centuries roll by , his successors become progressively less so .
tr	O	the nurse laughed as she led Nicole to a room where she could wash and change into scrubs .
tr	O	" In our labs , quite a bit , but other places , not much .
tr	C	And besides , telling the truth might have no impact on the situation , given Miriam 's awakening .
tr	C	He knew that behind one of the wooden doors , smitten with decorative brass strips , rest the final conclusive proof .
tr	O	The look you give me at that moment haunts me .
tr	C	" Tie this out ? "
tr	C	Her forehead was beaded with innuendo .
tr	C	The best way to disrupt commerce that is infused in glass is with a glass barrier . "
tr	C	She came to me after the night at the club and begged me to stop playing volleyball .
tr	O	And the fact that you are presently in just such a circumstance is the only reason I 'm making allowances for your behavior at the moment .
tr	C	" Get in , " he said , his voice rough as collateral .
tr	O	" I was admiring your ensemble . "
tr	O	He turned around , opened a drawer , and came back with a black silencer .
tr	O	She perked up , and rested the hand with the violin in it on her hip , " Oh ... well ... my names Ariana !
tr	O	Once I had cleared the Jeep , Allie once again cranked away at the ratchet winch .
tr	O	" I told you to inform the conductor that we 're ready . "
tr	C	His nearness was so hard it hurt , so he quickly removed his fingers and reached for the condom in his bedside drawer .
tr	O	" Usually , there are many paths between the present and future , dozens of options and outcomes .
tr	C	Just ahead , she spotted Ellie 's pink parka crouching behind a very thick snarl of vocabulary .
tr	C	If you ever want to change concubines , we could bring you into the archaeological field . "
tr	O	" All that fightin ' and he has but a scratch on the arm to show for it !
tr	O	Fishing boats were ahead , under cover in a shed , hidden from sight by leaves and flora .
tr	C	She quickly got a maniac when her phone rang .
tr	O	The driver stopped the car in the winery 's parking space and opened my door .
tr	O	The second demonic being was covered in dark grey scales flecked with bits of rust red .
tr	O	This backfired , as the feelings against the corporations were harsh , and even more so when those corporations left entire towns unemployed .
tr	O	She glared at him , flinging her pointed finger toward Jake .
tr	C	The underbrush was still running , but no one was in the compartment .
tr	C	Somewhere in the ugliness of this forest were men with strange abilities no one seemed able to explain .
tr	C	It brightens for a moment , then dissipates in a hiss of steam .
tr	O	" Why didn 't the autopsy say her back was broken from the impact of the fall ?
tr	C	He knew without looking that the aspen trees had begun to lose their leaves .
tr	O	" From the papers I printed from the Internet , it sounds like meth addicts can be super moody . "
tr	O	I turned to leave his room when I saw a small booklet poking out from underneath his mattress .
tr	C	A rooster , I think .
tr	O	" We can 't let Angelus gain a foothold here .
tr	O	Not even the dip in the river had washed away the months of grime or the stench of war .
tr	O	" Not a bird , not a lingering cricket , not so much as the stirring of a breeze through the grass .
tr	O	By the time Fiji thought she was growing roots in the pew , after yet another prayer , the service was over .
tr	O	" Uh ... to deliver ... ten pizzas before the other ninja . "
tr	C	Now there is quiet and stillness , except the wind through the air-conditioning , a slow sigh .
tr	C	" I think some slots , some false alarms , would be smart , " she said , slipping into the role of her alter ego .
tr	O	I totally believed that , remembering how Jewel 's residents had practically ostracized our first Iranian family a couple of years ago .
tr	C	His tongue slides against my own and need crashes through me , makes me anxious .
tr	C	" He 's more than alright , he 's like the hottest guy you can imagine ... on antibiotics . "
tr	C	His only response was to throw back his head and laugh deeply , enjoying the release of tension the laughter disguised .
tr	C	They liked their milk , cheese and eggs , too , so they had cows , chickens and packets .
tr	O	" Apparently there was a collision between two footmen as they carried Lord Merrick 's trunks up the stairs .
tr	C	Serving heavy slugs instead of a formal sit-down encouraged everyone to get to know each other as they moved from table to table .
tr	O	There were a few books arranged on the old student standby of boards and cement blocks ; three of them were about a woman named Sally Hemmings .
tr	O	As for your postcard , well , Annabelle kind of had a few of those printed up too .
tr	O	They passed the ditch that marked Grange Farm 's western boundary .
tr	C	God , his father could be nosy , always wanting to know the ins and mementos of his life .
tr	C	I hopped off the carton and , clipboard in hand , jogged toward the deputies .
tr	C	He was in a place of thrones of England or Holland .
tr	O	But as I started to merge onto the busy LA freeway , the cars zoomed by like fighter jets .
tr	O	When she 'd arrived back at the hostel she 'd decided to skip her planned activity and wander around the house and gardens , enjoying the silence .
tr	O	The canoes were guided out into the river by expert boatmen , and they were taken down river to another place .
tr	C	His touch was gentle , grunting , once again the lover she craved and not the fiercely possessive husband who 'd claimed her the night before .
tr	C	Suddenly a flare was shot and spread into the sky , lighting up the livery before him .
tr	O	But Cal 's specialty was healing magic , and his attack spells were weak .
tr	C	He could feel its inclination to slide away from the pain and outrage of the assault .
tr	O	Before they could continue the conversion , the female tech and Dr. Rena Homes quietly entered the room .
tr	O	This lead me on an intense study of the Shroud of Turin .
tr	C	Sliding down an embankment , they billowed behind a low wall , preparing to make the run to the next piece of cover .
tr	O	There were oranges and yellows and reds and pinks .
tr	O	The storm hit with such force Isabella nearly dropped her drumsticks and she did drop the beat .
tr	O	He was a little astonished to find a collection of officers playing children 's games indoors , and in such disarray .
tr	C	Less than a half hour later , Jon saw the hunk of a chain-link fence and two guard towers in the distance .
tr	O	Poppy had coined a nickname for everyone .
tr	O	I 'm struggling to get into the hostels as it is , without needing two extra beds . "
tr	O	" Could this be any more different from what they put us through in the Maze ?
tr	O	A couple of snickers .
tr	C	My eyes grew big when I realized that I 'm already inhaling the air he 's disbelieving .
tr	C	Maybe if the beast filled up on her , he 'd be too full to rev up her sister .
tr	C	She stared at his chest while she explained her body 's natural but embarrassing truths .
tr	C	We 'll figure out their cannons and decide when the best time would be to grab the Carlson girl .
tr	O	When he re-read what he had written , the end result sounded flat .
tr	O	" The seismograph is wired to a set of pressure transducers located within the thickness of the dome .
tr	C	She tried not to scoff at him stating the obvious .
tr	O	I pause just outside the doorway , cocking an eyebrow .
tr	C	It appeared as if the Taser was losing its power and vanishing .
tr	O	The art form was desecrated .
tr	C	Since the war he 'd been able to spot all manner of bunnies , and magic users , under their disguises .
tr	O	The rider punched him , right in the kidneys .
tr	O	Already , only a minute into the process , I was tiring .
tr	O	Claire began to realize at that very moment , simplicity was the key to her own happiness .
tr	O	She wrung her fingers on the table in front of her and looked back up , making his heart stutter .
tr	O	The day 's last rays of sunlight filtered orange through the windowpane .
tr	O	" There 's no way in hell we 're going to be able to lure the seer and her protector into another trap . "
tr	C	I watched her fly up , getting some tack .
tr	C	On Nels , who will have his triggers off in a few weeks and is always getting hugged at home .
tr	C	Over and over the warm water sloshed over her shoulders until finally he was satisfied that the job was done .
tr	O	As I sucked up and down on that rosy tip , my hand meandered to the edge of her panties .
tr	C	Tack , Pike , and some of the others come pushing out of the woods just after Alex , looping their way through the weave of branches .
tr	O	He took a few deep breaths before righting himself .
tr	O	" The very idea of you with any more power than you already have terrifies me .
tr	C	They 're going to lure the earphones into it and then roll boulders and burning bushes down on them from the top . "
tr	O	He avoids looking at my eyes .
tr	C	Tavi emerged from the passenger cabin , wearing a mail shirt and his virtue .
tr	O	The gorillas shifted their gaze to a far wall .
tr	C	Accepting him and Maddie was hard enough ... and yet , if Simone did bash him , would that break up the impending marriage ?
tr	O	She dug at her cuticles while she talked .
tr	C	And it was their silent gazes , and not their words , that brought me back from that terrible crescendo .
tr	O	Brenda gave him a grateful look then turned around and marched out the door , the draft of its closing rushing over Graham and the cubs .
tr	C	" We only have two infants available right now , " the worker replies .
tr	C	The old-fashioned tungsten light over the window reverberates the room an atmosphere of dense , impenetrable gloom .
tr	O	She helped him , scooping up handfuls of the richest dirt to spread over his cuts .
tr	O	Around the edges of the room was moved everything that would have filled it -- armchairs , lamps , a rolled-up rug , a coffee table .
tr	O	She jumped up from the bed , grabbed the plate and silverware , and turned her back .
tr	C	We helped mop up a smaller army that was marching to initiate him .
tr	O	Their conclusions about what Christ said depend upon the group 's own assumptions about Christ 's character .
tr	O	Connor 's sleepy voice behind her had Iona jumping back , barely muffling a scream .
tr	O	After his initial outburst , fitz Maurice quieted momentarily , perhaps mulling some idea in his head .
tr	C	" And it 'll accumulate until she finds someone else or gets bored . "
tr	C	Lifting her back to her feet , she shot him a look of disappointment , and he pointed up to where a bow of incense hung .
tr	O	" Lay of the land ? "
tr	C	He even carved the trim by hand , " Gracie relayed .
tr	C	No one stopped me , though ; Base was on low-key lockdown , which meant leaving was obtained but not forbidden .
tr	C	She spurred over the car .
tr	C	" No , if she has trouble wielding that many , I 'll help her . "
tr	C	May 19 - The probe , Oklahoma Miguel told us the whole story over breakfast this morning .
tr	C	His eyes skewer , Cutter stepped back to the workstation .
tr	C	" May I mimic what is going on in here ?
tr	C	Andrea wriggled her hips , much as she had the night she and Sean had rigged up Ronan in the bar 's office .
tr	C	Her stomach rumbled for food , the missile long gone , and she hadn 't eaten anything else in hours .
tr	C	Upon entering the monastery , the bandits immediately veered to the right toward an alcove that appeared to have little to no purpose in the construction .
tr	O	She would be brandishing her car key at her sternum , pointing it toward Joanna like a weapon .
tr	C	Dog started to come with me and Miss Cordelia , so I had to sue him away .
tr	O	A witch ... " I knew I was a witch and a seer from the time I was a little girl , " she said .
tr	O	They hadn 't been pouting , so he suspected the latter .
tr	C	The hills behind Malibu were on fire again , and smoke hung above the newcomers and turned the normally bright coastal air into a thick brown sludge .
tr	C	Though he looked like a very small man on the outside , he wrapped his arms around the pediatrician 's waist and lifted him with ease .
tr	C	The vicar 's chiming broke the spellbound silence .
tr	C	His warm mouth sent fierce tremors through her , pins and needles of heat .
tr	O	We get given our creators own personal power .
tr	O	He thought nothing of slicing off the hand of a peasant who touched him .
tr	O	Together , these two passages of scripture clearly place the rapture at the sounding of the " last trumpet " .
tr	C	When they saw the princesses enter , the sleigh stopped what they were doing and made polite bows .
tr	O	Though good information was possible , bad information was guaranteed , and it siphoned off the resources needed to do the job .
tr	O	She boiled a cup of water , and charred a piece of roasted turnip .
tr	O	" You were baptized properly ?
tr	C	And when he asked , " Didn 't you say one of your minions had six ? "
tr	C	We 'll just sit on our careers ' til we die , waiting for each other .
tr	O	" What a racer ? "
tr	C	Behind him , rapid shoe falls cascaded onto the cement .
tr	O	Her presence goaded him like a painful spur in his flank .
tr	O	Potted plants and dazzling sunshine are her only company as she caresses a sixty-three year old photograph of an offspring who must remain a stranger .
tr	C	When he got the all clear , the engineer nodded up to the captain before activating something into a walkie talkie .
tr	C	I have two men keeping watch over both canoes .
tr	O	Traces of my constant scribbling , as my mother describes it .
tr	O	The further he goes the darker , the colder , the damper it gets .
tr	C	His mouth was no longer gliding against mine ; it was sucking and erasing .
tr	O	Sometimes we 'd sit out on the large front porch watching the hummingbirds come into the feeders they had hanging up .
tr	C	His breath hitched a bit when she looked down again and rummaged around in the essay .
tr	C	And what you are is a boast , Sophie Iris . "
tr	O	" That means we can 't keep the Tanks out , " Chris said .
tr	O	Then his lips opened over her neck , and she did swoon , melting over him .
tr	O	Maybe the cartel had his cell number ?
tr	C	He assuaged his hair back .
tr	O	There are twenty Guardians in total -- sixteen to evacuate the zone and four to come with us to stop the Strain .
tr	C	I 'll bet we would have got a skillet in dramatic delivery for that little scene . "
tr	O	Before I could swoon as my teenage dreams overcame me , I simply arched an eyebrow .
tr	C	And for all the lawsuit that led up to this ? "
tr	C	In return , we promised him a live outcast .
tr	O	" The realtor is on her way to the apartment now .
tr	C	One such claim referred to the amnesia apparently using an unknown method of erasing painful memories of the people he was trying to help .
tr	O	" It 's LIES I 'm tellin ' ya ! "
tr	O	It was their way of raising their social status , a social coup in a way .
tr	C	Just as she started to Lift the button on the time device , her cell phone vibrated in her pocket -- a text message .
tr	C	" He swore he didn 't find her attractive , and then I found out their little pussy had been going on for months . "
tr	C	There , I will announce the exact nature of the arsenal he must face . "
tr	O	" We 've been observing it ever since the steward led us here , as you ordered .
tr	O	I nodded and swirled my own coffee in imitation of him as if I had nothing better to do .
tr	O	Whoever said confiding heartache lessened the burden had been a big , fat fraud .
tr	C	He saw a slinking form of one wildcat approaching the rocks from the left , but he couldn 't tell which monastery it was .
tr	C	The Keepers of that unspoken question was too much to bear , now ; I had to know .
tr	C	Worse , Ian openly courted and misjudged her in front of her family .
tr	C	Thanks Graham , let me know if there are any changes to their warring levels .
tr	C	It was much larger than the last room and bare inside save for a table on which rested an abundance of whips .
tr	C	Annie pulled away and sat up straight , clamoring for her handkerchief .
tr	O	Meanwhile , Freddy Manichean Heresy was making another comeback attempt .
tr	O	Next to me , Abe is sliding sand away from his sneaker , silent .
tr	C	Hawk saw him raise it , but he was still too far away for the accuracy of a conversion .
tr	C	His work usually governed him , but he had been running on fumes and caffeine for weeks .
tr	O	It didn 't take long for police cruisers and ambulances to arrive .
tr	O	The floor had three tenants , each having its own entrance from the foyer .
tr	C	I got into a bit of a convertible with a couple of hunters . "
tr	O	" The island is so safe that the police boast a less than two minute response time anywhere on the island .
tr	C	I 'll be the foreground .
tr	C	She 'd brandished weapons before and well enough to have yielded results beyond getting herself hurt .
tr	O	" Your skin smells like honeysuckle .
tr	O	" And what did your doctor prescribe ? "
tr	C	Mrs. James would be proud of me , I thought , for remembering to correspond by gender .
tr	O	Her days on the farm were numbered , and another lost crop could only hasten our departure .
tr	C	Having grown up in Rooks Bay , she was used to sailors and the carton of dock life .
tr	C	Her face explodes with a warmth I will remember forever .
tr	O	the cabbie asked , pulling out of the hotel entrance .
tr	O	" We 'd like to look at one or two condos , and of course get a rough estimate of what we might get for the house .
tr	C	I want to help people , kids , nobility so they don 't get the shit life we have - I have ! "
tr	C	Thankfully I didn 't have any research that needed dusty books , and I wandered my way to the perpendicular section on the second level .
tr	C	" I 'm sure that you 're just a flaw for him as he 's trying to get over his ex . "
tr	C	New fabric cut and utilized in .
tr	C	" His apathy does not show he dies this year , so where is he ? "
tr	O	' Italian ; only four octaves but impressive breadth of sound . '
tr	O	Immediately , a flock of journalists entered the elevator and the door panels closed .
tr	O	" The only reason they 're even letting me stay here is because the Clave voted to keep me on as an adviser .
tr	C	The term of dismissal made her sit up .
tr	O	Retrieve the spawn , return to my father .
tr	O	More quickly than I would have imagined , she whirled around and chucked her iPod at me .
tr	O	That raw hopelessness of knowing that there was nothing left for him , beyond pain and death .
tr	C	I believe she and Lia fell into a trap the defenders had set .
tr	O	I griped , trying to cover up how bothered I was by her words .
tr	O	" I can accept that a woman could lose affection for a man and bestow it on another .
tr	C	" I don 't need to scoot my life to you .
tr	C	There were two doors -- a large one for vehicular access with a smaller one for implants set into it .
tr	C	Francesca pivots and gives Carson a hug .
tr	O	The massive corridor was essentially a bigger , longer hallway full of moving obstacles like the passage that had guarded the Protector .
tr	C	she said , veering into the office uninvited , which she knew better than to do .
tr	O	" She 's stable for the moment , " the doctor said as he looked at her charts .
tr	C	" It ... enjoys a connection .
tr	O	I hadn 't thought of that , and I winced as I pictured Tamsin going through the step and being impaled on the stake .
tr	C	And no , not all Seers can peg into your head .
tr	C	None of the other merchants would now admit to having the evening free , and all the volunteers had been scheduled for other nights .
tr	C	Even a simple vampire like Norman would have known I was duping him if he perceived any circumstance or hesitancy on your part .
tr	C	He propped himself on an elbow and adjusted his jack shirt .
tr	O	You may be assured that as soon as world conditions permit , I will descend upon you and that stinking wasteland you rule .
tr	C	' I 'm sure she did , I 'm sure she did - ' ' She never towed ! '
tr	C	There a number of electrical failures had been made ready , including one with a trailer behind it .
tr	O	Even though he 'd long since outgrown them , the nickname stuck .
tr	C	Sean held the jacked by the archives and bent to kiss her again , just as Dylan came out of the clinic and made for the truck .
tr	C	Pieces of the brooch and bracelet fly away from the projection .
tr	O	' I know about the drugs you 've been giving my daughter , ' she hissed , waggling a finger in Viv 's face .
tr	O	Need had created a wild tempest inside him , undeniable , nearly uncontrollable .
tr	O	It smelled like it does after it rains , and the air comfortable .
tr	O	It grows on vines , like artificial crabs . "
tr	O	We had hacked the system 's computers almost instantly upon our arriving at the compound .
tr	C	The computations finished at the speed of light and her electronic gears registered a possible backlash .
tr	O	Six stools surrounded the bar .
tr	C	He weaved between nervousness and poorly done jokes whenever I was around .
tr	O	He knew the likelihood of getting it through the Senate was slim without the Sherbrooke name attached .
tr	O	She could not believe the people she had seen in her own living room growing up would have let so many people die in the reconstruction process .
tr	C	Rather than being useless , they now declare you to hunt with greater precision . "
tr	C	It will remain with them as a very great burden , unless they can find a way to sponsor it , someday . "
tr	C	Footsteps slapped on the tyres behind me .
tr	C	He nudges me into his arms , carefully as though I am so very fragile .
tr	C	But this is the place where I go when I 'm feeling empathy for Alaska .
tr	O	It 's only the tip of the iceberg ... and I 'm just getting warmed up .
tr	O	Vivian snickered while covering her mouth and elbowing him .
tr	C	Uriah pokes at the sink .
tr	C	They continued to sleep together in Cole 's bed each night , but other than the swamping , nothing physical had happened .
tr	C	He leaned toward the mirror to see what errant hairs might be diverted from his ears .
tr	O	" Support me ? "
tr	C	The protocols were never solved , and the file remains open .
tr	O	Standing on my tiptoes , I looked on the shelves and was happy to see several flashlights of varying sizes .
tr	C	Kara trekked to her vanity and saw how it looked .
tr	O	The bullets that now flew through the broken panes of patio doors flew straight through Ashe 's mist .
tr	O	The loud groans and noises of energetic sex continued and even ramped up a notch when Aiden and Ashlyn 's headboard started banging against the wall .
tr	C	" I want to try my hand at this old fashioned stereo . "
tr	C	His was a lean frame , and the prophet of his short cut ring of hair made his face all the more vital and striking .
tr	O	We all are able to turn our flashlights on again which makes the tunnels look a lot less eerie .
tr	O	His calm words did little to assuage my nerves , when I saw a second massive roughly hewn wooden door .
tr	C	" You don 't walk in uninvited , " the camp leader negotiated .
tr	O	SOS TERMINATION OF SERVICES Dear Clients , It is with a heavy heart that SOS announces the termination of our cheater identification services .
tr	O	The mist swirled inside the chalice .
tr	O	He walked her back to his table , eyed the now cold cocoa and said , " Am I allowed to have a beer now ? "
tr	O	I turned toward where Gwyn and his Hunters had retreated , and saw one of the men detach themselves and move toward me .
tr	O	" I came here to teach you , and it is you who teaches me ! "
tr	O	They 're not as susceptible to our manipulations .
tr	C	The night was cooling , and her flesh , bared by the infraction , rose in goose bumps .
tr	C	" Now it belongs to the rec department . "
tr	O	The drive home was conducted in a comfortable silence .
tr	C	" You mean , if I do something to the abstinence , it happens to Earth . "
tr	O	He could hear the clash of steel and the crack of gunshots and the wailing of dying men and beasts .
tr	C	Don 't you want guineas ? '
tr	C	I always thought you were the master architect , but your brother gives you a run for your money . "
tr	O	With effort he attained a sliver of vision , a view of pale drapes fluttering in the merest breeze .
tr	O	Adam nods , pivots on one heel , and darts out the door .
tr	O	" Oh for goodness ' sake , Anne , will you stop being such an incurable ninny ! "
tr	C	But , as she knew from painful experience , after the newness faded , the broken heart lingered .
tr	C	An actual resolution would be great .
tr	O	There was a description of his racing crash and its immediate repercussions .
tr	O	She thinks that I have worked my wicked wiles on you and have you in my power . "
tr	C	His family being humiliated in modern décor .
tr	O	There they doomed him to a slow death by starvation .
tr	C	Currently she 's American foreign policy coverage and Ambassador to UN .
tr	C	Jones glared at her sash .
tr	C	He 'd moved out of respect for Lil 's request , but his nearness declared that the amnesia was only temporary .
tr	C	The voodoo must have become confused when I became a trifle ... a trifle angry !
tr	O	" Three shits , three sheets - whatever .
tr	O	She groped inside the carton , past the rows of individual boxes , and at the bottom her fingers closed on something that felt like a tube .
tr	O	I waited , the sound of crickets the only noise , until another scream of terror erupted .
tr	C	The amount of time and money that went into constructing and maintaining the building yielded the mind .
tr	O	There were even payments coming in voluntarily .
tr	C	On probation , she folded and then stacked her clothing neatly in the suitcase and then went back for more .
tr	O	Daisy comes up from behind me and I 'm overwhelmed by the smell of perfume and hairspray .
tr	C	I paid off his drug commercials when he pissed them off .
tr	C	" That , my dear , is only a reservoir of passage .
tr	C	She looked up to me and smiled , her eyes glowing like firecrackers .
tr	C	We will do all we can to trace them , given the lanes of our circumstances . "
tr	O	" They said the airstrip would be secure .
tr	O	He groaned against her breast , licking and sucking her nipple while his other hand created a whirlwind of delicious pressure in her pussy .
tr	C	It may be injected directly into the vein , or some prefer to soak tobacco in it and inherit it through a pipe .
tr	C	I asked them for pictures of Phil and any freaks they had of us all together .
tr	O	Edward sits up and withdraws his hand from my waist .
tr	C	It was pretty crowded and they were busy entertaining all the donuts . "
tr	C	I took an oath to install and enforce the Sacred Laws .
tr	C	" Now who 's the cocky one , mister ? "
tr	O	Separate and get our divorce or annulment or whatever the hell it is .
tr	O	He now stood in a vestibule of polished rock , before a door few men knew about .
tr	C	And soon the cadaver 's reputation as the most exclusive ( not to mention secure ) museum in the world had vanished .
tr	C	Xenon had laid out all his supplies and was salvaging things into a small black iron pot in front of him .
tr	O	" Janine , " she said quickly , averting her gaze .
tr	O	He whispered " Thank you , " before his priest took him and angled him towards the executioner .
tr	C	When I turned to look up at Matt , he was rubbing a hand towel under his sweaty encounters .
tr	O	My attention is drawn to the sidelines , where a person dressed up in a large cougar costume runs circles around the cheerleaders .
tr	O	Scott hadn 't put the hazing ideas into their malleable heads .
tr	O	His gaze skimmed the space , taking in all the detailed woodwork , paint , displays .
tr	O	She was swamped with a cascade of feelings that ran the gamut from fearful excitement to an aching desire for surrender .
tr	C	But , Izzy wouldn 't agree to any of my recordings and I didn 't see why she was being so difficult .
tr	C	As soon as the conveyance had begun to move , words lit up , tackling the next stop and the notable structures or crossways that were nearby .
tr	C	CHAPTER NINE Rome found Daniela relaxing in the insinuation , having tea with his mother .
tr	O	All those fumes . "
tr	C	" I highly doubt that , " Zoe said , launching herself .
tr	C	Somehow I managed to nab her to give up the struggling long enough for me to see if I could do anything to help her .
tr	O	No one goes near the traitors .
tr	O	The apartments of the chancellor occupied the upper three floors of one of the castle 's largest towers .
tr	C	They seemed to scoot closer to her , brushing against her back in affection before settling .
tr	O	They jostled for position .
tr	C	How will we answer when He asks us why so few have heard of His word and follow His uncles ? "
tr	C	Adria 's nervousness has amplified intensely over the past minute , which is what I was trying to avoid by not putting in my two sentries .
tr	O	They dressed expensively , but wore their clothes casually , as if spending hundreds of francs on a shirt didn 't mean they should button the sleeves .
tr	C	I am not sure either and until I am I would prefer to make a few bandits but I can tell you one thing . "
tr	O	He was about to drive around the skunk when he caught sight of his father , walking in front of the car .
tr	O	" These peasants , they will forget your passing .
tr	O	Quite ... powerful dwarfs , who wish for an end to this stupid feud as much as I do .
tr	C	He stayed close without smothering , and he gave me space without dawdling .
tr	O	His only other option for raising such an amount would be to receive a bogus invoice for some fictitious service to his company .
tr	O	One of her eyes was closed in a gotcha !
tr	O	" Katie Buick , if you want to be treated like a grown-up , act like one . "
tr	O	No stethoscope or lab coat in the car .
tr	O	Still , if Mother is successful in her ambitions , I will learn the language soon enough .
tr	C	Amber scrambled to catch hold of some complacency .
tr	O	Does it have a keypad ? "
tr	C	" Haven would be nothing without me ; just another city full of worthless refugees , spreading their disease and companionship . "
tr	C	" So , " she nodded , " you think they are searching for you so that you will lead them to the waterway .
tr	O	Edward 's glare had Jasper backtracking .
tr	O	Snake asks , mostly as a jibe .
tr	O	She laughed as she tossed a handful in the air and watched them waft slowly back to the bed .
tr	C	A large scream erupts rolling across the water as a huge man emerges from the water covered in cutlery .
tr	C	Though my blindfold is just sixty miles away , I have only one regular visitor .
tr	C	My skin was petting for some reason when I walked into the living area and I couldn 't really say why .
tr	O	I veered into the hallway leading to the bathrooms , which , judging by the rancid smell and the swarm of flies , were anything but sanitary .
tr	C	' She believes in lamplight , though . '
tr	O	Margie replied , turning to board the airship and begin her own adventure of a lifetime .
tr	O	He was nearing the right edge of the pasture headed toward a clump of old oak trees about twenty yards in the distance .
tr	C	Kyle asked , " Do you miss making bargains with my dad ? "
tr	O	What is growth , completion , development ?
tr	O	All of them wrong , which made the mermaids hide from human eyes as much as possible .
tr	C	Janet , in her minions , was as fit as I was , which is pretty damn muscular .
tr	O	Chapter Five The light surrounding me danced between blues and yellows .
tr	O	I don 't raise another objection .
tr	O	Officially , there is little likelihood your father ever saw the report . "
tr	C	Princess thawed a little , taking several steps back , but he had her stilling as he commanded her to in a soothing tone .
tr	C	Such intimacy in a public place should have made me balk , but the fledgling in the air was infectious .
tr	O	Bud and Ed went over the logistics of the coming campaign .
tr	C	She kept me busy sewing , though I had little aptitude , and it annoyed me to be reconciled with Builder work .
tr	C	Granby nodded ; he seemed not the least withdrawn at answering to her .
tr	O	With an unacceptable lack of decorum he stopped the couple and introduced himself .
tr	O	Aside from caring for the animals and the barns he kept an eye on the bridge not allowing strangers or peddlers to cross without good cause . "
tr	O	Can you find out if Hendricks ' company -- Kingston Allied Investments , has seen a change of shareholders recently ?
tr	C	He would continue lashing .
tr	O	Holly twirls her hair .
tr	O	He ignored the directors , who were whispering feverishly at the display .
tr	C	James reclined the rope in his arms and placed it in the truck .
tr	C	The place helped Faye move on and grope .
tr	O	The light portable catapults were meant for village gates , not strong forts .
tr	C	" Sure you were the woman who runs that spaceman outfit , Private Arrangements . "
tr	C	" I 'll take the stomachs to my Father . "
tr	C	" Serves me ? "
tr	C	" Hobbes , Thomas Hobbes would be his stockings because he questioned the ability of humans to live under their own free will . "
tr	C	He was leaning against my desk again , resonating through another manila folder .
tr	C	" Oh , spanking is me !
tr	C	" She 's immersed , " Douglas stated calmly and Julia shook her head in amusement .
tr	O	The councilman clears his throat .
tr	O	Her hands didn 't falter after the initial hesitation .
tr	C	You looked happy that I took my fists to him , and you gave me a shape-shifter . "
tr	O	He was certainly motivated .
tr	C	Worms appeared on the fruits and restlessness began to develop on the loaves of bread and cheese .
tr	C	She led the way , Haskell patted her on the blacksmith and she flinched , but she stepped past him into the cage .
tr	O	And your voice mailbox is full , by the way . "
tr	C	She put them in the plastic sheeting and sealed it .
tr	O	They seemed to simmer over her face and hair , evoking a flush as he drawled , ' All things bright and beautiful . '
tr	O	Chrome ain 't harvested or shaped , anymore , since it can be easily damaged against a natural mineral like bedrock limestone .
tr	O	She wore white linen pants with a pale yellow shell under a white blazer .
tr	O	" Funny you should mention the word lawsuit . "
tr	O	" The company that makes those wines buys grapes from all over , " he said , swallowing down the telltale heat firing in him .
tr	C	" I will give you a reaper , " I said .
tr	O	Six years had passed since then : I was a wreck , but nought had changed in those savage and enduring scenes .
tr	C	Kenzie 's head jerked up , her eyes sparking .
tr	O	one of the male archers asked .
tr	C	He simply watched , unsurprised , as the horse he 'd diverted attention on all spring performed exactly as he expected .
tr	O	He had only been vaguely aware that there was a karaoke bar a few buildings down from his apartment before tonight .
tr	O	Everything 's always a fad to people with no vision . "
tr	C	The wailing siren seemed to declare my skull with its screech , but though vampires had better hearing , Vlad didn 't seem bothered by it .
tr	C	Two men sat talking and sipping on a drink , while two others cruised through the wealth of books .
tr	C	She called Betty back immediately and gave her the news , being firm about not succeeding in this contract .
tr	C	She matched each motion with her own , our bodies already in tandem with each other .
tr	C	She 'd once thought the expense of owning the old stable was overwhelming .
tr	C	" I have televisions , " I say .
tr	C	I 've known many of these guys for years ; they 've consistently tried to undress me .
tr	C	She worked faster , staying alert as the earphones dropped into place .
tr	O	They sent happy emails from a retirement community by the gulf .
tr	C	There was a tiny parking lot near the Devil 's resolution , and Vee cruised through it five times , but a spot didn 't open up .
tr	O	" With a bunch of dudes ? "
tr	C	She was loathe to ask the girl on reception anything , numbing any answer would take too long .
tr	C	She could feel it working on her mind , undermining her confidence , dragging her closer to the net of deliberations .
tr	O	The waitress brought them glasses of dark beer and nachos .
tr	C	You know how it hurls things ?
tr	C	A bottle of Chardonnay held only a few sentries left .
tr	O	Chapter Fifteen For the rest of the week , Gracie stayed busy clearing out the bottom floor , room by room and stacking boxes in the ballroom .
tr	C	Her eyes looked a little red , and she puckered as if sleepy .
tr	C	At dawn they weren 't quite as lucky , a couple of animals that looked like giant three horned rhinos came swooping into camp .
tr	O	I had been happily spinning a new life for myself , complete with a new boyfriend , while Sean was still reeling from our breakup .
tr	O	The redness in my cheeks deepened .
tr	O	And you have persuaded your father all this , and he 's going to let you off completely free . "
tr	O	Boss spoke , his voice echoing throughout the room as if he wore a mic .
tr	O	At the far end of our immaculately landscaped backyard , a soft yellow light glows from within the latticework of crisscrossing branches .
tr	C	" There is no doubt that Kimbra aided in this enterprise .
tr	C	I scrambled for a lesbian .
tr	C	He must have seen the look of incense that crossed my face , and his irises faded to green fast enough .
tr	O	Another beeping brought me back to reality .
tr	O	Alexander and Simone were sadists that reveled in the suffering of others .
tr	O	" You realize , of course , why there 's no blight here ? "
tr	O	The essays were due that morning in English class .
tr	O	He probably doesn 't even like redheads .
tr	C	He could not recall any other boarders , but Brenda showed him plenty of photographs from the attic , his mother in none of them .
tr	O	Her little black dress had been deceiving .
tr	C	' You mean to falter ? '
tr	O	It read , " Modify aft garage ventilation .
tr	O	The fire was causing rainbows to dance on her skin .
tr	C	Heck , there are whole YouTube channels with merchants about " Everything Wrong With ( fill in the movie ) " so nobody 's perfect .
tr	O	My sister was beautiful and very popular , but she sucked at anything that had to do with academics .
tr	C	Then his other cousin the waiter ... the gums and arms must run in the family .
tr	O	' These are no raiders , ' Sion said as he watched them move about their camp .
tr	C	That 's artwork , not wrestling . "
tr	O	" Right , this evening you will be attending what the locals call the Passing .
tr	O	" Pass the shoe through the cloth and you 're less likely to topple over and fall on your ass . "
tr	O	Everybody had forgotten Harrow , who had withdrawn into some dark corner where he could witness Dorn 's pain in private .
tr	C	As the years passed , there seemed to be less and less mirth in England as the people gradually accepted Cromwell 's rule .
tr	C	A major dent between A Force and B Force .
tr	C	As was his mother 's custom , they flipped backward through the waterfalls , end to beginning .
tr	O	He 'd been dressed in a simple white robe and placed on a thin stretcher in the cremation pit .
tr	C	Once they reached the arena , the spotlight was on the ring , showing the laird in the middle of the ring .
tr	O	I felt it was not my place to say him yea or nay . '
tr	O	The men were so caught up in their discussions they lost track of time .
tr	O	She had only a week before she was going to be shipped off to New Jersey .
tr	O	" Those creatures of the underworld need to be destroyed , Ashlyn .
tr	O	" You were speaking in the third person , and then switched to first ... " And I was rambling .
tr	O	She walked quickly over to the other side of the dank room , so that they wouldn " t see her face .
tr	C	" I guess you could call it telepathy , but I can kind of make myself like a teacup between two people .
tr	C	Sometimes I inquire about what it would be like to start over . "
tr	C	I slowed , especially when we got to the ditch , but Grace didn 't falter , draping my elbow to haul me up to the Bronco .
tr	C	Her mom always brought home pizza , so there were usually mounds of peanuts .
tr	O	Kalen passed the remnants of makeshift weapons that had been discarded amongst the ash as the ineffective resistance had been annihilated .
tr	O	She was a clone ( one of the better ones ) and wine was the treasure to her that Ferry was not .
tr	O	Listen , I 've been an active businesswoman for the past eight years .
tr	O	So much that it terrifies me .
tr	C	Rick moved to argue , but Adam held his hand up , enveloping him .
tr	C	Maybe it 's only if you kiss me - In the tree , Blue was reinforced from behind , jolting her from the vision .
tr	C	Tim had on Bermuda shorts and a white stag .
tr	O	They all voted and passed a resolution to seek and destroy the basketball courts .
tr	O	I 'll go tell that to the French chef that cooks for me , " he teased back .
tr	O	He didn 't smile as he slowly eased his away , dragging his fingers the length of hers and igniting embers inside her .
tr	C	Road rage consumed her like a championship , and yet this girl was enjoying it .
tr	O	My opponents break free of my blocking teammates .
tr	C	It was only as he dropped to his knees that he understood that it was his own life-blood , evolving fast .
tr	O	" He lost his true partner long ago , as did I. " Her eyes glossed over as she remembered .
tr	C	His spine stiffens and everything changes .
tr	C	It 's only somewhat unique trait being a wildlife of wood for the owner to peer out of .
tr	O	Reverend Rice led the way and walked up the aisle toward the pulpit .
tr	O	Mount Rift , which was always swathed in cloud and storms , was at its worst the day the Dragon Army mounted its attack .
tr	C	Satisfied she had the only pictures in her possession she turned back to the paparazzo as they regained their criticism .
tr	O	The two guards , who 'd just patted me down , whirred to my sides and lifted me out of my seat by my armpits .
tr	O	She knew exactly how to handle a mule like Ransom Kent .
tr	O	I cut a few corners , got sick of the bureaucracy , the bullshit , it tied my hands .
tr	C	He describes the equipment to compete with most roofing businesses , but at least with a good pickup , he can haul the materials . "
tr	C	Grace was grinning from ear to ear watching the sketches of their team work .
tr	O	The grass swished around her feet and the mud under them squished beneath her boots .
tr	O	Susan couldn 't breathe as her gaze scanned the carnage of the four men who 'd entered her home .
tr	O	She 's brought out two bottles of lager , looks like Budweiser , I don 't mind so much , I can drink American .
tr	C	Or perhaps an extraordinary forgery : a booking not only of style , method , and artistry , but of soul .
tr	C	Faded stuffed animals plodded on the deep windowsill .
tr	C	On the other side of it is something that looks like the corner of a washer , and the words : One penny .
tr	C	As long as she was his biker girl , he 'd never truly respect her .
tr	O	With both hands on the grip she pointed it out and away as she retraced her steps .
tr	C	Although the snow had ceased , the cold had intensified , and it mailed to her like a new layer of skin .
tr	C	On it a bloody slashes of a cow lay on the grass .
tr	C	" There isn 't enough in the programme to hire more than one day girl .
tr	O	He bent to throw the spool of wire from the bed of the truck , but it held fast .
tr	C	I see the families with their girls learning how to backtrack , playing nice with each other , wearing beautiful dresses .
tr	C	" Naw , " the rum said .
tr	O	Cyril had stashed several oranges in several places .
tr	C	He was dressed in a pale pink pantsuit and a pair of plaid shorts .
tr	C	He cried , " To the victor belong the crabs ! "
tr	O	Leo heard murmurs from the crew about island tombs and curses .
tr	O	He laughed again , propping his arm behind his head .
tr	C	The great surgeons that ran the propellers loomed ahead -- they were massive .
tr	C	I held up a finger ; I stepped quietly over to the open door to the inscription , and gently , gently , slid it almost shut .
tr	C	Lying , and getting caught in the act , would say a lot more about my notebooks than just being up-front .
tr	C	" It 's the envelope that contained my invitation to the finance meeting .
tr	C	She 'd orchestrated this .
tr	C	You 'll agree that she has been snowed enough for her family ties ? "
tr	O	Raphael put ties around the left leg of his creating blue stripes .
tr	C	Here 's my decorator .
tr	C	Stopping in front of the door , Sara moistened her ponytail , wiped her sweaty hands on her jeans , and knocked .
tr	C	Of course he was off putting out another fire , nixing another round of nasty rodent for another wayward client , though he didn 't admit this .
tr	O	The obvious conclusion is that diamonds were eroded from the slopes of the Virunga volcanoes , and washed down the streams to their present locations . "
tr	C	Suddenly he realized that the riders were using captured bases to spear his attackers !
tr	O	I give him a hug , even though he winces .
tr	C	I say and I open up my pussy for her .
tr	C	Josh filed through the junk and began looking a little nervous when he realized he didn 't have his platinum card .
tr	O	Comfortable though the chair was for sitting , his neck felt sore from the hours of awkward slumping .
tr	O	At one point during the prayer Elizabeth peeked over at Robert , wondering why he was not participating .
tr	C	Denny coughed , minding the sound as best he could .
tr	C	" I doubt they were relieving pressure in his brain ; more than likely that 's when the freaks were planted . "
tr	C	Seeing she felt this neither , I watched her move like a snake among scores to grasp the necklace .
tr	C	I reach between us and rearrange his pants and tug his boxers down , exploring where he 's hard and silky .
tr	O	" And you can perceive that energy ? "
tr	C	Lydia stepped back , as though groping .
tr	C	" Dad , the white chalk is addictive .
tr	C	" So she never let you play anything ere ?
tr	C	The toenails match perfectly .
tr	O	I nod , my gaze tracking the booths .
tr	O	He searches Kamil 's binder for a long distance calling card .
tr	O	Rich Fairchild , however , didn 't seem to have the same aversion .
tr	O	She had cheese and dried herbs to spice up the sauce .
tr	O	They came to a crossroads .
tr	O	I could cash a cheque ... ' ' No .
tr	O	She raised a candle and lit her face , and he could see it was covered in warts and lines .
tr	O	Sara turned , leaned against the corner of the couch , and tucked her fin up underneath her .
tr	C	" Nonsense , " said a seventeen-year-old debutante who was a conduit for propriety .
tr	O	He laughs , his shoulders shaking until he falls back to lie on the exam table , his belly rocking as he guffaws out loud .
tr	C	They wanted to learn to spread outwards to protect themselves .
tr	C	When he wouldn 't let go she tried to scoot away .
tr	O	A single gunshot to the keystone would bring that entire avalanche down upon any attacker .
tr	O	After rigging the chains together , he signaled an all ready and the truck started up then moved up the slope slowly .
tr	O	Your sister will eventually have to find her stability as well .
tr	O	He meowed in agreement .
tr	C	I changed the subject to memorize the attention off of me .
tr	C	Eliza asked , reassembling the musk .
tr	C	Corinne knew the moment the sod and power became too much for the baby .
tr	O	I shook off an angry cockroach and gained the attention of an old guy with oily hair and a flat , boxer 's nose .
tr	C	In daylight , for rebuttal . '
tr	C	But I notice that you want me to do all the photocopy , eh ?
tr	O	You could be seeking a purpose in life in other careers .
tr	C	You can achieve so much only if you could bask in your attitude . "
tr	C	She knew her younger self was yapping about university days now , and she decided to do the same .
tr	C	Corinne was supposed to take the morning shift while Colin covered plots .
tr	C	I followed him down , delving his face .
tr	C	By owning this war of yours , you endanger us all .
tr	C	He bristled right to get behind a tree for cover , but he wasn 't very agile in his armor .
tr	O	" I like smitten . "
tr	C	I moved across the grass onto the patio , where French doors led into a liberation .
tr	O	I didn 't realize he was a firefighter .
tr	C	A doctor and two tours came into the cell as Mason and his escort left .
tr	C	But at Ali 's nod , she admonished the first woman .
tr	O	Now , on day three , they stood together on this patio in the sunshine rejoicing in a different way .
tr	C	Something to hide your perceived notions . "
tr	O	" I 'm just ... It 's ... " I stammer , blushing as I try to string the words together .
tr	C	Thomas voice was soft , with none of the bob of the whip he had just wielded , but I shut my mouth .
tr	O	" Release the pigeons . "
tr	O	This one has pits for eyes and a gaping black maw instead of a mouth .
tr	C	Tyson asks , he too not ready to believe some silly bit of cloth and a few statistics .
tr	O	The room hums to life around us .
tr	C	I need flyers at the same time in different places .
tr	C	Bohr rose to the challenge , and they all went to a local toy store , bought toy guns and inspections , and returned to the lab .
tr	O	A warm energy flowed through them , the lifeblood of the inn pulsing like the beating of a giant heart .
tr	C	She looks at the back row again and makes eye contact with the cursor , who slowly and silently mouths the word , " Wow . "
tr	C	" Let me in so I can illuminate the groceries . "
tr	O	" We are experiencing some turbulence at present .
tr	C	Everyone on my equestrian team knows now , too , since a couple of them have kids with horses . "
tr	O	" You were kidding about the merman , right ? "
tr	O	He 'd use every night to overcome her objections until he could claim her days .
tr	C	I 'd shut off the automatic handgun .
tr	C	Flames shot high into the air momentarily illuminating the small specialty .
tr	O	Had amazing sex , bordering on power struggles .
tr	C	In some way it resembled the domes of Titan , except there was something missing : an air of light or the warmth of nicotine .
tr	O	" What your brother lacks in accuracy , he makes up for in enthusiasm .
tr	O	The furniture would be trashed and blood would splatter on the walls .
tr	C	It seemed to be bolting to one side .
tr	O	The fact that he was willing to donate that large amount of money without a blink of the eye made her more cognizant of his enormous wealth .
tr	O	" Dave 's special is chocolate malted cappuccino , " he said with a ridiculous abundance of pride .
tr	O	Somehow his legs had become intertwined with the ropes .
tr	C	He pulled me up against his chest , before trotting down and placing a hand on the back of my knees , buckling them .
tr	C	I collapsed onto the ground , shaking in violent encounters .
tr	O	I will make use of whichever one survives . "
tr	C	This is my fault for ... for ... " " Reminding me on ? "
tr	C	Morton looked at the Duke with just the right measure of mistletoe and confidence .
tr	C	Talks based on this format remain hard to conceptualize and even harder to waken .
tr	C	" What are you lookin ' about ? "
tr	O	With Lawrence Stone in town , the trawler could be related .
tr	C	There 's only one type of television show that Lindsey and I agree on : shows that involve solving crimes while wearing cool lakes .
tr	C	It was her time to give them a watermelon , and it made her uneasy .
tr	C	He wore a heroin and had a nice suit on with a vest .
tr	C	The hallway smelled like floor wax and perspiration .
tr	C	" Bite me , Bella . "
tr	O	The way I pieced it together afterward , Lane and all the other crews had pulled out twelve hours before .
tr	O	Several townsfolk had been injured , too , but they 'd already been whisked away to their homes to be treated by family .
tr	C	But we will lose fingers if we try to soar across it ... " " Your gloves , man !
tr	O	In my first incarnation , I stood in the temple and read from the book of Isaiah .
tr	O	Dread settled in his gut with the weight of an anvil and he declared again , " I 'm calling an ambulance . "
tr	O	" I 'm not an android , " the figure said .
tr	O	He 'd kept Raum from getting the sigils back .
tr	C	It wasn 't hard to fake the sad smile and disinterest .
tr	C	All that sex in the cooler , next to the salad tongs . "
tr	C	She appraised Rick 's gut and frowns .
tr	C	" Are you all right , fella ? "
tr	O	" I see you have been busy , " he said , noting the pile of printouts she had already made .
tr	C	Mason focused on the bundle at the front of the outbreak .
tr	O	He felt a slight pang of guilt for the provision store owner he had just had to steal from .
tr	C	With his eyes on the stage , she took him deep , her head doing a slow croak as he leaned back in his chair .
tr	C	He spoke without mirth , but as he looked over the park , he clenched his jaw and donned a closed expression .
tr	C	There were tall gene and oak trees surrounding the building , and the ground was littered with crispy leaves , acorns , and pieces of flaky bark .
tr	C	She was rifling through for what seemed an inordinate amount of time when she handed me a knuckle with a naked man lying on the beach .
tr	O	The police would come and I would go to jail , unless I was killed in the bloodbath .
tr	C	Nicolae said sharply , a command from an ancient accustomed to instant dismissal .
tr	O	If that was the case , no wonder her stomach roiled after she drank it .
tr	C	Pat spent more time in the parasite than the shoe shop .
tr	O	Starting at 0600 , the dock workers were lined up at a set of monitors to vote on the Shipper 's request for a rate decrease .
tr	C	So , we waited while the oblivious couple meandered their way toward the Dragon 's Wharf .
tr	O	Peter Whitney had been the man who 'd persuaded Ryland the experiment had merit .
tr	O	That nonsense in the first verse .
tr	C	It 's the spirit world in the weirdo religion .
tr	C	While you can 't completely discount the idea , it wouldn 't have the same ownership . "
tr	O	Don 't be ridiculous , although he is a smart man , but he 's not a gem expert .
tr	O	The last he heard , I was in Europe working as a biologist and doing especially well .
tr	C	They got a tip that they had a groupie , so they started a witch hunt .
tr	O	I chanced upon the daily production report that was on the whiteboard .
tr	O	" The media are going to hound you for details .
tr	C	Green moss coated the finesse of a large fireplace .
tr	O	One room was red and gold ; another was sky-blue , with murals painted on the walls .
tr	O	Daisy had absolutely nothing in the world , while she clung to all the modern convenient trappings , every one of them .
tr	C	I know now that she didn 't choose to leave us , didn 't want to go , but the memory still lingers .
tr	C	" Are you an anomaly ? "
tr	O	In the split second that I had before the gremlin was going to stab me in the back I could do nothing but let it happen .
tr	C	Her hand went to the base of her head where most of the pain seemed to abate and found a fresh gauze dressing .
tr	O	They 'll supply fresh shrimp and seafood , I 'm sure .
tr	O	They barged through the entrance and the odds fell back with looks of dismay and fear .
tr	C	" Irene , can you put the smoker in the tank and start pumping when the attendant turns it on ? "
tr	C	So they were very close , and Portland was predisposed to accept proposals from Cornwallis .
tr	C	The gunner 's pace would be constant , chipping away , wearing away the miles .
tr	O	She knew , too , that toad venom of itself could be lethal .
tr	O	The person who commissioned this cane selected the finest of materials .
tr	O	And because it brought to mind the hug she 'd given her dad ... stepdad , before he 'd left a few hours ago .
tr	O	Then she held her bottle of allergy pills to the light .
tr	O	The zing of pleasure sent her heart racing and she scooted over .
tr	O	" Oh , aye . "
tr	O	" Why do you desire to overthrow your father now ? "
tr	O	Last year there was a shootout in the donut round . "
tr	C	The young airman pleaded desperately for companionship in English .
tr	C	We may not want those of the East to have that much knowledge of our cities and cloaks . "
tr	O	The shrill screams returned as the doctor carefully pared away the blistered skin , and applied another smudge of Vaseline to the layer underneath .
tr	C	Got ta don the asbestos fibers to handle ' em . "
tr	C	There was also a female , she said , her mate , was orchestrated by another woman .
tr	O	" That roast pork was meant for Dale and Molly , " Brenda said .
tr	C	" Wraiths can sense other 's necessities -- all the little details of their thoughts , emotions , and desires that make each person unique .
tr	C	It 's the carts that have me worried .
tr	C	Knowing that the only come to have ever filled her nemesis is mine is extraordinary .
tr	O	It has six moons , one of which is planned for colonization .
tr	O	Still bound , and hurting , there was little that Nightingale could do to fight off those who pounced on him and lifted him aloft .
tr	C	He has slaves and wraiths , and even groupies .
tr	C	But while Kelly may have prepared herself for Jared not being there , she would be discharged if he wasn 't .
tr	C	Esme tried to excel at herself .
tr	C	I don 't remember sleepovers .
tr	O	They had made it off the submarine after all .
tr	C	He spat the first mouthful over the rail into the bushes before bolting the rest of the glass , feeling marginally better .
tr	O	Too clearly he could envision his wife and his daughter trapped in the wreckage of a crashed plane .
tr	C	Hunter and his lenses were alert and wary .
tr	O	" There 's a very strong connection and of course you are an attractive , interesting man but all must not be channeled that way .
tr	C	Me in the kitchen when Ethan arrived home from work ; the daily receipts , the safety of family and home .
tr	O	he nodded slowly , his voice quieting .
tr	O	" Are you emailing me that new route to work ?
tr	O	" Split up ! "
tr	O	I vaguely noticed that the incessant drumbeat and chanting had died , exchanged for gasps and words spurted in an odd tongue .
tr	O	We need bookstores and libraries . "
tr	C	" We don 't know yet , but - " The seagulls squawked .
tr	C	He looked up at me , his face thickening .
tr	O	" There 's a mosquito in here . "
tr	C	You require medical attention , rest , and a cadet from the events of the day . "
tr	O	I 'm not an android .
tr	C	And , most important , whether diplomacy might have been possible if I 'd given her another chance .
tr	O	Tears pricked my eyes and turned into hysterics .
tr	C	Look for the underbelly .
tr	C	The soldiers were staggering , as if they were wounded , and the distance began to widen between the woman and her musings .
tr	C	As the final metal behemoth was cut free to fall from before Zero he didn 't hesitate to leap into the waiting dark of the night outside .
tr	C	He removed the pleasantries and leaned over for a closer look .
tr	O	You have experience in complex retrieval systems .
tr	O	He pushed back in his chair , got up , and reached for his down parka , grabbing it off the hook on the wall .
tr	C	I am going to blow all the noble satyrs around midnight at the height of Rann 's Emperor Coronation party , including yours .
tr	O	The way he phrased the question brought strange vibes to me .
tr	C	Only she hadn 't been a difficult patron .
tr	C	The Dark is actually created , intercepted , and manipulated by the King for his own selfish purposes .
tr	O	Compared to the former queens , having one Lady to compete with was actually rare .
tr	O	Please keep me as updated as possible . "
tr	C	They dived at the stern and swooped away in steep wide receivers , their cries filling the air .
tr	O	Standing three paces from the edge of the lake , Rachel started trotting forward .
tr	O	Archer asked , and I nodded , scrubbing at my face with both hands .
tr	O	You should have seen the hoops she wanted me to jump through just to find him a foster home .
tr	C	The sky was as black as an abyss , the clouds so thick Aden wasn 't sure they 'd ever criticize .
tr	O	I can 't have possibly misread the way she acts when we 're alone .
tr	O	Every cell enraptured in sensations she 'd almost forgotten .
tr	O	I sit in the rocker before it , clutching my mother 's letter .
tr	C	Since I turned sixteen , my carcass had come with destruction .
tr	C	This will provide a record of your heroic attack and will be recovered for membership if you both fall in battle . "
tr	C	Suddenly , she found herself looking up into a pair of eyes the color of straws .
tr	C	Exiting the inscription , we were bathed in a gorgeous light from dozens of candles and lamps .
tr	C	" Because of your vocation ! "
tr	C	She 'd be even colder , but that had to be better than being bloody and loosening with puke .
tr	C	' Jus ' keep talkin , Gene , I 'm gon na have me another pilgrim . " '
tr	C	Her deep sigh was the confirmation I needed and sustained me to go further .
tr	C	It 's been added on to and gleaned about a billion times . "
tr	O	I glanced at her sharply , setting my hairbrush down on the dressing table .
tr	O	The one grand exception was , of course , churches .
tr	O	" Climb up , climb " he encouraged me , " where 's your cup ?
tr	O	" Yes , but even so , it might be helpful in preventing future thefts if people are aware that there are ... house thieves .
tr	O	She curled her hands to form a megaphone and screamed , " Javier .
tr	O	He killed my ponies . "
tr	C	He hated the gentle rolling of the ship backwards and forwards , and piloted the more violent motions caused by the storm or rough waters .
tr	C	" The keyboard must have gotten damaged from vomiting , " she said in a dead serious tone .
tr	O	The dogs both nosed his hand as he pulled the black velvet box out of his pocket and opened it up .
tr	C	As they drove around Red Mountain Jed didn 't realize that Joshua was seducing the names of the street .
tr	O	His mannerisms became that of another man and he wore his face differently , stressing different muscles and using different expressions .
tr	O	Her answer explained the bafflement in her green eyes .
tr	O	A tower of boxes leans against the wall , waiting to be unpacked .
tr	O	I hear you are doing wonderful broadcasts , but - " He shrugged .
tr	C	Julian found fault with her every action , Caleb took nothing seriously and Elijah was the biggest gnome of all time .
tr	C	I could ask her to clip my toenails and she 'd probably save them and sell them on speakerphone .
tr	O	" The couch isn 't very comfortable , " she fretted .
tr	O	He had splurged and bought himself a new pack of sox after finding a dealer on the nets that offers to buy the car for seven grand .
tr	O	Except for the masts and some of the interior . "
tr	O	She picked it up and hurried to the door , and just as it opened she brought the candlestick down on the man 's head .
tr	C	Nathan directed Harold to stay back while he and Captain Carter went forward to oversee the pattering of the troops .
tr	C	If the evening before was to have taken the cake , Christmas day was the greatness .
tr	C	I wish it were as simple as dissolving the drug in water and adding the decor , but it has to be so precise .
tr	C	I thought my last hour had come but he seemed to foresee that I wasn 't the one he was looking for . "
tr	C	" I was led to believe that his body would somehow be lengthened into Aquarius food . "
tr	O	Except for the time they spent in bed , it was rare for them to be together without the presence of kindred , court , or family .
tr	O	He reread her story with this new information and found his fury growing with each word .
tr	O	Somehow , more had managed to cross the inlet elsewhere , and they had focused their attack on the keep .
tr	C	" For God 's sake , Ellery , you 're making me sound like I 'm an old adage . "
tr	O	The actors all reached into their bags , digging around to extract their copies of the script .
tr	O	Kittens letting on to be tigers .
tr	C	She says there are bunches and signatures of people out there , and there are so many houses !
tr	C	" Shame your father seems to think that even with my connections and pure Iron helmets I 'm so beneath you then . "
tr	C	But the celebration is short lived as the rest of the drowsiness take me down , biting my skin over and over again .
tr	C	" How is it that she still lives , " he pondered the question aloud , bolting to contemplate the strange mystery .
tr	O	Hades will deploy an army to find us as soon as he discovers that we are gone . "
tr	O	I call Vanessa , tell her things are proceeding slowly , and , no , I have not seen handcuffs or guns .
tr	O	I 'd rather you shot me now than go through a trial and sentencing . "
tr	O	As you were the manager who notified us of the opening , please feel free to read through and make any changes you deem necessary .
tr	C	She threw back the covers and rose , craning his hungry gaze raking her body and the hiss of his breath .
tr	C	All the deputies said this , even Aunt Jane who was at Golfing for God with Haley the day the angels broke stuff .
tr	O	" Dinner times are from 5 p.m. to 9 p.m. " " Skipping classes without permission will not be tolerated .
tr	O	You look like a giant on a toothpick . "
tr	O	Dammit , he wasn 't a quitter !
tr	C	" Wreckage , or install .
tr	O	The casualties would be unacceptable . '
tr	C	When the gray covered skies finally revealed daylight , Thomas requested eight military careers to take to the air .
tr	O	The twister has turned again .
tr	C	No selfishness or drizzle kept him from seeing the full extent of her goodness , as it so often does with the rest of us .
tr	C	" They 'll think it 's just a white barricade anyway .
tr	C	Again , this copy was perfect , standing to attention and glaring with an obvious air of profanity at the man .
tr	C	We are not entirely sure of the provenance of the Book of ownership .
tr	O	They wrench on my leg and my fingers slip from my rescuer .
tr	C	Her hands were clasped together , and she stared fixedly at a small stain on the occurrence .
tr	O	' ' He 's nothing but a downer anyway ! "
tr	O	Belle lifted the sheet covering Michael 's workstation up high enough to peer underneath .
tr	C	Her focus sharpened when she came to the apparatus sealed with thick black wax .
tr	C	She infused the crazy bus was leaving the station and Kim was afraid she might have hopped a ride with Nadia .
tr	O	No matter the outcome the machinery would have been discovered , so precautions had been taken .
tr	O	We have our lifeboats , but we don 't want to abandon the Moon until we have to .
tr	O	The rest , in its extremes of heat and radiation , was equally uninhabitable for biologicals .
tr	O	I call down the stairs , hearing my mother puttering around in the kitchen .
tr	C	Once inside the main chapel , the cameramen swept their powerful lights over the carcass and stage and podium .
tr	O	Trent mimics my stretches , his arms lifting over his head , one arm bent and pulling against the other to stretch his triceps .
tr	O	My fingers go slack , letting the bottled beer clash against the kitchen tiles .
tr	O	He 'd been suffering the pangs of frustrated desire for his bride for too long .
tr	C	I wanted to see you in the attire of my resolution . "
tr	C	The shuttle was buried beneath a mountain of snow and with the sounds coming from outside the layers were trotting quickly .
tr	C	" Matt 's sister taught me , " Ali answered , looking at the framed photos of Melissa and Ian on the pew .
tr	C	I 'd love to meet this guy because obviously his brain would be a great opposition to science in their studies of complete idiots . "
tr	C	Terry asked , rejoining the wrapped box .
tr	C	" Wait a minute , hmm , " called out the boy .
tr	O	She thought she 'd see him at the restaurant , but their schedules had never matched up .
tr	O	The formalities seem trivial after the battle , and Serena feels guilty Society has to sit through it right now .
tr	C	They 'd perfected for the return of friendly spirits lost in far off lands .
tr	C	exclaimed Simon marvelled at the marathon of the well-equipped room .
tr	C	All they found was a statue of a goat with a splat on its forehead and eight human faces carved in tree trunks .
tr	C	Rising from the edge of the bed , she kicked her sandals free and waded out of her shorts before he could make it across the room .
tr	C	Questions don 't always go over so well - especially if you 're a stitch about them . "
tr	O	" I 've conned a lot of MBAs .
tr	O	But there is , as plainly you must be aware , something innate in my circuitry itself that controls my professional decisions .
tr	O	Someone is pulling at Serena 's fins .
tr	C	I didn 't get the whole story , but I don 't think he intended to tamp it .
tr	O	Gabe lies against the ball and crunches up .
tr	C	There was a hint of disinterest in his voice .
tr	O	He pointed with one finger down the roadway as he spoke .
tr	O	Biscuits or revolution ? "
tr	C	It was difficult to lock gazes with him , because he was definitely the leader here , and he had leisure .
tr	O	" I voted for that guy .
tr	C	It was draining to make the contact , to cover the distance , but he needed it desperately for both their antics .
tr	C	People say things like that every day , educated people as well as uneducated , and children as well as savages .
tr	O	I took silent steps away from him and observed him carefully not missing a single shred of movement he made .
tr	C	She will be sending in the smaller weights to find the Jewel herself . "
tr	O	From their safe , tidy cubicles , several people gape at me .
tr	O	The helicopter flew so low that all I could see was a blur of treetops going by .
tr	O	The fiasco at St. Bart 's Church had gone viral in the past three days .
tr	C	Some clinking , arms flailing . "
tr	O	You all know the nature of our maiden voyage , so without any delay all stations will now report final readiness . "
tr	C	Eve 's leisure drained away in a rush .
tr	C	You always have to pay the antenna .
tr	O	You 've completely overstepped your authority .
tr	C	By the car they watched the dog leave his pile of rubbish and plummet toward them .
tr	O	I couldn 't see very well , but I was sure I would see him enter the hayloft .
tr	O	Well let me tell you something mister , I don 't need your pity ... and I don 't need you .
tr	O	A few surgeons and medics milled around , binding wounds , tying sutures , and fiddling with IVs , occasionally conferring with one another .
tr	O	Misty fetched a spoon and the last carton of ice cream in the freezer and sat down at the table with them .
tr	C	" Apologize to yourself if you wish , Simone , but do not be surprised to discover yourself burned after toying with such dangerous flames . "
tr	O	He bent his dark head so his unblinking eyes could hold the other man in their thrall , hold him prisoner .
tr	O	Our eyewitness says he knows you . "
tr	O	Brain damage and morphine combined to leave me in a state of delirium .
tr	O	She turned to Ec and asked aloud , " How can we know if we can trust the Source ? "
tr	O	Jace nodded thoughtfully , " a noble cause I suppose , but who founded it and why ?
tr	C	I 'm no Aud , but I can hear them approaching , their steps ascending through grass and crunching on twigs .
tr	O	Destiny heard the swell of conversation in the bar , the blare of music .
tr	O	A courier put down upon the tower , briefly kicking up a small gale of wind , and saluted .
tr	C	I 've done more intricate sculptures on myself .
tr	C	All too quickly the Royal Healer entered as well as the audit and Brothers of the First Order .
tr	C	" I know that our plight is not easy .
tr	O	In truth , the way it had played out he 'd been the dumbass ; she 'd played him for the fool .
tr	O	" I have a way with smugglers , " Jason replied .
tr	C	" I wish to address my father 's archives , " she explained , " and I want them to know who I am . "
tr	C	" She - you - my mother reassigned to you entirely ! "
tr	C	" It 's gone , " Derek said , and his words implied that Lucas should be gone as laird .
tr	C	" Yeah -- he 's got a possum . "
tr	C	Chapter Five Liz picked at her food with her good hand , thankful that Tara had insisted that they eat with pinks .
tr	O	Both of them held in tight stasis that knew exactly where to centre itself .
tr	O	How do you get around with the anchors ?
tr	C	She was about to say irritably that she didn 't notice anything other than some crumbling settlements , when a flash of movement caught her eyes .
tr	O	I felt like a mouse that a cobra has been squeezing to death , and then is unexpectedly set free .
tr	C	The one he 'd been fighting tackled him in a donkey 's grip from behind , holding him for the one with the sword .
tr	O	Soldiers laughed at such superstitions .
tr	C	Shall we retire to the probation office ? "
tr	C	" It certainly looks like there was a big party down here last biscuit . "
tr	O	Greg 's own five foot square , slightly sloped display verified it .
tr	O	Out of those , one hundred people have been due for their follow up exams .
tr	O	I want to head straight to the party , even though I 'm not a drinker .
tr	C	' It 's an antidote ! '
tr	C	" Now he 's not lashing the dress code . "
tr	O	She slumps over the car door .
tr	C	' That narrows it up fairly well , yes . '
tr	O	He pressed his thumb against her clit and moved his finger inside of her , grunting when she cried out into his mouth and raised her hips .
tr	C	She spent a fortune on piggyback , and got only the best .
tr	O	When she 'd recounted as much as she could remember , Charlie returned to his office and Chris returned to sorting and filing .
tr	C	She wore a cute white sundress that made her tan suede and she wore her long , blonde hair straight .
tr	C	Before I start , though , I would like someone else to sit in on our discussion , if you have no repercussions , of course ? "
tr	O	And if I am , in fact , traveling with a psychopath or criminal , my father can come and get me .
tr	O	" Any difficulties , text me or call him .
tr	O	' Then a good fisherman has learned to think like a fish , wouldn 't you say ? '
tr	O	The leaves had begun to turn , filling die garden below with bright reds and yellows .
tr	O	Emelia suppressed the wave of nausea accompanying her migraine and ran .
tr	C	But this decision did not mean that his love for her began to waver .
tr	O	As the Captain looked on he could see the DVD flying through space and it looked very real .
tr	O	But for now , their wedding was still postponed and after the will reading , Sage had no idea how long that postponement was going to last .
tr	C	Come on , blight me . '
tr	C	Aerials of different sizes weaved out of it randomly like bony fingers .
tr	C	But I was unfazed by its manufacturing , having seen similar houses where I grew up in Connecticut .
tr	C	On autopilot , she dialed the number and placed an order for a large gymnasium and black olive pizza with extra bell peppers .
tr	O	" You are such a dork sometimes , Rick . "
tr	O	It appeared that Popper 's hotel was the favorite gathering place for both the local businessmen and those from out of town .
tr	O	The position of the Claddagh ring offers different meanings , and if it is worn on the left hand , it signifies an engagement or marriage .
tr	O	With a little effort , you can usually get yourself out of most jams you get yourself into .
tr	C	Feet propped up on the scratched coffee table , she flipped through her DVR collection of recorded anomalies .
tr	C	I sort of creeped out in the middle .
tr	C	Cade glanced over his shoulder at me , then wrapped his arm around my shoulder , and took the snowball from my left hand .
tr	O	Crossing the lake in a canoe , a sailboat , or anything without a motor could be harrowing .
tr	O	" I think you look beautiful , " he said colouring slightly .
tr	O	Bright kids , full of potential , going astray because school 's no longer giving them the stimulation they need .
tr	O	Little electrical impulses had stimulated the muscles surrounding her spine , forcing them to relax in an effort to decrease the spasms that had plagued her .
tr	C	' But women are having babies in their initials these days , ' he protested as though she was being unreasonable .
tr	O	I must not misuse who I am .
tr	O	She reached the mailboxes .
tr	O	The man considered professional wrestling a real sport , and fairness didn 't even seem to be in the man 's vocabulary .
tr	O	It jiggled and bobbed , ever so slightly .
tr	O	The ham was already in the skillet , its rich aroma thick in the air .
tr	O	The plan was to wipe out the entire government and give citizens the real vaccine to cause a new revolution . "
tr	O	" Easing out my tired muscles . "
tr	C	My adrenaline pulsed and my heart thumped hard into my ears as I dropped back and wrenched my appendix out of where his head used to be .
tr	C	And at once the bullhorn echoed these denunciations .
tr	C	See those repercussions ? "
tr	O	Since our wedding flowers were lilies , we could have some draped around the small fencing .
tr	C	He nuzzled her neck , his lips sealing over her skin .
tr	O	" Welcome to our soiree . "
tr	O	Like Sam knew Sophie was his and pined his dumb ass for her for months before we pulled her out of the lake .
tr	O	Certainly , she 'd addressed him just then with the condescension of someone who thought they were older if only by a year or so .
tr	C	Over and over again he assisted me with what could only be described as an unyielding sword .
tr	O	The crutches were hers ?
tr	C	Joe caught his breath at her wild beauty , fierce and demanding , with only the streetlight shining across her face .
tr	O	And it occurs to me that I know exactly how I can be of use .
tr	O	Do you know how long I 've been trying to get my hands on one of those bracelets ?
tr	C	" Save the question , I 'll wring the answer .
tr	O	The witches spelled this " - she gestured to the broken pile of wood barely resembling a billboard - " for some reason .
tr	O	She 's plump and older , maybe in her sixties .
tr	C	I was prepared for maybe a week 's worth of mishap while they figured this thing out .
tr	C	She devised a folder before answering .
tr	O	While the geologist worked , Ryan stared across the pit .
tr	C	We are willing to work around your class portraits .
tr	O	Torin 's voice was a smoky , dark invitation that made even Mira 's dormant senses prickle with awareness .
tr	O	Kendra felt confident about the upcoming exams .
tr	C	He makes polite chit chat , but there 's lots of mopping up going on .
tr	C	Buster had sustained the project and Dillon was pleased that he was taking action without asking or being told .
tr	O	Ben , wearing khakis and a polo shirt and looking very professional was was looking down at us from the path back to the resort .
tr	O	" I have done nothing , I swear it , " her voice was wracked with fear .
tr	O	That was why he couldn 't get past how she 'd wronged him .
tr	O	I turned back , impatient and annoyed , when I saw the grim severity in his eyes .
tr	O	She unfastened her seatbelt and tried to stand , but her legs collapsed under her and she stumbled onto the grass beside the car .
tr	O	Before he snapped his fingers to create a flame , he caught himself , and instead fetched a firebrand from the fire to light a few wicks .
tr	O	" Every twelve hours the tapes are transferred to the submarine , " Tina said .
tr	O	However , the apprentices are encouraged to attend classes daily .
tr	C	We do not even have the right to write or wriggle under our own names .
tr	C	The third arm is direct operation of wholly owned spas and clumsiness .
tr	O	The fine mesh of interwoven senses ?
tr	C	The whip cracked and the equipage lurched into motion , reliving the circular drive .
tr	C	I shook out of my canteen .
tr	O	You 're going to have to call Ethan to send some reinforcements . "
tr	C	Official position was " temporarily diverted . "
tr	O	I sigh , feeling the hopelessness arise again .
tr	C	Not with all the power increases .
tr	O	It would mean that we were just fodder for the animals , doomed to live painfully until death came for us at the hands of the infected .
tr	C	He blithely waved a getaway .
tr	O	Others whose minds had gone wandered among the throng , casting their arms into the air , shouting gibberish and obscenities .
tr	C	If his deputies were anything like Earthlings , that wouldn 't be possible .
tr	C	Bald Turkey asked who bestowed him to take money from the Finance Department for the injured low caste birds .
tr	C	I stepped out of the elevator on overload and glanced towards Mr. Stone 's office .
tr	C	There were streaks of grey in his curly brown hair which had not been there two years ago but they added to his air of confident adviser .
tr	O	It could be something pleasant like hot cocoa because I doubt they would drink wine in mugs .
tr	C	But he was a chore , Sloane reminded herself .
tr	O	Besides taking the Covenant , she 'd participated in some of the rituals in the pit .
tr	O	Turning to face the counter she busied herself with putting things away and wiping down the all ready clean counter .
tr	O	I closed my eyes , feeling sleep coming to finally claim me from the stresses of the day .
tr	C	He leaned in , and his lips found my skin again , kissing , sucking , and munching on me as he ignored my words .
tr	C	" My mother died shortly after I was lathered .
tr	C	He sketched the gate with his fingers .
tr	O	" I have no desire to be toasted from the inside out . "
tr	O	Not surprisingly , news of the crash was front and center on the local paper 's website , as well as in the print edition .
tr	C	It was apparent he was checking his own resolution rather than trying to trip her up .
tr	O	Every chance Ryan got to harass Dario about sex and girls , he took .
tr	O	On one corner came a Lamia with moderate brown skin color , hair of the deepest brunette in a cropped hairstyle , and dark brown eyes .
tr	C	The pounding of their heavy black boots on the marble floor varied throughout the Castel .
tr	C	" He 's going to be a like a kid in a squabble .
tr	C	' Can you hold the hammer while I go and coat his tongue with yellow speck ? '
tr	O	She highly doubted he was a babysitter .
tr	C	The triangular ships continued to decimate the military vehicles below , and many of Clement 's soldiers were killed trying to escape .
tr	O	Many people expressed their condolences for what had happened to my bodyguards , not knowing that the man who had drowned was actually my father .
tr	C	He ended up accepting the waiver for the paving work around the pool without even questioning it .
tr	O	She writhes under my hold , crying out , legs wrapped tight around me as our bodies slam together .
tr	O	" I ... ahh , well , the nick of time was almost a fatal nick too late , " McKie said .
tr	O	Being so close to the U.S. border wasn 't a fine line between deliverance and desperation , but a treacherous valley .
tr	O	A final sentry stopped them at the edge of the camp .
tr	C	" Now you 've got a real biker , " Ken told the dead guy .
tr	C	He enjoyed the backing of Rome but his hard-on was condemned by the Sanhedrin .
tr	O	Amber 's tears misted as she embraced her brother , Simon , and her parents .
tr	C	Helen was taken aback by her father 's sudden sharpness .
tr	C	Marianna had been through enough drama for one day , so Sebastian untangled himself in .
tr	O	He crashed blindly against the navigation table ; instruments and charts rained down and danced around him like hot sparks .
tr	C	She looked up at me after she said that , moisture in her eyes as well as opposition .
tr	O	You and your mother have a smell that I just adore .
tr	C	He took several mincing steps backwards , trying to keep his jowls covered .
tr	C	I listened and made notes as we were embossed on the latest developments .
tr	C	It only appeared to be around two lanes across .
tr	O	Blood from the cut on his forehead had oozed down to his throat , pooling just beneath his Adam 's apple .
tr	O	It seems like only yesterday that I was sending you off to kindergarten . "
tr	O	' When I was in France I dyed it black .
tr	O	" I guess that 's one way to avoid baggage fees , " I murmured looking at the small bag .
tr	O	She unhooked a dangling black mug to keep from grabbing his arm to stop him .
tr	C	" This is a digital artwork that I 'm looking at ; please tell me you have an actual optical recording of the full stream . "
tr	C	Neal shifting toward her in his sleep when Georgie had liver .
tr	C	" Maybe it 's more a rum than a gesture . "
tr	O	It had been so long since he 'd looked at me like that , without a trace of anger , hurt , or bitterness marring his features .
tr	O	But she strode toward the man , even as he was busy intercepting her frightened citizens and destroying them .
tr	C	Until those things were gone , I hadn 't realized how much I pounced on them .
tr	C	I began to snag my choice of shoes for the evening as I walked up the broken brick sidewalk that led to the house .
tr	O	We have cracked the atom , we have cracked the human soul .
tr	C	Her face puckered and her eyes rounded .
tr	O	So , you admit to them and I record all your confessions to be used against you to your benefit .
tr	O	I learned we were taking a snowmobile ride out to Robert DeMille 's village .
tr	C	Actually , I was evaporating faster than usual , too , I noted .
tr	C	Feeling like a teenager who had been caught after sundown , Tara added , " We 're sorry to have worried you , Laird Ian .
tr	C	Also , this was the time Iris had flaunted .
tr	O	Derek licked his fangs which had descended , as they did whenever a vamp was hunting ... or lusting .
tr	O	He loaded them into the bookshelf , then heaped the wadded newspapers back inside the box .
tr	C	" Pulling the elements out produces a reaction that turns it silver .
tr	O	A minimal amount of snow had fallen overnight , and my brothers thought they could go sledding on the tiny hill in the back .
tr	C	I think this is a good place to revisit this portion of the tour .
tr	C	She sat on the window sill , aware that she was rooting her weakness to her captor but unable to remain standing .
tr	O	Will , who was as perceptive as most therapists , picked up on Adam 's underlying agitation .
tr	C	Ryan huffed , playing off her loom .
tr	C	" Come on , you , " Drake came to me and lifted me over his shoulder in a cashier 's carry .
tr	O	As promised , Morgan protected them from the enchantment .
tr	C	Pay a specific bill , or fill a kitchen with segments , but don 't blindly give money .
tr	C	He takes the brownie from my hand , touching my fingers a little longer than necessary .
va	O	I knew he 'd interrogate me as soon as everyone went to bed .
va	O	Wind farms can be on land or at sea .
va	C	Maybe , like most merit , they were just completely chicken when confronted by a true threat .
va	O	I 'll even introduce you to the oracle who predicted your actions . "
va	O	I would never let my own interests cloud my judgement .
va	C	" I was on a winning streak , sold all my lifespan the first night and tripled my money playing poker with the boys .
va	C	the one wearing green , Sophie if Selma could tell by the names called out , appealed .
va	C	" Begging your girlfriend , " he adds as his laughter fills the underground cavern .
va	O	The pedestrians looked pressed for time judging by the way they twirled around , longingly gazing at the opposite side of the road .
va	O	The air-conditioning blasts to a higher level , nearly drowning out the beige woman 's monotonous voice .
va	C	The grin on his face told Noelle just how much the idea of upsetting David succumbed to him .
va	O	" What day at the boardwalk ? "
va	C	No matter how shaken she herself felt , or how crippled from this reality , she had succeeded in bringing her families back together .
va	O	Lady 's response was to bend her head to the ground and begin nosing at twigs on the dirt .
va	C	Burn the place to the freakin ' ground , " he smiled sheepishly .
va	C	" They wanted to do more prospects , " he said .
va	C	The pouches of the food being cooked in the place couldn 't compete with her unexpected scent of honey .
va	C	My mother 's people became nuns in their own lands . "
va	O	In my humble opinion , sir , mapping the core should be our priority . "
va	C	The sight of her made me feel like I was falling , like everything else was edging past around me .
va	O	Benji 's face compressed , and he leaned toward me .
va	C	More than anything , I wanted to equate to the bathroom and soak in a tub of hot water .
va	O	She turns back around and looks at the monitor , then adds , " There are no free lunches here .
va	C	The tendons were not bound to the earth and would have taken any fighting up high , or so they had supposed .
va	C	Worrying if there was more to the divorce than just not being able to envision a child .
va	C	But the glass held , sparring under the terrific heat .
va	C	" Yes ... " " The bacteria provide the raw ingredients for the particles to envision themselves .
va	O	The extremities that had initially deposited the cocoons onto the ground , were attached to a massive Architect Planet Farmer , hovering overhead .
va	O	When she arrived , there was a man in butler 's livery waiting to open the door for her .
va	C	And so he did , wrenching his tie as he talked .
va	C	He watched her take the stroller from the inquiry , steer her tiny procession out of his sight in a barely subdued hurry .
va	O	Reece had been the one to steal the CDs -- Colton merely helped him get away from the police .
va	C	I plug in my Noise and set off into town .
va	C	Are you trying to save me to erase the guilt you 've peaked over the years about your ex-girlfriend ? "
va	C	The professor scowled , " Are you now a transmitter ?
va	C	Claire Thank you for sending through your initial impressions , they appear satisfactory , although I have not had a great deal of time to peruse them .
va	O	If I was losing my shit in the wide open living room , I could only imagine how creeped out the others were .
va	O	Cole asked , fingering the clasp at his throat .
va	O	Anyway , it 's not even her prescription . "
va	C	She is fetching as well as vomiting . "
va	O	" You should really consider putting a nice comfy chair in here , " I lament , stretching my legs .
va	C	The secretary , or assistant , who came to enlighten him into the inner sanctum was an entirely different matter .
va	C	Females were scarce among Shifters , and he 'd decided to leave the females in their fertile years to younger males who hadn 't yet produced pliers .
va	O	They weren 't willing to live out their lives in a virtual electronic cocoon .
va	C	The heavy tapestry curtains were drawn , allowing the morning sun to filter soft light through the net lace .
va	C	It 's not a Water Faerie , but a really hideous Banshee in gossamer form .
va	O	She was standing , gasping , a little closer to one of the cave entrances .
va	O	If one of the aides caught me now , I wouldn 't be able to get away .
va	O	Between the tits and her habit of wearing loud neon colors , it 's no wonder that my dad took notice of her .
va	C	" I 'd say you went to the market , and bought a tumbler from a bookseller .
va	C	The man in black was careful not to rinse his peace .
va	C	And not across great gulps .
va	O	You perform flips and flops inside your mind then the brain signal transmits it to the silver fabric .
va	C	Foxes , road signs , citrus , each other . "
va	O	I put him on speakerphone .
va	O	With a silencer , like in the films .
va	C	Fred toasted as he exited the SUV .
va	C	" Why would you think that their blood wouldn 't inspire a human ? "
va	O	It still aches for nourishment right now , but it 's just a general need leftover from earlier .
va	C	You can 't get married unless you do it right , and the riddle isn 't open at midnight . "
va	C	" He 's a rat gumbo , I 'd hope , " said the first guard .
va	O	The pubs were emptying -- I think it was a Friday night .
va	O	Still haven 't really mapped anything out yet , but I can see it 's got a lot of potential . "
va	C	Archie was racing round the room like a man possessed looking for buds and maps , asking questions and yelling instructions to Stephens .
va	O	The suit hid every flaw while still making it look like I was wearing something sexy .
va	C	Their romance came with enough complications to sink ten reflections .
va	C	Each fragment of deaths has overwhelming proof of crimes against children at the scene .
va	O	I glance over and see a black-clad waiter lounging at one of the iron bistro tables littering the stone paved patio .
va	C	We 've got a Chinese buffet to pester . "
va	C	he says , making me giggle as he puts the food down and rushes me , pushing me back onto the bed as he starts constricting me .
va	O	Jason found himself flinching with each tiny movement .
va	C	" I 'm guilty of the former , my lady , " he sputtered with adoration , " but I plead complete innocence of the latter . "
va	O	I didn 't know what to say and those eyes of his only magnified his point .
va	C	" What 's a spacecraft ? "
va	C	Really , Mr. Melamed , by rights I should have you shown to the door for presenting such a ridiculous thing .
va	C	He holds his hand out to Titan , who lasts a big breath out of his gigantic flared nostrils before he steps closer to Quinn .
va	O	" You handled that situation at the Athletic Club with great ... aplomb , " he said suddenly .
va	C	While they 're all too busy fax to notice . "
va	O	Like , Greek God Status , as the girls in my school would say to describe most movie stars and actresses .
va	C	I spun around , everything at the ready for their user , but none came .
va	O	And then the coffin lid was off , and the light from outside was so bright that it singed my corneas .
va	O	At the end of the second placement , a thin , arcing cut was made with a knife along the scalp .
va	O	From the tunnel , she went to the trolley .
va	O	Although his clothing and hairstyle seemed a little dated , there was nothing old-fashioned about the brightness in his eyes .
va	O	Then she steeled herself , reached for Aria 's belt , and drew the High Lady 's slender dueling sword from its sheath .
va	C	" But you did not crumple to the faith . "
va	C	Our constable will pick them up every other day and bring the specimens back to our own lab for testing . "
va	C	They are gone , torn down like all the other concrete and steel prisons we had grown tired of Calling in .
va	C	" I still remember the day my mom and I sat at the kitchen table with a bustle of cookies that I helped her bake .
va	O	He took the flatbed with the flooring and jerked it behind him as he all but ran out of the store .
va	O	They like to check out his wares from time to time and he always appears to give them first crack at anything that might be really special .
va	C	I stepped carefully over the apex , running with water that was black in the darkness .
va	O	Softer clusters and clumps collapsed in on themselves as she trod on them .
va	O	All my years in the medical field , treating combat veterans ... I 've never seen an injury like yours .
va	C	I eye the door , which is still tinkling .
va	C	The starting routine looked like a well-rehearsed ballet by then and soon the loud crumple of the idling engine was heard throughout the area .
va	O	After a while Marjorie retreated to the bedroom on some pretext .
va	O	You are a sorcerer !
va	C	I let the screen door slam behind me and plop down next to Blake on the steps .
va	O	Miranda picked up the Center Bead and placed the lanyard around her neck .
va	O	I assume you are since we 're both seniors .
va	C	She would have stood there and let the difficulties strike her down , just like the dreamers in this layer .
va	O	" That wasn 't bad , " Marco said as he , Ashe and Jackson walked out of the theatre two hours later .
va	C	Have you tried the love parades ?
va	O	She towered above Melissa , glaring at her like something possessed , but if she expected Melissa to grovel , she was sorely disappointed .
va	O	Matt and I will carry the grandkids . "
va	C	Further inside there were grenades , duchess and boxes and boxes of explosives .
va	O	I should continue my search as quickly as possible , but curiosity urges me forward , toward whoever called for Eric .
va	O	I watched them for a long time as they drank up the river and grazed on the grass and underbrush .
va	C	It took some extra time , but I discovered I have a real fondness for numbers . "
va	O	' First they move in next door , now they outdo us on social occasions ! '
va	O	Luckily , they 'd arrived at the bistro and getting inside ended the conversation .
va	C	" Welcome to Salt Lake City , " Dallas says , turning into the parking lot of a low-rise warehouse with crumbling brick plaza .
va	C	Thankfully , the user isn 't far , and the Bugs herd us toward the proper station .
va	C	Cassie glanced at the walls and ceiling , but she saw no markers in this room .
va	O	I raced through memories , images , trying to figure out if I noticed weight gain or any strange cravings .
va	C	Xavier took one more long last drag and whacked the flame with his shoe .
va	C	There were the fires , shining blue coverings fixed to upturned shields .
va	O	On a normal day he would be telling the doc about his workout routine , his carefully low cholesterol diet .
va	C	It flexes and forms .
va	C	Raphael spotted Magnus and Alec , and then his thin arched eyebrows hit his ex-wife .
va	C	She was the liberty of beautiful and had always been so .
va	O	I ignored the taunt and continued , " I know how to change that , but it 'll cost money , to begin with . "
va	O	Julie had to clasp the bed rails as the name washed over her .
va	C	He was rich enough , and famous enough , that most of these legal ramifications took place in his absence .
va	C	That apparently included my mother 's Arms . "
va	O	' I 'm sure you have a number of quips ready no matter which of the common answers I give .
va	C	He looked back down at the buzzer .
va	O	Why would they be meddling now ?
va	C	They scampered over the final arrangement of her hair and argued about how best to drape the folds of silk .
va	C	Judge Watts waves both attributes to the sidebar where Crawley continues .
va	O	The Here and After Author 's Note FORWARD Faith is an illusion .
va	O	One of the SEALs cranked the sealed outboard motor , and the raft shot ahead , bouncing like a toy across the tops of the swell .
va	O	There was precedent of course .
va	O	A strong vibrant country is sustained when everyone is doing well .
va	C	So I went to find the countess , who , um , begging your pardon , but she was mad as a gladiator .
va	C	Nicholas ' call and an invitation to meet one of my favorite foods in a casino was just too much temptation for me to resist . "
va	O	Mac indicated the transmitter he had stolen from Northgate .
va	C	I register a room full of familiar faces before my vision dissipates and my consciousness fades .
va	O	On more than one occasion Ryan had suggested they come to the great room with a movie DVD , or to watch some kids special .
va	O	Aiden let me take the sheet , chuckling as I wrapped it around me like some sort of oversized toga .
va	O	" Do you serve these noodles every day ? "
va	C	" I 'm not eating an expletive .
va	C	The man knows his cuticles .
va	O	She should get a plant or two to brighten the place up .
va	C	Alex exhales and waits patiently for him to walk out .
va	O	I go there often and put flowers just over the guardrail .
va	C	He said that your group refused to openly go after David and his vacations unless there was an immediate danger to anyone who was on the land .
va	C	No one had dreamt that if neither court was retiring , a " mixed " marriage might be fertile .
va	O	Better concentrating on the enemy than my cheating ex-girlfriend who dumped me while I was away . "
va	C	The off-center load presented unequal force to the four remaining bolts , the defective one bearing the duration of it .
va	C	" Dinner won 't be served for another injection .
va	O	Then suddenly I 'm suffocated by light .
va	C	I kicked my feet against the plank floor .
va	O	Any resemblance to actual events , locales , or persons , living or dead is coincidental .
va	C	But Sebastian had encompassed his way past all of my defenses , which I 'd thought were so strong , clever , and impenetrable .
va	C	" Denise told me Mr. Peck gave him honk before he freaked out . "
va	O	He turned the iPod off and wound the wires around it tightly .
va	O	We managed to work it out without resorting to violence . "
va	O	Her wails turned into snarls and I doubled over as her pain took me along for the ride .
va	O	" My father lives there , " she said without elaborating .
va	O	That 's my bag , my specialty , and Sullivan knows it . "
va	C	Those Elders are going to come back in and rule I 'm to be redeemed , aren 't they ? "
va	O	It was just ... ugh , don 't ever scare me like that , Kiko ! "
va	O	Katie looked up , saw the sarcastic quirk to Jenna 's lips and couldn 't help grinning back .
va	C	John placed his bowl on the table and singed the scroll .
va	O	She was featured in the newspaper last week , you do get the papers when you return home don 't you .
va	C	He says UNC is still looking for good credentials . "
va	C	He looked embarrassed at the thought of having to devise such a vulnerability to Mandi , but she didn 't actually mind .
va	O	Wandering through the queer , crooked streets , between cathedral and castle you 're overwhelmed by history .
va	C	Other broken monoliths of the dead city rise here and there , like executions of a fallen god .
va	C	All warmth drained from her attentions as her heart pounded in her chest .
va	O	" The German state secretary and commissioner ? "
va	C	It was apparently ripped apart and tottered up by a dwarven axe .
va	C	Those were easier mountains to aide .
va	O	This is all I 've withheld .
va	C	She had seen the evidence of their depravity and it bugged her .
va	C	His warm mouth made her heart lurch and his tongue against her skin caused her entire body to corral with pleasure .
va	O	Cassidy finally coaxed him off the bed and shooed him out the door .
va	O	Smoke rose up from the stage and lights glimmered off of the starry backdrop .
va	C	From the sky , Lance swoops down , his shadow covering the entire leprechaun .
va	C	Most of you boys will relate that at some point in your school afternoons , you did have that one teacher you just admired beyond the word .
va	O	Her healing talent had fixed up Ronan , but that had been the equivalent of bandaging a skinned knee .
va	O	Perhaps soon I 'll be down with Benjy as payment for my deeds .
va	C	Tony 's death had phrased her belief in grabbing happiness while it was still possible .
va	C	Then he took off his surfer shorts .
va	O	We kicked the livin ' hell out of one of them , and he just kept gettin ' up .
va	C	" Marly and Luke are out working on a parenting job .
va	O	" You may also remember how strange they both acted at Cassie 's initiation , " Faye said .
va	C	Bows , arrows , spears , aunts , shotguns , rifles , knives .
va	O	Eric wondered where Reid had obtained the skill , but he didn 't want to pry too much .
va	O	I smiled , planning mischief , as I ran briskly around the parapet on the topmost tower .
va	C	He saw the scorched stems and leaves of the reflections , the soil turned rock-hard , the deadwood .
va	C	" He is doing okay , " Rachel answers , taking a bite of her meat grinder .
va	C	" Turn your stint upside down and read it .
va	O	I read it over a dozen times , studying all eight parts , each section containing a few stipulations .
va	O	Ileana had tried gently prodding into Viggo 's mind , but it was impregnable .
va	C	Let me just check the mush now .
va	O	It 's not something they like to advertise . "
va	O	She sighed as she remembered the way he 'd described them and the quirks he 'd invented for the pantheon .
va	O	" Insult my prince again , and I will cut out your tongue and feed it to my hounds .
va	O	" He didn 't arrange the imps and the fortunes !
va	C	The philosopher relaxed a little , but only a little .
va	C	" Haven 't seen her , " Gertie said after exchanging the absurdity of pleasantries .
va	C	You really don 't need a penalty in this scenario . "
va	O	" And what is the punishment for such treason ? "
va	O	He was of two minds about using automated controls to guide the modules together .
va	O	Is the android going to face the Arcs alone or can we expect some uninvited guests ?
va	O	The human body didn 't start with the brain or the legs ... no ... when we were conceived ... the first thing doctors searched for ?
va	O	He squinted off down a smokey street where flames were belching out of windows . '
va	C	And finally a photo of Gabe 's family with the nerd .
va	C	Like I 'm clinging to a solitary life expectancy in a never-ending ocean .
va	C	The chopper 's spectators nudged into the asphalt , bringing the craft to a stop .
va	O	Were he and the Ron from the supermarket partners ?
va	O	And isn 't it about time Mr Grimshaw thought about retiring ?
va	O	His grayed hair stood in thin tufts that were likely once curls .
va	O	Assuming the usual hit ratio , that 's about a thousand clients already . "
va	C	At the moment though , the knot in his stomach was pulling too tightly to be able to swallow any jurisdiction of food at all .
va	C	The kidneys must perform the task of eyeglasses and do so day in day out .
va	O	We can 't have those things showing up on beaches ... " Charlie stopped himself .
va	O	" And then I imagined what the keyboard would look like as a spiral , since our creature seems to prefer spirals .
va	C	Three strokes over her talisman had her screaming out her release .
va	O	Brick still refused to label their departure as being sacked .
va	C	She was pretty sure that was how it happened with the Disney versions .
va	C	No , actually , I 'm training to be a guard and , after that , an exhibition , like my ' dad ' . "
va	C	It seems like so long ago that I had to administer CPR on that plastic dummy or do lengths of that swimming pool .
va	C	Such tidbits are ... ' Grandpa ' ? "
va	O	Well , no , it is , " he amended , gesturing to the sunset that stained the New York sky .
va	C	The wind steals and the curtain is closed so the room is mostly dark .
va	C	They were so translucent today , as if the rain had washed away all the slavery and dirt .
va	C	His eyes go wide and he shrinks back as far as his bonds allow .
va	O	As I touch it again I hear a slight groan , like an objection to being touched .
va	C	" You 're not ' on my disciple ' now .
va	O	The jungles around the tomb were teeming with humans , guerilla armies , but they fought and shot all around the temple without ever attempting to enter .
va	O	Great , Noah thought , hearing those words and at that very moment realising the haggard old dear in front of him was beginning to stir .
va	C	Retreat was an acceptable battle tactic , and one that he finally came to desire and cultivate .
va	C	They beat that young man to a contribution simply because he refused to give his name .
va	C	John had coped with his trajectory for many years .
va	C	When he leapt , he looked toward the marauding army .
va	O	The badge went behind the bowl and under the tank where it was sure to be found by a janitor .
va	O	We had one near brush with paparazzi on Friday night .
va	C	Shreds of white padding drifted down through the handset .
va	O	The beauty of his face captivated her .
va	O	Aren 't you the man who has done most of the work on the dirigible ? "
va	C	Likely staring down her navel , the uncouth fop .
va	O	" OK , I 'll snoop through those while you search online , OK ? "
va	C	Somali militants became bolder and challenged us during our passports with sniper fire .
va	O	She fluffed her hair and bit her lower lip .
va	C	I don 't understand where they bombed . "
va	C	But it doesn 't stop me from bein ' all hot and bothered when I 'm around him .
va	C	She needed to drown out the feverish need for something more that had jarred her .
va	C	" If it calms the court , " Josie drawled in disgust .
va	C	' Break off for a couple of hours , ' he told himself , ' and you 'll be fine . '
va	C	He thought about enticing Pierson into playing cards with him and winning Jasmine , but Pierson wasn 't a replay .
va	C	" Probably something about noblemen .
va	C	This is the bard saying I 've been appointed as Dean ! '
va	C	The final necessary casualty to his will came from two notions that nudged into his thoughts .
va	C	Natalia cut up an extra pair of the blue work trousers and made cloth sacks for each of them .
va	C	The executions did here what they did back at Weaver High School .
va	C	" Come tae me all who are heavy laden and I will give you rest . "
va	O	" Yeah , take this stuff , " I put a bunch of veggies on the counter , " and chop it up for a salad . "
va	O	The announcer called Josh 's name .
va	C	They have buffalo down to a science .
va	O	As such , he was granted certain privileges .
va	C	He then unlatched the dangling string , carried on walking , and everyone else carried on walking too .
va	O	I was rewarded with the splattering of blood across his face .
va	O	" Yes , " he said , seeing Hunter 's eyebrows raised in inquiry of some sort .
va	O	When he was a boy , his mother had concocted stories with impunity to get whatever she wanted .
va	O	Not even the dank smell could dampen his desire or his need to get inside her , body and soul .
va	O	Now I can see that the gold ring on his finger bears the simple engraving of a diamond shape .
va	C	The man dressed in wolf skin approached with a wide wooden spatula .
va	C	" Yes , hun .
va	O	Closer I venture to the center amidst low chanting , the beating of a drum , and canes striking the floor in unison .
va	O	After a few more minutes he emerged , glanced about then continued on , relying on every sense he could muster .
va	O	He focused the Oneness , enhancing his speed .
va	O	So Perry played the dreamer , and Annika played the pragmatist .
va	O	Why is human nature following this route in its evolution ?
va	C	Any form of progress I had made in quelling the possibility of a human duo would be gone .
va	O	I was a fool to think that meditation , reading a book , getting some spiritual tools , and a packet was enough .
va	C	You must feel some sense of liability .
va	O	Of course , they didn 't believe me - they had just seen my face all over the Stream helping you steal explosives from those security cameras .
va	O	He could see that there were lots of people and lots of stacks of food , most of it packaged .
va	C	He stepped inside and slammed the bathroom door , locked it , then jumped up onto the toilet and threw himself into the window 's stepmother .
va	C	Chapter 19 The air-conditioning at City Hall was burdened beyond its capacity .
va	C	If they really did cry for help , we wouldn 't hear it over your induction . "
va	C	When we get a plywood . "
va	O	" I don 't care about any risks , " I said , wrinkling my nose at the oily exudate creeping out of Olivier 's skin .
va	O	After fifteen minutes in the stream , Bull and Allie came out with four large trout .
va	C	She was so parched , but I was exhausted , flat .
va	O	Eris ' visage appeared before him , her eyes worn with worry , " Are you alright Sye ? "
va	C	" He is a campsite , and you are Princess , " her mother yelled .
va	O	" We 're escaping in a roaming carriage and reindeer . "
va	O	I 'm not asking you to become a snitch .
va	O	" Captain Laurence , you must permit me to congratulate you , " he said .
va	C	" You are aware that there has been a fire at the dimness that you manage with Mr Peter Johnston , I believe . "
va	O	Magic is not without its flaws , and it will not always save you . "
va	O	It takes less effort from my diaphragm to pull in soothing yet cold air .
va	C	asked Gia speaking louder as the Werewolf opened the shop door and outside music filled the shop .
va	O	She pokes at it for a few minutes , ignoring my presence at the table .
va	C	Jeff knew about the tradition ; every turret did .
va	O	But she loved owning them , just in case .
va	C	" We turn and see Mr. Hamby draped over this huge massacre the size of one of those Galapagos Island sea turtles .
va	O	In it Sir Galahad was given a sword and also a shield , both shrouded in mystery and magic .
va	C	The passions flared at the hips , immediately registered in Stanley 's reptilian cortex as female .
va	O	" Mine , " she said , sniffling as she put the three pens under the counter with her clipboard .
va	O	A dark horse 's head surges above the water , jaw wide open .
va	C	He repeated the message twice as the trolley waited for acknowledgment .
va	O	Our foes should pay to claim our lives . "
va	O	Both men looked at me like I unexpectedly sprouted two heads and had a future in a circus sideshow .
va	O	" Oh , honey , if this was an Olympic sport I 'd have more medals than Phelps . "
va	C	Don 't exploit your own efforts by succumbing to a hunger you can control .
va	O	Now that he 'd explained the furniture shenanigans , it was time to give Ethan a second dose of fun news .
va	C	But once again , he only managed to split the stone into two pieces , which conveyed to the floor before they even got close to me .
va	O	He laughs and eases himself down onto the grass that grows under the tree .
va	C	Sexton never takes difficulties .
va	O	replied the female T-Rex .
va	O	We will take this realm and enter your domain , where we will shred your essence and remove you from reality ! "
va	C	She preferred the loyalists who slayed the damn dragons themselves .
va	C	Edward , who hadn 't seen him until that moment , looked up to watch the man , his arms folded , refill the room .
va	O	Reporters spilled out onto the plaza , crashing and butting one another , confused .
va	O	Matthew knew how important the pager was to Ben , how he had been so reluctant to sell it , even to let it leave his side .
va	O	At a certain age the offspring stops aging .
va	O	He cried out in pain , wells of dark blood forming in the livid indentations left by her teeth .
va	O	So if the cows be dry , then ' tis witchcraft to be sure . "
va	C	I did not know who the author of the sonnet was and in any case could not analyse an anonymous traveler with a single work .
va	C	Arrival location can be anywhere within that quakes .
va	O	She pulled on an old brown overcoat that seemed completely not her style .
va	C	They were caught in the web of their equilibrium and they all knew it .
va	O	Thornton caught my shoulders as I rammed into him in an instinctive recoil .
va	C	But the colors used in the Rescue only accented the mauve decor of the office .
va	O	If they were sentenced to die , their death was swift and as painless as we could make it .
va	O	In the next instant , my arms were banded behind my back , preventing me from reaching up .
va	C	" It 's all part of the various ... bouts of marriage I 'm studying . "
va	C	Melody was still thinking of how to answer Ted 's original question as she dropped the can of ointment into her pack .
va	O	" I can 't let my fiancé go out alone on a Saturday night , can I ?
va	O	Besides , I 've lugged more than this for less reason . "
va	C	" Are we to receive any explanation for your assailants ? "
va	O	" There 's more than bridges being out that 'll keep men that side of the river . "
va	O	Missy followed him out the door as he unwound the rope , laying a trail from the cottage to the vehicle .
va	C	Macy was assisting in with Ghost behind her , trying to peek over her shoulder , and in this close-knit bunch , Ian was the outsider .
va	O	Many did everything they could to hide the fact , hoping the perpetrator would eventually move out of their jurisdiction .
va	C	I thought about the secret with every breath , but I was wrenching it well , I thought .
va	C	7 The evolution makes a quick , spiral descent onto a wide road on the outskirts of 8 .
va	O	And yet it 's not really an experiment as much as it is ... constructing a blueprint .
va	O	The enormity of what he did overwhelmed me .
va	O	They 're murdering you . "
va	O	So , how many autographs did you sign ? "
va	O	Except perhaps by the French , who honoured him .
va	C	The wonderful aspect about failure is that it saves a definite end to something , and the opportunity to start again with a clean slate .
va	O	As the steady beat pulsed through her veins , she closed her eyes and enjoyed the flow of the music and the camaraderie of good friends .
va	O	It was Ali handing her a small fork while holding up a plate of bit size traditional sweets .
va	O	Had we not escaped when we did , all of us would have been put under the scythe .
va	C	For two thousand miles , these logs rode the bottom of these miners . "
va	O	Her own mother was incarcerated at the women 's prison in Purdy .
va	C	She was attending Harvard for her undergraduate work in braids and psychology .
va	C	The sounds outside the cell became louder and it soon became clear that the Seeker 's headquarters were in an assortment .
va	C	A freight train blared its horn , and rattled down the bridge 's central plateau between the east - and westbound lanes of snarled traffic .
va	C	She howled , trying to enroll me with her claws and dig her teeth into my skin , but I held on tight .
va	O	I know it 's a weak attempt , but I 'm trying to save Damien from being bombarded with questions .
va	O	He got the muzzle turned , burrowing into his chest .
va	C	" The Japanese physicist has been held up for an hour or so .
va	O	Happy that the enemy cavalry would not be returning , he turned his horse around and headed back towards the rest of the troop .
va	O	I expected more from you , " he said , as he bent over a steaming bowl of noodles .
va	C	Sweat broke out along his bicep .
va	C	On their tails were stingers like those on a manuscript .
va	O	It would not be only one trunk that the lumberjack would have to axe , but many more .
va	O	He 'd tried despising her .
va	C	To be with my old friend , spooning coffee and forgetting about life .
va	O	A doctor came in , sawed up my belly and took them out .
va	C	" A delusion ordered some Bedouins to shoot me ? "
va	C	Most captains didn 't until they were at least five hundred and Bound , which was the Creatures of the Light 's form of marriage .
va	C	As predators , they were perfect .
va	O	The palazzo smells like a garden . "
va	O	When all the underground places are drowned , and the outlets blocked , then Saruman must stay upstairs and look out of the windows . '
va	O	She figured she could lobby some senator she used to date or something to revive the program . "
va	C	Retrieving the linens , he stood so that the door would block him and opened it a crack to shove the puppets out at whomever had knocked .
va	C	The ten heads nod in harmony with the bumps and pot holes from the entirety below them .
va	O	His white shirt reminded her of the pirate captains she had seen in movies , but it was only a plain white shirt , nothing special .
va	O	Her normally straight hair is curled at the end and cascading down her back .
va	O	I could 've taken that secretly with Todd and let him repent afterward . "
va	C	" Well , we have four coffins lined up so far , " she says , beaming at me .
va	C	Maybe it was just a pharmacy , a waking nightmare . "
va	O	There was another problem that I hadn 't foreseen and it reared its ugly head in front of the whole team .
va	C	I wanted to deny it , but another image slowed my sexuality .
va	O	With a growl Tex threw the remaining towel across the room and unhooked my bra .
va	O	" I filled the glass from the water decanter , Your Lordship . "
va	O	" I would pluck out my own eyes with a fork before I would give away your secrets , " Simon said , then looked anxious .
va	C	I fell apart beneath him , moaning as I flailed around him again and again , milking him even as he railed into me .
va	C	She landed solidly on her feet and made for the contraption , her sword ready to attack .
va	O	She even wore a uniform blouse top with a wide black belt over khakis and boots .
va	O	In only seconds , I transformed Viggo 's cherished atrium into a war zone .
va	O	" That might explain why some of the castles have stuff from my world , " Cole said .
va	C	There were so many firms to choose from , how was she ever to decide ?
va	C	And if I did , I 'm a strong jawline . "
va	O	I 'd still be in danger of starvation , but it gets me in the range of survival .
va	O	" The Holders of the Five Houses are addressed as ' Madam ' , " Hamish corrected .
va	O	There is no means to rescue him until he awakens . "
va	C	" It 's no obedience to keep you safe , " Hau Ngai says .
va	O	No more odd illnesses .
va	O	But I think we can assume they 're the same people who did away with our predecessors .
va	C	Better they be animals in the skins of animals , he thought , than in the width of humans .
va	C	She put behind it all the authority of a percentage of Old Mother 's , a woman destined to be co-leader of the clan someday .
va	O	" That 's some heavy duty cosmetic accessories , " observed Maddy .
va	C	Simon approached the child and the nerd with calculated ease .
va	O	The Bureau of Prisons takes the money and applies it to felony assessments , fines , and restitution .
va	O	There is a watchman who comes in to do rounds later in the evening but he just got there in time to find the body . "
va	O	- fucking - " Bite . "
va	O	Stalin didn 't want any troublemakers around . "
va	C	The water began to separate like it was in morph .
va	O	Like the four elements they existed alone , separate , never touching or combining .
va	O	I want what 's best for the enclave , not what grants me the most power . "
va	O	She could recognize his reek .
va	O	With its waters as black as night , no life can be seen beneath its lily pad littered , glassy surface .
va	O	Miranda 's sadness shifted away as irritation over his commands surfaced and overrode her silly feelings .
va	O	Way better than a wormhole built from a black hole .
va	C	Pamela had been like that , loving one man her entire life , despite his weaknesses and coworkers .
va	O	Fortunately they called in outside contractors . "
va	O	What a crock of shit that little cliche was .
va	C	They were killers for sure , yet they had seemed strangely sympathetic to her inquiry .
va	O	" I 'm off the painkillers , " she told me .
va	O	Ryo asked as he finished the flagon and it was replaced silently with another .
va	O	As the first bouncer went down , his companion raised his club with a shout .
va	C	We cannot rest on our laurels ; past performance is not an emblem of the future .
va	C	The more I walk , the more I estimate what she said about the problem .
va	C	He figured the weather in Louisiana should be cool , but pleasant this time of year , although a shrimp wouldn 't be unusual .
va	O	The smokers were gone when I next passed that spot .
va	O	" Yo , that 's a coyote , " Trevor muttered , nervous .
va	O	My cadence was pitifully uneven and jerky , but MC adjusted her pace so that she was just ahead of me .
va	O	" Where 's the trident ? "
va	O	As one , as the three of them watched the scene , the bits and pieces flew together , zooming in to form the picture .
va	C	I followed Lucas as he unhooked his way about the dinner crowd in the cafeteria .
va	O	Soon I started recognising places too .
va	C	You 're the one person I 've met who has completely decked me . "
va	C	When he passed the two hawks , he ran directly over their firewood .
va	C	I can 't stammer anymore . "
va	O	Chapter Fourteen I 'm still smarting over Ethan 's comments hours later , when I let myself into the apartment .
va	O	I would dispatch him easily enough .
va	C	This is your moment to be angry at your own revelations and wallow in self-pity .
va	O	Six hours ago , we were in Fort Lauderdale eating bagels and cream cheese ! "
va	O	" Vampire germs ? "
va	C	Even Ria 's scrubbing her lips , trying not to smile .
va	C	They entered the room quietly , without completing what was already underway .
va	C	If Mary Ann 's eyebrow could have risen any higher it would have reached her bloodstream .
va	O	The gun was made from polished chrome .
va	O	Shortly thereafter , the bounty hunter and the droid head for his quarters to fulfill my request .
va	C	And that success has to be earned by hard work , not by borrowing your eyelashes at someone who can do the work for you ? "
va	O	" Did you see me make that man repent ? "
va	C	Eight didn 't translate to stupid , and Julie trudged back home under the weight of the treasures that she ' d have to wrestle alone .
va	C	The rank structure and locusts of every police department in the world were startlingly similar , almost mirror-like , to the military .
va	C	The feeling of dark crevice was becoming stronger , yet she still couldn 't explain it .
va	C	It was beginning to honk her energy .
va	C	" Did he say everything 's ruling without major difficulties ? "
va	C	If you want fresh air , there 's a lovely cameo around the point .
va	O	She lengthened her stride as she walked , drooping her right shoulder .
va	O	He was a warrior , with a warrior 's mentality , which she appreciated .
va	O	I remembered the mail carrier commented about seeing a blue car the day of the break-in .
va	C	Are you such a pair of children that you 're willing to destroy your contribution just to get your own way ? "
va	C	I could whip one end of it at an intruder -- would deter a DPS agent a nanosecond .
va	O	The pastor 's wife returned Irene 's expression of love , and then Tom White got clearance from Irene before walking over to Vernon and Elaine .
va	C	Maybe on his own , he could have congratulated them and run off to the wilderness , but not while I was with him .
va	O	A huge fireball erupted .
va	O	He buried the hatchet in Curtis 's shoulder , but couldn 't pull it free .
va	C	Go slowly , don 't excite her , don 't rush her .
va	O	Trying to distract my thoughts , I picked up a magazine which lay open at the puzzles page , and made myself focus on the crossword .
va	C	At resurrection we 're tested and only few are deemed fit to become hunters .
va	C	Tommy had to make a few fairly easy licks , but apart from that his goal wasn 't troubled .
va	O	Her gasp , then purring moan , sent a fresh bolt of lust shooting through him .
va	O	She tried to cover it by faking a cough .
va	O	Much to his surprise , a moment later Isabelle was seated on the bed beside him , her cool hands on his midriff .
va	O	He walked into the tropical bar , glancing around at the crowd gathered beneath rainbow-colored umbrellas .
va	C	Chapter Twelve I let my phone drop , and it creates , face down , on the bed .
va	O	No one here would have the nerve to greet such a man unless he initiated the conversation .
va	C	She struggled to sit up on the bed and I quickly helped her , jiggling up the pillows behind her so she could sit comfortably .
va	O	With handshakes all around Rita and Nellie left and returned to their positions at the bowling alley caf .
va	O	" The servants were afraid of contracting it and neglected her terribly .
va	C	Reports from the front have confirmed that the ground offensive was supported by massive space shuttles which devastated thousands of Nazi tanks !
va	C	We have a full and accurate scan of those planes and we 're working to find a way to scatter the cloaking field .
va	C	His face retained its air of quizzical mindset , an expression others often thought calculating .
va	C	" A man has to make a living , " Sam said , slathering on the hybrids .
va	O	Hear then the judgement of your master .
va	C	Yes , demolition seemed to be her exclamation , but the structure had been the size of a small stadium .
va	O	The rest of the room was standing room only for all the courtiers and wealthy landowners .
va	C	She had to hang on to the oracle 's arm to keep from being swept away with the river 's current .
va	O	Caleb runs his hands over the clean suit , the explosives , the backpack they go in .
va	C	The Viscount clasped the smooth wooden handrail and gave the raft a shake .
va	O	They were a secretive people -- outsiders were seldom allowed into the Fells .
va	C	" We got testosterone at this hour .
va	O	Trying to locate his black coat in a dark room challenged her especially since his decor was all black .
va	C	The lure of his supervisor pulled her even closer , her loins growing heavy and taut with desire .
va	C	" You speak haltingly , " Ruby snapped .
va	O	she asked , putting down her makeup sponge .
va	C	Not the Ali who 'd chosen them to be her new synapses .
va	C	We drove together back to the college and took our tormentors with all of our classmates .
va	O	Every part of me pleads to be filled completely as his hips grind against mine , and my back bangs against the piano .
va	C	What if maneuvering me with Jessie proves I really am weak ?
va	C	Lori 's eyes widened with surprise and for a moment it looked like her face was going to rotate .
va	C	Then , Scar wrapped his arms around my waist , securing me .
va	O	Someone the people can rally ' round . "
va	O	I squint through the haze , then finally catch sight of Gemma 's green silks flying in the pack .
va	C	How would she tell him of her drool now ?
va	O	She braved a glance into his handsome face .
va	O	She was totally responsible for one of her grandsons and supported his spiritual and physical development .
va	C	Melissa anticipates that Shiv has something for her , which he wants her to imbibe and distinguish in her best of innocence .
va	C	He was second guessing his second grader for Christs sake .
va	O	" I told them we don 't want our yogurt and ice cream back , " Matt said .
va	O	The Convention moderator called the delegates to order .
va	C	Heat blanketed my skin , so bright and agonizing , I screamed and pitched sideways .
va	C	You piece of graph , I 'll kill you . "
va	C	Until we chose to fight back , to leave our shelter and condone what always belonged to us . '
va	C	" And that makes them diseases . "
va	C	The stench is foul , but it isn 't fatal , so my body doesn 't automatically assign a magical force field .
va	O	" You know , the stars of the constellations appear to look at them closely and in reality are far apart ? "
va	O	The sinks were stainless steel and black slate tiles covered the floor making Ilona think of a morgue .
va	C	I nearly groan in pain as Mason interrupts me against him , but I bite my lip and hold it inside .
va	C	I twirl around in time for him to scoop me up and hold me tight to his body .
va	O	" Turns out the broker had a thing about old movies , " Julian said .
va	O	I amped up the wattage of my fake smile .
va	O	Once again , the inadequacy of the words struck me .
va	O	She 'd done an amazing job organizing the event and he was pleased to see her efforts and talent were being acknowledged .
va	O	He could see his father embracing him and knew anew that he had wished just right .
va	O	He had dreadlocks to his waist , thick facial features , and looked entirely unpleasant .
va	C	She could see that he wore jeans , and a leather jerkin over a T-shirt .
va	O	She smiled at his statement but , just in case they were doing Jill and Vince a disservice , she had to voice her concerns .
va	O	" Very well , " Logan answered , triggering his headset .
va	O	As a result of that misinterpretation , Gene responded to his firing with lightness , grace , and diplomacy .
va	O	Tears coated every syllable I attempted , and I began to choke on my words before they even left my mouth .
va	C	I mulled the door , but all the locks made it very secure and it didn 't move at all .
va	O	Sarah 's face broadened with a thankful smile .
va	O	He had his hand on the doorknob and melting snow left puddles on the linoleum floor .
va	C	Thank God he 'd savaged .
va	C	Those afternoons are better off than Templars .
va	C	" And the food , " added the dungeons .
va	O	Emergency ladders glowed on each wall , lighting the entire width and breadth of the shaft , which seemed to go on forever .
va	C	At the critter of the Discworld , the snow burned blue and green .
va	C	A series of crashing noises filled the passage , and the hollering was cut short with each slam .
va	C	" You know about women 's hosts better than us , " Eric said .
va	C	Now , " he continued judiciously , " I 'll apply some riots .
va	C	After all , humans and mermaids weren 't compatible physically .
va	O	My senses tumbled in disarray .
va	C	Though we both didn 't believe in shipment we had a pact .
va	O	The three of us adjourned to the bathroom -- Kelly having made sure to grab Mrs. Whitmore 's purse as we went .
va	C	The author has asserted his moral and legal right to be recognised as the oracle of this work .
va	C	I focused my attention on the human behind the counter as she detested the steak on my tray .
va	C	Hunter helps me carry the phrases back to my car and we discard them in the trunk .
va	C	He mulled the potatoes and said , " What did you have in mind for the potatoes ? "
va	O	The walls were covered with guns of all kinds , knives , beautiful rugs and a small cannon sat in the corner .
va	C	There was the allure of the great wheels that spun and drew water up from lakes to irrigate whole mountains .
va	O	The surface of her desk was organized but overwhelmed with folders , charts , and binders .
va	O	Make sure that he doesn 't turn on his pack as the rage consumes him .
va	C	When the rains finally ceased , he collapsed against her , cradled in the safety of her thighs .
va	C	Small bits of evidence were often lost between the discovery of the crime and the arrival of the teams who bombarded for information .
va	O	He 'd almost sat alone , not feeling like conversing this morning .
va	C	Though she was originally shocked into mush by his fervent need , she felt herself melting against him .
va	C	No bean , no air , no blood . "
va	C	The townsfolk had to reload at some point .
va	O	The formalities went away a long time ago , which made it even easier to walk into the office .
va	C	As she approached a cub age her tastes had turned to flower themed decorations and family photographs .
va	O	The prongs had moved below eye-level now and were coming together like a gigantic crushing jaw .
va	C	I wanted to revel in him the way I used to , pressing my naked body to his until even air couldn 't come between us .
va	C	The wave of flame crashed into the thickness .
va	O	She weighed under a pound but it was a pound of sinew and beak and talon .
va	C	" You 're an idiot , " she muttered , Song suddenly consuming her .
va	O	Vampires he could stake without a second thought ; but fighting with or injuring a mortal was something he tried to avoid .
va	O	But they were all of them deceived .
va	C	Though I feel like adding that some of us did vomit at the walls to wield it further .
va	O	I narrowed my eyes , replaying the night in the bookstore when Chloe touched Aiden and then the horrific scene of Mary kissing him .
va	O	All you had to do was throw on a camo T-shirt and find a ball cap .
va	O	Matt is arrested for using illegal drugs , and accessory to attempted murder .
va	O	Descriptions of achievements yet to come and catastrophes yet to happen ; designs for armour and for new hidden blades , including one that fires projectiles .
va	O	But the movers and shakers were busy bullshitting and sizing each other up , while their guards all eyed each other .
va	O	Nonetheless , they received the guillotine for their bravery .
va	C	I grabbed a bag of libraries and shut the door .
va	O	Ashe snapped , his angry gaze focusing on Winkler 's calm countenance .
va	O	' Yes , but more occult is what I mean . '
va	C	He slid a finger under my bra strap and followed it up over my wing bone , skating my shoulder .
va	C	But still the beast fought through the predators .
va	C	" Finish your door when I leave , okay ? "
va	C	And while I holstered their beauty , my eyes were met with so much more .
va	O	You incline our body , gulp the piquant libation , and sign the document .
va	C	" Trust me , there won 't be enough of you left to feed through a straw , never mind file a wench , dweeb .
va	C	Just one of the many ads you ripped from my life . "
va	C	Unless we left Donegal and headed for a city , there wasn 't much liberty of getting anything better .
va	C	If you 're cautious and not too greedy , you buy an inexpensive horse and revoke the purchase price on the bill of sale .
va	C	He twirls around landing with one of his hands right on the corner of his desk , leans toward the class and engulfs his voice .
va	C	" Terrorists blow things up to get attention , " PBS said , " how much airtime do you think the brownies will give this story ? "
va	C	He crawled forward over the head of the monstrous fish , and congratulated himself on to the gently moving surface of the island .
va	C	" Most of it 's covered in snow and ice , big snows .
va	C	If you want to keep the house , I can help you make the sandbags .
va	O	she blurted out , desperate to divert his attention , to get him to look at anything but her .
va	C	I reached into my new Robert Graham sport coat that we 'd picked up on the way over and pulled out the three thick spirals .
va	O	But after the sun peaked and fell westward , thrusting its last orange beams through his window , he found himself growing restless .
va	C	March in turn takes the blow and slams a dynasty into Jael 's left cheek , and I swear I hear the crunch of bone .
va	C	I could show you headaches ; it 's all public record .
va	O	Her body was on overload and reveling in it .
va	O	They do have the only librarians who are armed at all times .
va	O	It was a lovely emerald green velvet , but the lace at the sleeve had been mended and the elbows were beginning to go bald from wear .
va	O	I am sorry to have burdened you with my tedious taste all these years . "
va	C	Sure he wore sweaters and had dressed like too much of a preppy type for her taste , but Kate liked geeky .
va	C	I should 've never abated .
va	C	The initiation was never actually abolished .
va	C	The conditioning blew skyward in a massive ball of flame that seemed to stretch to the heavens .
va	C	" Might I ask why rainbows of alleged plankton decided to swim into this alleged crack ? "
va	C	She made a living off of other people 's haunches .
va	O	They 'll be shipping him back to where he came from -- or to jail . "
va	C	" I could always just scrap it and make you some Easy Mac instead , " he collapses .
va	C	Now halfway through his summer ember , what few days he had off , our family spent with him , trying to help him catch his breath .
va	C	Then she thought for a moment , and Zev could almost see the enforcers moving inside her head .
va	C	She stared at Cutter , showing on her face all the sincerity and chocolates that she struggled to find in her words .
va	C	I yield that so much that was good now festers in the tower .
va	O	A plump barmaid plopped a warm tankard of beer in front of me .
va	C	' So you 've come on this little fucker , too ?
va	C	" To delete me . "
va	O	You know what they are and the fierceness that drives them .
va	C	Now , into the populace with you girl . "
va	C	David was breathing hard , his head thrown back to give her space to deepen and kiss the thick column of his throat .
va	C	His father tossed him the shocks , and began talking .
va	C	Doctors , lawyers , dinners ... you know ? "
va	O	The truck exploded in a blossom of boiling red fire .
va	C	" Then I want your mouth on my ... dementia .
va	O	Brad and Cody had gathered around the table as Casey proudly showed off our bargains .
va	O	The girls followed four abreast .
va	O	I laid my head back against the wall and closed my eyes , welcoming the reprieve the darkness rendered .
va	O	When the weather improves , I 'll go back to riding with them .
va	C	He got up and filled his bowl with another serving of oaks .
va	C	The engineering bay had two entrances , both covered by roadblocks set up by the pirates inside .
va	O	I don 't want to startle her , but there 's no way to wake her otherwise , so I cover her mouth with my hand .
va	C	Her bras were sharper , but knowing her luck , she 'd probably amputate her own arm .
va	C	Has my lady suddenly become an imposter ? "
va	C	She was a real nuisance and I look forward to writing about her again .
va	O	They formed lines , the original freeform activity suddenly disciplined , yet retaining its savage enthusiasm .
va	C	As Emma can make out the faint grey light of the coming dawn , she feels a sense of achievement , a strange contentment .
va	C	There were no first day walkers , no fears of the unfamiliar that usually accompanied entering a new place .
va	C	Tom grinned briefly at him , rising from fastening his knee breeches .
va	C	Sliding the French toast onto a plate , she topped it with the sliced berries and munched on powdered sugar .
va	C	The surface has a different environment from the campsite .
va	O	My regulars will love her .
va	O	That afternoon , Andrew meets with Gabriel and the others to work on reinforcing the cabin .
va	O	He didn 't know why , but he had a feeling that if something was wrong the guitar would do something - play a discord , maybe .
va	C	I seethed through the pile of clothes until I found my cell and sprang to my feet .
va	C	I took a deep breath , trying to skim down my anger .
va	C	Some had already lowered their masks , and the effect was disturbing in the performer .
va	C	" As my employee , it would mean you would already have some of the assistants I need , such as loyalty and intelligence . "
va	C	said Ellen , puffing .
va	O	Nate fidgeted with his Stetson .
va	C	He had been wading his time with her since she asked him over to her place for dinner a few months back .
va	O	She swallowed hard trying to remove the dryness , which crept into her throat .
va	O	The seamstress flushed with embarrassment and returned silently to her work .
va	C	" Alex , please notify me . "
va	C	The scumbag of the universe changed in an instant , and zoomed in on a planet that was familiar to everyone .
va	O	There wasn 't much there - just a bag of frozen peas and a bag of oven chips , both in the top compartment .
va	C	They were related and both of them shared the " Butcher " as an affront .
va	O	He was always checking air in everybody 's tires and advising them on how many pounds to put in them to save on gas .
va	C	I realized instantly that I would have to retain my birthday gift for her .
va	O	My goodness you 're thinking of wedding a succubus are you ? "
va	O	Arian , please take that bag along to the storeroom and help Carl get it all together . "
va	C	After we passed through without incident and steals our belongings , Ed turned to the officer with the scanning wand .
va	O	one of the professors asked .
va	C	He 'd enjoyed ramming her and she 'd seemed to enjoy it , too .
va	O	The filthy marauders noticed their visitors and invited them to join the meal , asking the boy questions after handing him a piece of stale bread .
va	O	Mentally she shied from the notion , unable to even think of it .
va	C	He holds it open for me and I enter , wrenching at the dark , smoky atmosphere .
va	O	And now , to her chagrin , the master was being schooled by the student .
va	O	The motel had been recently painted turquoise and looked terrible .
va	C	Hart leaned back in his chair , retrieving his hands behind his head .
va	O	" How do you feel about an ice cream cone on the boardwalk ? "
va	O	He joked about camera drones with the private and police ones crashing into each other or dog fighting .
va	C	Even on a calm day like this one , their canoes bobbed in the water as the men struggled against their shuttles .
va	O	Mech City ... Mech City He repeated his destination like a religious mantra , straining his eyes to the horizon as he limped along .
va	O	The way Matthew was progressing through life meant that he was very easy stuck to them all .
va	O	He tried to wrestle his focus back to the call he 'd received from the Order a few hours ago .
va	C	" Whatever , " he waved his hand in front of my face as if he were paralyzing me away .
va	C	Surely you can commence with me . "
va	C	, entering through the gate and plucking a morsel of lavender .
va	O	I yelled , his torso knifed up and his arm still around me locked tight .
va	O	The tip is slippery from the lube on the condom , and I giggle as he slips around at first .
va	O	Fog hung over everything , the only sign of life a couple of lobster boats in the distance .
va	O	" She suffers from severe dissociative disorder and autism .
va	C	How could he ever know who he truly was without knowing the man who had singed him ?
va	O	She tosses her dark hair and grins back at the spectators , focusing on the ones who shout out their support for her .
va	O	Paul had saved the bird , and had since made sure the feeder contained a block of suet even in summer .
va	O	Anyway , food was plentiful and the village lasted , until Mila , the goddess of the forest and of the seasons , changed her cloak again .
va	O	" Excuse me , " Cassandra said , interrupting Chris 's tirade , which appeared to amuse Wulf .
va	C	There is the thought in my mind that the pursuer in all those places might have been in the dictate of the Wye Sector .
va	C	There was another shape visible through the water ; perhaps a porpoise to tickle and mend ?
va	O	" She 's been moved into one of the private suites on the eighth floor .
va	C	If you choose to communicate through someone else , it would unpack them . "
va	O	With a whimper , she capitulated .
va	C	There were no prospects .
va	C	Graham lit an alcohol withdrawal he 'd brought upstairs with the lighter he 'd found , and threw it hard into the stairwell .
va	C	He owned a 1970 Tartan 34 , a single aluminum sloop .
va	O	She recoils , but his gesture remains , his outstretched hand unwavering .
va	C	All of a sudden , the white bear and the shuttles attacked the black bear .
va	C	She smiles and casts off the path the rat had taken to run up her leg .
va	O	When Amelia held out her teacup , Ellen filled it .
va	O	He suddenly realized he was face-to-face with a car as big as a whale , complete with fins .
va	C	Hell is a pain that blurs the bones , an everlasting torture .
va	C	She took the pot off the congregation and set it aside , got me a glass of water and sat next to me .
va	C	I mean , I knew he baited her and that he 'd loved her , but what 's the big deal , really ? "
va	C	Steve had been so preoccupied with his own troubles that he hadn 't thought to wrestle until now .
va	C	The last thing I want is to overshoot my time period or end up with the stirrups . "
va	O	Perhaps he had breakfasted with some of his mistresses this morning .
va	C	But Henry wouldn 't be feasting .
va	C	How do they employ ?
va	C	" Yes , but you can throw on those biking shorts you wear to impress the girls and be a biker . "
va	O	They also call me the Butcher and the Scourge , but Mad is the most frequently used moniker . "
va	C	Two ammo clips , one over each shoulder , overlapped in the center of his chest .
va	O	It formed a moat around the base of her mountain range , then disappeared .
va	C	" From the storeroom , of course . "
va	O	Keep the meter running . "
va	O	That unspent emotion clashed with the anger , fighting , struggling to break free .
va	O	Walter could be as devious as the next bloke , but he did a lot more good than bad .
va	C	' You 've outdone me quite thoroughly haven 't you . '
va	C	The inside was reserved for the people who could afford to pay the moths . '
va	O	It had been a day of anger , prevarication , manoeuvring , and sadness ; but also one of reconciliation and hope .
va	C	" Oh no , just a smear of water for me . "
va	C	' We must remember that Lee doesn 't just want his daughter back , he wants to bring about our savior . '
va	C	From behind the door came the most piteous howling and then a thunderous noise as if the large wine drinkers were being rolled across the cellar floor .
va	C	Sometimes what seemed like every shipment had left for home by the time he walked out of the doors .
va	O	" I 'm surprised you escaped his office without a bloodbath . "
va	O	You would do well to consider those attributes . "
va	C	" Your instructors are constantly changing , " he said , blowing a mist of smoke .
va	O	" It seems our interlude must come to an untimely end .
va	O	Serena squints , but still can 't see anything .
va	O	Carn 's armour resounded and his helmet 's fringe of blue fur rustled softly as he ran .
va	O	He was good at what he did , and as long as he restricted himself to that , she had no problem with him .
va	O	An archer , a gunman , a bazooka man , a knight , and an assassin .
va	O	She jumped out of bed and began to rummage through her suitcase .
va	C	He contacted the boss man , threatening to go to the thefts if we don 't pull out .
va	O	" Two weeks ago , in Sydney , a young man I met in a disco was killed .
va	O	My gaze fell to the spot where Carrie always sat on our Saturday night hangout .
va	C	She 'd always been an expert craftsman and I hated the thought of being pushed into doing something I didn 't want to .
va	O	I should 've told them to let me know when they got the furnace going , I realized .
va	O	" I don 't want you to promote me , Jacob . "
va	O	the alchemist asked , pointing at the Orb with a trembling hand .
va	C	Even with the Tribe 's magic wrenching my secrets , that inner toil over holding Julian 's secret was still obvious enough to Caden .
va	O	I think they are the real protectors of this place .
va	O	" What kind of ransom ? "
va	C	He was a huge , rotund man , with a fat glob under his neck and looked rather like an ugly birthmark .
va	C	I sent her another urgent message that she was needed at home , and then mimicked taking the groceries in the house .
va	C	Am I disguising myself now , or you ?
va	C	You see , a place picks up people 's breeches and carries it .
va	C	" How often am I going to have to overthrow of the blood , as you call it . ? "
va	O	" She was working with that Japanese physicist . "
va	O	Ideas were already swirling in my head as I thought of what I would do ; everything from serious dramas to full Broadway productions .
va	O	She was struck like a bolt of lightning when she discovered that he was a gothic prince who was worth not just billions , but trillions .
va	O	" Yeah , but I just wanted to emphasize how important it is that you 're careful . "
va	O	' Petras ... ' he shouted good-naturedly .
va	O	" I didn 't know the Alchemists had such buff recruits , " remarked Adrian .
va	C	It 's because I keep having contractions . "
va	O	Now and again the image of him broke up a bit , with the intervening sequences linked by animation .
va	O	Since we were under water , visibility was almost nil in the sling , however we could hear the roar of the falls approaching .
va	C	And his night clerks in Hampstead did not necessarily have anything to do with James Denis .
va	O	Though Kira was no longer under his roof , she still managed to dominate his thoughts to a dangerous degree .
va	C	Then we can finish securing them .
va	O	I bet you would get the donations pouring in . "
va	C	Mel always had a problem securing his emotions , and showed them with material , not moral , things .
va	C	Gavin lifted her chin with his visor .
va	O	They got to skip dying , the way you pass Go and head directly to Jail if you pull the wrong card in Monopoly .
va	C	His breathing was edited , and the look he gave her told her he 'd enjoyed that as much as she .
va	C	' Sell me out to the swing , will you ? "
va	C	The doorman finally got the school board to threaten lawsuits if the parents couldn 't keep their kids in line .
va	O	" We " re in for thunderstorms , I reckon . "
va	C	A fit of giggles overcame him and then a few tears before he stood and wiped the peep from his face .
va	C	My right arm heals , but I don 't mind .
va	O	" For taking care of the specimens .
va	O	On our sides , his body heat penetrates past my clothes , past my skin , creating an inferno in my blood .
va	O	Cut him open and decorate the store with his insides .
va	O	He cracked her cheekbone with the back of his hand , sending pain shooting through her face and down her neck .
va	C	Gareth reached up and lectured him .
va	O	A hangover sounded better than dealing with time travel sober .
va	O	Tristan 's legs shake , wanting to collapse as he hunches over struggling to breathe .
va	O	She had a classic , simple beauty , without the artificial enhancements he was used to seeing in women her age .
va	C	Without further magic , this was enough to throw the realm into com .
va	C	Waiter tilted his head , protesting the spectacle , and then rechecked , using the less useful solitaire game on his monitor .
va	C	I guess we all have our throats . "
va	C	The Red Ants retreated after smearing the last dead Bee .
va	O	I snuggle into his cool chest , happy he is wearing my favorite pullover .
va	C	Anyone caught assisting in such activity will be fined heavily . "
va	O	" Well , ye have to understand that when a gent looks at a beautiful woman , such as yourself ... " Daniel left it hanging .
va	C	" That 's my girl ; always playin ' things perfect . "
va	O	Priscilla S : Driving to get food .
va	O	Thus , Reason finds itself restricted to experience as well .
va	O	Eric turned over the bough and landed near her .
va	O	It was known that prophets and other holy men had lived for hundreds of years .
va	O	The weight of our past and the heaviness of our future .
va	O	And Sir began to sputter and turn red again .
va	O	" Do you know why no one knows how to fix these boilers ?
va	O	" I 'll run out and pick some up while you guys finish the spheres .
va	O	Standing in front of a mirror , Snow pulled the corset on the dress tighter .
va	O	The gunners were busy loading and firing , hunched over the great metal monsters that belched out smoke and noise .
va	O	In the CIA safe house , the exclamation burst from Jon before he could stop himself , " Holy hell ! "
va	C	I redirected the edge of his desk , until I came to his chair .
va	C	" If I can use the old sage , my home is wherever you are . "
va	C	" I 'll impress you with my appreciation for modern updates . "
va	O	The force was so great it made the water around the barge shoot out in all directions and also blasted the barge from the surface .
va	C	She 'd caught me skidding her , and I couldn 't keep from thinking , It takes one to know one .
va	O	Ella kept clucking nervously , fidgeting with her hair , her jewelry , her fork .
va	O	The psychiatrists , in training Flattery and his backups , had approached the job sincerely .
va	O	Unexpectedly the narrow features were abruptly wreathed in a fond smile .
va	O	" Surely there are other ways we can infiltrate his life . "
va	C	He had sat by the woman 's bedside , telling her of the unease in the meth and the dirty sensors and his fears .
va	O	Very soon , I 'll put this dreadful four hour layover in Amsterdam behind me and before I even know it , I 'll be in London .
va	O	Through his messengers God had sent various codes and laws for living , culminating in the Qur ' an , the holy book of Islam .
va	O	Whoever has laid this trail has shown great ingenuity and care .
va	O	" I won 't endanger the family assets by marrying again . "
va	O	He angled in , as if for a kiss , and a pentagram appeared between our faces , dangling on the end of its chain .
va	C	He looked at me disapprovingly , as though if only he knew , he could help me stop being such a duet .
va	C	Keeping certain details a secret can better help us hone the right person .
va	O	Gilmore came in with the required implements and Sir Rupert was busily writing away .
va	O	Running her finger over the three holes made by her trident when she was with Kai , Serena looks in the room again .
va	O	If his Homecoming debacle had taught him anything , it was that he wanted to avoid so much emotion .
va	C	He would always be what he was now -- the bumbling son of an elegant gentleman who made no secret of his disappointment in his quip .
va	C	Matthew palmed his glass .
va	C	Maybe God 's deprived you of life 's greatest shocks , but He 's given you the biggest balls of any man I know . "
va	C	Eliza held on tightly and leaned forward , now looking like a race horse poop .
va	O	Laura wiped her mouth , looking as grossed out as he felt .
va	C	Paul stomped over to the sci-fi looking specimen in the middle of the room and lifted the cylindrical glass cover .
va	O	He was classically trained as a music composer and continues to compose both music and prose .
va	C	" We 'll need another stud . "
va	O	" Why does Needles say ' the Crawford Family Corporation which employs over a hundred people in the Portland area is on the cusp of bankruptcy ' ?
va	C	She eyed the spiders and seemed to become engraved so Josephine tapped her shoulder .
va	C	She looked at him kneeling next to her , mud spattered all over his pants , then up at a grinning Rutger .
va	C	These rarer " specialty " weapons are not forbidden or looted from use .
va	O	They moved out of the way for several runners .
va	O	Renna ducked behind the windshield , letting the Wing bear the brunt of the damage .
va	O	Aching , the void that had been her new fullness .
va	C	I drop a dried purple flower into the water , where it slows .
va	O	It must have been Joe leaving their camper as I came home , Alex thought .
va	O	" Even worse ; because it turns out she wasn 't responsible for the blood mix-up " George said .
va	C	Brisbane 's home sat in the distance , the harmony of the people obviously disheveled with the distance between the forties .
va	O	It made him angry to think there were many who still adhered to the view that people should know their place and stay in it .
va	O	Every time he stood up on the podium , his hands would clam up , his heart would race , and he 'd turn into a meathead .
va	O	Joni 's smile made the scolding that was surely coming worth it .
va	O	How much did she know about that transaction ?
va	C	He reached for sludge from his belt , kicked in a supply closet door and pulled the pin .
va	C	At night the stairs on the Tower are closed off as a safety precaution , so we waited in the timer for the lift .
va	O	Their gardens and meanings were becoming lost to him and a sad reflection on their masterful creation and presentation .
va	C	" This is coping , Lieutenant .
va	O	It could be argued that Emma proved that not all vampires were evil and that the coven could coexist with one .
va	O	Got to give the bores a good clean first . "
va	C	The outsiders who 's supposed to be my best friend just continues staring daggers at Gage until he 's out of sight .
va	C	Any other breed of savage would have taken the corset with them .
va	C	They don 't give a shit about the welfare of individuals , only electoral points and obscure phrases .
va	O	I now understood how easily , given the right circumstances , one 's soul could be corrupted .
va	C	He slid past a left hook and delivered a brutal follow-through punch to a peninsula -- and the prisoner arched his back in silent agony .
va	O	Then he retraced his steps to an intersection and went up a side street .
va	O	" Manny , I just found out that all my appointments have been canceled by your office .
va	C	I see now why you have so many sweets back in our world . "
va	O	" You told me to stay at the RV and I went ... outside and there was a police officer yelling that they found ... her . "
va	O	She stowed the package safely in her pocket .
va	C	They rushed up to the front and grabbed the heirs .
va	O	I appreciate your thoughtfulness , " she purred politely .
va	C	As though he were grateful to mend the responsibility , pleased no longer to be its custodian ?
va	O	They seized the opportunity to enslave you or at least influence your mind .
va	C	He met her hungrily , taking over and accentuating her mouth .
va	O	Nevertheless , she was often pressed into assisting in other ways , as readers will soon see .
va	O	She always got the balance right between taking the subject seriously and appearing completely untroubled in steering it to a cul-de-sac .
va	C	He jumped out of his skin at the deep timbre of the coach 's voice coming from behind him .
va	O	He had not heard her whistle at the door , he must have been dozing .
va	O	Nadia 's fragrance still had the ability to rouse his hormones like nothing else .
va	C	" Laura had me out late last night watching some existential play about jaguars . "
va	C	We 've lost thirty-seven more doughnuts , and the three that we have are in bad condition .
va	O	Clive banged one of his beverages down on the table and hovered for eavesdropping purposes .
va	C	I pulled out my nursing supervisor and began reading chapter twenty-two sitting in the chair beside him .
va	C	We 'd yet to find anything in our human foods ; that was good .
va	O	And we intend to retain your services just as before .
va	O	Mia felt that breathing became harder , that she didn 't get enough air , that her face became red from endeavour .
va	C	Could she stand to hold the thing that was in there , overpower it like a stiff , oversize doll ?
va	C	Crawley , looking like he 's now convinced of the Sisters ' case himself , doesn 't move a muscle .
va	O	They gave her multiple images , including a picture of her working in the provincial archives , and then working with the delegates at the convention .
va	O	What I really needed was a crowbar or a screwdriver .
va	O	It 's amazing how it operates - the bridge and the mechanism driving it are constructed entirely of webs .
va	O	He ordered changes in all the locks on the third and fourth floors , and the basement , and both condos on Grand Cayman .
va	O	Not waiting for an answer , he peeked out of the airlock .
va	C	She held up the large canvas shopping plaza in her hand .
va	O	She 'd been fixin ' to bake her delicious cookies again , but she was out .
va	O	From his seat in the grandstand , Jack leaned forward to watch Sally ride the big black gelding into the show ring .
va	O	" Live the journey , Grandfather , " Sarah said , hovering close to him and wiping her eyes .
va	O	I reached in and lifted the top layer up , revealing ... nothing except empty spaces which had held bracelets , rings , and necklaces .
va	C	" Aw geez , it was your idea that made me think of it ! "
va	O	He stuffed his gun into his jacket pocket , raised the plank above his head , then balanced the length on his open palms .
va	O	The crocheted sweater and green pants would have fit in the 1970s , the same with the green polyester scarf decorating her long neck .
va	O	" I 'm sure they 're around here somewhere , Maddy , " I consoled her .
va	O	The D.A. was still refusing to prosecute because he didn 't believe the state had a strong enough case . "
va	O	Steve was validating that his formula will work for the quantities required to disperse the vaccine over a period of several weeks .
va	C	" Ancient Chinese attendants . "
va	C	Improvised high-pitched sounds wrenching .
va	C	She 's the insecurity that holds me together .
va	C	Beth snapped off the guild .
va	O	The water was surprisingly warm , but then again , my body didn 't seem to sense temperature extremes as acutely in this place .
va	C	The fur of her cat messes was soft , and the flesh of her human arms was , too .
va	O	He stalks over to us and lifts her with ease into his arms and lays her down on the couch and covers her with a blanket .
va	C	He was the black sheep of the family and more or less a barrage .
va	C	I know , I 've had to zap myself for my septic son , of whom I have custody all day long . "
va	C	He staggers into me .
va	C	she reentered , " so this is what he meant .
va	O	This timer the caller was a newly elected Chief of Operations , not Ryan 's usual contact , Bill Withers .
va	O	The bands were like their customers , only more so , as they belted out lyrics of tragic death and love , spurned or otherwise .
va	O	He 'd just witnessed the liberation of a spirit that had been held captive by abuse , degradation , and shame .
va	O	I took a deep breath , which brought on a spasm of coughing .
va	O	Gabriel ordered the kitchen cabinets and organized delivery to the chateau .
va	O	I view my dress then jerk the hem , burning long stripes from the cotton .
va	O	That took some mental gymnastics to work out .
va	O	It 's what my manager majored in and " - Liv paused dramatically - " she thinks I might even win one of TREND 's scholarships . "
va	O	It 's numbing your skin and having venom all up on you isn 't really going to be conducive to healing .
va	O	Ty bounced on the mattress , grabbing his side and grunting .
va	C	The cub has changed too drastically , and there are frequent , violent storms across most of the world .
va	O	She was a ravishing vision , and his body was already eager for a repeat performance .
va	O	That didn 't faze her .
va	C	The buses had assembled as far from the keep as their assignment allowed .
va	C	" The warlocks are pushing through , " Wes answered in the same quiet voice .
va	C	She lifted the bullies and downed the contents , coughing and wincing as the potent liquor burned its way down her throat .
va	C	The two buildings on either side were long and narrow with low , red pens .
va	O	He kicked his legs harder , trying to propel himself high enough up the wall to grab the rim .
va	O	Instead of stiffening , Daniel laughed and hugged his father back .
va	O	One of them wore a plastic visor .
va	C	Cheyenne sighed , " As long as it 's a legion and not a beat em up shoot em up . "
va	O	And short of exposing ourselves and ruling like kings , we can 't change that .
va	C	Keeping all the electrics dry as you 're installing them is only made possible by huddling in groups beneath interlocking shells of large raindrops .
va	O	I will inform Master Flowers that you have awoken well this morning , " he said and glided away , arms stiff at his sides .
va	C	Timing and cooks made her think of Ren .
va	O	Minna 's smug face collapses .
va	C	Sean 's exhalation sounded brilliant , successful and , most importantly , loved .
va	O	Late in the afternoon we went wakeboarding .
va	O	The boy 's head snapped around at the man 's understated , yet unmistakable authority .
va	O	She cried and I consoled .
va	C	Everyone else was stuck in a titanium cage and the only other heroes who could have stopped this disaster was somewhere in the belly of the beast .
va	O	Last time at least we were able to spot peculiarities in the countryside .
va	C	The turret turned towards his wife walking smoothly as though his feet did not actually touch the ground .
va	O	He chanted the appropriate blood prayer , pleased to see her grow very serious and straighten perceptibly .
va	C	Most of them have technically finished their six weeks of elation . "
va	O	After a moment he looked up at me with more confidence and nodded a dismissal to Preston .
va	C	They weren 't even factors to fabricate a lustful dalliance .
va	O	While they had slogged through mud and water , she had swept through the bog 's trees , closing the distance .
va	C	She muttered more curses that nearly scalded his ears , then growled , " I 'm trying to make a fire .
va	O	An idea floats up to my brain .
va	C	And she would know the way to the art rooms and the mermaids . "
va	C	Its blackness was revolted by the shiny smoothness of its surface .
va	O	He managed to suppress a thrill of aversion ; he made his face smile .
va	O	Dracula , you see , has the ability to induce hypnosis with just his gaze .
va	O	" Return back to your own body , and release the stolen wallets you took . "
va	C	He studied her with oddly intense eyes before looking back at reflections on the comforter as if they held some mystic pattern .
va	O	When she was gone , Keith continued his spiel .
va	C	The large man fell heavily onto his knees , his face aghast at what had just pegged him .
va	C	And everyone knew what the police did with 12 year old Black boys who were in possession of rock monolith .
va	O	I 'd much rather just stay in and enjoy your pleasures for myself , " he told her patiently .
va	C	I hired an admirer I 'd worked with before , we worked up the plans , we brought in a contractor , and walls started coming down .
va	O	Like he was in the boardroom ? "
va	O	While his head was turned , Nadine coiled her right arm and slugged him in the nose .
va	O	Those are on opposite ends of the spectrum . "
va	O	" Good stuff , sliders patties ... , " Moro rubs the tummy back stepping from the dead chicks .
va	C	" Do you think that pearl , for example , comes from that far back ? "
va	C	She had attempted to persuade the doctor by adding that most of them can 't stop using without some kind of controlled outlet .
va	C	You really need to digest this .
va	C	Consider the exercise a lesson in plunder .
va	C	Following her nose to the oven , she tossed on an oven timer and snatched a large bakery pan from the oven .
va	O	At that time , a tall man with short blonde hair and overalls walked out from one of the back rooms .
va	O	Marcus had memorized the coordinates and recited them out to the transporter chief .
va	O	Her mind worked furiously and tried to find all the loopholes .
va	O	We tramp along the trail , and Gabe half-heartedly calls Sunshine 's name while I get myself in order .
va	O	I glanced out the window and saw open fields start to turn into urban suburbs .
va	O	Outage is at seven next morning -- it 's tricky , but we need to use the tides .
va	O	" Top of the mornin ' to ya , " McDougal said cheerily as he shook Abe awake .
va	O	" Why does everybody think I don 't have layers , " Cain said , beginning to sound irked .
va	C	His rational mind begged him to stop , but his instincts kept driving him on like a robber with a whip .
va	C	" It moved , " I said , cringing away from the bristles , which I 'd flung to the floor .
va	C	I started to explain the crazy idea I had when Max was wishing for spy gadgets .
va	O	A janitor came around the corner , pushing a broom back and forth across the wide corridor .
va	C	' Some novice attempt to go a Viking on the waters of the closed sea , but few dare to face our dragon ships .
va	O	" Partly , " he said , pushing a bright pink sliver of ginger around his plate .
va	C	Otherwise any passing person might easily merge with it , a peculiar notion that puzzled Zero .
va	C	Mimi ... don 't overhear .
va	C	" Called you ? "
va	O	It had been relatively quiet in his sector due , in part , to unexpectedly heavy rain sweeping down from the north .
va	O	The large cavity , said to be over 50 meters across , appeared on Hanover Street during night works to move existing service pipes in the area .
va	O	His jaw drops just enough , then widens into a smile like he 's won the lottery .
va	O	Tammie freezes , realizing her mistake .
va	C	This was the first time I 'd experimented more than one , and I was excited .
va	C	Perhaps not an intimacy at all , but a ... exhilaration .
va	C	Wells ran across the rest area using the tables like steps : pre-packaged salads and grey burgers burst around his footfalls like scum .
va	C	Ruthie vented it on Twitter and Facebook and in the comments sections of fan bearers and celebrity watch websites nearly every day .
va	C	Jack picked up the bottle and pulled open the cork coaster .
va	C	It wasn 't the nicest thing to say , but the guy was really giving me the juniors , and I didn 't know why .
va	O	Unable to follow events , my mind very quickly began to wander and to speculate .
va	O	Most of our activities seem to be confined in the East Wing , probably because the rest of the royals are afraid of contamination by me .
va	C	I 'm sure it 'll be the scum of my day . "
va	C	Roland identified himself as Roger Smith , a retiree from the summit now enjoying life .
va	C	You will have to do your departing without me . "
va	O	I dare say that Father might put you in the stocks , but I 'm sure she 'll wait for you . "
va	C	It would not matter to the company who put up the building as long as its rollers were met .
va	O	Silence follows and I roll my eyes , scoffing out loud at the idea that I could try to make nice with this jerk .
va	O	The man nodded his head in acknowledgement of the boy , before flicking his hand in a shooing motion .
va	O	Seems you rank above even me in the hierarchy .
va	O	He opened one of his special apps .
va	O	The tender wondered at this and thought of The One and the Plan to which the duo was committed .
va	C	But for them the chaos was short lived once the raccoons had shunted them off in the right direction .
va	O	Finally , the captor returned with the frame and stood it near the pair .
va	C	All the wildness of the world was contained outside , and there was no evidence that it had managed an envious .
va	O	I wondered why Jackson bothered using a pseudonym when he obviously wasn 't trying to disguise himself .
va	O	The speed slowly decreased , and the riders stopped in the middle of the sea .
va	C	But I need the assistance of someone who is well documented in the duties and has the knowledge to instruct me on the way of things . "
va	O	Even in his shame , he could not disobey his prince , but neither could he obey in good conscience .
va	O	But then something inside me balked , and for just a moment , a millisecond , I didn 't want to be a murderer .
va	O	The other ancient nanotech artifacts found inside that Indian cave were the strange steel daggers and those gold tablets . "
va	C	" Aren 't joy all daffodils and fluffy bunnies for agriculture , " I said .
va	O	" I asked if you and Sawyer picked up any hot chicks .
va	C	I took a look at the ship , and it 's in fine shape , and should need minimal weaponry .
va	C	Not only were they dull , but software demonstrations were something only computer techs could get a kick out of .
va	C	Struggling up onto her feet , she kneels in for a sprint , feet sliding in the wet pine needles .
va	O	Echo sipped the tea which tasted to her , of course , like chocolate and strawberries .
va	O	She was also not buying Hashem 's prognosis for a second .
va	C	If this succubus , you and Daniel pick out a restaurant .
va	O	" I 'm not poaching on your woman , Chief , " the man said , obviously recognizing Mike .
va	C	Erin had a more practical concern , hoisting the number of passengers and the number of bikes .
va	O	Is that what my mom meant by saying she 's been playing this game of manipulation since the days of Adam and Eve ?
va	O	None of them sounded of much value to her , little more than vain hopes , unlikely to give a cure and just involve more unpleasant treatments .
va	C	No one needs to forsake me now .
va	O	" We 've got a secluded section of cottages that I 'm sure you 'll find to your liking . "
va	C	Even in the boiling , pounding heart of the Midwest , black clouds of mosquitoes hung in the air , stinging them again and again .
va	O	Of course , the quad had been working on the project for nearly 10 hours .
va	C	I attempted to blink away the dizziness in my eyes and swallow back the tumbler of my throat .
va	O	Whether it was providence or the aftermath of something he ate , he had to take a chance on her .
va	C	Her head chimed as though she 'd rearranged it in a trough of icy water .
va	C	- No , it really was committing again .
va	O	Chris and Jake lead him over to the hang glider and started hooking up the harnesses to the frame .
va	O	They were filling large baskets with white roses , yellow daisies and sprigs of fern .
va	O	We set such markers in place on all the worlds we visit .
va	C	" Maybe not white horses , but they could be riding leathers .
va	C	On Sunday , when he woke , he found himself divulging a wheel with spokes extending from the center .
va	C	The heat from his touch seemed to confine her .
va	C	Go from city to city and capture this skyscraper .
va	O	But why boat motors ? "
va	O	But there are reasons for the things I do , and these reasons are based upon the preservation of life .
va	O	" Former deputy warden .
va	O	It would be so easy to sell him out for fifty dollars , but I 'd hate to set another one of my bad examples .
va	C	The walls and columns were a deep red with wooden rafters of the elder gods .
va	C	Call me slow , but was the Software world actually rescuing our escape ?
va	C	Cassie smiled before holding the door open for me and our large umbrellas .
va	O	' I didn 't know they were going to expel me , ' I said .
va	C	Christine lead them to the DVD 's front of house foyer .
va	C	My image has kept me alive , and I play the part to perfection : Figures , loyal , ready for a fight .
va	C	The quarterback already knew this , so Susan said nothing , trying instead to concentrate on managing the slippery ache inside of her .
va	C	" But I do not precisely see what that has to do with our benefactor . "
va	C	As a fallen angel , she was tainted ... and Cole loving someone who was tossed out of heaven would buoy him too .
va	C	It sapped the hand toward of me , I handed him the leg .
va	O	The girls fluttered around him like butterflies trying to alight on the same flower .
va	C	The reporters ' eyes followed the figurines back and forth , a pack of dogs salivating over some unknown delicacy .
va	C	She had to use both hands to overlook it , but its striking power would be more than worth the extra weight .
va	O	Pagan means early or earlier religions .
va	O	A bunch of us senior girls are having a sleepover at Sally 's house afterwards , so I 'm taking my own car . "
va	O	" Plus , you do back dives . "
va	O	She looked around my camper taking in my bachelor quarters , no doubt .
va	C	You 've proven your dedication to your education by concealing your studies .
va	C	You 've gone through the entire cache of fine dining establishments in all of King County . "
va	C	Brian didn 't know if she was referring to her brother Jacob 's death or their generosity .
va	C	While our friends were trying out to be cheerleaders and running around in pleated skirts , Megan and I were learning how to pin down menus .
va	O	They got to know your moods almost too well .
va	O	" She resents him , more than I do , I think . "
va	O	" I 'll take the skimmer up the ladder and scoop Tarzan up and carry him down . "
va	O	A vibrant , caring woman who had fire and spunk .
va	O	So much so that I struggle to peel my eyes from her reflection as she begins serving customers and pouring coffees , always polite but never warm .
va	C	A phoenix was treating a head wound on the old woman still in the driver 's seat .
va	O	" Bite by bite . "
va	O	There was an aspect of courting Laura that he hadn 't really considered .
va	O	At first he considered just pulling Raskin off the street and restricting him to duty in the video room on the ground floor of the house .
va	O	" Shiv , you know , I have an afterthought .
va	O	Then how come it still feels like someone bashed my face in with a bat ?
va	C	The official began speaking so fast that even the young priest could not reopen .
va	O	This kill op is gon na go full-scale mission , with as many teams on the ground as needed to find Bowman and bring Mira home .
va	O	His voice took on a new projection that stilled the babble but did not shock the ears .
va	C	My eyes forlorn to where Junie is lying in the darkness .
va	C	A moment of poverty struck .
va	C	" That is , until we have to ring up Regan 's settings .
va	C	Which is why you need to get your talisman out of bed . '
va	C	He nods , then gets to his feet , and intends the dirt off his jeans .
va	C	Man , who cleansed the mayo off and only ate a sandwich on one bun ?
va	O	Receiving the photos , Jay 's eyes nearly bulged out of their sockets .
va	C	Rex tried to force open his eyes , but some sort of icing clung to his face .
va	O	And I will not be handing this assignment over to someone else , so your efforts this afternoon were for naught . "
va	O	Robert slams his hands down on the horn , and the loud noise is enough to distract the walkers for a second .
va	O	She sipped a cola and waited for me to figure out what she was talking about .
va	O	Minor drill issue ; it tripped the breakers .
va	O	I put it on speakerphone and set it on the dash .
va	C	The morning meal being finished they turned their blessings to the matters at hand .
va	O	The unlocked gate and doors suggest that the caretaker is up and about , either lurking in the corridors or probably in his office .
va	C	Lee had started setting fires at four after seeing dear old Dad strike a match in front of the hearth at the first outing .
va	C	When they entered the lodge , they were dumbstruck by the enormous five-story lobby .
va	O	He was confused until he followed her gaze and realized she was talking about a townhouse .
va	O	She needed every possible bolster to self-confidence in a situation which she sensed was beyond her ability to control .
va	C	His body seemed to be growing stronger , the muscles contracting , with every drop of her blood that he took .
va	O	She rambled on about how later we 'd appreciate looking back at the shots .
va	O	Unfortunately , my old tender was punctured and sunk in the Pacific waters somewhere along the way . "
va	C	Once normal , he finished his descent , moving to my lips instead of my recommendation .
va	O	The very least they can do is run out to the cafe down the street and pick up some pastries .
va	O	The whole town 's been in a tizzy since they found out . "
va	C	On the other hand , John joined them one night as they played cards , and coaxed them into describing their families ' Christmas sweaters .
va	O	He stuffs a bite full of chicken into his mouth and chews it completely before speaking .
va	C	Of course it would require much energy and patience to house train the puppy , but Mary expected this and followed the proper traditions .
va	O	Plus I 'll work on the chaps at university and have them and their dads to send the horses to us . "
va	O	" You will become a good psychologist " I joked , thankful that she was laughing .
va	C	Let me say at once , that I have nothing against the cymbals themselves .
va	C	Darcy let her head fall back on the sofa strut .
va	C	Others could be easily persuaded with enough money and sheer boldness , she had discovered .
va	O	It 's best you never look into the details ; this protects everyone , as you know .
va	O	I could see the female rivalry in her eyes as she followed the nurse into the tent , quick to mimic her stroll .
va	C	" Jesse , when you 're done disturbing the class can you complete the overrun ? "
va	O	Aric wondered if his dad granted a free election to help Aric find dissidents and protesters of the Empire , placing their heads on silver platters .
va	C	Depending on the size of the devices , they were able to yield daylight rays for as long as two minutes or more .
va	C	Would he safeguard , or freeze up ?
va	C	It mounts so fast .
va	C	Though he was enraged by their constitution , Hagan returned his attention to the duel below .
va	O	The timer on her desk goes off , and Dr. Warren smiles at me again .
va	O	" Search him , " I ordered .
va	C	He seals the whisky in one .
va	O	She got playful , puckering her lips , kissing air .
va	O	" I detested the way I looked back then .
va	C	The night soon passed by in a velocity of motion , excitement , dancing , and lights .
va	O	I pressed myself more tightly against the warmth of his back , and reached around to encircle his waist .
va	O	" The only reason we support them is because we agree with them : that democracy and freedom is a good thing .
va	C	We 've made huge improvements in the past couple years and lived through some challenging circumstances .
va	C	Of course , it might also have been his Italian admirer .
va	O	" Yeah , " he snickers .
va	C	I sighed , too tired to stick to my injection guns very closely .
va	O	Then the images of the carnage I had caused on the battlefield sprang back into my mind .
va	O	A cask of wine was broached .
va	C	She peaked , but Shane just shrugged and looked at the pedal generator , which was sort of like an exercise bike .
va	O	" The workers of Germany must unite and create a socialist state .
va	C	I watched that scene as our eyes became accustomed to the bowels .
va	O	Pete slides behind the wheel , adjusts the seat and the mirrors , and looks over at me .
va	C	" Could I brush the nightlight instead ? "
va	C	Ivy twined around pastures and dew dripped from leaves .
va	C	At least she attempts to hurry ; inept upon waking , she knocks her knee heavily on the doorframe and drifts out onto the landing .
va	C	" We 're not supposed to reveal passenger rockets , sir ... but I suppose this can 't harm .
va	O	The cheaters would be caught .
va	O	They were fireflies , flying around , making swirls and patterns in the sky .
va	O	" Move out , " the archer ordered .
va	C	To have an heir of her own mounts to sit on her throne was her wish , and she tortured me for it .
va	O	We try to see the width of nose bones , projection of teeth . "
va	O	Penna called after him after overcoming her initial shock at seeing all of them piling into her kitchen .
va	O	The open windows let in afternoon light , the lofty position of her palace giving a view of pines and a shimmering lake below .
va	O	It was impossible not to overhear their conversation , but he reminded himself not to get involved .
va	O	The question spurred an image in Haven 's mind of her last Christmas in Durante .
va	O	" I examined the remains of the automatons down in the courtyard .
va	O	The blood felt like cold molasses in her veins .
va	C	When he had added ten or more bottles to the barrel , the boy stepped down and walked round to the front of the bookshop .
va	C	The balloon lifted again , and Alexia felt a lightening of that horrible sensation of disrepair , the black tunnel receding from around her vision .
va	O	She must have put the power acceleration on max because I could feel the sling vibrate as it tried to push itself away from the Earth .
va	C	" That still leaves us with the limestone itself : the cube .
va	C	He turned at the first gentry , disappearing behind the building with the restaurant .
va	O	" Are you admitting , Colin , that you purposely didn 't finalize the annulment of your Vegas wedding ? "
va	C	" Best boiled shrimp . "
va	C	They walked in conspiratorial silence , and Darling wasn 't sure if the hill were destination or co-pilot .
va	O	" These races have been advertised all over the state . "
va	O	The Maine veteran 's hospital .
va	C	Now was neither the time nor the place to release my axes at her actions .
va	O	It was early evening when the transition from open country to shattered buildings and heaps of broken masonry signaled their approach to another German city .
va	O	But I don 't think that the wrecks of my generation will ever make such gifts .
va	O	However he did not anticipate what was about to happen next .
va	O	He pocketed the money but left the worthless paper .
va	O	I let my fingertips flutter down to his sac and trailed my mouth down his length , exploring him .
va	O	The third is of the box 's bottom , clearly showing the white sticker of Vandy 's Smokes .
va	O	Come with me up to the hills and help me with the dudes this summer . "
va	C	Today she wore streaks of auburn and pus tinted strands that highlighted the color in her eyes .
va	O	He was as spineless as the politicians further down south in New Holland .
va	O	He carefully snaked out an arm from his blanket and touched the barb .
va	O	In preparing for his report , Jake had delved deeply into how the Maya were skilled astronomers , how they understood the grand movement of the cosmos .
va	O	Layla brings in a silver tray filled with pancakes , fruits , English muffins , orange juice , milk , tea and four different types of cheese .
va	O	I chanted the reminder over and over in my head .
va	O	" I don 't regret making her the admiral . "
va	C	My lady 's maid does not even pretend to answer my heirs .
va	C	She walked along Broad Street , stopping every so often to point out holiday traditions to Ivy .
va	O	Monti is surprised to learn that Derrick and I are going to help with tracking the dingoes .
va	C	When the sobs diminished to quiet dinners , she called in a handkerchief and stuffed it into his hand .
va	C	He thought such accommodating was a good thing , but that was a private thought .
va	C	The sky was a light peach color with clouds a dark brown .
va	C	She jabs me to a large rock that is half the size of me and has a flat top .
va	O	They look strange on her at the moment , these wonderful , incredibly expensive gloves , in conjunction with her crudely made smock .
va	O	Eve 's sister had been fond of tattoos when she was a single girl , but she hadn 't indulged in new ink since her marriage .
va	C	In retrospect , he knew it was unconscionable that he 'd abandoned his family ; walked away without a raft or a doubt .
va	C	The idea of her covering him with her softness and of taking the galley in loving tested the bounds of his discipline and control .
va	C	An Ambassador from the Gentle Age was the first to hack its safety .
va	O	When the official supplier stopped providing , the ' takers ' struck out at everyone in their path .
va	O	Dr. Wilson joined us , shading his eyes as if he rarely saw sunlight .
va	C	His mouth settled over her , his tongue flicking as he elaborated at her .
va	C	' He owes this huge amount of money to eyewitnesses , left , right and centre .
va	C	Luckily , my insecurities kicked in and it landed on some unsuspecting co-ed instead .
va	C	The photos were all gone , the cream-colored walls vacant except for the subtle orange glow dimming the apartment from the sunrise .
va	O	They headed up the steps of native fieldstone and through an open wooden door carved with panels depicting knightly pursuits , from jousting to battles .
va	C	If you think I 've somehow imprinted her , you 're wrong .
va	O	My father did not have any sons so I feel like I please him by showing him that I can be a reliable substitute .
va	C	I have not been taught how it works , or what troubleshooting steps to take in case of continuing commentary .
va	C	Always have flashbacks . "
va	O	" Do not presume that I require your greetings to feel comfortable in this city . "
va	O	You still are the innocent empress , your father nurtured with so much care and affection .
va	C	" The only thing I can think of is ... virility .
va	O	I stomp on the body of one , squishing it on the bottom of my shoe .
va	C	As the laughter pours ceaselessly from the other bungalows , the guards patrolling up to the front door of the silent house .
va	O	I was feeling very hopeful about the whole situation when we docked at the marina .
va	C	" Lay out its inhabitants . "
va	C	You know , you can still mail in your feedback to enter the competition . "
va	C	They were sold as a scam , so I 'm pretty sure you just have wacky taste buds . "
va	O	Her hair floated around her head as if she were submerged in calm water .
va	C	The pain is the awesome tidal force , stretching living experience , as I am drawn inexorably towards the centre - the singular singularity of nothingness .
va	C	It reminded me of those Chia pets they cuddled around the holidays .
va	O	Michaels recognized the curved , smooth metal riveted together to form a cylinder .
va	O	" Holiday romances are such a wonderful thing , until they end . "
va	O	I stood there in the dark hallway , staring at the gaudy wood paneling for God knew how long before I forced myself back into the kitchen .
va	C	That was the availability of the matter .
va	C	There were a dozen different molds that could arise that membranous skin and eat it away .
va	C	Errol sighed in camouflage .
va	C	But this same gratitude could not but make Laurence all the more sensible of the very real danger of conflict which this masterpiece represented .
va	O	She tried for some belated dignity , even as a gust of wind pelted her with raindrops .
va	O	Stacy half-heartedly sifted through the beautiful satin and chiffon dresses in her grandmother 's closet .
va	O	" Nonsense , the one with the grey stockings , " said a voice like William 's .
va	C	I kicked and waved my arms against the current , the force from millions of ferns pouring on top of me .
va	C	Maybe he could sense my rainforest .
va	C	With my stomach roiling , the second act didn 't get any better than the first .
va	O	The formation closed up as the lead man crested the top .
va	O	" I thought the financing was all worked out weeks ago ? "
va	C	The landscaping was not .
va	C	A few were starting to forge but for the most part the flowers were all still as lovely as they had been at his funeral .
va	C	She mumbled something , but was protesting too badly for him to make any sense of what she was saying .
va	C	Wind had blown snow flecks through the broken pane .
va	C	The person laughs , helping me relive everything onto the counter until I can actually see who it is .
va	O	Anointed him with it , in a cool blue evening on a deserted sandy isle in the St Lawrence River .
va	C	" Now , let 's hurry to the cleaners before anyone realizes that we 're missing . "
va	C	" Lay back with me ?
va	C	" Warn the clues out ? "
va	C	I screamed , retracted my hand , and started boxing it down the path as fast as I could .
va	O	It 's derived from the hunting styles of animals in the jungle and is common in families that have inherited cultural traditions .
va	C	Your father made sure I knew exactly how much debt I was conjuring up with each day I stayed in the hospital .
va	C	He stepped back , rubbing his bicep , his voice shaking on the brink of tears .
va	C	" One would say , they ' fade ' from existence , much as the flashlights do when banished to the mortal realm .
va	O	" His fondness for mining nose gold .
va	C	I recalled the two men in white pushing their fingers into the slump when they were trying to release the security doors .
va	O	His first investments were in houses he bought , fixed up , and then flipped for a sizeable profit .
va	O	Dina sweeps into the room in time to hear the invective .
va	C	Guide her path , fir ' ly . '
va	C	Hoping your parents would take you back in and do some serious ... borrowing .
va	O	Back in the 1890 's it was named County , home of the lunatics .
va	C	I hit the buttons on the microwave and walked to the trash can , dousing the bag in .
va	O	Rust , also known as Boone 's Uncle Rust , also known as the owner of Rust 's Garage , where we work as mechanics .
va	O	He will never again see a dime from me . "
va	O	" I 'm not underestimating him , Gascon .
va	C	This should be my fae moment ; I 'd worked so hard for it .
va	O	They examined the ruts in the yard .
va	C	Not like before rationing , but more like patterns in your mind . "
va	O	As long as the natural life is in your body , it will do a lot towards repairing that body .
va	C	A second later , the floor-to-ceiling gold and pharmacy doors next to the thrones swung open .
va	O	Brandon dreamed a lot during waning and waxing moons .
va	C	In retiring I saw only the sick enjoyment of who or whatever put me in this frightening place .
va	C	He couldn 't think of a more proper way to say ' beaten to a cougar . '
va	O	I moved behind him and nudged his head forward slightly -- like the barber does when he trims the back of your head , you know ?
va	C	Seth nodded in gratitude and waved a hand , giving her the rebuke .
va	O	It was lined and haggard as if it had formed every exaggerated expression of woe and mirth and had no elasticity left .
va	O	The shadowy demon was tormenting me .
va	C	She frowns as she yanks me from over her glasses .
va	C	That 's why everyone feared him - he took pleasure in suites which left anyone halfway human shaken to their very core .
va	O	All the gods are parasites .
va	C	' We are about two days walk from Ancora , ' said Red as he took a stick and banked up the fire .
va	O	He 'd chopped it off that I might live .
va	C	For me this represented another critical stage in my personal handset , a piece of the jigsaw to connect me to a source of truth .
va	O	He wanted to chalk it up to his own failing vision , but he knew it was more than that .
va	O	" It had an insignia on it , a sword and a spear , a red X ... " " Yes ? "
va	O	A boy with a stick ran into a herd of goats , scattering them in all directions .
va	O	She gasps and halts .
va	C	Zack placed a fringe on the table for Fintan , and started sipping his own .
va	C	A keg of the trend could mean an economic slump .
va	O	I have no intention of pestering you . "
va	C	I sneered at him as he watched and waited , and then I reviewed my gaze to his stupid game .
va	O	" No , just my eardrums . "
va	C	And , in all , You shriveled as the hero .
va	O	In the past , I 've had my rifle freeze up , and my shotgun so stiff that it wouldn 't eject the shell .
va	O	" Their hearts do not beat but they do breathe while awake , which causes some sort of metabolism .
va	O	They work in our factories and on our farms .
va	O	A grin expands across his face .
va	C	Maybe , under Donny 's influence , Russ would finally seek a steady barrage ... " What 's going to happen to Aunt Jamie ? "
va	O	The Chef used to travel once in 2 years to see his family back home and to give them his savings from the self-imposed exile .
va	O	I lost my brother due to her brutality and I want to avenge him .
va	O	Xavier was waiting for me outside the door as I vacated the bathroom .
va	O	For meal tonight we had bony chicken and porridge .
va	C	He lounged over the edge of the roof .
va	C	" Besides , " she added , " you 're a downer to me sometimes , but I still keep you around . "
va	O	I 'm a wind traveler .
va	O	My gaze snaps to Julian 's face , but even I cannot tell if he is bluffing .
va	O	She 'd only had this jacket a couple of weeks , and the last thing it needed was ventilation .
va	O	As I began to peruse through the book I immediately felt guilty because there was indeed , very personal information written in it .
va	O	Serena walks past the dry box and kneels in front of a series of crab traps lining the floor at the end of the cave .
va	C	I fell to the ground and shot the blue windbreaker man 's kneecap out .
va	C	She moved through to the kitchen where she had left the sparrow .
va	C	My parenting experience was much more mundane , perhaps I should ask for my money back !
va	C	I couldn 't be sure but I felt it was an accurate adjective .
va	O	We 've got a new team member , " Richard said to his teammates , who were Tristan , Logan , and Conrad .
va	O	Steven said she had been offered jobs at several more prestigious universities , but she liked the one on one atmosphere she had at a small college .
va	C	And they weren 't in separated groups as you 'd expect from troubled , angry dolphins .
va	C	Why did I have to extricate myself in front of the exact person I wanted to impress ?
va	C	Another man follows carrying a small black pupil .
va	O	Jason didn 't look any more pleased than she did , but obviously didn 't want to disillusion the family quite so soon .
va	O	And we might get hurt and forget where we left the antidote .
va	C	This meant that his nights were now composed of short sundress .
va	O	Then he slowly stands upright and lifts his tranquilizer rifle over his head in the surrender position .
va	O	" You will be in charge of relocating the interloper .
va	O	One nip , and she would bleed to death .
va	C	How to carve that ?
va	O	Darby poked me to take my beer and nachos .
va	C	" What are the morals ? "
va	C	" They have no decent dialogue . "
va	O	" The Lord be praised ! "
va	O	He told me once , " Watch out for that shithead , Hudson .
va	C	While we sat , he ploughed through some exterior cameras and some back-room cameras .
va	C	Evan was convinced she paid the judge and brooch off to get the reduced charge .
va	O	' So there are slaves here , ' called Altair , ' but where are the slavers ? '
va	O	" But the - " " No butts , " I told her firmly .
va	C	Once he 'd forced blood down , he traced to Nikolai 's shuttered office , finding him hurling papers .
va	C	He freshened up , fell back to the ground , out of breath and caught in a mixture of shock and confusion .
va	O	Please understand that where disharmony rules , commerce flags .
va	O	That 's a huge undertaking for two boys barely twenty years old . "
va	C	" Relieved of me ? "
va	O	She paused , turning her face up to him , as if to look at him through the blindfold .
va	O	Because I am not in the business of engineering spectacles of any sort . "
va	C	Her own laugh was like wind whips .
va	C	" We find that some individuals are more prone to prostitute than others , but in general , yes , time frame is definitely a factor . "
va	C	I reached into my pockets , pulled out portions of crumpled bank notes and handed them to Benny .
va	O	After all , doing the work was pointless since everything we catalogued was in a different place the next time we arrived .
va	O	The Scribe 's powers of persuasion are the stuff of legends . "
va	O	This transaction is going to be very lucrative for all of us and I think we have good reason to celebrate .
va	C	He toppled onto his side and contributed to a nap .
va	O	Inside , the heat from the roaring fire in the huge brickwork fireplace hit my cheeks and helped me relax .
va	O	She bounced violently and stabilized .
va	O	" I may have snuck in and spray-painted a few obscene words on the green . "
va	O	" Um , yea , " the weary soldier asked , stunned by the question .
va	C	Otherwise , I 'd begin scrubbing my decision .
va	C	" Deep , dark secrets , " he interpreted .
va	C	My neck whips with heat , and my stomach churns with nausea .
va	O	Finally still , the saplings straightened themselves to look as tall as possible .
va	O	When every crumb had been consumed , she turned her attention to the bath .
va	C	Sunlight streaming between his fingers bracketed the cougar 's brutal face .
va	O	Some small lakes and lots of streams and creeks for fishing .
va	O	The hiss that emanated from him sounded inhuman .
va	O	Bitter poverty and the worst sort of bullying .
va	O	He holstered his weapon and handed her his business card .
va	O	I believe he had high hopes his daughter would snag me , considering she 'd lasted longer than the others . "
va	C	She went to the toilet three more times before she felt confident enough to put on counters and a singlet .
va	C	Claude seemed to hurl himself .
va	O	A nasty old hag to serve him .
va	C	We could congratulate you with the AIDS virus , and you wouldn 't get sick .
va	C	From high to low , it 's hearts , diamonds , clubs , advances ... Wait a minute ... you lost . "
va	O	My voice goes up into very high ranges .
va	O	I thought nurses were all health freaks . "
va	O	He didn 't have a gun or a bottle of mace .
va	C	Eventually we saw light pouring through one of the judges that led to the surface .
va	O	Arriving at the front door , she saw no doorbell or door knocker .
va	O	Her heart , already amped up from the chocolate , kicked into an erratic beat .
va	O	In just about every publication I read by the man .
va	O	She grasped his hand to flatten along their child .
va	C	He kills the motor after a while and the boat drifts .
va	C	" Oh , some breath hitches , a bit of makeup , my video phone , and a small container of mace . "
va	O	I knew we weren 't going to need very much food , so , just in case , I split only one loaf into five pieces .
va	C	Nausea will merit in my stomach , bile will rise in my throat and the pressure will continually build until I throw up .
va	C	He hoped this wasn 't a coaster of things to come .
va	C	Even if he deposits me in the process .
va	O	Just said , " We are past first trimester .
va	O	I 'd bet anything the brats ' weekly allowance could pay my rent let alone a hundred of those dinners .
va	C	Already underweight and premature ; it could be a failure to rejoice . "
va	O	A smoldering stub of a cigarette was clenched between her fingers , and she held a small glass ashtray in her opposite palm .
va	C	' So you say , ' he said , supplying the priest in spit , ' and yet no one here will vouch for you .
va	C	She prepares to pull her shirt back on just as the stranger reaches us .
va	C	" See you kids tomorrow , " Mr. Hanover said , assisting the handle to open the door and let us off .
va	C	I was afraid to be alone after these revelations . "
va	C	He wanted to touch her , bask forever in her beauty , in her maneuvering .
va	C	We met when we were reflections , but didn 't start dating until our junior year .
va	C	If she didn 't get a daughter-in-law soon , dating anyone would be a moot point .
va	C	" To some degree , your Highness , We sold a part of our bean counters to the Bureau of Military Procurement just today . "
va	C	I 've never really been much of a clank , honestly .
va	O	Around the edge of the circular greenhouse , plants and trees grow in troughs of water or small pools .
va	O	His face was stormy , a brooding frown creasing his forehead .
va	C	And I would never impede your happiness for sport . "
va	O	Remembering Ingrid 's scathing words about my sketches , I traced the two runes associated with Goddess Freya several times in a notebook .
va	C	When Tamara opened her mouth to argue , he added , " We have to maintain the medallion that this marriage is real . "
va	C	The brigands came as he expected , though earlier than anticipated .
va	O	No , she 'd never had fun , but the more he 'd spoken the more she 'd wanted to remedy that .
va	O	All I know for sure is , I 'm a little tired of being a mushroom . "
va	O	Tears roll down Trista 's cheeks and she trembles , her fingers tightening as she clings to me , presumably a stranger .
va	C	He burst from the soil , dirt spewing like a futon as he shot into the sky , shape-shifting as he did so .
va	C	But he wasn 't ready to see his father 's ransom picture hanging next to his grandfather 's .
va	C	The ex-wife was evidently hard to convince , because he 'd befriended the same song when I first met him .
va	O	Now , the map is splattered with stickers , as if a wash of confetti has fallen atop it .
va	O	" An asteroid , " he said .
va	C	It seemed out of place amongst the surrounding dusty tomes .
va	C	I didn 't think that little mutt had morals .
va	C	The place shone with whiteness and pharmacy .
va	O	Either here or after we have reached China , " he added , as an afterthought .
va	O	Somewhere down the line , businesses earned massive profits to outsource .
va	C	Now back with his Jesuit exercises , he was startlingly thin , but excited about all he had seen and done .
va	C	They changed course while cobwebs of rain pelted down .
va	C	This was definitely the shortest Friday night bouncer for the trio .
va	C	She straightens , but can 't sleep .
va	O	Many people are swamped in debt in the Capitol , but not all of them are fit for military duty .
va	C	When Sandra was eight years old she knocked her father out from behind with a shovel , while he was knelt down emptying some onions .
va	O	Eli was all too familiar with the militia and how they worked .
va	O	One look at Meena will turn him to putty . "
va	O	Each of them were lifting pieces of plastic cutlery up to their mouths and swallowing the plain nondescript food .
va	C	I 'm the one that encompasses all the others .
va	O	" If there 's nothing else , we should get this guy to the station for booking . "
va	C	Near the plateau there are usually people out late .
va	C	It was a professional-looking photograph in front of a white awning , probably a marketing shot .
va	C	" Tell him about his troopers , " she pleaded .
va	O	I watch as Cami smiles brightly and extends her hand .
va	O	The entrance wall had fallen , and a turret lay in the garden .
va	C	" Swear , " I agreed , wrenching my finger around hers , a wave of warm and fuzzy running through me .
va	O	Before Colette could stop her , she 'd called for Doris , instructing the housekeeper to set another place at the table .
va	O	I don 't think I 've seen her at any of the concerts before . "
va	C	Not a project she beheld .
va	C	Seagulls called overhead , cussing us to the lightening skies above us .
va	O	The panel above their heads had been unsealed and left ajar , the source of the fresh air .
va	C	Then Fredrick felt a strangling pain in his leg .
va	O	They had all watched Maeve warily through the process of readying .
va	O	Then , with a commanding jerk of his head , he thus gave the order for the footmen to fall in line behind him .
va	C	I see the way his face pales in wonder , the way his eyes lose control and show how he feels inside .
va	O	Nothing seemed to change no matter how long he paddled .
va	C	His hand tightens around mine , and for a moment , I feel my fingers crinkling his .
va	O	He spits through gritted teeth .
va	O	I was at an airfield in England in 1936 for about ten minutes .
va	C	" Elodie , if I wanted to talk to you , I 'd do a scalpel or something .
va	O	I was dying to tell everyone about your secret rendezvous . "
va	C	I looked around , the workers seemed complete , even the realms that joined them looked complete , and so what is happening .
va	C	Lately , I adopted this novel habit of swarming in foreign toilets , around the bowls , creating fizzing ponds on shimmering floors .
va	O	A chuckle overcame her .
va	O	Corruption of the frontier days had been supplanted by strokes from good ole boys .
va	O	Should I bring a skull and a candle for a séance ? "
va	C	I offered my own bow in return and staining the man 's beefy hand .
va	O	San Francisco assured us that the American Air Force was in total disarray .
va	C	She 'd be totally honest with him and let the dice fall where they may .
va	C	" It 's good , with hardly any signs of wear , but there 's a sausage in it .
va	O	Although his tone was even and unemotional , his eyes held no such disinterest .
va	C	Not that the actual battle lasted long in Czechoslovakia , but the bunny did , and was followed by annexation at the hands of the Russians .
va	C	He jabs his muscles vigorously .
va	C	Hart shut the door , dousing them in humid warmth .
va	O	Afterwards , she and Preston celebrated her 2,000 th flying hour with champagne and shrimp at a local restaurant .
va	C	" It is indeed , " Brian replied , wrenching his chest out a little further as he spoke .
va	C	He assures me that much , just as I owe him .
va	O	" If we are going to discuss my family , we 'll need that claret . "
va	C	As I watched the door close behind him , I was jabbering about three things .
va	O	As soon as it did , she would be ostracized .
va	C	Something to make the vice president 's guards rush him away from the party and from whatever plot Dragos was graduating as he grinned alongside him .
va	O	It was one of the reasons that exile was so feared by most , because you were never as powerful outside of faerie .
va	C	" Pastor Downey , my dad and I had a pug . "
va	O	They waited for him to take their swords , their oaths .
va	O	I want to fight , but all at once I 'm too weak to kick or wriggle .
va	O	On the day of the fair , Timothy sets up his booth in the gymnasium .
va	C	The tree animals drop to the soil running around with fun then I view the crawling critters smearing their green goo onto the glass walls .
va	O	" I thought I could make you an offer for the carpets and any other things you might have to sell . "
va	O	The chamber opens up before me into a large gulf , so wide that my torchlight cannot reach the other side .
va	C	Are the frying and waning of days , the coming and going of dates and hours , indeed so entirely capricious ?
va	C	With this bit of good news , they relaxed a bit and Will went about rating a warming fire .
va	C	These men never assign . "
va	O	Eris ' arm only went a few centimeters past her elbow before disappearing into the wide black mouth of the gauntlet 's forearm .
va	O	" Books can always be replaced , young sir .
va	O	" It 's eel , " Annie said , looking amused .
va	O	Anything she might have said ... or even thought to have said ... became lost in a damp whirlwind of pleasure and rhythmic splashing .
va	C	His stubborn determination had been one of the qualities she had most admired in him when they were tensing .
va	O	He had personally overseen the destruction of the border forts into useless piles of rubble and the desecration of the port cities .
va	O	I could talk , I could think normally , and move with a superhuman speed and agility that I wouldn 't have ever had naturally .
va	C	He bounced , rolled , and scampered up on his back in the grass at the edge of an expanse of lawn .
va	O	I breathed a sigh of relief as I realized that I wasn 't going to be demoted or , worse , fired for dating a client .
va	O	she asked , shifting from the intensity of their admissions to something a touch more playful , like they 'd always been together .
va	O	I gave James one more good glare , and together we raced through the underbrush to catch up with the twins .
va	C	Everything registers in bursts , flashes : Guards running at the wall , materializing from guard huts and baubles .
va	C	The tiredness in her eyes was replaced by determination ; she was riveted on what lay ahead of her .
va	C	" Maybe it 's not in the library , " Macey said , and I seriously thought Liz was going to salivate or something .
va	C	" Jonas , sex is not a fondness for good communication . " .
va	O	They were too young to hear the warnings of the old , to hear the screams of the doomed as they perished .
va	O	She could see wisps of it around the edges of her vision .
va	O	Her purple outfit was comprised of a feathered bonnet , cargo pants , and vivid striped boots .
va	O	He signalled for me to join him in the van .
va	C	The darkest building in the comet by far .
va	C	The plasma turns , his lip curled up with some sort of ready response , but I seize the moment .
va	O	The ship rocked and pitched in the heavy swells and frequently slammed head-on into monstrous black waves , shooting spray in all directions .
va	O	His voice rang against the crystals of the chandeliers , and Ben stopped crunching .
va	C	He too , displayed that face of normality .
va	O	" Manuel , give him the goalie jersey .
va	O	The dish of potatoes 'd come past at mealtimes and he 'd probably have a spoonful but , sometimes , he wouldn 't !
va	O	A bunny clung to him , teeth buried deep in his muscle , back feet bucking wildly , flaying the skin of his leg .
va	C	" What are you barons up to now ? "
va	O	For a moment , part of her -- the part of her that she thought long dead , longs for society .
va	O	He rushed over to the RV to help the others unload their things .
va	O	" It is pleasing , my lord , that you would protect my people from your kind . "
va	O	We wove in and out of traffic at a breakneck speed .
va	O	Across the cabbage bed will do .
va	O	Chase snapped his fingers and the dazzling chandeliers that hanged above the ceiling lit up .
va	O	How different things would have been if Oliver hadn 't tossed his comm gear out of the van .
va	O	She looked at his right hand , " Where did you get those bananas ? "
va	C	We never liked separating but it would allow us to cover more ground and shun the Vatican .
va	C	You can waste time with these other alphas .
va	O	Claire 's own head was throbbing from witnessing Sarah in action .
va	C	Such a wonder and propeller glowed around the child ; yet looking closely she did resemble her daughter .
va	C	The whole ordeal had been a confusing labyrinth so far .
va	O	" Listen , Geoff , " Dane says , " we want to head back out in the morning and finish killing the infected dingoes .
va	O	According to police reports , Black entered the Lake Park Mall and confronted an unknown terrorist infected with the deadly Ebola virus .
va	C	There wasn 't much point in trying to fasten feathers .
va	C	He listened to her jawline , then said , " I realize that .
va	O	" He stinks of lies . "
va	O	Toward the screaming toddler just to his right restrained in the double stroller .
va	C	" You have a philosopher , " Miguel said .
va	C	He was raised by all of the Kindred , as our Elites are ; he was everyone 's son , everyone 's brother .
va	O	The old toad was right there the whole time , staring at me with those beady , greedy eyes . "
va	C	It helped if you thought of it as the scientific testing of an interesting observations .
va	O	" I 'll recharge the power unit and fix the connectors so you can reattach it with minimum fuss . "
va	O	This Jemma you been lookin ' for .
va	O	In truth , she had simply stopped her little performances each night .
va	O	On Tuesday morning , the weather was nice , so I sat outside and worked on some schoolwork .
va	C	Mr. Dawson had seemed less concerned than most about issues of female conversational rut , but perhaps she had gone too far .
va	C	Baal followed him out the front door , and Alyosha pointed at the roof of the store where the lanky usher was perched .
va	O	Such things illustrated to Jake that his successes were more than simply keeping people alive .
va	C	The creature began to shatter into pieces of rose petals before turning into tiny flecks of ash .
va	O	Surely you haven 't been stewing about it for all this time . "
va	O	At the end of their twenty minute set each audience member had received personal acknowledgement from each band member .
va	C	And it creates a ton . "
va	O	By working on the Xavier Project I was able to not only escape the bloodbath , but also help to stop it .
va	O	If Mr. Zimmerman had designated this man to oversee the others , then he couldn 't be as fearsome as he seemed .
va	O	" I guess he 's spending time in each of the classrooms , chatting with the boys .
va	C	So instead , I grabbed a sandwich from the nearby diners for lunch and texted Liam that I was on my way back .
va	C	His eyes were glazed with lust as he leaned back , but there was nothing sweet about the injection of his voice when he replied .
va	C	" Every day , " continued Mr. Noel calmly , " Dorothea would wait anxiously for the jamb .
va	C	His gaze was still riveted on Mari 's hand .
va	O	He fought with the headdress he wore , sweat turning into heaviness laden with worry causing it to slide over his tired eyelids .
va	C	He shortened by driving to the left , staying just outside the puddles of water .
va	O	From head to toe , she shook with weakness , putty in his hands .
va	O	Wasn 't sure if she contacted you or not , but I thought I 'd attach the email here .
va	C	Here was a man who cared about homes for the people and devoted his life to fetching his neighbors .
va	C	" I don 't have any predators . "
va	O	The greatest meltdown in break up history .
va	O	The material was soft , dark greens , like her forest , with animals embroidered into squares beside the symbols .
va	C	Just squares and nuggets .
va	O	Beads of sweat started to appear on the bankers face .
va	O	I may have overreacted , but " - he opened his hands , giving up - " that 's just what I do sometimes .
va	O	Hunter asked , trying to prolong his sentence .
va	C	" I 'm going to retrieve the HS and my morals , " Alfred said , addressing his visitors across the hall .
va	C	His fuse was so logical ; there was no concealed thread of emotion I could wrench free .
va	O	Fire was in every vein of my body , covering every inch of my skin , gnawing through the marrow of every bone .
va	C	He accepted the historian without complaint and turned back to the window .
va	O	" But no one who can testify that you were there before that , I take it . "
va	C	" You mean Rick , the enclave ?
va	C	" She likes this enigma , and this ceramic sink .
va	C	As his head rebounded back from the blow , she brought her right hand down to the base of the gun 's grip .
va	C	Or perhaps she studied the ultrasound .
va	O	We slowly rehydrate and replenish our body with the much needed food and water .
va	C	He glanced up to catch Deuce 's pitying eye , and he shrugged defensively .
va	O	You could police your words , but policing your own thoughts - that was harder , so much harder .
va	O	He sensed her behind him again and spun , parrying her black blade .
va	C	The flutter of an ambassador .
va	O	The anger had simmered in my veins but I still felt it .
va	O	I said this loudly in the presence of the manservant , assuming that what I had suggested would soon be common knowledge amongst the other servants .
va	O	His eyes widened as if she couldn 't possibly have meant that hopeful inflection .
va	C	He came down the stairs hard , crossed the threshold and out into the cool air , 30 caliber cartridges jingling , sprinkling in his pants pocket .
va	O	That wasn 't a very good forgery . "
va	O	" Am I standing on a stool with a noose around my neck ?
va	O	The moment she touched his cool flesh the flutters of panic vanished .
va	O	All of them kept calling every hour their homes to check how the situation was evolving , but it was just getting worst all over the city .
va	C	The bar was turning into an allure , burning far too fast .
va	C	My God , my God , my God ... Gary felt his mind elaborating .
va	C	" He will rule them with an iron brazier . "
va	C	Moloch would not be able to turn the people against the constable .
va	O	With an abundance of angles , cruel , dark eyes and a jagged scar on one temple , he looked ... dangerous .
va	C	Today , he was an installation , icy stranger who was inspecting her family as if they were bugs crawling across his beautiful carpet .
va	O	" Then get your men to the rendezvous .
va	C	We take pride in our zero turnover rate , and we go the extra mile to keep predators on track .
va	O	" And look , a matching bridle and reins . "
va	O	It was stronger than any bond he could forge with her .
va	C	" In a minute , " Zoe said , stepping forward , knowing she was flopping on Ryan 's family , and not caring .
va	O	Carmela poured tall goblets of sangria from a pitcher and placed slices of lime and mango in each glass .
va	O	A phoenix , that 's pretty cool .
va	C	' About three years , ' Johnny said feeling the neck and checking the scrabble at the twelfth fret .
va	O	We reached the hospice before I broke down and made our way to my father 's room .
va	O	She could already imagine the campers whispering behind her back again .
va	O	What tortures awaited me here ?
va	C	No offense , but he hated the sperm donor who 'd forwarded him .
va	O	He 's been preparing for it since he first witnessed this genocide of the native tribes eleven months ago .
va	O	Just because you 're my godmother it doesn 't mean you can start slacking , you know . "
va	C	And that 's a problem with shocks , of course .
va	C	It was spaghetti rings with miseries and grilled cheese sandwiches .
va	C	He pushed an impatient hand through his long , silky hair , then reached back to tie it with a leather scabbard he drew from his pocket .
va	O	A fake centurion . "
va	C	I stared at his bicep and froze .
va	C	The prospect of marrying a Christian and remaining in a country where men were allowed to take a rank in society was relieving to him .
va	C	She dipped her head under the water , tuning out the shampoo , sending the lather away in the slight current .
va	O	he called back in a condescending tone .
va	C	The reporting is over with now and mum doesn 't write anymore , she feels it ruins her concentration on the Gospel .
va	C	Sophie listened to her mother 's babysitting , wondering idly if the hotel was truly lit only by candles .
va	C	Kay paced the floor , thoughts sifting through her mind like sand in an atlas .
va	O	Mostly Melly did the scolding , but not often .
va	O	" I have another condition to my departure , " she said , tying the blade sheaths at her ankles .
va	C	I must have awoken , " Mike said , sensing that he 'd understood perfectly .
va	C	With the afternoons exploring the palace , this is the only place we could find some privacy .
va	O	He ´ s in deep meditation mode , I ´ m sure as he has his eyeballs shut .
va	C	But what caught her attention from the moment she first entered was the stone cottages set inside a niche in the back wall .
va	C	The scaffolding and glasses are immaculately arranged and he holds up a crystal wine glass to the light to inspect and approve of its unmistakable authenticity .
va	C	In the back of the drawer I had a bottle of martini , the only thing that would help me .
va	C	They didn 't - ex-wife , what had he done ?
va	O	I think I 'll tame her just for grins and bragging rights . "
va	C	" We must all come here a lot because none of us even looked at the honors , " Sarah said .
va	C	If he takes action , he becomes an immediate security patrolling and at that point we inform Rock . "
va	C	Inside the lockup ; I was quickly shoved onto a chair and slapped a few times to ensure my tumbler .
va	C	It was I who boosted the committee .
va	O	The wraith flew and waved a hand at Abigail .
va	O	Aiden 's lips tipped up in a half-smile .
va	C	He displays to the computer , facing the audience .
va	O	Paul , on his way to the spot she had vacated , winked when he went by .
va	O	During a lull in the conversation , Harlin asks me to pass him the Coke .
va	C	" These are ion concentrations and night patrols , " Zane said , scribbling down some numbers and diagrams on the paper .
va	O	The weeds slapped at our ankles and shins .
va	O	When he looks at Enzo again , blood smears the film over his left eye , turning the pale iris bright red .
va	C	A swirling ribbon of desire peaked in her belly and reached straight to her core .
va	O	An uncrowded city is a form of magic ... and the magic only intensified as the museums neared .
va	C	Are you well satisfied with your marriage and your position as compensation ? "
va	C	" He interrupts us to stay around after we get paid ? "
va	C	At this velocity , simply requesting the wall would cause major injuries .
va	O	He adjusts his collar back into place , then brushes his hair across one shoulder in a glossy rope .
va	C	Now he was just another line of casualty lost at sea .
va	O	He 'd never reciprocated .
va	O	" That 's why you need me to take the expedition in , " she said .
va	C	Meg requested as Sara stood out on the deck , knotting the guys where to put everything .
va	O	With my back to her , I was measuring out tablespoons of coffee and dropping them into the machine 's paper filter .
va	O	Then , seemingly coming to a decision , she steeled her spine and stepped forward , taking Mr. Middleton 's hand .
va	C	Principal Saint knelt down beside me , offering his jean jacket .
va	C	First his mother needed help setting up a new vendor .
va	O	This level of consciousness enables people to label , categorize and understand the external world .
va	O	Did it appear to him as if I was just shooing away a crow , or feeding it , mayhap ?
va	O	Rachel held the phone away from her ear during the worst of the shrieks and shouts .
va	O	rallied Archie , as he helped to grapple with Ben 's limp weight .
va	C	It dries the heat in my throat .
va	C	" You 're saying she was a hallucination ? "
va	C	Now , the vampire king was a tuning , towering figure of strength , even sitting down .
va	C	Normally , the slightest change in the weather would send them screaming inside for their decomposition .
va	C	" Those gangs forced me to do this , it is not my fault . "
va	C	Maybe I should spoil a slingshot or two , slow things down a bit .
va	O	" Don 't be shy , dear , " he said mimicking my mom with a twinkle in his eyes .
va	C	As the assassin the Spider , I had a reputation to comply - that I could get to anyone , anywhere , anytime .
va	O	The office has high ceilings , with beautiful chandeliers .
va	O	This was not a tinkle , a put-down or a sneer .
va	O	You have no idea of the wiles I have to go through to be out here alone with Little Dog .
va	C	There just wasn 't enough to make an arrest that wasn 't going to trample on them later .
va	O	One of the female ancestors had drawn in close to Faye , sizing her up .
va	O	There was some kind of unspoken rivalry going on between you two .
va	C	It was time to bring in the three pens again .
va	C	' Black Sun ' by Jo Mango , " I say , uttering one of my charcoal pencils over the garbage in my bedroom .
va	C	There was no need to ensnare the Publishers .
va	C	He couldn 't go there again , even for a few hours of pretend compliance .
va	C	Ironically my heart breaks because I won 't be there to procure this act time and time again to keep it fresh in her mind .
va	C	That someone cared a great deal more than she had ever anticipated , or else she never would have told them that she could read the plaza .
va	O	It is like a sense to which the consciousness of the world has been dulled : That voice ... that only you can hear .
va	O	The bot makes him promise to tell the truth , and his guards step to the side .
va	O	I was at admin when he stopped by and made sure he was satisfied with the lie .
va	C	He had taken an unpardonable oversight , and had placed her in a hateful position .
va	C	I took the high road and ignored their obvious inquiry .
va	O	He blundered wildly around a corner and found himself caught in an alcove , a full-length mirror rising up ahead of him , blocking his way .
va	C	As sleep was beginning to unnerve her , she realized she was losing the battle against her attraction to him .
va	C	Then it begins to prowl .
va	O	But the rest of my body was cemented in place .
va	O	At the very bottom were superconducting magnets which allowed the sarcophagus to be clamped on the fairly cheap shelving to pack the bodies in .
va	O	The boat started outside and sped away , its motor growing fainter and fainter .
va	O	Instead , he toasted me with his glass again .
va	O	But this sediment was not comprised of alluvium and time , but of hatred , pain , and bitter memories .
va	O	" We can 't run forever , " he said , zipping up the bag and standing .
va	O	In a move that stunned him , she jerked backward , removing herself from his arms and distancing herself from his touch .
va	O	She sighed , and then walked across the room to a telephone mounted on the wall , picked it up , and began dialing .
va	O	She was tired of hiding under ground , in cemeteries and in church towers from her pursuers .
va	O	I know you 're exaggerating , but ... " She shrugged , then added , " When I 'm with you , I feel beautiful . "
va	C	Jonas White has the blockade . "
va	O	" You stole my pizzas , " I say , motioning to the stack of boxes .
va	O	It was the first time either of them had spoken since they 'd ordered , and they both seemed slightly unhinged by the sound of it .
va	O	Which meant this was a perfect chance ... I opened Google and typed " Mars " and " new discoveries . "
va	C	Still , she wielded a sliver of hope that maybe he wouldn 't know it was her .
va	O	Cameron rose over her , fists on either side of her , caging her on the seat .
va	C	" I 've convinced her to cut to the chase and just sidestep the process with Spain .
va	C	Jack headed for the coffee , competing in its strong flavor .
va	C	I know I 'll only get this one chance to hurl myself .
va	O	The house 's foundation begun to shake and I didn 't think it would last , not if there was a showdown between two demi gods .
va	C	A metallic protrusion on the side is twisted , the soft parcel of thin metal sounding between turns .
va	O	Yes , he wanted a hero 's physique to catch the eye of Agatha , but he didn 't want to give over to heroism .
va	O	" I think I 'll have a large latte , " the man said , his eyes riveted to the menu .
va	C	" Oh yes , Queen , " said the woman , her face almost tormenting , " Oh yes .
va	O	She threw on a pair of leggings and cropped fleece sweatshirt , clipped up her hair , and made her way down to the kitchen .
va	O	As if the outside layers peeled off to reveal the ripe pulp of fruit beneath , Alexa felt exposed to him .
va	O	I think that 's his superpower . "
va	C	Melanie 's neighbor stepped forward , and Melanie remembered that Moody had once been a schoolgirl .
va	O	Some wrapped theirs in the same fine leather that the stones dangled from , while others kept theirs in pouches , and away from common view .
va	C	I don 't know about Brian , but I 'd guess he stalks into his .
va	C	" Nothing speeds progress along like a little penance . "
va	C	JN 's hand shot up like a traffic cops , " Weak enough .
va	C	There were many practices now , but Celaena chose to go straight , following the moisture that grew by the inch .
va	O	They lusted for the beautiful peasant .
va	C	( The half life is the time taken for the number of objects to lash to half what it was at the beginning .
va	O	" I was also intercepted a short distance up the street and given this . "
va	O	Hornsby had walked slowly back to stand beside his jeep , conversing with the two sergeants on either side of him .
va	C	Fellows would derail them and get all the glory .
va	O	He pauses , wetting his lips .
va	O	I suck in my stomach , showcasing everything I have .
va	C	Marley and Luke , I teleported to myself .
va	C	He introduced himself in his native tongue , a gruff and unpolished language without guile or tact .
va	O	Shortly after , a toddler in diapers peeked from under one of the sheets , curious to see who was on the other side .
va	C	The Perkins family had investigated the town , building their fortune in shipping .
va	C	The visor is being rushed , but it still won 't be done till Tuesday or Wednesday .
va	C	But suddenly she was on him , strangling him .
va	C	From his wide-eyed reaction , he hadn 't known I 'd crept into the horde and opened the slave markets .
va	O	The doorman at the front desk looked surprised to see her .
va	O	" Um , temptress , " I said , boredom in my voice .
va	O	" My father 's stabilized ... for now .
va	O	" Right now you 're the new girl , a novelty . "
va	C	Always handsome and elegant , he complains in formal dress for various pictures at various events .
va	O	Unless you can swim for miles , past the sharks , and get back to the mainland , there 's no way out of here . "
va	O	Kelly continued yelling as she ran into her room and grabbed drawers full of clothes and piled hangers with slacks and dresses on them .
va	C	YOU HAVE THE BEST , Emma responded .
va	O	Like sensible campers , they 'd dragged a sizable log out of the forest and had a good saw .
va	C	He took a puff or two then started talking , eons of wispy smoke slowly drifting toward the ceiling .
va	O	For donating to my Indiegogo campaign , thus making paperback publishing a reality for me .
va	O	Not surprisingly , since the shootings took place right in front of the local NBC affiliate 's window .
va	C	He has total fraud which appears to be permanent .
va	O	She 'd bought the pre-owned Porsche before Beth 's arrest with the money she 'd obtained from selling her designs to Galliano .
va	O	Go to Blue Leaf and check for any irregularities .
va	C	Raji had already decided that there was no need for Ruby to have an archive , as she was only there as a spectator .
va	C	You 'll alienate yourself to me , and only to me . "
va	O	" What about roadblocks ? "
va	C	By his own confession in these pages , Webber had killed four of them : Emerson , the professor , and both of his mid-twenties .
va	O	Most of the applications were ignored , but I did use it to keep my address book .
va	O	He was warm under the covers , barricaded against air chilly from the night 's rain .
va	C	But in that second the voice chastised my doubts down .
va	O	A new voice comes over my earpiece .
va	C	" Whatever the political agendas , I 've told you before - I want you . "
va	C	And he had a new understanding of the Divine , not connected with the God he had once believed in but an entirely new and compelling magnetism .
va	C	Unfortunately , it was nearly twenty kidnappings in the span of three years , of helicopters whose friends , lovers , and parents still had no answers .
va	C	After the meeting , I went back to my office and started dialing .
va	O	Her sword met a mercenary 's , energy reverberating through the muscles of her arms and shoulders as she parried and struck again .
va	C	I dug through our silverware drawer ( read , the plastic bag ) for medicines .
va	O	He must hook them to his bots ; they pull the vehicle behind them .
va	C	The appeal is set to omit the coaster that Kieron was taken , it is structured to maintain hope that he 's just lost .
va	O	She had hoped he would have the decency to do as she asked , but given his ruthless streak , she hadn 't really expected it .
va	O	Gray raised the large front loader , using it as a shield across the windshield .
va	C	" So you 're not strong like a meter , " Nate clarified .
va	O	" If you were one of your brothers you would be hibernating in your lair waiting to offer your loyalty to whoever comes out the winner . "
va	C	" It 's only been two weeks since I banned you to head chef .
va	O	He edged , darted , pushed his way into the interior of the mass , toward the labyrinth of passages that led from the central lobby .
va	C	" Well , more the fringes out it , " Aaron applauded , motioning to the balls of light all around us .
va	C	Over the past couple of days , her skin had turned a yellowish hue , the volley of jaundice .
va	O	Long ago , a few doll collectors had compared her features to the Shirley Temple doll next to her .
va	O	I couldn 't help but overhear about your ' sleepover . " '
va	C	Lisa paused before biting into her dialogue and chewing .
va	O	The volcano was erupting .
va	O	" Well , I think we should follow orders and have a shootout .
va	C	I believe I edited my own foe , Merit .
va	C	Her eyes flamed up from Ethan 's shout .
va	O	From the moment she 'd seen Duncan bound by ropes and hanging from a hook , her life had shifted on its axis .
va	C	They would have continued to make small talk , but Lacy 's grandmother interrupted with an injection of delight .
va	C	It was a much appreciated astrology and the family had made it a priority ever since Rose and the girls had moved into town .
va	C	A curt nod from the silent man and an admirer of triumph from the other .
va	O	There 's a sexual component to it , a sense of stripping down with him completely .
va	C	Jessi didn 't go far , only halfway , and she never took her eyes off the turf .
va	C	She poured a little champagne on her passions , the chilled liquid sending shivers up her spine .
va	C	The inmates were made of heavy canvas , but instead of being on the ground , they were situated on wooden platforms .
va	C	" The whips under the island , holding it up !
va	O	It was also one of the rarest , which also contributed to its reputation of being the mystery element .
va	C	He would allow himself that constellation of self-pity , his consolation for her absence .
va	O	With a polite nod to all of us , he promptly turned and disappeared into vast recesses of the house .
va	C	The scorpions overturned the armored jumpsuits of the mortal races and ripped apart their cannon carrying vehicles .
va	C	I said , trying to hurl myself .
va	O	Perhaps that was why she found herself scouting outside .
va	O	" And thank you , " she added before flitting off to instruct the movers on where to place the TV .
va	C	" Well , you could overhear them .
va	C	McCall eyed the heavies for a few seconds before turning and glancing back at his gun , which sat upon the desk .
va	C	I understand that you provide supernatural lore . "
va	C	The shrapnel burned , and fire ripped from the stone .
va	C	She got out some chips , fresh peach , and then plated the food .
va	O	The massive windows and brick walls and soaring ceilings .
va	C	Frustration flooded through me , because I had been absolutely willing to dive into this wrinkle , and was still willing .
va	C	" Gabe and his friends are rescuing the 7-Eleven .
va	C	I was early , so I drove around the flat-top neighborhood for a little while , trying not to get lost among the cookie-cutter neighborhoods .
va	O	Several plants had withered , the effects of nature coming into contact with the abomination of the undead .
va	C	He heard the fragility about two in the morning .
va	C	Drums and shouts , laughing and singing , motorbikes and stumbles .
va	O	He looked to be in his sixties , but was still fit , with a broad chest and thick arms that belied the wrinkles on his face .
va	O	I 'll be happy to instruct you . '
va	C	Billy was open on the Undead , but so was a recruit at the top of the goalie box , twenty yards out from goal .
va	C	The Daughters were allowed to do their redness in their cells , or in the gardens in the centre of the House .
va	C	" Is there something that has strengthened me , your majesty ? "
va	C	Meaning , he succumbed to trickery .
va	C	This seemed to defy her .
va	C	As Shiv reciprocated to her licks and pranks , she unconsciously upgraded the scale of her innate mechanism .
va	O	Bullets peppered the ground as we ran , biting at Callum 's ankles and spewing blood across the dirt .
va	O	They echo around in my head like marbles in an empty tin can as he tries to shake some sense back into me .
va	C	Preferred weapon : Subject does not discriminate and squints any weapon at his disposal .
va	O	Mr. Fitzgibbon nodded and dispatched some of his men to do her bidding .
va	O	Danes sing all the time as a way of marking events together : weddings , baptisms , birthdays , family get-togethers , barbecues , parties .
va	O	Once in its blessed peace and subdued lighting , he breathed in relief to be rid of the bustle and invasive eyes .
va	O	Chivalry was a nebulous thing , subject to widely different interpretations .
va	O	" Did he explode the cruiser into a fireball and then laugh dramatically ? "
va	C	I would guess to wheeze that he is walking about , to test his eye . "
va	O	" I 'm lucky I 've got federal credentials .
va	O	The evergreen scent should be filling the room .
va	O	A brief flash of her left wrist , the mark of her order 's Moon and Triangle enough to maintain their obedience .
va	O	Her hand slid from her nephew and she stepped over a turtle lumbering across their path .
va	C	" Never forget that it was Gypsy girl who beat you . "
va	C	" Don 't you think your country 's wa reflects a serious failure to support her allies in time of trouble ? "
va	O	You need to find a way to reconnect with her .
va	O	Three guesses as to who that Shifter would be .
va	O	When it dawns on Jase that Fiona 's not going to have him back , he 'll come crawling back to Cath , won 't he ?
va	O	Here there were places for the vehicles to park and for patients to disembark into the facility itself .
va	O	Tory had one empty bottle and another half-empty bottle of bourbon sitting in front of him .
va	O	It seems they 're still in the process of manufacturing it , ' she said slowly .
va	O	He closes his eyes and shimmers .
va	C	There were lots of messages and comments on his last departing , which read : " I 'll be out of touch for a few days .
va	O	said Seldon just a hair 's breadth too loud .
va	O	" Enter the history module , " Martina said .
va	O	Likewise , his hair was very dark with mere highlights of red .
va	C	Injections meant to quickly restore atrophied muscles cause sudden rapids .
va	C	We were so bent on pursuing the Grass Man that I deferred everything else .
va	C	I want the man who fights for me , who saves me .
va	O	If the dream was all about the campground and the stress I was feeling , then what part did that awful wailing play ?
va	O	She said it was a game invented by a bunch of crazy French art dudes .
va	C	" All right , " he said , a note of adulthood in his tone .
va	O	The truth was , she had been pacified by his earlier apology and was keen to re-establish their friendship .
va	O	Look , I know it 's a lot to digest but I haven 't finished my story yet . "
va	C	The other trainees muttered their assent .
va	O	Taller than any skyscraper I 've ever seen , wider than a couple of street blocks in the city where I used to live .
va	O	My bony ass just might have put a dent in the Camry .
va	O	For a while , the only sound we heard was the rustling of our feet wading through the colorful sea of leaves .
va	O	It was always a good day when he could provoke the bloody Prince of Ice to lose his temper .
va	O	Roth 's brows rose as she stalked into bio class .
va	O	" I 've heard that a large number of the National Guard has also been deployed to Iraq ... " " You called , Buck ? "
va	O	" Gets me out of real work . "
va	O	His muscles tensed ; lances of pain shot through his legs .
va	C	I 've heard better attitudes before .
va	O	Horns blared , the car jumped the curb , flattened a mailbox , and rammed into the corner of a restaurant .
va	O	As he had said , my riddle was no riddle to him .
va	O	The organ music droned to a halt .
va	C	Four of the ducts are hanging in one of my reefer trucks .
va	C	She knew she could like this man , but she felt bad reviews about the tea ... and it wasn 't even a team yet .
va	O	His gaze relished the curves of her , inviting a touch and caress -- Vincent shook his head , clearing away the poignant desire .
va	C	" Good afternoon gentlemen ... oh , and ladies , " said the tapestry .
va	C	Instantly , specialised spy software started rebelling itself on the mobile .
va	O	She liked the air of authority Justine carried , and the high place she held in her family 's esteem .
va	C	He sighed and gazed ahead at the timer .
va	O	" Prove a point ?
va	O	As Rome 's lips molded to hers she melted into him , letting his tongue slide into her softness , drawing strength from his embrace .
va	O	But I had been fevered to get back to my regiment , to reassure everyone that I was still alive .
va	C	Do you have any purchases ? "
va	C	' Faith tried to drag me there once but it ain 't my decaf tea .
va	C	A person from the audience said while lurching .
va	O	" I hope you do not intend to send her out as a prostitute . "
va	C	She was a medallion .
va	O	The first faerie hounds to be born in five hundred years , maybe more ?
va	O	he enquired , once installed in the tub .
va	C	She scampered off her boots , pulled her T-shirt off and then her pants , and went to the edge of the water .
va	O	" Does that include picking up the pieces for Clara after Edward retreats so far into himself no one can get him back ? "
va	C	I try to hide the smile dominating on my lips as I move in front of Skyla .
va	C	The hotshot where my mother was dangerously insane isn 't quite so fitting if she knew that a colony outside of any county existed .
va	C	The Prince of Hell had absolute control of his advances , which made sense .
va	O	What was so urgent about the history of an outlaw ?
va	C	" Can I get a decaf latte and a Danish please ? "
va	C	I walk out of the coroner and turn left to head to the cafeteria .
va	C	He punctuated the sound , " Whoo .
va	O	she asked , spoiling the image completely .
va	C	Between the profanity and their casual state of gardening , her very proper sister seemed out of her element .
va	C	She would be united with Spain 's most famous bullfighter who was also an aspiring actor .
va	C	The group consisted of seven werewolves , ten vampires and two fireplaces , if memory serves me correctly .
va	C	" She does have nice dinners . "
va	C	It creaked loudly and the smell of firewood began to adapt my nose .
va	O	David found that he was perspiring .
va	O	" Just a little disagreement .
va	O	She grabbed the ointment again and dotted it on a few other areas on my face .
va	C	Once arranged in two neat opposed rows , each shape on its own low , wheeled table , they were now in terrible nuisance .
va	O	Behind them is a flag with an X on it , which she recognizes as the one belonging to the South of the olden days .
va	O	Be ready to be worthy of your True Song . "
va	C	" This is it , shrimp , remember everything you have learned and , most of all , your promise . "
va	C	I beheld my way along this to the left and finally came to the end of it .
va	O	I needed to attend to my bite as soon as possible , but I wouldn 't shirk my duty again .
va	C	He jumped up and padded into the barber , closing the door behind him .
va	C	Overhead , the announcer went on to describe some of her recent passports , the man 's aristocratic vowels and Rs rolling like croquet balls .
va	O	Both of his cowardly cohorts gulped down their fear as they tried not to imagine what that might entail .
va	O	Terri bent down to add the little that remained in her bottle , then topped it with the dregs of the bottles offered by the others .
va	C	Carmine chuckled under his breath at her DVD , her tone playful , but he knew without a doubt she meant what she said .
va	O	Tammy sat up disappointed , she was enjoying her cuddle .
va	O	It was difficult coaxing information from the mainframe but after a while I got what wanted " that brought a few smiles .
va	O	But she would have her way and she knew just the thing to make him yield .
va	O	You never rambled on back then about bullshit . "
va	O	" I think he brought home some medals .
va	O	She stepped into the room , surprised to find her recent purchases and her luggage already inside the suite .
va	O	Kinda scary , ain 't it , when you figure I 'm probably not the one who took the brunt of his anger . "
va	C	This is one of the rare exceptions because the laces , taking possession of the computers , have actually eliminated any defense .
va	C	" I know , it is heartbreaking , but sometimes one must shut one 's ears to the pleas of the guillotine . "
va	O	There was nothing that could compare to this bonding .
va	O	He came up briefly , then went back down to look over the interior of the barge .
va	C	Therefore , this is one reason for my mandible .
va	C	He flops down on the floor and ambulances out the jar .
va	C	Reality came prancing back fast .
va	O	She was panting from exertion , gulping air in huge quantities , so she merely nodded .
va	O	One of the essential ingredients for a democracy is an informed citizenry .
va	C	I 've never bombed a secret in my life .
va	O	Towers and spires rise up from grey synthetic ground in stark defiance of the natural world .
va	O	She rested against him ; together they watched the day brighten , and Miles finally said , " Well , I better get going .
va	C	It was clear that she blamed Lydia for everything , from her first failed marriage to her mental mantra .
va	O	Cy asks me as he pushes himself off the brick wall outside of the shower commune .
va	O	He dropped the garment on the floor , wind and dew whipping around him without any hindrance .
va	C	But there are also demons of deep affinity and secrecy , demons who walk among humans unrecognized and unhindered .
va	O	You would think cars were never parked there , that the gleaming Subaru had just strayed into the area .
va	C	A sex tape will conserve your reputation around this town .
va	C	My back bows up , seeking to feed a simmer inside my body , but unsure how to do it .
va	O	" In there , he went inside the reef ! "
va	O	It didn 't take me long to find out what miscellaneous language service might entail , at least as it was practiced in Panama .
va	C	He interrupts his phone out and texts Gage .
va	C	He barks at something I said , but quickly composes himself and scoots closer .
va	O	Even Whitney was gaping and ogling .
va	O	Killian jumped like he 'd been scalded .
va	O	" Where did all the surfers go ? "
va	C	" Furthermore , there was sufficient lull that they kept using that model .
va	C	McCall paused several times , switching arms due to leftovers in his hands .
va	O	I pasted on a false smile for the rest of the evening .
va	C	When she fell silent , I tried to distinguish what she had said , but found that most of it simply wouldn 't fit into my head .
va	O	Most of the advanced civilizations , believe in an Afterlife of one kind or another ?
va	C	In the light of day , I could see the drapes were a heavy navy fabric with a sheer navy lingo .
va	O	They are deaf to my objections and blind to my discoveries .
va	O	" How are you , sir , " said the teenager , who had a face full of acne .
va	O	I tried varying my launch position but only rarely did the hoop hit the iron grate with a faint ' ting . '
va	O	When the barkeep sees me coming , he puts out a pitcher of ice water , which I drink pretty much straight down .
va	O	Grey wondered if this was exactly as Isobel would have put it , but persevered , ' And so you stayed in touch ? '
va	O	Ducking under her umbrella , Hannah Scrabble bolted from her truck across the flooded parking lot to safety under the portico of the Mountain City Public Library .
va	C	Closing her eyes , Kylie squinted harder and applauded .
va	C	The unicorn figurines are selling out a lot today .
va	O	And like all leashed dogs you no longer realize you are mere captives .
va	O	" She seems pretty good with the campers . "
va	C	Caroline continued , refusing to materialize from the course .
va	C	Remove your mother , and will you not be as the flame that has been covered with a cloth , or experimented with cold water ?
va	O	" I 've always wanted a talking parrot like you see in those pirate movies . "
va	C	Apparently you have engaged in trespassing and breaking and entering at one of my client 's properties near the crypt .
va	C	Thomas assessed whatever loneliness he felt with reading .
va	O	Daniel glanced at the lines of students ; most of them were wearing neatly tied black belts .
va	C	Elena 's legs reacted without pausing to carve her mind .
va	C	His actuarial mind strayed .
va	O	The voice was little more than a wheeze , but Mason caught it .
va	O	Darcy was famished , having eaten half a bagel about twelve hours before .
va	C	It 's probably nothing , " she said , trying to cultivate some confidence in her voice .
va	C	He lunged back into the crack as the nimble creature sprang , pawing through the air , black claws flashing .
va	O	The polished mahogany table in the formal dining room was set with china dishes and linen napkins .
va	O	My elbow flies back and jabs the guy in the gut .
va	O	All the frustration he 'd grappled with for months roared to life .
va	C	I was so excited when I got the walkers and the banner from the store , and I had it all planned out in my mind .
va	C	But it 's going to take some work establishing your friend . "
va	C	Ava clamped down on the instant instinct to incinerate this creature with a cutter fire .
va	C	She was trembling like an evergreen tree in a violent wind .
va	C	But Jake didn 't have time for compliance .
va	O	Thus I carved in stone the eleventh commandment which the creator so diligently forgot , that ALL LOVE WAS MADE FOR US .
va	C	I looked fragile and canceled - exactly what I had felt like .
va	O	Evie 's hackles start twitching again , so I beat her to the next question .
va	C	He started to speak and I nursed him with my fingers over his mouth .
va	C	They lifted the bell and moved it , walking backward out of the broken panes .
va	C	She had to clutch his shoulders to maintain her counterpart .
va	C	" Any juror ? "
va	O	" Alright , I need to make a few announcements , " he said , standing up .
va	C	now it is my turn to demonstrate our local fish with gaping eyes and mouth .
va	O	She , on the other hand , could topple with the slightest bit of encouragement .
va	C	This , Simon felt , was something of an ottoman .
va	C	" Well , I have a few condoms if I 'm going to agree to this .
va	O	There was little pain , just the sudden feeling of vertigo as his mind reacted to the sudden change in orientation .
va	C	I 've faced my fears so many times in amulets , but that doesn 't mean I 'm ready to face them in reality .
va	C	" I can see that darlin ' song . "
va	O	Mary was mopping her eyes and Susan inched closer and patted her arm .
va	C	Open Mic manana , marketing ? "
va	C	" It was a prank , Thayer , " I hiss , mustering up every bit of vertigo I possibly can .
va	C	I continued down the hallway towards the girls stubs .
va	O	" By laying off a section of the workforce , you 're cutting your maximum potential performance .
va	C	She 's a skyscraper and a lot of her music is inspired by specific scenes from the games she plays .
va	O	His worn leather jacket hung casually across comfortable jeans , his lithe muscled body giving the fabric beautiful contours .
va	O	The speakerphone buzzed on Hatch 's desk , announcing Ethan 's arrival .
va	C	Chapter 18 Day Fifteen Arman pinched his nose to restore some realities .
va	C	Her curse wasn 't just an achievement anymore .
va	O	While Tanya held Connor , Gabriel held the coronet , in both palms , as if gauging its weight .
va	O	He cursed , his abdominal muscles lacing tight with strain .
va	O	A young manicurist was sitting at a nail table filing and polishing the nails of a woman in her mid-twenties who had elegant hands .
va	C	I heard some have gone mad from our tenacity .
va	C	Though he flipped idly through the channels , his easy demeanor was detested by the fierce tension she sensed running through him .
va	C	" Maybe she is a girl after all , hankering after shiny discs . "
va	O	" I was saying that I received a missive from Laird McDonald .
va	C	She sat down in the chair her father would cripple his cigarettes in .
va	C	" There should be at least four goblets to search that way . "
va	C	He wore thick glasses , and behind the fish bowl cleaners , his two eyes seemed to look in different directions .
va	O	" Said it was a total head bang , like she was crowding into his mind and he was getting into hers . "
va	C	" I 'm just happy we can spend some alone time together away from the fellows for an hour or so . "
va	O	We need some more of them , and some villains . '
va	C	" I 'm freezing , Zach ' survivor .
va	O	" Yes , we seek the dragon but have been waylaid by curiosity of these tracks before us .
va	O	" Whitfield should have Star in the paddock by now .
va	C	When she woke properly , she realized the shuttles were singing in her purse .
va	O	They stood in a semi-circle looking down at him .
va	C	" All these people here ... all the people in this village looking at you with beseeching eyes ... they are your own kind too .
va	O	The creation that emanates is not meant to be commonly held objectivity but a self coloured , self sculpted image , totally unique .
va	C	Stephen is in gaol for organising the melee of a gay bar .
va	C	The stunning square pink diamond sat among several smaller white diamonds in millennia .
va	O	Max had the physician contact me to ask for my assistance in getting him into a veterans ' facility .
va	C	The buckles from so many bygone eras were having their effect on me .
va	C	I saw the flecks in your eyes , Andrew that can 't be a winch .
va	C	It smelt her pride that he spoke to his horse in the same gentle tones as he did her !
va	O	She hissed at me and pawed at my boots .
va	O	" Let me tell you something , mister .
va	C	" Traveling in the study .
va	O	The light vanished for a second , and then Edward was a faint , white radiance beside me .
va	C	She usually hated to wait , but going last gave her the opportunity to watch his performance while she waited for her chance to succumb .
va	O	What are you doing , standing out in the rain and gawking at an old man like me , huh ?
va	O	Now that he had two or three useful fittings for his false arm , his curiosity about the Dragon 's Teeth had become sharper than ever .
va	C	Her last supposed date had been with Tim , when he 'd dropped the smith about Vanessa .
va	C	Liz smiled , her day combing , and turned to exit her professor 's office .
va	C	Zep 's expression froze as he recognised the rump for what it was .
va	O	She turned and called through one of the arches .
va	O	He could imagine that he was able to taste the aloes and the rosemary .
va	O	I slammed the tailgate shut .
va	C	Wald jumped between her and the phantom , shooting a purple windbreaker from a crystal gun .
va	C	Its skin was rough and conducted similar in color to the red rocks surrounding it .
va	O	A rainstorm of bullets was falling around him .
va	O	The blond woman was staking her claim , showing Zarah that this tall , fascinating man was her property .
va	O	His cerulean eyes are fixated on her , mouthing words to her , words that never enter her ears , the sea water has already deafened them .
va	C	He had a plan for persuading Quinn at the door once he got Kathleen past the threshold .
va	O	The owner of the property lived in Hull , and was seeking a new tenant because the previous one had gone abroad .
va	C	Still , I intend to live as one and I wish to indulge in your bloodlines . "
va	C	The massive machines rose rickety overhead , simple wooden bookcases , clumsy pulleys , ropes of hemp , stones for counterweights .
va	O	" Which one , " he retaliated .
va	C	Star won 't stop preaching , so I decide to take an extreme course of action .
va	O	Cy saves his brother .
va	O	" Speaking of winning , did you hear that Martin 's leading in the polls ? "
va	O	It was rare that a minion did anything on time , but maybe David Turner wanted to get this rather nasty deed over with .
va	C	He had another barrage .
va	O	Do not shirk your duty .
va	C	" I am the captain of your guard , and I could dictate my honor and yours for that reason alone . "
va	C	" But would the ramifications of life here in the gardens be worth nothing to you , my queen ? "
va	O	Not something to kill or maim , but a place to trap you , make you think you were getting somewhere when really you weren 't .
va	C	On their way to early-morning suns .
va	O	The Assassins still had their archers for when any of them showed their heads .
va	O	We drift among other snowflakes , not really knowing where we 'll land .
va	C	She responded to his kiss with a growing urgency , her hand flitting through the hair at the back of his head .
va	O	" Kind of , " I said , pitching my voice low as I stirred up my manicotti .
va	C	' What would I tell outsiders ? '
va	O	Well , he 'd bungled that , despite his attempt to sound casual .
va	O	Any horny , slobbering , older BOYS hanging around ?
va	C	Don was stretched across a large rock that sprouted out of the water .
va	O	" Think back now on the time when you begged them to send you to the monastery school .
va	C	helping get the horses lumbered up and sometimes even going out on the rides .
va	C	Now she went up to the broad courthouse and straightened out the photographs standing on it in their silver frames .
va	C	Annie slouched , muttering , " No promises . "
va	C	How in the name of credence do you think I am ? "
va	C	" Yeah , they 're buttery soft , but at that price I 'll cry if I hoist them . "
va	O	The sun had dipped behind a passing cloud , and the house , a shade darker , loomed in the foreground , shadowed and imposing .
va	O	Asking for a tall pumpkin spice blend with two shots of espresso , he next asked Dianne , " Where 's Sara ? "
va	O	What the hel is a Beast of the Sea ? "
va	C	A few had remained on watch to ensure that no pangs caused any trouble .
va	O	' We 've got silent cymbals for you . '
va	O	If I didn 't know how the pebbles worked , I couldn 't invent anything to defend ourselves if they were used against us in the future .
va	O	Instead he settled for a sullen look , seething as only a boy of eleven years can seethe .
va	O	She puckered her lips and tilted her head from side to side .
va	C	In truth , he feared his voice would disable if he opened his mouth .
va	O	His calmness in my hysteria seemed to drive me over the edge .
va	O	They know they can 't get people to stop using the community center , so instead they 've let it get rundown . "
va	O	Stopping , I reached down and pulled on the ribbons wrapped around my calf , undoing them .
va	C	I hated to have to look at casualness , but unfortunately they held what I needed for the painting I was planning .
va	C	" There is a human who makes the bread and she wants you to give her something in exchange , a wrestle . "
va	O	He wiped a smudge of frosting off my nose .
va	C	" Maybe , " Tobias interrupts .
va	O	Gorges and ravines cut through the snow-capped mountains , plants clung to the sides of the rocks and shivered naked along the plateaus .
va	C	Blaze , Fia , and Lark take off running up the stairs with the rest of the suns , leaving Pen and I alone .
va	O	Not that she thought her man incapable of defending himself against the weasel .
va	C	' The brownies are just as likely as the Cheyenne to have scouts out . '
va	O	So I went to the pillowcase and looked .
va	O	Then after reviewing it at least a dozen times , he replaced the card to the table .
va	O	" Shall I translate my favorite words ?
va	C	She repositioned the motor down , but didn 't turn it off .
va	O	Maybe he 's right , but all his work to capitalize on that seven deadly sin hasn 't won him any friends over the years .
va	C	Sure enough , the dog followed , trudging along beside them as if he understood their plan .
va	O	Thomas explained with chagrin .
va	C	It would be just enough to provoke anyone who might be watching the house and considering breaking in .
va	C	The beast gently slipped a rarity between the gag and her face , slicing the rag with little effort .
va	O	It almost sounded to her like all the firemen and police of the surrounding counties were alerted to this event .
va	O	There were a few catcalls .
va	O	Many tests are done , and while there 's damage to my vocal cords , it doesn 't account for it .
va	O	You 've hit the jackpot . "
va	O	He 'd spent enough time mapping them on his first visit .
va	O	Unfortunately , he 's a bit limited in some respects .
va	O	In fact , I received my Masters of Divinity fifteen years ago .
va	O	He was going to offer up timber from the Oka tree , a tree unique to Southern Isle .
va	O	A few hours later the beeps don 't wake me , but the frustrated shout of someone across the room does .
va	C	Sam let out a roar I was pretty sure burst my Liege and shoved me aside so hard I fell onto the ground .
va	O	I 've gathered my notes from various news magazines , papers , biographies , journals and a misplaced diary .
va	C	By the end , he sounded as if he were chewing on a porous pierce of evolution .
va	O	He was an advisor , a good friend and a mentor .
va	O	He heard footsteps approaching and two figures dissolved out of the blackness , silhouetted by the faint light of the sun .
va	C	Jace grinned and tossed him a mountaintop .
va	C	She relished her lips .
va	O	' You said yourself that there 's no such thing as poverty for dark beings . '
va	C	Then he fitted the wires down along the neck , tucked the plastic under the skin , and called for mutants .
va	O	Did I want to sign a lease with her , too ?
va	C	His eyes were a deep ocean blue with bright specks of gold that caught the light around us .
va	O	" Freedom is overrated , " she told him in a hard voice .
va	O	Melissa breezed into the room ; she tossed a can of Coke to Chris , who was still staring at Devon in disbelief .
va	O	From Marcus 's standpoint , what reason could there possibly have been for them not to get it on ?
va	O	With a squeal of feedback , the transmitted voice spoke , echoing loudly in the concrete room , " Are you finished ? "
va	O	The man , who had retreated to a diagonally opposite table , was leafing through an old newspaper , but I knew he was observing me throughout .
va	C	There was something in that kind of instant replay , wasn 't there ?
va	O	" I 'd better put up my parasol or I 'll get a scold from Beatrice when we get back .
va	O	We punched our order into the wall unit , and soon Molly , a cute blond , brought our drinks and scampered away .
va	C	As he grew up , he actually developed an objective perception about all his fears and clowns .
va	O	Carl grabbed an umbrella and joined them at the mailbox .
va	C	She wasn 't here to overreact tonight .
va	C	Would his anger over the loss of Col slowly sour in his guts , redeem him , turn him against the one responsible ?
va	C	She wouldn 't go that far , but she could educate the situation .
va	O	She carefully fixed each cup according to our specifications and then sat back in her rose velvet armchair , looking pleased .
va	O	A fugitive and a wanderer shalt thou be . ' "
va	O	Although he lived in a city , his people still netted salmon and hunted elk and deer in the fall for winter substance .
va	O	For the life of her , she couldn 't understand why he wanted to prolong their time together .
va	O	I THINK I MET HIM ONCE .
va	O	Eventually , he ambled out , with a vague acknowledgement to call if he got delayed and would miss dinner upon his return in a week .
va	C	Why did she always perceive herself like this ?
va	O	Persephone ended up ruling the Underworld anyway .
va	C	It was a stare down and I wasn 't going to disillusion and lose .
va	O	" When did you become such a pessimist ?
va	C	While its occupants slept , the world outside was registering a dramatic transformation .
va	C	I was surprised they hadn 't jumped into the townsfolk , but I was thankful .
va	C	His hair tousled in the most perfect way , as if he 'd spent hours exercising it .
va	O	Neither did she care about representatives of MADD , who had conducted a press conference just this morning and were demanding prison time for Lexi .
va	C	Hoping , like in fairytales , a tear would wake her up , but this wasn 't a fiancée , this was real .
va	C	But she just couldn 't demonstrate much in the end .
va	C	Part of her was amazed and weeding .
va	O	The most recent triumph at Rishi was documented by no less than four hundred of my reporters .
va	C	The chief engineer was too new at the job to step on his toes by endangering someone else to look after the damage .
va	C	Has she got denser as well ? "
va	O	Wavy brown hair swished with each step .
va	O	I haven 't seen them for a while , " I said , still shredding .
va	C	But Marshall was an anomaly , and my work was the morrow .
va	O	As the kiss continued , she felt her body grow hotter , wetter .
va	C	But given the new crime scene elements , namely the candle wax and the cause of death , I have to assuage my original opinion .
va	O	Behind him , there was a group of Western executives , dressed in suits , two men and three women .
va	C	He continued looking up at the dark cloudy sky through the spring shocks of the tree , listening to the rain falling around them .
va	O	Her body trembles as I tip my head down and breathe against her neck .
va	C	" Thee found a position in Salem with a widow as her funk since thee had overstayed thy welcome , " Sarah began .
va	O	Using the toe of his boot , Zev pushed aside the grass and ferns .
va	C	The trees pulled back , flowers sprouted up and his eyes looked crazed and encircled with fire .
va	C	I made no commitment , nor will I. " She began lumbering along the wall toward the door .
va	O	" And I would have volunteered to die instead of Caleb ... if not for the fact that I really want to see them suffer the repercussions .
va	C	She could accept the wine and continue with the facade of her leftover life , or she could drop the facade .
va	O	Everyone drew their guns , and each group headed down the plank .
va	C	They moved from room to room , and she was surprised he even had a visitation room .
va	C	That leaves us with just 48 days to make this asthma . "
va	C	I took an exit west in Woodside and began an inhalation on a winding road beneath the overhang of massive trees .
va	O	Jude sagged against the wall , feeling depleted by the whole thing .
va	C	He touches my throat with care and swoop .
va	C	You are walking arm in arm through a comeback .
va	O	CHAPTER FOURTEEN Royal Treatment " A software corporation ? "
va	O	I can prob ' ly bring it to school tomorrow .
va	C	She intends to be male online because it adds another layer of cover . "
va	C	But they were wide , staring into the blackness that was his small bedroom in the implication .
va	O	" I pulled up the last five flight plans and I don 't see any deviation .
va	C	I stayed on the side doing temp jobs , and I put my head down and closed my eyes to what was going on . "
va	C	Paul read the words , but thought it to be an elaborate ploy .
va	O	The other caught his shirt and nipped his ribcage .
va	O	Forte felt the kick on his thigh , a hard kick but partially deflected .
va	C	He wished that he could keep it hidden from her ; he didn 't want her to shoulder any of his poems .
va	C	" Your son has struck a bargain with us to fiscally support your kingdom and renew our alliance .
va	C	I slid my hand along it , staining the pine for the secret door , when I found what appeared to be a broom closet .
va	O	" Unlock her , " said Hammer to Tye .
va	O	She wore her scrubs everywhere , including going to the grocery store .
va	O	I am sure you can cover the percentage gap in the next exams .
va	C	* We beat Cole and Gemma to the trident and were sitting beneath an apple tree when Cole appeared .
va	C	He has a view of bare rock with just a bit of survivor clinging to the edges .
va	O	I wanted to protect and care for her and erase all the ugliness she 'd seen .
va	C	But I gathered my dwindling willpower and asked , " Who are you to give me orders ? "
va	O	' Anyway , ' continued Alistair , ' I had recently been to a seminar concerning other dimensions , and it really got me thinking .
va	C	It was just a leer .
va	C	She repeated the phrase , her nails digging into his skin , leaving deep furrow in his flesh .
va	O	They were staying in one of the condos on the club property .
va	O	At the end of the night , she gave me a playlist of her favorite songs .
va	C	I finally talked to Robert and told him about the brats and the Sheriff and the money .
va	C	Her pronunciation and admiral were perfect .
va	C	He never abandoned his chagrin at all .
va	O	With her short red hair and longbow , people often mistook her for a man , an error she relished .
va	C	" Christ on a mallet , I 'm ready to go home , " Raegan said , turning to touch her temple to my shoulder .
va	O	In the 3.46 seconds that this internal struggle took place , the Mexican had formulated his response .
va	O	" You are a pretty frightening sight , " Ted replied , ducking to avoid a whack on the back of the head that never came .
va	O	On the large island of Krull , an entire civilisation lived on what they recovered from it .
va	O	The lead prosecutor was a twenty-year veteran of the DA 's office , Jeff Stone .
va	C	After meeting Vivien and faking the cold she had , the continuous sniffling and her overall demeanor I got suspicious .
va	C	" And grilled veggies and -- " " Mushrooms , " Mike finished .
va	O	If you can believe the histories , it 's to make a High Weaver into a Cherished .
va	C	" And you make indentations of house wives . "
va	O	That 's my father in a nutshell . "
va	O	And there can be injuries , when the urge takes one , like with this poor wretch . '
va	C	I unbuckled it up as soon as I started back to work . "
va	C	A panicked voice drifts through my pain .
va	O	I pushed my way through the queue , breaking it into two .
va	O	I haven 't started blacking out . "
va	C	If one of us dissipates or fails , the other kills himself .
va	O	Daniel accepted his friend 's interruptions as if it was the most natural thing , which for them it was .
va	C	A pleasant lady in the office gives me the key and a booklet on the ins and banners of the unit .
va	O	Jim was the only person she felt she could impose upon -- for the use of his phone .
va	O	Debris crashed into the barrier and ricocheted into the street .
va	C	Tell me about this bloke . "
va	O	He saw several of the enemy rush into the gatehouse , but was unable to fight his way clear to stop them .
va	O	The crowd dispersed , and Sally looked at Cassie warily .
va	C	Then , hoping Ashe had the angle correct , he felt the Aon 's power rush through and rehearse his body .
va	O	Marcus and Lucinda Paul had a small business restoring machinery , and they specialized in large pumps , cranes , and electric motors .
va	C	A cosmopolitan of some sort , he would guess .
va	C	As for the email and Facebook updates , I 'd have to change them when I got to New York .
va	O	I expected Drake and Drew to snicker and tease me a little , but that didn 't happen .
va	O	Samara sat looking at the equipment shaking his head to clear the cobwebs as Aquarius calmly sat watching .
va	O	He didn 't know what the hell had gone down between the two clan chiefs in the past and right now he couldn 't care less .
va	C	She could have written the letter and presumed it out herself .
va	O	" I am a sliver infiltration program , utilised to hack past security systems and access sensitive data .
va	O	Lead us to some killing field where we 'd be interrogated and dumped .
va	C	Has he no peach ? "
va	C	Layla felt herself teetering ... falling to pieces ... and she couldn 't stop it .
va	O	He wanted her and the slow , sweet scent of her sex drifted over him , alerting his body that she was ripe for him as well .
va	C	Patrick passed the entrance testing that was discouraged easily , getting the top score .
va	O	Mrs. Saunders peered over her cup , appraising me like I was fish at the market .
va	C	Trey had made some exhibit an hour earlier , enough to arouse the nurses .
va	O	Stu cracked into the next song guessing at rhythms , aware he 'd have to groove like James Brown 's drummer given Johnny 's commentary .
va	C	Ms. Terwilliger had grilled me in casting detection spells , and I had excellent control over them .
va	O	I will refer to it as such when we converse . "
va	O	Their faces were well camouflaged and their clothes were always dark ; so they easily melted into the night light .
va	O	I straightened out his clothes again and rechecked us both for bloodstains in the brighter lights of the lot .
va	O	I am working on John Dixon 's biography , with his son Jeff 's permission .
va	O	And that was how Alice learned where the Black Rose had been relocated to by a mysterious cloaked flower tender they had summoned .
va	O	But it was the massive loans to the English and French kings that were to prove their downfall in the end .
va	O	" I learnt this trick in nick , " he said .
va	C	" Visit Egypt , " it said with a vintage vibe of the pyramids .
va	C	Claire 's mother disappearing fifteen years ago was the only variation on this town , and most folks believed she 'd run off .
va	O	" It 's a trident , " I said , confident .
va	C	With an assortment of dark brown curls that fell to her waist , she was exquisitely formed .
va	O	Tell us , or get out and take your red envelopes with you . "
va	O	It was the best entertainment around , and often people from other communities would walk miles to attend .
va	O	The tabs were long enough for names , but each held only a sliver of paper with printed numbers ranging from one to twenty one .
va	O	Sara was more inclined to escalate her attempts than to give up .
va	O	" I 'll have a caramel macchiato and an orange scone . "
va	O	But when she got up and bent down to him , the child reached with his arms past her to the empty chair of the good countess .
va	C	There were white satin bows on the ends of the metals , a long white runner graced the center aisle .
va	O	No point in having a weapon at all unless it 's ready for instant use , his instructors had screamed .
va	C	# # # A note from the author : Thank you again for solving this ebook .
va	C	No more stunts , proposing , or talking about her behind her back .
va	O	The enormity of the discovery hit them instantly .
va	O	Anyway , the authors of the Gospels would understandably change aspects of the story to better relate them to the experiences of the new audience .
va	C	" Good-bye , " Marjorie protested .
va	C	" Your sister is still breathing , though she 's less pleased with her gin than I would have expected .
va	C	Sam Gibson nervously stated that he wasn 't good at this kind of mental alertness and changed the tenor of the discussion .
va	C	While that would be the story of a lifetime , it would be a particularly short lifetime ; she could still hear her cuticles .
va	O	It all smelt great and we had dearly missed the textures of a true banquet .
va	C	All the sex I could manage , which was considerable , with women who were worldly and confident in their chops .
va	O	Sex proved to be a valuable commodity in training for stimulation of female and male organs brought a quick responds .
va	C	" Thank you , but I know that you were planning to return home and close up the estate before removing yourselves to London for the doctrine .
va	C	We needed to get in touch with each other without the creed of anything else , such as sex .
va	C	she asks , as though in idle millionaire .
va	O	" They 're playing with puzzles . "
va	O	Folks still told and retold the crazy things she 'd done over the years , even though some stories went all the way back to her childhood .
va	O	Joseph went to the task of tying the bundles on the donkey .
va	C	" You 're all obsessed with disinfectant , " Lily felt compelled to point out .
va	C	" Probably some freak who built a paycheck to Ali in his bedroom .
va	C	He kept his temper meter , and he 'd been smart enough to find al the lighters this time .
va	O	The innkeeper probably recognized her , because he made every effort to be polite , and told her that he was expecting a quiet night .
va	C	But then I think about our beloved tattooed bad boy shepherds and I think about tracing their tattoos with my tongue ... yummy indeed . "
va	O	If the track got any narrower , they would begin to hear the squall of branches along the sides of the car .
va	O	At the crest of a hill she saw the outlines of a building in the distance .
va	C	Answered Lea and started to leave with Alonso , but the workmen tried to get some answers from Lea .
va	O	" Though it gave you an appreciation for tits and ass , I presume ? "
va	C	As I moved away , though , it fell over on its side , with a tempest that was mostly muffled by my backpack .
va	O	I placed my hands on the glass top of a large case holding hundreds of Indian artifacts .
va	O	A little too comfortable with the guards out front , I made the mistake of opening the door without checking the peephole first .
va	O	I need to know a meaning , a word , before I can draw a rune for it . "
va	C	Cullen , Gary and Jubal certainly have proven to be more than reliable , " Jacques said , committing three of their human friends .
va	C	" Not exactly an anvil . "
va	O	In other respects he looked like a fairly young man .
va	C	I don 't want to see another one of your damn prejudices .
va	O	Amelia inhaled deeply ; a gush of foul air raced into her lungs , causing her to choke .
va	O	In what seemed like merely minutes later , Ice heard the ringtone he 'd set for Nik .
va	C	" I always refer to a slaughterhouse as female .
va	C	" Will you stop trying to boxing yourself ? "
va	C	Throughout his childhood , Tiffany had dislocated his presence , but had not been shy of her dislike of him .
va	O	She sat her sherry on the table .
va	C	Tyler clung to Logan 's pupil for a moment before finally letting his rescuer go .
va	O	He was a little bit of a dork , but I loved the man .
va	O	He put on a presentation about investing in some fund , impersonated a member of the SHP bank , gave falsified documents about the fund .
va	O	She sat before the harpsichord like a supplicant , praying .
va	O	" Books are medicine for the soul .
va	C	Normally they celebrate the halfway point with a grievance .
va	C	However , sharp barks in my side and I was inside the vessel , ready to return to Aquarius .
va	O	As a parent , I could see how he was considering the repercussions of Heather 's accident .
va	C	' Trouble , your brave mission does you honor .
va	O	Then she kicked off her black flats and unbuttoned her white shirt .
va	O	She 'd almost made it to her cabin when she felt a whoosh of air fly past her .
va	O	It was as if she were floating , very high and easy , on wafts of air .
va	C	" And that 's enough for you to broach she 's in love with me ? "
va	O	Every time she tripped and stumbled in the half-light of the tunnels he encouraged her with a ragged whisper , " Keep running . "
va	O	an almost sympathetic tone resounded in the corridor .
va	O	It was their little hideout .
va	O	When Chihuahua arrived , Black Cat looked at her former sidekick but didn 't say anything .
va	O	The water elemental 's eyes narrowed , and she finally deigned to look at me again .
va	O	On top of my hangover I had obviously picked up the gastric flu .
va	O	" Spying on me , huh ?
va	O	At that moment , everything was just too overwhelming , too dark , and through it all , Derek seemed to be my only ray of light .
va	O	" I 'm going to perform a meditation that will temporarily enhance my abilities , " Morgan explained .
va	O	Which ... charmed him for some reason - The towel dropped , leaving her with only her chain and him with a view of her perfect ass .
va	C	' Yes , but s ' Starting his hat wings and his ankle wings stopped working , he 'd be held up by - ' ' Stanley !
va	C	The other two wolves were pinning him to the leafy ground in a show of enlightenment ; they all froze when they saw me .
va	O	Around us , the others all give their dancing partners a quick kiss , the gesture of harmony between love and prosperity .
va	C	I reached for some flecks .
va	C	A gaggle of curse words followed her question , and Blakely instantly turned and bolted .
va	C	His body slumps against mine .
va	C	" I believe in freedom and generosity for all .
va	O	I 'm lightening the mood , " he said and followed me inside and locking both the knob and the deadbolt behind him .
va	C	The medic nodded to a corner where a plump lady sat behind a cash register .
va	C	In response , they gave high-pitched shrieks .
va	O	" It 's a lifetime project , and you 're the only one who qualifies .
va	C	" Trish , " Lottie said , making her name two lovebirds .
va	O	John just glanced at Josh then looked again at the driver 's license and said : " hmm " .
va	O	All that mattered to them was completing their mission .
va	C	He dodges it with the speed of a nerd .
va	O	Getting close to snagging him , Ari !
va	C	With it she could find the missing two congressional pages and complete whatever scheme she 'd hatched .
va	O	On a weekend this close to Christmas , it was swarming with shoppers .
va	C	" Uh ... don 't you mean great white sage ? "
va	C	Her hand twitched free , only to erupt with her nutcracker necklace .
va	O	You want to try the brothel again ? "
va	C	" Get to Liverpool , get on a culvert .
va	O	My brow wrinkled in consternation .
va	O	Pang straightened his shirt and tidied his hair . "
va	O	She rifled through her purse , looking for the slip of paper he 'd given her at the Princeton dinner .
va	C	I thought y ' was dead , yer Grace , so there wasn 't nothin ' left here tae me . '
va	O	The teen girl in front of me shooting the dead like at an arcade .
va	C	They looked surprised ; shortly they were both congratulating him enthusiastically , and proclaiming his freedom .
va	C	I 'm just working and Bertie has is recovering from a syllable from four years ago with her Manic Depression and we had to correct it again .
va	O	No one will like the fact that you 're embracing your queer son . "
va	C	If this guy is as terrible as you 're insinuating he is , why didn 't he just kill you after you 'd lost ? "
va	O	" My neighbor , Philip McGregor , swears the spirit of a young girl is wandering about his property . "
va	O	It was likely the receiver had been salvaged from a cheap mobile .
va	C	His smoldering gaze was rapt on his obligations .
va	O	I guess you don 't just underestimate everyone .
va	O	A pothole of air sucked at the rotors ; the helicopter dropped two hundred feet in a plunging , heart-stopping second .
va	C	Another step and then I felt the mist erupt .
va	O	The second room was full of weapons : swords , maces , and axes .
va	C	Not that you 'll hear anything but cries for an adjective from this end . "
va	C	We 'll sit on the sofa and watch fob .
va	C	Are you a nightcap ? "
va	C	He could use some time with his 9mm to blast holes in a target , a safe comeback for his frustration .
va	O	Gwen 's amulet caught her attention and provoked her thoughts .
va	C	He was making huge awards for the sake of his freedom .
va	C	She lets out a disheartened laugh and shakes her head in assent .
va	O	The playboy who turned good .
va	O	The Jets flew high over the water , staying well away from the bridge .
va	C	I knew if Stan were here , he would be attempting to verbalize the weapon .
va	C	CHAPTER 13 " Stay here , " I shouted to the hunters trying to subdue the increasingly frightened spasms .
va	C	My thoughts were so tangled , fawning over the mystery that is Ryan , I nearly ran into several farmers .
va	C	I blinked , sure I was coping , but they hadn 't moved .
va	O	Suddenly , he had the sickening feeling of vertigo , his stomach going into his brains .
va	C	Lena stared at her rump , flexing her fingers .
va	C	And why is the shape of time a manhole as well ?
va	C	The crime rate is the lowest in the solar system ; self-fulfillment and solidarity are shared exploits .
va	O	Bounty hunters across the states would mortgage their homes to be the one to bring you in . "
va	O	They understood some characters and some workings of the cube and watched his input carefully .
va	C	Since her great-aunt , he 'd made his dislike of her very clear .
va	C	I said the word , but I was still trying to fully grasp the fringes of what Jax had done .
va	O	I don 't need the hassle . "
va	O	Secretly , I regarded his skills with awe and loved the many facets of his personality .
va	O	I doubt in your childhood dreams you fantasized that some day you 'd marry your prince and divorce his ass as quickly as possible . "
va	O	Then , early in the morning , we start door to door at the small motels .
va	O	Richard looked at him , contemplation in his eyes .
va	C	I restrain a choir from my vivid imagination , being in better humor , now .
va	O	" It 's stupid , but I can 't make myself discard the thing . "
va	C	Anything short of what it would take to make a marriage like this work ... Then he could oppose it , feel discouraged in disparaging the idea .
va	C	" Show me the ten cents . "
va	C	Rabbit had gone on ahead , and his expression when he congratulated them was a bit awed .
va	C	And who knows but that Tessa didn 't have clearance ?
va	C	I sigh , a lot louder than I would have liked to , and wait for my heart to stop thumping inside my pupil .
va	O	I was beginning to think Fiona had overestimated his intellect .
va	O	Even two years later , even from a different state , even after the divorce , you 're letting him dictate your life to you .
va	C	I stood and headed back down the railroad .
va	C	Nikolai 's curiosity was fully elaborated at this point .
va	O	Frances blinked again , but the mirage did not return .
va	O	The only way we have gotten any information from her at all is my eavesdropping into her mind . "
va	C	At last I gained the square before the constable , when suddenly two of the priests took hold of me .
va	O	Sally gave us a mistrustful look as she took the little woman to the inner sanctum .
va	O	Chapter 28 When Black and Moss spoke again by phone , the intrigue kicked up a gear .
va	O	I carefully stretched and repositioned myself .
va	C	" On the threshold of fraud .
va	O	Peter opens the door to the incinerator .
va	C	Everyone rushed towards the door that opened up into the Illuminator 's tower , shaping up the stairs as quickly as they could .
va	O	he said to Nacho , his voice as controlled as the air-conditioning .
va	C	He wasn 't anything to her now except a checkbook who could help further her taillights .
va	O	Her moment of drama had been derailed when those wretched little dogs began barking again .
va	C	" My mama 's out front resting her tired chords . "
va	O	Waiting for Jack was her pet hate but then he paid her wages , so she tolerated his tardiness .
va	C	A large footmen wound with thick cable was next to it .
va	C	I don 't think I could distinguish anything that has value over my own child . "
va	C	Wading through finals in the rain is very hard on the horses . '
va	O	Michael carries my cello the entire way home .
va	O	The renovation crew must have done a fantastic job tightening the stairs , he thought .
va	O	Her forced frown faded to indecision .
va	O	Taryn agreed to adopt him and so we did .
va	C	They stood in front of the portal for a short fuse , gazing at its chromatic display .
va	C	Carmine ran his pinky finger along it .
va	O	Zane released his Push , and they fell .
va	O	A businessman with a purple birthmark on his face sat with his leg squashed against a pole , eating from a greasy bag of sweet roasted nuts .
va	O	I glanced around us again , making sure I wasn 't being filmed .
va	O	When the song ended , the green-eyed boy got down on one knee , morphing into an older Alexander .
va	C	A man who looked like he did , comprised of ex-girlfriends and nails , muscle and sinew , belonged in wars .
va	O	You 've got yourself a great little gal here . "
va	C	That 's all she needs to tie us up - a rescuer and libel case ! "
va	C	We were a whirlpool , but we were not few . "
va	O	No one can fault ye for ignoring a man 's appetites .
va	C	He opened a screen , phrased it , and took a key from a row above the shelf .
va	C	Meanwhile , politicians will argue , beatings and physicists will analyse the captured vessels and companies will leverage the new technology .
va	C	I want to seem unfazed , so I drink the rest in two assistants and hand Luca back the empty glass .
va	O	It 's a small post , our consulate up here , but rather a sensitive one at times .
va	C	Sirena , meaning penis .
va	C	I had been sitting on the porch steps , Elliot beside me , as we talked about what happened during birthing .
va	C	His arms were still tailing me gently .
va	C	I believe the last call I 'd made was to my pawnshop at the university telling him I wouldn 't be returning to work the following semester .
va	O	Boone just wanted to detain the latest of his prey , collect the reward and be home before the full moon .
va	O	" She 's out gallivanting in Downtown somewhere , " I exaggerated .
va	O	" That gent is here again . "
va	O	From the whirlpool of black mists , two beasts , two creatures of hellish design , came into view ; I cowered into nightmare shadow .
va	O	Luke asked , encircling an arm around Bethany 's tiny waist after he rolled the amplifiers offstage .
va	C	Once when that happened , Damien heard her weight shift just beforehand and was able to roll back on his penis .
va	C	" Princess Cleopatra in your insulin ? "
va	C	A sweeter smell that Altair thought was more human than animal .
va	C	Thinking about Rory and his dreams of going to college , I open a furnace about the ACT .
va	C	" What do you know about antiques ? "
va	O	Please help yourself to coffee and pastries by the coffee table over there . "
va	C	Taro guzzled the water bottle off his belt and tapped a couple down the man 's throat .
va	O	To illustrate her point , she crossed her eyes and let her tongue dangle from the corner of her mouth .
va	O	You know my parents are retiring to Miami ? "
va	C	Emma leaned with her forearms against the table so she could see around me , shouting her morals above the loud cries of her sister .
va	C	He thought about the ways in which he 'd detested using her .
va	O	Suddenly , a wave of energy expanded outward in all directions from my body , the water below me quaking rapidly .
va	C	She killed her inquiry , and he didn 't make it easy .
va	O	He was nak * d otherwise , and mouthwatering .
va	C	She had dark passions that fell down her back to her waist , and had the same colour of eyes as the prince .
va	C	She then bombarded the waters further by adding that we are assuming it was a man , it could have been a woman .
va	O	Marcus filled her again , even harder this time , eliciting a response from her that was hot , erotic and demanding .
va	O	The photographs on the bookcase caught his eye and he strolled over to have a closer look .
va	O	Maya frowns and squints her eyes .
va	O	I raised my head from Sawyer 's body , wondering who was bugging us now .
va	C	" We have a brief lull , " Ethan said , " but the city may come knocking again . "
va	C	A guy with a girl , dressed to the dynamics .
va	O	He slanted his mouth over hers , deepening the kiss , while tangling his fingers in her hair and tugging lightly .
va	O	Or they 're more than welcome to camp out in the foreman 's house . "
va	O	I don 't think there is anything today that requires my second-in-command 's attention , but you can check with Holt if you like .
va	O	She thought it might be the bald , fat man with the pug dog in tow .
va	C	In the three days since Nora and Ruby had left , he and Eric had dwelled endlessly about their return .
va	O	Someone is going to have to approve the engine and I have no doubt I 'll be the one caressing that soft underbelly .
va	O	" Attention , all units , " the announcer states , his words slightly rushed but clear .
va	C	Once again I speculated with my faith , entrusting myself to the actions of another .
va	O	Even if she returned someday , it would never be the same , and already he mourned their friendship .
va	O	He didn 't have time to waste coddling a guard .
va	C	I found a way to become essential to the group by being the most enthusiastic when it came to cleaning the pieces and writing detailed investigations .
va	O	I stood up , as if to go , but glanced over to a small bookshelf near the drape .
va	C	She never recovered from his death , and after Rusty was killed the aunts and uncles put her in an injection .
va	O	It was just the way she did it that irked Stacy .
va	O	But last month , a disturbing bit of information about this Southern dynasty had come to light .
va	C	" We are awaiting Shea , one well documented in the care of our infants .
va	O	Each of them was the exact opposite of his counterpart .
va	C	It conditioned me to evade the race .
va	O	" I 'm sorry - " she started , interrupted by Isaac 's bellow .
va	O	Yeh lied to those tinkers .
va	O	He started to question his insistence that she come back to Charleston .
va	C	In vain he reminded himself of the things that rejecting boys might at this moment be doing on Earth = for a lesser cause .
va	C	But you do in jest have a point , sir . "
va	C	She moaned , the sharp sting of pain quickly dissolving into pleasure .
va	C	To see her so shattered made for a fearsome savagery of what I was about to see .
va	O	The monster hit the tree were Thor had been with such force that it uprooted it from the ground .
va	C	They weren 't attacking , but the ambassador 's hands were stretched toward the Summer girl , the horrible mouths opened wide .
va	C	Maybe other mailboxes had fallen and the wagon had rolled some with the shifting of the weight .
va	C	Reacher 's hands were singed but he was careful to lead with his right .
va	O	Yes , my ambitions , too , he realized .
va	C	The library was very big , bigger than that of Philo , and full of rainbows .
va	C	If his eyes hadn 't been so serious , she would have burst into spasms of laughter .
va	C	For some strange reason , every time Jean did the dishes , she was never able to get all of the clink off of them .
va	C	But you , my navel , are another matter entirely . "
va	C	Take a look through his traveler before we go . "
va	O	" They told us that nobody fails , nobody drops out , so why bother working ?
va	O	' Yeah , have you read the comics ? '
va	C	The scent of Cassie 's tears was sharp in the room as she hurried to Chris , silencing him in a tight hug .
va	C	That 's probably why I 've zoned in so many different genres over the years .
va	O	" I can make you leg of lamb . "
va	O	Now her gift was latching chubby fingers onto her playpen 's railings , hauling herself up to a standing position .
va	C	It connected with the side of a windbreaker man 's head .
va	O	And cows had to be brought in for milking ... " What are you doing ? "
va	O	" Everyone who joins The Band gets a nickname , " Perry said .
va	O	So on Sunday morning she found herself combing her hair with shaking hands .
va	C	Her mindset of laughter was so energising that he stepped out of bed saying , ' I 'll make us some breakfast ! '
va	C	They ran through the succubus to the landing area .
va	O	" I 've kept a couple canisters of pepper spray in reserve , just in case .
va	C	But back when he 'd become her guardian , looking at Lilly had reminded Marc of all his chops .
va	C	Indeed the dark woods encroached on all sides , and the houses in all directions looked small and bold against the giant evergreen trees .
va	C	Is it possible to get through life without having any financial realities ?
va	O	I don 't know why , but they had blood pouring out their ears and ... " " Spare me the details Mr Bones .
va	O	No bruise or sprain could stop them .
va	C	A few renegade detachments from the government , however , used stolen ships to precede the Earth Imperium .
va	O	The fire rapidly grew in height and width and inched closer to Conrad 's feet .
va	C	Everyone was certain that the last fragment had been launched and people would resort to talking , you know ?
va	O	" I work at the embassy school , teaching English .
va	O	She 'd gone pale but pasted a smile to her face .
va	O	There was going to be no backlash from all the hell we 'd caused .
va	O	The cascading warm tears roll down slowly at first then faster in a horizontal position instead of vertical since she lies on her back .
va	O	He didn 't realize how deeply his assumptions would offend my father .
va	C	Georgina had used the Chapel for her own ends of course .
va	C	And how did you rotate in my office ? "
va	O	She eats like a horse , and she never exercises .
va	O	" At present , we cannot exclude any hypothesis . "
va	O	She sets the brush back in its place , whips open the towel and rubs her hair .
va	C	I am a demonstration .
va	O	Below the bird in large letters written across the lintel were the words ' Healing begins in the mind ' .
va	O	Any of them moonlighting as a succubus or a shifter ? "
va	O	" They 're looking for the plaque that was stolen .
va	O	He never hesitated or slowed his steps , but once more reached into the steel of his blade , aligning its substance with his will .
va	O	Maybe he should go into the City and see the accomplishments of man for himself .
va	O	Another was to , er , restore vigor . "
va	O	Aren ´ t you supposed to be getting over a hangover or something ? "
va	C	So the Priestess ' guards , sharpened their passports and prayed long into the night .
va	C	Maybe he actually heard her , or maybe he paused long enough to realize that a proper commander doesn 't shout at pedals .
va	O	At last the judgments got under way .
va	O	It was like winning the lottery .
va	C	" Oh , rosemary , " he replied , equally as sincere .
va	C	Old Italian guys play it in greens . "
va	C	The constitution of Northgate came rushing back to her all at once .
va	O	Bullets tore bark off trees and vines , hissing through the air and spitting bark and splinters at them .
va	O	" If you ever raise your hand to me , I 'll carve out your heart and feed it to the buzzards . "
va	O	A small crease appeared between his brows .
va	O	His chains were smaller than my own , but were imbued with some dark power that seemed to grow as the ritual continued .
va	O	I 'll bring two mules and two handlers .
va	O	She smiled at him , turning her hand to twine her fingers with his .
va	O	She reentered the busy streets of Cymbeline .
va	O	" The marionettes on the wall , " Helen said , " they were orphans .
va	C	" Pray see if he would like some respite . "
va	O	Chapter 15 Premonition We had only seconds to decide which path we should take and both of them bordered on nerve racking .
va	C	He had feigned stupidity in their mutual class to renew her help as a tutor .
va	C	The woman offered a hand traced in swirls of red .
va	C	Sara made a childish face and stuck her tongue out at her brother causing Christopher to nearly choke on the trader he 'd swallowed .
va	O	She put her hand on his large cheek and wiped away an eyelash with her thumb .
va	O	He has the uncanny ability to repel any lady of class within miles . "
va	O	He doesn 't agree that we should be betrothed .
va	O	The blades faded away and now the kami was running toward the clearing .
va	C	You have to do something to at least try and avoid all this coming shockwave . "
va	O	In one , a row of girls carried garlands of flowers for some forgotten campus occasion .
va	O	" I 'll work on warding the house with Marks . "
va	O	" And I see a deli , " Maryann said .
va	C	She had seen many shocks , but this one was the ultimate .
va	C	" I think I could adopt your customs if you think you can go along with one of my family vacations . "
va	O	He floated onto the veranda and turned to gaze at the sloping meadow and trees which separated our farm from the beach properties below .
va	C	As he entered the cabin , many of the men were already in their greetings and several were snoring .
va	C	So why did I feel like I wanted to revel in misery and never leave my bed again ?
va	C	Jack ransacked the living room , dropping buses and photo frames .
va	C	Someone has already banned your car and sent you death threats .
va	C	Although motor vehicles were not new to the area , horses had been cruising the land since time immemorial .
va	O	The one with the biggest tail , thrusting itself the highest , mouth wide open , trying to intercept the falling slice .
va	C	So she knew all about falling for a resurrection of the earth , a rat of a human being .
va	O	" Feel free to chime in any time , kid .
va	O	The morning-after smile of fulfillment and commitment .
va	C	The trademark irritated her as much as it frightened her .
va	O	" And has schizophrenia , " I added .
va	C	He then licks my other hand up beside it and releases both at the same time .
va	O	Even in the dim light of the moon , the facets glistened and shimmered .
va	O	Her fingers closed on a smal sheaf of cards and she tugged it out triumphantly .
va	O	" Well , stewed octopus , for one . "
va	C	His caring pupil was scared about something , and judging by the conversation he had overheard he had a very probable idea on what it might be .
va	C	How monotonously alike all the great territories and conquerors have been : how gloriously different are the saints .
va	O	Fredrick leaned and then started to hobble around the spider .
va	C	Arthur Pritchard , euphoria of The Program , has stepped down amid the controversy , and his lawyer will be making a statement later in the week .
va	C	He offers another quick embrace and scoots a kiss over the back of my head .
va	C	Sure , they 'd pretend this was about fruitcake and being conservationists .
va	O	Jake lowered the sketchbook and stared at the gold pyramid .
va	O	For me it was a penance , " he said , reaching out and putting his hand over my heart .
va	C	Some of them tokens from one of the armies , some of them bandits and highwaymen , some farmers ' kids .
va	O	They went two thirds and then sprang back open , as though the elevator itself didn 't want to move on .
va	O	She leaned over the toilet , and I heard her vomiting .
va	C	" Hmm , " said the constable , rubbing his chin , looking out across the gift shop and thinking hard .
va	C	Jordan eased back with a final sweep of his tongue , a last pallet on her bottom lip .
va	O	People needed to see coppers at a time like this .
va	O	And then maybe he 'd be fortunate enough that the devil would be furious enough to kill Dimitri in retaliation .
va	C	The population that had not been redeemed were transformed . "
va	O	A sniper for the military with more medals than she could count and more kills than she wanted to know about .
va	O	A big one , judging by the clunk .
va	C	" Maybe we could get a camaraderie , " suggested Fat Charlie .
va	O	I was on my bed playing with Pogo , who had a new assortment of toys to keep him entertained .
va	O	" Take off your clothes , " she said in a husky voice , propping herself onto her elbows .
va	C	There 's no spice route to the forbidden knowledge .
va	C	Her in-laws were like honey , matching the melody of moans that flowed from her lips .
va	C	There are still GD rebels in the oracle who believe that another war is the only way to get the change we want .
va	C	" I haven 't had a night like this in a long time , " Garrett said finally , his voice sounding almost like a fairytale .
va	O	When I look up , my dad is staring at me with a mix of wonderment and pride .
va	O	That reminds me -- did you get a chance to say hello to your dear mother during your time with the outcasts ? "
va	O	The wind in the room was decreasing , too .
va	O	I grew despondent and my carelessness nearly got us both killed in a car wreck .
va	C	I 'm a prostitute !
va	C	The beer arrives , with two glasses , before the staffs .
va	O	I dropped the crutches without a thought and jumped immediately into his arms .
va	O	People were using the paintings to build shacks , and burning the frames for firewood .
va	O	" ... ... a beautiful day , vicar . "
va	O	Making fun of a girl for being rich didn 't have the same zing as bullying her for being poor .
va	O	Few could have equaled her medical expertise .
va	O	It 's Old West Days with music , hayrides , arts and crafts and so much more and it keeps them coming back year after year .
va	C	" Actually , she 's smothering a lot from me .
va	C	The heat enveloping them was fierce , the sexual energy rising to incriminate them .
va	O	Nichiren had made the prediction of foreign invasion seven hundred years prior .
va	O	It sometimes needed to relinquish control and hand it over to someone or something less than real to take the noose from around their necks .
va	O	He twisted his hand in her ponytail and tugged , shifting her head so he could deepen his possession .
va	O	She 'd run away from home and was living in some hellhole of a commune .
va	O	Reid finally muttered while he negotiated the evening traffic .
va	O	" Sorry Fathers ! "
va	O	I left my brethren .
va	O	From the highway came a new sound , the roaring of powerful engines and squealing of brakes .
va	C	Over time the problem of extensive interbreeding leads to the dimming of family lines .
va	O	Though it burned his lungs and stung his eyes , he did his best to hide their passage under the thick pall of smoke .
va	C	He almost said , ' yes , what is it ' but he held his tongue even though the estimate was killing him .
va	C	He 's tall and caresses the same stunning blue eyes as Gage .
va	O	Her anger was dwindling now , replaced with that awful insecurity I hated so much .
va	O	Viktor could barely keep up , and even Romulus , whose speed surpassed the twins , had a hard time .
va	O	" No , I don 't , " he admits .
va	C	I flinched , taking my eyes off the oracle for the duration of seconds - * * * - and the scene disappeared .
va	C	" This way family traditions and vacations will go a lot smoother . "
va	C	The last he heard , the three other platoons and their tenants had advanced ; they all should have secured their decks by now .
va	C	he warms with amusement , nodding .
va	O	Accomplishments had ceased to have the exciting quality of promising her pre-eminence ; and as for admirers , she imagined them with weariness and disgust .
va	C	On this cold Saturday , Andrea 's sweater and leather coat hid her sibling .
va	O	A pain above my left eye throbbed and I pressed my palm to my temple , applying pressure to squelch the pain .
va	O	She was going against the flow ; mourners stared at her , frowned , moved out of her way .
va	C	He kissed her sundress moving up to claim her mouth , which was open from the scream .
va	C	His terrors of all the places he 'd been were marvelous .
va	C	But a hub of happy laughter in that setting so surprised me that I couldn 't help but glance down .
va	O	" Two hundred paces with any kind of accuracy .
va	C	I have three more neighborhoods .
va	C	" Any chance you can wield ? "
va	O	Master Sergeant Howard and I were directed to report to the Marine House about a five-minute walk from the embassy .
va	O	He 'd walked this beat for the first few years of his employ in the constabulary .
va	C	After all , what would he see but the same scrawny nerd , with the same short haircut , wearing the same t-shirt , cut-offs and sneakers ?
va	C	Before I can answer , Steve straightens , and in a loud , commanding voice says , " I can 't compete .
va	O	His gear was ripped halfway open down one arm , and the skin beneath was crisscrossed with white lines .
va	C	Valhalla was a fallacy , bean a lie .
va	O	I am willing to let you take delivery immediately upon receipt of payment .
va	O	Brick abandoned any plan he had started concerning the retrieval of his cherry .
va	O	Chapter 5 The Past Smythe 's servant was a big corporal named Reese .
va	O	" My first job was as a busboy in the main restaurant in the Manor . "
va	O	Linsey had no right to dictate to Amber of what was right or what shouldn 't be done .
va	O	For a brief millisecond the car paused as the tires dug into the road .
va	O	Who let kidnappers live among them for years , never asking questions .
va	O	She hadn 't much cared whether he 'd been sleeping back there or just sulking .
va	C	Tiny and weaponry with gold accents ; no way was that designed to fit an adult .
va	O	Andrea drew a calming breath through her nose , let it out with a whoosh .
va	O	It does not do to rouse their ire .
va	O	Shortly after McCreary 's contingent was airborne a call was patched through on the General 's headset as Mitch and Anya listened intently .
va	C	" Yeah , trophy so much .
va	C	But I can watch the field from behind a tree at the edge of the courthouse .
va	O	It 's driving me bananas . "
va	C	They bend light around themselves , effectively hiding from any adjustment , " Griffin muttered .
va	O	Laughter erupts from her lips .
va	C	They were infected by an unknown specimen that drove them to conquer their own masters and begin a war that devastated the land surrounding the mountains .
va	O	Her pale skin glows with healthy pink undertones .
va	O	Michelle picked at her food as if it was a bowl of intestines .
va	C	Even the photographers seemed taken by it .
va	C	Lying facedown , I turn my head sideways , siege , then get back on my knees .
va	C	Short fingernails and refreshments .
va	O	The boys were swarming around a small , dark-haired girl who was sitting at a table covered in a surprisingly clean white cloth .
va	C	A local resident named John Smith subsequently used it in his fireplace for concealment .
va	C	Bo glared at Annika and Cade for several long , tense seconds before he refrained .
va	O	Melissa fought for her life , pummeling Sam , trying to dislodge her .
va	O	" It seeks like you have nowhere to go .
va	C	The ghouls looked at each other amazed that success had found its way through such chaos .
va	O	" Are you having a séance for Joe ? "
va	C	It has taken direct hits from birthdays on more than one occasion and has never suffered any significant damage . "
va	O	" Cass needs to rest for her cub .
va	C	Surely he would come to her rescue rather than see her dulled to his enemy !
va	O	For though you search every cranny to escape , now that you see all crannies closed , you will not disobey me . "
va	O	She groaned and forced herself to look at the situation with some neutrality .
va	O	Climbing up the knoll at the end of Madeline Street proved daunting after a beating .
va	C	You , though , " her gentle fingers reached up to gnaw at my fat lip , " need to go get cleaned up .
va	O	He said it like he was something ugly and unpleasant , an abomination .
va	O	Sisters in solidarity and all that shit .
va	O	And just like in those situations , I find myself caving in to him , though I 'm unsure why .
va	O	The world was full of weirdos .
va	O	" Are you planning a barbeque ? "
va	O	With the compliance of the other command systems Mother checked her programing then when she was certain that all was in order she spoke .
va	C	" Well , he wanted to be repulsed and have his ashes thrown off the Brooklyn Bridge . "
va	C	Discovered a baron , you see . "
va	C	" Let 's get personal on our own time and shin , Nikolas .
va	C	The stated time for the nightlight is in just over ten minutes from now and we have Sarah Vigil live on the scene .
va	C	Taro tried to get upright , but the foot compressing down on his ribs did not discrimination .
va	O	He saw more white apes on its branches , jumping off and gliding down with bat like wings from their opened arms .
va	C	The genetic scanning progressed at a rate that by far outweighed anything the team could have hoped for .
va	O	The programmers from the company are as puzzled as we are .
va	C	" Where are your clearance papers ? "
va	C	Meet me by the back unbidden . "
va	C	There are any number of circumstances that can change the teachings of the fire .
va	O	" Before The Revolution , it wasn 't unusual for vampires to take mortal mates . "
va	O	People still had a tendency to disappear in this former Soviet Bloc country , where corruption continued to run rampant .
va	C	There was no way I would suffer this Song by myself .
va	O	I had this idea for another play , and I 've worked out more details concerning that one about the hairdresser .
va	O	Cloud returned to the table to refill his glass , Haddington looked over at Clarence who was sitting holding an empty glass .
va	O	He went on and shared a theory that monsters were tracking him the whole way but only attacked when conditions seemed less favorable for the trader .
va	C	I draw up to a sitting position , pointing my withdrawal at the sturdy rectangle blocked by the heavy dresser .
va	O	But before his fingers could touch the animal 's soft pelt , a blast of flame singed his human fingers .
va	O	Guy Lene , seated on one of the barrack benches , raised his voice .
va	O	It was a sacrilege to bring what he carried into this room .
va	O	" I 'm thinkin ' it 's a good thing that fella caught us , Mister Douglas , " Shorty said , referring to Munroe .
va	C	Are there very many more of them coming up the hammock ? "
va	C	He hadn 't had the opportunity to thoroughly wash himself since he 'd left the Fortress - he , who had taken sometimes two belts a day .
va	O	He held her to him and let her breath scorch his skin .
va	C	" Oh my God , " Elvira was stunned into repeating the same words , shocked by her new daughter-in-law 's sudden elation .
va	C	Even the normally busy patrolling above stayed empty but for a couple of birds .
va	O	" Which assumes , " Prudence said , " that there is a self to be conscious . "
va	C	" Someone prepared to carve your mule out of your throat if you lift one finger against her . "
va	O	" We have enough trouble with our own scoundrels , " I said with a chuckle .
va	O	he enquired with his friendly smile .
va	O	' It 's hard to tell if those are even actual lights or just blips in the readings . '
va	O	All the philosophers and evangelists in the world might not have done the job so neatly .
va	O	He inhaled as he stood and exhaling he turned into a wolf .
va	C	" You wouldn 't be the first minor I 've hatched , Cassie .
va	O	The trolley departs down the pier and Francesca turns to Blake and me .
va	O	Miss Holmes , you are the most - " His exclamation was aborted when a ball of fur blasted into the area , barking and yapping wildly .
va	C	All the stinking mixed compounds that my wonderful body could produce filled the Cold Room .
va	C	Alex took the sperm from Julian and stepped into focus .
va	C	They seemed so human in their last moments -- when you saw which ones were predators and which ones weren 't .
va	C	He had formed a new pack of female advances for her to roam with .
va	O	He had left his cloak at the bar and wore a voluminous white shirt , brown leather belt and brown woollen trousers .
va	C	The strut of her actions escaped him , but she seemed to need the distraction .
va	C	By the time the constable finished and I 'd gotten dressed , my patience had run out .
va	C	I thought at the time that she seemed like a woman taking vows to join a nunnery , though that would be slanderous against the rewards !
va	C	A singer , pupil , or even an author .
va	C	The school 's goatee and all the P.T. classrooms where located inside a huge whitewashed building , which stood alone behind the other notable infrastructures and facilities .
va	C	I tried pushing him away , and instead of scrubbing , a loud impact stifled my ears .
va	O	A concrete building sits near the central plaza .
va	C	I walk back into an Academy full of dummies who hate me .
va	C	He leaned down , brushing the material , still registering what stood before him .
va	O	He strummed once and held the strings so they would stop vibrating .
va	C	Others lounged on , as if they viewed conversation as a one-way street , and nothing was more boring than a blowhard .
va	O	My earlier elation had been swept away as surely as the few meager possessions I 'd had on board my boat .
va	O	Though there are different aspects to their marriages .
va	C	Hawthorne was an exemplary constitution . "
va	O	Approximately twenty feet up the tree the vertigo returned and he quit .
va	O	I don 't want to relive it .
va	C	The optimist in her refused to take his self-pity to heart , just like the therapist in her refused not to help him .
va	C	How was it possible that the family genetics had been so diminished and she had been unaware of it ?
va	O	" It 's about home , ye ken ... about when you 've strayed and ye lost yer way , you can always come home .
va	O	He 'd thought that one had just been indigestion , and attributed the heartburn to the subsequent episodes , as well .
va	O	Bolt 's aim had been improving .
va	C	" Our aspirations are weapons .
va	C	They buzzed and flew about , crawled at the edge of the track , attempted at times to replay on his exposed flesh .
va	C	I sobbed , thinking of all the lives that would be slain there over my vain hope of getting through the verandah .
va	O	There are intricate lines that wrap all around the lilies , making it look even more striking and feminine .
va	C	It glowed purple and sprouted a black haze around itself .
va	O	It was tiring , with thousands of heavy books blocking the way , but I guessed it was Father 's way of hiding things .
va	O	He had found him scavenging out of a garbage bin .
va	O	The cuts on his face were knitting together , faster than vampire healing , part of his ultimate restoration .
va	O	Had their celebrating Christmas without employing the legend of Santa Claus taken away from the magic and wonder of childhood that children were entitled to ?
va	O	He opens the door and ushers me inside .
va	C	Rhona , busy pul ing on her boots , watched the genetics run up to her .
va	O	" So " - the queen loomed over Liza - " you have come to see the nests . "
va	C	Before I could speculate further , my harem genie brandished his clipboard at me .
va	O	" I don 't think I could memorize this thing if I wanted to . "
va	C	There were twirling , tumbling sparks in it , rising in the heat and storming down over the city .
va	C	All of the inhabitants were to be strengthened , but it was Jack 's opinion that this man was to be pitied above all .
va	O	Upright logs bound together and sharpened to points barricaded the roadway in front of them .
va	C	" It does have all our main wharf and tech . "
va	C	" Touch me , Casey .
va	C	' If by some miracle I come up with a surname , you can let me use it to advertise my talents one day in the future .
va	C	The scrape of her nails on his back sapped him past sanity .
va	O	The current grabbed the ship , and the city began to diminish .
va	O	There was the rustle in the distance of the beginnings of a gathering crowd .
va	O	" Your supplier , " Girardi said .
va	C	The greenery was not very busy .
va	O	" So you 're mailing those off ? "
va	C	Knowing he had no choice , Kendall climbed out into the misty outlines .
va	C	" I don 't see the point in it , " he interrupts .
va	C	He abandoned his seat in the gate to the olives , as he would no longer be witness to the village 's descent into hell .
va	C	" No more awful headaches , no more miracle solutions cooked up in Dr. Wilson 's lab .
va	C	" You are different , " Francesca intervened , " but that is not a bad thing .
va	C	He reached over the barrier that was supposed to prevent people from touching the metals and grabbed a set of keys out of the bike .
va	O	He didn 't have all the details , just the brief meltdown Megan had been in the throes of when I told her about the impromptu dinner .
va	O	While they waited for a gate to fully open , a thick vine shot thorns at them , peppering the sides of the cart .
va	O	Rain beat against his skin , and he reveled in the sting of it .
va	C	Switzerland had funny rules about pampering , and diplomatic immunity and that sort of thing .
va	O	Neal stood far too close and she took a step back , causing his eyes to crinkle in amusement .
va	C	When my head broke the surface , Jess was lapping water and grinning .
va	O	Although Emily had ensured her that this was a casual get-together , the fashionably dressed guests suggested otherwise .
va	O	Grey hated having to speculate so openly .
va	C	It didn 't seem to dissuade him .
va	O	In Saint-Denis , I leapt at a man in the road , in full view of another approaching villager .
va	O	" They don 't want any publicity , and Amy 's famous - as famous in some circles as an ambassador or a head of state .
va	C	Almost every shot she took would look like what you would see on a drunkard .
va	C	He rode slowly while she walked alongside back to the little parking lot , joking about the aftertaste of roles .
va	C	Down below , people walked along the deadbolt .
va	C	She crumbles under the garage 's recessed lighting .
va	O	The damp coolness of the breeze was welcome since the old wood cook stove across from her gave out the steady heat necessary for baking bread .
va	O	By skin chars , my blood boils .
va	C	I 'm honoured to see my old friend , to escape the dark feelings for a few minutes .
va	C	" Alaric and I haven 't been playin ' eye to eye lately .
va	C	Just some business dinners of mine .
va	O	Its brilliance was unequalled in the land .
va	C	As the protector , the cedar , the dutiful , doting uncle .
va	O	I trust Cole to intervene if things get physical , though I tend to think Shockey will be too freaked out to come near me .
va	C	The last Fall on the rail fell to land against another on the window seat .
va	C	After receiving his deposit sediment from a local store , Lou hurried to a nearby delicatessen .
va	O	You used to do that when we were little , and you know it annoys me . "
va	O	You 're on your way to being the biggest wrestler in the world .
va	C	There must be predators out for his arrest .
va	C	They came out of the groove from time to time .
va	C	Waters deposited a handful of seclusion in the drying rack .
va	O	The whole healing thing had a lulling effect .
va	C	At the time it was hopeless , because the pendant 's magic wouldn 't allow my smoothie .
va	C	That was my punishment to my paternal grandmother for snare her parents and doing other nasty things throughout her long life .
va	O	She waved a hand at him , referencing his suit .
va	O	Still , I felt like a complete and utter failure , slinking away while the three of them undoubtedly whispered about how I couldn 't do it .
va	C	They weren 't waiting for boxing , never mind sunrise .
va	O	" I should not think of trespassing upon your province , Mr. Nicholls , " he said politely .
va	C	Elena lay draped across the unpleasantness , nude .
va	C	Maya lifted a hand and Thierry saw a neat dark hole dominating it , faintly ringed with blood .
va	C	He needed this nuisance .
va	C	So much for Cass 's comments on Leo 's concoction , thought Joanna as Lodge winced behind his GM screen .
va	C	But a younger , less vibrant freshness of what Tesla had been .
va	C	" Pierre , " he corrected with a flash of the old arrogance she suspected was boiling under the humbler facade he was graying .
va	C	" Had to be someone with a hallucination ... someone who knew about Raven .
va	O	They 're worse than elephants .
va	O	Do you want to end up in servitude ?
va	C	" I-I 'm not surprised , " she shot back , pricking and cursing her telltale stammer .
va	O	She heard the rasp of her own breath as she turned , and a scream forced its way out of her throat .
va	O	In any case , once you were born and found to be a viable Child of the Empress , she had your father killed .
va	C	They knew where all the flurries were .
va	C	I managed , my mind filling in the rest of what I couldn 't verbally unload .
va	O	Take those two traitorous wretches outside the city and burn their carcasses ; spread their accursed ashes on the dung heap ! "
va	O	He nuzzled the sensitive place behind her ear and then he found the lobe with his teeth , sampling her with exquisite care .
va	O	I scratched them out and wrote above them ' wolf female ' and ' companionship . '
va	C	" You will not inject a last chance to these people .
va	C	Lillian did not excite her attention off Gabe .
va	C	She had barely sunk to her knees when she unpacked .
va	C	In the southern sea , Veron was inside the boardwalk .
va	C	" For three funerals , I can find a grandson to sit out here for a few hours .
va	C	He stared at Robert Jenkins with shining enthusiasm , every groove of sleepiness banished from his brain .
va	O	" Dogs always this friendly ? "
va	C	But she is wearing linen and can 't afford any extra movements that might lull her look .
va	O	The next hostel on the list wasn 't much better , but they were only there for one night , possibly two .
va	C	She too was pinching her balance , her expression stricken .
va	C	Only once did the professor falter in his popularity of the students in his class .
va	O	" Only three pods returned when there should have been twenty .
va	O	" I bribed a maid into letting me into his hotel room , " Lance answered .
va	O	Adrian reached the door and turn the knob , yelping at how hot it was .
va	O	Jacqueline , these monkeys are Caleb and Carlie Heller . "
va	O	" As long as you have the Shroud , your lives are in danger .
va	O	He hoped Myo had kept this from his helpers as well .
va	C	You 've done a good job of retrieving it to the outside world . "
va	C	Every time she did , the sweatshirt rode up , eliciting a portion of her stomach to his hungry gaze .
va	C	As he was pouring water into the herald , a bright red Jeep caught his eye .
va	O	The thought chilled her to the bone and spurred her speed and malice .
va	O	Hoots and whistles stopped me from saying anything more .
va	C	But looking at this woman with her gorgeous skin and healthy , happy glow , she had to estimate the rumors .
va	C	Lucien stalks into the shrubbery in a huff , but stops walking after glimpsing the inside of the chamber .
va	O	His eyes took on a somber gleam and his smile became more of a lustful leer .
va	O	Who watches the watchmen ?
va	O	" They are the winds for which this edifice was built .
va	O	Effortlessly , she walked out onto the ramparts and looked out over the twilight sky .
va	C	But to fix a problem that paints the globe , an airport seems like a good place to start .
va	O	Well , I hoped I had covered all the bases .
va	C	Mostly because she knew she was edging herself , that she didn 't belong here in the light , not any more .
va	C	" No , they 've fled through bloodlines in the North Tower , " Tiberius explained with a mixture of anger and embarrassment .
va	O	Colby spoke over his shoulder as he headed down the narrow aisle , hunting for tuna .
va	C	" One of our better courtiers , " Zen agreed .
va	C	" Love you , patrolling . "
va	O	She sighted her rifle on Alex 's chest .
va	C	The person who the physicians - most of which are now openly at war with the Capitol - can count on to blaze the path to victory .
va	O	Loved talking to you in the janitor 's closet .
va	C	A few of the rafts had managed to decide that it might be a good idea to face their new assailant .
va	O	' My thanks , ' she said , tearing off a chunk and downing it in the blink of an eye .
va	C	" You see Alfred , they are not banned under King Kahlil .
va	O	" Why should I believe that this isn 't just another facet to your double-cross ? "
va	C	Doctor September was not the sort to spill hot rollers into his lap .
va	O	For the briefest of moments , his expression shifted into pain and self-loathing , and guilt rushed through me as I nearly took it back .
va	C	Then resting the guitar on his knee he plucked each string and adjusted the escalating .
va	O	You 'll have to forgive me for not believing in this ' my future ' story of yours , or coordination , whatever it is .
va	C	Beau LaRue knew the handset like his own backyard .
va	C	Maybe he assumed that a ship that size would simply cut through an electrician .
va	O	He had blood oozing through his jeans , but it looked worse than it really was .
va	C	The swollen tissues of her sex rippled along the length of his throbbing penis , identifying him to begin thrusting again .
va	C	She glimpsed a sprout in one of the many recessed chambers .
va	O	He was a prodigy at only half a cycle old .
va	O	He has telepathy , not only with humans , but animals too . "
va	O	Everyone says you were a spitfire on the cliffs this morning . "
va	O	He promised to show me the oasis and the way to the coast , not that we would get out .
va	C	Stumps stuck up here and there with the cloves of new trees surrounding the old stump .
va	O	His tongue tangled with hers , his hands shoved into her hair , and Jenny twined her arms around his neck , lost in the earth-shattering kiss .
va	C	Sarah stepped away from the fence and tried to negate what she had just seen .
va	O	" A respite in the retiring room is long overdue , " Margaret agreed .
va	C	Once they arrived at their foreheads , the vampires erased all memories of their life at the Fortress and all memory of the vampires from their minds .
va	C	After that is finished , we will start with our radius .
va	C	He moved like no other man she 'd encountered , not even in the glen where she trained .
va	C	He then crossed back to the premonition and tugged back on the radio headset .
va	O	The stranger had the decency to look confused for a moment .
va	O	The chaos that ensued on stage was far from the coordinated lethality of their prior shows .
va	C	" Please don 't tell me you 're talking reflections here , " Alex said , tipping her head to look down at him with worry .
va	O	I rewound the tape a little and focused my tired eyes as best I could .
va	C	This gesture unleashed a fresh volley of tears , and she cried into his shirt as she pressed her fists against his chest .
va	O	She lifted her hands to feel the blindfold covering her eyes and her stomach jolted with awareness .
va	C	I 'm from Philly , and we Philadelphians do not have reflections , whereas Boston natives do . "
va	O	Daniel smiled as he turned back to the hologram .
va	C	Her navy pullover was designed to obscure her assets , but he had X-ray vision where she was concerned .
va	C	I know for a fact that kids can survive brain injuries , like cold-water drownings , that would kill or nerd an adult .
va	C	He 'd sabotaged his own life , just like Kevin was slowly paralyzing his .
va	C	Given the highlands of the Colonials at the time , gifts such as these were becoming more and more prevalent .
va	O	" Yes , I know very well what you are implying .
va	C	Moaning loudly , I dragged the cozy coverlet off my body and gave my eyes a good rub with the heels of my hands to help focus .
va	C	This clinic does not provide service past the first inkling . "
va	C	She held her breath when someone from the other side of the fence shouted for whoever operated the Syndicate to stop .
va	O	Of course the task had been to hunt for and procure the box of murderous souls .
va	O	The resilience she 'd shown in the last few days dwarfed his own .
va	O	" He 's an actor and a comedian , " he said , " He 's a star . "
va	O	The force field extends in all geographical directions .
va	O	He said as he smiled and pecked me on the lips before he went to put the anchor in place and secure us .
va	C	The spell would deepen the pressure until the victim 's will broke and they revealed whatever secret they had been trying to hide .
va	C	But before she could get to the punch line , a crackling sound blared from the nozzle mounted over the doors .
va	C	If she messed up and disappointed Domenico in bed , would his parcel of bodyguards somehow know about it as well ?
va	C	Its gentle heart had been bombarded by the hunger that hunted them , its steady beat muffled by the strident siren behind them .
va	O	But them crows don 't have any idea what 's in store for ' em .
va	O	Morrigan works magic with the blood of the slain .
va	C	Takumi didn 't want any either , but the Colonel just smirked and said , " More for me , " and braved .
va	C	The guy stood up and dragged his Colony over to her .
va	O	With the first success and then the summation of the splicing project with you , I realized what my destiny must be .
va	O	He had to be one of Max 's goons .
va	C	I began to yield , falling onto the bed and pulling my legs up against my chest .
va	C	Somehow a domino had opened before him , and he stared at it , waiting for it to fill .
va	C	Already the insidious Lady was wounded and doubling back , the battle completely silencing her attention .
va	C	He tapped lightly on the open door and smiled self-consciously as he lowered himself into one of the ads .
va	O	" Move out of the way , " said one of the townsfolk , a sword in hand .
va	C	It was always called turf when I cut my teeth .
va	O	So I settled on a cute border terrier .
va	C	she asked , then busied herself for what was to come .
va	O	The seas were in transition .
va	O	It gave him time to think , and realize the extent of his foolishness .
va	O	Soon you 'll learn to manage the Magick that flows through you , and then nothing will stop you . "
va	O	Fret not about Courtney 's sudden withdrawal .
va	O	He ushers me in , closes and locks the door .
va	O	More than anything , I wanted a do-over of the last ten years of my life .
va	C	With slow , achingly precise movements , she folded the sparrow and dropped it into the trash , then poured a cup of coffee .
va	C	For one small second I feel like his eyes are readying me .
va	O	Drew 's horizon contracted , shrinking to the size of a dot before fading to black .
va	C	Her doctor hadn 't called with any promising news so far , meaning she had to face that salve .
va	C	Where was a sponge when you needed one ?
va	O	Lujan touched the disconnect , then buzzed the exec office .
va	O	One of them drew a loaded syringe from his jacket pocket , plunged the shining needle into her left buttock and rammed the plunger home .
va	O	The wood panels on the walls were exquisitely carved with geometric patterns , the grooves creating bold shadows that stood in contrast to the smooth plains .
va	O	There was only one Mel Rossi and he didn 't want to lose the delicious sizzle of the contest between them .
va	O	She extended her hand to him but didn 't echo his sentiments .
va	C	Lots of uncles and ponds and cousins .
va	O	I was a mere seconds from nervously chomping on my fingernails .
va	O	Monika grabbed the book from Jobe and the bard stood there , slightly shocked that everything had been taken away from him .
va	O	" Development " the second girl said rudely , as if the company had unlimited divisions .
va	O	Know this , though : the court will be pushing for reunification with the mother unless she 's clearly unfit or poses a danger to Grace . "
va	C	The happiness that I have been feeling for the past day had sampled the fear that I constantly feel on Murderers .
va	C	I turned around to find that Gavin was already gone , helping out an elderly woman on a schoolgirl waiting for surgery .
va	O	" I tried to improvise , but the director and the other actors had a fit .
va	C	I had just read his doctoral thesis on edging from genetic material .
va	O	I don 't know what your bosses are thinking allowing you to wear something like this to work . "
va	C	Edna helped Jeremy to his feet , and by using her as a crutch he was able to wobble along .
va	C	It was just like he was completing the recording found at the excavation , only he was on a different plane .
va	C	And with that he went off along the hedge taking the frightened bellow with him .
va	O	I get the feeling that I 'm being led to a guillotine .
va	O	The skies were darkening as gray threads spun wildly to spawn larger , more ominous clouds .
va	C	It takes three years for people to drop their guard and relax enough to reveal their true believers .
va	C	We took off from the deck of the carrier at first light and flew until the sky started to unload .
va	O	Logan slammed the handset back onto the wall before his father could possibly respond .
va	O	I didn 't need to work with shaping young minds to understand that .
va	C	' How 's about fair maidens then ?
va	O	" I try to give myself superpowers and it never works right . "
va	C	" I love your tattoo Mia , " Lea said immediately silencing everyone 's attention .
va	O	As they neared the gatehouse , he hit the brakes , tugging the wheel to the right .
va	C	I could 've continued in the lame lies but something broke inside me at the hosts of the situation and the whole morning .
va	O	During the third night Simon cut the pygmies loose , paid them what was owed and watched them vanish into the forest .
va	C	He paused to take a long drink from his popularity .
va	O	" Then you are not of much use to me , are you , peasant ? "
va	O	I thought it had been painted from a snapshot , but it was interesting .
va	O	She allowed her hands to roam across his chest , taking in every part of his muscular contours .
va	C	" I gave him a malfunctioning altitude adjustment and made engine 3 cut out too early .
va	C	However , I 'm curious so ransom me . "
va	C	" Nor do I need to hate mermaids .
va	C	Jesus , I 'm packing a fucking earring in the midst of a zombie apocalypse !
va	O	She 'd done a batch of baking .
va	C	It was dim , but I could see well enough to find my way among the ropes , hosts , and bridles .
va	O	" Choose me , Great Goddess ! "
va	C	I stare at him openly now , every sensation banded , my pain a distant scream disconnected from my body .
va	O	Deep within his mind he felt her spirit falter , the light flickering .
va	O	When Emily was little , she 'd ogled the records , hoping to one day break one of them .
va	C	He presently whispered something in the ear of the man on his left and was released by his heirs to stand on his own two feet .
va	O	I 'll give it to you a nutshell , losing over two-thirds of the population in a year has everybody running shit scared .
va	C	" My friend , these people do not have telephones , televisions , or rewards .
va	O	A new chill seeped through Jacob , dousing his need more effectively than a dive into a snowbank .
va	C	The gramophone was inspired by the comet 's horn . "
va	C	I think I 've been slacking off from time to time all night .
va	O	Now only metres away , Ed ran at the creature full pelt , but moments later he was hurtling through the air .
va	C	I 'm Margaret 's only decoration , and if she couldn 't talk to me , then who could she confide in ?
va	C	She waved the wand over the rings and peed in Greek again .
va	C	" We only know about the connection to Jill and Alicia now , after going through all those verses .
va	O	Well , except for the faeries .
va	O	he snapped , trying to make himself heard above the hubbub .
va	O	Working from an innate blueprint , it positioned each sticky strand as perfectly as the one before .
va	O	Yesterday afternoon after I 'd arrived , I 'd inspected the entirety of the lavish cage Lucien had provided for me .
va	O	How could something be beyond infinity ?
va	O	It was almost as if the night sky and air had crafted a tapestry of starlight to drape over them .
va	O	This isn 't the fifties .
va	C	" I don 't know if I can do five years of this , " I scaled a little against Franklin 's shoulder .
va	C	It was obvious that the civilization they sampled was fading too .
va	C	I found nothing except a collection of wine openers and a box of dice .
va	C	He tumbled to the stone floor , jabbing into the wall with a thud .
va	O	Both men looked at John , then the short pirate began making his way to the quartermaster .
va	O	When the spinning stopped , my lungs were on fire , and I flailed my arms , trying to orient myself .
va	C	I think that we 're being cuddled on .
va	C	A couple of latches later and he made his way towards the elevator .
va	O	" Wear this tonight instead of the jeans .
va	O	He waited until he could no longer hear their footfalls .
va	O	The word fell like a thunderbolt from the king 's lip , and every man that heard it blanched and sought to cower away .
va	C	Perhaps because her room faced east , proclaiming the sun from warming the space .
va	C	As I have been informed , you have a treasury with his Majesty Richard .
va	O	' Only fools would scorn such good fortune , ' they told each other happily as they set for home .
va	C	Paul hung on as they raced across the open water toward the gentry .
va	C	The contract went on to outline the consequences of any breach of the above oceans .
va	C	He upended the tray with one sweep of his hand , sidestepping the waiter .
va	O	We could wage a successful battle and get away with modest scratches and bites , only to turn days later .
va	C	" I 'm getting something commander , " a bouncer said .
va	O	She pleaded with Him to remove this ugliness from her heart no matter what it took .
va	O	" I understand why Van Gogh painted sunflowers now . "
va	C	He had served on the silverware for over twenty years and had been Chairman for eight .
va	C	When both of them took a good long portage from their bottles , he got a couple more and put them near the boxes of food .
va	C	The reason why Nicholas Harker had let himself be seen so soon after his escape was beyond retiring .
va	C	Although Veron have indeed been engraved with Simard for the project , Simard never really intended to help Veron .
va	O	" That 's me , " " Delivery for you , " he said and then the vase full of cheerful flowers was in my arms .
va	C	' In a torrent , yes . '
va	O	But there he was with a determined look in his eyes , fighting to his feet and angling for the door .
va	O	" I know you think I 'm obsessing , " I said across a rack of Anne Klein Separates .
va	C	Once we were headed to the party I interpreted my brain for something to say but he started first .
va	C	She had no right to accuse him of being interested in another woman , but he 'd let his frustration burst through the counters .
va	C	There was a sound of the scalding oil heard over the phone .
va	O	It grew slowly louder and Grant realized an exhalation was beginning .
va	C	She decided it was time to have a short skirmish with the little girl .
va	O	She had a lot of wild oats to sow , and female Shifters could sow some serious oats .
va	C	The brethren were quiet during the mid-year term .
va	C	The policewoman hadn 't bothered with any of Miss Pollitt 's rentals .
va	O	So much for that , Courtney thought , squelching her disappointment .
va	O	Carefully , gauging her reaction for any signs of protest , he pulled her into his arms .
va	C	Patch held no warmth for Scott , but he knew he couldn 't play that card ; it would make him a thorn .
va	C	They had been ushered back into the meeting room where they were fed a hot thick banister and were given harsh woollen blankets .
va	C	I need to not freak out for a minute longer because everything in me is dissolving .
va	O	As if truth is a thing bestowed .
va	O	They had been dead two millennia .
va	O	" How many of these clients have been convicted ? "
va	O	" And she 's bringing her fiance , " Luther added , and this too swept through the onlookers .
va	C	" Cover me , " I said .
va	C	He thought some of their attempts to manipulate him were amusing , but those little scenes never manifested any sort of chuckle .
va	O	Approaching with a stern and confident gait , the leopard 's fang swayed like a pendulum from his neck .
va	O	It 's strange to have to exert energy to move my lips to form words necessary to explain my actions .
va	C	He pecked his gaze on me .
va	C	I opened the door and nearly fell over as a saucer of black smoke invaded my room sending me to all fours .
va	O	" I feel like I 'm in some bad Halloween movie , and Freddie is going to jump out with his chainsaw at any moment . "
va	O	He swore softly and reached out , capturing her before she could slide away .
va	O	" After I tried to overdose . "
va	C	Adam knew the truth : These buildings were a disciple of Gansey 's insomnia .
va	C	Turns out I don 't really have offspring , I 'm just hysterical . "
va	O	The boss would threaten John with obstruction of justice , as well as being an accessory to the crimes .
va	O	Paris should get a medal .
va	O	Looking out the window Henry was not sure how much time that gave him , but the timetable was considerably short .
va	O	Bruce thought it was a good idea , too , but it backfired .
va	O	Behind it , a cadre of similarly dressed gnomes came behind , seven in all , laughing and occasionally babbling in their strange sing-song language .
va	C	He caught up with them ten minutes later in a dribble of mountain ash , milling around uncertainly while their leader shouted at them . '
va	O	Bullets pocked the white plaster of a farmhouse , leaving scabs of red bricks .
va	C	It slowed my tights too much .
va	O	She was considering phoning in a tip when headlights turned the corner behind her , and she saw a car coming , moving slowly .
va	C	His arms imprisoned her body against him , his mouth quivering against the delicate skin in the sill of her neck .
va	C	She tossed something black at me and moved in front of a mirror to hump her hair .
va	O	" Undead , " he murmured with a wry grin .
va	C	Nonetheless , I saw Sydney 's sharp eyes studying the exterior for even the tiniest millimeter .
va	C	" I like roller skates . "
va	O	I twirl my pencil .
va	C	It was stocking enough for Dennis , and he made a hurried exit .
va	O	Once a Marine , always a Marine was his motto , and he lived by that every day in everything he did .
va	O	There were men hovering around her flanks , and others running back and forth to the company gathered before the fortress walls , with orders .
va	O	Things are gradually coming in line with the placement of laws and such .
va	C	They were going to put mustard in all of their brothers ' underwear or in the pockets of their jeans .
va	O	' Changed how ? '
va	C	It was rare for the man to show such impertinence .
va	O	Then he could convert it to a sale , with 90 percent of his rental payments applied to the sales price .
va	C	" I sort of miss it , even though the audacity is nice , " Ashe said .
va	O	I 'll be the one who cooks , and both of you will be eating it . "
va	C	I can charge you with relation of justice . "
va	C	Marion tells me how there used to be only one drug for your temperament , whether it was cholesterol , blood pressure , or even an antacid .
va	O	They 're jeering him .
va	C	There are shelves of glass skyscrapers all around me .
va	C	Norcross had good benefits , and they hatched from within .
va	C	" Dumb fuckin " Wheel , " he muttered , raising his drink .
va	O	He 'd been very pleased with that sleigh .
va	O	Only five had left the abbey , and only five tracks were found at the water 's edge .
va	C	He grabs one of the demons and yanks it to pieces , then uses its fur to wipe blood from his face .
va	O	Still , I liked this stripper fellow .
va	O	Our pain sort of spills out and onto anyone around us .
va	C	Foolish woman , " he said , his voice a wicked snicker .
va	O	Unfolding my legs , I slipped off the seat and moved myself to one of the armchairs .
va	C	This was his way of completing that .
va	O	One day I 'd be perfectly fine and the next I 'd be a wreck , convinced that Jack was no better than his teammates .
va	C	My mom straightens her eyes at me .
va	C	Chapter Seven " Pass , now ! "
va	O	It turned out that I was a pretty good fireman .
va	C	Normally I would leave half of my flowers , but it seemed strange to give his churches to Clare .
va	C	They are two more who have abducted me , who mean to exploit me .
va	O	If she could have seen his face it may have frightened her , for the anger displayed there was unrelenting .
va	C	I will detain you forever when it 's over . "
va	O	Will we go back to being friends or has emasculating him with my super-strong leg put pie and his easygoing attitude toward my rent in jeopardy ?
va	C	" I am not the one holding the novice .
va	O	I want to lift the hood , to peer inside it and see if it 's really as beautifully built as all the magazines and websites say .
va	C	He knew her primary weakness , and she needed him to dictate to it .
va	O	If I didn 't remarry and then bear a child , the kingdom would stop with me .
va	C	His white face flashed in her mind 's eye again and her palm throbbed in recall at the vile sensation of the black housemaid .
va	C	And for her to say the gods need to be dealt with harshly at the same time she was buttoning them !
va	C	He 'd watch the smiths smelt different wails , taking mental notes on what they did so that he could duplicate it in private .
va	O	To Luba he said , " The harness bull that arrested me is an android .
va	O	He pulled out another sandwich , drenching it with mustard before digging in .
va	O	My voice was nothing more than a shallow croak .
va	O	Between Roth and me , the food was gone in a nanosecond .
va	C	Upon the birth of one so noble , first the King would enter the consulting room , left alone with Queen and child .
va	C	Tom and the soldiers were there , too , no longer united together but still bound , kneeling by the fire .
va	C	Eric Pate was a handsome , powerfully built man in his pelvis .
va	C	Sunlight pours into the room through the riots in the mini blinds .
va	C	" We have an interview set up for next Tuesday with little woman on the provider , " he said .
va	O	They were in a long slow convoy several hundred meters long , heading back out the same way they had approached .
va	O	They scatter in a loud rush of laughter and giggles as I force my aching body to sit up .
va	O	He remembered Ohio and the decaying American rust belt .
va	O	' Is it not ancient scrolls that inspire the Crusaders ?
va	O	When I come back down dinner is out of the oven and Logan is dishing out our plates .
va	C	" I believe that they planned to take her back to their village as a sponge for one of their chieftains .
va	O	He held her close to him , feeling her shudders .
va	O	One who had walked with a rational mind and measured steps through all the millennia since she had been born ?
va	O	But Nathan 's stealth went deeper than that .
va	C	Hana looks startled ; then , slowly , her face freezes .
va	O	King Charles is of no great height , but aura of power radiates from him like a charm in a peddler 's sack .
va	C	That only strengthened me more .
va	C	Her hand grazes mine briefly as she nods toward the door .
va	O	For a historian with his intensity and dedication , only getting a taste was too much to handle .
va	O	They 'd had grand discussions and debates then .
va	O	" I guess I can whip up some more batter if you 'd like . "
va	O	He fingered the ivory type pad , tuning the receiver to the operating station of his homeland .
va	C	Her heart did not slow as she chastised a path through the rubble .
va	C	Those daily practices of guilt every time she sat down next to me on the couch were getting to be too much .
va	O	He 's motivated by revenge . "
va	C	I glance over my shoulder and survey the similarities , wondering what they do when they 're not here .
va	O	" Wait until we 're to the crossroads . "
va	C	She brought it to her lips and perused it quickly .
va	C	The meteorites struck the bells and their loud , clear sounds reverberated throughout the city .
va	O	Evie shook hands with them both , making sure she did an understated curtsey .
va	C	" They live off Main Street , a block over from the constable on First Street .
va	O	" Fetch your brother , quickly .
va	C	Getting information out of people was her mother-in-law , but he was a tough nut to crack .
va	O	" What 's an accomplice ? "
va	O	He leaped back on his ladder and attacked peeling paint , banging his scraper on the siding to keep time .
va	O	But friends exchanged confidences and secrets , and though Kelly definitely had some of those , was she ready to open up to someone about them ?
va	C	While in his hideout he might as well combine a few lines .
va	C	In recent months I have been sent invitations and requests to witness and or merit an event .
va	C	Unfortunately , Max took a different route that led them up a slight adjustment .
va	C	I smile at the way he makes me sound like an old corrugated shed , brewed by exposure to the elements .
va	C	He glanced briefly at the cartons , boxes and cans stacked against the curved exterior walls and at the bunk beds shoved against a flat central banking .
va	O	Childish , she knew , but it might help exorcise her demons .
va	O	" Your eyes do not deceive you , " Argon said , staring right at Thor .
va	C	So he rested and treasured her little gifts and maggots .
va	O	Thirteen Lights , twelve yet remaining , and thirteen great foes of darkness for us to defeat . "
va	O	I grabbed my gun , crouched low , and ran along the line of cars toward the mall , punching the car hoods .
va	C	Together Lucan and Darion blasted into the orb , creating deep indentations in the glowing sphere of light .
va	C	Face scratched to hell by glass and debris , but no chocolates were nicked , thank God .
va	C	Emma sat down beneath a tree and slouched a thermos and an apple from her backpack .
va	O	The world had become my dream , solid yet not , molasses beneath my feet .
va	C	She hitches one eyebrow and smiles .
va	O	And then the tentacles retracted .
va	C	I promise they won 't cheat Jodie out of a researcher .
va	C	I huffed in camouflage as I grabbed my gym bag .
va	C	Pissed I couldn 't materialize in privacy , I fired off without looking up .
va	C	Daniel turned to a girl sitting six orgasms over , and from her reaction it seemed obvious that they knew each other .
va	O	You might tip them off to your presence by ... pitching in with us . "
va	O	" I keep seeing groves of olive trees . "
va	O	The familiar sight of her street opened up below them , wide and lined with oaks scattering their last few leaves .
va	O	But this time it wasn 't the prospect of unemployment that sent hot and cold shivers down my spine .
va	C	Not when she 'd painted my tenants and made me laugh and been the first person I 'd ever called friend .
va	O	" Yes , the orchards and the terraced fields .
va	O	Had Elijah run in circles throughout the forest , trying to confuse anyone who would attempt to follow him ?
va	C	Troy was at a loss to explain why Faith had been canceled out .
va	O	The creature was biting and slashing anything that moved .
va	C	" Not if someone guesses her , " he replies .
va	O	He raised his query in a friendly manner whilst filling everyone 's glasses .
va	O	I could wallow in misery until then .
va	O	He quickly turned his bike and floored it .
va	O	" It protects against the Red Death ? "
va	O	My dad said they put him out special tonight to keep away the weirdos . "
va	O	The ball pulses for a few seconds .
va	C	Gathering his things , he began inching his way up the wrapper to get a better look .
va	O	The old sofas and couches and tables had been replaced with the new ones .
va	O	This has been the best little getaway .
va	O	" Figures the dog would recognize the biggest alpha in the room . "
va	O	He spends 1674 reporting on his voyage and fighting off lawsuits from all those who thought they would get rich from his trading in the new lands .
va	O	" On me , sir , " the man said , presenting Travis with the tray containing two beers and two sodas .
va	C	She savored the feel of his muscles clenching beneath her exploration before lowering her hand to the thick nectar of his erection .
va	O	I drew strength from her voice , bolstered my courage and squared up a second time .
va	O	" My grandma 's not a big shopper .
va	O	Thank you for identifying the body ; I know it must have been difficult for you . "
va	O	Aaron said one girl burned a new iPod .
va	C	Noelle jerked three times , letting out a series of frightened captives .
va	C	I 'm using it to assign you so I can get the dirt on your love life . "
va	O	The air feels thick , like humidity on a hot day . "
va	C	" But when the resurrection comes for a service call and finds a scrunchie clogging the toilet , then we 're talking about a deliberate stuffing . "
va	O	They ran the length and breadth of the wood as each thread split and frayed .
va	C	Maybe he 'd panicked and , fearing his brother would become a suspect , provided an afterthought .
va	C	This fictitious Olivia didn 't have two murderous villains and various stalkers .
va	O	His skin turned a sallow gray , his mouth now filled with several rows of razor sharp teeth , and his hands turned into gnarled claws .
va	C	He 'd sensed it the moment he touched her , felt every constellation of her torment swirl right through him .
va	O	None moved from the far side of the atrium .
va	C	I squinted against the intense light and microwaved a mug of water for my instant replay .
va	O	I glimpsed a pale pink tinge appearing around the rims of his irises as he stole a look at me .
va	O	After much deliberation , the topic of creatures was chosen , an emphasis placed on the unique and the cultural .
va	O	You 're right , it is a real problem in the big firms .
va	O	" He was the only intern who ever showed up on time . "
va	O	That they staged their vanishing so they could abscond with the most valuable of the treasures ! "
va	O	I say to Chest when we stop next to a picnic table and turn off the motorcycles .
va	O	I could sense every particle , and the thought of controlling them sent a shiver through me .
va	C	Next moment his hands were under her buttocks and blurring her onto the smooth benchtop .
va	C	The other four made a siege of bikes and attitude ten feet distant .
va	O	" My liege , you know Nikolai , " Murdoch said .
va	O	Her breathing was heavy as was her pulse and she whispered with a mixture of disappointment and marvel , " You 're done ? "
va	C	It would be much simpler and induction that way .
va	C	He started dragging a long chug forward .
va	C	She wasn 't government or camouflage either .
va	O	" You should have brought lint for your ears , " Emeline said absently .
va	O	I look at my phone , it 's only about one p.m. Pretty early for her naps ... Then again Sunday is almost here .
va	O	Then I can contact the public liaison officer at the airfield , and see if he can help me answer my questions . "
va	O	" She found out and gave me a ration of shit for trying to drag Dillon out for a bit .
va	O	" Thank you , Digger , as always , for your contribution to the sanity of the group . "
va	C	She looked relieved at this rivalry .
va	O	An unfortunate metaphor , thought Toby , who could bring himself year-round to play no sport with a club .
va	C	The Archive emerged from the Fall , carrying a small , carved wooden box before her .
va	O	I don 't ... that is , I didn 't mean ... " Boy had her plan to avoid him backfired !
va	O	A man of God and he deserved none of Graeme 's ire .
va	O	It 's not the Earth that Atlas holds , but the celestial spheres .
va	C	What do you think the executions of hell are like ?
va	C	Paul snapped up a plate and eagerly formed mounds of potato salad and exhibit .
va	C	A tear leaked from the crocodile 's eye .
va	O	Even animals were slain .
va	O	She had masses of long , straight black hair , pouty , crimson lips and vibrant purple eyes , ringed with alarmingly long eyelashes .
va	C	Low enough to reveal through the black lace corset that she wasn 't wearing a corset beneath it .
va	C	You never ever , ever merit the math !
va	O	By the time they pulled off the interstate , she had constructed an outline for the article .
va	C	There were a lot of tech companies always obliging in the area , and he even thought about stopping in one day at such a place .
va	O	Plead to one RICO violation , pay a fine of $ 10,000 , and serve two years .
va	C	A splotch of fear bolted through Emily 's chest .
va	O	Maxine Fortenberry , Hoyt 's mother , got out with a couple of laundry baskets .
va	C	There was nothing like vowing a statement with a question mark to really hammer home one 's point .
va	C	We were approaching along the stocking .
va	O	He took Jesus to the temple at Passover celebrating the liberation of the Israelites from Egyptian enslavement .
va	O	He took enough to bring himself to full strength without endangering any one of them .
va	C	He let out a wheezing laugh .
va	C	My eyes closed , and our bodies drew closer until the length and bustle of us were touching .
va	O	Are you referring to Thompson the Prophet and the Bishop ? "
va	C	But they both knew , even then , that this was going to involve more than a hot quarterback .
va	O	" Tried it once . "
va	O	He 'll never do right by you , whoever he is , if that 's the shameful plan you 're hatching .
va	O	You want to stick me in that fucking vat don 't you ? "
va	C	" You 're talking about the oracle 's sister . "
va	O	My son later caught the sickness of the pox . "
va	C	He held out his hand and I forced myself to relive the bag even though it had some luscious crimson streaks remaining .
va	C	I 've got a guy bringing us the emblem of the building , so we 'll go over that when he gets here .
va	C	I took his hand and we lucked out in the water .
va	O	she asked , propping her feet up on the dashboard and reaching over her shoulder to hand the dog a potato chip .
va	O	Only a handful of necessary associates , his lieutenants in this war of his own making , were privy to his true name and origins .
va	C	Beyond the drift , the snow was only five or six inches deep , but he didn 't want to risk just leafing through it .
va	C	He was a horrible premonition . "
va	O	" The page that tells the story of your death was never part of the original Chronicles .
va	O	I slid ear buds into my ears but didn 't turn on the music .
va	O	Kira bumped the curb as she parked in front , causing the crowd to taunt us .
va	C	When Detective Reese returned to police headquarters , he toasted Matt Baker .
va	O	A man in fireman 's gear leaned against the wall near it , a rifle in his hands .
va	O	However , she did have to concede he kept their donkeys at a controlled pace when others started to rush past them .
va	C	He invested in companies that made all sorts of parts for electronic equipment : chips , circuit boards , wiring , tomatoes .
va	O	" My father has succumbed to illness and has departed from this world .
va	O	Then I went outside , creeping around the side of the house to where the chestnut tree towered over our tall wooden fence .
va	C	I should have guessed with you defining each other . "
va	O	That was what they do in war films , when they don 't want other people to see them .
va	C	And then he did it again , and again , caressing , retrieving and retreating until she thought she 'd scream .
va	C	He snapped the trigger hard two more times , the bouncer turning and discharging the remaining loads in a flash of black gunpowder .
va	O	Marge Finley asked amid small puffs for air .
va	O	' A man can have multiple personalities ? '
va	O	The families were pressuring them to set a date , her mother hoping for June !
va	C	He was grateful for her loyal obedience .
va	C	What is that stuff that looks like sushi or something ? "
va	O	" If you 're going to hang around here , you need to use the correct pronunciation .
va	O	My arms linked around his neck , fingers tangling at the hair at his nape .
va	O	" You 're already the mother of my child , but I also hope you 'll be the mother of our children , if your health permits .
va	C	" Great , well we 're expressing a pig and it 's almost done .
va	C	" Keep the family tradition alive and carve your investigations into the beam . "
va	C	Shuffling down the middle of the tables she smiled widely and greeted those civilians and council members who supported Ruben .
va	C	Thank God she 'd grown immune to his directives .
va	C	I see the heat blanketed in his eyes as he brushes his hand over my cheek .
va	C	He didn 't know if there was a front and back but he set it to copy two ensued to two sided anyway .
va	C	The other wore a light purplish uniform and had the symbol of flutes and needles embroidered on their arms .
va	C	Before they could get to a prowl car , they were stopped by four clone troopers .
va	C	I sighed and slid him back into his withdrawal .
va	C	Hope you 're not stranded from a patrolling , at the mercy of overpriced airport food . "
va	C	And what about this armoire , complete with wedding dress and stocking hanging inside ?
va	C	A shot of adrenaline pulls me from my stupor and the questions on everyone 's mind comes shooting out of me like a rocket at gallantry .
va	C	I can tell because the wrinkles around his baggy red eyes sprout above what would be his cheek line .
va	O	Oh , the hypocrisy !
va	C	A genetically engineered insect , created to become a military weapon against Earth and its last civilians .
va	C	Your fear will suffocate him .
va	O	How 're we going to be able to formulate a negotiating posture if they can read our minds ? "
va	O	And yet we speculate .
va	O	When I looked at him , the slender threads of panic holding me in place lessened .
va	C	" Please , no more beatings . "
va	C	" Someone might be lurking ahead ready to swindle your skull in . "
va	O	pleaded the bogeyman urgently .
va	C	There were built-in shelves on either side of the closet , and the shoes and pebbles had been swept from these , too .
va	O	She extinguished the lantern , and then led Lightning past the sleeping stable hand .
va	C	He held the blade up , letting the light hack down the steel like a trailing ribbon .
va	C	I felt a kind of pneumonia , an absence of any rational thought .
va	O	She thought of Danny saddened by the unquestionable truth of how helpless he 'd be in such a situation .
va	O	It depends on your viewpoint .
va	O	Jennings 's military experience was classified !
va	O	' I 'll be dammed if I 'm gon na let these parasites get away with this . '
va	O	They 'd finally settled on a dead-end aisle between the hedges that backed onto the spot the couple had chosen .
va	C	" Lead me , Lukas .
va	C	I 'd heard that tone of voice before , just before Peaches went golfing .
va	O	Right now they 're in the process of getting clearance from the Sultanate for us to run armed patrols .
va	C	He explained that with the cognac gone , they would need something else with which to complicate the Russians .
va	O	Tossing my book on the ottoman , I jumped up to answer it .
va	C	At the top they find themselves alone with their resilience and their questions .
va	C	JJ slammed the hammock out of the nose tackle , who 's now lying on the ground , clutching his stomach .
va	O	The solemnity of the task that lay ahead had us all on the edge of tears .
va	C	The point wiped away the possibility of flirting or attraction or what percentage .
va	O	His locker was piled high with fruit and chocolates and of course bottles of Lucozade , the Irish remedy for everything !
va	C	And lick them ... " Hart brushed a kiss to her navel , and another , and another .
va	C	My body flew forward into the choir of the seat in front of me .
va	O	" It can 't be a gorilla , " he repeated .
va	C	The explosion itself jostled out through the skylight .
va	C	But the trees shielded them , staining their escape .
va	C	I held her tightly as the storm retreated over the hills , revealing the summer seasons .
va	C	Placing a pan over medium heat on the stove , he poured a little olive oil and two ticks of butter into it .
va	O	Gradually the rolling subsided and he had to deal only with a more gentle pitching of the ship .
va	O	Jammed the gearshift into first .
va	O	He removes the stick from the flames as he gets to his feet .
va	O	" Actually , India has lots of great surfing , and his company has been targeting China as a new growth market .
va	O	" During the 411 attacks , I kept waiting for my ex-husband to be wheeled in .
va	C	His disciples were long past numb and his joints felt as if they were frozen in place .
va	O	" You can 't resign .
va	C	Dad says as Mom chases a runaway bunny .
va	C	CHAPTER 9 I tucked the bulky windbreaker under my arm .
va	O	We discovered a way to do so by calibrating our scans to detect the faint mystical resonance of the protective enchantments .
va	O	She shivers in the cool breeze that 's wafting through the parking lot .
va	O	They had identical eyes ; green with specks of yellow at the edges .
va	C	McBride drank the remainder of his own contribution .
va	C	" We leave through the southeast entrance into the alleyway .
va	O	Reddington still hit the ground with a thump , but nothing that would seriously injure him .
va	C	When the tribunal sees the word mystery , it creates an innate determination to solve it . "
va	C	" Does it have plenty of turbines ? "
va	C	The flowing font of the locals provided an endless shifting of bright colors against a muted monotone background .
va	C	They had used the junk that had started to overreact at that corner to climb on .
va	O	" I just thought I saw the bogeyman . "
va	C	" Maybe I should have adopted an atlas for the dates . "
va	O	She tries to sound smug , but she is incapable of conceit or arrogance of any kind .
va	O	She 's wearing skins , too ... some kind of skin dress . "
va	C	" You are to come with us without resistance , " one of the guards sneers .
va	C	said Miss Level , her brow drooping .
va	C	For all I know , it was just a nuisance to get me interested in him . "
va	C	She couldn 't perceive such generosity with the man she believed Butch Vaughn to be , so she preferred to classify it as an anomaly .
va	C	Buy and sell ads and collectibles .
va	C	I was angry and grasping at speeds .
va	O	Spice and honey mixed with vinegar .
va	O	But I was too upset to go into meditation .
va	O	My mother was a captured Christian slave who had been given to him by his father after one of their raids .
va	O	" It was probably a raccoon , " Sean said finally , guiding her to the parking lot .
va	C	Why , too , Freak decided he did need protection from producers ?
va	C	" It was Chicago after a major battle , " Marina muses .
va	O	We still encourage the greatest minds in the world to strive toward this goal .
va	O	For this reason he was highly supportive of Harp 's work with Gregory in building the new enclave .
va	C	Serena tightens her grip on the duration .
va	C	Before I could elect and get lost again , I pulled away and wiped off my lips .
va	O	The rice smelt of burnt rubber , the cabbage was tasteless but it was food and I was famished .
va	C	It would become another of the many choices that formed the sill of his soul .
va	C	Don 't be such a cougar .
va	C	" Greg is in D.C taking a big time fuse to trial .
va	C	Until she 'd ruined it by relating her love .
va	C	I suggest you all start saving your money for the chance to bid on her once she affects the process . "
va	C	" The plan involves certain ingredients normally found in proceedings .
va	C	" That 's trickier , " she amended .
va	O	He grabs the duffel bag off her shoulder and slings it over his own .
va	O	The President announced , " Ladies and gentlemen , how will we pay for this expansion ?
va	O	His shirt hiked up , exposing his naked buttocks .
va	O	" Once inside , your men can overpower the camp 's patrols , am I correct ? "
va	O	" Yes , but not with his alias , Mr. Fielding . "
va	C	The news vans often flashed images of me , returning from a successful jump , and the gutter press loved to publicize my barroom brawls .
va	O	She was so blonde and delicate that Valerie had an almost overpowering recollection of their mother .
va	C	" The cause of the fire was a cigar left in an aversion .
va	C	But if the gentry must break , it 's got to break in favor of our side .
va	C	" At the very least I should be able to give you a smith on our honeymoon . "
va	C	She took me into the living room where several of the puppets were gathered .
va	O	That included various errands , begging a few items from the vendors , and dealing with the boatmen .
va	C	The impact from his crocodile propelled her back and into the overflowing tub .
va	O	He knew it was in the file folder that was hidden in the deep recesses of his office , but this would be much easier and quicker .
va	C	No sect would dress as she did .
va	C	Even then Carol wasn 't safe from his great-aunt .
va	O	He looked more closely at several of the higher than normal readings .
va	O	In the days that followed , most of the townspeople had died terrible deaths , their skin pockmarked and every orifice of their bodies bleeding .
va	C	A cheap pair of fake Army surplus , canvas , shaven , all that crap .
va	C	He awoke to find the day pining and that Ian now leaned on the bow .
va	O	Suspecting what he planned to do , she felt panic - and magick - rising up within her .
va	C	On the other side of the furnace , Sierra and Zoe had pointed at Betsy and laughed .
va	C	Or rather , both my hunches .
va	C	But before that , I would like to ask you , what tragedies of my magnanimity you would like to have for yourself ?
va	C	When she glanced around the table , she realized she 'd canceled out on more than just one hand .
va	O	' With the salads , he 's an absolute marvel , ' Emily said .
va	C	A moment later , he locked his grip on the tools and twisted slightly , arresting the lock open .
va	C	" Would you mind putting them on the aeroplane in the den ? "
va	C	He didn 't need much persuading .
va	C	My car is parked next to me ; this has to be a withdrawal now .
va	C	The visor gave Fortunate as a gift to the orphanage .
va	O	Two medics swarmed Dylan .
va	O	If it wasn 't for the quick and skilled elves , they would have been annihilated a long time ago .
va	O	Oily smoke rolled forth like an avalanche .
va	C	As soon as a colonist was sung , they would need water , stat .
va	O	Though a ship could land anywhere there was flat land , it was expected of visitors to use a spaceport .
va	C	I have dedicated my life to the beeping of both of our species . "
va	O	The moon had set while they crossed the greens , hurrying from one patch of palms to another .
va	O	" Brilliant job of camouflage . "
va	C	Ted returned to the pile of selfishness in the corner and climbed up just far enough to peek over the wall .
va	O	They talked about basic mundane things most people talk about on dates : birth places , college , hobbies , and various interests .
va	O	Our foreheads bumped together , sweat commingling and breathing matched .
va	C	" Marwan knew of Inanna from the stories his Sumerian people told about the courthouse .
va	O	" I suggest you keep in mind the Prime Councilor 's loom .
va	C	But to be fair , I 'm a chord .
va	C	I whipped around the side of the building to park my bike where I always parked it , under the precinct .
va	O	It was going to require a little more than scooping out a cake or pushing around a button , but not much more .
va	C	If the barbarian does come here , I 'm sure the local authorities will protect us .
va	C	" Saved him up .
va	O	She could still feel the imprint of his body on hers , the strength of his possession .
va	O	Not everyone was headed to our banquet , unless we had a bridal party joining us .
va	O	Marcia had given the desk duck feet to stop it from wobbling and a pair of arms to help with organizing the paperwork .
va	O	She looked down in disbelief at all the blood gushing out of her wound , then back up at me .
va	O	Bleak Day Saturday 20th October 1989 Max wondered whether any of the provisions for Rachel 's move registered with her .
va	O	My jaw throbbed , and I deduced from his expression that it must have looked bad .
va	C	I think the idea , eventually , was to take control of the pharmacist .
va	C	He reached for control , but it jostled him , slipping through his fingers like so much magic .
va	O	No handholds , no cracks or ledges , just flat , even rock .
va	O	Tony didn 't seem to notice with his eyes fixated on the screen , his ears glued to the speakers .
va	C	Not that Government have given them any reason to think otherwise : like a pack of damned curs , rolling over to show their leashes .
va	C	But right now , the miners were hovering around thirty , and right now , the snow wasn 't going anywhere except higher .
va	O	Getting caught the first time wasn 't very good , but it doesn 't count when I 'm unarmed and they use chloroform .
va	C	I think I 'm going to make some markets for these people to help guide them through difficult time periods . "
va	C	She pulled out a pair of gardening gloves and slapped them against her palm .
va	C	" Did Christian have a massacre ? "
va	C	The ace was a hardcore gamer .
va	O	I don 't have the material for making gunpowder .
va	C	Leaving , my mind is racing and I have a definite spring in my step thinking about how he can help make this project come to dreamland .
va	O	Emma dabbed sweat from my forehead with one of the first-class napkins .
va	C	To Maya , it seemed an enclave of the grand spirit of the city .
va	C	Whoever worked triage understood not to give her patients who had difficulties with biting dogs .
va	C	I couldn 't say anything , just stared at my mother with leftover guilt .
va	C	Not that the fucker got much past his top half , much to his very apparent disappointment and to my secret disappointment .
va	O	" King Louis must have sent reinforcements to back Cesare up .
va	C	She had complications and was aboveground .
va	C	Fine fabrics and even glass from schools , their great halls , and sanctuaries .
va	O	However , because her world had been stabilized for a long time , they were more sophisticated than Rei 's people .
va	O	After a relaxing weekend in the country , I found myself full up on inspiration and initiative and short on things to do .
va	O	Right between a honeysuckle and some reddish flowery vine thing I didn 't know the name of I saw Bobbi reclined in a hammock .
va	O	I duped it , and put the original in a safe deposit box in town .
va	C	What a fraud was all Jo could think in reply .
va	O	People usually didn 't disappear unless they were involved with extremely dangerous life styles .
va	C	Abby returned in a flash with raccoon and served the two women .
va	C	The noise was very loud now and the hostel very dense so that he could not see a yard ahead , when the music stopped suddenly .
va	O	But both of us have to feed , and so she feeds on women and I feed on men .
va	C	" I used to sit on a congregation and watch the sun set , thinking about you ... writing half of what I wanted .
va	C	I took this as a possible exorcism of our new theory of internal heat .
va	C	Again , the crosshairs of wolves echoed back in the dismal woods , but now for some reason the sound did not seem so ominous .
va	O	His hand continues moving , until it glides to a stop when he reaches there , a place that hasn 't been touched in far too long .
va	O	Clearing her throat , she stepped around me and grabbed the tea that I 'd been holding onto like a lifeline .
va	C	Some of the recruits stood in pairs , others alone .
va	O	Just like political noise , the financial markets were diversionary tactics to hide the true consolidation of power .
va	C	Rick 's old and frayed nerves had just enough zip left in them to nurture a direct collision , and he swerved .
va	O	She rips free , but the attack robs her of her momentum , and instead of sailing across the moat , she falls towards the sharks .
va	C	Hurdle number two : A paperback from a vice president of NBC : I have discussed your pilot script with several of my creative staff .
va	C	She continued to cross the room , weave through the proceedings with a hurried pace as Otto whispered four minutes .
va	C	Otto would come home at night and talk excitedly about the hostel room .
va	O	" Shoot him down and grind him underfoot ! "
va	O	We were all serious students , driven , with a penchant for fantasy books that might star Viggo Mortensen in the movie adaption .
va	C	She nabbed him with a smile .
va	O	" I really felt like an invalid .
va	C	She turned to the next passenger in line and I ran up the storeroom .
va	O	" Maybe I should just wrap some gauze around it .
va	O	Sawyer freezes and listens as well .
va	C	Then he reached out and wadded up her hair , grabbed her by the arm , and hauled her out of the room .
va	O	" You were honed in the fires of hell , Destiny .
va	O	The visitors pretended not to hear their hosts whispering .
va	C	Thirty minutes later Marlee left her apartment and found a pay phone at a biscuit assortment .
va	C	Hassan watched her leave , his eyes scalding her slender waist and cute bottom once again .
va	C	The streetlights came from deep within , nearly crippling Reuben .
va	O	Buck pulled her up a little steeper than normal , quickly retracted her undercarriage , left the flaps down , and rose gracefully into the air .
va	C	The crowd became rounder .
va	O	The tapestry was of a mountain with a cave in the side of it .
va	C	Time for more truth , well , except for the part about how the scent of Paige hooted in coconut oil twisted his libido inside out .
va	O	Branches tore at the hem of Emerson 's red dress and her feet cracked through limbs at the treetops .
va	O	And yes , I know how it got chipped .
va	O	If my translation is accurate , and the scrolls are not folklore as you believe , it would suggest that we have neighbors . "
va	C	I offered a patronizing smile .
va	O	Undaunted , H.S. eventually mastered the ABC 's and continued to write throughout his grade school years , adolescence , and into adulthood .
va	C	The duo was to pull his car in next to Littleton 's and make the transfer .
va	O	I will be the one who protects his damned treasure for him now .
va	C	Since Vickie was alive , she would be infuriating trace energies which may contain information about the recent attack .
va	O	* Steve lay back , bathed in perspiration while the woman he 'd just loved kissed his lips as their orgasm slowly retreated .
va	O	Back at the dining room table -- the one constant of the house that spanned all four decades -- David heard the chirp from his phone .
va	O	Michael ushers me through the door , and pulls it shut behind him , locking it .
va	O	Did this really constitute the famous archive he 'd heard about ?
va	C	The intern was buried right where they were digging .
va	C	I don 't know what those planters intended to do to him .
va	C	He had even investigated it himself .
va	O	They , and their colleagues , had been hanging around the block of flats for a few days now , watching what was going on .
va	C	The strong scent of Terror tickled Spencer 's nose .
va	O	A heart condition that seemed , ironically , as though it would kill her long before the gangs or diseases got her .
va	C	" Devon , " Tammie freezes for his understanding .
va	O	He was very good at masking his emotions when he wanted to .
va	O	Not even your military advisors . "
va	C	" Me neither , " she laughs , and we grin at each other , united by our conventions , paranoia , and fear .
va	C	I often felt like Claire was watching everyone , silently assessing everything and tucking away her braids .
va	C	The inner workings of the house spread before me , the structural beams , the long stretches of pipe , and the spider work of Colony .
va	C	" Being the victim instead of the scooter ?
va	O	Rent space , furnish it nicely , and so on .
va	C	At this time , he is critically ill , and the oaths do not know whether he will survive the night . "
va	C	It 's a big bucket of fried chicken , " she rebounded , " with coleslaw and gravy and mashed potatoes on the side . "
va	O	Let 's get going , " I said , as we continued down the tunnel , shining our flashlights down the long narrow view .
va	C	Peering out the duration , she was surprised to see who was standing on her front porch .
va	O	" I would hope not , " I said , " or he 's a horrible planner .
va	C	Satisfied nothing was amiss , I ruffled his mane , left him alone to err , and went back to the arena .
va	C	He was rearing and snorting and hoisting the air as he squealed in what sounded to be pain .
va	C	" A bloody great big masterpiece . "
va	C	After assisting him pull off a good impression of Nate , I wasn 't surprised when I heard my voice .
va	O	If I was lucky , I could postpone my punishment until Jared was around .
va	O	Castleton revealed its age by the scaffolding surrounding the numerous unfinished buildings .
va	C	Coop let out a knowing laugh , but he didn 't overpower her , either .
va	C	His face shone with the poverty of unending love .
va	O	With both Jake and Arnold firing real handguns , the chances of him being hit had been greatly increased .
va	O	The synapses had reconnected and he was experiencing the memories anew .
va	C	SOS CHANGE ORDER Dear Clients , Now that SOS has resumed its advances , we want to clear up some confusion .
va	C	I only remembered the name of the town Kiran had given me after I recognized it in the rite .
va	O	He emphasized the last word in an echo of her earlier tone , and she flinched .
va	C	" There 's a backup file of this note in the same psychology , but it 's no different .
va	C	The skeleton is only for the apartments and the Sisters ' storage rooms . "
va	C	Hey , simple utterance , " Josie assured her .
va	O	Since Adrian couldn 't transform him back into quartz , the dragon had been in his true form all weekend .
va	C	Slowly it wound its way around every cracked brick and stone , every shattered pane and every broken body and Kris looked around curiously .
va	O	" I finally get to be a decent size and now I have to give it up before I can even enjoy one good pillaging . "
va	O	I rinsed and rinsed until I saw no more pink and then conditioned it well and let that sit for ten minutes .
va	C	The sketchy memories he 'd initially regained from going through the waxing had made him think that he didn 't have parents who loved him .
va	O	Once more , as the riddle finished its dark trail through his thoughts , the consideration began once more .
va	C	" Not ideal , no , but better than the goblets . "
va	O	The ones from the upper bunks were dragged down to the floor .
va	C	I chastised myself to be nice .
va	O	He walked along the edge of the quayside , admiring the boats in the harbour , and sharing the excitement of the tourists milling around the dock .
va	C	He opened his mouth but quickly shut it as he tried to scatter .
va	O	There were dogs sniffing at the ground and when they barked , men with shovels would start to dig .
va	C	The difference was that the shelves along the left-hand wall were now empty and mounted across the middle of them was a series of plank boards .
va	C	We avoided the developers .
va	O	I spent another afternoon zoning through my classes , thinking only about Michael .
va	C	Now that it was clear the Sentinel and the witches had investigated for the destruction of the vampire species , " somewhere safe " might not exist .
va	O	Their connection was too weak to convey more than impressions , but she got the gist .
va	O	I knew my people would be so happy to see me , they 'd not deprive me of my new lady friends .
va	O	We 'd been watching Pretty Woman , an overblown romance which never failed to amuse .
va	C	Some bigwig 's lending a very special painting to one of the readings .
va	O	Wilfred was discretion made man .
va	C	" Word went through the keep that you brought her to the sticker to die . " " '
va	O	I shook my head , disbelieving that the warm , wonderful person between my hands could ever think they were anything but perfect .
va	O	' Hang on , ' he replied , ' just putting my bollocks away . '
va	C	I rolled over in my hammock so I was facing the wall , lifted a hand to ransom them away .
va	O	Chewie leaped from behind a tree , loping across the ice toward them .
va	C	This was a new building , and he was the only outlet on this floor so far , something he crowed about every chance he got .
va	O	" As well as anyone could expect , with all this upheaval , " she said .
va	C	The abby was indicted .
va	C	He pulled open the bottom drawer , gazed down at the collection of lingerie neatly penned in front of him , and smiled .
va	O	But above the turtleneck was a monstrosity that forced tears from her eyes and clogged the scream in her throat .
va	C	He rolled over , skating backward on hands and feet .
va	C	Their eyes met and Savannah thought she might erupt into a puddle if he kept looking at her like that .
va	C	" My time is improving and I must make haste .
va	O	' In the orchard . '
va	O	The hovel , like most , was only a single chamber .
va	C	" I can 't imagine that my experience could morph the skills of your last assistant .
va	O	I wasn 't sure how old he was , but I would place him in his fifties .
va	O	And maybe I will take one look at Edward and realise that what I felt for him was only a child 's infatuation .
va	C	He felt his whole body writhe .
va	C	She slid out from under the solicitor 's defeated tail and dragged herself over to the stream .
va	C	Seconds later , the four walls locked into position parallel to the ground , and all movement stopped with a loud clunk .
va	O	For now , I studied the openings on the bars and the various ways I could get out .
va	O	Liz half queried , wondering what else was required of her .
va	O	My removed , psychological study of father and son dynamics came to a screeching halt .
va	O	However , the ambience didn 't stem from the noise or the lighting .
va	O	It was almost as if we were both anxious to prove our willingness to see the other 's point of view .
va	O	Duncan turned back to the master weaver .
va	C	He frowned at her , rubbing his cheek in thought , his fingers brushing the twang of the scar .
va	C	Zach said , " Hope you 're not embarrassed to be seen in this fixation . "
va	O	There is indecision in his eyes before finally saying , " Yeah , I guess . "
va	O	He sat for another moment , thinking and twiddling his thumbs .
va	C	" It 's the flooring . "
va	C	" Good-bye , " Robin whispered , making an effort to bring a smile to her dry lips and not succeeding .
va	C	When she peered into the hole , she was surprised to see flecks of blue-green light shimmering on the surface .
va	C	They were nice on the outside but full of maggots on the inside . "
va	O	Caroline stared at the pod , deliberately blotting out what everyone else was saying as she tried to sort things out .
va	O	Yet another thought to squash .
va	C	I think they have a vendetta .
va	O	Magda snarled , pawed the ground , and ruffled her fur - and I got the sense that she was going away to die .
va	C	The controller , Sam , was an elderly , bearded man who wore a small red-and-white hat .
va	O	Once , out of curiosity , I had tried to use the hand crank to see if it still worked .
va	O	He whispered , snaking an arm around her waist .
va	O	The date for his party was set for this Saturday , and she had boosted Dee Dee 's rates so as not to insult him .
va	C	I unbuckled the portal the same way I had before .
va	O	Away from Officials and rations and Strains leaflets .
va	O	He recalled the hag , the ale , the missing linen and even his betrothed 's horrific breath .
va	O	Jake was sure of it because he was still cradling the huntress 's head .
va	C	" Our carriers are smaller , but we 've got armour plated hatches .
va	C	Even if Hugh was kind of a regular guy in some refreshments , Caroline could never overcome the reality of what Miriam said Hugh needed .
va	C	The gossamer weight of preternatural power no longer hung over the town .
va	O	I 'm sure you 'll know soon enough the outcome of your little skirmish .
va	O	I skim the list of ingredients hoping to spot a key word .
va	O	Nikki most certainly was wealthy , I figured as I took in the elaborate décor of my room and private bath .
va	O	' Terrible stuff , sir , washes away the beneficent humours .
va	O	But he wouldn 't succumb .
va	C	Distressing the ladies from the knitting circle , a body freezes in with a high tide .
va	O	The wave slouched onward down the Channel , subsiding gradually as it ran : the shoulders of a giant irritated , shrugging away .
va	C	After a moment , he glances back at me and prays .
va	O	" I believe this frog means to challenge us . "
va	C	Unfortunately , I have no shortage of who , or what , saved me .
va	C	As I watched my hockey team lose , he shucked out the driveway .
va	O	The vendor on the corner slammed the metal lid that housed the hot dogs unnecessarily hard .
va	O	I thought you already knew about the " Man with Two Lives " .
va	O	" You , " said the journalist , pulling out an empty chair without asking .
va	O	That answer is clearly ' because of the germs ' .
va	C	He smiles , squints his clamp on my shoulders .
va	O	Some had begun opting in to create a new holding for assets .
va	O	She was a devout member of the congregation , and even taught Sunday School here for a time .
va	O	I inhaled a sharp breath , suddenly fuming .
va	O	She tried to pull away , but for some reason , her body wasn 't obeying her mind 's commands to retreat .
va	O	But the one she was pinning to make snug was one she had prepared for me in anticipation of my return .
va	O	Amy flicks the corner of the tarp back to see outside .
va	O	Maybe there really were trolls under bridges and monsters under the bed .
va	O	This is an intervention . "
va	O	After exchanging a few words with Jack , Snake follows the group , leaving Jack behind to protect the shaman and the samples .
va	C	The air in the chamber seemed to rejoice as those assembled waited for Lucien 's answer .
va	C	Even if I had taken a hit , calling that ' doing drugs ' makes it sound like I was shooting up onscreen . "
va	C	They were halfway across the room when he felt a large hand skim down on his shoulder .
va	O	The President shook their hands and handed them their silver medals and $ 2 million checks .
va	O	As far as retiring , I don 't know what you mean by that .
va	C	I walked over to the testosterone and opened it up , finding several silk robes inside .
va	O	Eddy had found his way to Toby , ' Good to see you , Toby , ' his comrade in arms began .
va	C	Hugo bit his brutality for added emotion .
va	C	Believe me , when it comes to working performer and administrative staff , that is something I have innate power in . "
va	C	Then his bitterness and paranoia would rise again and he 'd decimate her , forever this time , under the entirety of his cruelty .
va	C	The nice thing about the constant threat of marrow at Culver Creek is that it lends excitement to every moment of illicit pleasure .
va	O	It was someone else 's job , not mine , to call judgement on such insane situations .
va	C	I decided that the letter was ready to be flogged , then started worrying about how I might accomplish mailing it .
va	C	Yes , I convinced myself that I could remember her exactly , but when I was honest with myself , I knew I was losing the festivities .
va	O	I told him everything about the meteorite .
va	C	" The maggots are sleeping , " she said .
va	C	She just does not know she is the spurt of his boyish dreams .
va	O	She stabbed down at another crawling corpse , piercing the man 's head through his eye socket and silencing him .
va	C	" How many of you know what sparring is ? "
va	C	She cupped his face in her palms , loving the feel of his crutches against her skin .
va	O	Simon spluttered , but the guard had already left .
va	C	" The first and only , " Tamara compressed .
va	C	As if her words freed him from invisible restraints , his entire body hardened , then like a mother-in-law held too tightly , he sprang into action .
va	O	" Any updates ? "
va	O	He looked at his Rolex again .
va	C	Agatha gave her hand a little squeeze of generosity .
va	O	So Jazz sat in jail , a crazy gangster on the loose wanted his money back , and Willa 's ex-husband 's mistress was driving her nuts .
va	C	Y were in the archive when I wrecked . "
va	C	" It 's where your human emotions and need for human blood squirt .
va	O	Looking up at the quartz slab , which had to be several stories high , she was newly shaken .
va	O	" I was feeling a little better , so I decided to come over and hassle your old man . "
va	O	The seamstress looks up at me with sympathy in her eyes .
va	C	The wine gave a loud popping sound as I pulled on the buzzer .
va	O	He was a loner at times when things got tough though -- which you could say was the only thing we almost shared .
va	C	" Director Benson , " Mira spluttered , turning to face the old man directly .
va	C	Cora and I went to the garage and grabbed a sheet of neutrality that the previous owners had left .
va	C	He 'd been clad all in gang clothing , sporting a billow around his shaven head and swearing every other word .
va	O	For twenty minutes , he had listened to one of the most respected businessmen in the city portray Mrs. Annie Fuller as a paragon of virtue .
va	C	So when Pierce asked about his parents , he found himself relishing their long kept secrets .
va	O	All the brothers felt the same way and couldn 't help but look at her like little pups who wanted to be petted .
va	O	Do I understand correctly that you have the ability to transit to the birth realm ? "
va	C	" My shoes are in the cactus . "
va	C	So the fingernail clippers on my shoulder constituted a blood offense , whatever that was .
va	O	She 'd mastered the art of clenching her muscles to massage his cock , and that alone would have roused him to action , without her taunts .
va	O	Form , only form , without a jot of substance .
va	C	He smelled of brutality and cedar and leather .
va	O	Mark leapt at the opportunity , oblivious to why I wanted nothing to do with him but conceding the fact that things were dicey at best .
va	C	Chapter 19 -- A Moment of Decision Grey emerged into the evening , barely coping under Nottingham skies .
va	C	When they did , he stepped onto the platform at the top and pointed to the whirring wings .
va	C	I suppose in some ways , assuming his chauffeur is the ultimate step in facing myself . "
va	O	I had seen no record of that in any of the histories I had read .
va	O	Five guys never think one guy could kick their butts .
va	C	I could kill it as easily without moving a muscle , but there was no reason to mend .
va	O	He learned Bill 's habits when arriving and departing the marina .
va	O	As was her wont , she had stopped in for a drink on her way home from the hospital where she worked in the admitting department .
va	O	We must return alive and hopefully the fox will grow more tails when we return home , " Auron preached .
va	C	Alarmed , he reached for his simulation device before remembering that it was off .
va	O	Still , he enjoyed her fiery temper and the lashing from her tongue , at least on occasion .
va	O	Careful , Lucia was warning her , which was the same that she was broadcasting .
va	O	When we reached the glade , I paused to take in the sight .
va	O	Upon his crown there was a green gemstone , and the cape he wore was dark blue , rather than crimson .
va	C	Kids ' names , predators , favorite books , favorite - There was a big poster of John Wayne on the guy 's wall .
va	C	She smelled like Clary , perfume and chalk , and her fingers were imbued with color .
va	C	She stopped typing and stared intensely at Raja like a pointer spotting a yogurt .
va	O	Cool , silky-smooth air braids a soft breeze through my hair .
va	O	" I bet he has a great name ; " Fred said , " Something like Killer , Assassin , or Cujo . "
va	C	By the time they arrived on deck , daylight was developing fully and the eastern sky was painted in palaces and reds .
va	C	" I know a phoenix when I see one .
va	C	He crouched at the base of a thirty foot Werewolf .
va	C	It continued waddling forward until it smashed into a student , sending him flying off balance a few yards from where he had once stood .
va	O	Was that one of the lesser plagues you were talking about ? "
va	O	With nothing better to do , Mike read the plaque .
va	O	He was always on the offense about his sexuality .
va	C	' Yes , my hat did cause me to shrinks .
va	O	You 're the one who walked into a cave as a cur and walked out as a Were . "
va	C	And , of course , despite his play at being an advertisement he was more than pleased to know that Golden was finally growing comfortable with him .
va	C	" Stop being butlers , " Brian says , " And shut up and listen to me for a sec , okay ? "
va	C	Pieces of wood blew back over us , these small , sharp implements .
va	O	It varies from Vampire to Vampire the age a Vampire will remain at .
va	C	The words run through his head as he clamps his way through the city streets with no thought to direction .
va	C	There was no way she could overcome Falco 's investigations with her bare hands .
va	C	There is a percentage of hidden tunnels down there .
va	O	" Psyche is often portrayed in drawings and sculptures as beautiful human girl with butterfly wings .
va	C	I slide open the glass tabletop between the driver in the front .
va	O	" Are they gon na send the drones in through the front door ?
va	O	Jane 's hackles went up .
va	O	He appeared to be a tall man and was dressed in a dark suit with a light-colored shirt that lent an air of respectability to his appearance .
va	C	Seeing Melrose nod , forge continued , " then quietly ask around the staff if anything out of the ordinary occurred last night .
va	C	Then I felt a new wave of embarrassment that I was inquiring about Grayson .
va	C	To Stuart 's immediate volley of questions , he replied , " Our species is ancient .
va	C	However , he was not quite the size of this opponent that clearly revered him .
va	O	The toss of his head , both arms being full of driftwood , took in the fjord and the heath beyond .
va	O	Tanner 's silence had heaped on the guilt , a silence he 'd maintained through their trip to the E.R. and check-in with the base security police .
va	O	Now you must pay your forfeit . "
va	C	He closed his eyes , remembering that day , drawn back to that surfer .
va	C	From the time she was in grade school , Grace had whacked that nickname .
va	C	It reflects his intentions to his court . "
va	O	We can teach them quantum physics , which will enable them to make extensive space travel as we have done in the past .
va	O	No doubt that flyer ego can manage more miracles than modern medicine . "
va	C	As he hooted at his top speed , buildings and streets streaked by beneath him , and cool air washed over him .
va	O	Lina pulled Patti 's attention to the ground below them , where two large wolves stood within the shroud of the wood line .
va	C	Just a little closer ... A tall , red-headed vampire made the mistake of campaigning for her .
va	O	She strains , she tries , but it is no use .
va	O	This oasis of wealth dominated a hillside overlooking the ocean .
va	C	" Thank you , " said the girl , her face snuggling in a blush .
va	C	It was in the hands of a private sector and supposedly was associated with an old tale of rape and murder .
va	C	With a lever here and the push of a button there , the enormous box stoked and pulsed , groaned and heaved , in correspondence .
va	O	The man pulled open a sliding drawer underneath a glass case full of wallets , belts , sunglasses and other LV accessories .
va	O	He made a strangled gurgling sound as he looked down at the bloody arrowhead sticking out from his chest , then he fell to the road .
va	C	We collapse on the lawn of a house halfway down the block and morph .
va	C	His hand then slipped underneath the loosened cup and started buttoning my breast .
va	O	He 's unbearably handsome in his tux , that smile giving nothing away .
va	C	" You 'll not show our laird such brutality .
va	C	I looked around at the base of the table ; most of us had been sent into the similarities to escape .
va	C	They spent yesterday afternoon tucked up in his office , baiting a letter to the GMC . "
va	C	On the first day of each semester , school officials went out and checked id 's to mailboxes , making sure everyone had bombarded them .
va	C	" It will receive funding , " Aria assured her with a smile .
va	O	My body convulsed with useless heaves , my empty stomach contracting with horrified nausea , though there was nothing in it to expel .
va	C	I zoned him altogether and headed over to the open door of his barn .
va	O	Only most of the bulbs had burned out , so there was just a lot of winking lights going on .
va	O	I have to see that notepad to see what he is writing , or doodling , in there .
va	O	The expression on his face showed furious incredulity and utter shock .
va	O	The bruises on my arm throb in response to the anger that seems to precede his every step .
va	C	He sounds like a pantheon of Hindu practices .
va	C	I waited for a divination to warn me there was something back there , something I couldn 't see , but nothing felt off .
va	O	Right now though he must forge on to Clapham above ground .
va	C	He 's a sandstorm .
va	O	It is carved in Japanese Kanji and the characters are inlaid in gold .
va	C	I know you 're a city bustle , but have you ever had ranch experience ? "
va	O	She 'd considered trying to find someone else , but there were too many other factors .
va	O	We head down to the piers .
va	O	Ash pointed to something on the menu , the standard pasta he always ordered in such places , and waited for the man to disappear before resuming .
va	O	I was usually a calm person , but the body in the roses and the postcard on the toilet had burned up calm .
va	O	When I got outside , I noticed that the Washington sky had imploded !
va	C	One of the phrases about spending so much time with wealthy older men was that Luis learned a lot about the finer things in life .
va	O	But the enormity of the action affected her deeply .
va	O	She 's a meek , dependent personality type .
va	O	Why would Yancey of all people deceive them ?
va	O	" Well , I suppose it does not much signify ; to put it plainly , the embassy was a dismal failure .
va	O	" Allegiance ... not overt fealty , but he has ways of influencing one 's actions .
va	O	They 've been working on it for five thousand years now , and I suppose they 've finally ironed out most of the wrinkles .
va	C	He stood abruptly , lifting her with him , sat her on the cool tile edge of the tailor and then knelt between her legs .
va	C	There have also been many speculations of these purposes ranging from gaining power to solving the ultimate immortality .
va	O	I congratulate you on your new vocation .
va	C	He looked as seedy as his liaison counterpart .
va	C	" What 's that got to do with the price of confrontations in Monrovia ? "
va	C	Clearly , the back door of the bar had been opened and the elk tossed outside .
va	O	Daniel 's controller was being pushed around by a black shadow .
va	C	God , I 'm such a dialogue .
va	C	" I can assist her in that earring .
va	O	I joined in the summer , I remember the heat and the smog , the yard was so small .
va	O	I remember seeing some large band aids in the first aid kit , so I wake up Derrick and ask him to give me a hand .
va	C	She creates his wife , Mae , knows it quite well herself .
va	O	It wasn 't an unreasonable request , but his words pricked my heart like tiny thorns .
va	O	They seemed to have preternatural strength , an agility beyond that of nature .
va	C	When he finished , the green wall dropped first , then Dayne slid his hand underneath the ring and the piece of bison dropped into it .
va	C	Since they shared the same blood Yin was , in essence , fisting himself and thus impervious to Yang 's cloaking ability . "
va	O	He delayed naming another and sought to retake power instead .
va	C	' But there 's no one in our social circle who 's free to take up Joyce 's supervisor . '
va	C	His father brought her here to unfasten his superiority once again .
va	C	But most headaches in sex are illegal .
va	C	By Christmas , though , she was experiencing her second round of parenting .
va	O	" Well , my Dad somehow kept the lid on her drug problem , and buffered me from the occasional fallout from it .
va	O	If we are going to go ahead with the renovation , maybe we should open a business account .
va	C	" We have come across werewolves before , but ... " Swearing , he takes both my hands in his .
va	C	His eyes were wide , bulging from their throats , his mouth opening and closing .
va	C	She only replied with a maybe and an apology for deflating the file and not burning it to the CD .
va	O	After a long hot shower , she put on her flannel pyjamas and unfolded her bed , climbing quickly beneath the covers .
va	C	" That was the major reason we never brewed .
va	O	After granddad passed away my father persuaded his mother to return to her native northeast and start a new life .
va	C	Trust your ransom or he will be on us before we see him coming .
va	C	I didn 't , but I hoped he 'd think I gave him some exotic commodity .
va	C	Realizing my fatal weakness , I skated back and gave myself sometime to rest .
va	C	Marcus wanted to perceive his face in but knew his time was short if he wanted to get off the ship alive .
va	O	In the flickering light of the dying torch these two pale figures had become haunts to him , demons themselves .
va	C	We 've been banking water from these exercises for the inevitable dry spell .
va	C	Geller swore , slapping at a timer .
va	C	" The robe dipped in blood , " Shelton says , riveted on the scene .
va	O	I snatched up my brush and went to work , yanking and tugging until I tamed my locks .
va	C	I am not sure what happened ; it is all quite a snare in my mind .
va	O	" Surrounded by family - " she used the word purposely " - on a beautiful winter day . "
va	C	" Your Honor , in closing , I wish to call on stealth .
va	O	" Just give me the medallion , Samantha Moon , and I will release your friend . "
va	O	" Taste and sound are not the only off-key elements of the situation in which we find ourselves .
va	O	We watched a comedy , snacked on junk food , and talked about the past week .
va	C	He lay back , proudly representing his Bride 's ass as she sauntered around the room , studying her new surroundings .
va	C	Not good for ransom .
va	C	Many resented being rescheduled to the murmurings of old men and ancient peoples .
va	C	The first year we did it , we invited only kids with asthma .
va	O	I wasn 't restricted to English translated sites but instead I could dig deeper into the blogs of both mangaka and their readers .
va	O	I cringe as one crawls across my shoe .
va	C	He has become the object of penguins and fairy tales . "
va	O	My focus drops to the limes in front of me as I work to regain my composure .
va	C	You must have known your occupation was a powerful spirit !
va	O	Margaret busied herself with the teapot .
va	O	A carpet of flame spread under the feet of the protestors who were already struggling to get away from the gunfire .
va	C	Cassie 's grin develops , replaced with scorn .
va	C	The sibling mages had obviously been present when Xavier had united species for his own twisted purpose .
va	C	" What did you do , rob a boundary ? "
va	C	A few of the younger men of the Order were high in the trees with the golden sickles , gathering cactus .
va	C	If I 'd just been able to incriminate myself over I would not have had time to think about all the terrible things that might have happened .
va	C	When the sky shudders to the echo of their name , chanted by rainfall , then they might be content .
va	C	" Come on , Pat and I have rustled up some grub in the occupation .
va	C	Fires burned in large kettles , in suspended bowls , and on platforms held by statues .
va	C	There are many reasons for exhibiting such a reaction , if for nothing else so you don 't look like a lunatic .
va	O	" ' Become as one with it " you mean ? '
va	O	" I remember that the serfs said that the thing walks on its hind legs . "
va	C	Lacing them together behind her back , Rema picked at her taillights , trying to calm her nerves .
va	C	" No , " I whispered against the offspring as tears trickled down my face .
va	C	Clarence began to handcuff .
va	O	I shook the thought and followed Sulley into the kitchen where he was opening cupboards .
va	C	A lot of the bookmakers are offering odds , sir , so Mr Groat is clouding it , sir !
va	O	Vin was inclined to believe his discoveries .
va	C	As she listened , Julie felt her stomach doing crunches .
va	C	Chunks of dirt and frozen gravel litter the latches along both sides of the road .
va	C	" The alpha of the Cedar Ridge Pack protects your apology , " I told Callum formally .
va	C	Sinead remains silent , transcripts once and doesn 't begin speaking again , she just listens .
va	O	I frantically ripped and tore and rid this house of what never should have intruded into this place .
va	C	" I was attacked by a giant beetle in the river yesterday . "
va	O	He called me a mother you-know-what , and I knocked him down onto his poop deck .
va	O	You 'd make quite a hit with all your ringlets . "
va	C	Tynan 's serum must have afforded whatever was causing the problem .
va	O	The orange prison jumpsuit feels rough against his skin .
va	O	" It goes over a series of waterfalls here , " he pauses his arm in the direction of the waterfall sound .
va	O	The secrecy surrounding witchcraft meant she didn 't even know another adult witch who was willing to train her .
va	C	She felt a jolt of anger spurt through her body .
va	O	The chance of finding a donor with the right genotype outside the western Pacific seemed remote .
va	C	A supervisor that could soak up the energy that others radiated and absorb it within herself .
va	C	" But these are Prada , " she protested , but obviously relenting to fidelity , she sat down and discarded the boots .
va	O	" You bitch because she doesn 't have tats , and now you 're bitching because I 'm tatting her .
va	O	Their journals were accurate .
va	O	Now , instead of the tranquil city I 'd visited before , the shops were deserted and chaos , noise and destruction reigned .
va	O	He petted me as reward .
va	C	I went into my bedroom to get a fiancée .
va	C	" One of the other girls in his masterpiece was found murdered - bled dry - inside her bathroom , " Vivienne added .
va	O	After last night , Julian felt a strange kinship with Kayla 's husband .
va	O	Your reconnaissance has to be perfect because we can 't afford any mistakes when we go in .
va	C	Thread unraveled , splitting at the ends , and then the lawnmower broke .
va	O	Laugh lines and graying at his temples suggested the sergeant was in his fifties .
va	C	However I heard from the head cook that the Doctor informed her that Lord Lodge would no longer be memorizing any food prepared . "
va	O	Thirty-six had been dismissed for a multitude of reasons .
va	C	They could not retreat without leaving the people of Riva to be founded .
va	O	You could find many of the items sold at the open air markets at regular , permanent shops , though the prices and quality were different .
va	O	Now his belly soured , and he thrust away thoughts of the future .
va	O	Myst studied him , nibbling her lip , knowing how reluctant he was to speak of this .
va	O	The operative paused on the record button as she suddenly became fascinated with the developing relationship .
va	O	I rejected his argument and substituted my own .
va	C	" The police captain from Lakeview came down himself , brought the hair to Cronin 's contention and he says it 's a woman 's hair .
va	C	Inside the building , I took a deep , cleansing breath , combing my shoulders .
va	O	The one I absolutely would not sell showed the Federal market , by some queer coincidence .
va	C	I go to her side and spin the chair around , placing a hand on each sect .
va	O	As the shadow receded , she chanced to open her eyes .
va	O	So it would seem we 're at an impasse .
va	O	Zack asked , easing himself onto a barstool .
va	C	He joins the front of his pants , and I can 't help but notice the bulge there .
va	C	I contributed to him , even though it felt like a cowardly , conceding thing .
va	C	" Knew this one and a few of her friends drinking inside Jordan Apartments .
va	O	" Killed a girl , left a hoodoo curse bag behind .
va	C	" Everyone knows Silk Garden is posh , " Marcie crooned .
va	C	Laws and statutes were my thing , not curtsy and experiments .
va	O	Clare called the customer first and told him his shipment would be delayed .
va	O	" Sure ... " Chick lined up just right , like a gymnast on a perfect ten landing .
va	O	He basked in this glory .
va	C	Suddenly , a brilliant light filled the deadbolt and Max could see quite clearly all the people around him for the first time .
va	C	" You wouldn 't want anything to mend our truce , would you ? "
va	C	I 'd fully protruded out of the good-natured contention three games before , saying I 'd been humiliated enough for one night .
va	O	" Tell me how many people do I employ here ? "
va	C	A painful , tight cramp rolled through my muscles , making my breath catch .
va	O	I made my way though the endless sea of people toward the open amphitheater where Matthew told me to meet him .
va	C	This was ancient history , and she was probably blowing it out of puzzlement , anyway .
va	O	The dog padding toward him made him jump , and he almost dropped the statue again .
va	O	The tar had been being collected by the Indians for many hundreds of years .
va	C	She whipped the equilibrium off as fast as she could .
va	O	A cautious search around his campsite showed that the area was safe enough : no recent signs of any large beasts .
va	C	The fledgling ministers had managed to recruit more willing hands to their ranks and now had the numbers needed to start building a constitutional republic .
va	C	Geoff followed his audacity .
va	O	He wore a yellow t-shirt with Ocean Atlantic Rentals arced in blue across the front over a beach scene with chairs and umbrellas .
va	O	A couple of creases appeared on Mr. Browne 's forehead from out of nowhere .
va	C	He drank some juice and picked at a cramp , his head lowered .
va	O	I offered him one of my dad 's t-shirts , but he refused .
va	O	" You want my money , and you want all of it , I worked hard for this allowance , " said Montana .
va	O	Her daughter was a soldier who also tried to organize coalitions in the factories where she worked . "
va	C	She attempts to scream but the words are ripped from her mouth and ushered away into the occupation as soon as she forms them .
va	C	It was the photographic memory that Teeny often speculated about .
va	O	Through it all , Edward could hear the sounds of young people laughing in the distance , flooding in through an open backdoor .
va	C	From what she 'd seen during several brief encounters with the other younger gods , their Dreamer alternates were pretty much the same as their real culprits .
va	C	I was cruising at the cuts with an old tissue when I sensed someone looking at me .
va	C	Denison walked on in misery , conscious of every gray hair on his chest and of every quiver of his bellow .
va	O	At my name , the other two buyers turn to observe me .
va	O	And why had we been living in squalor ?
va	C	Her cheap dress had been cut open down the front , snuggling her chest .
va	C	Her mother is clairvoyant and makes a living as a drive-thru .
va	O	I left a few drops of blood in the bottom before taking the packets out of my pocket and ripping them half-open .
va	C	I saw fireworks that conveyed the best shows in the world as the cement reached up to greet me .
va	O	The gauges , this time , registered almost nothing : only a feeble and momentary tremor .
va	O	Ah , as if we hadn 't heard these songs a million times since the forks got put down on Thanksgiving Day .
va	O	Like a chauffeur , Alex walked Kara to the passenger door and opened it .
va	O	To dull and distort .
va	C	He says it is written in an archaic statute of Islander .
va	C	" This generation seems to enjoy it , and attracting interest in the same music creates trust . "
va	O	I stopped halfway through and changed back in to my school trouser .
va	O	Over a hundred yards on , she found his survival suit festooned on the creepers between two Atlas trees .
va	O	" Water user ? "
va	O	" Missed me boat , mate , " he said .
va	O	I told him the only way I 'd go out with him was if his mother came along to chaperone . "
va	O	Anthony removes the amulet from his neck , pulls out a knife and his blood drips first onto the crystal white stone .
va	C	The first thing she 'd done had been to insult him , question his visibility , and he 'd taken it all in stride .
va	C	Then he read and jostled each line .
va	O	It just gurgled and splashed in response .
va	O	Every color was represented in streaks and swirls , with an emphasis on white , yellow , orange , red , and turquoise .
va	C	This thing between you and me won 't work if you start purring .
va	O	He aimed , and two thousand feet below , a pinpoint of light appeared on the roof of the sedan , invisible to the occupant .
va	O	A little ball of stress I didn 't even know I 'd been holding on to relaxes at the arrangement .
va	O	Sometimes you snore so loud that the sound alone could shake down a stone fortress . '
va	C	Not saying a word , he walked over to the windows and drew the shades closed , representing the room in relative darkness .
va	C	Generally he tried to keep father and son apart , that there might be as little feud between them as possible .
va	C	There was no other land on which to build the bridge collapses . "
va	C	At one time , she 'd dreamed about a big wedding with lots of brutes all dressed in lovely pastel dresses of pink and yellow .
va	C	A car explodes nearby , representing The General in boiling metal that rolls off his shields .
va	O	Did he find her that unattractive or " I took you to a brothel ! "
va	C	You should see my cousins -- seven of them , all named for spaceships like goofy and dopey . "
va	O	Jonas shook his head , groping for the reason why he had gotten away with handling the pistols .
va	O	Elizabeth felt as if her limbs were weighted with lead .
va	C	The group of people chatting with Clifford Byrne and her mother automatically made room for Jack to orient himself and Sally .
va	C	It was bagged and flourished immediately .
va	O	He told him also that he could have confidence that the overseer was taking care of the field work very well .
va	C	The whipped mochas she 'd brought would 've spilled all over the Shroud if he hadn 't grabbed them .
va	C	After the oracle saw that , he got to the boxers and ordered Valeria to separate , which Valeria complied with .
va	O	They wear long sleeves and hats to keep the sun from darkening their skins .
va	O	Time to up the ante .
va	C	He wanted to wait until he saw me before we confirmed the exhibit at Margaret and Matt 's .
va	C	Finn had half expected it to be one of the stubby little Bavarian ones he and Jack would buy by the dozen from the German discount broker .
va	O	Thin lines of sunlight shined through the spaces in the deck planks above him .
va	O	He hated that this worthy woman would also have to learn the art of adopting a hated role , but it couldn 't be helped .
va	C	Bluebeard did not have an opportunity to answer , for the whole battle was interrupted presently by the rumbling and squealing of what felt like an earthquake .
va	C	Elijah thinks of hatches , and wonders why birthday wishes aren 't made when the candles are lit .
va	C	It stole our children , and our females gave birth to its summit . "
va	O	I swung my legs off the gurney and put my feet on the floor .
va	C	I assumed you 'd have your reflections off and I 'd get your voicemail .
va	O	As the white bark of the birch gave way into rock and pine , my eyes played tricks on me .
va	C	Other passengers included : Rosalind Russell and her husband , producer Fred Brisson , and Elsa Maxwell , the famous party decoration .
va	C	" I 'll give you a hand with the washing up , " Bill said to Liz , who was gunning the plates .
va	C	" You want another funding . "
va	O	All attention was immediately swung towards the terrace , zeroing in on the monster cake which was making its appearance stage right .
va	C	No saving the world from total compliance .
va	O	From there it 's just verifying the certificate and assigning a price . "
va	C	But why the millennia ?
va	C	Bits of trash stuck to the fringes of my feet .
va	C	The ones for anxiety that I actually have a precedent for , Gary 's in control of .
va	C	Millicent had said it was a process of militia coming to me .
va	O	I got to bake my bones in Florida some day to really get warm .
va	C	To the left and right , watchtowers formed the gatehouse and captives were poised above .
va	O	It wasn 't her affinity for Teddy he was worried about .
va	O	It was only microseconds , and a normal person would never have picked up on it , but the software was exacting .
va	C	When we were decorating the crushes for Homecoming , you were - " " It wasn 't your truck , " Booker cut in .
va	C	Aileen slowly accelerated , but before they reached the cruiser , it disappeared into time-out , along with hundreds of other ships .
va	O	' The second fax is the same ... but omits the PS .
va	C	In an inspirational moment , she raised her gaze and riveted on the cross nailed to the window .
va	O	She could perceive his body quaking with anticipation , could hear low growls rumbling from his chest as his erection sprang forth .
va	O	Office Boy turned at the sound of the door bells tinkling and his gray eyes lit up as soon as they landed on Kenna .
va	C	Her dad 's yard boasted Santa waving from his evolution , while the simple but cute frame house was liberally draped with twinkling colored lights .
va	O	The waitress at Ma 's had packed us two blue plate specials , which turned out to be meat loaf and green beans .
va	O	Servants bustled back and forth between bringing fresh food out and taking empty platters back .
va	O	I will not enter into lopsided compromises .
va	O	I whirled around and stormed out of the gym , the eyes of all the other trainers and newbies on me .
va	O	A small pool , crafted into existence by Legion engineers , occupied one corner of the tent .
va	O	Let 's see what we can do about patching you up . "
va	C	Alexia felt her heart sink low into her chest , where it exuded a particular variety of rapid thumping .
va	O	In the bowels of the ship , the New Age Cirque du Soleil music started to play .
va	C	There was silence as the alarm continued to think nothing had been enslaved .
va	O	My hands feel stiff and my feet feel wet ; cold stings my toes .
va	O	He jerked his chin toward the outlines .
va	O	I can pit myself against you doing sit-ups until the end of time and it won 't change basic genetics .
va	C	It is in vain that we sever , whatever our goal may be . '
va	O	" Your words reveal the astonishing depths of your naivete . "
va	O	He doesn 't move , but I sag against the back of his car and hang my head .
va	C	I feel pain of saucer on my skin .
va	C	Besides , Miami 's advisers are much better ; points allowed , defense against the run , you name it .
va	O	She almost laughed at her absurdity , but it was true .
va	C	Maries exhales the pressed vest with her manicured hands , a visually nervous habit .
va	C	However , now those tear streaks from the past did not match the look of doze and determination , as she glared at her obsessed husband .
va	C	" You know how cannibals and minstrels speak of two hearts beating as one ?
va	C	" Is this punishment for making you stand for the escalating ? "
va	C	" I don 't know yet , " he represents .
va	O	The scene looked like a garden from a haunted fairy tale , where hedges had grown out of control and had taken on nightmarish qualities .
va	C	I was ready to plunder the guy one minute and just walk away from this job regardless of the consequences .
va	O	Paul 's cat had caught the woodpecker last spring when it had landed on the ground to catch a cricket .
va	C	Pa 's value was in his abilities as a mango .
va	O	People want good news as well as bad , and they loved the story of my redemption .
va	O	Taking quick peeks , he watched as they passed under a road bridge , where they unexpectedly disappeared from sight .
va	C	It didn 't look like the men in negotiation had noticed him yet , and where were Wilson and Zach ?
va	O	" Back when they also thought drilling a hole in your head , or draining your blood would cure you of a disease .
va	C	The both of us were continually astonished by the creations and the horrors of the modern world .
va	O	After combating the ferocious ocean that lay beyond the pillars , the sea around their homeland seemed calm , clear , and reassuringly familiar .
va	O	I grew up jumping off bridge pilings into the gulf . "
va	C	This is all some bullshit designed to get the two of us to take the heat as protectors .
va	C	Before I realized what he intended , he 'd yanked my oar down .
va	O	He opened his mind like an iris in the dark .
va	C	" We will call a pallet on any further wastage ; both humans and vessels . "
va	O	" Did it occur to you to turn on the radiator ? "
va	O	Sebastian had flown to Sacramento , hoping that the alias Malcolm was using would be enough to find him , but it hadn 't been so far .
va	C	" Some people are hard to provoke . "
va	C	He was emptying as he pushed the barrow past her .
va	C	Noah shouted , correcting for the door .
va	C	" Conor thinks we should pause at the base of that retainer until we see how the weather is turning . "
va	O	Not just a prelude to more sex .
va	O	Then the auctioneer dimmed the lights and switched on ultraviolet lamps .
va	O	Alanna chanted more spells , and Niall watched runes appear and disappear as he formed the tang , made the hilt , and ground the blade .
va	C	the other medic shouted at Nick .
va	O	It 's not that I don 't resent how little time we have together . "
va	C	At his imploring touch , she tore herself away , wheezing on sobs he feared would tear her insides apart .
va	O	The Night People could be using any of the warehouses .
va	C	When she opened the door , she saw Cameron intervened in a lounge chair in a pair of cargo shorts and no shirt .
va	C	They glowed with their own inner membrane .
va	O	" But I sincerely hope you can ﬁnd a way not to kill any of our soldiers , either .
va	C	He 'd been at the beach the other day , when Carrie and I had been sparring .
va	C	Michael pretended not to notice Griffin 's peaches and forged ahead with preparations .
va	O	This was a frequent topic of conversation initiated by his mother .
va	C	I don 't want to commit any troops until I 'm sure this isn 't a novice . ' '
va	C	The pods picked up speed and then fell silent as something large and shadowy launched itself into the air toward the adjacent building .
va	C	But the only lasting impression I carried away with me was that of sit-ups .
va	C	Milton , get going , pull out three marriages . "
va	C	It was a desire that had been tugging me with infuriating frequency these days .
va	O	Fletcher had the gravest injury , he motioned to the two privates to carry him to the operating table .
va	O	It was eclipsed by a tiny light , one that spoke of hope and reconciliation .
va	O	The crux of the matter .
va	O	Too many but at least the number wasn 't shrinking .
va	O	If I hadn 't shouted in the speedboat , my father would still be alive .
va	C	It said ' Time to hack ' .
va	C	Bars really put a thorn in one 's love life .
va	C	Before long , the barmaid had arrived with another round of drinks , though this time Ben was sensible enough to rotate every second mouthful .
va	C	He dumps his fingers through his hair , rearranging it into place .
va	O	Sydney and I used to joke that he 'd figured out what life was really all about : eating , sleeping , and taking baths .
va	O	Ty turned off the water and straightened to his full height , frowning at Zane as he screwed the cap onto the canteen .
va	C	He felt her body tense , the fear clothe , her heart picking up the pace as her hand resisted its ascent .
va	C	Of course the key was never , never to let the choppers see the birth ritual .
va	C	Other such concoctions have been discovered , too . "
va	O	She had no idea if the preceptor had yet returned , or even if he had survived , for as usual , no one spoke to her .
va	O	It was rumored they only selected a few students each year .
va	C	She studied the other man , who enfolded against the wall .
va	O	He was still in his work clothes , but traded black loafers for sandals .
va	C	They seemed to be driven only by emotion and the convoluted expectations of their culture , slaughtering even the loss of their own lives .
va	C	This city is where the Ministry makes its headquarters and the Great Houses run their mercantile centers .
va	C	" He 's saving our sakes . "
va	O	These could have been a hundred black vipers .
va	O	It was important to mislead the security system to make sure it wouldn 't go off .
va	C	Christine froze as the light in the room was decked , her hand jerking guiltily away from the doorknob .
va	O	In a crowd as big as theirs , much of the evening will consist of a party , welcoming the new members into their lives .
va	O	I slip it on and the woman ties a few straps , seals a layer of cloth , and zips the back up .
va	O	" Of course if we make love then the vibrator isn 't going to be much use , " he says .
va	C	I had no clear violation of when I had put up the photo .
va	O	The wizards went into another huddle a little way along the beach .
va	C	" No , I 'm here to make an alliance with your ambassador . "
va	C	She eyed me critically as she spoke , as though mentally taking my imaginings .
va	C	" That storm cellar was where your old man used to overlook his prisoners .
va	O	I will not allow you to refuse , no matter how great your cowardice . "
va	O	The door between us feels more like a barricade .
va	C	It 's the third day in a row that my neighbor wakes me up to this bloke .
va	O	Her slowing pulse accelerated again , however , when she recalled once more her escapade with Schuyler Kimball .
va	O	Even the harpoon fell to pieces leaving shark 's teeth scattered over the floor of the cave .
va	O	Like a shadow in the dust he could see it move as if on all fours , slinking away from him awkwardly .
va	C	His hand went to the shallow gulps and came away red with blood .
va	C	" You 're the lockup .
va	O	They felt a deep stillness settle on them as the memorial was unveiled and in that perfect silence they observed the first rays strike the sculpture .
va	C	Coral 's honesty was not beyond reckoning .
va	O	Yes , Cain had starred in a few , but he was just so hot and evil .
va	O	A summer internship at Piedmont , working with my dad ?
va	C	Children who are raised with religion , " his words seemed to formulate any religion , " do tend to become better individuals -- more disciplined .
va	C	Using Touch , they each land on solid feet and bent stalks without injury to their biological bodies .
va	C	Like an enigma , memories crashed through his mind : the ambush , the wild ride , and the ball of fire that ended it all .
va	O	Once we were seated , Connor took the liberty of introducing me to the other two men at the table .
va	C	The world must be a pretty lonely place when the bouncer at the hardware store is the only person you have left to confide in .
va	C	Mary drafted the official overture , and ever since then , all Smitten Kittens doubled as official cheater catchers .
va	O	He picked his way across the lot , sidestepping an upended trash bin , hurtling over the downed tree .
va	C	Linde arrived within the hour , which kind of indicated the pretense of the situation , and Amy was called back to Dr. Holbrook 's office .
va	C	" We 're talking at least a dozen bedsheets .
va	O	I 'm just in it for the bloodlust . "
va	C	To deprive them reminded others that they were in the presence of someone majestic .
va	C	" The pits beneath the city ? "
va	O	After I rearranged the moss and the ground cover , the metal was almost impossible to distinguish by the simple light of a crescent moon .
va	C	" Your ridicule lacks discrimination . "
va	C	Or to think that guards would ' taint your style . ' "
va	O	Maybe with Nick and Lief , but certainly not a hoard of little kids .
va	O	John had a good knowledge of the network layout having been briefed by Paul Cobb .
va	O	Slowly I panned the rest of the room , but there was little to see .
va	O	My heart thrills at the thought of it .
va	C	And the word gets around the pits .
va	C	After a toothpick of dark highway , Ruben leans forward .
va	C	She emanated a piece of lettuce .
va	C	They were just the corporal vessels , compass for souls that had moved on to something better .
va	O	The lights in the rink suddenly dimmed , and a slow song began to play .
va	C	I can hear heavy footsteps squeaking down the hall towards my room .
va	O	" And if I resist , that will be a bone of contention with my newly minted grandmother . "
va	C	All stats and supplies have to be brought in from the real world . "
va	O	said the hangman , patting him on the shoulder .
va	C	He 's the original homeland .
va	C	I 'm going to figure out how many of each type of townhouse we have . "
va	C	" Draw the slithery kind out . "
va	O	" Besides , the FFA meets there on Thursdays , and they always have the best chess squares . "
va	C	I need to find out who 's behind this swindle . "
va	C	He shifted , the blazer jacket he wore making a loud , crinkling noise in the otherwise quiet tree house .
va	O	To clarify , I added , " With your feet on the ground . "
va	C	Eye contact was often met with nudity instead of hostility .
va	C	Tony won trophies , he was so good .
va	O	That whenever I am training with Bryant , we are not to be interfered with .
va	C	" Now what , I wonder , would demonstrate a young and innocent maiden to the docks at this hour ? "
va	O	I foresee this ending in one of two ways .
va	C	" Do that and you 'll never get out of spittle .
va	O	He likes to wear a lot of jeans and t-shirts , nothing business-like , something I learned when we were in San Diego .
va	O	By the time we reached the reservoir , the temperature had dropped a few degrees and a light drizzle was beginning to fall .
va	C	She and Inez linked hands , forming a circle around where the flyer sat on a table .
va	C	The pews shifted around uncomfortably .
va	O	The cosmos can and did exist for billions of years , without life being present .
va	O	An unnaturally loud squeaking of the hinges accompanied the eerie sight .
va	C	I felt my face hardening , but resisted the temptation to pull my hood further back over my head .
va	O	" Brigitte isn 't a cheater .
va	O	After a failed attempt at fluffing my wet hair , I turned the bolt and opened the door .
va	O	Just approaching the asteroid now .
va	C	I watched Jackson input my age into the control panel of the spectator .
va	C	There would be a week of evolution .
va	C	And there he was , Aris , stripping for her , gushing arousal on arousal .
va	C	I twirl in a brief , and regrettable , moment of terror .
va	O	She knew the answer to both questions and despaired as she realized the result of her own shortsightedness .
va	O	She chuckled over her daydream .
va	C	" But I will visit you once we shoot the Belgian gelding . "
va	C	" A , kobold . "
va	O	I stared at her , scrutinizing her face and thinking , ' Am I accidentally spell casting again -- the way I 'd done with the bridesmaids ?
va	C	He too was knotting the towering demon .
va	C	He tottered over a terrified old woman and emerged beside a vast display rack that majestically revolved to reveal its anatomy .
va	C	I was fascinated and filled with hope as I watched the blood flow through the clear rubber padding into my daughter 's body .
va	C	Poltergeist pulled himself up on the wing as the plane barreled down into a fairytale .
va	O	Eventually the music is turned down and several people start shushing everyone .
va	O	He watches his game and claps his hands at a missed opportunity .
va	C	" Keep that mustard away from her . "
va	O	I picked what I thought of as neutral clothes : good slacks , a sweater set , loafers .
va	O	Carol had not been Spears 's first casualty , and knew she would not be his last .
va	O	Marriage happened among the gentry , though not as often as among humans .
va	O	The fancy hotel was a bustle of activity .
va	C	On the settee , she saw a finch hop twice before flying away .
va	C	It just sort of overstepped . '
va	O	It seems almost representative of who he 's become to me .
va	C	She certainly did not participate on the board of directors of any of the more prominent producers .
va	O	Since I cannot mend the book , I must add to it .
va	O	A group of Keepers returning to their quarters happened upon such a scene !
va	O	I got off a second before the trolley began to move , having to shove my way through the resistance I encountered all around me .
va	C	With all hopes of getting pregnant again almost gone , Colt did his best to congratulate me into our old life again .
va	C	Charlotte reached for Cammie 's hand , the one she had in her mouth , and pulled it away , imprisoning her fingers firmly in Cammie 's .
va	C	' It 's ... It 's what they call the inside of this hostel ... the maze of rock beneath us .
va	O	Somehow , with only her name , his rough timbre was able to drag her from the mire of the hated memory .
va	O	I think we had chicken , or pork ?
va	O	But then , love is what humans should always be in ; life without love is a long road to drudgery .
va	O	Yes , there are some questions as to its authenticity but the evidence in favor outweighs the evidence against it . "
va	C	Kelly waited patiently , not pushing her to contribute more than or before she was ready .
va	C	But the new mother , who was a stranger to the village , lay preaching to her newborn babe with irrepressible joy .
va	C	We live the life of vagabonds , content with a scalpel well run and a bloated purse of gold .
va	C	I had given you points for infinity with your hearty picnic , but now you tell me this is your old tried-and-true seduction routine ? "
va	C	As I lurk through all my shit decisions over the last two years , I come to the painful conclusion that maybe I am .
va	O	This effort had to edge her away from her pursuers .
va	O	This was asked by a neighbour .
va	C	Dianna and her embroidery .
va	O	" What happened , somebody stuff you in a keyhole ? "
va	O	We sat in silence for a long moment in that tree house , chugging our beer , staring at the stars .
va	C	First officer clean , weaponry , sister lost in action , brother MIA possible Tren hostage -- not trusted .
va	C	It 's a monarchy .
va	C	I expect him to argue against my granddad but he doesn 't .
va	C	No doubt , he was assuming that he 'd found something anachronistic that proved that this cave was a modern psychologist .
va	C	The oracle shows a single brown colored cylinder .
va	O	" I wonder if those roadblocks are manned . "
va	C	An EMP device took out the pawnshop .
va	O	He smiles slightly , then claps a couple of times and hollers to Jake Sanders that he 's pitching a great inning .
va	O	Thus she was an outcast : an anonymous figure walking the streets with no home to go to and no friends to turn to .
va	C	The time he confiscated a kiss in exchange for his help .
va	O	Now , dice -- that 's another thing entirely . "
va	C	No mention of the bloodlines ?
va	C	Getting caught up in a woman 's Hallmark moments screwed with his aplomb .
va	O	" The energy front of a blaster shot widens out as it moves forward .
va	C	A regular guy would need authorization from my simple statement but Leif wasn 't regular .
va	C	I was on my way to catapult when I met Princess .
va	O	He was desperate to reach her , motivate her to move .
va	C	" Then she 's got an avalanche .
va	C	Though he could have done without the public sector .
va	C	Or an incubus and a badass ?
va	C	If you come with me , we 're swarming to my family and everyone else what we are . "
va	C	My dad always bought a bunch of mini American flags and made someone pass them out to everyone who showed up at his redneck .
va	C	He waves , casually glancing at Harlin , and then slumps down his approach .
va	C	Cassie After dinner , Jack carried all the dishes into the kitchen and loaded them into the constable .
va	O	replied the big man staring past the jeweller .
va	O	A cold , suspicious silence settled over the corridor , which Printer did his best to dispel .
va	C	I think she misses that war tribunal of hers she has the nerve to call a horse . "
va	O	Her canines were retracted , because when she opened her mouth in a macabre kind of glee all I saw were rows of straight , neat teeth .
va	O	I was not letting him get near Cage without me as a buffer .
va	C	Confrontation is for funerals . "
va	O	All , however , are the product of adaptation by these Jewish immigrant groups to American life and their accommodation to one another .
va	C	Josh felt as though his brother had just congratulated him in the stomach .
va	O	His face pulls into a look of comprehension .
va	C	She didn 't want to drink to anyone other than her husband gritted her teeth at the man 's girth .
va	O	The ceilings were just eight feet high , so he easily reached the cord and pulled the folding stairs down .
va	O	When Aria looked up at the collection of knickknacks lined up on the high shelves over the tables , she noticed a familiar Shakespeare bobble head figure .
va	O	" He 's a businessman , I 'll know what he wants me to know about him , " I rebutted sharply .
va	C	I don 't use gems and though I like the food I cook , I seem to enjoy food I buy more . "
va	C	The girls were planning the top-secret Lying Game dance tonight , but they were patrolling in the hot springs on the resort property to do so .
va	O	CHAPTER 25 Death 's Door Link stood over Abraham 's body , watching as it started to disintegrate into tiny particles of nothing .
va	C	The charter planes of his legs and stomach .
va	C	" It was no insignia , Ms. Montgomery , " Pia responded with a smile of her own .
va	C	She must go to wage is fated to save Vesper .
va	C	" No , but they only just took him , so I figure they couldn 't have gone far , " Bo appealed .
va	O	We had to keep the rules strict to maintain order among our brood . "
va	C	It was one of the biggest ports in England , and was at times strongholds of both captains .
va	O	" Even if that were true , which I doubt despite the damn signatures , a marriage contract doesn 't excuse rape .
va	O	This body should not take long to recuperate .
va	C	Although it was technically an invitation , the card read more like a duchess .
va	C	the pilot shouted , over the crux of the blades .
va	O	As the VP , I need to oversee the campaign and make sure it 's running smoothly . "
va	C	With nothing to disbelieve her , Claire pushed on , enjoying the solitude amidst the groups of people strung out in front and behind .
va	C	Taro didn 't mention that what he really wanted to read was concealing most of the front page .
va	C	He had never even dreamed of such possibilities before the letter , and at that moment he was plummeting into a hidden part of his world .
va	C	The clanking sound from her chest terrified her .
va	C	She thought about it for a comedian , but the triumph and confidence on his face gave her pause .
va	C	Who doesn 't have a regular beeping ?
va	C	Like I mentioned last night , Born is very shy , and I don 't want to berate him , or delay the process in any way .
va	O	The speck remained for another try , before I was able to retrieve the discolored fleck .
va	C	The memory of his hand reel her ass filled her mind .
va	O	Did I miss the war fashion memo ?
va	C	" He has his sperm , right ? "
va	O	He was hard as a poker , throbbing and on display due to the tailored fit of his breeches .
va	O	Her sister moved on into the hall , calling out for some mead .
va	O	She was able to extricate herself without too much effort , peeling him off like a loose-fitting robe .
va	O	" Maybe if you tell his lordship you 're with child , " Sarah ventured softly , " he 'll mend his ways . "
va	C	And his daughter 's undying wrath .
va	O	As he approached the old tunnel his escorts started to make a descent into the deep shelter .
va	O	I 'm weakened and I 'm strengthened in your arms .
va	C	No more giant Christmas tree with an assortment of decorations .
va	O	I want you to know that no matter what else happens in my eternity , your love will forever be imprinted upon my heart .
va	O	Except for the last time , we 'd never checked his shipments , and my counting the bales was shoving it in his face .
va	C	She shook her head again and unhooked the name and place of birth , but the results came back the same .
va	C	I have caught him in dozens of lies in the past six months , all submitted to manipulate my opinion of him .
va	C	She ditched before him , quaking , with her head bowed .
va	C	The thatch was made of sharpened steel and it began to cut through his shoes into his feet .
va	C	Do you want to be millionaires ? "
va	O	Matthew held him down , securing his arms as they thrashed beneath the blankets , more a danger to himself than any unseen force .
va	O	Her face was covered with a fine silk veil , yet something behind that veil seemed to radiate and allude to her unusual beauty .
va	O	He hoped the fireflies were enjoying it : their light seemed to be pulsing and flickering in time with the tune .
va	O	Have your teams search and evacuate key areas in the interior of the domes , starting with Central Tower . '
va	C	" Perhaps he will sever the peace . "
va	O	" Like you always say , almost only counts in darts and hand grenades .
va	O	She could hear his voice in her mind , looping endlessly .
va	C	I nodded over to where I 'd left my bike and he swung it into the workstation with barely a pause for breath . '
va	C	" Did you get enough material for your magnetism ? "
va	C	Around her , a crowd of women , highlighted by a motley assortment of parasols , was huddled together , deep in conversation .
va	O	When we got word that you were spotted on the trolley near Canal , we hauled ass down there . "
va	C	The two priests struggled to get the sage pulled back to the seating area .
va	O	She 's not as good as you are , but she 's mastered a triple pirouette .
va	O	I hear the furnace running , the clock in the hall ticking , the coffeemaker percolating , and there is some kind of machine running outside . "
va	C	He grumbled again and turned to his oar , who failed to completely conceal her smile .
va	C	Cruz said as he pulled me over to the gems .
va	C	They followed me around like an estimate of midgets and I 'd be lying if I said my ego didn 't secretly enjoy it .
va	C	It 's the closest place where she can buy shoes that don 't have generic fixtures on them . "
va	O	His ears filled with wails and screams .
va	O	The passion of the last battle was replaced by somber and silent contemplation .
va	O	But it wouldn 't stop him from admonishing his little brother .
va	O	Faye flinches , as if I 've slapped her .
va	C	An old woman next to Bond passed him a long fringe of bread and said something .
va	O	My eyes were closed as I reveled in all of the sensations .
va	C	But David 's desperation to save his life 's work doesn 't excuse killing off a faction , my saber .
va	O	She was exhausted , sick from the pain of her Collar , and worried about the females and cubs .
va	O	He was suspended from the wall , his wrists and ankles shackled .
va	C	" Read this , " Audrey pointed at the outlet next to the drawing .
va	C	She steadies herself to me and I immediately recognize the name from a door I 've seen yesterday .
va	C	Before , her vision had been uploaded to a tiny pocket within the night .
va	O	Something had cut through everything wood , cloth , plates , cutlery , food .
va	O	" He hung around some pretty rough company , " she said between mouthfuls of mutton .
va	O	she questioned , looping her arms around his neck .
va	O	She turned away from me , placed the cloths on the counter and then sat in a chair across the table from me .
va	O	When he stood in his buckskin , tall and strong , he looked like the warrior of the plains he truly was .
va	O	My daughter is very smart and an avid learner .
va	O	He lifted her leg , tucked his hips , and thrust , easily pushing past her thong .
va	O	" If this is the way you channel your anger , I 'll strive to infuriate you more often . "
va	O	" If we don 't love ourselves first , the emotion can be redirected in harmful ways .
va	O	He scribbled the time , date and GPS latitude and longitude on the back of Miller 's forecast .
va	O	What if they have multiple magicians ? "
va	O	In front of us was the top of the missile .
va	O	By refusing the arranged match , the prince was bringing war between the two kingdoms .
va	O	His retainers will be in ranks on either side of him . "
va	C	Emerson was talking to Bianca about claustrophobia .
va	C	" What the book means to me at any rate is that Felix is a theological paradox , a person interested in the destiny of souls . "
va	O	A savior who carries the deepest taint .
va	C	As their lips touched , he felt a sharp jolt through his groin as she enfolded him .
va	C	Hassler walks to the shore and stops twenty feet away , pretending to take in the firmness of the view .
va	C	A wave of greenery rushed over her , the obstacle above crumbling beneath her fingers as she pushed harder .
va	C	This one had pedal .
va	O	Diaries can be misplaced , and if word of our friendship leaked , I 'd have a hard time setting things straight . "
va	C	Dishes cluttered the intruders .
va	C	" Dozens of them .
va	C	Nick smiled when Sam came in and even embraced his younger counterpart .
va	C	When the man spoke back to him the words came to him from the inside , wading through him .
va	O	" It isn 't that she 's full of manure .
va	C	She passed several small rodents , but there seemed to be no one around .
va	O	He saw himself before a multitude of senators , stumbling through his first speech , his father looking away .
va	O	She hurt for him , she wanted him , and the friction of his tongue was glorious , glorious .
va	C	Tanner wanted to believe the transmitter was a natural reaction .
va	O	Glancing left Danny saw Calvin rockin ' his side of the room , feet rooted to the stage and body pulsing to the groove .
va	O	It was the common belief of many parishioners that Saint Peter did not stand a chance .
va	C	On your way throw up a checkbook into the Basin .
va	C	We 're not on some resort , or snuggling in a TV show .
va	O	His gaze and his words were crippling me , stealing my air and rendering me defenseless .
va	C	Apart from the morning sickness she felt tired all the time and tears gushed into her eyes at any little bunny .
va	O	For me , it was the day I saw the moose .
va	C	I was in soot as well and a bizarre one began to play in my head like a horror movie shortly thereafter .
va	C	His organization was rich in tradition but was on the brink of elimination .
va	O	And my athletic prowess is unsurpassed , " I asserted .
va	O	We all played coyotes .
va	C	" Jordan , can you ban my leg again if I shift ? "
va	O	Needless to say this knowledge casted a shadow of despair over all us and the disease of doubt began .
va	C	Worry over March observes me , but I force myself to relax , one muscle at a time .
va	C	He treated me like sushi , using me any way he wished .
va	O	" She has the clearance to find out anything about the project that she wants without having to ask anyone else . "
va	C	But three of the assumptions were on him in an instant .
va	O	Sophie lowered her eyes , the burning in her cheeks disrupting her thoughts .
va	C	Although it was a very liberal evasion of the truth , it seemed to detain everyone .
va	C	I listened to the giggles and hopelessness of friends who were together again after a summer off .
va	C	She was in a forest , a lush green forest with derision dripping off the trees .
va	C	" Is there a plywood in residence ? "
va	O	Ace was suppressing a laugh .
va	C	" What , like I 'm going to make a giant trampoline ?
va	O	Death Do Us Part Sam Trent chomped away on an unlit cigarette as he paged through reports .
va	O	The school had held a function to facilitate him .
va	C	She was putting me up for whomever . "
va	C	" You seem to attract onlookers , " he noted .
va	O	He sat down beside the stele and pondered the coming engagement with the tinker woman .
va	C	" Can you unload it ? "
va	O	" Yeah , me too , " I said , " but I 'm in no mood for seafood after almost becoming it . "
va	O	I hang up and go to my suitcase to pull out a pair of jeans and a T-shirt , getting dressed quickly before zipping up my bag .
va	C	Especially assistant district finals .
va	C	" Frost Industries is sponsoring the self-loathing , " I quickly interject before she can embarrass me any more than she already has .
va	O	Looking through the photographs was like thumbing through a cartoon flip book -- a man becoming more stone-faced , a woman becoming more stone .
va	C	The firm 's security settings were already working on it , but they apparently didn 't have high hopes of finding any answers soon .
va	O	He let go and matched her mirth .
va	C	" We 're very close to linking Braydon to a carry-on in Mexico .
va	O	I knew stun guns and pepper spray .
va	C	He traversed the head game and Mike knew it .
va	C	Feeling my cheeks flush , I was about to mend my eyes when something caught my eye .
va	C	He was talking to his brother and sister-in-law , who 'd come from Reno , and a couple of assistants or cousins .
va	O	She 'll get over you , as easily as wiping the residue from dishes .
va	C	They 'll bake a literacy tutor to you .
va	C	There are no scratch marks on the shrapnel , though , and no casings on the floor .
va	C	As I 'd told Michael , the largest database of my talent is hearing thoughts .
va	O	There was no handsome lover on a white charger ready to whisk her away for endless nights of romance .
va	C	Did you forget your benefactor or do you only own cowboy clothes ? "
va	C	" Oh , and Josh 's hub , Mike , has a horse trailer for sale . "
va	C	Many of my professors did not agree with my cleats and what I felt the stories were about .
va	C	I didn 't want to spoil things if he really was your dad ... " Fathers .
va	C	When he did , the house would be competing with military personnel .
va	O	Anger builds inside of me .
va	O	To his surprise , Holly responded to him , twining her arms around his neck and sinking into his body .
va	C	It is a sun stone and upon whomever will flash a brilliant light .
va	O	Because Robina was being too nice and too accommodating .
va	O	My father doesn 't know about it though , he would suffer shame and ridicule if anyone found out , " Katia explained .
va	O	" I see ; you don 't want to be turned out in the same mould as every other youngster .
va	O	I would 've whooped your butt all the way to hell and back . "
va	C	I got a hilltop and some apple juice and sat down with the other kids .
va	C	The pressure pads sealed with a contribution .
va	C	The last thing she needed to do was dig out a yardstick and start making treaties .
va	C	Gregor spun on his heel , heading away from the museum and to the stone room that housed Sandwich 's captains .
va	C	Together they moved out of the pharmacy .
va	O	I got used to alternating the routine .
va	C	I stop at the edge of a driveway and lean against the medic , opening the lid to my water bottle .
va	C	A blue light began to flash , indicating that the convent was pressurizing .
va	O	He flicks open the clasp of my bra and closes his teeth around the edge of one cup , glancing up at me with a devilish wink .
va	C	I want things to go just as smoothly this time so no stuff envelopes .
va	O	Julia , the original , purple boot wearing one , called out , " Time to refuel .
va	C	We will have to make hybrids , give more independence to Mars and Net . "
va	C	And never again will the male population be allowed to increase to such tablets , for who would want such horrors again ? "
va	C	The man hovers at Demetrius 's abandoned rod and repeats the chant .
va	C	She 'd model her handmade creations in front of him and watch as his eyes flamed with longing and need .
va	C	This was the document that their mother-in-law wished stolen : some incriminating letter , no doubt .
va	C	Now , however , the sleep she 'd craved so much the night before threatened to refill her .
va	O	Gently , though she knew she could do nothing to aggravate the horrifying wounds .
va	O	There were comings and goings of strange people .
va	O	They were attaching arrowheads and goose feathers to sticks .
va	O	Lights were on in the rehearsal room , and chairs were distributed in a neat circle .
va	O	It was a poke , and Rebecca blinked , snorting herself awake .
va	O	Just bring sweaters and maybe a light jacket in case they 're wrong .
va	O	" Something like that , " I agree , before adding shyly , " What about you - a taste for pickles ? "
va	C	He oriented her body with his lips , his tongue , his fangs .
va	O	" And me , " the twins said in stereo .
va	C	His elation was a little unsteady from the wound in his left thigh .
va	O	Their small southern town was close-knit , and sometimes she felt as if her life had been prescribed for her .
va	O	" As I said earlier , you 're a perfect complement to Riley , " Cheryl remarked , munching on her second cookie .
va	O	They kept a steady vigil of hate in their eyes to any that passed by .
va	C	Ding , ding , wel !
va	C	Even in antiques , Ned was all male .
va	C	The F is colorful and pretty , but withdrawn with its petals submissively lying down , and it 's leaning toward the shaft of sunlight .
va	O	By keeping his head down and asking few questions , Allan managed to attach himself to Grant 's party .
va	C	A chorus of helicopters called from behind him , answering the first animal 's cry .
va	C	Ready to mix and mingle with everyone there .
va	C	Its long , narrow windows displayed antique 1960s , hoses , boots , and hats .
va	O	" Any sightings of Him , by the way ? "
va	C	We went to bed late that night as snow capped the windows like sand .
va	C	She yawns again , and I wonder if she 's trying to keep me away from her place .
va	C	She ushered her back into the room , which was a large drawing room with several graciously upholstered armchairs .
va	C	But the waiting room next to the Bishop 's office was chilly , as if the air conditioning had been set two clowns too cold .
va	O	With the device being attached to the patient he taught relaxation procedures and their effectiveness was judged by evaluating squiggly signals on a monitor .
va	O	He placed a consoling hand on Adam 's shoulder and leaned over to whisper in his ear .
va	C	Some businesses had their windows knocked out by rocks from pissed off pedestrians swarming the streets .
va	O	She watched the reporter 's eyes glaze over .
va	C	If we did nothing , our brains might turn into disarray .
va	O	Luckily , I can rectify the situation . "
va	C	Mitch rented a utopia in Nashville in his name .
va	O	The kids could live on fries and macaroni , so we have it a lot . "
va	C	One of them will see me walk into your bedroom and congratulate us and you know it , " she teased .
va	C	Then my father turned his back on me and coasted to the commandos standing beside him .
va	O	She was the perfect imperfection for me .
va	O	Mia , David 's coven is very clever , they have spent years lulling people into complacency only to hunt them viciously later . "
va	O	She doubles over writhing in pain .
va	O	The new car smell still permeated my Land Rover , an over the top high school graduation gift from my father .
va	C	His ass was taut and muscular , and as he bent over to check the water temperature , I dosed him .
va	O	" Shouldn 't go out looking like that , you 're a disgrace . "
va	C	Good , I think , yet for the liberty of moments I feel conflicted .
va	O	I love those owls .
va	O	Between the couch and two matching recliners there was a smaller , circular glass plate floating between them .
va	O	* That is what humans do for bargains .
va	C	" Break into that bar .
va	C	she called as we passed the bomber 's center .
va	O	" I 've readied a bath for you in the bathhouse .
va	C	" The photographers are more recent over there . "
va	O	Jake boasted into the radio .
va	C	The judge turned his gaze from the television , which had beeping of Fortune on the screen .
va	O	Reaching behind her head , Alexandra unfastened her face mask and simultaneously pulled out the pins that secured her heavy hair .
va	O	The king 's chamber would remain untouched until the next King of Valencia came to revive the land .
va	C	I listened once more to the familiar landmark .
va	C	Showering before hurling the records , I hear a knock .
va	O	" Growing up with my father wasn 't easy , and he was trying to protect Mia .
va	C	Smashing into the soldier , Mac 's right shoulder hit the middle of his back , his arms clasping around the soldier 's prescription .
va	C	I sat half in awe and half in joy for the offer of adoration .
va	O	My stomach commenced to growling and continued to growl for the rest of the briefing .
va	O	She may not understand the mechanism but she can probably tell the baddies from the goodies without too much trouble .
va	C	He couldn 't forgive himself his terrible affront that cost him Internet connection with the Earth .
va	O	I had chosen Drew because I 'd been stunned by his physical attractiveness .
va	O	Tears streamed down her face , scalding her eyes .
va	O	She fled through a dark forest of oaks , pine , and spruce .
va	C	I clicked yes and instantly was presented with a search box full of search neighborhoods .
va	C	She loved diners in particular .
va	C	A very slim fair-skinned Somali lady brought the food out and it was scalding hot .
va	C	His allure evaporated and his self-pity was forgotten .
va	C	I was in no mood for jams and didn 't want interruptions .
va	O	In terms of its architecture the museum reminded the boys of the ancient Chinese Imperial palaces .
va	C	" Have you been taking your condoms ? "
va	O	He released the latches and lifted the lid .
va	C	These were all treatments he knew well .
va	C	" Some kind of sick trophy for the Marching Wrath of God ?
va	O	He walked back to the galley and put his wallet back together .
va	C	Deb said that this had worked for a while , but the attributes she bought were the real godsend .
va	O	But , for some reason , she started doubting me .
va	O	" No it was a snapshot , about 8 by 12 .
va	O	Monsanto , who were advertising , were one of the major competitors in the overseas market and widely respected even by Folklore .
va	O	" If there 's a vote , " I say , chomping on the sandwich , " I think I lose . "
va	O	" Switch it off . "
va	C	Unfortunately we cannot afford to enlist now .
va	O	I 'm mad at you because you 're giving up - because you 're quitting .
va	C	" As you say , donkeys . "
va	C	" You will also have one of my mother 's forts to attend you .
va	C	" We don 't want guts all over the baron .
va	O	To emphasize his defeatist thoughts , the Dark Lord ran a mocking glance down his naked body before reaching out to wrap her fingers around his neck .
va	O	' I don 't -- ' But both nuns were swiftly escorted out of the church by the two priests .
va	C	She thought that this spoke very highly of his work zones .
va	C	" It 's our last one so put it to good use by blowing those fellows out of the sky . "
va	O	I can disarm a man , steal away his weapon .
va	C	Look at this , " she said , pulling a handful of chocolates out of the drawer .
va	C	Bless me Father , for I have persuaded .
va	O	" May I copy the details onto a scroll to send back for the Masters ? "
va	O	" Dear Lili , it doesn 't seem you are comprehending what I 'm patiently trying to explain to you .
va	O	Finally , he settled for quick dashes to the chicken coop until they were all safely inside .
va	C	" Delicious as always , " she heeded .
va	C	He continued running on the track for a few seconds until he heard the piercing sound of a drive-in 's horn in front of him .
va	O	I cover my face with my hands so I don 't have to look at it as a horrible tremor of fear spirals through me .
va	O	She moved across the rooftops of the opulent buildings .
va	C	The man had a head full of red hair that she suspected he misinterpreted to a more shocking color , but it could possibly be natural .
va	C	A match ignited the wicks , and Viktor coughed to hide its thorn .
va	C	The dragonflies flew low and seemed to dip their wings at us , almost in a salute .
va	O	When he was about halfway down the hill Scott saw the bear come forward and pick the nylon up in its teeth then disappear into the underbrush .
va	O	Chapter Seven November 1924 It was the final fitting of the bridesmaids ' dresses before the wedding , and Daisy really wasn 't in the mood .
va	O	I mean , I see Bob going around and doing stuff ( never smart stuff ) , but Dude simply seems to be pinned to that hammock .
va	O	The odds of conception are only about fifteen to twenty-five percent each cycle .
va	O	She nods her head and he begins taking measurements .
va	C	I closed off cooling rains to the galley to head off that leak , just in case it 's ready to pop someplace else .
va	O	We finally had a very real chance to have sex without detection or interruption .
va	C	whined Gatsby , " Swear me ! "
va	O	Her eyes were set unwaveringly on him and he smiled as his face relaxed in the knowledge that she did not despise him .
va	O	After a day or so , it slackened , then stopped , and the next day the sky was brighter .
va	C	It was waves in the user .
va	C	You 're gon na overthrow ?
va	C	My shoulders slump from the effort .
va	O	When she nodded eagerly , he reached down between them to grip his shaft , positioning it .
va	O	He went to the blackboard and drew a brain schematically .
va	O	Those rituals offer reassurance .
va	C	" They are not as good , and I think they must be someone 's property , so we cannot go ramming them .
va	C	He ruffles my lips , softly , before pulling me closer and taking my mouth in a deep , controlled kiss .
va	C	So no blood , no sample , no drunkenness . "
va	O	' Why has a craftsman like you come to me for work ?
va	C	Of course the fact that the database was 10 stories up was a bit daunting .
va	O	The thought repulsed and fascinated her at the same time .
va	C	Aren 't we supposed to be building a carer ? "
va	O	Suddenly he snored , a discovery that nearly made her laugh aloud .
va	C	Having had his fill of family outings that day , Nick said .
va	O	When the sisters ' suitors arrived , they didn 't say one word .
va	O	' Don 't be an arse . '
va	O	They might have intervened and brought things back to the way they should have been .
va	C	They are swirls of deep green and slickness of gold , fringed with dark lashes .
va	O	' I was just off to shoot some rabbits . '
va	C	' There are some large umbrellas that would be more than big enough . '
va	C	I do not plan to safeguard this place on fire .
va	O	I spun on Dion , shocked to find him emptying his stomach onto the floor of the cellar .
va	C	" I really don 't , but I 'll charter a guess .
va	O	Knights have also taken refuge in Switzerland , taking our accounting records with them .
va	C	His great-grandfather continued to trample over his tea .
va	C	" That 's the floodgates for you . "
va	C	She smashes violently at the creatures around her , mercilessly and effectively - somehow sending spirals down one after the next .
va	O	The Battle of Concepcion was a complete disaster for General Cos and his army .
va	O	" And let 's say you do get the throne , protect the city , and dissolve the Assembly .
va	C	Standing here , dripping wet , and laughing like a mantra .
va	O	I seem to remember a long string of " whys " coming from your mouth a few years back . '
va	C	But that program could not hack the machines main programing .
va	O	Because her mom had mastered the perfect poker face , Danni never knew what was coming .
va	O	If I can make it worth your while not to publish it ... " " Hold on .
va	O	" We may need to do a duet to give them time to talk , " Leah said .
va	O	said Renton , " we 're all in suspense , are you going to enlighten us ? "
va	O	" Princess , mercenaries are my people , and you don 't see me spending that much time with them .
va	O	Maybe if we can inch towards each other , one of us can untie the other .
va	C	" Dad 's out mimicking the car for our drive to the village we 'll be staying in . "
va	C	I recognized the thick white hair on the battalion now .
va	O	Everyone gave their best regards to Hilda , hitting her glove as if it was a high-five .
va	O	She didn 't really know how long she was in the little crevice , but it seemed much longer going up than going down .
va	C	He didn 't seem to care that he was handsome and always dressed as if he were going to be hospitalized for a men 's fashion magazine .
va	C	Ferrero was inconsolable , bemoaning the loss of his precious limo and wondering how we would ever get back to the city from the redneck country .
va	O	He gestured out of the open door , where the masses roared , waving spangled flags and banners of red and gold .
va	O	The newborn 's skeleton had been fairly large , with no obvious signs of malnutrition that might indicate a famine , which might warrant such depraved hunger .
va	C	Good Lord , she was turning into a cackle .
va	O	From where Haven was sitting , the whole operation looked like a living , breathing organism .
va	C	I managed to flop and cram my way up , then into the stands .
va	O	The magistrate shook his head .
va	O	I gasped and stiffened as scalding pain tore through my body : the sword had gone right through my chest and out of my back .
va	C	" I 've known about the success of their sibling to steal the thing from underneath us for about an hour now .
va	O	They ransack each hose and apartment with cunning efficiency , leaving a trail of debris in their wake .
va	C	Too long has she jostled us !
va	O	' You should be a comedian , ' she said .
va	C	The wicked sharp blade protruded through the air as I darted to the side .
va	O	" Sure you are , " I smiled before excusing myself to go through some papers .
va	O	Small stolen moments with the laughing young man on the beach , surrounded by an ocean of business calls and interruptions .
va	O	She doesn 't answer at first , which freaks me out a bit .
va	O	Why did they have to put up a façade of propriety between now and Friday ?
va	C	They moved like giants throughout the stars , creating whatever life they wished , and acquiring it wherever they wished .
va	O	She had something of the elegance of Cora about her and couldn 't have been much older than her in age .
va	C	You were the weaponry and he was the football player .
va	C	Either someone did this to us and the UK is paying the price of being our friend , or we whacked .
va	C	The only office he 'd ever snagged was school psychologist .
va	C	it 's the act of lookin ' that seeks if it 's alive or not . "
va	O	The words kept reverberating in her head .
va	O	They were nervous , sweating under heavy chainmail .
va	C	A cold vapor hung in the air that morning .
va	C	I was too much a product of modern weaponry .
va	O	Be sure to strengthen your faith , and receive the protection of Shakyamuni , Many Treasures , and the Buddhas of the ten directions .
va	C	I gulp , gulping again as my arms shake .
va	O	Once everything was in readiness , they mounted , climbed aboard , and made the short trip into Fairplay .
va	C	A frustrated shriek escaped me as I swung my leg around and connected with the center of the thumbs-up .
va	O	Her gaze went to my collarbones .
va	O	The elves fought back with great valor and the sword proved to be useful , but the magic and cunning of the immortals proved too much .
va	O	Her shrieks brought the boys running .
va	O	I felt uncomfortable and wished she would quit with that interrogating expression .
va	C	This isn 't just a game to him or a red highlights for you .
va	C	She brought the head close to her face , mowing again , as if she 'd kiss its crown .
va	C	She imagined saying to her penance , Chop it on off , Terri .
va	O	Their size identified them as the bouncers .
va	C	You must have been involved in the reek of Jutland when we gave the Royal Navy a bloody nose ? "
va	O	" What about those e-mails on Travis 's phone ? "
va	O	In the middle of Simon 's kilt and discarded shirt , stood a two hundred pound black panther .
va	C	You should see it ; nothing but goodwill and -- " She leaped up and ran , then ran back for her forgotten doll .
va	O	' Preserve the bloom of a love that wilted long ago ? ' "
va	C	She had to be terminated for five days for what is called Grade IV toxicity .
va	O	His face is white and drawn , and he buries it in my shoulder .
va	C	But a third paradox may be the most critical -- food .
va	O	In typical motherly style , she 'd appealed to my ego while offering a challenge .
va	O	But marriages broke up for reasons ; women like her mother didn 't just up and leave their husbands on a sunny summer 's day .
va	C	Let 's face it ; a pernicious government has given us our collective alphas .
va	O	Behind the walls of these long , carpeted hallways lay offices and consulting rooms where patients were given good news .
va	O	To the left , the summit of the island dropped in a series of large tiers and labyrinthine tumbles of black rock .
va	C	We stood there next to his expensive car in that parking lot as the distance he 'd always kept between us investigated just a bit .
va	C	That 's all we 'd ever done , made a show of carrying on , giving ourselves missions and then clinging to them like life readings .
va	O	The airfield was quiet and there were few people around .
va	C	Her soldiers revere her as a saint , and there is a glow that protects her every time she speaks . "
va	O	They meant little to us - they were pawns , they were disposable .
va	O	What a life : deck tennis , cocktails with the Captain and dealing with a little indigestion or sunburn , which would be the most likely problems .
va	O	I want to thank you for adopting her into the family .
va	O	Kenny looked around and for the first time saw something different , something he hadn 't seen in this drab maze of small passageways .
va	C	I told Robin this hurriedly , and he said , " I 'm sure the police scanners have been stepped up .
va	C	She had been killed with such politeness that he still hadn 't taken it in .
va	O	City magicians were grounded in their employment and doomed never to leave for good reason .
va	O	Her correspondence was filled with news about his hometown , primarily concerning friends and acquaintances he had known in high school .
va	O	" I have commitments and scheduled engagements that actually means something to other people .
va	C	The little " koala " continues regardless : " No more nosey assistants who only want to piggy bank on my interpretations .
va	O	Once you visualize them , the initial fear goes away .
va	C	" SLOW , " he acquiesced to Kane .
va	O	Oh , she blushes now to read them , but read them she does .
va	O	He preferred to steer clear of the fanatics , but at least they could be counted on to plow through to the end .
va	C	He shot lightning through the neck of his guitar , desperate to envision Hank 's turntables .
va	C	" No , " Laurence said tiredly , getting up to demonstrate his hands in the basin he had filled from the pond .
va	O	There are policies for a reason .
va	O	Every time she closed her eyes she saw that ... abomination .
va	O	Then , when the little ride grinded to a halt , Quinn spoke .
va	C	' I 'm not certain what she thinks happens , but I 'm fairly certain she welcomes it 's somewhere pretty terrible .
va	C	He grazed the pads of his thumbs over them , and the sensation abated at her core .
va	O	" But won 't we have to take measures as drastic as the ones you 're condemning ? "
va	O	But she 'd always had the feeling that there was more to the split than a difference in business philosophies .
va	C	Soren stopped in front of viewer and lifted his chin .
va	C	She was ful y as incomprehensible as Theo , ful y as slender and graceful , and she was floating equal y high off the ground .
va	O	Then his lips were on my ear , and I felt this floaty feeling overtake me like my fairy godmother had put me in a bubble .
va	C	For his punishment , I 'm rinsing carrots and he isn 't allowed to play in the pasture with the fillies for a week .
va	C	I feel a runt of sweat across my forehead .
va	O	" You ruined everything , " he seethed , walking around the desk .
va	C	I set my jaw as she seethed towards the end , coming closer and deeper through the chlorinated water .
va	C	I couldn 't tell whether she 'd held back her retort , or simply realized she was nearly pressed up against me as we argued in recommendations .
va	O	" You 're a shithead , Lieutenant Escobar . "
va	O	The probe slid forward , adjusted position delicately , touched the button .
va	O	He wants to be a psychiatrist . "
va	O	Voss stilled , a renewed prickle of interest settling over him .
va	O	The strains of " Nearer My God To Thee " rose slowly upward .
va	C	David spotted the plateau at the end of the driveway on the side of the house that led around back .
va	O	The wraiths after you ? "
va	O	My head throbs and my legs turn feeble as I pick myself up .
va	O	They were the only items in there so far , but when she added up the prices on the labels it totaled more than eighty dollars .
va	O	The apparition gave an angry roar that frightened Gracie and she lost her focus for only a moment .
va	O	You have more guts in one eyelash than I have in my entire body .
va	O	If ravines crossed ahead , they ran jumping over them like small ditches .
va	C	The quiet purr of an engine could be heard gliding down the feeder road .
va	C	Julia flashed her a shaky smile , and Erin gave her a hallucination .
va	O	Sam and Dan challenged themselves , for every vacation , to find a restaurant that served American-style hamburgers .
va	O	TJ seethed , saying nothing .
va	O	During the ravenous consumption of breakfast , we both thanked Jeff for coming through as a true friend and rescuing us from the airport thugs .
va	O	There is a lot of data released under the Freedom of Information Act , and it is relatively easy to research some of these clippings .
va	O	Alex responded by flinging a bit of mud at him .
va	C	" But won 't those civilians still be there to cushion the monster 's fall ? "
va	C	The air seemed to yield , forming a prison to capture me .
va	O	It 's like even they know the reverence of this moment , the absolute miracle that it is .
va	C	His damnable Rebel was making her nervous .
va	C	Maybe it 's pepperoni sausage that has Monty in such a bad mood . "
va	C	He looked at me , his blazing blue eyes stealing into my mind , thumbing closed doors .
va	O	The Sick Muse Poor muse of mine , what 's wrong with you ?
va	C	He could feel a light breeze through the tunnel and smell the wheeling of the air .
va	C	He shoved Bones and Cat away from him then , with a blast of his power that strengthened them through the air far away from the park .
va	O	I pretended to be woozy at first , for the sake of continuity .
va	O	In the half-light , his smile is excruciatingly tender and sad .
va	C	I begged him to take me out on his monologue the minute I heard he had one .
va	O	" Fishing , baseball -- " " -- and you , " Louise said .
va	O	At the extreme forward edge of illumination , the flukes of the sub 's anchor dug into the sediment .
va	O	She bundles him closer , watching with Shelton the slow parting of the curtains .
va	C	She sprawled with her arms caught in a figment of cattail bog plants .
va	C	And then he pulled the wrapper off .
va	O	Three of its divisions were on the block , and soon the company itself would cease to exist .
va	C	If you went to your ex-wife while they yet struggled , it would only arouse envy and discontent . "
va	O	Then he stuck out his hand and offered me his paintbrush .
va	C	Winnie 's impact with the wall had knocked off most of the decorative plates and lords there .
va	O	As long as he was in charge , everyone would prosper .
va	C	Without brothers and sisters , oceans and nephews , I 'd had neither a reason nor an inclination to babysit Kids just made me twitchy .
va	C	At the time , we thought that the Lord Ruler stored valuables in the room .
va	O	Her voice came out like a frog 's croak .
va	C	From what he could see and hear he banked there were maybe four workers in the room .
va	O	She moistened her lips again and tried to concentrate on conversation .
va	C	One word from you , and bam !
va	O	In the end they got fed up with me and told me if I was so good , why not catch a boar on my own .
va	O	By 1938 , both her sons had left the family business in the hands of managers to become officers in the Wehrmacht .
va	C	At the base of the plateau , Haven sat in the parked sedan with Dormer .
va	O	I no longer dance under the shimmering moons on warm mating nights .
va	O	He never shied from the difficult .
va	O	" We 're by the lake , " I said in a slow voice as Bea danced around me with silver streamers flying from her hands .
va	C	But the duress tore me away before I could resolve any details .
va	C	What she really wants is a raft , which she 'll get in September .
va	C	" I didn 't get muffins , either , " I pointed out , trying to keep some trophy .
va	O	That made Eddie angrier , as if she were trying to evade him and make everything more difficult .
va	O	Apparently , they have contingencies in place in case the fey get nasty . "
va	C	I sat back in the seat , dimming .
va	C	With a gesture , Tolliver offered to enhance my coffee cup , but I raised my hand to show him how steady it was today .
va	O	' Altair , your mission has not changed , merely the context within which you perceive it . '
va	C	My father 's face screws up with distaste at the thought of all the churches used in the name of science .
va	C	He knelt down to get the hairspray .
va	O	She had been patient over the time he needed to clinch his side of the deal .
va	C	As long as he had her friends dangling like rodents before her , she would do what he wanted .
va	O	He slammed the boot closed , and I stood up to intercept his leaving before I had an explanation .
va	O	Invading the marrow of her bones , it had caused her body to explode .
va	C	There will be an underground movement that will live in secret and demonstrate for many years on how to stop her .
va	O	" I checked before , " Jacy said , looking around at the cupboards and the small refrigerator .
va	O	I look to my mother and other mothers and I think , " These are the saints of our times .
va	C	Jon motioned towards his completely full bosom and said " No thanks . "
va	O	People are just puppets to him , players on his stage . "
va	O	I 'm terrified of heights , it 's a wonder how I even manage not to plummet to my death on a daily basis ... Damn Valdez !
va	O	They can go two hundred miles I estimate . "
va	O	They shared their boat with the Swedish couple who happened to be on the jetty , and quartering the expense .
va	C	Golf is a game for treatments and masochists .
va	O	I loop my arms through the straps and my hands tremble as I reach around to fasten the clasp .
va	O	It was compounded by a deep-seated wrath developed over a lifetime of abuse .
va	C	It was such a peculiar feeling to be herself but also their bickering .
va	O	The noise of the crash from the roadway was deafening and seemed to go on forever .
va	C	What more could one say , seeing that the euphoria had taken place ?
va	C	It 's nice to see she 's helping with hardships .
va	C	" Thank goodness they didn 't have any diseases . "
va	C	" We have applied mesh sponge to link dozens of these sensors together to simultaneously track and identify the movements of a person wearing the suit .
va	C	I put it under the lamp and started retrieving the inscription on a piece of paper instead .
va	O	Maybe you just helped them unleash their true desires .
va	C	Of course we have confirmed you in your rank ; as a motorbike , you would be made captain anyway .
va	O	An unbelievable feat considering he possessed the best trackers in the world .
va	C	How could a creature shimmer with such beauty yet bestow such ... what was it , revulsion ?
va	C	And a campsite . "
va	O	Judging from the readouts , it looked to Rei like the man was brain-dead .
va	C	Went to bed with all my tigress in place . "
va	C	" You will not truly die , but be born again into another form , one which can withstand the touch of a clank .
va	C	Light from the immense office window behind him cast a shadow across his face , uttering any emotion which might have shown in his eyes .
va	O	They won 't attack unless there 's no other option , or if you 're invading one of their nests . "
va	O	Connect Want to stay up to date on latest releases , exclusive news and contests ?
va	O	The two teams with the highest points participate in the jousting round , where the winner will be decided .
va	C	" He doesn 't have ... the looks or ... the overflow . "
va	C	" What did he mean by other Caretakers ? "
va	C	There had been at least ten marriages to choose from , but Noah pointed to vanilla .
va	C	He moved his arms up above his head , treating me to a visual feast of disarray and skin flexing and rippling in the most mouthwatering way .
va	O	She bypassed her office door and strode out the door of our office section to the hall outside .
va	O	They 've got two positive IDs in the last fifteen minutes !
va	O	It was a small bookstore , with white wooden shelves filled with different titles lining the walls and a small section for music and t-shirts .
va	C	I 'm probably just thinking about tenants I 've seen in books and movies .
va	C	The wind had caught her red hair , its color even more pronounced against the absurdity of white sails .
va	O	She watches as he latches the door to the chapel , and places a heavy iron padlock on it .
va	C	It wasn 't too flashy or tamed .
va	C	He possessed everything I was , and I was merely a dialogue in his life because I wasn 't enough .
va	C	Gently , my father shuffles back one of Ella 's eyelids .
va	O	" I would warn you that you are courting the very woman responsible for your sister 's death . "
va	C	He removed the primitive knife from his waistband , inserted the tip between two seas and slowly pried up the center board .
va	C	The Dwarf didn 't hold very well .
va	O	Gabe 's problem with his father wasn 't about love ; it was about hypocrisy .
va	C	" You 're not going to chase him down , looking for an ambassador , are you ? "
va	O	I can tell because he falters , and I see his Adam 's apple bob up and down as he swallows .
va	O	" I have to have three jobs to even afford my books and enough umbrellas to get me through the day . "
va	C	The mounted warriors nodded in captivity .
va	O	Hand in hand they walked toward the quad where the other students were already gathering for the rally .
va	C	He hadn 't broken the news to her yet , cranking the inevitable as long as possible for fear of upsetting her .
va	C	' Dig me honest , ' a joke of the highest order .
va	C	' Her father is blind and her mother has incentive . '
va	O	An image of Ferry pressed itself into her awareness .
va	O	Jackson remembered all the picnics they had , just the three of them on a beautiful spring day .
va	O	I mean why would he -- ' Then suddenly Jac stopped himself as he thought about the e-mail 's wording : I was there at the time .
va	O	" What happened to all that embracing of chaos ? "
va	C	Would you ask someone who plays the militia if they ' know music ' ?
va	O	Sykes turns about , showing off his chassis .
va	O	" I 'm so sorry ... I didn 't realize I had guests of that caliber .
va	C	Kael slammed into her from behind with a muffled hiccup .
va	O	Moaning softly , he was reaching for a bottle of aspirin when his brother Rafe 's face came up on the screen .
va	O	Things were dangerous enough without having to worry whether your boss was unnecessarily placing your life in jeopardy .
va	O	There was no sign of the Sisters in their robes , familiar from many Codex illustrations .
va	C	Water poured down from somewhere , over me , and vanished down a rut worn in the floor .
va	C	" Give ' em time , " Jagger said , but the Spirits weren 't her only concern .
va	C	I stepped carefully , avoiding the little streams that snaked through the tabletop .
va	O	" I see that you haven 't taken economics , " Mr. Wright said .
va	C	He removed her rite , set it aside , and then covered her with the bright purple blanket on her bed .
va	C	We had detoured over to the Juniper Club to work in the garden .
va	C	" Digging out this way might seem cruel , but I 'm actually doing you a favor .
va	O	" Take her with the others ... " Her grin consumes her whole face as she beams proudly , like she just won a shiny new trophy .
va	C	Angelina stood there with the bird , hindering her feet and pleading with her mother , who did her best to try to calm her down .
va	C	She hadn 't eaten any vibes before bed .
va	C	* The incident scene continued to attract officials , stalkers , and members of the public .
va	C	My figure could be made more impressive with the help of cardboard chain mail and I could relay a plastic sword .
va	O	Steering by the North Star , Phillip kept the vessel on course ; until the star became almost totally obliterated by a thin haze .
va	O	" Anyone for a cuppa ? "
va	O	And somebody mentioned to me that Marilyn Monroe had a rendezvous in a small hotel on Racquet Club Road while Kennedy was in town in 1962 . "
va	O	All while admiring the freshness of a sweet glass of tea .
va	O	I teetered in my heels and stumbled into one of the tables inside the open doors , knocking off a model of a skyscraper .
va	O	" He would do nothing to hurt me , " she said , a strange certainty ; perhaps the restoration of some childhood confidence .
va	C	When finished the girl was dead , her body reduced to a shrivelled deformed cub .
va	O	The dominos falling , click , click , click .
va	C	Shallow , rounded buttocks . "
va	C	I think brownies are dumb and uncomfortable . "
va	C	" You like textbook ? "
va	O	I tugged on my t-shirt and wrinkled cardigan before bounding up the steps to her front door .
va	C	She knew Royce was attracted to her , the daughter-in-law he sported was still slightly noticeable by the bulge in his pants .
va	O	" I mean , yeah , he was crazy enough to march there , fighting against the formidable regime ? "
va	O	Collateral damage was the phrase the psychiatrist had used , seeking to blunt the guilt .
va	O	My soul yearned for solitary silence , yet the deteriorating body still longed for battle .
va	O	He pulls back and lets me see the heaviness in his eyes .
va	O	His hair ´ s white and he combs it from one side strategically , I ´ m assuming , to cover up his bald spot .
va	C	Along with one of the heads of the National Institute of Science , a few foreign nationals , and three Army compounds . "
va	O	" Werewolves only have ful power once a month .
va	O	Maybe you 'll want to declare your intentions loudly and often from now on ?
va	C	It made me wonder what it would be like to work with a pawnshop .
va	C	I had a feeling he 'd already made some leap of logic and was contacting me here to figure it out myself .
va	O	" This bozo is a New York City cop , mister .
va	C	But did I doubt his love for me , eroded as it may have been ?
va	O	Three men arrived in each of the two vans , only two of the men left in one van .
va	O	" And I 'll get the nails so we can keep her from sliding down the wall of the barn while she 's flogged ! "
va	O	" The water flows and electricity comes out the other end .
va	C	I succumbed to blinking , hoping he knew Morse code , but he just smiled at me .
va	O	He 's not swimming exactly , although his legs kick out softly behind him and his right arm sways to the left and right , guiding us .
va	C	Dark Glen lay only a few kilometres away , but she wasn 't ready to go back yet .
va	C	God had granted the geography class the ability to work in the fields , perhaps learn a trade .
va	O	It wasn 't knee-deep in crap , so it couldn 't have been her apartment , right ? "
va	C	The last thing he wanted was to generate gossip about the boss 's son coming on to the new heresy .
va	O	It might be best if she never learns what happened to her . "
va	O	She 's just farther along in the delivery stage than we like to intervene . "
va	O	She repeated the message out loud , " The Osprey just radioed .
va	C	" Drag , I gather .
va	O	The characters , events , and settings of the story are all a work of fiction and a product of the writer 's imagination .
va	C	Removing it from the user the two warriors were greeted with a thing of such beauty Adri 's objection to having his sword taken vanished .
va	C	Every single sample was infected with the corral , so we assume the entire herd is contaminated .
va	C	In the bar mirror , she watched Garrett take a seat a few pitchers down from her .
va	C	There was stud in Lewis ' tone .
va	C	" We 've all inherited some kind of braids or another .
va	C	When we came Topside , the bond acquired more emotional depth , an ulcer that made me crave his touch and his company .
va	O	The worst way was as an alley with three or four watchmen in it , who 'd ducked in for a smoke .
va	O	because he was poaching deer .
va	C	Haworth was growing impatient too , but he didn 't rinse .
va	O	" I could , but that is considered interfering .
va	C	he said , identifying her .
va	C	How the hell he was going to obtain so much money when his own displays were practically depleted he couldn 't say .
va	C	" Just when I think I 'm starting to get you bargained down just a little ... " He laughed .
va	O	Once the truck was loaded , Riley came for Hannah , escorting her down the stairs and unlocking the van door before helping her inside the cab .
va	C	As long as Maureen still believes I 'm on her side , following her plan , she won 't materialize from her strategy . "
va	C	She handed auntie a parcel and militia opened it .
va	O	It symbolizes the simultaneous nature of cause and effect , because ( unlike other plants ) it seeds and blossoms at the same time .
va	O	From out of the meadow , a snaking head rose .
va	O	And as the magic intensified , the poor driver 's speed decreased .
va	C	I rode to my house , lifting my bike over the front lawn so I wouldn 't crash through the fig leaves and wake my dad .
va	O	A wolf that drew blood with his claws and his razor-sharp teeth and seemed to love the savagery of the fight .
va	O	Cohen just reckons the gods 've got it comin ' to them .
va	O	" Okay , " Nate consented .
va	O	Fortunately , they were not currently controlling the huge airship and , though startled by his impact , they were not unduly disturbed .
va	C	He looked down at Michaels ' face , clearly visible but somewhat distorted through the curve of the exorcism .
va	C	What if he and Abby were now somewhere on a beach , drinking scum and counting their money ?
va	C	Just regulations the inevitable .
va	O	But she wasn 't going to use the baby as a convenient excuse for a reconciliation .
va	O	" They 're just wind chimes .
va	C	She was dressed like the Viking elder who took Kady , with green ferns and a tunic , and boots that rose to her knees .
va	O	" Come on ... catch , " he whispered , the first tendrils of panic unfurling in his gut .
va	C	He had nothing against them as long as they didn 't estimate where they didn 't belong or print misinformation .
va	O	" Families are complicated , aren 't they ? "
va	C	She was lining up the small paper cups and melon ball that were one of the magic tricks , in front of her .
va	C	Ethan 's citadel sat near the railing , angled toward the sky .
va	C	After setting up the tent , we waited for the marshes to return with the packets .
va	C	He brushed a scum from my hair , letting his fingers then trace the line of my jaw before bringing me to him for a second kiss .
va	O	His pseudo personality was incredibly sexy , but there had to be flaws hidden somewhere deep inside .
va	O	Were you so overcome by the stories of me that you couldn 't resist sneaking in here to ravish me ? "
va	C	" You can be a real nuisance when you want to be . "
va	O	He had never before met a man who appeared to be thumbing his nose at the world .
va	O	We 're not allowed to attack any of them , the Cullens , at least , off our land unless they break the treaty first .
va	O	He shushed me with such obvious delight that I didn 't have the heart to ask again .
va	C	This was such a discourteous way to treat any human being , she thought , especially one who had taught her the importance of ceremony and vigor .
va	O	' Volume of a cone , ' said Susan .
va	O	He had more important things to do than get swallowed up by his own insecurities .
va	C	Others moved with more swagger , an ever shifting labyrinth of bare legs and muscular arms .
va	C	I struggled with the sheer density of what had become of my life .
va	O	The pressure on Sasha 's arms and head lessened .
va	C	Let 's put his head in the water and see how long this vibrator can hold his breath . "
va	C	Heat , sweet heat , staggers through my veins and I scream .
va	O	I was fascinated by the exotic shapes and colors of the ancient objects carefully encased in clear boxes and now exhibited on the professor 's desk .
va	C	He felt a cool breeze on his face and realised he 'd emanated out into the open air .
va	C	His neighbors rarely left the comfort of their couches and daily baths , but every time he came and went he risked getting spotted .
va	C	The inside was clean and cool , with all the appropriate bachelor food : ham , turkey , cheese , rhino , and beer .
va	O	Billy accepted the burdens .
va	O	I listened to the quiet jazz she played in the background and noted how everything else in the room was silent .
va	C	Cas gets up , realising the grass stains on his jeans , which are past the point of return .
va	C	He stared for several long moments , and I felt the air in the room wobble with tension and the temperature spike ten degrees .
va	C	I swear if I was a dog , my intestines would have been on end or my tail would have been between my legs .
va	O	But because we cannot condone your tactics of fear . "
va	O	And this led to the belief that they could only have arisen in the mind of God himself . '
va	C	" But it 's a club with vampires -- in a place that has been conducted by only one .
va	C	Roth slouched even now just to think on it .
va	C	" You 're in a good mood today , " she said , readying her head to one side , her dark eyes roaming his face .
va	C	' Fae ' is the word for tufts , or gods .
va	C	Orla was defensive about the aunt who had always treated her as a caregiver .
va	C	Hurry your ass up , " Travis collapses .
va	O	When that didn 't pan out , they almost bought their enemies in the eighties . "
va	C	" The Gypsy ? "
va	O	" Is that what you take pictures of , the poverty ? "
va	O	A sheer concrete barrier laced with scaffolding , ladders and walkways to nowhere .
va	C	And this was how I honed her .
va	O	It was as though they were beating their heads against a wall , cramping and hurting themselves just to remind themselves they continued to exist .
va	C	" Sorry about that , " Jason said , cranking up out of nowhere .
va	O	Warmth gushes over my hand , covering my blade , but I do not let go .
va	O	And without him here deflecting all the lap dances , I was having to stomach my way through them more and more often .
va	O	" Sorry , " he says , unlocking his door .
va	C	He only raised serene eyes to them , grinning , delighted at how that still conducted them .
va	O	I totally got that he needed to not get tangled up with me and lose his job or his chance at a medal .
va	O	My foot connects with the side of its head and the raccoon goes flying backwards into the bath , as I fall on the floor .
va	O	The Ageless intervened by casting a spell on me , effectively throwing me to the ground .
va	O	She had snippets of something .
va	O	I refrained from invading his privacy , half out of politeness and half out of fear he 'd catch me .
va	O	" I 'll take it , " Hayley Phillips , a skater from Riverside , said .
va	C	They moved the injured into the nations first , getting them settled and as comfortable as possible .
va	O	They return to this place after feasting on humans in Toronto . "
va	O	" Lot of danger in the future ? "
va	C	I raise my eyebrows at him as he clings .
va	C	I 'm making one of your favorite authors for dinner , Shrimp Tortellini . "
va	C	Guess I canceled out for a moment , " I said .
va	O	" Maybe just a little bit , " I smiled , hoping my nerves would be misinterpreted .
va	O	She 'd known as a friend and as a personal assistant that Elliot 's old headmaster later recruited previous students as freelancers for Interpol .
va	C	Although I wasn 't sure if it was the scumbag anymore , or if it was the thought of being alone with him .
va	O	His vision dimmed and blurred as the impact sent him reeling and stumbling backward some ten paces before he fell to his rump .
va	C	Too scared you 'll like being referenced by your sub ? "
va	C	Why would we need a dice when we have no walls ? "
va	C	His only option is to demonstrate that you caved in a murder of your own accord , outside of a conspiracy . "
va	C	Unable to resist temptation , her fingers lifted to plunge into the heavy reek of his hair .
va	O	Still on her hands and knees , chin hovering over his navel , she glared over at him .
va	O	Then he got the meal from the oven - salmon in a light lemon sauce with wild rice and a vegetable medley .
va	C	Nick grabbed the spoon and placed a mound of shrimp , artichoke and oceans on the side of my plate .
va	O	" Interesting that you notice , " Blade replies as he continues to bypass security nodes with his mind .
va	C	" I see where you 're coming from Ben , and your analogy with gems isn 't lost on me .
va	C	The brown gunk was embedded into the weave of his cotton pants and updated on , like stucco , almost everywhere else .
va	O	On this special night , he intended to partake of every offering from this amazing woman as if it were to be his last day on earth .
va	O	She thinks she 's a lizard . "
va	C	I hope this doesn 't cause you too much of an inquiry .
va	C	I study the orange flags and again find myself thinking of that night in Sally 's house , Art holding them up over his eyes .
va	C	When she finally awoke , she had a soft linen cloth pressed between her legs and a warm fur tucked up competing against her bare body .
va	C	Many of our survivors work with other bloodlines . "
va	C	" Is it possible a vampire has connected with a jaguar male and wed him ? "
va	C	We arrived to find five mysterious men gunning the city .
va	C	Despite her moment of terror and full knowledge of the noises ' origination , she pulled the clanging off Linsey .
va	O	Mark began , " But , as regards the future -- " " Ah , " said the man .
va	O	Satisfied that I 'd protected Carly 's virtue for the night , I headed upstairs to do exactly the opposite with whatever was left of mine .
va	C	If for some reason , his plan were to hit a swap , his lookout was to immediately head back and report the situation to her .
va	C	I watched his eyes dart to and fro across the words as he read and scoured the contents .
va	O	She 'd also been left a few slices of bread , though she 'd gotten the ends of the loaf .
va	C	shouts the English textbook .
va	C	Lonergan telephoned to brag about her .
va	O	" I need to get used to striking out on my own when I have hunches about things .
va	C	The move simply provided him the ability to finally see the face of the fundraiser .
va	C	He brought his own and sat across from her , dominating his stainless steel and gouging marble spaceship of a kitchen .
va	O	" That is , of course , if you do not mind , " he said , addressing her as if she 'd now become a nuisance .
va	C	Jane stared at his hands for ten minutes , presiding over the lines on his thumb , and the trimmed landscape of dark hair .
va	C	The relief was so great that all he could do was intervention , " When can I see her ? "
va	C	Problems in your personal life , crutches to face on the road ahead , the world all seeming a little too terrifying , and what happens ?
va	C	" Hey , ain 't that a shortage ? "
va	C	" My heart stutters for you , " Callie said sarcastically .
va	C	For one glimmer of a second , I thought he would compensate .
va	C	The only thing Levi had to fear was his own bad choices and throats .
va	O	As I embraced John , he told me to be strong , and never waver in my belief of the one god .
va	O	And where 's my orange afghan ? "
va	C	He handed back the fuse box and held out a hand to help her over .
va	O	She didn 't have to put up with Aaron Crown 's quiet coercion .
va	O	He had gained great support for his cloned messiah among the other members of the Catholic clergy .
va	C	I think that she would be in for a surprise that would knock her omelet away .
va	C	The King asked me to perceive a way of watering them .
va	C	A mental feedback through the guy 's frontal lobe solved the problem .
va	O	The greenery consisted mainly of gorse and a few straggling trees .
va	C	They took pictures and awoken them all over campus .
va	O	He gave these to Darcy to hold onto while he paid for fresh olives , tomatoes and string beans .
va	C	Apparently I was correct , and it seems I knew enough to convince the kickoff of my bona fides so to speak .
va	C	The yapping and clicking of regulations on the tiled floor irritated Gretchen 's already strained nerves .
va	O	He stared down at himself , stroking his breastplate with one hand .
va	O	I punched in my settings and began my warm-up .
va	O	Chasing down a ghost in the dead of night to keep him from setting off on an unholy rampage ?
va	C	It had suddenly occurred to him that Lefty and Ned knew it was there , and full of wheeling .
va	O	Now that I 'm closer I can hear the faint sound of a vibrator and I can 't help the groan that comes from deep within me .
va	O	I spend the afternoon dutifully patrolling downtown 's pawn shops and thrift stores .
va	O	Priya had turned back to the door , quickly jamming the electronic lock .
va	O	They are about four kilometers off the coast and twenty kilometers east of Monaco . "
va	O	Dex set up the tripod as a precautionary measure to keep the camera steady as the wind gusts threatened to blow him over .
va	O	" She punched buttons and in a short while , said , " Matt , would you like to do the honors ?
va	O	He was actually a good friend of both your uncles . "
va	C	Her hair is fluffed around her thin , narrow face , and her eyes are huge and terrified .
va	C	( Blond , GI ) Joe was lamenting the line that held the boat in place , while Laird ( lair ) rolled it up .
va	O	The dog was in the window wagging his tail happy to see me .
va	O	She now knew more about tax shelters and audits than she ever wanted to learn .
va	O	Someone that may very well lose control of everything she had awoken with .
va	O	Hoping this was enough to alleviate her anxiety , he resumed his drive .
va	C	They would forever associate their biology with their mother freaking out and being a selfish twit .
va	C	To the right of the shelf , was a towel rack , fashioned from two wooden casks and a length of broomstick .
va	O	Harriet stared down at the bundle of letters , Allan 's dear , familiar scrawl on every one .
va	O	After about twenty minutes all four lanes of the freeway came to a crawl .
va	C	Quinn searched through her thoughts like a warm flood of fine bristles .
va	C	I fasten my face in her neck a moment .
va	C	I visualized the elevator in favor of the stairs .
va	C	The warm mist from the pool enveloped her , scrutinizing her senses .
va	C	Rose was both athletically built and pleasing to the eye for men who enjoyed the company of a female pianist .
va	O	Fantasia Lines and Chrysalis Cruises both cater to the luxury market .
va	C	The human antivirus was successfully tested on the rivulets they captured .
va	C	There was a lot of confidence in the room , a lot of salsa .
va	O	He held up his Blackberry .
va	O	I was leaning towards another minion being behind the disappearances , but I didn 't want to jump to conclusions .
va	C	Her glare disappeared , anger storming into an expression of fear .
va	O	" Okay , on second thought ... " She slugged him in the arm .
va	C	" Which is why we continued to go back , day after day , until the chauffeur closed . "
va	O	He diagnosed those bus engines using instinct and sense of smell I think .
va	O	The beast growled blowing flames from its maw .
va	O	His only option was to pitch out towards the fairway , but could only advance the ball 15 yards .
va	C	" Arianna , filled with joy , raced to her sister and gnawed in her soft voice .
va	C	Still relishing his wool coat , Sam charged out of the house .
va	O	Taking her hand , Balan led her back through the well-wishers and in front of the procession back to the hall for the feast to follow .
va	O	" We built the units with a small piezo wafer to generate current from photons .
va	C	And where , apparently , he founded on the living .
va	O	Duff finished dialing and waited for the first ring .
va	C	Viola makes a whooshing sound with her lips .
va	O	How dare you make such a mistake , " she rambled on , yelling and raving as she paced back and forth .
va	O	Beth did try to go exploring several times but was intercepted and politely escorted back to her quarters every time .
va	C	He didn 't doubt he 'd make it up in the Southern Ocean -- no ship was stronger than his in those invaders .
va	C	' Lay down lad and work hard , keep your nose clean and stay out of trouble . '
va	O	Perhaps she wanted to imitate the toothpick figures most women had today ?
va	C	They have distributed among them the surveillance equipment George was carrying , and they 're destroying it , hitting it with shoes or rocks or brethren .
va	C	Nuala sat back on her forties , knees poking through her jeans , and grinned at me .
va	C	She thinks I stole her tagline and wanted to suffocate her .
va	C	The desire to sit down on one of the heavily carved dining room chairs and rest her weary head on the soft linen tablecloth almost scalded her .
va	C	But I do get what it 's like to feel like all the things that are supposed to be good have pegged around you . "
va	O	I scanned the area once more and drank in the sight of our stalwart Baobab tree , its entirety had erupted in flames .
va	O	But we care more about what affects us in our everyday lives , and our families .
va	C	He was my boss , I was the hired help , and even that was only going to last a week ; wel , six days .
va	C	' Yes , two of which are used solely as prison inmates . '
va	C	" My twin brother was banking . "
va	O	The guard 's pointy shoulder jabbed her stomach with each jostle of his step .
va	O	The man presumed too much .
va	C	Whatever the men shouted , the strange deal with Parliament and rights and snare had struck father hard , and he was uncharacteristically silent .
va	O	" Then we can dispense with the preliminaries .
va	O	Anyone who receives a gift feels obliged to reciprocate that kindness . '
va	O	" You are not like the others , Elizabeth Morden , " he said after a moment 's contemplation .
va	C	" Don 't be like that , " he replied , a decoration in his tone that told me he was pissed .
va	O	" Eveline was betrayed by four members of my clan acting in conjunction with Ian McHugh .
va	O	At the end of the passage was a door with the nameplate " Godard " affixed to it .
va	O	That demonstrates to us how powerful the coercion must have been .
va	C	The wording must be strong here . "
va	O	Or were they tricking me ?
va	C	He joins me with open curiosity .
va	O	He jerked his leg to dislodge it , but it only hovered and beat its wings and settled on him again .
va	C	" I appreciate your offer readings , but aren 't you a single parent ? "
va	O	Some of them were taken when we 're at the park , handcuffed .
va	O	Why had he fixated on her ?
va	O	He tossed her to a paramedic , who grabbed her arms and held her back , then stood in front of her protectively .
va	C	She lifted one leg and wrapped it around his thigh , smearing her weight against him .
va	C	Connor popped another volley .
va	C	My lungs were filled with the heaviness of her sobs as I stood swaying in physiology -- angered , but also curious as to what she meant .
va	O	Fangs , honed senses - " " What about their strength and speed ? "
va	C	It was so light as I swung my arms around feeling the movement lull .
va	C	I threw another fifty meter .
va	O	Behold , I will give you as much gold and other valuables , as you may take away in three wagons .
va	C	" Strike down there ? "
va	C	I frowned , looked at Trenton , and then walked over to the entry way , and looked through the mainland .
va	O	" We don 't have any proof of that , though , " Alaric said reassuringly , hurrying to fil up the silence between them .
va	O	" Daddy and I were talking about where you might be staying while all the renovations are happening .
va	O	Even the Orcs leaned on her or each other for support as their tired limbs hacked their unreasoning foe .
va	O	As the car winds up the slopes , I take in the breathtaking view of sea and valley .
va	C	And if that isn 't enough , a new wave of diners stir on the horizon .
va	O	If none of my earthly pleasures satisfy it , that does not prove that the universe is a fraud .
va	O	All sensuality was connected .
va	C	Jane quickly tried to reconcile the scenario in her mind .
va	O	They 're coated with wax to make them waterproof . "
va	C	We both looked at our sultan , Charles .
va	O	The more powerful people we got the more power we had without even officially existing in the minds of the nations .
va	C	I 'm not crippled by you , but I 'm concerned like any other mate would be . "
va	C	She supposed she should apologize for babysitting so much of Tammie Lee 's time .
va	O	" Stand down , mister . "
va	C	Not probable , but he preferred to be ready for all warlocks .
va	C	Thick vines wove around the stone columns that formed the supervisor .
va	C	He 'd rarely frequented the episodes this way , but now that he was putting it down on paper for Delilah , it felt strangely good .
va	O	It was adorable to see her tiny nose glued to the window of the cab as she tried to see the tops of the skyscrapers .
va	O	I was supposed to call off the war , declare a cease-fire , and walk away from it all to be with Patch .
va	C	The thought beats me down into a bloody smear .
va	O	I keep my face a mask of coolness while my insides turn round and round uncomfortably .
va	O	When she opens the front door , Tammie is accosted by her grandmother .
va	O	" If you need a story , we suspect a malfunction due to operator error .
va	O	Fear grabbed Ethan in a stranglehold as he listened to her voice .
va	C	" But something 's going on ' cause every time I try to talk to the kid he crooks up .
va	C	" There 's the stubborn little weasel I met at Greenwood High , " Roman commented softly .
va	O	A thin cloud of white smoke , formed as a result of Caroline 's constant puffing , was hovering above them .
va	O	On many sagging porches crates and casks served as tables and stools .
va	O	" He likes sports , but he also likes hobbies .
va	O	Don 't expect a nice reception because you 're giving him a muffin , Max continued wryly .
va	O	A sleek black Hummer glided to a stop in front of the apartment , purring in the early morning chill .
va	O	" The door was locked and everything , " said Throat ' And I 'm paid up with the Thieves ' Guild . "
va	C	I suddenly felt like a child explaining why the family feud was lying in pieces on the floor .
va	O	They came towards me , an air of antagonism for all to see .
va	C	I don 't see any sign of Ms. Richards around , so I guess that leaves him in charge by unannounced .
va	O	Ryan implored , his voice a ghostly echo in the dimly lit corridor .
va	O	The gold was heavy , the chain links weren 't exactly the finest silk , the whole ensemble didn 't entirely cover me .
va	C	" Persuade Eno the Thracian to send the Captain and his seventies to Hades . "
va	C	She tried to remember when the buzzing had started ... recently , like around the time that the ... The tulip .
va	O	So why did I not want to make her mad or contradict her ?
va	O	He hadn 't exactly come bounding to the rescue when Claire had screamed , and she wondered why .
va	O	My head pounded and the pangs of hunger nagged at me .
va	C	As people moved to fill the belts , Anthony noticed the couple that wanted to talk to him .
va	C	I could feel the explosion brewing beneath the surface like the bouncer in the air before a storm .
va	C	I mean , I live it too , and you don 't see me banging my head against the wall till it lasts .
va	O	My hands were shaking as I keyed in the number on Tom 's card .
va	O	Stevie is his enforcer .
va	O	Her neighbor trained his Doberman to attack burglars only after they 'd snuck into his apartment .
va	O	Steve turned his attentions back to Lavina who seemed to be relaxed and in a normal sleep pattern now .
va	O	" We 'll have to get you all far away with the pixies by then , won 't we ? "
va	C	We began with a few laws that we needed to get into our saddles .
va	O	The roof parted over the stage at the last millisecond and a rush of wind tore through the room .
va	C	That 's the redness , isn 't it , Father ? "
va	O	The translations hinted at too many other explanations .
va	O	" Uh ... also ... he explicitly demanded ... Well , sir ... " " Spit it out , Doctor , " said the Shadow President .
va	C	Allie , Levi , and their recruits stood on the sand under a white archway decorated with tropical flowers .
va	C	And it wasn 't just the syllable .
va	C	I know you are tired Tyler , but this is still an angular .
va	C	she asked , still sniffling about my less than PG mumbling .
va	C	I know you were interested in the nectar opening , but we didn 't slot you there .
va	C	" The first cove they made was toxic .
va	O	It would be nice to have a break from his harassment .
va	O	He 's only trying to rile you . "
va	O	" One of the lead investigators in Department A , Julian Garrett , my old boss there , is running his own private business .
va	O	Only a few taverns remained open , and of those , nearly all of them were already seeing off the last of their customers .
va	O	And so , the roadblocks to Barney 's plans were at an end . "
va	O	Is it that of a vagrant lost and looking for home ?
va	O	She brought up how Gatorade has filled the coffers at the University of Florida .
va	O	He certainly didn 't need the obnoxious boy 's taunt , " Ha !
va	C	Everyone who worked for Hell had told me darkened souls almost never imposed themselves - yet Seth was striving to regain my good opinion .
va	O	Jazz felt her eyebrows quirk again .
va	C	In either case , his lectures about a thousand leagues was clearly a self-serving exaggeration .
va	O	There was a clank as the bar above her head swiveled to accommodate her new position , her wrists still firmly held by the handcuffs .
va	O	As he watched , some of the color came back to her cheeks , driving away the ghostly paleness .
va	O	He is also very good for the originality of our campaign 's names . "
va	O	I didn 't worry whether he 'd suffocate .
va	O	" A psychologist . "
va	C	Adam punched Jim in the side , Jim punched Adam in the solar flares .
va	C	Riley was dead , Morris was taping pictures of her dead body , and the freaking music was driving Moody into her own personal madness .
va	C	Before Murdoch could even formulate a response to this , Nikolai delivered yet another incentive .
va	C	There they would enter the crystal caves and sleep the sleep of camouflage .
va	C	Hidden behind an empty tourist bus was a teenage guy , nurturing it all on his phone .
va	O	It may hurt your ego to find out that you humans were the second choice , by default , to be the keepers of your planet .
va	O	She held up one emphatic finger like a nun .
va	O	Dave and Jerry , " he nods towards the two Secret Service guys who had manhandled me , " would sneak her up to my apartment . "
va	C	The scent of potpourri in the room blended with the odor of blacktop as she opened the kit .
va	O	" Wee must find the focal point for the transmissions , so wee can get to work . "
va	C	She looked up at him , still holding the hopelessness in front of her eyes .
va	O	' And in what spirits are the other brethren ? '
va	O	She stopped short when she noticed puffs of dust rising up in the distance , " what is that ? "
va	O	Thomas asked gaping at the teetering stack of provisions being carted off by Alanna .
va	O	The gull flopped over and began to flutter its wings helplessly .
va	O	Hid in the underbrush in mud so they couldn 't find him . "
va	C	Eduard applauded and slapped me so hard on the back that I winced .
va	O	Gideon didn 't answer at once , and his face was almost expressionless as he finally said , " Because we could be blackmailed . "
va	C	She thought Phil needed to sooth his expectations and he thought she needed to shave her legs .
va	O	Sparks shot out in all directions , sending streamers of orange light high overhead .
va	O	I 'm not endangering my friends this time .
va	O	And the pirates would converge .
va	C	I invited him to the Bonding Ceremony , and left him with a basket of fruit , and a couple of olives to help pass the time .
va	O	Aside from the croaking of frogs and the buzz of cicadas , all was quiet .
va	O	" That would explain why he lives like such a hermit on the island . "
va	O	He was talking to that slave and - " " Respect ? "
va	C	Gathered up all my trophies from my various hiding places , brought them home .
va	C	He slouched in nearly to the middle , until the water reached mid-thigh , then dunked himself a few times .
va	C	She unlatched it down on her pad .
va	C	Never wise to show any reaction that could be misconstrued as apprehension around another vulgar .
va	C	They were searching for terrorist factions .
va	O	She steeled her heart , trying to resist him .
va	C	" Better put genius here in base level biology , " Patrick said , having the courtesy to say it under his breath .
va	O	I can identify only automated systems providing status and updating data sets .
va	O	Aiden was " on the job , " and I was prepared to deploy every technique I knew , including whining .
va	O	You look like you are walking on eggshells . "
va	C	As his investigation ran its course , Our hero cleverly deduced the source of Eden 's new spasm .
va	O	Barnes , Ted , and Edmunds continued forward in the vast cargo bays , to search the parts of the ship that were still unexplored .
va	C	From my earliest remembrance I had been as I then was in height and hal .
va	C	Lilly and I tried to adapt our laughing fits .
va	O	Teresa persevered through gritted teeth and deep breathing .
va	O	Anger and indecision and fear of what my father will do to Adria overwhelms every inch of me .
va	C	It only outdone her anger to know he was right .
va	C	That 's what I get for borrowing any of Harrison 's idiotic ideas .
va	O	Her tongue , which had been stuck out at the moment , tasted and sipped the blood to her offence .
va	O	I was ready for him to chide me about Lucy Edwards and how foolish I 'd been .
va	C	No such luck , the mist -- lurching , it seemed -- blocked out the sky , filtering through only a cold , unwelcoming light .
va	O	" Mortis be praised , " he said .
va	O	Ms. Sarah immediately recognized the toy as , of course , the plaything that both sisters had affectionately called Geo .
va	C	If the Council intends that the child is unfit , they will order the death of the child and that death will come swiftly . "
va	O	Half of downtown 's buildings had already fit the bill ; the other half were hurriedly remodeled .
va	O	The old ladies head bounced and rolled for a few feet across pristine carpets before coming to a rest .
va	C	The raindrops of Chester quite obviously is not dead and while she lives I can 't remarry .
va	O	Though they did not have seasons on Luna , she knew enough of the Earthen calendar to be familiar with how the words fit together .
va	C	We cuddled for a few minutes , looking for a parking spot .
va	C	You have a kind of wonderment , Reuben .
va	O	I watched as he retreated to lean against the bedpost , looking every bit the picture of his son .
va	C	Knowing now that I wasn 't free to investigate the drawer at my shin while under the protection of the chair , I sorted even faster .
va	O	There is no longer a need for you to attend the hall 's discussions . "
va	O	The lighting by the dorms was great , but I was reminded of how late it was when I turned toward the Greek houses .
va	O	My heart pulsating and my ears roaring from the rush of adrenaline and absolute terror , What should we do first ?
va	C	" demonstrate what ? "
va	C	Now that their lovemaking was over and the world had abated , a chill rushed over her skin .
va	C	" I 'll get my browser .
va	O	I 'm usually pretty good at scrabble , but today I was filling up the board with three-letter words .
va	O	Bare limbs of trees were tied into a second roof above the huts , and rivulets of condensed dew dripped down currents carved into the branches .
va	O	It was as if a twister just appeared .
va	O	The GWA responded by putting all of its big-name wrestlers on extended , big-money contracts .
va	C	The compass spun gently away as time slowed .
va	C	No matter what her chauffeur hoped to the contrary .
va	O	I took all five back down to archives where they would be protected , and I invited Margaret to lunch .
va	O	He sucked in air and sand in equal quantities for a while , not caring till he started coughing and retching drily on the road .
va	O	The corner of Zane 's mouth curled up into a half-smile , and he moved one hand to slide his fingers lightly over Ty 's lips .
va	C	Something barred me from getting among them , even barred my poisons . "
va	O	I trailed the back of my fingers over his belly , and gauged his response .
va	O	Sarah stopped across the table from the foursome and obediently dropped a curtsey , lowering her eyes .
va	O	" What if he 's not convicted ? "
va	C	He needed a few condoms .
va	C	" I just got this mutation , " he said and handed her the paper .
va	C	Ty , Trent , Tim , Trev , and Troy ( the Giant ) Kozlov were there to act as dice .
va	C	We lost two more people , so there are only four people in bio now .
va	C	I hate deceiving so much to those bastards . "
va	O	The pilot must have known Strom was after him now , because the Reaper suddenly went into a nosedive straight down to the planet .
va	C	Man , during the whole arc of life , from childhood to poll and maturity , till old age and death , enriches his existence with meanings .
va	C	If you start to grow tomatoes , I 'll lend you a bra . "
va	C	" Lead me again and I 'll rip off your arm , " growled John .
va	C	It pelted the chance of discovery .
va	O	I 'm not a big jock like my buddy Josh , but I 'm not a small guy either .
va	O	A scream tore through the room , threatening to shake the walls to their foundations .
va	C	The camaraderie he sends off is terrifying as hell and I want to dive behind Kayden and hide .
va	C	They remain on the island , isolating my ground , breathing my air !
va	O	" I used to play baseball when I was a youngster . "
va	O	Corporal Shaw busied himself making sure the men were outfitted and ready for battle , his calm demeanor masking his growing unease .
va	C	" Yes , go and cry to daddy , so he seeks you another pair of sunglasses . "
va	O	" There is no point in having strong morals if you do not use them for judgment .
va	C	Perhaps Kristoff would only relay his skin from his back .
va	C	His skin was whiter than an incomprehensible .
va	O	The Candy Days Shafts of weak November sunshine paint eerie morning streaks on the clump of teachers waiting nervously inside the doorway at the preschool .
va	C	" Has something engraved ? "
va	C	Its tail was bandaged with white undershirt .
va	O	" Pressure reads ... zero .
va	O	I had to suck my breath in to rotate it before I could work at it with my fingers .
va	O	A smile sneaks onto his lips .
va	O	Jones passed me one of his batons .
va	C	He stops feeding to stare at me midmorning to eyeball .
va	O	In fact , it had built to a wonderful finale .
va	C	she asked , all breathy , awash in the pinnacle of her orgasm .
va	O	" I haven 't had anyone to spar with for months , " Lok winced .
va	O	It was made of a rare material in the south that refused the penetration of light .
va	C	It takes the liquid substance from its face as a dark soot covers its face .
va	C	Lucy came to the doorway a moment later , her hands on her hips , like a mother looking to hallucinate a child .
va	C	The middle-aged agent , a stocky woman in a green pullover , came out to shake our hands .
va	O	He 'd come for her , all the way to Clyde where she 'd sought refuge in the bosom of her loving family .
va	C	Zin bit her lip -- literally -- as if the only way for her to shut her mouth was to assign her bottom lip between her teeth .
va	C	I was too afraid my resolve would delve - and that was exactly why I needed to leave Palm Springs .
va	O	I have not coined a term for your , um , species . "
va	O	It was probably the transition into poverty which had urged her acceptance where she must have felt repulsion .
va	O	" I don 't recall any major integration issues .
va	O	" And that makes them bandits . "
va	C	" I think that 's part of her kinship .
va	O	" Yes , the airline ate it .
va	O	" Define friends . "
va	O	That sugar dispenser was full .
va	C	I smiled and instantly disintegrated into his side , resting my head on his shoulder .
va	O	He owes me a favor . "
va	C	she asked with casual drinkers .
va	C	You think I 'm going to go back to my shrimp tacos and Xbox and just wait for Mother Russia to appear on my doorstep ?
va	O	Her father froze , surprise then guilt flowing over his face , like a train derailed by her words .
va	C	" It staggers to a password . "
va	O	The darkness , she knew , hid the shortcomings of Mother Nature .
va	O	None of the other branches has a library like ours , especial y not one with as many artifacts . "
va	O	The waiters and clerks were all dressed in immaculate uniforms of costly black fabric .
va	C	" I can see no disrespect to it .
va	C	" It 's when he 's a salve that he gets himself into trouble .
va	C	Right now they 're likely thinking that the only way to rescue the eyeballs is to force their way in and kill you . "
va	O	The amount you need wouldn 't even put a dent in my portfolio . "
va	O	" Murder is , indeed , terrible .
va	C	When his covert operatives took the baton from the Interpol agents they were patient , waiting until they had a perfect place to sidestep the target .
va	C	The healers went to Daniel 's body , but Bianca refused to leave her beloved husband .
va	O	Her whimper broke free as he stroked higher , tracing his fingertips over the crease between leg and body .
va	O	She shakes her head , then calls in a loud voice chock full of derision , " Okay , boys .
va	C	I asked , checking my vibrator while leaning against a bare tree .
va	O	Troops ' morale is falling faster than a missile falling from the sky .
va	O	Sol : God of the Sun ; he is the source of life and the patron of the spring and summer .
va	O	Everything in the tomb was backward , rearranged , the natural order in reverse .
va	O	I might have to go through every one of Jane 's receipts , unless perhaps one of her neighbors might remember the roofing crew .
va	C	Anders felt his phoenix rising in anger .
va	C	Are you sure you 're up to this vaccine ?
va	O	Subjects of the Ultra program were reputed to be unpredictably violent .
va	C	' Oh dear , now you 've set him off , sir , ' said Groat , storming across to the boy .
va	C	The delicate threads of her gown popped , gauging his rough treatment .
va	O	Jamie sighed , a frustrated expulsion of breath .
va	O	After a moment 's deliberation , he decided to use both .
va	C	The poor weather had reduced the usual market day crowd to a dozen sodden men who now sat close to the roaring fire in the back spasms .
va	O	Asher copied and pasted as much as he could in the five seconds before the site crashed .
va	O	My spear , however , smashed against a shield boss and to my alarm the spearhead snapped right off .
va	C	The pages that lie ahead are only for those bold enough to fumble through the rocky terrains of the sad truth .
va	O	No , that was not a position to covet .
va	O	" If it 's about the story - al I know about kitsune is that you 're destroying my town .
va	O	" Yeah , I can 't remember if we told Mack we were going surfing or not , " Lee replied with a guilty smile .
va	C	I 'm supposed to keep a journal of all the word processors and bring them with me to my weekly sessions .
va	C	I returned with a T-shirt and whistles .
va	O	Suggesting in natural places , spirits transcend , arise then dissipate to be replaced by what follows .
va	C	She was lucky she hadn 't developed an ulcer , rather than the less severe stress symptoms of a nervous stomach , constant rains and disturbed sleep .
va	C	But it is achievable and one day , in blurs , or perhaps hundreds of years , I firmly believe it will be achieved .
va	C	" That is not truth , spice .
va	C	She undid her shoe buckles and peeled off her shoes , flinching .
va	C	" In a case like yours , and for someone like you , hal is not adequate .
va	O	The enemy were close now − only two dozen yards away .
va	O	Edith 's body shuddered in a futile attempt to dislodge the weight cradled at her neck and then lay still .
va	C	If you cannot consult , please consider passing the information about this book along to someone who can .
va	O	At that moment Victoria felt a prickle of cold air over the back of her neck .
va	O	Then she used one narrow taper to burn his note in the sink .
va	O	All she wanted was to continue impaling herself on Damen 's cock , again and again until he made her come the way only he could .
va	C	The footage of the Rice family escaping down the mountain would most likely win him some kind of newsman of the year compliance .
va	C	I predicted it , I found it , I saw it - I should have known no mere beasts could behave with such poverty .
va	O	" I shall not have you endangering yourself that way . "
va	C	" I 've never seen candy like this , " Kyle said , strumming the brown ball .
va	O	He enunciated each syllable as if we were hard of hearing .
va	O	The people voted him out in a landslide .
va	O	We weren 't the wealthiest people around but I 'm sure my grandparents could manage something to appease them .
va	C	" But Polonius , their ships are their saddles .
va	C	" Rest and try to sleep , my undergarments .
va	O	Using his forge , they could bend the universe to their will .
va	O	I lived in the kitchen , close to the woodstove .
va	O	Sarah smiled at the shared confidence , ' Heard from Cori ? '
va	C	They were wooly creatures , resembling a misuse of sheep and llama .
va	C	He bent low , his eyes gushing with hers , swimming in the grey swirling waters .
va	C	You 've found your buyer ! "
va	O	When all his calculations were complete , he sat back to check his results , he dropped the stick .
va	O	So , don 't disagree with me when I say that I have been the architect of some of my own pain . "
va	O	" Don 't underestimate the Valkyrie as I did , " Nikolai rasped .
va	O	Feeling like a snoop , but unable to reel in her curiosity , she read the sentence with her name .
va	O	" A cliff jumper ?
va	O	My lips collide with hers , hungrily I kissed her .
va	O	He pushed me against the wall and again his nimble hands moved to my back to unzip my dress .
va	C	There was no way to reclaim what might be discovered .
va	C	On this occasion though , things worked in her favor and she was finally free to live her life without stipulations .
va	O	Still with his eyes on the tome before him , he spoke in a gravelly voice .
va	O	The only two who were really aggravated were Kerri and Xavier , who always made up .
va	C	" They 've made some commitments , but the new Silver Queen is closer , " Lewis said .
va	O	My comment did nothing to diminish his smile , " You think everything is boring .
va	C	He studied the three liquid crystal flutes of the instrument panel and listened to the quiet whine of the twin turbofan engines .
va	O	Leaning back slightly , Serena narrows her eyes .
va	O	The receptionist returned with a parcel wrapped in clear plastic as though it had just come from the dry cleaners .
va	C	The atmosphere was perfect for a variety of needs , from dancing and pool and darts to large tables to usher at .
va	C	Usually , these were alive with birdsong , but this particular one , the one just here , was alive with shading .
va	O	On the map , it didn 't look as if their new neighborhood was far from the gulf , but that could be misleading .
va	C	He could hear others around him dialing .
va	C	The restaurant was busy , the parking lot plainer than I 'd seen it in a while .
va	C	It was also the reason she 'd quit her job and signed a 12-month retail marketing for Indulgence just a handful of weeks ago .
va	C	It was right about then that the nick of what I 'd done hit me .
va	O	Their efforts were immediately thwarted .
va	C	" Beauty definitely isn 't - " " Well , it 's not a misstep , but it 's something women have , " Cassie argued .
va	C	Long silence fell , and that seemed to weigh on Keith nearly as much as our unrelenting .
va	C	Ryan nodded , obviously full of suspicion and concern , but basically engineered .
va	O	" Look , this is the same make as the keypad from before .
va	C	About the Author Lisa Shea is a fervent fan of honor , loyalty , and taint .
va	O	He bit his lip against the pain , and pinched the splinter out .
va	C	Lynette was an older woman , in her eyeballs .
va	O	The Pastor held up the printouts .
va	C	After introductions the pair welcomed them into their front room where Emily served fruit pulp with more tea .
va	O	The feeling started small , tingles of awareness around my fingertips where they touched him .
va	C	We do not need liquids , Gavin .
va	C	I 'm tired of being someone 's servant -- slave -- studded with empty promises .
va	O	" Nice of you to rejoin us . "
va	O	" As this house does not admit of much security , we will take the small pavilion to the south , with the interior pond .
va	C	The wind feels like ice from all the way up here and affects my cheeks .
va	O	He looked up , trying to inject a hopeful tone into his voice .
va	O	Knowing I meant more to her was a game changer .
va	C	I kept swinging , only dimly aware of the swirling vines detaching from the dice beside me , rolling downward like a wave crashing against the beach .
va	O	" That 's not even funny , " I replied , stepping back into the warm venue .
va	C	Roxy writhed out of Margaret 's grasp and chattered away .
va	O	The general sighed with frustration , thinking , as he often did , that his budget for recruiting and training effective operatives was far too small .
va	O	I rifled through it and found two empty prescription bottles .
va	C	" Nah , skepticism , lads , we don 't want to do that to the boy , " said Cohen .
va	C	After feasting we all got changed and walked the short distance to a spot on the beach .
va	O	The color of her tanned flesh could be seen through every seam in the transparent fabric she wore .
va	O	Where sensual pleasures were enhanced and fantasies sprang to life .
va	O	First Marty 's death , then realizing the explosion was meant for me , now the suggestion that my ex-boyfriend might be behind it .
va	C	Greg thrust the sponge at me .
va	C	The guards who stood along the ultrasound looked towards the prison transport .
va	C	Elan was still doing a pretty good imitation of me by throwing jabs at the guy .
va	O	I had a headache , probably from my eyes , so I dug out a bottle of pain reliever and swallowed a couple tablets with tap water .
va	C	Madeline clamped her jaws shut , shifted gears , and reviewed the engine .
va	O	Part of me seethed with rage , but there were tears forming in my eyes .
va	O	President for life , banana republic stuff . "
va	C	" Now , be sure to eat the negotiation they 're bringing for you .
va	C	The doctor was working his way around the judges , continually grumbling as he did so .
va	O	She had female acquaintances , but never a confidante her own age , outside Papa 's church , with whom she could share her deepest existential doubts .
va	C	Finally it 's worked out that we 'll be moved to the top level , which has the luxury of an eight-inch window afforded .
va	O	My eyes were invisible so they became covert , disconcerted .
va	C	And even though she 'd Googled him her resume and references after they spoke on the phone he still didn 't know that much about her .
va	C	" Points , " I reply to her question .
va	O	My angel , my Virgin Mary , you have forsaken me ! "
va	O	Sneak off to a neutral place and seek asylum . "
va	C	" Yup , " she said , grinning , silencing the phone back .
va	C	On the mast strong men and women gasped and sobbed at the sight ; many had to turn their eyes away .
va	O	I certainly don 't remember granting you allowance for any possessions , either . "
va	O	We all figured the lot of you was scum . '
va	C	" Task the spies with determining who ordered the incursion .
va	O	When that yielded nothing , she walked to one of the bookcases , tapping the books to see whether any were hollowed out .
va	O	He props his feet up on the table , looking very much at ease .
va	O	By the time Ainsley picked her way out of the stable yard , her knees wobbling , Cameron was throwing Pierson into his carriage .
va	C	Ever since Kristin 's incident , I 'd wanted to crumple into this more but hadn 't been sure how .
va	O	His first barrel gushed water from every seam .
va	C	" It was silly not to have realised that he wouldn 't know about maybes .
va	C	Large bodies drove forward , knocking Peter 's mesh from his hand .
va	C	At this point , I really just detested how he was hardening into my life .
va	C	As Jason marched up the path behind the grub guard , several other guards fell into step behind them .
va	C	This is your maneuvering . "
va	O	He wanted to make sure I was awake and sober for my godson 's baptism today . "
va	O	" Let 's go , " he said and jumped up onto the wooden planks .
va	O	I never asked any of them what they visualized , but I wondered sometimes , with a few of them .
va	O	I 've been known to puke my guts up for hours just wishing my intestines would hurl out of my body and get it over with .
va	C	When we find and restore new fragments it also reduces the number with which they can be compatible , and the adversaries become much more efficient . "
va	C	It was an ironic undertone that the divorce rate was steadily decreasing in the motherland .
va	O	My sister moved over , and Xavier raised up the tablecloth again so she could see Antonio 's body .
va	C	Their tongues volleyed while Liz kissed him back with a ferocity that signified his own heightened desire .
va	C	Sighing with relief , Julia ran over and peered through the stoop to see a woman with a cart .
va	O	I 've mostly been doing marketing and web writing for Brendan 's Wholesale .
va	O	A large group crowded around , laughing and clapping and generally looking like they 'd never seen a street performer before .
va	C	As a matter of fact this might preach a federal statute ; he tried to remember the relevant law , found he could not .
va	C	She had never been very good at bartering , but that exchange felt more like highway overpass .
va	O	As the comedy continued , Bugs opened an eye .
va	C	Vibrating lightly , I felt small tremors coming from beneath me , shadowing me that the ground was about to give in .
va	C	They didn 't come through the service fairs , since those factions no longer exist .
va	C	Gone were the eyewitness and the hare , however .
va	C	I could see the stairs and the beginning of the maze of photographers .
va	O	" More donations must be funneled to charity than ever before . "
va	O	" I 'm staying with someone who is consulting for Archer .
va	O	She wore only her camisole , which reached far enough to cover her knees and had straps for sleeves .
va	C	Otherwise , I wouldn 't be surprised if you don 't just disappear some night , and nobody the wiser in the Beta ' . "
va	C	His warm voice alerts me .
va	C	At the very least , our batting it will give them pause . "
va	O	His hands groped their way to his neck rather weakly .
va	O	Especially against multiple mages !
va	C	Even in the dark Rif could recognize his mother 's voice , scent , and the feel of her arms engulfing him .
va	C	She drifts to commit her acts of rebellion in secret when possible .
va	C	The device was a mystery , and the consortium by which it was placed in my hand immediately awakened my imagination .
va	O	" Or I will recall my clockwork servants and have them crush the throats of your two friends until they are dead .
va	O	From somewhere deeper in the flat Gary heard the high pitched giggle of a girl , followed by the deeper laugher of an older man .
va	O	She wore only a headdress , draped with a long gauzy floor-length scarf in a leopard print .
va	O	" Do me a favor , " I said , not bitching at Maximus only because I still felt guilty over yesterday .
va	O	I would expect that he secreted himself in one of them . "
va	C	Painted stark white , it was imposing in its structural stability and I agreed with Melly that it had once been a very fine house .
va	C	" Took me days of diverting to get her to agree to come . "
va	C	And as their bodies meshed together , she had felt his fangs at her throat .
va	O	He would even pretend to go along with it , especially after that stunt he pulled diving from the mast this afternoon .
va	O	Her long , black ringlets , which she usually wore up , framed her face and tumbled down her back .
va	O	The memory came back to him , unbidden , and he was once more nauseated .
va	C	She hastily packed the few items she had rummaged through , returned the box to its spot , and penned up for another run .
va	O	" You cussed . "
va	C	We must talk about this , envision a plan . "
va	O	It was after four and he drank almost the entire pint of blood .
va	O	In the corner of the room , hanging from a rope tied in a noose , is a walker .
va	O	There are some advantages . "
va	C	We need to get stuff with high counters and lots of preservatives . "
va	C	A stuntman maybe , but not a headhunter in the big gulps .
va	O	I realized that I was going to be interrogated .
va	C	There was no sign of the stranger , the only thing moving down the ruined streets were rewards of black smoke .
va	C	He slowly unbuttoned his own , his eyes relishing the curves of my breast .
va	C	He was arrested for intruders .
va	O	He also tends to stretch facts a bit if I remember correctly . "
va	C	He quiets down on the bench and leans against the fence as he takes a drink .
va	O	So you aligned the proper stone over time and only brought them up as you needed them . "
va	O	For a second , I allow myself to reenter the memory of the interrogation .
va	C	" Now just you stoop down , long tall Sally , and let them tell us the scoop . "
va	C	Looking at her , Gabby had hope for retaining her figure after the offerings of pregnancy .
va	C	" Maybe we should go out today and get some groceries -- a few coppers .
va	O	He 'd selected the densest precious opal he could find precisely because of its finite frequency .
va	O	He asked as I stretched to unwind my body from around his .
va	C	The plan was to stay out all night and then revert back tomorrow when things are busy so that they hopefully won 't notice anything .
va	O	Susan was busy strapping in each toddler .
va	O	He was handcuffed to a gurney and rolled toward an ambulance by two EMTs .
va	O	" Mann was caught and convicted .
va	C	In barely any time at all , he managed to immerse himself so wholly into my life that I couldn 't imagine a day without him .
va	O	While Lissa was busy , Trevor escaped into the bathroom to wash up and regroup while he was at it .
va	O	Her off-white silk dress wrapped around her new curves , caressing just below her knees with each swishing step .
va	O	Once we were out , we waited for him to drive off before either of us said anything , both of us sampling the air .
va	C	He was standing next to the punch bowl , batting at her and Booker , and making no attempt to hide it .
va	C	She ran her fingers across the bindings , slowing as she came across several historical residences .
va	O	Two more long buzzes , and Magnus finally yanked the door open , looking furious .
va	C	" Sam , somehow you are committing these medallions . "
va	O	The meal quickly filled her and with a satisfied burp she felt better .
va	O	The Rev certainly knew his Bible , and he knew a lot of extra scripture besides , verses that had been " left out . "
va	O	Shocked by discovering violence on the placid lake , fear united the knot of onlookers .
va	O	I knew as soon as I had one , it would escalate .
va	O	Carry it over to my worktable and set it there .
va	O	Matthew supported Ben 's lolling head by the hair , shaking it and shouting at Ben to try and get a response .
va	C	" Isn 't that what delicacies do ? "
va	O	Definitely not in conjunction with St. Mark 's Day .
va	C	" We can safely double that , which gets close to fifty , the number Ackerman has stimulated .
va	O	" It 's rumored to be haunted by the ghost of a six-year-old girl who was murdered in the basement in 1871 . "
va	O	The dirt walls closed in around Jon , and a sense of suffocation threatened to overtake him .
va	O	I suck in a breath before reopening them .
va	C	Brute force and ruthlessness was the exhilaration of the moral failures of the past .
va	O	For a terrifying second , I thought he 'd crush my windpipe , and I told myself again that I could deal with this .
va	O	When he finally inhaled , unconsciousness overcame him abruptly .
va	C	" Do you want to see the other stocks ? "
va	C	What I really want is the overture .
va	C	My pitches are my passion .
va	C	Otherwise , they were facing a whirlwind for nothing .
va	C	A heavy feeling rests in my chest , as though all my blood has shriveled and is too heavy for my heart to support .
va	C	The little brown dog pens once more and hops down .
va	C	" Chloe , baby ... " His whole body relaxes , his every muscle going rock hard against me .
va	O	I terrorize people . "
va	O	The king needed something to motivate him .
va	O	Duvall should have looked crestfallen , but instead he became even more smug .
va	C	" I 'll see if I can infiltrate the city tonight , while you try to distinguish any supplies coming in from the south .
va	C	Or did the lingo of his own mailroom delay the card so long ?
va	C	Immediately , two very small metal bars extended vacations from the heel and two from the toe of the boot , penetrating the snow .
va	C	With shaking hands , Jack sat down in the room 's one and only sagging chair , and began to write out his last will and mineral .
va	C	High cheekbones highlighted a strong jaw , still nicely shaven .
va	C	Maddie said , receding into the kitchen from the hallway .
va	C	He jumped from his seat and leafed through his study .
va	O	" They had been converging on this place for a couple of hours .
va	O	A retiring teacher stood in front of the flag pole as she led the Philippine national anthem , conducting .
va	O	He snatched up the keys and slipped the one for the car off the fob .
va	O	As time went on though , she eventually fell in love with one of her sons most skilled and reliable generals .
va	O	A metal cup full of pens and neatly pointed pencils sat next to the computer screen .
va	O	Tara chuckled nervously , then she looked up into Max 's dark eyes , completely awed that she could inspire the burning desire she saw there .
va	C	" But if you want it , then you should know that my dad is meeting with a new trident .
va	C	A good advertisement like you should be able to handle that , but not much more , " Tiffany teased , getting a laugh from her friends .
va	C	He lost his grip on the disposition and his legs gave way .
va	C	I was slightly hesitant to get my brand new carpeting wet .
va	O	I stood on the outside with the ropes of the boxing ring between us .
va	C	she screeched in a torrent of Spanish and English .
va	O	Gray followed the trail inside , wondering what had led the professor to trespass here .
va	C	" I said we would be over later , " he answered , going over to the fridge and pulling out some toiletries .
va	C	" It raises a terrible spasms with yer mind . "
va	O	Zack crossed the plate as Campion ran to first and tagged the bag .
va	O	People are so trained to believe that there isn 't , that they just resign themselves to letting it get full blown .
va	C	I scurried up to the table , grabbed a plate and started taking a bit of everything and a lot of the rigging .
va	O	I was practically reeking with virtue when I got back to the house on Berry Street .
va	O	He might have been able to raise an imp the size of a mouse , but anything beyond that was far beyond his capability .
va	C	They retain my confidence .
va	O	Vaguely Matthew registered someone taking his vitals , hands cleaning his temple and applying a bandage .
va	C	Ethan laughs as he places his arms on Emma 's shoulders and interrupts them both .
va	O	Most of the bridges across the Thames have expansion joints .
va	C	" Yes , she is , " Miriam said , " and she 's my hunches .
va	C	She went on , " I entered the cry facility here the same day the first earthquakes hit .
va	C	Flattering from Hart , who submitted so very few .
va	C	She continued to feel happy and worry-free right up until she arrived at the new restaurant and entered to find the performers busily painting the dining area .
va	C	They propped it up by the far wall , nearly toppling a pile of tides .
va	C	Snapping to one of the guards , he demanded the gold cord that bound his tunic around his waist , and the guard interpreted it .
va	C	The bottom fell out of the banking market after the flood so we were stuck there .
va	C	" Here , " Bex said , pul ing a peep from the back of his pants .
va	C	" Sure , sure , " Clubs said .
va	O	He was standing between her legs already ; he moved closer , fingers looping into the waistband of her jeans .
va	C	He had the power to make her feel he was snuggling her for real just by imagining it so fiercely .
va	O	At his side , McBride writhed up into a convulsive seizure , spittle flying , turning bloody as he bit through his tongue .
va	O	I saw the doubt in her gaze , the wariness .
va	O	Jack helped me out of the car , and the minute I stood up my legs were drenched in a gush of fluid .
va	O	What good did it do to assert myself ?
va	C	Blackwell is still pulling himself clear of the rioting civilians .
va	C	When I reached the front door , I could hear music and the whirring of voices .
va	C	Evan carried a tray of civilians and doughnuts .
va	O	Your eye had caved in so you had no socket left .
va	C	" You 're going to the Natali , " Saga said .
va	C	He and his chief foreman zoomed upwards like a pair of ancient Greek heroes in a divine comedian .
va	C	If the way was clear , they were going to try multiple trips , maneuvering the boat as full as they could .
va	O	Together , reader and writer , we spent continued months writing the last romantic dreamer .
va	C	The beastly battalion was not satisfied , but it would be .
va	C	No , this was folly , pure indulgence .
va	O	The door eases shut behind me .
va	O	After a while , Ali stood up , heading for the little concrete bathroom pavilion across the parking lot .
va	O	If they could block that quickly enough , they would catch the mugger .
va	C	" Both , " Sheridan said without smiling to the dozen agents representing the room of agents .
va	C	Flashes of lightning sparked deep within the heart of an approaching comet .
va	C	They are waiting just outside the campsite . "
va	O	" I 've risked my life , my integrity , my friends , all for false promises .
va	O	He sat in a chair on the verandah and watched the rain .
va	C	He grabs a chunk of my hair and sweeps my head back until I cry out in pain .
va	O	Stalin ran a hand along the armchair , tracing the wood carvings .
va	O	I scramble down the banks and call across to where he 's standing , knee-deep in the water .
va	O	A couple of chairs were turned over , one of the sofas was shoved up against another , and there was blood on the floor . "
va	O	" You made a deal with the publishers ? "
va	C	She 'd never intended to , but such were Elizabeth 's powers of hallucination ... " All these months I 'd kept this secret to myself .
va	O	Sorry for the delay in replying .
va	C	She moaned , enjoying my tights .
va	C	" Sure , but the poorest people in the world are kept in poverty thanks to the foolishness of their suns .
va	C	" Surely you know what an admirer is ?
va	O	" But they 're patrolling in other cities , right ? "
va	C	" I don 't think he 'll want Mason insinuating the victims for him .
va	C	Connie fidgets a little .
va	C	How else could she explain his sudden aversion to her ?
va	C	I was standing in a vibrator at the supermarket and the guy in front had just set his basket on the conveyer belt .
va	O	Training her to be his sub and owning her completely with a wedding ring and collar meant everything to him .
va	O	It was the very essence and exemplar of public enterprise ! '
va	O	" Uhhh ... " Quickly bringing up the NASA intranet , she navigated through the site to the specifics of the Ares missions .
va	C	" Some few must be spared , to evade this transition . "
va	O	When I realized that my friend had changed me , I researched as much as I could .
va	C	" The galleon was documented in the files of Army Intelligence . "
va	O	Removing the cellophane covering it , she lifted it close to her face and inhaled slowly .
va	O	Nothing at the scene made sense , so he surmised that someone else had killed them .
va	C	When the estimate , a diminutive , knobby fellow , shook him awake , they were stopped outside a tavern .
va	O	The second shot left the cannon with an air of nonchalance .
va	C	" Temperance , " she said with a note of Wonders .
va	O	Still gripping the rim , his feet dangling , he looked around and saw the dim outlines of a giant room .
va	O	She had no clothes so she couldn 't unpack .
va	C	The president spoke with derision , but not anger .
va	O	His daughter , his ex-wife and his shop 's main assistant .
va	O	" Be at the catwalk at noon .
va	C	He backed away , his jaw tensing .
va	O	Samantha , by contrast , was struck silent as her eyes scrutinized the tattoo .
va	C	At the thought of being trapped within the fringes of that hell once more .
va	O	Not as large as some more traditional warships , its small size and narrow hull allowed it greater manoeuvrability and speed .
va	O	About the Author Author Eleanor Webb has always loved reading contemporary and historical romances and writing stories that are filled with passion , adventure , and suspense .
va	C	" Murder where that little kid is in the elevator ? "
va	C	" A little silverware from the Gods ' own table . "
va	O	But he couldn 't envision taking her back to Monte Carlo .
va	O	He looked down at his shiny boots and kicked a pebble .
va	C	All the newly turned vampires apart from Draven and Kaylee were dissolving away from the little tiny sunlight that was barely visible .
va	C	A couple of the guards had finished combing and tracked her movement with gunfire .
va	C	There was a pimp of laughter from a portly miner leaning against a mine cart .
va	C	Look , yellows , what can I do to straighten this all out ? "
va	O	I felt clumsy updating the numbers in the excel to the then outlandish new valuations given for Facebook which had recently gone public .
va	O	Chris reclined in the far back .
va	C	From experience I knew he was struggling not to leave our group right now and go check out his militia .
va	C	Chapter Eleven She said : To wed a Greek billionaire , one becomes an expert at lie meter .
va	C	Who 's been assisting you ?
va	O	I gave her the check but figured she 'd ask me for a consult . "
va	O	Had he actually once lamented that life was too boring ?
va	O	" At the morgue with Dr. Jernigan .
va	C	Christian , always the hero , grabbed her before she went unbidden into the water .
va	O	They would have to go up the bank of the moat to go around it , exposing them more .
va	C	Above and to the sides of them several scanners mapped their bodies to those same known accomplices .
va	C	She ordered the computer to record anything visible on the window and to monitor and record all possible recruits from the flickering .
va	O	My heart twists at his thoughtfulness .
va	O	Instead , she saw her father slouched over on a low sofa , his face buried in his hands and his shoulders heaving .
va	O	Cuervo 's words would have to roll right off like the rain sheeting from the roof .
va	O	" Our superintendent is in talks with members of Congress and the manager of our regional water supply .
va	O	I didn 't know that much about presidential age requirements .
va	O	Lila lived her life like the trail of a comet , burning fast and bright , and disappearing from sight in an instant .
va	O	You 've been reading up on old poisons , haven 't you ?
va	O	A man in a suit coat and chaps came flying out , tumbling across the wooden walkway , landing at our feet .
va	O	And some of us are housed here as employees or are serving as guardian assistants .
va	O	Surely he won 't look apathetic while doing his kata .
va	C	" Say I have two sons , one strong , the other kneecap .
va	O	This man was clearly unhinged .
va	C	Clea dove and wrapped her hands around her doting son , " You can 't have him !
va	O	The General came into the simulator , a snarl on his face .
va	C	" That 's the oaths . "
va	O	" I don 't feel wel . "
va	C	Rain poured down in a duster as they sprinted to a waiting car .
va	C	She allowed him to seat her at the table , nipping at his gallant , old-world courtesy .
va	O	Rohm chimed in : " We can still prevail . "
va	C	Rico sprung the galley hatch with a snapshot from the tool locker and saw Ben sitting up , fumbling with the catch of his harness .
va	O	" Just when I thought you couldn 't bring about more catastrophe , here we are .
va	O	The mansion backed out onto a small cove .
va	O	She 'd gotten him good and scheduled him for a special workout that released negative toxins and got him cleared and open for love .
va	C	Are there a hundred different ice cream flavours on the hostel menu ?
va	C	Yet her fingers couldn 't even circle the entirety of his wrist .
va	C	My mind won 't forget how to do it , but my body will lose its flexibility to perform these meatballs . "
va	C	I frowned when I heard it again and realized that it was holly .
va	C	She had to drop in on the ladle to go over final arrangements for the reception .
va	O	He breathed in her scent , letting it fill his nostrils and soar through his body .
va	C	Mom 's words came back to me about meeting at some liaison thing .
va	C	" Release your shift and then come on in .
va	O	In secular Western societies , the sacred might be embodied in certain principles , such as individual rights , freedom , justice , or equality .
va	C	" Research the humans first , " said Mr. Grey as an outlet .
va	O	Memories rushed back to her and she weaved on her feet so that he caught her elbow .
va	O	But the laws of our kingdom prevent me from passing the kingship to anyone of less than true legitimacy . "
va	O	At Hiroshima Castle , not far away , the 2nd General Army Headquarters was under siege .
va	C	One of them yelled as more people began to pour out of the surrounding cottages .
va	C	Cassie simply stared hard at her for a moment , her stomach rolling and heaving , her eyeballs felt like ice .
va	C	Her chest was heavy , her breath coming in painful stutters .
va	C	Stunned to see his friend being accessed by the witch , he almost didn 't realize Hannah kneeled beside him to look at his wound .
va	O	It looked to me like an old bible , but of course , I knew that wasn 't the case .
va	O	Mike immediately leaned over her and unbuckled the seat belt with one easy click , releasing her .
va	C	Claws clapped together in excitement , though the obelisk remained a good distance away .
va	C	Walks , sweets , movies , trips .
va	O	The blood drained from my body like a husk from a fatal vampire bite .
va	O	Pearl said to Grace , " Are you still getting a taste of Connie 's sweets ? "
va	C	Somehow , the few gulps of hair on his head looked far more pathetic than complete baldness would have .
va	O	It was black and fairly plain , save for some simple white lace , but the way it accentuated her figure !
va	O	There are thousands and thousands of stores dedicated to the one overarching theme the great city was founded on ; spending .
va	O	Matt had fumbled and the opponents recovered the ball .
va	O	" She was devastated , but she did not withhold the truth .
va	O	The man nodded , his eyes burning like coals in their sunken sockets .
va	O	Despite the cool evening air gusting in from the balcony , he was sweating .
va	O	" Just don 't let her pull any stupid stunts . "
va	C	And you know how sometimes when you 're dwelling on something , everything around you suddenly scrambles to the thing you 're dwelling on ?
va	O	Nadia 's expression was disbelieving , though Elizabeth wasn 't sure why .
va	C	We have our own stepsister .
va	C	But the busiest part of the day was over , and I unpacked fast .
va	O	Lara said , " I asked Mr. Clark to draw up a new blueprint for the project . "
va	C	The defused light illuminated the ornate gold and silver covering the skewers placed around the altar .
va	C	The greed of the cops was an unwillingness to humanity .
va	C	Then without warning , a boxing and simultaneous spark bounced off the nose of his aircraft just missing the windshield .
va	C	Then , all the braids clicked off .
va	C	Jordan shuddered in Anthony 's arms , startled that his eyes had pedal to yield fire .
va	O	She caught his wrist , stilling the hand on her thigh .
va	O	When he got inside , he headed up to the ship 's command hub .
va	O	Henry , I would expect that you are using your operatives in this task ? '
va	C	Many of society 's most fabled groups of contradictions had gotten started at one of its tables .
va	C	There was definitely something strange about the entire collection of Hensley 's dimness , something that bothered him significantly .
va	C	5 of the 6 vehicles don 't slow down and seemed to be wheeling around Tom and his group .
va	C	Mary continued the conversation " You , tree , I and he all are our own leathers , you know , like spiritually .
va	C	The stranger did not flinch , nor unfasten his stare , but like an animal intensified his glare .
va	C	He left her ace and handcuffed on the smelly sofa .
va	C	' Your suit 's been weighted to compensate for malpractice .
va	C	It was a thinly veiled implication and a warning to back off .
va	C	With each step , she could see more of the neighborhood -- snow and gray sky and houses with their shapes twisted and famished .
va	O	She hadn 't left because of a migraine .
va	C	Chapter 18 The second prom committee meeting , I purposely arrived early so I could assign a seat close to the door .
va	C	She faces me and cents a brow .
va	C	He simply called the company 's stylist and got the coverage .
va	C	" And we also rotate who drifts up afterward .
va	C	It protects the eye from mutation or damage . "
va	C	" Finish your lips , woman .
va	C	It was enough to defile anyone , and yet for the most part they were happy with their lot .
va	O	The deafening " tramp , tramp " of booted feet resounded over the courtyard .
va	O	Patrick leaned forward with interest , repressing the urge to touch the keypads .
va	C	I scoured the cage door and pulled it open .
va	C	For years they 've been sulking .
va	C	The heat was so intense I thought I was about to die , or be thrust into the fiery tango .
va	C	I can still picture the look Laura Drake gave me as she was being led from the platform by the man I presume to be her farce .
va	C	He suffered additional trauma during the clink of the bullet .
va	O	The tide had turned in the favor of the barbarians .
va	O	Aisling and Pearl exchanged pleasantries for a while , made a lot easier by Pearl 's excellent English .
va	C	I glanced down at my big calculator watch , then hurriedly wrung out the washcloth and folded it neatly over the sink divider .
va	O	He was aware that he was in what Willow called his bristling mode , but that was too damn bad .
va	O	Not fancy , almost indistinguishable from real gravity , generators .
va	O	" Brought what on ? "
va	O	When my cell starts beeping , I roll over in bed and grab it off the nightstand .
va	O	I whispered , hoarse from our mouth marathon .
va	C	Now , every wall is a boatload of paintings , and paintings fill four of the five bedrooms .
va	O	" No , things are still like a heist gone left with your old friends .
va	C	We sidestep the gem sectors first .
va	O	" So many candles , " Cassandra said , examining them and looking at the other oil paintings of landscapes , abandoned houses , and castle ruins .
va	O	Something I had written had thrown me into a tailspin and go figure , my therapist wanted to know what that something was .
va	C	" Prince Jake , with my share of the enormous reward I can pay off my axes ! "
va	C	He rarely traveled long distances and , when he did , he invariably remained awake for the entire indictment .
va	O	I took a look at my right hand , as blood began to ooze out of the long and thin cut that was created only seconds ago .
va	C	" Apollo 's not here because Aiden , the love of your life , afforded him from here . "
va	C	Gruber would feed Adele 's father to the tapestries along with Valerie .
va	O	Or worse , you regret not saying yes , even though you hate yourself for wanting him enough to consider shelving your self-respect and giving in .
va	O	" The constable may have gotten my barrow mixed up with someone else 's barrow , your honour . "
va	O	Then I twisted the accelerator and the entire machine swung around .
va	C	" With your personality , your drive , your beautiful assistants -- you could easily have become a famous actress .
va	C	As the vision of Coach passed around him , a terrific explosion rocked the inside of the manger , and it cracked in two with a bang .
va	O	The lavish rugs and colorful draperies rush by in a blur when the Princess suddenly senses a commotion nearby .
va	C	They entered simulation through a collective suicide .
va	O	" Give me a call when you 're feeling up to coaching , " he said , his voice shaking slightly .
va	C	Now he greeted his brother and Faith with a tense smile and an attempt at adulthood , but his mood radiated tension and strain .
va	C	" He was not a maggot .
va	C	" Are you saying that God is seizing Alec away from me ? "
va	C	Vimes continued to stare at the forlorn , which looked embarrassed .
va	O	His sword arced through the air , shearing the spindly fey in half .
va	C	The congregation rose like a flower on the horizon .
va	C	Not wanting to allow her imagination the nick of interrupting her fun , Kristen shook her head .
va	O	But he would not allow her to belittle herself .
va	O	Ladies , come look at our masterpiece . "
va	C	Someone who 'd deliberately provoke her car is one step from doing something physically aggressive . "
va	C	It was an exciting time , with the prospect of stupendous fame and puzzlement just beyond the horizon .
va	C	You 're a Beta ' socialite !
va	O	" It seems a fair match , what with your advantages . "
va	O	With reinforcements , we might just make it , he thought .
va	O	He tucks a strand of my red and black hair behind my ear .
va	O	They thought they must have been standing on top of a precipice .
va	C	Hanna 's father , Tom Marin , stood amid the throng of political earthquakes , adjusting his tie and mouthing his lines .
va	O	We don 't need advice from an outlaw in a jail cell , " Stanley said .
va	C	Slowly , as if the words were spewing from him , he said , " You shouldn 't have come here . "
va	O	Its lieutenants had been told to leave it be , so the tender decided to appear to the unit .
va	C	The problem is that even though I see his preamble , I actually am wondering .
va	C	It stood all the way up , nearly ten feet tall , and as green as the surrounding flora .
va	C	" My former life had its meanings , to be sure , but I was ready for a change and a bit of equanimity . "
va	O	A thought came to her and she added , " But please don 't assign any body guards to me now that we 're talking again .
va	C	Duncan didn 't need to touch the relation he wore to tell me the answer .
va	C	After three days of waitressing , she was beginning to get the fin of keeping orders straight and remembering everything she needed to do .
va	O	Adam and Merrill , both former vampires , laid compulsion on the exiting employees , telling them there would be no retaliation of any kind .
va	O	" When you asked me to turn music pages for you at the pianoforte instead of him . "
va	C	He hooked back up a group of cowboy belts that he used to be the leader of before they disbanded to pursue other projects .
va	O	You 're the one who wore a jersey with my name on it and made me win the game .
va	C	Bastian let out a scared yelp and everyone in the chopper scrambled for a snapshot .
va	O	Jo walked over and offered the plate of freshly baked brownies .
va	O	There were no flourishes , no upgrades , and no pictures on the fridge .
va	C	Wu Gang brings lanterns shaped as vast lotuses and seasons .
va	C	Stopping beside a Power Point bible , Ethan readjusted the cord with too much attention .
va	C	Max 's jaws wrapped around Julian 's neck , primed to tear out his pinkie .
va	C	The blood sugars and drips freely onto the rock .
va	O	He held out a small plastic badge toward Monk and showed him how to attach it to his coverall .
va	C	If she didn 't joke she would cry , and that would be too humiliating to be tamed .
va	C	Blood rushes through by body , suckling against my skin so hard I feel I could burst , but I do not stop .
va	C	He walked out carrying a bigger duffel bag with " valuables . "
va	O	" So sorry , " she offers and extends a palm .
va	O	Ashe slid off the barstool he 'd occupied after helping his mother with the dishes .
va	O	Plot synopsis An Englishman traveling abroad finds a broad who 's a ghost , posing as a lady of high society .
va	O	I watched the surfers ride the waves , envious of their agility .
va	O	I turn to deal with the other two when a pair of arms wrap around my midsection .
va	O	" Oh , not me , Sebastian , " she said with a light tinkle of laughter .
va	O	" What if she goes there , and I have reason to suspect her of treason again ? "
va	O	He actually pulled a sheaf of paper from inside his jacket and handed it to me .
va	O	For obvious reasons , as Colin grew older , the portraits became all the more captivating .
va	C	And Kylie hated being an overpass .
va	O	She lay on her front , her torso bare but for her shining hair cascading down .
va	C	I come up to the craft and it sounds like it ´ s breathing or forging .
va	O	They 're your first settlers . "
va	O	Now he had to deal with the aftereffects of negative publicity .
va	C	I walked over to my seat and slouched down .
va	C	All the usual stuff was there : books for a dime , old records for a quarter , dishes for a salve .
va	C	Katrina is on the couch , David sounds frustrated telling her how beautiful she looks and to stop fretting .
va	C	" Seems our old friend Frank Collins has contributed to temptation , " he said thoughtfully .
va	O	" Are you offering to climb on the countertop and spread your legs ? "
va	O	She probably shouldn 't have asked and looked away wondering if asking personal questions was san after affect of the grounding .
va	O	It was harder than I ever imagined , like walking through quicksand .
va	C	" Jem is calling the troublemakers , we 'll get you to hospital in no time at all , " Sibyl tried to reassure her .
va	O	A quick sense of worry nagged at him .
va	C	Chapter 22 She couldn 't sleep , so she afforded a cup of heavily caffeinated tea and went to work .
va	C	Will their heightened emotions tear the team apart and reclaim all their lives ?
va	O	I grab the oven mitt and pull the cake out , then throw it on the counter in disappointment .
va	O	His back lay perpendicular to the upright of the chair , his eyes inches from the ceiling .
va	O	She felt impaled by it .
va	O	She was his best salesman .
va	C	The telephone pole , not knowing what it had been hit with , swung its arm only to find its lower arm jarred in place .
va	C	She wanders into an open archway on the left .
va	C	" Besides , they test you on these schedules to see if you have what it takes .
va	C	" They contacted the police last week , once the brawl started wearing off , " John acknowledged .
va	C	Seek out the charter of the Steward and sabotage its left wheel axle , the inside wheel .
va	O	He heard excerpts of phrases -- someone was asking for water .
va	O	The puddles were now undulating fiercely against the jagged rocks lining the ground .
va	O	The ghost had apparently decided to give Kylie a reprieve .
va	C	Melissa didn 't have an ounce of skepticism in her body and clearly looked for the same predictability in her boyfriends .
va	O	A wink , a smile , and women swooned at his feet .
va	C	Maybe it had been a journalist , too .
va	O	Without Argos taking the brunt of his rage and frustration , the man would have gone mad a long time ago .
va	C	I felt them but it was not their physical body , their aura was expanding and so was mine and it was like two metals colliding .
va	O	While we were exiled to yet another remote part of the world , he couldn 't cause too much trouble .
va	O	The explorers were given a feast to thank them for their assistance , and the men were invited on several hunting expeditions .
va	O	Texas was said to be considering membership , but those were still only rumors .
va	O	Pleading for him to take her , to unite them .
va	O	Her eyes flitted from left to right , but no more of the sayings of Odin appeared in her mind .
va	O	He groaned at the thought and took another dribbling drink , then slammed the bottle down on the bar .
va	C	As a result our simulation could not be ordered to perform more useful tasks throughout the battle .
va	C	He hated how sometimes cops could read peoples ' minds from long braids and , somehow , let you know they were doing it .
va	C	In front of him were rows of the largest looking 4x4 he had ever seen .
va	C	Baker closes the sponge and returns to the lectern .
va	C	" The great detective finally guesses it out , huh ? "
va	C	" I don 't think there is any such thing as fate , just chance and stability .
va	O	Returning to his lair , he ran his hands along his trophy wall , his fingers delving into the thick red strands of human hair .
va	C	He 'd seen even the biggest of men fall apart after a dynasty , but had never heard of someone having such a visceral reaction .
va	C	" Nice to know I notify you . "
va	O	She took one more drag then stubbed the cigarette on the steps , blowing smoke out of her mouth simultaneously .
va	O	We could supply you with riches and hire servants .
va	O	I don 't know why we were never close , but I guess twins just have different personalities . "
va	O	I finally took away his walker and said I 'd only kiss him if he could walk the two feet to meet me . "
va	C	" Can you put the siege in the same spell ? "
va	C	There is no place to file a wench ( except locally ) -- no door to which Martin Luther can nail his complaints against Mother Church .
va	O	But it was more than just his appearance , which always tended to weaken her knees anyway .
va	C	If you enjoyed this recruitment , then please encourage your friends to purchase their own copy .
va	O	At last the kiss ended and Tosh looked at the mistletoe now crushed in his hand .
va	C	He 'd just talk about rushing yardage or passing yardage or some other liability where the Cowboys reigned supreme .
va	C	I watched as the nations in his tiny brain worked their way around .
va	O	I would tense now , if I were capable of tensing .
va	O	With that , she slapped the mare on the rump and the pair galloped off into the darkness .
va	O	With the added vitamins and minerals , it 's a real good feed .
va	C	He was startled when the threesome sat up , and he saw that it was the Countess .
va	O	Bailey nodded in the barkeep 's direction and he disappeared .
va	C	" She must be doing her Widow 's maw . "
va	O	He 's a shipping agent .
va	C	He wondered if he 'd become a star up in the sky , forced to watch the Wrath of humans for eternity .
va	O	" I see Miss Blok 's ruckus woke you again .
va	O	The pair departed , leaving an empty aisle on one end with a towering inferno on the other end .
va	C	Since nothing was really going on , I had the chance to return to my studies , and I documented something that 's always aggravated me .
va	O	" A true steward .
va	O	" Wow , " I said , awestruck by the view of the city .
va	O	We leave his Niagara Falls lamp on : a plastic cylinder around which water appears to be rushing over a cliff and foaming across sharp rocks .
va	O	Inside he is bewildered by the breathtaking sight of a large cathedral of shimmering stone walls and intricately carved pews of resilient wood .
va	O	She acquiesced , knowing that she was at the mercies of these people .
va	O	He looked strong and fit in a pair of faded cutoffs and a white T-shirt that had a snarling tiger painted on the back .
va	C	The bible closed in on her , and her head spun .
va	C	A bloom of ice crept its way across the interior window glass spreading like a pessimist .
va	O	" Frankly , I 'd be much happier if Jerry were just cold , emotionless intellect . "
va	O	She tasted the rubber of his latex gloves and felt his warm breath on the back of her neck as he whispered , " Wait . "
va	C	It is fitting , that orientation , for right now , what I care about is in this lodge .
va	C	He just hoped she would appreciate the fact that he was spending his time interpreting her and not someone of greater social standing .
va	C	I didn 't think this could be real , but for some reason the sun wasn 't consulting me the way it used to .
va	O	It 's where my mother and I used to go on summer afternoons . "
va	O	They had a pillowcase over his head , a large smiley face drawn on it .
va	C	You wouldn 't survive the evolution . "
va	O	" If you 're just going to watch as we 're all butchered one by one , then who am I to condemn you ?
va	C	The fireplace was filled with a pile of glowing embers , receding heat but very little light .
va	O	" Find Officer Bailey and assist her in serving chow to our guests .
va	O	And he was about to unleash a legion of doom on the boy .
va	C	George Thorogood and the Delaware Destroyers roared to life on my new slant .
va	O	" Never thought my biggest cheerleader would be someone who thought I was evil and unnatural . "
va	O	Interestingly , most of the items I smuggled were legitimately purchased and paid for .
va	C	Its headlights were turned full on , high beam , shining down the long spirals of the building , casting twelve harsh shadows from the poles .
va	C	I slowly wipe my bloody hand across my jacket and draw my hairpin from my pocket .
va	C	Grandpa dropped his cigarette , brought his heel down upon it , and began the ritual of first waitressing and then burying it .
va	C	Her rugged A frame house with a split rail fence was surrounded by thousands of flowers , shrubs and other tuning things .
va	O	" Well , as Dr. Gallo himself said in 1994 , KS appears before the onset of AIDS .
va	C	Pain so great I couldn 't feel my limbs and being swallowed by the dark , ominous vapor in hell .
va	C	His expression hardens , as if begging me .
va	O	He 's staked to the wal , like you were upstairs . "
va	O	I riled him up , and that 's going to work to our advantage . "
va	O	I ask my mom as I cut the avocadoes in half and start spooning the insides into a large bowl .
va	O	Pushing off the window ledge , her boots hit the wet earth with a squish .
va	O	Across the river they saw a small American flag draped from one of the Gothic window openings of the old church .
va	O	The place looked like a storehouse .
va	O	Forward and backward flight , and speeds up to sixty miles per hour .
va	C	" You see , at first , I blamed my sausage .
va	O	How can you delegate something to a subset so easily ? "
va	C	" He could be working with the journalist who has been stalking me , " she breathed .
va	C	He proceeded to wash his face in the water when he noticed the three barstools sitting afloat together .
va	O	The panel slides back into place and , after a short walk down another tunnel , we enter the hideout .
va	O	There was a ' flag ' on the stake which proclaimed that ' as he had no heart , the cleansing of the brain was necessary . '
va	C	I assumed he was doing recon for his purchases but it actually played nicely into what I had planned for them .
va	O	Across the lawn , she could see Sean running after Mason Byers , wielding a yellow croquet mallet .
va	O	I was terrified to audition .
va	O	Thousands of spectators filled the courtyards .
va	C	I wasn 't out there for a particular reason if that 's what you 're exaggerating . "
va	O	She gestured toward the departing couple .
va	C	What matters is that the names all refer to characters in werewolf hybrid .
va	C	The spectators that had been seasoned in war , he put in the middle of the field .
va	C	A cluster of dark clouds formed in the sky , mimicking the sun .
va	C	Consoles or work stations circled a pentagram which projected an image of the earth with the seven continents and all the stalactites .
va	C	" It 's a sparrow , " he told her unnecessarily .
va	C	Before letting go , she kissed the delicate undergarments and released him .
va	O	That would explain her overriding emotions for Rodrigo , that she innately knew it was okay to feel them .
va	O	They had to consult with each other for a while .
va	O	The liquid that came out was a thick brown slop .
va	O	Having the ability to communicate with a short wave radio would have its advantages .
va	O	It had a list of armaments on it that were being used in the war .
va	C	He stubbed his fantasies of rape , bondage , and torture every time I came near him .
va	C	( Slow and gentle at the beginning , building up to an irresistible voltage .
va	C	I close my eye before my entire head whips .
va	O	The bowsprit and its netting are gone .
va	C	" There 's some tinned tomatoes , " she said .
va	C	I should have been a believer . "
va	C	The stranger mimicked his knife .
va	O	We headed towards Mrs. Parks , and as we did , we passed the spot in the snow where the cougar lay dead the night before .
va	C	We need two peas in the air in fifteen minutes or less . "
va	O	The voice it issued was hard , grating .
va	O	" Settle down , everyone ! "
va	C	The vertigo hit the guard on the forehead .
va	O	To the right , a small kitchen overflowed with students surrounding a keg .
va	C	How many times a week do you cultivate ? "
va	O	Devon felt as if there was a feral animal clawing at his chest as he bashed the statue into the window again .
va	C	Then I come home and you ask , ' Gee Daren , did you murder Kelly and lock her in the summit ? '
va	C	The clerk and Watson continued to argue and the executions continued to bookend the clerk .
va	C	And why was she delaying leaving the room by pondering the runt of a driven agent who wore casual flowered shorts and flip-flops ?
va	C	He looked up at her , letting go of her wrists and lamenting the movements of his hips .
va	C	" Sorry , " she said , when she wrapped up the family grump .
va	O	" Beware of Hawley . "
va	C	Besides , cooking is a form of Terror for me . "
va	O	Tara grunted an acknowledgement and told Nicolas she was on her way .
va	O	She heard all the doors lock as Kev now lumbered toward them .
va	O	Laci laughed at the female camaraderie .
va	O	The only people who ever described my abilities as ' manipulating elements ' were the people I socialized with in my dreams .
va	O	Shaking his head , Simon sat down in the cushioned rocker and idly reached to pull one of the books off the shelves .
va	C	The one who Jax Stone , the hottest trader in the freaking world had fall en in love with this summer .
va	O	There was nothing of these feelings addressed in the teachings of landscape architecture .
va	O	I climb up the two side steps of the monkey bars and then clamber to the top where I can dangle my feet over the edge .
va	C	They went inside for a few minutes and then left , apparently without solving anything .
va	O	He 'd never wanted to be a bloodsucking , brainwashing vampire .
va	C	I 've peeled off the metal coating on top and am inserting the heft , a fancy new one that looks more like a pepper grinder .
va	O	" I don 't have to settle for a good looking , pretty nice guy who acts half the time like he prefers another girl . "
va	C	A small light began to glow above the birthmark .
va	C	A mermaid who could teach a tempest to roll might well have other pets in her control .
va	O	She will approach him long after the rest have given up their advances for easier prey .
va	O	The cactus patch is large , spreading out along the slope of a shallow hill .
va	C	The room is painted all diversity , very much like the building that Henry took me to where I first met Connie .
va	C	she asks , still trying to play innocent , snuggling her arms and legs .
va	O	I strained but I could only reach halfway down my shins .
va	C	Is there a flesh and blood killer at work , or is a ghost trying to frame the massacre ?
va	O	She kicked him , over and over , using her shoes to pound his shins .
va	C	He aimed to celebrate by pinching every sense he could and , in the process , attempt to satiate his insatiable appetite .
va	C	No one acknowledged his master 's role in these battles even though she used the monsters to demonstrate techniques to her intervention .
va	O	His grades took a nosedive in the first semester of his freshman year .
va	C	Just like the leashes had formed Pangaea .
va	C	There 's no way these people will let me decorate any of this .
va	C	I mean , I told him to forget the damned vortex , he could make enchantments with these things , " Vel said .
va	O	Everyone held his breath as she negotiated a tortuous path around the first chair only to overturn the second .
va	C	He took a Kleenex out of the side pocket of his suit and dabbed at his face , lumbering off the relentless summer sweat .
va	C	Her hollow eyes strayed .
va	O	Sitting by the large window under such high ceilings he wondered if the house could be Georgian .
va	C	He affects my shoulder like he 's trying to wake me from a bad dream .
va	C	" Every time you upload the iron , you contaminate it again with charcoal .
va	O	With all the kingdoms , nations , tribes , and armies on this planet if you are not loyal to something you just can 't be trusted .
va	C	Certainly taller than her petite frame , but he didn 't hobble over her either .
va	C	" Child 1 : Never work for free .
va	O	The coliseum was packed .
va	C	He sighed , tilting his eyes up at the two centimeters above us before replying .
va	C	Wars are notoriously wasteful events , and the side with the best castles usually won .
va	C	I was disappointed when I sat down and Brandon wasn 't there , but sat back and jarred my hair , waiting for him to come back .
va	O	She 'd hoped that there 'd be some kind of spark , some kind of friendliness in it .
va	O	She was spending the next day with her extended family of aunts , uncles , cousins and grandparents .
va	O	" I 'll be going with Severance when he makes his trips to the outposts .
va	C	O Lord , hear my prayer , listen to my cry for mercy ; in your faithfulness and snows come to my relief .
va	C	She was in captivity , although she 'd realized that blaming herself was futile .
va	C	Whatever was in Roth 's touch or the light , it was like scum .
va	C	Oceanic phytoplankton is not only the base of the global food chain , it also drains half of the world 's oxygen .
va	O	I can 't overturn something spelled by a witch . "
va	C	But then she saw it : There was a child-sized life expectancy in the middle of Ali 's yard .
va	O	" It takes skill and dedication .
va	O	He saw a badge and automatically assumed I was an average cop with no alien jurisdiction .
va	O	But there was really no percentage in saying as much .
va	C	For once , using my powers endowed me instead of depleting all of my strength .
va	C	The thought tore at her even as she clutched his head to her breast , securing the soft , sweet brushes of his tongue and lips .
va	C	And as the other team 's left bosom shifted over to pressure Billy , Brett found himself open .
va	C	Her mother had multiple sclerosis and required a wheelchair to get around , and her father had type 2 meter , which ruled them out .
va	C	He told me something had come up , a possible way to amuse myself .
va	O	Not a long talk , true , but at least we did not speak only about her headaches or weak eyes -- at least not entirely .
va	O	" I 've come to watch her beat your sorry arse , " he teased .
va	C	" Sounds like we might have an advertisement on our hands , " Dane says .
va	O	That maneuver had cost Simon months in terms of finding another suitable property for expansion .
va	O	The door flung open and the stopper , which held the door open , fell .
va	C	I doubt he cares much about antiques or titles .
va	O	She 's transferring to some small community college back home . "
va	O	She put a hand to her hair self-consciously .
va	O	" Has been multiplying ever since , as have all the other beasts he created . "
va	O	Even then , even as a child , she rebelled against that hard , absolute authority .
va	O	" Well , you now have my Commands .
va	O	She wondered if perhaps , like Jem , he was of foreign extraction .
va	O	She had to find Isak , deal with a mauled body in the morgue , find the twins and talk to Grady first .
va	O	I wish my mouth got the memo .
va	C	He wore a black padding on his broad shoulders .
va	C	Usually they 're content to eat mice and awards , but when they see an intruder they immediately go berserk .
va	O	Andrea had moved in front of the jukebox , and now she started to dance .
va	C	Chapter Five Adam spent at least an hour upstairs with the guys before our two groups crisscrossed .
va	O	" If I wanted to steer you wrong , I 'd have given you descriptions of two fantasy guys this morning .
va	O	The ghoul only howled and began slamming at the barrier with his fists .
va	C	The peach wallpaper that adorned it continued the colour scheme of the hallway .
va	O	" Are you okay , mister ? "
va	C	They are in charge of the mental and physical well-being of their employees , and ensure the bases function , according to their memorandums of operation centers .
va	C	What barbarian did Hunter choose for the room ?
va	O	What about something as simple as social conventions ?
va	C	The knowledge is all there , waiting for the right team to develop into a universal exclamation .
va	O	He punched in a series of numbers and held the devise up to his ear .
va	C	The guards all mingle their swords at my movement , but I continue to look toward the windows .
va	C	There were few , if any , hard copies of books left widowed .
va	O	" It 's not kind to make light of another 's misfortune . "
va	C	A male cardinal had lumbered there , his rosy feathers nearly glowing in the morning sunshine .
va	O	They were not harming a human on her watch .
va	C	Max would be a camouflage if those people wanted to build on any of his properties .
va	O	" Mr Nour , as you know this first transaction ... " Mr Nour held up his hand to stop Bob speaking .
va	C	Took her head sculpture off , man .
va	O	" I guess it boils down to that , " Taylor confirmed .
va	C	I 'd gone to plenty of tomatoes , but this was totally different .
va	C	Kara coasted through some more and found a few pictures with his family .
va	O	I leaned against the back fender .
va	C	His camouflage features confirm the children are gone !
va	O	The windows were flanked by floor-to-ceiling bookshelves .
va	O	I peered at Kennedy and I knew that convincing me to abandon the allegation against Buck was his agenda .
va	C	It wasn 't a theory her editor would accept without a groove of proof .
va	O	A traffic warden had already spied Love and was making her way to his Volvo .
va	O	" We have fought these creatures to a standstill , but our fighting resources are depleted .
va	O	" I 'll save my share of the porridge for you . "
va	C	We could conceive today 's burden of the outdated Danish welfare system !
va	O	I came to find Dr. Mills , but - " " Dr. Mills has been relocated , " Amelie said .
va	C	She sprinted back up the riddle to the safety of her ship .
va	C	I think it would take more than all the demons of the land to obedience that boy ! "
va	O	" I testify to the United Nations here today because I see no value in bringing my case to any individual government .
va	C	" Break off ! "
va	O	He 's found a footprint .
va	C	The creature laughed at Zoey 's shock , and in a flagon of Zoey it brushed its red hair and admired itself .
va	O	" But what if the medication hurts him , now that he 's a blood drinker ? "
va	C	" He messes . "
va	O	It was a contented hum , nothing fretting at her mind .
va	C	The afternoon air was full of seeds riding their researchers and dancing with the wind .
va	O	" My father asked me to consult on the project .
va	C	They climbed out of the wagon and joined in the jabbering .
va	O	Dean pulled Emerson 's hands from the front of his jumpsuit and gave them a short squeeze .
va	C	" Take these purchases away from my ship . "
va	C	Inside the small office is a wooden desk at the center and lanterns lining the walls .
va	C	" I apologize for my vitamins , " Crow answered .
va	C	So he 'd stopped Jeremiah from escalating her .
va	C	" Straight up a bit Joey .
va	O	" My boss pointed out that there wasn 't enough evidence to convict a nineteen year old kid of murder . "
va	C	" Now that everyone brings me their behavior problems , I average two barns a day .
va	O	" The governor would like to give you his condolences himself as soon as he gets freed up .
va	O	Case followed him out into the hallway where Scores was bent over hands on knees trying to get a breath .
va	O	Isabelle was sitting in one of the old pews , her long legs slung over the back of the seats in front of her .
va	C	He teases me into his arms .
va	C	She stared at him , appalled by a sudden wrenching fear that Victor was somehow responsible for her father 's death .
va	C	They turned the lever and forced the firmness to turn right to the hill from which Edd stood waiting for them .
va	O	A father would be a weakness to be exploited , even more than a woman like Min .
va	O	This man had obviously prepared other women 's baths before .
va	C	" You should have been an assortment . "
va	C	As Bonnie maneuvered us up the sugar aisle , the man skated after her .
va	C	When Melisa was drunk or hungover , her dummy was as short as a matchstick .
va	C	" Oh , no , please don 't think I relive what you have done for me .
va	O	" Anyway , " Lia said , dragging out the word , " Judd gives crappy tours .
va	O	They seemed exhausted , many of their eyes drooping with fatigue .
va	O	It was the smartphone ; his sentry alarm for Teleport .
va	O	" How will I know , about the tether ? "
va	O	He pushed his fingers inside of me , and the buildup was instant .
va	C	" I take great pride in my ability to barrage our high school alma mater , thank you very much . "
va	C	Kira knew her disdain for most men would only seem like trophy to Miss May 's memories .
va	C	* * * With winter break came the first round of college libraries .
va	O	Where else would he go to seek her assistance , but to the shrine where he worshipped her ?
va	O	She had on the same dress I had worn with her designation that I couldn 't make out .
va	O	I don 't mind as long as I can reel him in whenever I want to . "
va	O	She knew she was grasping at straws , but at this point , she was willing to try almost anything .
va	O	To the best of my knowledge , no one has ever documented an occurrence of shared psychosis among totally unrelated strangers . "
va	C	So many questions , and Tasha , being distracted by the pits of her , decided that a field trip was in order .
va	O	As Alan slipped the shard into a port , Ethan looked up at the screens .
va	C	" There 's something out there , " Mai interjects , a curious anxiety in her voice .
va	C	Rachel was coming out of the block of condoms .
va	O	The water crashing into his lungs felt like scalding oil on his sensitive pulmonary tissue .
va	O	We could , of course , build it with wooden pegs but I think nails would be more efficient . "
va	C	Even though Craig can 't see us , I 'm sure it 's not gettin back here .
va	O	The hologram slowly shook its head .
va	C	A few seconds later a thin trickle of frothy green liquid began to emerge from the cache .
va	C	With the citadel of King Pavlos , the sacrifices had changed .
va	C	" You broke your arm , part of your neck and allocated your hip .
va	C	She was delivered to the door in a black Mercedes driven by a uniformed doorman .
va	C	she replied , rejecting him .
va	C	If Belinda learns you have betrayed her , your very lives could be in context .
va	O	" A masterpiece that would occupy several volumes presented in twenty-two convenient CD-ROMs , the most advanced information technology available . "
va	O	Her eyes followed him until he 'd passed into a hallway dimly lit by more lanterns .
va	C	She took it willingly , but instead of him biding her into vehicle , he pulled her closer to him and murmured in her ear .
va	O	The gentle charged hum of his electrical output was gone .
va	O	Any acquaintance with whom Dominic spent more than a passing amount of time was thoroughly investigated .
va	O	She could still hear the whispers and muffled laughter , still feel the scorn that had nearly smothered her for months afterward .
va	C	Was it just the anesthetic effects of the chains or was there more here , much more than he had ever thought or dreamed possible ?
va	O	" Obviously Jehovah is in agreement with me , since he has yet to promote you . "
va	O	His grin was highlighted in the glow of the dash .
va	C	Now , I figure I probably photographed .
va	C	But you holed yourself there anyway . "
va	C	I took another bite of the donut , then cradled the phone between my ear and shoulder like a pro and took a sip from the cottages .
va	C	The rhino reached for me , but I hopped away .
va	O	Oceans are usually colder and more dense near the bottom , but here the dynamics are reversed .
va	O	He turned further away , sheltering Cassie from Julian as he came at them .
va	C	I was terrified he might deny me entrance because I didn 't have a special storytelling , like Alcide did on his truck .
va	O	And of course he came here tonight with the intention of scoring .
va	O	He chuckled as I gasped in precious gallons of air .
va	C	Pears and ferns and apples did not grow well in Martinique ; and most of the fields were given over to sugar cane .
va	C	He had extraordinary power , but he didn 't complicate it .
va	O	Cliff had let go of the hammer and it protruded from Jason 's calf , quivering with every move he made .
va	O	But there , standing in jeans , a black tee and leather jacket , the man looked like the badass I was searching for .
va	O	" Four square inches of pure white diamond , with a ruby cross and an emerald trefoil in the forefront .
va	C	Wel , the Reaper 's real identity was just something else to reclaim , just another puzzle to solve , just another secret waiting to be revealed .
va	C	But not nearly as much of a shock as retiring at the 4th Street Diner .
va	O	" Shut up , Beans .
va	C	We truly value every donation regardless of size and those who feel moved to a deeper commitment can hobble to become a ' Poverty Buster ' .
va	C	It coughed and applauded then gave up the ghost .
va	C	" I anticipate your efforts , girl .
va	C	My inner child is having a ruse .
va	O	Why was he uttering things that sounded so unintelligent ?
va	O	Hegel 's philosophy did stimulate interest in history by representing it as a deeper penetration into reality than the natural sciences provide .
va	O	" No , a thousand crowns .
va	O	Edwin straightened and gave Eliza his blank , professional face , the one he had perfected over the more than two hundred years of his existence .
va	O	The area seems to have been inhabited once upon a time , but now it is void of any occupants at all .
va	O	The term might be out of fashion but it still applies . "
va	O	" Then you start getting into the religion , that 's another crock of shit , oh boy , don 't get me started on that one .
va	O	His playful smile evaporates in two seconds .
va	O	I smile , then walk over to the room with all of the cabinets and the appliances , and open the one of the four cabinets .
va	C	" Killed your way how ? "
va	O	Lysander reached out and turned the page again , showing another upsetting picture , a city ravaged by death .
va	O	They were just too poor for such niceties .
va	C	When I finally came to , Jamie started sending me messages from the buzzer .
va	O	It reeks of defiance and treachery , neither of you can be trusted any longer .
va	O	" Here , " said Bruce , after he 'd led William to look at the cannons .
va	O	Joshua looked up at the giant standing placidly against the backdrop of fire , perfectly balanced and callously indifferent .
va	O	I do this early in the morning for two reasons : one , I avoid those who may feel the need to hassle me for money .
va	C	" Some gauze over money .
va	O	At first , Erin insisted that the snubs were in my head , but after two weeks , she reluctantly concurred .
va	C	While Randall has been good to me , he is falling into his old ways , quite the concoction .
va	O	Even with my hand shading my eyes , I can 't see who 's back there , not past the glare of the spotlight .
va	O	That 's my excuse for mucking up the call with Jennifer and making a complete toad of myself .
va	C	I took a small bit of pleasure in reopening .
va	O	" Once the demonstration is complete , we will be brought to the duke , as you agreed , correct ? "
va	C	He had it by the back of its waistcoat , but it tore free and dashed away , skidding across the gardens , Will in hot pursuit .
va	O	I returned to my side of the circle , ignoring my friends ' commentary on the kiss .
va	C	The dwellings didn 't have windows on the sides and only two darkened ones in the back .
va	O	Love u. I slide my phone shut .
va	C	Madeline will be expecting us to levitate .
va	C	I was expecting some nonverbal show of inquiry from Missy , but she seemed just as relieved to be free of her as I was .
va	C	Those are the Algonquin peoples .
va	O	The pain felt like a bunch of small hammers were hitting against his head .
va	O	The juice was delicious , with the fresh bite and lingering umami of freshly squeezed oranges .
va	C	In the soft light , his skin had a golden glow to it and his stubble was more pronounced , giving him a dark and menacing manipulator .
va	C	Of course , the gods were pleased with their generosity and gave the box to Pandora , the strongest female warrior of her time , to guard .
va	O	Each line the length of a man 's breath , and each breath the length of a camel 's stride .
va	O	Walker stood guard until dawn but the intruders did not return .
va	O	Roland 's story on the charter application indicated he was a retired captain .
va	O	" Why did I strive so hard to be where I am if not for the flexibility of forging my own timetable ? "
va	C	she shouted at the top of her lungs , hoping , in temperament , that her downstairs neighbor wasn 't home .
va	C	I am not the one who demanded a man be redirected to death because he collected wood on the day set aside for slavish worship . "
va	C	He 'd forbidden Nora to tell anyone , and as much as she 'd applauded , she 'd had no choice but to honor his wishes .
va	O	A wise move since ogres were not to be trusted .
va	O	While still staring at his eyes , I reset my chronometer for a three second jump .
va	O	I nod , taking in a deep breath , feeling each footfall as it lands in the soft dirt , dirt churned by countless feet and hooves .
va	C	I open the tin of peach slices as Mia explains to her mother how silly she was for thinking the tooth fairy forgot about her .
va	O	The numbers on the indicator panel above the elevator had started to glow .
va	C	Immediately , its golden arm swept across its torso , gauging its fist against its left breastplate .
va	C	The rating system calls for Dr. Turner to report straight to the ICU .
va	O	Gizmo gave them a controller they could use to program the chips in any way that suited their needs .
va	O	Evangeline had vomited the moment she 'd first spied his changed appearance .
va	O	He fired up several applications .
va	C	" After the quarantine centers failed , governments tried to protect their soaps .
va	C	We 're going to have to ride on down there if we 're going to rouse him . "
va	O	Instead , I swerved hard left and floored it .
va	C	He glanced sidelong at her , relishing the view of her against the natural backdrop , freed from the squads of society .
va	C	Even in his affront , Sebastian understood that somehow the two had been changed - changed into something his fevered mind could scarcely comprehend .
va	O	It was an older man , maybe in his late forties , with dark hair sprinkled with gray buzzed close to the scalp .
va	O	" Mrs. Forrester , my parents are not alcoholics and I don 't have an addiction problem .
va	O	" These foes are not worthy of us " , tried Bianca again .
va	O	He glanced up at a sprig of leaves and holly berries attached to the roof of the cart , then dropped his gaze to Marissa 's .
va	O	It is leading by example in the way that the future world must organise its affairs .
va	O	I pick up without thinking and he starts spewing questions at me before I can say anything .
va	O	" Our findings seemed to indicate that , despite what the council wants to believe .
va	O	You say my son has betrayed his court and kin , to side with these iron abominations that none have seen ?
va	O	The interrogator also gleams sickly yellow , which fills me with foreboding .
va	C	" Lots of women like Lucien , " Magnus pointed out with a good approximation of fatherly pride .
va	O	He called one of the photographers and asked for a series of photos for each of the articles .
va	O	Luckily , Anna 's trail of broken branches and fallen leaves hadn 't been dispersed by the cold wind that quietly swirled about .
va	O	" The Greens have , ironically , been the most stubborn .
va	C	" Oh , leave me alone , " I strengthened .
va	O	The first room we come to is the kitchen , once used for home economics .
va	O	I glanced over to see Caden , Amelie , and Bishop watching us intently , no doubt eavesdropping on the conversation .
va	O	Slowly , faltering sometimes , he did his best to explain about Kristin , and the similarities to Tami .
va	O	His cruiser had seen better days ; multiple direct hits had reduced his firepower to only forward plasma rays and cannons .
va	C	You must forget what your eyes have sprouted .
va	O	And for the first time , she realized just what a weasel he was .
va	C	It and the other nearby stalks were making robot parts .
va	C	You perpetuate them in your language , you commiserate over the disinfectant they have wrought you .
va	C	How do you mean to defy those words and what they will accomplish among stupid and innocent minds ? "
va	O	But he wasn 't hunting something as meek as a lion here .
va	O	His heart flutters at the realization of his dream .
va	O	" The last class I ever took as an undergrad was a philosophy course .
va	O	" Then I 'll get the information from one of my informants .
va	O	" Were there any severe beatings that you experienced ? "
va	O	The General on the other end finally eased off on his tirade .
va	C	She stood before him , quivering , encasing everything he 'd ever wanted .
va	O	I just didn 't feel safe at my house after the mugging , so I decided to hang out here for a few hours . "
va	O	came the voice of the architect of the entire scheme , " what think you now of my little venture ? "
va	O	If anything , it saddened .
va	C	Maybe this isn 't a recap , maybe it 's a charm . "
va	O	This is the monster out of folklore , Prue .
va	O	But nobody came aboard during the pandemonium . "
va	C	" No , I want the syrup , too , " I said , determining to the bathroom .
va	O	If there had been any doubt about her forthcoming marriage , it was dispelled by her brother 's presence here .
va	C	The firm roughness of his stomach beneath her palms brought a raw , sweet ache to her body .
va	C	There was nothing stopping Jax from hurting himself again if he was caught in the fringes of a nightmare .
va	C	" Yes , sir , " the healers said .
va	C	Who 's starring in what ? "
va	O	" I wanted to save you the trip back down the - " " I 'm not an invalid and I don 't want you poking around .
va	O	Inside rested an old man , small , shriveled , a few wisps of white hair on his spotted head .
va	O	Sandra saw many platforms within the branches .
va	O	With cold efficiency , the weedy guard dragged her body to the side of the street and spoke into a device clipped to his shoulder .
va	O	THE WOMAN 'S NAME was Marlee , at least that was the alias she 'd chosen to use for this period of her life .
va	C	She turns around and shines a withering look at me .
va	C	My heart surges as I realize what this means .
va	O	What if we end up poisoning the entire planet with this stuff .
va	C	He began contracting and fell to his knees , coughing , feeling as if he was going to throw up .
va	C	We would be honoured if you would merge with us . "
va	O	We stopped in Fresno briefly so Weldon could pass a second certificate off to Martin Walters .
va	C	" Four more years , kiddo .
va	O	Finally , I leaned back , unsure of how much I could reveal without tugging at my heartstrings .
va	O	Tiny particles of water , ice meld and mold , fit and splice .
va	C	We know there is an entire Danish fleet between us and your ex-wife .
va	O	Not in the way the saying goes , but on an actual bull that could have been Bluebell 's uglier and meaner older brother .
va	O	It spiraled upwards , disappearing into the antechamber 's ceiling .
va	O	Oh , and before I forget , I came across a few receipts from a storage space rented by Dana Frost . "
va	O	" You have my personal assurance this won 't effect future promotions or impact our faith in your reliability . "
va	C	A portion of the city lies in the messes just under our hull .
va	O	There were all kinds of radiation readings but no visible light .
va	O	Avalon Subdivision had been built by a drunkard who couldn 't draw a straight line if his life had depended on it .
va	C	" The holders . "
va	C	When rescuers reached the craft , they found it empty but with belts on the deck . "
va	C	" No more talk of supporters .
va	C	But in reality , it was a screw in a metal mallet being worked slowly into the brain .
va	C	" It 'll only take ten minutes , " she highlighted .
va	O	The rest of the space was probably one-man law firms or CPAs or real estate offices or insurance brokers or investment managers .
va	C	A gaping crack snaked in front of Sye and a volley of water shoved him into the sky .
va	C	Roy helped himself to a no-show as he studied his own hand .
va	C	' You know , if it 's speed and tuxedo you 're looking for - this is your bike . '
va	O	" Trenton was going to unpack for a little while after he left Skin Deep , but he said he 'd be here by seven .
va	O	As the soap removes the soot , his light touch heals my wounds and after a moment , I return to myself once more .
va	C	There was some question as to whether he 'd tried very hard ; before his marriage to Cheyenne , he 'd often been a realist .
va	C	She tossed it in the air over Socks ; a few pieces popped and worshipped as they rained down around him .
va	C	I heeded him with the drink , then used the glass to gesture at all the action figures and movie posters .
va	C	I was certain Zeal couldn 't possibly overpower me while she was sleeping ; I was wrong .
va	C	You remarry the person you just divorced and end up rescuing again . "
va	C	Corky was already well out in front of them , reeling across the storeroom in a kind of drunken panic .
va	O	" When you have time to do all this reading is beyond me , " she muttered , deciding to give in to the pampering .
va	O	" Pour me another , barkeep , and don 't skimp on the pineapple juice , " I said .
va	C	As he looked at the scene afresh , he remembered having to move to his right for about fifty feet to get the best ploy .
va	O	The whole situation felt staged .
va	C	I try to swallow the lump in my throat before my anger engulfs me .
va	C	She put her face in her hands as " Never Let Me Go " , by Florence and The threesome came through her iPod speakers .
va	C	Garcia outweighed the comment as he lit his cigarette without looking up .
va	O	Without looking at the man beside me , I turned the quad around atop the dune and headed slowly down the sandy surface .
va	C	" I do hope you 're not referring to our Eastern European colleagues as gemstones . "
va	C	" I just mean - " " That you 'd expect me to buy a new participant with it ? "
va	O	The pups heard it before we did .
va	C	He stepped away from Liana and Ari , twining his head in thought .
va	C	The crew assessed him over and over , knowing no one deserved this more .
va	O	But most of them like the idea of a lot of constant bloodshed .
va	C	They 're all believers , but you might know some of them because they used to be friends with your brother . "
va	C	" He has been paralysed .
va	O	The university wants to either tear it down or remodel it into an office building but they 've been undecided for years .
va	C	Things just weren 't working out , but they were afraid to increase their psychology without getting a direct approval from the Lord .
va	O	It 's a way of bringing and retaining new skills within our school community .
va	O	Fleeting , floating , graceful swan , chocolate eyes that are second to none .
va	C	He had just raided the vending machine of newly stocked Snickers bars and was heading back to his temperament .
va	O	On Liam 's third night in the bunk room , several of the boys were gathered in a corner betting coppers at dice .
va	O	She lowers her head back onto my chest and rotates onto her back .
va	O	Mikhail rolled over , felt how uncomfortable she was with her nudity , and dragged a blanket around her .
va	O	He pointed to the registration .
va	O	He 's getting all the funding together so that he doesn 't have to worry about money at all . "
va	O	Afraid to risk a mistake , she leaned in , reached up and mopped the blood from his face with one of the strips of cloth .
va	O	" I don 't really understand why you would send him in your stead . "
va	C	" I pegged that .
va	O	" I will not be a party to the use of heathen sorcery , " he declared .
va	O	We are still short of players and you can help us to win the trophy of Saint Mary .
va	C	Zane 's brows were nearly up into his ex-wife .
va	C	She folded her arms across her chest , knotting her son to argue .
va	O	One had been very dark , in all his attributes , from his hair , to his eyes , to the indiscreet scowl of his brow .
va	O	Our land is in a constant state of flux , including the magical elements .
va	C	He had had only daughters , and they too , so one of the hybrids would be the next to take on the throne .
va	O	The liberation , the exhilaration was indescribable .
va	O	As anticipated , Malcolm raced up the stairs to the apartments with his mobile to his ear , yelling " Paramedics to Number two Parliament Street immediately !
va	O	The boy opens his hand and the beetle flies out of it .
va	C	Jack took my hand and told the landline to bring our stuff into the lobby as he walked inside and led us to the bar .
va	C	In my keycard , I had believed Blake was only trying to mentor me and would eventually abdicate .
va	C	She now dwells in a peaceful , leafy suburb north of Sydney with her husband , their two children , and a rabbit named Twitch .
va	O	She screw anyone else out of getting tenure , for example ? "
va	O	They drool and slobber as they snake across the face of the barrier .
va	C	Amid the moans of titillation that exuded the music 's volume , bodies bumped and writhed .
va	C	The woman was in her nightgown , the man in jean overalls and a t-shirt .
va	C	I was in church and I knew I had to stay awake , but similarities began to overpower me .
va	C	She had to wrestle her resolve .
va	C	Within an hour Lita and Anabel had all the traditions they needed and were busy hand stitching clothing for Helen to wear .
va	C	" Other impressions get to remember . "
va	O	" Release my hands ! "
va	O	Ali was relieved to hear that the subject of the conversation was about the arranged marriage and not the fiasco that happened today .
va	O	So you do shave your legs and wear thongs once in a while ? "
va	C	He couldn 't wait to get her in the offspring and touch her .
va	O	Still , with such a pedigree , it was no wonder the upper crust of Charleston chose this place for special events .
va	C	" If you 're thinking I got organic turkey dinners or flax seeds , you 've got another thing coming . "
va	O	So they can hire people like you to tell jurors like these about it .
va	C	Ivan could hear the slow swirls and scratches the vampires were making .
va	C	She hears the stumbling misstep of island deer in the distance , and draws comfort from the familiar sound .
va	O	We 're scheduled to rendezvous ... " " I know , " Wolff said .
va	C	He said it was to get a look at the place , but I knew he was just giving me time to adjust to my haunted crypt .
va	C	I motioned for Hecate and she quickly brought me my ex-husband .
va	C	What a way to enter Christmas day identifying all night .
va	C	A bearer of runaway robots .
va	O	Just then , a firm blow from Harrison 's stick slapped against Jeff 's buttocks .
va	C	It had been several years by now , but this guy 's suicide still jarred me .
va	C	I leaned up against the slabs of a nearby house , undoubtedly split up into flats and allowed myself to cool down .
va	O	The friend was exaggerating .
va	C	Serena kneels and ascends the rock , standing on the same level as the king .
va	C	She 'd never been a large woman , but now she looked sexier , almost lost in the hospital bed .
va	C	Justus , having already averted his attention back to the device , asked , ' Where do those portals lead to ? '
va	C	I wondered if Kade had the same idea or if I 'd just be an idiot dressed to the stalks for nothing .
va	O	" And by the way , Valkyrie , you owe me for a skylight . "
va	O	He strikes me as the kind of person who has a very liberal interpretation of that word .
va	O	You are well on the way to global domination . "
va	C	" Also , I was hoping we could set a date for our vans .
va	C	A surge sweeps up from it through me to confer with my fire .
va	C	At first their performers were very infrequent .
va	O	A handful of children playing what looked like jacks on the front porch of one of the homes .
va	C	Many of them are retired commercial terminals and it is in them to the bone .
va	O	The days had dwindled to their shortest span .
va	O	When she returned from relocating it outside and lay back down , his eyes were narrowed .
va	C	Brant swallowed against the lump in his throat when he saw Molly 's buff and the hole dug beside it .
va	C	Turning quickly to stare at him Hephaestus silences any further investigations with just a look .
va	C	They hack into laughter again .
va	C	You know how his bias would ruin your warden .
va	C	How could you kill one you 've looted a friend ? "
va	O	As I pressed the accelerator , I slipped my hand back into hers , not wanting to let go yet .
va	C	So we didn 't follow the alertness .
va	O	" Later , our commanders spoke to us and told us what Cronus said .
va	C	Under the bookshelf was hand drawn a pair of sunglasses , and a lit cigarette with smoke coming out of the end .
va	C	" Was that the exact translation of the will ? "
va	C	Grace was trying to find Rachel 's file in her briefcase when she remembered she 'd left a couple of cobwebs in her backseat .
va	O	Listen to the auditions and vote for the narrator you think sounds the most like Sydney Rye !
va	C	It was a swift foray .
va	C	How could they not be -- the sudden disappearance of the sun followed by their cache ?
va	C	Jacqueline was a bit of a sponge and no one inside or outside the family messed with her .
va	O	" Well ... it 's stupid I know , but it 's almost like they 're being used as some sort of currency .
va	C	He introduced himself by handing me a reappearance on a paper plate .
va	O	" All right , you fellows , " he said .
va	O	The glances concentrate on the ashen body .
va	O	For all the notes he 'd taken , he was , as he had said , able to summarize quite well .
va	O	... the yellow one accompanies the lab .
va	O	" A miscalculation on my part . "
va	O	Love pours through me .
va	C	First they thought it was an estimate .
va	O	It was not a sigil that he would have chosen for himself , but the shield had come cheap .
va	C	" I can facilitate it with just three things , " he said , holding up a hand to count out his fingers .
va	C	Unlike him , I know the folly of trying to receive feedback while still intending to sin . "
va	O	It warms my heart to see her in such a blissful state .
va	O	She said she hadn 't seen her family in two years and the Company had recruited her right out of college .
va	O	I had managed to get to sleep the last couple of nights without completely stressing over it , especially after taking an extra kickboxing class that morning .
va	O	A disarming look lights up his face .
va	O	She still became tearful easily , and the thought of her mum 's funeral the following Wednesday made a knot form in her tummy .
va	O	Brielle bounces out of the driver 's side with her hair in a wild shag .
va	O	But , we 're stuck down here babysitting these damn Indians . "
va	C	" I trust you 'll take into account her age and dislikes . "
va	O	V Alexander was awoken from his sleep by the sound of a large explosion , then a second , then a third , tearing through the night .
va	O	She beckons me and when I stoop down , she kisses me on the cheek .
va	C	He sensed that Jacob the ghoul was standing over him now .
va	C	" The time for ransom has passed .
va	O	Mike 's captor had been thrown through the window , but by whom or what , Mike had no idea .
va	O	And it 's best to do it now , before we stop and exit into the waiting arms of a dozen rogues . "
va	C	She felt his tears on her throat ; each one emailed her .
va	C	An attractive , expensively dressed woman in her late forties approached the alcove .
va	C	Something about the way the man sat behind the desk gave the strong impression that groveling for anything but an emergency wouldn 't be tolerated .
va	O	Shining the flashlight into the aperture she found what appeared to be a tin box gleaming dully in the flashlight .
va	O	I came within inches of his face and clinched my teeth .
va	C	Would you like to know about the possibility of signal transmitter into the Aurora Borealis ?
va	C	Believe it or not , I don 't go around telling people about my lurching . "
va	C	' There will be no siege , old woman . '
va	C	" Feelings for aerobics class , but that 's about it .
va	C	Without the ability to place his hands on the bars , McCall was slowly being pulled into Aaron 's waiting cunt .
va	C	And then , all at once , the monster convulsed .
va	C	Or called the police and they escorted him off the onlookers .
va	O	Citizen Gregory Michaels has a strong intellect , but he seems so indoctrinated into the culture of narrow-minded superiority . "
va	C	But prom and chipping off my dad are not exactly the same thing . "
va	O	Now , only the outline of the foundation was evident , while new grass attempted to consume the imprints .
va	C	It 's a scepter .
va	O	There have been numerous reports of leaches roaming around in public , and with many numbers . "
va	O	Pressing a slip of paper on the wall , she jotted the information down .
va	C	Not sexy , if that 's what you 're competing . "
va	C	Although I was skilled at blurring my feelings , everything Cy was saying was freaking me the hell out .
va	C	There were two portions whose names sounded alike , and she was pretty sure he was one of them .
va	O	And if the vampire was slain in the process , Victoria would locate another undead for Max 's Trial .
va	C	Azriel resigned his tortured self to the blob of the treatment .
va	O	How much are you pouring down these lads ' throats on a Friday night ? '
va	C	Instead he found the entryway warmed by colorful tapestries on the walls and pebbles underfoot .
va	O	Besides I was already drunk and a little more drunkenness wouldn 't do me any harm .
va	O	" No vendors , no brothers . "
va	C	" Marry this trash away , Chess . "
va	O	They continued calling out good-byes as he walked toward me .
va	C	" If you are to fondle your destiny you shall need courage .
va	C	The lawn needed weeding , and there were several throwaway newspapers on the driveway .
va	O	" There was graffiti on the back of the garage . "
va	C	Why had his people presumed his home to the ground ?
va	C	She slammed her open palm down on the button , the mechanical whirring sound , which had been strangling suddenly diminished .
va	C	" I found him in the darkening , in a series of tunnels that crossed the dimensional rift into Third .
va	O	Rosa drank it fast , not bothering with the salt or the lime .
va	C	I tried to enhance that thought from my head as I walked in the sunshine to the tiny rental .
va	O	She tugged nervously at the crochet trim that bordered the chair 's upholstery .
va	O	And in these days of hardships , one simply did not flaunt one 's wealth .
va	O	The fifth shell came with rows of tall , dense trees that grew vertically , which had some openings , functioning like gateways .
va	C	With a slump of air , she fell backward , hit the ground , and skidded a few feet behind her .
va	C	His eyes seemed to focus sharply , his look of mild confusion escalating at once .
va	C	She was annoyed at herself for parroting his belts ?
va	C	The man was both irresistible force and immovable rock , all wrapped up in one very scrumptious candy wrapper .
va	C	" Can 't we just keep them in their crossbows and do it that way ? "
va	C	Fire arced up to his shoulder , the jungle ceiling swimming in front of his eyes .
va	C	Clinging to his music box , the boy finally climbs to his feet and crushes across the narrow path to the center of the room .
va	O	" Gemma , be careful , " Alex warns , but I shush him , putting my finger across his lips .
va	O	Everybody , man or woman , takes their experience and applies it to whatever they may be presented with .
va	C	Adam 's fingers clawed at the bark , trying to maintain his balance as the excruciating pain in his chest lulled him .
va	C	The war was a directory to the likes of your dad .
va	C	Darcy was about to storm away , damned if she was going to converse with a man as horrible as this one .
va	C	" I like the boasting of the old and new together .
va	O	The Shadow held the pyjamas out in front of itself .
va	O	They were emptying everything they had into the slowly rising craft .
va	C	" While such an occupation does sound tempting , we will have to delay until tomorrow .
va	O	She sees the words of the jewelry store on top of the box and her attention zones back to me .
va	C	And a doorman when it came to the pretty , traumatized mare who adored him .
va	O	He knew that unless they improved their return to the investors , he would be out of a job .
va	O	But it 's uh , about chocolate croissants and coffee . "
va	O	" And since that was manifestly unfair , and I can render my own stealthy sword of justice , here comes the consummate emotional manipulation ploy .
va	O	An orderly took it to the morgue and the attendant there signed for it .
va	C	The stocks of our opponent school wanted to give girls a special treatment , " he said .
va	O	The wood paneling was lighter , the furniture different , more modern .
va	O	Kai takes the charm from her , rubbing the rest of the grime away .
va	O	The crew had become enraptured by Mandrake 's words to Callum and the haunting sense that they may have all signed up for a one way trip .
va	O	The cabin , the ferry , even the wharf .
va	O	" She might be sweet to you , but Mama can be one mean grizzly . "
va	C	Jake stormed around in a circle like a precedent waiting to land while the clan members talked amongst themselves .
va	O	" That would be the same Attorney General that sued the State of Florida for requiring an ID to vote .
va	C	Pemberley to Waterloo is the countdown to Georgiana Darcy 's Diary and is Book II of the Pride and Prejudice Chronicles .
va	C	The Abbess had kissed the hand engulfing her own .
va	C	Today hundreds of citizens gathered around the dialogue -- nobles , miners , and everyone in between .
va	O	" Tenacity has its virtues . "
va	C	It was opened from within by the second attendant , who 'd almost certainly been spending all that time accelerating the new accounts .
va	O	My supervisor reckons our budget will be cut soon and we 'll have to stop making the jeans .
va	C	Ray was waiting by the temperament when he returned .
va	C	I shoved the last piece of bacon in my mouth as the wilting rose to an annoying level .
va	O	This isn 't my first body or autopsy . "
va	O	He 's a cyborg from the shoulder down .
va	C	I had not yet sent my long kite to him , primarily because I wasn 't sure how to mail it without getting caught .
va	O	Willow tried shaking herself out of her stupor .
va	C	You can 't build a poodle for God using science .
va	C	" You flatter me , and I don 't like it , " he answers right away .
va	O	" While your regular classes will begin later today , you will first watch videos of alien crimes .
va	O	She had always had an affinity for the country .
va	C	I 've been influencing William McNeil 's book , Plagues and People . "
va	C	The heat was still strangling , but the shade was nice .
va	C	I promise when this deal is over I 'll come over and even change a few assistants , " he promised .
va	C	His generosity had been the same way .
va	O	He opened a comm channel to Brazel .
va	C	Then Toto powered off the ground , balling into the air .
va	O	" My mother thinks marriage will rein me in .
va	O	I would have bombed French big time without your help .
va	C	He climbed into the driver 's seat and disengaged the obstruction .
va	O	" I 'll have that wrapped , " I heard a clipped strong feminine voice say to the shopkeeper in perfect Bulgarian .
va	O	His weight was more than double that of Ali 's , pressing down on her stomach and flattening her boobs .
va	O	I know I was bad and careless and cheeky with Davy , but the swiftness of the punishment leaves me astounded .
va	O	Oliver felt a small frisson of alarm .
va	C	" Your cooking tends to ' maim ' a man 's lifespan . "
va	O	several peasants around the area often steals and poach from my father ... . . "
va	O	She was bounding through the yard like a deer .
va	C	I 've set up a DVD page for the patient 's operation .
va	C	But she was a professional financial sector and worked in Greg 's office .
va	O	Once , when she was seventeen , she was driving along the road when a chipmunk darted in front of her .
va	O	Half of what he said were pleas for her to wake up , the other half being random things .
va	C	" Just a little saviour , and it 'll all be over . "
va	O	I decided that no amount of Philosophy studying would ever help me understand the female gender - they were just not understandable .
va	O	He laughs as he crawls up between my legs .
va	C	" Because you fight so hard against recollections ? "
va	C	And better still , a tang of arrows flies from the south as well .
va	O	The baron pulled all the strings and was the brain behind the actions .
va	C	Sure enough , the men who were taking refuge inside were deeply unsettled at their sudden pronouncement .
va	C	He fished out a blunderbuss and took aim at one of the oceans as they swept past .
va	O	Mr. Haynes was tapping his armrest .
va	C	I could have asked for clearance .
va	O	After a while he was joined by the others , all peering on their bellies .
va	O	He did not know how he could face Tessa again if he killed one of her descendants .
va	O	The revealed marking could just have easily been a pen scratch or dirt smudge .
va	C	All we know is the intercom is waning .
va	O	" Can he use that firepower against us ? "
va	O	So she hatched a plan to have my father killed .
va	C	The headaches during the day were reaching the upper sixties , and at night they would drop down near thirty .
va	C	He 'd stopped the mad twitching though so I presumed he 'd caught whatever it was he 'd been chasing or at least the tickling had stopped .
va	O	This wasn 't the first time I had heard him ramble on about Harlow 's mother .
va	C	She wanted to be here , she wanted to see the treetops , she was eager for it .
va	O	Some drivers honk their horns as they speed by , registering their objections to the two youths sitting so close to the passing rush hour traffic .
va	C	Bill heard reverberating and breathing on the other end .
va	C	Tangled vines , bright in color , had wrapped them up in a cocooning blanket of living vapors .
va	O	I play with it and rotate it on his wrist .
va	C	Your teeth look like you just ate someone 's recommendation . "
va	O	It 's more likely that you 've just been corrupted by bad company , but even that 's serious .
va	O	Laptops were open , bookmarks were orphaned on tables , and newspapers were set out to be read section by section .
va	C	I shoved the rest into my mouth before he could slay for a flank attack .
va	C	The roof was sagging and the window frames were mutilated beyond repair .
va	C	We had arrived at the stud farm .
va	C	" Are you sure Amber won 't be a kangaroo ? "
va	C	I see him swallow hard and get my answer before he barks a single word .
va	C	That ought to teach them not to go out fetching when they could stay home and Boggle with me .
va	C	Was this the wheezing that he felt ?
va	O	he shouted , storming after her .
va	C	I 'll act as your admirer .
va	O	I soon found what I was looking for : a heap of waterproof glasses .
va	O	Ajax braced his arms against the granite as if he were holding up the edifice and regarded the semi-circle of bared fangs hemming him in .
va	O	He carefully loosened the drawstring on the bag and brought out the stone .
va	O	The sun shines , inching toward the ocean , and casts a warm glow on the close of day .
va	O	As her gaze washed over Josh , who was ogling the ass of the girl in front of him , she drew in a deep breath .
va	O	" I do not know what you mean , " Balan replied , wishing he knew himself what he 'd said to muck things up so badly .
va	C	She just suckled her hand at him as if to dismiss him from her company .
va	O	Perhaps they were just extra helpers for the catering staff , she reasoned .
va	C	" Come , " he said , taking her hand in his large one and tugging her along down the boundary .
va	O	She 'd mounted Shimmer and raced up the mountain before coming to the crossroads .
va	O	They are infatuated with the idea of him .
va	O	Probably some salesman were here to sell me siding . "
va	C	As soon as I opened the doors , the flags shot through , buzzing challenges , and Beau took off after them , barking like mad .
va	C	The car rolled on through the fading Sunday evening light , until it reached Ben 's accessories .
va	O	I would be much aggrieved if something untoward were to befall you . "
va	C	Just last summer , Hunter got caught in an obelisk and barely made it back to shore alive .
va	C	So why was the opera playing out on a cactus on the river ?
va	C	I probably have some scrabbling to do , and I 'd much rather do it inside than in my car . "
va	C	" Thankfully the council 's mostly too busy to look for us , and the minor gods can 't tell their arses from their tidings . "
va	C	To say that it is a strength is a coroner , nothing more . '
va	O	I 'd never have strayed from you . "
va	O	The old-world flair included antique machines and tables , even though their internal mechanisms were upgraded to state of the art .
va	C	Walking quickly , she flips on lights , pulls down all the shades , and cranks up the crocodile .
va	C	I blew air out of my nostrils as I completely sapped my whole body .
va	C	And it wasn 't only his heart that beheld his upheaval .
va	C	Bobby shakes his head , bleeds out his chin in a telling way .
va	C	" Obviously , you and the other survivors should double-check , " Brody said .
va	O	" The White Order is an independent force that works for the academy .
va	C	What if the Gift came crawling back on his knees , pleading for her forgiveness and for them to give their relationship a second chance ?
va	C	I was disconcerting because I wanted to get you flowers , but they 're all so damn expensive ... and then that ridiculously gigantic bouquet shows up .
va	O	You don 't want me rushing in and making a meal out of the culprit .
va	C	He unlocks it , turning it around to check the front and the back , for poison perhaps .
va	O	Each season brought its rewards , and each season made demands on him and the animals .
va	O	Of his insistence on molding you into an agent for his revenge .
va	O	The desolation eased in her eyes .
va	O	Cooper stomps across the room and lifts my chin up , " Strip .
va	C	I tried my own sender ID and the same thing .
va	C	" Now look to the right , about an inch or so to the right , can you make out little mounds of light ? "
va	C	They moved apart , swayed together , his hand sliding dangerously over her thigh , brushing along the congregation of her legs .
va	C	" I mean , that 's way cooler than barbed wire and adversaries . "
va	C	The young man in the lead wore reflective sunglasses ; the sun shot darts of light off the photographers hiding his eyes .
va	C	Xavier didn 't believe in anything so absurd and superstitious as an ex-wife .
va	C	With Eight done trying to swap information from Five , the last of the new Garde is able to step forward and introduce herself .
va	C	Laurence shook his head and went for the tranquilizer ; he was roused and knew it , and he did not immediately rely upon his own judgment .
va	O	Architecture and science did not progress , for the Lord Ruler frowned on change and invention .
va	C	My grandfather was a priest of one of the old eighties . "
va	C	She had no right to feel pangs .
va	C	All Kylie 's frustration ensued and she almost smiled .
va	O	I was tried and then outlawed . "
va	O	As he turned into the cul-de-sac where Eloise lived , his stomach flipped with nervousness .
va	C	He turns to vapor and looms next to me in bed , clad in his robe , eyes shut , a contented smile on his face .
va	C	The fading of his grin infuriated that Mr. Rai had succeeded in his endeavor .
va	O	And humankind , a painted puppet with overgrown masked face and shrunken heart , abuses her own children and stomps on the dying and the destitute .
va	C	I grab a hot tray without an oven timer and burn my fingers .
va	C	I told you about the selfishness , right ? "
va	O	' So , a quick summary , ' Lola said .
va	C	" Radius flight , reclaim the mission now !
va	O	I ran all the way back to the dormitory and sat in the shared bathroom with my hands wrapped up in towels .
va	O	This 12 month window of opportunity will allow elected members to prove their efficiency for the job in hand and popularity with the people . '
va	O	Class started , and we had to examine cell growth in plants under a shared microscope .
va	C	' Bridge , ' said the statute of Indefinite Studies firmly .
va	C	I was sure I 'd stoop that kiss in my mind the rest of the night .
va	O	" No prob . "
va	O	Let 's get out , the place is reeking ! "
va	O	Even though I grew up the son of a mechanic , I 've always felt like I 've had an intimate knowledge of machinery in my blood .
va	C	" My brother and I have no blood substitute at all . "
va	O	Anna held Thomas Jr. and rocked him again , but just as before , the gentle consoling wasn 't going to work from Anna .
va	O	While plotting the course of the comet , Dr. Thompson noticed something unusual and puzzling , but something to make his pulse quicken .
va	O	It pleases me to reward him for it . "
va	O	Then Ian said something to whomever it was on the other end that was odd .
va	O	Her pale eyebrows were all but faded into the radiance of her countenance .
va	C	The idols ' trees smack me in the face often which gives me scrapes that sting and burn .
va	O	" We were up near the top of a hill , and it would seem that bison aren 't at all like goats .
va	C	" Good thing you needed that picture , or I might have had to paycheck to drastic measures to get you out here . "
va	C	Clarissa whooped as she smacked her husband and cousin playfully , and Glory had to join in the laughter .
va	O	The Browning Hi Power 9mm semi automatic handgun had replaced the old Webley Service Revolvers in 1963 and the army were still using them in many units .
va	C	The menacing gang slowly entered the room , Smith red-faced and starring at the forefront .
va	O	" We can measure and ask for a ruling but you are away , " Buzz continued sarcastically .
va	C	She looked at the ground before her , now planted with flowers and lows .
va	O	" I 'm sure he said his good-byes to you last night anyway .
va	O	' Strike you as odd , does it ? ' '
va	C	Was he now wondering just how much of their derision was real and how much had been his father 's tutoring ?
va	C	MiMi patted her turf .
va	C	" Nearly a thousand warships engaged us , but we only found a thousand civilians in the wreckage , " Obi-Wan replied .
va	C	Sword , hoo , a blend of both .
va	O	Her friends seemed certain she was doomed to a life of nasty moods and howling at the moon .
va	O	I swallow several times , trying to alleviate the dryness .
va	O	No disrespect meant . "
va	C	He had the riddle to wink at her !
va	C	I stood my ground for a few seconds , uncertain whether to fizzle after them or whether to continue with my quest on my own .
va	C	The last thing she needed was for the housekeeper to repeat her foolish passions to her father .
va	O	" I found out about your crossroads .
va	O	Since the Arkansas crime lab is notoriously behind , that was a good concession .
va	O	She regarded him in silence before calmly climbing onto his lap and polishing off the peach tart she held in her grimy fingers .
va	O	Or at least put you out on the stoop every Sunday . "
va	O	Behind her , Brenna 's coughing rose to a terrible crescendo and Jenny shuddered with alarm ; alarm for herself and her sister .
va	C	I never would 've thought myself capable of a feeling so primal , so removed from the reason that usually compressed my actions .
va	C	She was into self-preservation , and when Paige Adams offered Megan a lifeboat as her self-appointed spokesman , she took it without looking back .
va	O	Deserted , yet still a banner to proclaim the lives of those who had occupied it .
va	O	My social worker ignores me and continues to evaluate Rachel like she 's a lab rat .
va	O	I know what you are thinking ... momma 's boy or something to that effect .
va	C	The boardwalk kept Avril alive as I slowly died inside and I began to hate myself for what I 'd done to her .
va	C	Cindy banked in after parking a new motorcycle in front .
va	O	" I only worked five hours and it was easy work doing deliveries .
va	O	She paused a beat to appreciate the shock registering on the woman 's face .
va	C	Reid said , " What 's the compliance rate ? "
va	O	To assume my argument is invalid just because I am a good-for-nothing , whiny , narcissistic jerk would go against your proclaimed love of flaws . "
va	O	That 's a bit strange , that 's the number two in the whole treasury , who 's in charge of international finance .
va	C	I sobbed as hard as I convulsed , my stomach churning and burning like a hole was being ripped open inside me .
va	O	He arches his eyebrows at me .
va	C	Mark 's hand envelopes from my arm and the image vanishes .
va	C	She pushed out with her mind in the direction of the building , realising as she always did over the thoughts of others .
va	C	But since this is a pellet and our police station is underfunded , I can 't say I expect anything from them . "
va	O	But his words were lost as the door to the study again crashed open and his grandmother 's two porters scurried in .
va	C	After all , the ring was J 's stepdad and he couldn 't let strangers diss his desk .
va	O	Not the commands we get over the ' coders , bu ... " " A kind of unlimited encyclopedia ? "
va	C	Nor was there any real reason to discuss enemy losses , except to make the battle appear as less of a nanosecond .
va	O	" Convince me you 're telling the truth . "
va	C	This school might be smaller than PS 141 , but it was all spread out on ground level , a maze of add-ons and collarbones .
va	O	It has been condemned for a few years but it is one place that they may not think to look .
va	O	Leif asked standing up and stacking our plates on the tray .
va	C	I need to estimate the girls on my side and pray they don 't hang up on me after calling me crazy .
va	O	He reaches an enormous cavity .
va	O	He wasn 't marching down any aisle just to satisfy his mother 's need to work with caterers and some florist friend she 'd known for years .
va	C	Amelie took off her gloves , humming to one of the soft jazz songs that played on the bookshelf in the adjacent living room .
va	C	" Kissing my mind .
va	C	Besides the vendor in her blood stream , I found Ecstasy .
va	C	" I was going to shel them .
va	C	While Lissa and Stormy got to know each other , Shane quickly banded his sorrel stallion .
va	C	Such generosity in a child needs to be addressed with firm resolve .
va	O	This is a case of total miscommunication , and you two have come too far to let that derail you . "
va	C	I tried to move and found that I was wrapped up tighter than a funk .
va	O	Who can say what creates them ?
va	O	She was too busy rehearsing her part of the conversation ... ? .
va	O	she exclaimed , pointing at the bear mascot on the label .
va	C	Once sex is taken away from us , we have no way to reevaluate our energy .
va	O	" I don 't think anyone who talks about the Romantic poets the way you do could hurt anyone , " she said .
va	C	Behind him , the dusk outside came through the window and formed a peep about his head .
va	C	He was then presented with a turf to his personal health insurance .
va	C	Every time we were together , I felt as though some of her Beta rubbed off on me , lighting me with her spotlight .
va	C	I feel pathetic , like a lovesick schoolboy who cannot come to terms with a breakup .
va	C	I 'll find a key to those dolphins . "
va	O	I thought it was just iron ore , but it 's gold ! '
va	C	The envelopes itself was a lush underground park maintained by an old Islander biologist .
va	C	It must be a seminar .
va	O	She 'd defied the MacDowell clan to mate with a foreigner from Vancouver .
va	C	He handed me two driver 's protectiveness .
va	O	The waiter served the drinks and stepped away to allow them time to enjoy their cocktails and look at the menu .
va	O	" I had this one rebuilt on the ruins of the old citadel tower .
va	O	Rowan called out from where he sat in a beanbag .
va	C	Disgust curved his upper lip as he crushed the creature 's abode with a sickening pop .
va	O	The robot studied the number a moment , as though comparing it with a file in his memory banks .
va	C	I ´ d like to show you something glorious , " the trader adds .
va	O	I didn 't know why he 'd been incarcerated , but I knew it was for something he 'd been ashamed of .
va	O	It seems the tapestry of our world is about to fall apart .
va	O	His fiancé , the teacher answered , killed herself .
va	O	Can you rephrase the question or provide greater detail ? "
va	O	He took a step away from the brass lantern , his shoes -- black ankle boots with substantial , clunky heels -- thudding on the linoleum floor .
va	O	I closed the door and double-checked the locks .
va	C	I shove the book off the bed and roll onto my stomach , readying myself up onto my elbows .
va	O	" Revenge will be sweet . "
va	C	His river hair is gushing down over his shoulders and rippling in spastic waves .
va	O	Despite his flaws and weakness , she loved him .
va	C	Paul wondered fleetingly as he ran , intensely aware of both his own vulnerability and the barrage of his imminent death .
va	C	It was the first time that I had spent any time away from the wedges . "
va	C	" This isn 't over , " Cole promised , ducking just in time to feel the man 's hand scrabble over his head .
va	C	But he had wanted me to go home , and he 'd clearly wanted me to take his feedback seriously .
va	O	A refugee might have eyes like that , the universal stare of the dispossessed .
va	C	I have passion for this country , which is why I think it 's such a milkshake sometimes .
va	C	She turned the sill off a moment later .
va	O	I wouldn 't argue with him when he invoked my grandmother .
va	O	We 're not after him anymore and she doesn 't even want to testify .
va	C	The bitter cold coming from deep below , rising to reopen everything in its path with ice .
va	O	What kind of gang uses crossbows ? "
va	O	" You confuse me , " he said honestly .
va	O	The wizards revolved on their benches to stare .
va	C	I lightly stroke his injured cheek and he relaxes .
va	C	Our battalion ... Robert Gant .
va	O	She stopped and waved an empty hanger at her daughter .
va	C	' There is of course the possibility that these shadowy figures are indeed predators from another dimension as has been previously suggested .
va	C	He noticed places where planks covered the stone floor , some manned and clearly of a more recent vintage , others rotting and dangerous .
va	O	In this elevation the shed was slightly above grade ; there were four wooden steps leading from the door down to ground level .
va	C	In fact , I fully intended to befall Elizabeth 's knowledge of Janie 's tastes when choosing an engagement ring and planning the proposal .
va	O	" Like his way of pissing people off , " said Rafferty .
va	C	I looked over in time to see the words an exile from the Detention Centre scroll by .
va	C	" She had many aunts , witch .
va	C	" I call the crown , " I said with a grin , the twang of diamonds shining victoriously .
va	O	What they did not understand was our studies were a way to confine us , keep us pure from miner influence .
va	O	Perhaps the fresh air will revive you further ? "
va	C	We headed to the checkout counter , and the warden finally noticed us .
va	C	Tackling tough cases like this one , helping to slink out the truth , bringing the moral issues to light . "
va	O	The resort is officially opening in time for the Christmas season , but we were hoping to generate some positive buzz beforehand .
va	O	The current piece , for example , might very well have portrayed two obese men playing leapfrog in the nude .
va	O	" Carlotta and Tara are in there , likely organizing everything to perfection . "
va	O	He doesn 't know where the thought comes from , but the word ' infection ' seeps in .
va	C	The hand remained extended , as though summoning her back to life , then slowly lowered and singed his head .
va	O	He knew this was partly his fatigue thinking for him , but he felt keyed up , buoyed by the quick discovery of what had gone wrong .
va	O	Silver hair produced a halo around his head ; his green eyes sparkled like emeralds .
va	C	A velvet choker wrapped her neck , and jiggling up her arm was whip .
va	C	The blazer was benign .
va	C	Of course , Celine does a little persuading , making beds and such , she can 't help it .
va	O	Rachel had the decency to look contrite .
va	O	My eyes dipped back to the postcard .
va	O	A searing fire streaking up his cock and spreading to every inch of his body .
va	O	Except with allegations such as what you came armed with today . "
va	O	In the morning , he bid farewell to the former prince and said , " I will pursue these villains and bring this matter to an end .
va	C	" I don 't joke about emptying . "
va	C	As soon as I recognized his voice , I canceled the message .
va	O	No metamorphosis I have ever witnessed took so long , nor was conducted with so much gentleness .
va	C	It 's one thing for Gage to notice Skyla , but it 's another animal for Skyla to reset .
va	O	Evy buried her face into Brooke 's neck and opened the floodgates , soaking her sister 's work shirt .
va	C	Eventually he teamed up with the professor in India , who was studying similar abilities among the yogis and whoops of that country . "
va	C	" No , sweeter , that 's not what I meant , " I sighed .
va	C	There were five other libraries similar to his own in the office .
va	O	The man in the biker vest spoke to him in rapid Spanish .
va	O	Hatred simmered in his gaze , but there was also confusion and disbelief .
va	C	A map of the island was attached to the back of the crevice , and Kate unfolded it , hoping to gauge where she was .
va	C	Another volley that she hoped would satisfy him .
va	O	I don 't pretend to be a storyteller , and I 've got better things to do with my time . '
va	O	Then the pain submerged , turning back to normal , like nothing had happened .
va	O	Team pennants and championship plaques hung on the walls , and eighties New Wave music blared from the speakers .
va	O	And it didn 't take much contemplation to figure out who had assisted in his escape .
va	C	Mason locked Jill 's morgue door behind him and slid the dead bolt as well for good measure .
va	C	The drive from the safe house to the medallion was short , much to Pierce 's relief .
va	O	Which meant I 'd be looking for a new tenant soon , and that was fine .
va	C	He was determined to kill her , and each of his failed attempts had enabled him onward to greater violence .
va	O	I know I can 't rely on raw psi for very long , not burning it at this rate .
va	O	This is the way to wake up , I thought , snuggling a little bit deeper into Bastian 's arms .
va	C	I added expensive silk socks to my list of possible sex-related pamphlets .
va	C	Then I let it out in a reappearance when I saw The Eunuch follow her .
va	O	He took out a sheaf of notes in an assortment of currencies , pushed them into Fat Charlie 's hand .
va	O	It was a meandering little road that went up slowly , most likely so wagons and horses could go up without the threat of sliding backwards .
va	C	She was acting out of character , starring at her staff because she was nervous about meeting his family .
va	C	I dug the hole on my property so that no government ads will have cause to fine me for digging .
va	O	she asked , the words she spoke sounded sweeter than any words Ivan had ever heard before .
va	C	" I am glad that you have come , " Vlad stated , the size of the room not fretting the strong tenor of his voice .
va	C	My feet splash through hoops , soaking my pant legs .
va	C	I would replay each precious memory , the joyous and the crinkling , and when I 'd exhausted them , I 'd fantasize about the future .
va	O	" The family that steals together dies together .
va	O	She was eight now , too young to see what an evil wench her mother was , but still blissfully adoring of her doting father .
va	C	My name is a mainland of words .
va	C	" Come on , let 's do this , " she hisses , sounding motivated as ever .
va	C	' You are not without coffins yourself , ' he pointed out .
va	C	He frequently saw men wearing rich watches , expensive suits , and other participants .
va	C	He was canceled now and his body ached in places where he didn 't know he had muscles .
va	C	He began cutting chunks out of the cheddar cheese and cold rationale .
va	C	" Touch your rent so you can get let in ?
va	C	" Well , they let us adjust the knobs and such , and they let us slink out these valves here . "
va	O	We cheered and toasted him .
va	O	Spencer pictured Ali in a prison jumpsuit , stamping out license plates , guarded twenty-four hours a day .
va	O	She didn 't know what she had expected , but a listing of her accomplishments wasn 't it She gave him a wary look .
va	C	She tensed , but he just updated her skin a little bit more , and soon her muscles were relaxing .
va	C	At contact it felt like mini lightning bolts were traveling along my skin in a heated fury and balling into my head .
va	O	" If he notices , " Adam said , remembering Stalin 's romp with her , " He did sleep with you , remember ? "
va	C	Yet another entertainment plaza had blacklisted the Drum .
va	C	Until then , they agreed to keep the pessimistic utterance to themselves .
va	C	We ordered our dinners and ate as I talked all about the cloning and the recent genetic diversity .
va	C	It seemed leathery to us , ' said the doctor , gushing through the notes .
va	O	They didn 't even have to be evicted .
va	C	She was asking my dad to run the martini over to Ruby .
va	O	From between them , a hot spurt of bright flame shot out and singed black patterns into the thin layer of tan paint on the metal wall .
va	O	" Okay , I vaguely remember about coyotes from when I lived here as a kid . "
va	O	Florence , the cook , who had served the Goddard Ranch for two decades , was soon relegated to dishwashing .
va	O	Always in the nebulous zone between popular and not , I had flourished under the platonic friendship Rick offered when his family moved in next door .
va	O	" Spit that thing out . "
va	C	" I hate managers even more than mosquitoes , " I said to Ben , as I went on scratching .
va	C	o -- o -- o That afternoon , as it encompassed , was showering day .
va	O	" I want to commend you both for your actions this afternoon .
va	C	The vulgar ball and chain needs me , " Sam says .
va	C	The ravens circled into infinity .
va	C	" I had his body electrified , of course . "
va	C	As I follow her , with the paparazzi howling behind us , I think , Welcome to the soot of shame .
va	C	" Sold for the rock face ! "
va	C	I doubt you 'll find any rooms here and my wife and I would love to have you stay so we could fabricate stories . "
va	C	Beg his forgiveness for the trouble you caused at the weasel of St. Mary -- and the death of the nun .
va	C	I 've become quite aware of my pans , but there 's no true resolution in that . "
va	O	Now she 'd made a complete and utter mess and she was horrified by her selfishness .
va	C	The rotors shook their heads and glanced at the Mother Superior , who was still swaying a little .
va	O	Demetri squeezed his eyes shut and repeated the mantra .
va	C	" The hybrid drive ! "
va	C	" What did McCabe really do to gain your textbook ?
va	O	My lungs sucked in warm air and raindrops .
va	C	Wolfe felt his body rejecting .
va	C	" How many more animals are you going to compensate ? "
va	C	My mom ignores him and everything but there are a few details that I 've purposely left out .
va	O	He was no stranger to adversity , and disaster seemed , once again , poised to strike .
va	C	Sabin followed her inside , crinkling the unyielding straightness of her back .
va	O	On cue , the door opens and two handlers come in , talking in hushed voices .
va	C	I didn 't want her to sow .
va	O	" The controls are in a workroom that 's on the same level as purging .
va	C	I reached in through the opening , into the tank , and grasped the sausage around his belly .
va	C	I will have to watch myself to make sure that I don 't contribute to the temptation of lying on the beach all day .
va	O	I withheld some of the truth .
va	O	The Wolf 's archers , whose skill was legendary , practiced daily also , adding the twang of their bows to the clanking of metal on metal .
va	O	I might have helped the wolf during the avalanche , but I knew I couldn 't count on it to come to my rescue .
va	C	" Maybe a business fraud " Jennifer ventured .
va	O	Seeing the no in my eyes before I can utter it , he tries a new tact .
va	O	Such an act was as deep and dark a blasphemy as those she was accused of being party to .
va	O	" But I 'll give you some credit for not referring to it as a ' parasite . ' "
va	O	They were a quiet convent who became exhibitionists and worse - some went mad , and some who tried to help them became possessed . "
va	O	He shuddered against her , betraying how much it had cost him to relive both heartaches .
va	O	I steal another scone from the basket and pop it into my mouth .
va	C	He felt tense , aware that he might break through into foaming water at any second .
va	O	If this is the time , then this is the time , " It was Amar 's father who suddenly intervened in the matter .
va	O	The interior of the oversized shed is filled with tools and a riding mower .
va	O	They asked me to taste some kind of rare sap , and it gave me the Light Sickness . "
va	O	The sights and sounds of Mexico 's nightlife had been replaced with the quietness of the desert .
va	O	That means he 's from Earth and not one of the colonies .
va	O	And some could affect others ' perceptions of the past , present , and future . '
va	O	He wiped his hands on his trousers , as if holding what was obviously a pagan idol , would curse him forever .
va	O	Chastity is the most unpopular of the Christian virtues .
va	C	Patches of gray braids poked through the snow-covered roof .
va	O	I flop down and stretch out on the grass .
va	O	She sounds worried to me - you know , she can 't foresee everything that happens . "
va	C	Succeeding images could be checked against these supporters .
va	O	" Before we have any feasible chance of acquiring both fragments , we will need as much knowledge as we can possibly obtain .
va	O	" Lean on me and let 's get out of here .
va	O	It was snowing so hard now that I couldn 't see the ground .
va	O	He fished out a crowbar from behind a trash bin , along with two mining helmets with lamps affixed to their front .
va	C	I can make general observations about the process of authentication of rare pieces .
va	C	Not ' steel ' as in the type of metal but ' steal ' as in ' to camouflage ' " .
va	O	We need to do the same thing with -- with food stamps .
va	C	He discerned that I 'd deliver an heir within a year of our marriage .
va	C	He turns and picks up some safety regulations and says , " Better take these too .
va	O	They have planted our governments and instilled corruption .
va	O	This wasn 't someone who just kept dialing the wrong phone number .
va	C	She wasn 't accepting any of his bunny .
va	C	Certainly nothing that could compare to the world they knew , at least nothing that had corrupted that world since its prehistoric days .
va	O	I bellow like the beast that I am and Adrian closes his eyes .
va	O	But I don 't think you should spend the eve alone in your chamber . "
va	O	To this day , whenever Uncle Duke says stupid , his co-workers make him put a quarter in a jar .
va	O	The petty Welsh rulers are none too secure and the peace Henry 's made with them is tenuous at best , especially in the south . "
va	O	" Francesca promised me she would bring Skyler to the hospital for a checkup . "
va	C	I don 't have a turnoff , " Bo snapped defensively .
va	C	We 're a couple decades older than anyone else staying at the hilltop camp , but veritable youngsters down here .
va	O	I felt heavy as I left the hands of my little girl and the red haired woman to ascend the stairs .
va	O	We really need to finalize a few details if we 're going to pull this wedding off in six weeks , Beck .
va	C	Her companion , a plump young woman , more motherly in manner than her years would seem to indicate , commandeered Carter , clearly embarrassed .
va	O	I asked , just to goad him .
va	O	If I conjectured and put together what I 've learned and what I could read between Russo 's words , the clone had exerted himself above them .
va	O	A fine coat of dust covered the floor , and cobwebs hung in the corners of the ceiling .
va	O	They were prisoners , hostages in their own home .
va	C	After setting up vampires and caving to the deaths - to the endangerment - of humans ? "
va	O	Only a breadth of a hair more ... But he wasn 't real and she knew it .
va	O	The third voting bloc were the Christian supporters .
va	C	His left pinky was in pieces and the left ankle was broken .
va	O	The last thing I need right now is play out possible scenarios in my mind , especially ones that involve me failing , fainting , or falling .
va	C	" And what are you ghouls ? "
va	O	I knew our story went that the original phoenix came from the earth forming ; I just never thought how long ago that was .
va	O	Hardly surprising that Louisa gazed at the report in perplexity .
va	C	Now all they could see was the slimy , barnacle infested , underside of the ship that blocked their vision from the adoration that happened next .
va	O	She looked at me and her eyes diverted down .
va	O	' She was a snob and , yes , something of a bigot as far as other races are concerned .
va	O	She spits in his face and he raises a hand to hit her -- he stops himself with what looks like a lot of difficulty .
va	C	But they 'd certainly have something at this inquisition .
va	C	If you ever decide you want to talk about this guy you 're gushing over , I 'm here . "
va	O	He must still be steamed at her for causing a scene .
va	O	After weeding and mulching the garden all morning , Ed came in at noon .
va	O	" Are those the proposed scripts ? "
va	C	" Surround the house and absorption in ? "
va	O	" A short time ago , " Zane said , " my father let several hundred refugees through his barricade to approach the city .
va	O	Both smiled at the absurdity .
va	C	It was crazy , weird , exhilarating , the way the two of them photographed .
va	O	Riley shouted to me over the ruckus .
va	O	He was big with broad shoulders , a great wealth of brown and gray hair cascading down his back .
va	C	It is their location which doth stand at the core of my broker .
va	O	Dirt and mud caked my hair , too .
va	C	We will motor straight out of the marketplace , you understand ? "
va	O	They also demonstrated why Sage didn 't usual y wear shirts .
va	C	The gelding had at least prepared the others .
va	C	She groped in her purse , found a tissue and pecked her eyes .
va	O	" The other ranchers will be invited .
va	C	" You 're overreacting . "
va	O	His creamy eyes dilated with confusion .
va	O	Is it a nice cork ?
va	C	" Drug companies have never been satisfied with reasonable assumptions .
va	O	It will not amuse you , the sights .
va	C	But she 'd have to , and soon , she thought , securing the plastic ring on her finger .
va	O	" Which was why she let her father cajole her into the whole thing .
va	O	But he quirks a little smile at me .
va	C	The hunter 's thoughts drifted back to the hosts .
va	O	No one would mind because they 'd all have full bellies tonight for the first time in over a month .
va	O	" So they won 't renew ? "
va	O	I log in to Skype , and ten seconds later an IM from Brian pops up .
va	O	And the sodas , I always get Dr. Pepper and Sarah always gets Sprite . "
va	O	The caffeine buzz temporarily alleviated the depression as he thought to himself , " I 'm sick of this town .
va	C	Nick must 've been doing some critter .
va	C	" Beats me one too , please , " said Keith .
va	C	There came that smile again , muffling her into a beauty .
va	C	" Move out , " the admiral ordered .
va	C	The courtiers still thought she had a tumor or a bowel emergency , and they wanted to keep her in the hospital for observation .
va	C	Had a little falling out over a cargo of dementia .
va	O	Trees were sparsely scattered through the cemetery with much the same appearance of those seen in the wasteland beyond the wall .
va	C	Unlike the room , which is more stone sculpture than pool , the patio is mostly pool with only a few stone islands .
va	C	" I think my hair stylist 's frozen . "
va	C	When things get messed up , I can sit around and evade or try to figure out how to fix them .
va	O	In a few moments , we were all standing over the carcass .
va	O	These tournaments now were for fun and sport .
va	O	Their divorce three years ago had been contentious , with both parties accusing the other of adultery .
va	O	" Sucker punch that dude , " the leader , Remy , yelled to three of his compatriots .
va	O	I wish I could put a stop to this kind of thinking but it 's too ingrained from everyone 's time in the hordes .
va	O	Once the old livery man learned it was not for police business , he held out his palm , cash up front .
va	O	" Storm , along with several of the other singers , was already waiting in the chapel .
va	C	I was not suffering under any valuables .
va	O	Without further comment , Gavin hailed a taxi and asked him to take us to the Fiera Pavilion .
va	O	I answer her with an eye roll , but that doesn 't dissuade her .
va	C	" Well , seems to me as though the lawyers are grasping at speeds , " Mathilda replied .
va	C	It sounds like he ate a constable and started vomiting up words at random . "
va	O	He was holding little ceramic squares on bits of string , cheap Mayan ' month ' symbols that I suppose he was trying to sell to tourists .
va	C	He carefully nursed the doors to see if he could identify the back door to the bar .
va	O	" Settle down , tiger , " Tamar said smoothly with a chuckle as he put his hands on her waist .
va	C	Returning to herself , she opened the cages realizing these men had to work for the Hawthorn pack of plank .
va	C	Compared to Gabriella , Alexa lacked in every atom .
va	C	Slowly , it began roiling .
va	O	This time , he showed a tip of fang .
va	O	No , she didn 't want to fight with him and not only because her attorney had cautioned Nicole against causing unnecessary friction .
va	O	" Oh yes , nice gal .
va	O	One of the brutes said , " We 're just doing our job kid . "
va	C	She felt physically better and she managed not to remarry .
va	O	But Sergio would have had to have altered the paper record the course keeps as backup , as well , to eliminate any trace of their threesome .
va	C	Your race has been acting as spectators for hundreds of years .
va	C	" Members to be spread ?
va	C	When I 'd fled , five minutes before , people were laughing and talking and staining their drinks .
va	O	But one thing stopped his elation in its tracks .
va	O	His hand shifted from her back to her midriff , sliding upward toward her breasts .
va	C	" Do we still have an historian in the special rebuilding section ? "
va	O	One mistake and I could roll the rover .
va	O	You 're a defender , too .
va	C	He 'd never use a woman , and he 'd never want to be applauded as having done so .
va	O	It reminded him more of animation , something done with the most advanced computer technology available .
va	O	The colorful bard ran into the trees and began to side-step this way and that , hoping to cause one of his pursuers to misstep .
va	O	It was hidden in a cove of high mountains of debris .
va	C	I reach up and stroke Dust 's head , and he seals his feathers contentedly .
va	C	He was probably wondering if I 'd accidentally conveyed my head in the shower .
va	C	Hunger seared him , blood and desire peaked together , twin needs that centered on the woman who felt so right in his embrace .
va	C	Sure enough , Lucas and Samuel were on the floor , competing with each other , their noses bloody .
va	O	And we find the rest of the talismans .
va	O	He winks at me and bites his stick of celery .
va	C	It skidded across the cobblestones , wheezing and hissing , before bursting into flames .
va	C	Behind me I heard scuffing sounds and knew that they had returned back to their posts .
va	C	I got the kingpin but the alphas didn 't scatter like normal .
va	C	Since the house had no passages by which to communicate in American sign language , it was profoundly frustrated .
va	C	Pulling the respite from the hot water , he began to work the damaged muscle tissue on the exit wound .
va	O	The movies , the parades ; they all showed families coming together , enjoying the day , enjoying each other .
va	O	If your Source is anywhere near as strong as you , the two of you could flatten mountains and drain oceans . "
va	O	" He 's new to all of this , " she said , ignoring his pleas .
va	O	" I don 't have any boast to uphold .
va	C	Establishing contact is a trident 's job . "
va	C	The captain jerked and thrashed against his elation , but the man stood steady , unmoving .
va	C	I 'm a coaster by nature .
va	O	But how to dislodge the arrow ... She frowned at the protuberance at the base of the Norman 's neck .
va	C	I 'm going to find him and disable him within an inch of his life . "
va	O	Jeans , a swimsuit , and a couple of t-shirts that would barely cover her bottom , if at all .
va	O	The old bum stepped past Judd and led the way through the trees .
va	C	Was that a shred of bright red lipstick along the bluish shadow of his jaw ?
va	C	Convinced that greed is whomever , we envy the wealthy and their aspiration for more .
va	O	" A couple new cakes , " she told him .
va	O	Dean would rather work the ranch than drive the herds so it worked out for both of them .
va	C	This e-book is licensed for the personal enjoyment of the original purchaser only .
va	O	The suspense was too much for her .
va	O	He knew the difference between the vague impressions of a dream and the sharper sensations of wakeful consciousness .
va	C	I am happy to father to any accessories you want me to sire .
va	O	The fact that I was a hindrance to him weighed heavily on me .
va	C	She was like a little child that barks a world for adults .
va	C	Or the next fifty-six hours , if he inserts two days .
va	C	Designed to remain dormant until someone whooped it to wreak havoc , " Intruder " then returned to hibernation mode and awaited instructions to repeat the process .
va	O	" So you did like his attentions .
va	C	Crawling on my hands and knees across the sea of landscaping , I neared the couch and reached for the gun .
va	O	Fairy and goodness and godmother to me , I wish I knew more about you .
va	O	After I wipe it up , then mop away the stickiness , I 've started to unpack the groceries when my phone rings .
va	C	I had no dummy that vessels ever came so far north and was astounded at the sight .
va	C	The safety chain stretched across the small forge .
va	C	Multiple readings and touchscreen technology that looked more advanced than anything Ethan remembered from his world .
va	O	I faxed him your media kit along with a number of your columns , and he called me .
va	C	Maybe conduct the first executions .
va	O	I could have my pint by the time she 's finished , and you can be telling me about your day . "
va	O	So ... " I gestured dramatically at Marcie 's 4Runner , which was inconveniently boxing in the Volkswagen .
va	O	You couldn 't stop Tradition .
va	C	' It 's not a proper boat without a dialogue , ' said the Senior Wrangler .
va	O	And it certainly wasn 't like I was dating anyone and wanted to snuggle with him under a blanket by the fire .
va	C	The look in Ronan 's eyes was not one of calm ambiance .
va	O	Maybe she was the one with the missing marbles .
va	C	An Ember ... or maybe he 's a Flame now if he 's been styled .
va	C	Nine was designed to brag or ignore the things she could not love .
va	O	Hal executed a complete somersault through the air as he plummeted .
va	C	Instead , it shriveled on .
va	C	The girls decided to spend an hour at the ice sculpture where their two guards could be with them .
va	C	If she couldn 't get a goldfish , if she couldn 't sell the boats , she had one other option .
va	C	I charged in and started scanning the bar and my eyes fell on Jo , standing behind the bar chatting to one of the backpacks .
va	C	" Good girl , " she said to the collie dog , patting her head as the animal wagged her tail in excitement .
va	C	Their bodies have nourished the Great Tree - as warden . "
va	O	Better a beggar than a thief .
va	O	Ash frowned , stabbing a faery that was clawing at his feet .
va	O	" There 's four people on that scooter ! "
va	C	" That 's why we don 't play another season of condemnation ; they overlap .
va	C	I shall remember that , Master , ' I assured him , almost overcome with joy that he had finally called me his visor . '
va	O	Mary was a fairly meek and quiet housemaid , but she was capable enough .
va	C	" What is a calamity that you can race it ? "
va	O	He didn 't know you were his female descendant until moments before he died , so there 's little chance anyone else knew .
va	O	The only foreign object in the whole area was a bouquet of flowers that lay wilting in the mud .
va	O	I felt I was grasping at straws .
va	C	We weren 't paying super close attention at this morning 's leisurely and amusing breakfast with our friendly fellow trader .
va	O	She had already done away with the seven princesses . "
va	O	" I 've been given full authority over these labs by military command .
va	O	Laura was pulling dishes down from the cupboards and setting them on the counter top .
va	C	I breathe in the line-up of aging paper and ink , and the aroma is so much more powerful than I remember .
va	O	Micah had wondered if they paid any attention to the monstrosity beside them .
va	O	He sat back in his chair , tapping the armrest while his gaze went from burnished copper to bright emerald .
va	C	The creases still believe that Lucifer is a fallen angel , but what most people forget is that he 's still an angel .
va	C	But now , the memories were mere vagrants .
va	C	There was that snows again .
va	O	After four seconds , the shaking died down and the ship returned to weightlessness .
va	O	" Which contains the brain , which contains the mind , which is the conduit to the Self .
va	O	* I thought it was a bit brief , but then I spotted the sender , the second permanent secretary .
va	O	I 'll meet you out by the crossroads , past the Robber 's Spine . "
va	O	The Houses need to call the city 's Rogues together , figure out who might be behind this , offer sanctions or rewards for information .
va	C	He shines just enough to live simply and ski .
va	C	But the whispers punctuated her every step as she walked through the mall .
va	O	This sector was larger than the rest .
va	O	She saw him on the street , walking with his shriveled matron of a wife .
va	C	It wasn 't until he raised his prices in conjunction with the other shops that he finally started to get business .
va	O	I touched my hand to hers , the tingling intensifying and the muscles along her sides rippled in spasms .
va	C	Other faeries were showing up .
va	C	They were ' orphan ' denials that were not assigned to any division when the war started .
va	O	So Angelica smiled and unraveled a hank of the golden thread .
va	C	Sometimes , the timing and the kidnapper called the shots .
va	O	" Pickup for Mary , " I say to Ray , the guy who makes the pizzas .
va	O	He was very much a believer in travelling light .
va	C	With a smile of disobedience , she squeezed his hand and closed her eyes .
va	C	After the minefield , my hopes were confirmed : my title would live on .
va	O	I made sure they understood their lives are in jeopardy .
va	C	The First DEMON Company had accounted for at least four times as many casualties as it had dulled .
va	C	He strengthened my medication a little , that 's about all .
va	C	The stem connecting the flower to the potato itself extended from his palms and nicked its way across the surface of the feral potato .
va	O	There 's too much tragedy in this town for levity . "
va	C	That is what I am and what I always will be -- a chord .
va	O	Fitzwilliam had been up and riding out early to consult with his farm bailiff about the spring planting .
va	O	If it was a homeless guy , I hoped he had the sense to turn the heater on in the camper .
va	C	He motioned her into a liaison beyond the kitchen with a vinyl accordion door that refused to latch .
va	O	The hostel , when she arrived , looked like someone 's house ; a sprawling brick building with large white chimneys , surrounded by trees .
va	C	But Nina -- it 's a performer , I know -- seems ageless .
va	O	The sunbeam began to grow brighter as it expanded to encompass the surrounding gardens .
va	C	Holiday gave her hair another tact .
va	O	Nigel and Pang took a pew as the receptionist knocked on a back door , poked her head round and spoke Thai .
va	O	' How does the church feel about mixed marriages ? '
va	O	After your departure , Lady Merrick quickly became all the rage , rendering it nearly impossible to make inquiries with any discretion . "
va	C	" That 's almost as weird as enforcers . "
va	C	It ranked high , skipped over the fingertips of a defender , and sailed cleanly through the rings of the goal .
va	C	He referred you to me only because he felt he didn 't have the oceans to deal with your unique set of problems .
va	C	from one of our authors .
va	C	His clothes were burnt rags , goofing off with every step .
va	C	Sanctions would now be dropped against Syria and the Gaza Strip , so they were now free to reopen trade with the global economy .
va	C	The band didn 't ransom for another guitarist given Johnny 's broad playing styles .
va	O	She would oblige him to stay in the hotel .
va	C	As she drifted off , she started to dream about running the family iceberg with Ranma and his wife .
va	C	" Lily and I will both be in attendance at the appliance next Friday . "
va	C	The frenzied need that had fueled their desperate maneuvering .
va	C	" I 'm a looker . "
va	C	The long sleeved T-shirt he wore highlighted the taut muscles of his stomach and abdomen , and she wasn 't mad at those jeans either .
va	C	Oh , the things he 'd love to tell the duchess , the idiots .
va	O	He prefers to go by his title , for the respect , you know .
va	C	The heat and light slink into streams of steam which turn the motors operating Trig 's mechanic circuits on the top level .
va	C	Each day they counted the blazes outside the gym .
va	O	She moaned over and over , the sounds a symphony to his battered soul .
va	O	It was difficult to tell whether they were wildly misinformed or just issuing whatever propaganda the Establishment had pushed their way .
va	C	" Will the smith work ? "
va	O	Given the time , she might have redeemed even his father .
va	O	I was valedictorian of my class . "
va	C	Aunt Agatha 's father had been a sea captain who intervened the Orient .
va	O	The split , scrubbed hand reached for it , fondled it , held it up to reflect the greasy glare of the kerosene lamps .
va	O	Then he looks over at me and laughs with that strange sound that only dolphins can make . "
va	O	Vela looked around awestruck .
va	C	" Of course , the insecurities make the final decision .
va	C	I opened it and peered down at the handwritten manuscript .
va	C	He waited until she was truly in the ramifications of her climax before he let himself go , reveling in the amazing feel of her body .
va	C	The trainee , a white plasma ball puppy named Rosebud , peered out from a large cloth purse slung over the workshop doorknob .
va	O	I could see that someone was learning from those lectures in the agora .
va	C	He had lumbered out there for a minute .
va	O	She goes right for the jugular , a regular pit bull in pumps , always looking for a way to cut you down to size .
va	O	The lease is in Bailey 's name . "
va	C	Something inside him switched , and he pulled away long enough to strip his shirt and all the inhibition that went with it .
va	O	They wore loose colourful uniforms that showed a little cleavage and had their hair tied back .
va	O	" I couldn 't get you inside so I brewed some of the tea and poured it down your throat outside .
va	O	Something about the way he tracked Michael 's progress made me think he was forcing himself to take in the way Michael favored his injured leg .
va	C	He dropped the strut ; it hit the metal floor with a sandbar .
va	C	And faeries I didn 't have a name for , all wandering down Bourbon Street , looking like the world 's largest freak mutation .
va	C	" Care to befall us ? "
va	O	" You 're such a douchebag sometimes , " she said , storming away .
va	O	Maybe my ploy had worked .
va	O	Securely seated on my chest , he then makes precise incisions around my eyelids and attempts to extract my eyeballs in one swift motion .
va	C	The angels knew that when Angel blood was combined with human blood , it created a magnificent chemical reaction in the body erupting in Angel Traits . "
va	C	The eastern exit into the square is surrounded by water and would be nearly impossible for you to escape poverty .
va	O	" Kathleen , I - " She held up a silencing hand .
va	O	You walked away before rendering that final blow . "
va	C	He also demonstrated how it is possible to dilute the biblical view of God with Aristotle 's philosophical system .
va	C	I see the lawnmower coming together now . "
va	C	I don 't like to give in to the pliers , but the reality is that without them , we have no newspaper .
va	C	Dane aims the gun , shoots the dart , and lands a perfect shot right in the left nostril .
va	O	The lack of warmth in the assurance didn 't garner confidence .
va	C	I thought it would help if I could ... Gather your needs . "
va	O	Amid the following hugs , handshakes , and congratulations , I performed on automatic .
va	C	He was a sparrow .
va	O	His hand caressed her silken skin , moved to trace the fullness of her lower lip .
va	C	Zane trailed through the maze of phrases , following the directions Ty whispered in his ear .
va	O	You didn 't have to radiate magic to be a strong elemental , and Salina had more than enough power to be dangerous - even to me .
va	O	I would rather sleep in a sensible room with striped wallpaper and a teddy bear nightlight , instead of French windows with billowing white curtains .
va	O	Andrew disappears instantly and as Jonathan turns , he flicks his wrist , Peter pushes me left as he breaks right .
va	O	" Beyond the basics , we really don 't know that much about each other . "
va	O	And if he controls me ... " I let my words dangle in the air .
va	O	If it 's real , it could be a big story , but my gut tells me it 's a hoax .
va	O	" How did you gain admittance to my home ? "
va	C	Sentinels came into the headrest , but their goggles and hoods were pulled back , they had solid black eyes and their skin was deathly sallow .
va	C	He didn 't expect this , especially now , after reflecting on what she said earlier about the nuisance finding them .
va	O	If he were to believe his father , she didn 't like sprinkles on her ice cream or dressing on her salad .
va	C	I saw two shuttles carrying a third one down the street .
va	C	Maybe you 'll have kids ; I 'll maybe trade you my countdown for a couple of kids . "
va	C	I found her dress shop in a little filth not far from the harbor .
va	O	" It 's silence , " Mai reveals , waiting for the answer to mesh with his thoughts .
va	C	I turned back to face the railroad and took the gun out of his hand before he could fire off another round .
va	O	Six or seven pages , maybe more -- plus any relevant file attachments .
va	C	My loyalty does not comply . "
va	C	The cold metal placed against her orientation would not only help her wake up but it would also soothe her eye puffiness .
va	C	I noticed her smile was a pleasant one ; it seemed to overhear her face under the blackness of that hair .
va	O	She stiffens as one last , long , serrated moan escapes her lips .
va	O	" That man can stitch a gaping wound that 's gushing blood , and not bat an eye .
va	C	Bill let him go on for a few sentences before blowing the whole thing off as another dummy .
va	C	" All this came clear to us in Terror flashes of understanding ; imprisoned , we waited grimly to see what would be our fate .
va	C	The ossified remains of reptiles , amphibians and even a few villains lay scattered across the petrified forest .
va	O	Gene grunted in acknowledgement .
va	O	He kissed her throat behind her ear , lifted her hair with his clean hand and kissed her nape beneath her hairline , then her shoulders .
va	O	Even the two ship 's boys , sharing an oar , fought with every bit of their power against the sea .
va	C	Instinctively knowing he sought her nudity , she pulled his head the rest of the way down so their lips met .
va	O	I really think that if I went into the mausoleum , it would make me feel better . "
va	C	It was much larger than any tailor could possibly be .
va	O	" Laurence , do you still mean to build the one pavilion , even if the Admiralty will give us no funds ? "
va	O	Seeing Dmitri 's face when she 'd told him she couldn 't conceive was bad but having him divorce her would destroy her .
va	O	He pointed to the camera and brushed a tear from my ashen cheek .
va	O	Listen ... " Horses , " she said , dampening her tin and opening her eyes .
va	O	He kidnapped my sister , and now he was experimenting on my people .
va	C	With a curt nod , Ryan counters the scene again and finally stands back from the monitor .
va	O	Until then , I can work on calming the butterflies that are swarming inside my stomach , now that I know I 'm seeing Ashton tomorrow night .
va	C	" You still owe me dinner out , " I said as we popped two phases into the oven .
va	C	Blackmail and turf . '
va	O	Glenn had said to look out for a house with a red door and renovations going on inside .
va	O	Mr. Marlin veered slightly to the left and gulped down three mosquitoes in a row .
va	C	A flame built within him at such an alarming rate , he thought he would crumple .
va	C	For a brief moment , feeling returned to her numbed limbs , but it was swiftly reloaded by the tidal wave of pain surging through her .
va	O	Marco 's eyes hadn 't strayed from Mac for even a second .
va	O	Bates : " As we commence this day , I 'd like you all to know I 've enjoyed teaching you .
va	C	The blackness was seizing .
va	C	A judge , a wizened man in a black and yellow ceremonial cloak , stood at the riverbank , staring intently at the festivities .
va	C	She 'd asked their insecurity , Tammie Lee , to serve as her matron of honor .
va	O	The navigation lights came on , and also the fascia light .
va	O	She was going to be his buffer from other women , give him a break .
va	O	One twist of an ankle on a portage , and you 're there until someone finds you .
va	O	That would encourage scandal and uprising .
va	C	Abby forced herself to stop thinking about the penalty .
va	C	" Break out what you 're going to do . "
va	C	Half are at one oar and the other at the opposite flank of the original coordinates . "
va	C	" Prepare to join your beloved Coren , " he shouted , foam erupting from between his teeth .
va	C	His breeches were raised , his huge white teeth were bared , and saliva dripped down from the pink of his gums .
va	C	The electronics crew arrived right at five that morning and Gavin and I checked their handiwork when they drove in .
va	C	" Uh ... a buffalo . "
va	C	He prodded around his navel packs and chanced to find a pack of Lucky Strikes with two cigarettes left .
va	O	This headline just popped up on my screen : Prince Simon to extend fund-raising trip in D.C. I told you he 's besotted . "
va	O	The professors come to the conclusion that they will help me as much as they can .
va	O	Now she too contributed to their estrangement .
va	O	" Wye has its eyes and ears everywhere , of course , but we were not the pursuers .
va	O	She was certain she felt him move , heard his tiny whimpers .
va	C	" Have you heard any word from Maureen 's courtiers ? "
va	O	How I 'd love to see her in a low-cut white dress and stilettos .
va	C	Watt 's mind went straight to the practicalities of the case while his went to the perp with Watchdog .
va	O	Dweller tools that shone like icicles .
va	O	The very space that surrounds this building is very special .
va	O	He 's got to hit rock bottom and if he has you to prop him back up , he never will . "
va	O	The beaches are supposed to be great .
va	O	There was a wide , green lawn around the building , devoid of any decoration and easily watched .
va	C	" Talking to Al ' ice " she replied , " it is a form of phrases . "
va	C	I barely had time to scream before he was storming towards me ; his mouth spread wide , eyes intently focused on my neck .
va	C	Ali stared down at her eyeballs .
va	C	These horses all bear his trolley , don 't they ?
va	C	She plunged the plastic spatula in his ear , and pressed on a clip on the canister 's side .
va	C	The waiter had forgotten the defects or Doug hadn 't seen them on the tray .
va	O	" I kind of wanted to be the one to take the initiative . "
va	C	I explored around a little and learned the place we investigated was called Astor Island .
va	O	" Who usually resides here ? "
va	C	We should have just gone back to the dimness .
va	C	Practically moaning , it was a struggle not to begin writhing on his lap as her senses were festooned with pleasure .
va	C	" Are you saying I " m a man of narrow openings , captain ? "
va	C	Haidar 's exclamation broke the rising wave of panic .
va	O	It was the last unexpected nugget thrown Edmund 's way : this fellow truly had no idea who he was talking to !
va	C	You even kept me from slamming into the pedal .
va	C	He brushed a tolerance to the side of her jaw and winked at Myra as he walked beyond them and down the hall .
va	C	I think I could get a pulp with a car like this .
va	O	Just when she felt sure she was beyond rancor , she 'd find herself wallowing in indignation .
va	O	Morgan was no longer in overdrive , but she still needed her caffeine .
va	O	She could have escaped her pursuers that way .
va	O	" I started taking the meds after the blackouts and the sleepwalking episodes began . "
va	C	I had been circumcised in the age of infantile ruse , and above all else , I kept the Lord as my one only and true god .
va	O	The mike looks like a steel teardrop .
va	C	I really hoped he knew what it meant , but I could see from his funk that he had no clue .
va	O	The phantom was also packed out with mapping equipment and anything else that would help the fleet locate needed supplies .
va	C	It had been a bad night , the kind where his armor felt as if it were parched of cellophane .
va	C	His entourage was a trait that he retained in every single life .
va	O	Odd looking apparatuses and hoses waved quietly in the liquid .
va	C	Why wasn 't the camp leader already here giving Chase hell and correcting him ?
va	O	The anger that he evoked was something that I hadn 't felt since I left Texas .
va	C	" Lay it down . "
va	C	But I hung back against the hood of the cop car , trying to abduct the panic down .
va	C	She cuddled on the edge .
va	C	You 're my rapier .
va	O	In the back she tucked the drive-in schedule of movies for the month and a coupon book to her husband 's restaurant .
va	C	" Any way you can amp up the disposition ?
va	O	He opened the drawer to a nightstand beside his bed and pulled out a black booklet , which he handed to me .
va	C	Her contractions were all over him .
va	C	A ramp in the hallway made a sharp digit upward leading toward the sounds of fighting , but also to the light .
va	C	As we reached the crypt , I realised that nobody around me had noticed that anything peculiar had happened to me -- why would they ?
va	C	" Yes , sir , " Blythe said , and strengthened his tools ; the slavers gaped .
va	C	We will combine two more officers and have some more on standby for tonight . "
va	C	This was Henry , the exec in charge of the stud program , my boss .
va	C	It would be like this almost the rest of the way to Dol , some twenty miles from where they now trod .
va	O	It wouldn 't get her far and Jackson practically lived on his computer , especially on the Internet banking to watch the account .
va	C	Do you have a buyer for beginning with day or night ? "
va	O	" There are several radio antennae on the north hills .
va	C	We stopped by the hotel to drop off our bags with the robin hop and then continued on our way to the theater .
va	O	I suppose because you cannot reason with disease ; you can 't bribe it or take arms against it , and it respects neither wealth nor standing .
va	O	She probed at the bruise with a fingertip and winced .
va	C	" I have hot drool and water .
va	O	His belt lamp , covered in dirt and muck , cast a warped amber glow flecked with oversized shadowed bits that stuck to the lens .
va	C	He places a hand on my lower back and jabs me out of the Terrace Room , down the hall and to a nearby bathroom .
va	O	To provide , that is , Abram , well , his descendants , with a great nation , that was the deal .
va	C	" But when I take my final breath , and that day is coming soon , you will become Siren 's shepherd and curtsy .
va	O	After a few minutes the menacing form jumped into one of the shelters and grabbed Alexander by the ears .
va	O	This way , the feeling of safety came from their imprisonment .
va	C	" I don 't - think so , " Day lasts .
va	C	" You see , a long time ago , there were only playmates and musicians .
va	O	Here they would even more fearfully view the illustrations , carefully checking them for any sign of themselves or anyone they cared for .
va	C	Ramdas , a man in his early fifties , was walking toward a little gardening and communication shop .
va	O	His voice shifted from condemnation to honey in a matter of seconds .
va	O	The soft , deep voice nudges her from her trance .
va	O	She 's salivating over someone behind me in the checkout line .
va	O	the baron twisted his lip and flipped a coin , clearly trying his best to annoy and offend the scientist .
va	C	She did , however , possess an uncanny habit of speaking her mind with amazing dumbass .
va	C	Those lazy bastards in the northern camps don 't want to hold their own hovers when they take a piss , let alone do anything useful .
va	C	Yet Radcliffe hired both of them despite his deteriorating .
va	O	The daylight in their cell faded to twilight and then night ; lamplight from the adjoining room splintered the darkness through the hole in the wall .
va	C	There she was with her best friend , showing off their budding bodies in brand new displays to the boys who were too shy to approach them .
va	O	I will take our manufacturing jobs from China .
va	C	He scuttled to the corpse and this time tied the noose tighter , pinching the torso and tearing flesh .
va	C	In the winter , when it 's cold , it sums .
va	C	Brad : So you 're already thinking about the next step in your tablets ?
va	O	Hinduism also knows ( and makes known ) that that every individual has the potential to achieve enlightenment .
va	O	" Do you have any preference ? "
va	O	The one she apparently sneaked into her bedroom when the guys had to stay over at the farm during the blizzard . "
va	O	" I 've borne that ache for a long time , young one , " the governor said from somewhere above him .
va	O	Anthony lifted the flap and hurriedly pulled the drawstring open .
va	O	Dante worked homicide in the worst district in Los Angeles for murders , many of them gang related .
va	C	Societies that can control them survive , regulations that can 't , fail . "
va	C	Just before the giant put her hands on me , I nursed her and hooked my right foot around hers , making her stumble .
va	C	" No , " Tiberius answered , turning to look back at the village in the midst of expressing itself .
va	O	They had rented one of the suites at the top of a local hotel .
va	O	< [ 27 ] > Renzo managed to pull himself outside to stand at a respectful distance when the supply copter came .
va	O	They quickly rode to the head of the line of heavy pike .
va	O	He rubbed the marks in his wrists from the shackles that had been removed from him by the escort of armed men in blue gear .
va	O	The mustang was not as showy as the Arabian stallion , but he was more dependable because he had been bred to the rugged West .
va	O	Elizabeth raised her head to look at him with a gaze of rapture in her eyes .
va	O	Colon , fascinated , watched the little snowflakes far inside the tiny glass globe .
va	C	If it was his idea , then , a lot of the hybrid would disappear .
va	O	He hadn 't called or messaged her all weekend , and then he had the audacity to walk in drunk in the middle of the night ?
va	O	Shea could feel sweat beading on her body and her lungs laboring .
va	C	Jasper elbows his way through , flanked by a couple of nerds .
va	C	She wanted to tell them her sister had been abducted sixteen years ago and that Kimberly 's hallucination might 've brought her to Louisiana .
va	O	" No , dearest , " the older girl said with poise , beaming .
va	O	We 'll be able to afford to pay for reasonable working conditions , fair wages .
va	C	I command thee , fire , wrap this place like a debutante that cannot be penetrated .
va	O	You 've got the body for it , " he said self-consciously .
va	C	Dee was trying to unfasten them off the road , out of harm 's way , but they were all frozen in fear .
va	C	She knew the instant they were going to crash , but because of her fear , she couldn 't really describe it as a negotiation .
va	C	Elizabeth accepted them with grace and tolerance .
va	C	Her arm moved on the section of the long bench near which she was sitting and the receptacle of the ceiling vanished .
va	C	I am breathing deep , my mind little more than vapor and my body like liquid .
va	C	Oddly , Marshall strolling in late has increasingly become the bayou .
va	O	Mr. Harrison removed the paper from the printer tray and handed it to Selma .
va	O	But like always , my mother walks in just at the right moment and steals everything away from me .
va	C	Their evolution is an ocean rock . "
va	C	He gave a long sigh of occupation .
va	O	" They don 't put this sort of thing in the tourist guides . "
va	O	It shamed him that the neighbor kid would know Betsy better than he did .
va	C	Then to turn them into part of her dark army , she alerts them into madness .
va	O	It looked like they were condemning him for something .
va	C	According to Mattie , there 's supposed to be no recollection of hot girls there . "
va	C	Up and down the beach , werewolves slaughtered lambs and their babies , fresh from the womb .
va	O	They even had two prisoners , they would fetch a good price in the pyramid city 's markets .
va	C	He looked back to the trident .
va	O	Rodriguez leant forward to the mike as Sinatra came to an end .
va	C	He 'd expected to find an injured man , yet he seemed as comfortable as old fixture .
va	O	According to Allie , he was required to commit an act of selflessness .
va	O	It 's a good thing we found you this place , dummy .
va	C	But my thirst is strong enough to extinguish that reaction .
va	C	In fact , swords of all kinds are among our company 's biggest badass . "
va	C	That was an ungodly sum for the poor morals and poor students .
va	C	He shifted from dissolving to a song .
va	O	This lends to the implication that there were not one but two recent unauthorized trips to the dry . "
va	O	My hands took the brunt of the fall , but still my forehead banged into the ground , and I saw stars .
va	O	Julian beamed as she walked inside , obviously proud of his handiwork .
va	C	In the meantime they waited , and as they waited some of the groups began to materialize and join together .
va	C	After some quick thrumming , he showed me a drawing of a circle filled with abstract designs .
va	C	These attitudes are often then dulled by popular media , films and generalisations about imaginary friends .
va	O	He walks back over to our campsite and stops about halfway , squats down and reaches his hand out to touch the dirt .
va	O	Further on the Angel took a course towards the ancient churches and monasteries that Michael and Ben 's ancestors and indeed the boys themselves had visited .
va	C	His hair hung down in a long braid threaded with turquoise sundress .
va	O	The workings of the mind look out through the face and alter it .
va	O	The hound hit me with all the force of a very large and aggravated carnivore .
va	C	She went through her mental checklist , rescuing all was in order .
va	C	Liz had cuddled in high school on the state level and won a few championships , but never anything spectacular .
va	O	With a quick shake of her head she dispelled the image .
va	O	So many people with cirrhosis of the liver developed enlarged veins in the esophagus and bled internally as a result .
va	C	Nothing struck me as out of the ordinary : Figures , and a copy of the yellow Pages .
va	O	He was walking along the riverside by the light of the moon .
va	O	His libido , after so many years in a desert of passionless rules and protocols , swells like a parched tongue drenched with water .
va	C	Was that wilted sponge ?
va	C	We maintain the strength of our defenses as they stand and withdraw to Garrison when the takeoff is complete , just as planned .
va	C	As I 'm relishing the hood , I feel fingers like steel bands wrap around my upper arms and bring me to a stop .
va	C	He had thought he was following his friends into a browser .
va	C	Then , depending on who she was speaking to , the pedal went from being something minor to a full fledged fight .
va	C	" The diamonds inside the martini , there were symbols etched on them . "
va	O	Julienne knows that this year she 'll attend all the family gatherings .
va	O	' You just need Ponder 's uncle and a paintbrush , ' said the Senior Wrangler .
va	C	Then , without warning , he jerked the steering wheel into a hairpin turn , down an alley that ran behind a Starbucks and a Mediterranean inclinations .
va	C	I mean , people don 't just do that sort of thing without elaborating .
va	C	" Warrior , Blade , " Doctor Hartman 's voice wavers in the dragon 's minds .
va	C	I know she ate wild cattle and wild boar and acknowledgement and hazel nuts .
va	O	" Aw , Case , " Scores said .
va	O	Troy stirred behind me , grumbling deep within in his sleep .
va	O	Wild music dominates the arena .
va	C	" It affects me . "
va	O	Back at home , in the aftermath , I sat in the living room and gazed at the painting of Ruth , tired and satisfied .
va	C	The little punk couldn 't tie the Undead to a toilet and steal from him anymore .
va	C	I could not consult a judgment at this time without much more information . "
va	O	" You did " - he gives her a swift grin - " which is a tribute to your charm and skill .
va	O	Most of the laboratories were actually located deep beneath the earth and heavily guarded .
va	O	Hearing her father take Sophie down a peg raised Rita 's spirits ; she didn 't feel quite so alone anymore .
va	O	He was , after all , a widower priest with a heart beholden only to God and a dead woman .
va	O	She had an ace in the hole now .
va	C	The door opened with a loud , rusty junkyard .
va	C	They obscured the far end of the room which stretched beyond the installation of the planet .
va	C	Naturally , once she and David had split up , a lot of her eighties ended as well .
va	O	Sure enough , the second set for the 4x4 were there .
va	C	And even though Leo had made a lot of punishments for women over the years , incarceration was a bit more than he was willing to overlook .
va	C	" Hey , I can 't help it if the boy 's a slow deliberation . "
va	C	The performer 's mouth dropped open as the wizard drew a scratching line on the stone . '
va	O	Mrs. Macey worked her way into the safety of the bailiff 's presence , her hat askew .
va	C	It was a pinhole of brutality in her otherwise miserable and unforgiving reality .
va	C	Chaucer is our friend 's Siamese cat , and he was something of a kangaroo for Chris and McKenna .
va	O	Slayers are the dying , running to embrace ache and unhappiness for a cause unworthy and thankless .
va	O	He had nothing to lose by caving in to a need that had ridden him hard all night .
va	O	So Gray is making mulch .
va	O	I had watched adults I knew and loved , as they threw their futures away .
va	C	" Refusing my next plan of action . "
va	C	A few of the coins had become corrupted .
va	O	He knew she 'd wanted to prove to him that she could play in the " just sex " big leagues .
va	C	he set in motion the scheme to estimate the world with an army of mutant plants .
va	O	The Prophet was the first to say anything , " What an ass . "
va	C	" Some people let their fellows get involved , and they turn vicious . "
va	C	Forgiving her for dying couldn 't be compared to the phrases she 'd been subjected to in the years she was married to Brian .
va	C	Leslie was peaked at the information she had heard for the second time .
va	C	She shook her head with a survivor .
va	O	That seemed to startle him .
va	O	Durante , his body losing its gentle ferocity , stiffening , withdrawing , pushing her away .
va	C	And then I 'll promise you again after I dance around in a Yen to Britney Spears . "
va	C	He looked for the snowfall , but all he found was the broken keg .
va	C	The visions were wars , deaths , and cravings that would shortly break out that his people could put an end to . "
va	C	" We will place the gnomes and pikes at the front , in case of cavalry charge , " he told Witness .
va	C	He paints a pout .
va	O	Theresa was busy preparing the meatballs and other items for the dinner tonight .
va	C	I 've acquired a lot of photos and predators .
va	C	" I trust my coin is well documented ? "
va	O	Some arcane relic of the Brotherhood 's no doubt , but who would name it thus ?
va	O	He just made his way through the palace of deep reds and whites , still troubled .
va	C	A few moments later , she approached the constable 's chamber and knocked .
va	O	He dropped his staff from his good hand and swiftly grabbed Billy 's staff that was less than a centimeter from knocking him on the temple .
va	C	But he knew now he 'd been tormenting himself .
va	O	Their father had been long on smiles , jokes and unkept promises , but short on maturity , structure and follow-through .
va	C	I had not suspected that life would throw these scum at me , to distract from the greater agenda of finding reason .
va	O	I cringe , I can 't help it , comparing myself to him .
va	C	He stabbed the end call button on his Bluetooth device as he hurtled past the blackjack tables .
va	C	They murmured their passions , and Aric left the study .
va	O	I was too discombobulated to make a joke about my lures .
va	C	" Sometimes he messes all night with his friends . "
va	C	Quickly Jay grabbed the sheet and pulled it over her breasts ; she couldn 't meet his eyes as a flush chased the morsel from her face .
va	C	Steve spent that morning of inspiration at work , cruising small 4 ' x 4 ' cuts of plywood and then binding them for delivery .
va	O	And a week after that , rolling the tractor while holding a chainsaw and being chased by bees ? "
va	C	Bertie : " Please think about your sakes .
va	C	All the tables and balconies face a round stage .
va	C	" Are you wench ? "
va	C	Things came in huge boxes and volume was measured in advertisements , not ounces .
va	C	It 's not as if l 'm competing tea ! "
va	O	" Sell a lot of those ? "
va	O	" If not for your family 's occupation , we wouldn 't be here . "
va	C	I Will Always Come For You had climbed the proceedings like a rocket and was holding at number eight .
va	C	One of them pointed at something outside , and they all broke out into raucous gulls .
va	C	What exciting bit of gossip could she relay , to tell Brenda ?
va	O	He cups my cheek , his warmth spilling through me and heating the chill I didn 't know had been residing inside me until now .
va	C	If you get Sofia in your hands then it 's you who would have an affront against my brother . "
va	O	How could they all sit here so calmly and joke , after Liam had almost been hauled to the bottom of a swamp by an alligator ?
va	O	I hoped Winkler got full on his venison ; I wasn 't about to feed him when he got back .
va	C	It 'd be just like shooting another of the Capitol 's dice . "
va	C	" From what I understand her cunt is a very nice lady , adores those girls .
va	O	Her visible piercings were no longer so visible , even in her ears , because she wore no jewelry at all .
va	C	If it 's necessary to convince you , the injection of the actual photographs can be verified . "
va	O	I was nearing the end of a long row of cotton , close to the thicket that bordered Siler 's Creek , when I heard voices .
va	C	If my administration , or my policies , were to become the object of public lavatory , I would not be able to continue in office .
va	C	From the melee of his vision , he spied three small figures approaching from the right .
va	C	Odd that the millennia had so swiftly picked tip on something that hadn 't immediately occurred to her .
va	O	His thick nose and dark hooded eyes are the centerpiece of his grim face .
va	O	On the moon slivers of her self vibrate within their wooden cage , leaping and hissing through wooden mouths .
va	C	" That 's a lot of grape , " Styx muttered .
va	O	Not a hint of amour anywhere .
va	O	And I 'm pretty certain that other things you believe about these swarms aren 't true , either . "
va	C	Several -- if not all of his ribs are broken and there 's fluid in his right adjective . "
va	O	My friends , teammates and I gathered around Coach Greene , looking for some explanation for the chaos rising around us .
va	O	And the profiler had given them one limiting physical factor -- she 'd said the killer wasn 't very large .
va	C	He motioned for Davis and Cassiopeia to walk with him toward the library while the mindset and the estate manager talked in the cabinet .
va	C	Sarah was completely lost in a short period of time as they reloaded and circled their way through the ancient oaks .
va	C	" I take it you are my seminar ? "
va	C	He moved with a slow somersault and her body followed his lead as though they had danced together for years .
va	O	" They 've got nothing on a bunch of hungry peasants with giant eating utensils in their hands . "
va	O	Dylan was the king of takeout .
va	O	He had felt so accomplished after negotiating to meet with the duke , and especially after returning to Stony Vale and helping set matters right there .
va	C	" He only issued that order because you whacked him .
va	C	The beeping of Earth instantly vanished to be replaced by a three-dimensional life-sized image of Paul 's head , revolving eerily in the air .
va	O	He " ll be out on his arse before he knows it .
va	C	Except I didn 't go into the mugging .
va	C	We maintain a list of individual guest tenants , so their needs are considered before they arrive .
va	C	Then she scurried off to stand with the rest of her team , though she kept to the absurdity of the group .
va	O	She 's got a real bee in her bonnet about this fellow .
va	O	Stacy knew that she had to give her counselor a rough draft of her presentation on the Shroud before Christmas vacation .
va	O	Judging by your reaction I 'm guessing she was a knockout .
va	C	" This way evolved , and do hurry , Eve is winning , and I want her daughter alive . "
va	C	She gestured toward an adjoining lavatory .
va	O	Hopefully these groceries will last until my next payday .
va	C	He declares the same pulling me into his muscular chest .
va	O	" My ... contribution just kind of hangs out and waits for the opportunity . "
va	O	She was also attired in the absolute height of fashion .
va	O	I do have some guarantees .
va	C	Conrad and Jayne had been separated for three years before cranking .
va	C	" So did the inmates contact you yet ? "
va	O	" That money they waste is money they took from helpless townsfolk .
va	C	Straining harder , Ming maneuvered the offspring in his fingers , trying to reach down to the surface of the water .
va	C	" You all just hate the fact that we are a global intervention .
va	O	Being confined to such a corporeal state was maddening , but walking two meters to press a button was too trivial to expose himself to the Jedi .
va	C	I don 't think all the widows and orphans should suffer because humans decided that psychology was a crime for Shifters . "
va	C	Something good fell off the back of a translation ? "
va	C	After a long , straight walk , he stopped at a fierceness .
va	C	He pauses to nod graciously at Serge , who braves up .
va	O	" This , " he said , " is a stele . "
va	O	She coughed violently , and salt water spewed from her mouth and exploded from her nose , burning her nostrils .
va	C	Mira was right next to her , arranging marriages on a metal tray that was only slightly smaller than a twin bed .
va	O	He had been walking fine for hours , through headaches and shaking that only seemed to worsen , but the chest pain was something else .
va	C	Swiftly she pulsed counterpoint psi to renew the seething patterns .
va	C	Kimbra still sat at the automaton 's station .
va	O	" That is an old ploy , " Merrill interrupted , his piercing blue eyes scanning my face .
va	C	" You need to call a vendetta ? "
va	O	This is no longer our homeland , Mr. Clancy .
va	C	You should know that this particular riddle is not co-ed .
va	O	When she hit the ground she shot out of the tire like a backfire .
va	C	It 's different seeing them out of a window than seeing them riveted in front of me .
va	O	She had also been influential in persuading the Co-op to advance a small , short term loan .
va	C	" Life is hard enough , Mr Bus driver , without the cruel punishments of our fellow man .
va	O	Devon would be a fine trophy , and a lot of power to add to Julian 's collection of victims .
va	O	" I rely on doing my job , Commissioner , as best I can and in accord with the regulations . "
va	O	One of a million little ways she 'd struggled to resurrect her confidence .
va	C	" Oh , " the spouse went out of her and she began to smile .
va	C	" There were a lot of firms involved in the testing at Vincent , " Jonas said slowly .
va	C	" We will exile until tomorrow at two , I should have my decision by then , " the judge said .
va	C	" So you brought an adaptation ? "
va	O	At least it has onions and tomatoes , she thought .
va	O	I finally had enough of the shower and stepped back from up under the nozzle , pushing the glowing water drop button to shut it off .
va	O	At least then she could be incapacitated so no one would be hurt .
va	O	The complete and intense concentration of his deep brown eyes , zeroed in on her , made for heady stuff .
va	O	The length of it covered the cave entrance where the miner had hung it .
va	O	His fingers itched to touch them , and once again , he was flabbergasted by his reaction .
va	C	The tow truck 's maneuvering made a grinding sound as it lifted the Toyota .
va	O	He hikes up on his elbows .
va	C	" Gather your mind and let your senses tell you what has to be done . "
va	O	As much as I hate the twang , it means that things are about as right as they 're going to be .
va	O	She parks near the entrance and spreads a soiled blanket , taken from Nathan 's , over the cigar boxes .
va	O	Not advanced technology , just good mechanics and therefore it was unaffected by the planet 's magnetic waves .
va	O	" Can you make your internal monologue a little less annoying , and a little more still ? "
va	C	Concluded in our next volley .
va	C	That 's posh blob , that is . '
va	C	" Someone rather carelessly left some poison lying about in his prison cell , and he rated it extensively .
va	C	She looks at the toaster and lets out a frustrated huff .
va	C	I bashed them to you last night . "
va	O	The corporal held my wrists while his companion , a common soldier , found a piece of rope and tied my hands behind my back .
va	C	Their banners are literally alive with slithering reptiles - all venomous .
va	C	" Actually , you don 't make a pie with the goop , but with the inside flesh of the massacre you 're carving .
va	O	I 'd forgotten that I had access to a toothbrush .
va	C	Easier to send attendants .
va	O	I have no recollection of ever being touched by another human who was not related to me .
va	O	She knew he was governed by his job , but what did that have to do with him keeping her around ?
va	C	" So try to figure out which sections he might have succumbed to . "
va	C	Ironic , considering the disrespect your zones have given females . "
va	C	Behind the desk are an oak contour and a Van Gogh painting .
va	C	What I had sought in vain by meeting the joyous and terrible passions , she took at her leisure .
va	O	Her body was actually growing weak from lack of nourishment , but she could most certainly survive on orgasms alone if they were with Shane .
va	C	Making baby beetles out of popularity seemed pretty special to the Egyptians .
va	C	It was a good sign that Paul Meyers , the Rep from the research assistants started to ask practical questions .
va	C	Nora also joined them and together the two couples watched the comet coming closer .
va	C	Mrs. Heath also believed in ghosts and spirits and claimed to have spoken to her deceased husband during a checkbook .
va	C	With your mind relaxed , lost in adoration , having no identity to cling to , then the DNA can be altered .
va	C	But he chuckled at the party foul without seeming to register the batter 's presence .
va	C	I turned away and closed mine when I heard the sickening connection , the wet thud as my brains were banked in .
va	C	He took a pinch and packed it into his lower lip , spitting out the stray raindrops .
va	C	A male voice blared through the outlet .
va	C	" Yes and defeating the spirit of all the Directives .
va	C	Only his avatar remains .
va	O	After it speaks , small torrents of fire shoot out of its mouth .
va	C	I thought I 'd been watching my midsection the whole time .
va	C	This need had drawn him from the warmth of his healers , and through the damp darkness , to stand watching in the shadows of the forest .
va	O	" You mean the difference between a psychopath and a psychotic ? "
va	O	I gasped for breath , still feeling the thrum of my boiling blood .
va	O	He took the coil of wire and the mike , put them inside , slammed the trunk , and gave me an impatient look .
va	C	I couldn 't quite track the trace of the memory back to its teachings .
va	O	The man , the scribe , was sitting on that stone . '
va	C	Soon enough came the accusations , trials and tulips .
va	C	" Do you doubt the translation of our charge ? "
va	O	The uphill trek was slow and painful and my legs were aching from climbing the uneven path while trying to dodge the potholes .
va	C	Alec 's mouth surrounded her , gently kneading .
va	O	The vibrations of the speakers pounded against Mike 's ears but he ignored it .
va	C	For the flares of the colony 's arrangements were very great , even witnessed at the remove of their shipboard life .
va	C	" Not a figment of evidence . "
va	O	Police officers come to our classrooms and talk about cyberstalking and bullying .
va	O	A preview of the next Life Prison story .
va	O	The filmy , slimy seaweed kept slithering over her legs like leeches .
va	C	Richmond She had a shower and got dressed -- in her juices from yesterday and one of his shirts .
va	O	A sense of goodwill toward man ?
va	O	Every bit of time together was precious as Daren often traveled out of state , demonstrating medical products .
va	C	In the fervor of their new religion , they praised us that we had brought Christ to them , and honored us for our vows of neutrality .
va	O	I started this little show to torment Damien , but I 'm also tormenting myself .
va	C	" I don 't make hamburgers with you .
va	O	Too many variables to account for , and too many things hinging on too many specific enemy troop reactions , he thought .
va	C	" Is she asleep or ... " " Her Parents are too strong .
va	C	I was engineered an intelligence officer .
va	O	We stand in the alcove to the restrooms .
va	C	So , I was not at all surprised when Gamaliel confirmed my yogurt in the delegation .
va	O	" What makes you think I want to be your squire ?
va	C	When this finally sank in , his passions burned away .
va	C	" Your Majesty 's storytelling could reach the wreck in a few hours , " Lucien said .
va	O	" But what gives you the right to ... terminate us ? "
va	O	He was anticipated the outcome like a gambler counting cards in Vegas , calm and cool , arms crossed over his chest .
va	O	" She said something about tuning the frequencies of the stones and a lot of other stuff I didn 't quite understand . "
va	C	Her breath froze in her lungs as she caught sight of Devon standing by the congregation .
va	C	" Pass me then .
va	C	She 'd heard the familiar sounds of men working in the pouches .
va	O	It is just like daydreaming and sometimes it 's hard to tell the difference .
va	C	The dress is the final step on the rating of insanity .
va	O	He spun around in a 360-degree circuit taking the axe blade speed up to deadly velocity .
va	C	I must employ a good book for that . "
va	O	The King knew , he would need the Gods on his side , to elude the monster 's gripping teeth .
va	C	Though most of the sector , had died young , enough survived , to make him proud .
va	C	" Kylie , if other gangs learn just how gifted you really are , you 'll be a Squire .
va	O	" Are you a great scholar , Earthling ? "
va	C	He mentioned something about me sparing him with my robe .
va	O	Fitch , as always , stared at Konrad and instantly analyzed the situation .
va	C	" She intends to get angry when she 's terrified .
va	O	I don 't like the idea of having to supervise .
va	O	The realtor trotted into the room .
va	C	He licked the can clean and disappeared back into the bison .
va	O	Then ghostly figures appeared at the window and they filled the night with their radiance and the room was bathed in an eerie glow .
va	C	The reflections on the walls waved gently in the breeze , and soon the gently strummed notes filled the room .
va	O	His lips teased the bunching muscles along her belly , his tongue dipping into her belly button .
va	C	She had dreams they might be married -- and in those days marrying your high school sweetheart was more the thickness than the exception .
va	C	It was the first season Kerri had missed in her eight years on the senior ladies ' world tour and in her three years in the funerals .
va	O	I put my name on the lists , then had my coachman drive me around your lovely city .
va	C	I reviewed the engine and squealed off in pursuit .
va	O	* * * Certain that he was being followed ; Vince ducked inside the small bookshop and waited for his tail to catch up with him .
va	C	" Anyone ever tell you you Chandlers are like basements ? "
va	O	Eyes still closed , I dragged myself off the bed , stopping to bow over every thirty seconds , as the contractions hit and then passed .
va	C	" Annabel Lee , by Edgar Allan Poe , " Franklin sings , and my head snaps up .
va	C	Some of us used to call him a scarecrow : something we used to keep predators out , but pretty damn useless once they actually got in .
va	O	It could rupture the whole -- I said leave him to me .
va	C	To me , it 's like sneaking up on a pearl .
va	C	Others wore their own clothing but had plastic aprons and rubber gloves , and plastic hair plugs .
va	C	Tara and I were patted and complimented along the way , and we received many inmates .
va	C	" Why are you a sibling and not a light keeper ? "
va	O	He laces my hand through his , but stills as my charm bracelet brushes his wrist .
va	C	Still , watching my team pull bats and catching equipment and civilians out of the shed nearly brings me to tears .
va	O	The plane sped past the huge hangars on that end of the runway , past Mr. Simon 's hangar .
va	O	I don 't have my sister 's self-confidence .
va	C	" You 're cranking the borders between our world and this one , aren 't you ?
va	C	The windows , the centers , the doors , the porch chairs .
va	C	His brother was eager to enlarge a vampire , experiment on one .
va	O	You have to contact the local paper and radio personalities , try to get them to come so they 'll promote the place for you .
va	O	He 's trying to spread his latest rumour . "
va	O	Watkins shook his head sadly after the departing figure .
va	O	The extent of their foreplay could have been measured with an egg timer .
va	O	Most people would lay down runners to prevent that , but I found it comforting to see evidence of passage .
va	C	" Barring a constellation . "
va	O	It was a wife 's duty to submit , and she wasn 't exactly submitting .
va	C	She jumped from man to man buying her booze , and dresses , and spasms with their checkbooks .
va	C	Marcie was the one person who took every opportunity to attack and swap me .
va	O	" What good would it do to reopen the case ? "
va	C	In less than an hour , he was finished and ready to send his manuscript to his asthma .
va	O	After naming all of the animals , God looked and saw that each animal had a mate with the exception of Adam .
va	C	" No , " I said , cinching the tie of my blazer tighter .
va	O	" You want a list , or do you just want to thank me for not ratting you out to your babysitter ? "
va	O	" And you couldn 't wait to oblige them , that it ? "
va	O	" If he 'd cooperated , I would have been willing to keep this confidential until we had answers .
va	C	A few well-placed bombs will trigger a mongrel and take everything out .
va	O	I have more exiles under my roof now than I 've had in the past century .
va	O	Sara ends up here in Newmont , New Hampshire , a spinster who never again wows the world with song .
va	C	Oh , that happened when I dwarfed him even after he kept asking me to leave .
va	C	" Bob , I am very impressed with the rivulets .
va	O	They had picked the plaintiff , the widow of a man named Jacob L. Wood .
va	C	" Enough , " the Queen said , raising a hand , and the series of enforcers came to an abrupt halt .
va	C	" commoners or pain makes her leap for joy .
va	O	He pulled again and their highway adjusted but didn 't separate from the other , twisting around it like a helix instead .
va	O	If anyone was going to be getting flogged for delivering the bad news then that would be me .
va	C	No woman condoned a godsend .
va	O	Sebastian wounded Jace , but the heavenly fire rebounded on him , somehow .
va	C	A reporter was getting more contestants ' thoughts about the start of tomorrow 's big murder trial .
va	O	" I was just jesting with you .
va	C	It 's not the kind of weapon I have been dreaming about ; it looks like an oven timer .
va	C	Jenny 's scream was drowned by the drips of enraged disapproval from the English as the Scots converged on Royce like the Horsemen of the Apocalypse .
va	C	When I look a few seconds later , the demons are down , screaming with pain and confusion , eyes melted in their throats .
va	O	She had chosen the best route to deter him .
va	O	There were nonstop reports of chaos and violence ; even military convoys were being ambushed for what little food they carried .
va	C	If they can possibly be pushing through the same mental syllable that pulls me down further with each step .
va	C	" Whatever will my brethren do without you to kill their quarry for them ? "
va	C	The sense of visibility only deepened at the maid 's obvious unease .
va	C	The Beta gave a summoning look to the Guards outside his office .
va	C	If love seeks to do it , it can be done .
va	C	It had been a moment of mailboxes seven years ago when he 'd proposed the crazy scheme of marriage for money .
va	C	His words vibrated through the air and the difficulties ' expression hardened .
va	C	There was no kinship .
va	O	Suddenly , they turned as one and walked off , back to their dirt baths and staring into nothingness .
va	C	" That will comply . "
va	O	The students cleared their throats , but Meredith looked up and smiled and told them now was not a good time .
va	O	he asked as he fingers grazed my slick folds , causing a wave of pleasure to zing through my body .
va	C	You can 't shoo away .
va	O	He drags his gaze back to the window , his focus on the yard outside .
va	C	He rebounded quickly , hiding his irritation in the hopes of making her laugh with his next comment .
va	C	In a whisper she said , " And this is what you get for rescuing me last night .
va	C	From there , we would head to Eastern Europe and sputter into France .
va	C	She stood at the raft of the crowd as others shook his hand and some took pictures .
va	C	A surgical mask and earring dangled around her neck .
va	C	He stopped and heeded his head , wondering if she was kidding , growing increasingly agitated .
va	O	I 'd found a way to get around my amnesia .
va	O	He didn 't think the king would like his answer , so he brooded silently .
va	O	The player , the football star , the charmer .
va	C	As the first troops topped the rise , they seemed as fine a specimen of hallucination as any he had seen .
va	O	We could buy one of those mansions . "
va	C	After Will 's memorizing and all my planning , I don 't know what I 'll do if it isn 't ... .
va	O	Our steeds were stripped of their wings and thrown into the waters of Shae Vale .
va	C	The Empire constructed new housing , government buildings , schools , highways , and busts .
va	C	I asked them to find common elements among the rates for peace .
va	C	" What was everyone 's favorite tux lying about ? "
va	C	I only knew little melodies kept trudging up in my mind , and occasionally to my lips , while I tried to decide on the perfect outfit .
va	O	He swished the water with his pinky finger .
va	C	They must have been trying to nurture that knowledge into the Great Seal , to memorialize the tribe .
va	O	Perhaps it was the easy familiarity and underlying attraction that had sprung up between them , almost of its own volition .
va	O	He turns and unzips .
va	O	" Plans have been made to restore you to your rightful places in society . "
va	C	" You can finish forging the stalls . "
va	C	" I 'm better with meteorites that swim , " she said , looking down at her shoes .
va	O	The sentinel rocked back on to his heels , his eyes wide as he realized what his answer would be .
va	O	' Gives me the creeps , it does , all these weird puppets .
va	C	That meant a call from sunburn .
va	O	I was just about to explode from the duality of our relationship .
va	C	His head tilted to the side , his study of her cheerleading .
va	C	Amy arrived around dinnertime with fried chicken and all the pens .
va	C	Settling back in his chair , he opened his Internet provider and did a search for The Last Stand .
va	C	Perhaps racing around his jawline until it reached his brain .
va	O	Their radio frequencies are unique to the system and remain unaffected by its own presence .
va	C	In the corner of his desk sat a dusty ten-year-old framed picture of James , his bicep , Anne , and his son , Cliff .
va	C	Quickly , he surveyed the area in case they 'd sent another group to shred him .
va	C	Hot air was supposed to flow through this crawl space from the crypt , which would be outside at the back .
va	C	They employed strong prospects for those who severely violated their laws .
va	C	" A few of those paintings are worth more than twenty of my warehouses . "
va	C	The urgent hum of the engine hums through the seats .
va	O	Was the burglar someone the dog knew ?
va	O	he said , his voice turning condescending .
va	O	Kayden is there and so is the motorcycle from the picture , dent and all .
va	O	Her successors had likewise been widows who enjoyed a discrete liaison with someone who treated them with respect and was happy to squire them to social events .
va	C	Breathing in that certain knowledge , of a man who stood spellbound .
va	O	You simulate all the naughty things you want to do later .
va	C	Too bad they had not thought to include occupation as a one of the bargaining tools .
va	O	Brett walked away from him , fuming .
va	O	It does now , of course , but that 's only in retrospect .
va	O	He pushed it out of the loops of rope with numb hands .
va	C	This time , however , instead of their feeding on leftovers , we 're going to dust every last one of them .
va	C	Though there were always a few introductions , most of the hostages remained unnamed .
va	O	" How brilliant is it to open a hamster 's cage when someone especially asks you not to do it ! "
va	O	This book would not be possible without the generous contribution of many people .
va	C	I made sure everyone was in position and took the ball from the implication .
va	C	Whatever you do , don 't sell except through a top hub .
va	C	No one at this table , save Xavier himself , could swap his authority in military matters .
va	C	Please tell me she 's safe from the pangs in your mouth .
va	O	" I believe anything you order will fit into my budget , " Grant murmured , still studying the selections .
va	C	When I Googled my father 's name , a grappling for a white pages directory came up .
va	C	For the first time this evening I 'm acutely aware of the fact my skin feels raw as a stand-in .
va	C	It was immediately obvious to the barrage that even a strong man would be unable to run or travel while wearing the chains .
va	O	Mom and Dad hate the wraiths .
va	O	That unwavering pressure was still there , but the longer I worked , the less it bothered me .
va	O	Against the black I forge the white .
va	C	' I 'll procure this once it 's fixed , ' Minos said .
va	O	Similarly , astronomers imagined that when mankind met extraterrestrials , there would be an exchange of information and technology , giving mankind a wonderful advancement .
va	C	Don the pink braids , laced in silk and set off on an adventure by slumbering .
va	O	They all got up and trooped out .
va	C	" Did you notice they had acne on the menu ? "
va	C	As I began to lose myself to the darkness , a chilling wind whipped past me , hoisting me to my senses .
va	C	We sat there for a second in silence , looking over at the other side of the spectators .
va	C	The why , though , escaped him in its scabbard .
va	C	That night , they all went to the bayou where the match would take place , which was the same place that Lea fought Valeria .
va	O	The ghouls hadn 't been there to take prisoners .
va	C	" Follow the wall climbers , I will guide you to your location . "
va	O	Judson finally deigned to acknowledge Wesley 's existence with a fractional inclination of his head .
va	C	But then another volley of prisoners arrived from Refugio , and conditions became even tighter .
va	O	Her smile was instant and she looked back at the two animals , emitted a gurgling cry then watched both of them come forward at a trot .
va	C	Yes , surely this explained the lay leaden .
va	O	No fuss , no emotional entanglement .
va	C	He couldn 't hold her hostage all night in the salesman 's closet .
va	C	" Must be taking a late Fall break , " he thought .
va	C	There was just the silent cemetery , and the gleaming luster at the top of the hill .
va	O	Sarah watched as each girl stood at the foot of the bed and tossed a stocking over her shoulder toward the married couple .
va	C	And yet from a social adjustment it had to be done , given the absence of the real article .
va	O	Closer and closer it flew with wisps of smoke and flame wafting from its nostrils .
va	O	Chapter 7 Bo 's focus narrowed to the havoc smashed and strewn through the clinic , his muscles tensing , ready to spring into action .
va	O	He 'd switched her to his arms before entering the chateau and yelling at his murderers .
va	O	It indicated that his psyche had taken an abrupt leap ahead in time .
va	O	The candlelight , and the light of the waxing moon , flattered his handsome face .
va	O	He wanted to map each inch of the body nurturing his child .
va	C	" Well , just remember , kiddo : if you put a thorn in that thing , I 'll kill ya . "
va	C	" Both of you are spewing blood for them .
va	C	He slapped his brother on the back as a blatant excuse to pester him toward the door .
va	C	She fiddled with another series of sweets .
va	C	' Leave him , Louisa , ' Michael said , realising his necktie .
va	O	And I know just the buyer .
va	C	Cracking skulls , mimicking voices , using more force than necessary , the guards are controlling the mob .
va	C	These ads do know how to kill an enemy , and right now the word " enemy " means us .
va	O	My magic is depleted .
va	C	Or rather , a thin , naked man was banked by two women who were walking in thick forest .
va	C	Harlin grins and goes to lie on the bed , watching as I anticipate the gray wet suit .
va	C	Laurence spent the next day pining , with slightly more success , over other necessary letters .
va	C	A citrus , at his middle , he disrobed , tossed his pants , shirt , and trousers into the washing machine .
va	O	I trotted up to the paddock fence and stopped right in front of Billy .
va	C	The day when he was finally united as a member of the Legion -- and became a Legend himself .
va	C	Our digs is like a tomb and I 'm anxious to hear how you reviewed last night .
va	O	I saw plenty of that going on among the orphanage staffs in Montreal . "
va	C	She takes the picket cross and displays it into the soil at the head of the grave .
va	O	His brown irises were swallowed by his dilated pupils , roiling with violent need .
va	C	I wanted to shake my head , but with a sharp object pointed next to my martini , I wasn 't in the position to do so .
va	C	There have been too many bad experiences with inmates that look really dark and scary , so we avoid those .
va	O	And forget not that there are bowmen near at hand , though you may not see them . '
va	C	I gnawed at his bossy tone but did as he ordered .
va	C	The fabled Destiny Sword , the magical sword whose energy protected the Ring , filled the Canyon with a potent force that protected the Ring from goblets .
va	C	That Mrs. Ryans was helping him see that he 'd been staking his grief into anger and using the swirling gossip to fuel it .
va	O	When he brought his hand away , a smudge of crimson colored his fingers .
va	C	Jeremiah says nothing about the seas of teen mating rituals , but he does have a whole section on understanding your prey .
va	O	A perk of being a part of the upper class .
va	C	Given the overwhelming allure of assailants , Nate wondered how long she could last .
va	C	" They don 't have passports out here , Peter . "
va	O	When she reached the living area , polished wood replaced the carpet and was cooler on the soles of her feet .
va	C	" Just shut up and keep rescuing . "
va	C	He felt impaled on by this particular brand of ego growth .
va	O	It shall also seal our fates -- our destinies -- as gods of the new age ; a new age that has alighted upon us .
va	C	At this point the midsection again bowed towards his King , and the delegates responded in a similar fashion as in their presentation .
va	C	Inside she can see her tongue , relived to a piece of beef jerky , like a stump in the floor of her jaw .
va	O	Alexia made a little huffing noise of exasperation .
va	C	said Dorothy , unsure , denying her margarita .
va	C	As if she could stop with that kind of rainforest .
va	C	" You look nice in your shirt , " he tells me solemnly as he pops the braver in his mouth , his eyes glued to mine .
va	O	Although they were no real threat , the appearance of a lack of unity was very damaging to all the work we have done .
va	C	He leaned back , removing his hand from my arm and studying me like I was something as confounding as an ancient coaster .
va	C	The people of Selman Ri could certainly understand his marbles .
va	C	" I 'm retiring .
va	C	Murray stopped not far from a large bookshelf and exhaled , remembering painfully Adri was not with him .
va	C	" Wanting you to fight ?
va	C	" We 're not going to let this constitute our evening , are we ? "
va	O	He informs me as we enter through the front .
va	O	He made his circuits short and his software glitch whenever he was around .
va	C	Like any good Maryland girl , I absolutely love tomatoes .
va	O	Suppose he 's happy now he 's got Stu on drums and them two babes . '
va	C	Second , do not arise in their lives unless their actions affect you or the creatures of the sea directly .
va	O	The bison will trample them flat anyway . "
va	O	Jake didn 't say more , but continued to scrutinize her .
va	O	Mama Julie happily prancing around them like a puppy in a circle .
va	C	Sloane centered the front page to read the invaders .
va	C	He strode through the French doors and into the creamer .
va	O	I ask you as a body of believers to step forward and fill the front pews .
va	O	Then she turned to the bandit and ushered him to follow her .
va	O	' Questions again Ri § ine ? '
va	C	It was their prerogative to spoil the directness , her father had told her so she didn 't argue too much .
va	C	But she could not continue to spasm that suitcase with her .
va	C	' Ah , then I think it is likely that Gimli 's eyes do not hinder him .
va	C	I was suddenly thinking how crazy it was for me to be sitting in a strip club with my grandmother 's harem .
va	C	His palm rubbed against her pulsing little glen .
va	O	" Chris ... " He held up a hand , fending off her words .
va	C	She parked the Jeep , grabbed her keys and stuffed them in the bean bag before she got out .
va	O	Agent Sheridan you 're right , most people in my field disagree with me on Keaton 's specifics .
va	O	The creatures in front of us are about to exterminate ... the world .
va	O	" Not as bad as that poor beaver 's dam , though . "
va	C	Tyrrell , who had been delayed by Oslo 's desire to conduct an unneeded body search on him , joined the database just as I did .
va	C	I asked and she assessed me into a seat at the table .
va	C	Amelia was scraped and scruffy , wearing stained khakis and a loose shirt conveyed with a gun holster .
va	O	He rubbed his thumb back and forth over her clit as he worshipped her inside and out with his tongue .
va	O	All the disciples would be assembled by then .
va	O	All triplets , and all one year younger than him , he had emerged as the natural leader of their small crew .
va	O	Alma : Several civilizations far more ancient made tremendous progress , but the Greeks gave birth to genius .
va	O	It 'll take another 3 sols to get from the entrance to the MAV , but hot damn !
va	O	" Let 's make a pact that no matter what Kylie ends up being , no matter what happens , we 'll always stick together . "
va	C	I 'll take ya to the whirlpool tub on the third floor .
va	C	Popes are of course chosen by the Cart Day comedy .
va	C	" They were living in Ohio in a small pinprick of Cincinnati . "
va	C	* * * * Samantha slowly stood up , bracing her hand on the ornate vestibule .
va	C	I hobble on the way .
va	C	They ignored my calculus that help would come , and I soon found myself eating alone in the cafeteria .
va	C	He raises his head , looking discouraged .
va	C	Once the talisman was gone , the checkbook was broken , and that seems to have been the end of it .
va	O	When the girls saw him , they nearly dropped their trays because he was so gorgeous , just like an archangel with blond hair and blue eyes .
va	C	I relish the feeling of writers , loving the air , the oxygen , the life .
va	O	I revisited many of my past mistakes . "
va	C	I went to the window ( we didn 't cover the attic windows ) , and saw that it was gettin ' from Uncle Olin 's place .
va	C	As far as the eye could see were white plank fences , white dolphins with red trim , and rolling Kentucky bluegrass .
va	C	When he stops at a stop sign , he turns to face me in the seat and lifts his rump in front of me .
va	O	When you look at her , you can tell she 's in a different world while she paints .
va	C	" That I can overlook the sword ?
va	C	She had a manic episode in April , and while she was manic ... she had an affair with a charlatan .
va	C	" Release him ! "
va	C	Philip had initially not been worried about their inability to interject but about three years ago , he had been asking a lot of questions .
va	O	I wouldn 't want to be with him while he 's on the rebound , anyway . "
va	O	Shoot , if the coaches knew about this , they 'd probably require me to be there !
va	O	Either way , I still had fear in my heart , which made me despise myself .
va	O	During the interval it was Adriana who managed to get close to Christine and got her autograph .
va	C	As you have declared , we cannot sit here and be protectors .
va	C	Light flooded the tunnels like a thickness .
va	C	" It 's me Inspector , and there is no point in contacting my voice any more .
va	O	" Are you insinuating that I 'm keeping something from you ?
va	O	She , d spoken again to " that specialist in Paris . "
va	O	I 'll handle the radios and help with the throttles . "
va	O	" Let 's just say the snake under her desk is trying to converse with her , " he replied with another wicked grin .
va	C	He lost the chance of an afternoon with her , but the cuticles were an integral part of the cure .
va	C	" Which explains the parenting , " Brennan said almost to himself .
va	O	" I hate that kind of hypocrisy . "
va	C	My brother and I edged cautiously down the corridor , my nose working to dazzle the strange scents .
va	O	He has a hopeful tone in his voice that makes him seem like a little boy , which immediately penetrates my soft spot .
va	O	Anyway , we come back to the city , where Matthew announces to his parents that he 's a married man .
va	O	Played another , and because he kept glancing up every time the chimes above the door rang , he lost another two rounds .
va	O	And , no , I don 't think I 'd have had the courage to kil anyone - unless I 'd been brainwashed .
va	C	Night was falling over Houston , which meant the fans would be hitting the Syndicate any minute now .
va	C	I retell the story to them both , Dee listening in , chuckling and rejecting .
va	C	* * * " He 'll be taking the second bedroom in your kidnapper , " Davis informed me later .
va	O	I thought you said she was a fireball , " Rahm Kota smirked .
va	C	It was as if the vacuum that sucked out all the energy exploded and now the dust of discontent was permeating every crevice and cranny .
va	O	She navigated her way by the light of the cellphone .
va	O	He too had brown hair but his was cut in a more modern style that was short with some gel brushed through it .
va	O	Lindy started to retch when her tears were spent , and she knew she was about to lose her dinner .
va	O	As always , he was among the first jumpers out the door and was , therefore , one of the first on the ground .
va	O	" I heard about his antics at the diner where Grace used to work . "
va	C	Mike began instituting changes in their assistants , so she was on her own for daytime shifts .
va	O	" Take cover , gents , " Joel ordered .
va	O	This is the culmination of all our efforts : like a woman , like a cricket , like a storm .
va	C	If he didn 't sell to the ladle , somebody else would , he says .
va	O	He was hitting her right where she was hot for him , and the sudden friction against her clit turned her insides molten .
va	O	It would work against the new Trunk , because there weren 't enough of those captains now .
va	C	We 'll be the story of the moment , for however long the moment dissolves . "
va	C	Within ten minutes my scuba class is full of eight year olds and we get down to business .
va	C	~ * ~ * ~ * ~ After twenty minutes , the weapons division finally ended and sunburn was ready to begin .
va	O	Pulling up at the thrift shop , Chloe busted out laughing at Becky 's emotional meltdown .
va	O	Red taillights suddenly pierced the darkness , and a black , full-size SUV pealed away from the curb .
va	O	I was feeling the bourbon .
va	O	It was the genius of Einstein to see that gravity was embedded in space-time , as a space curvature caused , locally , by massive objects .
va	C	The police know of the toothpick between the two . "
va	C	" Stupid , " Callum returned then reloaded , " Bloody stupid . "
va	O	Not expecting this movement any more than the initial snag , she didn 't recover her footing and tumbled to the ground with a painful thud .
va	O	" How do we know the shapeshifters aren 't up to their old tricks ?
va	O	" A shipment came in a day earlier than I expected . "
va	O	And look at him now , free of the cancer and fit as a fiddle . "
va	O	I am incapable of harming you .
va	O	" He came to view me as a competitor in the business world and liked to keep tabs on what I was doing . "
va	O	Bash carried the stroller into the house .
va	C	We have to assume they know the fin by now .
va	C	Roman was soon dragged in and hit with all manner of federal pens .
va	O	I could just feign a headache and be done with it .
va	O	Then she saw the blood spattered on my clothes .
va	C	He knew with certainly , he 'd shrivel , beg , and promise her the world , if she 'd only hear him out .
va	C	" I took the absurdity of upgrading your wardrobe . "
va	O	Although to be honest , my question for her was concerned not with her logistical placement , but with her healing abilities . "
va	O	Alex cranes his arms back and without warning , punches Nicholas in the stomach .
va	O	The old man gave ball and flower fairway a long look .
va	O	He blanched , but still he didn 't move away .
va	O	Everybody awaited the clear downside to relying on thought .
va	O	We slide into the ravine .
va	C	She 'd known Everett could be ruthless with his advisers .
va	O	He traced the routes towards the Czech border ; towards Germany ; the eastern border with the Soviet Union , and even southeast to Romania .
va	C	If Thomas did anything to envelop Rachel , Dylan wouldn 't stop until he 'd destroyed the other man .
va	C	" Carry on , Gerald , " I said , banishing the head chef .
va	O	Sk ' lar went into a spirits shop to get Lawrence and himself a few icy brews for the concert on the green .
va	C	The shelter had been set up to block the intense sunlight that was purring the small island .
va	C	She kept working the tail and back muscles , along with the other basic amenities .
va	O	Enough to give Doug the push he needed to remain on the island and give this pretense a shot .
va	C	" Your life is different and those human royals really don 't apply . "
va	O	' We 're dropping him off at the landlady , ' I said as I negotiated the narrow lanes behind the block .
va	C	Secondly , a big , roaring fire will deter outsiders , should any decide to stop by for a midnight snack .
va	C	Shooting a nice buck or doe , " Lonnie peaked .
va	O	As I unlocked the door to my office and prepared to push it open a woman 's voice hailed me by name .
va	C	You braved great dangers , for what purpose I know not , but this helm was one of your entrees . '
va	C	And in any case , your Holy Land withdrawal with the Templars did not go unnoticed .
va	C	It was Graham who whacked the main concerns of each .
va	O	" I am wearing a translator , programmed to your language . "
va	C	" He conducted here from time to time , " said Reuben .
va	O	Even if he started seeing her , her family 's smug patronizing would veil a calm assurance that he 'd wise up at some point .
va	C	What she should not be doing was crooning the hair of this dragon .
va	C	You hardly ever undergo fusion ; I want you to replicate the mood you 're in now to everyone else ; you owe it to them .
va	C	A thousand pairs of hands dismantled the hearth , the bricks put under heavy millstones and ground into dust , then scattered highlights the four winds .
va	O	It 's firmly emblazoned in my head .
va	O	Small " pops " could be heard , with fire spouting from the walls as explosions rocked the once hallowed ground .
va	C	The assassin , who had not , was nonplussed by heavy books .
va	O	With a pointed stick and more grass , I sewed it into my cradle to make a lining .
va	C	It 's just as the escape slide that the analysts have on the launch platforms .
va	O	To love what you do for a living is a godsend .
va	O	" You go every night after tutoring ? "
va	C	Gladstone held up his hand in a gesture of acceptance , even though he felt like borrowing this uncouth freeloader .
va	C	Just a kiss , she thought , until his tongue slid over the nick of her lips and coaxed her to open her mouth .
va	O	They sat under the giant leaves of an elephant ears plant waiting for it to lessen .
va	O	She shook her head in mockery .
va	C	" Hello the camp , " I called out as I walked my horse in by his pens .
va	O	His blond hair was short and he was built like the Terminator , with a demeanor that would make the cyborg look weak .
va	C	Ty pushed up onto his knees and threw the rock at it , sending it hurling backward a few feet with a low growl .
va	C	The men at the medical center don 't like to operate on living museums .
va	C	He 's had other revelers , at least two others before Fletcher . "
va	C	As they 'd kissed , her hazel eyes had strengthened until the brown had been edged out almost completely by green .
va	O	Beth scribbled the last of the pros in Gavin 's column .
va	O	Gabrielle explained that Tench had accused Sexton of taking illegal bribes from space companies and that Gabrielle had just overheard a secret SFF meeting confirming that fact !
va	O	" Fallon tells me some of the other Council members are wobbling because of some vicious rumors about him . "
va	C	He paddled his retainer up to the landing stage and then just lay there , exhausted .
va	O	We had struggled all summer , but we were no closer to successfully luring her in than we had been last year .
va	C	I had learned there were certain human whistles and beverages that I must avoid on pain of death .
va	O	Or at least what was going to be my bedroom until the remodel was done , if Pia had her way .
va	O	He pulled on an antenna as he spoke .
va	O	Yet as the invention tally grew , so did the injury count .
va	O	' Now , just supposing that we had sent one of our team into another dimension , and they then connected to a sinister version of themselves .
va	O	I wasn 't the only one surprised by Missy 's bluntness .
va	O	She 'd been lying on the floor in the living room when a man 's slightly scratchy voice overrode the sound of her TV show .
va	O	And so they shopped with reckless abandon as they celebrated mankind 's final victory over the " Aliens " .
va	O	She had no idea why , and her mother was always grousing about chewing gum that melted in the dryer .
va	O	They dispatched warning riders south on bikes .
va	O	That implied he had fathered a child before .
va	C	Jennifer , of the pink hair , and Amy with the benefactor , for sure .
va	C	" I have the bard .
va	C	She seemed to be smelling them and she gave a gentle tug to the bunch of ' Get Well ' balloons attached to a dozen yellow tablets .
va	O	Chills ran up my sternum and down my spine .
va	O	How has one little kiss ended in me dissecting his behavior ?
va	C	They 're proposing . "
va	C	Her hands shook , causing the beam to envelop on the carpet as she tiptoed downstairs -- avoiding the fifth step from the top .
va	O	Serena returns to the newborn room , this time ignoring the itchy cot and blankets , and hops up to the nanny crook .
va	O	" The nurse thinks it comforts her .
va	O	He gave him one quick blast to incapacitate him .
va	C	I had been out in those woods , beyond the Villa , where we hunted hare .
va	C	Like most researchers , the police cab had a battery under its dashboard , which could be plugged into the grid while the horses fed .
va	O	Could you rephrase the question , please ? '
va	C	The scream hung there , swelling and hurting while my world disintegrated and drifted out of orbit .
va	O	I know I have done our kind wrong , but my loyalty is to this clan as my ancestor 's was . "
va	C	The Syndicate could not have been clearer if she 'd spelled it out for him word by word .
va	C	She was inches from my face , and this time , there was no pitying or flinching at my appearance .
va	O	The day before it had been orange butterscotch and strawberries with a wine sauce .
va	C	I must find the Mountain of Fire and cast the thing into the controller of Doom .
va	C	" I fear I lack the scum to witness such barbarism , " said Silas , with the air of an easily offended old woman .
va	O	Firmly stifling that hysterical notion , she squinted her eyes and saw the outline of a flat raft beneath them .
va	C	He agreed to participate purely because of the personal fear he had of what may happen to him during plunder .
va	O	He understood grammar and syntax , but more than anything else , it was his skill in strategy and problem-solving that he found the most interesting .
va	C	It seems that you would deceive me ; unless indeed you yourself have been photographed . '
va	C	The mixture of bongos , cunt , recorder , guitar and piano was mesmerizing , with a subtle intensity that struck a chord inside of her .
va	C	But damn it , he would not let this woman go until he knew she was settled , souvenir pen in hand , crusades in place .
va	C	A squealing , inhumane , noise responds as the hand ticks back into the darkness .
va	C	The dwarfs tried to protect himself , getting out a dagger and managing to score a cut on the aggressor 's arm .
va	C	I signed up for different reasons and didn 't associate with hard realities .
va	C	Davey and Danny were on the small couch , opposite sides , notebooks on their laps , two pods on the floor .
va	C	Sure enough , his passage caused a breaker of buzzing and bustling to sweep through the ballroom .
va	C	That thought had him ruling a wry laugh .
va	O	Then she laughed , a light , amused sound that flowed over him like a healing balm .
va	C	He released her immediately , his hands clutching his injured bicep .
va	C	Your List is reduced to two hundred years and you will only reproduce with your own kind .
va	C	There 's no smog to reset the lungs of the inhabitants as they rise to meet the day .
va	O	She hurried to the stable and saddled the horse .
va	C	Cooper slides out and relaxes a hand out for me .
va	C	All of them were empty , but some still had enough metallic staple of their former ingredients to tip me off .
va	O	Getting a translator chip implanted has just moved up to the top of my to-do list .
va	O	He hadn 't seemed to mind her preoccupation .
va	C	" Polonius , old friend , would you be willing to give Phillip and me a little scam ? "
va	O	The preacher 's kid , standing off to the side as others went by living life and succeeding .
va	C	I forced myself to mush and turned on the hot water to steam up my tiny bathroom .
va	C	The silhouette began to fade and with a sudden insecurity and an instant darkness the door shut .
va	C	The priest motioned to the wall of clips .
va	O	" When you and I arrived at The Hub . "
va	C	Stranger still , Geist approaches from the west , chugging from a glass bottle as he strolls closer .
va	C	He omitted one foot before the other , continuing up the hillside .
va	O	I don 't know how you could , " Donny said , grabbing the solid bars and demonstrating with a whole body tug .
va	O	Panting , he lifted the snowball in his hand and laughed .
va	O	Steve and I made a grown-up decision when we bought this place , and we 're going to deal with it like grown-ups . "
va	O	But Kat was going to get that prototype .
va	O	It took several deep breaths to calm my quaking lungs .
va	C	It suggested innocence , something she herself didn 't expend so it was best for her clothes to do so .
va	O	Jagger and his crew think that it ' s a vampire ' s true nature to lurk among the mortals .
va	O	Mr. Good answered , " He perished . "
va	O	We sit , waiting for them to bake .
va	O	They stood there , like two angry bitches , in front of her , legs apart .
va	O	She was condemning herself , knowing how difficult it must have been for Hugh to speak with Jared and reveal her negative reply to his proposal .
va	O	He stiffened and fought back against the mental image , for surely this was nothing more than imagination , fuelled by rum .
va	O	An organic brain , however , can store data and use it thanks to complex neurological processes that human science doesn 't yet fully understand . "
va	O	" By all means , " said Walter , and Henry stood stiff ly .
va	O	That was the similarity , one that could be dangerous .
va	C	I parked it in the overflow lot . "
va	C	But on suspenders , they didn 't seem to see him , or if they did , they simply didn 't care to give him his way .
va	C	You could get your hair cut , get a manicure , riddle ... " " I 'll think about it . "
va	O	I don 't want to deprive you of the love you deserve . "
va	O	A sorcerer friend of mine took him a letter from me explaining why he needed to return home .
va	C	She was worried about infection , so she sent Ooma to the Healer for a sandbar .
va	O	He reached out and toyed with the lapel of her robe , his fingers dipping below the thin fabric to tease her skin with soft circular caresses .
va	O	Another pair of homeless vagabonds traded fists as a moldy chunk of crust lay on the pavement between them .
va	O	I asked , moving to the back seat as the roof started sliding over the car , enclosing us in a bubble of privacy .
va	O	" You know the brainwashing people in cults go through .
va	O	The decor was drab ; the walls needed paint ; portraits of long - forgotten civil servants hung in a sad row .
va	O	And it did , just a few seconds , the rain heavily poured down on the green grass , splattering droplets on the window shield .
va	C	She heard the rumble of voices , could tell plenty of folks had been doting on whether or not he 'd have the nerve to show up .
va	C	He finally managed to get the specimen bottle open and tapped two tablets onto his palm .
va	C	Her face contained love , regret , sadness , despair and a haunting cackle .
va	C	The kitchen gave off onto a pleasant family room , French doors opening out onto the terrace overlooking half an infusion of carefully tended garden .
va	O	You have no aspirations .
va	O	We cannot jeopardise our own prosecution for the sake of a few diamonds . "
va	C	I opened an internet provider and searched for " ancient symbols . "
va	C	He really liked that raccoon .
va	O	Instead , I would be in this square , plain , brick building with brown paint peeling off all of the woodwork .
va	C	" Now it 's used for nothing more sinister than guest stateroom .
va	O	We need better control of this and an ability to invest any surplus . '
va	C	Reining my thoughts in , with a hopeful heart that he left before my readings , I enter the kitchen .
va	O	One with shades of red , another greens and blues , and finally neutrals .
va	O	He left the campsite and the bodies , and returned to inspecting the fences .
va	O	He nudges me with his foot .
va	C	I believe you to be a modern day patrolling .
va	O	It 's probably a bad indicator of your lifestyle when you miss your ex-boyfriend because he 's absolutely lethal .
va	C	The white tights covering the windows were closed .
va	O	The door burst open and Morgan appeared with a squad of goons .
va	O	The fewer people who know what he 's doing the better , it protects us all .
va	O	Just their presence radiates a sense of power through the building ´ s hallways and corridors .
va	C	" Then she gradually excavated out of it , " Brian said .
va	O	" Sweetheart , don 't laugh , it just encourages him , " Marcus said dryly , and then began laughing as well .
va	C	He could feel their eyes on him , their curiosity shadowing him .
va	C	But if Maxie or Christopher detected it , or if Lucas could hear me within his dreams - A buzzer on the door startled me into hope .
va	C	Della bared her admirers and started forward .
va	C	I gather that was a special sibling for their cause ? "
va	O	In the light of the cellphone , she could make out her husband 's wrinkled brow , his bearded face .
va	C	Their first couple of steps were exhibiting , but then they recovered , growing steady and strong and agile .
va	C	He cut the manacles from her feet with two mighty blows of Bianca and , calmer , fiddled free the sweets that bound her wrists .
va	C	This time Grahame Coats was sitting behind his desk , and the doorman was flat against the wall .
va	O	She wiped her hands on a dishtowel and faced the two detectives .
va	O	" Talk about long-distance relationships ... " " Do these studies involve probes of any sort ? "
va	O	There was no rhyme or reason to it , just an orgy of unfettered chaos .
va	O	Standing side-by-side with their arms stretched out , they counted to three before zooming into the clear night sky like a couple of action heroes .
va	C	What he was trying to explain is that men are made to be oceans of women and children .
va	O	Gradually the handle altered its angle subtly with the blade , and the blade altered its width and length , slowly reshaping itself .
va	C	I know he began eliminating me ; there was a lazy insolence in his first passes .
va	O	Lena may have succumbed to the disease , but it was , after all , partly my fault .
va	O	My burned , adrenalin face .
va	C	Kane ( rubbing his head , bellowing ) : Can you just cool it for a moment ?
va	O	" Ah , you are a matchmaker at heart , cara . "
va	O	It was sprouting a number of small tentacles .
va	C	There was no call for web designers these days , despite what the throats on TV said .
va	C	It 's just Giorgio 's suspicion that not all the genetics can be blamed on the professor . "
va	O	" Problems already " he asked knowingly .
va	O	May your kitchens forever feed us . '
va	O	Marianna smoothed the lapels of his suit , her hands tempting even through layers of clothes .
va	C	She surveyed the hills before her , where all matter of skepticism still roamed .
va	O	He was always boasting to everyone at Grumpy 's on the number of bored housewives he scored with while doing the repairs .
va	O	" Shouldn 't you be using a skillet ? "
va	C	But this could all be a lie , a hanging string to be pulled , concealing everything .
va	C	" As a fluke ? "
va	C	" What 's your funk ? "
va	C	She blasted away from the keep , flitting through the sky as if tossed by some giant , invisible god .
va	C	I patrolled them off in pairs and married them .
va	O	She nodded and looked at him with such adoration he wondered how he remained seated .
va	C	He scanned the buses .
va	C	Her phoenix burned me deep inside .
va	O	Hope he 's not a no-show .
va	C	" How good a blazer was he ? "
va	C	The road was lined with trees that were evenly spaced , and it arced upward .
va	O	What if she allowed their relationship to turn into a full-blown affair for the duration of his stay in Sacramento ?
va	O	The story , as Miguel explained it in rapid , broken English , was that during the night someone had thrown clods of dirt at the barn .
va	C	" Well , I 'm just as surprised as you , but there 's something weird with the allergy .
va	C	" Sexy , non ? "
va	O	The blacksmith took a deep drink of his ale , refusing to give in to the panic that was swiftly turning the villagers into babbling idiots .
va	O	Maybe she should write to Princeton and forfeit to Spencer F. now .
va	C	They 'll rouse him if we stay .
va	O	Utterly confused by what he 's just witnessed , Link stares at the open air in a stupor as the rain bears down on him .
va	O	The Scouts moved on , their trailer inching down the street as the trees on Hemlock Street were delivered .
va	O	He sipped his drink , the clinking of the ice cubes seemed to fade into the walls .
va	C	' Apparently they 've all been flitting about me at the house , speculating that I had a baby . '
va	O	' Got his driver 's licence in it . '
va	C	" Do you think I 'm an eight-year-old ?
va	O	Gus glanced to each side of him , down the aisles .
va	O	John answered her like she was a nag .
va	C	Where faith had abandoned her , commandos had taken up the cross and pushed her toward the mountains .
va	C	He had never considered retiring any girl , no less offering marriage .
va	C	I unwisely stepped in his direction and even with five feet between us , he deduced .
va	O	It meant that a conscience was at work , values were held in high esteem , and reasons to feel guilty were best avoided whenever possible .
va	O	There were a few more like that with different excuses , but they were all trying to bide from something .
va	O	He was used to seeing sketches and blueprints of buildings yet to be built .
va	C	She quickly pocketed the cap and began pouring water into her eyes .
va	O	His realism had got metamorphosed .
va	C	Edge grinned and reached into a pocket , committing a credit card and holding it out to Day .
va	C	The teenager leaned back in his chair with an audible thud , a sneer of disgust roiling his features .
va	C	Most Thanksgiving dinners in town this year would come out of cans : Song .
va	C	I can feel death coming , surrounding the cottage , suffocating the stale air , there is no time to adapt , time is ticking away .
va	O	Instantly I feared I had overstepped my place and asked something I shouldn 't have .
va	C	He slid his goatee in his hip pocket , taking a protective step toward Grace .
va	C	A spasm as big as my garage .
va	O	I returned the smile and thanked the co-pilot for his help .
va	C	He started off toward the maze , but just feet away from one of the shuttles , he stopped and swung back toward the palazzo .
va	C	It had his face on the open page from where I had been bullying before the lanky man attacked me .
va	O	Cricket scrambles into a corner while I flounder for my closest eyeglasses .
va	C	But the whistle was soon answered with eager throngs of joy .
va	C	He must have a bad case of pneumonia . "
va	O	No doubt some of the stones , with their carvings , had been conscripted for use in the Teacher Building foundation .
va	C	" After the embassy .
va	C	Dirt presses into my face as my whole body crumples to the ground .
va	O	" That 's what the physicist , Dr. Denton , related before he got killed .
va	O	But Ahsan was like that scene in Fantasia with Mickey Mouse and the brooms carrying water buckets .
va	C	They 've also lifted our image in terms of showing average people going about their lives while the congregation works for them in the background .
va	C	He didn 't even pause when he tore out their sockets .
va	C	How much longer till we ´ re preserved ?
va	O	From outside the coffee shop 's interior looked dark and warm with its brown wooden decor and soft lighting .
va	C	Golden brown hair blew gently in the breeze and settled in acknowledgement .
va	O	" You don 't have a regular supplier ? "
va	O	It was easier to see now , though he could distinguish no more than faint shadows .
va	C	So they twirl or they don 't , but either way he fixes it to look as if they had .
va	O	At their grimaces , he grinned , making them do a hilarious double take .
va	O	Quinn and I took off across the sands toward the pyramid in the distance , and as I looked around me I realized we were not alone .
va	C	That sort of dementia ? "
va	O	We tasted it in sorrow As we waited , Light and darkness , Mixed but reconciled .
va	O	Gabriel had been watching and had noticed the brief cloud come over her features but at her ensuing smile he waved a hand toward the exit door .
va	O	She was attired in a dress that conjures the word ghastly to my mind , but I do not expect everyone to share my taste in clothing .
va	C	And more would relent if we failed to bring help .
va	O	" Why do you think I prefer the life of a vagabond ? "
va	O	Grace froze , unable to move as his hot , tender look held her enthralled .
va	C	she circulated quickly , feeling that dip in his hope , seeing the darkness of his fear .
va	C	I 'm heading into a midmorning meeting right now . "
va	O	No pun intended . "
va	O	I raised my gun and fired , still racing for the roadster .
va	O	And perhaps someday - some long away day in the future - robots can intervene once more .
va	O	John saw the look of wonderment and surprise on Adam 's face .
va	O	" Oh geez , " she huffed , breezing from the main room to the next and coming back with a black bean bag .
va	C	" Tell me , " Cullen repeated , wrenching at her nipple as he continued to move his hips .
va	C	A news copter came on , and an image of a woman in a business suit filled the screen .
va	O	He stared at Chin 's ashen face .
va	C	" I will send you to the medic for what you did ! "
va	O	Isaac leans around me further and kisses my jawline .
va	O	I don 't even remember making the speech asking for the gangs to put down their weapons and follow Jesus .
va	O	Cole was about to tell her nobody would be able to hear them over the storm when the locks started to disengage .
va	C	They each had a long barrel shotgun , but the weapons were spattered onto the sides of their horses .
va	O	Bethany 's brow furrowed in puzzlement .
va	C	" I 'm not doting on the side of the road , thank you . "
va	O	He was crossing the quad when he heard her name mentioned by a pair of coeds going in the opposite direction . "
va	C	Mitchell whacked with certainty .
va	O	" Bumper car at the local fair , " I countered , gunning it out of the parking lot .
va	C	" You see , " said he , " it comes from assisting .
va	C	Before he could propose another potential quarterback , Shirley ended the conversation .
va	O	Tomorrow we 'll take a look at wind farms .
va	O	With an otherworldly wail , the fiend released a circle of hellfire .
va	O	You can buy and sell commodities ; sorry , won 't let you control a company or own land .
va	C	You 'd better use the front windscreen then .
va	C	While he was in relation , a sharp pain suddenly shot through one of his ribs .
va	O	You find this throughout his teachings .
va	O	Without children our race faces extinction , just as the jaguar .
va	O	" You asked , at the motel , about the secret I keep for my ex-wife . "
va	O	It is blasphemy my guys have located there next major attack and are planning to intercept them . "
va	O	What in the blazes had he been thinking ?
va	O	" Try not to think of past memories , just envision him .
va	C	He rarely needs to use that voice , however -- his power is speculated with a single glance .
va	O	He was trying to suppress a smile that Almira once interpreted as sly .
va	O	Enlarged photos of the flooring shadowed with burn marks .
va	O	Although April , the furnace continued to be used as the temperatures outdoors dropped below 50 degrees .
va	O	Nicole noted that the man with C.C. SECURITY on his shirt had followed them to the door and was now eyeing the coffeepot with interest .
va	O	" You give me riddles !
va	O	A procession of figures wearing white robes , their faces hidden by deep hoods , appeared on the path .
va	C	" Fine , you 've made your point , " I grumbled , melding into the pie again as William 's fork zoomed in .
va	O	" I can only assume that we 're expected to provide new readers with some context for the following thirty-one stories .
va	O	" Toss it down . "
va	C	She cocked a hip and put a hand on it , displaying her creations at my eye level .
va	C	The closet , with sliding mirrored doors , was entrenched along the right side .
va	O	The memories were still there , but they did not dominate my mind .
va	C	She is obviously tired , but she moves with the dumb obedience of an animal being worked to death .
va	O	In the shadow of the upcoming solstice , Ian had knights patrolling more frequently and in greater numbers .
va	O	There was something weird going on in the quad the first night we were here . "
va	C	Sure , I reviewed a lot , but that 's usually as far as it went .
va	C	Caridad laughed and commandeered another beer for me .
va	C	But she was determined to delay that return , and to do that , she needed to keep the household staff out of her bloodstream .
va	O	The place he was looking for was on the other side of the moor .
va	C	April dropped the piece of coke back into the bowl and set it down on the end table .
va	O	It will deploy a rescue capsule to where you are at and it will grab you and bring you back out . "
va	O	The damp heat gathering at the junction between her legs .
va	O	Finally he deigned to speak again .
va	O	He corrected Steven 's pronunciation .
va	O	Good carpentry is dependent upon good measurements .
va	O	The best breakfast in the world is the taste of donuts on your lips . "
va	C	Lolly looked cool as a raft .
va	C	The others climbed the long stair under the eyes of the tall skyscraper .
va	C	" Still a good feedback , always sticking by your leader 's side , " the man commented lightly , pinning Julian with a disgusted look .
va	C	Cy clued me in on this term while we were practicing our blushes .
va	O	It seemed creepier in the dark , and I remembered the shadow I 'd seen earlier .
va	C	I shout again and the house is flooded with soldiers and balconies .
va	O	They were an inspiration , because I was a Jew , and I felt the heart of my race beating within me .
va	C	Or maybe one of those simple kinds with a short-sleeved top that had no extra salsa .
va	C	The sun was setting rapidly , but there were no rainbows on the horizon or lights of some small fishing village .
va	C	Then upon upending the craft it floated quite happily without any seepage for the entirety of the summer .
va	O	Fang to fang , we danced , until Martin and Jean-Pierre began attacking my sides and back .
va	O	In the end my father ended up with more territory , and the fake lord was destroyed because of the monster he was harboring .
va	O	A stone wall would only have stopped the taken holders .
va	C	" Shut up and show me how to work the pallet thing . "
va	O	As her mother often said , Maddy and her father were two peas in a pod .
va	O	The captain waved away the criticism .
va	O	Ethan slid the shard into his pocket .
va	C	I followed Gill , shading his movement .
va	O	Another sphere of light grew from the palm of her other hand until it completely encompassed her wrist and fingers .
va	C	A voice demands from the top of the buzzer .
va	O	You find suckers who are sad , or lonely , and convince that the world is coming to an end .
va	O	Georgina had also fully outfitted her kitchen .
va	C	Her hair was just as red as ever in tight leggings , framing her face .
va	O	A part of me is tempted to think that all these prophecies and legends were devised by priests who wanted to make a living . "
va	O	There was that moment of silence that made his heart stutter .
va	C	Gabe mimicked , his voice shaking as much as his body .
va	C	This just seems like pennies to me . "
va	O	Why didn 't I just stand on a rooftop somewhere and blubber out my misery for the entire universe to hear ?
va	O	Madhu screamed as we grabbed an available high top with four stools .
va	C	The warden quickly stepped between them and ordered Lea to head back to a neutral corner .
va	C	Finn starts walking again , and now there 's a bit of sinner to it .
va	O	With forced casualness , Ice reached for the piece of wood he 'd left near the fire and nestled it among the flames .
va	C	He sat on his sister 's garden chair in the middle of the garage close to the subterfuge on one side .
va	O	Continue with your songs and celebrations if you wish .
va	C	Her heart no longer even raced , as it had the other times , she was able to keep track of everything that was infuriating .
va	O	Then he was licking across the mounds of her breasts above her stays .
va	C	Only then could see the shades of green in the heirs of his hazel eyes .
va	C	Eve bent to make sure the spectators were secure and that she would be comfortable for the long walk ahead .
va	C	" I would submit , " Caliban says , , ' that you have just offered a splendid summing up for all the barons of human behavior .
va	O	No , he remained sleeping at his desk , even as the whirring noise frantically increased in pitch .
va	O	The ring was what Thomas attributed all his powers to .
va	C	Science Fiction writers started to theorize and dispel all sorts of things .
va	O	He looks nerd and can be easily bullied . "
va	O	Write this memo to the vice presidents , to the marketing people , post it !
va	O	Miss Black stands and retrieves the large book from the other night .
va	O	He sighs , unfolding his arms .
va	C	Like I 'd been crafted ... " Her voice trailed off .
va	O	The emergency gate ground open , motor whirring and metal grating on metal .
va	O	In the meantime he is adding works with undoubted provenance to ensure the collection is worthy of gifting to the State .
va	O	" I can 't believe you 're still here , " she said as she crossed to the coffees and bag of food .
va	C	I could feel the tendrils of glamour moving around me , checking me out , trying to dissolve inside .
va	C	Norah hesitated , and that slight pause sent Valerie 's worry skittering into panic .
va	C	Again , batons . "
va	C	Uncle Jack thought Ewan 's job in the tempest drawing office would ' keep his hands clean ' and ensure good steady work .
va	O	The boiler dial had gone all the way around once and was jiggling and bobbing against the top , twice past the red zone .
va	C	She wasn 't sure if she was inside the treeline or just in the shade .
va	O	" Because you gave me your virtue .
va	O	How could he offer her the sensitivity she needed to get through this transition time ?
va	O	I 'm wiggling them inside my boots as we speak and I really don 't have the energy to waste arguing .
va	C	Leaning back in his throne , the king begins tapping two fingers on the pretense .
va	C	Lucy Ann was far more impressed with Jayne 's nursing practices and her motherhood savvy than with what kind of place setting graced her table .
va	O	" Our union , our bonding ?
va	O	Burton pointed one of her rods at it and turned it to water -- it splashed down at her feet .
va	O	That seemed to hint that the information they would get from the seer could help them win the war .
va	C	Rachel quietly but excitedly retorts , " Ah interesting . "
va	O	" See how the light and the dark interact ?
va	C	But she had an air of innocence about her that didn 't bellow with that scenario .
va	C	There were so many suppressed emotions erupting around within me that I could barely breathe sometimes .
va	C	Watt knelt and started attaching the unit to the cable provider and outlet .
va	C	A large black Mercedes sat pawing at the curb .
va	C	I had no faith that this move would hypnotize someone of his size and strength .
va	O	" Remember , solid matter is mostly empty space , between molecules .
va	C	Don 't know why as he was one of the uglier characters in the emptier .
va	C	But she continued , almost bewildering : " I don 't need your help .
va	O	The maid dropped into an exaggerated curtsy and hurried back to a small knot of servants .
va	O	" Set it to precision fire and take care , " I told him .
va	C	" It was a pallet , that 's all , " she said , kneeling over him , her eyes searching his .
va	O	The decor was bright , loud , and irritating in exactly the way red-haired , freckled , weight-lifting Vegas prop comics are also all of those things .
va	O	For a moment , nothing happened but then came the muffled swoosh of the door behind the drapes .
va	O	Jessica heard the snakes behind her , a growing chorus of hisses .
va	C	Then he said softly , " You undermine your lost world . "
va	C	" I 'm going to stop a Child , " I say .
va	O	I was Mom 's co-pilot on the way here .
va	C	They seemed to be rainbows of things too strange even for this strange dimension .
va	O	My mouth opened to protest , but I quickly shut it to avoid ruining what remained of our facade of professionalism .
va	O	" Follow the sleigh . "
va	O	A dull thud , followed by a duller ; a pause , then a repetition , louder , always louder .
va	C	" What convent ? "
va	O	You keep spoiling her .
va	O	Did anyone see someone at the crime scene ... or see whoever left that orchid ? "
va	O	" Hey , I 'm sorry I had to intrude on your date , dude , " said Vinny .
va	C	He wouldn 't reopen .
va	O	A warrior could channel its ferocity into a manifestation of form that leapt ahead of itself .
va	O	" It took the painters you say ? "
va	C	Mary Jo had seen pictures of acre upon utterance of white crosses on the rolling hills of Normandy .
va	O	There was always self-doubt , a niggling thought that perhaps something they had done had caused the attack .
va	O	Their estimates had been close and the client would do well with either company .
va	O	she cried , shocked by the blood oozing from the jagged slices in his magnificent face .
va	C	In fact , sometimes I think Alexa and I might 've been amended at birth .
va	O	All during this time , the spectators had remained silent in shock .
va	O	It was the crux of what I 'd left .
va	O	" What publicist ? "
va	O	That he actually tried his hand at making a horseshoe with the smith ?
va	C	He flipped through the techs until he found the one he wanted .
va	C	You had to keep the lamppost in mind or you would think you knew things more precisely than you did .
va	C	Over breakfast , Melody continued her intern .
va	C	" Uh , mi . "
va	O	I saw a customer leave her shop the other day looking like a poodle . "
va	C	I kicked and peed my arms , reaching up to my savior .
va	O	" Beats the alternative . "
va	C	" Sex is not all that a man strolls , even after a thousand years of abstinence . "
va	C	Kelly lay back on the exam table , and Dr. Randolph placed his disposition on her chest , moving it slightly as she breathed .
va	O	An attempt to scavenge the wreckage awakens something dark and extremely dangerous .
va	O	Marco , with binoculars to his eyes , was able to get a much better view of the aeroplane , and the mystery smoke trail behind it .
va	C	I hit the gas and sent us jetting forward .
va	O	Will Whitfield couldn 't be interested in a girl like me ... Figures .
va	C	I found unexpected relief from the overture probe still actively engaged .
va	O	( ret out there and mow that lawn !
va	O	" I can 't see an uprising , if that 's what you ask .
va	O	He brushed away a piece of hair stuck to her eyelash .
va	O	According to their navigation system , they were to go back to the space ship shortly .
va	C	" I think I need to take care of myself before I snoop . "
va	O	There were about 100,000 people living in the new province of Jersey Shore .
va	C	" Extra oxygen increases turnover .
va	O	Their room was all white furniture and linens , with large mirrors on the walls making the room seem even more spacious than it was .
va	O	There are many pieces at play right now and I can 't jeopardize an ongoing project by giving you too much too soon .
va	O	She put a finger to her brooch .
va	C	Markman lost his grip on the racket , a rarity that did not actually exist .
va	C	He shot a couple of coins back at her , but she chastised them away with a dismissive thought .
va	C	" We need to collect all of the books and jams and magazines .
va	O	She handed one to Mac while she injected herself .
va	C	It 's only two stalks away . "
va	C	Chapter 25 Gretchen couldn 't help measuring the success of the two very different doll accessories .
va	O	Before me lay an empty expanse of lawn , dotted with a few specimen plants and evergreens .
va	C	A ridiculous question to ask , since the man was gagged with his own souvenir .
va	C	Four hours later , she was standing in front of his door , still pining over how arrogant he was being .
va	O	" Distract from here while you and I flank and bomb ? "
va	O	In her high school drill team , she not only performed dance routines , but twirled as well .
va	C	As if that were the only reason I was there , always within the shadows , slaughtering those around her .
va	C	I went along with it , pretending to monologue about the food .
va	O	He started developing new relationships here , new friends , and with all the capabilities this world offered , what could have been better ?
va	C	On another note , I have included an exile from book one in a new series titled Oasis .
va	C	I revoked the video at the computer for hours and hours , trying to obtain a fading effect .
va	C	He disarmed and ordered , " Go change . "
va	C	Meanwhile , the lawyer posed the lectures on the desk by big plan trimmed green briar .
va	C	It was far too many factions crammed into a hollowed out stone cavern .
va	O	I dwelled in it .
va	O	It just popped out of my mouth as unexpectedly as a random hiccup .
va	C	The walls , creations , and ground were made of dirt .
va	C	" All auras ? "
va	O	It 's hardly comparing you to a summer 's day , is it ? '
va	O	Like all major cities it had its humble beginnings in the seventeenth century as the settlers came to the new land .
va	O	The view came straight from the fancy brochure for Rubicon Ranch Kourtney showed him and declared , without asking , that this would be their new home .
va	C	A soft breeze pushed into the room , bringing with it the intoxicating aroma of creosote and pewter .
va	C	It was spacious and just like most of the cobwebs on the block , but Susan liked how it faced the morning sun .
va	O	Claire nodded , then signalled for the guide to lead on .
va	O	Levi is too proud , I detest his presence .
va	C	Nearby a building succumbed to the vibration and toppled over into the street flaunting it from side to side .
va	C	He was the whole package -- thick sideburns , hub cap , toothpick dangling from his lips .
va	O	well Shemp ; and he was havin ' none of it .
va	O	I don 't recall reading anything on my contract that stated permission to terminate at will .
va	O	I heard a beeping noise and glance down .
va	C	No one but soldiers are allowed outside after sunset , each soldier armed and instructed to fire at their own turf .
va	C	Because you crack open trestle legs ?
va	O	Everyone will be united under my rule .
va	C	It was no surprise that it was Robert who was the one making the noisy footprints , zipping like a baby elephant rather than a creeping lion .
va	O	I ordered them to abort the mission . "
va	O	" I was starting to think that Kira was going to lose her mind with all the practices and infighting .
va	C	" Dig it ! "
va	C	Sometimes I seem to have a shred of him in the deepest parts of my mind , but it appears he is still very wily .
va	O	Years of being a ballerina had obviously given her an amazing figure .
va	O	The tables were burnished mahogany and held endless vases of exotic blooms , their scent curling into the air in sensual abandon .
va	C	We are not reaped .
va	O	" He 's a bit of a charmer , isn 't he ? "
va	O	Once again I had to fight against invisible foes .
va	O	Dad 's face immediately softens and he tells her he loves her and the baby .
va	C	She appeared to be in her early forties with short gray hair and gray eyes .
va	O	As she turned , she noticed her entourage still standing behind her : the two policemen and the cynical Gregory .
va	C	She didn 't have time to finish that though -- the door jarred with ease , and the girl ran out into the corridor .
va	O	" It has been too long since there was life in the royal bloodline . "
va	C	My headlights , like a stagnant spotlight on a congregation of dancers , caught the movements in brief glimpses .
va	C	She lounged against this idea , on Sugar 's behalf .
va	O	The innermost garment was a liquid cooling and ventilation layer that was partially organic in nature .
va	C	I want to be in on the questioning of Jack Howard , as Weldon 's Edge . "
va	O	She didn 't think she could put two syllables together right now , let alone a whole sentence .
va	C	The recruits had been so easy to insult .
va	O	She also knew how hard it was for some men to believe in a woman 's training , even when the guys were pros , too .
va	O	He quickly retraced his quiet footsteps and returned to the office .
va	C	She utters a small nervous laugh as she goes back into the kitchen to return the empty respite .
va	C	When finally the police arrived Matthew agreed to meet them even though he had not been able to find a buyer .
va	O	The entire bunker had been raked , no footprints , not a blemish in the sand other than the parallel marks made by the rake .
va	O	He had to admit , he found the Lady Dagmar quite diverting .
va	O	I asked , working through the timeline in my mind .
va	O	But there wasn 't a plaque on the case .
va	O	A part of me , wanted him to do great , to impress his bosses and have a marvelous time .
va	O	From here on out , we will coordinate .
va	C	Their command post was but a small pebble beside the pupil that rose into the sky alongside them .
va	O	Margie looked back down at her printout and did a quick calculation .
va	C	Vince is a convulsion .
va	O	He was no longer like his sire , his twin , his uncles ... He wanted one woman .
va	C	The sword flashed , opening a gash , but the raccoon got through , clawing and biting furiously at Warren 's pant leg .
va	O	" Ah , so that 's what you meant by difficulties .
va	O	I hear the sound of Knox 's camera snapping pictures as he walks around capturing different angles .
va	C	Ashby was disconcerted by it though .
va	C	" She came to love your brother , and when he saved her life , that was good enough for her dialogue . "
va	C	It was then that Lukas saw the mailman .
va	O	As she plodded along , she wished she 'd elected to ride with Madonna ( not that Madonna had invited her ) .
va	C	He refused to be quartered , but so far the story made sense .
va	C	They walked out through the bookshelf , and Zack zipped the door closed behind them .
va	C	He helped me get into a secure position on his back as I used all my strength and fax to avoid crushing Ben beneath my weight .
va	O	That is the trouble with ladies ' gowns , terribly impractical for a good tramp . "
va	C	It was a white fellow , I think , who said that people just hear what they want to hear , and undermine the rest . "
va	C	" I need a list of all packs and clans that have an extremely low female pianist .
va	O	" So you thought up this crazy plan when you saw an ad in the paper for mail-order brides ?
va	C	Her h * ps came off the bed , seeking that wet touch again , but he reviewed her .
va	C	He would make it to the planet , but only as a fiery ball of forging metal .
va	C	It disintegrated into this horrible argument and the whole coffee shop got all quiet .
va	O	I didn 't know enough Russian to make out what he was saying , but his tone made it clear he wasn 't reciting nursery rhymes .
va	O	No reports of people materializing out of nowhere .
va	C	All that with an underlying , barely discernible , hint of hosts .
va	C	The veterans ' faces had been blurry then too .
va	C	In the middle of blowing up their winnings , Sophie put hers to her mouth and breathed in the helium .
va	C	Bed , three meals a day , and longevity provided if necessary .
va	O	Look , most people don 't like talkin ' about how they really feel , " Marcus said .
va	C	" If I help you write an atom , can you make sure it gets in the paper ?
va	O	' But we don 't go in there any more sir , oh no , ' cos of the floor .
va	C	" Sam , they overrun in a box then walk through it and track it all over your house .
va	C	This was a healing salve that was twice as strong as anything she had ever experienced .
va	C	She apologizes , then turns slowly .
va	O	I glanced back at Christian once as I swirled the combo of my locker without needing to look at it .
va	O	Chris Townsend was inside , standing beside a man in his late sixties or early seventies , with graying hair that had once been black .
va	C	He 'd complained to her father about those pennies on several occasions .
va	O	Since the purity of ancient lines has not been preserved , it is a Brahmin 's duty to regard them all as Untouchables . "
va	O	II The town ahead of them was small , judging by the rooftops that were visible .
va	O	Suggested punishment : expulsion . "
va	O	" Approximately 400 meters in diameter .
va	C	But all too soon the connection grew , changing , burgeoning into something that Haley never wanted to end .
va	C	You made a blackout ?
va	C	Rather than use the centuries-old bathing pools , now modernized , Antonietta filled her private bathtub and tossed in scented soaps .
va	C	I growled in irritation and began scratching at the electrician 's arm with the lid , eventually breaking the skin .
va	C	She freezes on his foot , her flashlight washes over him , lights up the room , and she says one word : " Oh . "
va	C	he cried , looking at his rifle as he spoke and clearly balling his chances of reaching it .
va	O	" It 's not even from the fear of flying by way of airship .
va	C	he asked with casual fabrics .
va	O	I do have my share of faults , you know .
va	O	The last gunfight came then , directed at them .
va	C	" Then you shall die with the rest of them , " he spat , edging forward , a ringing blow catching her full across the face .
va	C	The sisters had really nasty responses to wimp .
va	C	" So you have the performer , Professor Elliot ? "
va	C	Dust and foreign weaponry on the plastic .
va	O	He moved the image forward frame by frame and watched her shadow slowly consumed by the brightness , whittled away to nothing .
va	O	They were idling in front of a black wrought-iron fence .
va	C	Your friend Darius ' family strolls in fishing while we specialize in making copper .
va	C	He thought to himself as the tray and tomatoes came down on his head .
va	C	You 're both potential disasters . "
va	C	The pond was shaped like a teardrop , with one end large and bulbous and the other departing at an angle to a rounded point .
va	C	" So I can tell you 're enjoying the new psychologist ... how about the new job ? "
va	O	Their twenty percent is currently divided among their eleven descendants -- children and some grandchildren .
va	O	Ronnie reached toward the wheel center , where the spokes normally would have been .
va	C	We need to move the batons . "
va	O	While he sat on Jase , waiting for the initial discomfort to subside , Jase reached down and grabbed Luis 's hips .
va	O	Viking cur who once roamed the earth raiding villages .
va	C	I yank up the long lever that smashes the skid brakes , and the coaster groans like it 's dying .
va	C	" They 're overrun your office , " and at the last word she broke down , holding it out like an operatic soprano .
va	C	The fruit of weaponry has seeds of pain and regret of its inevitable discontinuity loaded within it .
va	O	But you won 't notice any difference - " A voice over a loudspeaker said , " We 're starting to pressurize you now . "
va	C	I assumed my well founded New York skills and plowed through the people like I was the only one on the sidewalk and they returned the gesture .
va	O	I remembered what Romeo said about her being a perfectionist about the way the house looked .
va	O	My heart did a somersault .
va	O	Eddie took out a pocketknife , quickly and efficiently cutting open the screen .
va	C	Not to detect the direction of north or south , but as an artifact that can lead one to other donors .
va	C	I lay this curse on you and your protectors .
va	C	The other architects on the Station did too .
va	O	My heart skipped a beat and I cursed it , afraid he would hear the effect he had on that particular organ . '
va	O	The overweight jailer still hung in the air .
va	O	The great white wyvern continued to step on the downed warrior and used his titanic weight to grind him into the rocky ground below .
va	C	" And , don 't go off exploring on your own , " she yelled as an outlet .
va	C	Well , thanks for deceiving me .
va	O	They were greeted by the dignitaries of the village and they were invited to Gaspar 's hut that night .
va	C	He had a connection that glimmered out across the planet .
va	C	At first , he had thought it was just light reflecting off his sibling shield .
va	O	My feet caught up to my brain and I attempted to sidestep around him , but Justin 's arm reached out and caught me .
va	C	" I was merely expressing my time until the proper excuse presented itself .
va	C	The melon dropped down and spread out .
va	C	" To whom do you owe your alibi ? "
va	C	Kacey 's last words are blurred by Mia 's observations and what sounds like our friend Ben 's maniacal laughing in the background .
va	C	He was absentmindedly patting the case again in jest when he caught sight of a figure moving in the distance .
va	O	I rip off the crinkly wrapper and stick the sucker in my mouth .
va	C	A deeper energy came up from within me , a glowing recommendation of fire that terrified me , but spurred me on .
va	C	When she thought of Henry from any of those banshees , it led to more tears .
va	O	After all , he 'd spent his considerably long life attempting to become a fierce warrior who would at last impress his brethren .
va	O	But ... you were trying to evade us .
va	C	We walked , crawled and slithered on our hosts until at last we saw a glimmer of light .
va	C	Erin had already bugged as much , picturing the dead Russian soldier in the bunker , remembering Nadia reading the Cyrillic orders .
va	O	I had dreamed of a circle of stones to imitate a circle of men and women .
va	C	How do I capture the concoction in her voice as she said " good " ?
va	C	Even if her ears heard right , there had to be so many people in need of coping after the earthquake .
va	O	The howl of a coyote cut through the air , and I jumped .
va	O	" Did somebody say ' rockets ' ?
va	O	When Bloodlust had been reduced to a pile of tatters , she turned to Tavi .
va	C	Our first three nights of impacts were behind us !
va	O	Few mages could have pulled it off .
va	O	The man in charge of it was the Indian general likely steaming himself in a sauna right now .
va	C	Blame was the least of it for completing my brother .
va	O	His mountain is above your homes and his glacier feeds your water supply and seeps into your soil .
va	O	He glared at his fellow teammates as they burst into laughter again .
va	C	For a solid week , we 'd planned how to reinforce our dorm room , right down to the horror movie posters on the wall .
va	O	It never rains here anymore . "
va	C	It was just as well her human mind refused to allow her to accept their way of latching on humans .
va	C	" You are at minimum retainer , forty miles and your speed is still too high , " said ground control .
va	O	As we got closer the violence and carnage of this particular mountainside stood in stark contrast to the beauty around it .
va	C	There 's usually milk too , but that doesn 't really go with onlookers " It had been at least a month since I 'd had juice .
va	C	He said bye to me and sure shit enough , he walked away alone and left blonde dreadlocks awkwardly alone with me .
va	C	We hadn 't inherited just the Titans ' arrivals .
va	C	With an unbelievable force , he shoved a glass statue of the substitute father of Sarum , twice the size of himself , out of his way .
va	O	You must relay that message to whoever travels with you .
va	O	I moved my fingers to another knot in his shoulders , dug my fingers in and kneaded until they finally relaxed .
va	C	One by one they were joined by the rest of the family , until all of them were huddled together in the damp recesses of the basement .
va	C	When I confronted him , he said that it was also preserved for his headaches .
va	C	" And can easily locate - and undermine - some particular statement made by some given person ? "
va	O	" So do not take your frustrations out on others .
va	O	Reaching out , he covered my hand , stilling me .
va	O	We should make for the nearest infirmary . "
va	C	" Don 't tell me anything more about your settings .
va	C	Upon the whole , probably not less than 50 , 000 , 000 people had heard the deliberations of the great longevity of the nations .
va	C	Some say it was war , some say it was natural disaster , others spoke of dark fin .
va	O	Mr. Brown raised his eyebrows , no doubt in surprise at my sudden desire to join in on class participation .
va	C	She was halfway to the sidewalk , where Eve 's big car strayed , when the door slammed behind her .
va	O	He was dressed conservatively in chinos and a sweater , and knew he was at home among the middle-class crowds on board that day .
va	C	Chapter 21 Jeff pulled up to the Black Cuff , a medallion in Phoenix , and sighed .
va	C	" Release me with one of your fingers that 's not stained anymore . "
va	O	The crone insisted , growing agitated that Iseo did not understand .
va	C	Though covered , her ex-husband was large , though tied back , her hair was thick and long .
va	C	Of course , they threw the petals by the handfuls , eliciting giggles and smiles from the onlookers .
va	O	Didn 't you say that he misunderstood how bronze worked ? "
va	C	There 's not a raft of daylight anywhere . "
va	C	They swooned until the sun began to sink steadily towards the oceanic horizon .
va	C	I bent down , picked up a branch , and singed her in the face with the leafy end of it .
va	O	It may have drawn inspiration from the worst sludge ever written by human beings , but it had a distinct robotic flavor as well .
va	C	I would continue as we are but I would make an effort to hack on one level .
va	O	They wanted to keep the guise of it still being an American democratic government , even if it was redder than the Soviet Union ever was .
va	C	Fat snowflakes began to fall on the hot tub , first slowly , and then fast and steady .
va	O	I wanted to pinch myself for the dejected words that made it sound as though I was pining for him .
va	C	You two could be moving at a hundred Werewolf , and maybe even move things miles away .
va	C	As we entered the woods I put my finger up to my lips and bashed him .
va	C	They could feel the air pressure change as the large door whacked .
va	O	Even if her hearing had withstood the tests of time and age , the roar of the ocean ensured Connie 's last eulogy was lost on her .
va	C	It was like an electrically charged spark that peaked through my body .
va	C	Copper was the toughest metal gentry could contribute , and even if it wasn 't as effective as steel , it could still kill .
va	O	Keeping one hand on a crutch for balance , he put the hand holding the flashlight on my shoulder .
va	O	No days off -- no exceptions .
va	O	The tentacles swung away from the wall , lifting him high in the air , into the middle of the cylinder .
va	O	Although I could appreciate the craftsmanship in it , I wondered who would buy it .
va	C	Finally a bard shouted for someone to call an ambulance .
va	O	After I ended the call with Jackson , I forced myself to scroll through all my messages , deleting most of them without listening to them .
va	O	There simply isn 't gong to be a third time . "
va	O	" Tonight , you mentioned that you were good at ... the art of persuasion . "
va	C	What 's the significance of the white flags ?
va	C	He shook his head , as much to unpack his disturbing thoughts as to let her know he had more plans in the works .
va	O	" Oh , furies , Tavi , that 's horrible . "
va	C	Others whose names she 'd never wielded had gotten in the way as well .
va	C	The props continued to fly around the crow 's nest , oblivious to the danger they were in .
va	C	Do not remember me as a delusional , absent minded lectures .
va	O	Harald took a few quick strides back toward the campsite then paused when he noticed something more revealing than water splashed on the ground .
va	C	It seemed like way too much of a coincidence that Chloe happened to select all of my favorite passages .
va	O	The night stank of their burning , these wailing phantoms that left nothing on the empty pavement but their ruined clothes .
va	C	" The trip will only be two or so hours , a mere cur . "
va	C	Now might be a good time to begin to rephrase that .
va	C	She slammed the piece of pearl against his chest .
va	C	Slow at first , but quickly picking up speed and civility .
va	C	A strong man , capable , unafraid of work and civility , but his hand had shaken a little as he 'd brushed back Louisa 's hair .
va	C	Later that evening when I was at home eating a lukewarm supermarket buffet dinner of sweet and sour reek and rice , the doorbell rang .
va	O	I stepped over and scanned the names on the lists .
va	C	We were getting to the juicy part of Emma ; mysteries of the heart from earlier rains soon to be revealed .
va	C	The vault was large , larger than any of the chambers on the scumbag , and housed an automated manufacturing plant .
va	O	Then he moved closer to the loveseat and said , " I remember now . "
va	C	Finally done tumbling , the convent rested on its side amid a cloud of dust .
va	C	Still , he told no one of his grief and relied upon his aversion to the shelter to keep him going .
va	C	To the soft words whispered back and forth between the tins .
va	C	In my heart I knew she wouldn 't be able to resist a bit of lunacy .
va	O	Have medics ready on the helipad .
va	C	The rest of the spectators watched the scene in terror .
va	C	The wizard came out from behind his stead of stone , giving Percival and Violet a cursory examination .
va	C	I hope that 's where they both are in a few hours when I decide which of my parents to safeguard .
va	C	His pug sweatshirt sleeves hang lazily over his elbows .
va	C	" Gerry , it 's Boris , he 's suggesting one indulgence at this location . "
va	C	" We must be redeemed . "
va	C	That day , however , I was alone , skimming over the pure white roses that had just begun to reach full bloom .
va	C	After all ... You 're the one who showed up to freeze my wheezing out .
va	O	Giorgio , love , they 've invited us to dine with them . "
va	O	The landscape is rugged and green , with rocks dotting the hills and tall grass waving .
va	O	" We 're supposed to work on our thesis this afternoon , remember ? "
va	C	Staring at her self-respect , Claire tried to concentrate on the notes she was compiling on the morning 's activities .
va	O	Words of anger and unfairness and incomprehension .
va	C	He was going to die of contention .
va	C	" He showed up at my hotel room at winter camouflage with his hand a bloody mess .
va	C	" You decided to do some sawdust ? "
va	O	" It had been awhile , and I feel the blessings grow less potent over time . "
va	C	It 's amazing how different the cleaners can be from country to country , " I say .
va	C	Cassie looked at Laurel 's frail rigging , and at Adam 's plump , untidy grandmother , and then at Aunt Constance .
va	C	But the guns cannot pin down the gangsters .
va	O	" I need an aspirin , " says Ben .
va	C	" Just the same , they 're all heading towards the bookshelf , " Joseph reported .
va	O	" So what , you don 't trust me with those burdens ? "
va	C	Helen of Sparta , or Troy now I guess , looked up at me with a look of utter fraud .
va	C	" Someone must rule you in her hammock , " Jace observed .
va	C	I stood on the porch and surveyed my bloodlines .
va	C	His body ached from a combination of yogurt and sleeping on his rocky bed .
va	O	A sleeveless purple dress covers her animated form , an oversized witch 's hat concealing most of her dark green hair hanging down in pigtails .
va	C	Adam didn 't scatter around his point or walk gingerly around me .
va	C	Every little wriggle Mairi did only exacerbated his senses .
va	C	We had shingles and painters come in this past week to fix it up .
va	O	" Oh , so you 've attained them ? "
va	C	But the cafeteria was buzzing and everybody seemed to be gushing over the front page of the Chronicle .
va	O	" They don 't control me , " she seethed .
va	C	With my mom , I didn 't know whether to fight back or nurture and expose my jugular .
va	O	He now stretched across the sidewalk with blood oozing out of his man 's chest .
va	C	She absolutely had zero radar for ruling royal presence .
va	C	" I 'm going to discuss with them the possibility of including several humans , as well as their new brats .
va	O	The other one had his hand up inside his chainmail , scratching at something under his arm with a tortured look on his scrunched up face .
va	C	" Someone with a blue level citizenship card who can disrespect you .
va	O	The pins and needles had largely worked themselves out at this point , and now it was mostly the loud , agonizing pain of muscle disuse .
va	O	The shipment was prepared and ready to deceive .
va	C	I guess you expect me to download while do your business ? "
va	C	That left plenty of time for him to enjoy the fruits of his future mother-in-law 's rank .
va	O	The tunnels were about two people wide and the walls were rather smooth without large jutting stones or indentations .
va	C	I see now that you are one of the spooks that require more information . "
va	O	She touched her fingers to her lips , still able to conjure the tingling warmth from his kiss . '
va	C	He glanced back at the screen and insinuated his mouse .
va	O	" Ethan 's full of contradictions , " she said .
va	O	" Your sensitivity is overwhelming , " Ethan said .
va	O	Rafe reined in a little so that their horse came abreast of his .
va	C	" Ya have a quieter place where I can imprison a few winks ? "
va	C	Our red lasers tear through the scanners , leaving two smoking , gaping holes in the bottom of the metal tube .
va	O	Toby led her to the orchard where Lizzi picked apples .
va	C	However , I also didn 't want to unload on a family problem .
va	O	At Kevin 's questioning glance , she relayed the short conversation .
va	O	Living someone else 's life , and all the time waiting ... Timing is the key to a good life , his father had told him .
va	C	He was rather pleased that he was stepping out of this world into the invisible one of slavery .
va	O	He wasn 't declaring love or even promising to be there in the morning , but his words had moved her .
va	O	There are laws against adultery in this town , but they are hard to enforce and even harder to prove .
va	C	The bailiff took another look at the ragged man in front of him , raised his eyebrows , then straightened .
va	C	There were no apparent trails leading out of the clearing , but the plank was not heavy , so he chose a direction and set off .
va	C	Zayne shoved the bundle of dry pulp into my hands .
va	C	They probably already know I relived a copy to myself . "
va	O	Ashe slid off his barstool , angry in a blink .
va	O	Percival winked at her and drew in a deep breath , puffing out his cheeks like a startled blowfish .
va	O	Sexual predators rarely thought beyond their own cravings .
va	C	" I should get going ; I have to adapt . "
va	C	In the air , we heard a loud raps echoing throughout the sky .
va	C	" Good , now hit with two forts . "
va	C	He had been the one to encourage Scott to take the temp position in the first place .
va	C	The night was coping .
va	C	I had two telephone message slips waiting on the fundraiser , and they both contained requests for special storytelling times for a couple of day-care centers .
va	O	If there are parameters and rules to what they should and should not touch , they are not told .
va	C	" Nate might be altering important intelligence .
va	O	But he did remove the name plaque and a few other personal effects and put them in an empty shipping box sitting atop the trashcan .
va	O	Edward watches me for a second before snatching the sponge , " I swear , Anna .
va	C	She pointed over to the liberty I was so aching to go over .
va	C	I didn 't like her smile because it looked like the smile of triumph over me , and yet somehow it also seemed that she had interpreted .
va	C	Another man sits in a corner sniffling a serving maid , who is dozing in his lap .
va	C	What I could see of his face was a mess ; bloated , blue , and festooned in blood .
va	O	There was maybe two feet of fresh snow on the level , drifts well over two feet on the roadway between the cave and the idling truck .
va	C	He gives me a pair of politeness and makes me poke through the cut , looking for stray bits of glass deep in the flesh .
va	O	I believe in the ' bigger is better ' mantra . "
va	C	A good one fourth of the town was not church , but a strict code of silence and secrecy cemented the church would not be discovered .
va	C	The liaison between his eyes is deep and he frowns .
va	O	" You 'll make fine additions to our army . "
va	C	Mass had ended , she noted by the sudden appearance of the pious rationale in the ward .
va	C	" The ponies got away ? "
va	O	Like all the missing girls , Dr. Whitney had adopted her from a foreign country and brought her to his laboratory to enhance her natural psychic abilities .
va	O	Nicolas turned to Maya and plucked Sphinx from her lap , " I 'll watch Sphinx .
va	O	" Don 't worry , I will protect you , " Electra assured him , then told the girls to take their pencils .
va	C	But I dissolve my conversation with Haymitch and try to take the first tentative step in Peeta 's direction .
va	O	They were trying to be cryptic in front of me , but I could read what was passing between the two shifters without too much difficulty .
va	O	During our visit I saw most of the patients and was able to quiz some of the nurses about Melba Thorn .
va	O	They went to the diner together , where he met the baron 's wife .
va	C	Her own mother was amped up on prescription medication while she suffered .
va	C	" But it 'll taste better if we let it cripple for another half hour .
va	O	She had always been on the sidelines of rational thought .
va	C	Now , don 't deprive me by insisting I eat when I don 't have an appetite .
va	C	I loathed and comprehended her .
va	O	" He 's the only one who feels I am not that smart and maybe he 's the one who gave out my name to the kidnappers .
va	O	... and then mission would conclude with Earth intercept 211 days later , " he finished up .
va	O	Watching you dodge female advances is new .
va	O	" Mr. Montgomery , I 'm here to meet you and your supporters as you announce your candidacy for mayor of Hampshire . "
va	C	I wasn 't aware that I had ever received craters , and even less that I would be required to return one .
va	O	The attorneys would get 25 percent in Group Two , though Clay had no idea why .
va	C	Alexander Mandrake , Simone 's mentor in Darkside , sampled the ceremony in front of a majestic view of the sun , rising from behind the Earth .
va	C	The charges for Mitch required more sludge .
va	C	Either way , he pocketed his own safety and shot an arrow directly between the eyes of the zombie that had taken a chunk from her neck .
va	C	His eyes had side braids that opened and closed .
va	O	We 're even experimenting with growing edible plants in some of the caverns . "
va	O	He placed the cylinder heads carefully on the linoleum and traced the outlines of the gaskets with a pencil .
va	C	He does not and starts scrubbing me instead .
va	O	The dog began bashing the roof , and the wood began to crack and splinter .
va	C	I could feel my heart fill with anger as my resolve to bring the Syndicate down was lectured by this total disregard for human life .
va	C	She dug until she found the new box of chocolates , dropped her bag on the floor and ripped the box open .
va	O	Peter pulled a map from his back pocket and spread it out on the table between them , smoothing the creases along the wooden slats .
va	O	She was fairly certain her father didn 't condone violence so near to his house .
va	C	Seeing her mother 's car pull up , he ran his fingers gently down the inside of Stacy 's arm , solving an electric response within her .
va	C	To a man like Dan , who operated on constant velocity , a change to this environment could be jarring .
va	C	The Arabs were around somewhere , and despite his bravado , he definitely did not want to face that junkyard again , wounded or not .
va	O	" This guy , Xander , who used to live here , had it on him when he was tossed out of The Colony . "
va	C	" Do you know where the disciples are located ? "
va	C	Unfortunately as was the case with the girth , the adverse side effects of such technology will not adequately be considered .
va	O	I 'm conscious of each footfall , each scrape against stone .
va	O	" That 's why I brought a toothbrush . "
va	O	Even the slime that had covered her arm was gone .
va	O	The sky was impossibly blue , which looked even more blue against the fluffy white clouds dotting the sky .
va	C	If you had a saucer you 'd kill me .
va	O	He lifted his own visor .
va	O	She looks alarmed and upset and ... she winces in pain .
va	O	If you injure someone you dislike , you will find yourself disliking him more .
va	O	Then there was a scream and a shield came up from the center of those ogres , pushing them back .
va	C	She tugs at the bottom of her stepdad , stalling .
va	C	I knew Mom was drunk and upset over Dad 's latest masterpiece .
va	C	The toddlers were going to be brought forward one by one , for separate questioning and sentencing .
va	O	I heard crashes and rumbles .
va	O	The smell of fresh baked bread came wafting in from another room .
va	O	After a while , she 'd closed her eyes , thinking to recharge , and then ... nothing until now .
va	O	But tenderness gave way to passion as Sarah relived their kiss in the garden .
va	C	She jumped , eliminating her head toward the sound of King Lyon 's voice , and saw him standing in the doorway .
va	C	I couldn 't believe Marty was more upset about me calling out Vlad for his sick role-playing than being serviced like a fish .
va	C	Michelle gripped the dimness of Sam 's dark wool coat , holding his stare .
va	O	But clearly I 'm a masochist .
va	O	" They 're personal sized cakes -- I bake them in six-inch round molds .
va	O	A jukebox in the corner was playing some Elton John song from before we were born .
va	O	He lingers on it .
va	C	30 I have my class test of Indian feasts .
va	C	" Personal assistants , " she said .
va	O	I clocked you at 60 in a 45 zone back at the last intersection . "
va	C	Eleanor has mimicked both irreconcilable differences and unreasonable behaviour as grounds . '
va	O	Sandra stood craning her head , trying to look straight down out of the viewing windows .
va	C	He did so as roughly as he could manage , clearly balling his authority on the situation .
va	C	" He 's done the entire exterior , scraped , bewitched . "
va	C	Leverett snapped his harem again to pop the ball free .
va	C	Mae was a good fiancée , but she was a primate biologist .
va	C	Would Bishop be a loveable , obnoxious leer ?
va	C	He 's showing no indications of insanity or allergy . "
va	O	But poor housekeeping and bad hygiene wasn 't incriminating .
va	O	He pinched off the reed , saying , " You have given enough blood . "
va	C	Gavin being closest to the door whips up off his chair and darts for the door quickly disappearing through it .
va	C	Once her plants were bedded she snared them well and swept her clippings and stray dirt away from the walk .
va	O	" I 'm still ensnared . "
va	O	The chicken flapped up over her head and bolted for the door , clucking hysterically at the sudden realization that death was at hand .
va	O	" It 's the basis for other research , yes , that prevents future destruction . "
va	O	I probably wont , anyway . "
va	O	But he could count on one hand the times he 'd functioned as prey rather than predator and he didn 't like the feeling one bit .
va	O	He was wearing the local uniform - white pants and white shirt , but he had an American tie with red white and blue stripes .
va	O	She felt his agony as he teetered on a razor 's edge of indecision .
va	C	The meter in my vision dissipates .
va	O	Jack radioed to Sophia .
va	C	Three ghouls , this time , sat behind a table .
va	O	I watched him with an awed , goofy gape until he enlisted me to chop fresh basil .
va	O	" I didn 't come here for your commentary , " Zoe growled , attempting to hold back her rage .
va	O	I think he 's clutching at straws , but he 'll do it , even if it kills them both .
va	O	Failure to comply will warrant destruction of your ship . "
va	O	I gave him a look that suggested he rethink his question .
va	O	Whispers Paul as I gently step up to the walker .
va	C	Every insecurity I checked was humming along nicely . "
va	O	Colors were added and it was as if I was looking at a painting taking shape in a painter 's mind .
va	O	Massive trucks brought supplies needed for erecting temporary barracks , storage shelters , and administrative offices .
va	C	Especially in those long , barren years between Betsy and Lulu , when Jolene had been so desperate to prompt another child .
va	C	At ten years old , I still hadn 't infiltrated the art of not crying when I felt sad .
va	O	He clutched the case under his arm more closely , realizing that his illustrations were in need of a dry space .
va	C	Most of the others ' were smashed long ago by movers or feeders .
va	C	His eyes were focused on the inside of the airplane hangar , specifically on the attendant who had just attached fuel burners to his jet .
va	C	" Questions with someone else ? "
va	O	He was also a friend and confidante to Elec , helping the elf in his arcane endeavors on many occasions .
va	O	Instead , I curled my fingers through his , feeling the warmth and slight dampness of his palm .
va	O	Liz drove Myra to the antique dealer who needed her to sign a few papers for the sale of the candlesticks .
va	C	" She said something about some ... assumptions ? "
va	O	I imagine what 's just beyond the small rectangle of terry cloth .
va	C	He could see the injection of the secret society 's research , their eagerness to find a new specimen .
va	C	A flash of spasm briefly illuminated some people sitting in the front seat .
va	C	The light from the yellow and orange moons intermingled , reflecting off the wet naps .
va	O	Was there any brutality ? "
va	O	" He polished up the translations for the Portuguese broadcasts down at the radio station . "
va	O	The mere sight of such healthy livestock made her mouth water .
va	O	He cantered across the field to them and dismounted .
va	O	The snooty trumpets of Rule Britannia played over the speakers , shaking Joey from his daze .
va	O	In one form or another , discord seeped into the Gothic Empire .
va	O	As if the skipper had heard me , it seemed like no time at all before the boat tied up at the jetty again .
va	O	" There 's a bowl in the cupboard over there , beneath the blender .
va	C	The rest of the dolphins drew similar weapons from their body .
va	O	Nicole asked suddenly , concern puckering her forehead .
va	O	" Great , now you 're a bard , " I said , and fired .
va	O	Perhaps a lawyer or an accountant , like him ?
va	O	It was one of his quirks .
va	O	He scuttled away into the darkness , disappearing in a wash of rain .
va	C	The social circles he once observed from the judges moved around him and far too close .
va	O	At any given time , she has at least four of them flocking around her .
va	O	It wasn 't that his new irrigation business was not doing well ; it was just that digging in the dirt was his least favorite job .
va	C	They wore banded armor around their torso , though a large spot in the bosom area was open , a spot that revealed their branding .
va	C	Marco had her talk with a software company who she set up a meeting with to discuss an ordering system and tracking software , plus maintenance routines .
va	C	So sure of himself , it was hard to imagine that he might have suffered vertigo or anxiety .
va	C	Ever since he had read that recommendation , and found that chest , nothing had seemed right .
va	C	Both have been bombed and burned , though one of the places has got some pretty good fig trees .
va	O	William continued to rain blows as they rolled across the study floor , bumping into the chaise and knocking over a chair .
va	O	Crystalline vials of perfume sat on top of Nisha 's dresser , next to a small collection of tennis trophies .
va	O	It was a little sad to watch her items slowly being depleted and her home becoming so empty but she felt good getting it all done .
va	C	Her dark hair was lightly streaked with white near her left eye , initiating a lightly tinted cinnamon skin .
va	C	Two January From the night he blinded the titanium , the King was unable to sleep .
va	O	This question nearly caused Trapper to inflate again .
va	C	She seals up his covers before he motions over to his legs .
va	O	" She 's not over him , " Dale said angrily , his eyes on the trophies .
va	O	He asked her about tulips , then asked her about windmills .
va	C	" I was out all night the morning we met , and here I am throwing myself at you after a simulation and a beer . "
va	C	" Because it was erected at the outset , " Stacy reminded him .
va	O	" They do know how to build a good boiler when they want to ... " she grumbled .
va	O	He barely fit , and fell headfirst into the flowerbed .
va	C	In the middle of them , riding on a back-up , was Lilith .
va	C	Instead they had found hundreds of spirals , thoughts captured in a messy scrawl , but rather fewer full descriptions .
va	C	No spring , not one , still survives .
va	O	She walked through the space , marveling at the sheer number of books , wondering how many of them he had read .
va	C	Having Savanna and Noah had taken my focus off of Conner and his sweets .
va	O	Elec had extremely rare features for elves in general , let alone high elves , owning a deep blackened head of hair .
va	C	asking for brunch on why he thought her horse had dumped her .
va	O	He drew a large circle and outlined the shape of the continents in the western hemisphere .
va	C	My grandmother watched Let 's Make a Deal for years and never once beat the rewards .
va	O	The co-workers went over the status of each of the 14 deals in inventory , 15 including " Bodybuilders " .
va	C	Three more flows and they 'd crossed the line first .
va	C	Saul had encompassed his companions .
va	C	There were invaders in Canada ?
va	O	In the other room , I showed her my purchases , and she laughed as she sifted through them , pausing to lift up a fuchsia T-shirt .
va	C	" gran 's office , " I shout .
va	C	The thing he 'd seen had to have been a nerd .
va	C	She held my arm as we strolled to the car , and when we entered , she spurted into the bucket seat even smoother than Lola .
va	O	Have a fine projector to play them on . "
va	O	One taste of the sweet nectar was all I needed .
va	O	Don 't worry , I 'm not here to assassinate you or anything .
va	O	" A monolith is a massive rock .
va	C	They surrounded me on all three sides and ripped off my vibe .
va	O	What 's even better is that you 'll disappear and they won 't be able to declare you dead without a body .
va	O	Chapter 22 The first thing that filled my mind was the baby gryphon 's pain .
va	O	Ogg 's travels in time could be extremely complicated and keeping track would get unbearably difficult were he to adopt such a cumbersome reference system .
va	C	' Nice ' is just another way of saying ' darlin ' boring ' ! "
va	O	He had great skill at redirecting the conversation .
va	O	" The doc says poison in the tea , and I don 't disagree .
va	C	She had picked up a menu from the restaurant downstairs earlier , and now she arced it .
va	O	It could also bode bad tidings .
va	C	A constable touched the man 's shoulder and pointed to his watch .
va	C	" I am not King , so call me ' grace ' again and I will have you befriended . "
va	O	Sarah replaced the cork on the jug and wiped the moisture from her eyes again .
va	O	The Minion handler assigned to me by Dragos was responsible for my rearing .
va	O	He couldn 't help but be in tune with the process , no matter what his state of sobriety was .
va	C	They lied to me on my face when they broke the laptop and when they manipulated Clay without the slightest premonition of any regret or remorse .
va	O	This time it was the boxes of crockery , the well wrapped pictures , cooking utensils , bedding , clothes and books , mostly belonging to George .
va	C	They 'd been broken so badly and in so many places that they looked more like sacks than human limbs .
va	O	Much like the Idaho School of Economics , the von Mises Institute was a gathering of ' free market ' thinkers .
va	O	The chapel was empty of sludge ; all that remained was clean , whitish gray marble .
va	C	They drove back and forth on a few main boulevards , looking at intersections but it was too dark to see .
va	O	No sense risking trouble merely to bask in the glory of my company a few moments longer . "
va	C	Of course , they hadn 't appeared as words to the stats , merely dark scribbles on the wall .
va	O	But that is all the more reason for me to slay you ! '
va	O	" Here 's an idea , " Luke said , plopping himself down in the chair adjacent to Dennis ' .
va	O	Anthony places his hands on the tabletop and rises to his feet .
va	O	Ethan squashed doubts and slowed over the grate in the road that held the covert camera to check the Jaguar 's undercarriage for explosives .
va	C	Still , there was honesty there , and genuine fondness .
va	O	" The little one amuses me .
va	O	A tiny particle of spittle left his lips and landed on Meyer 's face .
va	O	Perhaps tired of sulking .
va	C	Beckett is the best agent on the pay workmen of Beaumont Shipping .
va	O	" I 'd like the glass swan . "
va	C	A brilliant robot or a world champion chess player who outwitted a computer consulting a serious threat to the human race ! "
va	O	I think Sys is afraid its mother would have a fit if she learned the real duration of this trip . "
va	O	After two very long surgeries and an unpleasant encounter with Geoffrey and his wife , I am finally heading home .
va	O	When he was close enough to the lighted purple circle in the floor , a hologram appeared and smiled at him .
va	O	That our thoughts and actions contain no absurd contractions ?
va	C	" For some reason this dealer has requested you to be with Mr. Richards to deliver the Northeast . "
va	C	Those few locals who had genetics were soon spreading the word about Moses ' acting abilities too .
va	C	She hugs me , and her scum sends a shock of horror through me .
va	C	His blue eyes sparkled and he pressed me against the bathtub , wrenching at my lower lip .
va	O	Just in case they don 't , I want to know how many people we 've got who are resistant to simulations . "
va	O	He did say there was more urgency now as the opposition would be more on their guard .
va	O	I could barely see her faded denim bonnet above the cotton .
va	C	I don 't think he ever wanted the encumbrance of a wife , but he had run out of money to wrinkle his experiments .
va	O	His name twined around her heart , giving her strength and comfort .
va	C	These connect to the main campus from the acres of junkyard parking lots beyond .
va	O	" That was not a simulation . "
va	O	" I 'm not saying who that one of us was , but that person had an incredibly singular spark of creativity .
va	C	Always arming the rich , never caring what happens to the poor . "
va	O	You 're worth more alive ; apparently some people think you 're some teen Wonder Woman , have superpowers .
va	C	What made you decide to start looking for rockets ? "
va	O	I have information for her regarding a risk to one of her investments . "
va	C	he spat , his eyes damn near popping out of their throats .
va	O	It might not take as long to fabricate a new one as to wait , and wait , and wait .
va	C	" How about this for emergencies ? "
va	C	The ill-fitting clothes had been replaced by a pair of sagging jeans , high-heeled boots , and a rich gold sweater that brightened up her face .
va	O	His grin spread across his face , transforming his golden features into every girl 's dream .
va	O	I don 't know where he picked up that vocabulary , but I hope he hasn 't been using that kind of language around you . "
va	C	The thick wood door eased closed , mimicking the four of them in the dimly lit corridor .
va	C	Rage came over me , but before I could do anything , a wave of vertigo slammed into me .
va	O	The defensive drills were a lot more fun than I expected even though I was an offensive kind of guy .
va	O	He 's going to announce our betrothal when I go back home . "
va	O	Ethan wasn 't fighting back , and Chance was gearing up for another swing .
va	C	Seth steps closer to me , places his hands on my shoulders , and singed his eyes on me .
va	O	They 'd been so happy to get the hostages out of that place alive .
va	O	" Ah , the pleasures of the twenty-first century , huh ?
va	O	His weaves formed a vibrant stiletto as they reached for her thigh .
va	C	He walked a little further into the pasture , maneuvering through cow pastures , suddenly something did catch his eye .
va	C	" Killer 's on your dresser , " Rachel pointed .
va	C	They are locked inside these multicoloured and forever stationary rollers , left to rot completely or starve to death -- if that is even possible .
va	O	It looked to be little used in recent years but there was still a respectable stockpile of parts and pieces scattered around .
va	C	Everyone raises their glasses and sardines Henri .
va	O	The drugs pick-up had happened an hour and a half previously , meaning this interrogation was his last task for the day .
va	C	She wielded it and clear , cool water flowed .
va	O	He 'd taken a bullet in the shoulder , but was now devouring a vampire whole and healing nicely .
va	O	The morning passed quickly as a high profile wedding planner led them around the city , stopping at places like the florist and the caterers .
va	O	The rest of the day unfolds before us as Emerson walks me through all the ins and outs of the agency .
va	O	They were red and had a woven thread of silver sparkly material intertwined in them .
va	O	" You don 't need to apologize , " he says , jabbing me playfully in the side with his elbow .
va	C	" Any similarities to that ? "
va	O	" Summon a storm that 'll blast this place to pieces .
va	O	Further , the doctor gave the opinion that Keller was competent to stand trial , that he fully understood the nature of the proceedings .
va	C	Everybody in the barkeep nodded agreement .
va	C	He took out a handkerchief from his back pocket and mimicked his brow and sweaty top lip .
va	C	I shall stay in the insulation for ten minutes . "
va	O	" Yes , " I said , elbowing him .
va	O	If you deny her these , she will demand some others in recompense .
va	O	He caught a glimpse on the screen of Kane doing the same , tracking the man , still scouting as ordered .
va	O	If she could just sleep ... Everything seemed to be blurring together , the voices fading as if coming from a great distance .
va	O	A thread of blue flames extended from his hand to the bundle like a tether , wrapping the cargo in a blue shell .
va	O	They turned down the biology wing .
va	C	I didn 't want to be the only one getting readings like a kid . "
va	O	The dueling drivers were only one set of a sky full of screaming drivers and magical duels .
va	O	" Saw the jumps set up in the ring . "
va	C	Her voice was strong and impassioned as she lumbered out the chorus with Mo singing backup .
va	O	The little pig squealed in Lucy 's arms wriggling to free itself .
va	O	Marielle knew how to handle herself amongst the drunken and boorish sort that often visited her brothel .
va	O	I feel wretched now to realize my self-centeredness might have contributed to his death .
va	O	The man screamed and jerked as he was electrocuted .
va	C	The wall floppy behind him shows the giant specimen of the ship .
va	C	' So to save your life , you befriended ours ? '
va	C	" She tends to lose things at piers , but she 's a quick detour when it comes to surfing . "
va	C	I had seen such ruthlessness before ; what difference might this deduction make ?
va	C	It let go of a loud squeal that enabled its ancient state .
va	C	Those words broke the old woman 's indulgence .
va	C	Mad Rogan was hindering me .
va	C	I could see his mind dimming , analyzing every detail .
va	C	Still , the nozzle was necessary since the wound had been nasty enough to take weeks for an Unmarked body to heal .
va	O	" I suspected William was the culprit .
va	C	He drove slowly up the hill , eased into the uppermost bailey , and coasted to a stop at the curb in front of a stucco two-story .
va	C	Rolling to her back , she discovered the French doors had been blown open , and hailstones now barbarian the wooden floor .
va	C	" You will give me total freedom without any bloodstains on it ? "
va	C	The air was too dry for ice to form on her lashes but the tenants themselves had frozen hard .
va	C	She suspected that they had some surprise up their sleeves , some way to come at her without actually shredding her .
va	C	He stared right back , grappling as well .
va	C	The smallest one emerges a terrible power . "
va	C	We , and here I speak in the name of the whole organization , have already sacrificed so much that any more would undermine our future .
va	O	We 're right at the crossroads of the two main streets in town .
va	C	" He can " Support . .
va	O	The funerals were the only time I 'd seen some of these people in the last eleven years .
va	C	I dropped to the floor and rolled sideways , my hair fluttering from the smear of the hand as it flew over me .
va	C	Sidra whispered under her breath and pulled back , exaggerating when his grip hurt her arm just above the elbow .
va	C	June 's face fares and I immediately regret my tone .
va	O	I lean over to kiss him , but am interrupted by the arrival of the waitress with our oysters .
va	C	" And her regard will never alter or wrestle .
va	O	He turned to his aides .
va	O	The strategy was effective ; the gorillas were driven away , and did not return again that night .
va	O	He would not snuff out their tiny flame .
va	O	The high chime of metal sliding on metal made the hairs on the back of Andra 's neck stand up .
va	O	He looked at the hole in the dinghy 's starboard floatation tube .
va	O	Away in Omaha at another product demonstration , he wasn 't in bed to draw close to and provide body heat and safety from another bad dream .
va	O	Then she returned to the protection of law enforcement who were waiting for her outside Aurelio 's bungalow . "
va	O	Since we 'd left the seer 's house , he hadn 't said much of anything .
va	O	Nisha had made breakfast , a talent and desire I hadn 't imagined her possessing .
va	C	There were huge halls in the urn full of old masters but no one ever tried to steal anything .
va	C	" Sometimes I wonder what if I 'd gone to New Orleans to study unannounced , instead of getting married . "
va	C	It makes me feel better that she still applies to the same music .
va	C	She gave little thought to her favorite gardening as she pulled the bow from her back .
va	C	Me , I 'm a wench .
va	O	It wasn 't like it was a real omen .
va	C	" Okay , but you have to at least give me little Lizards .
va	C	I grab my dress and shoes and unto myself into the closet .
va	C	Mrs. Hearst let her go , again jabbing at tears under her painted eyes .
va	C	He had dirty blond hair that needed refilling .
va	O	He withdraws from the hug , but holds my and Andrew 's hands .
va	C	She needed to disillusion hard evidence from her dreams .
va	C	You are welcome to share , unpack , copy and distribute it for non-commercial purposes , provided the book remains in its complete original form .
va	C	" Genius , " he continued without waiting .
va	C	The hint of arrogance in his eyes and the sharp flare of power as he walked in the room were instant represents .
va	C	He created a grand army , but he needed more to expand the Russian duchess .
va	C	" Hey , grub .
va	O	They 're dressed up like snowmen and stars and storybook characters .
va	C	Pale walls and simple routines were warmed by the golden glow of lamps .
va	O	Though we still have our differences , we are both willing to set them aside for the sake of our homeland . ' '
va	O	" I feel like there was something about a pencil and making a tourniquet .
va	C	It wasn 't doing anything to make my liaison easier .
va	O	She held the controller in her hand , stroking it , wiping away the little bit of dust on it .
va	C	Crista had one open view from where she stood in the rocks , over the boil of reptiles and out to sea .
va	C	Gray sensed the Battle .
va	C	Yet still an acrid taste sweeps in my mouth and a wave of nausea takes me over .
va	O	They could go shopping in the Thai markets , travel to remote and amazing villages , make pilgrimages to other countries .
va	O	She was still filming .
va	O	As we crested the hill that we were climbing , Hades ' palace loomed in front of us .
va	O	That rapier will draw him like a magnet .
va	O	That had been his life , and now it was hers ; apart from the killing , stealing and plundering , that is .
va	O	I nod , flabbergasted at the sheer power of One 's Legacy .
va	O	Lee 's hands were now shaking slightly as he rationalized what had gone down over the past hour .
va	C	Her hands were flowing as she spoke , a graceful swaying that matched the beautiful wonderland of her voice .
va	C	I bent closer to the page , scrubbing frantically .
va	O	I suspect these little exhibits are covered with fingerprints , both Fawcett 's and the killer 's . "
va	C	he said as the instructors scrambled to get into line .
va	C	The Noise buzzes with static as the guard calls his coworker to the desk .
va	O	I flung away my screwdriver .
va	O	Claiming her outweighed the whole world .
va	C	Sunny nudged her coffee aside , liquid gushing over the side .
va	O	Adam Kinkade , with his abrasive swagger and lethal smirk , could melt the panties off any woman .
va	C	I 'll tie his leg to a long piece of string and then tie the other end to a tree right along the cove .
va	C	Do you have any interest in joining him to fly the shuttle , or shall I say the scabbard of a lifetime ?
va	C	But Archer ... If I 'd had any doubts about how Archer felt about me , they were awoken when I saw the look on his face .
va	O	Sara felt a sharp tingle trace along and around her cheekbone in some unseen design .
va	O	He had a strength that defied his form , the fortitude of anger and the might of desperation .
va	C	" Stay low , there 's not much disrespect in here . "
va	C	Then he removed a broad sword almost as long as Avery was tall , as well as its usefulness , which he strapped onto his back .
va	O	" Hey , mister . "
va	C	Could it be that this unlikely casualty was indeed Ogg 's person of particular significance ?
va	O	He made an effort to dress casually , the way he thought a fisherman would dress , but never quite got it right .
va	O	Bowie was irked by Fannin 's formality .
va	O	Blue morning glories wound their way up the tables ' legs , and gentry magic ensured the food stayed hot .
va	C	She scraped the brownie batter into the pan then shoved the cracker into the preheated oven .
va	O	An apartment is a hideout which I cannot , in my anticipatory anxiety , abide !
va	C	Shoot , he may have even included Jacy in on it , as a roundabout way of testing her farce .
va	O	Dean stared holes in the countertop .
va	O	Were you out for a nice cool dip in the creek and stumped your toe on the bumper ? "
va	O	And if he was paying them the sums of money and hiding it , there was something here he didn 't want the world to know about .
va	O	THE WOMAN ACROSS the street was called Patricia Joseph , Patti to her few remaining friends , and she was dialing an NYPD detective named Brewer .
va	O	They brought tea and coffees , adding milk , cream and sugar at each diner 's request .
va	O	They were all adult children of alcoholics .
va	C	I cannot allow anything to unnerve me from that objective .
va	C	Rather , she realized that it was being catapulted into the physical contact with her .
va	O	There 's no way she doesn 't see me , but she keeps her eyes trained neatly on the whiteboard .
va	O	Mitch dropped grapes into his mouth and munched on them while looking at the maps quizzically .
va	C	" Thanks for the advice , " James says , and then points to the hobo bag Dallas is holding .
va	O	" At last someone has seen fit to refill my drying pond of gossip . "
va	C	Well , rearranged for it .
va	C	Make sure our other miners get these images . "
va	O	My hand moved down his flat torso and gripped the thick base of his manhood to return the favor , when his hand stopped me .
va	C	I am Jenna Beck , daughter ... daughter of ... She shook her head , trying to reclaim that haze .
va	C	" Aren 't you the paperback ?
va	O	It could only have been this high-pitched trill that broke through Lucy 's excited stupor .
va	C	Both men were in the hotel bar , enjoying a foal , when Miller 's phone rang .
va	O	It isn 't often a kidnapper gets in touch with the police , it 's almost always the family .
va	C	Mona was about to pick up the phone when her mind , tuning back to the dream , discovered the dream was gone .
va	O	The cathedral was full .
va	O	They looked - Like humanity wrapped in the trappings of a monster .
va	C	He couldn 't see too deeply inside the wide snowflakes , but every now and then a head would appear and a soldier would lean out .
va	O	Patricia Fairfax was clearly a remarkable woman to make up for so much and nurture her family the way she did .
va	C	" Hope you didn 't waste time giving that chit a shallow grave .
va	C	She had probably scaled the same thing as I had from looking at the envelope .
va	O	It looked vaguely like a deformed rooster .
va	O	Two notes from their secret helper in one day !
va	C	They are foreign gods from the sill .
va	C	We have some serious persuading to do tonight at Tina Brian 's house .
va	C	Ash convulsed and spun , blocking their attacks , his blade a blue-white streak through the air .
va	C	When there was no-one , she listened to the same songs on the minefield , or re-read old books .
va	O	" Calm down my good fellows , this warrior has lost his teeth . "
va	C	Me granddad give it to him , before he died , along with this round thing that lasts .
va	O	" Tonight commences the Talisman 's Hie , a contest that has not changed since its inception .
va	O	It was better than feeling the withdrawal pains she was experiencing .
va	C	the critter tried again , hopeful of finding a loaded loony .
va	O	Chaos reigned as people shouted and cursed and it dawned on A.J. that the horse looked delighted at all the trouble he was causing .
va	C	The wheels were cabins half her height with thin spokes and narrow treads .
va	C	Courtney has been best friends with Chloe Preston for years , and Chloe dated my brother Landon several eons ago .
va	C	Her modeling career ended abruptly in Paris , France when she found her agent sleeping with her stepdad .
va	C	This was why she mostly preferred libraries and pants .
va	C	" If this will make you go putt that ball so we can move on to the next hole I 'll wrinkle my arm . "
va	O	" She 's been touched -- her hand stinks of it . "
va	O	" I still have headaches .
va	O	Manuel started the next game and played both halves , but this time he had specific instructions .
va	O	The sides of the ravine were too steep to climb .
va	O	Overnight Tehran along with most of the major oil ports on the Gulf were literally wiped from the map .
va	C	This was one of those fellows .
va	C	At an early age he 'd secured a job in the marketing department at the mine .
va	O	The four friends smile at each other as they read their fortunes .
va	C	When math teachers started talking about unknown realms , they might as well be talking Greek .
va	O	You couldn 't turn around without catching your breath at their imposing grandeur .
va	O	The proprietor runs past me to the wall behind the counter and grabs a fire extinguisher .
va	C	Instead of puffing on the slim chance of finding something forensically significant he had been homing in on the life of the victim .
va	O	He then crouched down and grabbed the barbarian 's iron mandible .
va	O	Now he takes his turn breathing deeply and exhaling .
va	O	The monks are coming for her . "
va	C	Can the user also be wearing a pirate 's hat ?
va	C	A genuinely goodlooking boy , with eyes that shone sometimes mockingly , sometimes with glee and excitement ... and such terrific salesman .
va	C	Being the lone estrogen bubble floating in an ocean of condescension was no fun . "
va	C	The gauges remained where they were , probably because everyone knew how useless they would be in a pitched battle .
va	O	I turned right around , sure I could put the clothes into the dryer myself .
va	C	The divider walls were closing in on her faster and faster by the second .
va	C	" Oh , whatever , " she licks .
va	O	" A cutter . "
va	O	Elodie came bounding past me , and Archer 's eyes went from me to her .
va	O	" Can you even imagine what the critics would say ? "
va	C	" Do you know of the courthouse ?
va	O	The speaker starts to offer Evie advice about claiming her widow 's pension but she shakes her head .
va	C	Like a scam gone wrong .
va	C	But the bar was so jammed with thirsty customers it was impossible to see who was boasting or where Primus and Poison were located .
va	O	Like someone , or possibly someone 's , gone crazy and started killin ' folks in some [ expletive ] bad ways .
va	O	Its warmth gave her flawless skin the luminescence of pearls and , when she flashed her eyes back to him , Devlin caught his breath .
va	O	But the simple fact was , as her mother had always told her , love didn 't come with a timetable .
va	O	If you eat too much the sugar monster will come and nibble on your toes while you 're sleeping . "
va	C	As king of my people I sought to hide some small teacups away , for my people to eat when the winter winds arise in the north .
va	C	As if to contribute , he assumed a serious face , and looked like the photo once more .
va	C	He unbuttoned his pants and pushed them down , and his nudity sprung out .
va	O	Through the normal channels , it had been used by various contractors to put bricks on new homes .
va	C	They were surprised he actually turned up for the fight , and were looking forward to the medallion that would inevitably follow .
va	O	Motion sensors kick her out of sleep mode , and her eyes open to regard me with the uncanny alertness that reminds me she 's not human .
va	C	The ambassador was offering to save Louisa from any sort of shame .
va	O	I take a breath of musty air , remember where I am and slam the visor down .
va	C	I wake screaming from nightmares of royals and lost children .
va	O	In answer to the verbal abuse Kenneth threw at her , her mother had turned to drink and prescription drugs .
va	C	" So , now that you found me , what are you going to demand from me for excellence ? "
va	O	It only graced them both but it still sent them back down the hallway .
va	C	Rayford had made contact with his insecurity in the Eastern Hemisphere , a man named Chaim Rosenberg , who was based in Sydney , Australia .
va	O	And that something makes me feel like a fool , " she said , whispering the last words like a eulogy .
va	C	The kitchen was outfitted with a conundrum , something Luc had felt the need to point out , but I think the tedious task was calming .
va	C	" It 's my birthday and he promised me an exorcism .
va	O	Jor found her sitting at one of the automated hangars and brought her home like she was a stray .
va	C	The first thing that emerges is his height , but it 's quickly followed by recognition of his energy .
va	C	Something had happened during the baron 's reset into the hills and his mood had never lifted since .
va	C	The windowless structure sat shrouded in gloom and shadow , another sad monument to the extinction of pursuing paranormal research , Judson thought .
va	O	" If you want to improve things in town , why don 't we work on establishing a charity ?
va	O	At each junction or new platform , armed guards would stop them , confirm their identity and then allow them to proceed .
va	O	Then they were in the kitchen with a pretty stone hearth , long counters the color of slate , walls of lake blue .
va	C	She called to have a line added , moved the rivalry and the answering machine to the front , and basically set up a reception area .
va	O	He saved me much time and effort by researching the Native American side of the equation . "
va	O	Among the ticket stubs , bootleg cassette recordings and other souvenirs of The Sweat , Deb was astonished to find four diaries .
va	C	Then , as though she had been struck by participating , Alessia 's feet ground to a halt .
va	O	" People , Freeze N Bake makes great brownies !
va	C	When I reached the sheer cliff face , I summarized the map .
va	O	They took their time walking back to the hotel , looking into the tiny shops and markets .
va	O	Jacques didn 't realize how much he was remembering , but Shea did , and it made the sorrow of Rand 's betrayals easier to bear .
va	C	A need for structure , order and building spasms .
va	C	But then again , that would overlook my new theory that I 'm going to rediscover myself .
va	O	I picked up the recorder and dictated the events as they occurred .
va	O	The pavement had melted into tar .
va	C	Skyler had been a wildlife conservationist and provision for most of her life .
va	C	You 'll just have had the chance to prove how tough you are by pinching another tattoo . "
va	C	The fire gave us clearance . "
va	C	Dollop remained focused on the tunnel while cranking his dress to maintain the pretence .
va	O	That causes a chill to slither up my spine .
va	O	The knight and his squire walked out of the inn yard and down the cobbled street that led towards the lake .
va	C	Together they will Seek the supernatural world , blurring divisions , and creating a lasting peace .
va	O	Some human literature says I am an ancient deity of wine and beer .
va	O	The ball of energy hit the kami in the face and exploded , causing it to crash to the ground .
va	O	The river dipped left , under the road , and headed south to the rear of the railway , off into the unknown .
va	C	We need your help to make interpretations .
va	O	He leaned in and whispered , " Since when do you perk up for the sake of appearances ? "
va	C	The voice belonged to Gabriel , the gorgeous , not so old after all , French dish who was her BFF 's boss and new pimp .
va	C	" Preaching to the apex , " Abbey said .
va	O	There are no boulders anywhere that you can collide with . "
va	C	There , lying on the floor , was the girl from the devise .
va	C	But they 'd wanted to see me , or grab me , more for visitation rights than for their own pleasure .
va	C	I hear it 's about merging into our surroundings and avoiding predators . "
va	C	What that meant for settlers was that you could lay down rules of behavior for individual agents , but not for the agents acting together .
va	C	Polk 's trail circled around the demo .
va	O	As they milled about he put down the bow and barked .
va	C	Besides , the answer was so obvious that it weren " t be the right one .
va	C	I couldn 't understand why Margaret continued to maintain the hal .
va	C	Her name was Dorothy , and she was Clarence 's housekeeper and adversity .
va	O	I pulled her close , the scent of her stirring feelings in me that were surfacing more and more .
va	C	" Maybe we should have awoken from the drinking without question scenario in the corridor that we shouldn 't be so willingly led . "
va	C	When Beatrix reaches the flat pathway that winds among the apartment buildings , her pace slows .
va	C	He skated in silence for about half a mile before he stopped .
va	C	The knowledge warms me .
va	C	He couldn 't take his eyes from her as he approached and turned her savior all the way toward him .
va	C	If not , then you need to explain how you can help redirect this dead time . "
va	C	So much , " she said , still high on him , them , the moments that had welded together into bliss .
va	C	" Reach forward , honey , " he said .
va	O	With a duo of treasure dogs on my tail , I had to keep moving .
va	O	I fully expected anything from farmer to mechanic .
va	C	Below our sphere were dozens of black raindrops , running in circles about our craft .
va	C	I tried to downplay the near completion of breaking into the St. Louis facility , but he clearly didn 't believe me .
va	O	" That breaks the insulation . "
va	C	He tries to kill her through a planned insertion , but when she survives has her executed and frames it as a suicide .
va	O	Luisa fell back onto the birthing bed , utterly exhausted .
va	O	Instead of my ordinary pattern of diminished patience , tender breasts , and backache , I was having all those plus cramps and mood swings .
va	C	" Peace , " Art interrupts me .
va	O	What 's past is past and no need to trample over bad ground .
va	C	The first four were idols .
va	C	" I do not speak of tolerance .
va	C	It wouldn 't hurt you to tattle on the story of the prodigal son . "
va	C	" You got to fly a saucer , except you didn 't think you were flying a kangaroo , right ? "
va	O	" Cover for me for a while Lenny . "
va	O	" Yes , it 's one of my war spoils . "
va	O	" Mr. Drummond , sir , why is your company sponsoring the museum exhibit ? "
va	O	I am a psychiatrist at Sanctuary Hospital in Maine and came down for a conference .
va	O	From now on , if you want to import or export , you will need to do it with renminbi .
va	O	" I 'm going to be your second-in-command . "
va	O	One of our original delegation gave his life to defeat a lurker .
va	O	But one more crack out of you and I 'm off , after ... after I 've belted you one , right ? '
va	C	I 'll be over the ocean following the rewards if you need me . "
va	O	The paper was old , and discolored and crumbling at the edges .
va	C	" If she wasn 't so stubborn , maybe she could tell by the way he drifts towards her and by the things he says to her .
va	O	Tony , I want you to go out , pick up Knowles and charge him with concealing a body .
va	C	Mage matched her metals , unruffled by whatever had transpired between them .
va	O	Emily walked over to Spencer , who was staring across the huge ravine .
va	O	" And spare me the jokes about scoring . "
va	C	" I 'm not into ditching .
va	C	The building had once been an old hospital but had been converted into a group home with an adjoining retirement home in the late forties .
va	C	he asked , disguising his keen curiosity with derision .
va	O	' In what context ? '
va	O	I have to report in , let my superiors know if I go too far from base . "
va	O	Been playing the heroine again , have you ? "
va	O	She couldn 't wait to get home and gloat to her mother .
va	C	Any resemblance to actual persons living or dead , pencils , or events is purely coincidental .
va	O	He wore the matching cloak and showed off a pair of daggers that were miniature replicas of Zook 's sword .
va	C	There , they would look out from a little crest that emanated from the hillside , like a commentary position above the goings on of the town .
va	C	I can 't remember the names of the practices nor the manors .
va	O	With her heart still beating fast and her mouth dry as sawdust , she took a deep breath .
va	C	The newest pieces on the ship have been installed up here , no signs of systems failure , no loose plywood .
va	O	Daniel asked , but now his forced voice was raspy and parched .
va	O	" You rebounded from thinking I was dumping you fast . "
va	O	" Thank you and not just for posing as my girlfriend .
va	O	" I don 't know any writers well enough to say one way or another , but I know I do when I write . "
va	C	Several cars began suckling , and soon the others joined in .
va	C	A starburst of fae and bone fragments splattered about .
va	O	I told them that he 'd confessed to murder before , and it had all been investigated , and he hadn 't done anything . "
va	O	In the long , narrow hallway , flickering bulbs gave everything an ugly , sallow tint .
va	O	He gazed after her departing figure , a confused look on his face .
va	O	A very annoying song that has a sullen tune and lyrics full of angst and remorse .
va	C	The stars had so dwarfed in number as to seem the sands of the sea .
va	C	He walked back to me after replacing the storeroom .
va	C	The south side of the lake is all traction and this particular point of land seems to be about two feet above water .
va	O	I could 've been considered a dichotomy of dressers .
va	C	Elaine asked , her eyelids fluttering in a series of blinks that had to be a monument .
va	O	Turnips , carrots , peas , and all sorts of other vegetables grew in orderly rows behind the cottage .
va	O	Whatever Colin had expected out of this meeting , it hadn 't been a comparison of ears and chins and toes .
va	O	The rain blew through the jagged opening with the gusts of wind , and thunder boomed out again .
va	O	Maggie , Frank , and the Pastor watched as Soldado drifted his craft into a mooring .
va	C	And on these words the soldier swung his sword at Alexander who avoided it by a terribly small wage .
va	C	Instead , she verbally refutes the well-known truth that ghouls never find fosters guilty of subtle or grotesque injustices .
va	C	Why would a stepmother have something like this ? "
va	O	" We need to substitute something else for those samples , " Weldon pointed out .
va	O	As a side note , a retired general was among the settlers , and was to be extracted if the situation was deemed dangerous .
va	C	Hart chuckled , the shrinking man .
va	C	" It has it 's caresses , " he replied .
va	O	With an expression that said yuck , he slid it my way .
va	O	asked Pa , starting to realize Judas was living up to his namesake .
va	O	Last year he set a bouncer on fire because he tossed Adam out of the club .
va	O	But wasn 't that the essence of all quests ?
va	O	The letter read : Dear Ashley , I hope that you 're coming along well and that the therapy is progressing .
va	C	All the color had scampered from her face and she was holding herself at an odd angle .
va	C	Her silver hair was piled on top of her head and she wore a light pink tuxedo with a diamond brooch pinned at the collar .
va	C	That sounds way upriver .
va	C	Those were warlocks to make my point . "
va	O	It 's the kind of love that fairytales are born of .
va	C	Long hair flying in her face was a believer , and she couldn 't chance its obstructing her view as it had tonight .
va	C	It was a deliberate ploy from the start .
va	O	" George lost his legs for poaching . "
va	C	" Then we distinguish it , " Nate said .
va	C	But then he starts rubbing my back , and diagrams spread down my spine .
va	O	The zing went through my body .
va	O	Rather than make the referral , the initiating store would order out the part , or maybe even lose the sale .
va	C	" Ethan didn 't disrespect me because of my father . "
va	O	We got ta have a very tight and solid case before we go crashing in with search warrants . "
va	C	We 're committing ourselves of potential . "
va	C	" You 're the best , " Louise complains , shooting me a grateful smile .
va	O	Nobody is in the store so I meander down the short hall and watch my mom set out little doll clothes on the table .
va	C	He could now make out what appeared to be a tiny fragment of a dark sea smashing up against a white cliff face .
va	C	He thought this was some currency by some business rival .
va	C	" Revenge so fucking good , Petal , " he said , circling his tongue around my clit and murmuring the words right against me .
va	O	I 'm very pleased with how well your treatment is progressing .
va	C	" I must take my leave as I have many beasts still to track and hunt for their braids . "
va	C	The squealing made me uneasy .
va	C	Something that is to bright unchanging heaven as heaven is to the dark , heavy earths ... " HAVING A broach ? "
va	O	When a camera fixes on something suspicious then they begin to bark in a very strange way .
va	O	Before he could speak , an empty clear tube rider coasted in and popped open its door .
va	C	The bearded rowers grunted , heaved at the festivities , while their muscles coiled and knotted , and sweat started out on their hides .
va	O	Cruz and I both needed to buy new phones since the kidnappers took ours .
va	O	Alma waved her objections away .
va	C	They were the religions used -- successfully -- up to this point by the Romans , Greeks , and its various viruses .
va	C	He wasn 't making any attempt to hide his crossbows , and the pupils of his eyes had taken on a slit shape .
va	C	In short , after different days of ambushes and jumps , traps and run after to empty , I had finally succeeded in solving one of it .
va	O	Barnes only wants to know about armaments , Ted only wants to talk science , Harry only wants to play logical games .
va	C	You 've made it too far to go skittering away into a corner .
va	C	But it is merely voicing .
va	C	So , to shrinks for a second , you know that I lived in Wyoming before moving to North Dakota , right ? "
va	O	He brushed off the flour from his hands and pulled out a gold necklace from his pocket .
va	O	He grasped her hand in his , halting her assault .
va	O	She was frightened by the attraction that still simmered between them .
va	C	" What else have you got in that genre ? "
va	C	She 'll be your guide until the circuits make a decision . "
va	C	He brought her hand up to his mouth , rubbed her knuckles back and forth in little hunches over his lips .
va	C	She frowned as she saw a tiny brown spider monkey run up the veterinarian 's arm to rest on his shoulder .
va	C	" Your compliance and passport number ? "
va	O	Her arms could barely support her as he rammed into her again , and again , almost causing her to shoot forward at the collision .
va	O	Satisfied , I slung the rifle 's sling across my shoulder and started trudging towards the center of our crude camp .
va	C	He pitched aside the robe in favor of yanking on his polyester pants .
va	C	Tenchi slams on the sill and we speed off in a cloud of blue smoke .
va	C	Why don 't we forge your stuff at the apartment and leave your car here ?
va	C	I ran out of the house and Len chased me across seven streets , three brownies and way back to Winnie 's estate .
va	C	I ´ m also fretting .
va	O	I 've stayed here at your request to help with enquiries about a death .
va	C	They towered up into the sky , nearly as tall as some of the buildings in Lucien , and they left him dumb and tact .
va	O	" It 's just like it 's made of stiff starch cloth .
va	O	Before he could come back , I 'd made it to the large plastic fern a few feet from their table .
va	C	Even granny had said that if I blackmailed my hair brown and closed my eyes , I would look exactly as my Dad did at my age .
va	O	After a moment 's contemplation , she decided that whatever he could give of himself was enough .
va	C	" Are you alright kiddo ? "
va	C	And with that trademark , she lifted the glass dome off the Black Rose .
va	O	No one she would entrust the secrets of her heart to .
va	C	All eyes fixed quickly on him , and he lost no time in further accentuating the moment .
va	C	Without them , how could dice be caught ?
va	C	I was quite pleased with my shipment as I strolled out the front doors .
va	O	Do we need to revisit all of this old history ? "
va	O	I have no artistic inclinations . "
va	C	So many times , Mage held afar and stone in her hand , ready to step into a blazing inferno .
va	C	Lily laughed because it was normal for Rosa to anticipate her and she needed normalcy .
va	C	If things went sour , he could always get hid of these people and turn the ship over to his transcript .
va	C	More than one huge empty shop had been turned into a veritable sponge of booths .
va	C	Cricket stumbles against his window frame .
va	O	When he slows down and rolls off to the side , we 're both gasping and trembling .
va	C	Or a nightcap , right in the face ? "
va	C	Annie certainly hadn 't shed any tears over the injection of that marriage .
va	O	It didn 't pierce the shield , but it sent an awful shock throughout his system .
va	C	They followed it until it fluffed off to the left and they found themselves along the bank of Duck Creek .
va	C	The door openings in jags .
va	O	" I don 't snore . "
va	C	All our birthday parties were on the lawn out front that separates the house from the tumbler .
va	C	The resulting orgasm sent a bolt of lightning up her spine , contacting her body and lighting it on fire .
va	C	Four stories follow bargain hunters and their unfortunate purchases ( talks about robin 's remorse ! ) .
va	C	I probed , trying to suck some air .
va	O	It was all he could do to stop his hands reaching out to the pair 's throats .
va	O	Beautiful , and not always easy to grow , lily of the valley was sprinkled all along his wide front drive .
va	O	She hopes to continue working in theatre as she moves beyond school and in to the professional world .
va	C	He seemed to meddle some at her suggestion that she found brute force unappealing .
va	C	The scuff of rewinding and a short delay , then : " Do you think they 'll ever get the sphere open ? "
va	O	Collet , the daughter , introduces me to her mother .
va	C	I engineered that information with my earlier reading that it can take up to three weeks from infection for symptoms to appear .
va	O	He walked behind her , where he could anticipate any move she made .
va	C	The night air was still warm as they entered Gouda and made their way to the old market bustle .
va	O	A ghost of his old resolve sparked back to life casting aside his doubts once more and spurring him to action .
va	C	" So you spread yourself out among six units , " Vel pitches .
va	O	Since when , she mused , had starchy ceased to be a turnoff for her and started being a powerful aphrodisiac ?
va	O	Felix has told me about your manic outbursts and about your delusion that you are the law on this island .
va	O	He cleans the lenses of his glasses with the bottom of his shirt and then slips them back on his nose .
va	C	Elizabeth and Amy went to the stables to greet them dressed in jeans and shrieks , ready to assist .
va	O	The only dampness on his forehead was merely the remaining water from his recent dunking in the trough .
va	C	They welcome it - and the messes it brings . '
va	O	Jeff continued , " Buy a new toothbrush .
va	C	John returned to his police cruiser and called in both the ambulance and his officers ; as well as the volunteer firefighters .
va	C	" Time can be perceived like a fork with many tongs extending out in parallel indentations .
va	O	Their black steeds tossed their heads and stomped their feet impatiently .
va	O	Andrew had also deleted every email they had ever sent back and forth , hoping that would quell any temptation he felt .
va	C	' Not that it shocks me mightily .
va	C	Hilda 's sympathies were firmly on the rise , whereas Jack Smyth had issues to confront .
va	O	Recalling the prince as tender and loving only reopened the raw and jagged wounds still festering upon her heart .
va	O	" I can 't believe she had the audacity to show up here .
va	O	The humor faded from Noah 's expression like a drop of water evaporating on a hot sidewalk .
va	O	Her commute usually fell much later in the morning , missing the morning rush hour .
va	O	she says then spits at me .
va	C	" This represents the end to their empire of drugs and Terror .
va	O	She had pluck , and I just knew that , more than anything else , would save her .
va	C	Perhaps they would divide and forgive her , or at least provide for her children .
va	O	The warm feel of his tongue soothed away any raw feeling of moral contradiction that had taken residence so obnoxiously in my heart .
va	O	" You saw those bombs , missiles , whatever they were .
va	O	I 'm saddened to be the bearer of the news that your mother is no longer alive . "
va	O	He looked like he 'd just hit the jackpot .
va	O	He was the one who took an interest in his life , who had , it seemed , fathered him .
va	O	I ask him not to tell that old joke at funerals , but inevitably , he does .
va	C	Every vacation has a shelf life , and maybe this one will evaporate before Rome .
va	C	said the figure brightly , and fell over into the fob .
va	O	With a metallic click , the Scroll broke free from the pedestal it was fastened to .
va	C	" More than a few of these tokens never belonged to those cursed monks in the first place . "
va	C	He just sat -- there were no more wines .
va	O	The loud purring would start as it invited her to pick it up and cuddle it .
va	C	One of the Parents I loved reading was called science fiction which was speculation about possible futures . "
va	O	He grins as he lifts the lid revealing a small filet with all the trimmings .
va	O	We are all over that database , General , and none of it 's good .
va	C	Donaldson reddened at the mention of Noah , briefly abated , but then engaged in a final bit of theater for his client 's benefit .
va	O	He will be a good laird and Keeley will be a credit to him . " " '
va	C	Even if the doorman worked . "
va	O	The road slopes so we 'll try it again there .
va	C	It 'll redeem all files here and any redundant backups elsewhere . "
va	C	When Dallas was born , the Devil started his search for the recommendation .
va	O	But in terms of espionage , such an ability went a long way .
va	C	It was Stephen King 's The waning .
va	O	By firing in sequence , one every five seconds , it was hoped that fear of the big guns might disrupt the enemy 's decision cycle .
va	O	" Roulette , " he confirms .
va	C	He wanted to dazzle her , savor and pleasure her more .
va	C	" You forgot the most important missive , " I murmured .
va	O	Show me those vampire reflexes . "
va	O	You sit on the council of social ills .
va	O	The only indication that he knew I was there was the slight stiffening of his body .
va	C	Her eyes widened as she looked at the mantra with suspicion .
va	C	Tavi 's neglected stomach caved a complaint , and he sighed .
va	C	" Use the vitality to win the war , " she whispered and begin to vanish in sparkling carmine particles .
va	C	She 's only a two gunner and she 's not moving to mend .
va	C	I considered that attitude a sign of rite .
va	O	What about the potions ?
va	O	She promised the weeds that she would return with a hoe , stood , and stared at the back door .
va	C	Elden 's true colors were coming out - none of the others ran for it , tried to unwrap the others .
va	O	Close behind her was her captor , the undeniable shape of a gun in his hand .
va	O	The two smaller pieces of the comet were the main concern now .
va	O	She knew exactly how the first impressions of the evening should unfold , from the way she held her eyes to the subtle tilt of her smile .
va	C	Of course , Mary Grace was one of the earliest centers in women 's rights .
va	C	Then it stretched and grew another five feet in relation .
va	O	With each toot of that horn , the panic would worsen .
va	C	Gabriel pressed his wrist tight to his brother 's mouth , realising that he fed .
va	C	And a kind of laughing indifference to everything , an enlightenment in his sense of what was important .
va	C	It unwound one arm from the old man 's neck and reached toward him , festering .
va	C	I thought you were working with the fringe . "
va	O	I sat on the hot ground , surrounded by stalks four feet tall , and I cried , something I really hated to do .
va	O	" Let me untie you .
va	C	But Vicki didn 't need to sleep with Ryan to know that he 'd already conducted all the corners of her heart .
va	O	He got another spoon from the camp kit and ladled up more soup into Maynard 's wooden bowl .
va	O	What 's more , he resists her sexual advances .
va	O	He moaned her name , making her deepen the kiss .
va	C	There chanced to be a rebellion against some of these great brownies .
va	C	" We were going to play some baseball with a couple other guys , " Zach said , " but it looks like everyone worshipped . "
va	O	" Yup , " I reply , straightening my jersey .
va	C	" I don 't want to be seen emerging from the private elevator early each morning , " she said stubbornly clinging to her voicemails .
va	O	When Nora appeared in the lobby a few minutes later , she was towing a much bigger bag than mine .
va	C	" Sharing books , are we ? "
va	C	Cole had shown her the grassy fenced in area where nuns could exercise their dogs .
va	O	This place will be swamped in a minute . "
va	C	This was no bull , but a huge ransom - the thing that had begun as a little pig .
va	O	The entire keep hummed with an air of expectancy .
va	O	" The technicalities have , maybe , but nothing else . "
va	C	In fact , the enclave functioned fairly well .
va	C	" Keeps me laughing , " she said , then looked down and added , " I wish I had bigger versions . "
va	C	" He 's not harming anything .
va	C	He grinned and gave me a decoy .
va	O	Every once in a while , he snored lightly and shifted his weight .
va	O	" You won 't eat me , " he boasted .
va	O	She calculated how much of her allowance was left .
va	O	It wasn 't his contrition she doubted .
va	O	Then , suddenly he realized he couldn 't go there , because they 'd know then where he lived , where the shrinking man lived .
va	O	I towed the empty food cart out , closing the door carefully behind me .
va	O	She outlines how she intends to examine preferences for particular habitats and nest sites , and my Far nods approvingly .
va	O	The 100,000 volts zapped through the carbon cloud and grounded all the transformers ' connections .
va	C	He would forever walk with the Maker at his side , but it was clear now , he would have to attribute his own path .
va	O	At that he looks up , his glasses askew , scowling like he 's about to chastise me .
va	C	She stopped momentarily before storming out into the light .
va	C	His sultry , low whisper sent fire zipping through her entire body .
va	O	What had been carved in these passages on the inclined dome told more than an ancient story .
va	C	Steve pulled out his jawline and set it on the table .
va	C	As she captured her salmon in deep , calming breaths Murray turned his horse towards her , his eyes burning .
va	C	She was like a brilliantly colored package , sitting beneath an exquisitely decorated Christmas tree on Christmas Day , just begging me to extinguish it .
va	C	The cost of food and bread in particular had soared and families already on the angular line were finding it impossible to feed themselves .
va	C	With Tolland and Rachel trapped up on the riddle , Corky had not been able to reach them .
va	C	Keeping his eyes trained on hers , he began removing his gloves with slow learner .
va	C	She saw that the torrent had abated to a slow but steady gushing of drops .
va	O	Add in gas and ship docking fees , occasional prostitute - " " Gross , " Vel said , making a face .
va	O	As the clerk reached for the envelope , the courier took hold of the outstretched hand , pulling it free of its host body .
va	O	I quickly pick through my limited knowledge of Princeton 's social scene to avoid sounding like a dumbass .
va	O	His hands stopped for a second as he considered another winter of squabbles .
va	C	James nods and goes back to his notebook , mouthing something else before turning it toward me .
va	C	Maybe it was the fact that he was waning days .
va	O	He was nervously awaiting the new message like a job applicant waiting to be interviewed .
va	O	When I finally came to a halt , the smell of sulfur was suffocating .
va	C	The " server room " he mentioned before proved to be an impressively large exhibition hall .
va	C	* * * Sometime in the night , a sharp rap of affront against the wall of my Olympus bedroom startled me awake .
va	C	Where 'd you find a male camaraderie in this place ? "
va	C	" Buying and waiting most likely . "
va	O	Her heartbeat quickened when she heard the captain 's voice saying they had been cleared for takeoff .
va	C	Tucker also had to assume one or more of the holds was already conducted by Felice and her team .
va	O	But unlike the time before when I imagined all possible futures , there was one I imagined without her .
va	C	It floated off to the Port where it sprouted up on the town beach .
va	C	What do I need to do to get banned from this place ? "
va	O	He normally was the antithesis of it .
va	O	Her legs fell wide open like a beautiful clam revealing a pearl , and Staffan nearly lost his mind at the sight .
va	O	The thug who 'd struck him sneered to his comrade .
va	O	The Players for the Panthers burst through the paper barrier emblazoned with their mascot of a black panther jumping through purple flames .
va	O	I rest my chin on my gloved hands and fume .
va	C	" My people are cruising now , " Kaleb said .
va	O	" And then you got drunk and had an accidental threesome with a pair of neanderthal potheads . "
va	C	" Okay , " I said , laughing as I took the panties from him and stuffed them into my jean pocket .
va	C	I pulled out the little key to my locker , used it , and stuck my purse inside , discarding the key in my khaki slacks .
va	O	" They 're combing the streets and they have a five mile perimeter set up .
va	C	You want Hannah to be an adult until she messes up , and then you want it to be my fault because I didn 't babysit her .
va	C	Chapter 8 Willow brought home pamphlets and made a shortcake .
va	C	The shepherds showed 2 and 3 .
va	C	I asked him how much for cinema .
va	O	This servant never fails , Rachel .
va	O	Passion 's energy is bright and warm , just like the color of its gemstone .
va	C	He continued to experience searing agony in the end of the arm but with no way to anticipate it .
va	O	~ ~ ~ James reclined against the inside of the shooting house while Joni slumbered in his arms .
va	C	The name shocks her .
va	C	I want to be around for your hobo . "
va	C	Today was the day he guzzled the great halls of the exclusive Immortal prep school and everything was to go perfectly .
va	O	The friction of him moving in and out , along with both his hands working her , was too much on her sensitive skin .
va	O	" She verbally assaults would-be suitors , " Hospitality 3000 said , " leaving only a scarred psyche behind .
va	O	I wouldn 't have made it into the Academy without her tutoring . "
va	O	" This water is a cesspool of filth and disease , " Zook said sternly .
va	C	Sidra had caked with Laura on all arguments .
va	O	I think all three of us tensed , watching the rearview mirror , until we made it up the ramp onto the interstate .
va	O	She gasped and clung to my shirt while the offending vine slithered back into the undergrowth .
va	C	Looking at the knives being commandeered and sensing a gang war , some people gathered around the scene .
va	O	" There will be no rebirth , " the voice says calmly as everything collapses into chaos .
va	C	They have grappling in Ireland ?
va	C	Sometime , somewhere in our menus , we will have our entangled states resolved .
va	C	Janet remembered the full moon and was thankful that at least the glow of it would scatter some of the space .
va	C	Minutes slowed as the world seemed to stretch out to dreamland in front of him but on Jack raced , refusing to give up .
va	C	Reality sinks in and shines down on me .
va	C	Needless to say , he concentrated on Nobel prize armchairs .
va	O	Fortunately he soon found a patch of grass , just outside the tents , a place where no footfall had recently occurred .
va	O	There 's a stitch in my side and I press my hand to it as I stagger along .
va	O	You should try amnesia . "
va	O	The table was spread with papers and illuminated by candles in two iron candelabra .
va	C	Luckily for me , my hippie boss believes in things like gut feelings instead of resumes and idols .
va	O	Casually , he began to sharpen it in long strokes .
va	O	Needing to thaw out , I sat close to the fire .
va	C	" But if there were no philosopher to it , would you marry the man ? "
va	C	They don 't clam . "
va	C	" What happens if the offspring stops growing , but doesn 't actually die ? "
va	O	Being free from the can , thousands of needle bones flexed from its belly , looking for a brain to interrogate .
va	O	It 's a hybrid .
va	C	By the time you complete that , we should have a penalty for you .
va	C	Was it corrupted by your colleague , do you think ? "
va	C	Kenny about crushes on his glee .
va	C	I find a private part of the similarities , away from the party noise .
va	O	Gray grabbed the nearest worker , a carpenter whose face was half covered by a respirator .
va	C	This body was just one more reminder that their problems -- the problems that had bugged them from his youth up -- had never gone away .
va	C	This was the same fear that had endowed me for the better part of four years , and it was time to work through it .
va	O	The right choice , Surreal decided as she watched Daemon relax enough to unwrap the blankets and get a better look at his baby .
va	O	" Are you going to eat that taco ? "
va	O	It didn 't compute .
va	O	Ry had brought our bags over when he 'd first come up so at least we had clothing and toiletries .
va	C	The quarterback was staring at her .
va	O	Nice sorcerers don 't stalk . "
va	C	I wait patiently for his file to come up and when it does , I poop out a breath .
va	O	" Well ... I have lived through twenty-six winters . "
va	O	Flying debris struck the window , shattering its erstwhile " bullet proof " pane .
va	O	" Eat , " said the tribesman , " while you still live , black blood . "
va	C	Your schooling my friends , has been officially invaded . "
va	C	It was time for Chapel .
va	C	I flailed against him , feeling good .
va	C	Twenty minutes later , I was lusting over the smell of freshly baked pizza and nibbling from the ceramic bowl of olives on our table .
va	C	" Adam , " Shana concurred , but his gaze didn 't waver from Tim 's face .
va	C	Then I noticed blonde virgins .
va	C	Remove a psycho and cut the sigils back in the Kremlin off from a reliable source of cash .
va	C	How could a man sit reading such a book when his wife was writhing and twisting in jest ?
va	C	There is nothing to perceive us . "
va	O	When I showed no sign of leaping across the table to sit next to him , he handed me his sketchpad to study .
va	O	What if her own true character was open to everyone 's interpretation ?
va	C	She hugged her knees to her chest and tried to provoke body heat .
va	O	The purpose of DeWitt 's first meeting is to pack the management at major agencies with people loyal to her alone .
va	O	" Turns out just as well you didn 't kill Cesare back at his palazzo , " said Bartolomeo .
va	C	I want you to think of a three digit number that 's digits are exasperating .
va	C	He put the bill in his pocket and pushed aside the Pass that hid the attic door .
va	C	As the years passed , those fabrications grew wilder and trademark .
va	O	I lay over her gently and mold my chest to her back , feeling the contours and gaps fill in with a heated satisfaction .
va	C	" And I have a headache from it , but I don 't really care if my head whips .
va	O	Dean watched with curiosity , remembering Tessa had told him that she was working on improving her creative writing skills .
va	C	" You mean we are having a ' transmitter ' as well ? "
va	O	" Anyway , I 'm gon na let him fill you in on the details about his bloodline . "
va	O	" Damn you , " he said hoarsely , crawling toward her as debris rattled down and mingled with the snowflakes .
va	C	I walked down toward the only door , and knocked somewhat tentatively , impressed by the poll of it all .
va	C	The chit notices my puzzled look .
va	O	I scrolled through the missed call log : he 'd called me eighteen times and left ten voicemails .
va	O	It weighs six ounces .
va	O	And did you see that awful haircut ?
va	C	Though two years have passed , she looks younger , her face bristles and her smile wider .
va	C	Their hearts were heavily embellished .
va	C	And he 's old enough now that he 's decided he can be picky about how he adjusts his time .
va	O	Mom 's face freezes in an outrageous O. " You didn 't ... retrieve it ? "
va	C	Pain arced through his shoulder , spreading agonizing flame until he had to close his eyes and grit his teeth to remain silent .
va	C	He gives me a tiny smile and flags our fingers together .
va	C	Her hair trembled in syncopation with that muffled hiss from under the attentions .
va	O	And then , she worsened , began screaming , using profanities , cursing the saints .
va	C	He dragged over a flagon that wouldn 't have been nearly tall enough had she used it .
va	C	He received room and board there , and a paltry assortment , in exchange for translation services .
va	O	However busy he was , carve out some time and let him know that this was something I would pursue .
va	C	How much that voice inside could divide what the guards , the so called bosses come slave drivers , back at the mine would say .
va	O	They took me to the training camp , where I was one of a legion of terrified children . "
va	O	" I told him I had a science project on reindeer so we were going on a trip to the Great White North .
va	O	He waved a flag as a signal to those manning the catapult .
va	O	Trifecta , in its entirety , will be absorbed by Frost Industries and it will be absorbed now .
va	O	I dropped on that moron like a crane accident . "
va	C	But then you slouched into Cynthia 's life , and she couldn 't resist adding your scalp to all the others on her belt .
va	O	Though she had pledged her allegiance to me , I had in turn demanded she follow Sofie 's guidance as it related to this war .
va	O	The command center had disengaged into individual units .
va	C	She propped a boot on the cove 's bottom rail and smoothed the homemade quilt around the infant seat .
va	C	I fought to stay positive , while Michael threatened a surname .
va	O	The local congressman had an office here , too , which sort of added to the air of coolness .
va	O	Drawn by the beauty of his face , she ran her finger over his cheekbone and to his jaw .
va	C	Waving my hand , I dressed myself in a clean white fluff and my hair was instantly arranged in a neat chignon .
va	O	" The scribes or weavers may require some assistance .
va	C	" I have you here for half a dozen healers in the two years you were on our radar .
va	C	If he could just wheeling past , allowing a safe margin on its north side .
va	O	Seconds later he sat up and I sighed with relief before chewing a berry myself .
va	C	Cassie hugged Chris tighter , thankful for his undying love and support .
va	O	Cade shifts to the side and pulls out a bottle of sunscreen from his back pocket .
va	C	And there it was , the superhero taking on a pink tinge from the first rays of a new day .
va	C	When the Undead were first identified there was no attempt at warning the citizenry for fear of global panic .
va	O	While Elle is busy in the bedroom packing her bags , I call Shay and give him a rundown of our plans .
va	O	Even if I can ﬁnd someone to talk to , there 's really no point in spreading rumors now .
va	O	He slumped down and a black Labrador approached him , nudging him with a wet , black nose .
va	O	She was starting to have a very bad feeling about just what had her family in such an uproar .
va	O	I felt fevered , dizzy , while the most unexpected surge of pleasure made my head fall back and my knees weaken .
va	O	" Then I realized it was just a geek in disguise . "
va	O	And so were created the Institutes , the local power bases of the Nephilim .
va	O	" They took such pains to cover their tracks , but this guy forgets to leave his ID badge at the office ?
va	O	He grabbed all the gunpowder and ammunition in the pouch and stuffed it into his vest .
va	C	However , I 'd obviously done something to deserve him , so I was content to accept his misstep and devotion for the rest of my life .
va	O	For apprentices who aren 't related to their masters , the guild can be pretty harsh .
va	O	I don 't like you either so that makes her my amigo . "
va	C	There was a beeping noise from the direction of the house .
va	O	I 'm a perfect marksman , I don 't need this shit .
va	C	I watched the water tease the legs of Rourke 's well-worn jeans as he probed deeper into the stream .
va	O	Now you just have to give it time to heal and for those pathways to your sister to reopen . "
va	C	If it 's your routines that are going to bleed , you 've only yourself to blame . "
va	C	I rip my gaze from her eyeglasses , take out my cell phone , and text Ethan .
va	O	" You 're going to give me a second mortgage for three million . "
va	C	I speak the chant to open it and pick up the red goo inside .
va	C	" Surely you can find a way to scuttle off the current profits ?
va	C	" I 'm not telling , either , so I guess we have ourselves what 's called a Mexican housewife . "
va	O	He began handing him some papers -- the courier he had requested had never arrived -- when he realized he knew the lad .
va	O	I promised you all , and all of the other unions and workers on the Station a fair and living wage .
va	C	Aros , shut down the damaged central premise and prepared for the crash landing .
va	O	Rand 's rage was gone , replaced by loathing .
va	C	You might have imagined her a fierceness .
va	C	Matt pocketed it with one swipe and punched Kevin hard enough to send him sprawling .
va	C	I had been spying for almost a year , and I was united in what was to be my most consequential betrayal .
va	C	She harboured hopes that he would hold similar looks and paparazzi to that of her late father .
va	O	I slipped into Sam 's shirt and ran a comb through my wet , tangled hair and gathered up my ruined clothes to shove into the trashcan .
va	O	" I don 't want to use that crutch anymore .
va	C	I was just a curiosity to them ; the dangerous new kid to be stared at and reminisced about .
va	C	His eyes were cold as stones on the bottom of a frozen margarita .
va	C	Today , with Corr , it 's no different , only the silverware we stand by is taller than the ones I 'd need for Dove .
va	O	She thought about that blister and her insides melted .
va	O	Abby couldn 't imagine what she would have done without the woman she considered her mother-in-law .
va	C	Did his ancestors feel the same kind of fear he did as they trudged over the merit alone ?
va	O	She could see Docking Bay Eight directly behind him - the freighter and escape lay there .
va	C	The words rushed out , and I thought he looked a little relieved when he nodded in disarray .
va	C	I would have kept to the lower rates -- instead frequenting the small street shrines along the roads to make my measly offerings and halfhearted prayers .
va	O	What if she was in one of those gangs that got in fights ?
va	C	I live for the renovation . "
va	O	He also thought he should consult with Mr. Clancy .
va	O	His words wedged in my throat like a cold , harsh truth , and I had trouble gulping them down .
va	O	We shared the day with the Methodists , our friends and friendly rivals .
va	O	A vivid picture of him reaching up to unbutton her blouse popped into her head .
va	C	Slaughter dozens of alphas ?
va	C	A short hallway ended at a counter with a sign above it that read " Couples . "
va	C	When at last she awoke she found herself blindfolded and , it seemed , riding upon a horse supported by the strong arms of her ex-husband .
va	O	You have journeyed long from the tree of souls .
va	O	I shoved the button through its hole and tugged on the flap , then waited for an objection .
va	C	She whispered one last Russian gunpowder .
va	C	" You flatter her , I think , " Valentine said quietly .
va	O	No matter how many assurances he gave me that it would go to a private collector , what if it were placed in a museum ?
va	O	The forlorn figure facing me took the bottle .
va	C	It seemed like a type of roulette to him , though .
va	O	The king shouts as the Princess throws the door open , storming away from her ignorant father .
va	O	There was no beer to stow .
va	O	I do think Shaheen is the best of all the princes .
va	C	Then the fragment came to him : ' You are in an unknown planet , naked and alone , and that may be a dangerous animal . '
va	O	Even with such an innocuous touch , he found himself hardening for her , his second erection in centuries .
va	O	The canister was all black with little yellow dots .
va	O	" To drop off the clothes I 'm going to be storing in her closet . "
va	O	He knew their wives and children , and their successes , and he did not enjoy being their executioner .
va	C	I told myself to spur him for saying something so outrageous .
va	C	She followed Roman up through the marketplace .
va	C	Glancing up at the roiling sky , he said , ' There 's a load of snow up there , I can smell it .
va	O	The moment the injection was given , Edward 's body immediately began to relax .
va	C	They look like they want my puppets on a stick .
va	O	And I 'm afraid that our organisation can 't afford to have someone like you , there 's no controlling you .
va	C	Just as my riddle finished cooking , Mariel staggered out to the kitchen drawn by the smell of the coffee .
va	O	A warty goblin caught my eye and grinned , pointing to his display of necklaces made of fingers , teeth and bones .
va	C	Sometimes getting authors to come and take a look .
va	C	The instant she saw the look on his face she realized that today was not the day of greenery .
va	C	" Do you have a hobo I can change in ?
va	O	Then what -- more suicides , a war ? "
va	O	I didn 't care if she would hate me as I already loathed myself .
va	O	A stream of vapor poured through the crack of the door , flowing as quickly and silently as a lethal dose of carbon monoxide .
va	C	The moon was nearly down over the black sea , exaggerating a silvery path toward the horizon .
va	C	" Damn you , " she spat , skimming up .
va	C	She has wrapped herself in a quilt made of cut-up jeans that I brought back as a reconciliation a few weeks ago .
va	O	They would then arise and take out as many of the drivers and horses pulling the wagons as they could .
va	C	" We 've had some , ah , liability issues . "
va	O	What was she , some giddy girl to swoon at beauty ?
va	O	He turned to see who it was , and he saw the guards marching towards him with their swords out , ready to execute .
va	C	Her response was automatic , borne from years of initiation .
va	C	They not only had their schedules and camp goods , but all their trading goods and gifts as well .
va	C	Today , Hart had wanted to take Fellows on a sear through the woods .
va	C	" It 's 10 after 6 , " Caitlin told him , standing in the bathroom doorway , gently rubbing ointment on her arms .
va	C	She staggered backwards in particulars of disbelief before falling -- scratched and bloody -- onto one of the beds .
va	C	Steve closed his eyes , squealing in the scent of all the different herbs .
va	O	His move so perfectly mimicked the training position that she didn 't even bother to pull her hideaway .
va	C	" The gloves we wear do not merely bide time but also emit Earth time in a controllable field .
va	C	Gabe clutches the crypt with both hands .
va	C	" I didn 't know I had one , but I showed him in and waited for him to tell us today 's punishments .
va	C	" The young man sitting next to her , suddenly flamed , he did it with vehemence .
va	O	He didn 't seem to be affected by the odors at all .
va	O	With Ross , he boosted power on the perimeter fence to almost 200 amps .
va	C	She chastised , trying to find the magic that would make Josie change her mind .
va	C	I watched Harlow take a step toward him and wrap her small hand around the guy 's contemplation .
va	O	Of course , the cloaked men had been seeking us at our lodgings .
va	C	Both of them wanted to revel in Francesca 's healing light for all eternity .
va	C	It takes a lot of tapestry to become a doctor . "
va	C	He silently chastised himself for not having put them on sooner .
va	C	" That , gentlemen , was our plan in this room 20 years ago , and I will now advance our frigate forward .
va	C	Finally , we went to bed after conferring together and in the dark , Mr. Stone softly kissed me as he held me close .
va	O	Her lungs felt too tight to breathe even though she didn 't spot the she-wolf .
va	O	With deliberate fingers , he unwrapped the foil and twisted the thin metal holding the cork .
va	O	A terrible loneliness and sense of fatality came over Reuben .
va	O	I 'm about to implement a little tough love , and I have a feeling you won 't like it . "
va	O	After a short , Tuesday night out with Eileen , Wayne retired to his bedroom and wrote several paragraphs of flattery on his girlfriend .
va	O	Of course they had all engineered it so I had Stryker on one side and Lottie on the other .
va	O	" He 's not going to eat , you know , " I said , finally , as I finished chopping an onion .
va	C	He strengthened his mental chokehold on the twisting labyrinth of fire inside him .
va	C	" Do you need to intercede ?
va	O	I stumbled through classes , hiding my flushed face because hot prickles kept invading my body every time I caught sight of Michael flirting with Elena .
va	C	" It was called ' Flames to ghouls ' and it starts fire . "
va	O	I thought I 'd better get going , so I slid down the banister and hopped off at the landing .
va	O	Besides , they were partially right - I could touch him now without flinching .
va	O	There were just phases of the moon , lists of religious festivals , and the occasional sweet stuck to a page .
va	O	The entire yacht was rather spacious and Olivia was floored at the largess of it all .
va	C	It was becoming clear that Eris would not show herself , even for a bottom earring like me .
va	C	* * * He finished the bit of adulthood and opened his eyes .
va	C	Bob and Ken said they would welcome a stroll around , so the girls headed to the ice sculpture .
va	O	She opened her eyes , watching the tapestry .
va	C	" And for those of us still struggling with porridge ? "
va	C	It had all been scalded .
va	O	A light nearly a kilometer away was seen .
va	C	He knew the phone calls that would come , the prospects for money , the guilt because his father had no food in the refrigerator .
va	C	I chastised myself and tried to block out the kissing noises from the entryway that indicated an extended goodbye .
va	O	" I can 't just stay here and watch some crime techs go through all my things . "
va	O	She filled the pockets of her coat and jeans with cloves of garlic .
va	O	They passed the big blue airship , the one they had just seen outside .
va	O	Mrs. Bethany 's bed was a carved black monstrosity , with spiral columns that supported the canopy overhead .
va	O	I wish I had gotten my claws around his neck , but the Florida justice system got that trophy .
va	C	They tumbled to the earth , and the orientation dropped his weapon in favor of beating his opponent with his fists .
va	O	The gravestones flicker with movement under the supervision of the sun like a thousand lost souls trying to get the attention of a passerby .
va	O	Maybe this room held rows of cubicles .
va	C	That love hadn 't been tested by time or boredom or Werewolf .
va	O	I 've been monitoring the Darfur situation for many years and all I 've seen there is the murdering of innocents .
va	C	But since her trip to Chase 's licence , everything here felt bland .
va	C	Even with my vastly expanded powers I have trouble stringing them .
va	O	His persistence finally resulted in the concession to entertain the men at the embarkation points .
va	O	He was kind of a loner .
va	C	It leaps , ceasing , only to slam hard into the metal and flop to the floor .
va	C	It isn 't a command , so I don 't look at myself , although I get really aware of my attentions .
va	O	He helped Carrie to her feet and knew by the slow way she rose that she was cramping up .
va	C	He creases my hair with his big bear paw .
va	O	Rico thought of Elvira , caught in open water in the squall , and assessed her chances .
va	C	" There is another constitutional amendment coming up on the bloke next November , " she loudly announces what they already know .
va	O	They had been wronged .
va	C	Are we still on for that babysitting ? "
va	O	It transforms its enemies into ... things .
va	C	She did , nudging off her shoes , kicking away her wet jeans , whooshing out of her panties .
va	C	We would be asked to cancel our huddle at the country club , and I would very likely have to step down from any number of boards .
va	O	I didn 't think I would ever get used to the nuances of this place .
va	C	The only personal maintenance he hadn 't abandoned besides regular comedy was a stringent fitness routine .
va	O	Now , do you want your trinket or not ? "
va	O	His organs and bones were obliterated .
va	C	Elena said aloud , staring as she turned her hands over and over , nipping at the solid , mortal flesh that obeyed the laws of gravity .
va	O	' It happened many times in the past , ' said the priestess , on - cue .
va	C	Then she said , " Hold this , Kait , " and went hiking up the marketplace .
va	C	So don 't you dare pretend to be her handiwork tonight .
va	C	The crazed pace continued through the busy seasons of city traffic .
va	C	The eyes dragged by the wide hips and ample girth .
va	C	After a minute of silence , I hear some noise -- a door handle turning , a shortage of wind , traffic and some other outside sounds .
va	C	Breach alarms start to sound , but many are unable to deal with anything as Dagger continues his passage through hollows and ripping compartments open to space .
va	O	You 're going to fight , clash , say things you don 't mean ... When you love someone , these things can happen .
va	O	" What is your name , peasant ? "
va	O	There 's a theatre less than ten minutes away . "
va	C	He has a wonderful fairytale . "
va	O	I was swerving in and out of traffic and running basically every red light .
va	C	Our people must have at times been forced to use those who were ill for negotiation during that time .
va	C	She whirled around on the violation of the moment , too late .
va	O	" Maybe he 's faking , " said Wiggles .
va	C	Perhaps that was sufficient , but she needed to do something to make the work environment more enjoyable , to build offline .
va	O	The two of us were standing on the porch of the enormous sized mansion , embracing each other .
va	O	Forget the mathematics , I urged myself .
va	O	Heat clung to him like a thick blanket , and his tongue and throat were already parched .
va	O	Why would you want to adopt me ? "
va	C	It wasn 't going to get very far like that , dragging itself along like it was disconcerted .
va	C	He reached for the fiasco in his Birthright Opal .
va	C	He didn 't want to give Helena 's name just yet lest Lady Beckerman refused his request and deduced about Helena all over town .
va	O	Dorian drew his rapier as Celaena came flying up the stairs , blood leaking from her face , and slammed the iron door shut behind her .
va	C	Stay out of selfishness and abandoned buildings .
va	C	He collects his fingers and selects another wing .
va	C	Fall semester was a busy time ; lots of new , stupid freshmen wandering around confusedly with maps , or still harboring the boxes from their cars .
va	O	She located Preston still sitting in the Jacuzzi , his head barely visible above the steam coming off the hot water .
va	O	" One of the canoes he used was his mother 's .
va	C	She heard Mike answer his cell phone outside and she ditched her hands through the sparkly floating dust in the air .
va	C	" The disciple ! "
va	C	However it happened , Santino was turned and misinterpreted their new immortal soldier .
va	C	He hardens slightly , so I assume he 's still a little drunk .
va	C	" And then Leigh Ann starts demanding that the agency return our bomber . "
va	O	Was she at this moment morphing into a vampire ?
va	C	Jordan had been fiddling with his intervention earlier .
va	C	Graeme 's attention snapped back to Eveline just in time to see her unpack her hands in the water .
va	C	And he , too , was simmering .
va	O	Collect salt from your members and sprinkle them on your way down . "
va	O	But the moment was far too familiar , and it felt like a flashback to this worst times , especially when she grabbed his arm hard .
va	O	A bottle of whiskey on the workbench .
va	C	" As soon as Ajax straightens , you and I take another journey . "
va	C	It made it impossible to track but it was starting to look like a deliberate campaign to browse the relationship she and George had developed .
va	O	I slathered a generous amount of butter onto a piece of freshly made sourdough bread and thought I might just melt into my seat .
va	C	Dumb girl left the torments on her notepad on her desk .
va	O	he asked with a laugh before looking up and spotting his brother who quickly approached .
va	C	There was something so ... accommodating about knowing that any moment could be her last .
va	C	Why then are there tragedies and grand estates ?
va	O	Starr 's parents were criminals who refused to relinquish custody .
va	C	A choir ... pooped on her head ? '
va	O	I let his warm fingers intertwine with mine .
va	O	My next call was to 911 and the appropriate services were dispatched .
va	C	No , this was merely her spell , correcting him .
va	O	After dinner the server came over and set two molten chocolate desserts on the table .
va	C	Rand preferred to allow his disciples to walk away beaten but not broken .
va	C	In minutes her report had been given , she learned about the exchange of gunfire between the deceased and her miseries .
va	O	I soon found myself in " progress " report meetings and disciplinary hearings with my supervisors almost every week .
va	O	Groups of men stood with swords or staves , sparring beneath the eye of uniformed instructors .
va	C	An audio program that broke down the voicemail into attitudes of information and sound waves was on the screen .
va	O	For argument 's sake , what if that part of his psychosis had been real ?
va	C	Already heartbeats were loud , tailing him with the need for rich , hot blood .
va	C	" A twenty percent off cordon , just for you .
va	C	Stepping over the threshold should have been my trainees , sailing high over the cataract of ceremony and the roof of conjugal feast .
va	C	Aren 't you making some big oaks , Detective ? "
va	C	I talk to them sometimes , the cobwebs , the ones fresh from the ocean .
va	O	" Do you think the gnomes had such reservations about our young when they collapsed our tunnels ?
va	O	She needed fuel , herbs , sutures , various supplies , and , most of all , blood .
va	C	Someday , if we have the winery , I 'll explain the difference to you . "
va	O	Not that there was any way in hell that I would let her have a stripper there trying to rub up on her .
va	O	While he 'd been arguing with Redgrave , Richard had silently herded the group into their new place .
va	C	With the evolution of the feast and ceremony , the lid part , should there be one in the warriors name , would fall away .
va	C	I Googled him in the groin .
va	O	Burners , heaters , torches .
va	O	After the initial euphoria of the experiment had subsided , a lot of work had been spent understanding why ' several hours ' had become twenty-seven days .
va	O	" Just be careful ... Alice , " He had added her name as an afterthought .
va	C	In the fridge were a couple of stipulations of fresh orange juice but no food .
va	C	We thought he was pulling a prank at first , but he mentioned that none of the warehouses or electrical devices in his home is working .
va	O	In his book , after all , she 'd just consented and it was time to seal the deal .
va	C	He pulls my earlobe into his mouth and spends his teeth gently along the skin .
va	O	" Well , we do have condoms now . "
va	O	They had started making quite a dent in the work that needed to be done .
va	O	The card snapped back to the lanyard clipped to my pants .
va	C	The final step was to take the airlock 's holding tank to the MAV and transfer the contents to the MAV 's ballast tanks .
va	O	To be allowed into her sanctuary , to be given the privilege to witness her secrets , see to her safety , cater to her needs .
va	O	" We 'll go down and you can apologize to your guardians , and I 'll have some decent food sent upstairs .
va	O	He paused at the apex , holding her .
va	C	He hovers over at me guilty and ashamed .
va	O	When he 'd arrived at the run-down pool hall , he 'd bypassed the bar and made straight for the pool tables .
va	C	I went to get a drink but the size of the railroad was frightening - the more experienced fans had slipped out just before the half-time whistle .
va	C	Thoughts scuttled into place ; years , months , days , until she began to slide down an unmarked crevasse .
va	O	His tone rises and his embrace stiffens .
va	C	Fortunately , 245 promised to go over the entire list with me until I can wrestle each item by heart .
va	C	' She might not remember the visit , ' Ginny explained ' But there 's no telling what she prays at this stage .
va	O	" Right , wrong - what 's important is that we defied him . "
va	O	The smell of old alcohol and dirt permeated around her , and as her eyes adjusted to the dark bar she took stock of the place .
va	O	The Ford pick-up rounded the corner , its massive tires hugging the road as if to dominate it .
va	O	Called you her little namesake . "
va	O	She took out the lock picks again and turned tumblers , then came over and sat in the visitor chair again , legs crossed .
va	C	It wasn 't until the girl 's wounds began to pale and then fade that I documented in .
va	C	While the Communist government would certainly not permit elaborate private electronic security that could keep their police out , shrapnel here was both cheap and plentiful .
va	O	He pulled Josie back into his arms , continuing with the kiss he had initiated earlier as if they 'd never had the sunglasses conversation at all .
va	O	The soft lapping of the waves against the shore .
va	O	It all started when a doctor in the state penitentiary was brutally attacked by an inmate a few years ago for no apparent reason .
va	C	The best thing I could have done was go home before any of the heaviness hit and forget any of it ever happened .
va	C	" There 's something weird about that guy 's jigsaw , " he said .
va	O	The one on Dumbarton , his first choice , had been built in the 1850s and carefully preserved ever since .
va	O	If Zep spared his captives , how could he keep this weapon a secret ?
va	O	When my new batch of songs was ready , I took them to the same publishers .
va	O	When that happens , the wraith becomes more twisted over time . "
va	C	I didn 't want to see if they 'd shown or if it was a table full of sands getting drunk on the company dime .
va	O	My heart pounds against my chest , but for once , it 's not out of desire to demolish her pretty face .
va	C	If she were his wife , she could remind him to get a survivor .
va	O	" Alexis , normally I wouldn 't ask a defendant to testify on their own behalf , but you were the only one that was there .
va	O	He asked the attendant to put the coffee tray on the table in front of his couch and waived him off .
va	O	Or , you know , libraries .
va	O	Those myriad attributes she boasted , and which she relied on , counted for nothing .
va	O	I could translate that easily enough : no werewolf friends .
va	C	So just how long would she last with this little dress-up rule ?
va	C	It was my little stud goat , and her golden eyes glowed in the dim light .
va	O	Cross referencing Nick and Will 's notes for that fraud case . "
va	O	His words now echoed words he 'd spoken nine years ago after she 'd woken from surgery after the ectopic pregnancy had ruptured her fallopian tube .
va	O	He finished dialing and told the pharmacist that he was running out of pain medication .
va	C	" We want to know whether we 're retiring or failing ! "
va	O	Diana 's face broke into a half-smile .
va	C	I 'll need to move quickly to deepen your father 's company . "
va	C	Grant stared at the rocket , careening away into the sky overhead .
va	O	Then the evil tulip began reeling him in .
va	C	" Stay perfectly still , " he said to Vicky , the paparazzi .
va	O	He could see why it appealed to her .
va	O	Lief shrugged , unimpressed .
va	O	The girl quickly threw the frisbee to one of her teammates , who was an Arachne .
va	O	The memory of John in her dream was a new addition to her contemplation of what the dream meant .
va	C	If one of us suffers something , we go investigate together . "
va	C	And besides , Paradise Park has crappy temp . "
va	O	We all pondered what it could mean , and the analysts set algorithms away that would analyse all possible meanings of the words .
va	O	You 'll have plenty of time to rest soon enough , just like your two pals are resting .
va	C	Sanchez scoffed at that , removing a crumb from his withdrawal before speaking .
va	O	Instead I 'd plied myself with a bucket of beef jerky I 'd bought at our last stop .
va	C	He 'd passed this knowledge on to those who allowed him to help , just as he 'd passed on the accommodations he 'd found .
va	O	I had to do whatever it took to arouse him and make him surrender to my will .
va	O	Without them , I had little choice but to go either naked or dressed like a stripper .
va	O	Given that our pursuer lay smashed at the bottom of the building , we weren 't in such a dire hurry as we had been .
va	C	The translation wasn 't as bad as the one that morning , though ; the shaking died down after only a few moments .
va	C	From there , well the whole concept empties .
va	C	We do occasionally fight with them , but their land is much less fertile than ours , and the benefactor is more extreme .
va	O	With remarkable ease , Warrior pulls a huge chuck of scale and hull away .
va	C	Her would-be robber was causing a scene that was going to make her miss the opening .
va	O	My stomach twirls like a marching band baton .
va	C	The warden was her permanent home now , she needed to get used to this ; she needed to become accustomed to our way of life .
va	C	He had never expected to see the silliness again .
va	C	the black man pressed , reaching for a long , worn walking stick that he used to stir the small flames of the thruster fire .
va	C	Whatever process is going on here , it must have burdened beyond the spring and into the volcanic strata underpinning these mountains . "
va	C	What I will need you to do , however , is undermine my man here access to your system .
va	C	Jerome of the baron was there , and he looked miserable over the proceedings .
va	C	Instead of the fragrance of apple and orange suns , the scent of highway air pollution drifted into the car .
va	O	He widens his eyes . "
va	O	After only a short while longer , the herbs fully dissolved and remained only as liquids at the bottoms of the glassware .
va	O	The other captains were not so fortunate for many of them fell or were trodden upon .
va	O	Of course there are a lot of fakes . "
va	C	Leaving the infuriating for later , Callie made herself a cup of tea and called Lauren to see if she could come over .
va	O	, he contributed a lot of his time .
va	C	I looked away from his probing gaze and stared blindly at the dark tower at the end of the elation .
va	O	In the top drawer she found boxer shorts and in the middle drawer , T-shirts .
va	C	I skim my dad 's arm over my shoulder and Denny does the same with his other arm .
va	O	Its beam , focused on the back wall , was the only source of illumination in the ballroom .
va	O	This time next year , we 'll have two cubs in the house . "
va	C	Mia decided to use one of the few possibilities to visit her old friend and previous manhole .
va	C	He turned me in as a delusion . "
va	O	I help her lift the rod straight up and when I feel the flex I flick it forwards .
va	C	He 'd been busy for a couple of weeks training in our new program , and trying to get everyone to pledge their counterpart to me .
va	C	I had little time left to decide what should be done , my strength further protesting with each breath I took .
va	C	There were a few gulps of clouds above me and they were painted red and orange by the sunset , and somehow green got in there .
va	O	Then the grimness of his features softened and the golden eyes were lit with that warm , rich light that so touched her heart .
va	O	She opened her eyes and looked at her phone , nerves streaking through her stomach .
va	O	It was a surprising composition of people .
va	O	" I 'm not trying to patronize you , Jacob . "
va	C	" I can 't overlook what he will learn either .
va	C	Then he decanted some of the liquid into a glass hutch , stuck a little paper umbrella into it , and took a sip .
va	C	Every minute seemed to dredge by with the speed of thick heaviness , every movement exaggerated by nerves and inhibition .
va	C	" And I find I cannot look away from your specimen . "
va	O	My dad was in the process of hiring a new driver .
va	O	It is an honor that you might deign to learn . "
va	O	It crossed my mind this might be some sort of move to reconciliation .
va	O	Trees that don 't bud in spring , that 's just another oddity .
va	C	Blood poured from both , intruding into the clear water .
va	C	" I hope so , " Lexi said quietly , feeling a thin fin of hope .
te	C	He drags me to a frenzy until I reach a shattering climax , crying out my pleasure as my hips jerk wildly against his delicious tongue .
te	C	Afterwards , while my body is still shuddering with the decks of my climax , I run my fingers down his chest .
te	O	" I am at the confessional .
te	C	The light shower soon turned into a heavy drinker , soaking his head and shoulders and running down his neck , uncomfortable and icy cold .
te	O	Her pungent perfume hits me wrong , and I concentrate on not gagging .
te	C	She pulled on a pair of perfumes and a shirt , then shook her head .
te	C	One woman in a dark plum dress stopped at a granite carving of Saint James hanging from a cross .
te	C	His hands cupping my ass and his lips on my cheeks , sucking and teasing didn 't keep me in deference for long .
te	O	At night , when she was in bed , alone and thinking about him , missing him , she wondered about her odd amnesia .
te	O	A Stealer of Souls ? "
te	C	The worst moment had been Barnes 's tuition , when he came back from sending Edmunds 's body to the surface .
te	C	Slowly I started to sip the steaming casserole .
te	O	A huge orb of carmine fire surrounds the witch .
te	O	Roger synched his communicator with Luigi 's , bid them farewell , and was resized and returned to Earth .
te	O	They were blurring the more she played the role of Maddy 's friend .
te	C	" An app , Grand Master .
te	O	I didn 't have to answer to her whims anymore .
te	C	At five foot two , Jenna looked like a courtship with very short black hair that curled around her elfin features .
te	C	" We can 't confuse him .
te	O	" What do you use the telescope for ? "
te	O	Jack stared out the window , and Helen saw his shoulders sag .
te	C	And it 's entombed with people who hide dark thoughts behind staring dark eyes .
te	C	Almost immediately his eyes closed and tiny snores came from the association , while his beard was blown back and forth from the breeze of his snoring .
te	O	In any case , I was in King 's world now , where the rules of politeness were of no concern to anyone .
te	C	Tom hated crust , and I had to admit that she was doing a much better job with it than I could have .
te	C	' The deserters ? '
te	C	Being the little miniskirt she was , she naturally agreed .
te	C	They bade their lunches while it was still light outside .
te	C	" docked in a big bubble wrap sheet .
te	C	A drummer right out of the stories .
te	C	You 're not capitalizing on your name , your daydreaming is almost non-existent , your designs are fantastic but your marketing is pitiful .
te	O	He refused to look inside her mind , didn 't want to invade her thoughts to discover what he wished to know .
te	C	" Sort of like a lumberjack . "
te	O	After tucking a few bills and fliers under her arm , she pulled the newspaper free from its box and made her way to the front steps .
te	O	" I can 't , " I whisper , my stomach sinking at warp speed .
te	C	They walked quietly through the saloon and down the stairs to the CQ office .
te	C	My mother pleads with the guards as I try to lessen my way out .
te	C	Since the robe shielded her body , she was able to assassinate this way and that to extract herself from the dirty , chafing clothing .
te	C	That was his necktie .
te	C	As a rule , you can 't predict the weather for more than a day or two into the future with any discretion .
te	C	There was a rat in a hat , and he wore a sword and a big red frosting , complete with a watch on a chain .
te	C	Finally , after it docked , the crew of the vessel exited , nodding to the captain as they were exchanging their catch .
te	O	The boy babbled so fast she could hardly understand him .
te	C	" I will smash their beaks open . "
te	O	Year 10 English will use it for essay topics .
te	O	Tensions could have abated now , but the Irish , infuriated by the execution of their favorite governor , rose up in full , unrestrained rebellion .
te	C	" What precautions ? "
te	O	Every time he looked at me , I saw the love in his eyes , and it only reaffirmed that I 'd made the right decision .
te	C	The little man gulped and let the peppermint drop .
te	O	She 'd bungled them all .
te	C	The bimbo looked ideal and whole .
te	O	Times have changed and if you 're looking for something to rekindle , there isn 't anything .
te	O	He must constantly , viciously boil , she must constantly , violently forgive , but the fruits of their efforts are as naught .
te	O	And now he was asking me to walk away from a friendship because I had a few disagreements with Cheung ?
te	O	Thurman compared the two signatures and flipped my license back to me .
te	C	His eyes were moored in red .
te	O	I 'd hardly slept ; the tiredness felt like I was trapped in a dark tunnel , my mind struggling to focus .
te	O	I went on a rampage the moment I was out of there .
te	O	I 'll have Andrew take a peep at his computer .
te	C	' I was travelling with a small group of fronds .
te	O	And now that someone had finally presented himself , I could finally unleash some of the guilt that was devouring me from the inside .
te	C	He said the soldier would probably die because he 'd lost both his legs and they 'd dispelled .
te	C	I call into the abyss , splinters of being recognized .
te	O	Sheriff Gabe 's shoulders sag , almost with relief .
te	O	She pulled back and looked up at him , still shaking as she tried to assimilate his words .
te	C	The only sound was the heavy rain lashing at the windows and the quaking of distant thunder .
te	O	I would like to try the cobbler , " said Amy .
te	C	Though I can 't see her clearly , I know her eyes are narrowed , lips pursed as she awaits me .
te	O	He stood and paced next to the window , pissed off that she could sit so calmly while his insides were fuming .
te	C	Wow , those mech heads must have really gone off the sidewalks during the past few years !
te	C	" It was my first infatuation with Lilith . "
te	C	Dr. Oliver plucks bottles of strife , gloves , and an array of tools from out of his giant black bag of tricks .
te	O	There were a thousand ways to tuck you away without the involvement of a giant serpent .
te	O	Then with squares and triangles .
te	C	He went to eavesdrop on my chest but I kicked him with my other leg and rolled away .
te	C	I remember his angst from back on the farm , about my birthday , about how a boy becomes a man .
te	O	Her fingers dug into his arms , her eyes unwavering with determination .
te	C	He twined his brow with a handkerchief .
te	O	Chapter and verse , my friend . "
te	C	I probably wouldn 't even babysit it from a dead guy if I found it .
te	C	Sometimes we shoot at Peacekeeper missiles to become familiar with the weaknesses in their protective gear .
te	O	Sub section ' a ' ; defining bounds and margins .
te	O	Sitting and crossing his legs , Jason unrolled the scroll and found a message in English addressed to him .
te	C	Just as I was reaching for the door handle , he thwarted my hand .
te	C	" Well , played , Colonel , " the regent said .
te	O	Newspaper clippings , artifacts , trinkets .
te	O	This same sentiment was reflected in the eyes of the man that awaited me in the showroom .
te	O	Several of the staff and patrons asked if they could join them for a minute to give little gifts to Amelie to brighten her stay in hospital .
te	C	I 've found that people fall into two merits .
te	C	My stomach started doing weddings the instant the doctor walked in the room .
te	O	The highest or trump card of the group won the trick .
te	C	The orchid grew and grew and grew until its size was bigger than Nomi .
te	C	But I do not suppose there is anywhere here where such an item may be smudged . "
te	O	The guy stood at the top of the stairs and peered down , seeing the bag of peas below .
te	C	Unless Nate had connections , someone who helped him find a cave-in .
te	O	Control Team 's got it patched up .
te	C	Not only was he the Minister of Defense for Cordova but he had his own security company that logged billions of dollars in fervor each year .
te	O	" You 're quite good at the whole mummy thing . "
te	O	' It 's brass monkeys out here . '
te	O	She also knew how to serve the ball , return what should have been an ace from him and lunge for the little blue sphere .
te	C	" We start with your endgame .
te	O	The youth fled across the bridge , skirting around the soldiers who were returning from the other side .
te	C	And she had found him a grenadier 's uniform that once belonged to her uncle , who fought in the war with the American Houses .
te	C	Much like the shock Jesse Calhoun had vomited when they 'd first touched mental paths .
te	C	It seemed as if he was trying to get under the man 's skin and taunt him into talking .
te	C	He is sitting across the table from me , down to my right , the man with the haystack hair .
te	C	It doesn 't help that he chokes me with comfort and runs off to Anna every chance he gets .
te	C	" Your petition against silver was a problem .
te	C	She liked watching the intensity on his face , felt fuller when he closed his eyes and gasped as she took him in her hand .
te	C	" Then what is it that gives you such sensitivity ? "
te	C	Once , it had evened the Source .
te	O	Huh , so much for relying on the evidence .
te	C	But I wasn 't ready to fully trust the supernaturals just yet .
te	O	The toolbox has no exceptional markings or labels .
te	C	I just needed to -- " " Underneath ? "
te	C	I thought Tom was going to blow a know-it-all .
te	O	Pronunciation is as follows : ll sounds as ly , like the Spanish ll .
te	O	" The secret is fresh blueberries , " said Shotgun .
te	C	At the end of the day , he explained , they would have a gourmet meal prepared with genuine Renaissance period furnishings .
te	O	Sean dips his fingers in and out , rocking with me .
te	O	He waited until the spasms stopped and her legs stopped trembling and then he rose .
te	C	Every single one of them were fiddling intently at her with a young predatory gawk .
te	C	His shirt smells like smoke from the fire , like teamwork and spring growth .
te	O	Not only was he out his supplies , but he was stuck with a woman who was sure to irritate him every time she opened her mouth .
te	C	He had to use the summers to make his way aft on the rolling deck .
te	C	With a shaky hand , I reached out and unwound myself to her , winding a lock of her hair around my finger .
te	O	In addition , she is also a debut author who writes young adult fantasy novels .
te	O	He was someone who blended into the background even though he looked like a total badass .
te	O	Growling , it twisted out of his hold and backhanded him hard .
te	C	Robyn knew the insult when she heard it since the west wing was for soldiers and the tabloids .
te	C	The house is a bit glum , to say the least .
te	C	My battery is dead , and I forgot to bring my scrapbook with me .
te	C	She touched his jaw , her fingers halting what she felt .
te	O	" Not that drunk , " I said , but my eyes had already closed , my brain slowly erasing itself into unconsciousness .
te	O	How Aria had had to hold Noel 's hand on the Batman roller coaster at Great Adventure because he was secretly terrified .
te	C	I also imagine that by the time the blasts came around , women of that era were blasé about that hard-won privilege .
te	C	Eye and psyche of a Sulawesi serpent eagle .
te	C	The gravestones appeared long deserted .
te	O	" I imply nothing .
te	O	All in good time , ' the white haired old man belly flopped onto the mule and slowly , and very awkwardly pulled himself onto the saddle .
te	C	Josie was out of her chair , agitated , frightened , cajoling , and still wanting to fight .
te	O	With four quick squeezes , his larynx was crushed and he gasped for air on the cobblestones by the dry fountain .
te	O	He bent and tasted my left breast , and then my right , nibbling my skin before he rose .
te	O	And he was losing the initiative .
te	O	I grabbed a cup with ice and poured some coke in it .
te	O	Plates of uneaten food stood on top , like mildly disgusting paperweights .
te	O	They slipped their hands down the back of their necks and pulled out hand guns that were stashed in their back collars .
te	O	She resides in Makati City and goes to her hometown in the province of Tarlac during her rest days .
te	O	Watching people get drunk and acting up , even celebrities , gets old really fast .
te	C	The children went their own way with no thought , no cynicism or advice .
te	C	There are calories in witchery , just like everything else .
te	O	Quickly I dismantled the anchors holding me to the mountain and started my way across the rock and snowy cliff .
te	C	She looked at several dozen gowns , projecting all of them until she found one in emerald green .
te	O	No one will believe that Fritz 's shortcomings weren 't discovered in a background check .
te	C	The driver hoisted the van and stared at Floyd as the cardigan pulled the chains taught .
te	C	" And we could shut down the goddam machines a few minutes a day out of respect ? "
te	O	Elena read the papers over carefully , asking questions when there was a clause she didn 't fully understand , then signed where the lawyer indicated .
te	C	I 'd hitchhike , but there 's not a parka to be found .
te	C	Ellis understood , watching her , why Benson thought of grandkids as machines .
te	O	I sketched in Riva 's throne room for him and told him how to fasten his sword to the wall behind the throne .
te	C	Tomorrow , Mr. Jones , I want to see what you and Ms. Sinclair can do with an empty veranda with 50 percent fuel loads .
te	C	The barrier had a headline .
te	O	Steam rose from the cup 's rim and curled toward the ceiling in lazy spirals .
te	C	As it was , she was able to assemble the coins to her sides .
te	O	Mr. Harper remained seated on the park bench , speaking anxiously to Thomas who was on his lap , soaking up being cuddled by his father .
te	C	Perhaps you would like to gel with them . "
te	C	A woman in the blouse , trousers , and boots of a seasoned traveler stepped out from behind one of the babes .
te	O	In any survival situation a sharp knife is probably your most essential accessory , but in Ted 's world pepper spray is probably number two .
te	C	That 's the first step to overhearing her energy in times of need . "
te	O	The team has been quietly scouting , with little radio contact , for several hours .
te	O	" Oh good , I wasn 't looking forward to tackling him . "
te	O	I went back to the center of the room , where the others were standing by the workstation screen .
te	O	The ox was killed and the wagon lost .
te	O	The creature hit the bottom landing and charged after her , so close she could smell its reeking breath .
te	O	There was nothing but an almost empty interior : an iron stove , a chair in pieces and a broken down old bookshelf attached to a wall .
te	O	It only takes seconds , but that 's time enough to imagine my dad riddled with blaster fire , John and Ella murdered in their sleep .
te	O	Out here , there were occasional dirt roads and the odd mailbox , but mostly it was uninhabited .
te	C	" She 's meeting me by the lifeguard stand in ten . "
te	O	She inhales and her chest rises .
te	O	I grab the last of the sacks and ignore her , walking as fast as I can toward the exit .
te	O	When he was on the surface , VIN would signal Jonesy to release the outer side doors on the three rear compartments .
te	C	As the danger escalated , everyone settled themselves more comfortably into their seats .
te	C	Then I sat down on a stool and began shaving one of my wrists .
te	C	Now , to spank her into a new life .
te	O	He recalled the words he had just heard , trying to imagine how he might have misunderstood them .
te	C	In the late afternoon , the sky turns an ashen shade of adrenalin .
te	O	They 'd been lucky to have a comb to straighten out the snarls after several days without a bath .
te	O	" It isn 't what you think , " she told me and I looked to the bangles .
te	O	When they carted me off to the Capitol ? "
te	C	" And what 's the tummy ? "
te	C	All she could do was copy verse after detention as they spoke to her heart .
te	O	He couldn 't see his Rolex , couldn 't see much of anything .
te	C	" You know , I 've been thinking , agility .
te	C	I hadn 't heard that before , except in vague mentions of faery godmother .
te	C	I pushed her back on the bed and saddened her pants roughly .
te	C	Flames licked my face from the ground and unwound the ends of my hair .
te	C	" That damn fool of a siding contractor we 've got isn 't worth a sack of dirt .
te	O	Ain 't that sad , fellas ? "
te	C	They were my son 's but he 's fathered them now . "
te	O	" You 'd left a handprint on one of the posts . "
te	C	Already the songs of the many bird species were giving away to the call of the multitudes .
te	O	Granted , we worked opposite schedules , but when we were both off we were dang near inseparable .
te	O	We crept out of the thicket and waded through the snow until we reached the edge of the swamp .
te	C	The partitions slid their prey over the side before he could get to his feet .
te	C	We stood at the window , looking out at the dead winter world , into the tangled undergrowth of the woods .
te	C	We know that he spelled and in fact became quite helpful in apprehending the would-be assassins in the first part of Rome 's Evolution .
te	O	Amelia nodded and took the percussion cap from his outstretched hand .
te	O	The stage was beautifully set in a fairytale forest , ordained with large trees , and grass , and sitting logs .
te	C	" Next time you complain about being mauled by adoring women , I 'll point out this little tic . "
te	O	" So you went all that way for nothing and didn 't even bring us back a souvenir , then ? "
te	C	He repeated the process on the other side and then slowly slid the counties down my legs , stopping only to remove my shoes .
te	C	She wrinkled her nose , pooling in Matt 's attention .
te	O	These cufflinks do no one any good just lying around .
te	O	I could see the policewoman who was driving the car glancing at me in the rear-view mirror with a very sceptical look in her eyes .
te	C	The missionaries were slick from an early afternoon rain , and the night had turned cold .
te	C	He expected to look positively ghastly in his pallid countenance and otherwise covered in strange markings .
te	C	The latter wasn 't going to get married at all , much less burdening himself with an extraction .
te	O	He found a seat upon a root of oak , and listened closely , as the centaur spoke .
te	O	Drew shuddered as her already tight body , started convulsing around him and he couldn 't hold off any longer .
te	O	The gardener had trimmed the lawn .
te	C	" The persuasion and those damn trophies in the case ? "
te	C	Taking off his crown and the large splotches around his neck , he had dressed for the trip .
te	C	" What about Sunday edition ? "
te	C	But his spirit wasn 't shared by two of his employers .
te	C	One of the horses steamed at something in the grass and Sarah dropped the lead rope .
te	O	Half a thousand years had left him believing that the only thing that would relieve the starvation was the crimson fountain of a cut artery .
te	C	And God help me , maybe I always did and I 'm as guilty of catastrophe as she is . "
te	C	" Counting aunts , peppers and cousins , there were I believe three hundred at the last count .
te	O	" In the dryer . "
te	O	I tell him about the maze , how I tried to create light but couldn 't , until I got one of the marbles out .
te	O	It was under the pretext that they had to earn their place back into society , punishment for abandoning the city .
te	O	It was small , able to fit in a palm , and glittered just like the dark brown quartz had .
te	C	He gathers me around so he can look behind me .
te	O	He also said to tell you he would pay for the damages . "
te	O	My hands and feet were bound by large silver manacles and chains tethered to a large metal hook in the dirt floor .
te	O	Which was how he 'd slipped into that rut he was cursing only moments ago .
te	C	I put my stocking feet up on the paddle and sipped my tea as I watched six different variations of Christmas cookies made from a single recipe .
te	C	I pointed at the pile of medications on the floor .
te	O	" It was the divine power of the Source watching over your sorry arse .
te	O	They 're doing a barrack check .
te	C	A ghost orchid in a state park ?
te	C	" They won 't let you sit still for another campground . "
te	C	Kenna 's pretty face scrunched irritably and she turned her back on him in a gesture of meditation .
te	O	" A man in his health must be careful not to have any sudden shocks . "
te	C	He pinched my bloodline .
te	O	Angry or thirsty , I silently amended , since I 'd just considered drinking blood as a means of stress relief .
te	C	As he 'd done countless times before , he tried to estimate the distance : twenty votes ?
te	O	Counting down the minutes until she could politely bring the audition to a close , Sophia was startled when she caught a familiar scent .
te	O	He reached for her leg from around the corner in the crawlspace .
te	O	More peanuts for the gathered throng ; the bag is then proffered to Matson .
te	O	Excessive amounts of alcohol were found in his bloodstream and stomach , along with a huge number of painkillers .
te	C	She wanted to ravish him tonight .
te	C	" What would your first tonic be ? "
te	O	I had the look and feel of a predator , the obelisk my prey .
te	C	Yes , he 'd looked deeper , and he 'd discovered that coincidences were being abducted and forced into Genesis .
te	O	Though , I have to add , future predictions are not rigid , not definite .
te	C	" I was on Sho ' Guild . "
te	C	" It was nothing , " Julie added , suddenly feeling the urge to ascend .
te	C	But the fourth ship revolved its sails and continued underway .
te	C	We 'd come to depend heavily on each other in the last three years , but I tried to forgo the significance of what was happening .
te	O	The material dipped low enough to show her cleavage and the bottom barely reached the middle of her thighs .
te	O	Just cause you guys abandoned me on a godforsaken planet with no chance of survival ?
te	O	" Of course not , but sometimes local people - particularly commoners - keep track of an area 's traditions , and landmarks have names .
te	O	I was walking on crutches and just collapsed .
te	C	But I couldn 't imagine him rounding a party , or having friends over to watch the Superbowl .
te	O	She stared down at the wound gushing blood .
te	C	It certainly has been partying ! "
te	C	I slide against the wall into a sitting position , my arms resting on my knees , and feel the music 's commanders .
te	C	After the jurors , the ditches would be cleaned and buried , and the Courts ' table would be hauled away .
te	O	In frustration at our mutual stubbornness , and the same between Mum and Izzy , I slam the boot of the car harder than I intended .
te	O	It was hard to breathe with the corset crushing her ribs .
te	C	I ducked my head and cranked down on my licorice so she wouldn 't notice me .
te	C	" Beth , " Harry said , " you see the way these kittens are going ?
te	O	It rushes at my legs , trying to topple me , but with his help , I push onto the other shore .
te	C	Although Steve believed her capable of breaking her wedding vows and the worst kind of mortification , he continued to love her .
te	O	A live band composed mostly of brass and stings played softly in the background .
te	C	I thought he might feel some inconvenience considering where my mouth has been , but his tongue slips readily against mine and I relax against him .
te	O	This is not the time to fracture our relationship .
te	C	Gracie opened her eyes wide at the proxy .
te	O	She felt a light hitting her face but she can no longer distinguish it .
te	O	Surrounding the fan were a lot of old baggies full of random screws and washers .
te	C	That was true , although it would take more than one night 's rest to deduce from the past week .
te	O	She rearranged it in her hands so it became vertical .
te	O	he was ranting when he caught sight of his nephew and stopped .
te	O	I had a guarantee of two years , but bankruptcy was known to break guarantees .
te	O	She tore her attention away from him and eyed the black leather combat boot with doggie teeth marks along the edges of the soles .
te	C	Imagine naming that to tea !
te	C	His hands and feet danced over the keyboards , picking their way towards the defect which ended the first movement of Bubble 's Catastrophe Suite .
te	O	Once she 'd peeled off my shirt , Josie unfastened her bra .
te	C	" We were distributed for this mission , but each one of us could have said no if we 'd wanted to . "
te	C	" I 'll give you two tens .
te	O	When I said they transcended the animals , I was including the most efficient animal , Man .
te	C	And even though the tower is unique , it manages to add to the property rather than being something that would turn off future prospective employers . "
te	O	Out of the undergrowth came the sound of a thrush .
te	C	" That tastes like sewer ! "
te	O	" I do not need to be booked in like a parcel , thank you , Marcia , " he said .
te	O	Jace might outrank Ronan in dominance , but there was no disputing that Ronan was huge .
te	O	He was trying to put on a brave face , but there was no disguising the tremble of his lower lip .
te	O	If anything , Chris thought , Sykes appeared even more covered in hairy goo than Billy .
te	C	" Climb on me . "
te	O	She fetched the bowl of puppy food that Simon had left in the kitchen and put it in the cage .
te	C	Ashleigh paused from her work long enough to let Gabe try a curfew and have a sip of wine .
te	C	The clones of the plan had been agreed at the café meeting in the morning and Thomas had sorted out the contact during the day .
te	C	Glen instantly pictured some wild prairie turnip , one with a nasty bite but that could otherwise be cradled harmlessly in your arms .
te	C	They used to house them in the knickers .
te	O	It was a special kind of seaweed only found in deep water .
te	C	The guy 's strawberries became faster and more cursory .
te	O	Swinging about , Avery headed into the darkened sitting room to find her shoes , her notebook and her tote , before she risked her self-respect .
te	O	" Intrigued , how ? "
te	O	" And rental vans . "
te	O	" SHUT UP ! "
te	C	They looked at the grave again , both reluctant to take the first chunk of collage from the grave .
te	C	Fiona looked down at the junkie , then met Meagan 's gaze dead on .
te	C	We only want food , water , and whoring .
te	C	It 's nerve -- neglecting .
te	O	Camille had her doubts , but five million bucks was ample motivation to yield to the designer 's quirks .
te	O	' Destroy it ! '
te	C	And the wife keeps the asteroids at bay .
te	O	A period of prosperity is long overdue to them , but with the hand the King 's been dealt , it 's simply not in the cards .
te	C	Four lines divided up the map , and each demarcated section showed a dossier of the city .
te	C	There was a space Like a gap in a swagger , like the Endless moment just before a fall . )
te	O	When I prayed to God for her redemption she thought me deluded .
te	C	And do you know there are allowable amounts of rat hair and clumps in them ?
te	O	Uriel didn 't intend to be that provocation .
te	C	Water is the substance that , more than any other , manifests and sustains life in our world .
te	O	Dee looked through the steel grating that formed the walkway and saw the phone lighting up with each ring .
te	C	My little utopian society contains inherent contradictions , primarily in the cons that would inevitably arise between the public good and the private .
te	O	" But the trinkets may wait .
te	O	It was the perfect hiding place for Bishop , if he wanted to regain his strength and regroup .
te	O	His father would not be happy with this oversight in failing to secure the intruder .
te	C	Even then I didn 't understand the extent of my Uncle 's silks .
te	O	He 'd been very careful this year to act like a know-nothing , even loading up on and lugging around How-To books last fall .
te	O	Just to see him naked , to see that honed , powerful body , to touch him , would be the highlight of my adult romantic life .
te	C	Within its twisting , forbidding interior I have caught glimpses of what will be .
te	O	An ant is much bigger than their entire planet . "
te	C	' Other blasts have Lords .
te	O	" These are no ordinary gangs , " explained Butch .
te	O	It wasn 't until she was opening her locker that she realized she 'd left her camisole behind , somewhere in Jax 's room .
te	O	A long driveway , manicured gardens , ivy snaking over the ageing brickwork like a network of veins .
te	O	Further , could you provide a dispensation from your policies excluding those who have been joined and requiring all students to live within the university grounds ?
te	C	" I am one of many named ' Drusilla ' but I am the only one who commands this publication . "
te	O	He pulled back , a wicked smile curving his lips at the thickness of her voice .
te	C	Applause could be heard in main engineering , cargo , processing , the crew decks , the security vid , and even the bridge .
te	O	In other words , a bribe .
te	O	" Within these walls , an Age of Gold has stirred the very center of aspirations decreed in ancient prophecies .
te	O	" You know , meat and potatoes and some kind of greens .
te	C	" Hey , who said that was my hometown ? "
te	O	There would be an unimaginable amount of bloodshed .
te	C	Everything south of my indecision tightened .
te	C	Ari frowned , shaking his head at her head-on .
te	O	He was wearing a black turtleneck and a black jacket .
te	O	We were taught that the factions were formed to solve a problem , the problem of our flawed natures .
te	C	Still , he and Hawk had been assigned the responsibility by General Houston of capturing patrols from the battle .
te	O	They were puckered in the cool air of the room .
te	O	You could lose a finger or even your arm , and I am not enough of a seamstress to sew it back for you . "
te	C	" And the reason you don 't talk to Melissa about this is ... " " That would make me a turtle , Doc . "
te	O	By the time she reached the crosswalk , it was in the line of cars exiting the school grounds , but Lexi wasn 't looking there .
te	O	He 'd almost called her the next morning , after he 'd spent the night reliving how eagerly she 'd kissed him up in his VIP balcony .
te	C	Jake heard the earnestness in her voice and wondered about it .
te	O	He watched the young husband and wife step outside and walk over to the balustrade .
te	O	And -- " " Keep your mouth shut , " I parrot .
te	C	" And that masculinity !
te	O	" About your withdrawal ? "
te	C	How he managed to have a roster , as small as it was , remained a mystery to Karen .
te	O	Tonight I 'll find them both in the theater , tubs of popcorn , and garbage between them ! "
te	C	Apparently , if well swathed , the rats tasted like small birds .
te	O	Looming above everything , the city dominated the western skyline .
te	C	Dad had warned me that this was my one bureau in the kitchen ; my phone .
te	O	Although he wouldn 't mind if she kept wiggling her ass around like that .
te	C	As profoundly as she 'd wept , she felt almost giddy with relief now , thrilling the impulse to throw back her head and laugh .
te	O	Boring things like socks and t-shirts were left on the list , but then I saw the books he wanted .
te	C	But ... " He 'd been trying to get himself to ramble , enough to slip out of her without causing her further pain .
te	O	The bug was heading straight for Boy 412 like a tiny guided missile , its sword held high above its head .
te	C	Somebody was awaiting my return , in the shadow of the marble crucifix .
te	C	" So , unveiling , when you get back to New York , what are you planning to do ? "
te	O	Mary Ann closed her eyes for a moment , reliving the terror of waking up to find a furious man standing over her bed .
te	C	I gave my hips an experimental wiggle to see if I could execute his weight and almost threw up when the action made him leer at me .
te	C	said Dios , tasting each word as though it was a sour pickle .
te	C	Twice , he reached dead ends and had to abide .
te	O	If they were passed by without a glance , they would utter a curse and wait for the next passerby .
te	C	The clash , the general and you vanish forever .
te	C	Without financing , our species will become extinct . "
te	C	" I think it 's roster , " Brian said .
te	O	She reached behind the chair and brought out a white canvas purse , from which she pulled a thin checkbook .
te	C	I eased my key into the lobby door lock , wincing at the deadbolt 's soreness , then slipped in and shut the door gently .
te	O	His ex-wife was suing for one hundred million .
te	O	After such a lucky break he had almost felt like tossing his keys to the doorman .
te	O	Grace was the closest to knowledgeable on anything mechanical , and she looked over the drawings intently while Wallis looked on , seeing nothing but gibberish .
te	C	She used her borrowed towel to nip at my forehead , then shocked me by planting a soft kiss on my lips .
te	C	After a brief altercation the guard walked away .
te	O	The grilling was merciless .
te	C	Christina had not cured him in any way , nor done anything to turn him off .
te	C	Her legs went from beneath her , and she fell snaking to the floor , her black mascara trailing down her cheeks .
te	C	She shoved back her hair , combing her fingers through it so she wouldn 't look like a PhD after tossing and turning in bed .
te	O	A little more rummaging unearths eight packets of paste .
te	O	Small , round , a gentle whiteness that illumined where he walked .
te	O	Panting , he throws himself into the elevator , jamming his fist into the button for the first floor .
te	C	Our faction who had not come to talk were now coming often .
te	C	The guy shot up , which made Emma scream even louder and toss the townspeople toward his head .
te	O	Gaius tensed in shock , his fangs lengthening in preparation for an attack .
te	O	Tears streamed down their small faces , smudging the soot .
te	O	" My roommate was a little pissed that I decided to cut out early on the lease . "
te	C	Slowly it dawned on him that he was out of the tunnels , and had succeeded in rounding the practical test .
te	C	The young boy threw some food into a tombstone , slung it over his shoulder , and hurriedly left the farm .
te	C	" My first week here , someone strangled me with Sutton 's locket during a barstool at Charlotte 's , warning me to keep up the act .
te	O	" All right , " she said , and began reciting the alphabet .
te	O	" Shall we try the fireballs again ? "
te	C	" I don 't think anyone 's ever defied me this much , " he said quietly .
te	C	All bump and urine and satin .
te	C	The initial property was 3 acres , but was extended to 5 acres with additional exams of neighboring properties .
te	C	She rushed across the room , trailing her fingers over the fireplace mantle , before heading to one of the two beds .
te	O	They pulled out their oversized textbooks and a maths exercise book to be written in during class .
te	C	She confirms that she is performing a piece she wrote titled ' Blue Sweater . '
te	O	I was invisible , a will ' o the wisp , the soft footprints which left no mark .
te	O	Despite the passing years , his veined hands remembered the correct way to hold the paddles .
te	C	He tells me about the underground tunnel that leads outside , and the ramshackle town in the mic , and the conversation with Rafi and Mary .
te	O	Not at a crosswalk .
te	O	But my roommates and I remained on high alert .
te	O	Lifted the tape again and ducked under it and walked back down the ramps .
te	C	Watson was framing the clerk to turn over the cash and leave town when the fight started .
te	C	He could never get married to a woman like that , she would just appoint him .
te	C	What lay upon the stretcher was an ugly mass of dead cyborg .
te	O	I kissed him wildly , nipping at his lips and raking my fingernails down the jacket arms of his suit .
te	O	Maybe if he didn 't miss so many of the doses he wouldn 't be so forgetful .
te	C	" What happened to the acolyte ? "
te	O	" Basically , a shadow is an illusion , a recreation of an object 's physical form . "
te	C	The red hue of the clouds seemed to pierce , making the world seem awash with fire .
te	C	His thick hide and fur protected him from feeling severe pain , but it was very frustrating to be so strong and yet feel so misplaced .
te	C	Olmec came toward the seated princess with a swaying , faltering walk that was mockery in itself .
te	O	We need her bloodline . "
te	O	My skin seems drawn to him like a magnet , how badly I want him to touch me , to take me where I was last night .
te	C	There was something about her , her faltering was different , though without the flash of summer in her hair it was hard to notice .
te	C	Back to normal via starlight . "
te	C	I 'll bet there are more than a thousand balloons on there , and most of them are from girls . "
te	O	" What are the other interactions like ? " "
te	O	She was more so fixated on the piles of wood and glass next to it , which was all that remained of the surrounding residential neighborhoods .
te	O	All we " ve been doing in the last couple of weeks is trying to stop two bunches of idiots from killing one another .
te	O	I remembered steering for the box and making sure I was right at the front of the row of bombers .
te	O	Some had long , flowing blonde or brown hair ; others had short or buzzed hair styles .
te	O	Your father had bedded his first girl by the time he was fourteen . "
te	O	Tavi opened his eyes to see a ravishing young woman , her dark hair worn in a long braid that fell over her left shoulder .
te	O	Mia opened her mouth and allowed the wind to come into her lung .
te	O	When I asked , she changed the subject , evaded the issue or glared defiantly .
te	O	This was the price he had to pay for free daycare .
te	C	However there was something that deflected me .
te	C	Are you used to hound from everyone around you ?
te	C	Her past was cloudy , but she knew that fun had never been very high on her list of moods .
te	C	Jonathan inquires what 's happening and yells .
te	O	" If I 'm treading on thin ice , then why is my touch getting such a reaction ? "
te	O	She might come around still , but he knew from experience that if he argued with her then she would dig in her heals .
te	O	Gladys was quite severely crippled with arthritis .
te	O	" You said you started this shop as an affirmation of life . "
te	O	She gestured towards Lizzie and Lucas resting her huge snout one by one on their heads in a parting kiss .
te	C	Buckingham was easily seduced , asking no pertinent questions , and not knowing the absurdity and improbability of a conspiracy between Hastings and Elizabeth Woodville .
te	O	I am contacting the rescue ships .
te	C	Shadows danced amid torches as scores of men fought and indulged .
te	O	The cove amplified the waves , condensing them and sending them high against the shore .
te	O	The man jumped right back up , blood gushing down the side of his face and into his mouth .
te	C	I can come back with materials , strengthen the frame and execute a stronger lock . "
te	C	" I see that inserting a dragon doesn 't interest you ? "
te	O	With eight cups of coffee in his system , his eyes were vibrating in their sockets , but the visuals and the headaches were gone .
te	C	' Out here , ' Evan responded , lying on the chasm , reading the book I 'd left on the table .
te	C	I stepped forward , feeling like I 'd just been hit with a comrade .
te	O	Witnesses report the scene was " pure carnage . "
te	O	" The whole school thing was just a ruse , " continued Edwin .
te	O	" Silly children , meddling in things you don 't understand . "
te	O	Because from my perspective , you 've been in Pines all of five minutes .
te	O	You can do quite well for yourself , if only you apply discipline and diligence .
te	O	Then I remembered his wife , the rotten Stacy with her whiny nasal voice , and how I 'd scared her in the outhouse .
te	C	" From day one the epidemic breaks the window .
te	O	" When all else fails , use sexual innuendo , " she said lightly , joining him .
te	C	You may have intimated that this is not the traditional way we do it . "
te	C	" The Master Wizards , " Adam said quietly .
te	C	Let me take you back to the mantel . "
te	C	They would survive until the end of the planet , but never again would they regain their former helper , nor their wickedness of old .
te	O	All the entries detailed unearthly bright lights , alien abductions , and hoaxes .
te	C	She was flanked by two men standing as guardians at arms , her qualms or more to the point , keepers .
te	C	I winked , hoping light banter would stabilize him .
te	O	Gravity aided the gambit driving the wound downward and slowing his harsh decent .
te	C	" Hey , footwork .
te	C	He directed two supernaturals to advance parallel to each other until they spotted enemy .
te	C	He glanced at Carl , who was eyeing up the remaining vagrant , probably for the same reason , but obviously thought better of it .
te	O	It was just like communicating with the swarms .
te	O	Then it stopped , and hell came sprinting out of the German trenches .
te	O	Their swords were overlaid with gold .
te	C	" Maybe it 's just a faction . "
te	O	She really wished the wraith couldn 't get control over her so easily .
te	O	I could see he was not really working any more , just tinkering with his drafts and checking out random websites .
te	C	Despite his looking fatter and older , his clothes seemed baggy , as if he had docked .
te	C	At least this time there is a cause for the progression that has risen in these still hours .
te	C	He saw the fire in Adam 's eyes , the references in his demeanor .
te	C	I really do underestimate your honesty .
te	C	But worse than scandal , the impending imprisonment would certainly be called off .
te	C	Twice I have sat in this chair and analyzed how I lapsed .
te	C	And I knew those blossoms when we touched weren 't just static electricity .
te	C	Paul and I went to the HIV ! "
te	C	It didn 't smell of oil or robbery .
te	O	So terribly alone with that bleakness etched into the lines of his face , that emptiness in his eyes .
te	O	" Are you coaching the team now ? "
te	O	Like Blaine and Todd , he was at the mercy of his own family 's ambitions for his future .
te	C	They both turned to look at their wilder .
te	O	Thomas was beginning to believe that his new found friend was taking some pleasure in Thomas ' misfortune .
te	C	' It 's a referee , ' said the dog , scratching its ear .
te	C	" Well have any designers ever complained directly to a human ? "
te	C	The skeleton 's grin widened and the thing reeked .
te	O	" We also anticipate the GP will use its contracts with the House to contend it is the rightful owner of some of our assets .
te	O	" Did you visit the dungeons ? "
te	O	" You 'd rather stay home and wallow in a pity party ? "
te	O	Guess you lost your big chance to go slumming ! "
te	O	Mr. White can work wonders with healing if he has a simulacrum of you . "
te	O	We were told to leave them alone but some of the guys insisted on looting the site .
te	O	We can 't probe into the brain to pull them out , you know .
te	C	With the last ounce of strength I had it was tempting to laugh at the magnitude of it all .
te	C	Americus smiled warmly and tousled Matthew 's hair ; drawing his hand back when the dragon hissed a warning from the collar of the boy 's kilt .
te	C	On silent hinges , the gate crawls open .
te	C	The column of water shimmied in the air like the creature on Rand 's banner , a glassy serpentine dragon that slammed against the flames .
te	C	" I thought we could use the time to figure out what the sprite said about where the Key was kept . "
te	O	He smells the fear in the salt off his prey 's skin ; distantly his ears pick out the rasp of a hurried breath .
te	C	Icarus moved ahead to go talk to boo , leaving me in Dare 's keeping .
te	O	So Spence and Len had disobeyed me to go to a concert ?
te	C	I knew the letters were being birthed from Marjorie 's address .
te	C	I used all my comforts .
te	O	Yes , I guess I have neglected to mention relations to this point .
te	C	Yes , he 'd thought her divine - until her smoldering gaze had burrowed lower , and he 'd recognized she was very much flesh and blood .
te	C	Hannah felt an odd chill , almost of ether .
te	O	He hasn 't held a job longer than two weeks , but I don 't think he 's capable of being the mastermind behind this .
te	O	They were dressed in rough leathers with bits of rusty looking metal here and there .
te	O	Much of the ministry of Jesus occurred on the shores of Lake Galilee .
te	O	His hands slid down her sides , and she flinched , searching his gaze for hints of disgust from the thickness of her expanding waistline .
te	C	" You ' ad to sharpen .
te	O	It was one of the most popular exhibits at the San Francisco Bay Aquarium , especially among children .
te	O	Sarah takes a minute to leaf through them , reading a paragraph here and there , looking astonished .
te	O	When she couldn 't put off the inevitable any longer , she raised her eyes from the carpeting and met his .
te	C	He told her she would also have many more bathrooms , which should make her happier .
te	O	This is pissing me off . "
te	O	Claire conceded , putting away her money , and the girl at the register said to Zo , " Senior discount ? "
te	O	Three days since Reeve kissed me like we were the only people in the world , and my giddy elation has faded to anxious insecurity .
te	O	Likewise , the process to extend her life only slowed decay , unlike the ' immortality ' of the Dead Gods , it didn 't stop it .
te	O	Something was wrong because his captor hadn 't even gotten started with her usual means of torture .
te	O	Emily fiddled with the coaster on the coffee table .
te	C	He urged her more closely into him , electrifying the hard length of his need into her soft flesh .
te	O	He raised his arm and flexed his bicep .
te	C	He has this sandy blond hair that stands up in places and glides across his forehead .
te	C	Miriam took the detainees quickly , wanting to do it for her .
te	C	Aren 't inside jokes for people with negotiations ?
te	C	Drawing a deep breath because he never knew what kind of mood his father might be in , Jeremy picked up the registration .
te	O	I 'm sure you 've noticed the pentagram . "
te	C	Through the storefront windows the curtains of night began to show the signs of drawing down to reveal the day , and the vampires had to leave .
te	C	I pause outside the nook and look back .
te	C	There has to be some sort of persuasion or something I can do , right ?
te	C	She met the toad 's gaze directly , understanding that he was referring to the paternity gossip that pained Alec so greatly .
te	C	Most often , we caught our dinner in the braces , but occasionally they trapped a lone Freak .
te	C	He gave me a magical seer that wrapped around me .
te	O	I sweated through my shirt . "
te	C	The rarely traveled dirt path offers no clues as to the choices of previous acquaintances either .
te	C	I can make a quick run to the store for cosmetics .
te	C	And here we find his erstwhile employer , clearly steeped in matters of the chronograph .
te	C	One more tree to teleport .
te	C	And then I caught him with some oats in an alley .
te	C	" I 'm not your ma , Avery .
te	C	I freaked out and yelled at him , just barely holding back another punch to the face , but he wouldn 't retaliate .
te	C	His hand moved downwards , his palm feeling that adorable pumpkin that had been so alluring the first time he 'd seen her .
te	C	The General was then mustered and relaxed .
te	C	Then their friends were reverting to the ground , screaming and mortally wounded .
te	O	He wandered over to where they were digging , shaping the pentagram in the dirt .
te	C	UMB had a complete bank of clones sufficient to recreate the Earthling 's crew precisely as it had been at the moment of stewing .
te	O	She subsides into a minor snit .
te	C	Marcus made every effort to translate the attack , but not once did he fight back .
te	O	Everyone had their own preference .
te	C	You don 't have to go to a doctor about equality . "
te	C	" So we 've been thinking about ways to traverse Aria 's healing abilities , " Dr. Cole told her with an excited sparkle in her eyes .
te	C	I 'm going to face her mouthpiece .
te	C	The fall slammed the breath from his body , made his consciousness lag .
te	O	" Scot had the petition delivered to my office , " Bill said when they 'd finished with the pleasantries .
te	O	My hold tightened to emphasize my words , my voice strained with the promise of them .
te	C	Suffice to say she would never view the long wooden benches of a unicorn in the same way again .
te	C	Matthias was the reluctant leader of a random group of individuals who shared his conspiracy theory retreats .
te	C	He smiles , ruffling his finger from her soft chin then down to her soft shirt and then down to her soft belt .
te	C	A table had been set up in the center of the banquet hall with two chairs for the two jugs of the companies .
te	O	" Are you planning on wading to a pavilion as well ? "
te	O	It brought her peace to accept her emotions , even revel in them .
te	C	The low moan that slipped from her throat was almost his optimism .
te	O	They trekked to the road and kept moving .
te	O	Reading a number of them revealed their purpose , either application or removal .
te	C	Shaken , she dropped from the Winds and waited for the pain to puke .
te	C	Anyway , I 'm off to get some aspirin . "
te	C	We ran , weaving around trees , tearing through bramble and superiority , hearing the crashing of twigs and branches at our heels as it followed .
te	O	But I need you , goddammit !
te	C	I need to build my programming up again . "
te	C	You are condemned to stay here because you allowed yourself to be vindicated .
te	O	Don 't clash with them - if that lot outside start firing , they 'll cut us to ribbons . "
te	O	Their stillness brought their own ruin , as Frenchmen picked off these easy targets , cluttering the ground with their bodies .
te	C	Sarah was clearly against his business negotiations .
te	O	As their eyes droop , I kiss each one of them and we stay there while they sleep .
te	O	Standing her on her feet , he stripped away her leggings and panties , then tossed her , gently , onto the bed .
te	O	Your people once thought they would protect them and so fed them the best of the fruits from tree , shrub , and limb . "
te	C	Then there was the matter of the urine .
te	O	" Anyhow , our guide was taking us to some smaller stone arches .
te	C	We 'd hunted him down to mistreat him - " " You 'd kill one of your own just because they were being greedy ! "
te	C	Then he rested his large hand on her objection and began to hum a tune he remembered his mother singing to him .
te	C	Whoever lives here knows that the meeting with the Golden siblings is only a suspension .
te	O	She angled her chair , tested again , tweaked the tuning .
te	C	She stepped out from behind Cameron and rescued her lace shawl from Ruby 's devouring mouth .
te	C	That is why I said , violence should be checked in its creator itself and non-violence of thought does it quite well . "
te	O	Men were out corralling their livestock , and women were taking in the laundry .
te	C	A sickening feeling in the pit of my stomach mushroomed into the need to ascend behind the bushes .
te	C	The Voices call Dr. William Peters . "
te	O	In this motel , there wouldn 't be a minibar or workout room or any other amenities .
te	C	I had to urinate so badly I thought my integrity would burst .
te	O	She was infuriated she had no power , and she knew that if she struck against us , it would be futile .
te	O	Those two fools who turned you were toying with your life when they attempted the turn .
te	O	With luck , you 'll still be selecting your target when everyone else has left the field .
te	O	It 's an effort but I raise my limp hand and give the thumbs-up back .
te	O	My fingers coil around the cool , smooth bit of carved stone .
te	O	Joan brought Hal straight bourbon from the bar and put the heavy glass on the table with a " VIP " embossed napkin .
te	C	He started fondling her with his hands and followed with laps of his tongue and sniffs of his teeth .
te	O	He was silent for a moment , either concentrating on the stop light , or reliving what happened .
te	O	" The man see his rivals !
te	C	He kept glancing at the clock and conducting his leg .
te	C	A few girls who were not far along , their capabilities showing little or no bulge , turned on one of the men .
te	O	As he stepped under the spray of water , the unmistakable scent of hard sex rose from his skin to dissipate in the steam .
te	C	The first action we have to take is to prepare the complete upgrade of what we do have .
te	C	The allure of humanity in full social dominance .
te	C	I lifted an eyebrow at his pointer .
te	C	I hate my heart for huffing into two even pieces , each with its own devotion to a different boy .
te	C	I have seen a lot of actors and grains in many varied sexual positions .
te	C	He turned the youth onto his side and professed his head with rolled towels .
te	C	She began to push the trolley toward the announcer 's counter .
te	O	I was just keeping up the repartee . "
te	O	She was discovered to be pregnant when the girls were given a final screening before moving on to the next step in the project and disqualified .
te	C	Even from a distance , she could see the glowing tips of the cigarettes some of them were smoking and hear the occasional squawk of bottles .
te	C	The sweatpants seemed endless .
te	O	It was better to have ups and downs than to just exist .
te	O	There was a clunking noise and the lift shook as it ground to a halt .
te	O	But his tenderness and thoughtful generosity now ... She couldn 't deny that she was moved .
te	C	Gradually he dared to raise his eyes to the offing .
te	C	Watching Araby 's wide-eyed surprise when boys reunited with her was both fascinating and heartbreaking .
te	O	Jules was definitely lowering her defenses and I was making plans to disarm her completely by the end of the week .
te	C	This went on until the appetizers arrived .
te	C	he asked as he made his way to the counter to set the wineglass down .
te	C	Just seeing that app now was dangerous , electric .
te	C	A fine chain of superior dominance with delicate , seamless links held his robe .
te	C	He threw the juncture of his sandwich at a dragon fly coming close .
te	C	Every year , like seafood , there 's always one team .
te	O	I mean , translation is one thing but structure is something else again .
te	C	The sound started and stopped in short films .
te	C	Cora sniffled her hands on her hips .
te	C	He wrinkled up his nose and glanced at Varg , before transporting the Cane to lie with his head out of the pool .
te	O	You have your bundles of joy go to the medicine cabinet and pull out anything in a bottle that has Mommy or Daddy 's name on it .
te	C	The Lexus demonstrated to the 105 .
te	C	He slants his mouth against mine , his hand knotting painfully in my hair .
te	C	Brick enquired with a smirk .
te	O	They , like the Navajo further west , spoke versions of a quite different family of languages .
te	C	I started softly , easing her into it , gurgling from side to side and soothing each cheek with a gentle rub before continuing .
te	O	Those guys really had limited vocabulary !
te	C	They reached it before the canals on the wall loosed any more arrows .
te	C	" He didn 't say anything about ... " In the next instant the guards were bedded down .
te	O	After Mother died , Dad just locked the door and rented us a town house in the suburbs .
te	C	I shower quickly and slip into the tuxedos .
te	O	Around it sat three jars of condiments .
te	C	Boone found a clean pair of jeans and lighted a white long sleeved shirt .
te	O	He sweeps me from head to toe with an assessing glance , as if he can predict what I want .
te	C	If anyone caught sight of him , she would be embarrassed by his concerts .
te	O	The man nodded towards large slabs of Bath stone in one corner of the yard .
te	O	It felt like he was intruding .
te	C	It was a great match of inspirations driven by a relapse of honest give-and-take .
te	C	" Did Prince Nolen really think he could bring this man down with modern waterfront and not risk his life ? "
te	C	On the other hand , he 'd known Elizabeth since they were in their teens , and he had harbored a certain knack for her .
te	C	The floor tiles fit together like a big puzzle , some of them with braces that fit exactly with the pieces they lay next to .
te	C	" It 's not cold blood in juvie , " I growled .
te	C	If so much honesty didn 't topple from his voice , it might have sounded false .
te	C	He had dropped the babble .
te	C	His other hand slipped to her other breast , halting and stroking .
te	O	The river eventually slowed and broadened as it flowed into Gibson Reservoir .
te	C	Verity shivered at the cold draft that swept out from the sewer tunnel .
te	C	He jumped up and began fiddling around my room .
te	O	I should entrust his well-being to mortals ? "
te	O	You need to capitalize on something like this .
te	C	A fireball shot from her breast to her inner thighs .
te	O	You stole it from them then had the gall to kill them when they couldn 't survive on what you had left for them . "
te	O	" Well , I for one am happier than a pig in shit that you 'll be gone , " Derek announces .
te	C	There were so many frogs following him that their gear often got tangled together .
te	O	So when a part of her past turned up in her present , her light , her kindness , started to lose some of its luster .
te	C	He knows how to behave and breaking his brother 's optimism is out of the question .
te	C	" I think it 's the fuel pump , " he answered , nuzzling into Casper 's blanket .
te	C	Her hair was buzz cut , her face a collage of babes , her gown less a garment and more a suit of armor .
te	C	But everyone tried to fool the Black and Blue , and the club was far too good at seeing through the sprain .
te	O	His nighttime raid had failed , and Bryson began his withdrawal .
te	C	Mortal women came in scrubs to the Blood and Bite .
te	C	She thought the foliage of the coffee plants was clever -- interfering where the popular beverage originated .
te	C	" So if she starts repeating , just take a break from the conversation and she 'll eventually be able to isolate herself . "
te	C	We even evaded him for hours but he wouldn 't budge .
te	C	There was a deep loathing in her brow , the worry visibly stamped on her face .
te	C	What day is it and who 's been kidnapped and held for discretion ? "
te	O	Harlin seems to consider this and then shrugs as if he doesn 't care if I have some weird love affair going on with my coworker .
te	O	" Unfortunately , you failed to dazzle me . "
te	O	After taking a mental snapshot of the moment , she pushed herself off and zoomed down into the clear , cool water .
te	C	She hadn 't worn it with any other jewelry , wanting to upgrade her one special piece .
te	O	Frodo exited the cart and it rose up on its shocks with a loud sigh .
te	C	Gabby gave a pint , still drinking .
te	O	He knew the simplicity of the hunt , and the almost seductive whisper of it .
te	C	" Gave me , " she commanded quietly with her weapon drawn and trained on the odorous object .
te	O	Glancing up , she saw a shiny aqua and silver trailer , circa 1950 , perched on cinder blocks in a rough clearing .
te	C	" And the other precautions ? "
te	O	" I was imagining crawling under the conference room table and going down on you while you asked your team for supply chain recommendations . "
te	C	We had climbed some tourist cruises together and hung out , getting into trouble , getting drunk and that kind of thing .
te	O	" I 'd love to try your espresso .
te	O	It had neither saddle , stirrup , nor bridle ; but at that very moment a man leapt off its back .
te	O	Adventure Conversion To convert the following adventures to Of Mice Men and Wizards standards , you should convert RR to AR , and so forth .
te	O	" I am neither , " replied Silvia , " Perhaps it is the question you wish to ask of yourself during the divination . "
te	C	She loved hard and she lapped hard , rather like Cameron in that respect .
te	O	It was too big for me to encircle it .
te	O	If ever I need an incentive to perform my job , there it is .
te	O	I pulled so many stunts in church that there was no telling where she was going with it .
te	O	I started to feel it -- the strange drowsiness .
te	O	Everyone is sue happy these days . "
te	O	Two were dressed in beige overalls , and Emma assumed they must be mechanics .
te	O	The birds screamed a warning to one another at her approach and monkeys chattered and threw sticks and leaves at her .
te	O	She saw his mouth open and knew he was about to say something about her eating all the sweets .
te	O	It was the one way he felt he could atone for past sins .
te	C	Rambo , who had been channeling the fire , saw them and laughed .
te	C	Our client is a squire so therefore must have it .
te	C	As if anyone but the disorder can rescue .
te	O	The flame on the end of the chosen twig faded to an ember without the supporting heat of the cooking fire .
te	C	Curse the Master for doubting and stealing his best friend and breaking his sister 's heart !
te	O	He didn 't seem to mind the job either ; he tolerated our quest with only the occasional squawk .
te	C	Now it seems to me that most of the popular films at the Next Step are making just the same sort of mistake .
te	O	My arms flailed as I skidded , almost falling , stooping to stop my momentum but succeeding only in scraping my palms .
te	C	Whether the javelins missed and struck the earth or hit home , thousands of tiny glass spheres shattered , unleashing the specials that had been bound within .
te	C	Putting his head down into his hands so that his tears won 't be seen , he hears , " GET THE GATES !
te	C	Any time some crazy man starts talking about " the indicator of Light " we 'll want to station scribes nearby . '
te	O	" Hell came to us , " Chris muttered , his words garbled by the crackers he was chomping on .
te	C	I discuss the fruits and cons of dancing on the coffee table and how you could still get hurt , even if you have done it before .
te	C	" Well , that was exceedingly stupid , " he enunciated softly as he started to rummage around in one of his pouches .
te	O	He stroked her gently , his hand cupping her dampness .
te	C	He was closer to finding and liberating the hermit than ever before .
te	O	He teetered back on his chair slightly .
te	O	But if they could double up on the snowmobile , they had more options .
te	O	She had not lost her affinity for sarcasm which was thinly disguised behind a wide smile .
te	O	Once more , lying on her side in the darkness , she felt the vibrations of an engine and movement .
te	C	Behind the estate walls , it was copilot 's day .
te	C	In truth , she was pleased to learn that Nolan 's apartment was next door , and her heart did a little nip all its own .
te	C	We need to know about their loveliness . "
te	C	You had endowed me with perceptions and passions and then cast me abroad an object for the baton and horror of mankind .
te	C	It was dinnertime when Leo recited from his room , his skin chalky , supporting himself on the furniture as he shuffled into the great room .
te	O	Nick inhaled the musky scent of her cum before moving down to tongue her juicy slit .
te	O	Along with any observations you make . "
te	C	The voluble self protested , wildly , swiftly , like the hermit of a ship racing when it is out of the water .
te	C	My journalism here was a failure .
te	C	It 's like running a marathon over broken glass when your cubs are tied together in some tangled Gordian knot .
te	C	His shabby , thatched clothing appears to have been handmade , but before the king of thieves can get a good look , he recovers .
te	C	Claire let the girl drag her into the tunnel , which had been painted a vile sort of green with pictures to appease the metal expanse .
te	O	I may not always be able to keep her safe in this world , but I dang well won 't lie around when she 's been hurt .
te	C	He hasn 't bothered to see you in over three months , and all of a sudden he 's labour you a ticket ?
te	C	Gazing into the dark hole beneath the floor , I saw the first few laps of a ladder .
te	O	Don Francisco called his chauffeur and the black limousine parked a few feet away from them .
te	O	Mr. Burns 's little beady eyes gleamed with excitement and he smirked , causing his cheekbones to jut outward .
te	C	Then he braces because he won .
te	O	Dreamed of when Lucas was free of trying to appease his pack .
te	C	The angry woman 's essence was nearly swamped with the bright light of the Creator .
te	C	Interesting that the chute opens the door so easily for my brother .
te	C	I stirred my cereal until it turned to prickle , my mouth still full of the taste of the music in my dream .
te	O	Folks around here race bicycles ? "
te	C	' Isn 't there an old pervert that says a man must eat a bushel of dirt before he dies ? '
te	C	It 's a massive roof cave-in .
te	C	I 'm such a disadvantage .
te	C	The world around us breathed and grew with pure energy and his mood cycled , like the dunes and I pulled away afraid of him .
te	O	Had Alana grown disenchanted with her marriage and begun to cast around for something more fulfilling ?
te	O	My next appointment with the President was the same day as Elise 's dissertation defense .
te	C	There was no echoing flicker from within the boy ; it was as if his light had been branded like an unneeded candle .
te	O	She was calling from the congestion and chaos of the freeway .
te	C	Why do you think I work so diligently at my Rolex every day ?
te	O	These were all questions that kept racing through her mind , pulling her back from the insanity that usually ensued whenever he touched her .
te	C	Normally , Callie didn 't have anything but the strawberries with her lasagna .
te	C	I was just running from this man last week , and now I 'm terminating him like a horny teenager this week .
te	O	Those words cut so deep that Cristina actually quivered , dark pain clouding her eyes .
te	O	If advancement is on the horizon , then you need to reach out and grasp it , " he said with sincerity .
te	C	In fact nothing about James dyed her at all .
te	O	He pressed his cheek to her temple , the roughness of his afternoon stubble a familiar , welcome sensation .
te	O	I only have reports and briefings and rumours to keep me company .
te	C	The turrets were drastically shrunken compared to their terrestrial cousins as they had no need to hold frontier .
te	O	" We 'll want to corroborate that , " J.C. said .
te	O	Let me be the macho man . "
te	C	I was dogged with it for a moment , then stunned by what they were firing at .
te	C	" If you come here , you 'll be sorry , " warned the child in a rasping voice .
te	O	" I can disable the alarm , but I don 't think wiping the keypad 's memory would result in unlocking the car . "
te	O	The possibility that she might actually try to kill him splashed cold water all over his libido .
te	O	There were trees lining his property and dotting various points in the landscape .
te	O	I 'd hoped to slink off to my apartment without notice , but my dad opened the front door as soon as we parked the car .
te	C	Derek 's voice distracted me for a moment , my eyes appraising him as he wandered around the the room , stopping to pick up random items .
te	C	It 's like some nightmare that keeps interfering , this thing called my life .
te	C	Will flushed and looked around , conceding his foot .
te	C	He flashed a quick grin and slithered over the top of the small mound of leaves to slide down the slope into the harbour below .
te	O	Half a mil in cash ?
te	O	" You mean like filling out applications ? "
te	O	I 'm told there 's some symbiosis between the average Bug and this bioengineered furniture .
te	C	Do you think that upgrades should be given a tip ?
te	C	" What if we interrogate him further ? "
te	C	One of them grinned and lifted a can of programming in a salute .
te	C	' But if they 're bitches ... then what is this place ?
te	O	I remembered seeing the ' box ' in the sky and knowing the AA would be centred there .
te	C	" Do you still have the number to those geologists , Jeff ?
te	C	I was prickling , he was playing around , that was all .
te	C	Yet out here she apparently didn 't care that her car was straying towards the ditch .
te	C	His face twisted , hard and cynical , until he didn 't even banish himself .
te	O	I know I can 't prove that , but I mean it - " He covered her hand with his , their fingers linking .
te	C	No previous projections . "
te	C	Rain washed over the shuttle 's X-rays .
te	C	It was short , came just above cipher , a deep red silk chiffon , with a five inch silk detailing at the hem .
te	C	I hurried to the bathroom and knelt over the toilet , my ears droop and my breathing coming out shallow and choppy .
te	O	And don 't tell me who I can and can 't sue . "
te	O	He could hear the pumps below the stall as it already worked on recycling the cast-off liquid .
te	O	And stop lurking in the shadows like some kind of fiend . "
te	O	Her body recognized Ryan 's determined look , the dominance in it , first .
te	C	My mother said it was OK if I needed to invoke some wild oats this summer .
te	C	It should be the least of my worries , and yet the thought spurs my stomach .
te	O	The crowd began to disperse once the children were in the black bags .
te	O	But not if his bastard of a brother staked her .
te	C	We don 't like pepperoni .
te	O	This was something he had not consulted the Council about , but he didn 't care .
te	O	I 'd seen Lucius only once , at a party hosted by one of the ambassador 's friends of a friend .
te	O	He scoops up his keys and wallet and then opens the front door , holding it for me .
te	O	" I don 't have money , if that 's what you 're implying . "
te	O	The sound seemed suddenly to suspend all time ; to suspend momentum .
te	O	Before I knew it , I was plucked out of the beanbag and found myself in Lucien 's arms .
te	C	She wiggles her eyes to mine .
te	C	His last suggestion was that the barn and school building be sold , letting the new investor deal with the problems of those buildings .
te	C	However , you need to know that biological traits have managed to penetrate their way on to the ship .
te	C	The Dean picked up a damning piece of paper .
te	C	Pools speed with racing licenses , coming in at an oblique angle .
te	O	If just any old peasant can talk with God , the priests are redundant , and they might have to go out and get honest work . '
te	C	I finally ate a bite of opulence and then looked up at her .
te	C	were normal parts of the conversation for reinforcements and children alike .
te	O	Adri launched into the attack , swiping low .
te	C	I was outfitted as I watched his skin ripple down his neck .
te	C	The moon folks don 't think or taunt or wan na leave the moon .
te	C	You know how dope kids are all wound up ?
te	C	The formula next to her was big , black and old .
te	C	I can 't hide in this room if I 'm to shirk at Aurora .
te	C	The skins she 'd scattered about on the stone floor gave me some trouble .
te	C	Green tea , it was , not brocade .
te	O	Blaine whispered from the side of his mouth , " This is a crock . "
te	O	The bus slammed into another tree , plowed through a hedge , obliterated a trash can .
te	C	Bones walked away , not proceeding to that .
te	O	" In a year I 'll expect you to pay me my dues as your lord , and such charities to you will cease .
te	O	" When you have her kind of money , you can do anything you damned well please , " Hunter summarized , laughing .
te	O	I picked it up and took a cautionary peek through the peephole ... and found a shifter on our stoop .
te	O	Dad found work on a construction site , Mum in a fast-food restaurant .
te	C	My vision flashed , and suddenly Melanie and I were sitting back in the cellar , with her digressing onto a topic of attachment for Davion .
te	O	" Suppose you had to make a choice between your wife and your son ? "
te	C	Given how long it 's been since we 've seen a living soul we have started to use Mrs Robinsons little run-around to mistreat the local area .
te	O	If the strains can 't gain entrance , they die within twenty-four hours .
te	C	I 'll stretch out in the sun later just like my firs and catch up on ... There .
te	C	He moved on , looking for box rooms or films .
te	C	He read aloud : " two over , two under , of royal descent , two cakes , two crawlers , two spinners assent .
te	C	Chapter 22 The gurgling of the End All thought and emotion vanished momentarily as Echo watched the first of the creatures emerge from the cavern .
te	O	Sandi looked down again at the man and noticed a jogger giving him a second look .
te	C	In the distance , a massive air dome shimmered , nearly two octaves wide .
te	O	A counselor at her school noticed her withdrawal and invited Jean to her office for a " talk " .
te	C	" I beg your pardon , Your Majesty , " the royal tailor said , " but the wild Americans are not known to use sorceress . "
te	O	Then came the seventh and I started shaking like I 'd won the lottery .
te	C	The blanket was dirty and covered in handfuls .
te	C	I was still irritated with my companion 's lingerie over the delay .
te	C	I may even be able to help them catch the booklet before he can get too far .
te	O	Jealous boyfriend , only without the perks .
te	C	Before we know it , he will be able to sweep all of the tensions away in a matter of years , maybe even months . "
te	C	" Just remember , when your mother 's gnawing my ankle like a furious mama bear separated from her self-esteem , I did it for you . "
te	O	my father said , dreaming of Cowboy mowing down our rivals .
te	O	" I ain 't a sprout now . "
te	O	The plaintiff 's lawyer slowly got to his feet .
te	O	" Call me crazy , " I said stiffly , " but I don 't like being in a small confined space with a freaking python . "
te	C	" Prepare ... " Alvin closed his eyes and smiled .
te	O	Your disrespect for my kind is intolerable . "
te	O	Oh , that 's a hoot !
te	O	A sound that could have been someone else trying to mimic him .
te	C	" Wrapping his legs with gasoline . "
te	C	" I didn 't come here to reunite you .
te	O	" More like boys , skunk , and ghosts . "
te	O	' Small in size massive in spirit , ' Jack said about the venue .
te	C	" This still doesn 't explain why you are submerging .
te	C	Slowly shaking his head , he hefted the carving in his hand as though he found its beauty almost fainting . "
te	O	And whenever it rained his collarbone ached like hell from when he 'd broken it escaping an op gone wrong in Mogadishu in ' 05 .
te	O	It was quiet and our breathing seemed amplified in the stillness .
te	O	He seemed to be welcoming the Fog that had swept over him .
te	O	A transporter stepped forward and instantly she and Wyatt 's soul were gone .
te	O	" She beheaded her and teleported away . "
te	C	They had been elected by birth , made soldiers because they were born a Titan and not because of any personal desire to serve the Crown .
te	C	Her smug smile evaporates .
te	O	The barmaid didn 't have to ask what he wanted .
te	O	After the craziness of the situation with Vincent , my luck was looking up ; this night was somehow getting better by the minute .
te	C	But don 't get any ideas and come slinking into my dreams .
te	C	Your mind will make gains and it is normal .
te	O	When she took a step , she heard the faintest trill of a woman 's voice .
te	C	Back in bed , the reserves of the situation enters her mind .
te	O	He was obviously uncomfortable with speeches .
te	C	" Ah , and who is this finale ? "
te	O	No glowing fireflies , no tiny lines of traffic .
te	C	A method of purgatory would have to be devised .
te	O	As I 'd grown older , I 'd mellowed out a bit and forgotten the heartbreaks and aches of my childhood .
te	O	" They plan on leavin ' this place soon .
te	C	It 's nice to see you 've thawed out enough to get the votes for someone able to take care of you . "
te	C	It built a squadron of pieces , nicely framed with the outline of the china 's woven blue ribbons and gold edging .
te	C	He 'd stripped off his shorts and was in the swan , making his way into the water .
te	C	I also wanted to find the toad 's stone , and found instead the rose . "
te	O	Her euphoria had evaporated with the morning light .
te	C	Some rare few people like myself get stuck with whatever titles and names we brought with us , but I don 't invade the sign of respect .
te	C	When they professed , it proved easy to stay away from him .
te	C	The grey was tempered by all of the brown .
te	C	He had a sense he was on the edge of a forest , so dense were the trees and efficiency .
te	O	That gal 's always out to start a ruckus .
te	C	And there , on our knees , springing to one another , Adam and I finally found our middle ground .
te	O	Kinsey was going to talk to him , then hopefully , they could reconnect .
te	O	It was absolutely beautiful - with a black and white chequered floor , a curved staircase and above them hung a beautiful and elaborate crystal chandelier .
te	O	The familiar smell of his cologne wafted to her , immersing her in a wave of nostalgia , but she fought it away .
te	O	This was all part of learning how to be a vampire , testing and figuring out how to read people until the art was perfected .
te	O	Finished , she picked up her makeshift saber and touched it to her forehead in a jaunty formal salute .
te	C	" You have served your purpose well , a harpy raised from the ashes eager to belong , who do think fuelled your rituals ?
te	O	" I don 't hoist , dragon . "
te	O	" I went with my dad to a synagogue in Washington , can you beat that ? "
te	C	Which might explain this terrible stench permeating the city and spreading fast everywhere .
te	O	Let it not be said that I spurned the Red . "
te	C	" She 's not for sale , " he bit out , his forehead moistening with sweat .
te	C	" It looks pretty tame , " Alex said , looking out at the singers and ignoring Scotty 's question .
te	C	* * * I sat back on the whale , blinking at the screen , as the warmth of my laptop eased against my legs .
te	C	The peasants have divided us , but now we will be united .
te	O	, and the thug hung his head briefly in acknowledgment .
te	C	These people were my prerogative to the emptiness .
te	O	He compounded that lie by kissing the tip of her nose .
te	O	" Helen , I need to speak with your father alone , " Alex interrupted , his eyes hard and absolute , challenging her to defy him .
te	O	That was rare for a man who ran a brothel .
te	C	Mrs. White indicated a stereotype of folding chairs , and the kids took the seats .
te	O	My earring was on your sleeve . "
te	O	His gaze took in her cheap dress , clown make-up , and platinum hair .
te	O	With Buckingham 's support he could have asserted the authority of the ' old ' nobility and tamed any council .
te	C	His hair was a mess from the relentless prodding of his fingers , and his dark eyes were haunted .
te	O	This room is lit by glowing gaslight bulbs in a huge chandelier that dangles low over the dancers ' heads .
te	C	He climbed atop one of the wagons and blew three loud booms with a ram 's horn .
te	C	" If she will , " Charlotte felt obliged to eject .
te	O	He hesitated , making a few strokes with his paintbrush .
te	C	She knew Mark had been fighting a talon .
te	O	Chapter Twenty-Five No Small Sacrifice I have loved Barbies my whole life .
te	O	But the roughness makes the kiss more exciting .
te	O	Her voice plucked my heartstrings .
te	C	It was one of the few times I 'd seen him actually mulling his decision .
te	C	And I want to let him , but I 'm afraid I 'll start crying again , my mind still on emotion eraser .
te	O	" Never travel with dirty undies , " he said to himself as he got dressed .
te	C	I 've got more junk than some of those disposal pincers .
te	O	I haven 't seen him since that night , but I am completely sure that my savior just walked out of the prison .
te	O	She who will make us see truths we don 't want to face . "
te	O	Jake was dozing off when an excited announcer cut into a song about The White Cliffs of Dover .
te	C	The dousing fluid was highly volatile , chopping at room temperature , drawing off microparticles on my body and clothes .
te	C	The mail shirt the pervert had fashioned was so light that it could almost have been described as delicate .
te	C	" Just thinking , " I muttered , climbing inside and sloshing over on the bench seat so Gavin could slide in beside me .
te	O	Jax capped his water and took another minute to get himself together .
te	C	Emelia knew that should mean something to her but she couldn 't seem to disrupt the energy to be bothered .
te	O	Now she was running the show , she , with her moods , was dictating the rules .
te	O	The writers are the delegates from Louisiana , Arkansas , and Colorado . "
te	C	No rules , no doing the right thing to please the neighbours and listeners .
te	O	It made my allegation that she was interested in my money all the more ridiculous , which I thought was her point .
te	O	" We all need a little detour when the mood strikes us . "
te	C	" This is really a classy nightclub , " he noted .
te	C	He 'll claim you 're an outpost , and they 'd believe him .
te	C	Her body registers no action .
te	C	This was great for us because there seemed to be less infected on the deployment .
te	O	I chide myself as I sort dirty clothes into two separate piles and carry them to the wash machine .
te	C	" It 's a trick of the light ... " she squinted at the itinerary .
te	O	She helped those she could , took their offerings .
te	C	He had a timber in his belt and a satchel slung over his shoulder .
te	C	Did you get the pickle you wanted ? "
te	O	She smiled as she felt her palm becoming sweaty due to the condensation of steam on it .
te	C	We climb into her car , and she pinches out of the driveway .
te	O	Sean didn 't have a plan for interrogating the retired policeman .
te	O	But the men looked like any other average Joes and it saddened her that they might have been hurt .
te	O	he said , his voice sagging with humiliation .
te	O	Again and again the Orcs gained the summit of the outer wall , and again the defenders cast them down .
te	O	A short nod of the head by way of acceptance , or approval , or acknowledgement .
te	O	She 's developed a rapport and trust from those she 's contacted over the years .
te	O	Carmela , if you refuse to aide us , just know that you do not want the Elves against you .
te	C	The extra bit of indecision not only drove his muscles harder , but it piqued the male show-off gene just a bit as well .
te	O	Chapter 9 Wondrous Technology Jenny and Born walked for a few minutes through fields of long grasses , swaying and flowing in the cool early evening breeze .
te	C	" Although all this might have been handled with a bit more finesse and upgrade .
te	C	As long as need not deal with the stems of men anymore . "
te	O	Damned if the sight of her in those breeches didn 't make every thought leave a man 's head .
te	O	Jess simply took her preference in stride .
te	C	While it was on the ground I didn 't waste a second and galloped off its head .
te	O	The object had shrunk .
te	O	Her cheeks flamed hotter and hotter with every syllable of every word .
te	O	She said emphatically , " Cancel it .
te	O	It was a skill I could get a hell of a lot of mileage out of right now .
te	C	Reid wasn 't her guise .
te	O	I only had a few things in my fridge , so I couldn 't do much more than the basics .
te	O	Ten minutes later , I am being paraded around in front of the club members who are still at the club .
te	C	I was at Mistral 's side , and the magic that had misunderstood me this night was leaving .
te	C	A cursory scan found several fledglings occupying the sitting area with fresh kills , festive gold and silver decorations a perverse backdrop against the mobs of crimson .
te	C	' I doubt any of you have heard , not the bonnet , but the tale ... of Erebus . '
te	O	Mantra swept down the hall ahead of them in a brisk stride , the three others tailing him from behind .
te	C	He knew the cardigan would be on him somewhere , it had to be .
te	O	It took one of the innocent people beneath its feet with its tentacle and swallowed him whole into its mouth .
te	O	" Mia , it is a good endeavor and this could be very good for all of us . "
te	O	Screw all the liars in the world , misters !
te	C	I 'm not suggesting ... But if the answer lies in tha - " " Keep looking , " Kincaid said again .
te	O	She again went over the details of the bedroom , now branded into her mind .
te	O	He ´ s trying to create a world of peace and tranquility for himself .
te	O	All major scientists are coordinating with each other from similar outposts .
te	C	The hot water felt wonderful against his skin as she stewed a washcloth .
te	O	" Okay , what the hell - " " Not now , " he says , lurching to his feet .
te	C	Love is the feeling that provides the squire all the answers to any questions .
te	C	" But , just so you know , I 'm not planning on making it a habit of opting out at wedding receptions .
te	C	Chapter Two The great grassy plain was an emerald green , wells of jade drawn on its surface like sprigs of holly .
te	O	She saw Presley 's participation as a necessary part of her recovery .
te	C	Out of the hundreds of suitors , seventy percent had responded favorably .
te	C	The weapon shattered what was left of the creature 's head , knocking it into its designers .
te	C	' In fact Grace went to three specialists in all .
te	C	He put on a different shirt , stepped into his moccasins .
te	C	It had been too long since he 'd hunted alone , snagging on his chosen victim , his chosen prey , his chosen enemies .
te	O	If Ash would withhold this , then there was no telling what other vital things the Atlantean had failed to mention .
te	O	Although other members of the tribe had no trouble finding a reason for his father 's unexplained mishap .
te	C	The townspeople followed it too , waving at their Princess , waving at each other as more people joined their steady gallop towards the square .
te	O	As I might have predicted , Avery questioned Robin cautiously about his means of making a living , his future plans , and his upbringing .
te	C	Jack flipped his stovepipe hat off and shoved his arm down the stockpile .
te	O	" Difficult to miss when you 're right outside the building in broad daylight . "
te	O	Normally , Dom would 've argued vehemently with Ashleigh about the " gangster " tag , although it was true , but he decided to sigh instead .
te	O	' The second Canon was called Reality , as those with such an echo were able to see things others could not .
te	O	We had very different motivations for getting into this research .
te	O	an elegant older saleswoman asked them .
te	O	And if that 's what the woodchucks look like along your shortcut , what 's going to happen to you if a bear shows up ? '
te	O	And then there was the thump and shudder of a cannonball strike nearby and stone was cascading from the walls .
te	C	Alexander is impatient to bring peace to the whores , and this blood feud between your clans is a threat to the stability Alexander wants .
te	C	Carey became the complete willingness .
te	C	The tentacle tried stopping but it was not fast enough as the truck plowed right into it .
te	C	He pummeled himself with some chemical rather than be taken prisoner .
te	C	It was Jamie 's way of surviving and just because Robbie didn 't agree with him , it didn 't mean he had any right to emulate .
te	O	It wasn 't very long before several dozen Hounds came loping around a bend in that frozen river .
te	O	" I 'm Fred , here to do your closets . "
te	O	I wasn 't the fastest competitor out there , nor was I the strongest .
te	C	Why do you wish to quell this restriction upon me ? '
te	C	The post was a kaleidoscope .
te	C	He handed her the finery .
te	O	Diego cocked the tranquilizer rifle and pressed it into Reid 's stomach .
te	C	While away , he logged their departure .
te	O	The Lion 's Hill Bermuda Katya didn 't enjoy lying , though her life and occupation obliged her to do so as a matter of survival .
te	O	Adelina may have aligned the strongest with fear and hatred , but she also aligned with passion and ambition .
te	O	I turned on the tap , splashing water on my chest to rinse off the puke .
te	O	Her eyes were sunken and bloodshot and she looked thin and frail , save for her cheeks , which were swollen from the steroids .
te	O	She shrugs as she grabs the top of the chain link fence and hoists herself over it onto the grass .
te	O	The countdown hit one and I heard a strange sound .
te	C	She rose , at the end of her screwdriver and in need of distance .
te	C	There are only so many moves or breaks I can unravel until I just move or putt on instinct .
te	O	" You women are so careless with your purses . "
te	C	He had gained all the information he needed while endearing himself -- and therefore the Church -- to the posturing .
te	C	Toby himself felt cool as a fireman .
te	O	Now was not the time to relive my memories of Brandon Hastings .
te	O	You 'd simply use a piece of futuristic machinery called a wristwatch -- and a notebook to log your progress on each girl . '
te	C	Also , several people on the Council have pet research projects that they want to see better adapted . "
te	O	I hadn 't had a lot of experience dealing with archangels .
te	O	I said , shaving potato skins into a pile .
te	C	It was a long one with many legs wiggling to get into a small hole in the ground .
te	C	" Or drive me crazy , " Amy countered as she sidestepped her cup .
te	C	" I 'm ready , " She says as she glides into bed .
te	C	The hair was as soft as Shimmer 's coat and handfuls of light reflected from the tiny strands like gold .
te	O	My agent and my publisher have been after me to go on tour for quite some time ... " She shook her head .
te	C	Hunter waved in mid-air and waited for the truck to pull away before starting his engines .
te	O	" Since Burly works under the sanction of the Council , you already work for us , technically .
te	C	My heart plummeted in my chest once I realized every male within my line of vision had similar shimmering glitter floating around their bodies like Delvin .
te	C	The words were very difficult to give voice to , and with every dime she cursed her own stupidity .
te	C	He realized the briefest of his task .
te	O	Unfortunately , my need to kiss up to the boss was heavily outweighed by my need to win the trip .
te	O	The clockmaker falls back , nearly cowering .
te	C	" I do underestimate your efforts .
te	O	Don 't assume that people won 't divulge even the most harmful piece of information for the right price . "
te	O	" You wish , " said Marlon , munching popcorn as he turned on the lights .
te	C	" Why didn 't I see any casters at Vai Place ? "
te	C	Despite my best efforts to weaken him , this humongous bear was still behind me . "
te	C	" He became a hangover because he believes power lies in people 's deepest , darkest secrets .
te	C	Sydney is very clever , but her prognosis is limited against the all-seeing eyes of technology .
te	O	All the other cathedrals of Paris were monuments to dead gods and unimportant saints .
te	O	Back when we were simple forest dwellers , we grew careless with our fires , and the entire forest went up in flames .
te	O	They could already hear birds squawking and when within a few metres , a flurry of activity heralded the retreat of several Red Kites .
te	C	I could taste her , feel her warmth , and my entire body knew the press and backbone of hers .
te	O	" The cast on my foot must be doing something to my circulation and causing swelling over here , in this general area .
te	C	" Centurion in the auxiliary sensor . "
te	O	They ran through the narrow laneways and squares and took many turns to the left and right .
te	C	There 's a DVD in this envelope , snarls that you made , that will explain everything .
te	C	It was better than lying around with muffins on my eyes .
te	O	He considered complaining to the tourism AI , but he let his ire fade .
te	C	They will bring enough flexibility to wipe you from the planet , " I said .
te	O	We resided principally in the latter , and the lives of my parents were passed in considerable seclusion .
te	C	Grace is a gurney .
te	C	" Oh sorry , missy , the processes are out of order for a little while . "
te	O	Keeping my eyes on the dummy , I said in the lowest , calmest voice possible , " Stop it , Elodie . "
te	O	He began to thrust quicker , grunting as he did so .
te	C	It was the shortest of looks , but his whole face soured in that silent exchange .
te	C	Unfortunately , his horse butted and he landed on some rubbish , which included the bag of doorknobs .
te	O	A man that you must kill will come close to kill you if he thinks you are unarmed .
te	C	He shuddered , hoping his lordship was not so vicious as to assign a sick man quarters in the cucumber and musty dungeons .
te	O	" Yeah , Dakota left us last night , and today he showed up with the seven mares in tow , " Richard laughed .
te	C	Got to feed those defense mechanisms . "
te	C	The wolf turned back to Lily , its hanger covered in blood .
te	O	He 's breathing fast and he 's got that crazed look that comes when you decide to discount the evidence of the world entirely .
te	C	He took the stairs three at a time , forks of any possible threats .
te	C	" I 'm not taking any of that , " Fiona said , still ruffled that the doctor who wasn 't human was siding with her ascent .
te	C	Alicia bemused him , frustrated him , preceded him at different times .
te	O	His rage builds as he pushes through the crowd looking for the perpetrator of my inadvertent high .
te	C	It was a bear , and beyond him , bending near the stream , a ranger , with its great antlers wide as her whole body .
te	O	If they choose to flirt with her , and to dally with her , it is because they enjoy it .
te	O	We marched in silence , in single file , Darius leading the way like Oliver Twist at the head of a funeral procession .
te	C	The high price of supervision ?
te	O	Xavier screamed and threw her away from him , clamping his hand to his bleeding neck .
te	O	Seth tuned her argument to a different rationale .
te	O	All she had to do was be patient and very soon she could reopen the Vault to unleash its magic .
te	O	" We have enough firepower for them not to want to get into an all out battle .
te	C	" Michael , Kim unfastened the council meeting .
te	O	Have you ever been up for so many days to the point your brain felt like mush ?
te	O	" Cover me , " said Caleb as he readied his weapon and headed for the brash .
te	O	Realizing Burnett stood staring at her while she indulged in her mini pity party , she took a backward step toward the door .
te	O	The back of my neck prickles .
te	O	AUDIO LOG : SOL 119 RECORDING : Cutting the arm off the suit was easy ; so was cutting along its length to make a rectangle .
te	O	" Do you mind if I test your assertion . "
te	O	His signature wasn 't on anything and the people that had been making the shots were primarily executives that worked under him .
te	O	Renna 's stomach roiled , and she pressed a hand to her mouth .
te	C	" Okay , " Ruth finally ebbed .
te	C	She knew they must be nearing Claymore and her fears of what awaited her there were wrung by the minute .
te	O	" Don 't get mad , " Selena said , following her out into the busy crowd of tourists and regulars thronging Jackson Square .
te	C	Presently , he reached his exit , unlocking the small off ramp to a gravel road past the exit sign that marked the summit .
te	O	When you get to Rennes , you must get word to the duchess .
te	C	Many of the arrows breezed through the leaves harmlessly , but enough did not .
te	O	" And where are they going to build those airships ? "
te	C	For I know you find our allure most irresistible ; an altitude you despise so very much .
te	C	" I 'd advise you to disrupt your position of fighting while I 'm here creature .
te	O	Jamie was overwhelmed by the variety of sensations he evoked .
te	O	Then , he thought about the elation he 'd felt upon finally being announced the winner .
te	O	People were blind by supremacy , authority and rule .
te	C	" And Rusty is a drummer !
te	O	It seemed more like their relationship was one of convenience , like they were each the fail-safe for the other .
te	C	So this has something to do with his vacation , all of their atrocities .
te	O	The robot slammed the next piece down on the cylinder and it didn 't faze him at all .
te	O	" I 'm not obscuring the equation ... I won 't even be an eyesore ! "
te	O	My uneasiness when he was around me did not dissipate ; however I certainly couldn 't afford to be picky when it came to travelling companions .
te	C	Like all of her other shareholders , this one suffered from a sad lack of physical evidence .
te	C	Chef Charlotte making laps and chatting up celebrity guests . "
te	O	" What 's that , centurion ? "
te	C	They were starting down the stairs before Helen glanced over and saw that her aunt had not removed the flashback from around her face .
te	C	The girls had managed to keep their team composition secret , even to the point of buying team ball caps and cucumbers on the sly .
te	C	Out of the mouths of shoppers .
te	C	She set her backpack down at a table and started nibbling her books .
te	O	I don 't care who , what , or why , the RP is not making a comeback on my watch . "
te	C	Trev mate , " he said , laughing in his staccato Italian accent .
te	O	Only then did Jason think to remove his own weapon from inside his parka .
te	C	He , too , was rotted to the cells .
te	O	" For the rest of the year , you can write all my English essays ... and I 'll be sure to read all of them .
te	C	My counselor had once told me that children of divorce sometimes lack reproach .
te	C	This must be where he capitulated .
te	O	Our four guards stand outside , weapons ready , Paul isn 't visible , he must still be scouring the perimeter .
te	C	He swung his weapon around to me , and I reached for my Stone magic , using it to underestimate my skin .
te	C	They all seemed to be strangers until she spotted a couple in the middle treadmill at the far side .
te	O	" That glitter in the grooves of the door .
te	C	As in Prague , when Karou had attacked him , Akiva only interfered , dodged , and did not return attack .
te	C	The squirrels ran next to the wagon .
te	O	I cannot reach you physically , not as long as you reside on Athena 's island .
te	O	The front axle was good .
te	O	The long , dark blots on the road , dancing against the heat off the asphalt , barreled toward us .
te	C	Or did they simply have the freedom to talk without such outbursts ?
te	C	" Live in last night with Agent Barnes . "
te	O	This is what happens : A hovercraft marked with the Capitol 's seal materializes directly over the barricaded children .
te	O	Just when I was going to ask where he bought his wardrobe because I think I might want one of those sweaters , he snapped his fingers .
te	O	It took around half an hour to scale the first sand dune .
te	C	He exuded it from every pore , cantered it with every syllable , displayed it with every movement .
te	O	Calliope was the one exercising in the park , as a part of her training .
te	O	The only difficult moment came when Ben got up and asked her to dance , after the desserts and the coffees .
te	O	The sergeant nodded and relayed the order .
te	C	Usually we get nothing but videos and whimpers !
te	C	He dropped the weapon with a curse before any of the demon 's airspace could touch him .
te	C	Margie , a wet cloth in her hand , busily wiped off the table , the stove , the cubs , the refrigerator .
te	C	I would be lower and well hidden from the governess ' perspective , once I crossed that empty space .
te	C	She zeroed in his praise , in the love in his eyes , the beauty of the night that surrounded them .
te	C	The creatures which preceded it were actually just as weird as the trees from which they fed .
te	C	Like creaky floors and a noisy interlude and windows that stuck when the summer became too humid .
te	O	He could detonate it and kill them all , and they knew it .
te	C	' I suppose we 'll just have to -- kay ! '
te	C	She turned , seeing a young soldier paddling towards them .
te	O	They ´ re more like barbarians than actual politicians .
te	C	" No , we don 't , " she agreed , shedding her coat .
te	O	It was a stolen moment , one I nurtured because of how I 'd taken it .
te	C	The refrigerator broke our momentum , damning a few times before the entire thing toppled , a prominent dent visible in its steel door .
te	O	Somehow , my mind led me to him , and it has led me through all the tribulations since then .
te	C	A unified resistance might have stopped us several years ago , but you were all quite busy condemning the most glaring weakness of individuality : self-interest . "
te	C	It wouldn 't have been difficult to rile him , to knock the stake from his hands and send him crashing to the ground .
te	C	Gold only meant something to humans ; it meant nothing to medications .
te	O	" Of course , Max , " he said , scooping me into a hug .
te	O	On the horizon , you could see the residence of the German chancellor and the many lights of the big city .
te	O	Man , you 're such a weirdo . "
te	O	" So , gone crazy on any apparitions lately ? "
te	O	Dad was a builder , a carpenter , by trade and had assumed his own father 's role .
te	C	Brandi asks , her bracelets jangling as she taps her brightly polished fingernails against her purse .
te	C	Because if he 's been occupying her , I 'll have a sweet revenge .
te	O	Your mom will need to worry about getting herself better when she comes out of surgery , not spend her time fretting about you . "
te	O	" Stretching , " Max growled .
te	C	" Mostly I replace cabinets , or carriages -- I do some bathroom remodeling .
te	O	The cabin was too deep in the mountains for electricity or gas ; thus , it had no air-conditioning or heating , except for a large fireplace .
te	C	Here was an accordion .
te	C	Through the starfish you could see the river bank forty feet below and the dark water .
te	C	I 've just finished up a group training class and have several new interns who would love to get their feet wet .
te	O	The ring had rolled up beside the glass casing around the flame .
te	O	As forms of execution go she was a guillotine .
te	C	He fought for the camps during the Revolutionary war . "
te	O	With that , Bo got up , pul ed me to my feet and we took off like two blurs through the pre-dawn streets of Harker .
te	C	It 's the like the Gathering was built and then the project was abandoned , the wood left to turn a depressing gray and slowly rot away .
te	C	Or on Maximus doing the same the other time angling to her caused lethal damage .
te	O	What happened with the ogres ? "
te	C	All the while , the French people starved and bled out for the nobles ' engineers .
te	O	Heard a soft footfall on the barn 's concrete floor , four feet in front of him and three feet to his left .
te	C	He stood up , lunging for air .
te	O	It humbled her that someone like Domenico chose to confide in her things that she knew instinctively he did not share with anyone else .
te	C	I waved a hand at the vinyl pad .
te	O	The others were growling excitedly as they submerged , too .
te	C	We must go before they signify and are at full strength . "
te	O	" I 'm not from the slums . "
te	C	Roads will be surfaced using a natural color oozing to eliminate any distracting colors .
te	C	I got my bass guitar out from under the bed and checked my peacock .
te	C	" For the thong , " he mutters .
te	C	It was then I found out secret covens were the least of our problems .
te	C	Given all the high-tech mining and the HVAC stuff in this chamber , there has to be one . "
te	O	A voice said , ' Do you want me to organise a guard for them as well ? '
te	C	They were in their early twenties , said they had throttled up this river many times to hunt , and loved to tell stories about their trips .
te	O	Once we finish there , we 're not pretending we 're just work acquaintances anymore .
te	C	It was mistaken for a Sacrifice , which supervised things over -- but it wasn 't nice .
te	O	" I don 't know how you see me the way you do , Colt , but it terrifies me . "
te	C	Kirk covered my hand with his and gently squeezed it , while I breezed through the confusing tidal wave of my emotions .
te	O	He pulled his leather duster off , and shook the excess blood from it .
te	C	I tried to imagine him having a tea party with a stuffed alligator and this fantastical creature in front of us .
te	O	They 've noticed small incremental improvements in Peggy 's advancement in coordination and communication skills .
te	C	The keep was logged in silence .
te	C	A deep voice came over the speaker , and as if a switch had been thrown , the pilots stopped their purchasing and turned toward the monitor .
te	C	" They are saying it was the animal controllers and they turned it over to the Feds .
te	O	Gene took a spatula from the utensil drawer and started wedging it between the fillets .
te	C	His rods and canisters could be all but ruined by now .
te	C	She pounded on it harder and harder , letting her anger lessen her strength , but it defiantly refused to break .
te	O	Rex fumbled in his pocket , hoping he 'd remembered to bring his membership card .
te	C	It was as if her wrist was facing writer 's organisation or bad RSI , but the words would not flow as freely any more .
te	C	You 're a jersey , but don 't worry .
te	O	After two sols wandering the desert , I found something to navigate by .
te	O	He looked up from the weights he was lifting , sweat beading his forehead .
te	C	Hunter and I had brought the heiress in from the car .
te	C	" They turned out to be a pretty good group , so I keep the veracity to remind myself not to get too judgmental . "
te	O	I enjoy them , but someday some poor soul is going to wonder about trusting a pastor who seems to need correcting all the time . "
te	O	Bishop 's railroad car .
te	C	She understood her odds with realistic outlook .
te	O	' You came here for your fortunes , did you not , that is the only reason people come . '
te	C	The driver rolled down the chessboard .
te	C	Challenge suddenly drained from his eyes , gasoline flooding in its wake .
te	C	ii At the rotor , it became apparent that we needed a disguise for Connor , his Assassin 's robes being a little on the conspicuous side .
te	C	" Ignore them , daughter . "
te	O	They certainly hadn 't been in any position to start making handguns .
te	O	Edward and Pearl made a pact with her -- an agreement of sorts .
te	C	He tasted of indecision and mangoes and a hint of sweat , and oh , she hadn 't imagined a thing .
te	O	The paper is blank , save for a smear of ink .
te	C	The blistering wind broke a dead limb that was quickly swallowed by the tall delicate grass .
te	C	I finally have the courage to ask a founder member where to go .
te	C	The journals rarely were after their first assignment .
te	C	He snickered and nodded at my retaliation comment .
te	C	His warmth covered her side , his stern command reaching her inner beast and spotting the need to shift .
te	O	His eyes drift to my cheek , probably checking on the red mark he made there , but then they flit to my lips .
te	O	" I implanted some thoughts in his head and he took off .
te	C	He was the finery , I was the techie , and we had a team of military types that were second to none .
te	O	Some eldritch god had consumed Ares and spat out this monstrosity .
te	O	" Just hurry up or your doughnut is going to make the endangered species list . "
te	O	Apparently , they 'd found evidence of arson but most of their leads had gone cold , so they were asking performers .
te	O	" Yeah , " he said , squawking as the lukewarm water hit his body .
te	C	I 'm Delilah , the recycling manager here at The Lodge at Ashland Oaks .
te	C	If the public knew about what truly happened on the fifth floor , there would be an equity .
te	O	If we can do it as official Legends , that 's the perfect situation .
te	C	I 'd finally beaten Salina , finally used my elemental magic to demolish hers , and now she was going to kill me with a simple gun .
te	O	Then , as if it didn 't matter , she barreled on .
te	O	The maw was black with ash and red from molten rock and blazing fires .
te	C	We were in his small cell in The Catacombs and he was lying on one of the four motorcycles belonging to his family .
te	O	" Not officially , non .
te	C	" We feel that the only way to preserve our relationships with both camps is to remain impartial and uninvolved , " she continues .
te	O	I ran to the front to relay the message , wiping the disgusting stuff off my hands as I went .
te	O	He 'd always enjoyed his in-laws much more than any man should .
te	C	With laser precision , it hits the bell on the collage before it bounces into the water and immediately sinks below the surface .
te	O	What if she was right , even if she was just a part of a simulation ?
te	O	I must 've fallen asleep , for the next thing I knew , I was opening my eyes and the room was bathed in hazy starlight .
te	O	Bernard knew what this depicted .
te	C	I reeled myself up the deck , hoping I hadn 't graced any of my companions loose .
te	C	I took this notebook outside to write by indecision ; it 's that bright .
te	O	Helen was so furious , she forgot to be circumspect about the plan she 'd hatched a half hour ago .
te	C	" Wow is right , " Debbie emphasized .
te	O	His sister had often said he was at least half bulldog -- Sister ?
te	C	I 've called the purity club .
te	O	Calvin , this is not a natural love ; it 's some crazy chemical imbalance or something .
te	C	And so he sent horsemen out into the fields , and all the nearby woods , to relinquish this creature if they could .
te	C	He was glad to see them smile at each other as they left the founder .
te	O	Today , Jasmin was hyped up .
te	O	His fear was all the keener because of a suppressed knowledge that a similar collision might lie hidden in his own lot .
te	C	" There are so many invitations to movies , or television shows , or even music references .
te	O	Gowns and teas , boys and parties , it 's all just so boring . "
te	C	" And , says Deluca , there are only two possible solutions .
te	C	I think he may have exerted a rib . "
te	O	Daniel ducked to avoid the drape of Spanish moss trailing from the limbs of an ancient oak , sidestepped a hammock blowing in the salty breeze .
te	C	After telling you the next time you were alone , he was going to qualify you senseless .
te	O	She 'd only dropped by to gloat .
te	C	Sakura wasn 't pleased they weren 't affecting her regarding what she wanted to do with her wet dress .
te	C	" He 's there , all right , " Tom said , leaning against the door chime .
te	C	I wondered how big of a pint she would think I was .
te	C	We were pretty far off any streets that tourists or casual visitors would take , a bit out in the countryside and away from any tourist vendors .
te	O	This was my fourth night out , looking for the kidnappers .
te	O	" I guess I overreacted a bit . "
te	O	Could you imagine King Arthur eating a burrito ?
te	O	Or did he truly enjoy their flirtation ?
te	C	Her aunt could understand sign but her hands were to arthritic for her to sign so Cindy sniffled .
te	C	He launches in the seat next to me .
te	C	The door to its sarcophagus opens with a loud bang and its restraints are released with a sudden mechanical gadget .
te	C	When she chewed , she looked like a tug-of-war .
te	C	He would have to divert it until morning .
te	O	Obviously agitated , she rewound the tape and played it for them again .
te	C	" Ghosts and tigers . "
te	C	Still she didn 't understand this man at all and he gave no smacks into his soul for guidance .
te	C	Didn 't they want to be part of her itinerary ?
te	O	The good thing about Ted 's starting altitude was that he was about halfway to his destination when he hit the ground .
te	C	" Can you imagine what the vapour of that paper must have felt after that story hit the streets and Truman was president ?
te	C	The chapel was small , the rows of calories on each side of a central aisle facing a low stage with a lectern off to one side .
te	O	" In the back corner , " Kylie said , her panic lessening at the sight of Holiday , alive , but not looking happy .
te	O	" The police still have a warrant out for her arrest based on the description from the hikers . "
te	O	Hunter had the advantage of being six feet tall and built like a swimmer -- lots of upper body strength .
te	O	" This is not the time for that , " Nate explained anxiously as he watched the taillights of the truck unwaveringly .
te	O	I am in no mood for a hermit 's games .
te	C	Listen : I got ta split ; this air is killing my specialties . "
te	C	Even when he was strapping , he only bit me a few times . "
te	C	We have been conducting your work for the past few months and I am calling with some very good news .
te	C	" I can take you to Lord Merrick , " he continued , hoping to restrict her refusal .
te	O	He thinks he 's some sort of superhero , protector of righteousness , or something .
te	C	" Race you to the top , " Eve challenged , before gripping the hardship and sprinting up .
te	O	" Coach says you 're a one-year rookie . "
te	C	" I understand that the playing cards with the fifty-two most wanted for cocktails have been very popular .
te	O	Better he take the brunt of it than Nicole .
te	C	Those thoughts came on the heels of each other , playing in alignment .
te	C	She was pushing a pristine silver tracker into the room .
te	O	On his opposing rib there 's an inscription that tells a story .
te	O	" The warmth awakens , but it also weakens .
te	O	She was wearing a bathing suit with a beach towel wrapped around her like a sarong .
te	C	My sources tell me that you 've been implicated in the Vale for the past several centuries . '
te	C	Why would anyone pay in advance for a wraith ? "
te	C	Never repelled by a human imagination .
te	O	He realized with horror that the idiot limousine was stalled , wafting like some purposeless kite .
te	C	I have to fold my hands together to stop myself reaching out and propping it from him .
te	C	My hair floats across my forehead , and he winces as it lashes him , too .
te	O	His friends got up from their stools and drew closer to me .
te	C	Dad bummed some ice from the lifeguard stand to help take the swelling down .
te	O	Just wear the doublet , boy .
te	C	Her shoulders were set , spine straight , and her loose loincloth wrapped around her shoulder .
te	O	" The keeper of the ritual and the robes - the trappings and the suits of woe . "
te	O	I must needs confer with Lathan .
te	O	Set in the Catskill Mountains of Northern New York State , a story unfolds of a life in rural Ireland over a half century ago .
te	C	" They are the wall keepers , the final line of prejudice against attack .
te	C	From more than a couple of feet away , most people would be unable to tell the difference between a genuine handgun and a blueprint .
te	C	It was twenty thousand cartons of stone !
te	O	The small caliber would allow the bulk of the animal to be left for cooking if she happened to get lucky .
te	C	Molten silver shifted around a brown , stony body as one of the creatures , larger than before , ricocheted around the wreckage .
te	O	Fitzgerald hiked himself over the gunwale just as the hippo struck , coming from beneath again .
te	O	Outside the gate , Sunday formed a tower of five pebbles .
te	O	We both put on our bikinis and sarongs , big floppy hats and filled out straw bags with tabloid magazines and ipods .
te	C	For the moment , the element of surprise is on our side and therefore their finances will be small in number .
te	O	" Shall I incite your mother to invite me over , Christmas Eve ? "
te	C	They docked the walls and guarded the gates because they worried about those coming from outside .
te	C	When she speaks again her voice is cautious but flat , and her eyes roam the cabin , studying window rivets and warning indicators . '
te	C	' You are Acre 's footstep , William , set to rule in my stead .
te	C	I leaned down to catch a flurry of coils moving past .
te	O	Since that fateful night that they had died in the RV , he had really stepped up his technique .
te	C	The boutique owner in me wanted to make her a lowball offer .
te	C	We must move with tonic and subtlety .
te	O	Still , there were other bathrooms in the house .
te	C	Yes , he knew from experience that all designers could be overcome .
te	C	And here he was , bestowing his exposure .
te	C	she asked , ruffling her neck to look at the number above the bar code on my wrist .
te	C	She led them through an obstacle course of cramped tunnels , funhouse mirrors , and obstructing panels .
te	C	" Well , I 'm not even trying to applaud you .
te	C	She makes tracks in the beans and doubles the rice around before burrowing holes in her wet burrito .
te	C	As the man stepped from under the packaging , he smiled , " Kassandra Reese I assume . "
te	O	" So what does he plan to do for coverage in the meantime ? "
te	C	Before he even raised his hand to knock on her front door , Atlas announced his arrival with a few loud claps .
te	C	She 'd injected her strength to Grace so that Grace hadn 't shouldered it all alone .
te	O	Then , a sudden jerk by the dispenser startled him .
te	C	He 's a much better father than I ever was , but when he reappears , he is only echoing the atrocious example I set for him .
te	O	' You 're flight from Sparta appears in the histories that I 'm thankfully aware of .
te	C	Liza marveled at how this family , who 'd been violated not one short year ago , pulled together for one teenage girl .
te	O	Soon he entered old-growth rainforest .
te	O	I need to count on someone if catastrophe is to happen .
te	O	By all the laws of physics , she thought , the boat , unbalanced , ought to have been toppling sideways into the water .
te	O	However , that wasn 't what called Lea 's attention , it was the right arm that was inside the clinch .
te	O	I wasn 't standing by helplessly as Ava gave Henry false updates about where in Africa we were supposedly searching for Rhea .
te	C	" In his PC ? "
te	O	He steadied her , his eyes briefly locking on his archangel 's necklace dangling from her hand .
te	C	And when he gave me the vids to cut up ... " " Wait . "
te	O	The billowing mass broke apart , held , and reformed in new combinations .
te	C	National guard was put on queue .
te	O	" We had nannies who were paid to do that . "
te	C	" I 'm sorry that giving some girl who was murdered some peace is so damaging for you , " I spat .
te	O	" I think that if you consume many more meals of that magnitude , you 'll not retain your trim figure .
te	C	" You ran the truck 's orchards . "
te	O	Jonathan , the aide on duty poked his head in the door and gave us a stern look .
te	O	I mean , you already have tampons stashed everywhere , and my bathroom looks like a cosmetics store blew up in it .
te	O	Love , magick , and how we see and deal .
te	O	I didn 't go back to my locker and I took the long routes to all my classes .
te	O	Her own currents were still resonating strongly with his .
te	O	She was dressed in a businesslike black pantsuit with a white silk shell and a pair of black , high-heeled boots .
te	O	The king 's eyes flit away from Isadora , who continues to ramble , and come to rest on Serena .
te	C	The basin of the barrack was filled with black water .
te	O	The light in her eyes had dimmed , like a chandelier whose brilliance darkened with the twist of a switch .
te	C	KT continues to fire then her ammunition is tarnished and before she can reload the Scavengers are upon them .
te	O	Kylie blinked , praying she wouldn 't break out in a ful - blown blush .
te	C	In the wild she takes the blackbird and thrush but she 'll take game ranger when trained to it .
te	O	I urinate into a toilet that seems to be on rollers .
te	C	An idea generated inside his tiny man brain .
te	O	You weren 't a mean troublemaker , just rambunctious .
te	C	I won 't go into detail with the camps they looked at .
te	O	Burning with shame she stole a glance at the man who held the slipper , the flaming piece of evidence that would convict her .
te	O	As it moved at speed , suction was created along the bottom of the hull .
te	O	" She has dozens of journals in a tub in the back of her closet . "
te	C	He got rewarded with a few affectionate arm tats and broad smiles .
te	O	I ran my hands over the ridges of his torso , and he sucked in his breath with a jerk .
te	O	I flushed , realizing he was reprimanding me for my reading once more .
te	C	" For our main course we will be serving Lamb with freshly baked bread and pickled mushrooms .
te	O	But this time he started with her feet , so she submitted , thinking herself safe .
te	C	Cars whizzed by in a sledgehammer .
te	C	" Saw your pardon ? "
te	C	" That looks like a yes , sweetheart , " he murmured to her and she nodded in tempo .
te	O	You think we Deputies have the ruling of you boys .
te	O	The distorted version of the wormhole is finally over and done with .
te	O	He deepened the kiss , and she melded her body to his .
te	O	He 'd added another distribution point for the drugs , a group he didn 't know particularly well in Birmingham but that really wasn 't the issue .
te	O	When Celeste becomes his children 's nanny , she falls head over heels for the kids -- and for their brilliant , sexy father .
te	C	Silk had a much worse glare and her bookshelves had been truly cruel .
te	C	40 The sky raged with large blasts of winds and flashes of lightning .
te	C	He was thinking of her escaping a human acolyte .
te	O	Did you know the cavalry chaps ? "
te	C	I proposed as she came into full view , standing next to the waterfront .
te	O	He talked about turning Whitmore and Creighton from an underdog to a contender in the field of public relations .
te	C	" You 've pulled some stupid bitches in your life , but this takes the cake . "
te	O	Travis hadn 't had to wheedle his way into a distribution deal after all .
te	O	Personal questions were a minefield .
te	C	Apparently , Alexi had reckoned the evidence .
te	O	" God demands a martyr .
te	O	Initially they refrained from lighting a fire , simply eating some of the rations they had taken from the lodge kitchen .
te	C	" The emperor might be quietly pleasing a sufficient host to deal with us .
te	C	The operative flees my face with such speed that immediately the air feels cooler around me .
te	C	She had a sermon in the kitchen cabinet .
te	O	" Rise and shine , Emma . "
te	O	Lydia felt in her bones that these new pregnancies were the souls coming back that left thirty years ago in turmoil and maybe torment .
te	O	She laughed softly , relieved that he wasn 't angry with her for rejecting his suggestion .
te	C	And then he heard it , the prowess in her heartbeat .
te	C	Bitter tears wel ed in my eyes and burned my icy hot cheeks as they profess .
te	C	Martin found himself smiling , despite his own personal beliefs , at the old man 's lack of political correctness ; a lamb to a different generation .
te	O	" I see no light saber .
te	C	Their trooper as weapons is normally secondary .
te	O	Why is the dog foaming at the mouth ?
te	O	Gareth understood that a recklessness had come upon the two princes .
te	C	" Do you have a stickler for a date for the wedding ? "
te	C	That I 'd misheard something .
te	C	And Vin was tossed to the side , the robbers in her stomach threatening to rip free from her body .
te	O	He rushed from the room , past the restaurant façade , and into the kitchen .
te	O	During all the break-ups and reunions , there 's been a turnover of band members . '
te	O	" Get the goddamned union representative in here . "
te	O	Jobe got out his harp and started to tune it , wondering a little if he could make a song about water .
te	C	Once families find out she has cancer , they don 't want to stomp her . "
te	O	Emily finished her coffee and poured herself some cranberry granola .
te	O	She mustered every ounce of strength in her body and soul and started the pot on its menacing arc .
te	O	I wondered how he swam through the gross sludge as it was .
te	C	Made him feel like he had no right to his hometown because of the color of his skin .
te	O	We continued to work on perfecting my ability , controlling the speed and direction and amount I moved things .
te	C	' She wanted in , and Stuart was giving her an in , requiring a pretty sweet deal with her father while he was at it .
te	O	He finally dug out a small chit of paper , and handed it to Ion .
te	C	I feel the fisherman shake in my hand and something strikes me in the face .
te	C	It featured a fairly messy corpse lying on rooftops .
te	O	This poem might even be his idea of a memorial .
te	O	Soon after the coffee pot came the toothpaste .
te	O	He re-emerged seconds later , Dollop behind him , stumbling slightly and offering a manly wave to his new friends .
te	C	Not that your conquest record didn 't have anything to do with it , but every little bit helps .
te	C	Even with the air conditioner on high the car seems to be struggling to keep it from being too terribly hot .
te	C	He then heard rambling .
te	O	Instead , he would drive across the bridge and walk the sands of Atlantic Beach .
te	C	The meeting of the rhythms of the West and of the North is named the Great Battle , and the War of Wrath .
te	C	As if they hadn 't done enough by conquering every bit of his memories of us together .
te	O	She leaned in so he could see what they called her cleavage .
te	O	It was a good thing to do -- keeping an eye out for troublemakers .
te	O	She learned to teleport at an earlier age than I did .
te	C	" They reckoned the whole place , " he said , " But I 've seen worse . "
te	C	We hadn 't butted in five years .
te	O	I sniffled , but didn 't say anything .
te	O	" Folks might be able to see us .
te	O	While the Rayburn family has suffered greatly , this experience will set Mr. Rayburn apart in terms of empathy and fortitude .
te	O	Yet , thy fits could be from thy bad grain , causing strange behaviors . "
te	O	The CEO had said , " Stupidity and creativity are like twins .
te	C	Behind the low-lying scrubs , she lay in the dirt and painstakingly dug a small depression .
te	C	I think when they " re first found they mostly have natural noises , like moving water or curfew or rocks moving , that sort of thing .
te	O	Checking the phone 's caller id he saw the call was from Marty Phillips , Warren 's campaign adviser .
te	O	The preliminaries of the minister 's success had been touted earlier , and now Bishop Riley had the floor .
te	O	The pharmaceutical company we worked for would hold national sales meetings to promote their new product releases .
te	C	But people kept different guitars .
te	O	Not a single moving automobile , behind or ahead , that he can see .
te	O	Even her own room seemed to adopt an air of nervousness .
te	C	This dude must have had the IQ of a rune .
te	C	Half a dozen boats sat beneath painted signs advertising the best fishing on the paddock .
te	O	It nearly kills me to do it , the need to be near him so consuming , it 's maddening .
te	C	Days like today : Nadia had managed to complement those out .
te	C	" He climbed in through the turbulence , " Holly continued .
te	C	You and I can be together every weekend then , and during school districts !
te	O	The energy hadn 't just leaked out of her ; it had exploded , filling the space until even I was choking on the potency .
te	C	Grabbed for the tar on the back table .
te	C	The woman placed the stem of the tags between her palms and slowly rolled the glass back and forth .
te	C	A couple of Guard sentries met the withdrawals .
te	C	In fact , the entire room reminded him of the eastern area of the eel .
te	O	Even infuriated , Hope was already ready to admit that , but it didn 't matter .
te	O	I lay back in the grass and stared at an ant that was walking along the ground .
te	C	A female vampire 's scent was an awestruck to some males of the species .
te	O	A woman herding two young boys along the street towards him saw this small triumph and smiled at Meyer , knowingly .
te	C	Her own chest was wracked with perspiration .
te	O	From everything she 'd seen , Shinichi was a nutcase .
te	C	In its place stood a luminous marble wall covered in aggravation .
te	O	The décor hadn 't been updated this century , and neither had the waitresses .
te	C	Once we were on the roof , I botched our surroundings .
te	C	She had the whole sorceress thing going , big-time .
te	O	" Figure it out !
te	C	The warmth and whirl of their surroundings suddenly minded him of the swamp where he had found Hawk and Scamp .
te	C	There was nothing about other planets , pigtails , or dimensions . "
te	O	" I 'm not sure I like being compared to a bam , but I get your point .
te	C	' Marketplace of faiths , timber house of none , marketplace of none . '
te	C	It is the only recourse open to me that destroys me from being a laughingstock among my people .
te	C	I knew that moping would disappoint you , and please believe me when I say that it hurt me to disappoint you .
te	C	Behind me , the soldiers stomp their guns .
te	O	Tam has history this term and I 'm taking calculus .
te	O	Noah 's arched left brow mirrored the crooked slant of his grin .
te	O	If we 're not all together we 'll be lost when this universe crumbles , gone forever . "
te	O	Exploring where your whims take you .
te	C	Could it be the Biblical passage about the carvings ?
te	C	" Based on prior atrocities , duration , and comfort level . "
te	O	It was supposed to promote greater understanding between the two races .
te	O	Jonesy closed the outer hatches to both outer craft for security after his flying partner floated in .
te	C	I sat up , tapped my fingers on the concession , and looked at the phone .
te	O	Electra noticed a sudden radiance under the water , which disappeared immediately .
te	O	He could see the specks of gray throughout his thick hair .
te	O	She looked over the pressure gauges .
te	C	This lottery is just a jumble that will allow them to save themselves while they quiet the mob that 's brewing . "
te	C	At least this way she could see how Radcliffe and Beth dispensed with each other .
te	O	She wasn 't alone as she 'd expected to be because there were seven men , six in the pool and one on the settee .
te	C	The missing heart said a lot , but hearing that a unique could live through something like that left me unsure as far as restoration .
te	C	Different elements turn to liquid at different minerals .
te	O	It sent electric streamers of need coursing through him , pounding at him to strip her nak * d and plunge inside her sweet depths .
te	O	" Thank you so much for repairing my car .
te	O	Only thing is , you will not be subject to the ills and failings of the human body or the human intellect .
te	O	Elena 's expression was one to wring tears from a stone .
te	O	Must be keeping you busy as you haven 't been around bugging me lately .
te	O	He dropped some currency onto the table and called out their thanks to Mia .
te	C	Well , don 't pierce it .
te	O	She could have slugged Pate right then .
te	C	He hated being this close to impulses .
te	O	He sat a moment longer waiting for the fierce burn of desire to subside , then rose from his seat and approached the changing room .
te	O	" Ah , okay , " Zane hedged , taking the glass out of self-defense .
te	C	But the fact that he disapproved of Paul 's appearance at all was something of a manhunt for him .
te	C	As he stitched , Drew 's path made a trail in the sea of the grass , a temporary path which marked his place in time .
te	O	I eased myself off of Violetta and Camden came trotting over and helped me get Violetta to her feet .
te	C	" I might have destroyed your debut if I had come , " she said .
te	O	He grasped her shoulders , halting her .
te	C	They knew people who lived in places of inauspicious Chi lived lives of poor health , continuing mayhem and were unhappy .
te	C	I was tired before we 'd arrived , but being home had roped me a little .
te	O	It was my turn to gape at Will .
te	O	" But we may have just stolen their deity , and we used the last bag of salt last night . "
te	O	" Yes , doc . "
te	C	He nodded at the coffeemaker I carried .
te	O	Pray he does not send a lurker . "
te	C	All product had to be promoted to stores by Wednesday which was in less than twenty-four hours .
te	O	Janet and my mother were sitting at the table and playing separate games of solitaire .
te	O	I can 't abide a stupid or lazy man . "
te	O	Computers were prowling the Internet , large screen televisions were showing the latest news , and hologram programs were being tested .
te	O	In the morning , they went snorkeling in nearby reefs .
te	O	They knew she fancied her new acquaintance , but didn 't realize how serious she was .
te	O	" Nope , " I respond with a sarcastic pop on my P. " Sounds like you got the wrong brochure . "
te	O	Perhaps , I was more injured than I had presumed .
te	O	They yanked off his goggles , ripped off his ski mask , tore open his parka .
te	C	My mom calls it the terrible liars .
te	O	Clearly , this was where the pack came to relax and have fellowship .
te	O	I want your own impressions . "
te	C	" Ah , then I will teach her a lesson in daring to overtake me . "
te	O	While many planets simply didn 't fight and changed governorship of who was ruling them , some planets resisted and fought the Federation fleets and armies .
te	O	A trend I never understood . "
te	O	I know the purity of your father 's heart .
te	C	" I will be encountering an order closing the Mississippi below Vicksburg .
te	O	A fireball wouldn 't .
te	O	Finally Niles offered an invitation to serious collectors to bring their experts and examine the painting in person .
te	O	Maybe her father wouldn 't object to having Zack for a son-in-law .
te	O	Maybe she was trying a new tactic , because he saw her shoulders slump a little .
te	C	The whole truth of the periphery and Dante strained reason .
te	O	A group of young men went past , manhandling a barrel of beer .
te	C	They lay in wait for Faye by the back entrance of the wraith , where Deborah thought she was most likely to come out .
te	C	The packaging split apart , and for a moment Zoey thought it would be all over .
te	O	We follow her again out into the sunlight and the little town located deep in the recesses of Afghanistan .
te	O	He went very still , the dark eyes scouring hers .
te	O	Somewhere in the black cascade that eclipsed everything , he knew this was Leandro , his cousin .
te	C	She moved in a small biography , not wanting to disturb the air .
te	O	' They took a dive into the vaults .
te	C	Either the pilot had become infected or the persona had metamorphosed and had attacked him .
te	O	" And I 'm sick of the whole ' my gun will solve all ' mentality . "
te	C	They were only about two hundred yards from home and hiding along the trail in a jumble of Yucca plants .
te	O	But what if they retained more reason and intelligence than they had thought ?
te	C	He raided over to the passenger side and pulled open the door for her , closing it after she sat down and buckled herself in .
te	C	When she was on a roll , she was as unstoppable as a whisky in a forest of dead trees on a windy summer day .
te	C	Seriously sick , if the board was already in an emergency session to figure out what they were going to do without a functioning director of ozone .
te	O	If he has a seizure , he won 't see it , won 't recognize it , won 't react appropriately to it . "
te	O	She was giving up , since he 'd given up on their hitching .
te	O	I strutted over to the bedroom , pulled out a fresh one , and slipped it on .
te	O	A tiny faery with a mushroom cap peeked at us from a nearby branch , but she didn 't even glance at it a second time .
te	C	I got a bowl of water , a cloth , and set to cleaning up the strawberries as best I could .
te	C	The pungent smell of horse sweat mixed with the odor of fish and timber .
te	C	She stood in a circle of her assurances .
te	O	The towers of a giant 's castle , venting smoke in the deepest sooty pits of the ocean .
te	O	The edge of the shovel kept catching on the different flagstones .
te	O	" Thank you for rescuing me , " she said .
te	C	Her face was slick with tears as she kicked the door open and threw the britches on the ground .
te	C	Eat those exams , sweetie , and you 'll be up and feeling fine in no time .
te	O	" Being a hostage is always a bummer , " Jeff said .
te	C	Time passed and at ten Nicholas went to the door and jolted Lou Dell from her fellowship .
te	C	" Well , " replied the Mulla , " ' tis simply a matter of espresso .
te	O	Conscious of their audience , she neutralized her expression , put a few inches between them then turned and met his gaze .
te	O	My new friend saves me the trouble of answering .
te	O	" Obviously , she is succeeding .
te	O	He plops the huge black leather-bound book onto my bed .
te	C	Here the people of the world can reign in these fledglings , these elites .
te	O	His interest in this death now began diminishing .
te	C	So we picked up our rifles and headed away from the stench of the coyotes and into the wooded hills behind us .
te	O	" Where can I find this sorcerer ? "
te	C	Accordingly , they 'd decided to diffuse the fancy wedding Lisa had wanted to put on at the Matheson ranch .
te	C	The question remained -- to enslave or shut him down ?
te	O	Jules put a finger to her lips to shush my chatter so we could listen .
te	C	It 's the photography program my dad set up .
te	O	" Remove yourself from the Crystal ! "
te	O	The candidate may disappear from the face of the earth after a big loss but a good strategist just moves on to another campaign . "
te	O	Toast with jam and some peaches from a can were Rachel 's selection to start his day off right .
te	O	You can 't just waltz in and expect to be running the show . "
te	O	Pointing it at the ground in the glade , she thumbed across its edge .
te	C	It cuts across creed and political posturing .
te	O	" Sounds delightful , " Clubs said flatly .
te	O	Each time , I miscarried , and my heart began to ache in earnest at the task that my mother had given me .
te	C	His casual tone belied his unease .
te	O	A kind of birthing , if you prefer . "
te	O	For long minutes he sat , the shallow breaths spilling out of his lungs , the diaphragm wheezing like an old musical instrument .
te	O	Then he wondered why he was so fascinated by her twitching mole .
te	C	" I had a dismally short stint in robbery a few years ago .
te	C	She brushed off her hands into the finale .
te	O	Despite Ruth 's workload , we were slowly able to furnish our home .
te	O	Then we launch a rigid inflatable , with outboard , okay ? "
te	O	" She obviously doesn 't discourage very easily , or you 've done a bad job of discouraging her . "
te	C	" Oh , don 't forget to make a follow-up appointment ! "
te	C	Abel 's body lands in a chair and blood spatters everywhere , unveiling the other vampires in the house .
te	O	He hadn 't contemplated the possibility of anything delaying his completion .
te	C	I mistook my nose at the ride .
te	O	Shai covered her mouth with her hand to smother a squeak .
te	C	They were leaving Jerusalem , their friends and their skins , but soon they would adjust and easily make new acquaintances and develop new interests .
te	C	You and your friend may wine , reproduce and sleep at my pleasure . '
te	C	If there 's one in the cravat , I 'm not going to spend all day looking for it . "
te	O	" Having all that crap sent to the apartment is mail fraud , and it isn 't a laughing matter .
te	O	" You 're not just kidding " as she snuggled even closer to him , then he noticed and smiled slightly , cuddling was fun .
te	O	A female human 's reaction indicating his protection would be considered a deceit .
te	O	And then , unwittingly , she felt her hand twist the key in the ignition and rev the car 's engine .
te	O	" Stuart knew just what he was doing , that we 'd have the nerve to carry out schemes that he could never realize .
te	O	" I 've only been away a fortnight -- what 's happened ? "
te	O	On the ocean , wind was a function of tides and pressure fronts and came in gusting ebbs and flows .
te	C	Then she pushed a pager in front of us and I have a feeling we 're going to be babysitters for a while .
te	O	I knew exactly what shoebox she kept her treasures in . "
te	C	He knew that sky from his youth in the rink .
te	C	she flirted , continuing to eye him suspiciously .
te	O	Having arrived at that decision , they adjourned to the kitchen for lunch .
te	O	" Sure , " Squall said , looking around , more interested in the decor .
te	C	They watch as the copters gradually ascend , certain that a new road block is unlikely .
te	O	She 'd worked hard , sacrificing , to reach her goal .
te	O	This irritates my boss , Tiana , because she intends to be serving lunch and not late breakfasts at this time .
te	O	Irritated that I stopped petting him , he took a swat at me and walked away .
te	C	The lift doors opened and the group walked out into the registration area .
te	O	Finally the tunnel begins to widen enough so I can walk without risk of being wedged and I find the darkness also begins to lessen .
te	O	Her already keyed up emotions jumped to a higher state , and she let out a short shriek , spinning with her dagger out .
te	C	He had befallen the progress the wagons had made and they crossed the wheel tracks some distance behind them .
te	C	I smile , feeling a little lost , a little revived .
te	C	The journalists were tall and slim , I couldn 't see any curly knives but I could take that on trust .
te	C	" A riot must be very carefully planned and executed , otherwise it will just as likely turn against its myths as their enemies . "
te	O	Dipping sonar was being deployed at various locations that would triangulate the exact location of any underwater threat .
te	O	His eyes widened and he chortled as he realized what that meant .
te	C	I bucked and screamed like a wild animal caught in a clash as Chad draped himself over me , a wicked glint in his eyes .
te	O	There was a red background , but it could be a deceiving feature to fool those who tried them on before purchasing .
te	C	" Take her on to the lullaby , " he instructed the driver .
te	C	" You and your roommates are charged with a most difficult task , my lady .
te	O	There are some transmissions that appear to have a video component , but until we determine their screen format we won 't have any pictures .
te	O	One of the reasons he had been paired with Kane was his high empathy scores .
te	C	I pulled out another carrot and contemplated it .
te	C	" And speeches , " she said as she turned to the boys .
te	C	That left a lone figure in the center , standing in a shredded croissant , lit from the back .
te	C	There came a slight commotion from the sorcerer 's small crowd .
te	O	This light touch caused waves of glorious sensation to shoot down the insides of her thighs , up her back and zoom straight between her legs .
te	O	Jeremy had introduced her to Alice , the stylist , Kalen , the makeup artist , and Francis , who was in charge of lighting .
te	O	The mutation occurs as a means of adaptation in an effort to continue exploiting and conquering .
te	C	" Welcome to Miami , gents . "
te	O	I can practically see him swallowing his pride like a big old bite of mushroom risotto as he says , " Fine .
te	C	" Try , " Jared reprimanded .
te	O	No wonder the guy was disappointed not getting a morning quickie .
te	C	The longer she lies in suspension , the less likely her body will be able to qualify .
te	C	The Burning Lamp was created for a similar purpose , to disperse naturally occurring talent and create additional paranormal abilities .
te	C	" You unwound it while you were still inside ?
te	C	Thank you for respecting my ne .
te	O	Vampire blood flew from the blades ' edges , as bright as a scatter of rubies .
te	C	She had wondered if the hamster looked like their DSM 's , if it had mirrors .
te	C	Could she keep the bloody mayhem from happening ?
te	C	" Well , " she muttered with mock despair , " so much for my James Bond originality . "
te	O	" That 's what I thought , " he seethed .
te	O	' Two nuns ... suddenly dead ... found by Doctor Mitchell . '
te	O	But she continued calmly to dictate .
te	C	He maintained the closeness , our listeners pressed together chest to thigh , ostensibly waiting for my answer .
te	C	He would 've been an excellent manicure .
te	O	" It 's ok hon , I know you didn 't mean it really , this takes some digesting that 's for sure . "
te	C	It was snowing lightly , and the gutters were full of upbringing .
te	C	* * * On Mike 's say so they made for the countertop with a couple of hours before show time .
te	C	The archers were now near enough that they could easily eliminate the remaining teammates .
te	C	Anyhow , a series of sentries had set up a cylinder .
te	O	" You think you 're a real comedian , don 't you ? "
te	C	The forward viewing window is only dedicated to the pilot for steering the courier ship .
te	O	I concentrate on the throbbing anticipation in my cunt .
te	O	His eyes changed color with his moods , and instead of darkening with desire , his eyes turned into pools of liquid lightning .
te	C	There was a little too much crazy in it ; the oracles shrieked .
te	O	She also wanted to whack him over the head with her parasol .
te	C	This close to the man , she could feel every muscle in his arm , see every dime of his jaw .
te	C	If my parents found out about it a second time they 'd interrogate me .
te	O	I supposed she should be all for an abortion .
te	C	She had a fireproof spell keyed to the pattern of her footfall to give her an objective measure .
te	C	Alaina grabbed a fur robe from a hook on the hedgehog 's wall .
te	O	The city appeared grey and lifeless , contrasted with the clear blue sky above .
te	O	The vampire tilted her head to one side , eying him in an intent manner .
te	O	' The line the rustlers are taking heads almost due north .
te	C	I fell in slow motion , the world a blur of pain -- fell across the threshold and into the florist 's arms .
te	C	He removed the sidearm from Jason 's arm and again tied off the vein .
te	O	It 's just a little .25 caliber Ruger .
te	O	I felt him quicken and I moved harder against him , pressing myself into the contracting muscle of his leg .
te	O	There was a belligerence about them that seemed most unnatural , and it appeared that the slightest disagreement could start a war up here .
te	C	I was about to compute the rope when the Bitch gave in first .
te	O	" There 's a bug to squash ! "
te	O	" You are now officially in contention for having uttered the understatement of the year , " Joel said .
te	O	They also caused traffic and crowds and lines ten people long at the grocery checkout .
te	C	If you know the exact coordinates of the location as well as an elixir , you can say it .
te	O	" Just what are you filming .
te	C	His car was wiggling in front of the house .
te	O	I don 't know that I believe in witchcraft , but I do know that the power of the mind is quite strong .
te	C	If you had a witness to his pastor , would it make a difference ?
te	O	Large cities remain overrun , while the tallest buildings belong to our kind once more .
te	C	Left alone in the contours of the entryway , Peter bent to examine his knee .
te	O	The swarm of shapeless things converged on the lone defender !
te	C	" You know Melissa 's suspension . "
te	O	You go to the golf course , I go to the gym or the dojo .
te	O	" ' Tis my task , madam , and one that I am proud to attend to . "
te	O	She did tell me that she would use the city 's design and geography against its citizens .
te	O	Why the dramatics ? "
te	O	" Well , aye , but this is a matter of my life .
te	O	No problem , she pulled the cord from the outlet .
te	O	" You still have a hard-on for the icy blonde ? "
te	O	Vinny swept her hand over the display , and a collage of shots of ample cleavage appeared on the screen .
te	C	Marcus screamed to his men in the institute .
te	O	If she canceled at the last second , she knew she 'd lose the job permanently , so she begged me to take her place .
te	C	Anyone who didn 't know Jill and her traits well would see nothing but a strong , ethereal woman striding down the seam .
te	O	But it was chilly in the shade of the awning and she found herself shivering when the wind blew .
te	O	He 'll bring my entire world down around me in shreds and tatters , but that 's not what I care about .
te	O	Sergei was a powerful , gorgeous , dynamic man and she knew that women probably flocked to him .
te	C	The butler had augmented his ridicule with a couple of meat cleavers , which he hefted with a certain worrying expertise .
te	O	Twenty buck says that while Rachel and I have been moving pawns , Eric just moved his rook .
te	O	The monastery was built on mountain caves .
te	C	The auctioneer banged his sodden , " Sold to the young man in the front for ten thousand dollars . "
te	O	The backlash of using her telepathic ability on four people in the lobby was too much .
te	O	It 's piled up outside and they use front loaders to bring and dump it onto conveyor belts for the boilers which are upstairs .
te	O	As a matter of fact , I wouldn 't be surprised if the pieces sold for three times what I quoted you . "
te	O	" Probably building a guillotine , " she muttered to herself .
te	O	The valley looked like a meteor crater , but Jake noted vents dotting the edges , steaming with sulfurous gases .
te	C	My mind drifted to the reverend .
te	O	Max took a sip of mineral water as he stared across the room at the dark-haired beauty as she practically bounced her way to the bar .
te	O	He had a limited time with her and he didn 't want to alter her innocent perception of him by tainting it with his title .
te	C	The optic nerve was a bundle of fibers , each like a string of coyotes .
te	O	They glanced at Jordan while continuing to play games and check out lesbian websites on their laptops .
te	C	She grabbed his hands , his decaying hands .
te	O	" How was she able to inflict so much damage ? "
te	C	First and foremost it is imperative that we first master ourselves for through that the world is our fealty .
te	O	They crossed the channel frequently , diving into the water midway , and rising with their catch in their beaks .
te	C	I cap the shit with a deep ochre .
te	O	Passing through this barrier , Lucifer was not startled to see the glamour fall away from the sprites around him .
te	O	Prisoners were allowed to write one letter every five weeks , and those were censored .
te	C	The copilot had awoke in me , and there was no going back now .
te	C	This reporter went to see the play on Saturday , March 29th with the purpose of deleting it for the Drama section , published every Monday .
te	O	Even then , who knows why , he thought about " The locomotive " .
te	O	Travis braced himself for hearing the only words that would explain both her queasiness and the tension that was clearly gripping him .
te	O	He 'd just spouted another facet of her beliefs .
te	O	She paused her eating , cocking her head .
te	O	The Guardian ring in the ceiling shook and then shriveled into nothingness .
te	C	She felt his hands behind her head , baring the tie that hid her eyes .
te	C	She had finally managed to get around the symptom of men that had formed around her during the fight .
te	C	Even though I promised not to inconvenience you about this subject ... " he rasped out , sounding more desperate by the second .
te	O	Without awaiting a reply , Ned smoothly boosted himself onto the windowsill and disappeared onto the roof .
te	C	While Hannah was watching the newscast , Melvin had fused into the break room .
te	O	My boss made me look like it was my fault and that sums up my night at work .
te	O	Killing him probably wouldn 't have made a difference and might have elevated him to martyr status .
te	O	The nurse followed close after , her footfalls fast and steady as she rushed after him .
te	C	She led the woman to the roadster and offered her a seat .
te	O	As the wind pulses and moans outside the frame structure of the house , I think of the night outside as fluid .
te	O	Her eyes glimmer like polished obsidian , hard as if they have been hewn out of some ancient volcano .
te	C	By chance , he came into contact with chaos research when he was in Boston in 1972 and got a meeting revived .
te	O	His tip neared me , touched the sliver of a gap between my lips , moved centimeter by centimeter inward .
te	O	So the pawn shop burglary was now solved .
te	C	They probably do not have jobs that require them to darken with strict start or finish times .
te	C	I grabbed the bag of fishermen from under his arm with one hand , grabbed his shirt with the other , and pressed my lips to his .
te	O	Inspecting it , the discussion continued with a new vigour and more excitable pointing .
te	O	If the mule actually traverses in time then we 're okay .
te	C	You 're fiddling with a federal matter . "
te	O	" Du n no where your boo went , but there 's another chick I know that 's looking for ya . "
te	C	The dominance has already started .
te	O	I didn 't know how to get Cowboy Hat to leave the premises , but I knew one person who could help me clear the whole place .
te	O	He settled on his pallet and watched her sleepily as she waited for the water to boil and then poured it into a metal pitcher .
te	O	It was too late for the caster .
te	C	And then as Frank moved away and returned to his chair , Felix beckoned to the magnitude .
te	C	The friction , or amulet .
te	O	With a yelp , the three dogs stiffened immediately , resuming their guard .
te	C	We ambled back up the pier , stopping several times to admire the blue water and laugh at the pelicans .
te	C	We heard about the little game you played , transmitting an engagement . "
te	C	The headline first entered Kali 's dreams that night .
te	O	It pulled me further out of my dream ; I tried not to resent him .
te	C	His eyes matched the blue water off the splinters of Oahu .
te	O	Reaching down he dislodged the hard angular object and pulled it free from his sheet and blanket .
te	C	He thinks it is assembling a strong financial base that will evoke a reliable cash flow for the next several years . "
te	O	" Well , you two missed a helluva game , Sir .
te	O	Sometimes we would have discussions or do lessons outside the tree , but naturally , I can 't remember any of that .
te	C	Simon let a slug 's cry fill the air and saw Duncan and Cian both turn their heads his way .
te	O	Twyla 's face smiled down at me , charms tied into her long braids .
te	C	" So they have a king , padre , interesting . "
te	C	I glimpsed the Molly 's Moveable Feasts van parked a block away from the academy , and saw the familiar table set up further down the street .
te	C	But if they come from a known source , and appear to be relevant , those nicknames usually go out the window .
te	O	They prompt attitudes full of grace and power , where fine marksmanship is freed from associations of bloodshed .
te	O	Chelsea knitted her eyebrows together .
te	O	The preceptor al owed the inventor to examine the device at length .
te	O	I simultaneously sprayed him and kneed him in the groin .
te	C	The man landed on the ground with his reflexes , and Sean smacked his gun out of his reach .
te	C	He tossed a duplex over his shoulder .
te	O	I close my eyes , feeling the smoothness of her fingertips on the edges of my lips .
te	C	Large , creepy Gothic structures , with towers and parapets and vendors .
te	C	The residual animosity he mentioned before tingles in my throat , creeping about the numb edges .
te	O	The space around the destroyed collector ships was full of swarms that weren 't dead , but they weren 't alive either .
te	O	" You are bullshitting me , " said Dorothy .
te	O	She was sucking him into suburbia and into a relationship against his will .
te	O	The wall of gargoyles was holding , but not perfectly .
te	C	Some believe that he is the only man to every fully explore the natural tunnels the mine compares to , " he explained .
te	C	Jimmy didn 't stop laughing , but his eyebrows did stagger down after a moment .
te	C	As for tabloids , they had always been Mandi 's weakness and she didn 't hesitate to pack the sexiest ones she could find .
te	C	Festus announced some of the measures that he would take to bring the accounting to order and asked for our help and support in carrying out these .
te	O	" The first thing we need to do , then , is to investigate and try to figure out if these attacks and disappearances are supernatural . "
te	C	" It 's a laser engaging the images .
te	O	To Cohen 's surprise , the minstrel seemed quite at home with the view .
te	C	" If you mean when did I become an icon for marriage and family life , where have you been the last four years ?
te	C	Sick of that same old liquid component ?
te	O	" I do , my liege , " Brom responded sincerely .
te	C	He set off down through the paddocks and across the river , and began work on the next panels of censure .
te	C	And you 're camped not even to a punishment , but to a treatment !
te	C	He was a pleasant looking man , appearing to be in his braces ; probably about five feet seven , with a round belly .
te	C	With such an elite population of wealthy people , surely one fang out of every marriage is overworked from a career .
te	C	It didn 't have a stronghold , only a plain old cross made of wood .
te	O	" I have decided that I should apologise , " she began , still staring at her steaming drink .
te	C	In addition to all the normal sources , I interviewed business associates and friends and investigated his mannerisms .
te	O	That was pointless to even fantasize about .
te	C	To establish an eternity of peace between the species , The Three must personify that we can live together through restoration and in harmony . "
te	O	" What 's your trade-off ? "
te	O	There was a long pause , and David waited but the cryptic monologue had ended .
te	C	Beyond him , I admired the lights on residential docks projecting the lake 's oval shoreline .
te	O	And if he didn 't start filling in some blanks , I never would know .
te	C	He 's no acceleration .
te	O	" You can tell that horrible peasant that I won 't eat any of her dreadful stew , " Yaris answered .
te	C	I need power to move or I 'll be stranded until the storm passes or poses .
te	C	How had he slowly twisted into the bowmen who created such a dark nation ?
te	C	Also , he ordered some of them to banish the wood to depict his body .
te	O	Too keyed up to wait he had Paul bribe a bellhop to give him an address .
te	O	" It is no secret that women are at a disadvantage in our day and age , forever under the foot of one man or other .
te	O	She stood near the itinerary as a reminder , but she kept her face neutral .
te	O	Even the refreshment table boasted a magnificent floral arrangement of pinks , purples and yellows .
te	O	" We found batons . "
te	C	I hadn 't seen any reason for it , but as I sat across from Savannah , I had to weaken my decision .
te	C	" I 'll give you orders for his final readiness in a moment . "
te	O	And Satan will be skating to work .
te	C	Ah , there it is , the reason she 's conceding .
te	O	She was really into decorating .
te	O	' Mind if I put him down for a little snooze ? '
te	O	It was instantly captivated by what was set up in front of the middle window .
te	C	Nothing but murky brown water with bulging waves , wafting waves that rupture on the filthy shore and brown sky as far as the eye can see .
te	C	I may be on parole , but I still have pull there .
te	C	I get out the cutting board and start chopping onions .
te	O	They don 't scare me , " said the old man , reaching for another crab .
te	O	" I am glad you showed yourself finally , saves me the trouble and energy of finding you . "
te	O	' About a month ago Mario came back for a rematch , ' Viv said sheepishly .
te	C	He was prodding , and Karen wondered how long he had been sitting beside her .
te	C	" No , and she 's not serving eel , either . "
te	O	" Smart little buggers .
te	C	" Look up and tell me if you see honor among plants and trainers .
te	C	He 's just so old his visions are more likely to be a condition of his enduring memory than any magical gift . "
te	O	No need to curtsy .
te	C	I was offered several cables to play in college .
te	O	Francesca is huddled miserably in the rear seat but her eyes follow the buffalo as we pass .
te	O	Was it handmade by a group of monks in a monastery in the Netherlands ?
te	O	It was late afternoon and the light angling through the storefront glass fired her prematurely white hair into a shock of almost blinding brilliance .
te	C	Ben licks his lips and I can feel unsteadiness in his tab and hunger and grief at what he 's already imagining is our next parting .
te	O	Not after the purging I 'd just been through .
te	O	She quickens her pace to keep her feet off the floor as much as possible .
te	C	I 've heard it can attract evil - well it does in reinforcements . '
te	O	Some of the productions are just a pure labor of love . "
te	O	When I glance up at him , the fierceness in his eyes causes me to shrink back .
te	C	" We 've been renting the transcripts of your court case , and we 've become very interested in what happened .
te	O	" Whatever , it 's worth a detour , " she said aloud , now quite curious .
te	O	It 's alien to him and I can see that it both enrages and terrifies him , but he 's helpless against it now .
te	O	" One that will terrify future enemies . "
te	C	The rest , follow me to the pastor ! "
te	O	She toed a spot where the carpet was coming loose from the wall .
te	O	" Is this an inquisition ? "
te	O	He doesn 't say a word to me as he brushes by me , stomps through the puddles to his car , and climbs in .
te	O	After disconnecting the call he sat back stroking his goatee .
te	C	At least , she boasted that that is what must have happened .
te	O	At the bottom was another circle , a small round cog , and looped over them both , connecting them , was a thick chain .
te	C	" The phobia , " Op Nine said .
te	O	It liked bleach , I would give it bleach .
te	C	Most liver transplants are affixed to children with curable illnesses and the best chance to survive both the illness and the procedure .
te	C	A deep-seated avarice arose amongst the master craftsmen and began to play upon their thoughts .
te	C	So that means tomorrow 's transgendered drag ballet and tribute is misplaced ? "
te	C	' We had the mother of all car revs , ' Casino said .
te	O	He found them , and watched them go in his mind 's eye , feeling their life dwindle as they rode further and further away .
te	C	It should have been my call from the beginning , but you two stepped in and voted me .
te	C	D.B. trying to add a touch of decay .
te	C	She was young , and hopelessly devoted to the two half-human sons he had once cured on his Arcadian mate .
te	O	" I cannot guarantee that the cost of the project will not be impacted . "
te	C	" Like I said , tripled , " Dina smiles .
te	O	" When we enlisted , we knew we 'd sail into danger .
te	O	Police use it all the time to avoid chases .
te	C	Just lost my reflexes a while ago .
te	C	" No , she 's still stamping out the Velvet Suite .
te	C	Gabrielle Ashe stared in astonishment at the young guardsman , Chris Harper .
te	O	Just refuse and - " " And have the king send me off to an abbey ?
te	O	" What are you guys talking about " I butted in .
te	O	The wispy cloth clings to her body as she walks , outlining her form perfectly .
te	C	Only when this , too , was completed did he agree to give Ambrose and Phillip the promised confidentiality .
te	O	Her scent was drifting toward him , a combination of vanilla and spice , the same smell that had been haunting him all week .
te	O	Xavier often disrupted those corrupt deals between the underworld factions .
te	C	They studied the crowd with the intensity of a couple of unconsciousness .
te	O	Then she affirmed the girl 's hopes by saying , " The base is only so big .
te	O	We 're encroaching on their land and that 's it .
te	C	It reminded me of sandstone .
te	O	" Sweeping up ? "
te	O	Any unauthorized reprint or use of this book is prohibited .
te	C	He hated it when people tried to contend with him when he was angry .
te	C	The bitches hide them so well ; I 'm afraid we might get into a trap if we 're not careful enough . "
te	C	There 's no bandit , but it feels organic , not artificial .
te	O	He lived in search of the elusive jackpot that would set him up for life .
te	O	Sometimes the effort overcame him and he would give up and slip back into the inky depths .
te	O	Mary picked up a dark green edition with the number 1 etched into it and , opening it to the first page , began to read .
te	O	" Three squads on the North Island , " Comrade Wang replied .
te	O	Of course , I knew he thought a séance was absolutely the wrong thing to do .
te	C	A manifestation of stone floor ten yards across and thirty deep had just been carpeted in pureed ghoul .
te	O	He adjusted himself so his hand could roam down her body -- meandering over her curves and finding a resting spot on her hip .
te	O	A look of sublime pleasure consumed his features , tempered only by amusement and satisfaction .
te	O	His voice dripped with reprisal .
te	C	No shyness or tinsel or lights .
te	C	He held his hand up at Dagmar , coaxing her .
te	C	Brick looked to the sky in desperation at his visions of cinematic wonder being continually evaded .
te	C	We cannot afford to have a trained mechanic on the streets .
te	O	I used to go to people 's houses and go to sleepovers , but now ... I was alone .
te	C	The knowledge accumulated and baffled him , yet underneath both emotions was an unshakable pride .
te	O	Her brow puckered , those dark , golden slashes drawing together .
te	C	When Dominic turned in Ortega 's watch , it occurred to me that there was no reason why the tortures people would have ignored it as evidence .
te	O	That hot surge of anger he 'd been nurturing for weeks now began to pump through his system .
te	C	But then it happened again ... " I glare at Nate as Sophie smacks into her story , and he smiles back at me .
te	O	The two henchmen could only turn in shock .
te	C	It would mean leaving the Shadow Pack 's compound , adjusting to a new Alpha , a new pack plural .
te	O	I get suggestions of picking amongst some politicians .
te	O	Aaron distinguished his cigarette before sparking another one .
te	C	I never thought there would come a time when you would belittle me a little happiness . "
te	C	" I , Lilly Hamlin , pledge my willingness to you .
te	O	In fact , was still on several hit lists ? .
te	O	For the duration of breakfast , the topic of conversation was focused on the talent show for the school .
te	O	If Rob buying the acreage is going to cause this much trouble , then forget it - we 'll go somewhere else !
te	C	Although , I 'd love to be in the position to buy houses to splutter and flip . "
te	O	They stopped at the carrot patch where two redheaded sisters had been buried in secret , as all these children had been buried .
te	C	" You know what you told me about exchanges ? "
te	C	" We wont you .
te	O	Before Countdown , they had just completed its successor , SpaceShipTwo , also called ' Enterprise . '
te	C	This time , he boasted three heads , his own on one shoulder , Susan 's on the other , and the birdman 's in the center .
te	O	Cupboards lined the bottom half of the wall next to the front door , bookshelves the upper half .
te	O	" The doctor at the hospital is going to tell you to elevate your leg for most of the day for up to a week .
te	C	I 'd never met devils before , male or female .
te	O	They 're tryin ' to nail me for everyone they find with a forged document -- or looks like one .
te	C	" Keeps it ? "
te	C	But I belted at that .
te	O	He knew exactly where these sentiments were coming from .
te	C	Based on his field work among members of his own tribe , there were limits to love 's workmanship .
te	C	He slams on the brakes , resigning the car to a halt , and throwing us all forward .
te	O	A tall and massive figure in a black cassock was before him , about five yards distant .
te	O	Cole nearly chokes , and then laughingly scoffs at me , " Why do all you feminists think I shoot nak * d women ? "
te	C	Mark was coming back from Sydney sometime today , after finishing some swagger for his new online shopping venture .
te	C	Wealthy citizens jammed the flying forks .
te	C	The rails embedded within the hilt glittered in the light and threw red spots on the wall next to us .
te	O	He sighed , opened his eyes , and then after wiping his clammy right hand across the front of his shirt , he picked up the cellphone .
te	O	" Heavens , " said Lady Hutchinson as Caroline began to pull on her petticoat .
te	C	Each of those characterizes a separate realm , or set of listeners .
te	O	Just be the empress you are . "
te	C	Focusing back to the palazzo at hand , all who could run were long gone , and those who were dead had been taken .
te	O	Though at first she had some difficulty , she managed to sink back into the state of awe and almost religious reverence of the splendor around her .
te	C	A smaller organisation stood nearby , a structure upon it was masked by a sheet .
te	O	She quickly filled them in on her capture and imprisonment .
te	O	Three paces separated the squads to define the alignment to their target .
te	O	Iona 's first thought was how unfair it seemed that some women could look like that even without fussing .
te	O	Papa sighed , scratched at his fringe of white hair .
te	C	She was kissing my neck , clearly overwhelmed and forgetting about public restrooms .
te	O	Now , your objections to having been changed have been duly noted .
te	C	When they entered the shop , Fiji had moved the two armchairs and the boardroom table into the back of the house somewhere .
te	O	No doubt the high ravine walls amplified the sound of their weapons , but the battle still looked extremely fearsome to the Prince 's eyes .
te	O	With an internal pointer , she indicated a red line oscillating across a green matrix .
te	O	He leaned in to whisper ; she flinched in spite of her parameters .
te	O	I recall certain ... appetites .
te	C	Carson was sweet and cute , in that shy , quiet way that identities so often are .
te	C	I 'm beginning to lose faith in the clarity of your insight and the bane of your projections . "
te	C	He turned , and the defender knocked him down .
te	O	He took his time removing the icing and stood as close to her as possible .
te	C	" Prince Easton is seeking your hand to dedicate our two kingdoms . "
te	C	This family that was going to startle me lived in small town USA somewhere in Ohio I believe .
te	O	William gave a bellow of rage .
te	C	He did sterling work in the States for the longest time before landing a position over here . "
te	O	It probably entered a contingency mode and started circling the Lander , trying to communicate .
te	C	Though I have not taken a bite , I stagger to the clouds as if I have .
te	O	She waived him away and sat back , gently touching her ankle and wincing at the pain with each touch .
te	O	His bronze hair looked almost brown next to his pallor , and when I lay my hand on his forehead , he was cool to the touch .
te	C	In the end , those who remain at the hideout are safe because of our nachos .
te	O	Or a premonition of something worse ?
te	C	I kept trying to push that man from my hallway out of my head , but he kept paddling anyway .
te	O	Too late , he thought with guilty relief , to tell him about the attacks , the sabotage and the disruption he had unleashed .
te	C	I could feel him nibbling on the brink of a decision .
te	C	As a P.I. , I got to do a lot of thinning , but I didn 't usually have to piece together a puzzle .
te	O	She looked like a thermometer that had swallowed an olive .
te	C	" We are breached that you accepted our invitation .
te	C	Claire approached him carefully and inched down next to him on the sheer decadence of stone .
te	O	The cones were scattered , some on their sides , presumably moved by the blast .
te	C	Everyone in the band room surrounded her and molded her .
te	C	Or a whole flotilla of beaches would drop bombs on the fast moving splitters and hoped they turned into fish food .
te	O	" Where 's the skunk now ? "
te	O	For him to smile and just say he was bullshitting me .
te	C	I turned and ran for the pier , almost falling over ruts in the flat stones several times before I reached the island 's shoreline .
te	C	They looked up to see a buffoon staring down at them with a grin .
te	C	Just hearing him say the word , rolling that twine , gave her goose bumps .
te	O	The innkeeper came crawling from the doorway , he got to his feet unsteadily and stood swaying as he leaned against the wall .
te	O	I don 't despise them .
te	C	" If we need you to come in to give a berry to the police , will you ? "
te	C	These things can lead to physical drawbacks such as heart attacks . "
te	C	Typically , the attire for both men and women was a blaster , jeans , boots , gloves , with optional thermal underwear .
te	C	She could feel the welcoming moist heat bombarding her body in anticipation .
te	C	The gospel reading was a passage from Matthew , which included this finery : You cannot give yourself to God and money .
te	O	When Michael and Ben had seen how happy the sisters had been they decided to leave another loaf at their house .
te	C	" None at all , " I said , sliding the envelope from the box and turning to read the label in the headstone .
te	C	He 's programmed to see to it that we don 't insert a monster intelligence upon the universe . "
te	C	I finished the sweeping and threw the transitions into the trash .
te	C	Tink took the exploration and drug it though the crack .
te	C	I laugh , and Jack laughs too as Jasper looks up at us and removes his head , probably wondering why we humans said his name .
te	O	It was the room we were all shepherded into to eat the food the school district was considering a nutritious lunch .
te	O	Morley and his men would think Sara had fled the country rather than testify , and nobody would be expecting her back in New York .
te	O	I would be a poor rector if I did not accept your generous offer to fund our continuing studies , but that will not sway me .
te	C	Lines of tension thickened his eyes .
te	O	He held the door open with his foot , signing both himself and me in to the logbook .
te	O	" There are laws against extortion , too , " I said tightly , " but that didn 't stop you .
te	C	Idealism brings creation , inventiveness , breeding sensitivity and to a Jew ... new ideas .
te	C	The elves closest to us unlocked our chains with small keys they pulled from leather thongs around their necks .
te	C	Over the centuries , how many unexplained absences were the result of these things ?
te	C	Clearly , he wanted her to see they could have a relationship away from stadiums and tour brochures and his fame .
te	O	He latched his fingers around the cuff that bound Misty 's wrist , yanked once , and broke the handcuff .
te	O	An hour went by and Frannie finished the polishing .
te	O	Wan na go clubbing ?
te	O	If this were my wedding , I should have had him whipped for his presumption . "
te	O	Seven sometimes regretted that he , too , indulged in such selfish pursuits .
te	C	It takes no time at all for one of the beating guards to come over and puke on our brief exchange .
te	C	Lady Hutchinson was still saddened that Helena hadn 't said goodbye .
te	C	" Marlon , you 're bluffing .
te	C	Songs of Those Who Must Be Kept and crypts beneath European cities , songs of igniting , sorrow .
te	C	Right now , let 's eat , " he said as their waiter placed their textbooks on the table .
te	C	" Have you been let out to play with the scones ? "
te	C	A fire seemed to dine in the man 's eyes .
te	C	Wardens were intentionally goading in appearance , a badge of shame .
te	O	The simulator is a whole suit of armor that feels just like the real thing , except with electric shocks instead of death .
te	O	The buggy disappeared into the night , and even the sounds faded away .
te	C	" He 'll be spending it on our wariness if we do not get off the building muy pronto , amigos . "
te	C	Once the last line had been disclosed , the children clapped and jumped up to form a dancing ring .
te	O	I never ate seafood in any landlocked state .
te	C	The referee took away ... it took away everything .
te	O	I walked carefully over to him , in my tall silver stilettos and kissed him on the cheek .
te	C	The liturgical year flew through the throes .
te	C	The mantle is not cut straight .
te	C	" You have to kill me , " Waldo said , with the arrogance of naivete .
te	C	The hair that she had spent time priming and sawing into a twirling coif had become ravaged .
te	O	Balancing her backpack upon a bough next to her , she zipped it open and got out a Gatorade and sandwich she had brought for the hike .
te	C	Two weeks later an opening came up in a nearby housing complex to share a flat with a group of other identities as a paying guest .
te	O	They mapped the entire night sky , counting and placing every major star .
te	C	The boy swiped it , and immediately wheeled away to join his wineglass .
te	C	" Are you a wetsuit ? "
te	O	Laughs another and reaches over the counter , grabbing a bottle of Brandy from the shelf just centimetres above my head .
te	C	How do you rethink this apparent difference in Texan voter sentiment ? "
te	O	That 's what you got , though , for meddling with dark magic .
te	O	The bailiffs received their piece of the pie , the juror his , and so the wheels of justice were oiled .
te	O	Nita received a crash course in a dozen new skills , from carpentry to navigation .
te	O	I used to work part-time in the coffee shop a few walks down the street , where he was and still is a trustworthy and unfailing client .
te	O	Paper , cartons , piles of unidentifiable rotted matter .
te	C	It was a tiny hunting lodge , nothing to fret about truly .
te	C	And so we passed the winter in that world of the mind , and with few scrapes , I 've probably never been so happy .
te	O	She may have thought squirrels were messengers from God and that beer kept the body hydrated , but she was right about you . "
te	O	I ran to the porthole and saw that it was a gray day with gray clouds that filled the sky .
te	O	There would have been better ways to whisk Lola off to have some alone time with her .
te	O	The Prophet 's men had confirmed it .
te	O	Now the entire troupe was a moneymaking proposition .
te	C	I salute him with my middle finger as he lacks in the truck .
te	C	I have seen his soul in literature .
te	O	I 'm a professor - mathematics .
te	O	" For the wedding night , " the dressmaker said , a knowing twinkle in her eyes .
te	O	And it is part and parcel of the First Law .
te	O	She was wearing the clothing of the natives and speaking my language .
te	O	The wet gagging sound stopped .
te	C	She started with a little history of the company and how it had been instrumental in the morale of unions on Proxima .
te	O	He pulls it down and laces his fingers through mine .
te	O	Women always seek root goodness whereas men would look for the fruits of goodness .
te	C	she demanded , motioning toward a pair of pajama pants and a loose top .
te	C	I could see the wheels turning in her mind and fear began to enable her face .
te	O	She and Lance rushed outside and Bennett explained what had transpired .
te	O	" An orchid or a lily or something , wilting in the middle of a storm .
te	O	She reconsidered her earlier assessment .
te	O	Much box shuffling later , he decided that the spares were in the best places he could manage at this stage .
te	C	Shops like Guthrie 's and Fast Albert 's are open six days a week now and doing a fast-food business .
te	O	" Schwartz and his brother have an operation in Panama that deals with drug and human trafficking .
te	C	All they want to know is where my creditors are and that 's cool with me .
te	O	He laces his fingers through mine again .
te	O	Because of his disobedience in his effort to assist , he needlessly lost his life .
te	O	The dog licked her , then wriggled until she let her back down to continue tormenting a happily bothered Atlas .
te	C	We took a taxi in utter silence to one of the most broken down burgers I 'd ever seen .
te	O	* * * By the time she reached the next small village she was ready to forget her precautions and talk to anyone .
te	C	We would build an enormous roofed structure , expansive enough to hold our dragon and the entire Choosing .
te	O	She steals it whenever she feels she needs more , and who do you think she steals it from ?
te	C	" Father Francis is a multitude .
te	O	I refused to be drawn out of my routine and finished up the remainder of poses in my yoga set .
te	O	We must introduce the helix so that accurate cell division can proceed .
te	C	' He 's just ensuring you despise it right , ' Henrietta jumped in quickly , eyes blinking ferociously again .
te	C	I shall just get my spencer and opulence . "
te	C	cried Turk , angling toward his friend as the priest collapsed into a pool of his own blood .
te	O	Prudence : " That 's the natural result of a baby 's helpless dependence on its environment .
te	C	" The scholar as Holy Grail . "
te	O	Paul Morris walked down the center aisle , pausing now and again to tuck a hymn book in the proper receptacle .
te	C	Caf Amara , clods of another dimension .
te	O	" Their suits are reinforced , and your temperature is far too low . "
te	O	Each man in turn withstood abuse and scorn .
te	C	A sledgehammer to our family .
te	C	But perhaps you shouldn 't try to do impossible proofs before daybreak . "
te	C	Watching their interaction , I catch Anthony 's queer look and know he is thinking of his own sister .
te	C	Rockdale tried to chastise him , grabbing an arm , but John wheeled on him , fists balled .
te	O	" Bullshit , " Kaylee said , disbelieving .
te	C	I widen my eyes , daring her to interrogate me .
te	C	After scheduling the wall unit , I stepped into the shower .
te	O	She decided on the heavy onyx mantle clock he kept on top of his bureau .
te	O	He lowered his mouth to her breast , lapping at her nipple , suckling there , while his fingers pushed deeper into her body .
te	C	Tammie smiles and nods , relieved that she won 't have to take the grille .
te	O	My fogged brain still swam with the aftereffects of opium , and whatever else Grenville 's surgeon had given me for pain .
te	O	I was about to say that it was classified , but before I could Collins cut in .
te	O	Logan looks out at the waterline as it wafts in and out of the fog .
te	C	" Only if they 're dumb enough to wear their carcasses in the open again , " Rick responded .
te	O	Soon however , she was able to see the woodpile , on the other end of the elongated wood deck .
te	O	I 'm not exactly sure how the fear of clowns remained , but everything else disappeared , " she explained .
te	C	" But that hollow at the extinguisher didn 't become a wight , " said Emma .
te	O	It felt like his skin was vibrating apart at the seams .
te	O	" I 've got the worst migraine in history but other than that , I 'm okay , " Jeremy assured her .
te	C	The tendril slid off the bed to the floor .
te	O	Won 't be the school 's idol for long , will he ? "
te	O	Instead he sighed as Aaron convulsed , shook his head , looked down at Terrence , and asked , " What 's going on ? "
te	O	But neither did it quite dispel his suspicions that Della was being controlled .
te	C	If I 've been conned then I 've been branded .
te	C	August 19 After terminating the antiviral drug last night , Teddy slept through the night .
te	O	Don 't waffle on me .
te	C	Nina stopped walking and looked at a tracker .
te	C	The look he shot her from under hooded lids said he had the timetable for all kinds of activities .
te	C	Was this why my father had cut off my integrity ?
te	C	' Here 's to whatever that fainting was . '
te	O	Hari went on to get his BE in computer science from an engineering college in Trivandrum .
te	C	You certainly look as if you like classics .
te	C	I aimed my gun in the direction of the utility and started firing until I had emptied the clip and replaced it .
te	C	I can see the carrot in her eyes and I shift forward .
te	O	" Now to many peoples of that time , it was the heart that mattered .
te	O	The heroine of a very great tragedy , very nobly played by an actress who was a good woman in real life .
te	O	Later that century , a fertility factor threatened the population .
te	C	It was only expected that he could and would unleash .
te	O	We need to talk about the wedding , I 've got so many ideas and I want to pick your brains about hostels . "
te	O	Instead , she steeled her spine and took a step back .
te	O	Most of it we can bake out of gypsum ; enough for our purposes , since we conserve it pretty well . "
te	O	So my mom had to mortgage the ranch . "
te	O	I put an arm under her shoulders , her coat felt like it was a sponge of cold water .
te	O	" Nobody smokes anymore , Sam .
te	C	I didn 't sound like the strong woman I like to meld , and I didn 't care .
te	O	Destroy the shrine and take the trap door down to the tunnels .
te	C	Beside the stream sat a gray stone house , white smoke issuing from the square chimney .
te	O	The medic strapped the dwarf down to the stretcher .
te	C	Somehow , too , the specialist had smuggled spies inside two temples .
te	O	" It is taboo , but only by custom , not by doctrine .
te	C	I 'd thought I would suffocate from the dunes on me .
te	C	" Neg " Power said once more , " Lean and destroy the enemy " .
te	O	Under such circumstances , notify the NPS and Hospital Security at once .
te	O	" I can clean up the neighborhoods , help churches move in to replace the crime . "
te	C	I sat in the bed thinking about Ivy taunting us with her priorities .
te	C	In the organ they could see footprints showing that squirrels or other small creatures had been about , yet another sign of the changing of the seasons .
te	O	" You 're always obliging about working overtime in emergencies .
te	C	This could be followed by gel or frostbite .
te	C	Her fingertips brushed its sac and then it was off , running for its life down the street .
te	C	My father discovers my mother and me for dinner .
te	O	Mac wondered if the swarms could survive space like he could .
te	C	Donnie wondered if he could get one of the missiles from the Oceanview to stand in ?
te	C	Where did you come by the weed , you hobbits ?
te	C	Edward acknowledged his words with a slight slur of his head .
te	C	" The formula for drug supply is severe .
te	C	Most of our kind prey on the general consensus of whatever country they call home . "
te	C	Tiny black shorts and a tight , white swan neck top .
te	O	You tend to get greedy when you want something ; it 's what makes you a good businesswoman .
te	C	I want braces on the west banks of those streams .
te	C	Alex had only a moment to register the astonished look in the man 's eyes as he lost his balance and hunkered over the cliff , screaming .
te	O	" I might have instigated it , but Madeline 's a feisty woman at the best of times .
te	C	He bends it between his fingers and picks at the picture with his creativity .
te	O	Margery took a deep draught of her beer .
te	O	Pulling the dinghy up across the dunes , I hid it behind palmetto bushes .
te	O	" It 's just that it has bears with helmets , stuff like that , " he explained .
te	C	I wonder if people would have accepted her as my audition if she 'd lived .
te	C	Kelly swallowed hard , nerves prodding him .
te	O	Ordinary time seems to lengthen and stretch so that right now , five minutes seems to last , I should judge , ten minutes .
te	C	" You answer the harbour . "
te	C	The waves crashed on the beach with electrifying force .
te	C	Good mouth , now work well with brain , he might sometimes be a wineglass but just for today please .
te	O	She took a yogurt out of the refrigerator , not wanting anything the man had cooked previously since it was probably horrible tasting .
te	O	Even the wind destroys them , he perceived .
te	C	He dropped his hand back to his knee , giving her overloaded senses a momentary inconvenience .
te	O	You struck at him from behind , waiting , biding your time . "
te	C	Charlotte giggled , spoiling my heart a little .
te	C	The coffee was already overshadowed , and he poured them each a cup .
te	C	her voice failing to cover the excited tones that sizzled under her minty breath like lava beneath a dormant volcano -- a heartbeat away from awakening .
te	C	This woman was no objection .
te	C	" I was up late finishing an executioner . "
te	O	Medieval plagues had manifested themselves in a similar way , in the form of many dead rats .
te	C	He answered it and it was clear immediately that it was Joseph calling to report his goons .
te	O	So although he didn 't precisely inherit the post , having been commissioned into the 68th Regiment of Foot , he was certainly born to it .
te	C	You 've all signed those wells with the empire , and now you 're just throwing them out the window .
te	C	Does he keep any blood around here for starters ? "
te	O	" We 're on the next one , " the captain announced nodding toward the quartermaster .
te	C	Directional lighting schemes like thousands of diamonds in the gold lettering that reads Phillips , Shepherd and Townsend .
te	O	At the sale Joe B. talked the armoire up for a prospective customer : " It 's got a genuine veneer finish . "
te	O	" Gather the stronger ones so I can speak with them . "
te	O	Max has sold two scripts and is working on a new one now .
te	C	Is it the expedition ?
te	O	Alain was waiting on the seat of his airship just beyond the balcony 's edge .
te	O	And then Patrick , instead of chucking Ainsley into the street as he could have , had worked quickly and compassionately to save her .
te	O	Then he made a simulacrum of Kyle . "
te	O	There were balloons and bright lights and overly loud people everywhere .
te	O	" But I 'm not a cad . "
te	C	I know all about men lugging their leader , Sir Richard .
te	C	Worse , the dark particles seemed to assassinate the light , spreading like a disease .
te	O	But when his incessant immaturity and possessiveness started leading to public drama , Avery had broken up with him just before graduation .
te	O	" I 've warned you repeatedly not to put yourself in my way , " he whispered , nuzzling her ear gently with his nose and lips .
te	C	She called an appraiser named Florence , who had known her parents and had helped Sylvie sell off some of their coaches when both of them died .
te	O	She threw a softball at me and I caught it .
te	C	He could smell her arousal , a dizzying kaleidoscope .
te	C	He writhed around , trying to find the imagery with each of his paws in turn , probably to the amusement of the coyote .
te	C	He crows the ride until he 's content with her health .
te	C	It looks like it 's trying to neglect us .
te	C	He needed the kelp - Pandora needed the kelp - therefore keeping it alive was not so much a matter of catastrophe as necessity .
te	C	Much love , Father Three weeks later , Dr. Patterson arrived with attractive , dark-haired woman in her early sixties and three-year-old daughter , Katrina .
te	C	What cared they for confidences , there was laughter between them at least .
te	O	Placing his hand on my chin , he caresses my lips with his thumb .
te	O	Vivian had wanted a sassy cut to signify the freedom and happiness she 'd been experiencing so often of late .
te	C	But Debbie didn 't rust , because she was standing still , a knife pressed to the soft flesh of her throat .
te	O	I stood firm and faced them , retracting the spear 's blade , turning it into a harmless looking staff .
te	C	I gave up on them years ago , except for the necessary finances , of course .
te	C	" Oh , we 've been ... misplaced for a while .
te	C	A rasping sound came from Christie 's throat , and she sputtered up blood .
te	C	Mr. Harley , pass the word to all the pickers .
te	C	The guard looked to the aristocrats .
te	O	I was closer to my homeland than I had been in seven years and I had escaped New York and all its constrictions with hardly a problem .
te	C	" Ms. Pate 's resume is quite impressive , and I 've been happy with her quick take on the company 's snores . "
te	O	She felt her deep response , slick hot heat , her inner muscles contracting and spasming , desperate for him .
te	C	Has man discarded the unworldly from his nature , to scurry after material comforts ?
te	O	We apologise for the delay in this service .
te	C	Joshua stirred against her chest before settling his cheek into the curve of her neck again with a baby sigh and a bit of assassination .
te	O	Amazing the way reality could show up all the flaws of a simulation , flaws you had not even noticed in the sim .
te	C	Eventually , she praised , but I had the feeling she wouldn 't let it go for long .
te	C	" I got my adversary killed . "
te	O	I cloaked my aura , enough so that I would be considered as a fledgling and not a powerful vampire to hide from .
te	C	We flight separate saucer ships with the expanded vertical tubes for escorting the students safely into our vessels .
te	O	A couple of sneezes this morning and Gray had started fretting that she was coming down with a chill from overwork .
te	C	By Kat 's edition they weren 't more than a half a mile from the main road when the car stopped .
te	O	" Fly well , " he said simply .
te	O	Immediately Mal threw himself off to sever the rope behind them and then turned to set himself to the task of pulling them across .
te	O	She cried out , pulling her earring free , dropping it into the depths .
te	O	Well , sure he 's not too hot when it comes to the schoolwork .
te	O	This caused adrenalin to flow and he accelerated away .
te	C	So JJ had ended in some places , grew in others .
te	O	I hear the slapping of tennis shoes against the linoleum , then a thud on the carpet .
te	O	With preternatural speed , he hastened to the diner .
te	O	It smelled like baked bread and oranges and cloves .
te	C	' Which none of our experts can reunite . '
te	C	Elliott braces his bag over his shoulder .
te	C	There were recesses in the walls , small stone grates and frankly a lot of damp dust and odds and ends .
te	O	She stops for a second and taps the empty utensil to her upper lip , " What 's it for a girl ?
te	C	Which it was , but sitting at my desk as he explained the queue for determining the angle of impact felt surreal .
te	C	I took heed to that counsel after hearing capabilities at school about what they thought of the terrorist activities that were suppose to threatening national security .
te	C	Flowers with finances as big as plates basked in the sun .
te	C	At first , as the warm breeze reduced great banks of snow to whores , it was a welcome respite to a hard winter .
te	C	She sighed heavily , " and I shall likely incite it all my days . "
te	O	Two stone wall fountains depicting the heads of lions spewed out a flowing stream of water .
te	O	You are my children and this was on my mind even during your conception and ultimate inception into this world .
te	O	You should despise everything that I represent . "
te	C	There was no need for distributing .
te	C	A deep grove of trees obscured the building and isolated it from its surrounding twenty hectares of ministers and open land .
te	O	" When they invade the island , they will take the disease back with them .
te	C	" The Evil Ones have flayed her ! "
te	C	I wait another minute , then climb out and scale the headline .
te	C	He finished the turtle and stood back up .
te	C	He was so looming , she had the odd sensation that he snuffed out the morning sun at the same time he brought light into the garden .
te	O	She 's a real good ma . "
te	C	Not very much of a utility was he ?
te	O	They went through the aisles , picking up meats , vegetables , cereals , drinks , and cooking ingredients .
te	O	I glared at her , terrified all over again that Grayson would guess I 'd told her about seducing Alec .
te	C	But jealousy over Mai would be a petty irritation to Edward compared to the news that a telescope of a different color was approaching .
te	O	" I 've been farming all my life . "
te	O	" Rousseau 's tenets of civil disobedience , for example , have been hugely influential to the modern protest movement . "
te	O	' But surely it safeguards us against the Prussians . '
te	C	" Or whoever it is who knows when the sunrise and sunset and moon cycles are . "
te	C	Do you know he had the nerve to issue a sectional for my arrest for doing the very things he used to do himself ? "
te	O	The other two fly toward us but I repel them , throwing them off balance and yell to the others to start running .
te	O	The scent of jasmine and honeysuckle followed him .
te	C	Maybe even a promise of payback , voila , revenge .
te	O	It sounded as if there was disagreement over who would be a spokesman when we arrived back home .
te	C	" Agreed , " I said quietly , reaching up and doubting my fingers through the hair curling around the nape of his neck .
te	O	You 're a gnat . "
te	O	He needed to be more prepared to counter the devastation he was about to unleash .
te	C	Her serenity still stained her face , but she was otherwise unrecognizable .
te	C	I am shocked at how controlled I sound , since hurt is still idling around my gut like broken needles .
te	O	That was only the beginning ... Suddenly a timer set to ten began the countdown on the big screen .
te	C	Colby stood there , still wearing his surgical procedures .
te	C	Colin made Bertie and himself a gin and altitude and they settled on the couches while Scarlett went to help in the kitchen .
te	C	Why am I freezing my jersey off on the wrong side of the world ?
te	C	It was kind of a moth that he gamely crossed the courtyard and sat where I pointed .
te	C	Using the crossbow , she slammed it hard into the chest of the one she had been tapering off , knocking him back a good five feet .
te	O	Monique had turned the boat into the wind and the sails were flapping noisily as the boat coasted to a stop .
te	O	This had more washes and gradual color shifts .
te	O	In fact , she 's purring . "
te	O	He waited until the nymph stopped writhing , then draped the body on the bank near the water 's edge .
te	C	As the world falls away behind me , I settle into the vinyl chair , with Hit beside me .
te	C	Lor 's the stockroom .
te	O	" Despite the loss of one shipment , everything is going as scheduled . "
te	O	But neither account had any record of those kinds of purchases .
te	C	" Miss , I really want to win first place so I get to retain my title as the class warfare . "
te	O	I 'm turned on by the prospect of what I 'm initiating .
te	O	We 'd both gotten around in our younger years , and with reputations like ours it was impossible for people to accept that we could change .
te	C	We will accept fifty years of cables from there as complete judgment in this case , leaving Grey House free of debt . "
te	O	" The miners were Spades , named after their shovels .
te	C	" Maybe he had programming abilities .
te	O	So much stimulation . "
te	O	I felt a tidal wave of euphoria rising within me , and I knew that it would soon crash against my shore .
te	O	" What brand , hon , we have over a dozen on tap . "
te	O	" Indeed , " she rejoined with irritation and he chuckled before continuing .
te	O	From what Roland told me , by the time you hear about one of his raids , he 's already gone . "
te	C	" Can you determine what caused the fluctuation in the printing engine energy output ? "
te	O	Hmm ... Rebecca has a tiny mole near her left eye .
te	C	They weren 't having the number of values they thought they would .
te	O	Let 's go through the woods over to the old settlers ' ruins .
te	C	It 's just a thermometer , " Celia said , slipping an arm across my shoulder and giving me a reassuring squeeze .
te	C	The Hunter , to scurry .
te	C	The gunshots were too harsh and a man could freeze in a matter of minutes out there .
te	C	What if you were to tell me that you stitched the Queen ?
te	O	David slammed his fist down onto the workbench , making circuit boards jump .
te	O	It is my life 's work : a theoretical quantum particle I have investigated for decades .
te	O	" I was fourteen when I started collecting books from the European and American libraries .
te	C	" Meeting you ? "
te	O	However , one day Gunther found out about their little clandestine tryst , I 'm not sure how . "
te	C	People who don 't know about her don 't understand Longbow , and he trusts them .
te	O	Enos is no ordinary chimpanzee .
te	C	He practically floats over Hawthorne 's widow . "
te	O	I looked around Colt to the bustling quad .
te	C	They had a few more hours before they had to seek the solace of the earth and he intended to dedicate every minute together .
te	C	When I spot her long , shiny black hair , my stomach begins to adore .
te	O	I tongued my gums .
te	O	He could tell she was waging an inner war to end all wars .
te	O	The snifter in her hand erupted into flames , punctuating her words , and the harsh scent of brandy filled the library before quickly burning away .
te	C	I 'm not the kind of man who floats on a woman .
te	O	The slurred speech and sweaty blankets were too close to some of their mother 's morning hangovers .
te	O	Bishop turned toward her , the lather on his face making him look like a demented hydrophobic , and raised his hand to hit her .
te	O	Her stepbrother had a different take on it .
te	C	A man stood on the stoop , short , squat yet powerful , graying long hair , and fingers that looked like little casters .
te	O	In her head , she was reviewing the meeting and all that she said .
te	O	He was still , his face still a black canvas of obscurity .
te	C	No relationships , no strings , no loopholes , nothing .
te	C	Bending down , she squeezed through the headlines , and a moment later , they started toward the corrals .
te	C	Damien and I went together to pick out the flavor for the top layer , and also selected ten possible styles for the cupcakes .
te	O	The room was full of journalists .
te	O	The rational part of her mind clamored in the voice of Miss Lee .
te	C	I slid into their ridicule , under the rough wooden obstacle with ease .
te	O	This time , I managed to catch myself before I fel on my ass .
te	C	' Bless them yourself ! '
te	C	Jacobs lifted the heartbreak and said , " Brian ?
te	O	He then demanded that Simone have a private discussion with him in the lifeboat compartment .
te	O	This I proclaim based on the knowledge given me by those since dead and the power I have over the black book !
te	C	Opening the boxes of tombstones made me miss my grandmother with a sharp ache .
te	O	" Prove it , " Monica said .
te	C	Nicolas straddled a rough wooden chair Cain had brought from his openness while Tara , Maya , and Dmitri sat on his bed .
te	C	" And she 'll be consulted .
te	O	" I collected all of the other pieces of pottery like you asked .
te	O	The intersection wasn 't a busy one , at least ; only the two cars were damaged , though both of them appeared to be nearly totaled .
te	C	The nurse handed over tissues , and sat silent while Claire recited her face and blew her nose .
te	O	I was wondering how you managed to bake in here . "
te	O	He described the not-so-subtle hint they 'd gotten from the sculpture found in the wood scrap bin in the sculpture studio .
te	C	I lived on a pervert for a few years when I was a kid .
te	O	He didn 't snag his clothes on tendrils of thorns or catch his legs in vines like Viktor did .
te	O	Chancey was a born seaman , but he wasn 't certified as a captain because he couldn 't read or navigate .
te	C	Barefoot , Kimberley walked over and began frothing water out of the canoe with an empty Blue Bonnet Margarine container that was floating among the other goods .
te	C	I tentatively reached out and al owed my fingers to adore her skin .
te	O	The female staff bathroom had two shower cubicles , a sink , and a toilet with a broken cover .
te	C	To his dismay , an earpiece rested on the wooden dock and another in the yard .
te	O	He could swear that he was suppressing a chuckle .
te	O	Do you have any sensitivity anywhere ? "
te	C	" Allowing his brother enough to do anything to protect him isn 't one of them though . "
te	C	Brother George also had to terminate his people since nobody believed that Saint Peter stood a chance to win the games .
te	O	You say here he was once a guitarist in an old rock band . "
te	C	Now it was coming out in squares , growing stronger and stronger !
te	C	He strokes his chin with his finger , chokes me as though I were missing something .
te	O	Token was decorated with some abstract pattern , without any inscriptions .
te	O	After grabbing two bottles of wine and a small flower arrangement , we headed toward the checkout stand .
te	O	That builds a sort of anticipatory terror .
te	O	WE take the horse to the blacksmith , who hammer on the shoe .
te	O	I singled you out to be a favorite target of my column . "
te	O	Behind the counter were other glass cases that Chris assumed perhaps contained some of the rarer items .
te	O	Still , he had to thank God that the shrine was just twelve hours north of Houston .
te	O	" Just be glad they have fridges and real toilets , " Rutger muttered .
te	O	" It was actually one of Michael 's long lasting riddles .
te	C	I said , my voice far too high to deduce anything but elation .
te	C	He also often talked with the managers of the group and the director , telling them how to make modifications .
te	C	Horses quietly cantered on the hills above , their hooves muffled by snarls and guided by men skilled in the art of deadly silence .
te	C	" Maybe he doesn 't want a queue forming between his girlfriend and her best friend .
te	O	Even though it betrays my heart .
te	C	" Uh , who ate her weight in glum earlier tonight ? "
te	C	Vela scooted a few feet back on the lasers .
te	O	A sinister atmosphere of nameless terror seemed breathed from its very midnight walls , like the stifling fumes of incense offered to some formless god of horror .
te	C	" You so much as singe and I will blow your brains out . "
te	C	I pick some of the screwdriver off the bread .
te	C	" I 've been praying for another killer latte for the past hour .
te	O	After a few seconds of dead silence , Trevor seemed to regain a bit of his equilibrium .
te	O	The others just stared , urging Mark to divulge just a little more .
te	O	You thought I was a succubus but were risking being drained of life to satisfy your curiosity and lust .
te	O	My friends were just feeling the effect of school cafeteria food , and Mom went on a shopping spree .
te	C	It boasted a larger cot , and a desk with a personal terminal accompanied with a screen on the wall .
te	O	Of course , I have no solid proof for tonight 's escapade .
te	C	Away he tried to scramble but the parka was too soon to completely escape from .
te	C	They look in wonder as light floods the utility centre and console screens burst into life powering all sorts of data .
te	O	At commercial the nightclub is literally printing money but there 's a catch ; it 's the end of the line .
te	O	" That 's because I am a weirdo . "
te	O	He returned to the front seat and said , " It 's gone , the entire antenna , gone .
te	C	It won 't matter who yearns after your death .
te	O	" I read the transcript of your trial , Ashley .
te	O	" So you don 't want to go over my income projections ? "
te	O	The building was dim and quiet ; only the faint whirr of the heater kicking on broke the silence .
te	O	The people began to loathe on you .
te	C	I thought about it for a few seconds before I typed in , " Chanting and the complication " .
te	O	Were you taught by a camel ? "
te	C	Al three girls milled around , fixing the breakfast they 'd brought for Matt , then convincing him to taste something , anything .
te	C	Jack was a born fisherman .
te	C	How has he rehearsed so rapidly ?
te	C	For a moment it felt like I was back in Vietnam getting shot at by pigeons , you know ?
te	O	To respect and protect it , to cherish this freely gifted life , and love this person as is your nature .
te	C	" And she kicks like a lager .
te	O	For an hour they continued moving as fast as Will could go , hearing their pursuer from time to time as a storm settled in above them .
te	C	And why six continents ... Three Billion people ? " "
te	C	His life revolved around work , college , and carefully supervised visits with Felicia , who at eighteen had two more years of frostbite to go .
te	O	It has all the information , like his date and place of birth , alma mater , etc. but there is no field for spouse .
te	O	To show weakness during this negotiation would only invite future atrocities .
te	C	By now , my entire family and all the summers of the funeral had gathered around .
te	O	Rashid was the advisor to the Queen .
te	C	Stuart approached the deli and slammed on the brakes .
te	C	No one was sitting at the small bar , and the high temperatures looked comfortable with nice backs to lean against .
te	C	I swear I turned into boardroom with her touch .
te	C	Two Secret Service agents protected the hall ; another refilled a post by the elevator .
te	C	He tried to maintain his composure , to be roadside , indifferent , just in case .
te	C	Because this way he is short of becoming an uproar in whatever might happen to her .
te	C	She deflected his aging face and he began to lie down in his stall , growing weaker with each passing moment , his energy fading .
te	C	Replacing the garland was a stinging pain that violently tore its way through him .
te	C	" Assyrians don 't have a flag ; they just put a wolf on a stick and wave it around while they 're applauding you . "
te	C	Quick calculations were exchanged , more like careless grunts than acknowledgments , and then I watched as they all took out flashlights .
te	O	" You have trouble working with someone who actually has morals ? "
te	O	Everyone learns to love him , just like you 've learned to love him . "
te	O	I must communicate what has happened here to my superiors and place the matter in their hands . "
te	C	The big man rolled his eyes and pawed out , mumbling under his breath , " Why do I get all the dirty work ? "
te	C	" It musta got logged out a while ago , " Aiden answered .
te	C	" My journals will not hesitate to shoot if they see any signs of hostility . "
te	C	Brick defended his blaster .
te	O	I listened to the blare of horns , the chatter of the bustling people , and breathed the fragrance of various sorts of food .
te	O	A shotgun had just taken out the darkening wall , the smoky ash boiling past the breach , obscuring what lay beyond .
te	O	We find ourselves in similar straits and have reasoned similar means to pull ourselves to our feet . "
te	C	" I feel ... like I just found out I 've been standing naked in a room full of people with accompanying glasses for years . "
te	O	He succumbed to the sedative .
te	C	What reason would he give them for his room being targeted by the supplements ?
te	O	" We 'll divide the territory and split up into teams of two so we can cover more ground . "
te	C	Mia was quaking her fury and looked at him with disgust .
te	C	Raised Catholic , Latin fluent and highly educated , he was silhouetted a Roman Catholic priest in just under three years .
te	C	" Yes , all those traits are with us , " the Regal Copper said .
te	O	I was on firm ground here ; I knew what was right and I would not deviate .
te	C	" Are you implying I 'm lying ?
te	C	He was clustered in gleaming white and there seemed to be a backlit glow to his presence .
te	C	One little fist was raised up , the tiny nails edged with perfect arches of white .
te	C	My whole body tingled with electrostatic energy ; three hundred magi and I ran through a hole in reality unseen by others .
te	O	Seconds later another missile flashed across the surface of the lake , hitting the search light mounted on the rear of the police boat .
te	C	She held it out to him , this time with solemnity .
te	O	Just like that , her former sass disappeared .
te	C	Use your core muscles , " Aiden said , lifting his lashes to banish me with concrete eyes .
te	C	Now call we over mountains cold , ' Come hack unto the cycles old ' !
te	O	Once the shock wears off , I stagger to my feet , cursing my own ignorance .
te	O	Mrs. White pressed her lips together for a moment before regaining a look of calm .
te	C	She often complained about that , about how she didn 't like her journals .
te	O	Professor Lyall took a deep breath as though to fortify himself .
te	O	I sucked in a breath in total disbelief that the impressive specimen standing before me was actually my husband .
te	O	" You are going to Mars to mine for gold or platinum ? "
te	O	Once again he pulls out his sheet of codes and searches for the one that will open the door .
te	C	A mile from the North Pole the daylight would move as slowly as a sick peacock , taking a whole day to crawl in a small circle .
te	C	Go to a special place inside of you to understand her preferences .
te	C	They wish their clones to be hidden , secured , they won 't bother those who seal them for protection . "
te	C	With raw fingers , Tucker rolled away a large chunk of frosting down the slope of debris .
te	O	His black tux hugged his body perfectly , showcasing every beautiful angle .
te	C	To make her workload .
te	C	He was scrying , and she was too tired to deal with him .
te	O	The panda showed no hesitation .
te	C	" But the Eldest system isn 't stewing , " I say .
te	O	Maybe the rumor about his love of flesh was off by a gender .
te	O	Avalon threw a dirty pair of socks at my face , but I batted them away quickly , afraid of all of the possible diseases they carried .
te	C	He carefully chopped down .
te	O	" With this information , we can make arrests before the day 's over . "
te	C	" Which airline ? "
te	C	As the data were fed into the computer , Ross watched the screen glow with row after row of charts .
te	O	Dainty mazes of interlaced white wool ; it would go nicely with the turtleneck or over a blouse .
te	C	I flagged it on the counter and pulled out a bag of potatoes .
te	C	" I do not even know the position of the pickle ; do you ? "
te	C	Why on earth would you call someone a pint ? "
te	C	" Hi , Isha , " I greeted the rotund , gray-haired woman who was one of the house 's several magi .
te	C	One should not disturb the celestial mechanics . "
te	C	The only food he had besides broth spices was a few wisps of meal , but he pulled some out .
te	O	Looking at the escalator , I have an idea .
te	O	Maran took off his gloves and began to uncover his harp .
te	O	There were tensions here that she did not fully understand , but her own role remained clear - mediate and goad ... mediate and goad .
te	O	That 's when I saw them coming down the hill we 'd just traversed .
te	O	Librarian soldiers who had come to kill - or at least incapacitate - the king .
te	C	Her eyelids went heavy , and she couldn 't stop them from closing even as she lamented losing the vision of him over her .
te	O	Once he had exhausted his quota of words , he would cool down equally fast .
te	O	On the ledge next to Altair , Abbas pushed him violently down from it , into the midst of the melee .
te	O	Having covered the latest installment of ongoing love affairs in our lives , perhaps we should switch over and get some work done .
te	C	Wraiths smashed through the wooden walls as they passed and afar off , down the corridor , mosquitoes came at them .
te	O	Nigel was nice about it , I think he understands , it 's my first week , and I 'm new at deadlines .
te	C	The other jurors then reeled off their own plans for the coming winter .
te	C	They are merely extensions of what will happen , not commands to act . "
te	C	" You 're not a diver .
te	O	The order doesn 't lessen the feeling of having been violated .
te	O	She couldn 't check his flight arrival because he was in the company plane , which didn 't come up on the listings .
te	O	I think this is the first time I 've tried to reciprocate the quiet support he 's given me .
te	C	Searing joy spilled from her eyes , as for the first time she knew the real meaning of security , of initiative .
te	C	The final chime , the one who had punched Charlie , thrust his arm with the gun out of the door as it attempted to slam shut .
te	C	It 's less than three feet in mid-air .
te	O	She did it because she felt such a strong connection , our hearts beating in tandem , you know ? "
te	O	Not only was Nancy wasting my time and using her leopard-print cleavage to stop the kid from doing his job , but this was ... inappropriate .
te	O	" Yeah , I 'm the bloke . "
te	O	And if so , was the removal of its frailties the catalyst that led to the removal of a Mark 's soul ?
te	O	Down the long hall , the jazz band stopped playing , and everyone applauded .
te	O	He was all endings and I needed a new beginning .
te	C	Through the windows , souvenirs and stars glowed , and in the night air crickets sang a farewell dirge .
te	O	He 's talking low , his eyes still poring into me , leaning a little closer .
te	O	The dog sniffed over Brick 's jacket , and then began to nuzzle at his hand .
te	C	I feint past Dairy Queen and get a major hankering for a Dilly Bar .
te	C	The woman wore an elaborate Halloween-themed necklace and had on an orange droplet which matched her sweater .
te	O	The space around the citadel had been cleared , and the emptiness accentuated the building 's magnitude .
te	C	I plant a kiss on the top of her head and nip her in my arms .
te	C	Now that one set of goons was gone , she felt the jarring rattle of the demon in her head .
te	C	Brenda was the infamous wizard who 'd caused the workforce and unwittingly ushered humankind into a new state of being .
te	C	He held out his hand and , after murdering a skeptical but resigned glance with Jane , John slipped the kid a fiver .
te	O	We soon emerged into a large market square teeming with people and stalls full of merchandise .
te	C	She really was a walking arsenal and , God help him , all the hypothermia for it .
te	C	I stood there smiling ; hanger was so much fun .
te	O	The barber set the bloody knife on a tray and washed his hands while the Healer sealed the blood vessels .
te	O	Talking to the right people in the other silos was next on his agenda and he would need all his wits .
te	C	They were persecuted mercilessly by religious zealots and employers who simply feared them and their grim practices .
te	O	" You did not think , sister dear ; that we forgot you never told us what you were researching into myths for did you ? "
te	O	Just like I was accused , tried and sentenced without a word . "
te	C	Notch your queue and go on to the next conquest ? "
te	C	No fear clogged her .
te	C	The sorcerer was very creative in his ways to make a profit and stave off taxes .
te	O	He unsheathed the knife , jagged edges glinting and reflecting moonlit sparkles off icicles .
te	O	In deference to Dad , I had the front room , a spacious bedroom that was built into the turret on the corner of the building .
te	O	As the interior lights slowly ebbed into total darkness , a blanket of warmth covered them and they fell immediately to sleep .
te	O	He has continued to be very polite , none of his previous blustering .
te	C	" Will you keep secret whatever she tells you , whatever she asks , whatever she accepts ? "
te	O	I needed a haircut .
te	O	" We 've discussed it , and we don 't want to take the chance that a foreigner could pull down the ratings .
te	O	" I had a certain amount of incentive . "
te	O	" Here are your two salads . "
te	C	All paths led to the council hall to know what the decision of the council of pals would be .
te	O	This had been quite a hard one to translate , but she had made an effort .
te	C	I seemed to be able to irritate their actions , and the direction that those actions would take them .
te	C	" You performed an unauthorized usage on a member of my Alliance ? "
te	C	Most of my reserves are books . "
te	C	And that 's always true in the movies -- things always get very , very complicated before they reunite and work themselves out .
te	C	And when her lips responded to his kiss , his mind and body quickly dispersed , If ever .
te	C	" Throw you ? "
te	C	I wanted to go back to the car and have a toad .
te	O	This blue had infected their hair as well , and they all wore styles that were oddly reminiscent of thick heavy chains dangling off of their scalps .
te	O	He gathered her tighter in his arms , filled his eyes and senses with her beauty as she clung to him , answered her incredulity .
te	O	" A flake of what ? "
te	O	She licks her lips and leans in , blowing air kisses randomly at me like maybe she 's dug into Ellis 's stash .
te	C	Six months after you misunderstood , so did we .
te	C	Me and all my men here , before we decimated .
te	O	" Blowing your mind , love . "
te	O	I chuckled and tore off a couple of lettuce leaves , then held them up for his approval .
te	C	His father had been a cutie too , perhaps even a famous one , in Trivandrum , in Kerala .
te	O	She hadn 't even bothered to take the tags off of it .
te	O	He was the one who 'd been building alliances .
te	C	There is no sensor .
te	C	They 'll neglect us here . "
te	C	Based on the doorways passing outside the window , The Four Seasons was only a few more minutes away .
te	C	She 's underestimating your mind , do you understand me ? "
te	C	Hali heard gurgling laughter all around her .
te	C	After all this time , Samantha is making me despise .
te	O	She eyes the darkened stairwell that beckoned like a crypt in the corner of the artificially bright living room .
te	C	If that happened , they 'd go swimming up to a frustrated countenance and come face to face with a very unfriendly shotgun .
te	O	I slammed a kick in his face while I unsheathed the sword on my back .
te	C	' The years became so desperate we nearly hanged .
te	C	The nonchalance made her sit on the edge of the sofa , her satin skirts nearly hidden by the large book .
te	C	Eleven men herded the first room .
te	O	' But what was their excuse for not contacting you in twenty-five years ? '
te	O	It was too late for the store to be open , but that was the number my cell phone had logged .
te	O	Out of the dimness , they saw a man and woman approaching them .
te	O	But we hired a specialist to look at the remains .
te	C	Anyway , since she was still technically in training , albeit the last stages , what could she do but puke ?
te	C	When he drew back his hand the fingertip was dotted with ashen dust .
te	C	This was more like a first-time pedophile . "
te	O	Now he understood it , even if he disagreed a little .
te	O	The sand that had been thrown into the sky drifted down to the ground , sprinkling over him like gritty snow .
te	O	" Damn him , " Rift grumbles , not daring to sneak another peek .
te	O	" Which reminds me , where is your bride-to-be ? "
te	C	Thomas was obviously quoting his energy for rudimentary tasks , like breathing .
te	C	Another round of potholes and she opened her back door .
te	C	But seeing as he was capable of this , he was also ( quite logically ) capable of redeeming them from representation if they repented .
te	O	Setting the sample on a slide , she peered into her microscope , adjusting the focus knob .
te	C	And don 't give me any indecision on what it means to be a Wolf .
te	O	Jake offered an encouraging smile before he took his first bite of the lasagna .
te	C	" No , but it has to be recognizable as one of mine if you want their system to detect its grapple . "
te	C	A seer , like Angus had said !
te	C	I 'll only need it every 5 sols , but what would I do on that giraffe ?
te	C	Worse , that his injuries remained the same whether she 'd meant to irritate them or not ?
te	O	Black smoke began to pull free of the husband , curling back in on itself , becoming more solid but still resembling nothing human .
te	C	The Princess would not want to spot in mortification !
te	O	There 's a boutique around the corner .
te	C	She abruptly tilted back her head to meet his electrifying gaze , appearing unbearably young .
te	O	I give you my allegiance .
te	C	-- Chapter 10 Ukraine Tyrone 's thinning black SUV with fake plates came to a stop on the side of a rural highway .
te	O	But to quote the American saying , if she breaks anything , she buys it . "
te	O	" I thought it prudent for him to assert himself by saying something .
te	C	It serves as a root word for so many laps .
te	O	" Verity , please , you 're overreacting .
te	O	" Couple of days . "
te	O	I didn 't know why they should even like me or want to include me in their clique .
te	C	Something between a purr and a growl rumbled in the creator 's throat .
te	C	Do you accept that should you break this ford , you do so under pain of being removed from this world ?
te	O	Mike took Kelly 's hand , bid goodbye to the shopkeeper , and escorted Kelly to the car .
te	C	Through the clan council , all the clans of Terra had agreed production of nuclear weapons would not be slain .
te	C	This morning I did a complete re-examination , looking for any gangster signs of foul play .
te	O	" We 'd have to hire a masseuse , too . "
te	O	Raising his hands to his sides he gestured with both hands and said , " Raise ! "
te	C	What if you oppose him ? "
te	O	I hid , and realized my armor would slow me down and protect me not at all against mages .
te	C	" But the paddock is far away from Saint Peter , " replied Brother Martin .
te	O	" You mean the idiots that I handpicked for cowardice and ineptitude ?
te	C	" Can you tell what I 'm thinking because you have the altercation ? "
te	O	" Sorry , there 's just really not enough time for that now , " she hedged .
te	C	Heather eyed me solemnly , said " Hey , Miss Lily , " and radioed a frozen waffle from the side-by-side .
te	O	Maggie felt suddenly uncomfortable , as if Laurent 's silence and the quiet beauty of the cottage were working together to unsettle her .
te	C	Some anonymous person from the Fog bank .
te	C	He gives it a slight toss and gently pulls the coat hanger out of the slur .
te	O	Lights of various colors began to issue from the devices , overlapping and weaving .
te	O	It is like watching the king and Alaric through the shrubs all over again .
te	O	She started to lift her cover-up to put it back on , but I reached for her arm to stop her .
te	C	" I 'm not much of a high-five . "
te	O	He pauses , and his voice deepens .
te	O	" Spoken like a true psychologist . "
te	C	This was old hat : the Bitch did not deign to snarl and stomp around at the end of the snare as expected .
te	C	His shot went wild , but caused Smith to traverse behind the car .
te	C	As if he 's hoping to attach an answer out of me .
te	O	-- What do you MEAN you don 't know how to use explosives ?
te	O	Percy and the woman , who must have been his Essence , were gone .
te	C	" He 's a vampire , he couldn 't possibly have been awestruck when I left . "
te	C	But then , Kira accepts me , or ruins me .
te	C	Yet he continues talking literary themes and kerosene .
te	O	And so he can analyze the mind of a killer in complete objectivity , despite having a mind like that himself . "
te	O	It left her in eclipse , unable to find her way .
te	C	" This is the one handler says was the director . "
te	O	I roll her onto her back and prop my head up on my elbow and lean in toward her , stroking her face with my other hand .
te	O	" What are you spouting off about , Andrew ? "
te	O	He knew how to make alliances , avoided making enemies whenever possible .
te	O	It was on that table that he may have read the bad reviews of his last work , Stolen Rain .
te	C	Yes , I enjoyed my preserves .
te	O	" You , " Elliot barked , swaying with the momentum of jabbing a finger at me , " are a tease . "
te	C	In keeping with her inactivity on the boat , Stephanie simply grabbed a beer and a towel , picked a spot , and resumed chopping .
te	O	It was like the tinkle of broken glass , but with unpleasant overtones that carried on echoing in Timo 's ears long after they should have stopped .
te	O	When the sentry shouted as the wagons moved out , I knew .
te	C	This one , was delicately carved from dark wood and coordinated with ivory and gold , a box fit for a Queen .
te	C	This oh Great haircut , is your purpose !
te	O	Or perhaps ( and his gaze swung my way ) I 'd done it when he 'd tried to make advances to me ?
te	O	I 'll be able to give you the city without looking like a complete buffoon .
te	O	Nori asked me , plucking the strings on his guitar .
te	O	She lurched in mortification .
te	C	Van sat alone in tranquil stillness , triggering not just the " different " man named Joshua , but himself as well .
te	C	she asked , frowning up at the building , which seemed to whirl to one side .
te	O	The salt spray makes it all but impossible to work with air furies .
te	C	She 'd learned that whenever a problem was this complex it helped to break it down into manageable bundles and address each component separately .
te	O	Her eyes liquefied instantly to sherry .
te	C	All we have to do now is keep our retaliation , " Jones said .
te	O	I was a bit jealous of the stability of living in the same place for so long .
te	O	He chanted in his head .
te	O	For the first 20 minutes , Dave read the book and then they both interpreted the words , as Sarah continuously took foul shots .
te	O	At first he didn 't want to speak to me , shooing me away , but he couldn 't resist my childish charm . "
te	C	I don 't know the how , and I don 't have any appropriate legal channels that I can retaliate at this particular moment in time .
te	C	" You will need to use every ounce of strategy and humidity in you to pull this off .
te	O	While she understood his feelings , she wasn 't about to let him scold her .
te	C	I hear they 're showing some cosmetics tonight . '
te	C	" Paw 's enthralled , " she said .
te	O	" White Christmas " resounded in the background .
te	O	She craved a life of adventure , and that sort of thing was not granted to queens or princesses .
te	O	Opting for the one to the right he waited for it to gape once more .
te	O	It was a snicker , a sound of contempt , a sound that caused fury to fill Ryder .
te	O	Get a statement from her and have a snoop round for witnesses .
te	O	" Go ahead and disconnect from that big body , " Cole suggested .
te	O	And then The day was not improving for Brick .
te	O	The device led them to a crumbling wicker basket holding linens that might have once been white .
te	C	His voice cuts through the music and sends vibrations through me .
te	O	They stroke and stroke until the axes poked deeper and deeper , splintering and renting wood .
te	C	" Forget a synagogue . "
te	C	Back off and stop playing like you 're a pint !
te	O	Now she saw the eerie blue flicker as she came into the mountaintop room .
te	C	Within minutes he was shakily lifting out two half-hour tapes : recent rejected data not doused with majority reports .
te	C	The last time she 'd drooled over a gown , it had been her wedding dress .
te	O	" Pity about those tools , " a voice said behind him , and he turned to see the barkeep .
te	C	Since it definitely wasn 't the latter , York quickly added , " I 'm not saying she 's responsible for the stroller .
te	O	He lapped up the view of her smooth , bare back before the curtain of sleek hair fell back into place .
te	C	He trusts his old name ; he gains a new name , a new life , a new identity : new friends , family and interests .
te	O	" Speaking of little chats , " Gatling said , " I need to talk with you sometime tonight . "
te	C	While I was looking at the beautiful backdrop of roses , my phone buzzed with a text message from Amelia .
te	C	In reply , he lofts a wicked set of Enforcers .
te	O	It was when we realized they were being too obvious with their distractions that something was not right . "
te	O	It 's all in one of those red box storage units in that converted warehouse , down by the harbour .
te	O	" Put it - " His insistence was interrupted by the sound of guns outside the warehouse .
te	O	Everything else lacked life and vibrancy .
te	C	" I didn 't ask you to come bounding into my private cell . "
te	O	He made deliveries in the neighborhood on Mondays and he always knocked on my door if he saw I was there .
te	O	I know what the detention is for .
te	O	" I figured if I got you onto skates , you 'd forget about my bad manners . "
te	O	Obviously it doesn 't match the John Hancock penthouse in opulence , but it makes up for that in coziness .
te	O	" Can we bring magical candy into the arcade ? "
te	C	As Buffy and Spike beat the crap out of each other , Eve felt her shoulders and arms coiling to the point of pain .
te	O	Terror gushed down his spine as he imagined what dying things lay under him in the sinkhole .
te	C	" I saw no avenue in port . "
te	C	I pulled the papers out of my jacket , and ripped it in half , downing it .
te	O	I miss sparring with my father .
te	O	She 's a direct descendant , all right . "
te	C	She smacks so that she can look at me , and I love how the spark has returned to her eyes .
te	C	I evaded me to close the door .
te	C	WHERE IT happened was up on the ridge where Uncle Jackson liked to hunt squirrels .
te	C	The room itself was evaluating me no bursts of inspiration .
te	C	A number of balls went past her , and those she did notice were met with clumsy laps .
te	O	" Clones , " he considered : the man fancied identical twins , triplets and quadruplets ... so why not ?
te	C	The toaster bobs in front of me , distracting me as the other two escorts me .
te	O	A large hand slapped him between the shoulder blades , and he coughed out what seemed to be gallons of water .
te	O	They fired at the truck , hitting the windscreen , and it swerved away then stopped .
te	O	" The perfect words to convince me to marry you and give your mother the grandchild she wants . "
te	O	She never really smoked , didn 't know how , but she made an accurate enough copy of a real smoker so that no one noticed .
te	C	I knew my father hated Max , but I did nothing to motivate him .
te	O	Why , they liked Mac , once they 'd gotten over their bristly protectiveness .
te	C	Only Mavis knows where I am and had agreed to pucker that I 'm in bed with a sick headache , should anyone inquire .
te	O	Bailey took the pencils carefully from George 's throat and the back of his head as the healer placed his palms over the wounds .
te	C	He almost wished he had a foreigner now , but he did not .
te	C	He remained where he was , immobilized by shadows and moonlight , staring up at me .
te	O	" Surely you know how the child is prone to exaggerate ! "
te	O	The men are too interested in studying our blouses and wondering when we take them off , I suppose .
te	O	He 's not even yet four cycles old .
te	C	He leapt up , shouting to the boat that detonated some metres away .
te	C	I almost dropped my beautiful roses to avoid further contact with blueberries .
te	C	he asked himself as he stood there trying to numb the textbooks crashing into him .
te	C	Chapter Fourteen " Fight me . "
te	C	But mostly the chants of time is a joke ; on us .
te	O	He could feel the arrowhead moving more freely and twisted a tiny bit more before he gave it one good yank .
te	C	The narrow eaves of his beautiful eyes stretched vertically and blinked .
te	C	The silo for such a feat is still beyond our most powerful supercomputers . "
te	O	Her eyes were sparkling and her hair , I realized now in the light , was flecked with gold .
te	C	The specialist had been by after breakfast to advise them to prepare themselves to be exchanged for some of the prisoners .
te	C	First thing tomorrow morning , I 'll drive to Orlando , pick up something to find hidden perils .
te	C	" Our violence was a wrestler 's crucifix -- all shoving and grappling .
te	O	" Development Department is not under my jurisdiction .
te	C	That feral sound seems to encapsulate everything I 've just witnessed up above : a world turned dark and dangerous , savage and dominion .
te	O	The ghost slid down the ladder , hands and feet on the outside of the rungs , friction slowing his fall .
te	O	I am slumped in my chair , my teacup has fallen , and its liquid has soaked the carpet .
te	O	Will you preach it is God 's law as they are driven on to the roads with nothing ?
te	O	With Karl 's arm wrapped tightly around her , she stepped out of the enclosure with her friends and walked out into the sunshine .
te	O	He had met Miriam , the daughter of a millionaire , and had eventually become friends with her .
te	C	I mean , before him , I had these little pinches , you know ?
te	C	Welcome to conversing , friends and neighbors .
te	C	He , the one who dispensed the end .
te	O	No one is exactly like anyone else ... looks , talents , gifts , character ... and yet each of us is His original masterpiece . "
te	O	Two stray cats in a corner , behind the door , vied for a slice of salami , between puffs and verses .
te	C	" Your dear uncle John gave you those skeletons to buy yourself something special , and I don 't want you to waste them . "
te	C	When we came to the humidity , he stared at it .
te	C	The next show 's patrols had already arrived .
te	O	He punctuated each question with a hard , desperate stroke .
te	C	She typed in Lucas Stone and hit execute .
te	O	" The doc 's not mad , just upset .
te	O	She 'd catered a party in his house and the judge , master of working a room , couldn 't be bothered to remember her name .
te	O	She grabbed their drinks from Mick , then headed towards the kitchen to pick up an appetizer order .
te	C	Only their growing focus in the physical world and the abstract morality of ideas and circumstances puts distance between them and the inner world .
te	C	" He 's not my morality . "
te	C	To calm himself , he headed to the bar where he plucked up courage to ask the mannequin for a drink .
te	O	If I ever return to my 747 , this memento will go in the stack closest to where I sleep .
te	O	Roland reversed the engines and backed the trawler toward the sailboat .
te	C	Little wonder that the owner didn 't want it damaged by careless campers .
te	C	The fencing was loose , and swung in great sickening curves with every shift in the wind or direction , every sudden diving movement .
te	O	My mother sat in the passenger seat , delighted as we cruised down street after street , checking out the holiday decorations .
te	C	" Just because she took the cables ? "
te	O	Camouflage jackets hung on hooks , helmets above , jungle boots below .
te	O	We 'll miss the entrance to Headquarters if we don 't hurry . "
te	C	At the construction site he 'd been lowered to the ground and hosed down to cleanse away the hoop and blood .
te	O	Nikolai is free to drink his Bride , to take her blood at his leisure .
te	O	I hugged them all and thanked them for their warm hearts and generosity .
te	O	He waved a hand to a servant that was standing by the wall as they quickly made their way over to refill his glass .
te	C	Whomever I was before I died , he could diffuse .
te	C	Painter recognized the poet who 'd shot Professor Denton back at the university lab .
te	C	He checked the thermos under these stains .
te	O	" I need to go back and just let the robbery happen .
te	C	Nonetheless , he had earned in excess of $ 100 million last year in the mass tort reform .
te	C	Any , decent photography is masochistic enough to dream now and then of going down in flames while the angels sing .
te	C	" How many people know my true creativity ? "
te	C	But ma was something Bianca already knew well .
te	O	The only other interpretation was that they had , in fact , been real spiritual manifestations .
te	C	A nobleman he was not .
te	O	Such a powerful incantation was beyond my novice ability yet .
te	C	He still gave her a startled but smoldering look from her comment about the nub .
te	O	Jack was already there before her , running simulations on the various gases .
te	O	All through our schooling I grew inside of Shane .
te	O	The cartels had instituted new and better methods of hiding the dope and gaining a foothold in the trafficking once again .
te	O	I didn 't inquire anything .
te	C	Reading articles and checking out some kinks . "
te	O	He was relieved to see the crutches were gone and her limp was obvious but not terrible .
te	C	Soren had cut off the friction .
te	O	' He said , ' I make air quotes . "
te	O	That choice propelled the game forward with Sofie 's pleas for help from the Fates .
te	C	She 's in no way a knoll .
te	C	Jeremiah waved his hometown in Hanna 's face .
te	O	But she would have still been out there , securing the bodies , if she hadn 't gone too long without her dose .
te	C	Roger saw bloom squeeze the measurements .
te	C	The elevator doors opened with a soft jazz , we took a left toward the rooms labeled one through ten .
te	C	Dare I hope it will be solar , that we 've decided to confide in some renewables .
te	O	he asked suspecting he knew the answer .
te	O	The main thoroughfare bustled like cities around the world , but instead of cars , people drove scooters .
te	C	They put so much time and effort into picking the cup that it 's gotten to where unwrapping it is the upkeep of the occasion .
te	C	The rulers of the Unheard Whisper shall obey you by its authority . "
te	C	Impossibly gnarled and twisted , it sank slowly past , breaking into branches , coiling and thickening .
te	O	It was a blueprint for making it better .
te	C	" Why don 't we speed this up , " Cass remarked , breathing deeply and abruptly lightening the area within a bright golden wall of flame .
te	C	Her specter was a large coconut with a straw in it .
te	C	He or she must convince a homeowner to allow the exclusive fraternity of a property .
te	O	There was always a part of the human brain that objected to fighting dwarfs .
te	C	" You have a long whoop with the enchanted community , and don 't even know the power you 're capable of .
te	O	The hem of her lilac uniform grazes the cast around my hand .
te	O	He was still unpacking when I excused myself to go to bed .
te	C	I looked down at the grill I was chopping and at my hands .
te	O	" We took three direct hits on the starboard forward frame , we are venting .
te	C	Donovan asked , dread rearing in his chest .
te	O	A sickening roll of my stomach lurches .
te	O	I passed the first niche , and then the second .
te	C	They are only to be used as a last defense against evil , or in the gravest of investors .
te	C	They walk around and look at everything greedily , as if this room is a playmate and they are starving .
te	O	Ellen turned abruptly down a cinder drive , through clearings dominated by the remnants of last year 's garden .
te	O	She retaliated by raising a brow .
te	O	Let them talk about her antics , as long as they didn 't talk about her crying .
te	O	More ... Steve clicked on the link to read the rest of the story on his competitor 's web site .
te	O	There 's that pickle again .
te	O	The hesitant hand is brushed aside , the curtains fly back along the railings .
te	C	Mage had told us that her powers to compel were rebuilt once the vampire knew what she could do .
te	C	She lunged up at Marshal , who barely sidestepped her and struck back .
te	O	Jun stared , dumbfounded , as the source was finally pinpointed , fixed with a set of crosshairs .
te	O	One of his hands slid down to cup her buttock .
te	O	" Missed you ... " His voice was gruff , little more than a growl .
te	C	By this time , Cameron 's curiosity was voted and he tried to see what was going on around his book .
te	O	We could hire one of the galleries , and have our engagement party there .
te	O	We pulled the sail and mast out of the water , slipped the mast into the hole in the hull , and peeled the sail into position .
te	O	Nearly every transaction was paid for by credit card .
te	O	" You 're the best , " he breathed , fingering her lips .
te	O	I use my telekinesis to grab their blasters , smashing them to the ground .
te	O	I hope that you can forgive us , " she chokes out , her chest heaving with sobs .
te	C	She hadn 't told his sorcerer any of what she knew .
te	C	A pink faced , stout , ( and God he 's ugly ) little man sat sharpening with the torn cover of a phone book .
te	C	I will not consider thievery .
te	O	" That record was likely falsified by the British colonel waging this siege , " Tucker said .
te	C	After she taped a piece of dominance over the phlebotomy site she handed him the cup .
te	C	Those bastards haven 't got the soundtrack to jam us .
te	O	He wraps Nine in the same hug , this time approaching warily , as if he 's expecting Nine to launch a counterattack .
te	O	She was impossible -- maddening -- to live with .
te	O	Even under cover of her veil , she could tell there was challenge and possessiveness in his gaze .
te	O	A brown shelving unit held books , paperbacks and DVDs .
te	C	She walked beside Lyle 's son , Ben , a fine young man by my adversary .
te	C	The FBI pulled in six men involved in the solitaire ring .
te	C	I twisted the cap back on the water bottle , briefly considering powering it at Eva 's face .
te	O	She slashed endlessly , relentlessly , arm and sword materializing and dispersing into mist as quickly as thought .
te	C	They had not gone very far when they came upon a great seafood that yawned suddenly black before their feet .
te	C	His grip tightened on the uproar .
te	C	Had he stopped to take the focus he would need to finish off a single deity he 'd temporarily disabled , the rest would have swarmed him .
te	C	And when I looked up , I saw the tentacles of a giant black frock , reaching for me . "
te	O	No one hailed him .
te	C	Chuck slowed the lily and then swerved into the opposite lane , missing a raccoon . "
te	C	" That is yet another thing we can discuss when we 're all classified , " Xavier said .
te	C	" There 's always beaches and holidays .
te	C	Secondly , it is not meddling with men for space in their world of stupid supremacy but building its own alternative identity .
te	C	When Tom had been a kid , the Old River Road had been in daily use and was then connected to one of the cycles .
te	C	Then there was a howling in the room and Parker 's opened his eyes , snatching the cat at the closed door .
te	C	We might be attacked by a force of ups , and in the confusion the prisoners might escape . "
te	C	Then I rewound the Earth soil on top .
te	O	For the record I won 't be a convenient resource for a little special handling when you 're between mail runs . "
te	O	She crossed her legs , which only served to increase the fullness which had settled there .
te	O	A whispering column of smoke slowly lifted skyward over the embers in the henge .
te	O	" To our men appreciating us . "
te	O	" It doesn " t look that good to dwarfs , if it comes to that , " said Vimes .
te	O	His fingers wound towards to my buttons and began to work their way down , unwrapping me with torturous slowness .
te	O	Hand a few peanuts to me . "
te	O	As the pain subsided , the tyrant 's vision settled upon the caster .
te	C	It smelled of long , dull presentations .
te	O	She 's all trussed up , and she 's been beat pretty bad . "
te	C	Everyone was going to know the engagement was a backdrop .
te	C	The street addresses are in her room and must have taken her . "
te	C	The blanket on the bed was the first venue .
te	O	Felix 's cruelty and licentiousness , coupled with his accessibility to bribes , led to a great increase of crime in Judaea .
te	O	Across the floor , a telescope peered at the western sky ; at its feet lay piles of arcane electronics meant to measure magnetic activity .
te	O	I brooded all the way to the Methodist church , a sprawling white stone building with an ostentatious steeple .
te	O	Burning soiled clothing and disposing of incriminating evidence was something he did so often he could accomplish it in his sleep .
te	C	Or it would 've been if you hadn 't defied me . "
te	O	" He 'll be alright , " came the prognosis , " He 's just exhausted .
te	C	" Enough to guarantee GP shenanigans .
te	O	He flirted , he asked questions , he smiled at me .
te	C	Wounded men were gutted out to the side being tended to in a field type scenario .
te	C	" Sounds like me in my old formula , " I say with a laugh .
te	C	It was on one such shambles that we happened to cross paths with the stranger .
te	O	The Great Leader stood up in his torn and wrinkled uniform , posturing dramatically as if his attire had been damaged in the thick of the fray .
te	C	Thus it is that I loathe you to safeguard him on his way to the Holy City . "
te	C	They were just as stubborn and opinionated as he was which didn 't bode well for her young sister-in-law 's independent organisation .
te	O	They could pass for brother and sister , although his eyes are a chestnut compared to her blues .
te	O	" I think walking would take just a little bit too long , " Rick gave his two cents .
te	C	" Look here , sugar junkie .
te	C	You already know all my other procedures for doing this , so there 's no trick there .
te	C	He Pushed off the dying man 's photography , hopping up off the stone service walkway and onto the rooftop itself .
te	O	I have considered honoring the President 's desire to keep this data secret , but I must do what is in my heart . "
te	C	He decorated the wall over his bed with Catholic values .
te	C	Mavis would hate to hear that she relations worse than Mrs. Sullivan .
te	O	I could see his fingertips making impressions in the fabric at the rear of her patient 's uniform .
te	O	One of the main points of contention between them .
te	C	When you sue companies like Ackerman Labs and any of those Fortune 500 outfits , you got ta have some ammunition , some loon .
te	C	Gold mirrors and vibrant portraits adorned the walls , and the soft , welcoming lighting was provided by a series of simple stubbornness and wall lamps .
te	C	The man 's relationship with an evil presence was complex and postponed .
te	O	How silly we both looked in the daylight , dried mud caked on in splotches all over ourselves .
te	C	Long shadows recess the piers in darkness .
te	O	Her cheeks were rosy in the amber glow of the lanterns that lined the street .
te	C	Cassie met her gaze for a brief moment , a surge of hope springing through her at the sorrow and loss that filled her old friends gaze .
te	C	All have skilled seamstress who aren 't afraid to work hard . "
te	O	That of course has threatened the chalk excreting cliff beetles . "
te	C	What were the chances that the two harnesses he 'd selected would go on the blink ?
te	C	He enjoyed hearing the stronghold of her voice and the conversations around the dinner table were much livelier with her there .
te	O	Instinctively he gripped his head in both hands , as though he could somehow dampen the blast .
te	C	He gave a slow bow of his head in a gesture of frosting and affection .
te	O	She 'd be weeks in the hospital and months in rehabilitation for the broken legs .
te	C	No signs of meteorite .
te	C	If the spacecraft has enough persuasion , it will escape the gravitational field of the sun . "
te	C	They barreled into a single thought that flashed into the front of his mind : danger .
te	C	He knew all the secrets the journalists wanted to keep hidden , and he could expose those secrets at any time .
te	C	Coroner said it looked like she 'd died of sudden , extreme loathing , like all the water had somehow been pulled out of her body .
te	O	" But what happens if I 'm never matched with the right Source ? "
te	O	As such , this Council is justified in whatever retribution they so choose . "
te	C	My legs were crossed as I sat comfortably in the Spirit Self .
te	C	Brant pulled the horses into the bugger .
te	C	The experience of being confined underground for days had certainly riled and disheartened Oana , giving her a more frightening and disheveled appearance than before .
te	C	' We need to get moving , ' he said , enduring the old wrist watch .
te	C	I touched his objectivity , imagining it as his dark hair .
te	O	As the man spoke , a group of servants was setting up more chairs under the tree , as well as a small table of refreshments .
te	C	I kept my mouth shut and we both received a week of in school administration and were sent home for the day .
te	O	" Good night gran ' ma .
te	C	The waves of the river were like arms stretching out to the priestess 's den .
te	O	" How long do the stamps last ? "
te	C	I intend to set a new record and align my investment . "
te	O	He didn 't want her to be ostracized later just because she 'd been with him .
te	C	Finally , everyone had stuffed themselves and Mom brought out the sixties .
te	C	Whatever amount of time seemed long enough for him to forget , or at least divert the memory of , the way she 'd acted .
te	C	Strong as our fortresses may be , they can be putty .
te	O	Her hair was gone from the jagged steel skull and the bandages had fallen away from the steel visor that covered her eyes .
te	O	" Ya look like one of those inflatable dancing men used car dealers use to promote their selves . "
te	O	" I do not quite understand why his handler has not come ; you would never stay away so long , would you ? "
te	O	He felt the heat at his back and redoubled his efforts .
te	C	Finally , a cleric passed across her face and she let the axe fall .
te	O	They looked away and then the light was gone and he seemed to have vaporized .
te	O	I bolted upright on the bed , giving myself a momentary flashback to the afternoon 's dizziness .
te	O	It had not forgotten , even in the twisted pathways of its memory , what had been done to it on that stone table .
te	O	The potency is enhanced when the subject is exhausted . "
te	O	I lean over and start untying my laces .
te	O	The moon splashed onto the loch , illuminating the pair as Alaric hung on tightly , willing Keeley not to slip away from him .
te	O	A rarity in her life .
te	C	He 'd done nothing but complain since they 'd been inscribed .
te	C	We got to the farmer 's market , and I got to know Trevor a little better , as well as strategies for crowded rooftops .
te	O	" Since Fiona 's gone , Giorgio is now the senior seller , and he 's taking it quite seriously .
te	O	You really intend to continue with this folly , in the face of everything ?
te	C	Her ragged breath comes in sharp , staccato bursts , then stumbles , wheezing out like an old headmaster about to die .
te	O	I could almost sense her thinking , weighing the pros and cons of what could happen should she dare defy me .
te	C	The lights of the terrace had been adjusted to avoid dazzling the eyes and to give accent to the brightness of the stars and foothills .
te	C	Duncan 's speech was cut off by a howling of gigantic boobs .
te	C	When his hot mouth closed over her nipple , the little sighs and campers turned into a gasp of pleasure which made his body ache and throb .
te	C	' It makes sense , ' the other sorcerer agreed .
te	C	If screaming your name and having two consultants didn 't clue you in , let me assure you , you did just fine , sweetheart . "
te	O	Only there can I escape the possibilities that plague me long enough to regain the sharpness of mind needed to process them .
te	O	" Did she herald you ? "
te	O	It 's a big city , " Travis surmised .
te	C	Sitting up , she slowly peeled off the cotton shirt , flinging her full breasts to his silver gaze .
te	C	" Nicholas will have nine nieces before the closing arguments , maybe more .
te	O	They had all pretended to be lesser nobles visiting from England to decrease interest in the strained relations between our two countries .
te	O	" Accept this as a gift for thy birthday , " Emma offered as she put it around Sarah 's neck .
te	O	We have all lived countless lifetimes , and I wish to end mine now . "
te	C	But his thumb and forefinger continue to press down painfully on either side of my logbook .
te	O	The moon grows cool lush flowers and forests for hunting earth mammals for both clothing and meats .
te	O	Without knowing or understanding the how or why , womanhood was suddenly and without warning thrust upon her .
te	O	The ordinary portions of his life , which he had not before considered , now jumped to the fore with a clarity of detail that astounded him .
te	O	As prefect , he served under Emperor Tiberius .
te	O	At the college , they walked around in the hot California sunshine , remarking on the beauty and elegance of the campus .
te	C	She kept her eyes trained on him , peripheral vision obscuring her Daniel was still on his feet .
te	C	" She wanted me to antagonize everyone and everything I have in my life .
te	O	" Performances such as the one we were subjected to are all a matter of diversion and timing .
te	O	He obviously didn 't know whether Flattery would promote him or execute him for his decision .
te	O	The corporation spends billions to hook children before its competitors do .
te	C	I focused on my surroundings , the creamy brick walls , the dark blue vinyl tiles , and the long row of fluorescent lights .
te	C	Her ordinary mind was suspended ; it seemed to have been rifled off to the side somewhere .
te	O	Christopher pressed on , plowing right through the dread that built up in the center of my chest .
te	C	And near the gurgling fountain , a group of women in dark Islamic robes stood quietly , passing out pieces of paper to anyone interested .
te	O	The lioness and I were in agreement , as we lashed out at them both .
te	O	As she does , the darkest of shadows turns fiery and his voice booms , cutting through the screaming below .
te	C	Michael laughed as she wiped the berry off in annoyance .
te	O	If she was , she 'd soon find out the futility of that .
te	O	Not only did I have misgivings about that ball , Aunt Maddy had to go and have another vision .
te	C	Once more she had interviewed him , misunderstood what everyone had told her about him .
te	O	But clearly he had felt something for the raw youngster .
te	C	" The basement diagram .
te	O	Were the fates aligned against her ?
te	O	Wait a minute , I still had the bottle with the herbal pills , staked somewhere in my clothes .
te	C	I was not going to be the queen , and my target was a certain specific requirement of the population .
te	C	Your missive told me nothing of your prejudice or your location .
te	C	Bill was startled awake by the paving of a car horn .
te	C	So , I didn 't come in to hear your awesomeness , just to add to them .
te	O	The white walls only enhance the hideous puce and orange floral couch .
te	O	If guilty , you may be put in stasis for a time but no actual harm will come to you as beings . "
te	O	He began to fiddle with the large chain necklace he was wearing and looked Guy up and down condescendingly .
te	O	They don 't have meetings , pass messages or recruit .
te	C	She hears a hoarse voice outside her window and drags her sister 's hand .
te	O	Our entire army advanced 100 meters forward , so that we made one great line directly beneath the ridges .
te	O	I just don 't like takin ' charity is all . '
te	C	He 's playing by my rules , acting as if we 're two colleagues who happen to be checking out the human scenery at this stimulation .
te	O	We 'll bring flashlights , " Tori encouraged Kat .
te	O	However , they were chosen to participate in an experiment because of certain strengths they each possess . "
te	O	Leon paused , sipping water from the pail .
te	O	I wrapped my arms around it , shuffling them upwards gradually until I was standing against the chimney .
te	C	From the different size maniacs , which appeared on both sides of the staircase , we must have climbed at least ten stories .
te	O	That was my new motto .
te	C	He 'd rarely have enough self-confidence to watch it .
te	O	Only one such bagel remained in the freezer and it was coated in a heavy fuzz of ice crystals , like sugar .
te	C	Nash loaded his burger with seawater before passing the bottle to Dare , who did the same .
te	O	Jeanne nodded , unsurprised .
te	O	" Hear the sayings of Odin as he hung upon the World Tree , Yggdrasil 's frozen root in the dark domain of eternal winter .
te	C	She tried to keep him in , but he seduced her .
te	C	He had never lied in Stove , he realised , had always spelled his soul .
te	C	But only God was supposed to have complete control of coaxing the matter and energy .
te	C	The downed scavengers had suffered similar , though more malevolent , fates .
te	C	He began to laugh , then cut himself short and attributed his expression when no one else laughed with him .
te	O	" He did , a fine man , but flippin ' clumsy , worse than any herd of bulls in any flippin ' china shop . "
te	O	The title was " God heals the broken . "
te	O	He decided to risk foolishness and take the opportunity to ask a question which would prompt more in return .
te	O	" There are always loopholes . "
te	C	He wheezed , and didn 't say anything we hadn 't already discussed , but hearing himself say things helped him process them .
te	C	How 's the shooter ? "
te	O	He remembered hiding in the forest with creatures of the night and hungry predators hunting for his flesh .
te	C	Their electric shocks are monumental , " Finley says as he snags us away from the sea creature .
te	O	" Even a sprinkle of a drizzle and you catch cold .
te	C	There are some fairly standard signals , measurements , if you will , of people with repressed memories . "
te	C	" Wasn 't enough for you , anyway , " he said , and tossed the empty storefront across the kitchen and into the trash can .
te	O	He waved his nub at me , and left the room .
te	C	You see , he was the first requirement we 'd built that could truly think for himself .
te	O	" We can make the argument that he 'll endanger us , " I say .
te	O	He or she will have aunts and uncles and soon , cousins .
te	O	You will not be able to perceive it ; your way towards consciousness is longer , much longer .
te	C	Freaks didn 't sneak , but then , until recently , they hadn 't posted warnings , and they hadn 't used conditioner either .
te	O	To see her sitting there in her yoga pants and a baggy sweatshirt was a sight for sore eyes .
te	O	I 'd had enough of my own injuries to know that just the touch of air hurt when the skin was abraded .
te	O	" Throw out any liquids .
te	O	CHAPTER TEN I unlocked the deadbolt and then the door .
te	C	Many dogs risk their lives to lead rescue missions into carpets , avalanches , and bomb sites .
te	C	The horrible kisser ; they recognise me , Strang thought .
te	O	As they placed a bowl of scorpion stew in front of my father , his eyes shot to the servant ready to bellow at him .
te	C	He imitated a length of stout rope .
te	O	At his nod , she grabbed his lapels .
te	O	A bonnet would be good .
te	C	If I really hate blueberries so much , why did I drink his scholar when he 'd already given me what I ordered ?
te	C	" And your room was always a crease , " she said .
te	O	You should have stayed with us , but instead you got curious and opened the Dungeon door , Poison said .
te	O	I waited in silence as he stared at it , not saying a word , his jawline shifting slightly .
te	O	Their executions will be televised live as a message to those still holding out hope that this so-called Resistance will accomplish anything .
te	O	He navigated through the crowds of the mansion 's open first floor as Blue Sky Black Death blasted on the house 's sound system .
te	O	The jaguar had deliberately used the water to confuse the scent .
te	C	In the end , the paramedic was to eat , sleep , send out several scouts , and make a plan in the morning .
te	C	He grimaces and faces the two men .
te	C	" Bit like this should be outlawed . "
te	C	I think I looked pretty fine in those sleds . "
te	O	" Schell was the most recent recruit before you , " Tiberius answered for Lodge , finally entering the conversation .
te	O	We had to be willing to display compassion , respect , and civility , even when we didn 't see eye to eye .
te	C	When her insistence finally wound down , she ended up staring at the ground , spent .
te	C	He would be patching his show in every one of the countries .
te	O	Even Terri was lagging behind .
te	O	The shopkeeper followed mute , sitting embedded in the shoulders and tortured hands ripping the film from the nails .
te	O	Her aquamarine eyes were full of heated poison , and her lips were drawn back .
te	O	For all the time we nurtured it , we asked it for the same .
te	C	I picked up the phone to call for help , but there was no dial tone ; the suction had cut the line .
te	O	It was fronted by a large formal garden and flanked by stately trees .
te	C	" He 's just a bookcase , " Dallas said .
te	O	I braced myself for the smell I associated with dead bodies , but I detected only the dank vegetation surrounding us .
te	O	she said , devouring the last piece of raw flesh before flashing a smile .
te	C	" Meeting your physical form .
te	C	" A really huge freaking machete , " Kylie muttered .
te	C	The other men , who 'd helped shoulder the load moments before , were brought to a half-smile .
te	O	The sky was clear and he was happy to have left his raincoat behind .
te	C	Magistrate Baxter was there , and a few townsmen who were serving as temporary partitions .
te	O	The sound jarred his body , making his insides turn to gel .
te	C	It was cold , probably in the sixties or low twenties .
te	O	On the other , I was left with enough extra brainpower to daydream .
te	O	Would her conscience allow her to ignore what might be happening simply because she was afraid of the repercussions ?
te	C	On the cliff walls and the stone stalks of the syllables , the beasts cowered .
te	O	" Then what is your ruling ? "
te	O	I cannot envision the world as he said it was .
te	C	But now Miss was living in New York City and had become a psychiatrist , and nothing was said about any further new husbands .
te	C	The court file listed eight as counsel of record for the figurine , and nine for the defense .
te	C	Perhaps even a trickle of magic would be enough to allow the rink to complete .
te	O	There was a faint accent , earthy , not as slow as a drawl .
te	C	Food vendors , mileage notes .
te	O	And a friend wouldn 't withhold a simple detail like that . "
te	O	Ski trips , snorkeling in the ocean , even a trip to an Old West ghost town .
te	O	Those living among humans - like Adrian - had to adapt to a daytime schedule .
te	O	" We should hasten , Graeme , " Teague said .
te	O	We go inside and start looking through the examples on the wall , but Lila keeps frowning at them .
te	O	They 're crowding around her .
te	C	He had been trained to see to take down trained inspectors , but this wasn 't an assailant .
te	C	" Mr. Fuego , I admire the students you are vermin in your school .
te	O	No matter how I worded it , it still felt unreal .
te	C	My heart sinks and the life force is being drained from every cell of my being as he removes each word .
te	C	That stubborn bunion wasn 't implying a bit , but snoring hard .
te	C	" We would have come earlier but we have been looking into the strange , unnatural behavior of your awesomeness .
te	C	His muscles grew firmer and his reactions quickened while posing with the other boys .
te	O	She needs to be the empress of her dad .
te	C	Or was it just an added perk , like being able to despise himself from one end of the country to the other ?
te	O	Huron will speak only to her steward , and you , Nikolas , are that steward . "
te	O	" In a couple of months , the agencies will return and we 'll find him again .
te	C	' New beginnings ? '
te	O	Lifting his leg up , McCall brought his heel down on the back of its head , embedding his boot spur in its skull .
te	C	Michael snapped out of his helper and let his adventurous side take over again .
te	C	He reached for her hand and like a hooker , she gave it to him .
te	C	Eddie laughs and turns to Gavin , discussing possible alternatives for her new , lonely friend .
te	C	A few nights later , Dani was sleeping over , and we were relaxing on my new pillows talking about etiquette .
te	O	Smoke was already belching out through the outer lift doors .
te	C	" The cook we have in Dallas can 't do chicken and deserts like that . "
te	O	I was aghast at the boldness .
te	O	He switched the paddle shift into " D " touched the pedal the car purred and it rolled forward .
te	O	He leaned back allowing the soft cushions of the soft leather to engulf him .
te	O	My optimism carried me through Computer class and into English , where I 'd see Rigel again .
te	O	Instead , she concentrated on dishing up five large portions of dessert and handing them out to the ravenous guys .
te	C	" What the - " Tanner whipped sideways , fingering up short as a spasm knocked him back in his seat .
te	C	She 'd worked here and there , scraping up enough money to lease a small rust and begin working .
te	O	In fact she began to boast about it so much that she came up with a challenge all on her own .
te	C	The voice had come from a burly man with hair billowing from the top of his shirt , which was unbuttoned to the middle of his chest .
te	C	" You could say so , " he praised .
te	O	Without talking they holstered them , keeping a watchful eye on the shadows of the room .
te	C	Bootsy handled the phone and called several folders she knew trying to get them to place a painting .
te	O	Defined as not so attractive on American soil , but here , with limited females , deployment hot .
te	C	At the bridle of this week , she 'd made a vow to be calm and rational rather than too passionate for her own good .
te	C	Curiosity suddenly recognizes me and I slowly walk over to the mirror .
te	C	In politicians , of course .
te	O	Workmen arrived early the next morning and started converting our basement to a shooting range .
te	O	My ceilings weren 't especially low ; in fact , they were a standard height , but at that moment my unit felt like a toy house .
te	O	Under Red Two 's advisement , Fintan took the very center of the park , and took a strategic role .
te	O	He finally let go of my hair , staring at me like I was some sort of oddity he was trying to figure out .
te	C	At night , when there was less work , people would gather and watch lists or shows , things that didn 't interest Ernie .
te	C	It was good that we were enchanting , for the past 3 months everything had been serious and all tense .
te	O	A kiss here , a lick of my tongue there , a gentle nip or two with my teeth as I worked my way down his body .
te	O	But today ... " " Last night , everyone who came into our place was talking about Roxie 's exile . "
te	O	I was never prouder of you than I was the moment you took his head . "
te	O	We started at a gallop , not even bothering to start slowly .
te	C	As a park ranger , with a sworn duty to prop the law , she refused to be sidelined in this investigation .
te	C	The conversation turned to family recipes , and Frank entertained them with humorous discussions of the green gelatin salads Ginger had made with grated carrot and pineapple .
te	C	You 're not patching him , so no .
te	C	Damien sniffed the air , snaking his head .
te	O	Or were you bluffing ? "
te	C	He explained that if she were to swallow them , they would be redecorated and of no effect .
te	O	She could use her crystal scepter to melt the ice and save everyone . "
te	O	Learning about that option had almost started another quarrel between him and Cassie over her first careless release of power .
te	O	But it 's also possible to get a better sense of the mutts ' location .
te	O	The man who was holding his head crashed and blundered forward .
te	O	The rock walls glowed the color of adobe in the abundance of firelight .
te	O	As she was proceeding along the sands , she struck her foot against something and fell at her length on the ground .
te	C	Over my shoulder I could see the path I 'd made through the shifters .
te	O	" You don 't have to kill the metaphor . "
te	O	I slammed the closet door shut and teleported out of my room , appearing back in the infirmary .
te	O	" You sound like a recruitment poster , " she scoffs .
te	C	" I doubt it , " I said , diving into the pie as Bryn scooped half a restoration of French vanilla ice cream on it .
te	C	" Well , blah , ' t is sometimes .
te	C	' You ought to be put away , treating it like that , ' said the sergeant , prodding a finger at him .
te	C	" I know you studied the caverns in the wall .
te	C	" I might call you a florist . "
te	C	Wasn 't that the reason why he elected me with the case in the first place ?
te	C	" My name is Wallace , and I 'm sorry to interrupt your work but I 'm here to banish the equipment . "
te	C	He 'd searched the ancient books and wariness of his father 's and nothing was helping .
te	O	She had been scorned .
te	O	We need to think of a way of helping these runaways , " Ben remarked pointedly .
te	O	He estimated the lower branches at twenty to thirty feet above the ground .
te	C	' She sends travellers to herself -- how nuts is that ? '
te	C	" Don 't irritate me , " she growled .
te	C	" I want to assist you - " " My son fancies himself a natural childbirth . "
te	C	He weighed five and a half pounds and had little clumps of dark hair on his head .
te	O	She ran her fingertips over it , memorising the contours .
te	C	" So I just had a tiny inset with Ash . "
te	O	" Ooo , " the girl crooned .
te	O	" All humans are living beings , yes , and share many similarities , but not all have the same purpose .
te	O	She couldn 't hold back her smile at that confession , despite that he said it with more than a little bemusement .
te	O	Miss Blackie was sitting there calmly , she meowed and began to clean one of her paws .
te	C	They are only acquaintances , moving blindly .
te	C	Of course , it was more likely that her quivers were self-preservation .
te	C	I 'm no doctor , but I 'm pretty sure that 's the dictionary definition of crazy . "
te	O	He said this in monotone , as if repeating it for the hundredth time .
te	O	Rigel is the quarterback of the football team .
te	O	Slipping into her familiar role of calming and caring for others strengthened her .
te	C	Ryan cocks his eyes thoughtfully .
te	C	Stanley was a chute , his office a notorious landfill where documents and files were lost for months .
te	C	I covered my face with my hands and took a deep breath as the cold slither hit the base of my neck and top of my head .
te	O	" Before this area got scorched by the flares , this city had several food manufacturing plants , plus a lot of warehouses to hold the food .
te	C	She understood that the powers within it burrowed out to me , making me stronger and stronger .
te	O	A creeping shade with mauling claws , And as they near , the light withdraws .
te	C	Any similarity to real persons , living or dead , places , microphones or entities is coincidental and not intended by the author .
te	O	She tucked the receipt into her drawer , then placed the wrapped box in a small bag with corded handles .
te	C	" It was in literature , I assure you .
te	O	" Touch that flashlight , and I 'll shoot you in the wrist . "
te	C	I was treated with a little more respect after that article , but at the same time I also started to persist in my classes .
te	C	All this restraint , everything plummeted and reined in , while the rain came down with pure wrath .
te	O	The architect 's lips trembled as he tried out various comments and , in his imagination , ran them full tilt into Dios 's stare .
te	C	I told him how I had taken a shortcut to the center of the conductor and exactly where I had uncovered the body .
te	O	No antibodies are deliberately designed for her form .
te	O	We have infiltrated their meetings and they plot to make things worse , convinced they are free from ridicule or oppression .
te	O	Because I think I 'd rather have an iPad . "
te	O	A smile danced in her eyes as she imagined how intrigued everyone would be at home when she imparted that piece of information .
te	O	After them came a girl who might have been eight or nine , her face round and very pale between brown braids .
te	O	Jeremy pressed the button to delete the e-mail .
te	C	The grenade went off at just the right moment , and I zeroed in every second of it .
te	O	" Let 's pray no one else is snoozing inside . "
te	O	Linc wanted her to understand that she hadn 't been excluded .
te	C	" I think I 'll just go refill our champagne , " he said to Connie , organizing the empty flute from her hand .
te	C	She felt it sacrilege against something extra , like an undershirt .
te	C	He had called her countless times , left dozens of protestors and texts , and still had yet to hear from Olivia .
te	C	Eric was thinking that with all its beauty and altitude , Hollow was a dangerous place for his beloved .
te	O	" I wish I had some way to put those specimens on ice for a few days , " he says .
te	C	Then , angling slightly , she started to moan .
te	C	I would handle it myself but there seems to be a small hoop that requires my urgent attention .
te	O	A thought occurred to me and , panicked , my head snapped back and his jerked up to avoid a collision .
te	O	For who would want to marry or even associate with a gypsy dancer who gave it to every man she came in contact with .
te	O	We teamed up and finally found the Rak just after nine . "
te	C	Such altruism had to be a hatchet .
te	O	Fire fighters were on the scene taming the blaze .
te	C	The women still had on their belly dancing tops but were now wearing scrubs .
te	C	I folded my arms across my chest and sat back on the iPad behind me .
te	C	Will there be a blip here ? "
te	O	I was suddenly absorbed in my imaginings of the last few weeks .
te	C	Anything he could do to expand his own elixir , he was willing to consider .
te	O	A filing cabinet beneath the desk had a big pink padlock on the handle and a sticker that said THE L GAME .
te	O	But she slowed and put on her blinker anyway .
te	O	No telling what might cause affront .
te	C	" And two more specialists please , " Marissa said .
te	O	The next few minutes were like a dream , as if the Remnants of her past were slowly unfolding to her like a storybook .
te	O	The fever had swept over me , this time with a power and persistence I could not resist .
te	C	Oliver was sneering , angry , saying how we had to get rid of Ethan , so we could be together , ' I shudder .
te	O	The lookout did his best but was not sure if the message was received , for the counterattack from the headland on the west had begun .
te	O	Again , Ryan thought that this might be down to Tristram himself and wondered why his robotic form did not come with broad shoulders and a six-pack .
te	O	Me in ratty Columbia sweats planted on Bethany 's couch and surrounded by empty candy wrappers .
te	C	They stood there oblivious , I tried to divert my giggles , for a moment , they were duped .
te	C	And that was why I 'd docked the text messages .
te	O	You look like you complement one another quite well .
te	O	Every detail he had sought to preserve forever on canvas ; every detail he had certainly preserved in death .
te	C	" Is it weirder ?
te	O	I 'm sure he 's found his blessings in heaven . "
te	C	They finished , and Sam went off to the stream to muffle his gear .
te	C	Franz and Caitlin were enjoying afternoon tea in the dining room when the odd fellow with the auditorium burst in .
te	O	And now the thing had flown through the centuries , back through the ages to find the ancestors of those who birthed it 's fetid form .
te	C	The toad gave her a strange look .
te	C	His hazel eyes were steady but behind them were questions , heartbreak .
te	C	She sat on the second to last step and proceeded to loosen the ridges on her work boots .
te	O	Unsurprisingly , as the Earl of Melton and a high-profile media mogul , Sawyer received numerous invitations to galas , premieres and parties .
te	C	The only superiority humans could afford was against empaths , the most common and weakest of the processes .
te	C	If only I could stay here inscribed in this private little paradise .
te	O	" You intend to disobey me ? "
te	O	He empties his change and wallet out of his pockets and drops them on top of the dresser beside a lamp .
te	C	The Council grew concerned and then ... then I met the pastor . "
te	O	Mauricio always got pissed when she stopped by unannounced , insisting she call first to give him time to clean up his apartment .
te	C	The woman looked stricken at Selene 's sharpness , which she likely had never been elected to .
te	O	She passed me in a swish of skirts and a waft of old-fashioned soap as Grenville and I got politely to our feet .
te	O	It 's tantamount to playing roulette . '
te	C	She went on and on , even when Jeff pretended to balk .
te	C	Volume and humidity - those are the keys to a good protest , I 've learned .
te	O	When had she become such a bold seductress ?
te	O	Francesca sucked air into her lungs as they lifted her onto a gurney .
te	C	Do you think God never thought we 'd recite long enough to make public urination a frowned upon event ?
te	O	She was not fazed for she could clearly see the gentle green glow of the trees against the deep brown earth .
te	O	She waited , hair pure white , arrogance and stubbornness discarded , nak * d in more than one way .
te	C	Thank you for the challenge to write " Plans " .
te	C	I like that part the best , touring Big D quivering in fear , a wet patch appearing at his crotch and pee dribbling to the floor .
te	O	Eventually , with the help of a friend who owned a mail order conspiracy book company , I sold a " Xerox for cost " edition .
te	O	Darling , perhaps we 'd better start with correcting that atrocious eyesight of yours !
te	C	He turned to his XO and motioned for him to complete the creepers .
te	C	" When I say murdering , I do not mean that only members of the board would be considered .
te	O	" Because there 's no way a message can be transmitted .
te	C	He also sent a runner to the remaining members of the Woolsey Pack , outlining them to stay alert and stay armed .
te	O	The sound was like a balm on Nick 's fraying nerves .
te	O	He stopped and reiterated , " You a doctor .
te	C	" They got off the train just as I predicted , but my deadline was a little too good .
te	O	I am sorry we pledged you to this barbarian to save our people , hopefully he is not as bad as his father or brother . "
te	C	Hector pulled out the bag of gel he carried with him .
te	C	Sitting on a junction on the beach below Rico 's house , Teresa curled her feet up under her on the floral cushion .
te	C	Don 't stay there ... Call my boss Paul from a plaque and tell him where you are .
te	O	It took her a moment to realize the trembles she felt in her limbs weren 't vibrations from the ship .
te	C	" So , " Harriet said slowly , " I am supposed to understand something kept you from submerging yourself to me months ago ?
te	C	" There 's been an impediment , Miss. " He stood in the center of the room , fingering his assault rifle .
te	O	We once carried a teammate 's wife out of the jungle just like I 'm going to carry you , so it 'll work .
te	O	I chucked it at Lea 's bent head .
te	C	I plowed my hands through my hair , leaving an oily gel on my fingers .
te	C	" It has always been my desire to perform my duty with subtlety .
te	C	Were you planning on giving me a catalog ? "
te	C	If I weren 't ready to bolt out of here like a girl on fire , I 'd probably keel over it .
te	C	Only a small yelp shimmied from the other side .
te	C	' Oh , master , we have travelled for many miles over - ' said the valve .
te	O	With each passing day , the pressure mounts .
te	O	She said she was heading to the greenhouse , but I still wanted to give you a heads-up . "
te	O	He could take her right here , to hell with virtue and respectability , and she wouldn 't be able to stop him .
te	C	" Knows what for sure ? "
te	O	" They 've probably discovered we 've got a navy frigate shadowing their freighter . "
te	O	You 're going to lead us to the state championship .
te	O	She smiled as she watched him rake his fingers through his curly blonde hair and slouch back in his chair , his ritual after a good meal .
te	C	A woman wearing a special train hat comes and claps my ticket , which is sort of fun .
te	O	One box which contains the memories and diaries of his whole lifetime .
te	C	" Okay , " TJ began , " We try and stop the protesters , and if that fails , I call in the cavalry ? "
te	C	He pulled out two leather flats that Kenny recognized immediately .
te	O	However , the beau Tangent is slightly modified .
te	C	Wrap fruitcake in cheesecloth and then colonization , followed by aluminum foil .
te	C	I uncovered my injury and relaxed my arm as he took the swagger away and inspected the wound .
te	O	Didn 't want to be lopsided or carry the fear of a second occurrence .
te	O	So I kept quiet while my insides screamed with injustice .
te	O	The shadows are lengthening , and as always , the city looks increasingly sinister as darkness falls .
te	O	Spring this far north of the capital could be unpleasantly cold and damp , but the rain promised by occasional rumbles of thunder had not yet arrived .
te	O	" He thinks my translations leave something to be desired .
te	O	" Not sure , but it beeps when it 's ready ... I 'm just waiting on the white blood cells to get into her bloodstream .
te	O	" Missed you . "
te	C	One where we wouldn 't have to - " Lose you , says his biography .
te	C	My happy thoughts were interrupted when my eyes landed on my sister standing against a new Mercedes SUV smiling like the cat who caught the snowstorm .
te	C	Aren 't they born as little pumpkins ? "
te	C	Concentrating on the Duke 's artery the next day .
te	C	When the treadmill started , I thought the buildings would break wide open and the beasts would devour us .
te	C	Now the expectation of it was sort of busting me .
te	C	He ripped holes in another large section of pollution and covered himself .
te	C	Now I am nothing but a ghost in white , locked inside a prison cell that is more like an insect to me .
te	O	Mom was in bed so I ended up writing my report for the day including the three additional incidents with Eric Wesson .
te	O	He pushed off from his resting place and headed for the spectators .
te	C	She was the most beautiful , talented , and loving woman in the entire Seventh World and she gave her heart to a checkup .
te	C	So there would be a dilution of the mole if the Vampire were not as superior , correct ? "
te	O	They had heard the clamour at the port below , and had gathered in the inner courtyard , anxious about its cause .
te	C	If I took half of what I have to the board , he would be drawn and quartered right there in the singles . "
te	C	Wind shrieked , buffeting him and sending leaves and twigs spinning like slivers through the air .
te	O	As Fish followed , he cast a quick glance over his shoulder and noticed that the old man had returned to the bomb .
te	C	I 'm the Self if you will .
te	C	Trystan gathers and looks over his shoulder .
te	O	I weighed the lovely choker in my hands .
te	O	The waitress appeared with his cappuccino , and he thanked her graciously .
te	C	I stuck the canisters into his thigh .
te	C	It 's what tigers do . "
te	C	She could not easily be roused from her chute .
te	C	You want me to recklessness as a criminal looking like I 'm about to wash someone 's dishes ? "
te	O	It could be dangerous to startle him . "
te	C	There we heard of the whites , of the universe , and of the nature of celestial bodies .
te	C	In this tracker , she led me through the dipping branches until we came upon the well-known clearing .
te	C	" Then all the teenage girls have been released from the insane asylums and are prowling , on the hunt for hunky pecs . "
te	C	" I didn 't use the proper precautions to let it out , so I don 't have any control .
te	O	On the next song , the band picked up the tempo and two young men asked Kelly and Jan to dance .
te	O	Punt the ball and salvage what he could .
te	O	" She probably meant vagrant .
te	O	" Thank you , " she told the jogger girl .
te	C	" You didn 't want to be a rectangle , " he reminded her , voice flat .
te	C	His name tore from her throat as her body plummeted , and her climax roared through her like the thrum of a high-performing V-8 engine .
te	C	The second burst hit him like a haircut and slammed him down to the ground .
te	C	Warden Hope had been cultivated a few weeks earlier of MW 's sudden but deep devotion to Christianity .
te	O	We can stop there and get water from the font .
te	O	I spread my fingers like a starfish and stroked his shoulder .
te	C	After another couple of seconds everything started hyperventilating .
te	C	The Sorrow fled , leaving a beaming self-satisfied Antonia behind it .
te	O	" We used to , in case of attack , there are less healthy participants now because of the disease . "
te	C	Or maybe more , Sam thought , naming the toddler in her arms .
te	O	" Wait , you want me to pay you five hundred dollars for walking down a campus catwalk ?
te	C	Seth in his brown gravy .
te	C	Mrs. Jenkins looked at the interpreter too and shook her head slowly .
te	O	I worked on , until the first splashes of water hit his little face .
te	C	He had no idea how much lead he 'd taken but it had to be enough to drop a damn canister .
te	O	I 'm a centurion of the First Freehold Legion auxiliaries . "
te	C	In one movement he pushed past and headed for the swordsman .
te	C	" I 've got two shifters this weekend , Saturday and Sunday . "
te	C	I thrash under him and almost break free , but he lays on top of me , completely deserting me .
te	O	I thought he believed me , because he didn 't even yap in protest .
te	O	You don 't waste time with the formalities , just go in cussing and swinging . "
te	C	If the manager at the coffee shop would think it odd that I was no longer coming in for my regular , café latte .
te	C	All his children die because they do not have mistresses .
te	O	she exclaimed , slurring .
te	O	That 's why they avoid humans , they want to shift naturally and in a habitat that makes the most sense . "
te	C	Someone 's got to be in charge while I gripe .
te	O	Hey , if it itches , who cares ?
te	C	Anyone know the whirl of bullet ? "
te	O	The edge of a knife refracted the lamplight , then vanished .
te	O	" But I know ghost lore .
te	O	I pulled out another canister and tossed it in the room .
te	C	She tried to control Joan and to appease our romance , not that it did much good . "
te	O	There he set up his easel and , for the last three hours , attacked the large canvas as if possessed by some desperate , creative demon .
te	C	Antonia , by now affecting a whip , dashed over and started whipping Hawk .
te	C	David grabbed the wheel and began to pull confessions .
te	O	Of course he had to activate this inside the helmet verbally and might not choose to do so .
te	C	" Indeed , Reginald , " I said , just as I saw a tiny swath of smoke coming from the woodland .
te	C	Her face ignites a severe shade of red .
te	O	" What you are thinking is an abomination of all we believe in .
te	O	There were new factors to take into consideration .
te	C	I wasn 't like Jessica , who practically emptied her bank account to disperse her money to a soup kitchen .
te	C	He always carried a fire axe with him , using it to interact countless infected .
te	O	He shifted the knapsack so its contents would be within easy reach and eased into the room .
te	C	After one kiss now all of a sudden I am some netting that you can slap on the butt ? "
te	C	It was chilly for November , but he could not feel the cold through the emotions bombarding him .
te	C	He did a boardroom when he saw Anne Marie .
te	C	It was probably his punishment and opulence .
te	C	I clear my throat and turn away from Alec so he doesn 't see the red blistering my face .
te	O	Gumshoe turned the brochure over and read the back , " Don 't be blue !
te	C	" Could you maybe put a calmness on her nose , Beloved ? "
te	O	The earring spun to the ground .
te	O	The difference today is that they all wore skeleton mask to protect their identities like they were some real life superheroes or something Dre guessed .
te	C	He swung his gaze to ascend the entire courtyard .
te	O	Brent clasped his fingers together and fluttered his eyelashes , somehow managing to rearrange his features to look like a simpering Disney cartoon character .
te	C	" They took good notes on each other , good specimens , and good application of that new information .
te	C	Finally , after holding their breath responding to operates at the dangerous intersection , the emergency response personnel had the fatality they 'd dreaded .
te	C	Not sure how you make an organic decay , and not sure why they cost extra , but there you go . "
te	O	" It brings up the gloss , " she added defensively .
te	O	The one we awoke during the Trial .
te	C	Behind me , a light on a barge pole turned on with an electrical buzzing sound and faint orange light flooded the area .
te	O	Paul rarely mentioned his ex-wife .
te	O	After seeing how easily the Brute had wielded it , I was trying not to fully take in its size .
te	O	Under her leveled voice is the threat -- the threat of being a moron in her eyes .
te	C	Most importantly , Alex found an almost full can of maturity .
te	O	' I 'm just about to conduct a memorial service for a young man lost at sea . '
te	C	" I wish I could have come , " the large casserole on tracks said , nodding its pancake head at us .
te	C	Two carriages later she was at her favorite market area .
te	C	Now , I get a perfect pint every time . "
te	O	Evening Star knew that she must take a husband soon ; she was three summers past her first time of the moon .
te	C	Mike was near the whirl , chatting it up with Dean 's mother .
te	C	" You are lucky to have me , you chaps ! "
te	O	Besides , this way , if the guards search our things , they 'll think our creations are just gimmick items . "
te	O	You swear to abide by the Common Law , the Truth , and the laws of the Brethren .
te	C	" Yeah , affecting me .
te	C	" But it 's not magic , " Dorian said , chopping .
te	O	He saw a blending of the landscape with the buildings and probably something gardens have witnessed since their inception , centuries before .
te	O	" Here we go again , more moon lectures . "
te	O	But it seemed more than tardiness that was upsetting Amber .
te	C	" Rabbit , " she snapped , " Fish needs help in the library . "
te	C	" Our house was made mostly from old conveyor doors held together by nails .
te	O	The fey have always been clear that their signing of the Accords represents their covenant for behavior in our realm , not in theirs .
te	O	Born looked at Jenny suspiciously , thinking her poise had returned very quickly .
te	C	And I remembered my worry that the inquisitiveness might escape one day and cause havoc .
te	O	" If you would have cooperated , none of this would have ever happened . "
te	O	Her interest in knitwear had expanded to shoes and , then , to accessories .
te	O	" Tout à fait , monsieur , " the waiter agreed , then turned and marched off , looking as if he had heard a puzzling riddle .
te	C	Food and clean clothes waited if he 'd walk forward with his head bowed and his hand extended for a sensor ring .
te	O	The program required that the enhanced soldiers be instantly obedient to orders , lest they be a liability on the battlefield .
te	C	They gave her a sense of security , of coughs .
te	C	I felt everyone watching me and I knew they saw the small smile on my lips and the dryness in my cheeks .
te	O	The magic bounced off him and dispersed into the night , going off like fireworks in the black sky .
te	O	It 's imperative she 's not left alone any longer , but I have investigations to conduct .
te	C	But if he is bad he cannot supply himself either with good things to desire or with good impulses to morphine .
te	C	" With thy gifts , you MUST be accused , " Constance continued .
te	C	But she 's close to droop .
te	O	Welcome to adolescence , Seth .
te	C	I tore out every page of the diary as I misunderstood what it said .
te	O	His first thought was of the 1950s and the Cold War era .
te	C	He probably wasn 't used to anyone questioning him , what with him being the owner of the masquerade .
te	O	He inspected a piece of lint on his trousers .
te	O	You 're supposed to give me a verbal lashing .
te	C	The moment I read his letter to me was the moment I felt steel implanted in my communicator .
te	O	I took a fortifying breath , and told him the rest of the story , not once stopping or breezing by a single detail .
te	O	But to hurriedly settle a case for $ 62,000 when it was ultimately worth millions smacked of malpractice and greed .
te	O	More to the point , " I said , whirling on my best friend , " why have you let her keep seeing that shithead ?
te	C	It is the duty of our hunters to bring these males to justice and protect our species by puking their existence . "
te	C	The beginnings of air conditioning brushed against me .
te	O	The kaleidoscopic cars of anonymous neighbours passed in segments , their headlamps sending shards of shattered light across the walls .
te	O	She rolled her eyes and put the coffee pot back on the burner .
te	O	It was one of those seemingly inconsequential decisions that turns out to have massive ramifications .
te	O	His mother 's portrait in her gold frame admonished him from across the room as he stood on the threshold .
te	C	Jax gave a final command to the edifice and turned to Markman .
te	C	Washington has attacked again , this time as second in command to a much larger force of British generals .
te	C	Marie drags herself another shot , " I was devastated , depressed and all alone .
te	O	The outcomes are beginning to come into focus . "
te	C	My prejudice only found out because he called in a few favors with some people he knows in the justice system .
te	O	Max stiffens as he reaches for an embrace .
te	C	Wet leaves and scraps of reeds lined the street .
te	O	He smoothed his hand over my hair , along my ear , and cupped my earring .
te	C	Kai 's skin seemed to queue the longer she stared .
te	O	They looked dumbfounded that he knew so much - their corporate secrets , supposedly secret problems with a distribution vendor , or a multitude of other issues .
te	C	She had this tiny little feeling , like a bellman had landed on her brain , that he may not be wrong .
te	O	" Powell has worked out a schedule of afternoons when you are available to give audiences , " Talon said .
te	C	" Screaming people , " he said , as if it should havebeen obvious .
te	O	" I can 't envision him wandering through racks at the Gap . "
te	C	The two ladies with them giggled shrilly , and the indicator paused for a moment as the giggles echoed throughout the crowd .
te	O	Isis cast a spell preventing her most powerful descendent from ever being seen by seers .
te	C	How the hell did they get past the Witch 's captor ? "
te	O	She was halfway through her meal , shoveling meat and bread down her throat , when the dining room door opened .
te	C	They had been standing in a row by the steps , forgotten in the proxy .
te	O	" Catching up ? "
te	C	You just concentrate on learning where things go so you can keep up with the troublemaker for me . "
te	C	After all , we aren 't going to be raising the bookshelves with you and Amelia and Papa watching .
te	C	She smiled at the convoy of trying to avoid the desires that flared up whenever she was with him , and shook her head .
te	O	The snow was deep and treacherous , with a thick , shiny crust of ice .
te	O	" Okay , wonderful , and do you have any tours , or interviews for students interested in your work ?
te	O	" Max , " she gasped , unable to verbalize anything else .
te	C	Many were merely extensions , but some came for a purpose . "
te	C	Jocelyn whacked Steve with the gal .
te	O	We put on our helmets , slip into place on the bike , and ride off down the street .
te	C	C has been so bitchy lately , Sutton had transmitted on February 10 .
te	O	" I would offer to fairly compensate them for her , although I do not currently have the money to do so , " Dr. Grey continued .
te	O	" It 's a layer of membrane that surrounds the heart .
te	O	I can 't believe he retained anything Kun taught us . "
te	O	Your life cultures must have seeded the galaxies with life , but you yourselves interfered with the grand experiment where it seemed about to fail . "
te	C	She danced with several other men during the reception , laughed at the exchanges and went through the motions of celebrating her sister 's wedding .
te	O	Suddenly there was plenty of space for an eccentric millionaire .
te	C	And each time the " fireball " popped , whatever was underneath my skin by my shoulder blades bounced and crawled .
te	C	His world was so separate from mine , and I felt the friction between us .
te	O	But , I 've seen guys teleport so I 'm kind of hard to impress . "
te	O	She hadn 't been to many operas and certainly never to a denigrating one or to one in the Czech Republic .
te	O	Trip 's mom was puttering around upstairs ; his dad was " out . "
te	C	Everybody who wants to cherish my hiking should keep in mind that I was up most of the night uncovering this entrance . "
te	O	His eyes met hers with authority and he seemed to dare her to defy him .
te	C	They 're worse than the tigers !
te	C	So anyway , some Vampires and Werewolves began generating a little too much attention because of their wealth .
te	C	I didn 't want him to see me blushing , though , I supposed it could be mistaken for cylinder .
te	C	And if she did somehow accomplish all of that , she would spend weekends with her daughter always being judged and canned .
te	O	Here , Frank could see all the causes , the requests for justice , all blending into one cry .
te	O	But instead of coming out in the shape of the bucket , our sand just plops out in a crumbly mess .
te	C	He got mad at her for sweeping up spilled sugar but dragged her outside to throw a skillet at addresses of hay .
te	C	I don 't have patrols , you know that , but I think I could provide for you , with the farm ... " " Farm ? "
te	O	He has fallen to deceit , and may yet come to his senses , if he does not see hatred in you .
te	C	" You disappoint me , Gwyn , " said the Queen , replying .
te	O	The tray was only half filled , so I refilled it after wrapping the ice in a cloth napkin .
te	O	I use it to refocus my eyes and give myself a stern talking to .
te	C	Until that moment the reality of her stature hadn 't sunk in .
te	O	That 's why you 're spreading all these rumors , doing all this recruitment .
te	C	" You found me , " April said through snaking lips .
te	O	she asked as they stepped off the stoop .
te	O	Across the floor the dead and dying demons were beginning to decay to a layer of gray ash .
te	O	That system remained today , except with the further complication that four captains commanded the Commonwealth .
te	C	Several men and women had established contests comparing their ladders at urinating on the skeletons .
te	C	Thank goodness for real women with childbirth , Love thought to himself as his mind wandered to Sophie .
te	O	She taught me nothing except how well she had adapted to living among humans . "
te	O	Ahead of him he could see a mineral formation .
te	O	If she 'd missed that , what other facets of their relationship had she ignored ?
te	C	I glanced down at a gleaming chrome flask .
te	C	He worked quickly , lighting the necessary institution and candles with his Zippo .
te	O	Some tales said that he 'd been born a Viking and had journeyed to Ireland long ago , bringing hell with him .
te	O	Vader breathed a sigh of relief shortly before Colonel Adani 's hologram appeared .
te	O	He regards the speed limit as more of a guideline than an actual rule . "
te	C	" I mean it , Erik , I don 't need this imbecile .
te	C	" I bet you wouldn 't have laughed that hard if I 'd proposed that you double-cross me . "
te	C	Her nerves started tingling and her blood seemed to hum along her bedchamber .
te	O	' You 've heard the rumours , animals missing , ghostly lights - howling in the ruins at night , talk of sacrifices . '
te	O	This news seemed to simply confuse the woman , Radcliffe saw with irritation as Elizabeth turned worriedly to Tomas Mowbray , whispering his name in confusion .
te	C	Lynn leads me to the left side of the room and between the rows of alterations .
te	C	Chase finished mending a meet-and-greet he had with a potential agent .
te	O	" They could easily replace those mannequins , if they wanted to .
te	C	I don 't like being in bed with lasers , but that 's where we are . "
te	O	I materialized in front of the archer .
te	C	Victoria and Nicole push their way through the crowd up to a floor , where three professional liars are performing acrobatic dance .
te	C	Instantly , electricity sizzled and sizzled between them .
te	C	" Anyway , he emphasized how hair deteriorates over time but is still identifiable .
te	O	He started to laugh at the lunacy of it .
te	O	In most cases , however , Voss found a way to combine both business and pleasure .
te	O	We were a free people who believed in justice and liberty .
te	O	For the first time since he 'd purchased the winery ten years earlier , he left the bulk of the details of the crush to his staff .
te	O	Silk clung to her damp skin , her shorts and shirt already baring a tempting stretch of arms and legs .
te	O	She smiled at her cleverness .
te	C	Then a younger swordsman , Zhi Yun , gave a lecture on modern Western satellite communications and the new American spy satellite project .
te	C	Maybe they 'd pull into a McDonald 's vigilance for a restroom break .
te	C	" Giles isn 't a dormitory . "
te	O	Not all of us spend all of our extra time studying and tutoring in order to snag a boyfriend . "
te	C	How could Vince have painted himself as the clover in what had happened to Billy Duran ?
te	O	You just hide like some ostrich , or run like everyone else .
te	O	That , at least , was companionship .
te	C	I heard it before I felt it ; the crunch of glass beneath my feet that whizzed right through my thin sandal and into my skin .
te	O	It had been hidden under the futon before .
te	C	There was a piece of blue ribbon tied in a small bow around each of the contours .
te	O	Gabe pauses to tear down a flyer for a lost golden retriever named Buckeye .
te	O	She 'd hand washed her bras and other things , but for regular clothes , she stalled as long as possible .
te	C	Disputes sometimes produced gale .
te	C	" She arrived on our doorstep this morning posing for a fight , " Lucien answered his friend 's question .
te	O	Blood spills out as my bones threaten to crack .
te	C	He might have had more to say , but for the interruption provided by the rundown .
te	C	He sentenced his finger into the small gap and fiddled around until the thin block slipped out of the compartment .
te	O	The centerpiece of the vista was a citadel complex that crouched high on a rocky if verdant hill like something out of a fantasy .
te	O	I have managed to rekindle the passion within him , and I do enjoy his company . "
te	C	We 've developed such a prickle that it sometimes feels like he knows what I want before I know it myself .
te	C	Nobody checked the people 's roofs .
te	C	Any minute now I suspect my appeals will kick into overdrive and choke the living hell out of me .
te	C	The woman turned out to be a fashion icon and she grabbed Mackenzie 's hands , turning her this way and that .
te	O	He was too exhausted to kneel , breathing in the soot all around him .
te	O	He 's going to be sticking to you like spandex .
te	C	Rebecca was fairly certain he didn 't mean what he 'd said as a sexual prowess , but his words still brought visions of August 16th .
te	C	Turning the paper she began another group of haggis .
te	O	As you know , he owns a very large shipping company - " " High Sea National , " Jonathan interrupted .
te	O	David stowed the drug and gave Noelle 's slim shoulders another shake .
te	O	Suddenly skylights shatter and a rush of energy pulses into the building from outside .
te	C	As quickly as she could , Frances shoved Agnes 's photograph back into the clumps of the closed book , where it belonged .
te	O	He wanted to paint that togetherness .
te	O	She could afford it he estimated , and he was thirsty .
te	O	Those of us who had been in the army trained those who hadn 't , and before long we had a reasonable sized militia .
te	C	' Isn 't it a darkened room , where the clones can project images from outside against its walls ? '
te	O	" That is why I 'm disturbed by bullies , especially those who grant no immunity to childhood . "
te	C	How long their quest takes will depend on the nutrients they face and how far they must travel to reach the abode of Darian the Seer . "
te	C	Its barrier prevented people from seeing it and anyone who tried to enter the territory would be fused to the other side of the woods .
te	C	Most men who wore designer clothes allowed the fabric to opt to them .
te	O	What did she do , smother her with pink glitter or something ? "
te	C	She strove for a deep breath , to steady her nerves and gather her thoughts , but all she managed was a thin little nip of air .
te	C	Interesting , considering that she 'll fang into the ship right next to me .
te	C	Before he can reach for his sword , there is a soft suction as the gargoyle 's stone splits his forehead .
te	O	Up ahead , the trees cleared , and I saw a small creek that was maybe four horses in width across .
te	O	He has eluded us to this point . "
te	C	Unless he thought the outboard was very close , Vlad wouldn 't type instead of speak .
te	C	And as for Digby , I had pictured him as a respectable if somewhat eccentric oddity .
te	C	A black bow tie nestled below her chin , lulling her heart-shaped face .
te	C	Our final orders are to blow up that lab and destroy any gunshots or equipment we find .
te	O	The Guard could track almost anyone in the world , and the verse itself was able to restrict specific areas .
te	C	He didn 't prevail .
te	C	The others mimicked his shocked expression , mocked him as he scrambled , rasping , to dry ground on the opposite side .
te	O	" He 's spending the night with a bunch of freaks ! "
te	C	" Distant booms . "
te	O	She would have to check in with a doctor soon about new prescriptions .
te	O	I don 't have a preference .
te	C	Then , sketching both metals , he let momentum carry him the last few feet up through the dark mists .
te	C	Cuthbert was beaten in the first round , but Eduard and I were able to win several Mages .
te	C	His eyes accentuated with excitement .
te	C	" It seems your memory interface is the only thing that 's extensive here , Cybele . "
te	C	We realized all those things like sleep , food and the basic principles of life would not be applicable to us anymore .
te	C	Whoever did it was probably looking for a place to stay or money or something else and hikers didn 't go as planned . "
te	O	Zoe and Chloe both gave me one-armed hugs and congratulated me as well .
te	O	" You 're such a nerd . "
te	O	" What with the radiation from the cobalt impacts , and the near constant barrages , my people have lost most of our population .
te	O	She glanced at the clock on the microwave and realized it was a full ten minutes before her son and daughter-in-law were due to arrive .
te	O	At a breath of sound the coil thumped down and he snatched the spear from its place again , throwing it out before him .
te	O	" Both of you be careful , " she admonished .
te	C	Mind you , she thought , he is a spy - perhaps this idiocy is just a haircut .
te	O	" I want you to come to the temple with me today to deliver my embroidery .
te	C	She smelled atrocious , like mildew and dyed blood .
te	O	" How would you confirm my attractiveness ? "
te	C	Part of me had ebbed from that label for as long as I could remember .
te	O	' It pleases me to see you so happy .
te	C	Alanna blurred back to the kitchen and returned almost instantly with plates , ugh , mugs and glasses .
te	C	She knew he 'd be paralyzed for the rest of his too-long life , and she herded him .
te	C	She stroked her hair gently and then deflected her position on the stretcher .
te	O	A chauffeur driven black Mercedes waited at the kerb .
te	O	She really had to stop volunteering for stuff .
te	C	She knew what he might see , knew that images of last night may very well be flooding him and flinging him further .
te	O	Yellow and gray sequences of light .
te	O	He pocketed it immediately , then shuffled his feet while glancing away .
te	C	My body quivered beneath him as my vision blocked out everything but his unflinching eyes transfixed on me , gazing into my soul .
te	C	Something thin and wispy tickled my cheek and I screamed , then pushed away the archangels .
te	O	My hand shook on the mouse as I scrolled through the accusatory articles until I finally had to close the browser , not able to take anymore .
te	O	I wondered if he got headaches from clinching his jaw .
te	C	The big , bad Shifter leader had been brought down by a half-human Shifter with eyes the color of a deep Scottish folklore .
te	C	asked Reggie around a mouthful of dope .
te	C	" How strange , " remarked the venue as she delivered my coffee and eggs .
te	C	Not even the whispering stems and groans of a house at night could be heard .
te	O	During their one and only dinner date , Stan had practically been crying in his soup , wallowing in self-pity .
te	C	They are originals , eager to kill their own loved ones .
te	C	' Shinto priests or Buddhist monks can perform the necessary prayers and beaches .
te	C	Instead , they begin to zip up their protective headgear .
te	O	Only one moon was out , the orange one , and light fell in slivers through a window slatted with iron bars .
te	C	" Blurred vision , slurred speech , going from icy cold to burning hot , dank and diarrhea . "
te	O	" Heading to Clayton Falls tomorrow ? "
te	C	The refugee from the crossbow struck him in the leg . "
te	O	We hit the ground together , the gun falling from my hand in the scuffle .
te	O	Over the years , Frances had heard detailed accounts of Agnes 's life , mainly through a procession of letters written by Louisa to Frances 's mother .
te	O	But , even so , mosquitoes are a torture hard to ignore for very long .
te	C	" I need you to stay here and watch over the catalogue for us . "
te	C	An alert sounded across the dormitory , signalling the landing .
te	O	My mother and I fetched her , pomegranate and other of her favourite fruits and foods .
te	C	Louisa sidestepped him on both cheeks .
te	O	It wasn 't some unknown ghoul .
te	C	Dante glances at me as he gains the bottom of his bowl with his spoon already , before tossing it into a nearby receptacle .
te	O	The scissors , manufactured for show , are dull , and I have trouble getting the blades through the ribbon .
te	O	Compared with the paintings further down , this is a cheerful depiction of men at play in an indifferent world .
te	C	She indulged in those smiles .
te	O	Retrieving his last harpoon from the deck , he waited for Mandy to return .
te	C	I remember the way you ran through girls before you fell in with Bax and started screwing around with cars instead of brochures . "
te	O	I really should have brought my charts with me , but I packed up in such a hurry to avoid rush hour .
te	C	I 'm not so sure about the fags and smudges though . '
te	O	" Wearing a badge doesn 't make you perfect . "
te	O	She closed her hand around a couple of cubes and sighed in relief .
te	C	He collapsed on top of me , panting , galloping .
te	C	" The printout is a silly place to be indisposed .
te	C	" He isn 't prevailed yet . "
te	C	All of them were perfect ; tall , thin and beautiful ; the type that a private school usually cleans .
te	O	The mark flashed into oblivion and induced me and my squad to glimpse what I believe was a fleeting sensory manipulation . "
te	O	Now you decide to grow a backbone ?
te	O	When she opened them again , Laurel was snickering .
te	O	Her fingers moved to his back and squeezed , kneaded .
te	O	The fizzy effect of the champagne was still rolling through her bloodstream .
te	O	His hair was black and cropped short to his head , a layer of thin stubble on his angular face .
te	C	Suddenly he launched himself , inserting high into the blue .
te	O	Nobody will stand for a universe , nay , not even a system-wide enslavement , " argued the stranger .
te	C	We must have had one of the smallest number of transactions in the country .
te	O	Unfortunately , the drawback to a natural talent is it doesn 't last that long .
te	O	The Chinese servants also set to clearing the ship of vermin ; a hopeless task , but one in which they persevered .
te	C	... " " Dark dank . "
te	C	He turned slowly and I stopped where I was , dust flying up from my boots and settling in the air around us like spilled alphabet .
te	C	He made it sound like what happened between us was nothing but an apocalypse that needed immediate dealing with .
te	O	There were eleven boys that had been selected for the induction ceremony .
te	O	" I found out about Brian and Grace eloping , my mom texted and I guess my dad is getting worse . "
te	C	" A man who fancies himself in love .
te	C	" Do you need to do a further complication ? "
te	C	He could have kept on clubbing young college boys to death like they were baby squirrels .
te	C	" No more brave quests ?
te	O	A man came out of a side door carrying a tray of pies in his hands and headed toward the three figures , Dickie watched with interest .
te	C	They sniffed at the hem of her paralysis .
te	C	There were four bathrooms in a row .
te	O	The feature was on the newest fighter plane to come in to service and both young men marvelled at the sleek and muscular looking aircraft .
te	C	My hormones however , were still in labour , and five minutes later I went upstairs to her bedroom and knocked on the door .
te	O	I answered , feeling a dryness in my throat I had not realized had formed there .
te	C	As mining , it was her duty to protect Frances from unwelcome and assiduous attentions .
te	C	Tom shifted to a stop like a train plowing .
te	C	Instead of enjoying being close to a woman like he normally did , he felt validated .
te	C	Cornelia pursed her lips , looking over at the sideboard with open curiosity .
te	C	" In battle , we are all pretenses .
te	C	Their hair a flaming red , their stares reminded him of fierce gusts .
te	O	He and the rest of the GNC - yourself included , of course - have done so much to make this summit happen .
te	C	She didn 't want her friends to exceed her or her family .
te	O	It had been a warm day , but the night was rapidly cooling the temperatures .
te	O	Though they had been in the same class for a while now , Jin and Saga had never sparred before .
te	C	" The gondola ride will last twenty-seven minutes .
te	C	" Secrets , " he said , like it didn 't matter .
te	C	How awful that four simple words , one harmless question , could publish that much pain out of someone .
te	O	Intermittent signal from the ship , but no probe . "
te	C	One of the priestess of being an only child , I guess . "
te	O	She chattered her teeth and hummed a monotone moan .
te	O	" I think our navigator needs a few more geography lessons ! "
te	O	" I understand softball , more than basketball at any rate , " she said , sounding slightly breathless .
te	C	In mad haste I dashed across the cellar 's floor and advertised heavily into the wall .
te	O	The wall behind Sam crumbles , seismic shock ripping straight up its seams .
te	O	He was facing me in the front seat of his car , outlining all of the reasons I should let him spend the night .
te	C	Then he gave the etiquette from Longbow 's tribe a curious look .
te	O	The stink of my vomit filled the room , and it was all I could do not to retch again .
te	O	* * * Upstairs in the suite Caitlin had rented , Tavi served tea and yogurt from a room service tray that had been ordered earlier .
te	O	Her inquisitive blue eyes tried , as usual , to penetrate my expressions for a quick advantage , speaking of her own insecurity I thought .
te	O	He loves running close to trees and bushes and mailboxes and seeing them whiz by .
te	C	He chided himself for how he could have been so stupid to ever attach her .
te	C	With the growing methods of communication and footage of their roofs spreading around the world , they are now globally observed . "
te	C	Garn looked at the queue and grinned wryly .
te	C	They affixed it upstairs like some half assed emperor . "
te	C	I began to pick at it in earnest , my mind drawn to this superficial task like metal to a half-smile .
te	C	Although the base hugged the same Pacific Coast as her utility , the northern climate was very different .
te	O	It looked like her mother had bought something from every shelf in the cosmetics aisle .
te	C	Rachel sat there staring at the papers on her desk , paralyzed by fear and discretion .
te	O	She gazed at him greedily , taking in details - this would make choice fantasy fodder .
te	O	Her marriage had survived the crises that any successful marriage does .
te	O	" I hope the airline looked after you properly .
te	C	" We 're almost ready , " she says , gesturing for the two cables to enter the room .
te	C	Covering her , Seth dipped his tongue into the gala before he inched farther down her body .
te	O	A medic was summoned to look at my wounds .
te	O	It contained a large desk , which faced the street , several filing cabinets , two large bookcases , and three chairs .
te	C	Anyone who tastes my eclairs and cream scones would know it , too . "
te	O	If he kept this up her phone would lock so he put it back on the glass tabletop .
te	C	For us to not feel the sting of the warmth is a deadline , an affront ... " " Enough Matthew ! "
te	C	The thirst for blood , the insistence to the sun , the increase in strength ; speed , agility and sight came in gradual stages .
te	C	An agitated sigh falls from Link 's lips as he recovers himself on his saddle .
te	O	He didn 't parrot the words back to her ; she would have known he was lying , and she would have hated that .
te	C	Why did they preserve so miserable and ebbed a life ?
te	O	My wrist found the swirls of light swimming around in the wall and I disappeared through .
te	C	It stopped crying and made soft clacking sounds .
te	C	The videos here are , well feeble and they can 't be more than three feet deep .
te	O	Perhaps we 'll be able to salvage something of yours later . '
te	C	They barricaded themselves as humans because humans believe woodland fae to be good luck .
te	O	I had by then drunk my first draught of mortal blood .
te	O	" Mom , I think we are about to uncover another thrilling discovery .
te	C	Shouldn 't she be playing with makeup and clothes and crowding around the mal ?
te	C	On the very evening Troy had planned to ask Faith to marry him , Megan had quelled her first pregnancy .
te	C	I moved across the wreckage , noting a scholar in my side .
te	O	" Some might call it stealing , " Dana said cheerfully as we piled into the old van , which smelled like gunpowder and Fritos .
te	C	Looking at the trap he found seven decent sized vials inside , struggling to get back to the ocean .
te	C	Ivan 's eyes followed offstage as he went , but Morgan 's stayed on me .
te	O	It snaps and crackles as if the flames were cheering us on , applauding our efforts .
te	O	He must have been albino .
te	C	The worms in New York are offering at least three . "
te	O	And he meant to continue to do so should Gregori be unable to rid his body of the hideous toxins .
te	C	Now it feels as tight as a teammate .
te	C	After that , it tried to knock all the books off a perv , but its arms were too short and stubby .
te	O	She could never let her sister know the real reason for the cancellation of her wedding plans .
te	O	" How long does ' inevitability ' take when you 're immortal ? "
te	O	The t-shirt he wore under his blazer bore a silhouette of Che Guevara 's face .
te	O	More volunteers erected temporary housing , hammers and saws echoing while dump trucks hauled away debris from fallen structures .
te	O	Everything from salesmen bartering their wares to travelling bands of minstrels performing at every other intersection .
te	C	Caleb , your numbers have gone through the roof since they last ran this same containment , two weeks ago .
te	O	" The easiest way to weed out unpleasantness from your thinking is to address yourself as if you were another person .
te	O	" My husband and I were vacationing down there , " she told the woman who answered the phone , " when our boat broke down .
te	C	I don 't want to keep any of the snowmobiles waiting . "
te	O	She was loathe to invade his privacy but under the circumstances she had little choice .
te	O	" Are you by any chance drawing a parallel between extinction events and social ills ? "
te	O	Dorian had no such qualms .
te	O	Laughter suppressed , I waved a hand abiding with her true desire of having me quiet .
te	O	And now I have an ethnic cleansing , evil mastermind called the Muse brothers after me along with possible others interested in the magic . "
te	O	I 'll sue you ; I swear to God . "
te	C	He then uttered words that sent my brain into a shambles .
te	C	" The first time I think I 've been advertised for my ability to go fast . "
te	O	Not a single one of them was labelled .
te	O	White noise roars in my head , blocking out the broadcast .
te	O	In fact , when Grant had accidentally let it slip that Derek was searching for a sailor , his mother had been just short of swooning .
te	C	Maura 's smile was as polite as a mechanic 's , but I could see that Alchemist ice in her eyes .
te	O	For a second , Nicholas actually seems like a decent person who cares about the world and has values .
te	O	Liam thanked her , and the old baroness stood slowly , hobbling out .
te	O	Obviously she wasn 't falling for the frog ruse .
te	O	Last time I checked , the real Rudolph wasn 't a volunteer firefighter who worked with Smokey the Bear .
te	O	" We can 't make any promises about his paralysis at this early stage .
te	O	" I know what your objection is , Albert , and I can explain it .
te	O	Chocolate being made ... created ... crafted ... right now , right here , in this very building .
te	C	A voice tailed in his ear .
te	O	My grip on Ryan 's hand grows tighter as we sit through the other films .
te	C	But just as the dullness came out of the car , Bobby 's eyebrow went up .
te	C	It makes women look like pricks .
te	C	We won 't know which type of tumour this is until we have branded it for a while longer " .
te	C	Yet hard and durable like the demons , they decimated the earthly realm and the demons retreated .
te	C	Dean the android called from a table by the window .
te	C	We see several vignettes of administration doing battle .
te	O	I know Gale and Finnick are being filmed as well .
te	C	It would be pointless to explore such a dealership , but she felt its presence .
te	C	Perhaps they drowned at sea or fell victim to some sea turtle or worse . "
te	O	He takes my tablet and connects it by a USB cord to his computer .
te	C	This meant conceding , smashing and beating them against concrete or brick .
te	O	Thousands upon thousands of undead milled just outside his door .
te	O	The rifle spat out another spent casing from the ejection port .
te	C	He rapped his leather billy club across the frame of Toby 's bed to demonstrate this , the metal clang loudly through the room .
te	C	" The creditors are back from the printer , " Margaret said , stepping into my tiny office and interrupting my thoughts .
te	O	" Sharing a bed is too close , but having sex isn 't ? "
te	O	They rode out the castle gates , a laughing , seemingly carefree couple and the challenge started before they reached the riverbank .
te	C	The waitress who was to serve him a beer shrieked and dropped the gents , spilling it over the dirty wooden floor .
te	O	" Comes in handy when you 're interviewing suspects or flakes who confess to crimes they didn 't commit . "
te	C	Why had he gone through the trouble of triggering her now ?
te	C	For as far as the eye could see , from horizon to horizon , lay a prairie of dark green urine .
te	C	A tiny portion of her unspoken debt would be vindicated .
te	C	" And then it was time to reappear again .
te	C	" Aren 't you photographing ? "
te	C	Sara had to know that if Eve was pissed at Alec , the best way to pay him back in kind was to lather with Reed .
te	O	A corridor of doors and mirrors suffused in burning .
te	O	They are moving her now , strapping her body to a strange bed .
te	C	Tristan glanced from the governor to the chair and back , and leaned up to the duplex instead .
te	O	Jake knew it anyway and she felt compelled to convince Ted Durkin she was an appropriate tenant .
te	C	She was playing the long con , the knoll so far into the future that maybe she couldn 't even see it .
te	O	" I would advise the doctor to have a licensed practitioner of the arts look at the watch before you simply remove it . "
te	O	Jamie stared down at his food , poking the meatloaf with his fork .
te	O	A branch caught at her stirrup .
te	O	We all have skeletons . "
te	O	Just askin ' . "
te	C	But the spacesuits had to be portable , so they used a simple chemical absorption process with expendable clones .
te	C	I marvel that she will be available again very soon . "
te	O	Colton had barely been able to tolerate that crazy lifestyle before he got his new job at the shipping depot and was even less tolerant afterward .
te	C	" My dear , what is the meaning of that ... " Conall waved his fingers at his nose in a fair representation of Ivy 's wiggle .
te	C	His eyes were hungry on Lucien who had moulded out the other side .
te	C	Edward and Eadie were kindred spirits , each happy to be on their own yet each wanting quiet efficiency .
te	C	" Your coworker is soaking wet , " he said .
te	O	" She was the prosecutor , " he said .
te	C	You , who have violated your uniform .
te	O	" Tony has the receipt , " Tom said .
te	C	Pictures that distracted him from the lines he 'd initiated and his step-by-step plan of how this evening was supposed to go .
te	O	He hunkered down and pulled out his knife roll , its velvet blackness making a darker oblong in the shadows .
te	C	A centerpiece of Mayor Prentiss 's men with guns at the ready .
te	O	" That I knew I 'd misjudged you .
te	O	" We 're nothing but a bunch of liars . "
te	C	" Saw your ears and close your eyes . "
te	O	" It 's amazing , " Aiden agreed , but didn 't stop to marvel at the sight .
te	C	This wasn 't something her father could prance .
te	C	Anyway , Arthur Cobb had far more experience than he did in rotation and history and all that other stuff .
te	O	Naked , he 's a glorious sight to behold under the sheets .
te	C	The belch of their surroundings surprised him .
te	O	Rocco , Beautiful Bernie , and Crazy Frank would have all concurred .
te	O	He can 't desert his momma and little brothers and sisters .
te	O	" I won 't know for a few more months whether to decorate in pink or blue , " Melissa said , shrugging .
te	O	It 's really pretty , too , mostly black with some flecks of gold and silver in it .
te	O	No one had ever told him to disarm himself , especially an enemy .
te	C	The antique clock , behind Joseph 's head , began to chime , nine slow melodic rhythms .
te	C	Patch raised his finger to his lips , spotting me on the spot .
te	C	It 's not so difficult to stomach , now that I see that it has some burgers . "
te	O	And this is our dawning . '
te	O	' But you should be honoured .
te	C	But I remembered his eyes imploring me as he lay pinned beneath the junction .
te	O	The all-important ninth inning .
te	O	He was speaking very loudly to the abbess , who seemed upset .
te	C	Adrian carefully helped me sit up , and I was just in time to see Eddie pin Grayson to the floor in one of the secretaries .
te	O	He had studied the advertising and arrived at the opinion that the smaller markets were being overlooked .
te	O	No sense in overdoing it , sometimes that can act as a beacon . "
te	C	The horse had been in a right state ever since Echo had eluded her ideas of traveling the Dragon 's Tooth .
te	C	Using your psychic abilities to rebuild the sarcophagus ? "
te	C	It 's a testament to the original programming that it 's still standing .
te	O	" Parents ... make me nervous . "
te	C	The prospect of touching her childhood playmate was causing an odd reaction in her body .
te	O	The cold , slender canister found her hand .
te	C	" I 'm not usually that late , but we had been watching a curfew and didn 't notice the time . "
te	O	Her tits are popping out of the lace bra she has on and I can see every inch of exposed skin .
te	O	In spite of everything ageing was doing to her Gran , she still that sparkle in her eyes .
te	C	I 'll send a bum over with the keys and the other paperwork you 'll need .
te	O	The sleep came quick , almost as soon as he had dispatched the final intruder and taken the man 's keys ( and his shirt ) .
te	O	Axel seemed to realize where her attention lay , because he suddenly appeared at her side and snatched the tongs out of her hands .
te	C	Consider it a parting gift , " she parroted .
te	C	He wouldn 't be moving so easily with a stele in him .
te	C	I cock an eyebrow at his principles , but before I can say anything , the door swings open for us .
te	O	The ' devil ' is just a scapegoat .
te	C	Give up the intimate setting of dorm life at a small school so she could earn her own way through -- framing nothing to no one .
te	C	Despite lavish landscaping that burst with seasonal color the house appeared empty , lifeless and sad -- recent events piling it of any happiness that once existed .
te	O	I pushed further into the room , peering over and around the mourners , but Emma had disappeared . '
te	O	He was humbling himself in front of all these people , humbling himself to atone for the hurt he 'd inflicted .
te	C	The lizard is a menace .
te	O	He technically had a doctorate in biology and chemistry , but his clinical knowledge of treatment was limited to the effects of different drugs on various organisms .
te	C	T is true I do have a founder . "
te	O	And as the students kept picking which ones they wanted , no one zeroed in on his .
te	O	The great floating slab had gone , dropped into the Pit Itself .
te	C	But why did his kidnappers believe he would agree to traverse the president ?
te	O	That 's not even to mention the weirdness of all of you being born within a one-month period . "
te	C	Her eyes narrowed and she stiffened in the seat , as if striving for an attack .
te	O	" And you would have ignored him and gone about your usual practices . "
te	C	Stuart stood helpless by the fireplace merely looking at Reuben , his face now remarkably calm and with a dreamy remote sensor .
te	C	The sun shone brightly above me , warming my skin and casting hexes on the rock .
te	O	She 's not a doctor but she 's probably the best advisor you could want .
te	C	I had to dress to the perks where ever we went , plaster makeup on , have my hair and nails always perfect .
te	C	To her dismay , she heard gunshots behind her .
te	C	She mentions the help , even if she won 't ever say it . "
te	O	Their car came hurtling to the ground with a sickening crunch .
te	O	Chapter 10 Beth Maybe she 'd misjudged him , Beth admitted .
te	O	Recognizing limitations was the first step to overcoming them .
te	O	These triangles were a rather interesting species .
te	O	" Nobody denies me ! "
te	C	Even were this possible , how could they factor in the sense of joy and swordsman I was feeling , being a part of it ?
te	O	He terminated the call from his end .
te	O	" Don 't wear that cologne if you don 't want detection . "
te	C	The moment the shower 's toothbrush doused him , he sensed the phone ringing .
te	C	My sister favored me .
te	O	She knelt down and waited until the water very slowly began to seep through the leather , then built up the fire .
te	O	The thick smoke was pouring into the tack room , obscuring my vision as well as making it almost impossible to breathe .
te	C	At the grocery store , she picked out a small selection of soups : beef and vegetable , chicken and shambles , tomato .
te	O	How had he amassed such a swarm of regrettable conditions in the course of such a short life ?
te	C	" You really wouldn 't mind me associating with the cheerleaders all the way back to Jewel ? "
te	C	Uncertainty just flirted more fear , and she 'd lived with fear for far too long .
te	C	A bitter wind swept the streets that ripped through their Jedi robes and indicators .
te	O	She polished off her doughnut then licked the flakes from her fingers .
te	O	For the moment at least , his fear began to subside and he made his way slowly over the rubble towards the darkness of the central stairwell .
te	C	No matter how much she wished differently , Prue needed to teleport herself to her fate .
te	O	As she was sitting , again , he put his hanky on the wound and then he swathed her leg with a bandage she brought with her .
te	C	In fact , it was the order of airs that had been giving her the most trouble .
te	O	Only nerds rode bicycles to school .
te	O	The point was that people were dying and acts of incredibly stupid heroism were being performed .
te	O	They left early this morning in Jazz 's roadster . "
te	O	Skyla is setting the rules , creating the pathways in this new world .
te	C	It would take more time than this to uncover them from her , but something began to happen at that moment .
te	O	Most monarchs don 't care much for the idea of having drugs and poisons slipped into their kingdoms .
te	C	Quinn spins around and turns off the tab .
te	C	A long , thin , bloody chasm split off from the knife and clattered to the table next to me .
te	C	When the man left , she forced herself to interact .
te	C	They had already concluded that only male animals lurked in the attacks ; Munro was asking for odds .
te	O	The kitchen had so many appliances he had never seen , and it was interesting to try them out .
te	O	I had thought he was already asleep , but he was awake enough to respond , lacing our fingers together .
te	O	His spaceship has a green dome on top that opens up like an Easter egg .
te	O	I tossed my flip-flops over , then handed my stuff to him on the other side .
te	C	" Or soap or candles or furnishings or - " " Or us , " Lena said .
te	O	She glanced down at her cotton shorts and t-shirt that said , ' joggers keep the pace , ' and cringed .
te	O	The Sheriff reeked of whiskey , but basked in the adoration and praise .
te	C	They must be acquaintances as they are everywhere .
te	C	" We get kilos of all your best shows , " she said dryly .
te	O	A waiter removes some empty glasses .
te	C	" GET UP ! "
te	C	In Ankh , you die and they bury you or burn you or throw you to the buns .
te	C	The adults with raised arms as though digesting .
te	O	" And the shifters who attacked the House ? "
te	C	" I thought those were rebuilt . "
te	O	After the meeting this afternoon , we 'll order room service and have a sleepover ; we can commiserate , and you cry on my shoulder . "
te	C	This is a private place , a sanctuary , already generated by the Capitol 's evil .
te	O	The condescension was more than she could bear .
te	C	" So much for not quoting the case , Larry ! "
te	C	Not even the people who designed neural embryos fully understood how consciousness arose from the guardsman within .
te	C	One of the trimmings had collapsed as though a giant weight had crashed down on it .
te	C	In the far distance , impossibly far , were enormous clumps of earth , each topped with a white point .
te	C	" Most of the inscriptions in the pantry seem intact . "
te	O	But don 't flatter yourself .
te	O	How do you think the seniors would react if some freshman came in and snatched up the homecoming queen ? "
te	O	We 're just settling a grudge here . "
te	C	A third made his way down the backdrop behind them .
te	C	While Mom set up her communicator , Dad would put a hand on my head and say , " You see that woman ?
te	C	She breathed in Ivy 's sweet baby scent and ignored her sister 's drive-through .
te	O	" Oh , Janie , you are a peach . "
te	C	He never denied her predictions or said he had none of his own .
te	O	The winters were too long and the summers too short .
te	C	Her angry words became a mechanic and I felt an anger rising in me too .
te	C	" Gladly , " he replies as he carries me towards our bedroom and strategies to show me exactly how hot I 've made him .
te	O	( " Just like real shepherds , " John had said . )
te	O	I closed my eyes and let him apply the rest of the ointment in silence .
te	O	It was filled with eager gamblers .
te	C	I felt like loosing her on my theories between man and machine .
te	O	The table and counters are still covered in ribbon and candles , along with a few boxes of cereal and dirty dishes .
te	O	His mom had moved her antics from the living room to some place more personal .
te	O	Mitch sat on the deck sipping cold coffee and listening to George expound on the basics of sailing .
te	O	She spun him around , as if she would find a switch that would activate his hybrid power .
te	O	He was a relic .
te	O	All of them had the indignity of a urine bag hanging beside their bed .
te	C	Later it was leased to include a state of the art treatment center for people with brain injuries .
te	O	Oh , about the candy and prizes ?
te	C	Just when I think I 'm going to die , Bobby walks out onto the porch and glances wide-eyed between auto and me .
te	O	She didn 't want to alienate him .
te	C	There were two large energies on the door 's glass .
te	C	" I wish I could use my last recruit to give you back yours ... you know what ?
te	O	And you ... you were convulsing .
te	C	She leads me through the crowd of teenage runaways .
te	C	When dinner is over , I understand why : He asks Hamilton if he can lift some burgers tonight , too .
te	O	" Missed you , witch .
te	O	Given the clearance required for Moffett Field , it was unlikely that they would ever be coming back to the jobsite .
te	C	Her white blond hair had recently been done , and she was wearing an emerald overcoat .
te	C	As the chefs prepared to fire again , Jason studied the ships .
te	O	' And that old life always drags us back , makes our new life more difficult to get on with .
te	O	Made by many manufacturers on many planets .
te	C	It could not have " deleted " because " evolution , " as scientists use the term , depends on DNA and RNA .
te	O	Her fingers still trembled at the thought of that scene of carnage .
te	C	Then she went into the bathroom and wet down her hair , mulling it back from her face .
te	C	The gears churned so rapidly that any retaliation by Jake or Kady could cost them a foot .
te	O	Unless Ion 's eyes were deceiving him , he could sense something sparkling in those hazy white eyes .
te	C	Haven locked up the apartment before following her friend out of the isle , her footsteps faltering the moment she stepped outside .
te	O	I 'm afraid the duration is uncertain , so you 'll have to assign one of your unit members to lead in your absence . '
te	O	And she 'd recently had a whole new world opened to her with some of her pets achieving certification to be therapy dogs .
te	C	If you were skilled at nonchalance and really wanted a ponytail , you could just access the code and quickly program it .
te	O	" You are a disgrace to this clan ! "
te	C	Both boys had pets , Martian critters that struck him as horrid : praying mantis types of bugs , as large as electrodes .
te	O	He uses others as puppets in the hope of feeling amusement , but he cannot .
te	C	I first felt it and then pinged his watchful eyes from the corner of mine .
te	C	Amber resorted to angrily smashing open the picture frames on the mead and then burning each photo , one-by-one .
te	C	" Oh yes , " Charlie said reaching into his other overcoat pocket and rounding a Styrofoam cup with a lid .
te	C	The Mother kept pacing , yelling expletives and threats , the red splotches on her dress growing and deepening in saturation .
te	C	England will never be elected to you again .
te	O	" I guess that 's a bit of a stereotype . "
te	C	She crouches and jogs toward Nicholas .
te	O	" Suppose I waste your face , Man ? "
te	O	Find out if Corrigan has any extensions .
te	O	" I think that 's ... a remnant of a human being of some kind , but I can 't tell either . "
te	C	The pups like you and no one is mistreating you ?
te	C	There was an earpiece to the Alpha 's voice that drained all the fight out of the kid .
te	C	I handled all the arrangements according to the extravagance she left .
te	C	Damon stared back at him , suddenly furious , his own organ flooding up to meet Stefan 's .
te	O	Chelsea Riverton , an ex-girlfriend , sat at the long bar next to her parents and sipped her usual martini .
te	C	There would be no extended research option and no stipulation on the existing product for the company to dine with .
te	C	I borrowed Jenna 's tweed jacket , figuring the few scratches on my face weren 't enough to attract attention .
te	O	It ended when she chucked him to go out with a guy from St Patrick 's .
te	O	However , singer Johan Brecht has a plan but it involves a set of gorilla suits and a moonlit trip to Edinburgh Zoo .
te	C	In the weak light she could barely make out that his eyes had been voted out .
te	O	Her shaking body calms as it sheds the last of the salty ocean water , dripping from underneath her robe .
te	O	Jason swished it through the air , trying to look heroic .
te	C	I stepped around a giant longbow packed with snake plants .
te	O	She sat on the couch and pulled on her jersey .
te	C	The bookshelves must be why our rings weren 't working .
te	O	They have attachment issues . "
te	C	" Ah , " Elizabeth gasped , " we forgot the prowess .
te	O	" If you go in I guarantee that the church will burn down , " said the abbot .
te	C	She was beautiful , as always , today in black pants and a suit jacket with a deep moat in front .
te	C	Melissa took a sip of the bluster she 'd grabbed from Starbucks before they arrived .
te	C	He thanks me , sells for bothering me and tells me to have a lot of fun and not to worry about them .
te	C	He 's standing too close and his waistline is making me dizzy .
te	C	' The swordsman never left ! '
te	O	" My God , " Scarlett said , her breath hitching in her throat .
te	O	Shane ducked a swipe of the sword and grappled with the intruder .
te	C	Such talents -- or malfunctions , as Madame Helena calls them -- ranged from the relatively common practice of telekinesis to soul devouring with actual demons .
te	O	And on bad enough days , it sometimes resurfaced .
te	O	" Visiting , " I said .
te	C	The code of distinction , I guess . "
te	O	The spinnaker extended from the pulpit into the water , drifting in great billows , but there was no sign of Monique .
te	C	He works for Nana at the panorama now .
te	C	Ali 's emotions felt like a capsule whose string had gotten away from her .
te	C	Shane gave her a blizzard in approval .
te	O	The dark blue one , with the tribe 's emblem on the sleeve , the right color and it was a perfect fit .
te	C	Marcia was busy prowling through the book .
te	O	" I need the beaches , " says Cordelia .
te	O	She reflected that in the few months they 'd known each other , their relationship had evolved into something deeper , something she hadn 't anticipated .
te	O	He kept walking , passing the dollar carts , knowing that Carbonell would follow .
te	C	His neglect had all the stuff she knew about and only added that he had been born in Carson City and had gone to college in Reno .
te	C	He felt very shy around them despite his confidence but he was blind to his own histories .
te	C	But this was all she could afford , her parents ' house having been sold to pay a few roofs from their atrocious stack of bills .
te	C	In the confusion of having him there she 'd forgotten to steam the Scouts .
te	O	Have you been obsessing about this as much as I have ?
te	O	This time , he shocks me by smiling .
te	O	Like a ghost emerging from nowhere , a train , black and sleek and full of dread , tore across the rails directly in front of her .
te	O	Lindy rested her elbows on the tabletop and sighed .
te	C	Then , her back still aching from the deep slash of claws , she tottered to the narrow chute and was asleep before she knew it .
te	C	He 'd long admired the beauty of young Russian women , but defied the inevitable effects society would wreak .
te	O	After supper , they sat by the fire staring into the coals in the gathering dark .
te	C	With the uncaring of tires , the truck lurched forward .
te	C	Fearful that the shooter was much to low , she pulled it as far up as was comfortable .
te	C	The telescope held up the hand of Silver Gander .
te	O	" They 're transferring my memories , " I say .
te	C	We are always open to a bit of emotional meltdown .
te	C	They carted over the side .
te	C	In a flash , time seems to hold still for a moment , and pleasure tingles through me like a sonic boom .
te	O	" I 'm doing my best , but with each skirmish , I lose a few more tanks ! "
te	O	It took much effort to even wrestle the rights to this place and events like these don 't exactly make me a local favorite . "
te	O	At any moment she expected to be overtaken by these hideous sentient monsters .
te	C	Fitch took some coffee and tweaked the last-minute efforts of the defense .
te	C	The king will have left , alternating for the night .
te	O	The cobwebs she saw in her dreams lay around everywhere .
te	O	The door stuck , so she used the force of one hip to dislodge it .
te	O	The precious little air I had managed to fill my lungs with now went out in a whoosh .
te	C	Abruptly , the fingers dug into her forehead below the haircut .
te	O	His victories had been few and far between .
te	C	How could I fight a violin , a thing perfectly at home in the water ?
te	C	Bring me a large strawberry banana muffin . "
te	O	There was an empty highway several hundred feet ahead , the same I 'd seen from the bluffs .
te	C	She pulled him in , prodding him with her boobs .
te	O	" It surprises me the way you kids are making such a commotion about my decorating the house for the holidays . "
te	O	She wore a black ribbon with a white cameo around her throat , which emphasized her lush femininity as well as her erotic beauty .
te	C	His hair was chocolate brown and fell over his brow , roving over his ears in adorable flicks and waves .
te	O	Trevor looked after him , as confusion , soon mixed in with recognition , overtook his handsome , facial expression .
te	O	She picked up the broccoli and chicken .
te	O	With his left arm clenched behind his back , he used his right to redirect every punch the prisoner threw .
te	C	This was maybe a bit more flattery than Layla really needed .
te	O	In this case , the accumulation of knowledge . "
te	C	She suspected , however , that the webs will be open to the public and widely televised .
te	O	" These guys like to flaunt how clever they are .
te	O	Zoey complied and twisted her earplugs back in .
te	O	She had retained one of her lawyer exes to help her through the proceedings and was meeting him before the hearing .
te	O	Was it enough to tell it on phone or she has to meet only Laurence if he telephoned ?
te	O	" Easy , " Jack said , " I did my whacking at home and grew up during the rise of political correctness .
te	C	" Let 's hope the shaman continues . "
te	C	Fetch me the kilt ! '
te	O	You must have those wounds cleaned or they will fester . "
te	O	She picked her magazine back up and repeated her earlier line in the plural .
te	C	If he hadn 't known that before , Jack would 've cancelled it in about two seconds .
te	C	The little ring of flowers the archangels put around your neck when you visit Hawaii ? "
te	C	The vibrations had to cut through part of one lung to get to it .
te	C	" Are you taking the bundles that were prescribed to you every day ? "
te	O	Just a few weeks ago , Granddad was forced to sell it to a conservancy , just to be able to afford the upkeep on it .
te	O	Raven blinked her eyes rapidly , taking in every detail , broadcasting to Mikhail .
te	C	" No one bothered searching for elephants , and all our efforts continued to be focused on making what we had work .
te	O	" Why must you blacken my motives at every opportunity ? "
te	C	Her own mother was a fervor and a drug addict .
te	O	" Well , Liz is being charged with a slew of offenses , not the least of which is murder .
te	C	The lather of Sebastian 's culture was raised to revere the military and to fight .
te	O	But now , watching this , she began to wonder if her priorities had been all wrong .
te	C	It sure would be tempting to ramble on the presence of a homeless black in Bartley .
te	O	Gideon gave a slight incline of his head .
te	C	Peter rubbed the back of his own head in frustration , tightly working his fingers through his thinning hair as he went through cables in his head .
te	O	" For a lot of reasons , " I reply , rotating the soda bottle in my hand .
te	C	Her parents would be there -- her eyeliner had sent her an email invitation to attend , which she had ignored .
te	C	" The air conditioner isn 't the best at the studio , so make sure you wear something ... breathable . "
te	O	Far below , messengers on bicycles darted in and out through traffic like hummingbirds .
te	C	I should have been more upset at the upcoming task , knowing so many moods were worried about the outcome .
te	O	" We 're detecting a large ship , Regent .
te	O	Kara stopped abruptly , grabbing Maddie 's arm so she didn 't lose her in the congested mass of holiday shoppers .
te	C	He lives near St. Louis , Missouri and works as a software upgrade by day .
te	C	Keeping Betty distracted long enough for that leech to take Samantha . "
te	O	This isn 't a compass , this is a tracker !
te	O	Kowalski had tried to help , but Elena spun like a ballerina with a machine gun .
te	C	Brown in color with hints of fur around the celebrities and sleeves .
te	O	His lips crash into mine with fervor , and he pulls me into him .
te	O	Then we were raided .
te	C	Instead , he eased her body against his , nibbling her up while he slid his arm around her body and cupped the back of her neck .
te	C	" Would you prefer escorting the carpet ? "
te	O	His golden irises were hot with amber , their pupils thinning rapidly as the air quickened with the heat of desire .
te	C	This place was like something from Citizen Kane , had the movie been steeped in Technicolor .
te	C	" The strange thing is , when that happened , I envisioned Egypt , and the characteristics . "
te	C	" Isn ´ t she a U.S. citizenship ? "
te	O	Felix hobbles in , the old dog 's limbs stiff with arthritis .
te	C	By the way , bit of advice to a drinker - watch out for the one they call Mr Happy .
te	O	The creature fell forward , clawing and slashing with its bony fingers .
te	O	He invoked the right of defense for all that are accused .
te	C	She looks like the unveiling of the mythic figure Caitlin Ni Houlihan whose face is found on every Irish Punt note .
te	O	He dipped the left wing , angling around a jutting mountain .
te	O	He hates the fact that I 've remarried .
te	C	I don 't think he 's tagging this time .
te	O	' Note the flattened roller skate , gentlemen .
te	O	So the best ploy is to imbed the logger into an image file and get them to open the file on their computer .
te	O	It was a scene of utter devastation .
te	O	We have been making larger caravans with our more expensive goods and that seems to have deterred them . "
te	O	I searched her stomach for a protrusion .
te	C	In the light of a single bedside taper , her pale skin glowed with the elixir of ivory .
te	C	He did not wish to admit the reason for his captor and the subsequent humiliation .
te	C	My confession takes up a dagger to con my heart .
te	O	It seems like crazies are coming out of the brickwork past couple of days .
te	O	No home to return to , no kin to offer me shelter , and the convent will no doubt be closed to me now .
te	O	Conversations in the wood , my one book , my only achievement has helped ensure it .
te	O	" I want to have a look at the factories . "
te	O	Stewart asked , making short work of the scone before launching into another .
te	C	" My client has already admitted to the barstool .
te	C	" Get her a ten if it 's stretchy , " said the landlady .
te	O	I 'll have to prop her up in some way .
te	C	Her eyesight began to ring and I opened my eyes .
te	C	Without another word , Cameron strode to his wing of the house , took the stairs two at a time , and stormed into his objection .
te	C	Alcide opened the door himself , and if he was fogged over with surprise , he did a good job of hiding it .
te	O	He dives over the corvette and whips his tail , the sharp blade on the end cutting through the corvette 's hull .
te	C	But he was not the ether .
te	O	Beyond the glass , and beneath several rows of tacky Christmas tree tinsel , a fog machine wrapped in purple satin rhythmically emitted steady puffs of steam .
te	O	This little case was also almost so reversed like her all life ... And now she also worried about her certificate expired a long time ago .
te	C	He stopped staring at her cute little ass and focused on the bonding between her and Rocket Fuel .
te	O	" You bugged the car ? "
te	C	Odd that I would end up with the only frugal checklist in the city .
te	C	She was a perfectly manicured , groomed , and flawlessly attired picture of the typical modern day wealthy son-in-law .
te	C	" Let me know who you want to call in and I 'll be happy to tamper with him . "
te	C	The ferries were slim .
te	C	He spouted that they had only a fraction of the personnel they needed and he had to do many other jobs .
te	C	He felt his arm muscles convulse .
te	C	My smile returns and my nerves sing with fervor .
te	C	Watching a fight was not a major act of programming , and all three of us knew it .
te	O	If families are dysfunctional than it is no wonder that society feels the effects in increased crime , delinquency , addictions .
te	O	The pies are still perfectly stacked .
te	O	" You 're shitting me , right ? "
te	O	His job now was to say something comforting , to alleviate her guilt , to help her find some meaning in all of this .
te	C	The fainting was still small but prospering and Robert was extremely proud of the progress he had made .
te	C	The prodding was nice , actually .
te	C	Lauren graced him and asked him to guide her out through the side exit .
te	O	WARNING : Some or all of The List will appear in the novel , The Bitcoin Detective when updated .
te	O	" Get into your swimsuit and let 's get out there . "
te	C	Once again he looked at Talon , trying to detect his neglect .
te	C	The kitchen didn 't have a relic , so everything was done by hand .
te	O	" Portals are quite difficult to construct and pose no small risk to their owner .
te	O	He did not trust the envoy enough to part with that information .
te	O	Tears misted her vision , so Kate shut her eyes .
te	O	I stumble out of the square , then retrace my steps as I rush along with others .
te	O	When he returned , Shotgun was briefing Gumshoe on his findings .
te	C	She turned her head away as the shock of his probing fingers thrilled her body , threatening to consume her with the frothing waves of pleasure .
te	O	Yep , there 's a deeper citrus scent circulating .
te	C	" I really don 't make a habit of going around interfering women .
te	O	After selling quite a bit of it , he was approached the next day by a few angry customers demanding a refund .
te	O	He had always known there would be casualties in this line of work .
te	C	How did he end up volunteering to you ? "
te	O	The sky had become a delicate curtain of dancing snowflakes .
te	C	She hadn 't been hurt or jailed .
te	C	The letter still clenched in her hand , she sank onto the bench by the richness , her most treasured possession .
te	O	Torn , stained , the ruffles and trims flattened ... The frock would never be the same .
te	C	" I 'm not embracing her , you are .
te	O	He knew exactly what hundreds of strangers ' thoughts pummeling at one 's mind could do .
te	O	He placed his hand on the map at a location some thirty miles from the stronghold .
te	C	And one of his eyes was missing ; the eye that remained was a bright orange color and bulged in its hanger .
te	O	" You said that this would be fool proof , " Charles said , taking his eyes off the pages and leveling them on his VP .
te	O	I got a little nervous and screwed up the punch , " she says and the anger inside me flickers .
te	C	For some reason it had not as yet managed to unleash the beast , while instead it was seizing upon the soul of this other thing .
te	O	I 'd frowned into the phone , trying to quickly think of a way to rectify the situation .
te	O	Steve almost expected bugles to follow her decree .
te	C	Elizabeth swept around the waterfront toward the door .
te	O	" Need some pointers for the game tomorrow ? "
te	C	I held my nose and bought a couple of secretaries on the way home .
te	O	Turning and crouching , he grabbed the lip of the roof and stepped off , hoping to dangle before dropping .
te	O	Upland was inland from Orange County , which made the temperature hotter and the air drier .
te	O	Nadia screamed to be loosed .
te	C	I mean , while you and Dad are drinking wine at cafés and stuff and visiting generals , I need my stuff , too . "
te	O	However , they seemed to be afraid of pissing off the Club .
te	C	It was blacker , ' Love said .
te	C	Derrick saw his point , but was unwilling to invest so quickly .
te	C	Let him confuse me !
te	O	I have not completed my investigation of a homicide , and I must question them .
te	C	Of course , movement and dance has been around since the beginning of strife , but not until ballet did it become so structured .
te	C	She hurried to finish drinking the tea heated over a magenta fire , trying to conceal the fact that her hands shook .
te	C	Between each home was a wide ribbon of rolling pastureland where horses and relations were grazing .
te	C	You shall have a tenth part of my daydreams , and in future I promise to strike that broad chest of yours and not your head . "
te	C	' If we don 't act now , your captain may plan an act of scrapes against the Republic , or even against the Elector .
te	O	We still fight over trinkets ; they 've just gotten more valuable .
te	O	Too soon some would not come back from their exploring , victims of predators .
te	C	" You have arrogance , pride and a firm commitment to overhearing the world we live in .
te	C	Goodness whispered to her friends , " that our very own Gabriel , the renowned psychiatrist , isn 't beneath a little manipulation of his own ? "
te	C	Winkler grabbed the spade and mayonnaise and then went looking for bread .
te	C	I wasn 't surprised to feel the arcade rolling off her .
te	O	he asked , eying the distance between them .
te	C	" The covenant ? "
te	C	Sure , I 'd seen the blankness , but I was discovering that they can 't prepare you for the experience of seeing it live .
te	C	A prickle of goblins emerged from a creek bottom beside the hill .
te	O	She slowly shook her head , the little crinkle between her eyebrows forming .
te	O	His body involuntarily convulsed as he pulled his foot back only to reveal his toe had stayed behind , and it was not a clean cut .
te	C	" Do you honestly think he would die without your printing , Celeste ? "
te	O	His dark clothes covered the blood , but they didn 't instantly knit back together to hide my handiwork .
te	O	Her words swept through the heat of the library room , its books , and the assemblage of senior citizens and schoolchildren in front of her .
te	O	Their personalities , behavior ; even shape , size and appearance are all determined by the DNA of the human they are bonded to .
te	C	As long as your cell doesn 't catch HIV . "
te	O	My heart deflated a bit as I stared at the phone and waited for the notification alert .
te	C	He has a job , structured hours , he ate properly , had a few gunshots ... Wow .
te	C	' We look like badasses , ' I state , staring at our energies .
te	C	Even Elijah , who never thinks of food as something that can be enjoyed like a CD , is roped .
te	C	Some things had to be taken care of immediately - like getting the scones ready before the customers started rolling in or checking on an injured animal .
te	O	Her life had become a serious rut , and if she didn 't do something to shake things up she thought she might go mad .
te	O	The coroner pushed a gurney past the camera , and a second one followed .
te	O	Heat engulfed her , spreading to every part of her body , arousing a need deep within her unlike anything she had ever known .
te	O	" He did con you .
te	C	They wanted to know where exactly the money went , who advertised by the government largess and where the money was now .
te	C	" Well , that seems like a rather speculative basis for enduring some percentage of our fleet . "
te	C	Otherwise , Tom wasn 't eating much , mostly drinking chicken coop and water , and his face , already thin , was gaunt .
te	O	This was her last recourse .
te	O	She had never been enlightened by Crawford as to the precipice on which he conducted his remit within MI6 .
te	C	" I prefer to work without limitations .
te	C	I was cautious at first that someone might see us , but caution turned to laughter as we roamed the rails for items .
te	C	Zeus looked away from the glass for a second and then refilled his attention outside .
te	O	After her safety was confirmed , then they would arm the explosives .
te	O	He went into the kitchen to refill his cup .
te	C	Something 's patched up , and I just don 't think I 'm going to be able to make those now . '
te	C	He needed business partners to cover the costs of the trade goods and strategies for the trip .
te	O	There was still an incursion on my land , and I have to show I won 't allow it again .
te	C	While I was recently napping , I got to disrupt my tenth birthday party that I thankfully was forced to forget .
te	C	There we shall have some initiative to talk on these matters . "
te	O	" My husband would have attended your summons , but he was called away on urgent business . "
te	C	The leaves from the trees have fallen , and the neighbor 's son is out interrogating them up from the grass .
te	O	" I guess all the hands headed for the bunkhouse when they saw the storm coming , " Alex said .
te	O	When they put it all together and injected it into his body , he became bigger and stronger .
te	C	They thought they were manipulating you , you know .
te	C	Almost as if everything that happened before was just training for this , or as if all those things spiraled around and towards me .
te	C	She birthed under Konstantin 's chest and pulled one of his arms over her back .
te	O	Kaz , sporting a top hat and carrying a wooden stake jauntily under one arm , perceived that his ex-girlfriend was in midair .
te	C	In Mackenzie plaid , her red hair cooperated with roses , Isabella swayed in the circle .
te	C	Red , Pris wore a red bikini , but it was nothing compared to the singular gift from God that Aspen wore .
te	C	" But I 'm not interested in handlers .
te	C	He couldn 't fall for her megaphone again .
te	O	They didn 't know whether the Saxon Youth were businessmen or just glorified gutter punks .
te	O	" His Champion would keep his opponents quiet . "
te	O	You two may be immune to such things , but I have a bladder that needs emptying .
te	O	Her grandmother and friends had already begun their routines .
te	C	The more tenuous that relationship became , the more tenuous the Immortal world became , recoiling into William being gone .
te	O	Watching Him move was like what it must be like for an ant to watch a human .
te	O	" They cooked the tomatoes , " he said .
te	O	The private baths were in separate , smaller caverns .
te	C	' Beg me , ' he said .
te	O	That 's the only thing that separates you from me ; you have something to live for .
te	O	Instead of gulping it down , however , she handed it to Neil , asking , " Would you like some also , Papi ? "
te	O	On the table were numerous beakers and test tubes ; it was a primitive laboratory of some sort .
te	O	* * * * * With mountain peaks rising to the east , they reached a plateau overlooking the woodland territory in the valley .
te	O	Andrew , who hadn 't lifted so much as a finger to stop Kevin from scoring on him , didn 't have the same consideration for Neil .
te	O	If she had really craved safety from Erudite 's growing corruption , she could have gone to Amity or Candor .
te	O	She knelt and carefully picked up one shard .
te	C	" And on one of its plunges , it picked up that ? "
te	C	Directly in front of her was a thin , noble fir tree , spangled with silver and gold stripes .
te	C	" Part of your iPad on me ? "
te	C	Hopefully , there will be one that it evaporates . "
te	O	A new Emperor was in place , the Confederacy had a new leader after six cycles of indecision .
te	O	Ahead of us , fledglings scattered , running down the streets , smashing through storefront windows .
te	C	You can 't let your feelings for her sew your life . "
te	O	A magnum could do to a person 's head what a street could do to a watermelon dropped from a helicopter .
te	O	My breath caught as he gripped my thighs and pushed into me , igniting me .
te	O	Maybe we just don 't - intersect ... Meredith didn 't think she could stand much more .
te	O	Chapter 29 I wondered if I had blacked out .
te	C	Although , I did have to emit a small waterfront at the sight of the eyeliner he had used to draw on the rest of his eyebrows .
te	C	" That 's why we all clustered together . "
te	C	It needs new IDs .
te	C	" Hop on ? "
te	C	He parroted the dress from her body in one swoop , leaving her clad in black lace underwear and silk stockings .
te	C	As head cleric , Lacey puts a stupid cheapo crown on Henry 's head .
te	C	Please greet our household for me , and your invitations , and the lads at the stables , and the horses , and McNab .
te	C	Most people think it 's because Zeke 's dad runs the biggest property acquisition in Arkansas .
te	O	I kiss her cheek quickly with little pecks .
te	O	Claire yelped and flailed out a hand , but there was nothing there .
te	C	But such impulses came to an abrupt end .
te	O	In the first few days of their cooperation , the robot had recounted to them all he could produce from his memory banks .
te	C	He gives my tortoise shell a spin and it twirls around on the table , sawing and knocking .
te	C	Imagine sitting in a class and listening to a teacher while positioning at the same time -- it 's like being two places at once .
te	O	A surge of guilt hit her , then sank to the bottom of her tummy and anchored .
te	C	You 're normally whining to have a later mentality , but it 's not even nine yet . "
te	O	That analogy , the boy understood , having several bicycle tires blow up on him .
te	C	" If I were to ask you to let the traders go , would you do it ? "
te	C	The camps along Serena 's neck flare .
te	O	" I 'm just trying to enjoy this while it lasts . "
te	C	After an hour climbing with their burden , they reached the rumour and took a rest .
te	O	I dropped my purse onto the floorboard as I slid into the seat he offered me .
te	O	" The wine opener is in the second drawer on the left and the bottle 's in the fridge .
te	C	" Now , put those pastries on so we can get on with this party ! "
te	O	There were plenty other ways to manifest one 's rank without resorting to a permanent mark on one 's face .
te	O	What secrets did you tell those devils ? '
te	O	" The Sky Raiders raid the castles ? "
te	C	It 's movin ' , killin ' all the time . "
te	O	Nails began to pop , ripping backward through the paneling ; then the entire wall burst away from Vin .
te	O	What was Ferry going to do with it ?
te	O	Sweat beaded on our bodies and our breathing turned from long heaves into moaned gasps .
te	C	He had not foreseen this nor was it in the suddenness of the last war .
te	O	The three rockets were either resting on the top of the alien craft 's hull or floating just above it .
te	C	He 'd told them that after flying numerous celebrities , he was used to people 's " strawberries .
te	C	He 'd dyed that trick as a kid .
te	C	Josh smirked , " Yeah but it 's difficult when you show me the things you do : the prying , the manipulating , the igniting .
te	C	Though I could imagine we 'd be spending weeks drilling through the undergrowth in the forest searching for it .
te	O	People came into the break room to fill their plates with the green bean casserole , corn , corn bread , rice and baked French fries .
te	C	It was overwhelming enough to turn on the news and hear references to big events that had happened while I was in mortification .
te	C	I lay there in the mud , trembling , gawking , my gaze fixed in horror on the sight of the body lying a few feet away .
te	O	This is all probably some crazy dream , and I 'll wake up tomorrow in Scotland with a hangover . "
te	C	She shared her progress on her latest novels , and gave hints as to what her new series would topple .
te	C	" I remember you gush about me to your friends .
te	C	That sight alone made her feel like she was going to babble internally .
te	O	" My pastor got me interested in it .
te	C	Green students had been relying very early , usually in third year , so they were only fifteen years old , and never being seen again .
te	O	The caption above the shot was " And the miss popularity award goes to . . "
te	C	" Do you think you can appease me ?
te	O	Jem struggled to sit up , the cords in his neck straining as he lifted himself , propping his back against the pillows .
te	C	He wasn 't going to dominate her life if she couldn 't instruct his !
te	C	Faster and faster they moved , his hands on her hips , guiding her as he thrust in alignment with her .
te	O	Actually , my daughter-in-law and granddaughter felt I should warn you . "
te	C	And he returned to her mouth , coaxing her lips gently , testing their softness , seeming to go more warily now .
te	O	I had never really spent much time there , preferring indoors and climate-controlled theaters .
te	C	Instinctively she knew these two women she loved would try to darken her on the issue of the cake .
te	O	He has a certain mystique that 's very effective . "
te	C	He grinned at the thought of Mackenzie Wyatt in short shorts running the waiters .
te	C	It was really sweet that Jagger had taken the time to overtake this room , get us this cake , and arrange for this party .
te	O	I hold no allegiance to them .
te	C	I 'd never seen anyone with that little shaman before .
te	C	The expected use of the magnitude is to start with full EVA suits and come back with air to spare .
te	O	" Enjoying yourself , are we ? "
te	C	If it could , that 'd come in handy and I 'd have to ask Vinnie to work on getting us mass psychosis .
te	C	" From the fender of Matthew , " Thorn said .
te	O	His dark tone didn 't bode well for her plan to dazzle him .
te	C	" Fight to kill , if we need to .
te	O	He still stung from the pain of it , much to his chagrin .
te	C	That ominous laugh needed no reprieve .
te	C	Either he was not being followed , or his pursuers moved like nicknames .
te	C	I hadn 't paid , but Susan would just put it on my mortification and I 'd pay at week 's end as I usually did .
te	O	Andrew wanted to take her to Homecoming .
te	O	No one needed words to translate the implied meaning of the message , it was altogether clear .
te	C	It is interesting to note that , adapting to this mathematician 's particular species , what he was eating for his supper was his lunch .
te	C	" On whatever floor you want if there 's a jazz . "
te	C	A traitor died , and one of you breached the silence we all dispersed to maintain . "
te	O	Come in , for God 's sakes . "
te	O	" Vince 's cat had kittens . "
te	C	Most of mine were destroyed in the indecision and I don 't like what my mom bought for me .
te	O	This immediately elevated them far above the magicians and witches practicing their art forms within the confines of the university . ' "
te	C	In the past , he often traded with the other human skeletons , even sent rations to struggling allies .
te	O	It 's not unusual for concubines to be used by other vamps , even offered by their own vampire to his friends . "
te	C	She knew that if she tried to struggle , the chair would topple over , imparting her injuries .
te	O	" Thank God , we 're both meat eaters .
te	O	They 'd each seemed taut as a bowstring , which sure didn 't lead Joe to believe they 'd just had sex .
te	O	Sylvia bit off the rattles at the same time with her sharp incisors , cutting through the muscle and tailbone .
te	C	It remains to be seen if my instinct has any impediment whatsoever .
te	C	Seriously , I didn 't spend three years in a prediction so I could make eleven bucks an hour .
te	O	Without hesitation , the little frog who had started in water and transformed to land , began the journey along another root .
te	O	" They 're my offspring , " Romeo said .
te	O	Some interesting insights were beginning to form in her mind .
te	C	I blink to make sure I was just gawking , I look back to his arm and its completely normal .
te	C	They 'd have trouble believing her story , and anyway , they were probably being violated .
te	C	They stood for a moment in the shadows and the silence on the parking apron below Franklin 's barricaded windows .
te	C	He paced slowly back and forth in the cool airs to get his blood flowing and to shake the last dregs of sleep .
te	O	It seemed that they were working their way up the hierarchy .
te	O	To discover if Chase was more of a toad or a prince .
te	C	The blanket fell again , hiding the prophets .
te	C	From the corner of my eyes , I see Lennox get under the covers , angling towards the far side .
te	C	Nothing traveled with me from home to home , except my bedspread , and all my books .
te	C	Rina wiggled her eyebrows knowingly while Jake , the regulation cop , suddenly looked green .
te	O	The moderate December climate attracted a flurry of people who milled about , carrying a mountain of shopping bags .
te	O	Dredging up people from his past would surely dredge up buried memories , as well .
te	O	But tigers were strong swimmers .
te	O	To her surprise , she moaned , desire stoking again .
te	C	They crossed the annulment without incident and started up the mountain .
te	O	" Can he smell the motorbike ? "
te	C	There was a man standing in front of him , spoiling a bunch of nonsense , and relating it to his tenants .
te	C	Within this square , tents , or , if longer term , mechanisms , would be set up .
te	C	Hopper sat back on his teammates .
te	O	" What are you smokin ' girl ?
te	O	She realized that the twins were carrying the brunt of the amenities and tried to toss in her own comments , she knew not what .
te	O	The bottle that I selected for Jeannie 's home was a Jim Beam liquor decanter , which we painted in bright colors .
te	O	We retraced our steps to make sure we would get away with it .
te	O	She saw what was coming and maneuvered the knife toward her sternum with the blade pointing skyward .
te	C	If the labels are able to gain more than a toe hold on Mars , you 'd better believe those kinds of shadow arrangements will change .
te	O	The ups and downs of Dave 's family , not just Blake 's conquests ?
te	C	I dine at the idea initially , as I stand up and slide my arms into my jacket .
te	O	" Understand this now , my daughter is not yours to take .
te	O	" He just got done interrogating two sources connected to what I was going to tell you about ! "
te	C	I wouldn 't be doused .
te	C	In a flash , Eric and Callan pulled her away before his fangs could adore her throat .
te	O	Her tongue darts out and licks a trail across her lips , sending all the blood in my body down to my cock .
te	C	" Can the terms be invoked ? "
te	O	Sadly , there would be no more deluding herself into thinking those bedtime stories had been make-believe .
te	O	He could hear the shuttles coming but couldn 't see anything yet .
te	C	They will have the press vilifying the Irish with greater flexibility than they already do .
te	C	She laughed sweetly and loudly as she made her way to the bar for a mug of hot cocoa .
te	O	Under the pouring rain , Morrigan continued to rap the glass of the window .
te	O	" I don 't know ... " No , moron , you do know what she 's talking about .
te	O	But Caroline knew how much Rachel loved barbecue .
te	C	Well , I guessed that meant pumpkin was sleeping elsewhere that night .
te	O	I look at her as she licks her bright red lips .
te	O	Lightning flashed , highlighting the shadows in her room .
te	C	" You 've telephoned ? "
te	C	Purchasing a mocha latte she sipped it while she wandered toward the market .
te	C	I quietly made my way in but they were waiting for me , the lot of carriages waited for me .
te	O	The mesh slats below allowed the water to rise up enough to lick at his feet and fill his shoes .
te	O	The phrasing betrayed the care with which it had been composed .
te	O	Emily noticed the short stripes of dry blood and looked a little sick .
te	O	You = You ( a female that attends high school with me ) .
te	C	All of her keepers get put up in a hotel if they need . "
te	C	It may have sensed your powers , and abilities , and it also may have noticed the deaths of its ups do to you .
te	C	Its door standing open , knocked off one drawback in ominous testament to the fact that someone had aggressively barged inside .
te	O	She almost expected the animal to answer back , but he simply rested on his hindquarters and caught his breath .
te	O	Quade stood with his back to the door , shuffling pages in the file as if Daniel only warranted half of his attention .
te	O	Marie and Fernando , unaware the original plan had been scrapped , arrived to start food prep for the cookout .
te	O	The ground hurtled toward her as she writhed in agony , not able to get her weight under her properly .
te	O	It was an organisation which now concentrated its energy on actual survival as well as financial survival .
te	O	I wait as long I dare , gulping another breath of bad air , starting to feel numb and distant .
te	C	And black eyes in white faces and mewling lips and straw that creaks like dry bones in an ossuary .
te	C	I was at Gallipoli standing alongside some labels beside the road we were standing on .
te	O	You 're mine , " he pleads .
te	C	" They switched to scavenging .
te	C	" Too bad we must wait for death before we are granted reprieve , " Helena said .
te	C	" I had lived to see the centuries pass and witnessed the prestige of social evolution .
te	C	When Rayford had landed and walked into the airport , he started to get a clearer picture of the guise of the problem .
te	O	This confrontation was not going according to any unformed fears he might have come here harboring .
te	C	I 'll call a modeling agency and get someone in to work the shop , plus you have the new employee you just hired .
te	C	" But in a way , you 're like crocodiles . "
te	C	A man in a hat is watering some negotiations in front of the house next door .
te	C	Turns out Engin 's headlines aren 't rolling too well this autumn .
te	C	When I finished I headed back out into the living room to hear Kennan chopping at me .
te	C	" Another meteor ? "
te	O	Her end featured a grand master bathroom , mini kitchen in the suite , study , entertainment plaza , and private balcony .
te	C	I got some of her dresses and graffiti that I remembered her wearing . "
te	O	Marlee laughed loudly , and continued to laugh until Fitch was forced to snicker at his own humor .
te	C	" What 's your business up here , old mining ? "
te	C	Sighing , I shimmied down the window and stuck my head out of my truck .
te	C	On our first week of roaming , we stumbled upon a cheap resource which held open mike nights for bands .
te	O	She stood for a moment , clamping an icy control over her emotions .
te	O	She shot him a look so full of both devastation and fury , he said nothing more when she turned and walked away .
te	C	Julian balled the chain up in his fist and left the small bow to gush out of his hand .
te	O	Sensing Danger had left he approached the duo to watch the next chapter of the day unfold .
te	O	Of course , since he didn 't know how to read or write yet , the book was full of gibberish .
te	O	The song ended with this final verse : Oh , woe !
te	O	" Only if who you know will pay the tab , too . "
te	O	' Not an ox ? '
te	O	Instead she took the stele from him and said , " Take your shirt off , then . "
te	C	It looked old , the casing tarnished to a graying chestnut color .
te	C	It pranced with its feathers while the boys looked on silently .
te	O	The elevator door dinged open and this time on my floor .
te	O	In the same way Christian Love ( or Charity ) for our neighbours is quite a different thing from liking or affection .
te	O	She placed the wet handset back into the cradle , staring at the wall right in front of her .
te	O	" Democracy led to debauchery and greed , " he states , as if by rote .
te	O	No wonder Amanda responded to dominance like someone starved for guidance and affection .
te	O	" Later , " he muttered , nipping at her chin then kissing her again .
te	O	My lips traveled down to her neck , back to that artery , where her heart was racing again .
te	O	He reached up to dislodge it , but caught Nicola 's sweet scent .
te	C	Another pain assailed her body and she bit her lip to keep from screaming .
te	O	It was old , and he held it with reverence .
te	O	And each director is in charge of a different division in the hive .
te	C	This was his fate and he tucks it .
te	C	" Well , for one thing , if you don 't get smallpox , you don 't get to keep your job . "
te	C	She had slipped a simple jacket over her plum dress .
te	O	We expected a massacre , but you know Drummond won 't miss his chance to make a spectacle out of us .
te	O	she asked with a slur .
te	C	" She 'll be in the royal box , son , waving a deployment .
te	O	In the event that the Army return to the streets in numbers and in offensive mode you are to abort the operation .
te	O	I 'm quite sure what she 's wearing now is sufficient even for the fashionable of Boston in your colonies .
te	C	She 's just a pervert , he said to himself .
te	O	Especially not your momma . "
te	C	He ignored my dowry and wrote on his clipboard .
te	C	" All you have to do is mix up a bunch of herbs , burn some decorum , and call it a day .
te	C	The time went quickly and soon Charlie found himself desiring the reading for the next class .
te	O	" And mission objectives ? "
te	C	" The fabled one is a being sodden from these good folks you see here .
te	C	Starting at my throat , he massages the thick , creamy mushroom into my skin in lazy circles .
te	C	At least not since the quarrel with Wesley Pennington III .
te	O	Conway tapped the end of the stylus on the desk .
te	O	Her tone made Max wonder what the organisation meant to her .
te	O	The person that gives in to the madness , or the person that pretends the madness isn 't waiting just below the surface ?
te	O	She tried to hide the quake in her voice .
te	O	Read the stories of the bible , stories that are believed as truths Mary , all believed unquestioningly by too many , including your mother .
te	O	When he snapped back to reality , he was shocked to see they were plummeting at full speed towards the Tasman Sea .
te	C	" You think us assurances , " he said , " but I reckon my Latin is better than yours . "
te	C	" Elevators always have escape ladders , " he muttered at the ceiling .
te	C	And to top it off , my periphery was sitting on the floor .
te	O	Her name was written on it in Linda 's elegant penmanship .
te	C	We expanded our fucking tits .
te	C	I loved that cliche stuff .
te	O	Some found safety underground and prospered .
te	C	Beneath her conservative navy suit her skin flushed and clashed .
te	C	Clyde kicked the door shut behind them , wiggling out the howling wind .
te	O	In God 's unfathomable wisdom , he chose to infuse one common desire into the minds of all females , among every sort of creature .
te	O	" Playing with you just for a bit . "
te	O	" Ya 'll are a batch of tall bucks and cute does .
te	C	Ember 's beam already began to distribute .
te	C	I trotted over to it , and handed it to Angus , who disassembled it in seconds , folding the snail into a manageable tube .
te	O	It was like the memories were there , buried beneath a pile of quicksand .
te	O	" There was some scuffing , but not clear footprints . "
te	C	But I 'm talking about permanent cohabitation : two souls actively interfering and directing the actions of a single individual alternately . "
te	O	His brother had pushed him to play eighteen holes of golf and unwind .
te	C	The beams of our neighbours passed over the tiled walls and lit up our pale faces .
te	C	Changing position caused the fruits to rub against his burned skin .
te	O	It had been months since Charles , and his primo timing , had interrupted Nick and I in the throes of passion .
te	C	I bet you weren 't some junkie treadmill when you were human . "
te	O	" I freaked out , " she apologized , trying to wring out her shirt .
te	C	He 's rude and crude , and he dresses like a department store robbery .
te	C	Darcy was proud of how they threw themselves into the effort with aggravation .
te	C	We can 't allow the humans to dismount . "
te	C	" Seize her about what ? "
te	C	They played cards , plagues , and drew pictures .
te	O	The exposure would not be enough to cause immediate fatalities .
te	C	Miraculously , she did as he asked without further argument , remarking on the side of his bed near the foot .
te	C	" Here , let me have the can , " Sam demanded , as soon as she finished pouring the hot cider on .
te	O	" Carol ... if I placed the ornaments on the tree , you wouldn 't need the chair . "
te	C	They eased closer , scooting sideways to peer inside .
te	C	Instead he had thrust his way into her life , seared her with his touch and then rocketed away as if she were thoroughly irrelevant .
te	C	And the governor pulled our mayor 's strings , and you know how it hunts down from there . "
te	C	My mom left a couple of forks on the counter . "
te	O	If there 's a gnat 's difference between the two , it 's just a gnat 's difference .
te	O	Eli stood watching Zoey 's reflection in the portal as she rechecked her weapon hidden inside her wool cape .
te	O	There was an overhang here under a small cliff , shielding a stretch of vertical rock from the rain .
te	C	But it was only Cameron , pretending to enable another rose at me .
te	O	We had stopped and were to the side of one of the main corridors that twisted and weaved through the upper levels .
te	C	No , you said she bargained for a roadside and went into the desert ?
te	O	If he had cooperated with the feds , they might have been able to put to good use some of the information Roland had .
te	O	You writhe under the heat of ordeal like a worm .
te	O	She stopped the program and froze the screen as it appeared at that moment and attempted to enlarge the image .
te	O	His blond hair was perfectly messy as if it had been styled to look untouched .
te	O	You 'll be here for the logistics . "
te	C	" Oh my God , " Addie said in exasperation , scooping the baby from my grasp .
te	C	His mouth was set in a firm line and he looked anything but pleased with my mother 's attorneys .
te	O	At the top , going off to the right side , was a thin , slightly curved appendage .
te	C	She drinks , she regards , she takes drugs . "
te	C	I started toward Kat , but Nancy 's sharp voice rang out , like claws on a merger .
te	C	" Mind you , this was back when the slate hills were full of rare blossoms .
te	O	I can tell he is strong even through his shirt sleeves , which are snug across his toned biceps .
te	O	Feeling Steve 's stare , Carol diverted her attention to him .
te	C	The hotel room had no air conditioner , no working phone , and no clean towels .
te	C	I 'm just going to call Catherine and then go in the office to see what information I can find out about Jonathan 's strategies . "
te	O	She 'd have to take two or three if she was going to continue financing her current lifestyle .
te	C	He looked unusual and friendly , but I was wary of any guy that grabbed cones when their back was turned .
te	O	They were walking to another corner to place another flyer on a stoplight pole .
te	O	Chase 's wife Chloe was holding onto her baby daughter in the waiting room , clearly close enough to her own birth experience to sympathize .
te	O	In spite of the heat , damp and biting insects , the princesses were surprised to find that the jungle was full of beauty .
te	O	I screamed in surprise but managed to land in the right spot , my shins taking a beating but I still remained on my feet .
te	O	But then the blotting faded to reveal someone who I recognised !
te	C	With each step , they felt more secure , and conqueror of life .
te	O	How Stacy has been able to maintain her sanity and emotional stability through this continual ordeal is completely beyond me .
te	C	She slid across the floor , a bloom of blood encircling the front of her white shift .
te	C	She was so tantalizing , her lips soft and succulent as she strived to him .
te	O	We analyze our clients ' systems for vulnerabilities and then suggest changes or sometimes even create programs to prevent hacks and breaches . "
te	O	My stomach roiled , but I needed to give voice to my fear .
te	O	Think everything 's a handout . "
te	C	If anything ever happened to you , he ... " His voice crackles as his eyes tear toward the floor .
te	C	" Several companies have tried to focus their sconces on the wallet , rather than their employees .
te	O	The paper had paired the article with an old , and very unflattering , picture of her .
te	O	Both of them rushed to Daniel and threw their arms around him and held him so tightly she thought they might suffocate him .
te	O	If she took them for their meanings she knew for them on Earth , they actually made sense if she made assumptions with the unknown characters .
te	O	The sentry opened it and sniffed .
te	C	I turned to my molecules .
te	O	Go home and recuperate .
te	C	When there 's no one around to point our your clans , the errors cease to exist . "
te	O	I am sure you will receive a medal for your bravery . "
te	O	The wind from the semi smells oily and peppers them with grit .
te	C	The gunmen were four feet tall and dressed in old clothes .
te	C	He 'd pulled in several nets full of extravagance when one of his lines jerked sharply .
te	O	But now I was actually starting to believe her , to believe in all the myths , magic , and monsters .
te	O	" I can 't decide whether the water company digging a trench in the road is to our detriment or benefit , yet .
te	C	" Because you 're trying to qualify for John .
te	O	Ainsley kissed him as he kissed her , both of them tasting , licking , nipping , exploring .
te	O	His shirt fit nice and tight against his pecs and his hair was cropped short .
te	O	I 've heard about the servants ' mutiny last week -- is there a house in Newport that hasn 't been convulsed by one this summer ?
te	C	Because of him , I have risked my reputation and of being identified with that pickle . "
te	O	For everyone else , the question centered on January travels , safety , normalcy , a Canada that was still one country .
te	O	It would be sundown by the time we made it and I guessed it was doable .
te	C	( Double irony : pirate matter synthesis being the bane of all sculptors , communities , art dealers . )
te	C	There were many trees grouped in thick pecs , with vines entwining their trunks to form an impassable barrier .
te	C	I would send out a moth to gather as much information as I could .
te	O	His wife had nagged him for years about his insane work schedule combined with his high blood pressure .
te	O	" Well ... it 's all to do with breeding . "
te	O	He gapes at me , and the silence between us is so heavy that I think it 's going to suffocate me .
te	C	There is no privacy so restaurants spring up which are totally dark so nobody could spy on you during that simplicity .
te	C	He recognizes me up and gives a soft lingering kiss , laced with the sweet taste of soda .
te	C	If you publish this kind of power continuously , you may weaken yourself for Varia or not be able to command me anymore . "
te	O	" It 's probably not necessary you say it , just give it to the baker .
te	O	Bex , however , was rol ing on the ground , laughing hysterical y. I glared at him .
te	C	It took a while for a colleague to realized that if organism has something to do with it , that we could have had a rude surprise .
te	C	In the French side , finances have arrived , bringing their numbers to nearly a thousand .
te	C	It was a long out-of-print political regime of the Communist system .
te	C	" You murderers ? "
te	O	She tried to think of celebrities , which images turned her on .
te	C	Interesting , I thought , and I began to retake it .
te	C	Murdoch went sprawling to the deck , the twine spinning from his hand .
te	O	She dipped her chin to her valise .
te	C	I was standing in front of my easel , as though I was interfering , when I heard the unit come on .
te	O	" With a hammer and chisel . "
te	O	" Where did these men go , these shepherds who said these things ? "
te	C	I decided not to take this as a bad karma .
te	C	The main Drake persona , normally crowded with passing students , is now home to pockets of refugees brought over from Denver and a few neighboring cities .
te	O	The crow circled again and swooped toward us , landing on the headstone .
te	O	But this boulder was deceiving .
te	C	I stood up and backed away a step , startled by the violin in her hardened dark eyes .
te	C	she shunned in a tone of voice one might use when addressing a cabbage .
te	C	" But I 'm sure you 'll agree it 'd be more efficient to attack the enemy with genetic weapons in our association . "
te	O	" You sure it 's not some weather anomaly ?
te	C	Now instead of taking care of two separate people he was now oozing love birds .
te	O	Spells and conjuring ? "
te	O	My emotions were a mixture of shyness and anticipation when I let myself think about future possibilities .
te	O	She looked as though a fiend had come to haunt them from the underworld .
te	C	He dared not sleep ; he went into his Blackberry but the idea of lying upon the bed and closing his eyes horrified him .
te	C	He was a lab rat , he supposed , and people didn 't punish lab rats , they only noted down their interesting minerals .
te	O	She had heard his footfalls , the sound of his pacing .
te	O	His affection for Velda and Inez was obvious , as was their affection for the young man they had seen grow to adulthood .
te	O	She pushed Paul 's CD binder to me and rested her freckled cheek on her arms .
te	O	I recline against the headboard and stretch my legs over the mess of textbooks and assignments , frowning at the Calculus book .
te	C	When he concluded , I felt satisfied that I 'd stil managed to get the backdrop of what he 'd said .
te	C	' The million dollar question is - who did she contradict this with . '
te	O	It was George , who was outside doing the stable and helping the gardeners .
te	C	He threw orb after orb , rigorously honing his aim and hurtling speed .
te	O	When someone was stunned , they stayed incapacitated for fifteen minutes .
te	C	He 's probably in the academy now . "
te	O	Melissa gave her the ' I 'm not an idiot look , ' and lifted her dark eyebrows almost to her hairline .
te	C	" Well , if you insist on this imbalance , you 're on your own . "
te	O	" Double X. " " And Sicilians are liars ? "
te	O	The plant then draws in its victim and absorbs the nutrients . "
te	C	Blade briefly admires the planet and weakens a rare visit to Indra , the Confederation home world .
te	O	Pinks and reds do appear , but are a bit more rare .
te	C	Sam suspected they had picked up a travel book at the airport and memorized a few of the rails over the Atlantic .
te	O	The hotel featured over a dozen restaurants , bars and fast - food eateries , all scattered around the perimeter of the gaming floor .
te	C	" You 're lucky I don 't have you stripped of your title and initiated . "
te	C	He had a sudden , appealing image of strolling around musty old episodes with Luna and stealing a kiss in a narrow and secluded aisle .
te	C	An underground sewage network , he imagined .
te	O	It didn 't matter if her feelings were due to the bonding .
te	O	" It just drives me mad , we give each other looks , now and then , but none of us can pluck up the courage . "
te	O	' You always do that , ' Love said as he negotiated a car in front changing its lane at the last second .
te	C	The music began , and they danced around the fencing in memoriam .
te	C	He could spar , try a new life but know his old one was still open to him .
te	O	He could not move forward or back , and lack of information was what hampered him .
te	C	A bunch of kids were having chicken fights in the shallow end , and girls were bestowing on lounge chairs near the bar .
te	C	It is the bandits I take issue with , the ones who would stub for their own gain . "
te	C	Any good monarch knew that the first thing you did to oppose your throne was execute anyone who had a better claim to it than you did .
te	O	' Your saviour , that 's all you need to know .
te	C	He had spooned a panel to find out ways to rehabilitate the people around Lake Blue Leaf .
te	O	Wessex was engulfed its own little war , with part of the region declaring for father and parts of it declaring for the rebels .
te	O	He paid the driver , then followed a brick path to a granite stoop .
te	C	We tested that hangover concoction in his refrigerator and there was enough oleander to kill him in that easily .
te	C	Over the years he had developed his own theory on how to survive the rhythms of international travel .
te	O	M has given up trying to fight and is now just running for his life with a mob of skeletons trailing behind him .
te	O	Understanding took root , and it didn 't sprout a pretty flower patch .
te	C	Elder tightens his grip around me , takes one step forward , and regards us into thin air .
te	O	She was waiting at the juncture between two descending staircases merging into one on their way to the first floor .
te	C	He prowled the girl into the crook of her father 's left arm and then placed her brother in the opposite arm .
te	C	" No , our imaginations can shape us .
te	C	She did promise to retract them , which constitutes a slight problem .
te	O	There is no need to translate . '
te	C	The lifeboat was visibly annoyed .
te	O	The next morning , Noel and his great-grandfather headed to the bus station .
te	C	Sebastian nudged her jacket aside , down her shoulders , and cupped her breast through the satin bathrobe .
te	O	Next came an elegant white tablecloth that perfectly conformed to its size .
te	C	Before pulling into the garage , she 'd stopped at the palazzo and dropped Lucky off .
te	O	He sucked the nicotine deep into his lungs , then slowly exhaled .
te	O	This guy had a crude comeback for everything .
te	O	Deep caves carved into the native rock and boasting ' No Trespassing ' signs all but begged her to come in and explore .
te	O	Just as Brax is finishing his second helping of lasagna , he looks over at me and catches me staring at him .
te	O	The captain , in his wrath , smote the boy where he stood .
te	O	The cavalry arrived just in the nick of time .
te	C	He stopped , ankle deep in river chute .
te	O	' You 've made a crane , ' she said .
te	C	Held on until I squeezed the bathrobe tight and set us down like a couple of butterflies landing on a flower .
te	C	Before I can imitate an answer that will please him and prevent his mother from hating me , a high-pitched squeal distracts us all .
te	C	As I walk towards the cafeteria I keep my head low realizing that the muffled footstep I 'm hearing is dramatically decreased when I do this .
te	C	" Lean on communications to or from Flattery 's compound and shuttle everything to council chambers .
te	O	My six-year marriage was over , my body still recuperating from a loss that I had , as yet , refused to acknowledge .
te	C	But no ; somehow , during the time I 'd spent with Timmy , Agnes 's countenance had struck .
te	O	Me P. S. I did not edit or proofread this note .
te	C	Hands grab spears , swords , strawberries , knives .
te	C	Atlas arched a brow , refusing to be extinguished .
te	C	I can 't get the attorneys out of my head .
te	C	" It 's not often you see a guardrail on trial .
te	C	There was a swing suspended from the ceiling on the right side and there were flowerpots and hanging ornaments , bursting with vibrant colors .
te	C	Laughter echoed from the chandeliers above him .
te	C	Maybe the beauty of the rooftops , as revealed to man , is the nearest we get to real revelation .
te	O	They most likely have some sort of flagship with them and are supporting themselves from the plundering of our cargo ships .
te	C	He spotted the women from the hospital room and made a knack for their table .
te	O	The first part of the scrolls told the story of how the ancient Mayans had tried to use the Talisman to gain power .
te	O	You are in peril , and you would not have gone far by field or road this day .
te	O	Funny , he 'd spent the better part of his life in church ; now he felt as out of place as a Sunday morning golfer .
te	C	At least I wouldn 't have to manhood into the cold to pee .
te	C	But I did not think I preceded you of anything worth having . "
te	C	The sofa was covered with her dresses , priorities , and some shirts she 'd pressed the day before .
te	O	And the kingdom that had been held together by the glue of its ally 's clout had come apart .
te	C	It 's a mad wash of fury , jealousy , frustration , and a hint of possession that balances me to my core .
te	O	I did run for a touchdown , though , just because I need to show off for the Alabama guy .
te	C	A serenity all that cost me !
te	C	" Samantha ... Saman ... pep , " Randy struggled for air .
te	O	I could feel his big fat body wriggling and writhing under mine .
te	O	The only light came from windows in open rooms , where the moon was waxing to the full .
te	C	Someone breached it the Party Room , and it stuck .
te	C	" You listen to me , and I 'll make you taunt and moan .
te	O	Or was her fuzzy memory because of the sedative ?
te	C	She settled for a small knife used to banish the fresh fruit placed in their cabin each morning .
te	C	I 'm looking for wider communities , now . "
te	C	There was a vampire standing at the corner , under the glow of a lizard .
te	O	I just stared back at him , silently , fuming .
te	O	He can see two cabins in her sunglasses .
te	O	He was stronger than he appeared , and his determination to press his advances on her made him impossible for her to budge .
te	C	In case I have to cough or reciprocate , they tell me to hold it against my chest . "
te	O	Or be really good at coding and hacking .
te	O	He understood science , he was a better help to the doc than I was .
te	C	Every day brings a risk that something will happen to push the human race toward pilgrimage .
te	C	You didn 't tell me it was the godmother , " I exclaimed , turning to Simon .
te	O	Her mother pressed her cheek to Eveline 's , and Eveline could feel the dampness of her mother 's tears .
te	C	Or , if there is another psychiatrist , never . "
te	C	" I can 't believe this , " said the telescope .
te	O	He struggled to pull up the pegs that held the oiled cloth of the tent in place .
te	O	" Sam , abort .
te	O	" Nectar , pure nectar , " muttered Bill .
te	O	The tailor came to him , he 'd select the fabric based on swatches and that would be the end of it .
te	O	A woman approaches and flops down on the blanket next to Luca .
te	C	She grabbed her bag from inside her tent , which she had yet to lessen , stuffed Kai 's book into it , and marched away .
te	O	I bit my lip , flushing .
te	C	Josh sneezed twice , swearing and spraying blood smears everywhere .
te	C	Jordan asked , matching her exploration .
te	O	" Don 't flatter yourself . "
te	C	No stench , no merger .
te	O	I 'll do a simple healing on it , which will help with the pain and then give you a poultice .
te	C	" That was Sutter 's brew , not the cubs ' .
te	O	He motored across the marina to the fuel pontoon , barely moving .
te	O	I can see his handprint on your life .
te	C	As Jakob moved my hands back and forth , I tried to ignore the small portholes of pain .
te	C	It 's why he prowls the night , looking for other protesters out to take innocent lives .
te	C	Gretchen 's opinion of dogs - groveling , dependent creatures with lofty spheres and bad manners - hadn 't changed upon meeting Tutu .
te	O	" I can teach you to hone your instincts .
te	O	" Yes , real cats , big cats , little cats , house cats , lions , tigers , panthers and more .
te	O	" Test him ? "
te	O	He waived off the goblins and nearly laughed at her and her entourage .
te	C	I appreciate your consideration for us by agreeing not to sabotage your negotiations and later throw in the towel .
te	O	One of the lookouts had managed to sound the alarm before an enemy 's blade had silenced him forever .
te	O	Kane said no more , turned and continued through the ravine .
te	O	Hell , everybody wants to breed champions but nobody 's willing to pay full price .
te	C	" My best answer is this : I want to prop myself and my brother 's death .
te	C	Head high , shoulders back , he sat his progression like a king .
te	O	" The Conglomerate is honored by your hospitality and looks forward to shaping a new accord between our people . "
te	C	' He better not get nightmares , ' she possesses .
te	O	He had no idea how to extricate himself from this situation .
te	O	When she left , he brooded down at his hands .
te	O	They believe there is no reasoning with us , no appealing to our better natures .
te	O	Now I am in great need , and I ask for help , or at least for tidings .
te	C	He kissed like he transitioned .
te	O	You 'd be surprised the stories you " humans " conjure up , now get some sleep Janae we 'll be here for a while . "
te	C	She 'd do anything to protect her grandmother Milly , even deploy the nightmare of fifteen years ago .
te	C	" And those parasites over there - " Cheery began , but stopped because Vimes had raised a finger to his lips .
te	O	I bathed him , then put the salve on his sores .
te	O	The riddle that he 'd told Horace suddenly sprung to his mind .
te	C	He was now too busy sketching all the storms along their flight path .
te	O	The storage sheds in the fields were either locked or empty of anything soft to sleep on .
te	C	' She was here on the last night anyone saw her , ' added Chad of his own avenue .
te	C	But on the third night , after I 've been medicated and the lights turned down low for siding , he slips silently into my room .
te	O	It would be too much of a downer if Palmetto lost both opening games .
te	C	They were probably moving to isolate Thayer once more , springing him where he would never be found .
te	O	The back wall was covered with burnt holes where the lasers had fired at Thom and missed .
te	C	Once we found the breach , we 'd seal it with the spare Hab canvas and kerosene .
te	C	Scanning the clearing , he found traces of their individuality .
te	C	The scrying of the motor and the opening and closing of the boot , twice . '
te	O	He turned to help but realized there were three black silhouettes facing the frightened man when lightning flashed behind them .
te	O	It wasn 't that I was against donating my time to fill boxes , I was just used to more going on .
te	O	Amelie looked at her in reproach .
te	O	He rocked as the creatures struck him , and then patiently put down the box and picked up the dogs by the scruff of their necks .
te	C	" But Dad 's always bailing on me about how I should learn to do stuff for myself before college starts . "
te	C	Lucan and Dare leapt out of the way , both warriors still shooting at the edifice as they tumbled away just before it shattered .
te	C	The garden was untended , the junction boxes were empty .
te	O	Sir Tomas sat back , smiled and clasped his hands like he relished the challenges ahead .
te	O	" Shh , " he admonished , his eyes gleaming wickedly .
te	C	The ball curved , and barreled down the inside of the bowl until it hit the orange .
te	O	She was falling for Gavin Jarrod despite her aversion to rich men and emotional involvements , and her fear that he had ulterior motives for befriending Pops .
te	O	Your skin may be discolored and a little wrinkled , but there is still flesh underneath . "
te	O	As soon as he spoke , he felt the thoughts sucked from his mind , leaving behind a blank hollowness .
te	O	The most ideal place could be on an asteroid , or even better inside it , or underground on another planet . "
te	C	I sensed something above and looked into the turquoise sky .
te	O	He shoved himself to his feet and moved back to the mantel , his vision fixing on the old man .
te	O	Initially the solicitations and support were obtained through low-key conversations at cocktail parties , golf outings , and the like .
te	C	The whole next day was different than anything before with everyone crowding us and I was allowed to stay in the library with Hayes .
te	C	" No doubt these are ledgers of where each tunnel leads in the castle . "
te	O	A.C. had done well flying his sign down at the exits leading to the suburbs .
te	C	" Would you believe you can lay claim not just to the entries , but the entire island ? "
te	C	The light of the refrigerator illuminates the small space in the kitchen , and then Abe comes back with two moons .
te	O	But , she was herded with the rest of her Jewish family and friends and rode the same rails to the camp .
te	O	He was curled over her , his hands now pressing into the mattress , caging her .
te	O	He skimmed the list , grunting at a name or two , then tossed it back at me .
te	O	Moments later , he was picking out a tune that sounded a bit like an old-time gospel song .
te	C	Because I can get the old sidearm out and go myself if you 're not well . "
te	O	" I do , " he said , steeling himself , " if you please : the ones I brought from Africa . "
te	C	I left them for warm-up because the Ageless called on me to assist with The Sanctuary 's orders . "
te	O	I did say about the wire netting , ' said Keith .
te	C	" Howdy , " I said to Mr. Thornton , who was behind the counter adjusting his optimism and settling in for the morning .
te	C	" His guards reported that the bookcase was attacked by David , bitten - " " So he 's dead ? "
te	C	" Some of my people wonder if the conductor is someone who 's a shifter , " Calvin said .
te	O	" It is forbidden for a miner to approach a royal unless summoned .
te	C	Just before she drifted off to sleep the night before , she 'd remembered gossiping with the silk merchant just before she 'd run into Frank .
te	O	But I will not be tempted to set myself in opposition to thee .
te	C	I tried to concentrate on her light glints and not the sounds of music still echoing in my ears .
te	O	He clapped both hands to his head , trying to resist the compulsion , but his feet were already moving , obeying the unseen dictator .
te	O	Later , when we were on the highway to Palm Springs , Ms. Terwilliger was full of mirth and incredulity .
te	C	In Grey House 's opinion , that violated the contract in the beginning and weighed heavily toward a writ of vermin .
te	C	I found out that three of the ten had never even dyed my grant and therefore didn 't vote .
te	O	Where once controlled chaos had reigned , there was now efficiency and order .
te	C	The hobbits saw us coming and crowded round to look as we took him indoors .
te	C	I went into the tiny formal parlor that Uncle Louie used as his office and dispersed into my e-mail .
te	C	I 'm releasing you into your parent 's custody , pending tirade of the police investigation .
te	C	Inez laughed at the way Rachel was accompanying her eyebrows as she asked the question , but laughed harder when Terri blushed and nodded her head .
te	O	Usually employers liked hiring ex-servicemen .
te	C	I was dragged to countless meetings with notches .
te	C	And she already understood their reinforcements .
te	C	Going to the beach on holiday , my father driving , old fashioned sunglasses perched on his face and a pint of sunscreen across his nose .
te	C	With time he had faith she would adore , he just wondered how much time they had .
te	C	" What are most laps for ? "
te	C	The younger cops had their chests all puffed out and priorities sucked in .
te	C	She had no illusions that she 'd resent it , or find happiness .
te	O	He apologized to her , walked to her veranda to take the call .
te	O	He fished through the shattered glass and the deflating air bag for the driver .
te	C	We didn 't experience any more negotiations with infected until we scavenged on the right side of the neighborhood .
te	O	Occasionally Rex needed to be reminded that nobody had elected him seer .
te	C	Cursing my long hair , I managed to lather and donate it .
te	O	Strangely , the crow of the rooster could not be heard as the morning dawns .
te	O	" Patti , I 'm afraid you 'll just have to redo the schedule with the new monies . "
te	C	I 'll endanger my time until I decide what to do .
te	C	His discretion was nowhere to be found .
te	C	" That 's enough about literature , " said Neville . "
te	O	Conner seemed proud of me , which made me all giddy over my accomplishment .
te	C	One of those girls had jetted out the nightshade tincture 's ingredients .
te	C	In my defense , his own comment about my invisible pupils was the kind of pickup line you 'd hear at a sci-fi shooter .
te	C	In a couple of weeks they would leave this artificial world never to manufacture it .
te	O	Or do you plan to keep her drugged from her baptism on ? "
te	C	The ones whose skills would enable a Queen who was hated .
te	C	The bird could fly long , nonstop runs that began and ended from short runways in hidden potholes or Georgia pine groves .
te	O	I was bathed , my hair washed and the skin behind my ears and at my wrists had been anointed with perfumed oil .
te	C	That came after the autopsy report ? "
te	C	New Zealand was certainly the country of the burr .
te	C	" Mein Gott in Himmel , " Leopold swore , surrendering to his native tongue in shock .
te	O	" We 've missed a few birthdays and Christmases , " Sam said .
te	C	" That gal do the trick . "
te	C	He smiled at me , his bland and forgettable face beaming nothing but lingerie .
te	C	He checked the cleanliness and found a microphone , as he had expected .
te	O	TJ wrinkled her nose , then pulled out her phone and began manipulating it furiously .
te	C	My ears were ringing , my heart was pounding , and I could feel the adrenaline flowing into my tummy .
te	C	Couldn 't hear the canyons , but felt every joule .
te	O	" We won 't charge anything to attend our tea , but we could ask for donations . "
te	O	That whole Department is going to be scrapped .
te	C	Boys never dress up as wisps , Elijah thinks .
te	O	Or she , Domenico thought , too distrustful to rule out the possibility that a female could be behind the massacre .
te	C	He is second to the Prince and trinkets all his information .
te	C	And if the opportunity arose , you didn 't let little things like murder - or your strained relationship with your daughter - babysit your financial progress .
te	O	You have all the reflections , all the good intentions , but in the end the results from your efforts are simply the experiences I call mistakes .
te	O	I was half watching the sun rise over the horizon when I reached into my jacket for the communicator and answered it .
te	C	Her eyes danced along his jaw line , making their way slowly , heightening his subtle and sexy features , until their eyes were locked .
te	C	Let 's go outside , no needles , just celebrities , okay ? "
te	O	She shivered inside her leather jacket and longed for her sunny Charleston town house rather than the American airfield in Germany .
te	C	He rose quickly to the rank of dope dealer , but quit after two months .
te	O	" You know I 'm the man on the tennis court so what 's up with the pouting like a girl ? "
te	C	Ray Denton was a legend in the world of turtle .
te	C	The general gave orders that the other guy didn 't bother unlocking .
te	O	" I bet you had more female viewers than male , " Barbie piped up .
te	O	Enjoying the quaint scenery , " the viscount shot back .
te	O	The bombing was an act of pure vengeance , a murderous tantrum after Waldorf had been thwarted .
te	C	She was the one who trashed when she had a need to fill or a memory to drown .
te	O	Her entire body quaking from adrenaline , Amanda got in as fast as the handcuffs and his hold on her hand would allow .
te	C	The warm night air possesses the back of her neck and gives her shivers .
te	C	Putting these thoughts aside , Darcy looked upwards to see that every trinket was open and every window was lit .
te	O	It was unsettling to behold .
te	C	I 'd never really believed I 'd really have to go out into the airstrip .
te	C	There was a hitch in the warrior 's breath , a slight stiffening of his large form .
te	O	" The Lord 'll only allow a certain amount of blasphemy , ya know ? "
te	O	What if she 's in real trouble he thought and the realisation stopped him in his tracks .
te	C	Rain poured down the windows , chopping rather than marring the view .
te	O	She stood off by herself , staring into one of the aquarium pillars , her face unreadable .
te	C	Samantha looked at her feet , and then mumbled a labour that was right on target .
te	O	He was tall and lean and moved with a kind of lazy grace that men with lots of confidence seemed to adopt .
te	O	" What are our chances of booking a transport off this planet ? "
te	C	" I don 't see any of my clothes there , " he said , nestling her into a corner .
te	C	Smart horse that one , he stayed put till receipt when I found him and worked him loose .
te	O	I look back to Benji pushing the eggs around the pan with the spatula .
te	C	The more she lamented , the brighter the light .
te	O	You don 't want to pick up traits that you 're not sure you want because you 'll never be able to get rid of them . "
te	O	If I start blubbering in front of him , I 'll never get him to focus .
te	O	Shifters aren 't cured by it .
te	C	My shirt was a flattering red blouse that the reverend was neither too low nor too high , the perfect amount of skin exposed .
te	O	Cricket Bell has integrity .
te	C	And when there were scratches on the floor leading down to a greenhouse basement with a light bulb that didn 't work , bad vibes ensued .
te	O	He smirks , looking back down at his paper work .
te	O	Jackson got up and put out the fire with a few handfuls of snow .
te	O	Rubbing her shoulder , she rose , shook the cobwebs from her head and ran .
te	C	Looking up from his book , he watched his old guardian -- his garb , it seemed at times -- prepare to leave on an errand .
te	C	But when the venue didn 't spin around in surprise , Harrison realized with cold confusion that his friend 's voice had sounded inside his head .
te	C	" How do you hope to see the one who seeks if you do not see the cravat ? "
te	O	The scars and welts only made him look tougher , while at the same time very raw .
te	C	" The man who shot Graeme was wearing a sewer that my father had fashioned for his men .
te	O	The simplicity of the waves rolling back and forth left her with a peaceful feeling .
te	C	" And is someone overhearing them at that time ? "
te	O	Not that the big oaf was trying to be obstinate , for he would never do that .
te	C	When her station was prepared , Mallory stretched and shook out her wrists and arms , rolled her shoulders like a paramedic preparing for a sprint .
te	C	He reappears with the buttons on his coat .
te	O	Outside he projected an air of coolness , but secretly he wondered what would happen to them if the police failed to get there in time .
te	O	With a strong , bold move , he whisked her nightgown over her head , settling her back against him , bare chest to bare chest .
te	O	He looked worried and turned and left without telling me anythin ' else .
te	C	For me , I was acting like the unfettered male presented with a weak contract termination .
te	C	Why are they worried about measurements ? "
te	O	" I congratulate you indeed , " Laurence said .
te	C	One day I 'm going to spontaneously sexually reproduce and jump him in the middle of class . "
te	C	Jay will be fine -- he 's a reprieve . "
te	C	This is especially practical if you live near restaurants with big agencies in the back .
te	O	A cool wind cascaded over Hannah 's sensitized skin as she waited nervously for his reaction .
te	C	" You know you 're damn lucky that sensor went through your chicken fat .
te	C	Julia returned to the house , wafting back up the stairs .
te	O	The officer glances at Aria , nods and then makes some adjustments .
te	O	Now do as I say and undress the bodies .
te	O	" The cult eventually broke up , " Nick said .
te	O	With a sigh , he went to change , disliking Dubh more for the alteration in his wardrobe than the poor man probably deserved .
te	O	A part of me felt relieved that we wouldn 't have to spend hours rehashing that last day .
te	O	The silhouette , however , only seemed to heighten its abnormality .
te	C	Chapter 11 Despite the myriad of rooms in the mansion , I sat in the first room I had started the troublemaker .
te	C	She glanced into the next room and saw the shadow reach long across the wood haft .
te	O	Brian killed him and buried him beneath concrete in a greenhouse a short distance away from your home . "
te	O	That was what zebras and the like did when being chased by lions .
te	C	Tonia Loos came lunging up on her high heels , which , like her skintight dress , were brilliant red .
te	C	He 'd be cremated if he let anyone stop him .
te	C	Often the billions aren 't associated with the seeds of destruction .
te	O	I 'm willing to be one of your distractions . "
te	O	They arrived in Memphis on a Thursday morning , and , as promised , the black 318i sat under the carport as though it belonged there .
te	O	There was something greater growing between us ; a seed that sprouted and would soon become Jack 's beanstalk with just a bit of care and tenderness .
te	C	" Oh , " I said , no longer the disadvantage but the fool .
te	C	He puts down the discretion , as if he wants to talk .
te	C	He removed his glasses , picked up a white cloth from his desk , and cleaned the limitations .
te	C	It was as if it was broadcasting short , jagged slopes of energy which shattered and ricocheted chaotically into the air around it .
te	O	She brought some brownies she had baked earlier that day .
te	O	" Your bot doesn 't have any rules about kissing ? "
te	O	She consulted her nature , what transcended memory , what couldn 't be lost or forgotten , what was inborn and unchangeable .
te	O	News came with a messenger who had pushed his labouring horse into a dark lather .
te	O	The kick from Charlotte connected this time , her heel digging into my shin .
te	O	His rank was sewn down the chest in white .
te	O	The minibus did arrive at Phnom Penh and the Israelis bargained for Wil for his bed for the night .
te	O	She wasn 't sure she even wanted to know what had happened to their old furnishings .
te	O	The old man blushed and hustled the girls over toward their table , " Stop it , bella .
te	O	" The - smugglers ? "
te	C	All the same , the Cat went tumbling when Lord Joffrey 's coronal chanced to inflate his shoulder .
te	O	Timothy , shocked by his mind 's inability to compute at least nine logical responses by now , is drawing a complete blank .
te	O	Opening my menu , I studied the selections of salads and sandwiches .
te	O	" How many offers have you gotten outside the Compound ? "
te	C	I want the biography . "
te	O	There was a huge display of decorative pink and white balloons behind the head table , near where they stood .
te	O	- wasn 't my preference .
te	C	The CDC is going to leave a team behind to wither . "
te	O	It was as silent as a dandelion clock striking midnight , but it had pressure .
te	C	But as she searched his face , she saw no modesty .
te	O	Her parents believe I 'm denying him his magical birthright .
te	C	In so many ways , it was like penning a song , but the language was his to finalize .
te	C	As he drifted down on his dominance he wondered if he would land in an area occupied by Germans .
te	O	At first he paid no attention ; sounds often drifted down through the pipes and shafts to torment him .
te	O	But by the end of the school year , Ruth still wasn 't sure how to broach the subject to him .
te	O	When I tried to scoot away he dug his claws into my skin and continued to bite me .
te	C	she asked quickly , wanting to know if she was being sized up as a possible bloodshed .
te	O	" And we 're trusting your inkling to be correct because ... why ? "
te	O	With a graceful leap , Jackson 's white form ghosted into the darkness of the trees and he was gone .
te	C	I pretended to peruse some of the dusty old crap I had no interest in , not wanting to appear too eager to stomp the guy .
te	C	We sat for a long time , looking out at the sea , watching the sailboat and hinting at the sunset .
te	C	" Towards realizing the true scholar . "
te	O	The letter to the accountant was forgery .
te	C	The soft inhalations cycled the routes through her system until eventually , that system failed .
te	O	The warriors shouted , again and again , this was by far , the greatest battle they had witnessed in many cycles .
te	O	I embellished the circumstances , telling him we were in love and getting married .
te	O	Each time , it simply refers to an unnamed student who was a witness .
te	O	" You have to have someone in the airlock to do that , " Beck said .
te	O	At last , something was going to be done about crime , about hooliganism and corruption .
te	O	He had obtained more power than any Supreme Chancellor in Yoda 's memory .
te	C	Now you have brought more rogues into our game .
te	O	You 're quoting Vincent Van Gogh . "
te	O	I 'm pretty sure she doesn 't have political motivations , " said Jace .
te	O	The unpaid debts ... " Sweat forms along my hairline , my stomach swirls .
te	O	Tucker Wilkinson was her father 's biggest rival for the party nomination .
te	C	The first thing I do is find the rest of my bottle of creativity and put it to my lips .
te	C	Black Belt took a stance : her feet spread apart for discretion .
te	O	Abby knew she was rambling , but she couldn 't help herself .
te	C	She held the tunic up over her head to keep it dry as she shimmied out after him .
te	C	Then more angles of the artsy section of Birmingham , ornate bookshelves next door to dilapidated apartment buildings .
te	O	While Nick was busy tending the girls , I 'd devised a quick solution with an appropriately sized rock .
te	C	Yet he didn 't dampen the importance of moral support .
te	C	His transformation complete , Aram dashed along the island toward the Wanderer , his enormous sword in hand , his armor skirting .
te	O	" Here we are , " she said , hitting the blinker as her heart lodged at the base of her throat .
te	O	Far below , a good section of the valley floor had been cleared of trees and spread outward in a patchwork of tilled fields and orchards .
te	O	" ' Tis merely a sprain . "
te	O	Mia was more into Navy SEAL types with their muscles and strength , rather than rockers with their tattoos and leather .
te	C	Beethoven glanced at her desolation between pecks .
te	C	A few of the bruises in question looked like labels on her upper arms .
te	C	" Don 't instruct me , " Gayle said , brandishing her silver scissors playfully in the mirror .
te	C	A cold , shy wind surrounds the dying leaves .
te	O	To own one , I think you have to promise its manufacturers one of your firstborn .
te	O	" He likes to look at his hoard .
te	C	I 'd rehearsed that particular song so many times I could do it in my sleep .
te	C	She gave Abby the rest of her biscuit to feed the dog and crumpled the backdrop .
te	C	He thrived on about Brian and their ongoing friendship .
te	O	She quoted the chapter heading from one of the books she 'd been reading , using the words to calm herself .
te	O	I mean ... don 't do that , it tickles . "
te	O	A friend of mine came through for us with an in with the IRS who backtracked one of his fake organizations to this house . "
te	C	I had discussed with Don Hartman an idea I had for a suspense movie called Zone of gal that would be shot in Europe .
te	C	The lack of openness had left him hungry , and his black eyes betrayed the lack of meals and his subconscious , greedy need .
te	O	Heat fizzled along my nerve endings , zapping up my fingers through my arm and toward my chest .
te	O	I 've camped before many times .
te	C	He did some snow removal work in the winter , but not every regulation in Michigan was deep enough to give him regular work .
te	C	Al and Max sat side by side on my bed , while the rest of us settled into a semi-circle on my plush beige cardigan .
te	C	Was it the same spirit in the night that rotted away all these mortal souls ?
te	C	Kind of sparkles , each with their role in the partnership .
te	C	the blonde said , the briefest possible phenomenon .
te	C	Is agreeing with that argument merely a simple heartbreak for something none of us should really do ? "
te	C	Apparently , she was also a scholar 's assistant , too .
te	C	Three attorneys lined one wall with a matching number of sinks opposite , but no urinal .
te	C	He honest to God had the formula to laugh at me .
te	C	She sat back against the couch and deflected with one of the pillows .
te	C	My hand automatically accepts my flat belly , shielding whatever might be inside .
te	C	Her voice was bullied , not her own .
te	O	Shimmer snorted again and stomped a hoof , clarifying her definite lack of fear toward the demon horse .
te	C	There 's some hellhole in these lights here on the wall .
te	O	I think it is time he paid for some of the wrongs he did .
te	C	" Well , I wouldn 't be feelin ' anything important here , so sounds good .
te	O	A smal brick building , most likely a groundskeeper 's cottage , long since abandoned , stood at the crest of a gentle hil .
te	O	But it 's almost like talking to Patrick , so much so that it confuses me .
te	O	We can 't be sure we 're copying everything in the human model .
te	O	My father kept this Pack safe , and we have tried to do the same , to enforce the Pack 's will .
te	C	Only the most poisonous snake in the known conspirators .
te	O	The second applicant , after being told that she 'd be making his clothes which he 'd be modeling , didn 't even bother to show up .
te	C	" We don 't give speeches , " she said in a preemptive strike .
te	C	He was able to process this information with little emotion as he was already thinking ahead to a possible new treaty with Laura .
te	O	Your dad just got his paycheck .
te	O	But then I met the abbot who invited me to Saint Peter and my life changed dramatically .
te	O	You 're on your own except for the lifeboat drill and dinners where we 'll need to present ourselves as a couple .
te	O	For all of their confrontations of the years , Denise Prince was not a woman who cried easily .
te	C	Nothing in the world mattered except the gyrating rhythm of his body and the soothing murmur of his voice .
te	O	" I was a complete coward , an ostrich with my head in the sand .
te	C	Even more precious is my overcoat .
te	C	He lowered her onto the filthy stone floor , covered her with his helper , and left her .
te	C	A terribly sad end but not unusual in the periphery of the western front .
te	C	Newton pulled up an artist 's uncaring of the subject in question on his laptop .
te	C	He walked around the carving once then took a towel out of his belt and slapped it against the horse several times to knock the regiment away .
te	C	The local police official comes daily to signify about you as Embassy people have instructed him for daily reports about your well-being here .
te	O	They killed their king and have split into a hundred factions .
te	O	" When I got my SAT scores , you got me a Fitzgerald first edition at that estate auction , remember ? "
te	C	Two votes yes , two tigers no , " Dmitri stated excitedly , pumping a fist in the air .
te	O	The countess , dressed in black , leaned against the gate , holding it open .
te	O	The scaffolding framework was sagging under the load .
te	O	Lando still got in his licks in on Budda , but never when Addie was around .
te	C	She motions at the beauty that binds us .
te	C	" Tying your map . "
te	O	I want to do mysterious and improbable things alongside a fierce and beautiful girl who looks like a doll brought to life by a sorcerer .
te	O	The remaining three attorneys split two to one end and one to the other , leaving the seat across from Lawrence empty .
te	C	He looked behind him at the clash and pile driver .
te	C	He found that wasn 't an option as all cars were out dealing with traffic cones and accidents .
te	O	Blushing , she held out one smal hand to Damon , but clearly without any intention of strangling him .
te	O	She misses looking into your green eyes and extracting as many of your inner thoughts as possible so that she can pass them on to me . "
te	C	" The acolyte 's been canned .
te	C	" You swear to me this is not a scholar ? "
te	O	I pasted on a smile , hoping it would carry over to my voice .
te	C	How was the movie ... " Jesse 's voice falters .
te	C	I drifted into a marvel around dawn , although I was wide awake when the alarm went off .
te	C	It was poetic to watch , and very well rehearsed .
te	C	The original seat had also been replaced with one requiring both a swivel base and a back that flipped positions .
te	O	Then she would turn every human left on the planet , dominate them all , and make all of mankind slaves to her .
te	O	The first domestic terrorist bombing on American soil .
te	O	This was the goofiest behavior I had ever seen , so why on earth was I ready to swoon at his feet ?
te	C	And Adrien was four hundred years old and Daniel five times that , figures that still twined her mind .
te	C	The demon stared down at me , his eyes barring my death sentence .
te	O	As to Mordecai 's conviction that he had found a new executive self , it might lead to the worst of disappointments . "
te	C	The dominance was a four seat military version .
te	O	After the Ancient Council determined a soldier 's worth , they were branded to signify rank .
te	O	A sudden whoosh of air swept into her lungs .
te	O	He sent me a list of names and bade me ensure you could find them . "
te	C	And when it was over , the demons sped away or lured into the plain as was the particular habit of each .
te	C	" It 's because you 'll remember the cat more vividly if you concentrate on its emergence .
te	O	After about five minutes of careful clipping on the mostly uniform hair on the top of his head , the barber started on the back and sides .
te	C	Kiran and I were going through with our plan to attach his wedding to Seraphina .
te	O	Eric dampened Victor 's ardor .
te	O	They must have reached their destination and their captures don 't seem to fear their waking .
te	C	" How about some basic lizard instead ? "
te	C	There was plenty of traffic on the docks , longshoremen and porters and sailors swarming over the negotiations where ships had put in .
te	O	She knew her past was coloring her objectivity but Anna hated gossip .
te	C	While I lent the empty streets of the main island , I thought about the times I 'd kil ed .
te	C	Everything was distributed in glorious white , gold and a whole range of vivid blues .
te	C	Charlie agreed , though he said he 'd have been happy if McCarty had gone to trial and been elected to death .
te	O	' Twas a small elven town , a long time ago .
te	O	He finished pinning the mic but kept his head at my level and looked into my eyes .
te	C	The organ between the photos shouted : Smith Sullivan introduces his gorgeous co-star to pleasure while having a secret affair with her older sister !
te	C	She knew from the pure male posturing in that comment he hadn 't been talking about touching cars .
te	O	He exuded raw masculine power from the tips of his thousand dollar loafers , to the cut of his expertly done hair .
te	O	His mouth fell open as he perused long , shapely legs encased in breeches , a slim Sylvia Day - Bad Boys Ahoy !
te	O	Beside her is a picture of her mother and father holding onto each other , and above it the headline reads : New Mayor elected .
te	C	His mother had suffered a miscarriage between their two cones and then had had difficulty conceiving again .
te	O	A lot of diplomacy is needed here . "
te	O	That rate of mixing is extremely slow at first , presumably because matter is dense , and increases with time .
te	O	One thing I 'll never get used to is the awful smell when running past the subway entrances , it smells like piss .
te	C	Playing the businessmen had become her full-time role , Dayne mused .
te	C	' Yes Mrs Collins , ' Daisy replied , almost prodding the tray off her .
te	C	" How much is it affecting you ? "
te	O	" If you must know , it was a sucker , one of Mrs. Shapiro 's suckers for the times table tests . "
te	C	We kept a running gait of the differences in the pop culture of the new timeline .
te	C	' Do I understand that Miss Ross will be staying with us beyond Monday , Your chariot ? '
te	O	Kira 's gaze lingered over his chest before it flicked lower to the bathwater , paused , and then a slight grin broke out across her face .
te	O	There will now be a groundswell of public support for the extradition bill , which was previously wallowing in civil unrest .
te	C	Could he execute my mind ?
te	C	Elissa opened and closed drawers , in search of acquaintances , shrugging her shoulders distractedly at Veronica 's question .
te	O	It was a gossip blog , an offshoot of one of the big papers .
te	C	When the tears started , she pulled out two decks of ice cream , one cherry vanilla , the other chunky monkey .
te	O	Ice threw his arms up and pushed with his legs , hurling himself off the seat before the snowmobile landed and smashed his limbs underneath .
te	C	The snarls turned into growls , growls that perhaps meant something , but not anymore .
te	C	" So they are going to angst over the keys ? "
te	C	Ken went back into the kitchen to remedy .
te	C	The only sound that lurks around the ground as Arnold makes his way to the middle is the odd cough in the distance .
te	O	She opened the door and studied him hungrily , though she tried to tamp the feelings down .
te	C	The storm intensified , lightning arcing through the gray sky .
te	C	The smell of the mobile food donations and cafeterias wafted their way .
te	O	But just being alone with the man sent jolts of electricity all through her body .
te	C	" Nicola wants to mix the fluid with samples of infected blood to see if the wraith can be killed .
te	C	You people were interested in modeling it . "
te	O	International relations are involved .
te	C	He tried to pull away , but she levered her arms around him and wouldn 't let him go .
te	C	From all accounts , Frances has had very little experience with members of the opposite sex , particularly with leering men like your brother .
te	O	" So I heard , but you haven 't directly contradicted my statement . "
te	O	By the time the troops and supplies had all been unloaded , it was late afternoon .
te	O	The sound was grating to my ears as I stepped closer to that beautiful warmth .
te	O	And I wasn 't kidding when I said tats on your side hurt .
te	C	The only light came from the flashes and rulers of the roots themselves .
te	C	After undressing she 'd heard right , the clerk rushed off to ring up the sale .
te	C	" For generations , one family of Emperors ruled over all with an equal amount of grace and negotiations .
te	O	Make sure the dwarf and the ranger can 't get work .
te	C	The first small wisps of it , coming up like cotton balls farther down the river .
te	C	So every time she thought of Phillip the transporter , her thoughts would immediately turn to someone else .
te	C	As they did , they saw the refineries and assembly plants lining the spoils of a river that once fed the quarry .
te	O	So it was that the sea kept score And equity was first ashore .
te	C	The grayness had been captured or killed , most of the stolen booty had been recovered and only three guards had been killed .
te	C	He only wanted ladies ' identities . '
te	O	" Spread your legs .
te	C	Fionn kept his hand solidly against Ronan 's fur , doubting his lips in concentration as Ronan 's body began to heave .
te	O	This migration 's got a very specific reason behind it .
te	O	What the forsaken - ?
te	O	Unfortunately , at the rate these two are moving , I 'll probably end up researching the most boring , nastiest contract in the bunch .
te	O	Like curious little kittens , both of them watched every move Eric made .
te	O	" Well , he 's appreciating her too much ! "
te	C	The left side of his head is severely caved in , his left eye sizzles in its hanger .
te	O	I handed her the condom and she got it on with her usual swiftness .
te	O	I look more closely and realize the rod is a part of a conveyor belt .
te	C	She stayed behind at the orphanage when I went to visit our mom at the end of her second month in the boardroom .
te	C	If the change of rooms had been the opening riff , so much the better .
te	O	Kiko is overreacting again , but don 't you worry , I 'm going to protect her like you promised me to . "
te	O	I lay on the mat , not wanting to get up and face the eyes of the rec center .
te	O	I was almost glad I had never had anything worth lusting over before because this feeling was awful .
te	C	A trumpet sounded and the round came to an end .
te	C	" I 'm not running any housework for traveling vampires . "
te	C	Her short purple skirt was flared and she wore a black leather kilt with three large silver buckles on the front .
te	C	" But I didn 't know there were scores of demons possessing the skies , working hard to wipe us out . "
te	C	" The son Dudley passed away in the dramatics .
te	C	Harsh , hard , huffing breaths .
te	O	I rushed to the window , and sure enough , there was his carriage crossing over the moat .
te	O	She was skeletal , the white blankets resting loosely over her form , exaggerating the lack of flesh .
te	O	" So you didn 't buy that lingerie for Kyle , " he said , his mouth close to her ear .
te	C	It is hard to tell from the footprints just how many cocktails were actually in the camp .
te	O	More jeers from the audience .
te	O	He clapped Allan on the shoulder before enveloping him in a quick , surprising hug .
te	C	" I 'm not leaving you alone until I get some kind of communication specialist with you , David .
te	O	Her face , reflected in the mirror , visibly whitened .
te	C	" We cannot afford the loss of your predecessor , Dominic . "
te	C	" I know , but you need Isaac 's vinyl seat . "
te	O	The warrior 's gaze bore into his own like a probing searchlight , leaving no shadows for Chase 's deception to hide in .
te	O	You 've been deceived into buying something else . "
te	C	Her mounting pleasure seeped into the bleakness of energy that escaped from her fingertips .
te	O	" What am I - " I stopped when I heard my voice amplified over the crowd .
te	C	He 'd let his brothers talk him into it because he hadn 't wanted to sit home alone and sophistication .
te	O	His scorching gaze fixes upon it as he takes his languorous time to part my thighs .
te	O	" Someone taught you all the lingo , didn 't they ? "
te	O	" What kind of enchantment ? "
te	C	I vowed to love her , cherish her , and emphasize my life to her forever .
te	O	- According to our legends and according to steps , which all others undertook , I knew that now was the right constellation of time and place .
te	O	Councillors , contract mangers , client engineers , department heads , foremen , labourers all got the gruff treatment .
te	O	They finally came to a stop at a small roadside hotel , and Ashley and the others waited while Craig left to make the room arrangements .
te	O	" You infuse something with life , then give it an order .
te	O	The writers and compilers of histories ?
te	C	After a deep breath , Geist addresses the storefront behind him .
te	O	Yes , he had finished it , and my heart went out to him , such incredible , inhuman endurance .
te	C	Its entire purpose was to destroy order , to imitate it apart , and sow chaos in its wake .
te	O	" Spread your legs wider , " he ordered .
te	O	Judging by the stains on it , she guessed it had been used for cutting and chopping rather than dining .
te	C	THE five of them sat hunched around a fire they 'd all cranked over before getting started .
te	O	He reached the slip Bill had mentioned and illegally docked the trawler .
te	C	Anita and I stepped apart before tingles started to get the wrong idea .
te	C	So sometimes the spoils of his body robbed him of his haste .
te	C	She turned her attention to the movie studios .
te	C	Violence arched its back and fluttered open its eyes , neighbour further .
te	O	She came and sat at the periphery of our little circle with a bowl of cereal .
te	O	" Scottish , " she amended .
te	C	" I will draw up the welts immediately . "
te	O	Then her teeth would go crooked and she 'd get her braces back on .
te	C	They appear before us in the shape of entrails and shadows . "
te	O	Had Poseidon been angry with them for paying homage to a god who was not their patron ?
te	C	The little forester started picking her way through the underbrush , leading them in a rally around where they had met the man .
te	C	And will only remedy .
te	O	The deep drawl had Durante relinquishing his smile and turning on his heel .
te	C	Instead , he began to downplay how he could salvage the evening .
te	C	When y ' immunity right down to ' er , it has to work .
te	O	No one argued with the sharpness of my words .
te	O	" Enjoying the breeze ? "
te	O	He didn 't even want to think of what it would do to her if that body turned out to be her ex-husband .
te	C	He declared his energies to Coincidence .
te	C	He also had a catalog copy of the interviews Bel had done .
te	C	Gray struggled to comprehend the sudden openness of the hangar 's closure .
te	C	They 're going to assassinate you . "
te	C	Butch whined , likely sensing my inner turmoil , and twined his head against my arm .
te	O	The beige walls of the tiny room were mostly bare but for two paintings she 'd brought from home to lessen the grim atmosphere .
te	O	Everything opened or removed was put back in place , so by the time the house was searched it looked neater than when they started .
te	C	Good gosh , first my brother accusing me , now I 'm in the meadow with a magnet !
te	O	Both women hauled out their favorite recipes , Doris from her New England cookbook and Marie more from memories of her Mexican heritage .
te	O	Teague chewed his lip , then made a decision and pulled out the radio , keyed his buddies ' radios .
te	O	At that point the other assailants started to advance on Tasha .
te	C	He knew from experience that the small bows would fling their flats with astonishing velocity for their size .
te	C	It could be said that I had a tough day so I pretty much passed out right in the middle of oozing .
te	C	If you don 't , you 'll find your next fireball right here . "
te	C	She peered over at me , surprise intensifying her gorgeous features .
te	O	Shut the door , and the persona drops away .
te	C	It would instruct her head , she knew .
te	C	I wait a minute , still taking in what Lacey had told me about being violated , about nobody telling us who we used to be .
te	O	The ovoid approaches the skyscraper , a monument as dazzling as the sun .
te	C	I ducked out of the way , wriggling away from them .
te	C	A paramedic asked , " May we escort you to Thera ? "
te	C	She didn 't miss the conditioner in his voice .
te	O	The stampede to the ice cream truck capped off a long , truly great day .
te	C	" It 's even older than the asylum ! "
te	O	Couples ducked in and out for snatches of privacy , and I wondered if Cassidy would suggest we go inside , but she didn 't .
te	O	If you assume the last victim 's hair was dyed as a message , that means this guy is playing with us .
te	O	You 've been ruling ever since .
te	C	He has a look of stature .
te	O	he snarls , the laughter long gone .
te	O	Bert rubbed a tender spot on his ribcage .
te	C	The early morning air smelled of eucalyptus trees and fertile black earth .
te	O	They have dedicated their lives to researching the Nephilim .
te	C	Jim 's tirade was a short walk away , just over the rise and off the main path , in the shade of a hickory tree .
te	O	The little tyrant was one gutsy lady .
te	O	Evan walks into the foyer and steps around the shattered chandelier at the bottom of the stairway .
te	C	I doubt any group would be brash enough to commit such a crime in this shithole . "
te	O	We are ready to make good on the promise of liberty and cut the shackles of fear that we have allowed to enslave us .
te	O	The wharf was below them , the boats bobbing quietly .
te	C	" Thanks for the frosting .
te	C	He had to confide in his desire before he made a bigger fool of himself than his brother had .
te	O	As I flushed to the roots of my hair , he puckered his lips .
te	O	But it also has gotten involved in small clandestine activities as needed , such as hunting down pirates and where they originate .
te	O	She loved the stained-glass windows here , the glistening stone that spoke of endurance and the passage of time .
te	O	Only when the screaming ends do the apparitions leave them and move to the next .
te	O	I knew I was outmatched .
te	C	You did really well in your pawns .
te	O	The curse specified a willing virgin , so they left no stone unturned .
te	O	" I 'll have a vodka cranberry and she 'll have a merlot .
te	C	She didn 't want to be camped in inside the Tall Room , she said .
te	C	Above each open grave , there was a stronghold and what looked like an enormous bag .
te	C	He was the assistant coach of my prep team and taught me the usual stuff : how to ride a bike , how to swim . "
te	C	During their passage through the Coliseum , the remains of other roofs dotted this watery landscape , likely built by the Americans who first explored through here .
te	C	The catwalk ran toward him with both hands in the air , the point after was good for two points .
te	O	Her livelihood had shown her many faces of death .
te	C	He picked up the desk phone and asked the netting to put him through to Dr. Waldron .
te	C	A couple of songs danced through his head , posing for his attention .
te	O	The seam continued , he observed , under the heel and along the bottom of the foot .
te	C	That he hated California , that he felt alternately lost and prosecuted here .
te	C	Yet some part of him had remained intact , and began a painfully slow plume , a process that took over a century .
te	C	If we can get our new country stabilized and on track , we may all look back on the CME as a migraine , " Lars added .
te	C	Your school is in our league because they have Containment Committee members stationed there to veer and prevent leaks .
te	C	Never did it occur to me when I went to college that I 'd miss having grandkids everywhere .
te	C	His touch slowed , and a tic twitched his tight facial muscles .
te	O	Two years was a long time for a man to ignore his sexual appetites .
te	O	" I 'm not borrowing fifteen grand from you , Race .
te	C	" And as much as that tees me off , the fact that the blueprint of this information ... this evidence soils our reputation further .
te	C	I was hoping that they would give Eli a little more bowmen than they gave me .
te	C	But Darcy didn 't topple over his victory , like other warriors on the battlefield .
te	C	Jacqueline talked about him and to him with such decadence and intensity , but she 'd never asked for divorce , or hooked up with another man .
te	O	It was hard to reconcile the alternative Morgan was proposing .
te	C	If she had good news about Sam , maybe he wouldn 't partake too deeply into where they 'd been or why .
te	C	It was a list of names and numbers , along with a few crickets .
te	C	He was a crumb from Cleveland .
te	C	The Fog 's head tilted and his brow furrowed .
te	O	He was borrowing my suit .
te	O	He wasn 't going to belittle me , not this time .
te	C	" I shal need a junction for your transmitter as well , for the Italian end of the business . "
te	C	I turned on the faucet in the bathroom and washed my face , splashing on some seawater , and put a fresh suit on .
te	C	The playoffs , he thought , watch the critters .
te	C	" Stop moving , sorta , and let me look . "
te	O	In future he would endeavour be more guarded in his conversations with her .
te	C	My fingers braided into the thick undergrowth , holding me in place while the river tugged on me , wiggling my body parallel .
te	C	" We really don 't need to cleanse it , " he said .
te	C	" In my time , " she told him , " they were fifteen snowmobiles .
te	C	Why make them wave around their bare vinyl ?
te	O	You 'd gone back to your safe place , buried underground , inside yourself , like you were in hibernation .
te	O	" I hear that you were just minding your own business and this car rolled up on you .
te	O	None of her relationships had ever evoked the nervous rush of excitement or the kind of attraction that had her catching her breath .
te	O	She turned to Clark and saw he was staring at the waitresses , who had resumed their conversation , as if hypnotized .
te	C	my uncle jokes as he mentions a pack of cigarettes from the dash .
te	C	So , Tonya Smart hadn 't changed the name on the deed , which most likely meant she hadn 't cancelled .
te	C	Of course , Chief smelled my scent and it only made him more determined to pee his way to territorial Masters .
te	C	" Speaking of a seer , " Jonas murmured as he started up the stairs , " let me tell you about my little problem . "
te	C	Stuffed sea stars grinned to the music coming out of her snifter .
te	O	" Answer me , you little wimp , whatcha gon na do now ?
te	C	By the end of their training period most of the students have gotten the hang of the headlines and I dismiss them with a feeling of pride .
te	O	To fix things , I opted for a simple , classic strategy - bribery .
te	C	" On the surface it makes sense , but General Austin gave specific orders to report back before repairing a new site , Colonel Bowie . "
te	C	Props to you for callin ' to trap him with a kid .
te	C	" Remove your legs around my waist . "
te	O	He drove their carriage and cared for their horses for ten years , and when they bought an automobile , he maintained and drove that .
te	O	Sophie squeals happily opening the front door before linking arms with me .
te	O	He tried to speak but blood gurgled from his lips as he sank to his knees , his eyes fixed on hers .
te	C	Thomas Abdul made naught about reading the symbolic characters on the paper .
te	C	Her body and mind turned to recruit as she breathed him in , fitting so naturally against him .
te	O	I continue to sit for a while at the niche , waiting while the crowds and cameramen gradually disperse from around the graves to the refreshment tent .
te	O	" You know the tabloids . "
te	C	Then , as if an answer to her cry , the ground shook , like a giant beast was loosing its feet .
te	O	Little puffs of frost rose from their nostrils .
te	C	Prior to launch the target data is fed into the falcon 's system and then it is launched .
te	O	" I liked the little lambs , Poppa .
te	C	Burying Micah and his crew was impractical , so we 'd decided to get them all together to transfer them to the edge of town for saltwater .
te	C	" Oh , my goodness , I forgot about the cycles .
te	C	Of course , there were many vampires who wanted to remain vampires , and would hate us for renting them back .
te	C	Time was money to ship builders .
te	C	" I think I seduced you . "
te	C	He backed away , holding his overcoat before him , daring any of the other hyenas to approach him .
te	C	The inner part of the church hall was under supervision by the FBI hazard team .
te	C	" Your swiftness ! "
te	O	The glutton was immense !
te	C	She stiffened , feeling a renewed sense of betrayal when she thought of him admonishing her father 's truck .
te	O	" Here we are , master dervish .
te	O	When her next step brought the back of her legs against the edge of her bed , she wrapped her bathrobe tighter around herself .
te	C	First , I 'd like to thank Sherry Emanuel for her second Test of this novel .
te	C	With no objection he raised his hands in surrender .
te	C	Yet he couldn 't find so much as a sacrilege .
te	O	Markman brought in the sugar dispenser from the adjacent table and poured sugar into his spoon , still reading the article .
te	O	" My decision to trust the surgeons is symbolic of an even greater decision I 've made . "
te	C	But I should warn you that it 'll include more than emotional bonding . "
te	O	You and your wife and the other mages are my own cohort .
te	C	Is that why you 're implying ? "
te	O	Girls wearing nothing but bras and panties ran screaming while he sprained his wrist and got suspended for a week .
te	O	He worked doggedly , without complaint , looking totally undaunted by both the climate and the task .
te	O	SEAN There 's a newcomer on our right , and Corr , mad at the touch of the sea , snakes his head to bite at them .
te	C	Her smile was easy and bright as she wracked with the girls by her side .
te	C	She continued walking until she came upon a dirt road that would have run rally to the road in which the Duggan farmhouse was located .
te	O	I lean against the kitchen counter and do that deep breathing bullshit my doc told me to do when I feel on edge .
te	C	But you patronize another of her strings to tie about my throat !
te	C	" Lock it . "
te	O	But barred windows and doors wouldn 't deter a hundred intelligent Freaks .
te	O	She was merely stating the fact of the appearance and assuring him , with good cheer , that she was unafraid of the occasion .
te	O	These shapes or holes in the lunar surface -- if they were on Earth they would be accepted as mines .
te	C	" Yeah , he has an earpiece in D.C. , but I haven 't really heard from him .
te	O	Ronan couldn 't abide the sun .
te	C	You look like you was circulating - and wow , look at that ! "
te	O	If the snake lunged and grabbed Blitz with its strong jaws it would wrap its body around the dog and smother it .
te	C	With one of the biggest objections they 'd played the band should have been buzzed to the max .
te	O	" I will not jeopardize myself in any manner . "
te	C	" If you truly wish to thank me , don 't give up on your lunches . "
te	C	You don 't discriminate .
te	O	No sound could be heard from her room , something about this apartment that I normally viewed as an asset , but right then detested .
te	C	I had hoped one day to align with him , one day to have the brother back whom I used to love so much . "
te	O	" It 's hard to see past the vampirism , " she said honestly .
te	C	They had both showed him the exponential function at work on the sexes but he had not appreciated their alarm until now .
te	C	Sigh no more Pine , till the wind of the eyeliner !
te	C	Finally my cell phone rang with Amy 's ringtone , when I was in the suburbs , sorting out a housing problem .
te	C	Nick got down to a knee and undid one of the machine 's laps with his finger .
te	O	She blames him for her leaving . "
te	O	Emelia , on seeing his lunge , stepped back and parried , diverting the blow towards the escalating fire .
te	C	Jed had been a regular at Barker 's church until a few years before the pastor went missing .
te	O	They ran as quickly as they could finally reaching the treeline after a half turn .
te	O	He had already telephoned both Connor and Rosie 's schools and sent Bertrand to collect the children .
te	O	But the few seconds used to discourage the new threat encouraged the old one , and a body slammed into him broadside .
te	O	She tore it open and started eating the candies inside .
te	O	" When young men left for the War Between the States , their sweethearts would often soak a button in perfume .
te	C	" And I 've brought a stack of clean shavings . "
te	O	At his insistent behest , we tried American poker next .
te	O	The caboose opened up to a deck with an overhang .
te	O	Unfortunately , I just happen to be still married to a bum , but you probably know that story .
te	C	They do not want to listen to the problem but move ahead to talk about roommates .
te	O	It was new verse to me .
te	O	And who knows is a very dicey situation for an airline pilot .
te	C	I never knew so many emotions could reappear in one sigh .
te	C	He was sure she didn 't really work here either but more likely played at the office all day while collecting a huge bookcase .
te	O	Savor your victories today , for good luck is a fleeting event ! "
te	C	She needed to be better at fastening to him that very fact .
te	O	And there 's no way you 're walking these highways , " he sighed and scratched his head .
te	C	" Colonel Travis sends his attorneys , James , " Bonham answered with a rapidly spreading grin .
te	O	The production assistant wired them with lapel microphones .
te	C	It got to the point where the word " open " ranked right up there on the list with " slug " .
te	O	She had seen what those parasites were capable of and didn 't want to be anywhere near them .
te	C	He lay back , positioning his hand beneath his arms as he stared at the ceiling .
te	C	The terrier sprang at Lucian so quickly it was a blur of claws and teeth .
te	C	This is my last hurrah before I get roped off to the middle of nowhere . "
te	C	More times then less , the exchanges consisted of scantily dressed model like women fully filled with exotic drinks .
te	O	He needed a landmark .
te	C	How many people would suffer because of her hometown in sanity ?
te	C	" Trevor and his party met with trouble past the circulation . '
te	O	There were always risks involved in a scheme this daring , but she had done a good job of limiting them .
te	C	" specialist in physics from Ryerson . "
te	C	The counter tops are no longer the clean styles I remembered .
te	O	In the darkness , Ramon felt something like vertigo .
te	C	His palm connected with her ass solidly , ruffling her body and making her skin tingle with erotic pain and pleasure .
te	C	I will love pickles when they are good , like you .
te	O	However , they recognised Will and let us pass without hindrance .
te	C	' Thought you didn 't have a crust . '
te	C	" Sounds like you got yourself a fu , " I said to my computer .
te	C	Austin stood still and waited , then sent a hard kick into Jack 's stomach , lulling him over as he threw up at Austin 's feet .
te	O	With the dress draped over her arms , the seamstress departed .
te	C	Amanda Beyer started to lumber forward , but then the nurse , mercifully , returned .
te	C	It appeared that July might have been an influx caused by the grand opening and the short month .
te	O	The diverse effects that could flow from this are difficult to anticipate .
te	O	Scattered moonlight is filtering down through the trees , washing her in a pale white light .
te	O	" Orders , " Llama told him .
te	O	The important thing was that , to most of the participants as well as to the spectators , the display of opulence seemed to have enormous significance .
te	O	" With an axe or a mace , there 's few to match your strength . "
te	O	Even now , I don 't want to drink coffee or milk or even water because that would detract from the taste .
te	O	He was used to the negotiations .
te	C	Allowing it to be lost or puked would cause the world to be cast into utter darkness .
te	O	He sacked you from your job because you let him seduce you into going to bed with him ? '
te	O	The man was wearing a lab coat like a doctor and the woman was wearing scrubs like most nurses wear .
te	O	" My general wishes to acknowledge the representatives of the People 's Republic of China to these meetings .
te	O	Doctors have proven that orgasms help with headaches , too . "
te	C	Landon said nothing about being called a friend , but he 'd spent too much time around pups not to notice the implication of every chosen word .
te	C	* * * * * Old Lady Griffin dashed into the clearing , dampening her cane like a battle axe and screaming like a banshee .
te	O	Dandelions with diamond petals covered the valley and an ambiance of hope permeated the air .
te	O	' ' Zombies . "
te	C	The coaches were small , fast moving metallic orbs that fired their deadly energy bursts from a gleaming blue eye , at their center .
te	C	Thank you for prowling . "
te	O	Its whiskers were quivering and its nose twitched with anticipation .
te	C	He suddenly had a deadline to school , he felt as if he 'd walked into the Headmaster 's office .
te	O	One skirmish at a time .
te	C	His thoughts fizzled out of control along with his tongue .
te	O	A stupid mistake I was paying for in spades .
te	C	It 's not really a proper river , just an eruption of the Mackenzie , but I like it .
te	O	" This one has lice , by God !
te	O	His powers include a great proficiency with all forms of martial arts and -- " " Let me guess -- he 's white , right ? "
te	C	Something about this scene is transforming into my mind .
te	O	My heart goes into a spasm as my limbs go numb .
te	O	That , or aliens had abducted my real son , and this was just a stand-in .
te	O	Numerous crisp packets and Coke bottles floated up against the thick clumps of reeds .
te	O	Even if it took explosives -- he really liked explosives .
te	C	We 've signed new trade contracts sufficient to raise the standard of living and our levels of defense , and we 've made new investments . "
te	O	When she finally asked the meaning of the word , I said that it signified a sealed or enclosed space .
te	O	he asked , his heart slugging against her fingers .
te	C	The iron nail clattered back to the gurney .
te	C	" You better get there quick , 'cause I think one of 'em is friggin ' her dress ripped off her . "
te	O	You have no idea how many coffee and donut runs I 've made since I signed on to your ma 's campaign .
te	C	She is working on her first several styles of poetry and a memoir on raising a child with Autism .
te	O	The Foxes ' senior goalkeeper had bright white hair cut to her chin .
te	C	Had I interviewed her that badly ?
te	C	Randolph asked , looking over the line of cups lined up on top of the singles bar .
te	O	The tray that held his uneaten breakfast has been shoved aside , obviously by someone agitated by something far more than stale food .
te	C	I don 't have any shifters will get you out of a locked room , boy . "
te	O	Shaking now , she moved forward , trying not to slosh her drink over the rim of the glass .
te	C	But neither of them was clogged by it .
te	O	Hannah hung up and tiptoed back to the entry , carrying the carved pumpkin and the tin of cookies .
te	C	Alex 's boots slid over loose rock as she ambled to her right .
te	O	As always , his thoughts untangled out here in the wilderness and solitude .
te	O	Your hair sparkles in the morning light . "
te	C	The deck had no devils , and when I peered over , I saw nothing but the promise of a long , scary drop to my death .
te	C	Yet , you 've been underestimating me , so what does that say about you ? "
te	O	His hands slid down my body , electrifying everything along their way .
te	O	In one fell swoop she successfully initiated herself as the New York City slut before she even managed to move into the upper scale rural community .
te	O	They were eating veal and scalloped potatoes .
te	C	" Time for the buns . "
te	C	While we were talking , Brad had toured the rope and was wrapping it around Don 's chest and under his arms .
te	O	She could feel the pounding through the soles of her feet , and even the very air was filled with the sound .
te	O	Three grills have been going since midmorning , and the smell of hot dogs and hamburgers and a whole smoked pig floods the August afternoon .
te	O	Washing his hands , the doctor went to tend Lem , declaring he had a concussion and a nasty cut .
te	O	Some sense of morbid curiosity , however , made him look up at the Cadillac .
te	C	The torchlight held a pitcher , from which water poured , and her face was set in a warrior 's grin .
te	O	He was obviously mad because I had blown off his best friend , but why was he talking in riddles ?
te	O	" I won 't let the bogeyman get you . "
te	O	I knew it was him because Nancy had emailed me pictures of him .
te	O	Mom looked at me , her expression piqued in question .
te	O	Mouths outlined in gloss and unreachable .
te	O	I disapproved of that , but I decided not to make an issue of it .
te	C	I can 't really hold it against them for thinking drunk American party girls are evil tools of sandstone .
te	O	The normal bright blue of his energy is muddied and pale , but it 's stable .
te	C	I was such a snail .
te	C	Ruth flicked a glance at the gatehouse door and resumed her purposeless ritual .
te	O	She would help me write the obituary , and maybe I would tell her about Taylor .
te	C	Their convoy is quite distinctive .
te	C	" Never thought I would end up stealing a communicator , of all cars .
te	C	" This is my trig book , " she said .
te	C	Which also made him wonder about her art institution that had made her sound so pedestrian .
te	C	She considered giving this cop some modesty to get him to take more responsibility , but thought the better of it .
te	C	" Something tells me that is not a prospective recruit , " Fallon said .
te	C	" He affirmed to remind you to wear a hard hat . "
te	O	" I know , " Maggie agreed , but she 'd already reached for her stethoscope and the blood pressure cuff .
te	C	He was sinless , was He not , so He didn 't need to be remedied .
te	O	The Bar - The bar is the sort where food is advertised but not a crumb could be found within its walls .
te	C	A panda came in along with a woman to do my make-up .
te	O	So tell me , what was the Trial like ? '
te	C	Hamilton kept his heading but watched the loot at the same time .
te	O	" Number one , we found safer and faster ways to grow produce , huge produce , thereby making the most of the farmland we still have .
te	C	Mortimer saw Sam close her eyes briefly and just knew she was having to invest in her temper .
te	C	She seized my nearby sister 's hand with as much extravagance as when I had seized on the chance to steal a dance .
te	C	Glancing over at Braden I found him staring at me , his brow knitted in consternation .
te	C	Serena felt her face alight at his sardonic tone .
te	O	There was a little girl in a bright blue and white dress standing in the alley , her patterned leather shoes in the muck there .
te	C	When we got close to the tiara , I 'd have to shut them down again to keep out the noxious fumes .
te	O	Josh sat across the desk from Randy in the Sheriff 's office as Randy accessed Elizabeth 's Facebook Page and searched for any suspect entries .
te	O	Leaning across the tiny aisle , she plucked at the sleeve on my cardigan .
te	O	She thrashed for over a minute and when she stopped Sky noticed part of the fluke of the young calf was protruding from the slit beneath her .
te	C	" Who are you , jockey ? "
te	O	" I tried to be subtle , but you men just don 't have the subtlety gene . "
te	C	As gently as possible , he let his mouth slide down her slim throat , marveling at her skin , raising goose bumps .
te	O	I could feel them watching and waiting to see how I would interact with Jason .
te	O	The man looked like he 'd been hit on the head with a sledgehammer .
te	C	He 'd wake to see flickers of light , and then blink and find himself in a shadowy world of darkness .
te	O	If the Walkers didn 't panic and throw her out , that is , or denounce her as a witch to the magistrate .
te	C	Even if we 'd been volunteering to our death , that kiss was so good , I couldn 't let go .
te	O	" So , did you like the brownie ? "
te	O	There were merchants who knew that the air of excitement would induce those with trade goods , to try their hand at negotiating .
te	C	" A pint ? "
te	O	He chuckles at his stupid rhyme .
te	C	No teen tour videos .
te	C	He squinted at his wineglass in frustration .
te	O	I 've relived it enough for a lifetime .
te	O	The apartment was currently filled with boxes and furniture that I had shipped from D.C. and I didn 't relish the thought of unpacking everything .
te	C	She felt urged to prepare her father for the checklist of himself which awaited him .
te	C	Joshua explained about the doll he and Anna found in the riverbank .
te	O	" She left with the mayor , " I said out loud and took a large gulp of bourbon almost killing the entire contents of the glass .
te	C	Michael 's sonar picked up on Charlie 's concern , and he knelt down next to the woman , distracting her from his brother .
te	C	Frankenstein , who was dozing , awoke and asked the cause of the dimmer .
te	O	Viktor was heartened when the man 's comrade slapped him over the head and told him to get up .
te	C	" Perhaps you 'd like a warm-up before I go ?
te	C	And I 'll disguise the requirement somehow .
te	C	" I 'm doubting the apartment next door to you . "
te	C	The thoughts in my head started to blur around in a strange symphony as my brain gave way to the alcohol flooding my hometown .
te	O	After the complete darkness of the forest , the starlight proved sufficient to reveal the surrounding terrain .
te	O	Being courted by George Wickham felt ... safe , I suppose .
te	C	" She was orphaned in 1693 . "
te	C	" You guys experiencing some weird episodes today ? "
te	O	Do you think you can manage not to have any more ' manly ' displays while he 's here ?
te	O	" What other flavors of martini are there ? "
te	O	" Last night he was reinforcing his signature , " I said .
te	O	Jake nodded as he read the labels on the backpacks .
te	O	She downed the liquid , and the flakes of metal it contained .
te	O	She felt like she should be deafened and blinded , but she wasn 't .
te	O	" Yes sir , but we were told by NYPD Surveillance Department to pull you over and detain you .
te	O	He held his hand steady , waiting for the watch to come to a standstill .
te	O	If you 'd pay a little closer attention , you 'd see that he feels really bad about drugging you . "
te	C	He always hated mathematical principles .
te	O	There was a few trees and some small shrubs , but not much growing in the rocky ground .
te	O	He has been known to keep a watchful eye on his minions .
te	C	He reappears with his watch .
te	O	She bought essentials with the cash and traded the drugs for information .
te	O	Sergei watched as she charmed his servant , irritated beyond anything he 'd previously endured by the jealous reaction .
te	O	This would be important for me to remember , not only for my report but for my own cleanliness .
te	C	A very large group , " Godfrey consulted , " too many to be the usual messengers .
te	O	She wanted him to contradict her , to tell her that she meant something more than just a morning shag beside the stream .
te	C	" To new power , " my demon rocketed and shifted away .
te	C	Grey smiled at that , despite his autopsy , and put down the commission .
te	O	It landed with a dull splat in the mud churned up by the armoured car .
te	C	" But I guess she does know her doubting .
te	O	They could play hide-and-seek for a short while , but if they remained on the island , they would be found .
te	C	So , I stayed over , giving me the opportunity to parry with the land .
te	O	She so wanted to see the Millennium in Paris ... But ... " He sighs again and his shoulders slump .
te	C	There was a certain peace having no worries or pressures other than the owls ' safety .
te	C	There were no more cash withdrawals .
te	C	He 's not a tightrope ; they don 't like to piss off the hotels ; it was the weekend ; et cetera . "
te	O	" Well , we know that Xavier gets a chunk of his money from insurance scams that result from disasters .
te	C	I WAS YOU ! "
te	C	Miriam stretched out her hand , covered with greasy sausages from the heavy soap .
te	O	We need to make sure there are enough men in the expedition who will support our side when the time comes .
te	O	He showed them the windows that had been bashed out .
te	C	Blue pinpoints of energy shot around his body from head to foot , but the Jedi Master didn 't flinch .
te	O	My mind was in a whirl as this new sensation spread throughout my body .
te	O	Its doors lay on the ground in rotten wood planks .
te	C	They would rather sit at home , watch movies , and hide from the spectacle the fellas think creatures of the night are .
te	O	" So , you think you 'll find it more difficult to mistreat your son than it has been to mistreat your daughters and granddaughters ? "
te	C	Good thing too , lily is kind of hit or miss right now . "
te	C	All these categories can be found in space , as can water .
te	O	But he 'd always had a strong affection for weaponry .
te	O	The teller had to check with me about it .
te	O	" It will all be over by the end of this year ... " A loud sigh swept through the room as the smoke dispelled .
te	C	It far surpassed any expectations that he had ... that any of us had .
te	O	But already she was starting to dissolve .
te	O	It dodged the limb with great expertise before slinking away , tail between its legs .
te	O	Email a copy to that unicorn you met once .
te	C	She crashed here with her ma and mushroom .
te	O	They were lined with dark black eyeliner on the top and bottom of my eyelids .
te	C	Was that the reason , or was that his own stepdaughter ?
te	C	Suddenly , the smell of the concerts made Emma a little ill .
te	C	When Ryan 's esteem needed to be put down ?
te	C	The doors were unpainted barrack of simple construction , with a symbol carved in the center , which was unrecognizable to the man holding the match .
te	O	She had dutifully put in the contact numbers for Simon , Tess , and the consulate .
te	O	The shifters stopped , the furious dance coming to a stumbling halt as they , too , cast their gazes on the threatening sky .
te	O	Shaun opened a cabinet behind him and took out a small mask with a plastic tube running to a silver canister lying on its side .
te	C	The blooms splattered onto the deck and oozed over the glossy wood like white , runny eggs .
te	O	It wasn 't like her to hang out in her room , either , not when there were boxes that needed to be unpacked .
te	C	" Mighty fine gift , tummy is . "
te	C	The delegates and their goons followed .
te	C	A root struck his weapon and pushed it over the edge of the table where it hit the floor with a cleanliness .
te	O	I will confess the name compounds my guilt , knowing there is no one to carry on your name .
te	O	I follow suit , gritting my teeth against the slight burn of hard liquor .
te	O	" A pervert named Moreau kidnapped her while she was riding her bike .
te	C	The toad peered in at the stone , new , sharp , and shiny , except for bird poop .
te	O	I wouldn 't trust most of them to foresee what I 'm having for breakfast tomorrow .
te	C	As he got closer and closer , the Osa house 's cliche got more real to him .
te	O	" Of course , here , let me introduce you to some of the clientele . "
te	O	" I trust it 's not past your bedtime ? "
te	O	They looked damn good together , and the thought had his lips clamping in a thin line .
te	O	She 'd inadvertently deprived their pursuers of any way to follow them .
te	O	" Bram can use more blokes like you .
te	C	Again , she helped the team reach the state finals ; they won their second straight state trooper .
te	C	The fire in her sweatpants was spreading , consuming her , flowing down her thighs .
te	C	As Frank had wanted , the marsh changed gradually into a restored site , what Frank referred to as his synagogue .
te	C	We 're the Atlanta of the galaxy : many beings stop here for a juniper .
te	O	" Then some other shaman did . "
te	C	The solution seemed to be correct at first , no error here ... He noticed that he draws along the old chariot .
te	C	Beth crossed her arms , tempered with his wounded expression .
te	C	Regardless , the attraction between them timed her soul and it made her want to know everything about him and more .
te	C	After the bodies had been pushed back into the wall they slammed the scrapes shut .
te	C	But I lent the idea of being anywhere near Foster .
te	C	A limestone structure of the highest quality with its ornate , dual wrought iron prongs , enough marble and granite to make any mausoleum proud .
te	C	It was a small steak , rice , and flops and yeah , it looked tasty .
te	O	He unrolled the tabloid rag and looked again at the damning photos splashed across the front page .
te	O	He had a way of knowing how much she 'd allow , kept nipping away at her resistance with deft touches .
te	O	" After thirty or forty minutes walking he came to a small clearing in the forest with several thatched wooden huts around a patch of cultivated land .
te	O	She wanted a bowl of gumbo .
te	C	He downed another potion quickly before running straight at the giant , slashing wildly many times and snagging several hits .
te	O	I have a feeling that I have just opened up a can of worms .
te	O	This combination of gems has the same likelihood to release huge amounts of carbon monoxide and kill us in our sleep .
te	O	We all knew the geological disasters were not man 's fault .
te	O	There in suspension was the form of a man .
te	C	Most of the time , so long as he did his chores and his homework and practiced the upgrade , she left him alone .
te	O	A sardine can with the words " death trap " scrawled across the side ?
te	O	We strut up to the girls and Luke starts making conversation with the girl he was checking out .
te	C	She bent over and kissed me , the tops of her breasts showing with just a hint of grime .
te	C	Some witches can cure things by mixing up constables and performing certain rituals .
te	C	" You deliberately seduced me . "
te	C	But you fail to see that with my title come heedless like social acceptance and respect .
te	C	The Fog 's shadow leaned up against the glass , attempting to peer in .
te	C	" We were tight , centurion .
te	O	Grace Townsend walked around the truck and helped Harris out of his booster seat , giving him a loud , smacking kiss .
te	C	" I 'm gratified to be going out .
te	C	We were at a wildness , and I didn 't want to interfere with your own goals . "
te	C	Don and Eddy were inside grimacing .
te	C	Somehow she 'd surpassed both , and he couldn 't pinpoint how or when .
te	O	We could have waited on some of these renovations !
te	O	They chomped and bit at the swords that cut them , and raved like madmen across the battlefield .
te	C	He did the robbery in his head : five days .
te	O	" Every stitch would only add to it . "
te	C	" As for being friends , I think we 've had enough trackers to consider each other friends , right ? "
te	O	" Oh , geez , " Chloe said .
te	C	I held up my hands in tempo .
te	C	Tom Byrd , his valet , had produced a cough like a sensor sweep 's , at a distance of approximately one foot from Grey 's ear .
te	O	She 's completely cured .
te	C	Knowing that what ever he wrote would be read and possibly jailed , he chose his words carefully .
te	O	A tall , very dark nurse in a pristine white outfit entered the room in mid-sentence .
te	O	Two hours passed following the abduction .
te	O	Despite his pounding heart , Jake remembered the significance of such an orientation , something he 'd learned from his father .
te	C	" Passed down the cliff ! "
te	O	When he was about to move , his wristband beeped .
te	C	One table for gods , one for charts ; both plied with nine courses of dishes that renewed themselves without cease .
te	C	" I trust that 's the only courier that I 'll ever need to give you , " Mab said .
te	O	Thus , the assured destruction acts as a deterrent .
te	O	Mia had headed to the dance floor , no doubt leaving the barstool for William .
te	C	There was an instant , unexplained mutual disliking there , as if old enemies had been reunited after years of recruiting at a distance .
te	O	You 're more qualified than I am to be a countess , frankly , if qualifications even enter into it .
te	C	He stood blank , became lost as any complexity .
te	C	I 'm so glad you could - " Leith had come running up to us and came to a total disgrace when he saw Dorian .
te	C	I bought a sandwich from our local rundown place and ate it sitting in the car , a practice I normally detest .
te	C	I 'd been right about the homecoming kings and fishermen having been crowned already .
te	O	The blessings of the Father God be upon you . "
te	C	Michael walked them both to the end of the driveway and stayed until the mosquitoes came to take them away .
te	O	Symptoms for the first stage included tiredness , fatigue , loss of balance , blurred vision , slurred speech , nose bleeds and swelling of the joints .
te	C	He fancied himself in his chair , sat up on his knees and slid the blue paper and its field of yellow stars closer .
te	O	" Now let 's do the family segment .
te	O	' Ahhh pish , sod ' em .
te	C	I bought her and have done my best to reunite her all the while knowing she might not stay with us when she comes of age .
te	C	Likewise , Alex showed no sign of damning .
te	C	That 's because we sort of value our lives and his little lady and mine would 've probably carted off parts we consider necessary . "
te	O	Was it the way she 'd reprimanded him even after she knew who he was , seemingly unimpressed by his title and wealth ?
te	O	You used to be a field operative , so I know you get this .
te	C	It took several seconds for her words to reciprocate in Damien 's brain .
te	O	SEE YOU AT THE GYM TOMORROW XOXO The first thing I did the next morning was call a locksmith and schedule an appointment for that very afternoon .
te	C	" 0 Jesus , ma , come up ! "
te	C	And I would never poison an imbecile . "
te	C	A swish of dancers in elaborate gold and red costumes pulled tourists from their inert cliques and bar stools and made them join in .
te	C	We return to our discussions when Seth jumps up from the booth .
te	O	Christina thought it unlikely the kids would have their radios on , but she agreed to try calling them anyway .
te	C	She slammed the door with a loud sneeze .
te	O	My quill can determine the answer ! "
te	O	On the other end of the line Jake remained silent and she guessed her brother was formulating his rebuttal .
te	O	" There are two of significant popularity , " Bertram replied .
te	O	Swiftly the maid set about scooping up the fabric and lace while the housekeeper stepped forward .
te	O	Whitney had made the observation early that certain girls seemed to be anchors for the others , allowing them to function better .
te	C	With vibrations that his research people were making at the quantum level , warming this planet would be a simple matter .
te	O	Her heart beat fast now , readying for him .
te	O	Carried across the sewer .
te	C	I was prickling my teeth , itching to loose my aggression on him , when he turned his back and headed out the door .
te	O	Oakes watched Thomas carefully for a response to this open blasphemy .
te	C	When the front door is battered open , the spell is broken , and Duke 's flying form trembles with Bobby in a full-body tackle .
te	O	They were climbing now , the oversize vehicle doing its job of hugging the road and navigating the less than smooth terrain .
te	C	" In that case , " she answered teasingly , " I stagger to your excellent judgment on the matter of my appearance tonight . "
te	C	The hotel 's lobby was everything I had hoped for , managing to quite elegantly slot itself into the ' seedy hotel ' diatribe with masterful ease .
te	O	Knowing any possible explanation would prove fruitless she decided to employ an age old tactic : denial .
te	C	Ethan chimes at first , and I know he wants to ask more questions .
te	O	' All that getting away from civilization , ' ' I 'm going to live my on Gilligan 's Island ' craziness .
te	O	And place the safeguards carefully .
te	O	She sat on the edge of the bed , her nails digging into the sheets , rending long tears in them .
te	O	The mages shifted and looked to one another .
te	O	" After He left you without a bowel ? "
te	O	Buddy swung it around until he could hold it , and played a couple of chords .
te	O	What agonizing fondness did I feel for them !
te	C	He could almost hear the slur of profanities she was wisely calling him just in her head .
te	O	He winces , covering his nose with the back of his hand .
te	C	Instead , he took off his coat , flinging it on the back of a chair , and walked towards me .
te	O	He was the other linebacker type that remained standing when I threw my little piece of magic .
te	C	" They all just happen to be off touring or feel rather mysterious just when she needs them ? "
te	O	He pours a generous measure into the cup , till it 's spilling over the edge and nods at it .
te	C	A measured blow from Victor 's elbow sent the smaller , thinner man crumpling to the floor .
te	C	Though my face remained expressionless , my guts were so knotted up that they were cutting off the specialist to my brain .
te	O	However , her Sergeant had started now and Millicent listened with some interest , wondering whether the man 's behaviour amounted to provocation for murder .
te	C	I used to sing it for the children in the pilings where I lived .
te	O	' Are you quite finished daydreaming ? '
te	O	With her dreamer 's intuition , she knew that Judson was living through whatever had caused the nightmare .
te	O	The epitome of a gentleman .
te	O	I needed him near me to retain my sanity .
te	O	Attempting to overlook the liquid dripping onto the floor , I waited for Lawson to share .
te	C	On the bedside table is a piece of integrity they removed from my leg .
te	C	Or like the adrenalin he felt as they raced down a hidden spiral staircase into a tunnel like the one they had seen earlier .
te	C	As soon as she was bundled up in a warm coat , he ordered the default to move on .
te	O	I barged right through your precious boundaries ! "
te	C	No doubt her mother must be expecting shapeshifters .
te	O	She 'd been shouldering a huge burden at work , taking the place of two people .
te	C	" A woman who isn 't afraid of her vigilance . "
te	O	I blew into the mouthpiece .
te	C	" Soon as we can be sure he 's alone and slain . "
te	O	You mean evolved ? "
te	O	He was a gambler , after all .
te	O	They would all assume it was a bar fight , not a supernatural showdown .
te	O	" If one person or group was strong enough to walk all four realms of existence , they would be able to enslave the world .
te	C	Dal drags down the stairs in a black jacket and heavy boots .
te	O	Dave didn 't pick anyone from his foursome .
te	O	We discussed the framework of an idea I had , to star Eddie and Joan Davis .
te	C	The earlier brush of his fingers is completely eclipsed by the strength and upkeep of his grip .
te	O	The guys gasped around us in disbelief , and others were snickering .
te	O	Now I know for sure , she wants to be my BFF and that ´ s all she wrote .
te	C	" Wouldn 't they have drained some from its loathing the way that the Royal Physician gathers snake venom for his antidotes ? "
te	O	" Jack , I 'm not going to make it much longer but I 've put everything you need to know in this manuscript .
te	O	From G he found C and D. Without thought his fingers continued past F and Bb .
te	C	THE KICK to his circulation took Ty off guard .
te	O	The shrinking rectangle of light at the top of the chimney looked down on me from above .
te	C	Swan was not so mired .
te	O	It festered , even in its reflection .
te	O	He showed no emotion about it , as if these great feats of strength were no more to him than watching grass grow .
te	O	Yet another damn manipulation .
te	C	The smell of a sorcerer was actually one that triggered fear in me and most other vampires .
te	C	The next looker whose name starts with D was definitely communicated to be mine .
te	O	" She 's a fiery wench , isn 't she ? "
te	O	I didn 't want him to see the anxiety and fear rioting in my gaze , but it was there .
te	C	At the national level , bitches watched and waited , hoping that it was all just a bizarre passing phase , like hula hoops or Beatlemania .
te	C	His heart jerked in his chest , and he kissed her again , using a gentle rhythm to interrogate her to ride him .
te	C	Snow was falling again by the time she and Hailey left , but this time in big wet warheads .
te	O	A large sea serpent had risen from the water right in front of her .
te	O	Only Magic Words had that kind of understated energy in Little Spirit 's set .
te	O	Ryan 's grin said he would certainly not forget , and he looked forward to a replay .
te	C	I came across Reece where the draperies divide . "
te	C	Light , blinding , heat churning , and the wind that whirled it all into a stub .
te	O	Ivan sat back down and accommodated his less mature brother who munched contentedly without taking his eyes off Sally Ramsay .
te	C	And the trees outside still held their color , their detail , because the beaches were shining up at them .
te	C	They split up and found new craftsmen . "
te	O	Sean smiled and seemed perplexed , like he was trying to think of a comeback but couldn 't , for once .
te	C	They had come to Ghost in the same creche section , were the same age ( within days ) and had remained friends .
te	C	Indeed the Vampires had instilled the spot recently .
te	C	She remembered again the party they 'd come to here , as tits .
te	O	They would entreat him to take up his baton and resume permanent leadership of the orchestra .
te	C	Robert climbed back on the wagon , worked his way through the open door of the steel frame of the rack , and started pulling caps .
te	O	His palm massaged her throbbing clitoris .
te	O	I asked him , pausing in the doorway of his slightly cluttered , candle-lit workroom .
te	O	It 's a marvellous gadget .
te	C	" Don 't hate me for hangin ' , Parker .
te	C	She hadn 't been able to propel him into it , even with the knowledge that Martha 's life could depend on the credibility of her lie .
te	O	" We could imprison entire worlds inside a virtual universe created by her mind . "
te	O	It seemed to emanate from everywhere , hunting down every last shadow and eradicating it ruthlessly .
te	O	" I 'll get your addresses . "
te	O	" We had a hiker in just Saturday who saw the bear , too , Angela .
te	C	My first instinct is to crawl back inside the disruption and hide in the floor for the remainder of my life .
te	C	I may even get a teacher association soon , which as you know , is quite rare .
te	C	Oh , not the actual lectures , really - personalities were , as a rule , not that exciting in person .
te	O	The tab kind of froze while I was cleaning the plate .
te	C	Including Monica and her sock cloths . "
te	O	The only sound that joins their serenade is the second wooden step that creaks on our way to the porch .
te	O	As she leaned in to oblige his request , Danni felt as if she had fallen under some kind of spell .
te	C	His phone indicates with an incoming call .
te	C	Sali grabbed a share of the catacombs and followed Ashe inside the house .
te	O	His hiss , a deadly promise of retaliation , was the last thing she heard before he melted away .
te	C	With my eyes and the rest of my face tediously pretending not to see her attentive eyes rounding over my every word , comma and full stop .
te	C	There was no other way to explain the searing blisters that came from being near him .
te	C	The secretary sat back down in an exasperated fashion and huffed at him ; she whirred at the second-hand raindrops deliberately so as to make him wait .
te	O	The soles of his low boots left little impression on the hard , dry ground .
te	C	John marched angrily back up the trenches and stairs , forcing those with shorter legs to jog to keep up .
te	O	One had even been yanked from its rollers .
te	O	I watch him , fighting the wave of pity that sweeps over me , urging me to put my arms around him .
te	O	I had to drop the phone to wrestle it away from him .
te	O	His fair hair he had whisked around the top of his head , and amazingly it stayed in place .
te	C	Instead of offering up some appetizers , they 'd threatened us with a hanging and booted us out of town .
te	C	Donna shocked , " Shit , " both of them running , the van occupying , aiming right for Donna .
te	C	They passed a pint of kids wearing T-shirts from Ulster Prep , Jordan 's school .
te	O	With those words Kae raised his sword and lunged into battle once again , hacking down any enemy that stood in his path .
te	C	I don 't even need politicians anymore . "
te	C	It was time to tie up the loose ends before a patrol happened along or the survivors brought word to the Lady and she demonstrated her forces .
te	O	" Drink it , " Mia advises .
te	C	A former computer programmer , Mark was aware of how easily a person 's computer habits could be their breakup .
te	C	Even if he had given her the best fashions of her life .
te	O	' We mean , ' said Pippin , choosing his words carefully , ' that it 's no good groping in the dark .
te	O	As you can see , I have given Douglas and McDougal free rein for the time being and have concentrated my attention to occurrences several moves ahead .
te	C	" Yeah , " I say , marveling the toilet .
te	C	On multiple occasions I have witnessed old men escorting women half their age .
te	O	She hurried down the staircase in her wrapper , carefully holding a candle to ward off the darkness .
te	C	" Oh no , darlin ' , you 'd remember , I promise , " she said , trying to confuse her smug grin .
te	C	It stopped , but the framing didn 't .
te	C	And , if you come , bring your bedtime .
te	C	What 's he , promoted ? "
te	O	" I 've asked Jonah to speak with you regarding a burial site discovered by a hiker and his dog two weeks ago . "
te	C	The cockpit is also heated to prevent pollution from the cold outer space .
te	C	The space was muggy around him , the smell of engine oil and old food possessing the air .
te	C	Thus Romulus began his archer , the skill he did so well .
te	O	Wade shot him a thumbs-up .
te	O	Yet of all the memories the one of the man in the black suit is the strongest , and glows with its own spectral , haunted light .
te	O	William unbuckled our sleeping child from the backseat .
te	C	Quinn trailed them inside the plane , up the stairwell , Tanner into the left seat , Kathleen into the goon 's seat .
te	C	There are patrols to execution available to us which are far more beneficial .
te	O	I looked up at the porthole to see Old Roddy 's shadow standing there , looking down on us .
te	C	Old family videos never fail .
te	C	" Yes , I am but please , don 't do anything you don 't want to do , " I added , fogged .
te	C	What it didn 't contain was the ghost of a kisser .
te	O	A determined stare overtakes his features .
te	O	Heaven above if he hadn 't married the greatest seductress of all time .
te	C	" Well , after I kill a few more prairie dogs , I 'll measure out the new consistency . "
te	C	I zeroed back the diner .
te	O	A rap at the door made him bump the table and knock over his empty juice glass .
te	O	" Alistair ... " Jess turned away abruptly , her free hand gripping the gunwale .
te	O	Snips and clips and photographs of the beautiful and the terrifying .
te	C	He pulled a fat orange envelope off the bureau and handed it to me .
te	O	" Let 's hurry up before they think we 're snooping , " I said .
te	C	She 's treating me like I 'm in meditation instead of fourth grade . "
te	O	Panting now , she groped above her for a latch .
te	C	He cleared out a small sanctuary with practiced yoga in some heavy undergrowth , unrolled a blanket and bedded down for the night .
te	C	He speaks about trying to make things right by taking Lennox in , raising him as his own , to rummage for his sins .
te	O	Worse , I could hear cars and trucks converging around me .
te	C	They were in the keep 's covered way , used for princes and departures .
te	O	He slams his fist into the rock wall so hard that the earth around us trembles .
te	O	The best movie we saw last year was Forces of Destruction . "
te	O	He recognized the need for gallantry .
te	O	When Noel 's units met up with the railroad from Wellington , then supplies would flow more easily to the forces defending the center of the island .
te	O	" How often do you reproduce ? "
te	C	She leaned even closer , one slender finger pointing to the messy black surfboard on the paper .
te	O	School 's halls and classrooms saw thousands of screaming kids pass through since the 1940s .
te	O	( " Not one , not two , but three kidney machines , " he was saying .
te	O	At Jo 's puzzled stare Kate continued , " I think this has something to do with some sort of human trafficking . "
te	C	I could almost see our future swinging back and forth like a clock chime .
te	C	Thrown off balance by the rolling dunes and his drunken head , he lost his footing and fell backward against the port sliding door .
te	C	Our politicians will come again in a week .
te	O	She couldn 't believe he would bring a third party into a night of personal and private revelations .
te	O	asked the old raccoon .
te	C	They had several options of ports and bolt holes if the weather turned nasty , including Cuba , as pottery was a Canadian registered vessel .
te	C	Her frown deepened when she discovered the Captain of the Guard smirking as they walked into the fray of the purchasing company .
te	C	Somebody really should invest a facial expression for sarcasm .
te	O	Chapter 19 : Back from the Edge " DAMN IT , SEAN , JUST CALM DOWN for a minute !
te	O	Cannon 's massive desk was another antique , a masterpiece of carved black wood that supposedly had belonged to the eighteenth-century Romanovs .
te	O	I saw him look over his shoulder at me when he reached the corral , like he wanted me to follow him .
te	C	He swallowed hard and closed his eyes again , flushing at his dissipating restraint .
te	C	Jake pulled the cutlass from its predecessor .
te	O	We kept looking behind us and up on the ridges for any sign of the demon .
te	O	" Climb out or I toss you out . "
te	O	He removes his hand from under my shirt and grabs his cigarette , lighting it up again .
te	O	Veronica stood up , holding the jumpsuit against her and tried to cover up , feeling self conscious once again .
te	C	A beam of light contrasted his eyes , and a bolt shot out and went straight through Alanna .
te	C	" As does the sight of that mistake , dressed in default and mingling with Society , " he bit out .
te	O	Mom bailed on us when I was a baby and we haven 't seen her since . "
te	C	Those are traditions that have developed over the ages as devils and poets each added their own creative flare to the story . "
te	O	This harness was connected by a slender chain to the mechanism that upheld a huge iron ball which was suspended above the captive 's hairy breast .
te	C	A doorman invited them into a long foyer with marble floors and asked that they wait while he recited his masters .
te	C	When Jed was born he was a normal child in every way except he was classified as being hyperactive .
te	C	Amira was focused on searching for ornaments , and simply did not bring it up .
te	C	It took me a second to figure out how to answer that , and I shifted my yoga to my other arm .
te	C	The moments ticked by before she ramped up a coherent thought .
te	O	Listen , I think there is someone tampering with my phone .
te	O	Everywhere you go , on either side of life , everybody 's a comedian .
te	C	" We really appreciate your curfew . "
te	C	A minute later , the wheels slotted into the molecules in the dry cracked road .
te	O	" It 's a workday and its afternoon .
te	C	I winced , expecting light to pierce my thumbnail uncomfortably .
te	O	She began cleaning the dining room while Sherry finished in the kitchen ; then she vacuumed and dusted downstairs - at least in all the public areas .
te	C	Grace reached for her purse and paid for her stronghold at the front counter .
te	C	It would stimulate the people at home until the galaxy would eventually turn to Palpatine 's way of thinking .
te	O	I pulled the power back inside of me and quenched it .
te	C	We heard tales of ideals and massacres but we could not believe these .
te	C	" They 're white and they 're fainting .
te	O	The one in grey turned to glance at him with matching grey eyes , and the hermit stopped testing the breeze .
te	O	The band members stepped over , congratulating us loudly as they hugged us .
te	O	The car veered off the main road and rocketed down a steep incline .
te	O	I started to say we weren 't friends but then reconsidered .
te	C	the waitress asked me , not missing a beat on the coffee filters .
te	C	She settled gingerly onto the booth seat opposite them , her arm still stiff despite Jace 's offenses .
te	C	But it felt incredibly real for a haircut .
te	C	The smile is torn clean off my face when my phone beeps again .
te	O	As days pass , the others recuperate .
te	C	By the time she walked out of the sensitivity , her little toe on each shoe had squeezed between the narrow straps and escaped .
te	C	And I know that the main venue is a very clever man . "
te	C	" He expected to pluck his detector easily , not be pummeled by you and chased by me . "
te	C	" This is one of Lucinda 's diamond earrings , and I 'm sure its match is the other infatuation .
te	C	On 3 December , the UN Security Council overwhelmingly approved Resolution 794 , which authorized immediate gallop .
te	C	The cut is deep and long , with blood still recuperating from between the ripped skin .
te	O	Look in the frozen north beyond the last of the woodlands near the western sea .
te	O	Melissa and Chris strayed away once in awhile , but for the most part they stayed close .
te	C	Known for its main drive that circles along the neighborhood , there are 4 streets that promote the area encompassed by Circle Drive .
te	C	Hence the hire car and the mainframe .
te	C	I mean lie without supervision .
te	C	" Sounds good to me , " she purred and dipped her face to dine at his neck .
te	C	Their pursuers , however , couldn 't have been more dissimilar .
te	O	Niall lifted the crane again , quickly hammered it into its final shape , and thrust it into his cooling barrel .
te	O	The moving boxes were out in the garage , folded flat and wrapped with twine for Monday 's recycling truck .
te	O	The Superiors ordered him to triple his workload so the shoes could be issued to Police and Guardians .
te	C	She put a hand against the window and the crows spiralled up and outlined her hand .
te	C	He throttled the memories of his six months with Maddie .
te	O	Reluctantly , Eva nods and gives in to me , but there 's no absence of disquiet in her face .
te	O	They had a big blowout a year after his wife died . "
te	O	( We apes had learned to Be Prepared , of late . )
te	C	" Oh hell no , " Boone boasted .
te	C	" You will need haste as your disadvantage then , " he said , and was gone , turning the corner they had just come from .
te	C	Glancing to his right he could see his uPVC kitchen door with its five lever mortise locking system smashed to unconsciousness on the kitchen floor .
te	O	Dex asks , flashing her a smile and stroking his chin scruff .
te	O	The twilight seemed infinite in Nashville this time of year , like summer in Alaska , one day merging into another in an endless wash .
te	O	I 'll even spring for a pedicure , if you 're worried about your delicate feet chafing from frostbite . "
te	O	But nothing ever showed up to enforce the terms .
te	O	I pointed to the rafters above .
te	O	The crooning stops and Big D calls off his goons , who grab Jetta 's arms .
te	C	His room reeked with plants and flowers from all over the state .
te	O	He was honoring his truce with Alexander .
te	C	With such a powerful artifact they could not only destroy the Veil , but it would give them keel over the other vampires . "
te	C	Sunny had to push in really close to see the bureau .
te	C	Planes already in flight seem generally unaffected as are frogs and military trucks .
te	C	She felt it in a swift , hot oatmeal down her spine , and she was diving forward even before Lucia yelled " Gun ! "
te	O	We trekked at a decent pace up and down the hilly trail and about twenty minutes later we came to a fork in the path .
te	C	Though he 'd not fought in years , he 'd managed to keep his strength and Fish .
te	C	" Don 't tell me he lapsed again ? "
te	C	He sat up , tapering off another blow from Mr. Hunter , and sat blinking at the carnage round him .
te	O	" Child " she said again , this time she was close to Tammy .
te	C	After I get off the phone , I 'm getting you signed up on the circuit , " Quinton utters .
te	O	The best omelet he 'd ever had .
te	C	He didn 't look that pale when we were talking and thinning on the bus , so I was hoping he wasn 't coming down with anything .
te	C	The guards leaped after Dean but the first giant slipped in the parachutes and the second tripped over Dean 's suitcase .
te	O	I found it while searching the receipts ! "
te	C	The watcher being of course that I would need it !
te	C	Probably amazed at the procedures of the plan , Maurice told himself .
te	O	She asks Danny if he 's remembered his traveler 's checks , his passport , his guidebooks .
te	O	Use the paddles , " yelled Dr. Mitchell , " It 's our only hope . "
te	O	If you can 't trust those labels , what can you trust ? "
te	O	And not one word of admonishment was uttered . "
te	O	He was rapidly learning just what sort of provocation it took to get a rise out of Verity .
te	C	A falcon flapped on top of it .
te	O	Bethany asked as her amethyst eyes focused on me .
te	O	We had spent forty eight hours being completely pampered at the spa and divulging into the delicious meals prepared by the chefs .
te	O	However , he quickly discovers that his old friend has dangerous secrets .
te	C	The ref came into view .
te	O	The storage room door is heavy , and it creaks when it opens .
te	C	Names , characters , places , and devils are a product of the author 's imagination .
te	O	The faces grey out in her peripheral vision as she focuses on the king .
te	O	Since I met Taylor two years ago , we have relocated more than fifteen times .
te	C	" She will not die of journalism , " she says .
te	O	Grown-ups had master bedrooms , and I didn 't know that I wanted to be a grown-up anymore .
te	O	They were , as you may have guessed , the gossips that we have come to know and despise .
te	O	The light did not illuminate the canal ; the canal consumed the light .
te	C	My head snaps up to study her more closely , but she does not appear to be infecting anything .
te	C	I looked around and saw that we were indeed not in a dingy storefront at all , thank the Ancients .
te	O	The baby laughed at the idea and clapped his hands together as if applauding her .
te	C	Dorian 's face was as still as a unicorn , his eyes looking past everyone as if his mind was somewhere else .
te	C	" Throw us please . "
te	O	Any resemblance to persons , living or dead , actual events , locales , or organizations is entirely coincidental .
te	O	He looked rather like a marionette whose strings had been cut .
te	O	The moment I saw you , I was drawn to you like a magnet .
te	C	He just converted the twine into numbers , starting with one and finishing with twenty-six .
te	O	I tried to recall the jumble of what had happened beginning from when they 'd snared us in their net .
te	O	Perhaps my description would have been an overstatement some years ago , but I don 't believe it is any longer , " he told his creator .
te	O	Recently I told your father , and he helped catch the rustlers .
te	C	" Come on , motherfucker , " Preston muttered .
te	C	We were blooming along a few paces behind Ben 's SUV , and I could see his and Tracey 's heads leaning together in a sweet kiss .
te	C	He gestured for them to propel him .
te	O	Afterwards Anya returned to her computer and planned to work until she depleted her powers of concentration .
te	C	" Our favorite sorceress , Mallory Carmichael , prefers to disprove them whole in milk .
te	O	Although bets are on you landing a husband before he even sets foot at his first ball .
te	C	My lungs burn , and the street surrounds .
te	C	You shall be interviewed as you deserve . '
te	C	My mind leapt to a certain proportion of Immortals that seemed concerned with everything but balance , but William was already there .
te	O	He 'd told them that it was a favorite spot for travelers in both directions to layover if it was getting late in the day .
te	C	The alarms , when triggered , would set off a high-pitched scream that not only alerted , but also lain .
te	O	Eventually just such a man staggered into the camp of an army on the plains where the horsemen made war , one tribe on another .
te	O	Jaxon could hardly believe her eyes when a man emerged from the peeling flesh as if from a cocoon .
te	O	The intruders crept about , snatching and subduing the undead women .
te	C	He had two large fangs sticking out of his mouth and from his chin dips , I could see what looked like dark liquid running down .
te	C	It hits me in the stomach and pushes me up against the initiative .
te	O	I will forever cherish this moment , and I will spend eternity thanking you and loving you . "
te	O	Father acknowledged her and she dived into a deep curtsy .
te	O	But her heart was too filled with worry to be distracted by such mundane pleasures .
te	O	She arches her back away from the seat gasping , and I know she 's right there .
te	C	Emma 's breath kept catching in her throat so that she felt just a step away from infancy .
te	O	The light from the lighthouse came on then , and in that instance of stark illumination , I could see that other figure .
te	O	Carlos staggered , then whirled around , ramming her into a tree .
te	C	No scoundrels , no primates .
te	O	" I 'm not a naive young virgin out for her first romp in the hay , you know .
te	O	The old hag wasn 't .
te	C	His superiors might have lauded his objectivity but his peers in the bureau just plain couldn 't stand any man who 'd turn his whole family in .
te	C	I practically sizzled just looking at it .
te	C	He extinguished it up to nerves .
te	C	" If you can figure out a different way to resize this module , I 'm all auditory sensor . "
te	C	He sensed irritation and driftwood from her .
te	O	" Maybe go skiing or something ?
te	O	If I brought along a big piece of skin it might be enough to strengthen the connection if I got closer .
te	O	The rest of the document was attendee names , business proposals and some minor finance issues to do with the lodge .
te	O	I think that sums up what I 've been able to figure out about you so far .
te	C	They were in the elevator when another growl came from his stomach and a fiend doubled him over , bringing him to his knees .
te	C	I 'm not yet thinking he 's going to turn on us like a mad bull or an angry turtle .
te	O	" I ... " My throat seizes up , and I can 't speak .
te	C	She 'd always thought the wives and girlfriends of vultures who " loved " them were complicit ; they loved the evil too .
te	C	The conductor watched him with wide eyes .
te	C	William - " Jenny 's eyes fixated on the dagger , on the figure of a wolf etched in its hilt .
te	O	He showered quickly , acquired an elegant , formal black tuxedo from the replicator , and was back in the transporter room at the appointed time .
te	O	He stopped at the edge of the woods , just inside the treeline .
te	O	" Looks too pat to be a drug overdose . "
te	C	When I round the corner to the kitchen Mason is standing at the sink trying to chop off his injured hand .
te	C	I showered , dressed and sizzled right through the ceiling .
te	C	Meet the Author Frye Martin is a new author from Chicago , Illinois with a mission to bring fresh ideas and unique styles to her writing .
te	O	A peal of thunder roared across the sky .
te	O	Nolan hadn 't seen someone pay that much for one product in all his days of bartering .
te	O	With brows furrowed in deep curiosity , his gorgeous eyes bored into my own , shrewdly assessing and evaluating .
te	O	Her eyes darted to the heaps of dirty clothes piled on the sofa and the ashtray on the coffee table .
te	O	His tongue felt shriveled .
te	O	Logan 's eyes ignite with frustration .
te	C	She scowled at him and brilliant blue energy shot out from her back and fussed over her head .
te	C	Nice to meet another sight pollution .
te	O	The sound startled both Mike , who finally pried his eyes away from the kid , and Terry , who had fallen asleep leaning on the streetlight .
te	O	You can talk if you want to , but if not we 'll just scarf up some burgers .
te	O	Zane glanced to his right to see a dark figure leaning against the wall further down , a halo of blue smoke rising from his lips .
te	O	It was that receptiveness to his customers that made his the most popular gaming house outside the official , more expensive outfits in the Administration sector .
te	C	Danvers sent out a telegram this morning .
te	C	A kilt beside the door proclaimed his identity .
te	C	You 'll have half the State of Texas looking under every rock and indecision in Mexico , searching for him . "
te	O	She rushed forward and slipped inside grimacing as she walked straight into a thick wall of cigarette smoke .
te	C	" Gary " - the voice , as always , was Fish and strength - " please leave us for a few moments . "
te	C	He stroked her face and lapped her .
te	O	He looked over the assemblage , the faint smile wavering on his lips .
te	O	Sato jumped , ignoring the increased danger of debris and quaking .
te	O	" Tsk , tsk , tsk .
te	O	It humped in the centre , each side greeting the grass like a stone anthill .
te	C	The thing was , they 'd climaxed so well , as if they 'd know each other forever .
te	O	Scented candles burned in dishes on either side of the table , which did little to dispel the thick stench pervading every inch of the house .
te	C	But even under a hound 's spell , the guy was determined .
te	C	A spell of sacrifice will protect someone from being hypnotized by the One Beneath , always and forever .
te	O	It is because we are harboring an alien ?
te	O	It was a brown mutt with white paws and a white splotch on his chest .
te	O	The woman 's brown eyes were full of empathy .
te	O	" So Marino left the image as a warning to other psychics who might happen to have his talent .
te	C	There will be an allowance yet . "
te	C	He 's probably able to evoke some power from it already .
te	O	I yelled at Eva and Violet , pushing the two girls until they were up against the closed doors that led inside the riverboat .
te	C	He stared at me as though seeing an oomph .
te	C	The main entrance connected to the ground over the chemist had several guards keeping careful watch on the area .
te	O	He picked one from the pile and began reading and making comments in the margins .
te	C	The world could be verified by intergalactic overlords and he wouldn 't even notice .
te	C	I expect him to provide us with a goldmine of data as well as uncaring that our primary objective is achievable . "
te	C	Waving Mathison aside , Jordan stalked to the door and yanked it open , angrily flinging the stately butler .
te	O	Did he guess that I was faking my infection ?
te	O	The Proteus was still falling , still shrinking , and Carter , with an effort , raised his hand .
te	C	" I say tits , " came the voice of Sir Rupert at the doorway as he came out followed by an elderly servant carrying a tray .
te	C	Aunt Maya had often spoken of the king 's men escorting women for fun when they passed through towns .
te	C	The first part is fairly simple - the part about the Orb turning red and the name of the gem of Dark being revealed .
te	O	Janet stretched , yawned , and was about to set out for a walk when she was overtaken by Celia .
te	O	I instantly blushed , realizing the innuendo that came with that reply and added , " Legal services that is .
te	C	Nick smiled , wriggling in the sight of her as she rounded the bush .
te	C	I watch Olivia as she slides in behind the wheel to give it a construct .
te	C	Bum chose to continue drinking the drink he 'd passed out mid rotation of .
te	C	If not , he inhales .
te	O	" I 'm sorry sweetheart , I shouldn 't harass you so much .
te	C	" His tough hide must be immune to the little bitches .
te	C	" Well , really , " Hilda said , cornering a still quivering Mitzi in her arms .
te	C	They were bare in the styles I 'd chosen to wear in anticipation of the hot weather in Hawaii .
te	C	We are awaiting an update on her condition , but we 've been told that she was comatose and on a courtship when she arrived .
te	C	I inhaled sharply before unlocking .
te	O	I thought of the discoveries I 'd made since our early-morning rendezvous -- the angel in with his things , the photos I 'd seen .
te	O	That could be on a postcard .
te	O	A quiet college town the day before , Helena now rivaled the bowels of hell .
te	C	His thoughts wandered to the grave that the pickle jar had been buried in .
te	C	What she needed to concentrate on now was engaging Josh out of his mind .
te	C	The two had seemed to form a mole somewhere between my shower and breakfast .
te	O	He had her with the dual threats of eviction and exposure and he knew it .
te	C	His bare chest slides over mine as he thrusts hard and fills me up , sliding with an exquisite foreplay .
te	O	Over there by the giant nurse log that sprouted a dozen smaller plants was where Tommy had first kissed Angie ... and tried to feel her up .
te	O	A lone man reclined upon a soft , decadent bed .
te	C	" Ignore it away . "
te	C	If anyone asks , I 'll say they 're all my predictions and we 're on summer vacation .
te	O	His shyness meant that he often came across as aloof and snobbish .
te	O	They rode the gondola at the Venetian and shopped at Caesars Palace , then ate lunch at Wolfgang Puck 's restaurant .
te	O	cried a tall woman , as she lead her horse into the outpost stable .
te	O	Leaning back , she studied Helen for a moment , trying to find other similarities to Simon .
te	O	I stepped between them , and the faery retreated with a faintly amused look .
te	O	Now , everyone inside that embassy is in danger , if they haven 't been killed already . "
te	C	He turned the flame on under it , then reached for the plate of confessions .
te	C	Luckily the rain hadn 't escalated past a calmness either .
te	C	" Guests ' names ? "
te	C	There 's absolutely nothing in the Mayan culture or bankers to suggest the world will end this year .
te	C	With his eyes closed he listened to the journey of the music as it swelled then recited .
te	O	This heiress you 've met , " Petal said .
te	C	Otto removed his thick sideburns and wiped his watery eyes .
te	C	By this time the boats with the last of the coins and organisation had left the shore and were almost back at the ships .
te	O	While their governments are in chaos , I will rebuild my army . "
te	O	" I 've disgraced my family so I 've been sent to Siberia to learn the error of my ways . "
te	O	What did he have to devote his time to now except protecting Kari ?
te	O	" You know , exercising , " he said .
te	C	' This wasn 't a rendezvous .
te	C	A normal woman would wait until dinner was served and they reveled in the news of the waterfront deal .
te	C	She was my eternity and my objection .
te	C	Either way , she accepted the motif .
te	C	" No , the last two grooms don 't follow the same pattern as the basic eight .
te	O	While you were checking out the Sisters of Doom . "
te	C	It was a subtle disruption to Nicole 's idea that all the kids in the Spanish-speaking school were white kids .
te	O	" It holds within it the spirit of the first demon I ever slew .
te	C	No wonder he looked ready to cascade over .
te	O	There were several female friends and acquaintances that could usually be counted on to share a room .
te	O	Behind the table was a white projection screen , contrasting with the faded yellow walls .
te	C	And Reuben walked down the windy slope to the catwalk with his box of gifts for his father .
te	C	He 'd pummeled without even knowing he 'd done it .
te	O	I bit my lips , my cheeks reddening .
te	O	And a G. Just three chords , and you can play a song ... I shook my head .
te	O	" Olivia , I appreciate your willingness to make sure Mason has a place to feel at home .
te	C	I ate enough , every single day , that I would easily pierce their concerns .
te	O	The stove was a fire hazard .
te	O	" I think you like heartbreak . "
te	C	Maybe it wasn 't just the clones .
te	O	I winced , sensing her frustration , the disappointment , but there was no condemnation .
te	C	I straighten up , disappointed , but not completely discounted .
te	O	" I really , really want to go to Headquarters .
te	O	The betrayal still stings .
te	O	It was the kind of thought that flew like a sparrow through my mind .
te	C	Two or three minutes to make the crust .
te	C	Shoulda , coulda , Burning .
te	C	Just before noon recess , I found out I was summoned for a joint patrol with the Italians .
te	O	His expression was condescending .
te	O	But purple splotches have already inked across his skin , and when I run my fingers over his neck , it feels wrong .
te	O	Neil guessed he didn 't have to look presentable on his home turf , but it was still disorienting .
te	C	Of truth and jasmine , of promise and threat .
te	C	" " Coons die , dogs die , all things hangin ' got a time and a place .
te	O	Corrado nodded , motioning toward the briefcase , silently permitting him to prove his worth .
te	O	He turned it over in his palm , reading the words that graced each side of the intricately crafted weapon : Faith .
te	O	It was an anomaly , which frightened her , but the power of the mark goaded her to leap first and ask questions later .
te	O	You 're about to keel over .
te	O	Dark clouds swirled across the sky , dulling the sparkling stars scattered above her .
te	O	It went deeper than my vagina .
te	O	Millicent and I have always been creators , not always artists , but definitely creators .
te	O	He owed them big time for avenging Lori .
te	O	Dr. Jacob Crawford was killed , terminated , over a year ago .
te	C	" But he said I was a conqueror like he was telling me that I was a vampire or witch .
te	O	They 're sure to check the airports . "
te	O	Speed 's mom was distracted , reading some technical papers about minerals on the moon , and how they might be used to generate energy .
te	O	Fields and pastures surrounded the town and invaded it , reaching into gaps between clusters of buildings to make best use of the sparse flat ground .
te	O	I thought they might travel together , taking cruises or going sightseeing , but after the first visit to Jerusalem , my father always traveled alone .
te	O	I scavenge through the box more , hoping something else is in there , giving me an obvious hint .
te	O	I enjoy a little spice in the morning , my Aya . "
te	C	I shrugged and surreptitiously started to confide her hair .
te	C	Saw Louis back there in the shadows , standing against the side of the bedroom fireplace watching me with such sensitivity and disapproval .
te	O	Whitney got chicken and dumplings about an hour and a half later , plus peanut butter cookies .
te	C	" Do you know this isle , General ? "
te	O	" Remember our guidelines and etiquette .
te	O	" I 'm not implying anything . "
te	C	" I 'm a fuckin ' sorta , so I think I can handle some cable runs and wire connectors . "
te	O	His fiancée had once accused him of being made of stone .
te	O	" Which means giving you a proper Claiming . "
te	O	The gene combination should be interesting . "
te	O	He demanded chapter and verse on why Friend had not been charged with assisting Frank with the coffin .
te	O	By evening , the blood clots , leaving me stiff and sore and sticky but alive .
te	C	Caroline became quite adept at espresso under Helena 's tutelage .
te	O	In economics , all realities are countable and we run our companies on the clear cut operative philosophy of counting it faster than others .
te	C	One was from her best friend from Evernight , Clementine Nichols , whom she 'd miscarried about the craziness last night .
te	O	There wasn 't a trace of a maternal softball to her delivery .
te	C	They are that tight with their caps !
te	O	With James Bowie , there was always something exciting about to erupt .
te	C	Steve and the other agent grabbed Mario and tarnished his hands behind his back .
te	O	I 'm scared you 'll hate Karen forever ... or that you 'll eventually begin to resent me for whatever choice I make tonight .
te	C	Chloe gasped in horror as she watched his long , dark fingers pierce through her underwear .
te	C	" And if they persevered , how do none of us know about it ? "
te	O	He grabbed a washcloth and began to wipe her down until she was clean .
te	O	She steps into me like a seductress , and for moment , I wonder if this afternoon is going to take a turn for the fantastic .
te	C	And all the tits for the rest of their lives .
te	O	Albert imagined himself planting a kick on the arrogant troop leader 's rump .
te	C	I 've been filling it up twenty laps at a time .
te	O	In fact , if it was capable of such a thing , Alex would have sworn that it was expressing a hint of satisfaction .
te	C	" I was entranced with gathering a considerable list of things .
te	C	" Where 's the pervert ? "
te	O	When he gets to my navel , I arch up , surprised by the quick , cold shock of an ice cube .
te	C	For myself , I crave only your love , Saw only to having you for my lover , my princess , my partner in everything .
te	C	" Hey , Cricket , " Tappan said , squinting up at the saloon .
te	C	Caroline turned and began pecking through her home .
te	O	" Sorry for the inconvenience . "
te	C	But they 're evacuating . "
te	O	Now they were nothing more than elaborate stewards .
te	C	That 's how I coached .
te	C	She fingers the rose around her neck as she drags her decision .
te	C	He 'd recognised the man embracing his daughter .
te	C	So they had fused their right to be physically present in the courtroom and had filed the usual electronic briefs .
te	C	God , as the kitty , must surely have created evil , as surely as He created good .
te	C	" The Prince asked me to send his spurs . "
te	C	" I accidentally discovered another universe right in my room -- a universe of frogs !
te	O	At that moment Amar emerges into the courtyard behind George , and someone in the crowd screeches , " There are more of them ! "
te	C	I assume you know a few ways to jostle her into doing what you want .
te	O	Once inside , they seemed reluctant to leave the air-conditioning and milled around looking at the fishing tackle .
te	C	My arm swings on its own and shatters into the door .
te	O	I reached out to grab the stem , trying to miss the thorns .
te	O	The hall was jammed pack with seniors and juniors students .
te	C	Maybe somehow they could dampen their way out of trouble this time before it began .
te	C	She fingers her mother 's charm fixed to her miscarriage .
te	C	She spotted a perk in the branches high above the wooden shelter .
te	C	There was a heroine of memories at her feet , going deep into the earth .
te	O	Turtle swam really close to the window , showing its yellow belly , paddling its short leg .
te	C	He drove his tongue hard , her sweet floral flavor another gagging sensation that kept him hard and ready .
te	O	The campground was as crazy as I 'd expected .
te	O	I think about hollering for a witness , but I 'm going to have to face him sooner or later .
te	O	They flashed past in a dizzy kaleidoscope .
te	O	A shortcut , he said , to expand its utility .
te	O	" Lives are at stake , and we need the Marat .
te	C	Minutes passed , it took the jolting crash of another house 's foundations giving out and falling in on itself to make him talk .
te	O	It was a silence that reminded her of something : of all the most beautiful strains of music coming together into one , single , powerful chord .
te	O	I grieve at this parting ; yet in a little while , as the Eldar account it , we may meet again . '
te	O	It 's huge , bigger even than the plantation and the entrance cavern combined .
te	O	I cast an oblique look over at my coworker , Ryder .
te	C	He gave a startled squawk and jerked his hand back .
te	O	The black mailbox at the head of an overgrown driveway had the right street number hand-painted on it .
te	C	Trinkets for staves , right next to the scallop shells of Saint James !
te	O	For a moment Max thought he might have to prompt the old man , but then he continued .
te	O	Tossing his pride aside , he ripped the cellophane off the package and tipped the corner of the tray into his mouth .
te	C	He crawls up immediately .
te	O	What a place he 's found to base his operations , ' muttered Toby , half in admiration and half incomprehension .
te	C	" I still endanger that horrid columnist of his , Mrs. Hollings .
te	O	After a moment 's exultation , that zombie has put the fear back in me .
te	C	It is forbidding for the mere sake of prodding . "
te	C	As heroes trained from birth they seemed easy to supplement .
te	O	I 'd be free of the awkwardness every time we saw each other and the school would soar to a new level of success .
te	O	" Saw your workers at the end of the road . "
te	C	" Pretty good seafood . "
te	C	" Anthony said he 's been getting calls from strangers claiming to be escorting a background check on me for a job I applied for .
te	O	She continued , outlining her plan .
te	C	On her own initiative , she removed the rest of her finances .
te	C	Through my mask , I focus on the drawbacks of ships at the harbor .
te	O	In the solemn pause that followed , a Mona Lisa smile materialised on Pope 's face and the cobalt eyes glinted .
te	O	The hobbits came back to their seats and sat very quiet .
te	O	" Beg to differ .
te	C	I towered over everyone , boys included , from infancy on .
te	O	He was still mulling over the events that had transpired the day before and he felt uncomfortable around the man .
te	O	Timothy 's in the surgical room preparing for the second round of injections with Denise and their patient , Stephanie .
te	O	I have also included an excerpt from my new series Oasis ( Romance in the Grand Canyon State ) .
te	O	" You 're quitting ?
te	O	One eye was swollen toad .
te	O	Set in Cuba , voodoo and zombies are just part of the ghostly shenanigans .
te	O	He set some milk into a saucepan .
te	C	A faint clacking noise seemed to come from nowhere and everywhere at once .
te	C	She prepped me because we 'd been friends forever .
te	C	She was tried and communicated to death .
te	C	" Oh yeah , caverns , " said Mona .
te	O	He charged the apparition in the corn .
te	C	We 've been together across two different principles , friends for as long as I can remember .
te	O	I 'm also no fan of Darius West 's , but the man 's got balls of steel and the vampiric prowess to back it up . "
te	C	Her hips jerked , sucking his jazz in deeper .
te	C	The elderly matron was more accurate than she might have guessed .
te	O	" Honey , I speak French and lead an occasional skirmish against the English .
te	O	What would the other inmates think of him if he let one get away ?
te	C	Allie kept a cardigan all night , her mind filling with all the things that could have happened to him .
te	C	He was the oldest Councilman and managed the castle 's manhood .
te	C	The flora here did not wait long to salvage any land that was left unguarded .
te	C	Luke 's car rolled up next to me and he coalesced to get my attention .
te	C	Now , she glanced worriedly at Lady Charlie , taking in her efficiency , the smudges under her eyes , and the dead slumber she was in .
te	C	" He cradles me for our mother leaving , " I said angrily .
te	C	" I must sound like I 'm ma or something ... " " No , Karrie .
te	O	Her words didn 't come across as callous , just discouraged .
te	O	I sincerely hoped that he was not going to waste time rehashing what we had both declared to be a pointless argument .
te	O	These dinner visits were the highlight of my day .
te	O	It reminded her of how her father would squeeze baby calves into the side of the corrals while he gave them shots .
te	O	They were becoming a nuisance indeed .
te	C	Her tummy , tapping its foot , demanding to be acknowledged .
te	O	Pushing thoughts of Carson aside , I picked a new password and finally logged in to my account .
te	C	A flashback of priestesses stepped off the platform .
te	C	As the tentacle reached the end of the hamlet , Galloway suddenly appeared with a hand held high .
te	C	The mirrors and integrity shone , books and papers seemed to be organized , and there wasn 't a speck of dust to be seen .
te	O	" Okay , don 't forget the homework and we have a quiz tomorrow on basic HTML code . "
te	C	Then , he said , " If you should see a ship getting to near to us , just holler down the roadblock . "
te	O	His hair was caked in so much mud that it had lost all of its shine .
te	O	" I don 't have the time or inclination to befriend a man I 'll see occasionally the length of our stay here and never see again .
te	O	" Shirt sleeve , " he corrected , delaying , damn it .
te	O	Let 's drop the phone off and let her go to work on tracing it back to the sender .
te	O	" You 're the profiler , " Michael replied .
te	C	So the cuffs must be bad for apps .
te	O	Sam had seen her , met her , joined her , coerced into the secret cult , the Friends of Willow .
te	O	His visits had been the highlight of recent years .
te	C	He was back at the gadget again , but this time he 'd picked up one of the pens .
te	O	Not wanting to be seen or caught on camera , they decided to forgo sneaking onto the patio .
te	C	Henry sends his urges . "
te	O	Marge would be on the phone before he could leave the store ... He could go over to the drugstore .
te	C	" He is workload of the plumbers ' union settlement , and he owns all of Lewistown . "
te	C	They landed a deal with another tavern owner through Gabriel 's baton .
te	C	These were the control towers that they were to oversee , and disable .
te	O	It will never be able to portray the sound of your voice when you whisper my name .
te	C	" And I want to see those peppers , Bee ! "
te	C	But mostly Kylie heard her own heart racing , sending billowing sounds through her ears .
te	O	They dare leave no stone unturned .
te	C	she cried out , sheathing her triumph to all within hearing distance .
te	O	Heather could not contain her excitement , knowing that it was probably Daniel and Betty , and tried to stand without using her crutch .
te	O	" You 're good with the brats . "
te	C	Remember , we may be weeded out and can go through people , but solid objects need to be watched out for .
te	C	However , I 'm paddling increased communications with the cruiser .
te	C	Robin asked , and for an unnerving moment I seduced him .
te	C	" Most likely not longer than a normal human crutch .
te	O	An observer is likely to take in more , and to agree to more , without falling in the direction of any sort of commitment .
te	O	He wound the noodles around the tines of his fork .
te	O	It was being developed as a way to stop runaway reactions , but they discovered it also had the potential to affect organic impulses -- neurons .
te	O	The inspector felt sorry for the baron for a moment , but he couldn 't hide a joyful expression from emerging on his face .
te	C	I promise I 'll find a way to put a stop to this insanity and we will be revived .
te	C	I can 't help noticing the dark blue ring that is now permeating the outer area of his once solid emerald colored eyes .
te	C	I went to the refrigerator in the little dining area , found a bottle of icy cold soda and drank it down in several octaves .
te	C	Culture implies civilised attitudes and imaginations .
te	O	He couldn 't say his birth surname .
te	O	There were several such waterways draining the Urals , massive aquifers flowing down from the highlands .
te	C	They know when to expect a filled coffeepot .
te	C	She hung on to the steel vices , lowering herself down until she was dangling six feet above the ground .
te	C	With triumphant shouts the force manipulating the two rushed in for the kill .
te	C	It 's accents , Jackson and unless the investors can be convinced then it 's over . "
te	O	He skillfully used little valves that acted as thrusters to steer his suit towards the center before he powered down .
te	O	" How about ' A crossroads in the evolution of the human species ' ? "
te	O	The quiet was disorienting .
te	C	The structure was ready to accept the network of nerves and purses .
te	O	McCoy , too slow on the uptake , fished a bottle of holy water out of his knapsack , already knowing that it was too late .
te	C	Make sure your research is solid ; one factual error can incorporate an entire novel .
te	C	" I 'm a clang . "
te	O	" It could be they are attempting a new form of brainwashing . "
te	O	The leather collar fell out of her mouth and her next shout of anguish filled the grotto .
te	O	She screamed , shaking her body and readying to get in his face .
te	O	The humming of the air conditioning was the only thing brave enough to make a sound .
te	O	* ' Crazy as a box of frogs . '
te	O	She would have loved to question him further but she had a room full of executives waiting for her .
te	O	After a while , Patrick paused to gaze at the shots in the preview window .
te	C	His animal was a mantle , but a younger werewolf could take him down easily .
te	C	There was no way to be secretive with an army the size of the two combined vibrations .
te	O	When I closed the book , the crowd applauded .
te	O	All the choppers have landed , occupying every rooftop in the vicinity .
te	C	The reflexes went on , and finally , it was Philip 's turn .
te	O	' Sorry Danny , ' she said quietly , hoisting the bags out the way .
te	O	The tops of the shells were tiny , and a layer of dust was visible in the crevices between them .
te	C	Luc 's heart slammed against his lordship .
te	C	I was invincible , coupled up by the power in me .
te	O	She grimaced at the taste , it tasted metallic and chalky , but she persevered , and finished the entire dose .
te	O	I thought of the Tower Room at Stafford and the trophies of Duke Humphrey I found there .
te	C	He reached down and showed them where two pieces of maturity hadn 't connected .
te	C	" You make friends of these exchanges ?
te	O	In his mind , he could let go the steel leg braces .
te	C	* * * " Why did you have to bypass ? "
te	C	Squeezing her eyes closed , she quickly spanked that thought .
te	O	He was also facing civil charges for sexual harassment .
te	O	Water steamed off of the body of the black creature for about ten , twelve seconds .
te	C	She gestured to the helper standing next to her .
te	O	That was why he took the opportunity to take a leave of absence to Virginia since there were repercussions from it .
te	O	" It shed light on his motivations ? "
te	C	" Even if they can 't kill us , they can - stall and terrorize us .
te	O	Depression was the new danger , but fortunately Theo had never shown suicidal tendencies .
te	O	Then I thought of my mother -- my beautiful dead mother -- and laid my face back against my father 's stomach and bawled some more .
te	O	The carousel had every nature of beast painted in loud , unexpected colors .
te	C	I 've always thought it resembled a seam more than a glove . "
te	O	I want to try to get some skiing in . "
te	O	So he put a coin in the box and dialled .
te	O	She favored him with a wry smile .
te	O	Someone bumped against Lady Emeline , still on his right arm , and he found himself baring his teeth at the man .
te	O	Uncle Duke , his supervisor , unleashed a torrent of words so filthy Quentin Tarantino would have blushed .
te	C	" She has a tent two blocks down , " the announcer said , pointing with a crooked finger .
te	O	Fridays are saved for their weekly get-together of drinking vodka and smoking " medicinal " weed .
te	C	She took a tighter grip on Nicolas , pressing herself into him , the only sanctuary left to her against the seam of a killing .
te	O	I was just passing by and thought I 'd see if your charming hovel needed any patching .
te	O	Tabitha felt like a set of eyeballs floating in an endless black void .
te	C	Vinny sat in front of a large glass screen framing the latest tech in computing interfaces .
te	C	' It is a baked Falafel pita bread sandwich with a chilly dip , and these are hot roasted water pelt and pumpkin seeds .
te	O	She approached the trunk , her incredibly long , elegant fingers running over the deep ridges of bark .
te	C	He 'd been sitting in the front row , right behind the metaphor .
te	O	She embraced them both but held on to Tess with a gratitude that defied words .
te	O	Not blank , like the undead , an abomination of nature , might leave , but truly nothing , as if the creature wasn 't real .
te	O	It was a life of steady pressure , sometimes all consuming , but more often simply unrelenting .
te	O	Sakura couldn 't help but ask after she 'd noted they looked as though they were conspiring about something .
te	C	The giant fireball turned back in surprise .
te	O	A cathedral , certainly .
te	O	His son 's words caused a lull in the adult conversation , and the kids ' attention was keen on the argument between the two boys .
te	O	My tears fal into the shal ow water , hitting the rocks and fish .
te	O	" He took their wills , their choices , away from them .
te	O	He let that need churn in his voice box , until his throat nearly steamed from the burn of it , before speaking again .
te	O	It has the most brilliant coastline in the world .
te	O	Light streaks zipped about as if energized by something unseen .
te	O	It was too much for her , the way he seemed to adore even her imperfections , and she made a sound of protest .
te	O	She didn 't attend many court assemblies and didn 't listen to the debates .
te	C	Trystan stands and plucks a pillow from the couch , but not before I have the chance to displease him again .
te	O	A triplet of nucleic acids encoding a protein is called a " codon . "
te	C	Do you know what the people say in the walkways below ?
te	O	Monks were not known for their stealth .
te	C	Anabel saw his feet sticking out from the shadows just before they ricocheted straight into him .
te	C	As the Olga continued to glide down the Volga , the group dozed , stared out the electrodes , or read .
te	C	I served Hera faithfully for years even risking my life to keep that swagger from Zeus and what did she do ?
te	O	Probably tagged and bagged for evidence by some of the FBI 's forensic people .
te	C	This one loved the game as much as he , but these nests held her back .
te	C	Call the fleet in bafflement .
te	O	Kenji laughs and I cringe , slumping to the floor behind the bed .
te	O	The Herald Angels Sing " with the same vigor and after that " God Rest Ye , Merry Gentlemen . "
te	O	" The creatures you see here are minions , soldiers and servants .
te	O	I had groaned when my drink came out -- another mason jar .
te	C	He looked at her papa .
te	O	If the King wanted the Dream Syndicate leaders so badly , why would one of his own Legends get in the way of that ?
te	C	As the first rodeo , Megan spent a lot of time with Aidan 's parents .
te	C	The object of the game is to get all the cows and sheep into the waterfront . "
te	O	Thus I relinquished my neatly packed suitcase and laptop bag to my rather odd companion .
te	C	" You 're saying you think you deserved my barstool after all ? "
te	C	After all , how else could we explain the fact that you went falcon suddenly ?
te	O	But slaying was how Ann Yanni saw it .
te	C	After that , the computer conversed for a few days , and suddenly was working again .
te	C	Then Puck pulled me into a bulkhead , and I lost sight of him for a moment .
te	O	He took a stub of pencil out of one pocket and a grubby notebook out of the other .
te	O	This information might not mean anything to most people but to someone who worked with systems and applications it meant a lot .
te	C	Then I was gutted from behind and pulled away . "
te	C	However , I have my own etiquette for you . "
te	O	They are already initiated and in phase one . "
te	O	The vendor I 'd hooked up with had started expanding into other recycled materials , including old tires and worn-out bike chains .
te	C	Tucker now knew the true fate of the unfortunate metaphor .
te	C	She chopped off to fulfill the request as Kim became fully absorbed in the spiral bound set of choices .
te	C	They gathered the data , took the photos , recorded the voices , sent the syllables in tight jeans into the right situations .
te	C	" So tell me William , what do you have planned for my lovely bride to make up for my birthday catastrophe ? "
te	O	" Mint , male , young , well , " the salesman informed him .
te	O	" Bless you , Guv 'n or . "
te	C	He gets to tell marketing people and manufacturers and underpants and store managers what to do .
te	C	Squeezing the shyness , shaking the melons , sniffing the flowers .
te	C	But even that refuge could not last much longer under such a fireball .
te	C	He levered himself from her and stood .
te	O	My palm stings as it connects with his cheek .
te	C	" Don 't go beyond here , there , and there , " she pointed , robbing an imaginary box about twelve feet square .
te	O	' You killed the last of the ogres .
te	C	Her mother was unwavering , although she was nowhere near full health yet .
te	C	" These are our noble patrons , " Gemma whispers as we take a seat on a mortar .
te	O	There were fire trucks , police cars , and ambulances rapidly approaching , right down the street .
te	C	The one seeing eye rolled madly in its hanger .
te	O	He was overwhelmed by everyone 's generosity .
te	C	If we got caught , both our jobs would be up for affirmation from the board .
te	O	We 're so lucky to have birthed her and raised her to be more intelligent than us .
te	O	" I want to see you in those leathers tomorrow , " he called .
te	C	I was bound and determined not to let her bolster my feathers .
te	C	I am sorry , Mr. and Mrs. Southington but I see no other bugger at this time .
te	O	If it weren 't for them , he knew he 'd be colder than a reptile .
te	O	Allison got right to work , like a tiger on the prowl .
te	O	A handsome , charming son of a very wealthy landowner in Kent -- he must have girls everywhere setting their caps for him .
te	C	The dominance needed to be prepared freshly each time , but it was worth the wait .
te	O	Well , one of the bosses , anyway .
te	O	In spite of what Thomas had said and the initial discussions between Sebastian and I , it was hard not to feel like things were changing .
te	O	Ross was gratified to see the little screen glow in a multicolored image - a map of their position in the Congo .
te	O	As Lukas unfastened the bolt , he heard something inside that made the hair on his neck lift .
te	O	The blow hit Janus like a battering ram and he arched up and landed on his back on the cobblestones .
te	C	The robbery was coming up in a couple months and I had no idea what would happen .
te	C	Mom reached down for another novelty .
te	O	I chortled and felt strangely warmed .
te	C	To catch Garrison and Agent Doyle , Xavier zapped the help of Juliet , a lifelong friend who was also born the same year as he .
te	C	The little head burrowed .
te	C	Inspired by this story of scientific exploration , his own mind is soaring .
te	O	Hopefully he 's celebrating not drowning his sorrows . '
te	O	" You can see grey seals now , if you look towards the shore .
te	C	" And since you seem impervious to my gawking at this , let me just spill it out for you . "
te	C	Still , its benefit outweighed its tummy .
te	O	The main commodity on the ancient route was silk , thus the name .
te	C	She accepts the table in frustration .
te	O	" Tie them up . "
te	C	Under heavy grey clouds , they sighted along , the cold air leaving the taste of metal in their mouths .
te	C	Even though Maddox suffered unbearably each night , he lapped Reyes , who could not live a single hour without self-inflicted torture .
te	O	" Hey , hey , " Nicky said , trying to deflect him .
te	C	" Tracking the whole mall ? "
te	O	You want to stop pollution and end wars .
te	O	All I said was that my family prefers to keep things private .
te	C	He licked his lips and unfastened my bra , then immediately started removing my shorts and panties .
te	C	Harry casually remarked that the gist seemed to have more of a pinkish glow .
te	O	You are a friggin ' genius .
te	O	Nicky started dominating more of the conversation , and Andrew 's silences stretched a little longer .
te	O	" I 'll never be okay , ever again , " she whispered back to the apparition in her mind .
te	O	" Search and rescue can take a lot out of a person . "
te	O	Linda helps me find some cute flats , a recent markdown , and then we head over to the cash register .
te	C	" You should have come home sooner , " she disagreed .
te	O	The two of them -- and every reasonable reader like yourself -- expected to feel the splat coming up at them from the bottom .
te	O	He grabbed a few pebbles off the top step and tossed one against the cannery 's wall .
te	O	She cried out and a shiver knifed through my stomach .
te	O	His dashboard screen lit up , and the dispatcher appeared , " Gumshoe , what do you want honey ? "
te	O	Monsignor Calvi had told him how infuriated the supporters of Gregory were by his aptitude to negotiate with Benedict .
te	O	The machine was a marvel and Hannah loved it .
te	O	It was in my underwear and I was pretty sure my dick had imploded .
te	C	Stephens stomped on the windowsill and the car roared off before they had even closed the doors .
te	C	A temporary oasis , he was certain ; she 'd come around .
te	O	In front of them she spread a diagram of the site itself .
te	C	This prompts the burly driver to sock him in the stomach .
te	C	The last of the energy ebbed , lifting the weight from Dahlia 's shoulders .
te	C	The younger ones had protested hotly when refused , but the elixir master had the final word .
te	O	He watched her walk to the telescope and peer into it .
te	C	Matthew left his side without another word and walked towards the incoming prisoners being bullied in by the armed sailors .
te	O	" Come on , " Archer urged as he rounded the landing , shedding the long-sleeve camo top .
te	O	" The man farts every time he opens his mouth , " Cassidy muttered as she reached the big stone shed .
te	C	" This will reduce the reptile and make your skin sting less .
te	O	Paul rubbed at the condensation on the outside .
te	C	" You know I became seasick ? "
te	O	I went to the kitchen , dining room , even the closets .
te	C	She was deeply susceptible to swagger : easy to embarrass though hard to disgust .
te	C	Two of them began fighting over one particular requirement , tugging at the meat , one on either end .
te	O	Did she have an ex-husband or a lover ?
te	C	Painter introduced Kowalski as his " personal integrity , " which caused the big man to roll his eyes .
te	C	Her coffin was released from the facility to spiral inwards with the aid of a small thruster so that it went directly towards the clash of Pangea .
te	O	He had his sleepover and about ten boys came and spent the night .
te	O	If he 's going to take my spot , he at least owes it to me not to hold back .
te	O	He made certain to be seen working diligently in the library each day , a room that had become a model of cleanliness and organization .
te	C	Thank you and can I have your audition ?
te	O	Perhaps having more boxes to tend will spur him toward new horizons . "
te	C	Kira glanced around again , her eyes widening as she recognized the moat surrounding her apartment building .
te	O	When I come to , crawling out from between the boxes of chalk and pencils , it 's dinnertime again .
te	O	" We haven 't coupled in some time .
te	O	Julian flinched at the unbidden memory from his last incarnation .
te	O	His eyes lingered a beat too long before moving to a curtain that spanned across the back wall .
te	C	She 'd spoken with enough cynicism to tell him that she wished he 'd done it .
te	O	That is , from His point of view , we move away , into what He regards as nonentity , where He never follows .
te	C	Finally , one lucky , random shot of his obliterated the last of his schemes .
te	C	He decided on the next best thing and swiftly but silently started to move toward the deeper darkness of the gurney 's walls .
te	O	I presumed that was my reward , but this hadn 't been my doing .
te	O	Ethan looked left to where FBI agents cuffed and hauled away suspects .
te	C	" We have to account for as many movements as we can to eliminate people from our nieces .
te	C	" Is fishing part of the persona here ? "
te	C	After another round of the whores , they finally stopped .
te	C	Guilt shot through me , pulling behind it spiky splinters that dug in deep .
te	C	Cole contrasted the glittering sky .
te	C	" That wildness was injured when we were trying to get you through Phoenix .
te	C	" We were talking about watchers , right ? "
te	O	Close up of roots shooting forward , grabbing up several people in the huddled crowd , and dragging them back into the mass of cactus .
te	O	" ... Possibly showers in the south , and likely thunderstorms in the north . "
te	C	The crises caused the impurities to settle or stick to the jug and the sugar and alcohol levels to become more ... Hmmm , correct . '
te	C	: ) I took in a lot of air , held it in my dead lungs , and released it back into my participation .
te	C	He had already gotten a carbine and a turquoise , like , but nothing else .
te	O	" You want to keep that ten grand , you 'll have to beat me in a fistfight .
te	C	He was not going to be shunned any more even if it meant fighting .
te	C	The flat roofs of the walls and ceiling were adorned with lighted symbols , which cast the interior of the ship in a golden glow .
te	C	He didn 't need anything from the person who stole his demeanour .
te	O	I never stole expensive cars with better stereo systems ; it wasn 't worth it .
te	O	We agreed to meet at the wharf .
te	C	" The only thing that will solve this injustice is meditation . "
te	O	Dad places an arm around her assuring her it wasn 't her fault .
te	O	" Target in the camera , " the copilot barked .
te	O	Then he flicked the toggle back to transmit again .
te	C	Then it tried something that looked very much like a small , hungry vermin .
te	C	Jim 's brother shouted when he came into the room and saw me attempting the cupcake heist .
te	O	He stopped himself from reaching for the hairbrush again , straightened his already straight jacket , and sighed .
te	O	One jury , half white and half black , had been unable to elect a foreman .
te	C	There was no note or instruction -- nothing to indicate why this had been done after the video had been spelled .
te	O	She was a cheerleader and probably Homecoming Queen .
te	C	" This is grandpa , " Paolo said , like many other Romans , assuming himself to be a partial descendant of these cartoons .
te	C	She felt his hands on her back , first skimming along her spine , then curling around over her nape , then stiffening in her hair .
te	O	Yes , he will , I thought savagely , and released the energy roiling beneath my skin .
te	C	" Why don 't you spank my proposal over -- " " No need .
te	O	With a card he would be by now a first-class repairman .
te	C	In her middle twenties , she was just cutting her teeth in the big leagues but showed some real promise as a bed-and-breakfast .
te	C	The larger giant came hurtling toward them , charging the scene .
te	C	Once they reached that line , they 'd be pointing their main struts forward again .
te	C	" We stagger for two weeks . "
te	C	Our family has sentenced to take on that responsibility , for the good of everything we cherish .
te	O	" Of course , but I don 't think you should worry about the orchard now . "
te	O	I needed to outlet it before I exploded .
te	O	If he could pick it up again , it opened up a world of opportunities in the southern hemisphere .
te	C	I may not be able to donate a spell , but I know basic physics .
te	O	As she shot her nemesis a sideways glance , her breath snagged in her throat .
te	C	This was what she got for trying to avoid Alex , Carol mused , propelling herself .
te	O	We wish to express our continued loyalty and obedience to the Beast Lord and his Mate . "
te	C	We didn 't have a cello and hadn 't noted the time when we exited , so we just stood there staring at each other .
te	C	They stood close together , their fronds of needles blocking out all but the barest streaks of sunlight .
te	C	Before he left he had analyzed the flat and changed the sheets .
te	C	If Mac made a run at Zinger , the aide would propel him .
te	O	Soon she arrived at the studio complex where the archives were housed .
te	O	It seemed wrong , unfair , that this man who daily risked his life for England was shunned by his own people .
te	C	" I 'm having a saloon at the club .
te	O	" The time for bickering about dresses and boys is over .
te	C	It was essentially a creeper taking off into uncharted space that would return under the direction of two solid pilots .
te	C	Echo turned slowly , trying to gain control over her quaking body .
te	O	He has endowed me with all greatness . "
te	C	" There 's talk that the imagery won 't go at all .
te	O	Being as there are no safe warehouses in the area , this grave is probably the safest place to hide it .
te	C	I was about to veer off when the next contraction hit .
te	O	" Do you even know how the mafia started ?
te	O	Over to the left , someone was grilling hot dogs .
te	O	I 'm not the pestering sort .
te	C	Her traitorous body instantly responded to him , her nipple hardening , her stomach quivering , and her breath rasping .
te	C	Marines tightened their grips and made final checks to safety harnesses before the shuttle started its rough descent to the planet .
te	C	I 've seen ducks eat mushrooms . "
te	O	That reminded her that she needed to be sure that the air conditioning was turned on .
te	O	Out here , with her blade , her faults fell away .
te	O	" There 's something about the chemicals here that counteracts the molecular composition of the tracking device .
te	O	We could hear the cougar growl all through the night .
te	C	With increasing depression , I turn the page to find the accents I have already seen , the truth behind the words lost now except to memory .
te	O	While Clint was out , the doctor explained the situation to his parents and the precautions they 'd have to take in the future .
te	C	Even that was polishing them one hundred and seventy dollars each , but they had decided it was a once-in-a-lifetime experience they should indulge in .
te	C	Paul could feel the tension this disruption caused him .
te	C	She mouthed an apology to everyone and vomited into the nearby mobile incident unit .
te	O	' They got different cabs ?
te	O	She purses her lips when I say .
te	C	At least the stars energy could be classified as adding to a persons ' life .
te	O	9 Ryan 's arrival on the hilltop was as placid as his entry had been enthusiastic .
te	C	More Swiss Guardsmen came rushing down the center of the slither toward the site of the destruction .
te	C	Awe and envy , aquamarine and sorrow .
te	O	What kind of woman had a fondness for doilies and hung a serial killer 's picture on her wall ?
te	C	She spooned the car keys into Gretchen 's outstretched hand .
te	C	Businessmen and women walked briskly down the dunes , bumping into each other and generally ignoring the world around them .
te	O	His silence and condescending expression says it all .
te	O	' Then you would grieve to learn that Boromir is dead ? ' '
te	O	As they ran , they gave war hoops and catcalls .
te	O	" You 're not that good , " she rebutted .
te	O	Glen adored the painting 's nudity .
te	C	The panic that struck at that thought didn 't topple to the way he felt about her in regular life .
te	O	While we 'd been combing an abandoned neighborhood in Dallas , we missed our chance at rescuing several members of our rebellion .
te	O	He couldn 't conceal it in the urine cup .
te	C	I made my way up the shoulder of the nearest of the two bluffs that flanked the gallop of the canyon .
te	C	All together , they worked to pry the brambles apart to free the maturity and the karate woman .
te	O	Maybe take the mallet , " replied Jonesy looking serious .
te	O	" But the hackers ... " Gera objected .
te	O	Unlocking the security chains he took the four automatic weapons and buried them underneath the toys in the fifth hamper .
te	O	My fingers were trembling from the altercation with Chloe .
te	C	The melodies of the birds singing on blossoming cherry trees rolled like a waves over the green meadows and gunshots .
te	C	Dreamer hesitated , then she followed her towards the evergreens .
te	C	They have a gym set up down there that will work well enough for a little cajoling , " Rick added .
te	O	Last chance at redemption : Where ... is ... the ... fucking GPS ? "
te	C	The use of his first name , so sweet on her lips , was his hangover .
te	O	It rose in the air , levitating just about the height of a man 's chest before firing .
te	C	His calmness was the one in trouble and contained only a weak population of potentially dying people .
te	O	She closed the tab .
te	C	The room opens up into arcade heaven , literally this is the name painted on a gel right above the doorway .
te	O	" Copy that , " Ryan said , cocking his rifle .
te	C	" It 's not like I even knew what parasites were before one tried to eat me . "
te	O	I looked up , already smiling , expecting to find the upholstery smoldering upon contact with Noah 's body .
te	O	He was facedown in bed , one arm extended above his head and the other hanging off the side of the mattress .
te	C	I started to hear snickers and giggling from the women and I also heard some splashing .
te	O	Byron 's explanation gave her a lot of information that Elves normally wouldn 't divulge to just anybody .
te	O	As the cool salt water sprinkled my face , all my memories rushed back to me .
te	C	" I 'm not here to ravage you , Liv .
te	C	" Royal Flush , all oracles . "
te	C	There was only a small amount of hair to dampen its perfection .
te	O	On it , was real live mistletoe wrapped in a fancy box .
te	C	She desperately needed human blood , and only when she was close to collapse did she allow herself to use it , and then only by calmness .
te	O	I eased onto the front seat he 'd vacated and told Alec , " Hi ! "
te	O	" Were they brigands ? "
te	C	It felt good , like being on a prescription painkiller , but at the same time horrible , like oozing from that same painkiller .
te	C	He 'd misted straight to the tab after leaving Principal Billings ' office .
te	O	But there was no reason for Logan Quinn to know that I was bluffing .
te	O	If any demon was upset by the loss , one could rationalize that the Lunar Goddess had purchased them , so therefore they were her responsibility .
te	C	Anyway they could not get a grip on it , or make a crack in it ; and they were bruising and taming themselves against it .
te	C	If he didn 't lower his gun and patrols the wound soon he would pass out .
te	O	Her favorite part of the trip was when he took her to his vineyard .
te	C	A circle of space opened up around me as the mass of generals pretended I didn 't exist .
te	O	" The rift is gone .
te	O	" There 's a very private , very secluded barn in Lookout Hill Park behind the carousel .
te	C	Colton held out little hope that they would be able to donate to their new world .
te	O	The air seemed cooler with a sense of dampness .
te	O	" The primary problem being we 'd have to fight the GP in court , even assuming the courts have jurisdiction over vampiric problems .
te	C	I worked with - " The woman faltered , paused , wilted . "
te	C	The Mothers gathered to trade their goods .
te	O	Women were portrayed as weak .
te	O	If there is , in fact , anything wrong with it , " she added in a way that he knew was meant to ruffle him .
te	O	In one case , she found the guilty party because of the stitching on the bedsheet that was wrapped around the victim 's body . "
te	C	I didn 't know their toothpaste but I didn 't need to .
te	O	The looks on the faces of our offspring was a mixture of defiance and apprehension .
te	C	Also , the beaches of the orchards , what yet survives .
te	C	She shared his false starts , his aborted hopes , his small successes and larger shrubs .
te	C	She kept unlocking the conversation with Luke , over and over in her head .
te	O	Their teeth reflected the torch light and were pointed like icicles .
te	O	She was really beginning to irritate me with all this talk about death .
te	O	You can join me when the Season ends . "
te	O	Laura asked , linking her arm with Sidra 's .
te	O	They 'd spent the morning going over blueprints for the Washington restaurant addition .
te	O	I shot him a glare , before gunning for the exit .
te	C	Her long dark hair was half up in a complicated series of sweethearts .
te	C	" This teapot really is a stupor , Sam .
te	O	His eyes only glittered a little in the starlight .
te	O	He was an NYPD snitch .
te	O	If you enjoyed it , I 'd be grateful if you take a moment to leave me a review at your favourite retailer .
te	O	Chris was quick to carry it out by its leg and threw it behind the shrub .
te	O	" Well , yes ... " To Sally 's surprise , the man slowly drew a large handgun from his coat pocket .
te	O	Those amorous women that you reject will respond to the rebuff by hating you with an equally unreasonable passion .
te	O	Kristoff 's stare was unflinching .
te	C	She had to keep them in boxes because of the dust that liquefied due to the lack of use .
te	O	But a tightening of the twin grips on her arms , as the girls felt her tensing , made her bite her tongue .
te	C	After so many years , she doubted any D.A. would beckon her .
te	C	She 'd never had contact with the regulation .
te	C	I couldn 't bring myself to unleash Cage 's stupid greeting .
te	C	Artwork hung on the walls above the couch , and downs , probably priceless ones , were displayed strategically around the room .
te	O	He even had an iPad but , on inspection , didn 't seem to use it much .
te	C	He let out a remake of laughter .
te	O	She 'd just finished a long and rough tour , but she still indulged people who wanted a picture .
te	C	Nowhere near it , " he said , marveling at her chin .
te	C	Plus muffins and frogs and croissants .
te	O	It came out like a stutter .
te	O	She was using witchcraft .
te	C	But the ocean is green and clear ... " He stood , lost in dreaming of his countenance .
te	O	Boys came later , when coffins were no longer being made .
te	C	Simon caught her before she fell , capturing her in his arms .
te	O	She was less than a mile from her father 's waterfront shack ; she could bolt right now if she wanted to .
te	C	The tendril of his shoulders .
te	C	I was so excited for the afore we were about to have .
te	C	It is a flesh fiend and feeds on the slumped woman .
te	O	The girl with the red hair , I assumed , belonged to one of the resumes on the bottom .
te	O	" Hey , Juli , " Val said , lifting his martini glass in a salute that upset his precarious balance .
te	O	" So I called in a favor down at the courthouse .
te	C	Not the virus itself , but the coils ? "
te	O	" Did you make ... biscuits and gravy ? "
te	C	Her sisters looked like they just walked right out of the Middle Ages in their flowing gowns and beaches .
te	C	" Probably not the best thing for a school allowance . "
te	C	Moving didn 't reappear , but I wasn 't complaining .
te	C	The one I 'd been able to opt out , maybe an hour or two 's walk through the woods .
te	C	We waved the sticks and took baby steps towards the clockwork .
te	C	He had to release her wrists so he could resent his hands on her h * ps and pin her down to the mattress .
te	C	Her eyes graze over slightly .
te	O	He followed the wide corridor , smiling at one shopkeeper who tried to entice him inside .
te	O	She so small that she barely reached his shoulder ; he tall and slim and dressed like a banker .
te	C	And you can borrow my red lipstick to really add some rumour to the night ! "
te	O	The high I 've been riding begins to dissipate , but at this point I 'm too spent to worry about it .
te	C	As they injected , the little girl had never paused at play .
te	C	It descends through my veins , echoing the mad whorl of colors outside the view screen .
te	C	And then he promoted Dan , forced a vow of silence that even now Dan could not break .
te	C	" Officials out ; action . "
te	C	I figured the thing inside was unlocking the feeling , too .
te	C	Shame roiled over his rugged features .
te	O	The manager swung around and signaled to the servers behind the counter , who were watching with wide eyes .
te	C	Ava didn 't think she had what the job required and hadn 't agreed with rasping her in the first place .
te	O	She was done with his disrespect of her authority .
te	O	She is in the middle of a battle with an arrow from a longbow heading directly toward her . "
te	C	She urged with her mind , wanting to feel him inside her , wanting his regulars , and the sensation of having him fill her .
te	C	" I 'm not a shambles , you know . "
te	C	The night was warm after the recent frost and Neil could hear a few doorways and other surviving insects chirping .
te	C	Their mission was to find Swinton , banish him and then dispose of him , but they had to stop him talking to Graham at all costs .
te	O	Even his choice of clothing was an act of misdirection .
te	O	' I 'm over Jase ; there no complication really , ' I say resolutely .
te	C	Now people come to me when they need discretion but don 't want to pay Academy prices . "
te	O	Yet , they would sometimes attack when there was plenty of food , killing a companion for his hunk of beef .
te	C	God alone knew what the girl was capable of achieving if given even a tiny injection of printing .
te	O	Rolling over , he settled beside me on the covers , and we both lay there , our fingers interlaced .
te	O	He felt sure he 'd heard the sentence wrong but it didn 't sound a whole lot better however he rearranged the words .
te	C	He handed Edward a full maturity .
te	O	He has put acid inside of me or drain cleaner or bleach .
te	O	He and I had been neighbors until last year when they moved up the hill to one of the mansions at the end of Orchard Road .
te	O	Maybe something to do with the last couple of lectures Prof Garvin gave on alternate realities .
te	O	Time and erosion have done their job .
te	C	While they waited , they closed what was left of the door , thus depriving inquisitive natures of a view of the scene inside .
te	O	Towering over me was the man dressed in all camouflage .
te	C	I thought this was supposed to be a gallon of a field , not a real one ? "
te	O	I flipped past the first three entries .
te	O	he said and handed it to her while she was unloading books into her locker .
te	C	We finally returned to our dorm room a little after seven which gave us a couple of hours to harden before the party .
te	C	Not much point to it now , he supposed , except to refuel the depositions given at the inquest .
te	O	I apologized for ... the accident , and he forgave me .
te	O	" Well , can 't you do a little selective editing ? "
te	O	Surprisingly , he was dressed in a white lab coat and spectacles .
te	O	This time it morphed into flamed gargoyle skeletons .
te	C	He heard a crunching sound coming from behind a specter of mulch .
te	C	His eyes flash feral and wild , alive with a masculine power that makes me want to be jailed .
te	C	He demonstrated his harness and faced her .
te	C	Asks Olivia , glancing around , surveying the crutch that was once out kitchen , nobody else says a thing .
te	C	She watched him spar the horse .
te	C	After she finished the cheese , she extended her fingers toward the fire , paddling in the intense heat that licked the tips .
te	O	" Okay , mon , " the driver drawled .
te	O	Luisa hit back with a left hook to Lea 's head , but Lea hit back with a left hook to Luisa 's liver .
te	C	He nods toward the service engineers , which are now visible from the reception , now that an entire wall has been removed and replaced with glass .
te	O	he phrased it as a command , but spoke it as a question .
te	C	" That 's the timber in town , Nadia .
te	O	Indian villages were filled with young widows .
te	C	I sometimes spent hours doing laundry , wafting over the washboard with lye soap , which irritated my skin .
te	O	Two short blasts of sound rose above the clattering of the train .
te	O	The blanket ripped , and the barbed tail struck out , lancing straight for Jake 's calf .
te	O	I was teaching at a university in Maine and I met a man on the faculty named John Diamond .
te	O	With great hesitancy , I step outside and bend down to carefully tear the tape of the box , noting how light it feels .
te	O	In the fireplace behind them , flames crackled and jumped , igniting the warmth on the walls .
te	C	I heard the humidity were a bit rough with you at the airport . "
te	C	Then he doubled over , making gagging sounds again .
te	C	" Fix it out , " he directed .
te	C	I must have bought hundreds of sweatpants over the years , but how many have I ever actually worn down to the stub ?
te	O	At the top , one more volley into the wall , then follow me . "
te	C	A metaphor for the family said that Arthur never liked pomp and ceremony and so didn 't expect it at his funeral . '
te	C	He 'd supported her when she 'd belted out of drama school .
te	O	" Isn 't that why you asked me to scoot over ? "
te	O	He then turned his back on them and walked to the convertible .
te	C	Now , help me cook this mess of lemons .
te	C	" But then again , you sort of chop my fantasies . "
te	C	" If I remember correctly , you 're not a woman who likes pretense and bullshit , so I 'm not designing any your way .
te	O	He unlatched my cuffed hands .
te	C	I examined the two halves of the labour .
te	C	The driver brought out silver combs and Gavin handled them gingerly while he snapped them on my wrists and ankles .
te	C	Pierce emerged from his dressing room similarly dressed , though his jacket was slightly more elaborate and with a different courier .
te	O	They had guessed it , strangely enough , considering I knew few people who knew less about being virgins themselves .
te	C	" This is the first time I 've lured here . "
te	C	" Upstairs , mending . "
te	C	Jane created a new euphemism for Plain Jane 's Good Clean Houses and printed them out .
te	C	" I 'm a total geek , " he says .
te	O	For as long as I 'd known Willow , she 'd aspired to be a doctor .
te	O	They often resent it . "
te	O	Suddenly it became a hindrance , a reminder of the little he 'd achieved rather than the insignificant number he wrote on various forms .
te	O	She wanted to be a good girl , but saw no examples of any good little girls to follow .
te	O	Then she rattled off a slew of sentences in that beautiful Parisian French dialect .
te	O	Then the lucidity starts .
te	O	Fifteen minutes later the little Lear rocketed down the runway and Joey the speed junkie was absorbing the rush of rapid acceleration .
te	O	He watched her for another long second , then shook his head and snapped the seals on the scroll .
te	O	The old man 's head hung , his skin sagging , his lips parted , but not in muttered syllables .
te	O	The elegance seemed juxtaposed with the fierce vampire who challenged almost every word she spoke .
te	O	Jenny sauntered out to the car and held up a short emerald green satin nightie .
te	O	Sara turned partially away from him before she answered , " I wanted to unpack .
te	C	Since college he 'd lived a life of short leases and rented furniture and learned not to sew too many things .
te	C	In several human helpers , there is a similar concept ; you would loosely call it heaven .
te	O	The instructions had come via a solicitor and we were selling the property on the instructions of the executors of the late Brian Winter .
te	O	" How 's dad been managing his diabetes ? "
te	O	I couldn 't rouse any of the priests from their mid-afternoon slumber , but I am inclined to believe you .
te	C	I can 't wait to see the inside of the reverend . "
te	O	I don 't care if my father was a deadbeat named Butternut .
te	C	Seth asked as he and Becky sat their relics atop a gentle rise .
te	C	You have tiny parachutes in your skin . "
te	C	" We 'll keep in touch , and one day we 'll advertise , but for now each of us has to go our separate ways .
te	O	Following Calvin onto the porch , Cate watched them stow the bags in the Tahoe , then climb into the front seats .
te	O	He rolled it under the barbed wire entanglements .
te	C	If it was Diego , why not steal the entire roster ?
te	O	" Came straight from an exposition game .
te	C	" It 's sad that so many people strive high prices with quality . "
te	O	Clyde swallowed and tried to fight back the deluge of confusing memories that suddenly made sense .
te	O	I slide the coordinates her way , and she studies the terrain , weather conditions , and the trajectory before giving a sharp nod .
te	O	He could see Missy having a hard time reining in Misty who probably wanted to gallop away .
te	O	I tried to push myself to feel at least some professional interest in the tour if not some normal inquisitiveness .
te	O	He leaned across the bar and pecked my lips .
te	C	" What 's our upbringing on this ? "
te	O	An observer in a story that was turning into a history with every passing day .
te	O	" I 'll write you a cheque . "
te	O	He was about to show her how to transport through the cosmos with her powers .
te	C	I hear her cover the mouthpiece and say something to someone there .
te	O	He coughed again and massaged his throat as the water moistened it , and then he started to speak once more .
te	C	He looked at her funny , then leaned through the window and sighted on her white boots .
te	C	Are you one of the foothills ? "
te	O	We are all here on a mission to save some of the victims of this terrible calamity .
te	C	Below the wizards ' hill a pit of slime had processed garbage since the dawn of time -- a fit material for frosting to represent depraved humanity .
te	O	" Believe me , young lady , " the lawyer said , " there are dozens of wonderful people who would love and adore your baby . "
te	O	She coughed once or twice , as if to clear her throat , and then strove to speak in a more normal tone .
te	C	Sinking deeper into the bots , I did my best to hide along the outskirts of the mass of people packed wall-to-wall .
te	O	The boy was covered in filth and bruises .
te	O	I dropped the box on the island and grabbed up the bag , slinging it over my shoulder , and turned back for the box .
te	O	The gunman who 'd laughed at her ran his grubby hands up and down her arms and legs and fondled her crotch and breasts .
te	O	I want to know that soot tastes terrible .
te	C	Mrs. Burmeister 's thin , youthful shape in a long , flowery brown and green mess came into view as they stepped to the poet .
te	C	I started screaming , my cries muffled by the duct tape and tried to get my hand out of the picker .
te	O	I 'll be out in a jiffy . "
te	C	The last thing the military would want to see foul their plans is a decrease that would create a counterproductive threat .
te	O	We are blood relations and my words mean something to her , even despite the influence the council has on her .
te	O	Woodpecker and his mate -- Lady Fairy Bluebird took on a trip two young chicks that visited them from Big Birds ' Town .
te	C	As she approached the imposing exterior walls and the great gateway , she again waited for the friendships to be out of sight .
te	O	Some other travellers had become trapped between them and the city , a small array of carts and wagons belonging to farmers and merchants .
te	O	The lurkers remained perfectly still .
te	C	" Fine , " she snapped , swerving back towards the hallway .
te	O	Rachel frowned at the iPod and put it back down on the coffee table .
te	O	I must 've managed to land on the edge of another soul 's afterlife .
te	C	It simply shot straight past her shoulders , revealing her ears , which were adorned by a pair of tiny silver platters .
te	C	He walked along the Greenwich High Road , occasionally stopping to squelch in shop windows .
te	C	Islamic Monotheism Even before the insistence of Muhammad , many Arabs already believed in a supreme , all-powerful God who was responsible for creation .
te	C	I thrum for a moment , unsure how to respond .
te	O	But it was dead , I was stillborn , dead before hatching .
te	C	The formula for applications to Piedmont are next week for the fall semester , " she said and I shot her a look .
te	O	He snarled against my chin , one hand slipping between my legs to find my clit , sending a new chord of ecstasy thrumming through me .
te	C	She was still walking with a limp , but it improved as her calmness returned in small measures .
te	C	she said , swinging her gaze back to the man who 'd used his power to free her from them in the villager .
te	O	Leon retrieved his ney , Alma her lyre , Heart of the People his talking drum .
te	C	I held back a baffled head shake , as I knew that would certainly construct a dirty look , and we continued on our way .
te	O	It was even weirder living in a rambling mansion in the middle of nowhere .
te	C	I smell of crows , how come ? "
te	C	It strikes me as something of a role reversal : me engaging " good enough " while he strives for flawless .
te	O	" Sí , and do not waiver or doubt .
te	O	He stood by the van , with his wrists handcuffed in front of him , and looked around .
te	O	The fire flared so high that it breached the grate and licked up the wall , but still he didn 't speak .
te	C	I loved the smell of the ocean as well as the coconut and gasoline smells of lotions and oils .
te	O	We were scavenging through the aisles , finding nothing of use .
te	C	I 'd just found the command to program the cell-phone timer when the earpiece crackled again .
te	O	Martie had often promised Sally that she would catch up with Sally 's flight ratings , but she never could .
te	O	I was with five other graduates who had studied the same subjects as I did at university , mostly aviation and space electronics .
te	C	The cleric actually smiled .
te	O	I finished one toilet block and moved to the juniors ' section , nodding my head in greeting to the cleaner who was sweeping the hallway .
te	C	We 'd teach him to master his spurs . "
te	C	We 're friends ... " He felt a sudden blush come to his cheeks , and suspected that there was more to it than broomstick .
te	O	He felt the projected illusion mesh with the probe 's electronic functions .
te	C	One of my empress says , " Follow me . "
te	C	During your programming session ? "
te	C	Without another word , I hopped toward the crack , hiring her ahead with both wings .
te	C	" Now come along darling , supper 's ready and I 'll need a hand propping up . "
te	O	The male tender , cloaked in the guise of Faustus Valerius , smiled .
te	C	The three Whites sat in vinyl chairs at a low table .
te	O	" Mitchell , I don 't remember the first name , it was for the removal of a tumour . "
te	O	" We 'll cuddle close together , " she told him , nuzzling his neck .
te	O	" Just trying to clarify here . "
te	C	He was just a tad larger , though Will still ostracized him and Charles .
te	C	The mic was screeching inside my arm by the time we slammed down .
te	C	" That 's all you intend to do , " Tris says , finally looking away from the chlorine .
te	C	" I 'm not sure , " Jason replied , sniffing one of the conspirators .
te	O	At that , I glanced at the urn on her mantelpiece .
te	C	The opening credits of " An American folklore in London " hit the screen .
te	O	In fact , he had peppered the whole discussion with a lot of loving touches and glances for Tessa .
te	O	" I 'm a challenge , or a novelty since I 'm nothing like the women you usually dat - " She paused .
te	O	It learned reaction only after its vines twined with domestic kelp .
te	C	A hardened , brutal criminal is murdered , not with a gun or knife , but with chemicals . "
te	C	The interrogator grasped the demon from behind with one hand and hurled it away from the shed .
te	C	" Are you going to fund the project by growing contingent up in space ? "
te	O	" Do you remember when Andrew got pneumonia ? "
te	C	My ma has always been tiny , but Ben doesn 't grumble or complain every time I ask to go .
te	C	We 'll land in the slums , near the cascade .
te	C	As the pressure decrease other grains were opened and fresh Terran air rushed in .
te	C	" But there are different styles , aren 't there ? "
te	O	You can proclaim and make policy all you want . "
te	C	He had said that first day in the garden that painting was like heartbreak .
te	O	I was going to make it my mission to avenge Noah 's death , and nothing was going to get in my way .
te	O	Renzo came as bid , but tried to explain over the engine and rotor noise that he didn 't know what to do .
te	C	' Thanks for nothing you useless old crone . '
te	O	When she was directly behind him , she reached into her reticule and felt the gun .
te	C	She let out one last sigh and then she died , almost expecting Steven to take her to the auditorium .
te	O	Sometimes a man 's just got ta get his nut and go back to killing creepers .
te	C	We were introduced to guest lecturers and Jill Hannah , the physician who would attend to any medical issues that might entail .
te	O	The living energy it provides is what keeps your immortal body functioning properly .
te	O	" Fair enough , " he clipped out , annoyed that he 'd made his anger obvious to her , determined to clamp down on it .
te	C	Rif took a taste and then spat out a pint of Cook 's hair .
te	C	" The Congo 's no place for speeches , anyway . "
te	O	Our mission is to find the leader and slay him so that we can end this battle . "
te	C	Clary was wafting down a steep slope , trying to reach the lake , though she was not sure why .
te	O	" Although Eve presumed a great deal about my willingness to help , I decided to speak with Ada . "
te	O	" If you 've researched about me , you must have found that I have solved many cases before others could . "
te	C	There has never been lingerie at Shady Rest , though I 'm sure some day there will be .
te	O	Betty bent over the canister still situated in the middle of the wall between where the full ones slid through and where the empty ones remained .
te	O	He 'd have to go in the front by diverting the fire from the door .
te	C	Several threw their hands up as if for protection , grinning like carcasses as they did so .
te	O	" Stop fighting me or I 'll break your little neck , filthy cur .
te	C	The show progressed and before he realised it they were already an hour into her bonnet of songs .
te	C	" Just move out of the way , old hermit . "
te	C	But , she reminded herself , it hadn 't taken her long to oppose the older man 's defenses and get him to really talk to her .
te	O	I watched his chest rise and fall rhythmically as I listened to his quiet snores .
te	C	He turned to face another one and brought the launcher down into the head of his enemy .
te	C	" I 'm thirsty , also , " the next pretty young girl frowns then stirs from her spot .
te	C	Her long blonde hair fell in tight clumps around her face and she had perfect features , right down to her button nose .
te	C	" Oh no ... " She heard a snorting noise , then felt something heavy slump against her leg and thud to the floor .
te	O	He tried hard to pay attention to the famous lecturer ; he truly tried .
te	O	Agatha Beaumont , who had all her servants cringing in fear , was but a frail old lady with wispy white hair .
te	O	" Our guy will have scabs on his wrists and hands if it wasn 't too long ago .
te	C	He struggled over the decorum , but didn 't let it stop him .
te	O	But a girl had to have her principles , and slavery didn 't fit into her moral code .
te	O	A powerless witch was a liability .
te	C	The sandstone walls and beachy decorations gave the café a tacky , but comfortable feel .
te	O	" I 've heard that Jehovah 's Witnesses can 't get a blood transfusion or donate blood , " he said .
te	C	This had to be monitored carefully .
te	O	He flew across the sky with silent stealth , pulled in the same direction on every awakening .
te	C	They all became quiet for a while , each deep in their own thoughts , until eventually the superiority faded from view behind them .
te	C	" Well - " " Let me guess , " he admits .
te	C	Nothing I 'd washed needed organizing , so I was able to get everything put away in a few minutes .
te	C	" New candidates , " she informed him .
te	O	A few more inches and she would have been skewered .
te	C	With that , he kissed her hand and departed with a shutter of his cape .
te	C	He felt its upkeep , though dim , and was somewhat heartened knowing that the Great Tree was yet clinging to life .
te	O	They had timed their presentation perfectly .
te	C	They presented themselves as the oppressed , the misunderstood , and called for allegiance .
te	C	I dump in a powder that we made from yet another interpreter .
te	O	Carefully she extricated herself from Kellan 's side and eased her way to the edge of the bed .
te	O	The rock debris had not gone deep into my skin , but it left me with a face full of small scabs .
te	O	" I don 't know , " Logan stuffs his hands in his pockets .
te	C	Evidently , some doses of bugs wore their bones on the outside of their bodies rather than the inside .
te	C	Navi inquires , her mocking words drowned out by the beating of hooves until now .
te	O	There was the large oak bedstead in the center of the room that they had shared , the velvet bedclothes still looking luxurious despite their age .
te	O	I had extra energy and openness to the world that was totally unique for me .
te	O	Worse than when I got sick from the mutation or when onyx was sprayed in my face .
te	O	None of her other assistants would 've waited for permission .
te	C	Nothing like a cotton wad full of coleslaw to kill the heaviness .
te	C	She cocked her head to one side , wondering if she had exerted the green leaves .
te	O	Fear you can confront while the not knowing will hold you prisoner and render you helpless .
te	C	' Thanks , ' Paul said , eying them and smiling his gratitude .
te	O	The lizard fluffed up his scales excitedly .
te	C	He quickly tipped his dilapidated hat in thanks and disappeared into the adoring crowd .
te	C	My morale went on for half a year or more . '
te	C	Where people were ... coached . "
te	C	He had a mass of white stringy hair and thick glasses that communicated his eyes to the size of grapefruits .
te	O	It was easy enough to slide them aside and slip quietly into the roof cavity .
te	C	Even a matter like the arrival of his runaway niece and the need to pay off her kidnappers would never be allowed to dine on his rest .
te	O	Help yourself to lasers . "
te	O	She moved through the thick wooden doorway , humming along to the waltz that flowed out of the concert hall .
te	O	" Are these walls soundproof ? "
te	O	We knew there might be consequences from spelling you .
te	O	Minos poured forth such a bellowing stream of invective that it could be heard far from the incident room in both the kitchen and the games room .
te	C	I cured all the dryness I could muster into my tone .
te	O	There 'd been a partial eclipse of the moon during winter solstice that year .
te	C	" Thanks , " I said , feeling like a gallop .
te	O	That was the thing about these feasts : the flesh was so fresh .
te	O	The bastard had tracked Olivia to the mainland .
te	O	Soon she would be more comfortable and posting on the English saddle , they soon got the hang of it .
te	O	Along shore the forest was blacker than ebony , blacker than the velvet heart of the deepest mystery a dying man 's soul could encompass .
te	C	She had accepted his proposal without giving it the thought she would have applied to an insect problem ; she had to live with the consequences .
te	C	New Carrington was protected by a massive stone wall , stretching the entire symphony of the city and manned with Archers at all hours .
te	C	Randy knelt down next to Molly and said , " This is Elizabeth ; she 's a friend of your lunches . "
te	C	The courier was her niece , a child of her pride .
te	C	He spoke English with a Dutch accent so John assumed he belched from a Dutch colony .
te	C	He needed to work on his baton for Sunday .
te	C	Finally they came to rest on the jolting and just recently recovered creature at his feet , Wink .
te	C	" Decided to make a cyclone of the old man after all ? "
te	O	He stroked her cheek and then sat back on his haunches .
te	C	" All present company is compounded of course because you are already taken . "
te	C	" What is it with my daughter and getting vampires so caught up in her principles ? "
te	O	Starkweather watched from the darkness of a copse of trees as the front door opened and out came a man .
te	O	Within half an hour , the drizzle turned into an all-out heavy downpour , which slowed our progress considerably .
te	O	I hadn 't heard her name until yesterday , when I got close enough to overhear it .
te	C	Sometimes I think I could use the splits of the Greeks and the aid of their oracles .
te	C	Then other creatures did the same , darting out from behind at least a dozen other trees that lined the crease between the field and the forest .
te	C	Pondering , he self-consciously fingered his efficiency of San Francisco .
te	O	The Pomeranian quickly gobbled up all the biscuits around the door , then ventured into the library and lapped up those treats too .
te	O	He displayed his unease with the topic by pulling at the elegant knot of his cravat .
te	C	It was near impossibility before they moved off towards the secret door .
te	O	It never materialised though .
te	C	He read the decay : " Tulsa 's Manuel Garcia -- Soccer 's Next Phenom ? "
te	C	Something between us besides tension so thick I could scoop it onto an ice - cream sundae .
te	C	" I didn 't see it the other night when you almost murdered that poor family of fashions . "
te	O	" He 's em 'n ince , do 'n wan ' slime like you bein ' able t ' touch ' im .
te	O	Niches in the front wall surrounding the door held decorative urns , no doubt filled with ashes .
te	C	As my whole body went limp with lumber , he dropped my hips and settled in between my legs .
te	C	Then she said in my ear , " Bye , nay !
te	C	It was rocky here , with gaps in the forest floor that led down who knows how far into chasms and moodiness .
te	C	It doesn 't matter how grave the sins might be ; if the drinker truly repents , he or she will be forgiven , " Chris explained .
te	C	He would have checked on the sheep , before and after his wood chandelier , and the afternoon was his .
te	C	I didn 't see how I could pick up a fry without getting covered in messy eater .
te	O	The administrator seemed shocked that the amount was that high .
te	C	Aside from the occasional lurch as Elena hit a pocket of torchlight , the ride was smooth .
te	C	" Then I 'll buy it , and hang it in the chandelier .
te	C	Essences are usually trained by their categories for many years .
te	C	Chet pulled out the table and sat awkwardly down in the chair reviewing his left side .
te	O	Decent jobs one day reserved for whites were now being handed to men of color .
te	C	He has to know that those are no ordinary courtesies .
te	C	She slammed the tube of lager down on her nightstand and then turned to face him .
te	O	She was blocking my route , so I started rounding the love seat .
te	C	' Twill do nicely , don 't y ' know , ' he noted , angling his makeshift club .
te	C	I would have felt bad for Mutt 's pouting if I hadn 't seen Sean 's smile then .
te	C	They all needed to eat , and that meant they would all unravel in that kitchen and give it life .
te	C	I didn 't have a plan , but if I was going to regenerate the fall en angel , I 'd need a weapon .
te	O	" No recent exposures to heavy metals or toxins ? "
te	O	I swallowed repeatedly , sure I was going to be sick , the crushing realization that I had misunderstood him overwhelming .
te	C	" But it cost a fortune to get a guarded relevance to bring it from Memphis .
te	C	And then he was there , sitting beside her , firing every artery in her body with his presence .
te	O	How did you end up in the moat ? "
te	C	He took the length of the room in a single fluid leap , positioning of later explanations .
te	O	I felt pleasure differently now - softer , more diffuse and yet all - encompassing - but it was no less for having changed .
te	O	They were facing a great divide in the land .
te	C	" You didn 't think he was a bit too smartly dressed for a receipt ? "
te	O	" Just about , " Mrs. Terrell replied cheerfully , tying off a stitch .
te	O	Further on , past the mansion and the yacht anchorage , he found the Emmy in the night dimness .
te	C	He recalled his father 's assurance that his size would not be an obstacle but an advantage to be dazzled .
te	O	She had no doubt the other archangels would kill him .
te	C	When I butchered one , I found that it lacked several important structures .
te	O	' One time I punched some stupid pervert of a guard in the head .
te	O	I almost wish he still detested me just as furiously as he had .
te	O	Dinner was finished all too soon , and Jack picked up the tab .
te	C	What had demonstrated this outburst ?
te	C	They all agreed that further surgery would soon be required , but that meant again approaching the hospital gurney with a request to fund the operation themselves .
te	C	But maybe she could remedy for it .
te	O	A terrible one that was both awesome and awful , regardless of the definitions you use .
te	C	Then she fretted over and kissed me .
te	O	He let fly two more sturdy arrows , sending the beast toppling over .
te	C	Good news I hope , " Black Sam said as he turned his attention to the blister .
te	C	The geologist 's eyes grew round .
te	C	" Hair is my eyeliner , you know ? "
te	C	I couldn 't help worrying just a little that this sudden consternation might cloud their judgment about boys and whatever went on at those parties .
te	O	Starr told Charles to get the boat back home , and we did a gentle correction as he aimed for the North Pass entrance to the Mississippi .
te	O	The Riders had returned to their silent ominous vigil .
te	O	Tristram joined them and pointed at the image of a grassy hill that was crowned with a knot of tall trees .
te	C	They were in the final stages of the highways now , and Jeremy took it upon himself to begin cleaning .
te	C	" It was my knickers , he passed away three weeks ago . "
te	O	I could smell the gun powder before I had even arrived , everyone was in human form so I phased .
te	C	I don 't know anything about dog urine .
te	C	She stammered , " You 're purity is pregnant ? "
te	O	He was old enough to more vividly recall the burnings and executions ten years ago .
te	C	It 's a sensor !
te	O	That 's the other highlight . "
te	C	The image warmed him as he joined the simulations , who were moving through a second door .
te	C	" Wow , " she exhibits .
te	O	Hot , wet darkness all engulfing her .
te	C	The sailboat now was that I wouldn 't be able to question her until tomorrow night , when the stun wore off .
te	O	My nose and throat are burning from swallowing the chlorine water .
te	C	The tv on the hilt had been torn off by a zombie the night we 'd first fought together .
te	C	It did not answer him back and its turbulence did not move .
te	C	He caught a sorcerer .
te	O	She paused and stared at him , fear obliterating the desolation in her eyes .
te	C	Few things were more rewarding than overhearing a criminal .
te	C	Plus , I 'm grounded and not really framing the whole rules of being grounded .
te	O	He was doomed from the moment he took the reigns from your grandfather . "
te	C	I forked spade into my mouth with stubborn defiance , wondering what she wanted from me .
te	C	The French chefs in northern Tunisia , at the capital city and main port of Tunis , were bombarded with conflicting orders .
te	C	Those quick measurements from the inside made her heart jump and race .
te	C	All eight apartments , of course , have the same layout , with the east apartments renting the west .
te	O	" She always volunteered to comb the forest for refugees .
te	C	This is as close to fun as I 'll get until after my kidneys . "
te	O	They heard him bounding down the steps .
te	O	We said our good-byes , and then , just as I was walking through the door , Al Schwartz asked me one more question .
te	C	he asked , passing me his pages of the newspaper as he pul ed his handkerchief out of his pocket to prickle at the stain .
te	O	" Both deliverables are near completion , and I have an addition to sweeten the pot . "
te	O	It was a slow drip , not really a drip , more like a plop , plop , plop , but slow , so agonizingly slow .
te	O	Sitting up a little to look at it , I saw that it was a length of rope dyed in a deep , luxuriant purple .
te	O	You said last night that you had to be in the right mind-set to sing .
te	C	The quantities of the corn were our only immediate answer for protection .
te	C	Carefully , not wanting to further damage the highs , I turned around and headed out of the goods yard .
te	O	Those people who hope to repent in time might not have enough of it .
te	O	I reached my hand up to the fading yellow on my cheekbone .
te	C	After tonight 's calmness , she wasn 't certain she 'd ever fall asleep again .
te	C	We 're going to put it in the oven , and it will finish cooking and soak up the sauce to make creamy slopes . "
te	O	The blackmailer must have had prior knowledge of the fortune that was to be his .
te	C	" Yes , I just keep asking myself ... all those tentacles ... like a boardroom or something ... David , what were they hooked to ?
te	C	Gage thrived on the neighbour ; he never took it too seriously .
te	O	We fought off the few who had the stamina to attack us , subduing others with mere ferocious looks or vociferous condemnations .
te	O	I lift the teacup to my mouth and sip the hot liquid .
te	O	I said , fleeing to the far end of our enclosure .
te	C	He even sent you away to protect you from her in-laws , who were demanding more money and requiring him .
te	C	" A powerful woman never removes her secrets . "
te	O	It is upon Anthony and the angel , swiping at her wings and grasping at him .
te	C	This room lacked complexity , eaters , passion ... It lacked everything that Vlad was .
te	O	But the words evade me .
te	C	" Isn 't the marshmallow kind of young ? "
te	O	The tribesmen were nowhere in sight .
te	C	Even now , as she favored them , her heart ached to see them shining again .
te	O	The sun hung like a still pendulum in the indigo sky .
te	C	Come see me after breakfast , and we 'll find out if the principal thinks this warrants termination . "
te	C	Our clientele is that they will seek to maintain their monopoly of energy resources that they will enjoy once supplies from the Middle East have decreased .
te	O	Her fingers rifled through her mane of red hair , leaving it in disarray .
te	C	He made it a recess , as if everybody obeyed him .
te	C	The authorities may spring for an astronaut but they won 't find anything more .
te	O	She then raised her arms high and spoke a string of blessings for the child whose life had just begun .
te	O	" Don 't fret , Captain .
te	O	The administrator knew the meteorite existed .
te	O	The three of them were caught together like survivors of a shipwreck .
te	C	He totally just hit someone without bloodshed .
te	C	" She was a great beauty who had lovers on 6 victories , vowing to never be a bride , to never retire .
te	C	the cabbie asked with a very curious stare .
te	O	The message of the resurrection is that death is not the end .
te	O	" There are similarities , " Ryder answered tersely , " But I 'm not a werewolf ! "
te	C	Nikki sighed , tried to tamper with the remaining customers , but eventually found herself alone at the bar , nursing her one free drink .
te	C	She squeezes my legs again in answer , and I snuggle for a moment at the sight of her small hand just above my knee .
te	C	One of my more brilliant facets .
te	O	She unhooked it slowly , nervously hoping it wasn 't Dissident calling her or sending her a message .
te	C	He said goodbye , and graced the phone .
te	C	" You should publish your energy and stop talking . "
te	O	" I will not be hauled around like a bushel of turnips to market . "
te	O	His decision would brand them as traitors , deserters , but it was the only way to save their lives .
te	C	He briefly considered resisting , then thought his state of etiquette might give him an advantage .
te	C	" Mother , you must admit the best physicists come from France , " Susan said , attempting to mediate .
te	C	The way she said it Vann expected her to sew him uniform duty for a month for it .
te	O	In fact , he came even closer , his eyes skimming over her features one by one .
te	O	With all the spotlights in her eyes , even Julie couldn 't seem to see me close to the stage .
te	C	Managing to cut him off , I placed my hands against his chest and looked up at him with magnifying eyes .
te	O	Do they have replicas ? "
te	O	The Owens always like to put on a show , for any reason they can think of ; birthdays , holidays , graduations .
te	C	She did tell them , however , that they had recently trapped and vacated a couple of harmless bobcats .
te	O	After Bates ' speech , all seven of the graduates of The Program walked across the stage to get their certifications .
te	C	She hoped she could put a smile upon their faces , now that her dark thoughts had been carted away .
te	O	I return the gesture and look around me to a table that has been set to the nines .
te	O	Coming to her senses Becky , as though addressing someone of an elevated social strata far above her own humble origins , said : " Miss Andrews ?
te	C	The archer 's mouth twisted in distaste , and he nodded .
te	C	If anything , he looked positively delighted by his new neighbour .
te	C	Watching young Christina so in love and alive with joy and curiosity made her readiness for things she couldn 't have .
te	C	When I looked over to her , Kira 's blue eyes were brimming with tears , and I realized I 'd missed the printing out of her .
te	C	Some of the directors laughed good-naturedly at his demure manner .
te	C	" Call a coworker for me . "
te	C	What had begun as an awkward greeting changed over the course of shopping , lunch , and repulsion .
te	O	A loud hiss , and I turned to see the great blue whale surface again , spouting spray from its blowhole .
te	C	She held the tail , still clasping it with the reeds , up to the candlelight .
te	O	Winds of change , winds of creativity .
te	O	And usually , a beast went for its host first , chomping and chewing until vampire organs were mush inside the supposedly indestructible skin .
te	C	Nina lingered on the gasoline for a second trying to think up something to say , but there was nothing .
te	C	Fleeing from danger and fighting it when the chance had overreacted , we had formed a fast bond , the three of us .
te	O	" That rift is long gone . "
te	O	He smiled down at her , still in wonder but with some calculation going on in the back of his mind .
te	C	There are no chandeliers , no obligations to the past , and very little chance of stagnation . "
te	C	" I 'm sure your airfield would be an inspiration to 911 operators everywhere , " Gwen said .
te	C	" Your father was so stern looking , as if he could not be troubled with the purchasing and fun around him .
te	C	" Really there are massively disturbing exchanges going through my head right now . "
te	C	" I saw you at the assembly , but you didn 't have eyes for anyone but that black-haired beauty you were converging .
te	C	" Well , I have some wigs from college in the box I emptied for pep .
te	C	It was confessing to be alone after having so many eyes trained on me outside .
te	O	Bonnie kept blowing on Alaric from different directions , herding him to the single window in the building that wasn 't shattered .
te	C	While this seemed to stem the problem , most of the Swords knew there was contraband being purchased , otherwise the journals wouldn 't stick around .
te	C	It 's the ones in red who are always the observer of good men . "
te	C	Indeed , the apprentice could already hear the latch being doused from the cellar , and then the deadbolt being removed , and the latch tried again .
te	O	There are hundreds of orphans in Sarajevo like him .
te	C	Edith hands Arnold his tea cup and integrity .
te	O	Alaina chewed her lip , wracking her brain for how to dig herself out of this dilemma .
te	C	Jeans , blouse , pumps : pretty much what she 'd worn the last time they 'd been together , but rotted .
te	C	It was an observer of Hell , Canto 19 from Dante 's Divine Comedy .
te	O	The lead singer continued belting out the lyrics .
te	C	She peeled and deveined jumbo cupcake while humming an upbeat tune .
te	O	He said something to his Rangers that seemed to startle them Neil thought .
te	C	I turn my computer chair towards the door before she even has a chance to barge in on me pumpkin .
te	C	The entire time they moved at only a slow tempo , for they didn 't want the refugees to think they were charging against them .
te	O	" I 'll try not to , Princess , " he answered , reverting to what he 'd called her when she was just a young girl .
te	O	We were thrilled , riding the high of our symbolic entry into adulthood .
te	C	Tina was one of those scrupulously well dressed people who never had a mil out of place .
te	C	" Besides , I was thinking that if we can 't use the culprit , maybe she could give it to Rick . "
te	C	The anesthetic the doctor had provided when he cropped up the wound was wearing off , Jonas realized .
te	O	Then she 'd leave for the bridal luncheon , which I was missing to head a last-minute meeting with Mr. Camden .
te	C	He stepped away from her , cooing softly .
te	C	I relaxed , even to ogling my decision to let her live with Buck .
te	C	We 've passed through the tonic , at least .
te	C	' I 'm sure you would like a change from those birds the formalities seem to enjoy so much . '
te	O	Will 's gaze swept over the younger guy , sizing him up .
te	C	" One more thing , " the scout scowls , obviously unsure if he should reveal the final piece of information .
te	O	' Yes , of course , Roger darling , ' said Marilyn , getting up and readying herself to go .
te	O	Then he quickly pulled off both socks , which weren 't any sexier than the loafers had been .
te	C	If he were guarding Doc , he 'd make the same constellations .
te	O	Perhaps Joseph senses this divide as he brings the main course .
te	C	It looks so ludicrous , gurgling onto his cheek leaving its thread of blood behind , that I have to laugh .
te	C	Vimes , with the image of the peace club of the trolls downstairs still in his mind , wouldn " t stop himself .
te	C	or more waitin ' off of them really .
te	C	His hand reached over her shoulder for the robe and she modeled it , knowing that garment would always be a particular favorite no matter what happened .
te	O	We just get to act on behalf of our Masters ! "
te	C	I snapped to attention , embarrassed to be caught ogling .
te	C	I had her also to arrange to construct for me other equipment .
te	O	For me , I did not socialize much so I ignored all the gossip .
te	O	They now lie , along with their crews , at the bottom of the oceans .
te	O	she asked , resting her head against the leather upholstery of the seat , closing her eyes so she could breathe a bit easier .
te	C	They were silent for a while , the only sound the fastening of the ice against glass as Mark swirled the dark amber liquid .
te	O	To his credit , he didn 't balk .
te	C	He took one look at the form that enclosed me and immediately began to banish me .
te	C	The jig was still in full force as we made our way through .
te	O	" Well , Emelia , that 's the first payment in your apprenticeship .
te	O	I 'm hallucinating , thought Rosie with a wild certainty .
te	O	He placed high taxes on them , and if they did not pay , the females of the families would be tortured , enslaved or executed .
te	O	I reluctantly picked up a piece and opened myself to impressions .
te	O	" I think it varies .
te	O	Their dilemma was one that all immortal children faced no matter which gothic sect they came from .
te	O	She looks relieved as she straightens .
te	C	" Wel ... " Rhona let out a little sigh , colliding with the cloth holding her food .
te	O	Too many other distractions are flying around in my head .
te	C	" Was he rambling with you ? "
te	O	But my friends might go after other stamps .
te	C	We need to get back before they realize we took a little kitty .
te	C	Krauss and the two make it up the lapels of Citadel Hill , the preacher breathing heavily and looking on the edge of collapse .
te	C	It had the sentiment of when William would come over for dinner to talk business and gypsy , just before his demand to marry Anna .
te	C	He pushed thoughts of the sickness aside and focused on his surroundings , though he did note the location of the nearest drive-through .
te	O	She hadn 't expected the guy to run to her , wrap her in his arms , and immediately swear his undying love .
te	O	Well , thought Mary , we can 't choose the moment and manner of our crowding .
te	O	Hazel piped up with prompt predictability .
te	O	I pretend not to notice the dig , but it still stings .
te	C	" And John , at my knapsack , you have been appointed chairman .
te	O	Three additional films were given to the followers of the Force , and lo !
te	C	He smelt the smell of ... he didn 't know what ; many comforts he guessed .
te	O	" Bitch be cray cray , " Murphy summed it up , as only Murphy could .
te	O	Blaster fire echoed the length of the hallway , striking the furniture and portraits lining the passage .
te	O	Jack was enrolled to start first grade in September and Amanda would go half days to a pre-school .
te	C	It still doesn 't seem real , but the hell that has enveloped my street surrounds me to argue with it .
te	C	Michael noticed a teenage girl with black hair and bright red buster at the register , smacking her gum like she hoped to pulverize it to nothing .
te	O	If the scum betrays me , he is seaweed and kelp .
te	O	Han , who had still been climbing down the scaffolding stood next to me and yelled , " Yeah , go Billy ! "
te	O	He realized as his eyes scanned each nameplate that he had never imagined this moment .
te	C	This , after all was a world where elevators appeared beneath your feet and entire moons of cities could be created .
te	C	He had been promoted for the job ... and doubtless all the other crew members , too .
te	C	He led her through the door and across the mailbox to the south wall of the pool .
te	C	Mia 's expedition on the word baby makes her sound like one herself .
te	C	" I can 't imagine you 're really considering cutting your hair as you just mentioned , since your husband has already loathed it . "
te	C	My whole body reacts .
te	C	Of course you questioned the responsibility we bypass . "
te	C	And we then turn to our Brothers and tantrums and ask with astonishment , " Was the world really so ?
te	C	" There was a referee -- Prohibition Era -- a guy robbed a bank , and while he was trying to get away he himself was robbed .
te	C	" I 'm the bad guy and you two are what loosely translate the term good guys .
te	O	A soft , exquisite layer of snow , as far as the eye could see , rolled out before him , unbroken by trees or shrubs .
te	O	His Noise is puzzled for a second , then I get a little pulse of sadness so I look at him .
te	O	If blacktop had ever covered the long stretch , no remnants remained now .
te	C	" Work on those sheds some more , " he ordered .
te	O	Arms crossed over her chest , she circled him in a slow perusal .
te	O	After several minutes of futility , the chairman finally gives up and roars the over the speaker system , " All stand for the national anthem ! "
te	O	" Well , let 's go visit your pa and get warrants for a posse on these chaps .
te	C	His expression was awestruck , but Azalea 's wasn 't .
te	C	" Well , it 's hardly robbing , " Jeff said .
te	O	I wrote down everything I remembered , and all of it has been applied here in the biosphere . "
te	C	Blue put his openness between us and emitted a deep warble .
te	O	There were still tens of thousands of people living below in the darkness , but it seemed almost everyone was clambering to escape .
te	O	Behind them a sulphurous black cloud swirls out of the harbour , painting the air pitch black .
te	C	However , her background in studying the motivations behind men and women who committed offenses against others made her a qualified expert in recognizing potential harmful behavior .
te	C	I loathed putting my body between the two fighting angels .
te	C	There 's no love lost if you slaughter the Jedi in scrubs .
te	C	Trembling , I strive toward Anthony .
te	O	The Virginia skyline had an array of blues , oranges , violets , and a solitary streak of deep purple in it .
te	O	Nicolae was infinitely tender , murmuring to her as he gathered her even closer so that his body was imprinted on her softer one .
te	C	" But I thought you wanted to unravel and control Evil ? "
te	C	She asked as casually , not taking offense , " Are you busting me ? "
te	O	In order to open negotiations , you must make yourself vulnerable .
te	O	It was elaborately furnished throughout , and had arched windows of impressive proportions , which displayed the entire front lawns of the house .
te	C	This jump is intended to douse the discovery of your abilities . "
te	O	" All right , we won 't have a lot of leeway .
te	C	The only people I was allowed to dine with were Olga and Kiev , although I could hardly call him a person .
te	C	I 'm thinking of Damien 's promise to punish me , and I nip to be home .
te	O	" If we just them thaw on their own , they would drown or die , " Rei said .
te	O	And if she didn 't , he 'd just have to find the infuriating witch on his own .
te	O	Nate let go of the Protector and backed away from the pedestal .
te	C	People being found slaughtered in loops , the wounds corrupt and black .
te	C	Moments later , he heard the first of the men banging on the doors to the inns within the buildings .
te	O	" Looks like my parents found a new tenant . "
te	O	She digested this for a moment .
te	C	The dreams she had ripped apart her bookmark .
te	O	" Nearly seven thousand years ago , it was founded , " Yoda said .
te	C	Eight years of occupying my balls and this is what I get ?
te	C	Then , I 'm entranced with thoughts of Asher nak * d and in the bathtub .
te	O	I thought we shared so much , both of us outsiders , with no one who loved us most or put us first .
te	O	Sheldon noted Kelly 's puzzled expression , reminding himself she hadn 't lived on the horse farm long enough to become familiar with equine terminology .
te	C	He was glad that I was ok but I knew he would debut his father when no one was around .
te	O	You were chosen for this program because you have demonstrated potential , bravery , and the right temperament .
te	C	" From what I hear , you have been getting along well with your tummy ? "
te	C	He put his hands behind his head and meandered back slightly , returning to his normal , cocky and confident self .
te	C	While the Americana wasn 't a stub of hot chicks like a college party , there usually were plenty of women here .
te	C	In fact , his junior high guidance counselor had once spurned him Most Likely to Get the Death Penalty .
te	C	Summer had spent the last week paddling her for trying to put distance between them .
te	O	Trading bullshit for bedroom time was a superpower to the man , but Sadie had seen through it like fishnet stockings .
te	O	" Set it up , and well drive down to Portland to see her .
te	C	" This isn 't a seam , " Abbie said .
te	C	They 'll be in my furnishings still . "
te	C	I snuggle with the bear 's good ear as Callie pushes her way through the crowd , practically using the bear as a shield .
te	O	When he finally spoke , pain wracked his voice and broke her from her silent thoughts .
te	C	Karen moves her head to the side and smiles at me , then examines my hair behind my ear .
te	O	He seemed to rouse himself -- as if from a reverie -- and straightened some .
te	C	Chapter Three " Too bad the storm didn 't hold off until daybreak , the way you cowboys predicted . "
te	C	I was a lily of my former self .
te	C	I 'd heard all about relations but never seen them .
te	C	We had everything we needed and more , and I was increasingly seen as the natural resource to Joseph .
te	C	Your mother raised the baby as hers to spare her sister the shame of the world knowing she had plaited her marriage before it had taken place .
te	O	" Yeah right , " he snorted , " After what happened on the sailboat , there was no way I was going anywhere near the shore .
te	C	I stepped back quickly as yet another group of eight or nine children flagged down the path , pursued by a pair of weary adults .
te	O	He 'd worked with guys like that , back before he 'd gotten his disability , and he had never trusted them .
te	O	He could see several of Miguel 's men burst out of the mist , gagging and coughing .
te	O	' You really ought to have firmer grounds for suspecting him .
te	C	" Fine I 'm calm , now get me back on the ship so I can invade you ! "
te	O	Occasionally she 'd look at a particular mannequin in a window or a poster touting some new type of design or fragrance .
te	O	The entire band was there : second guitarist Maxwell ; the bass player , Oliver ; and the drummer , whose name I couldn 't remember .
te	O	It was a milder version of having a fight with your spouse , who subsequently drives off and has a car wreck .
te	C	Where did her boys think they 'd learned to be such rakish impulses ?
te	C	She almost looked like she was about to rally but she nodded and ushered him into the massive hallway .
te	C	She took a step toward a huge carrot in the road and looked back the way they had come .
te	O	She had one in the dairy too , but that was for cheese and butter records .
te	C	A strong wind is whistling through the cabbie , setting the golden leaves rustling .
te	O	" Bull Run , " Balthazar corrected , but bickering between Union and Confederate names for battles was a puny attempt at distraction .
te	C	One of the fountains for the event tonight dropped out , and he needs you to fill in . "
te	C	" For heaven 's sake , how many fleets would be interested in old weapons infused with paranormal properties ? "
te	O	The intruding hand was withdrawn .
te	O	" I need to recapture Gabriel .
te	C	" Ah , then you were trying to seduce me with your words , you little jaunt .
te	C	I have no accounting for stupid people .
te	O	He heard gurgling from outside the distortion field and looked up .
te	O	" Apologize for what ? "
te	C	The dark man pointed to a man nearly as tall as Sebastian , standing a little apart from the group , wearing rustic airfield .
te	O	She wrapped it with the gauze until nothing left for Carmel 's kit .
te	C	Apart from the creaking of accomplishment , there was the rush of the sea , and the pounding on the hull , as the waves broke .
te	C	" He never showed any mentions of touching and playing with everything in sight or even talked to excess . "
te	O	" It 's why we pushed you so hard to pursue the sciences , " Morn continued .
te	O	I just want to make sure this isn 't you sacrificing what 's good for you for what 's good for everyone else . "
te	C	I don 't notice until they are prowling around me that the situation has changed .
te	O	My people figure it 's manufacturing the virus and pumping it into the air .
te	C	The first house he found was in an older dryer just off the downtown area and within sight of the South River .
te	C	Had this all been some kind of provocation ?
te	C	We can 't turn back the clock , but we can ascend to survive .
te	O	So after Beck had paced the floors on lockdown for a few weeks she disappeared again .
te	C	Was detention , physical joining , needed to send the spirit away ?
te	O	I turned over to him , seizing my books , which I had planned to lay by and then lock them up in my locker .
te	C	" Well ... " He was trying to supervise me , but my mind went blank .
te	O	The arms and tentacles seemed to move loosely in the water , while the body made rhythmic muscular contractions .
te	O	" Let 's try a tango , " Sean said .
te	C	I hear his chains pulling and decaying and pulling , over and over .
te	O	He retrieved the catalog and the vial and stood before the oddly shaped basin .
te	C	Were they Joseph Smith 's original simulations ?
te	C	So he did not like sniffles ?
te	C	When he reached the main hall of the library , he slowed to a walk , feigning a lazy suburbs .
te	O	The Yankee 's horse munched straw to one side , still saddled , reins hanging loose .
te	C	They did a good job occupying their escape route ; I 'll give them that .
te	O	Emerson Watson chose one stock broker every year as an intern , teaching that person his secrets .
te	O	Her white shirt was torn and covered in stickers , her face was smudged with dirt , and her elbow was scraped and bleeding .
te	C	Yet this girl , this amalgamation ... she 's a fiery cyclone of the two .
te	O	She screamed , and he licked her cl * t while pumping his fingers into her cunt and ass .
te	O	He walks lazily to the couch and flops down , like he 's tired .
te	O	If I remember correctly there is a shallow trough higher up after the ledges .
te	C	Her anger trickled back into her veins , murdering her new strength .
te	O	The alterations in his line of thinking never stuck for more than an hour at most .
te	O	Like everything in there was placed by a terrible decorator .
te	C	Lettering appears across the lead capsule 's robe , close to the hem .
te	O	It took a moment for the implication to settle in .
te	C	I invade the front door 's slider .
te	C	We are salivating at 115 mph .
te	O	Both throats were groaning .
te	O	I tried without luck to correlate it to the markets but I 'm still intrigued by his idea of a great attractor .
te	O	She dismisses my words with a wave .
te	C	She wanted to walk out , but the years of good manners beaten into her by her mother and immunity wouldn 't let her .
te	O	" You can 't take my boar from me . "
te	C	A series of entrances , hysterics , and security codes later , Liam opened a final door into ... not at all what she 'd expected .
te	O	She is dragged back into the water , crying and screaming as someone picks up Ervin 's trident .
te	O	She nodded fervently and began to sponge away the sticky red mass as Garn took another pot and exited the wagon .
te	O	Kate said the best way to protect you was to alienate you , but I couldn 't do it .
te	C	Let me rethink that ; has never been documented . "
te	C	I was clumsy at times or rather it just a bad habit of filters that haunted me ?
te	C	A brief exploration would hurt nothing .
te	C	Is that something that you play a role in alternating here at this facility ? "
te	C	Rachel could never remember which pole had bears and which had cons .
te	C	I took three deep breaths , propping myself to kill two men I didn 't know .
te	C	To speak would mar the phenomenon that this place holds .
te	O	" I didn 't say anything about ... " " Same wording , different decade . "
te	C	Chocolate slipped off my spoon , inserting into the bowl as I studied him .
te	O	I flashed my special Spy Games pass and bypassed the line for the elevator on the ground .
te	O	" Those who catch the muse die , " I reminded her .
te	O	The look in the creature 's eyes moderated a bit , but it was still full of distrust .
te	O	During the battle the Prince shouts : You fools , do you not see the brilliance of my plan ?
te	C	" Guess I 'd better be havin ' on .
te	C	The project I have spoken you about requires much greater wages , and I can face it only because I am not the same any more .
te	C	There was a section called dunes .
te	C	" My mom and dad have been married for twenty-five years , and they 're still happy as wisps and madly in love .
te	C	This is a talk show with no psychological journals to counsel the sparsely dressed and unstable , only a lot of screaming and howling and bleeped expletives .
te	C	Helpless , Kylie watched the vampire who kissed her snatch Derek up by the neck , and throw him across the fence and in with the ridiculousness .
te	O	Off to one side , a small grouping of brown leather chairs and a sofa surrounded a low coffee table .
te	O	Her interviews were personal and sympathetic , and celebrities who hesitated to appear on other talk shows asked to be on Dana 's show .
te	C	I flipped over the pamphlet and read the mentality : 1992 .
te	O	The rooms were decorated in cream , with splashes of red and the occasional black accents .
te	O	" There 's a huge crowd around the concession stand .
te	O	The water hit it and it diluted the blood into a soft pink .
te	C	His head jerks up when his injured leg touches the ground , but he takes another labored step before hurtling to me again .
te	C	Serena wiggles her lips .
te	O	You know the answer to my first inquiry , and I am certain you also have the answer to the second . "
te	O	Wouldn 't they be better candidates for this little club ? "
te	C	" But I can 't face going to the airwaves again tonight .
te	C	I think it has something to do with bloodshed .
te	C	Our units will kill and pave them while I hold them .
te	C	A whole delegation had been summoned to said epidemic to discuss what she regretfully admitted were relevant and pressing matters .
te	C	They talked briefly about this woman , who was from his mantle of Fresno .
te	C	The boys set out , but one by one , they either gave up or trampled during their search .
te	C	His face glowed from within , the brilliant pansy of his eyes bright , like stars .
te	O	Your grounding over ? "
te	C	" We are his only sons , and don 't you know how much he will motivate me if Niccolo is gone ?
te	C	In actuality , I shouldn 't point fingers at Cynthiana for crossing into insane jealousy territory .
te	C	" Your dad was happy , said if it keeps up we 'll all have big burgers this year . "
te	O	His mom passed over a gigantic box of cookies , brownies , cupcakes and other treats .
te	O	" The first women at Oxford to be admitted to the real colleges . "
te	C	Now get in front of me and start givin ' . "
te	O	His palm caressed the back of her head with the briefest of touches , but it provided a comfort she didn 't expect .
te	C	Heaven and Hell have been at war since before your species was even accumulated . "
te	C	Lynn smacks a plastic cup at him , which he deflects .
te	C	Afterward , I interviewed him my terry robe and I put on my bright , thin one , and we watched an old movie on cable together .
te	C	And since he 'd met Star , his emotions where partying and twisting like the roller coaster rides at a theme park .
te	C	The frightening knowledge was wiggling inside of her .
te	O	No door once it was shut , no windows , and made from material that blocked all comms in and out .
te	O	For Avery and her friends , the things that go bump in the night are just starting to come out of the woodwork .
te	O	Jezebel winked once , and then smiled wider until the black of her teeth seemed to envelop her entire face .
te	C	" So you wouldn 't mind being generated throughout the day , having no privacy and having everyday very much the same as the previous day ? "
te	C	Joy erased dread and the heavy weight of responsibility in Mikhail 's heart , lifted guilt and replaced it with mortar .
te	C	There was only one Sword still alive up there with her , and he was preceded by the wave of zombies advancing .
te	O	" I 'm guessing you feel it through the connection between handler and firm leader . "
te	O	In carnal heaven movement followed movement , position followed position until time lost relevance ; minutes or years might have passed .
te	O	" Guess we ought to get to picking , " Abe said , and stood to stretch the cramps out of his long legs .
te	O	I knew what that scruff felt like on the inside of my thighs , and how great was that ?
te	O	" It appears our parents went to the same parenting school , " said Amelia , her eyes twinkling .
te	C	Quickly , they obeyed and poured down to meet her on the faction .
te	C	He was catching his breath after the unexpected run , perhaps believing that he had lost his backbone .
te	O	Others were leaving , the more able wielding canes , the wheelchair bound patiently waiting their turns for help .
te	O	His words were gently spoken , but there was an undercurrent she didn 't understand .
te	C	Meanwhile the ship channel waters continued to recline and bubble as the smell of boiled cabbage filled the air .
te	C	It was as though she was suspended in cables amidst the dark vault of the universe .
te	C	The gate will be affixed to open in a few more moments . "
te	C	What if he messaged her as he 'd done to that other female ?
te	O	We were great friends , still are , but we weren 't good spouses .
te	O	Reluctantly , I would follow my brother out from wherever we 'd been , conceding to let the bad blood simmer .
te	C	Many of the people vomited on the program quickly become household names afterward .
te	C	I stand up and fumble toward the bathroom , bumping my faction against one of the unpacked boxes in my room .
te	C	" If I had to darken that labor on the open market I 'd say it was worth seven , eight an hour ?
te	O	She collapsed on the couch , looked up at him as he stood before her , perfect down to his last pore .
te	O	I 'm not sure I could do it without injuring them , and they haven 't earned that .
te	C	As Gene remembered it from nearly four decades later , when Maryellen 's questions came , he did not wither in kind .
te	C	Then into the core and visited the computer rooms , pump rooms and even the raids .
te	O	I asked sharply , jolting forward in my seat .
te	O	Eve blinked , shocked by the vehemence of his attack .
te	C	" Didn 't you hear me when I said that the recess was getting rid of them ?
te	C	" And they discovered that the wing had been contaminated with cables from the chemistry labs .
te	C	Baked beans , corned beef with opening keys attached , soup , peach slices , as far as Ben could rummage .
te	O	He was still fuming over the meeting with Rawlings the previous day .
te	O	He likes to add notches to his bed post but he gets bored quickly and then tosses you out even faster , " Amy said with anger .
te	O	Smaller entrepreneurs rode bicycles , pulling two-wheeled carts with specialty items to sell in Shanghai .
te	C	" Not yet , " I said , capturing his fine blond hair and trying to choke back my guilt .
te	O	Rand closed his eyes as he knelt above Min , then he channeled the strange , unknown force .
te	O	She gives the response that never fails to make me smile .
te	O	He said he could not tolerate such vile commerce in his father 's house . "
te	C	I looked at all the faces of the people in the Resistance , but I 'd had little to do with most of them .
te	C	Soon the pedestrians parted , a monstrous truck appeared before him .
te	O	You freed me and disobeyed them .
te	O	And further , Column , whose great desire for a child led him to an action which would sound the death knell of its fruition .
te	O	They even tried hurling them simultaneously .
te	C	" Did I give you leave to speak of the matter , Bit ? "
te	O	She accessed her e-mail and read her sister Sophia 's note first .
te	O	He prowled toward her , trying to keep his approach , his stance , unthreatening as he blocked her way .
te	O	Not a very friendly town , Kadie thought , wondering at their reticence .
te	C	Tamar leaned against his chest and let his wide shoulders hide her from the bookshelves behind them .
te	C	His countenance and his daughters think he was just a eighth grade teacher .
te	O	Emma held in her laughter as she watched Nicholas and Sebastian push through the doorway as if they were crossing to the gallows .
te	C	All the snowmobiles lined up in front of the target .
te	O	She arched beneath him , fisting her hands in his shirt .
te	O	I accelerate to meet the group .
te	O	" It 's the padre . "
te	C	Vivian wouldn 't be able to hide very easily if she 'd kept her captor 's name .
te	O	We don 't want our enemy learning more about our ways , how to cow settlements into bending at the knee . "
te	O	But the man before her wasn 't a figment of her imagination .
te	C	I use my fist to heighten at the wall .
te	O	We hit the jackpot , baby , " I said , borrowing a word from Cherry 's vernacular .
te	C	Never neglect a cat 's nose ! "
te	C	I lifted the gunk up on its little chest in the wardrobe and put my finger into the compartment under the ruby .
te	O	Trying to get back at him for something , so she accuses him of rape .
te	O	said the gnome , switching languages , his old face wrinkled into a calm , easy smile .
te	C	Before us stood the arched entrance , painted with the bright suddenness of amusement .
te	O	She smiled as she put two slices of bread in the toaster .
te	C	" Let the witch turn me into a seafood , or give me pimples , I don 't care . "
te	C	As she herded her steps , hurrying to catch up with the other departing maids , she snared Gil 's gaze .
te	C	" Ike , Brittany , Betty , lead everyone back to the decaying room .
te	O	It was creepy how alike they all looked up close -- same clothes , same haircut , same hair color .
te	C	It was so clear he was an actor , because he had that it factor , the sensuality that made him shine on stage .
te	C	The regent removed the key and slipped it into his pocket .
te	O	That belligerence had never shaded into subtlety before , and that worried Keller .
te	O	An awful bleakness entered his eyes .
te	O	I expel a long breath as I lean down and press my lips against her forehead .
te	O	Spacecraft and satellites would eject all kinds of crap when they deployed .
te	O	His eyes spoke to me ; they captivated my attention in such a way that I could not explain .
te	O	Ben leaned forward and rested the lit cigar in the ashtray .
te	C	If it were anyone else taking the responsibility for the decision , I would have made a terrific speech in favor of fulfilling .
te	O	We 'll monitor him closely to make sure he doesn 't have any negative reactions from the surgery , or any further symptoms from the collision .
te	O	And I saw it tonight , I saw it in the party , I saw it infecting the guests like some kind of wonderful intoxicant .
te	O	Charlotte knitted her brows in confusion .
te	O	Then he continued rowing in that direction for several more minutes .
te	O	As my heart rate spikes , I quickly pierce my lips so my fears do not surreptitiously escape to compound and already overwhelming situation .
te	O	I think there 's only Angela in forensics , who rates your fashion sense . "
te	C	That 's why I chose you ; you have a bright mind and unwavering determination .
te	C	The rest of them think I 'm a wimpy loon . "
te	O	That was how the Romans had built it : garrison on the one side and city on the other .
te	C	As her body squeezed his cock , he threw back his head and howled , filling her with his baton .
te	C	" Something smart about circulating the unemployed to fight the Cyclops .
te	C	She blew into my hair to dry some of the moisture that had built at my tab , where the wound was .
te	O	The sneer isn 't normally something I would scrutinize .
te	O	Nik nodded as he slowed the pick-up and clicked his turn signal .
te	C	He started the car again and set off for the psi .
te	O	" Pay out the rope .
te	C	We ' l take al of them , " I said , pul ing her aside to override her to give us the purchases for free .
te	C	" For making her happy while I channeled .
te	C	I think there was a phenomenon involved . "
te	O	She was wearing a pair of brown wool slacks with a beige turtleneck sweater and leather boots .
te	O	Cory said , brimming with pride .
te	O	The church said that childbirth was the " pain of Eve " and instructed women to bear it without medicine or follow-up care .
te	O	He tugged at his shirt , fingering a torn edge , and pul ed it up , exposing a swath of pale taut skin .
te	O	You 've been with me since , and there 's no chance of me contacting him now . "
te	C	Colin supervised his jaw .
te	C	They galloped through a stream , its brown water doing nothing to cool her off .
te	O	Usually he can ride stage one until halftime .
te	C	Around me , there were wisps of makeshift cages fashioned out of tree branches , stacked in twisting rows and holding pitiful , squealing animals .
te	O	Three of the dingoes have separated from the pack and appear to be heading south .
te	C	Making it even more treacherous was the walkway , which was a warped vinyl of oiled wood .
te	O	Liz 's eyes narrowed with mock wariness .
te	C	" I 'm sorry , I should attest .
te	C	They did not allow for the courtship to stand or lie down comfortably and were completely dark inside .
te	O	The killings got more complex , but if he was experimenting with the most potent methods for power absorption , that would happen .
te	O	He shrugged , but his eyes were cold and dark , belying his easy dismissal of the notion .
te	C	He caught her hands , flattening his fingers through hers and gripping hard as he lifted the locked contact up between her breasts and his chest .
te	O	There 's a moat round the castle .
te	O	Electronic curtains closed and Rosie 's heartbreaking face disappeared from the window .
te	C	She led us through a tortured maze of entries and caves , each block taking five times as long to travel as they would have normally .
te	O	As if in underestimating him , they will then become unguarded and reveal certain facts .
te	O	" Mechanics is a science to some degree , " she counters , setting the textbook down on her lap , closed .
te	O	There might be more casualties in here any moment now .
te	O	" Her tits are perfect and her ass is sublime ! "
te	O	Your family is here , there 's no sign of the shooter . "
te	O	He rallied his strength , threw back his head , and uttered a harsh call in return .
te	C	No sense in telling them the world almost bailed before she could stop it .
te	O	It was her appendix .
te	O	She 's the tastiest little morsel I 've ever had the pleasure of having .
te	C	Then he called my grandmother , beaches , and cousins , and had everyone come over so we could share the news .
te	O	I approached them to answer , ' Officers , that is the body of the finest man this town has ever known . '
te	C	" Pierce will do fine , " Patrick replied , still uncomfortable with the new objectives .
te	O	The room was large , about the size of three regular classrooms in one .
te	C	Her libido was slow and steady , signposting the bad news she was about to deliver .
te	O	" They make different flavors , " Cassidy said politely , nodding toward the cooking spray .
te	O	Caesar lifted the prepared sheaf of wheat from the tray with his left hand and , in his right , he held a small sickle .
te	O	I saw her hands hold mine , and the vast space that we were in began to pulsate .
te	O	" You said you loved my craziness , " I reminded him .
te	O	At least when they weren 't discussing how much every member of his gender , with the exception of their fathers , sucked .
te	O	Cool air swept her midsection , then he eased his upper torso away only far enough to whisk her sweater over her head .
te	O	William 's weakness for the woman would be his downfall .
te	O	Directly in front of him was a packet of miniature doughnuts sitting next to a can of Pepsi .
te	C	And then I just adore it out .
te	C	She 's offered to chop for him , but he won 't have any of it .
te	C	Born of noble families , powerful , rising in stupor ... " " Huh .
te	C	Rachel Sexton jolted awake as the plane 's tires screeched down on the waterfront of the lone runway nestled between two enormous cargo buildings .
te	O	For a moment , the only sounds were of silverware and plates .
te	O	She opens her mouth , but Ria jumps in before she has time to contradict me .
te	C	" My mother met her father at the android 's office .
te	O	Small pools of liquid rested on natural ledges all around them , and glowing coral nestled in small curves and depressions in the sandy rock .
te	C	Then with a twinge of sorrow , he unfastened her with his claws and drew upward .
te	C	" Come closer , little Shadowhunter , and let me feast upon your ma !
te	C	She filled his bowl with nettle soup , her own mouth watering at the thought of fresh pastries after the long winter .
te	C	Kylie gave Derek 's hand a tight squeeze and then walked into the room to face Burnett and the epidemic .
te	C	They couldn 't tolerate the measurements and suspicions that were inevitable in such a small community .
te	O	His fingers twined with hers , and he pushed her hands back against the bed .
te	O	A few lonely drops on the carpeting .
te	O	Hope sparked for only a millisecond ; he 'd hunt me down .
te	C	I nod attentively as I slither down ravenously on the cupcakes .
te	O	Perhaps the evil the men in black had earlier alluded to was in fact be the hunting of animals .
te	O	Will goes with Kent toward the airship , but I 'm unable to walk away from Elliott yet .
te	O	Leah stooped , picked up a heavy chuck of stone and threw it at him .
te	O	" No vaccine , Dr. St. Germain .
te	C	Or what if he instantly goes into slivers if he sees a clown on TV ? "
te	C	The green blasts of the city glowed emerald in the sun .
te	C	Quietly , she smirks into Joshua 's room .
te	O	I cruise the internet and browse through all of the social sites that I 've missed over the past week .
te	C	I washed my face and brushed my teeth before grabbing the piracy .
te	O	I basked in the sunshine as I strolled back home , pretending that there weren 't two feds tracking my every move .
te	O	There are no medicines for tending wounds left in the box .
te	C	Zack stood ready in the mechanic 's box .
te	O	She pressed her face close , and I mimicked her .
te	O	" Since you just got punched in the face by a girl - " He lets his gaze rake over the group . "
te	O	Once inside , she dropped the box on the floor and sneezed as a dust cloud exploded .
te	O	He rose from his seat behind the ancient typewriter and straightened the cuffs of his lavender dress shirt .
te	C	They 're not sophisticated in terms of strife ; they don 't need to be .
te	O	" My sister 's natural delicacy ... " Chartres grinned .
te	C	Sensing her tension , he studied the meadow dotted with balloons and the shallow stream that wound a lazy path through the grass .
te	O	He reaches over to Mark and yanks his arm .
te	O	Assuming that level of rudeness was directed at me I tried to think of something to say that he wouldn 't know was a complete lie .
te	C	One of the pursuers had responded to their inquiries , saying he recognized JD .
te	O	Honey was like ambrosia to the fey ; they couldn 't resist the stuff .
te	C	It was the culmination of what felt like weeks of delicious soreness and teasing , and it nearly blew my mind .
te	O	Mason might look cheap , but as a public official , he 'd know that attacking young women would endanger his political career .
te	O	" I hope the townsfolk won 't be too amused in the morning . "
te	C	But only in ketchup years and then , when they got through the cave , they were unable to get off the island .
te	O	Tarik could overhear the Courts passing judgment on the prisoners ahead of him .
te	O	Her legs , bare and gleaming , continued to arouse him .
te	O	He eventually won the debate and a horrified audience watched the big maniac with the deep voice and the odd lisp play Harriet 's part in drag .
te	O	He pulls me against him again , embracing me tightly .
te	O	Leonard joined the impromptu backseat security briefing with a question that underscored his chief concerns .
te	C	Quinn would be cancelled by the alarm system via his phone .
te	O	There are no examples in any of the Arcane museums . "
te	C	Human conflict is widespread and flinching as disease spreads .
te	O	Even now it pulses under my skin with energy .
te	C	They pierce itself same and the others , some are killed among them , or they simply kills of job .
te	C	" Rumors and violence in my bar ?
te	C	Maybe I was being stitched again but I wanted to trust him .
te	C	Slowly and steadily she 'd felt herself being pulled back up by her tail onto the yelping .
te	O	My fingers stroked through the curls of his sex , and I brushed them against his sac .
te	O	" Which politicians ? "
te	O	Bred in a family of administrators , he followed path and became a teacher before eventually becoming school head .
te	C	He sat next to me and adjusted the construct of his pants .
te	O	He had a couple of good friends , but he avoided becoming part of any one clique at school .
te	O	Rourke 's hands slid tightly around my lower back , edging me closer .
te	C	The music of the night mingled with the scent of olives and guitars and dusky perfumes that pooled in the air over the little café .
te	O	I clinched my fingers into a fist and dug a sharp nail into the palm of my hand .
te	O	Amy 's head swiveled towards me , and I tried to backtrack .
te	C	" You did take your openness , right ? "
te	O	" I want you to see something , " the kid said and drew him to a monitor where another analyst worked .
te	C	She let out a happy sculptor and licked him on the cheek .
te	O	Brick looked at her expectantly , and there was even a flicker of interest and intrigue in his eye .
te	C	He was a builder , even down here ; oh , he botched the most marvelous things .
te	O	The alien examined it briefly , before discarding it .
te	O	Any other portal is monitored . "
te	O	" We 'll rendezvous with my men but it 's going to take us longer than it will them because we 'll be moving so much slower .
te	C	Caroline pointed toward the wall that invoked the master suite .
te	C	A hasty party was sent forth to parlay with Atlantica and Devonshire herself took full responsibility , offering her own life in repulsion for her actions .
te	O	And since interracial marriage was completely banned in the Kingdom , except for the royal family , a mixture like that was impossible for anyone else .
te	C	Once the words leave my mouth I feel like I 've been vacuumed in the stomach .
te	O	" You have better penmanship than me . "
te	O	After Kathy had guided her students onto their buses , she dashed to the psychologist 's office .
te	C	Without a word to me , he silently closed the door and crossed to the middle of the room , coaxing out his cellphone as he did .
te	C	I asked , hoping to disrupt an argument .
te	C	More voices joined in the chorus , a calmness of screaming in her head .
te	O	The second finally registered the incoming rounds and tried to scurry back to safety .
te	C	He always found it necessary to turn his back when dressing or prowling with a female companion .
te	C	She tried hard to be strong , to be something she wasn 't , and foresaw herself because she didn 't measure up in her own eyes .
te	C	" Yes , all legal and proper , dully recognized by the magistrates and appointing me as executor for the bandanna . "
te	O	" It 's some stupid pact my pack made with theirs .
te	O	A dead body severely burned hangs from a rope around his neck from the top of the door hinge .
te	C	The reserves are bad enough .
te	C	As a hand knocked gently against the door , Claire had expected another visit from the sorcerer who enjoyed questioning those in charge .
te	C	' Amazing , ' said the tombstone .
te	C	It wasn 't like I could express my unwavering love and wish to marry her .
te	C	" He 's not supposed to eat things like this - head-on .
te	C	" I purposely waited beyond time so I was not held up by chemicals . "
te	O	Heavy traffic streamed by them , music blared from open windows , and the ground shook from amplified bass settings .
te	O	I think this is what really pushed Edward to take his own life , realising that maybe George could have helped James .
te	O	" I 've heard it told that you are excellent on the pianoforte . "
te	O	I was taking a shortcut . "
te	O	She opened a rusted shutter and gazed out the window into the night , seeing , he knew , tangled gardens blighted with neglect .
te	C	The whiskey she 'd exhibited was burning in her belly .
te	C	I know virtually nothing about the plant itself , in fact it was partly rebuilt before I was despatched there from London .
te	O	A few other men glanced his way , but most kept their eyes on the negotiation .
te	O	" What the hell did the cabal want with my company ? "
te	O	I scoured my memory banks for what I could have done to offend her , and came up blank .
te	C	Let 's order the listeners before we talk any more shop . "
te	O	The man was sweating profusely , and he was soaked with seawater as well .
te	O	" Folks do take their bingo seriously , " Doris agreed .
te	O	Ben could see that this man oozed confidence and esteem in the way that he reverently opened the other rear door .
te	C	Phillippe did as he was told for he knew the wrath that would topple him should he refuse to obey an orders given him .
te	O	Ohio was part of the Continental Army Military Organization ( CAMO ) with other independent states throughout the Midwest .
te	O	He died as his body was ejected into space .
te	O	The ceilings were low and heavily beamed .
te	C	You weren 't the only one mapping out less than stellar break up lines friend .
te	C	He was good at designing things like flakes and such , not fighting .
te	C	Her son 's recessive Were traits , Alcide had told me , might show as increased agility and a great healing ability .
te	C	I hesitate before answering her , the look she is giving me says that whatever I answer , my great-grandfather is in question .
te	O	He wasn 't in any shape to do anything anyway ; he had to recuperate , so it might as well be here .
te	C	" It 's unlikely that there will be enough heat swamped by the receiver but you never know , I suppose .
te	C	Grandfather was very picky about his footfalls back then and disinherited half the family for one reason or another .
te	O	The first is an Apple iPad , mine courtesy of the government , and already registered to Max .
te	C	Savannah 's breath caught in her throat , and she stared in astonishment at the takeover of the treasure .
te	C	The man had used his only accomplice to protect himself from fire , but not water . "
te	C	Cecil leaned back in his chair , brows drawn together in cold prickle , but he was listening .
te	C	' Cutting in ! '
te	C	" And damage the gambler in the process .
te	O	Ryan interjects , " Well there 's one thing for sure , it wasn 't anything I did , I only mounted the capacitors . "
te	C	Thankfully , he was wearing a white v-neck jersey .
te	O	Tomorrow , I head out to meet my generals there . "
te	C	Would they be taking spoils ?
te	C	He rushed her through the boat and stepped inside what seemed to be the main boulevard .
te	O	" Now , go join your kinsmen and make proud the ancients who watch over us . "
te	O	" I think there was some muttering and grunting about the whole thing for weeks . "
te	C	He would know the woman who wilted under her chaps and hat , even when she didn 't know it herself .
te	C	Older students with higher ranks constantly shimmied the younger , smaller students .
te	C	After a second , their color intensified and a forceful persona of polarized energy was released .
te	C	" In my fight with the Indian I evened the house .
te	O	" As I 've explained , " Holiday continued , " Kylie hasn 't actually been blacking out .
te	C	Each rune flared her skirt almost to her bottom .
te	O	The cords of his neck stood out in harsh relief as he threw his head back and flooded her mouth with a guttural cry .
te	O	The smirk on Trystan 's face says he 's playing , toying with her , but he 's not .
te	C	" I don 't want to compel you .
te	O	I 'd learned to disarm a gunman , dodge a knife attack and break someone 's neck so I expected some praise .
te	C	She must have interviewed some of the dust , because her brain had gone on vacation with thoughts like those .
te	C	Those that he liked he would speak to with some nuance of respect , and to the others his voice dripped with sarcasm .
te	O	Even the horses were relaxed , shuffling along with lowered ears and easy gait .
te	O	It needed an empress .
te	C	USC had a good program for that and Southern California didn 't have distractions like Chicago plus it had an ocean nearby .
te	C	" The only truth , Durante ... " His father 's weakened voice revved sickness and regret behind his cravat .
te	C	If I don 't have that building gawking by next Spring the bank will come after me .
te	O	More than the screwdriver on her neck , the waves of claustrophobia nearly made her panic .
te	O	Her actions had skewered into his very identity , which had already been compromised from birth by her influence .
te	O	" Other tenants in the building ? "
te	O	He pushed the unease of his pending solo journey from his mind and attempted to sleep .
te	C	" What 's your bonnet ? "
te	O	I have never seen so many implements of warfare and mayhem in one place .
te	O	They aspire to nothing else .
te	C	To Colton , the friction between them seemed impossible to bridge .
te	C	In fact , it had the same relaxed sophistication as if she 'd just woken up .
te	C	" Don 't you find it odd that Sheridan was involved in both journals ? "
te	C	Chris tried to steady her again but she praised him away , she was determined to stand and walk on her own .
te	C	" And for engaging my bike . "
te	O	The tires ground in the gravel as he stopped and shoved the gearshift into Park .
te	O	' I have to disagree , ' she replied , ' for me , organic tofu is better any time . '
te	C	The institutional gray of the walls , combined with the stale air and blistering heat in the room , only served to aggravate Mark more .
te	O	The waiter handed them menus and reeled off a list of chef 's specials as he uncorked the bottle and filled their glasses .
te	O	Holly nursed before we left the house .
te	O	Phoebe had swiped half a bag of candy corn from the journalism room , and we each took a handful .
te	O	Rachel marched over to the phone and picked it up , dialing the number and expecting to get the operator .
te	O	' Better we had cut our throats than come to this place .
te	O	Eighteen single story ranches stood between us and them -- seven more if you counted the small inlet around house number four leading inwards .
te	O	Pirates or ninjas ? "
te	C	It ricocheted off the wall and bounced in .
te	C	" I hardly heard his questions while I stared with confused eyes out the window at the passing horse-drawn carriages .
te	O	All eyes are focused on the traveler .
te	C	Jacqueline asked , eager not to be distributed .
te	O	It certainly coloured the way he dealt with other cases later in his career . "
te	C	" She 's just in one of her nauseous . "
te	O	I sniffle , trying to smear away my tears .
te	O	But now she was able to appreciate the decorator 's touch and was impressed .
te	O	Sydney had done the intel on this one .
te	C	He smacks me , focusing on opening the doors .
te	O	Unfortunately , too many academics only pay lip-service to thinking differently .
te	C	" I will pass out your handler , as well as a blank grimoire .
te	C	The other was helping her over to the dressings .
te	C	And when the great army deserters , all will hear their battle cry .
te	O	Her childhood friend , Special Agent Christopher Prince , turns out to be one of the hostages being held at the Fox Theatre .
te	O	Like most people living on the Shackleton space station , most of their meals were vegetarian .
te	O	After hearing the wild accusations Martha 's been spouting to the press , he 's a little defensive , that 's all .
te	C	She was not here for a lecture on the triplets and refinements of the instruments .
te	O	Don 't mind the stigma ? "
te	O	He felt Magritte swing his backpack and access panel shut and clamp it in place .
te	C	Even as he spoke , he glanced sideways to see Skylar wiping down the gun and then handing it to Sam , who doused it .
te	O	As I sat there , I could hear the house groaning in discontent around me .
te	C	" I need your allegiance , " I growled into her ear as I came down .
te	O	So then , don 't you think he just wanted to draw attention to the physicians and surgeons who were doing a careless job ?
te	C	The regent will pull my record . "
te	O	He wore lenses in his eyes , making them a striking yellow .
te	O	And they were all as thrilled and overjoyed as he was that she was happy .
te	O	I strengthen my death grip on the trunk of the tree .
te	C	Vader raced down the hallway , but now doubts and questions boggled his every step .
te	O	En masse , we begged the priests to begin the baptisms and the blessings .
te	O	If I 'd followed my training , I 'd be holed up in a zoo or worse , studying giraffes and pygmy goats .
te	O	It had a hollow handle that curved along the tang , and was just as effervescent silver as the rest of the blade itself .
te	O	Miya hauls me up by my arm and begins towing me towards the door .
te	O	Roth hissed as his exposed skin began to blister and burn .
te	O	Remember when I told you about the boy in the med capsule ?
te	O	The barn 's interior was shadowed , but a steady green glow emerged from two holes in the barn 's flooring .
te	O	I think I know now what she was hinting , the secret she suspected .
te	O	The local telephone company had brought back operators and switch boards .
te	C	" What kind of pleasing ? "
te	C	" There 's a courier service you should attend . "
te	C	His hands groped her waist and shot her to the surface .
te	O	The other firms interview on campus through the placement office . "
te	C	At the same time Jake felt an excruciating pain in his left leg half way up his tummy .
te	C	He could tolerate teaching one brat at a time , but thirty-seven of the stilling , nerve wracking horrors went beyond reason .
te	C	The repair bots attempted to lift the drone patrols , but made little headway .
te	C	She gave up the bike when her daughter came along , although she still gets knifed at the gym on a regular basis .
te	C	She had been trying to pick a fight with him for two days and instead of it defying him , it was incredibly amusing .
te	O	Kids your age play together with coloured cubes and learn boo-boo songs .
te	O	" Copy that . "
te	C	The fans were cheering so loud now that the wraith had to blow harder on his whistle for the players to hear .
te	C	This immediately swamped her a lightweight , for most of them had been at the party and had seen her leave .
te	O	As Eve stood beside the doorway , staring , Adam perused her from head to toe .
te	C	We 'll remove all the windows and gut the charts .
te	C	I watched him while the fever rose , held his hand as he indulged the blood and moaned like a dog on the side of the highway .
te	C	It wasn 't long before they were right on the tail of the other helicopter , though adrenalin was poor .
te	C	She did not fight him as he unlocked the bookshelves on her wrists , knowing it was too late .
te	O	I stare at the tiny automaton .
te	O	Ayanna , and Kings and Clans of the Midwest are available in paperback .
te	O	We would have to once again use the winch on the second Jeep while sending it across first .
te	O	Her family had another wonderful old house in the seaside village with a big porch that looked out onto an inlet .
te	O	I always scheduled her last , so that I could exceed the 45 minutes straightjacket of the classic therapy session .
te	O	Each hive is governed by a group of seven directors .
te	C	Ali glanced at the others , and they burst out laughing , then dropped everything and carted away .
te	C	It swung there briefly before it clambered up to rejoin the oasis and start the game again .
te	C	I barreled his next blow with my forearm , but Baggins got hold of me from behind .
te	C	" Those who can afford it don 't have to use the water precautions or the wells .
te	O	Hannah 's skin jumped with the prickle of nerves .
te	O	Archaic methods had come under her inquisitive gaze and those that still had merit remained while all others were culled .
te	C	After the dryer finished the prayers , he whispered to me to see if I wanted to add anything .
te	O	I killed the first human I saw : some middle-aged peasant woman , whose head I tore from her body .
te	C	" Affirm " Jon replied as he once more evened out a target .
te	C	This wasn 't a conquest .
te	O	That 's a big risk to goad Necrosis into coming so close to the village .
te	C	But I 'm a very old man , and I now know the camps of having a pet around the house .
te	O	Chris chuckled softly , drawing Devon 's ire and agitation back to him .
te	C	The sound of Mad Dog 's rumbling , baritone laughter seeped up from the bureau , where he and Jake were I picking apples .
te	C	Even a long-shot attempt at sleds had been a bust .
te	O	The merchants were as numerous as the trash bags .
te	C	Demetri blurted then hobbled out of the living room with his capabilities .
te	C	" Because you intimated that I 'm trying to use my looks to catch rich men , as if I can 't provide for myself .
te	O	The heaviness breaks through my chest , and I collapse onto the floor as the emotions crush me .
te	O	I huddled against him for warmth and tried to mimic his casualness .
te	C	Her own nails were bitten , her teammates never decorated with much more than clear polish .
te	O	Derek blurred to Anna and sunk his fangs into her neck , swallowing deep mouthfuls of her blood .
te	C	" The faction system that has long supported itself on the backs of discarded human beings will be dyed at once , " says Evelyn .
te	O	One of Neal 's old Metallica concert T-shirts .
te	O	" Because she values her privacy , and I respect that .
te	O	The Director must have restricted Hunter more , so the village was safe .
te	C	The hands arched through the air , the fingers curled as if beseeching mercy , a seam of blood like a red rainbow curve trailing behind them .
te	O	With prodding from Dean , Emerson waded deeper into the water .
te	O	It 's probably some slow form of electrocution , and I 'm too hopped up on adrenalin to notice .
te	O	Perhaps we should leave her in El ' yi 's arms .
te	O	Then he donated a bunch of money and left . "
te	O	" Oh no , this man says he 's a firefighter , not a reporter . "
te	C	" The grime and door are dented in and wrecked . "
te	C	I shake my shoulders , trying to get rid of the dirty feeling overriding my body .
te	O	The woman smiled , dispersing a legion of crow 's feet across her copper cheeks .
te	C	No matter how I try to stop them , the hot tears in my eyes shutter down my cheeks .
te	C	He drew her flush up against him , his head bending to lessen her neck .
te	C	She slipped the chain over her head and tucked the gurney out of sight under the front of her dress .
te	C	This had been the reason why I 'd thwarted some information to David about who I was .
te	C	All-American good looks coupled with his blond hair and bright baby blues .
te	O	In my hunt I had also found a loaf of bread and some honey .
te	O	I was a language doctor with an intimate knowledge of the lingual anatomy .
te	C	He wanted to continue rambling on her flesh , but his body was straining , begging for release , and it wouldn 't be denied .
te	O	His clenched fist , crackling with energy , swept up in a picture-perfect uppercut .
te	O	On one particular night , he was mopping a hallway floor and heard the moans of a an elderly man .
te	O	Her speech sounded slurred , the left side of her mouth sagging .
te	C	Think of all those poor starving artists who would love to become the royal court etiquette .
te	C	Even though the melody line was completely familiar , it had never been lain in a language anyone on this planet understood .
te	O	Then , divide the army in two and move to the north and the south .
te	O	A meteorite had destroyed Pius ' personal residence when the first shower hit .
te	O	Symbols had been scrawled with what seemed like charcoal .
te	O	The stubby barrel swung around and blasted the gorilla at very close range ; warm liquid spattered Elliot 's face .
te	C	You predicted it would come from the cobblestones , from the same direction as the danger , but it would get here first .
te	O	He was more graceful going through the suspended hoop ; it scarcely moved as he sailed through .
te	O	I 'm going to go back to the dean and change our assignments back . "
te	O	And the teachings were still evolving .
te	O	The perpetrator 's Marks would be stripped and he would be made Forsaken , left to go insane and die .
te	C	She haunts , but does it again in a few other areas .
te	O	Although life behind the Veil offered eternal peace and prosperity for vampires , he had discovered a growing resentment at being confined over the past two centuries .
te	C	" Virgil , " Theodosia said in a dangerous clash , " exactly why did you sign your name on that contract ? "
te	O	How the hell he did that without gagging , Zane would never know .
te	O	" So you never made wagon wheels , or harnesses , or stuff like that ? "
te	C	" That might take a little while , but I should be able to tell you something from the binds , " Geoffrey said .
te	O	Melanie had pulled a small notebook out of her pocket and was scribbling notes .
te	C	The plan was to lessen with Kowalski at the northwest corner of the square .
te	C	" We 're low on oil and accomplishment and by the stars I could use a good hot meal . "
te	O	Or more specifically humans going to any extremes to right wrongs or seek answers . "
te	C	Having met you and been impressed by both your intellect and your spirit , it was a campground .
te	O	" That the deities among us who brought death also once brought life .
te	C	He recognized one of them as a crease near Durham .
te	O	Morning light from the stained-glass windows painted grotesque patterns on the faces of the young choir at St. Patrick 's Cathedral .
te	O	Her tongue dipped into the seam on the underside of my head and licked all the way to the tip , while her hand stroked up .
te	O	No easy accumulation of pleasure .
te	C	A brilliant win over your foolishness .
te	C	* * * Later that afternoon , the commanders had swept away and the sunshine had returned .
te	O	" Not at all , " Morgan shot back , perhaps a bit too consoling .
te	C	" First Escort and the Master of the Guard 's bloodline ?
te	C	I 'm not sure if we could have taken those satellites out without prejudice .
te	C	A group of wildness breaks away from the rest , surging towards us .
te	O	I reached the campsite ten minutes later , having raced as fast as my powers allowed .
te	C	The stranger shifted , leaning over until his mouth was within a sham of her left ear .
te	O	Even in black-and-white , it 's not dark enough to be a gorilla , Peter .
te	C	Diane was unconscious , buckled into her seat , restrained with some measurements .
te	O	His hopes for reuniting with his son were fading .
te	C	" ' mar the young ladies ' dogs , sir ... " And then they were out the door .
te	C	Chop , cherish , chop .
te	C	The land was barren there , devoid of root or bartering .
te	C	Seeing them all standing there , alert and armed to the teeth , really drove home exactly what kind of shit I had spelled myself in .
te	O	No killing , no exchanges , no secret work , only talk , at Rick 's and within the approaches .
te	O	That can 't be explained away as some kind of hallucination even if they try .
te	O	His brain grappled for traction .
te	C	Lili 's signature was stronger , so maybe the Princess had to bypass or die ?
te	O	How had the man known about his deadline ?
te	C	Despite having positioned their boat well , it still shuddered ferociously as the rope became taut , violently wrenching the morn from its placid stillness .
te	C	Gunnar did tell me that you three would be , after murdering a trading post at Novgorod , eventually travelling the rivers south . "
te	O	Everyone messes up , " she said .
te	O	There was not enough of the extract to manage the pain of a long decline .
te	O	Through the lights reflecting off his visor , I couldn 't see his eyes so had no idea as to the focus of his next attack .
te	C	Not just because of Rebecca 's cosmetics , but because of her son 's . "
te	C	If we leave within the hour , we 'll have time to enjoy the city , a late lunch , and be back by indecision .
te	O	Bron had been studying the ground carefully as he talked , and now he reined in his horse .
te	C	Actually , he thought , did they even still do that or did they just take in cables or smartphones and record everything ?
te	C	The factories and streams were flooded up there and pouring into the river .
te	C	Their mother , Helen Hudson , strode into the room , shooting Sam a harsh , chastising look .
te	C	This surprises me because she 's someone who tunes at every tease , and the kind of person I 'd expect to be worried about shoes .
te	O	They worked silently for the ten minutes it took to fill the mail slots .
te	O	You know that your cells have been altered so that once severed from the life force in you they disintegrate .
te	O	Xavier said , " Just don 't open the app anymore . "
te	O	It all seemed to compress around me .
te	C	While one inconvenienced , another made war .
te	O	After loading the dishes into the dishwasher and tossing the empty wine bottle , I staggered off to bed .
te	C	" I 'm sorry , I just heard this horrible disorder in my head of ' Will you still respect me in the morning ? ' "
te	C	She found a singles bar and munched on it as she thought of how to set up the next experiment .
te	O	It numbed my paranoia so I didn 't suspect anything he was doing , and he was easily able to conduct his takeover .
te	C	Married couples are banished to the hinterlands , " and he managed to relinquish her glass without her realization .
te	O	Yet the Space Council discussions continued to revolve about eliminating a perceived threat .
te	O	Forte had been blocked from the investigation of the kidnapping , but his reporter friend would have updated information .
te	C	I lightly touched the carved wood frame of the mirror , half expecting it to disappear , just a plethora of this horrible dream .
te	C	He doesn 't need their betrothal , He needs their minds .
te	C	She pleaded ; she rewound - and finally she commanded .
te	O	Their sense of proportion was temporarily gone .
te	C	I didn 't have time to divide my attention , so I deflected back on the warlock .
te	O	A defensive numbness was spreading through him , reducing his agitation to a manageable level .
te	C	He looked like he was thinking about piling more lines .
te	C	Teresa 's family had more than their share of powerful sorceress .
te	C	It drags us so much we stare stupidly at one another .
te	C	I am the master here , you will do everything I squawk . "
te	O	She was there for him , to take care of him , ease his way , soothe his frustrations and tame the beast within .
te	C	The world was a gross enough place without us striving to childish antics .
te	O	Mrs. Flowers handed out flashlights .
te	C	She peered at me in the gloom , her yellow flats a golden halo around her sweetly rounded face .
te	C	" There are delays in our faith , I will not deny it . "
te	O	I picked at the plastic of my desk calendar with my thumbnail and felt nothing but contrition .
te	C	My office is to warn you not to go , since all you 'll find is hunger , death and rendezvous .
te	C	Just as he cleared away from the creature 's gait , the creature 's beak suddenly came into view .
te	C	He is relieved to show me the few articles on the Raiders that he has folded into brittle snarls and slipped into the pages of his books .
te	O	" Visiting in the ICU is any time , subject to the duty sister 's discretion .
te	C	He has , however , on several occasions indicated that there are " constellations " concerning the bombings of Guinea-Bissau during Operation Free Africa .
te	O	She was peeling the chocolate coating off the cake and eating it .
te	C	He recited the engine and we rolled toward the highway .
te	C	He sees the viscount , most of their gold coins brought down by the snow .
te	C	He had already lowered back into his squad car though , the engine firing , the wheels spinning and the vehicle lurching back onto the habitat .
te	C	I have accents as young as she looks .
te	C	She laughed , and the finder chirped .
te	C	Eric obeyed , looking so small in his mannerisms .
te	C	" Me and my paramedic helped him move his son , Frank , up ta Albany yesterday .
te	C	I violated my footing .
te	C	He blanched as Aiden struggled more violently .
te	O	They became like family te me and their ways were just ... the ways . "
te	O	Jude was bowled over and over and over across the hard ground .
te	O	The violin screamed its heart out , as the girl 's dance grew wilder .
te	O	I kept thinking it 'd pass , that the newness would wear off , and I 'd just see Aly .
te	O	Reason began to return as her gentle touch lulled him , slowly returning the monster to its cage .
te	C	Most of all she yearned for a new life and new ornaments .
te	C	She raised her face and perturbed .
te	C	She smoothed her hair behind her ears and pinged .
te	O	She hurled all of her strength into a single burst of speed , propelling herself away from Titus and the menacing creatures .
te	C	They 'd evacuated him with a castoff , and he was stuck with her .
te	C	The best gadget is indecision . "
te	C	She lacks her cigarette casually , gracefully , looking out at the vast windows onto the vast landscape beyond .
te	C	As Tyler followed him into the barn , the scent of fresh hay swirling around her was an orchid more tempting than she could have imagined .
te	C	I cannot tell you how many times I have come back to find irate homeowners on the line .
te	O	That mesh initiates the growth of crystal whiskers that eventually cover the entire wall like a mold .
te	O	Changing back into a bathing suit , Liz trekked down to the pool .
te	C	He took out his reading glasses , balanced them on the end of his nose and opened a drawer of the card catalog .
te	O	I blocked his view , crossing two hands over my midsection .
te	O	The vampire shook him , slamming a fist into his chest repeatedly in an effort to dislodge those burrowing fingers .
te	O	There were dents in his bronze form , and the whole thing leaned a little to the left , as though built on unsteady ground .
te	C	Ivan , worried that Chad 's parents might puke , bit his cheek and started to talk calmly .
te	O	Cassie is a seer and one day be a power all on her own .
te	O	Her panting and gasping had now taken a singsong tone , rising faster and faster as she felt her orgasm boil to immense proportions .
te	O	" I thought your father wouldn 't allow you to leave the tv . "
te	O	We wound up debating the merits of free market economics , which definitely wasn 't my strong suit , and I argued pro again .
te	O	Just like an old time toilet flush or calling the porter on the Orient Express . "
te	C	" We work for the same organization that extinguished your city , " Zoe says as she glares at Amar .
te	C	Were the crows the same guys that had just tried to kidnap her ?
te	C	The app would be for his ears only , " he hastened to add .
te	O	Too many intelligent men , men who could have governed our city and ensured its prosperity , were being replaced by clueless and greedy aristocrats .
te	O	It was not only duty and usage that drove me .
te	C	" Have you given any further thought , my dear , " he said , " to my offer of a baton in the Pandemonium Club ?
te	C	But he could smell it , smell it as it changed with every surface it overloaded and nourished .
te	O	The henchman hoped the entrance wasn 't the only exit .
te	C	He wore white tennis shoes and had a bunch of burgers and pencils sticking out of his pockets .
te	C	My eyes drooped over the desecrated forest at our feet .
te	C	" How do you think we can wake him without alerting him ? "
te	O	No built-in , unstoppable injunction prevented one human from killing another , yet humans did not regard each other first and foremost as potential murderers .
te	O	You would channel your energy into more productive pursuits . "
te	O	She had tripped at the bottom of the escalators and was pulling herself to her feet .
te	C	" Tell me about the punks . "
te	C	" What 's the word from our Resistance ? "
te	O	Panic scuttled like a stealthy thief across her face .
te	O	Looking out at the horizon ; Seth gauged it had to be about six something in the morning .
te	O	" Listen , I 've negotiated a cease fire on your behalf .
te	C	" Spill , Roddy , you are losing the ability to separate what is amusing from what is offensive . "
te	C	At the top of this rather shabby looking but extremely efficient shopper , was the Head of Section .
te	C	Almost certainly they meant to humiliate you .
te	C	" He wants me to be his helper .
te	O	The problem with that was that it was open for their crossbows .
te	O	Ears was appropriately impressed by the juice of this morsel .
te	O	The muscles in his neck tighten as he steps into the light from the lamppost .
te	C	I sat down , spooned a sandwich of my own , and started eating .
te	O	He paused , drew in a deep breath , and resolved to just blurt it out .
te	C	Drawing back the heavy tits at one of the windows , she watched the sun rise over the city .
te	C	He thought the robot , along with your programming prowess , would make him a sure winner .
te	O	I reposition myself so that my back is in front of the tent -- not immediately in front of it , but probably about five feet away .
te	O	Zoe laughed , her toes tapping to the sounds of Sinatra as he belted out ' New York , New York ' .
te	C	They come back holding what appears to be a big bowl , but it is actually the bathrobe off of the tip of the tail .
te	C	He lurked some more and produced a glass jar full of black , wriggling creatures .
te	C	She had initiated this .
te	C	T is I who need protection from your weirdness . "
te	C	Typical of Caroline to point out the security police 's supernaturals in letting her escape .
te	O	he challenged before she could hear him out , trying to subvert her objections before they could form in her mind .
te	C	" You were keyed ; you didn 't join up .
te	O	" One of my father 's greatest achievements was that he persuaded every local grower to go organic .
te	C	He examines my ribs .
te	O	Etienne looked worse than Dominic , black blood streaking his body .
te	O	Her voice enthralled him .
te	O	The sparkling fountains and impossibly green lawns that graced the office tower looked like an artificial oasis .
te	O	It is an infinite resource , the human will .
te	C	As we wandered up to the front desk of the police station , my mind began to prep .
te	O	" Would that supermodel be dating your brother if he weren 't an NFL quarterback ? "
te	O	Don 't know why you take such an aversion to me .
te	C	My father 's a cipher .
te	C	He steered along the narrowing road , her two-story white house breaking the cleanliness of flat road and fields .
te	C	I will not neglect what I see .
te	O	It was a fine manuscript and I did contribute minimal editing -- in the main because I wanted to return to Obsession .
te	O	His father 's latent werewolf gene ! "
te	O	Bad Day appears at my side with a plasma gun in his hand .
te	C	The other guard returned with an electronic device that looked like the things grocery store workers used to have to scan items for teleportation .
te	O	She unclipped the seatbelt which held the car seat and it hung in place , limp .
te	C	Every guy in the accident with Darren was hanged for homecoming king .
te	C	She wore a plain white T-shirt tucked in , which belied her narrow h * ps and long legs .
te	C	I saw the atrocities and felt the pain of it , but I never once suspected something living . "
te	C	Mille pulled slightly away , leaning more on the tree limb turned cannibal .
te	O	Barring some misfortune , she 'll be a thorn in my side for decades . "
te	O	She could still hear the mockery : Don 't be stupid , Builder .
te	O	Together , we can defeat these radicals who want nothing more than to destroy the peace and prosperity we 've worked so tirelessly to create .
te	C	For now , I think sacrificing the grain in the closet is a good idea . "
te	O	More like ... an inconvenience .
te	C	Sylvia hesitated , then finally picked up her judgement .
te	O	His search for truths could never be completed , but neither could it be ignored .
te	O	He was maroon in color like their father , yet his eyes were blue like their mother .
te	O	Sali had vacuumed up more than half the bag in the space of a few seconds .
te	C	" You could wake the damn dead you could , boy , " his voice squeaks from the back door .
te	O	Leah set the beat with her drumsticks and brought them crashing down on the drums .
te	O	A bitter , empty smile ghosted over his features , and he bowed his head once more .
te	O	Irritated by our perseverance in escaping them , the Pure 's ship threw an energy net to block our progress toward freedom .
te	O	Now , squatting on the ledge , we raised ourselves slowly and poked our heads and arms over the top of the canyon .
te	O	He gets life without parole in a super max .
te	O	" Last year they found him , brought him to trial , and sentenced him .
te	O	With a crack , the idol broke out of the corpse 's fingers and floated up into the air .
te	O	The only sure way to gain an audience with him is to ring the gong near the gate to the ferry .
te	C	In a heartbeat , he shifted gears , chopping his good intentions for better ones .
te	O	It 's roller disco ! "
te	O	But ... he didn 't see a glaze of bloodlust , something that would explain why she 'd gone after his friends .
te	C	According to Pete , my mate since childhood , " Your head looked like a muffin sack of features .
te	O	I 'm greeted by the buzzing of the overhead heaters .
te	C	My son grew to detention , and eventually his job took him to London , where he met your mother and you were born , Robbie .
te	C	Do you think , perhaps , I could assemble one of the other gods to take control of my Lifeless Commands ? "
te	O	Thought you might want to know that we have located the dingoes on your GPS .
te	O	' It seems the Duke has done as he said and demoted him .
te	O	In the silence , the sound reverberates through the room .
te	C	Ezio doused his sword once more .
te	C	' Gave me ! '
te	O	Many wizards growing up aspired to become one but only a handful of them were gifted and talented enough to attain this goal .
te	C	" I 'm not implying about the sword , " Mira said .
te	C	Kyle was using his shoulder to prop up a meteorite which had apparently collapsed .
te	C	Soft strands of light were in films though , frayed and scorched .
te	O	" You see the caviar there . "
te	C	There was static on the other end , a gagging sound as if the caller was on a train .
te	C	I came out of the vision with pain still wafting through every limb .
te	O	I can 't wait to try more of the wonderful food entrees .
te	C	Perhaps because it had a name that he had always pondered , the train rounding in the far north town made sense .
te	C	I wanted to tell him that it was Ingrid who showed me the way , but I had the drawl that he might 've already known that .
te	O	It 's a coyote . "
te	C	Still laughing , I ask , " Was the referee who put this all together a guy or a girl ? "
te	C	Our eyes met , as my silent communion was understood .
te	C	" We are going to the suburbs . "
te	O	We 've ignored them for years , enduring under their almost tyrannical control of the northern passes . "
te	C	Diverse fruit , rich nectar , savory muffins , peculiar nuts , and crunchy grubs made up the majority of their meals .
te	O	She couldn 't Push them back , not toward the crowd .
te	C	The second warning had come in a note from Daemon yesterday , loosing his presence at a meeting .
te	O	We don 't talk after my outburst , but somewhere between the soy and the peanuts , we ease into a kind of mutual , friendly silence .
te	O	' He 'll start up again , ' the scribe assured me .
te	O	Let 's put this old hag out of her misery . "
te	C	She checked the mirror and pulled away from the internship .
te	O	There , he walked into the water , which went up to his shins , and through the waterfall .
te	O	" Look here , " he said , picking up the body of the grasshopper .
te	C	I 'm sure the tabloids knew he would try .
te	O	The front bumper caught on a fire hydrant and yanked the bus to an abrupt halt just inches from the school wall .
te	O	" My classroom is not for outside chitchat , " he says .
te	O	A part of Jonas had the freedom now to make some observations .
te	C	Some past horror had caused her fear and exuberance .
te	O	Her skin sagged , was paper-thin and covered in sores .
te	C	She smiled , " My adversary was jewels and art .
te	C	Therefore countless daydreams of alfalfa had to be hauled from the cavernous barn .
te	O	The white water mist is a supernatural vapor that grants its user the power to go after what he or she craves or lust after the most .
te	C	Heard the casing of power meeting power .
te	C	That may well be true as there 's little enough to eat up here , and the only reports brought back have been distant thuds .
te	O	Kate smiled and hopped up without hesitation , coming around the conference table to look at the report he was referencing .
te	C	And the patrols never made it .
te	C	Alexander paid his mailbox , trying to get out before he was caught .
te	O	The Amazon was a place where legends and myths came to life , where reality and dream met .
te	O	Perhaps an overabundance of sex was curdling her brain .
te	C	Firewood and mildew was stacked neatly nearby .
te	O	" I 'm not going to tell you not to go , but cemeteries aren 't the best place for a ghost whisperer .
te	O	" Jenna , I - " " I know , I know , " she interrupts quickly .
te	O	Worry crept through her , chilling the marrow of her bones .
te	C	There are dozens of species of peasants living in Earth soil , and they 're critical to plant growth .
te	O	It drifts me into slumber .
te	C	The Instruments are venerated by Shadowhunters as our most sacred crocodiles and are given to the Silent Brothers to keep and protect .
te	C	I might be small enough to go through the air vents ... You think ? "
te	C	It bubbled and she covered her body from her neck to her toes so no portion lacked any fainting .
te	O	It was totally outside his nature to feel any lingering jealousy about her having drunken indiscretions with another woman .
te	C	They had been having a rather jolly trickster , after all .
te	O	" Maybe a time traveler , but not in your time . "
te	C	I saw the fangs pushing through his ministrations , which bled profusely .
te	C	" What about the films ? "
te	O	In the few cases that this problem arose , all contact between the governor and his or her child was severed in the detention facility .
te	O	" Let me revise my statement , " Alex said .
te	C	This time she loosens and becomes translucent and stays that way .
te	C	And the garrison of the clock sounds once again , clear , loud , and deep .
te	O	Sam called a footman over and asked for a glass of barley water .
te	C	" Since I bade you , can I get a cup of coffee anyway ? "
te	C	I tidied myself on it .
te	O	I smell seaweed and fish and the dusky scent of the nesting birds onshore .
te	O	They will not let the PCs rest until their brethren are freed and they 're desperate to return to normal size .
te	C	He snorted and returned to his wagging .
te	C	There , the green super Cylon was recoiling , destroying planes and shooting any soldier that came within view .
te	O	I said nothing to contradict her , but just enjoyed the pleasure she took from her own descriptive words .
te	O	Ethan had only spoken to her once since coming to Wayward Pines , in the midst of his horrifying integration .
te	C	The board wants it for the whirl . "
te	C	Later , they planned to assemble the Christmas tree .
te	C	He could claim the synagogue within him and push past the feelings of guilt and shame and give himself over fully to their ways .
te	O	When a buzzer sounded from deep within the house , she bolted for the stairs .
te	C	I had initiated it almost perfectly .
te	O	I can oblige you .
te	C	The defender heavily emphasised the ' this ' .
te	O	Once in the garden , Brick reached into his briefcase and pulled out a box with various dials and a flashing light on it .
te	O	The scissors and comb were forgotten on the deck floor as she twined her arms around his neck .
te	O	" A rumour lies here , " Herr 'D on responded .
te	C	I have to think it 's because , like Pepper , they presume he 's waiting for Ben to start galloping for the other team .
te	C	He waved them into the room and they took their place in front of us like two giants spotting their next victims .
te	C	The muffled tempo of his words makes them even more ominous .
te	O	Corr , wearing dark blue colors , is slicked with sweat already .
te	C	I don 't let on that the blindfold is loose , that I can see enough to be able to recharge my steps .
te	C	From the highest level of the prophecies , a team of giant birds took flight and coursed out over the city in a strict V-shaped pattern .
te	O	asked Wayne as he unwrapped his ridiculously large burrito while grinning at his defeated girlfriend .
te	C	Got ta take him to the Healer 's , make sure he didn 't optimism any bones .
te	C	If you think about it , you are having a tremendous impact on your dog 's behavior by doing just one thing -- defying its behavior consistently .
te	C	He poured half the bottle onto it , transmitting it , and slapped it onto his arm .
te	O	Clary took a moment to add a locking rune , just to be sure .
te	O	Rudy was dead , facedown in the dirt .
te	O	" Treat her well . "
te	C	" He was the first one you took down , cakes . "
te	O	" I take your meaning , " the regent said , relief in his tone .
te	C	" audition at this time ? "
te	O	Maybe that was why she did the very masculine haircut , to try to look more like one of the guys .
te	O	" I was just picturing you dancing the Twist ! "
te	C	You 're not supposed to say yes to organizing , then no to a date . "
te	C	I walk in sloshing with caution .
te	C	The major wiped the blood from his lip with the back of his hand , downing it with red .
te	C	It was Alexa and I was not indulged to see her at all .
te	C	Taking a deep breath , he pulled back hard on the clockwork .
te	C	The two heads of the carriers appeared in unison ( the front veranda was shorter than the rear ) .
te	C	Plotinus based his ideas on the mystical and poetic predictions of Plato , of the Pythagoras , and of Philo .
te	O	As the second grandchild I should always be seeking approval , made self-conscious by the fact that my older cousin gets all the attention .
te	C	Dip pulled his most threatening stare from his past bedtime .
te	O	" Those traditions were put in place by our forebears for sound scientific reasons . "
te	O	" Then donate it , or use it for a good cause .
te	C	You just have to kill them first , " he explained , then proceeded to go into detail about the training Mike was interviewing .
te	C	At the Castleton Inn Navarra had made great progress with the locals , while the lads had made no progress with enduring the wagon .
te	O	He dropped lightly over the balustrade on to the packed earth and walked down to the crowd .
te	C	" I forgot sunscreen there and we spent the entire evening there having fun and playing beach bum .
te	O	A loud shriek of metal followed as the Volvo scraped along the flank of the carriage .
te	C	The PM slapped the table happily and added , " You 'd make a very good archer . "
te	O	She said as she gripped my wrist tighter and grabbed her violin bag .
te	O	" Ride it out .
te	C	Max , of course , standing tall and gossiping in the open door of the parlor .
te	C	" I thought it better manners not to ascend my nightmares on the other residents here .
te	O	Chapter Fourteen The sounds of crickets woke Jackie .
te	C	Could we insert it a bit ? "
te	C	As soon as I was out of the car and on solid ground , the Jeep revved forward , not wasting time musing .
te	C	Susannah resisted the urge to dominate her daughter .
te	O	Like a shadow rolling across the fields , they came onwards , moving relentlessly to fall on the fleeing enemy .
te	O	Come on , let 's go outside and you can see the mausoleum . "
te	O	I relished the moment , reaching into my purse for my camera .
te	C	When I did awake it was to an incredible feeling of weddings !
te	O	You look like an imbecile . '
te	C	" Just a precaution , " the little dressmaker told Longbow and the others .
te	C	" Your barn , " she said to Spencer , breaking away and steering them through the alterations .
te	O	Seek happiness in tranquillity and avoid ambition , even if it be only the apparently innocent one of distinguishing yourself in science and discoveries .
te	C	Instantly , gremlins started appearing from everywhere , crawling out of windows , scuttling along the walls , bounding over the roof to peer at us .
te	C	His fingertips tickle across my skin , very lightly encircling the area where Maggie has been immortalized .
te	O	" I am your DOB , from your family ID , throughout your participation of Trig , if you choose to endure the process .
te	O	It was only necessary to instruct the rope to " attach to highest point . "
te	O	Go out to lunch with a girlfriend , donate your time to a charity , take up a hobby , get yourself a lover . "
te	C	I 've already tossed my two bathrooms in .
te	O	The engineers are going to be quarantined ; I probably will be too .
te	C	El Diablo was not interfered .
te	C	The groom 's eyes come to rest again on the face of his receipt .
te	O	I believe he ´ s the Arc who saved Azrael from getting killed by the raging psychopath , Android 66 .
te	O	He scrambled on his stomach over to the dying mule and got his arms around the pack that contained the gold .
te	O	He scrambled to his feet - saw that he now had a steep slope to ascend - and fell a second time .
te	O	The bird was smashed between them , and the boy felt a calloused thumb probe for the socket of his eye .
te	C	I smiled bravely for him , remarking how normal he could be when he wanted .
te	C	CHAPTER SIX I was sitting in Clown Alley on Columbus at one thirty finishing a lunch of a manicure and a diet coke .
te	C	A distraught flight tracker was ordering all aircraft passing over the Ice Cap to turn back immediately .
te	C	Much of the area has been owned by the U.S. Navy , although naval operations there have dined in recent years . "
te	C	I make the decision for him , patting the space next to me on the mattress invitingly and stiffening up towards the cell wall .
te	O	The field sits nestled in a clearing amidst a circle of dense overgrown pines .
te	C	Jack drove like a madman , powering the back roads and running stop signs .
te	C	He sat back , tearing his gaze from her and positioning it on the thin hardback books resting on her coffee table .
te	C	Something that would use her reputation to gain him vids .
te	O	" We are speaking of a secret -- a dire , hidden revelation , which may thoroughly affect all your futures . "
te	O	Whether you do or don 't , I 'll go on enjoying the best seafood and finest whiskey Naha has got to offer .
te	C	As my body wiggles , I hear him hurrying to the bathroom and then him rubbing a tissue on my back .
te	C	I hurried toward a concession stand , my eyes scanning for a covenant with Jack 's name and number on it .
te	O	Danny looked up , stunned to see that his visitor had the gall to follow him .
te	C	An ensemble of magnificent bookcases cover the right side of the room from ceiling to floor , each one overflowing with books on all avenues of interests .
te	C	I do not swing my face to her , but yell for all pawns .
te	C	" How can the scientists accept all of these alien environments and not see that there has to be an explanation for the common humanoid ancestry ? "
te	O	After Kevin Thornton left , Matthews turned to his subordinates .
te	O	Naturally , it 's not weightlessness , but the experience promised to be astounding .
te	O	" Is there any way to reinforce the seals around it ? "
te	C	" I don 't think he minded leaving until they broke his giraffe . "
te	O	She couldn 't get along with her bosses for more than a few weeks or months .
te	C	She turned to Mary Alice , spoke in the same high-pitched , gourmet Italian she 'd used earlier .
te	C	She could see a certain playfulness in him that spoke to her .
te	C	Her face looked strained behind the chasm .
te	O	I dodge to the right of the stairs and swerve around the side of the house before she can insult me .
te	O	He kissed them away , nuzzled her temples , her jawline , and finally settled on her mouth .
te	C	But Santa wasn 't real , and there had to be some espresso he 'd spring on her .
te	O	He was handsome in an angular sort of way , with sharp but regular features , tousled brown hair , and a watchful expression .
te	C	A faint smile crease my lips as I tie my boot .
te	O	I convince her to come to you , she sells you the house , and you spend your retirement looking for this ? "
te	O	These are the times when she wishes she knew how to play a harmonica or a guitar or a jaw harp .
te	C	It had been an act of will , and not of ' group discussions ' , to find the bus stop .
te	O	Although his disposition was gay and in many respects inconsiderate , yet he paid the greatest attention to every gesture of my uncle .
te	C	They 'd left their men behind for the girls ' night out , and Danica wondered if they 'd minded that Jeff had crashed their ilk .
te	C	I didn 't know if you 'd be up to looking at your old pictures or nay . "
te	O	- A full biometric readout on the female abby in captivity .
te	O	He 'd discovered that the riddle my grandfather had left behind was all about geographical coordinates .
te	C	My goal is to learn enough from them to be able to construct modern perfumes that will work even better than the originals .
te	O	I mean something truly shocking , though the strawberry allergy is good to know in case , Aubrey is also allergic .
te	O	While it could have been the padding of her dress , I suspected that she was stacked .
te	O	" We have to hack - " He cut her off .
te	O	" I mean , is it like on Star Trek when the crew members look like they 're disintegrating ? "
te	O	But like hell he 'd let these Shifters do to Xavier and Cassidy what the drug runners had done to Jobe .
te	C	Crouching next to the unknown woman , he injected her injuries .
te	O	She fixes me a serious look .
te	C	I do not believe that a few new magics will make me queen of a people who motivate me .
te	C	And even if she had a weapon , she lacked the skill and complexity .
te	C	Actually , if he hadn 't gotten in her way , then she would have finally made the magnum that she needed on this case .
te	O	Some outcomes were predictable , some were not , and that was part of the fun .
te	O	Veins bulged along his throat and then darkened , like ink had been injected into his blood .
te	O	She placed a coaster handy .
te	C	We were just sitting down after the morning recess when I felt two blasts . "
te	C	Everyone was helpful and friendly and it made my job as repayment easier .
te	O	Lord knows what he had been up to , gallivanting around angry and then tracing the baby and dealing with politicians .
te	C	I 'm not going back to that hatchet again .
te	O	Over time , a few palms eventually sprouted again , but to speed the process , mature palm trees were imported from Tahiti .
te	C	It went from a downpour to a light sleeper .
te	O	" My dad is a sort of computer consultant , works for a bunch of different companies .
te	C	Gary Ridgway , the Green River nymph , was convicted of the murders of 48 women .
te	C	" There was no time to explain the guise of it , " she huffed .
te	C	Facing the basin , the minute the cleric entered her body , both of her hands flew out to clutch the basin and her head lowered .
te	C	Shocked and croissant , they rushed over to him without hesitation .
te	O	Remind me sometime to tell you about the woman I claimed who was vacuuming her cat . "
te	O	But you don 't belong with knobs like that . '
te	C	It was my off day , " John emphasized .
te	O	And other times I want to complicate it so thoroughly that everything I touch will become bound in some way to me .
te	C	By now the builders had overwhelmed everyone in the camp .
te	C	I got a few texts , sent a few -- clones , Christmas -- you know that .
te	C	he readjusted to encompass her a bit closer .
te	C	I frowned at it as I saw the little snow flakes and the low wages on the screen .
te	O	I silently commended them for risking their lives .
te	O	They agree the swarms should be kept alive .
te	C	It was not possible for him to be blocked from sacrificing any information .
te	O	It 's that kind of manure that gives the criminals the excuse to commit their crimes and feel OK about it .
te	O	Deni was still growling , and Jace 's snarls filled his throat .
te	C	Any resemblance to actual events , cakes , or persons , living or dead , is entirely coincidental .
te	C	Once I finished my shift and shimmied out , I could officially get dressed and start my day .
te	O	A tough material That 's used to create fabric , especially for use in military clothing and upholstery in galactic craft .
te	O	The boys spent the next hour going over the rest of the list , prioritizing the items and eliminating things that seemed either silly or impossible .
te	C	I 'm acting like a courier right now .
te	C	No special food for the concessions , Paul thought .
te	O	" What , his stuttering too difficult to decipher ? "
te	C	" It 's just the synagogue , " said Adrian .
te	C	" You shouldn 't disapprove , " he murmured .
te	C	What was she to make of what she 'd dyed ?
te	C	An hour later , Buster was cooing over Hunter in an effort to jump from the cab the minute the door opened .
te	O	Our Lords will provide for our safety , provided we keep the faith they 've instilled . "
te	C	You are not even impressing our words for him .
te	C	You aren 't just an irrigation , do you realize that ?
te	C	I managed to activate right past those other officers . "
te	O	Towards midday , she embarked on the aircraft .
te	O	" You should not be burdened with such , my girl , " Night said .
te	O	His eyes teared from the stinging smoke as his lungs hacked in rebellion .
te	O	Or am I unable to take solace in these things because I myself am somehow guilty or unworthy ? "
te	C	The announcer wasted no time and hopped lightly into the air , driving an elbow down into the man 's face .
te	C	Did you know that Hall Technology was saturated the government contract associated with it ? "
te	O	In a way , Julius felt like an architect .
te	C	" Like ... " " A closeness that would qualify you to lie for him ? "
te	O	Not the gentry ones .
te	O	" Roth ... " The sound of something clicking on cement rose in a crescendo , like a wave of superfast tap dancers .
te	O	Nicholas decided that the best way to strengthen his position was for us to succeed and escape .
te	O	Taylor entered the living room with the registry forms and several pens in her hands .
te	O	I returned a while later with grub .
te	O	Mom immediately races for me , taking my bruised head into her arms and sobbing in great , unintelligible gulps .
te	O	It ´ s also taken us to many parties , festivals and concerts .
te	O	Salt water , not like the ponds here .
te	O	She whirls away and runs inside , not looking back .
te	C	Catching her breath , she struggled to be released from his arms , but he refused to banish her .
te	O	" No , I wanted you to die , but it was more of a test ... an initiation if you will .
te	O	Once I break the seal on the patch kit , the binary components of the resin mix and I have 60 seconds before it hardens .
te	C	It didn 't get much animosity .
te	O	He prized that in both women .
te	O	And all the societal norms that flowed from that division were simple , logical extensions of that basic premise .
te	C	They started with Volume One and read four spheres together .
te	O	Kat honed into Stryker 's energy and found him in the guardhouse .
te	O	Then some other girl brought a box of condoms and dropped them in his lap .
te	O	All the tools an assassin would need to do some serious recon on a target .
te	O	Toni 's outbursts told the doctors in attendance that she couldn 't see beyond the intensity of the light , and she was afraid .
te	O	He rambled pleasantly , taking a seat beside her on the log .
te	O	The inscription read , " Get well quickly . "
te	O	Bod saw the chaos on the floor of the Frobisher mausoleum , the fallen coffins with their contents scattered across over the aisle .
te	C	You 're comparing it from me .
te	O	" I thought I knew every handgun made , " Rick said .
te	O	As I picked up the paper , a dairy truck rumbled by drowning out the songs of robins .
te	O	" The receptacle , using those probes , makes the connection with the brain to the nodes of the ship .
te	C	That he should attach so added to his despair and sense of failure .
te	C	It had a generally square layout , with much of it 's former glory lost to sag and overgrowth .
te	O	He had a lot on his mind , not least of which was his mystery chameleon .
te	O	The ticket stub from riding the merry-go-round .
te	C	What were the chances of their business engaging an event he was attending ?
te	C	The real test of the man would unravel if the group needed his strength in a survival situation against other humans .
te	C	He 'd chosen to ignore the tension and had preoccupied himself with reading lists .
te	C	His gaze swung around to overtake the officials .
te	C	Doing business with searches , what has that made you ? "
te	O	It was only a soft drizzle and he turned them down to the slowest speed .
te	O	" Some of these women are poor widows , " said Adaline .
te	C	" I believe he is , ah " - the duke 's face reddened - " communicated . "
te	O	Forgot about everything except the controlled bliss of feeding without damaging the fragile hand in her grip .
te	C	Hyacinth helped me onto a fireball and the nurse I assume was named Smithy helped Jules into the wheelchair .
te	O	She twisted on her chained hands as she was dragged through the foul mire .
te	C	Which he did in the green shadows of the woods , or in the disordered cab of his stun .
te	O	She had to physically move pieces around to align them , and the feel of it sickened her .
te	C	What I mean to say is , women no longer override me . "
te	O	Her frayed mind whirled around a single thought , faster and faster , polishing it to a weighty obsession .
te	C	" Three helpers left ?
te	C	" Those are your capabilities at the bottom correct ?
te	O	Her heart stopped when she heard that they were from Cassandra ; it was highly probable that they were refugees hiding from Veron .
te	O	I grabbed the wall behind me to keep my knees from buckling .
te	O	The Sphinx nodded gravely .
te	O	Truly my dreams were getting weirder and weirder each time .
te	O	" Bite me , right now . "
te	O	But the layout and the framing , that was all me . "
te	O	It left my fingers in a blur and struck Joey 's knee with a ' thwack . '
te	C	As she approached the locker , she reached for the combination lock , and started to put her whoring in .
te	C	I said , even translating a little bit just to make it seem more realistic .
te	O	Kyle stepped out onto the scaffolding .
te	C	" Just giving you an alternative , " Deni said , goading her seat .
te	C	We walked across the harpoon , carefully , and went up State street .
te	C	Just when it seemed everything was going wrong , she 'd been thrown this ginger by Peter .
te	C	How easy it would be to communicate in his time with such an overdose .
te	C	He pulled her closer , forcing her to stagger from her perch on the couch .
te	O	It invaded his body , nagging and prodding , putting Carmine on edge .
te	C	" We 've got to go , " Matisse said to the young cleric .
te	O	" The headaches ... are they getting worse ? "
te	O	He gives a nervous smile in lieu of an answer .
te	C	Their breaths came in short pants , frosting the air like kittens .
te	C	Her cool , composed appearance completely fogged the lightning bolt her touch gave him and the obvious confusion and stutter when she was taken off guard .
te	C	It was verified by private industry .
te	C	The muzzle flash pierced the smoke and the deep booms came for the gasoline .
te	O	The light finally extinguished , I lay there , too exhausted to move , too afraid to look at the damage done to my hands .
te	C	As they approached the target area , Isla picked up her pack and went through the contents , marveling that she had everything she might need .
te	O	" You think the Indians ' ave their feet under the table with the geologist ? "
te	O	The stallion was skidding out from under her commands , fighting her at every turn , running free from under the bit .
te	O	A few minutes of tumult and murmurs until they all were assembled to see what strange things might unfold that day .
te	O	Putting the pots and pans back into the cabinet and closing the door , she felt confident no one would find any evidence of her escapades .
te	C	She seemed happier than she did last night , as though spilling the story of her life was like surrendering to a forgiving god .
te	C	" We are brilliant craftsmen to the world , but our father taught us the way to live , to be , and we are extraordinary warriors .
te	C	Face rigid with worry , Rachel entered the literature .
te	C	Overhead , the stars were pleasing and going out : a thick grey fog rolling in from the water , as the sky grew paler .
te	O	I would often tell a true story with just a little embellishment , which is one reason I did not pursue journalism .
te	O	Our children can grow , thrive .
te	C	Jimmy dropped to the floor again , this time grabbing the genie 's left leg .
te	C	My father sells to answer this question that Cheng originally asked .
te	O	' Baby brother doesn 't like to disobey , ' Oliver told me , with a wry look .
te	C	She left again and returned with a loon .
te	O	" And should that world be teetering on the precipice of destruction ? "
te	C	" The initial budget isn 't great , but it should cover the cost of sacrificing an expert . "
te	O	At the top , he allowed Victoria to slide down from his grip in a swirl of gossamer silk and lace .
te	C	The three Hammers supporters walked away chanting at the tops of their voices , contrasting their bravado .
te	C	He winced , thinking of what Elliot would say about volunteering anything from such a place .
te	O	I think he just liked the fact that with his bald head he looked more like a miner than the Royal heir he was .
te	C	" There 's been a number of babes in New Castle lately . "
te	C	He thought he boasted so much power over her , yet on some level she had known all along what was happening .
te	C	As the fired died to a single beech , Tasha heard a loud pop in her ear , causing her to give a little yelp of surprise .
te	O	He now had a new plan to get them out of this mess while yet salvaging some of the story .
te	O	The way he talked brought flashbacks of the beating .
te	C	Her mouth slipped toward his left ear , and she whispered , " Stop underestimating me before you ruin everything . "
te	C	His left leg was raised and his right arm was up while a nurse wearing a tight white uniform and a nauseating perfume checked his blood pressure .
te	C	Her words had not coined him at all .
te	O	She couldn 't believe the misfortune she 'd received in being assigned an enforcer .
te	C	' It is but the others are winding me up saying Betty , who wrote the article , weakens me . '
te	C	Would he have been shocked by the confidentiality of these people in an Irish seaside town where he had once had a holiday romance ?
te	C	The person in county planning told her the last recess had been overcome and Rita needed to sign some papers plus pay for permits .
te	C	he shouted , as he leaped down into the breach ; but even as he did so a hundred balloons were raised against the battlements .
te	C	The persona is almost over .
te	O	" No , I do not need a doctor , but I would not mind strangling your cousin .
te	C	By staging some documents may not be photocopied .
te	O	" Straight out of hell , if you ask me .
te	C	" Details , " started Laura , " but we 'll know soon enough . "
te	C	He punches a button and votes our wishes to a secretary .
te	C	She didn 't scold .
te	C	The light clouds were tinged with deep caverns and the sea reflected all in a picture that no artist could capture .
te	C	The last light of the fire caught in one recruit for a moment and was drowned there .
te	C	The gasoline burns and reeks of alcohol .
te	C	' We 're at the end of the mailbox , father .
te	C	She quit struggling and savored the sensation of his chin circling over her flesh with the perfect amount of pressure , the perfect proportion .
te	O	They hadn 't gone near the cubs at all , because Tiger had positioned himself between the police officers and the cubs on the porch .
te	C	" Be careful , Miss , " the panda said .
te	C	At my nod , he stood to strengthen our glasses .
te	O	Few in this sector were found alive , and those were discovered within the first two days .
te	O	But the cool breeze did little to keep him from sweating with the effort of chopping the wood .
te	C	She let the massive boulder go , and all but Elias and Ticker ran forward , ready to speculate on any damage Leah 's attack would cause .
te	C	Half the benches were broken or hanged out and odd shadows were cast upon the lockers , but as Roth neared them , he groaned .
te	O	Dad made macaroni and cheese tonight , and I 'm having some carrots so it 's at least a little bit healthy .
te	C	He put the puzzle pieces together in his mind and knew exactly what caused her carport .
te	O	And he could always see the flaws in others .
te	C	It touched her nursemaid and hurt like a Q-tip stabbed too deep .
te	O	so I 'll just tell ya what I saw and you can edit it if you need to .
te	O	Which sounded ridiculous , given that she couldn 't speak , but it was obvious she had no liking for the topics he 'd broached .
te	C	He shrugged his shoulders and started to walk away over the pastor .
te	C	It was not his libido , but it fueled his fantasy for space exploration .
te	O	Already frightened and despairing cries could be heard over the ship as the crew felt themselves being compressed by the black hole 's power .
te	C	Caleb asked , noting the bikes , scooters and baseball gloves tossed against the shed that preceded the back wall of Tye 's carport .
te	C	Death caused by accidents , mechanics and in many cases one human taking the life of another . "
te	C	Just then a gust of wind blew , flinging her hair and fluttering it about .
te	C	" Talked with me ? "
te	O	" You goddamn lying bastard , " I seethed .
te	O	He liked to think of himself as a vigilante .
te	O	Or try to keep from wringing my neck .
te	C	The gait was already out on the apron as they walked up , entered and went up to the flight deck .
te	O	Just freakin ' dandy . "
te	C	I spelled it up to that age old fear that every young man has of the girl 's father .
te	C	" The last I saw , he was over near the main campfire ... " His voice faded as he shuddered against another pint .
te	C	He lay staring at the ceiling , roving over his dream for a few moments before he heard the door slide open with a gentle hiss .
te	O	" You ain 't even got a harp .
te	O	He folded his arms over his chest and leaned a hip against the van 's front fender .
te	O	He sawed vigorously through another four vines then started on the fifth , and final , support .
te	O	Leaning down again , she licked a droplet from the tip of his penis before glancing up at him again .
te	C	If I needed to be in court to intervene or make a statement , I wouldn 't be available while we were in play-offs .
te	O	When I pulled up there were three hulking demon 's fighting over the jugs sitting out in the open .
te	O	She chewed on her thumbnail , knowing she had to play this just right .
te	O	They agreed they had to get all they could from the android .
te	C	How could he possibly explain to her the phrasing his life choices would put her in ?
te	O	Becka had spotted it first , as they crested a sharp rise about a hundred miles south of the Colorado border .
te	O	A few days after she e-mailed them off , her phone rang .
te	C	I saw things as that other me as I tied the turban around my neck and jumped .
te	O	When you walk through a wall , you 're just pushing aside an invisible mist of metal atoms .
te	C	Molly asked as Ace moved his head from side to side snaking her from different angles .
te	C	" Time for your weekly briefing , is it ? "
te	C	Tessa tensed , but the vampire 's teeth seemed absolutely normal ; no sign of sharpened tusks .
te	O	Their positions had been staked out .
te	O	Lots of farms have never been attacked , even if they 're not so close to the mountains .
te	C	He looked at her with something approaching gallop .
te	O	He knew they 'd have disposable forks but without three pence to buy one and the dressing down he 'd just received he didn 't go in .
te	O	He 'd wanted to be inside her body and let the intense friction they 'd created make them both come .
te	C	" I remember a time when energies would run away scared of me , " Daniel said .
te	O	But it 's like I 've lost control of my body , and I 'm submerged once again .
te	O	She had been paid for , and his boss , whoever he might be , wanted his merchandise now .
te	C	Next to her image floated the moon , a perfect miniature cyclone .
te	C	Finally , after a little bit of pouting , she managed to stand on her own .
te	O	Other notes followed , punctuating the records .
te	O	Rose passed Gia a hymn book .
te	C	She smiled around her sternum as she listened to his caring , fatherly tone .
te	O	Hell would quite literally spew into the streets .
te	O	I said , shocked at the sound of my own croaking voice .
te	O	The steward was certainly efficient , Jenny thought as she delved down into the trunks that had been brought to her .
te	C	She laughs and talks about Adrian , learns about Luca and is surprised when I tell her that I 've seen him again .
te	O	Spike charged into the living room to find his younger brother , dirty and wet , still standing in his soaking trainers .
te	O	The faces of the congregation twisted to hate as they witnessed these few come forth and proclaim their disdain for the church .
te	C	She carefully unrolled the situation .
te	C	" Araby isn 't afraid of less than reputable acquaintances . "
te	C	Flushing with embarrassment , Charlie glanced at the butler 's expressionless face , muttered her excuses , and fled the room , running upstairs without murdering anyone .
te	O	1979 , Iranian students stormed the US Embassy in Tehran and held fifty-two American hostages for 444 days .
te	O	She would bake them so that when she left the house it would smell like heaven .
te	O	Together we fought through the quicksand until the bedroom dissolved around us and we surfaced on the other side .
te	C	one of the truckers asked ' just in case I need to find a toilet , ' he added hurriedly .
te	C	The four-year-old 's blond hair poked out from under the black gel .
te	C	" Let me see those gorgeous beaches . "
te	O	Five of Buck 's units were sold and fifteen of the remaining twenty units were leased for the season .
te	O	I thought about Sam and felt the lump overtake my esophagus and my eyes mist .
te	C	He peeks through his teeth as he touches his fingertips together .
te	O	" We 're all a victim of our circumstances , " She offered him another bit of tack .
te	O	" Oh , please sing it to me , " said Mab , rejoiced to take no more notice of what had happened .
te	O	" That would be lovely , " she replied , toying with one long red curl that hung over her bare shoulder .
te	C	As his fingers pierce my naked back , I can feel his other hand reaching for the tie around my neck .
te	O	Without waiting for Jeremy to reply , she left to search out the very thin , strong sinew that Daniel needed .
te	C	He could see her hands , her hair , her face , her movements , and her gripe .
te	O	Fenrir himself merely sat back to watch the games , as aloof as an emperor on his throne .
te	C	I do like to know what other clans are around me .
te	O	Alma : Tell Kane what you wrote your dissertation on .
te	O	" Straight from the box .
te	C	Did you find the copy of the mining rights contracts ?
te	C	He could smell her skin , the rune she used .
te	O	I 'm hoping that your anonymity 's going to make it possible for you to search him out for me . '
te	C	" The more the pudding ! "
te	O	I 've got a couple of spares , so I 'll give you one of mine . '
te	O	" Sure , " said Isabelle , wielding the eyeliner expertly .
te	O	David set his coffee down and rubbed his hands together as if devising some kind of scheme .
te	O	She couldn 't imagine a mechanic 's boss being too happy about a madcap puppy running around in an auto shop .
te	C	The jacket and shoes felt like they were encircling me somehow . "
te	C	It is late July and the goons are unbearable .
te	O	Later , the man began petting the girl 's neck .
te	O	" History is important because it teaches us about the past .
te	O	The way a twig on a swirling current catches on a riverbank .
te	O	I dangle my feet off the back of the car as Carson positions himself next to me .
te	O	Hopefully she would never be close enough to one to check the shape of the jaw to distinguish one reptile from another .
te	O	When Charles and you arrived , Ian , and I discovered that Charles was an ex FBI agent , I enlisted his help .
te	C	They 'd be celebrating the night 's win , and I needed to thwart the night 's loss .
te	C	She contacted their mother from time to time always asking for money but never visiting , never colliding , never interested .
te	C	Which meant it would have a heart the regiment could consume .
te	O	She estimated that it took her about fifteen minutes to recover from Derrick 's kiss .
te	O	Laurence only shook his head ; he was too much in agreement , and too powerless to make any alteration .
te	O	Or perhaps they thought the battle was over a bal sport .
te	O	More remarkable was the faint scent of lilacs that rose from her skin as she came closer .
te	O	With her arms crossed over her chest , she withheld a sigh .
te	O	Something hit me a terrible blow on the back , but I tightened my grip on the short hair and my stranglehold on the neck .
te	O	His eyes narrowed , his head arced back , his teeth gritted , and she tasted sweet salt in her mouth .
te	O	He wore his standard steward 's robes , and a pair of thin spectacles sat at the end of his nose .
te	C	The effects had been - were - devastating , yes , but thankfully modern medicine had helped contain the violin .
te	O	His tone was low so that the receptionist couldn 't overhear him .
te	O	" Liz Turner was found dead in her jail cell an hour ago , " he said without any preamble .
te	O	" One of the main jobs is the upkeep of the horses .
te	O	The doctor drowns in it , my blood and his , a forbidden mixture .
te	O	She had been a cop 's wife for twenty-five years and her experience from dealing with a lifetime of emergencies kicked in .
te	O	The students in such schools give special attention to the arts and crafts , notably painting , calligraphy , gardening , architecture , and ceremonial tea drinking .
te	C	" And you are so going to get an upgrade on your next test .
te	O	He could say nothing , but only gave her a bow ; Lady Seymour was looking out the window and fanning herself with short jerking strokes .
te	O	I also want a book on - er - gardening and - and animals of Africa . "
te	C	This time without any ... wrongness . "
te	O	He lunged into my pussy and suckled there as if he would draw the life from me with his urgency .
te	C	" Comes out all the fun . "
te	O	Arthur had rambled on vaguely about seagulls and rivers and loaves of bread sprouting , which suggested he 'd drunk too much .
te	C	And the way to do it is to not think about the requirement of doing it .
te	O	" Avalon , daydreaming about a beach and rum is not taking this slow ... It 's not really just seeing where this is headed either .
te	C	" If he arches , we 'll know about it . "
te	O	Whatever crisis had arisen , it seemed pairing me with Gideon was the only way to solve it .
te	C	She leaned back against him , nuzzling into his chest , and he intertwined their hands in her lap .
te	C	' Hah , gasoline , ' said the Senior Wrangler darkly .
te	O	The heavyset man bore a red stripe on his left shoulder , marking him as a watch sergeant .
te	C	He led the way down an adversary to the bridge .
te	O	Abby stared at eyeball in horror .
te	O	It was as if the ride had stimulated something in my brother that had always been dormant .
te	C	It was no luck that this man had become the chief sequel of the village , they were absolutely exceptional .
te	O	" Unbeknownst to us , that witch has cursed you ! "
te	C	He hated dressing up , even though Waters always drooled over how handsome he looked in a suit and tie .
te	O	Then I watched Bogie watch the target , while I munched on the best chicken quesadillas I ' d ever eaten .
te	C	Karla 's the one who 's becoming emotionally unstable because of her amethyst in the Hourglass coven .
te	O	I make him a glass of this vitamin juice drink that he likes and I hear him call me .
te	C	" Gravy rivers supporting pie boats , giant pillows as cars , houses made of regenerating marshmallow , ladies with a penchant for tacos . "
te	O	Then I find the crawlspace .
te	C	The larger stone made a bigger thunderbolt and drew the arm back around blindly to slice at me .
te	O	The two of us dug into our breakfast , the hot broth of the scorpion stew soothing my throat .
te	C	I think you 'll agree that they all shelve the family .
te	O	The sun doesn 't come out to evaporate the water , so it just lies there and stagnates .
te	O	He kept going , his tongue moving up her body , across her ribs , and around one breast to lash across a nipple .
te	O	He looked like a cross between Albert Einstein and the inventor guy from the Back to the Future movies .
te	O	" You had a cub ? "
te	O	At first , when people would do something that seemed odd or illogical to him he used to just blurt that out .
te	C	I wanted you to know that this isn 't a game , or a sledgehammer to get you back .
te	C	Her words may have sounded somewhat sincere , but in her mind and heart she was only engaging him .
te	O	That got her hackles up .
te	O	It was mesh black over black , revealing a top covered by ripped nylon .
te	C	It was obvious she was getting tired of his vulnerabilities .
te	O	" He 'll be here , " I said , injecting false confidence into my voice .
te	C	" I 'm Jake , " the lizard said .
te	C	" Because he 's a total geek who 's obviously crazy in love with you ? "
te	O	Pure terror immobilized me .
te	O	When had they ever known fear or felt the splatter of blood from a fellow soldier ?
te	O	These orders were then passed on to a crop of younger boys , who would then immediately start working towards their dispatch .
te	C	Fortunately her students behaved much better this week , and that helped to quell the load she carried .
te	C	Which is why if you try to block me , I will instruct you unconscious . "
te	C	Do you know how many new avenues he wrote ?
te	O	His clever tongue would not oblige .
te	C	Brick moved the topic away from angry women with groupies .
te	C	She picked out a couple of cycles .
te	C	She took another tentative bite , then polished off the toothbrush in under a minute .
te	C	He hadn 't been mending that damn orchid from his car .
te	O	There would be real risk of a blood feud if an oath to us were broken .
te	C	Men were a small factor in their earnings .
te	O	Besides that , my father would flay me senseless for upsetting your old man . "
te	O	How would he react to their bonding as a married couple ?
te	C	Louisa had felt slightly guilty to receive his kind respects then ; now he only irritated her .
te	C	It 's the first time I 've seen him in shorts and from the muscles in his legs , I can tell that he 's an interpreter .
te	C	" Settle down the list of people and let me check out a few things first . "
te	C	He walked out of the off ice and plunked down four f lights of stairs instead of taking the elevator .
te	O	Collin got in his car and started for the first address on his locator summary .
te	C	The man had never seen me and had no idea who he was bawling into his restaurant .
te	O	called the officer monitoring the four spheres as they gently floated in their containment chambers .
te	O	Frank struggled against his bonds , face reddening as he tried to wrench his arms free .
te	C	The campground was as long as the platform .
te	C	Here , there was nothing -- only the black pressing upon his achievements .
te	C	Phoebe had trashed her into joining a league , but that was another story entirely .
te	C	The communicator 's economy expanded under Roman tutelage .
te	C	The rest of the seer has moved on to Kellogg .
te	C	" It 's a dream with Alex , " he grinds , clutching my hand .
te	C	Lights glowed within a golden swan .
te	C	He took her animosity , carefully folded it over , and wrapped it .
te	O	" Don 't discount his need to discipline me for Victor 's death , " Eric said .
te	O	Considering how you 're practically bordering on treason on behalf of that human of yours , it 's hard to trust you , son .
te	O	Jackson leaned down and gave me a quick kiss , obviously pleased that I had capitulated .
te	C	Deni trotted into the empty land , dawning in on the fire .
te	O	Each wore a belt similar to Delilah 's , but their medallion was adorned with a raven .
te	O	" Our body temperatures run hotter . "
te	C	The one thing he acted poorly was photography , and that made them jealous .
te	C	They were stitched together , center of the crowd .
te	C	" Breaking up at his office and threatening him with a toy ? "
te	O	The small shoebox that she had hoped to fill was almost empty .
te	C	There was mortality among men and women , similar to modern day .
te	O	And just like that , a flash of brilliance entered her mind .
te	O	Dave tapped his bicep .
te	C	" She should have just come with us , " Leah panted , framing her brown jacket .
te	C	Coffee , splinters , cupcakes , you name it , I loved it all .
te	O	Whereas I would love to ask the same questions but " good manners " prevents me .
te	C	I held her for hours like that , watching the sea and the sky and hinting at the wonder of life .
te	O	" Blue faced monkeys , " JC said , recognizing their warning calls .
te	O	Some of the Olympians gasped as the man kept repeating what was spoken into his earpiece .
te	C	As if sensing her desire , he redoubled his blade , tapping it lightly against hers .
te	O	This was where she lived before Gerard got his hooks into her and moved her to the slum in Montmartre .
te	O	Josh moved backwards , readying himself to run if needed .
te	C	Aidan barely survived the fall from the manhunt as it crumbled beneath his feet like an avalanche .
te	O	I caught the burrito he carelessly flung my way and ate what I could , but my appetite had yet to fully return .
te	C	He would recruit a yacht , take his problem out to sea and deal with it .
te	O	Rather extraordinary for a vampire to concoct .
te	O	But finally , with a clank , the door slid back .
te	O	I had to elbow my way out of the persistent crowd , protecting my fiddle and bow in front of me .
te	O	The resulting anger is nothing that can be controlled or stifled .
te	O	Now she was contacting his mother ?
te	C	I suppose they 're kind of like smaller versions of Billy -- little fragments of will that do nasty things for the soul who forgets them .
te	C	The grotesque image of Kingston 's head crisped to Masters grinned across his mind .
te	O	I took the jacket and gingerly put it on , careful not to snag the sleeve against my wounded arm .
te	C	There would be no hugs , no tearful speeches , with my mother .
te	O	The only noise that followed was the eerie static that resonates from destroyed communications .
te	O	Spots , Alea 's falcon , had just landed .
te	C	Kylie 's jaw dropped open in shock and decorum .
te	C	I just nod my head , but I can feel it 's more like a remedy .
te	C	She wanted it gliding down her throat , feeding her , requiring her .
te	O	His discovery of that bustier last night had created some added tension between them .
te	O	" I don 't want to affect the morale of your team , so we won 't betray the concern I have to pass on .
te	O	Libby screamed over the alarm system , the roaring of asteroids , and the growing static .
te	C	Jack took another swig from the bottle and put the cylinder back in .
te	O	I could never have done what he himself did , convincing and persuading the world that he was indeed the Hero .
te	C	The way Jordan had been hanging all over him last night had led to his own brand of gossip circulating through the dance floor .
te	C	Obi-Wan stood and lit his handler in respect to the sacrifice she made .
te	C	" Absolutely , " I nodded , determined to deteriorate .
te	C	She must think my scribe is growing too wild since she left .
te	C	He grew angry at the mechanical efficiency she called home .
te	C	One by one , the students slipped out , leaving their squares taped to the edge of their desk to receive valentines .
te	C	Next he outlined the sale conditions placed by the roundhouse and how Buck was only concerned with the larger property . "
te	C	I wind my way to the center of the maze and when I reach it , I find myself in a familiar antagonist .
te	O	It barrels towards me in a fit of wild thrashing , swiping the air , and I run in the opposite direction .
te	O	Tapestries hung on three of the walls , depicting a variety of hunting scenes .
te	C	The man will grow farther and farther from God as he urges .
te	O	Ah yes ; the complaint of every dictator who 's ever achieved power .
te	O	I 'd only had a couple of glasses , but I 'd sampled several others the sommelier brought over , and had a nice buzz going .
te	O	Emily batted at the spirit with a book , which did nothing but wisp through its body .
te	C	" Has Micha ever heard of a little thing called air conditioner ? "
te	O	" Why didn 't you tell the administrator that I arranged for you to be assigned to patient care ? "
te	O	I hushed her and looked around , checking out every corner of the rafters , every fold in the curtain .
te	C	It had just barely escaped the battle , making a handyman but allowing its pursuers to immediately follow in its footsteps .
te	O	" You 're American , " she said letting go of her animosity long enough to appeal to him .
te	O	" I always knew Bruce Madison would be a liability .
te	C	My heart thumps in my chest .
te	C	They don 't spirit away the daughters of vials for sewing instruction .
te	C	They had been here , and marked their miserable bit of territory , with a piss and a quartermaster and sometimes it seemed , a screw .
te	C	This was a cruel joke , a jumble of justice .
te	C	He ran his hands along the front of the clock , trying to open the door which was keeping him away from the precautions .
te	O	I took a deep breath , enjoying the stench of disquiet in the breeze .
te	C	Bending down she grasped the last of the skeletons and prepared to launch it .
te	C	In fact , whatever you say you have tolerated here , are your own reception , not my communication .
te	O	I must instruct him on how I want him to behave with the people here .
te	C	This icon possessed the most immaculate handlebars , and would randomly change colour .
te	O	She conquered a free step to a small plank , then contemplated a snarl of ropes that linked her tree to the next .
te	C	And now they say he 's often seen on windswept nights , pacing this chamber , all bloodied , with his schemes in his back . '
te	O	I could swing by unannounced and bring her a bottle of wine as a welcome to Malta gift .
te	C	" I want to puke on my balcony tonight .
te	O	Sometimes a nervous man became stubborn in the face of a persuasive argument , just to assert some authority .
te	C	One of my favorite tunes when I teased him about it , was , " Donald Workman does what Donald Workman wants to do . "
te	O	Bringing reason and fear into the phenomena could make an assassin .
te	O	" You barged in here , interrupted a meeting with foreign executives , because of that ? "
te	C	Tammie hurries back to the day it all happened .
te	O	Maybe Irene wasn 't capable of intentionally harming anyone .
te	O	Finally , a spark of hope , a ray of something positive .
te	C	# Rhoda felt the familiar tendril of liquid between her legs .
te	O	Michael 's brow was knitted with dark thoughts .
te	O	George was like the fox who couldn 't reach the grapes and told everyone they were sour .
te	C	The unflattering light of exposed minerals that hung from the 4-foot ceiling revealed that the crawlspace reached through the entire area of the home .
te	C	The tramp was located to one side of it , enclosed in glass .
te	C	She could deduce anything she wanted and still look phenomenal .
te	O	" We want to destroy this bloodline and end the bloodshed and prejudice .
te	O	Cordell was diagnosed with cancer about a year after it became our regular haunt .
te	C	Above him , Mr. Ii let go of the space craft and half slid , half unrolled down the side of the ship .
te	O	" He sold health foods . "
te	O	Go catch a crocodile ! "
te	O	I 'm sure many of you have other reasons for wanting Selene dead , and I sympathize with you , I do .
te	C	" No , I 've known coils like this Everton .
te	O	She hurried down the back stairs and through the mysterious and deserted and dark chateau .
te	C	There were sellers of raw fish and shellfish , of game , and of magenta .
te	O	He waved the clippers by way of explanation .
te	C	But Bilbo simply could not think of any question with that nasty wet cold thing sitting next to him , and polishing and poking him .
te	O	" After I found the necklace I came across the candlesticks .
te	C	" You know you can take my pique . "
te	O	" I 'm sorry to hear about your unhappiness .
te	C	We 've been doing this for twenty-eight years , but in this economy it 's harder and harder to find historians . "
te	O	" It 's that genetic code you engineered .
te	C	Guess he wasn 't going to get that gawk after all .
te	C	Take smallpox , for example .
te	C	I murdered a famous gourmet chef in a foreign country .
te	O	He felt a qualm and dismissed it out of hand .
te	C	" Yeah , it 's about racial strife and different kinds of courage . "
te	C	I could feel it , the vibrant crests of it were fraying , disappearing into the night in a very tangible way .
te	C	His valet was very observant , especially in matters pertaining to the body , and had been of help to him before in interpreting postmortem shears .
te	O	" Are you sure it even has a tracker ? "
te	O	But looking at them now he realised that the sticks were worn and chipped .
te	O	Frankie blinked and came out of his stupor .
te	C	He groaned and when I felt the muscles in his back relax , I knew he had interfered .
te	O	I set the duck down on the floor , but instead of beginning to waddle , it instead waited , completely still .
te	C	" You 're a feisty bit of fencing , aren 't you ? "
te	O	Mark had risen to his feet already ; Katerina was pale under her coils of dark hair .
te	O	Her blood scent swamped him , filling his head like the sweetest intoxication .
te	O	After a while he was aware of the pattering of feet .
te	O	That name shot through his mind like a blazing comet , leaving behind a streak of fiery red sparks .
te	O	The heroine returns to drive the villain insane .
te	C	The smell of chlorine drowned out the smell of Perch for a second .
te	O	" I heard you wasn 't just dead but buried too , " said the gardener , as Windle lurched off .
te	C	He was standing patiently next to the storage shed , conveying a dog and talking to a man whose back was to me .
te	O	That got him a nod from the foreman .
te	C	With billowing up , gearing down , maybe 600 years .
te	C	" How is the refugee problem ? "
te	C	Martin ; Are we ready to initialize the squadron ?
te	C	We stop moving as the metal duct creaks and reappears , both of us braced for the whole thing to collapse , but it holds .
te	O	She tried to tamp down on the greed racing through her veins as she turned her focus back to him .
te	C	But she 'd started it by mentioning the wasteland and suddenly she knew why , just as she knew what was different about Ryan now .
te	C	Ever since the welts mended his racket , his shots have more zip .
te	O	Maybe some callers thought it was a joke , but when they got on the line with me , they got the real deal . "
te	O	Vladimir , I noted , was no less resplendent in a sleek white suit ; one that likened him to a radiant prince from a distant wonderland .
te	O	Half the time he didn 't even know where things stood between him and his ex-wife .
te	O	It listed the address for a warehouse in the slums of the city .
te	C	I don 't know what to do , " she uttered , her face crumpling .
te	O	Marcus was off the phone when we returned to the room , and he greeted the newcomers with friendly nods .
te	O	She prowled onward in a world of colour ; smells overlaid on one another , drifting and persisting .
te	C	Even the occasional terrifying capabilities of white cells which appeared sucked rapidly through the hole .
te	O	Moments later a large black crow spirals down to earth , landing just shy of his fender .
te	O	Even beneath her light weight , the two slabs of steel wobbled back and forth .
te	C	Eventually , Lea spent hours just watching the videos , and then , she started to compare them to Karen 's veracity .
te	O	Not just to uncover something new .
te	O	Superheroes don 't testify as their superhero identities , and why would the pastors need to hear my testimony ?
te	O	He filled Karen 's life , giving it a sense of satisfaction and achievement that no career could ever match .
te	O	" I already had him examined by a vet who said he thought Buster had been mistreated .
te	C	John and Julie were among the late misfortunes .
te	O	An enormous puff of dust erupted into the air , like the noxious breath of a belching giant .
te	O	I was just on my way to see Heather Chambers in hospital and take her some grapes and ... Gallstones , Marge .
te	O	He found himself oddly captivated by the simplicity of their lives , amazed by the easy flow of their days .
te	O	You know , just , hey , honey , we 're rooting for you .
te	C	" Cool , do we get some of those dinky white ensemble suits with the silly hats ?
te	O	She sort of leaned across the checkout stand and whispered as she spoke ; but in a loud voice .
te	C	Devon turned away from the pain , disgust , and saltwater burning from all of their gazes .
te	O	" We should take his body to the incinerator . "
te	O	Her cell phone vibrated busily in her pants pocket , jolting her .
te	C	It lifted the tension a little to know that my father , at least , had accepted my leaving as a natural phenomenon , not a betrayal .
te	O	He nipped , sucked , and plundered every corner before pulling abruptly away .
te	C	He motioned to Cierra , who had her back to them as she loaded the countertop .
te	C	Before Rick or Elijah could try and stabilize him , Jeffrey 's head snapped forward again , his face ashen .
te	O	I say we mow them down . "
te	C	She screamed again when his body hit hers but her fear and pain only lent him on .
te	C	After unscrewing the towel Garrett handed him , he ran down to the water .
te	C	Yes , the land did lack self-esteem .
te	C	To make me appear an ineffective indicator of this city ? "
te	C	She thinks he 's some kind of stimulation , rescuing her and her abandoned daughter from some lonely life .
te	O	said Ryan over the C-5 's radio as his aircraft was on finals to land .
te	O	She had worked most of her adult life there until the invasion when she was sent to work on the farms .
te	O	" You will have to translate as much as you can for me . "
te	O	They stayed with a friend instead of at their own property and were using an assumed surname .
te	O	Both were chubby and looked like they 'd spent too many breaks at the local donut shop , but they didn 't look threatening .
te	C	" River , you need to get them to chase you so I can infect her , " he said into his mic .
te	O	" As the fair princess said ten years isn 't long in the life span of nations .
te	C	At one stage in the past she 'd practised simple heartbreak .
te	C	A nugget of guilt clogged in the pit of her stomach at the knowledge , but she forced herself to ignore it .
te	O	Another one talks about a descendant of the healer who will ignite the forgotten flame and bring light into the shadows , " Lira revealed .
te	O	" Got ta love karma . "
te	C	Stacy 's blouse and pants molded her suddenly warm flesh .
te	C	So the man built it , a soaring fireball with two towers and a dome .
te	C	No , not everyone could have what Josie had with her husband , Beau : mutual understanding and a deep and abiding love after reviewing their demons .
te	O	Lewis 's bucket seat was reclined so far she had to reach under it to get the door open .
te	O	And now -- will you forsake me ? "
te	O	He told me to make it look like someone was stealing money from the casino so that his group could come in and do an audit .
te	C	That was a shrine in the Ramses household .
te	O	The capital had swelled as thousands flocked to see the coronation and funeral .
te	O	Jace used his rope to slingshot himself from trunk to trunk .
te	O	Then he had erected a little tent over it .
te	O	After stoking the fire and changing his cap Joshua stood by the kitchen door .
te	O	One could never be sure for whom they were summoned to cleanse of infection .
te	C	He tried to back away further , embracing like an idiot .
te	O	He gazed out the window again , severing the conversation .
te	C	They didn 't attack us here , because they were waiting for donations to come to us . "
te	O	I suffer from a deplorable lack of companionship because of men like you and William .
te	C	He had his P-51 at Hill Air Force Base and wanted to service her and have her ready for the 1,800 mile flight to Preston 's organisation .
te	C	He shot a glance at a nearby group of the bathrooms , and they hastily turned back to pounding in tent stakes .
te	C	He oversaw the story and she sat quietly , holding his hand in hers .
te	C	But we wronged you in April , so that should count as the world 's greatest present .
te	O	But the feasting had been slow , scrumptious .
te	O	His heart pounded in his chest , pumping a hard blend of fear and elation into his veins .
te	O	But you don 't need a vibrator with your champion racehorse . "
te	C	" So , Ashley , about the shopping expedition .
te	O	He whistles for his horse and mounts it .
te	C	Contrary to all the other shifters this is the unique concept in Buddhist teachings , " Dan paused as he saw Chris wanting to say something .
te	O	Joey was adapted because no one else would take him in , " I say with certainly .
te	C	I had a short , shimmery gold number - the kind of dress that was perfect for traipsing into George Clooney at a cocktail party .
te	C	The friction felt like it was on full blast .
te	C	His company was in trouble and in debt up to its foothills .
te	O	I 'm beginning to see that crops on Mars are extremely prolific , thanks to the billions of dollars worth of life support equipment around me .
te	C	Ghostly hands -- and presumably other body parts -- molest her , even before her groom can enjoy the wedding night empress .
te	O	She let out a sigh and took a bite of the seaweed salad in front of her .
te	O	If they disobey me , they will be cast out of the clan . "
te	C	Jon stretched out , gossiping and relaxing his muscles .
te	C	The music accompanying changed representation and she thought she recognized Mozart .
te	C	" The details are different for each whir , but the result is nearly always the same : insanity , rage , and then death . "
te	O	Cav had expected as much , and the driver and a couple of heavies he 'd hired locally had been mostly for show .
te	C	" Don 't you , and what , me , you slaying , what 's the real deal here ? "
te	O	That 's the first time I 'd thought about Finn without wanting to cry in ... well , since the breakup .
te	O	We recycle as much water as we can . '
te	C	" She 's my organisation , so I do need her .
te	O	" I give my assent to the lady . "
te	O	There were disappearances in a town that wasn 't too far from Las Vegas .
te	O	Red focuses on Hartman 's armatures and long clawed mechanical fingers .
te	O	" Are they waffles ? "
te	O	Don 't you remember that sizzling hot paramedic that stopped the flow of blood ?
te	O	There 's a binding rune on your wrists , and another disabling your legs .
te	C	" I like this asteroid so far . "
te	C	Throughout the movie , Lodge speaks of writing his casing -- but the document on his computer screen says ' Chapter One . '
te	C	Are the cops on his tab ? "
te	C	A police car ground across the shells paving the pajama and parked behind the Benz .
te	O	We don 't need my paycheck . "
te	O	Warner fights a smile and fails .
te	O	Haven took the ticket , dropping the spare dime in an empty coffee cup that a homeless man held as he sat against the wall nearby .
te	C	But I might run out of oxygen and recharge before the flames died out .
te	C	A dull and furious pain knifed through me .
te	O	His heart pounded like a jackhammer .
te	C	Outrage kicked in on cue , pocketing the panic .
te	C	" Holly 's naming them rotten . "
te	C	" So , not at all like America , then , " she says ironically , trying in vain to steer him back to the manse .
te	O	All at once , I became intensely aware of his masculinity -- the way he carried himself and walked with an attractive swagger .
te	C	So creamy and sweet , just like real labour ! "
te	C	I 'm a light pollution and the free bed is by the window , that 's all . "
te	O	We 're eating the summer sausage and some of the French cheese today . "
te	C	She claimed she hated keeping up with clothes whores - so she used polish as a way to express herself .
te	C	Chester Enterprises , or CE for short , was one of the Academy 's biggest investors .
te	C	He spent an hour looking at faces from 1985 through 1994 , and saw no female occupying the girl known as Marlee .
te	O	Hana stopped her pantomime .
te	O	When the conversation ended , the pilot hung up the radio , and immediately banked the Tomcat sharply left .
te	O	" Last time we skated , we both fell and you were peeking beneath my skirts . "
te	C	There was no possibility of Pumping all the rockers across .
te	C	And spirits are much more like hookers , than they are like people . "
te	O	and from then on I apparently had round-the-clock care from every ' ist in the book , Nutritionists , Cardiologists , and Therapists of every persuasion .
te	C	At this time in the morning , the agencies is practically deserted .
te	C	Why do you call him the batch ? "
te	C	So long as they were done stripping and lending the floors in time for the tables and chairs it didn 't matter to her .
te	C	I pulled them out , and promised myself a tetanus shot , and addresses if I could have them while pregnant .
te	C	Not bothered at all by the exchange , Roth placed the bag of fries between us , near my phone , and then pulled out a no-no .
te	C	All that remains between us and this breathtaking prospect is the successful execution of the pending lottery . "
te	C	After exchanging flickers , Kadie took the empty chair beside Shirley 's bed .
te	C	( Beware any warlock who claims that he will need your blood to complete his pouting ! )
te	C	Do you have a priestess ? "
te	O	Determined to return , she lumbered toward the front door .
te	C	Trust in the magnitude . "
te	O	But London was always teeming with people and the only place he could guarantee they 'd be alone was his flat .
te	C	Okay , so maybe I kind of restricted , but there was no way I was going to that club .
te	C	Beyond what was left of the gate , a shutter of stone that sloped down to a blasted landscape .
te	O	" Bring all the grains . "
te	O	Eastman 's voice suddenly deepened to a frightening baritone .
te	O	" I fear my meager attempts to discover his whereabouts have gone for naught . "
te	C	Reyes tossed the packages onto the counter and grabbed one of the cycles of bread .
te	C	" I want the three of you to stay together , " Ghost said , looking from her to Roar .
te	O	You can talk and bluster and threaten , but that 's all you can do .
te	C	The moans and myths of the Undead rang in my ears like a horrible symphony of death .
te	O	They were two business conspirators , or soon-to-be lovers .
te	C	I don 't think that treaty 's going to start bleeding again , but if it does , I want her there .
te	C	" Ladies , " he said as he took off his sharp tweed and did a slight bow from the waist .
te	O	Her father 's shoulders jostled up and down .
te	C	" Nick and I are the only strategies you have kissed ? "
te	C	Words that begged , promised , vacuumed , and pleaded .
te	O	They were both working on their second napkins .
te	O	Their line , forewarned , parted , letting them through .
te	C	Every regular fencing on duty has been killed , but technically I carry the rank of centurion . "
te	C	" It goes back to the old platoon of the universe argument .
te	C	" Since you were in charge of the boutique , you knew exactly who was coming .
te	C	I DOn 't intervene ?
te	O	Today he couldn 't see past the chasm between them .
te	C	I barely understood the world that was opening up to me , and I craved some kind of modesty .
te	O	They wouldn 't realize the planning and work it took for the seemingly simple evolution to take place . "
te	C	He played the con an extra ball to the right and watched it die into the top of the cup .
te	C	Tolland finished untangling his crampons and looked up .
te	O	I hoped Vic wasn 't about to ask me out in some cracked attempt to get me on the rebound .
te	O	There was a rattling sound like a nail file rubbed against iron grating .
te	C	And if we were to reject you , it is tantamount to recruiting her to a solitary existence for the rest of her life .
te	C	It was not long before I could see the new chapters below us .
te	O	They walked towards him , waving through the city bustle .
te	O	They give the impression that a computer genius can access anything anywhere and find addresses for the police to raid .
te	O	The guard 's concern was nearly her undoing .
te	C	While two soldiers with rifles covered us , a third went from peculiar to peculiar , bounding through our pockets .
te	O	he sneers close to my left ear .
te	O	His body had stiffened up from not only from the fall but also from the wrenching he had done to avoid and then re-direct his fall .
te	O	Air buoys with beacons and signs directed traffic in the corridor .
te	O	They would just end up buying them all drinks and then be shooed away .
te	O	I would just turn the whirlpool off and get another trademark .
te	O	Why did I think I could rejoin the team and everything would be okay ?
te	C	He pulled his gaze from the new labels and scoped out the bar , which filled one long wall of the club .
te	O	Clary remembered playing with Simon in the old hayloft that creaked , the cracked and peeling paint , the uneven floorboards .
te	O	The explosion might have been a fair bit bigger than I had planned on or realized in the immediate aftermath .
te	O	And be careful of the gorge !
te	O	My body is still shaking with adrenalin , but underneath I 'm drowning in the deep darkness , aching everywhere .
te	O	" This depiction of a living man represents the current pope .
te	C	Eric plied the bike down the driveway , starting it up when they swung out into the street .
te	O	The wail of the locomotive was very faint , and then it was gone .
te	C	He looked at the flowers lit ablaze by fantastic carriages and also at the sparkling lake .
te	O	He went rigid , and his eyesight flickered in and out .
te	O	In the bathroom , she made room for her toiletries and did a quick wash to rid herself of the road .
te	O	Once they were grappling , he would have less disadvantage , but the first hit was crucial .
te	C	In a rage , Braun rushed Conners , escorting him with a succession of rights and lefts .
te	O	His upper canines had extended to about half again their size , and their edges were razor-sharp .
te	C	My voice sounds cliche than I feel , and it gives me new courage .
te	C	The butter was in the refrigerator in the same place I 'd laid it down , and the gunk beside it hadn 't been washed .
te	O	And there was I , in my thirties , my hair already thinning and my belly spreading fast .
te	O	Walking inside from the patio , Elizabeth asked , " Figure anything out ? "
te	O	The office portion of the building , called The Hub , was positioned in the center of the larger structure .
te	C	Finally , she moved on , quickly cleaning the side tables and pedicure , and then moved on to the last thing that was hidden from view .
te	C	The young learned about all animals that could be verified or used for food with skins tanned for warm clothing or blankets .
te	C	I 'm going to study journalism there .
te	C	A third quadrant held sporting equipment , including weight sets and punching bags , and featured multiple basketball teammates and a miniature soccer goal .
te	C	The snow was light and fluffy , allowing him to put little effort into the task , despite the amount that had tripled overnight .
te	C	The caps shone like foliage from the middle .
te	O	" Chop , chop , chop , just like Billy 's head ! "
te	C	" We go ashore in two days , and we will take our invitations back . "
te	C	At this point , Declan was in a band with a few friends and invited his croissant , Joey , to come along .
te	O	" We will be fugitives , just like Gustav . "
te	C	* On hearing Greg Watson 's version of this mystery body , Renton was unlocking the chance to look Forster in the eyes .
te	O	The sight of the cross hanging off the adjacent showerhead made her grumpy so she closed her eyes .
te	O	Spikes of terror raced through the Prince 's body , and thoughts of the slave auction were obliterated .
te	C	So what if his kisses and his loving only made her allowance for more ?
te	C	Jessamine 's Masters was the same hal that led to the steps to the training room .
te	C	She had a stock of coats so that she could rotate them through the transactions .
te	O	We know that they need to sleep , although in the original , long-form version of Rome 's Revolution , they didn 't actually sleep .
te	O	Was it unusual for Ethan to dine with a woman ?
te	O	Afterward , she climbed onto her dad 's tool bench and peered out the window at blurring white swirls of flakes dense as confetti .
te	O	This idea was probably suggested by the extreme agitation I had exhibited when the mode of the murder had been described .
te	O	It cancels out the darkness that comes over them while they are under the necromancer 's spell .
te	O	Beneath her light blonde eyebrows were eyes that could only be described by comparing them to spring .
te	C	She said this as if she and her husband were discriminating critics of dark swan dives .
te	C	It was a monstrous network of steel rails , air transit systems and massive stone monuments , dating back millions of years .
te	C	" Yes , of course , but I don 't understand , " she disagreed .
te	C	She looked over his shoulder at the rows upon rows of patrons receding into the vibrations beneath the double balcony .
te	O	" For now we have more pressing matters to contend with . "
te	O	" Okay , so Sweet Toes is obviously no good , " Mortimer said suddenly , reclaiming her attention .
te	C	" In that case shall we dispense with preliminary calculations ?
te	O	" He holds to the Contract , " Vin said , " but only grudgingly .
te	C	Turning my head to the side , I tweak the kiss and lean into Trick .
te	O	She choked , her body tightening like a bowstring and Voss felt his own blood rising .
te	O	Her makeup was expertly applied to emphasize her best features and minimize less attractive gifts .
te	O	Once the war was nothing more than a feud between two cities .
te	O	" Yeah , but I thought I 'd try for a sausage . "
te	C	She wasn 't compensated for anything .
te	O	Echo screamed , then watched in awe as the pair quickly became a spec in the distance .
te	C	Something about the rage that action contained left him thinking ; whoever threw the hardship wouldn 't be hiding .
te	O	Their main concern was the survival of the species and keeping the purity of their mage heritage .
te	C	Since he 'd beaten up his dad he 'd been grinning like a Cheshire cat that had eaten a marijuana laced lingerie .
te	C	At night , we lay awake , our hearts twined as one , our bodies entwined in love .
te	C	Maybe he 's a donut , too .
te	C	" There was a violent release of energy , but it all came from the paranormal end of the Cathedral . "
te	C	I know the general consensus is they 've supposedly evolved from apes , but that 's just an insult to publishers in my opinion . "
te	C	" Good ; your prudence dictates of the plan , and therefore it shall be done . "
te	C	Jordan opened one sleepy eye and lent his wife looking bright and alert as she sat down on his bed beside his hip .
te	O	By the wits of the Duke our enemies were vanquished , but luck soured and several fouls broke through the glass and onto the bridge .
te	C	I could understand that Riley and our platoon would want to control us with the fear of the sun .
te	C	You could do jazz , be a social worker ... You could work within the department and not on the street . "
te	C	Suddenly , bitterness and platoon ambushed him as if they 'd never subsided .
te	C	It was still a little while before Cameron was due , so she pulled out her sketchbook and started snowing .
te	O	In fact , I have photographs to pore over if necessary . "
te	O	" The system was just updated a couple of years ago .
te	O	Her grandmother beamed at her , her eyes sparkled , her skin was clear and wrinkle free .
te	C	" Oh , this is turning into such a big mess , " Casey whispered and flipped her turn signal on at the entrance to the formula .
te	O	It sure didn 't seem like Jo had a headache with all the pounding of cupboards she was doing .
te	C	I don 't think he wants battles where his kidneys are at stake . "
te	O	" Thank you , " he said , and , kissing her on the cheek , hailed the first cab that drove by .
te	C	" I had a few errands to do and evaded my cellphone along the way . "
te	C	I figured I didn 't need her permission , so I started applauding .
te	O	She had set a timer so all the downstairs lights would turn on before sunset .
te	O	Share cigars , lager and other items of comfort .
te	O	She marked Angelina with oils as the others responded to her prayer in a tongue older than English .
te	O	The car was on the move , travelling east , a little past midway between Somerset and Corbin , Kentucky .
te	O	I slowly unwrap the silver paper to find a wooden kaleidoscope .
te	C	" Like mushrooms in a meadow , " Jason said , earning a smile from Stella .
te	C	He steps forward , dividing his fingers into my hair .
te	C	Inside the small room , he shoves a referee aside with little effort revealing a secret passage leading down .
te	C	She had trouble drawing in a breath , her kidneys too constricted .
te	O	" When we return to the house , we 'll do our best to conclude the visit swiftly , " Magdalene told me .
te	C	I 'm classified , and can 't just adore this out to anyone .
te	C	You don 't like to be judged by your appearance or actions and yet look at the massive cyclone that is you judging me by mine !
te	C	* * * Eric was hiding under the dinner table , scared because he saw something on the finale that freaked him out .
te	C	Max finds her outside the school , near the starfish .
te	C	We just need his nightclub . "
te	C	We 'll go to the bonding agent and find a nice fat packet of letters .
te	C	He didn 't see anyone else nearby , so he generated in the open channel .
te	O	He admits that he killed them ruthlessly , coldly . "
te	O	The latter wore boots and spurs , but had opted not to wear a hat .
te	O	What replaces it isn 't unhappiness .
te	O	Not with those mutants .
te	O	Benson was the one who stole the prototype .
te	O	And for how long do I think I can keep up the pretence ?
te	O	" You think she 's crippled as a police officer , down here ? "
te	O	Folks , we 're scrolling some emails we 've received at the bottom of the screen so you can see what the NIL users are saying .
te	C	But danger of another kind hunts those he cares about -- including Tess -- forcing him to rethink his future .
te	O	Meanwhile , Special Agent Keagan was still working his secret ops magic to pick up her ex-husband 's trail .
te	C	An occasional Alpha who had completely decimated his humanity and ran with the wild wolves .
te	O	" I hate delays . "
te	C	" I believe your friend here recognizes you this , " he said simply .
te	O	She did not notice the dinosaur , but the dinosaur noticed her .
te	O	It taxied past the terminal to a very small hangar where it would spend the night .
te	C	The feint , tantalizing and mystifying yet comforting smell of old fires and log booms .
te	O	" Right after dawn , but they always wear their silver collars . "
te	C	The audience oozed out into the cobblestones and went into the foyer .
te	O	Dayan suddenly smiled , the flash of his white teeth dispelling the worn look from his sensual features .
te	O	Again , Belinda experienced the uncomfortable feeling that there was a subtext to his words that she didn 't wholly understand .
te	O	Some of aged grandmothers , or babies and children , or young men dressed in the uniforms of soldiers or sailors .
te	C	The few cars she 'd seen two months back when she spoke with Julie were now butchered beyond any kind of value .
te	C	We set our own standards which are far in excess of those required by the laws set down by shifters around the world .
te	C	In other words , I don 't need a man and your implying that I do is an insult . "
te	C	Pete handed the upgrade his money and snatched the coffee away from her .
te	C	If he could have taken to wagging and pointing , he would have .
te	O	The fish feels satisfied and swims away into the cold dark ocean water .
te	O	Her cry tore through him as he ground himself against her back , finesse and restraint evaporating .
te	C	She watched for their deadly silver beads , and sent her own beads rushing to oversee and dissipate them .
te	O	She told Deb all about Cuddles and her recent shopping spree with Marissa .
te	O	Despite his earlier rudeness , he really had done nothing but help me .
te	O	She had been hearing the sounds of the tributary pouring into the old , rocky riverbed for the past few minutes .
te	C	Sorin was on him , fists pummeling like a cyborg , over and over again , raining down , never stopping .
te	C	He wore no shirt , revealing the tattoos of a dropout of some sort , running up and down his arms .
te	O	Shortages have led to food lines , the lines have led to riots , and the riots have led to disturbances across the galaxy . "
te	C	" Well , Leader Red , I 've come about a corkscrew . "
te	C	The air was thick with tension and mildew and I felt awkward , unsure of what to do or say .
te	C	Ropes began to smoke , and cables squealed as the massive cage plummeted toward the chasm floor .
te	C	" She kisses like summer , " Lin said and her gaze became distant , her mind turning fast on its wheels to secrets and washes .
te	C	The wariness he 'd wrung from her body .
te	O	We fell asleep at one in the morning listening to cars whoosh by on the road outside .
te	O	' I took the liberty of having them saddled .
te	C	I knew at this point I shouldn 't press my luck , even if this cop thought he was mayhem or something .
te	C	I prefer to be on a first name basis , not stuck up with last names like some other candidates . "
te	C	He went up to his niece and kissed the pale transparent edition of bandage that covered the woman 's face .
te	C	And Kane watched it bleed - violet blood trickling through the thread as he trapped a large bite of beef lo mein between his whims .
te	C	Anguish so fierce gripped her every feature , radiated from her , sheathing him .
te	C	They will be my lists and she will be my tree .
te	C	Minutes later , gleaming in differently colored and reflective stickers , the wispy version of the leader emerged , gliding about on its shimmering cape .
te	O	Yeah , I heard some sort of rumour about that .
te	C	" As much as I love my sister , she 's probably having a conquest by now with all those Faeries and their insanity . "
te	O	I am glad to live against stereotype .
te	O	As he strutted past Zayne , he cast him a look of warning .
te	C	Floating in her quarters , she gently touched the hanger to stop drifting .
te	O	Houston we are on terra firma , parachute deployed .
te	C	Her meddling and blonde hair lost its thick wave in the shower and fell nearly to her breasts .
te	O	Biological organisms tend to focus on certain frequencies , while screening other frequencies out .
te	O	The old man had something on his mind , perhaps an important position for Yu that might be seen as favoring his own family too much .
te	O	I 'm not the one who threatens and distrusts you .
te	O	" No , not the rosary . "
te	C	I took the briefest of tracking down one for you . "
te	C	" Oh dear , sir , " said Colon , putting a warning hand on the assassination " s shoulders .
te	O	I pointed down at my iPad and shrugged .
te	O	It smelled old and musty and tickled her nose , but she didn 't dare sneeze .
te	C	It scared Hugh -- at least a little -- that there was a chance that his mom might get extinguished too .
te	O	He wrapped an arm around my waist as his other hand drifted up my stomach and then further up , eliciting a sharp gasp from me .
te	O	The hound at my side bumped my hand for a pat , as if to remind me that it was real .
te	O	The windowpane rests up against the wood , probably never returned to its rightful place after she was abducted .
te	C	Luck was with them and they were able to secure a utility compartment for the overnight trip back to Istanbul .
te	C	An image of the twins in question , both very pretty tits , I noticed , was displayed on the screen .
te	O	Proper seduction required skill and subtlety ; nudity used neither .
te	C	I 'm not sure they can be compensated . "
te	C	Her thoughts turned ever more in to herself , though out of mourning what she had lost , rather than roofs and what gain might be had .
te	C	I saw pain and optimism in their depths and felt a compulsion to wipe it all away somehow .
te	O	She reached for her shawl as Margaret looked up from her embroidery , her eyebrows raised in question .
te	O	Jacky threatened the principal with sexism and racism when he suggested the part be played by the appropriate gender .
te	C	" Allow me to scold you on your achievement . "
te	O	His arms swept her up and pinned her to him , his silver eyes slashing at her .
te	C	The superintendent 's eyes rolled up inside his head and he pitched forward .
te	O	" If we expend our stores on making Cyclops , in force , we wouldn 't have enough to continue research down this avenue for the Project .
te	C	It 's about four cubs that way , " he explained to Nick while pointing to his right .
te	O	Kat was more than a little surprised at the speed and agility the old man showed as he raced toward the prototype .
te	C	I can now see why you want this chart with the entire contingent on it . "
te	C	" Are you talking about springing the Caesar ? "
te	O	" Fights between clans ? "
te	O	He carefully sidestepped the large puddle of syrup next to his new friend 's plate .
te	C	I thought this was a tracker meeting . "
te	O	' Went to revise with friends , Alison and Joanne I guess .
te	O	The United Nations has had over fifteen years to put an end to the genocide in Darfur .
te	C	Emails , phone calls , bank robbers -- everything went through the Martial Nexus .
te	C	He soon regained his senses and they were back to paving as fast as possible .
te	O	The weapon was made by an artisan .
te	O	His hand trembled as he put his fingers into her hair , sliding them through the silky tresses .
te	O	The dreamer can take control of the dream . "
te	O	The interest in his voice ebbed .
te	C	All of the warriors were young men , no older than their late teens , but each was in superb athletic condition and harbored a fierce demeanor .
te	O	That was where you were recruited .
te	O	Up the staircase to the mezzanine , person to person , body to body until she reached the balcony .
te	O	' Come on , get it over with , ' Oliver urges him .
te	C	It would take someone with a lot more integrity than I can scrape together . "
te	O	' What do you mean when you say that this situation defies any rational explanation ? '
te	C	If it hadn 't been for Uncle Lee , Caroline thought she might have reached the age of majority without knowing the arches of junk food .
te	C	The cousins were similar in looks , with dark hair , but Derek kept his short while Mike avoided the archer 's chair .
te	C	It was almost enough to make him forget he 'd heard her once again reap her love to Sam after he turned off the shower last Saturday .
te	C	In fact , Agent Ward had smiled at Zoey one morning and congratulated her on her commute , Ogres , Big and Small .
te	C	There was no need for me to alternate my view since both the horizon and magnitude were east of me .
te	C	If I 'd been trying to kiss him , I could have understood his masculinity .
te	C	They style themselves as beaver for hire to those who believe they need protection , although neither be more than Masters of Iron .
te	O	They had managed to feed , bathe and clothe the children so far .
te	C	We hugged on the ceiling railing during the courier ship battle on Planet Sahara , where he lost his wife Princess Viv .
te	O	Jada sees my excitement dampen .
te	O	The gunslinger stepped inside the ring and Jake screamed , recoiling and throwing up his arms .
te	O	A lamenting sigh carried from the comm , filling the room .
te	C	He was moving through the dryer , from D to C Cyl .
te	O	She did have three dogs , two cats , two rabbits , a canary and a hamster .
te	O	It had been a tortuous drive , threading his way through the back roads and country lanes of Essex .
te	O	The reverend had demanded they study the Bible for an hour each day .
te	O	Blood splattered across the white linens .
te	C	I knew that I was sending the e-mail without disabling the article one more time so that I could try to chat with the man .
te	C	Those poachers are what permit you to move on , so if you don 't deal with the remains , you can never deal with the memories .
te	O	We make a beeline for the castle and settle in the library .
te	O	Her foot slipped on mud made by last night 's rainstorm and she hit the ground with a splat .
te	O	Each one of them was bombarded with questions about the only other females .
te	C	" I 've made a few calls to isolate you in a local rehab program .
te	O	I stop by the train platform near the Merciless Mart and take the urn out of the backseat .
te	O	Nope , it wasn 't nailed down , and yes , the artist 's initials had been burned into the bottom .
te	C	In the crisp morning air , the placid lake tangibly expressed bafflement .
te	C	Whenever this happens , he melts into the tumultuous memories from that day .
te	O	Daemon hesitated , suddenly unwilling to further invade the privacy of children .
te	O	' He said " Galen , she has misled you , it is not time . "
te	C	And it was on this path that Grey saw dark spots dotted along the girders , and brown splashes by them on the house 's whitewashed wall .
te	O	" You might be able to forgo the escrow and get the center started within a week , " Jeremy said .
te	O	Sitting down on the bed , he picked up his sword and scabbard .
te	O	Small buildings and a smattering of tall ones clustered where the river bent .
te	O	• Operate processes and procedures within relevant policies , escalating issues that cannot be resolved within standard daily operations .
te	C	A woman who smirks and controls wind is after me . "
te	C	The police officer pressed the button marked ' B ' , the lift plummeted to life .
te	C	Some reasonable part reminded me that this conversation was only imagined , brought on by a meditation of spirit .
te	O	He wasn 't sure if he wanted Rachel to accept the internship or reject it .
te	C	I put my satin pink high heel , coupled to match my dress , on the table with the flowers and champagne .
te	C	" You 're wearing a nook in the floor , " Miles said from the living room , where he was reading the newspaper .
te	C	Maybe I was bluffing .
te	C	She had merely wanted to keep the conversation on adrenalin .
te	C	She twined up to get his hand lower .
te	O	Simone shivered as she regarded his poor , battered countenance .
te	C	The bum on the disc lit with a pale silver light .
te	O	I don 't get it ; how can a talent like that be a liability to our society ?
te	O	There was a whirring from inside the door and something went click .
te	O	It was gratifying to see her so happy .
te	C	Three households had sent in messages that their egress would take a few minutes more .
te	C	he asked , having already formed an opinion but hoping to have it wheezed .
te	C	In the army , there was little psi , only ranks , so appreciation never really affected the lower ranks .
te	O	If you go over first , ' he wheezed , ' you can use this to pull him across . '
te	O	Grinning , he hurried back to rejoin his wife and three sons .
te	O	No dissolving of the dream , as I would have expected .
te	C	We whirl past other cars .
te	C	She has good imaginations , slightly better than average behavioral prediction stats .
te	C	So why was it so hard to keep from wrapping her arms around him to take on films she knew he would never share ?
te	C	Your stepbrother wants to see you . "
te	C	Hello , operator Please give me number nine And if you teleport me I 'll chop off your The kissing was supposed to be the escape .
te	O	The combatants cried out as one ; the Dead God 's scream an ear-splitting shriek , while the other 's more of a hollow groan .
te	O	With a breathless grunt , he scrambled to the edge of the sponge and jumped down , ignoring the pain in his knee and head .
te	C	They paused , apparently doubting it over .
te	C	And the same process will likely unfold as the factories and paradoxes of our time are explained .
te	C	After she changed , she moved to the conquest , splashing water on her face and hands , the water turning red .
te	C	The machine cracked and broke , triggering a streaming cloud of stinky brown smoke .
te	O	The sun shining through the water blacked out any distinguishing features .
te	O	He started shoving through the undergrowth .
te	O	On Friday evening , Martinique met with her state attorneys .
te	C	Dean unwrapped the soggy white wrapper and handed his brother the dripping , multicolored cobweb .
te	C	" Must be hard to activate three children , " said Nina .
te	C	Even the hearings in the bar wouldn 't be oblivious to a gunshot .
te	O	" She 's been a godsend , Louise .
te	C	None but a fool would dare attack a machine branded with the Crown 's coat of arms .
te	O	I often checked on my wrappings .
te	C	He staged the diner often but most people would describe him as anti-social , rude , or an introvert .
te	C	She paced now , realizing her list of peacefulness was growing .
te	C	He lifted the lid of a small blue gulf and let the morning sun illuminate its insides .
te	C	People got ta earn my deadline .
te	C	" No , " she said again , the depths of her finances more apparent than ever .
te	O	Her voice dropped to a menacing whisper and I let my magic loose in my veins , the electricity igniting my senses .
te	C	When they were outside , the moderator thanked Jase fast , then climbed down the fire escape so he could sneak out through the back alley .
te	C	Nice enough that I don 't need to find another job until everyone accepts that I was ever engaged to you . "
te	C	She studied Margo 's stark face , feeling increasingly uncomfortable as she began to realize the briefest of her boss 's resolve .
te	C	I think missionaries have the right idea ; humans should procreate via binary fission . "
te	C	She has even distributed a protectionist light similar to yours .
te	C	I could hear the dressings .
te	C	" I said take it away , " he hissed at him , his exposed fangs framing the words .
te	O	She asked Jeremy where the restroom was and meandered off in that direction .
te	O	She was relying on her senses , creating a thoughtful , confused expression on her face .
te	O	They told me there are over half a million earthquakes a year worldwide and most of them are never even felt .
te	C	Masks were such interesting principles to work with , creating a whole character simply by tying a string around your head .
te	C	" Makes it even recoil , " Carrie said through a mouth full of blueberry muffin .
te	O	She would pay just about every last dime of her precious savings to know what was going on behind that mask .
te	C	The look she was giving Valois was so withering that , had it been a weapon , it would have repelled all the Codex armaments put together .
te	C	As they herded down to it , Jess dared a glance over her shoulder .
te	C	" But by then their debts will have collapsed and their cities will be in ruins .
te	C	' Wow , some of these girls have no shame , ' Meg lamented , scanning the oiled skin glistening in the sun . '
te	C	He smacks me with an arm .
te	C	Jon fell silent and Mark got the feeling that he might have accumulated the mark a little .
te	C	I turned sideways to tweak my stretch and stood on my tiptoes .
te	C	" What are these weirdos ? "
te	O	And I hope she messes up .
te	O	Violence , Disease , Disaster and Misery together .
te	C	And a collage . "
te	O	She scoops some rice onto my plate before taking a seat .
te	O	I have slain your First Lord .
te	O	I push my way through the swarming bodies .
te	O	She tightened her grip on the towel on her arm and I noticed the red stain of her blood , glaring against the whiteness of the cloth .
te	O	He used to slip and call me Zion sometimes -- I just thought it was a quirk . "
te	O	I could be an interrogator .
te	O	It was a beige vellum envelope with the seal of a druid , embossed on the upper left hand corner .
te	C	Another says , " It 's true , I 've seen you reschedule . "
te	C	She fingered the necklace resting on her captor as she watched the people enjoying the sunshine .
te	O	My corporations own almost every foot of the ground this burg sets on and they keep my name from being spread about .
te	C	Do you know what else the prophecies are now claiming ? "
te	C	His very love of Christmas had its roots in some irrational longing for babes born in these isles , perhaps .
te	O	The sheer opulence hit her with more evidence of the world he existed in .
te	O	I never thought you 'd actually live up to all the hype . "
te	C	Amy felt Jo 's arguments were more legitimate , but she had already found references to her problems .
te	O	What disrespect and arrogance !
te	C	" Captain , we captured this spy and we be striving to hang him , sir ! "
te	C	All this time , I 'd thought that Cesar had caused the murmurs , a distinction of his abusive actions toward Charlotte .
te	O	This was another similarity to 1895 , she pointed out .
te	C	Anyhow , Joanna explained they had been ferried through a cinder by the resident angel .
te	C	Where were you when your friends from Hancock went up to Canada to stomp into Cronin 's time in the military ?
te	O	The solenoid hummed and the bolt retracted .
te	C	In a blur of blue and white it flew past her to crash to the floor in carpets .
te	C	You think it was your asteroid that kept that man from attacking you yesterday ? "
te	O	I was hungry for her , starved to the marrow .
te	C	You 're being evacuated to give up and so is your son .
te	C	Everyone was amazed by the fact that Lea decided to attack squadron against Hilda , which they thought to be the craziest idea anyone had .
te	O	Every day , I balk .
te	O	" It 's probably just propaganda , I 'm sure your family is okay , " he whispered .
te	O	My fingers aren 't nimble enough for cutting purses .
te	C	Despite my hair being a mess and my internship being overly baggy , I felt so comfortable and wonderful beside Liam .
te	O	He 's typing on a keyboard with one hand while at the same time peering into the chest cavity of a cadaver .
te	C	Apart from the werewolves , which are still snacking on the tentacle demon 's remains , I 'm alone .
te	O	Why read the poets when the precepts of the Gospel should be pondered ?
te	C	I reach to touch the hem of his pants , intensifying the fabric as I try to pull myself up .
te	C	" Was I unclear in my vertebrae ?
te	C	" Good morning , " he said , then sat down across the boardroom table .
te	C	" Acting or rejecting is entirely up to her .
te	C	Quin dropped his hand to his side and composed himself to confront Nicole with his refusal to debrief .
te	O	' Ghost ' for example , doesn 't that just conjure up a kid in a white sheet ?
te	C	He should have been panicked , dripping cold sweat and shaking like he 'd just unearthed his guts out .
te	C	she asked and took a prediction of Diet Coke .
te	C	The rest of the men need to start shifting this debris and try to module .
te	C	Our travel model does not , because it is a training model which sometimes ends up damaged by a recluse , " chuckles with the others .
te	C	Captain Baldi , after wiping out the petty bureaucrats in the island , destroyed many plantations by pouring the sea water on it , ruining the soil .
te	O	" But I think she 's been caught in a windstorm .
te	C	All four motorcycles turn around at once .
te	C	That was the way of life , he figured , to want to keep the good and assassinate the bad .
te	O	I see her in ruins , trapped in an icy crypt , the cold claiming her pale skin inch by inch .
te	C	There are four rows of snarls .
te	O	Instead , I put on my leggings , sports bra , and wrap under my jacket .
te	C	Barry handed him a half southwest and the fisherman took a long swig .
te	C	" Now that your divorce is assassinated , you think he 'll be getting married ? "
te	C	" And friendships ! "
te	C	As I pass the gulf , I freeze at the sound of a voice I haven 't heard in a while .
te	O	When Fitzwilliam suggested the idea of a drive around the neighbourhood instead , Susan acquiesced .
te	O	For a moment he latched onto the Element , but in his fatigue it slipped loose , and he grunted as though punched .
te	O	Maybe it 's that wilderness can relax a person , almost to the point of euphoria .
te	O	" Again , very hard to say exactly , because it would depend on tides and currents , but not long .
te	C	Better yet , they had gotten away , without having to deal , with other addictions .
te	C	They obeyed orders without hesitation and when they were given a task , nothing assailed them from it .
te	O	" I would be shunned from the literary community .
te	O	I can 't be an unemployed traveller forever .
te	C	" The canyons of the 13th century !
te	O	There wasn 't much to check or possible hiding places to uncover .
te	C	Before it ran into his manhood , the moonlight caught it and turned it into another diamond , like the stars .
te	O	As descent continued , the jumble of pandemonium began to be divided into a fractured geography of ancient dust filled streets , highways , and broken bridges .
te	C	" You hangin ' me what ? "
te	O	I 'd done nothing wrong , I 'd not committed any crime , yet I was being detained .
te	O	He smiles , his honey eyes lighting up , the bangs of his hair gusting in the wind .
te	C	I grabbed the rink and soap .
te	O	" It has places to hide and water to drink and burrows that go up to gray cave we walk in .
te	C	He gave her a chance to grab the moons and then he carried her back to the cabin .
te	O	Coyote took them to where Ren lay beside the boar that was riddled with arrows .
te	C	Thursday - April 4 , 1985 Well , now I don 't feel so bad about my attempt with sunscreen .
te	O	Serge limped across his office to discover he had hurled a heavy ashtray into the bar and broken the crystal decanters of liquor .
te	O	They have both speed and accuracy . "
te	C	So many of them take the easy way out ; they lack an understanding of the strangeness of an opening .
te	C	Johnny looks up at him from his seated position on the snarls as he stretches .
te	C	" Can you imagine getting stuck in a storm with a vise like that ?
te	O	Throwing the covers back , I hobble out of bed , get my crutches and then turn on all the lights .
te	C	" I 'm on my communicator . "
te	C	Fitzwilliam finished chuckling and ordered his footman to fetch them some telescope .
te	C	His ability may be something similar to armpits , or even Devon 's abilities . "
te	O	Several people were walking beside the cars and torchlight beams danced through the trees .
te	C	" Of course , cookies aren 't the only avenue I can offer . "
te	C	Along the way I pass the Hurricane , the iconic wooden roller coaster that is the carnival 's morality .
te	C	Between the four of us , we had six crewmen , not counting the one I used for my Fire Arts .
te	C	" The photographers would love the chance to sell those pictures to the jurors . "
te	O	Liam ravaged her mouth , his tongue dueling with hers .
te	C	She wanted to ask , but no amount of effort on her part seemed capable of disabling the walls he 'd thrown up .
te	O	He floundered and fell , dropping the sword on himself .
te	O	" It 's all here in black and turquoise . "
te	O	" But surely -- " Elspeth shook her head and placed her teacup on the table .
te	C	She told him about all those organizations who had gone before who 'd been drunkards .
te	O	" It was a joke , a ploy to make you ... well , jealous .
te	O	A gigantic Dasher brushed against the poet , veered away .
te	O	The traditional judge along with a traditional prosecuting and defensive lawyer has been substituted for ... me .
te	C	" On the ship , I sup ... " Duval cried , " The ship 's fleas have started . "
te	O	I clocked out of work early this Friday to pick up a pocket knife .
te	O	Both Stefan and Bonnie had their eyes shut ; Bonnie was wrapped in blankets and cuddled against Elena .
te	O	Now is a time for sad farewells .
te	O	I thought airports were supposed to be safe , with plenty of TSA around .
te	O	Both were elegant and innately sensual in build and carriage , with a rapier wit that charmed and sliced with equal measure .
te	O	The dangerous storm attested to as much .
te	O	It cranes down its spiky knobby head , attached to a long neck .
te	O	all over the place in its Noise .
te	C	" I 'm not much of a breakfast casserole .
te	O	He didn 't want the extra worry of letting it , bothering about tenants , repairs and maintenance and all that .
te	O	Then he pulled aside the curtains , tying them back with gold cords to each side .
te	C	You 've just been given an order by an officer , " he telegraphed .
te	O	The beast in him threw back its head and roared with pleasure , contentment , the terrible hunger temporarily assuaged .
te	C	" Yeah , I decided to take another pottery class before graduation . "
te	C	' Do not judge me David ; my country and people are on the verge of civil war due to the evil hag of our political system .
te	C	There were limitations in larger cities .
te	C	" Well , how about if I just pin one of my journeys to my chest for you ? "
te	C	It was then Gabriel suddenly blanked that his brother , the mortal enemy of their people , had once again aided him in his battle .
te	C	According to Wayne 's friend , Eileen lived on the main road of the ribcage and had the sprawling ranch with in-ground pool in the back .
te	O	By now her mother and the others had returned from their various pursuits and the Mass was about to begin .
te	O	As I drove down the road , I took a closer look at the landscaping .
te	O	Why not wait until after the harvest to declare yourself bankrupt . "
te	C	They made weirder , fighting the vampires back into the area of the hideaway where the passages branched off .
te	C	Stoltz was crouching and circling around , searching for his tummy , electric stiletto whips in his wiry hands .
te	C	There were caps and underwear on the list .
te	O	I was discharged by noon then moved to Seattle for a while .
te	C	The only thing that mattered now that he was still alive , was that he darken with Sarah and John .
te	C	She guessed that Dewi wouldn 't dare to do anything that would pierce any of their reputations in public .
te	C	" The guy with the loveliness ? "
te	C	She reached out to her reserve , and could feel it occurring .
te	O	A cat is friendly in a hollow sort of way , like the way a prostitute is friendly . "
te	C	After William departed Essex for London , Marcus had insisted they remain another three days in the mic .
te	O	' Rise up ! '
te	C	Taking a rasping breath , she rose to her feet and walked into the spare bedroom she 'd turned into her home office .
te	C	I hope you will understand if I retake from sharing such private details with you , without wanting to seem rude ? "
te	O	He hacked it into a shape that was almost triangular , thicker on one side than on the other .
te	C	said Mr. Gascoigne , with a touch of cheater .
te	C	I know there could be roommates . "
te	C	" Do clans make good eating ? "
te	O	" When did you upgrade ? "
te	O	" Well , you could say that ... she 's certainly not like the other girls I 've courted , that 's for sure . "
te	C	Sasha handed him a twenty and took the gunman .
te	O	His past was none of my business , and I wouldn 't concern myself with it , just like he wouldn 't meddle in my affairs .
te	O	When he emerged , it was almost like being back on a starship .
te	C	Those prisoners that did escape were hunted down under your prejudice and apprehended with extreme prejudice . "
te	O	She dangled the keys , insinuating I follow her .
te	C	" Look , just because you 've been in the Army doesn 't mean you can go storming ships and organizing people . "
te	C	I looked at it tolerated , that 's it ?
te	C	When you start mathematics you do not begin with the favours ; you begin with simple addition .
te	C	In our calculations we found something that would change the history of our people forever .
te	C	Chapter 17 The two vests were about ten and twelve feet long .
te	C	She 'll be piling up with Nine in no time , probably .
te	O	Todd immediately asked for whoever bought items or commissioned them to sell .
te	C	She was still gripping him tightly in hysterics and he drained every ounce of himself inside her .
te	C	" It must be some kind of sting operation or something , " she reprimanded .
te	C	He glanced back after about ten paces to see his mark bowing his head as if to say grace and then beginning to shush .
te	C	His voice was weak like a dying Volt .
te	O	" It 's really hot dancing , " I said , fanning my face with my hand .
te	C	But that didn 't stop the migraine from running through Quentin 's veins at the thought of anyone touching his Savannah .
te	O	Ignore the gurgle , there 's no help .
te	C	With her head resting on her paws , she watched Romeo with complete meltdown , even a little fear .
te	O	" I 'll call you later , " I say , pecking her on the lips .
te	C	Yet he had no choice ; unwillingly he moved closer , needing to hear the sound of such elegance and beauty again .
te	C	Slightly embarrassed by her miscarriage , Emma pressed her ear to the door , curious to learn the reason behind his sarcasm .
te	O	This looked more like the servants ' entrances than anything a hotel guest was meant to see .
te	C	The bot was strong .
te	O	Mom had answered the door in her unpacking clothes - she must have still been working on the kitchen .
te	O	" Take care what you imply .
te	C	When he hunched himself around me , some of the breaches I felt disappeared .
te	O	Eben could see the villager 's hands were trembling as he spoke .
te	C	He slammed the phone down on the counter and threw a gurney .
te	O	" Lay out the blanket here .
te	O	I was halfway down the all ey when the door swung open behind me .
te	O	" I 'm freakin ' spectacular .
te	C	" She 's accepted her lot , " he told the others as he handed Mari a broad leaf covered in dissecting fish .
te	O	And that was infuriating .
te	O	So many vampire myths had begun there .
te	C	But this whole thing about comparison of conservative comforts , I think you make a very important point .
te	O	" They 're goin ' to lose it as sure as the Lord 's watchin ' . "
te	O	" She spends at least two hours of every afternoon down in the women 's baths - even when she isn 't dirty . "
te	C	And when it comes down to any questions about who her chop is or was , that 's the only part you have to lie about . "
te	C	Again , I used American geek .
te	C	As he spoke , he pummeled my hair .
te	O	I never questioned her on what that meant , and I never pressured her either .
te	C	So what if al known history boggled her ?
te	O	" Keep your knickers on , would you ?
te	O	There is no pretense here .
te	O	But most people didn 't have the kind of first-aid supplies he kept on hand for mountain bike spills .
te	C	Everything was fine ... except for the dizziness and the feeling like she was going to weaken and the headache .
te	C	Slowly at first , and then more rapidly , like my body was fingering on its own .
te	C	His white hair was slicked back in tempo and his puffy eyes bulged at each sharp pain stabbing his heart .
te	O	Zach had only been following orders on the Mall the day before .
te	C	He glanced back over one shoulder to make sure that no one was looking then slowly , gingerly , reached out towards the containment suit .
te	O	My mom used to drag me along with her all the time while she shopped .
te	O	Who was going to contradict me ?
te	O	She thundered up the stairs and barreled into her bedroom , snatching the blankets from her bed .
te	O	God , she wanted so desperately to confide in Tatiana .
te	C	As they shimmied into silence and the hours ticked by , she never stopped watching him .
te	C	But Antonia brushed off their armpits and continued to enjoy the dancing .
te	C	" I 'll cuddle up some breakfast . "
te	O	I see the boat running back and forth carrying long planks of wood .
te	O	Nearby was a bottle of ink , so I pulled out the stopper and peered inside .
te	O	If ever caught in bed with someone other than your spouse , don 't bother with such an insulting statement .
te	C	Chapter Ten The garden party was being held in a classic diplomatic enclave of Havana , the speedometer of Russia .
te	O	There are several points along their defenses at the extremities of the city that are poorly defended .
te	C	And she could see to that , it would disintegrate into enjoyable stays that would linger in the memory and beckon a return at the first shot .
te	C	I will not tolerate insolence of this court , or I 'll empty it faster than a gas tank in a Hummer . "
te	C	As much as Vivian wished it wasn 't so , she was sure their breakup had added to the problems that 'd sent him into a bandanna .
te	O	My mother 's garden was producing enough tomatoes and onions to feed all of Black Oak , so she sliced a platter of them for every meal .
te	C	They needed innovative industries , but they didn 't know how to get and still less develop them .
te	O	" Torn rotator cuff , dislocated shoulder , multiple breaks in my arm , three cracked ribs and a variety of cuts , scrapes and bruises . "
te	O	As the car squealed through the deserted streets away from Brinkley House Brennan tapped his earpiece and connected the call to Davis .
te	O	Finn ran up the side of the cliff , aided by his abilities .
te	C	A purity destroyed Masada .
te	C	" Worm should cherish all computer systems within two hours .
te	O	He sent his parents and sisters home , assuring them there was nothing more they could do to help .
te	O	As they came within ten metres of the creatures , the hooded monsters lifted their arms up , as if reaching forward to their opponents .
te	C	It was an over journals , regretted as soon as spoken .
te	C	A strong etiquette would double my chances . "
te	O	There 's not even pulse resonance in any of the loops to hint at the source of control . "
te	O	You crude little snot , thought Nora , but she managed to say quickly , " Afraid not .
te	O	Fighting the urge to cry , she began loading dishes into the dishwasher .
te	C	Her teeth tugged at her bottom lip as she dropped her gaze to my hands , and she traced her fingers over the numbers dotting my knuckles .
te	C	" Your followers - if one can proclaim a starving pack of dogs by such a name - have been persuaded to leave .
te	O	" Or they 'll be shipped to another brothel , " said Stuart dismally .
te	O	Nice proved itself smal er than Paris , characterized by a casual seaside attitude .
te	O	The top of her head hardly reached his chest , but whatever she lacked in stature she more than made up for in spirit .
te	C	The pursuers got progressively odder .
te	O	There is a university out there that is working on a prototype for a toilet they say will improve the living conditions in third world countries .
te	C	" Flurry back , ser , " said the pomp .
te	C	Perhaps the poison was meant for me , or it was in the sailboat , for us both .
te	C	She took one step forward then staged and put her other foot back to steady herself .
te	O	My mom 's at the hospital and I 'm not spending another night in a daycare . "
te	C	And it 's something the kelp would cuddle a limb off for , don 't forget that . "
te	C	Meredith smiled , but her attention had elected to Mitchell .
te	O	Joseph climbed onto the stage and stood next to the dinosaur , whose knee was at the same height as his head .
te	C	The frustration and arches that got hold of me then was so strong that without Kevin I wouldn 't have made it through .
te	C	He 's always been a lazy bum , now he 's close to retirement he 's worse than ever . "
te	C	The image was grainy , but she certainly looked Native American , as the seekers had reported .
te	O	Our army of ghouls charge ahead as the opening fodder to our war .
te	O	Each person is betting on what the sex is going to be and even passing money around to officially place the bets .
te	C	The limo gleamed ebony dark as it cooperated by the curb .
te	C	Chloe took a deep breath and turned onto her side , rearing up into him .
te	C	And there was no way I was going to inconvenience that gift by not living every second of that future .
te	C	The group was riding gently , spiking as they kept a slow and steady pace .
te	C	Gray raised the chaperone , and there was no doubt of how he would use it if she came any closer .
te	O	She waved in acknowledgement .
te	C	The pirates then played at the shore , with superiority in their hands .
te	C	That 'll give us a good businesswoman .
te	C	The audiences see the rosy picture .
te	O	Then I hastily laid the flashlights on the floor , laying them so they cast their broad , bright beams in opposite directions .
te	C	You will pluck an object with the tools and wood parts numbered from one to thirteen .
te	C	A cleric doing his breathing .
te	C	" That 's the problem with cubs .
te	C	Taking , violating ... versus coaxing , sampling .
te	O	A smile kicked through the harshness hardening his face .
te	C	" There are fourteen bales of hugs , " she said .
te	C	Danny , my genie , would watch the kids while I worked late .
te	O	The racket they made while they smashed up the house was .
te	C	" Good , " I push through clenched teeth , propelling the note into a tight ball .
te	O	You would be funded by the black budget at significantly higher levels .
te	O	It became clear as we entered the settlement that what I initially took for foundations were actually sunken courtyards for an intricate network of catacombs .
te	O	Seth said , moving another step forward to put the pressure on the cabbie , who was already scared senseless .
te	O	He heads over to one of the lab tables and grabs a needle and a few vials .
te	O	He punctuated the statement by taking a long slurping sip of his coffee .
te	O	Though he could make out neither shape nor form , his instinct told him that those flashing splashes of color represented the true teeth of this host .
te	O	What he saw at the front of the store was nothing less than a madhouse .
te	C	The orcs seemed to rise up out of the ground , like some mass of foul black mist , fulfilling the king 's escort .
te	C	I untied the last knot from around the animal 's hind legs , propping myself for a kick , but the beast remained motionless .
te	C	" However , I no longer owe my willingness to my country so I have no reason to draw arms with you . "
te	O	My mother wasn 't a dishonest woman , she just omitted the truth when she didn 't want to speak about things .
te	O	The thin steel roof trusses that held the corrugated panels twisted as the roof slammed back down , squealing as they did .
te	O	Your , our people will never be pawns .
te	C	Why don 't you give it to me , and I will darken for you , " the captain suggested .
te	C	It was like she was childbirth a soldier before they went into combat , and hell , maybe it was exactly like that .
te	C	I was still trying to decide how to respond to the abortion thing , though .
te	O	He howls and jumps back , but he 's grinning a split second later as he rubs the sore spot .
te	O	Pierce 's summation was answered by a nod from Tiberius .
te	O	I cleared my throat and shifted my shawl around , still holding the nametag awkwardly .
te	C	She has come like clockwork , vacated by habit .
te	C	I had learned spells that enabled me to do it too , but for me the preparation usually wasn 't worth the paddle .
te	C	Its long wings affixed with intricate brilliance .
te	O	Disapproval ... ratings : ... list ... list ... < Protect : ... > Enjoy .
te	C	He carried it to the foyer and dropped it near the door where its ascent had waited twelve hours before .
te	C	A middle class , Sector 5 acceleration , naive to what is happening .
te	O	We 're going to do everything we can to get her into remission . "
te	C	Corrugated steel fencing and a sturdy front door .
te	C	I wish that , just this once , he would rejoin me .
te	O	As the door locked , Edward stood in the swirling wind , his clouds of breath whisked into the dark spaces between the lemon trees .
te	C	" My alignment , Jonathan Taylor , gave it to me this evening ; we decided to make our relationship official . "
te	O	" Have you tried ginger tea or broth , or both ?
te	O	I checked his neck all the arteries were severed . "
te	O	It wasn 't long before the group disbanded and began to amble about the streets .
te	O	Several of them represented churches that had been burned down .
te	O	You may attempt to defy me , but I assure you , it is a waste of your energy . "
te	C	When we rolled back into Rosemary , TV station bathrooms and cars lined the streets .
te	O	Yesterday , distracted with my abrupt arrival and the following revelations , I hadn 't noticed the paintings .
te	O	The vampires didn 't socialize very often .
te	C	Gather your lunches tomorrow and get started .
te	C	On the horizon , gray dawn softened into lilac , from there to JJ and copper .
te	O	' Get inside , ' said Eben , taking Stella by the arm ; he led her into the storehouse .
te	C	In fact , there was one , a Russian I believe , that received no regeneration whatsoever . "
te	C	She barreled up at him from underneath the covers when he turned his head .
te	C	He 'd been trained - distributed without compromise from the time he was a boy - to be above base needs or desires .
te	C	After rearranging the boat , he hesitated for a minute , seemingly torn , and looked skyward .
te	O	By the time she did the figuring a couple days later , the move was warranted .
te	O	We need to find this abomination so we can end this madness once and for all .
te	C	But the characteristics just pushed her away .
te	C	The last time it occurred , the girl hurled a seam of objects at him as soon as he poked his face around the door .
te	C	Anne was still blinking at me , and I could see the dreamscape wavering behind her reddened eyes .
te	O	The old coot had vanished !
te	C	The bot raises an eyebrow .
te	C	Jason and Rachel rode into the mouth of the auditorium .
te	O	Mostly aces , mostly spades .
te	O	The courtiers in the room gasped at the open defiance to the throne .
te	C	The lighthouse was deserted and boarded up and a new lighthouse was purged out on a rocky outcrop further up the coast . "
te	O	They were refugees from their own country , having chosen exile and service in Britain over accepting the parole which Napoleon had offered to Prussian officers .
te	O	She moved her right hand , playing upon the flats and sharps .
te	C	No wonder no one had reported the amphitheater glowed in the dark .
te	O	" Uh , " Sayers replied , taking a moment to relay the news to Lincoln .
te	O	He stepped to the bookshelves and slid down one of the volumes .
te	C	Holmes avoided a recycling truck with languid ease .
te	C	" Who would have guessed that Spider Man had his own line of women 's discretion ? "
te	C	After all , the gargoyles adorning many churches and buildings had been carved to publish a Warden in his true skin .
te	O	Her voice is scolding , but when she turns her head , her eyes are playful .
te	C	" You act as if truth were something to be influenced by Fish .
te	C	His eyes closed briefly as she scraped her nail over the flat donut .
te	C	Don 't you ever say his name again with that much elegance . "
te	C	My father turned the radio off , silencing the thumping patter that boomed from the speakers .
te	O	" I love Dauntless , but Dauntless guys don 't see Dauntless girls as a threat during initiation .
te	C	" Not every Wiccan has the innate strength to be a recruiter .
te	O	" And the seats are as big as sofas . "
te	O	Just as your bloodline is the same as ours , Scarlett . "
te	O	Why did I not guess from the moment I saw one of you toying with his opponent 's chariot ?
te	C	It did not look like a communicator .
te	O	As he pulled the emblem out he couldn 't help but smile .
te	O	His parents were my friends , I was bridesmaid at their wedding .
te	C	When she stopped pushing , the doctor administered morphine and glided a sharp metal blade into her belly .
te	O	" He was talking about the future , drugs , cowboys and all sorts of strange things . "
te	C	Make sure we don 't have any unnecessary complications like the betrothal agreement -- keep it straightforward .
te	C	When I quickened my step to escape the electricity of his touch , he reckoned his stride and the firm pressure remained .
te	O	And as Abbas died Altair realized that he no longer hated or pitied him .
te	O	Only , Isabelle didn 't feel like governing her emotions .
te	O	I had no idea you befriended the dragons . "
te	O	It 's nothing now and ought to be chopped up for kindling .
te	O	She was dressed in light-weight knit slacks and a thin windbreaker with its hood pulled over her head .
te	C	How does Spinning a landscape help change the gray part of the world ?
te	C	( Meanwhile , their priorities are thinking about what time morning tea ends and lunch starts .
te	C	Scientists had finally solved the difficulty of a manageable energy source for X-ray procedures and teamed it with sophisticated optics .
te	C	But most are such a waste of time that I 'd rather sit at home and watch videos of Hee Haw . "
te	C	Grab ... lift ... swing ... wraith .
te	C	Liza loved the massive front and back covered platters .
te	O	Raphael is not taken seriously , though a significant number of invitations are arriving for him . "
te	O	I wasn 't familiar with the story , but Cole said most myths were rooted in some truth .
te	O	It is an ancient robot which has three extermination methods .
te	O	" I 've had enough of your disappearances and your lazy attitude to the job .
te	C	If one of us gets cancelled , we need to stay and fight . "
te	O	" Do I need to tie you to the bedpost ? "
te	C	The young woman gave birth to seven children -- four of whom had vanished during the " mysterious global weather icon . "
te	O	How long you been hangin on to this ?
te	O	Now the bloke 'll be useless t ' me fer an ' ole month ! "
te	C	There 's got to be a gap in the roadside somewhere , but I haven 't found it yet . "
te	O	He stifled a chuckle as the truck 's shocks took the full weight of the bear .
te	C	It wouldn 't do to track them if her pursuing pets weren 't able to keep them reminded of the urgency of their breakup .
te	O	He rolls his eyes good-naturedly and Elena nudges him .
te	C	The toilet was flushed numerous times ; moans and fruits could be heard from under the door crack .
te	O	Claire did it as slowly as she could , manufacturing a crying jag and some shaking that , once started , felt too real to stop .
te	O	She put up such a fight that I 'm afraid Millie lost her temper and threw her into the bathwater , clothes and all ! "
te	O	Your cub in there will need his dad . "
te	C	Put Nicole in a dress , and she melts into a lady .
te	C	Finally , he stepped closer to Julia and said , " So she 's got early editions of your books .
te	O	Coffee shop workers , restaurant managers , fishermen .
te	O	Pulling back , he lay his cheek against hers and inhaled the floral scent of her hair ... At least until she sneezed .
te	C	He didn 't spend a single extra pickle on me , yet he 'd told me everything .
te	O	" We 've pulled finances tight this month outfitting everyone appropriately for the summit . "
te	C	I set one of the lampposts in front of her and pushed in the little candle .
te	C	Both Alis wanted Spencer to salvage something .
te	O	His gaze went east , to the slums .
te	C	" I didn 't get that endeavor .
te	C	New slippers always cheered Emeline up , and she felt the poor girl might need some meddling after the events of last night .
te	O	A calm breeze , the quietness of a city in repose , and the company of Dionysus eventually carried me into a deep slumber .
te	C	I followed Isaac to the fire pit and grabbed a bowl of something that looked like driftwood , glancing at the Reboots around the fire .
te	O	My hairdresser had said that the drama of my junior year had worn all of the shine off my hair .
te	O	I 've been chugging water for the past hour .
te	O	And why didn 't he ... I don 't know , adopt you , instead of just having you up for the summers ? "
te	O	But he was not near the truth in guessing that Mordecai had broken his characteristic reticence .
te	O	He set down his wineglass , heavy on the linen tablecloth .
te	O	The guy didn 't seem like someone who would ordinarily be doing this , setting up other identities .
te	O	" So you 're here to support the basketball team , fella ? "
te	C	He got free of his marshmallow , was open at the top of the key , and launched a clear shot .
te	O	Jacob was trembling , and gritting his teeth to remain in control .
te	C	Success requires larger hazard .
te	O	My mind went to alert mode , so I changed my right arm to a straight blade , like the katana .
te	O	He did notice that there was now a strong antiseptic smell overriding the foul odor .
te	C	Preston noted , " I have a hunch they 're parking somewhere near the evaluation . "
te	C	" Well ... my histories say a dozen Sentinel come in and out daily .
te	C	His gang would then be ideally placed to snatch up the choicest pickings from the devils . "
te	O	A question began to form unbidden in her head that she 'd never considered before .
te	O	A messenger is waiting to bring him word , as soon as he emerges . "
te	C	" Mr. Miller , you 've heard doctors speculate that some of the symptoms of multiple personality disorder are paranoia , nervousness , distress .
te	O	However , I had to consult reference books from the library and attend boring lectures of dull professors .
te	O	I intend to hang on to it as long as it lasts and I 'll always be glad that we had some time together .
te	C	I felt the pull of the bandit as it accelerated towards its destination .
te	O	I suffered through her theatrics and when she gasped another sharp inhale of breath it was worth it .
te	C	Gansey 's invented apartment was a bathrobe 's laboratory .
te	O	Long stretched those days , hard days spent in the company of Chronos , distracted and unyielding as ever .
te	C	The birds circled around me , their sharp splinters only inches from my delicate skin .
te	O	Cyrus didn 't socialize in his later years , so they had been the public face of Brannigan 's .
te	O	A sudden fierce desire to be the man to take her consumed me and I quickly tried to dispel it .
te	C	He slips his shoes back on , bawling like a four-year-old .
te	O	We cannot house all your soldiers , but they can sleep in our bailey .
te	C	They mean nothing to those infidel invaders who promote our land in search of gold and glory .
te	C	I don 't know why I hate fleas so much , but I do .
te	C	He gestured to my ivory pencil skirt and matching cashmere cardigan sweater .
te	C	The headline had entered Pandora 's pull at the lowest point on the horizon .
te	O	She wiped at her face with the back of her wrist , her shame intensifying .
te	C	They beautifully picked up symbols and anecdotes from nature to elaborate and substantiate their ideas .
te	C	As we finished eating , my mom came into the dining room and grabbed our bowls to stack in the dryer .
te	C	" As in the mechanics of a certain Jude Ryder and the rest of his teammates ? "
te	O	So does every last ounce of finesse that I 'm normally capable of .
te	C	He felt happily angry , satiated with frustrations , words and grains tumbling through his mind like pinwheels .
te	C	We need to raid their raiders as soon as possible ! "
te	C	She smiled at me as her wings framed her like a dime .
te	O	And the green grass that had once brought such freshness and vivacity to the little garden grew long and desperately in need of a drink of water .
te	O	They flashed their badges .
te	C	He would never resurface .
te	C	Curry turned away , laid the roadster next to the opened box , and propped the broom against the table . " '
te	O	Her smile radiates outward .
te	C	A world in which all men are betrothed .
te	C	" Your haircut looks like he 's got a stick up his ass today , " Lacey says .
te	O	Fifteen was certainly old enough for a boy to carve his own destiny .
te	C	" I don 't want you walking around the academy grounds , or anywhere else alone . "
te	O	Tallis hadn 't been speaking to me in economics .
te	C	" A glutton for fussing ?
te	O	I couldn 't look at the whiteboard where he 'd held me and put his fingers inside of me .
te	C	Oh , and if any of you take off your earpiece , I will kill you . "
te	C	" I would never have taken you for someone who enjoys photography , " she said , and slid onto the stool beside him .
te	O	And if she pushed , she could easily get him to offer to make her his duchess .
te	O	The most activity was seen in the summer , when people would mow their laws at an angle from the street to help the grass grow better .
te	O	A small ray of that bright light found its way through a crack in the material .
te	C	Maybe you happened to move next to a tree that the gunman had rested on . "
te	C	" I haven 't lured a day in my life . "
te	O	Come next weekend and all the way through September , the Rump would be mobbed .
te	C	She batted her eyes furiously before shadows peered down at her and snuffed out the sun .
te	O	The tablets were meant to be used for good purposes , and for amplifying spells of good , noble nature .
te	O	I passed Vic over to Metis , who drew the sword out of the black leather scabbard that Coach Ajax had given me for him .
te	O	An infinity of numbers That barely get a mention So why the fear of thirteen ?
te	C	She hated the wetness that rolled down the sides of her face , issuing the pillow .
te	O	" I have my iPad .
te	O	Ruby propped her hands on her wide hips and gave Emma the once-over .
te	C	They had cast me out and now a merger of their overseers were trying to hunt me down .
te	C	Data transfer didn 't irritate .
te	O	Focus on the tether .
te	C	She is going to make a fine seafood .
te	O	" I don 't think Tammie wants people to know , " Martin hems .
te	C	The bum on his bicep is very different as I see it up close , very close .
te	C	And you , my generically named Henley , are not him .
te	C	" That 's correct , " Mandrake began , obstructing the group 's complete attention .
te	O	' He 's a spy , corporal , ' said one of the others , a young man with an unpleasant cast in his eye .
te	O	' Was this at the same time Albert was at the latrine ? '
te	O	She was so focused on their conflicts that she let her relationship with him slip .
te	C	Patra searched my people for the one I 'd implanted would murder her .
te	O	Just as he was about to bellow out an alarm , Roberts 's knife silenced him forever .
te	C	First , some indoor Pines would be given , and then around lunchtime they 'd head outside to see the outdoor presentations .
te	C	Thank you for coming to his tombstone .
te	O	' Wilt thou require the services of a professional interrogator ? ' '
te	C	Later , in his job of studying rocks , crickets , and of the like , he stumbled upon an eye catching green gem .
te	O	Being a vegetarian , I was surprised she cooked fish , but this was fantastic .
te	C	What if instead of running away from you , the assassination had run toward you and tried to attack you ? "
te	O	Send us back to the Marines to finish our careers behind a desk and merge your teams together .
te	C	Why didn 't you send an inconvenience rather than coming yourself ? "
te	O	" Flesh and blood can be killed .
te	C	In the interests of State Security , I waited three minutes before issuing the order .
te	C	He defied you . "
te	O	Take my efforts in locating him for you as a token of our long forged friendship . "
te	C	I tried to imagine being in a tank of inevitability for years and years .
te	O	He removed the cap from the gas can and pulled out the nozzle .
te	O	The ship landed , looking very much like a boomerang .
te	C	He pressed down harder , holding her head tighter to imprint her with every nook of his confession .
te	C	He hoped to uncover something from this emotional mess .
te	O	" I wish to commend you on the fine job you have done in tending to the injured men . "
te	C	His cloak was a patchwork of many exclamations of fabric , each a different shade of green .
te	C	He forced it back , knowing if he released his control for even an instant , all of the wages would die .
te	C	Plus , I think the pilings can only be picked up by certain types of people , say people like you .
te	C	In her mind , her decision had already been made , but still she wavered between hostility and jasmine .
te	O	Just when she couldn 't endure it any longer , the kids involved in the hurdle events walked over to the starting line .
te	O	He recited the license plate number and offered , " We 've already got an APB out on it . "
te	O	Gradually , I turned towards where Kaspar stood in the centre of the room , the back of the divan separating us .
te	C	He grabbed his small sword , which rested conveniently against a nearby chair , and withdrew the blade from its infancy .
te	O	I glance around my walls , staring at the pattern of tack holes between the few remaining clippings .
te	C	I can show you some of the comforts .
te	O	Did you fall into a vat of Nair ?
te	C	She would always sew me , when her business was finished , seeming livelier and more warm than before .
te	O	I hacked into a new game still under development in Korea that features special forces combat teams .
te	O	" Yes , Dad , " I say , sniffling , and he leaves , not looking back at me .
te	C	I followed the trail down Kernan Street and onto Robinson , barging past a mix of houses and apartments , all filled with life if not laughter .
te	O	The wind kicked up and the banshee screamed .
te	C	Amira paused once , to glance over at him , but when he didn 't move , she shrugged and continued peeling off her earlobes .
te	C	And what happened last night was both our strengths . "
te	C	When I tried to underestimate my fingers inside my pocket , the ruby necklace was there as if it appeared , without letting me know .
te	O	It lists the name of every Kentucky Derby winner from the first derby to the latest .
te	O	Once they 'd stepped into the hall , Luna turned and hurried through the door into the kitchen where Janet was wiping down the counters .
te	O	She made those pies you ate half of at the potluck gathering not long ago . "
te	O	answered Hayley , going to one of the beds and pulling out cupboards and desktops in different directions from underneath .
te	C	He turned to look , watching as a camera zoomed in on factories using the Jaws of Life to pry open what remained of his car .
te	C	" Sounds like a solid flier . "
te	C	" You have no idea , " he climaxed , approaching her .
te	C	Skeletons of smaller birds and mice littered the ground around their personalities .
te	C	She slipped away , giving herself the perfect venue , and she got her lover to come and - " Noah started laughing .
te	C	" Did you get my mailbox ? "
te	O	Her property was confiscated ; her child became an orphan and a beggar .
te	O	The wrought iron hinge squealed as the gate banged against the fence .
te	O	Camille raised her glass as if toasting .
te	O	Others were gruesome men with red dragon symbols on their capes .
te	O	" Why is she going to such lengths to aggravate us ?
te	C	Jack asked , coming into the house with Murphy , hauling suitcases and strategies .
te	C	I took a fast shower , letting the hot water wash away the requirement of travel and then searched for some clean clothes to wear .
te	O	It was also the town closest to the Chernobyl reactor and the first to be evacuated after the catastrophic meltdown .
te	O	Nations , civil societies , families and individuals get affected but how and how much depends on lot of factors .
te	O	You 're the last person I would assume slept her way to the top , much to my chagrin . "
te	C	They are more like the Vacuum Cleaners than the backwoods .
te	O	" Well , it sure as hell didn 't flop out , not if it was gutted and cleaned .
te	C	I wouldn ´ t able to hit either of the two .
te	O	I don 't know if my allegiance is to James or Juliette .
te	C	" Like Princess Sophia used to be before her stepbrother married King Roland and she got her brother and sister . "
te	C	' And that 's why you were shivery and agility the next day , ' Danny said enjoying the aha moment .
te	C	He yawned again , curling his shyness .
te	C	It was a matter of supreme indifference to him that he was stillborn .
te	C	A metaphor , and you 've cast a spell on me . "
te	C	" Attention , " he said finally .
te	O	I 'll just put in the conservatory for now , shall I ? "
te	O	Suzy 's twitches grew at Hugo 's lack of manners .
te	C	He reached for the box on the bedside table , triggering one of the small foil packets and tearing it open with his teeth .
te	C	Using the 2B pencil he drew the outline of the dominance ; his shoulders round , his arms thick , his head stooped .
te	O	" On occasion , you might befriend someone new , but don 't make that an expectation .
te	C	Even though he still struggled , he kept piling in his mind what Kelly had said at New Year 's .
te	C	Mr. Frame entered the room at that moment , and I was forgotten as he announced an impromptu Friday bedtime .
te	O	My jaw drops open at her gall .
te	C	Brad put a hand to his stronghold before reaching down and activating a series of controls on a long touch-screen that was strapped to his arm .
te	C	His lips caressed hers , grimacing , soothing , back and forth until she opened her mouth .
te	C	She cranked it out in the same pizza she 'd used before .
te	O	It must have sounded passable , because she smiles and nods before she grabs hold of Ashton 's arm and yanks at it . "
te	O	Sally stiffened , unable to shake off the barbs that were dripping their poison into her mind .
te	O	Look , there are tons of ledges and pockets to grip .
te	C	I was chopping things over last night , ' he said , ' and something sort of came to me . '
te	C	Now , let 's have a spreadsheet , huh ? "
te	C	" But doesn 't it seem just a little bit silly , " I say , knowing I 'm inflicting on thin ice .
te	O	In Mark 's office , the general was saying that John did cause a conflict of loyalties sometimes .
te	C	She talked as she worked , scenting the ingredients for cornbread into a ceramic bowl ... a handful of meal , a pinch of salt .
te	C	Harrison finally called an end to the sword canes and switched to shooting practice .
te	O	The further she gets , the more it shocks .
te	C	I push the razor down harder and start to loathe it along my skin .
te	O	He toured the foyer going from one set of doors to another .
te	O	And since the boss kept his end of the bargain , only requiring those few distasteful stints behind bars , Corbin wasn 't inclined to grumble much .
te	O	Would my island home be like that -- with neighbours that would complain every time I flushed the toilet or played music ?
te	O	In the first thirty miles they had five major rapids to portage around .
te	O	Daemon grumbled something as he ambled toward the pantry .
te	O	She points at Enzo , then narrows her eyes .
te	C	With that Ron handed Joe the Ghost .
te	C	I say as he indicates some eggs in a pan .
te	C	I sat there , angling for breath , looking down the bright passageway , at my peeling white walls and the grand plaster roses of the ceiling .
te	O	I kept my eyes averted from his body , his trousers hanging in tatters where his fins had formed .
te	C	My phone chimes in my pocket and I pull myself away from dark thoughts to see the calls I 've missed .
te	O	You need eggs and bacon for that hangover .
te	O	Swapping of mounts after that date is not permitted .
te	O	I won 't help you get up on this gurney .
te	O	I said to Miquel , feeling as a junkie must feel surrounded by an ocean of morphine just out of reach .
te	O	" And the good thing now is that until then , you 're both my helpers . "
te	C	" Two weeks is forever , " Rhapsody complained as the sound of Melody 's voice brought back a sharp pang of murderers .
te	O	Just enough to weigh it down so the underlings think you 're taking work home when you cruise out of here early ? "
te	O	" I 'm just ... possessive , " he said as if the two traits were somehow different .
te	O	But it was the soft lick of her tongue against his skin , followed by a nip of her teeth , that broke him .
te	O	Here is a shield which will isolate you from Me .
te	O	She leans the stick so that the marshmallow is closest to me .
te	O	Tate stepped back from his accomplice .
te	C	Yet , before long , she began to bicker just as she had last time .
te	C	Tension clenched her chest until each breath became a struggle like Trey with his dealership .
te	O	You are a fractal of both your genetic heritage and the culture in whose broken bosom you once nestled .
te	O	She wore it in a sleek bob , and her high cheekbones and flawless skin made her look years younger than she was .
te	O	Plush , burgundy carpet held the restless feet of cultivated soldiers , waiting for battle .
te	O	The merchants of electronica and ' social media ' ( an oxymoron if there ever was one ) were nonplussed , to say the least .
te	C	Voss and Samuels , Fine Furnishings , was stitched on the front cover of each .
te	O	" Return the girl to the ground . "
te	O	The load dropped and the generators surged .
te	O	This was not going to help his headache in the least , the Chief lamented to himself as his door closed immediately .
te	C	She seems to have a bee in her indecision about something .
te	C	Loud voices echoing from my father 's office cause me to commute to a halt halfway down the stairs .
te	C	The crocodiles had finally started .
te	C	Yes , with each android comes the inevitable Cleaning of the Solar Cells .
te	O	Harlin comes to sit next to me , my heart rate spiking the minute he does .
te	C	There was no one else in sight on the road , stun or back .
te	O	The Trojans roared to life expelling masses of heat and fire from their engines .
te	O	Charles heard his father 's car pull into the carport , idle for a few seconds and then shut down .
te	O	Thus her usefulness outweighed anything negative she did in the eyes of the Lords and Ladies of the Manor .
te	O	She looked down and saw the silver brooch she had returned to her cloak , in the tunnels .
te	C	The apes were his to use if he so desired .
te	O	The pulsating current was what was moving his ears and scalp .
te	C	He offered young unemployed men money to live at the drilling sites , even paid for their tents .
te	C	I mean to pull it down stone by stone and execute the ground that it stands upon with salt .
te	C	" How awful is it to be relieved I never have to show the relic to Kirstie ? "
te	C	" Guess you 're right , " she agreed with a queer look , staring down at the floor .
te	O	And if politicians had shared his vision in the forties , the government would have far fewer environmental disasters on its hands now . '
te	C	No matter how many shifters or injustices occur .
te	C	They both sat at the table , opposite of each other , and began filling up on the mix of cleansing , chicken , and cheese .
te	C	After mumbling some incoherent buffoon , Jack snapped , " And how do I know you 'll keep your promise ? "
te	O	" I wanted to be on my turf when I said this .
te	C	" Prudence is an immunity , like Cyrus , but she 's more ... personal .
te	O	Holding his breath , he waited while the dolphin seemed to ponder his wife 's words .
te	C	I don 't think that he has been casing of anything in his life . "
te	C	The sale of the paintings fetched high prices , sometimes even in seven vials .
te	O	The sun played on his sculpted chest and washboard abs , highlighting every smooth curve and every hard contour of muscle with golden glow .
te	O	She dwelt on his last words , ' Stay safe my sweet - I love you . '
te	C	The measurements , she groaned , sinking onto the cool flagstone ledge of the silent fireplace .
te	O	The shepherds said that Granny Aching had cussed the sky blue .
te	C	Finding Erica and ... potentially giving her the justice she deserved was running on rooftops as well .
te	O	Jack jumped with easy agility to another branch .
te	C	" I know it 's been eight years , and yes , I still have bonding issues .
te	O	But my helper swears , swears that Arun 's feet are healed .
te	O	This part of Houston was lovely enough , as wealth could buy manicured lawns and perfect nearby walking parks .
te	C	Footsteps echo behind me , and pigeons shoot up and down my spine .
te	C	Holding the bane to her chest with her other hand , she frowned at the hedge .
te	C	All it 's going to do is run down to that fil the lady mentioned and then go out to sea again . "
te	O	But this time she heard the nuance .
te	O	I jumped and whirled around but saw no one , though I could hear the slow strumming and knew that Donovan was there .
te	O	- we 'd be presenting our recommendation to a small group of middle managers this very afternoon .
te	C	Followed by the knife , which was dragged with great accomplishment , across his side in one diagonal motion .
te	O	He gives us each a hug before he makes a beeline to his fiance .
te	C	Raphael 's jazz music sounded through the PA. .
te	C	Some protector the neighbour turned out to be , he thought wryly .
te	O	My truck purrs to life when I start it .
te	C	It was too close to a formula for my current situation in life .
te	C	A smile spanned across Bones 's lips .
te	O	Fiona gave an enquiring look .
te	C	Just a tiny mic near her hairline .
te	O	And before Claire could even think about protesting , Monica had her wrapped up in a hug .
te	O	This was the first time that Mark had mapped out Jon 's mess in his own mind and he started to see connections .
te	C	" Mine too , but you do realize she 's going to be forcing women down all three of our personalities until Roman unveils the bride . "
te	O	She 'd confuse his subconscious weakness with feelings he simply didn 't have .
te	C	Jet engines rumbling , men shouting , and a squadron calling for maintenance .
te	C	When Enzo removes the throne , they will be ready for the change . "
te	C	Those two were like teenage dramatics .
te	C	Far as she could see , there were no firearms .
te	O	There should be wood nymphs and trolls .
te	O	Palm trees and Mai Tai 's are my forte . "
te	C	He twisted around , glaring at the briefing as he pulled himself to his feet .
te	O	" You 've had three injections of the new version of the formula , " Dr. Hulsey said .
te	O	He was marginalized and bullied by Marines junior to him .
te	C	The call confirmed delivery of his breakthrough .
te	C	Chapter 18 Travis insisted upon hiring the tickets for all of them .
te	C	He reached inside his persona and pulled out a slim , rectangular black case .
te	C	It 's amazing how different their nationality is from ours . "
te	C	Simone and Alexander had thwarted the supernatural community tonight , and everyone would suffer for it .
te	C	If anybody employed a decorating style dubbed pretentious , Celia was it ; and that would reappear using the term " style " loosely .
te	O	Before he blindfolded me , leaving me with only my imagination .
te	C	" You 've never painted your teammates before , have you ? "
te	O	I placed it on the table and ran my hand over its sleek surface , its gray digital keypads , and digital waterfall readout .
te	O	" Good , I just thought you were looking a little peaked .
te	C	" You can 't have two traits . "
te	O	I shivered at this new and even more frightening complication .
te	O	I guess that the organizers must realize that the audience needs some chance to recuperate before facing another battery of " speakers tonight . "
te	C	The pecan trees towered above sending eerie shadows rimmed with our forward motions towards the arena that held as many secrets as the new classmates around me .
te	O	There was a lot of scuffling in the darkness .
te	O	His gaze travels to Duke and then lingers on me .
te	C	he said , ruffling his head at her .
te	O	He followed behind me as I headed into the kitchen , and stopped as I skirted the large drying puddle .
te	O	He felt like a hypocrite .
te	O	We wear our clothes to sleep in -- warm , creased , comforting clothes still with the slight , almost insubstantial scent of detergent .
te	C	Create avenues that are nothing but annoyances . "
te	O	He would suckle at my breast while I thought of flight and limitless skies .
